Kami din!! Tagalog dub tho peroo pweds na
It was an awesome show. I wish I could share. Unfortunately no allowed to take a pic and video
Malooy mo.
nice to finally meet you
Sounds like you went in bodyguard hard
Of course 2 people get stabbed the one night shift I have in the blood bank
look, CAHS may korona lapa tayo charotx BABAWI TAYO soon hehehe
You chase sluts but you still chasin your e... nvm so bo4?
What is in the bags you are wondering. Try a fuck load of candles Been and packing all day. My
I was not ready to come to the gym
So embarrassing
The best therapist has fur and four legs.
NB:Dahil free, pumila kame from 10AM - 1230PM
No worries I was about to share u the tweet but they're acct was on private
in Paris.
My ovaries died... literally (my period came early)
Thanks what a
Thought it was a Monday and I was late for work
Old art of Roll
I'm having no luck on at all! I can't apply fitness cards to any players at all The worst part is they
Koren Cox has got a very, very lucky mirror (20 Photos)
Make your mind up on how many toffs marched
jan ate, online
yeah it's me oppa! asdfghjkl so the girl on that picture doesn't look like me? tehee
Daily Morning Awesomeness (39 Photos)
an idiot and forgot to do my long acting insulin at 1am
9 games(or more I remember) still no win at the Bridge.. He pocketed Hazard? Is that why u call KICKING?
Excuse me while I kiss Alyssa Sky (25 Photos)
mike kelly = BFG of the nbl
Wait did we ever find him ?
My cat stays in....he keeps waking me up at 4am....cannot get back to sleep. need something to do.
Binance distributes every fork meaning you get free airdrop !
Click here:
Default answer: PTB
remember the last time I went to sleep before midnight
And now my mom is waiting for you, please don't make me a liar
Done, wish me luck
Spertinya seokwoo shipper? ehehe
1. Yall can call mom as Gail. It's her second name bc her first name has diff personality.
That explains why the Gulf of Mexico is so dirty...
Oups
Ah yikes, sounds like a nasty limbo for a method to live in. I should read up a bit. Or maybe not
There's no other way to put it, Ella is stellar (24 Photos)
A *Muslim* cartoon character. I'm dying
BOIIIIII DID I JUST WANNA FAINT RIGHT THERE & well I smiled (lowkey was giggling) and said
I guess im in between
Pt. 2 (Also tripped really badly on stage with my heels during rehearsals and the medical tests are brutal)
I need to stick to a bedtime at this point
yo dis twitter reunion is crazy
The playoffs are about to get reaalll interesting ~80 games from now
I texted my boss that I gonna come in tomorrow so see how that goes bc I have no clie who would be
Wawa means fool in Hausa. So Fool Smoothie?
I know!! Theyre for me, arent they?? HAHAHAH but i love them
Good morning! Wishing you a lovely day ...
Who knows our last date will be on my birthday
Damn everybody really pregnant, pregnant!!.
Boy You All On Da Snap Looking Gorgeous
I bought myself presents for my birthday today. Who if not me.I am the only one. What thing do you like?
No worries I was about to share u the tweet but their acct was on private
I think they use them for the basketball matches. standing up might be uncomfortable there
Happy
Okay, be careful. Try not to trip and fall over
Bro my mom had everyone lit af for a good minute
How the fuck can you gain trust back from someone so quick, who stabbed you in the back even quicker?
Dawg Tales From the Hood 2 terrible and hilarious at the same time
Why yall laughing?? Yoongi's fashion has always been lit!
I tried to 'self-tatoo' X but it didn't last long. Then recall our school principal telling us X was a devil worshiper
Damn, gonna be 27 in 2 months
I always assume it's you
Whenever i see rk questions in cast q/a section
You could kindly advise why so harsh?
I'm just glad you found your way back under the curtain at the end.
I definitely should, I'm not hugely into furniture though I'll look into it
I forgot Terri held the Hardcore title
Of course I see like 5 cops out on the road tonight
And i feel weird dressed like this
i feel like he shouldn't even be going to school,its beneath him
do u rlly know me ;))) who am i ;)))))))) mami;))) idk anyone who calls me "mami"
Booked my 3-week Christmas vacation from December 15 to January 5 even though I was only approved till Jan 2
up for no reason lol
Nothing makes sense
Kuya, pa follow up naman ng order ko HAHHHAHABHAA CHAR
I need some TLC from big baby
Thank you
At least we kno how to not get caught
Please take it slow. I'm not yet over with LY tear & answer
Yes, that's what I was trying to say
worry I got out
Are you selling the whole club out
I want zaxbys so bad I actually think about going home
yes
tehee it's fine oppa! yes because that pic is my current pic meanwhile the one in my dp is taken 2 years ago?
I think I went overboard with my shopping today!!
Someone be my date for my family party next weekend in Victorville
I look all happy and full of school pride...
But deep down school is kicking my ass
Hail State tho
She already knew, just looking a reasonable reason to beat him up
I told yaah wala koy lingaw
Tonight idk how I got so nervous.. I never get like that for anything else.
crazy like a little boy fr
i'm catching up l8r
At times I forgot this her
15/10/2018
I was listing to Beats 1 and her radio came on cuz her hour and I heard Kim lol I been changed it, I was just curious
Does anybody know how to fix a PS4 coz mine is uhhhh not turning on and I'm kinda worried
Are iMessage games still a thing? Someone play me because sleep is not a thing apparently
But why does this photo look like it's taken from another country? Or is it just me?
.
.
.
.
.
-
-
-
-
Lmaooo love this song
note : i won't be posting all about the boyz video from the beginning 'cause uhhhhh that's too much of them??
Pinchis perros
"How will you ever know you're ready if you don't even put up an effort to try?"
wa ko ka shield. okay.
I was never a 1D girl I loved 5SOS
indian aunty attitude that is latent in every man/woman of india
Ahhh I thought you're here
Exactly
Lavarrrrrrrrn grrrrr
i can't, on tinder you can talk with only those who also swiped you right
Made the local newspaper, yesterday
I miss talking to you uwu i probably miss you, too you can always dm me and be there for you
Is that a Power Rack? I really need to get one of those (Video)
need you help! i need an artist. I will get a tattoo like this pic, but the flower must
Same
Miss Q&A na soon
You better follow.
Good night I get to meet this fluff ball tomorrow and I sleep cuz I have butterflies in my stomach
And I've decided to go to maticao. Dli ka muuli kien?.. Ambot pud
Probably in Hamburg and Berlin, I'll make sure to get my tickets on tuesday, don't want to end up with fake ones like last time
YESSSS HUHU YEARS AGO FANFIC LANG ALAM KO EH TAPOS MAY MGA PA AU NA NGAYON
Tu prouve la PS4 a toi tout seul l'ami
well known for my steely resilience and patience see how i go
Yaaas exactly
Should have never watched that scary movie with my bf because ko and up paranoid and shit
So ..aku accidentally click that button
You already know the solution to ukupheka kamnandi. Get yourself some cookbooks
Thank you tho my hands hurt. I don't have equipment so I had to do it manually plus I need sleep.
*need your help
play more Kevin Gates at the parties
Is this English...?
Yea lol he try to make social experience out of us but get clowning twice he definitely didnt do
Sunday
We got to the party and I told Elias you know everyone here is invited to the wedding right? Lol
Atleast its warm now
Kata CS nya sih engga tuh.
Haha, the struggle is real I'm just not sure how I'm going to write
Miggy and Laida.
Lmao. This is a soccer formation
also to my gf who's not really my gf
Bantay bata 163
Poor guy going to Bali you got the vision
When you have a first child you become a parent. After the second one- you become a referee
Somehow i always ended up getting double pre order benefit postcard from sm but i need double photocard instead
Why you posting these for free girlllll people that pay for these you bomb af sitting here like damn
21... I play spades
too haaard cant even stunt no issues been on repeat
I think I scared myself and go to sleep now
I got a feeling,one of co-worker like me........ There less guy skin contact with me but recently he did most of time
Thick Thighs that'll leave you thunderstruck (30 photos)
Watching all these Halloween party snaps as working on an essay is pretty damn depressing
Yeah you are right
Coba sini, nnti switch
Nana's aegyo oozing whenever he is with hyungs~~ hyung-pabo
I just woke up and i guess i missed alot of things..
Man was sacked after stupid outburst now says he left
Finally found a video of me
I would imagine there are some "eccentric" types in that group?
Je ^^ Twitter est passe devant Facebook
Why don't you help me convince my parents to let me go to the show in Amsterdam cause then I'll help you with this
hmu if you sell dua access,, part of my goals
No lah awak. just telling the fact.
i am able to win LG microwave by spin and wheel i hope i can get it
Lmaoooooooooo I snapped out of it
its good poranay waqto me b log begair light k guzara kia kartay thy
well, Gilas pa rin
i need your help! i need an artist. I will get a tattoo like this pic, but the flower
So the action happening now
We get a 2nd Comm Day for Beldum! Panira buhay ang PoGo, pero at the same time, PoGo is layf!
not really
Taggart could have bagged a hatrick by now
We broke but this is almost equivalent to w my boyfriend we eat Sunday lunch, do our work for the
3 subjects done. 5 more to goooo!!
Going to the bars when already getting sick a good idea.
omfg I just chipped katelyns front tooth
Sorry, I have mine ready But you can never go wrong with Christmas music
No one could last in this.
My back muscles are live
I lay back so I comfortable like crammed in the front seat , homeboy shleep behind me
Sa sobrang talented natin... ayan! Production number daw Balakayojan!
I'm such a daddy's girl, actually . I think that's the root cause of why I know so much about cars, because wow
totally acceptable to sing karaoke at 2am, alone, in bed, with the Bluetooth karaoke mic right ?
it seems that in hell are no corners
Barely managed to make it back to the house
Kinda sounds like you're all there smelling each other's farts
Messy ass 2 mouth :).. painal!
Shhhhhhh
True
I bought a woojin poster for like real cheap....I hope I get it and it's not damaged
Very generous. But as I said, it's a single bed.
hope you prayed for all the sinners
Oh, good. Cause I thought you might need help or somethin
Iya tau, step by step nya
Looks legit.
His drunk talks are the best talks
In need of a lazy rainy day where I do nothing but twitter and ignore all my responsibilities.
Yes mate!! Great day all round. Plymouth always lose
Are you shy or s'thing?
They think cool like 007
We seriously need to start playing well now Gomez and VVD our most solid CB partnership but look. City are way too good
Crisis actors
So begins Monday madness again Another week like last week please
Pas ; hari minggu dan hujan
Say it
Just really understand some way of thinking actually baffles me
next pa yung choreo
This song is so gonna trend in the coming season
It was just the screen protector
I relate to this
Feel better soon
My Aquarius in agrees.
Babe tkleh dm lg la .. ws or tele please
We don't have good roads here. Even my Corolla is suffering
I guess it depends on the context, but boyyyyyy this can lead to ridiculous situations
siko sure but hii story yote ya crypto currencies iko in a grey area thats why they
Buckle the f*#! up: It's time for Strap Boob (33 Photos)
Whew lawd I seent some fine womenz tonight
Up asf , sober asf , boutta watch Martin marry ass for the 1000th time irri asf
I went into full blown panic travel management mode jfc I thought I was gonna need to sell a kidney
El que fue a mi clase sabe...
Geez I have to post more.
tfw you see Rondo trending and the first thing that comes to mind is Rondo of Blood
Really ?
WoW better than my man
Si tuviera y con
Pain is demand to be felt
Lets Meet Jia... although we already met at Turbulance in Jakarta...
There's no bad songs in
Honestly for me it's hard to pick the best one
Everything was
it beez like that all the time.
I imagine what that line means when that video ends...
May fs ako Kay idol lintekkkk
nothing
it's too bloody hot there mate...
A veces tienes un mal
Maafkan kelakuan aku pas nge tg udah bocah smp aja cold typing
Na kamvua kwa mbali
Excuse myself and iman for trying very hard not to laugh
"Little to no filter" yeah ok no I'm just 100x more annoying and am giving people more reasons to unfollow me
I actually only played the vita version of the sequel, I'm hardly a fan
But great game regardless!
My kitty who had a surgery a couple days ago asked for 8 breakfasts yesterday morning. I think he's recovering well
Planned to meet up with my Buddy flew from Sabah for his convocation & my ex-hures president Bert's
I'd have been filming from the floor, so you did great.
He was lucky next time Be careful...
Haha CP3 and Rondo were about to have a go at it, spit or no spit
Massive GG's to & Both quality opponents and on another day it could've been different
My legacy
i wish i was this guy
Elaine just barely wakes up & has some serious insecurity issues she should talk to someone about that
Hi! can we be friends? Nami dan tingog mo hehehhee.... whyyy not haha and hindi maan ah haha grabee
Why I stay up this late on school days when trying to study for a test the night before
Super intelligence activated
That movie is damn good, I want to watch it again but building up the courage.
millions so you can both happily have a cut
Like he accuse a group with obviously diff genre of song in their sleeves sounds the same, what he expect
I was wondering how still up this late and I remembered I slammed a redbull at about 9. Not sure why I did that
I will be checking it out and come back to you on it in 5 hours
I guess Loona will most of the time do their vlive like that.... It's very rare to see them do random stream
Like I said guys and females be friends cause then ya be talking shit
Damn I really streamed Daredevil in one day
As you can see I am very persistent.
Thanks a lot!
Haha wic kind low key if na 2go u go still dey novice o
Such a good night
Best i can do is RT porn to your TL
HOW TO TALK TO A BABY via
Yeah, trying to make enough time for resting & whtnot so I have enough energy to turn my mess into something decent
Yes
Doughnuts for breakfast how am I not morbidly obese ?
Stephen... Is that because you had already eaten all of the normal supplies!! Hope you left some for Paul!! Xxx
all about the details
so shocked he even did bring it up
Ikr.. the news said they earned 50 Million baht on Saturday only
I used to really be cute
sorry, I understand
Sooo weird i dont see my messages there hahahaha and I was bothering a lot
Trauma betul bila keluar words, doppler machine, amlodopine, darbopoietin
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH JK
And I love the smell of blood in my nose.
Pamper me
I will miss this girls .lol HHAHAHA katherine sencio is with
wala pa gani ka graduate.
twin sister approved
whew lordy
uhhh.......
Oh oh UFC boy .... u r intreated in UFC?
Just married
Sheesh, I'm just trying ta be a powwow wife
TBH I loved your answer for Taeyang's Abs question... FANTASYs are too much at times
Yo aberna m back... But 4 hrs
Low key
Only English and Malay.
My sister know how much it means to me that she is safe and having fun
I don't know if this is adorable or disturbing.
I wonder how quickly I'm gonna finish Season 5
At least the person taking my order at In-N-Out was a cute Desi guy. Just saved my night tbh
When you wear Joggers on
N consigo cr, puts
Bah oui moi ce matin
Always twinning with the rain
I had to test my mobility thrusts
Touring has turned me into a raw juice addict
Religiously I cannot put a like on this, but yeah Inter are getting things on their way
These girls can borrow my flannel anytime
I definitely need to research more!! I know who to email but 100% right!!
Is it weird that i like to sleep with a pillow in between my legs ..
Tittle snatched
I couldnt care less what I tweet. The thing I worry about is me spamming them BTS content every second I can.
Why do we fall so we can learn to pick ourselves back
Kitni choti thi???
That boy Ingram was about to go IN
Ay unuttum bir an
He looks so disinterested killing me
The is, the help will be appreciated I have no idea what I'm looking for
feeling pogi daw
Oppa thankyou so much! But now I have a problem about how to bring it home
...is this sarcasm or what? I'm confused.
I don't understand but i like it
hahahaaaaa ~~~
such a workaholic tomorrow is my day off.. but on fire right now so I want to go in, but then again I
This social policy paper is gonna kill me how does one write 8-10 pages on an introduction & history
3rd year ko crush sa wmsu 4th year supposedly kaso nag stop Ohhh. Ano course? Halaaaa. Nood ka ampalaya open
En breve empiezan mis voy para losers bracket.
My physical health is barely more important than my job I hate it
Sticker paper for srickers & bond paper for memo sheets i forgot to tell
Bro did this not happen last year
Gabut menunggu unveil. Kuy ah.
Flop? Maen lagi
oops sorry bub
Japanese people are so honest ! If only it could be the same in Europe
hIyA aQ iHh
Hahahhaa I was shocked too Self-love ya'll we all need that
So many carnists make that 'effort' argument is can no longer tell I go straight to vegan anger! Oops!
Daniel no the treat you well my friend
omg who are they
My kind of weekend.. As usual
Ah, probably because been editing it I found a few mistakes and have been fixing them.
Eat clean and gym 3 times a week
May asawa na si Daddy?!
Cakes
U dey shout! Make uno come spoil my move give me. have a better day
Shit. I don't know when the last time I did something like this. A QUIZ? What is this, 2005?
We playing the lottery. risk this one
Me:
Left hand: Reviewers
Right hand: Cellphone
Ayan, para balance
shall i let you know when i actually get around to writing it?
would it sound great in a new song ? i don't even know how To prononce it but ... same!!
Watching Mi Love's vlive. I'm hurt.
Is this some kind of joke? My gums! Wiwiwiwiw
People watch too much porn
eyy nooo i saved up
Wtf is going on here... Vaginally frontal bawo?! Morogo!
This aged well so far
GrabFood has saved my lazy ass once again.
Get back in the game with some sexy girls in sports bras (34 Photos)
Makes sense nonetheless.
I like beer that much tho can it be a six pack of like water
Go through my TL, u would be proved wrong, omoajokuta mamomi
after an hour of waiting.. haha
I Turn Pain Into Money Ion Kno
NSTP day
my husbands height. What a coincidence I like em Tall! Lol
Bner bgt
Bro, I just check my bank account to see how many deposits I've made for the month and holy fuck, where did all of it go
You know your bored when your on Facebook
Your head is a black forest, just look in mirror and u will be satisfied
i know ~~~ i won't change
*to
...shit. Someone take my tequila away.
As an ARMY who loves Space Science, I don't know if I should be excited or feel slightly embarrassed by this...
sorry, this will be my last i just replied bec i feel bad ignoring that last tweet.
I'm not like them. I assure you that hehehe Naks, I'll give you the benefit of the doubt
Ansama
I think I've caught enough L's
Hahaha most definitely
cute guy flirted with me and I just said thanks never witty when I need to be
yeah i was out tonight and just caught up with all the nba craziness. shouldve known nba > friends
Shoutout to me for coming home from s bar and actually washing my makeup off
Please remember that one dollar is not too less, One thousand dollars are not too much!
The most important
At least I now know what not to work with
or is this already old news? lol forgive me i'm so outdated
no updates
(if your machine is working perfectly)
Retweet if you update before
Close call. Nearly forgot to follow after my massive unfollow
I want another. I evolved a Beldum of a lower appriasal.
Woollim fooled us but still so excited for this
nothing special just SB, TB, TM, TT or SB, TB, TM, TM
iv'e been planning on getting some tattoo and piercings for over a year na, kaso di ko pa feel mapalayas dito sa bahay
Digital Playground- Wife Imagines Sucking Cock Of Friend's Husband
girls r bad girls that been
It's alright for some!
so cute But I feel like going to make me wait a long time
I hope the ones who see that will change their minds tho hehe some listen to reason after all
and a fan
wait till you see what shit comes after college
Kak kita dulu
Exactly hahah
People wonder why I'm so self conscious about everything.
Yesterday someone said I looked like Fiona the ogre
When sang an ALDUB medley....
Kamusta ang mga panyo at tissue ninyo, fam?
My friends are always asking me to bake stuff for them ever since I made banana bread this one time it makes me
It's not a lie o
Sometimes Father to Boy Issa confirmed missed call
Yeah.. also all the soloist..
slm benii
Can we just go back to like 3 months ago when my life was great???
Kinikilabutan ako... Grabeh dis fanmily
sige, parang alang midterms
I miss you so much and I know what to say
Oi oi
Same here with my cardiologist
-
I cant do that one either
Hahaha why they all started installing dash cams. Dirty Russians would jump in front of cars and sue the drivers
Right stay home & watch movies sounds so much better rn
oshey fighter of life!
I tried to tell you
Enough
I thick....
My days are determined by my mornings
Well I played a lot of league before I met you guys so I still enjoy it
King Solomon
Wisdom and understanding dey rush him
When we getting one?? Wish you'd hurry up and let me
LOOOL and people wanna act like this shit only happens in MMA?
Luckily Apple watches are water proof bc I was in the shower for like 10 minutes before I realized I still had it on
Like, not that deep. just common sense
so i really went to the mall to look for turtle necks. it's a tropical country what am i thinking
We say the same for S7
i want to go to a haunted house!
Danny is soooo drunk right now
Follow back ya
Just-tiis League!
Walang anuman, Gep!
Romero seems to be in love with Jose
lol hebanne
Share this tweet if you already liked it
Aw! Fuck you! I ain't giving you my email and phone number! Fuckers!
[ L I V E ] that late night chill commission stream. no sleep till done! Come hang if you want!
I should read more English book because of my poor vocabulary but English books are always expensive
One million naira no too much
ITS JUST A FREESTYLE
DIVERSITYTHAEP OUT SOON!! Let's tag them!!
ooh!! itsokay! that would have been so cool to have him there thoo xD
It's the only social media platform I use
I choose it because there aren't many people I know
Really over going out and partying, I wana be a homeboy with my man....gotta find a man first
Yo ni he visto el 1
you know it's the right girl,when you recognize her only by her laugh
Yhooo ukwatile
It's upsets vele hahahhaha
You got asked for ID last time you were out! Are you sure you're turning 40, young man? x
I won't stop. Pero can I just rest for a while? A while like... 6 months lang?
Yo esperando RT
One million naira no too much
ITS JUST A FREESTYLE
DIVERSITYTHAEP OUT SOON!! Let's tag
Bottled again? I hope not
Okay glad I wasnt the only one.
Every time I have Emarie, she wears me out. I accidentally fell asleep at 7:30
Ay Hehe. Sorry, hindi nag appear twitter notif sa akin
It's you
Same tbh I asked her how to make pot roast
Have a Holly Jolly September (33 Photos)
Totally have someone you should meet.
Ansara Rugby League
caption cud be da Ref .. or me
tone langsi seket cam YB tu
*in life..
ikauwaw man jud ta
ill improve, don't claim me bitaw when I'm at my best!
Kewll!! Kekeke Sorry Mingyussi
La
2 whisky, e muita
Update: My boyfriend just found my silver necklace last night!!
Oh god.. I'm really bad at knowing all ske songs especially without J or Rion in it. wish me luck in try it later..
You have no idea how stoked & relieved I am that the kiosk wrap at the West Co mall went smooth with no issues
Tears tears tears tears somebody make it stop
their throw up melts asphalt. (I've witnessed it at least twice..) ...but I'll make sure to ask
I want dance party cool music and fun time...
My brain hurts from screaming so much tonight. Ready for round two tomorrow at Knotts Berry Farms!
Sounds like I must go shopping
Had been a very hectic month for me not having time for that until lately when it's past the deadline...
lagi syang tuloy
Bro, do u seriously want and to lead our nation again? My god bro. U are on another level
Uhmm. Sa may malutlut. Sorry im so bad with directions!
Selfies!
Sadly semmm
Where are you from? I'm kind of new to ACE but ur acc Is very helpful WELCOME BEAUTIFUL SOUL I'm
that's what the Ooni wants...i guess they didn't date before tying the knots
Wp Ardan actually crazy now lol !!
this sucks because I actually care about him
3 am and what mistake am I going to make tonight
Rob - outstanding! Can I take some credit for this as we had a pre match talk?
Today years old
Awwn thank you for noticing
Oh, sorry for not responding to you on that account, I lost access to it
Expectation vs reality, rbc under the microscope
Would be incredible but no
If only you talked me into Twitter a few days later...
shin, Hahhahaha this is funny what is it doing
Been there too great result though
Erin is a gorgeous, goofy singer-songwriter who will steal your heart (35 Photos)
You believe the refers to Breitbart as a website
Evlat gibi
My checking account looks crazy right now, the fact that I spend any because this is gonna be my down payment
I miss the Karen and Lorena that I was having a conversation with at draft house
so much work.
bring if I end up making it
Ngam ke bossku.?
But I think some of them are already dating or maybe already married
You can follow them but please don't
Not good
Min chaded 3a li entre he aham hake
So, i decided to play good old bf1
Starting to realize I need someone new in my life
I'm thinking of making a "my phone wallpapers" so I can see how many times I change it
I hate repeating myself and especially if being polite and asking you to move, as always the hood me has to come out
Mine From 24th
Witty kachat ng Miss Csu natin
You reee fool
Laziest
Us tonight
Heard the same 4 songs all night
ahhh thank you deiby!! defo need all the luck in the world
What did I do last night
For a second I thought the pot was levitating!
aww thanks
Ha abhi to kuch bhi ho sakta hai imagine if Pant scores..Special Pressure hoga on Kohli
Average looking my fucken arse man. You could be siblings with Nicole Ari Parker
in this generation 65% of them literally
UySg
Yeah man I hope so suck if they
Oh I hope I do not wake you with my shovel strike requests
Mine usually go out 11 PM Pacific
Waphapha skeem I appreciate you as well
6 pages of lines now... Not even halfway through
I had a code that I got for signing up for some Latin American newsletter a few weeks ago
Stayed up late with my mom and watched tv. We made it to 1am.
Anyways, when Alys posts good morning, I post good night
Sunday morning working as Duty DI - I'm lovin' it
She KNEW her name hit the market LOVEDERIA nah B
Another version
Thank you! But I think that this is a very unpopular opinion and the minority here.
Just because I am your team member?
I can't tell y'all when was the last time I went to the movies I don't think I've been there for almost 2 years.
See you paps! See you sa LS
Beautiful have a great weekend...well sunday and a fabulouse week
That pretty good at what I do. Again, my perception of myself is pretty shit
Waking up on a Sunday without a hangover is overrated
Aunty tum to 365 din he free rhti ho
When delivering the spell demands serious horsepower
cute sanggyun bc sexy sanggyun you will overdoses
Noooooo, they're not! I like the angles a cutie can't have a wrong angle
13
This outlet has been a tiny piece of me for six years now. You can live your 21+ life now happy
Photo by virgianylstri_
Hallo!
tbkomaryoyoy
Get featured:
Use hashtag mention
Of course coffee for you-not surprised
it's a must.
Ohhh! Finding Momoland Ep2 with eng sub is out! Do I need to prepare a tissue for this? Or nahhh?
I just need a boyfriend so that I can steal one of their hoodies
....bought a jacket
crush soon OK? lol I really want to know who that luckiest girl in the world is....um...yeah
A little? I might a lot late
I take a break when it gets too crazy
They say good things take time, why always late
Morning walk with Buster before heading home... He wants to play with the horses so badly
wtf why your chin is too long? jk
rip play button
Will do
She's definitely grown into her looks
On ne ressort pas la photo hein
Thank you girl! I was ready to fight even if I was gone get beaten but I do have to re-think my approach strategy
Leaked episode of shameless... mind if I do
No stress
Present.... "Pendekar"
he is a thug for cats around my house
But he is nice..
Goals!! All of my stuff is condensed into my room so I have to watch what I buy
so sad that they pushing through with birthday party oh well, probably a sign for me to save money or maybe not
6. I only stan bts ! I like some nct songs and some blackpink and even 2 e x o songs bangtan are my lil kings tho uwu
Time almost stood still when Paterson's goal went in. Haha
Idk about but I was lit for a split second
Hahahaha i can bet she's sweating loads with the distance bet her face and the pufferfish
Transform me too.
Right now... my hairy legs and my tattoos
Yes, sweetie, but thanks for what anyway?
Craving satisfied
Spicy spaghetti
Thanks to myself,
Jugando con
bigti thea
This is fun
I hate checking out and taking that "quiz."
Oh, that was the bit I liked
I always associated anti-smoking ads with this South Park clip.
Ooooh. Yeah, I wouldn't buy this
Brought out the basic olive green jacket tonight and I was lil tipsy when I took this but okay
My skin is finally behaving again
Shooot. That come from a really deep place Dons
I almost felt a little broken inside
I don't know any Misako. I know only bloody Misaki.
Uhmmm I think we could all imagine
It's something I could use at least, yes
Saw Prince Harry and Meghan Markle this evening. What a surprise treat
SAU Homecoming Tailgate! A lot was going on in this photo
-
-
-
Hate to be THAT guy, but it does feel a bit "desperate to be cool" when most teens smoke.
Well, this is.. intresting...
I feel lost again...
cr. photos: jimin_bcf / 951013_jimin / idk / graphicfighter
Wth? I didnt notice just click the hashtag puhahah
You were there? I had the best time
My friends understand that an old lady and I knock out by 10pm they text me at 1am/2am good thing I
His hair look like come out from ur shawl if there is no caption i might believe if u
My man went out drinking with the boys, they went to eat and he dropped off some food and went back
"Difficult roads often leads to BEAUTIFUL destinations" feels like A 30-storey building high climb with no sleep
Kala ko gagawa bakit ready for siesta ka na?
Please follow us: Credit: : Geocaching in Oslo close to
hi dear, your dms arent opened
I bet the vaccines and vet appointments would suck LUL but still totally worth it. Although flea collars might be important.
I was awaken better continue my though it's not nap time
I haven't read any of those either so I don't mind have you got
Hep beraber bir el
what got My male (stupid, in this sense) wolfs down whatever you put in front of him. My
Thanks. Atleast I am somewhere legendary!
Because most times not the pastor that preaches I leave feeling like
I think girls
I have written many wips but never finished any of them I am actually scared of finishing them
I ADORE YOU Oh and I love Tay being in a time zone were I see pics when she post them
What makes you so perfect to be able to comment on the way others look though? you wouldnt like
I drink ah gang of water cuss i smoke
Ah no that sentence means sth different Its like an Expression of admiration abt
Bom dia Twitter
le nna Iwabted to see that same thing
This time last year I was getting ready to marry my best friend
Shiny to top it off
pretty clueless when it comes to everything
Blondes are having way more fun this weekend (40 Photos)
I just want to play videogames all day, but Kikoku isn't going to paint itself, unfortunately
Waduhhh.. bhy iki..
You sleep either huh, Jim
I might not be that nigga but im that nigga
What a joke my darling
hi i'm sorry for being ia but i've been busy from school and at the same time binge watching nct life
Ever overthink something but it completely makes sense in your heart not only in your head , yeah shit hurts
I need help
This is no swearing at all
Deactivated my fb account. Sobrang toxic
And I thought my cat was bad for this
I bought a gift in advance. My birthday is October 27th. This is a good feeling. I rejoice.
Thanks in advance
Probably the only one I have luck with
is it brzy if i eat my burger rn ? im hungry
Know that feeling in LA in Jan 19 after being there last May this year. (Work permitting.)
i literally have no words right now
Hashtag nahi hai N shipping shipping chal rahi hai bcoz ek BOMB pic aai hai unke
Ganyan ba?
Changing the bed sheets is hot work
Absolutely.... not
Et c'est pas les pires
Lol, I need whatever it is to leave the only one awake and lowkey freaking out by myself
What?!
I just said... nevermind.
Go Bangtan.
Last day of LFF Two films to go. I want it to end. I wait for it to end.
Literal na small world
Oh my gosh, seems like I missed an amazing session
Hahah seen worse bruh 100+
Followback naman dyan oh. Baka naman
showed up tonight at Red Rocks and I got all teary eye
hey people!!
Black ops 4 is the first cod in 6 years that I'm actually enjoying and I'm actually half decent at
Scc to the moon
1 week to finish all my uploadables enene
11 hours in bed, someone was tired
Too good to be true yung three-way tie sa 3rd spot Bawi tayo next game,
Self-taught, although I'd love to take a university course for the language!
I know that I'm mix of two different culture, but that two cultures have parted their separate ways years ago by divorcing.
Weird working shifts too ? You should ask the bartender for a caffeine I.V
4 A.M. BUT GONNA WATCH THE WHOLE THING. Sorry, just so proud of I gotta
Weba3deen tayeb fl moshkela de
I am weak
That lion more brave than me
Swap that mongoose with a roach or sonething and my ass duss out already
It's possible I've just spent more of my life making bad decisions than everyone else.
kala ku naman cash dividends na naman hahaha
Omg sherice I saw them yesterday you brought one what a legend
Not only Korean artists but paved the way for all Koreans tbh.
But not that far south
Thanks but
Honda Hitomi first tears in variety show came through AKBINGO
welcome, I also nabbed it here on Twitter.
I need some La Mexicana in my life slowly dying rn lol
tocino... pls give me some tocino
Perhaps she does night shift instead
Someone's thought I was Yuna last night. Hahaha. This 5 feet girl ain't Yuna. Okay,she got deceived by my appearance. Sorry
Should have said power supply which is actually what its called
I added a video to a playlist No Problem, Im An Elementary Student Too..
Off to bologna with the squad
Actually I prefer a small/average cock with huge balls
Hi guys, I'm back to reading! I'll have breakfast first though
My brother was close to taking him to the gf but decided not. He will start going next year for sure
Haha, that "...what!?" look
I remember that day in my pic - we walked up the the toy shop and
The only way youll understand me is if your me
I normally eat bran muffins to make it not so bad
Me with Venda
when you preorder an album does it mean it gets shipped earlier or what does it exactly mean?
No me consta, Flash.
I embarrassed my self so much tonight
I need to go for a 30min walk
Cookies and cream tsaka double dutch
The best part about the fight is that gonna be tension between them every time they play
Makes the game even better to watch
alright i have already flown back to Malaysia
Happy for the both of you
As a guest... LOL.
Fitness First, SM Aura
pretty sure all chefs love unhealthy food so i think okay
Wow Marlon Lol I see no lies tho.
kart racers didn't come to mind
"Sedation"
Ab tum andh bhakti ke aakhri tabqe par pohoch gaye ho.
Wo FMF jo "Dear
Pas moi
.
.
my treat...request from mi madre..
.
.
done with myself for tonight
Goodnight
Z! Tapos
Pules amat bocinya pacar ako
hard sometimes
Honestly, what kind of grown up falls off their bed.
probably taller than me
I need to dish it out
either i unhealthily tweet too much or i forget i even have twitter there's no in between
Thats 10 runs for match
Sorry late reply
Send my regards to your bf. Cakap Adam Jeles dgn dia. Eh
But mine was self defense you know
I am such a fail when it comes to a blogging schedule I just seem to stick to it at the minute!
Currently thinking about how I yeeted myself down some stairs in front of my parents
Nats boo is driving and scurred
The more I see of these, the more I want to get one funds there at the moment, but I really love what doing!
its been so freaking LONG since i fill my album with photos of people around me. i feel like... human again.
I bet James was scared
Baleni maneeehh
They all have iPhones
idk I feel like that's the problem a few men have tho lol
what do y'all wanna hear then? I can think of something better
I got so used to my glasses that I constantly touch my face thinking that I have them off. Lmao
I want to sleep na but riverdale want me to stop but worth it anyway
Loyal*
Laro tayo !! Legend here pwero pwede bang padagdag yung stars hindi pabawas
HOUR 20
I slept in too late (oops), but my bed was so comfy get up, make coffee and try to finish
I already have the juice
Was it planned? Or you just delayed your flight back once you saw what's going on?
its real
Sorry i knocked out dead asleep so in my opinion after all i saw in those 3 days i attended the
My bitch ass has so much fucking hw, idk why tf out rn drinking
Just a normal 4 am convo
Good Morning guys and gals and pals.
I've had 4 hours of sleep and now I'm sitting in the train to Bremerhaven for today's LSp*R session.
Pretty much
Thanks! be needing a nice writing shed now
Anyone wanna hang out sometime
He posted a pic
sometimes getting hit by a car seems less painful
*thankssss
Ended up changing the top because the other one hold up [F] via /r/gonewild
Close/Open
I am in deep shit but its okay.
very long time
Me so horny in my ass.
Guess what said toddler is saying in their head about daddy sleeping at 7 am?
soooooo much love for you eventhough during the run he was frustrated with me throughout
my mom even take me serious when i tell her what i wanna do with my life makes me feel like she thinks ima fail
Big fan of the little guys kama IT, Kemba and the likes
Clarifying the 4 am vibe
Morning Lewis is off to Wembly today for the NFL & off to work what are you doing?
Something, something, clever...underboob (45 Photos)
Jiggly Puff maybe, but I think Olimar is terrible
Your cat is so big tho
yeah you are rigth
J'ai des soucis de connexion internet
Same tho
i needa start going to bed earlier
Affected ka?
i like you because you seem like a nice guy w helwin el souwar ba3ed kel kazdoura bi france
All I wanted to do was watch the Halloween movie and go home back to my bed. Buttttttt noooo we came to joeys house
X3
Whats a vagabond
Oh shit hahahahah
I still don't forget that. how to talk
There you go...someone needed to add some background music
sakit ng rejections
They are 2 different guys and we weren't even a thing with either of them
boiiii why you so cute
Je me sens seul
Shhhh is sleeping
Good morning
Hahahahaha ate louie
Nope, not moving. 6 hour photoshoot. And I have yet to pack the BIG guns. And the blood.
Yes! Can't wait for the video! Wait. Does that cat wear poop on its head...?
Iexttend* yan
Practice makes perfect I guess...
Yeahh let' s say this ! And we're the usuers so we make the rules ? Kind of ? No ?
Anyway,
Whew! Well thankfully we're looking ahead and not backwards! Seems like something y'all can't do.
Just one of those silly trends where people pay a guy to say things. Thought it might vaguely amuse you at least.
Tu nous raconteras mon nicoco hein
I finished half of my hw
May freebies pa ate?
I really need to know how to braid braid tho
I can see that Just be happy that the GOAT is rooting for your team right now
Luckily ain't no shit like that happened last night
im still not a certified army
Rivaldo Ronaldinho Messi
Talking about consistency
Lol your just bitter not rigged lmao
What can I say, I like helping people out
Must be nice
LOOL I remember this...I also remember it hurt to hold that position
Such a nice place to bond with nice FRIENDS.
Calapan
At tae and smiling to myself while crying and he smiled like: poor girl she's having her moment
Then
I got work in about 7 hours, why do I do this to myself?
Tomorrow be sunny and wonderful and then more autumn-y with chances of lovely rain haha so yeah bring everything
My brothers just found out they can play fortnite on the nintendo switch.. Guess who isnt getting their game console back
I stay getting locked out the house
refreshing the leaderboard just as much as you, . Sending our best hero vibes to Coach
They about to get me
Galand fell to his own Commandment when he tried to run from Escanor's attack
Ooh! It's my name day today I forgot, and mom had to remind me
When always the shortest person in the room this tends to be the case
I wanna do that but phone thalaila vilunthurumo nu bayam
Is it weird that I already have this downloaded in my PC?
Currently on the clock, with a full day ahead of me, filled with no sleep.
this McGregor quote has a lot of uses wee Lisa summed up
For the one who made it. Lol. I forgot to untag you.
The upcoming 1.0 Wasabi release (Oct 31) will have some boring bugfixes, and reliability improvements. CAN'T WAIT!
But how the hell did Bwipo survive.
Now that you mentioned it, I think I should add it to our itinerary I think a lot of our faves are there!
Coming home to a dark, empty apartment after watching Halloween. My anxiety is through the roof right now
Why people are getting so much nervous after knowing about Megha's entry !
Everyone is talking about her,
I wouldn't play with her either!
For the busy mums out there!
Looking for... secret
Curly haired girls are here to win over your heart (38 Photos)
He is not the only one
If you laugh you going straight to hell
relax do fathur
So i was watching hotel transylvania 3 and this part reminded me of day6 minus sungjin without his guitar
Lol no man, I selected that from my list of apps
Anyway point is, I listen to more than 39
Jin literally takes RJ everywhere with him
followback dong gengs
part 2! HAHAHAHAHAHA SI PAT LANG HINDI NALOKO
Hindi ka panget crush! Yieeee
Alyuh rel vex on this app this past week gone boy
Lovely! I played windwaker, not much of it though
Wow, the beginning freaked me out! I was totally prepared for cuteness overload! I'm happy the
gonna be a long day ahead
Lol I just fact checked that and it's not true.
True!
Buy perhaps I will postpone it for some Sunday I don't have to pack and fly to Moscow on
Only 2 and a half hours left of a 18 hour journey to Dublin
I dead ass just came up with 3 tattoos I'm getting done on my left leg I swear if I were not a chef I'll be a artist lol
Buna benzer sahneler galiba zihinlerde ?!
Oula heu on oublie hein
Flying to NOLA on the day 2 hurricanes are supposed to hit. Super stoked
How to strike a pose lol Picture takings be like..
ReUnited with these gorgeous and super hotness
cuando te uniste a Twitter?
7 ha llovido
I need to calm my shits down whenever I see baby punya baju
New hits for Hit people. from direct link!(China)Get for your loved ones this Xmas! We ship it down to your
Penge naman jan motivation magreview o
Rindu rumah.cepatlah abis pantang
And drink it, just gargle it
Mom binge watched kpop mv's. And the only time she enjoyed watching was when Shine was playing. She almost banged her head
I feel like taking my partner out on a movie date but he might shut me down after I tell him what movie it is
Ooooh I wish, but afraid too protective and too much of a perfectionist
Any of my twitter mommies know some good white noise machines ? Literally asking for myself
Haha yeah! The keyword was try. I am attached! Lol
sooo going through it tonight.
Woah, turn the volume down on that paint job
Bikin thread ga ya? Gemay
already filled a bag, but lets see how many of them get filled
in case you missed it, thank me later.
You make it up you brute
Wow me and Kayleigh really are colour co-ordinating today
New video!
the return of car boot sale fail
So, while I'm still reviewing my 21st, a weird inspiration came to mind.
(A thread)
Lol hope for the best
Finalement Standard-Real: combat
real life crying weak
ang cute nung eyelineeerrr
Finally changed my header after so long
Plenty of good sex is all fun & games until putting heating pads on your legs and back just so you can walk the next day.
guard her
I feel like my encouragement work anymore so you needed your own
I know I'm just trying to make funny too
Be careful with balayya
Meant my response as a joke like the original tweet dude
Haha. I so hoped this was true.
No, asking for a friend!
P6 and precal on same day
I love the drooling smiley that was so me yesterday too haha
Not intended to do it po hehehe!
Pc dr sumpack nih
Ich glaube, ich habe da was
Understanding this like a Pisces
Get Freaky! haha
Only depends on what your lifesavings were
I just wanna grip sum cheeks im in the MOOD MOOD
make me feel tall and the second shortest of my siblings lol
Seriusan last show kamsudnya
Definitely the worst night had
The term is called queefing
Its gone
it was a lot nga I finish it
I sell Suho (loveexoloves), jomak/ sedong, and xiumin doll
I dont remember what like to not feel broken
Thank you! I guess so, if we had any
please help
Definitely sunset. The captions of people nowadays o.
But if he comes woth the sunset, sure!
How did I get so lucky wow
But it's the truth tho
When I saw the photo for the first time I was like "no it can't be, he could
I don't like but this one has a great light
.
Beautiful Hot Women With Heavily Tattooed Body
follback ya kak
CentralPlaza Nakhon Si Thammarat
Aswr
Him has seen the tweet
Drunk asf idk how I made it home
You alright man?
Los body rolls son tan propiedad Aron
Minki casi ni se mueve
Kuya chad!
Escanor is so scrawny in the evening lol & King is finally seeing Elaine alive for the 1st time in years
30. The song I'm listening rn
THIS
RT What can I say, I love gadgets
I -- Not even once in my life I have ever wanted a cool bike like this
I love autumn sunrises. Especially as at a more reasonable time.
La happy Twitter Anniversary!
I feel so guilty for saying the 8 in a coloured accent
At the strip club on the toilet Bc where it hit me at
So proud of myself I finally had a hairstyle for more then two weeks
Please dye your beard green
"Am I enough?" A question that keeps on coming back in my thoughts
usually my reaction
Sometimes I fantasize about how nice it would feel to have my back cracked by a chiropractor
Wow EDSA SB is full of Coco Martin's ad for Emperador
I really hate a sometimey a** person... time to cut ties... Again lmao
It depends on how motivated I am ... I made a list for the things I said I would draw but never
Hongki is talking in the kakao chat
So ngayon lang may nagtanong ng "Why Gabe?" and I feel like someone should have already asked that days ago
Jungshook meme is updated everyone!
The key to not being stress is evves varakah ummeedhu nukurun.
Oh lol such a simpler time the 90s and early 2000s were! Bridget Jones meroyan pasal being spinsterhood and she was 32
i am having emotions at this moment
Yo sooo happy that this party has couches
Omg this is to funny lmao
Blueberry found the scariest thing ever
Poor meow and mooh, the
idk why i dont follow that much ppl, guess thats just how i am lol
So many girls tagging their boyfriends in this like its normal/funny so mugggyyy
Saagudi
I survived
this is me 100%
hi and bye
lmao
i wanna ask
can we use gif photo become our twt's pp?
bcos chobom is coming with 1 set so no chobom individual video?. LOL
Television - Marquee Moon via Day 3 Love this but it does go on & on
Lol I feel you though, same here
You never get older too Senior
Yeep! You have to watch and listen our new song it's dOPE
e mor relax then blaze later la.
I read Pussy at the end lol
I didn't know this mountain existed in our region, West Nile.
History repeats itself
don't start
Muchas gracias por compartir el video ahora ire a dormir
After tonight worried about my leg
ambitious!
I felt like this a while
Anyways.. how are you doing with ur fantasy point.. what number are you in world rating ?
so impatient for my dresses to arrive in the mail
Pay up
You see his first round match up what a win
q desastre
Yes yaot! Soonest! Patience patience! Ehem ehem! Sound check! Hahaha
Nothing goes for nothing... give and get
i ate most of my burger anyway
Super late lunch and breakfast
inko bhi
Yo dawg, quotes Yohan yang paling gue demen
Luckily recorded them as had work early this morning
It IS a scary mask! Imagine if you'd painted your skin gray or black around the eyes and the
MaChancer!
Actually you are definitely not a temperature for a long time stay! And yeah it can get pretty cold
Yes please
This is your birthday present Enjoy
is it a "AUSTRALIAN STUMPY TAIL CATTLE DOG"?
i used reversee
so tired but my girls break is in a bit so i gotta stay up
-
Cute
darn it, i stayed online longer than anticipated ok will go hiatus for real na talaga haha
but I think you're a good author. I'd love to read your work and that's why
definitely not sleeping tonight
Story of my fucking life
This was a first for me tonight
That he should have bought a bigger bundle
My heart's unstable. Toooot tooot toooooot
That's the spirit Holmes!
Congrats on making it to Hump Day, here is your reward! (34 Photos)
At least I tried
Who's ready to die?
I wasn't ready for this
I may have a problem, too
Thanks a lot, will be there for a week, this coming Tuesday to Sunday. Any specific suggestions of things to do
Thanks so much! One week to go Mark... never been able to warm up quite enough for those hills but a great race
I be allowed to tweet late at night
She has power
Making TV is not as glamorous as it seems
Jungoo as Jungshook as always
The Brisbane Roar striker had a very eventful night in front of goal
Kookie Dgn maksud pamerin gelang,cute dah army proud of bts
OMG your mug is so cute Caroline!
Super jealous of you Jessica
Sades or Logitech
Hah, thanks! really glad you enjoyed it. That was certainly the most compressed version of the talk so far
Pengen poto bareng juga
That I'm not sure just check your Google map I guess
Also, tipsy so it probs a good idea anyway
Just walked off my breakfast with this fun workout
WAKE UP & Walk!
OYYYY NAKAKAMISS KAYOOOO CHAROT
Fear not Jane! The state already assign gender, you can relax! They just observe sex
Thank you! I hate Twitter
Went to bed at 9:30 last night and woke up at 8:30 Feel bloody amazing after a day from hell yesterday
Maybe he's afraid hyde sempai would find something embarrassing
Buku sis mmg akn wujud nota kaki bnyk2 , highlight warna warni, sticky notes di setiap page and yes formula
me and my bed
fingers crossed!! I had no idea back then that flying sick is a bad idea.. well learned my lesson
Samba will always be remember
But people
Feeling expert sa pagcolor color and shading
This is why a "-" is very important
Connect your tongue to the brain
Man may have discovered fire, but discovered how to play with it I
Ibreakfast in bed ave ikhuluphalisa weSne
Ah, just saw above you said "no idea". So interesting.
Yes cuz without I am ugly AF not that it makes it much better but a bit
Thanks
Who are you and what have you done with the RTA?
Ang creepy.
He real live went out without me last night
Totally agree
same, lemme know when you find the answer
boleh share background wallpaper tak ?
We wonder what you're voting for
rs
The same padin nman. Dyosaa?
Yaz you guys are such a mood
Pareces una enciclopedia
A lad in my job pure depresses me comes in first thing and gives out about work non stop get away from me
WHERE CAN I BUY A C9 LICORICE JERSEY??? IGOTTA HANG DAT SHIT ON MY WALL!!!
Vanessa got up before me loool that's how exhausted I was
Fuck the small talk,tell me tf you really want Frienship ? Relationship ? Smash ? Waste my time ? We grown be straight up
Haha he does , such a cool guy. Got to meet him in one of the games in Cape Town.
oo really? sorry
I have a clown on me TL please serve us dry jokes from henceforth.
That's what I said
*laughs in hang over *
Lunch / Meryenda (@ Chowking - in Pasig City, Metro Manila)
Wtf you didn't mention this
looks good at least, it's not 50% cornflakes
So many of our designs are on fake tshirts online
After this Canada tour I am hoping to have enough funds to
oh thank you! I was wondering why I didn't see anyone talking about it lmao
Great night last night met this super crew Josh & Aziz wow we learned a lot Thank you Jobs including DIB,
Girls with tattoos are always a good way to end your Thursday (37 Photos)
I dont understand how they even get time to attack,where we are very busy to love our owns fav
I know not
I was this person back in 2008 had loads of and Lego stuff on my lil Nokia
Lol I like the translation in English
They suck and girl anytime any day
My boyfriend set up the sound, stage and lighting for the concert and I didn't even know til later!
That's the spirit Holmes! Perhaps this will pick you up a bit.
Today has been a lonnngg tiresome day, but it was good! Only just got back home lol
Why rush?
Now i know . I assessed already. Enough na siguro yon
2018 and still called MR?? Kipling cakes??? I hate to be THAT snowflake but
exactly. so i prefer not this kind of concept, i meant the outfit
I go to the Lakers Home opener because my tickets got lost in the mail Oh well I get two free tickets
This guyyyy
smh been trying to reach you for the longest sorry
Quand tu as la diable en toi
Red Dwarf did before anyone knew how Vive was going to work
Cuban Cutie On Webcam
Almost 5am and im On my way home
Oohhh. May masuggest ka na movie na nice iwatch?
yeaahhh i thought chaeyeon, eunbi, yena, yujin and hitomi will do it
just watching the moto2 race (and then motogp race)... see what happens
Lol swear I ain tasted No pussy in a lil brick now
oh well yeah, poor room service...had to clean up all that mess i will show it tonight ;)
What a bad assistance..
For our Halloween haunted house, we put the number 9 on our door excited for the outcome
I grew up without a father, let that sink in for moment
Thankyou so much Dobby
I already have the best things. And that's you guys
I
Me when they ask
K GP is catching up on bangtan contents huh.
Which can't ignore
Ready to go!
More on the worst
English- Kogi had a dick and ran ..
Yoruba - Kogi Lokoja
Got invited to Haunted Wonderland like not basically a walking fossil. Guys, having friends is exhausting!
I always thought that Vapormaxs were too cute (expensive) to wear at gym they're my new gym favs now
Look at my
Probably would complete the mixbag of genres EP
Fuck around and be lu Kane
Hiyo ndiyo Karen ya huko. The way horses cause traffic in Karen
really just woke up not feeling tired.. madness
funny cah young snoop is deffo your type
It's ok all japan events and conceets are like that and fans still get to post fancams and
You might find the first couple years boring if you already know a lot The main advantage is the
Bro... your snap story at the club does not make you cool.
uuhhmm, hi hello, what's tubig po?
I know more funny, your quote to that tweet or the number of tickets sold
The response to my last video is mad lol
Your welcome btw your Hair is amazing and I might be a little jealous
Lol
Prof se pehle wala ghar ka akhiri chkr..
Practical Exam in BIO Tom!!
He looks exactly the same
wholesome walwal
I blame Brexit. Our country is broke now, can't afford to give away nothing
Pace yourself
Please tell me you had your sound on!!
First thing I saw this morning and I was just like NPPE!
Yo can someone take pics of me and so we can recreate this
hoping I was there, near my home! come and visit us here in SG soon.
were the love go?
But I missed him so just fuck the fact that gonna get hurt again ya know
That dainty wrist
It's the end of the week, time to Look Back At It (35 photos)
Please tell me you had your sound on!!
First thing I saw this morning and I was just like NOPE!!
ii be cooling like shit kill
oracle belongs to ! forgot to mention... also a lot of these pairings are w ry so just a heads up
Blockbuster naman pala pila.
Bae
Ok whew HEHEHE
MOTS
date her now though
I've heard this before..
May MAGNA pa yan ih.
MAGNAnakaw
Im so relieved
Life is turn by turn
back follow po
Saw this today? It's in repeat for me This is one of the best song/video in long time :)
where did you get your bio from??? its really nice Just me trying to sum up all my love to B in a sentence.
I was talking about this season and the ISL isn't really the top division yet is it
Auditors are in the house
pro bkit halos dtby lahat ng source...
Anyways, if this flops, forget I ever said anything
G ASAP Rocky So Fine Lawd Have Mercy
Hello po naaalala niyo po ba 'ko?
That Girl From of the 50 Foot
15. The last time I cried was during an anime episode I was watching
I am sorry, victor ??
I think I'm going to get drunk later
Yakinda giderim sanirim
if u want reply my message
O marley ficou bored com o caralho
I'm in Cebu until Friday so I guess if anyone wants to hang out?
is my absolute fave. Reliably informed you can't have one as a pet...I was asking for a friend
Congrats on getting tickets!! they sold out before I could
?
Nope but they played my sherona in the gym and I got the urge to play drums so hard
no no i don't disagree with u i diagree with certain scenes not even tracks...but ya from next time
I know this ain't true
But it's interesting how things work out
I have a crush on and idk how to feel about that
El clasico without Cristiano Ronaldo & Lionel Messi
Welcome back football
I thought the girl's name was jane turns out it was april nvm my mistake
hahaha!! CryIng + TaKing SelfIe
Whoa
It's my childhood!! :3 Im waiting as patiently as I can and totally not stalking their twitter.
It's a little bit creepy but cute
I have planned out my whole week - after work, definitely go ahead and sleep to forget it hurts
Wow!
Follow nyo bago kong account sa twitter
6 figures I was only 4
Not alot to highlight from that match - Roppongi 3K win via Rollup.
Tbf I was doing some homework.
Take an advise ma'am, no one interested in your sh*t.
Just change "nood" to "tulog" and it's me.
fight the power
Why y'all rting this post when original one exists?
I tried going against sinnohs elite four and got clapped right away by Aaron. Goodnight everyone we will try again next week
O staff? Mag mask ka na lang parati
Yes it's Tzuyu
lmao that can never be me
he won hiphop awards in three consecutive years yet he still have a solo album out
Thanks! I have been trying to find vegan dutch snacks to give them but have had 0 luck so far this helps!
Whew
Really? Omg, that's way too funny! Mine is scared if you blow raspberries at her lmao she gets all triggered
Trying hard to be a poet
eye witness
how about the requests..?
When you have so many things to do but doing at 3am isn't normal, so you just lay in bed waiting for time to pass ....
Ha yes. We also had to scoop out the swede and put it in a pan so it could be cooked. No waste please.
Every Monday needs more Alexa (24 Photos)
Anyway that statement is known as a Man by K Dot
I just happen to subscribe to those notions
Bikin engas
Ijs that's the weirdest thing ever.
Mihlali shook Twitter
Memang kamu doang kak always perfect
hello stays, i need friends uwuw
Thank you! And sure, let's play. But keep in mind that I'm only a mere 5k here in Europe...
To many cervezas J
" true.. Asa 4ofspade band c Blaster and his bro pero umalis din.. Ewan ko lang kay Zild..
I want to see !im just curious bcuz of Jimmin face
hello! would be willing to sell? been searching for this pc everywhere
Planning of signing up for yoga classes... I am just not sure if I can commit.
Pota
can someone teach me on how to make tipid?
When god finally sends me a good guy with all the good qualities, but like the catch
Cannot be duplicated.
We are talking about & with common sense.
FUNAAB self is shocking mouth
Oh, I'm sorry to read that but you can dm me every time you want to talk about in
off the liq and tryna get active
This would be from the playbook
Vor dem CD
Honestly, wait for Lost Thunder. So many new cards and possible decks! Gotta work on my deck building and deck editing
Thank you so very much
Aye man all I'm saying is it's too early to be shaking on the bright side though the story telling is amazing
true though!
I really wish our neighbours would stop yelling at each other from 6:30am onwards every damn day the walls are thin, people!
Funny is always funniest when it is sooo true
Based on my youtube channel's analytics, 80% of my viewers on my MackenZu FMV came from Japan. Wew ! We're all in this together pala???
imagina se fosse
Finally went for futsal, mixed Frisbee and arm wrestling.
I got my certificate very proudly in 5th grade. I have since let my DARE officer down
It's nice to smell his scent again
Part 2 bhi hai thread mein.
Definitely lmaoo we left right after
im down but when i get my licencse
Those fences are not very secure
FB DP Naka move on na yan HAHAHA
We are talking about with common sense.
FUNAAB self is shuuking mouth
Well I slept only 6 hours when the event is on
Btw I got some screencaps from Lance's epilogue
Why are you so gabut?
Je sais bien mais bon
Was legit confused talking to CDO friend 2 years back na iba ang paggamit ng lugar
WAIT, LET ME SEE YOU IN PERSON BEFORE YOU.
Just look at Sarri casually walking
Nw: *I don't know the title but Bella Padilla is there.*
Waaaa! Sweet child of mine ah
Well, been in the auto industry for 18 years and only learned this a couple of years ago
a game changer
Why am I so whipped? Like 0t7 sometimes I annoy myself with how much jungkook I post sorry guys but like not really ??
Pretty good analogy
Oh...i must put Wipeout and see, don't remember the Icaras
How long do you have to stay up?
I rarely use shallot
where did you get your bio from??? its really nice Just me trying to sum up all my love to B in few words.
I think this one got released today??? lol never seen this before also only the official one
I would definitely keep you, Eddie, if I were the girl you'd give that to tbh. That's a really
Pehle bandi toh mile
I never realised Tim was short for Timtendo
I knew there was a reason for my bitch out today wishing everyone around me, good luck for the next couple days.
Emmm just one little problem... hope rich coz me... And someone needs to pay for this trip
3 months without dancing and this is the first class I take.
I freestyled tho!
I
She fine. I pick her
Let tell us
Ohk I get you
I have such a headache now, though
HAHAHAHAHAH S4MhA dIN U s0M3t!M3s
...and in the future (we hope.. )
Saturday morning swimming trough freezing cold lakes and crawling and jumping in mud! What a day
lies everywhere
The good ol days
le but
glad Rondo punched CP3 lol. CP3 wines to much and flops to much. I really like CP3 tbh
This tweet had me for a sec..
APINK after APINK after APINK
lmao. dingo combined all together
Das war absehbar zeigt auch warum das so ist! Und wo das ganze wird.
The OC
October 20, 2018: I wonder what was he doing Lottie via Sam Instagram Stories
Wow almost 2am and I still sleep this is wonderful
Hr successful admi k pechy 1 ka hath hota h agr success zyada chahye to ye tadad brhaty jain
Baqi Allah twada bhla kry..
Now I'm curious as to what will happen on the 25th
As for "early child development politicians"
Shoot with Kathryn este pala
No! Made mine and went straight back in!
Me trying to understand the situation and pretending that it's okay.
lmao. maris or not, mali parin yung tweet nyo. duh, i discredit ba naman yung effort ng fans porket di sold out ang AL
I like the song anw still on my playlist. Literally the only songs on my playlist
how to love programming?
Oh my god
Yesss!
No no just saying BT is better than sky
I just let that one slide
I just woke up. If something that this weekend is trying to tell me, only that so tired haha.
I need to watch Venom... so many things to watch but no money, so much assessments and little time
where did you get your bio from??? its really nice Just me trying to sum up all my love to B in few words.
fanchant
I'm sure their words will cause you to choose them instead next time...
We reckon there might be some sore heads around this morning!
After the Beavers brilliantly overcame Eastleigh
0-2
nan just face timed me to say brought extra steak, cheese, tuna and coffee for us as she knows we would of spent all our money
Bukit Jalil - KLIA - Bangi and later back to Bukit Jalil. I need a co-pilot.
Its not easy
Another more more more more weeks???
looking at friend's posts thinking "but what about good solid 8-hours sleep"
Chems le temps de disliker pardon connard chems
could you buy my 70K account
Hoa lel2asf msh nice 5als bs cba7 el fol
Sleep will be had eventually though right?!
I thought the DOTS cupsleeve event was for the drama
Ugh, nightmare after nightmare each night I'm really started to get used to it rather than being scared
Wag na makulit pls wala na tyo pera
The coast is clear Imma take a bath na and charged my phone
Short sad story
Haan
But Ask him to jump na ! I want to
Ruptured ACL means a year waiting list for op and a year recovery fucked
Wildin
What this sign should say lol talking Lonzo & Lamelo FYI
What you watching?
I blew my fuckkn money on fashion nova bro I guess you can say back on my fit shit
Aaaw you're the nicest! I'm good thanks. In the homerun with my manuscript. then back to
I want to install any new games, I really want to start any bigger titles I have waiting... Typical gamer problems
good evening
Feeling ko ang asim ko
olmama zorluyorsun yapma etme Yoongi
Poor Merc bathong
Kinda wished that Adrien walked in at Master place
Was supposed to be up 20 minutes ago
Lol no, I *wish* I looked like that!
Ito nalang ilalagay ko sa acknowledgement namin sa thesis huehue
oh yeaahh hahahhhncjdk i wasnt here for months i just remembered my password minutes ago
I am also just waiting for the right moment...
Learning Chinese is easier than understanding women's logic.
Lance Stephenson, Curry'e
Lets see how many bsa have turned "kawasara"
Pick the one u ship.
OMG he's a lot smarter than me
Day 2...trying to make my table look full after yesterday
Hehe, as some friends say, send Pin location
looooooool I woke up with so many notifs abt the fundraising bsksnsksbksns wait hang in there
... heads up
sis was just playing, she doesnt need any friends silly rabbit
hahaha. rarely talk to you meh? ure welcome.
That didn't take long
I love basketball
as a fan myself the first one was easy but the rest of it? No idea
always forgiven. Now about that camera roll. Sifuna ioverview screenshot to see benisenzani
Too worried about what he gonna say to me worried about the shamgod icin you with
5-minute workout w/ in his Coquitlam gym
Trying to keep up w/
Solid campout for orienteering! Great place, awesome groupmates, but epic fail tents!
only want one thing from you
Lo estaba viendo venir
What sweet people. Bless.
Maybe I just lived in wrong country
a shitty night
hey
especially annoying when they even mention me in that inappropriate reply, just because I retweeted like wtf
About to watch it right now and its literally dark pray for me
Watching the while in transit.
Thanks bro! Onwards and upwards!! Big future plans, this month has been a good step for the mentality of my project!
Mood.
Mines the 1st ill be 30
I feel like damn catfishing myself with these, why filters be make me look like this in real life
I know tell me about it lol
all the thirst this morning then?
I used to be a Tdm player but in Bo4 I don't enjoy it at all switched to dom now. I think it's awesome
Expecting ball will not go in that direction.
what everybody says just before shooting another shot
Im sorry, not good at speaking English
bian dedim noluyor. ben heo abi diyom.
That can be good thing, dork
Madam ne mje block kar she should openly declare that she is part of godi media.
I didn't choose the tug life, the tug life chose me (44 Photos)
This will be enough though?
supposed to be up in 5 hours to shop till I drop and I have yet to sleep
Ohhh Emma where were you?? We needed you in among us today you know! actually, I am glad you
I get my replacement Elgato on Wednesday cannot wait to get back on the stream grind
Lemah anak muda
yung number of views ba is it per week? orrr
Lezgo Hyper-Cramming
LoL pamore
Parang close ah ALAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
I guess your audiences very interested in design-related content.
Mood
What's with this? Omg really?
Nicole half of the girls I know have that middle name but it sounds weird
I need some help using ADB. I want to enable Camera2 API and also uninstall some apps, can I do it in one go ?
may crush po ba kayo sa higher levels? meron po
to I know you're busy today, but can you add me to your to-do list? From:
Thinking about cutting my hair short again kay dghan na nagRecommend hmmm
It was meant for those trying to be you but
this use to be my shit
I was told to move down south just for congratulating England's win over Spain on Monday night.
BTS Europe can fuck right off
I have to work at 1pm
Which lounge my dear friend ?
Think I junced myself. Le sigh. Oh well at least she isnt super fussy, she just keeps waking up. Newborn sleep is so hard.
How to wear plaid without looking like a tablecloth?
Mirror Mirror on the Find Her
Still adjust to America
5am and I just put cookies in the oven
Trust me there's worse I got nervous and said 'gracias' to a greek couple.
7 min till we can see the final lineup of fave girls
Obviously
My old self was a sad sad girl I'm glad she's not anymore
Sushi Ke Enge?
I awake now, sorry! Ask away
So you're not so fearless
Yes yes my dear Kookie I see it.I see your bracelet
Sekilo aja deh dulu
that didn't work out too well for him lol
I love that your dog is called Ciri.
They will just go back to Shardul
PS4
Dude that would fuckin suck avocados are a whole ass nut.
Nerden nereye
I even started Origins But yeah, I think you would have to grind through some serious
Proper boogied last night. been a while
Good morning ! Wait , is it still morning ?
Buying these cd album means gonna play it. just my hobby, collecting Super CD Album
Grant, been to more Latics matches than me this season, Mr oafc.
Guess we are opposite
Funny I know someone like this
You're welcome! I hope your mom will like it!
Not really! Really selective things
DON'T BARK
I don't miss that party scene at all
bury atmosphere was mint. Had a drummer and some bloke leading the songs. Should try it
Life in medical school
Just sat on my remote and accodentally reset my fire stick to factory settings
soit fort
Hey GOT7 don't come here yet.. I'm still broke
Hollllyyy shit
come and take your sub.
That's so fucking funny I told you that game was messed up I warned you
My mosquito bites have officially hit double digits.
When You Are At Church And You Hear Your Pastor Saying *My Love For Money Had Me Grinding On A Sunday*
Not that frequent flyer tbh. Only when certain trips call for it. Hence I cant even get used to it
They played a certain song at this party at and all I hear voice because he did a cover I saw here on Twitter
Will be live soon! Dinners just cooking
i wont consider them real ikonics. will report them seriously
Oof I think mine was called Harem Time
Every fcking day
I'll put up a detailed drawing later
Ermmm which one is the step mom and which one is the best friend? Since they are of the same age i tell
Yesterday I think I saw a low budget
lol bolly, mo doubt no doubt
All About Yoga Pants
Just as bad Now what I'm I gonna take to work tomorrow plastic bag it is
Well
Early morning airport run done. Back to sleep for a mo
lol thought this headline was real for a second
Dotes
Captionya sesuai lirik yang agak sedikit okkots
Clothes by : kutikanu
Shooted with : DSLR Canon 700D & DJI
tkda hal bro. tapi, ingat bro. not for sale
those ones slap
trust me not i even understand your korean u always comment on their insta
I'm no God. I'm not perfect.
Oh sorry mate
Maybe finally realizing the magnitude of what they were going to do
When an introvert but you wanna learn things so you have no choice but to self-study.
you been around much, have you?
Finally we can see the final lineup of favegirls this evening
Damn really be in cens sleep
why is she so surprised
I can't because this is my reality lol.
Ohh ok. Its only a few sentences and words i know by now tho
Why are the people around so chill and cool with the man holding a head ?!
My gdness - poor Min Hyuk! How many times has this happened to him?!
Chill lang dapat.
Dont express yourself too much.
My hair faded well
can do this please dont
I'm awesome the way I'm. I don't need any makeup to look beautiful.
Also Me -
Back to the blue bird
Did he tell how that 3 piece taste?
Look at the peace maker : Lance Stephenson
girl I thought the same there's nothing wrong in dreaming
About to go get artificially inseminated. ready for my daughter.
Tell him I told you not too hope you have a good day mate
Yeap he looks exactly like him i almost thot that is jihoon
Waaaaaa thank youuu! i think this is one of my faves too
Good fightback to nh huwa na
He still can't dance properly?
Gonna be an adult & pay these tickets off.
Waaay! Some coattails I can ride to fame!
I'm not okay coz I'm hungryyy gimme food renjun-ah please~
definitely buying tickets when I get paid I missed out on bugzy not missing out on this one
Exactly......NO, Exataly
They police themselves because the gatekeepers of gatekeeping. Men are infuriatingly idiotic.
Jungshook 2018 version
Fucking hell
Shiiid lol eat one now
So I heard the forecast for Tennessee is unBEARable
Come along now Nick. You are usually the one with the positive attitude, looking on the bright side.
lucky make it
You could be my mommy, dude.
Bad Ideas are burnin\u2019 hot this Weekend (100 Photos)
Not gonna lie, I find a lot of this shit hard but I gotta strive not just survive you know?
Acha
Or just revert back to being yourself and posting about stuff you care about (yoghurt?).
Either
yeah I always tell myself it's improved train technology
same but im not yet ready
Nah
Remember when soccer teams escorted kids on the field? (4 Photos)
I probably said a million times how cute you are, Saki
Btw, bom dia
iya Sir, iya
I'm together with someone who doesn't care a ducks fuck about crypto.
I've tot a hard life, truely.
Jesse jagz (Wetin de ) too litt up till tomorrow my brother
Hai shame man. The warmer days are still coming, be ready for it
Who are you?
No one in particular! Hahahaha ang pointless lang ng social media these days
Takes the piss tbh
bucin sticker, dapet sticker pmi senengnya bukan main liat tuh sampe ikut bacain stickernya
I'm still wearing my v1 Furoshiki in this coming cold weather. Send me an OSLO pls.
IphoneX!!!
wait isn't you tall than him? i got funny imagination
dead debating the same shit
Hey guys. No swimming stream this afternoon. It seems to be raining and I want the phone to get wet but
Everything went so well for the shower yesterday glad that shit over though I was stressed OUT
Life is tough up here Selong Selo Resort & Residences Lombok
price increased! Buying $6530.45 & Selling $6530.45 $btc $eth $etc $neo $dgb $dash $strat $eos $omg $pay $xrp $xmr $gas
Lunatic, his missus is phenomenal
Time to Have a Lazy Saturday in Bed
Sorry
They still watch zee world
Nah senior high hehe
Really? I hated those movies, but thought the books were awesome
let me borrow his half half jersey for the day
Twinkish bod tara na't mag work-out kaw nalang buhatin ko daliiiiiii! Lol
we are the same gent.
I need more 63 rt. :c
Please~
I want Lightstick by rt deal too.
Hey guys! If you wanna rtxrt, then I'll do it. I just accidentally deleted the tweet.
Ah well at least not the only one
This is my favourite news article in a long time
What food am I not supposed to eat again?
I played the OG version, still need to get the new 3DS one since kinda broke rn I have the
He's a FG FF LB troll ignore him
K se
He really is yeah Growing up way too fast
Already passed the 18 months mark too
Ok so for the first time in 5 years I can watch this mess called stress free Bring it on! all
Omg I look like a low budget version of myself lol thanks it was me
Sheniz Halil Was Proclaimed the Heiress of Kim Kardashian
Secretttt Pang-school po 'yan.
I hope we'll be lucky and it'll be released soon and I have a
Ahh well
If she tongue kiss the dick she feeling you
I know someone who is. Does that count?
At least we were breathing the same polluted air
Umkhumbule umuntu mawuthi uyafona ithi I pride awume kancane yena uthulelen
Owwwwww deymn its me there.
Daming bashers no, meme?
Bitcoin will never pump again they said and still saying let's prove them wrong again and again
Looks like I'll leave twitter again
U could say that
.... GM Steve just making sure I'm keeping the temperature hot
Good Morning!
My notif is blowing up, chill omg
Jungkookie
Umattend ng In-Service Training
when I was listening to Tear I almost couldn't remember their past releases
Goodness, you're right
Just think about Wastelands, Wire & Wood, Move Me...
I love both equally
Lol I did
Story of my life
Lool well they have to say that
Yeah i think be fine for one more day
BORING
I've got some cans in fridge though! Don't remember going shop on my way home I'll stop tomorrow x
thanks CB have a fab Sinday
48. I don't have a crush right now
I don't wanna spoil for you , but shit gets wild, the jump scares are more than just scary background music
hi new account here! please follow me back
DO YOU GUYS FINISHED WHAT YOU NEED TO FINISH? HAHA
Nothing bad! about to give Doug the funko pop I made so I just feel nervous
SVAJPUJTE NA GORE I SUPERMEN LETI! PA JA S OVIM DA SE IGRAM CEO DAN
Note to self. eat a big plate of spaghetti before bed because you wake up with your stomach burning
Uploaded insta story pastu few seconds after that, click button delete...
Hee...
an introvert but can I please adopt you
Hindi po haha
Wtf?
Ok
Dobre
What a night
Sembreak were it all started
I know you had one I was trynna make you my boo sorry
but i have full vitamiv C ... i want vitamin Harshad
It's not 'I can't sleep' scary, but be warned, you're going to binge watch it
guilty
Covering festivals is fucking tiring
2 am and my friend and I googled am I And uhHHhHH that shit hurted
Jgh
Great for the kids to see what 3 points looked like Yesterday we were poor all game though goodness
na ondinha
Omg. 27 years of nearly grating my fingers for WHAT?!
Fully protected
I got close to a scooter selfie in Melbourne
thanks :D i just wanted it super smooth and even but i just didn't have the right tools and/or skills
Very good. Love it
lol was that what he was showing off, i couldn't tell.
i was like, what is he doing extending his arm like that?
Dah gentle & being honest for the 2nd time. Berderauu
I hate Halloween party
bruh idek why or how
Manggahan
currently 4am here and I slept yet luckily I have class on Monday so I have time
Dey are serious on to it
Life works in mysterious ways!! Btw hope invited to the wedding
If you're on PC, come play with me! I'll need all the help I can get.
my fave literally just dropped an album two months ago and EVERYTHING and all I care about at the moment
just trying to understand how it got sharp dressed men
I enjoyed being Aaliyah way too much
Just a 1 pt game before that brawl
Interior designers live the norm
That would be me
From Kate Middleton's maid ofc
What? Hahaha. I was referencing how scary it was and MM came into my head
Neethi ille man. A-neethi
Yeayyy
This gave me anxiety. I hate the ocean
Ohhhhh!
Siya din ata nag composed non ee
Most definitely ..with just a sprinkle of being shown off though
Today we are a mall hoper TP-GM-PTC, anything else?
Yang ini bukan?
You are back again erh?
i dont know ngano magselos man jud ko i hate this feeling qaqu
Let's not think too deeply about that
so the new intern seems not understand how's the chart work omg hanteo, u guys such a mess
Never been this excited for a stand-in.
Ok, this is not fair! Haha..looks so serene tho. Jealous kamek medak nyak!
Almost certain the pigeons near charring cross station mob tourists
Sleep is great wish I could find it
regards ko nka stay cool
Ohhh 2 projection and 1 sublimation.
Rip
Somehow I just knew.
Meet Elizabeth, the Colombian cutie (36 Photos)
Non-Dad approved firm BUNs Gifs (20 GIFs)
Yes if the need arises
sure u can ..LoL
Make that 2 96%
And I'm happy about it.
But unhappy with the wild card choices.
Bikini bridges always lead to paradise (30 Photos)
Floyd Mayweather's new girlfriend is a knockout beauty (30 Photos)
No problem hopefully I understood everything so you must follow me so I could sent this vid in DM
Congrats on making it to Hump Day, here is your reward! (41 Photos)
Dem Tricking Hours
Eh cah follback dong
If isesell din siya sa ygselect like winnergrance, yup i will. Pero as of now, di pa.
College build people.. and I was made for cramming..
hello , i don't really understand i do draw zero ( i have alot of drawings of zero) but i don't
No, just a tour on May next year. I asked them if we can include BTS tour. She said yes.
Yes this sad music will help how im feeling
Ohhh yes totally forgot this was today
because that $ is not really a $ as the world knows it. a fake dollar
Ok it was obvious but I do it on mobile
Will we get to see romantic side of Dhananand no or yes one word ans is enough
Blue Porsche would look so good on you, Angelika.
Photographers kuno me ni Jenny Cuares
immersion? scary and exciting
Idk what to but whew
Luck?? sorry such a goon comment
Idk what to buy
Indeed
I really should improve my PR. Thing is sometimes I can be introvert in a crowded place
Ang relaxing tingnan. I can stare at it all day
often
whyy are you laughing?
Never forget.
phr ye brunch hga.
bro .. I remember ur mother words plz bro don't make such jokes
He can use this on his face
I wanna work in the morning
Report as spam biar suspend accnya /g
There are times that i really cannot resist temptation, i easily give up! Basta LOMI!
Quase nem frio, magina
Am in
3 Ang sched namin :( Pero meet tayo!
As if me and Reece are actually out of bed and in time for breakfast
Hehehehe di ganito playlist ko pero naka "repeat" yung I Need You More Today eh
Thought that would help
This is a serious question, I'm honestly curious
Learned from the best
When I'm supposed to be sad
Oh so I missed my pace and awkward silence
Happy
ok- I only buy sale items!
but I think I'll get used to it.
And nobody care about Interpol chief
So why the humanity of Tge West is just use it as weapon not as goal spreading it
Every episode was a cliff hanger
So sad. Can't attend the backyard parteee
Tonight
I give so much advice to everyone but i might be the one that needs it the most
I was down 600 in blackjack lol before i left i made my 600 and more
SINK BOI sino yon char! SAIL
I just got home
Im glad I came home this weekend been able to rest and study for a bit also blessings from God came with
I wanted to so bad. I was dead scared to peak out that window then I see her. like tf. The whole family better be gone.
yes of course
Hahahah you're welcome tol ENJOY YOUR SPECIAL DAY
heh
Coincidentally on the 19th is my off day!! I have the whole day to queue if I decided to buy
Noite boa rs
I must be blind I cannot find it anywhere on there
gn twitta
Near UPLB
and like what an hourish apart but usually see each other everything 3-5months
I actually know maybe I just mastered stalking anything related to harry my love
Teh greeting?
Closed... till further notice
Also, Yamaha
Sing in my mind
all I got to say is I hope he be kissin that girl
It sure was! And windy
Finally reached 200 followers after 2 years at Twitter
Verrate mir dein Gehemnis
oh yea it's true
I had a vegetable in about 3 weeks
Is the first one an edit? I've never seen it before
Help eating it?
HAHA!
me when im in front of my non korean friends
Blocked by all three and even know who they are
I just got shocked in the boob and called the C word at these haunted houses
jgh
Hahaha poor thing
Plus playing villains is actually more fun creativly speaking & If we had a balance of images would this
Why does my Bitmoji look nicer than I do?
Did I even see that?
trying to make pick on full tank poppy with full ad team without any pen/borks
Why do random girls always bump into me purposely at shows to try to get my attention Just say hi!? Lmao
I can relate with that
cant wait to say the same thing one day
I think my photography is keep on upgrading.
Commentary >>>> but the FA Cup goal more significant plus I love a last minute winner. Tough choice
Tapos na. Hehe. This is the kind of live where you wouldn't need any sub so easy to understand
You had my toddler at
The squad wey everything dem dey want chop
Ok
Yay, you still follow me!
Inb4 unfollowed because you accidentally skipped me
I can't believe I just missed it
makes a change to not wake up with a hangover on a Sunday
IM 168CMS HAHA
Awkward moment when your getting head and the roommate walks in.
When I see some Girls profile says Wife of a successful I just Laugh, you and yourself your worth now?
At the end of the day, I've learned to forgive a person that forgot to forgive.
Sorry glamping and camping is some sort the same right? or no?
I thought it was someone with Song as his name and mini version (?)
I am just going to refuse to understand that!
All the snacks from the mk. Or maybe it's all muscles that I'm losing
I just cant with the fact that hobi chose to read that out loud
The disrespect to Tarrus Riley
Good thing I can understand a little bit of korean
And I gave away my last one last night
bye
Scarlett is a bikini rockin' good time (29 Photos)
5dt bali .. thank you
honest mistake.
Try to look at it from side - he was promised a vague reward
rend pas son call plus intelligent
What a pretty smile
There was the Alolan Raichu so I battled and won it. Whee!
It's a cute consolation prize for the Mewtwo.
EXCITED
Love a concert
the guardian of this lake. What do you
Omg, the things they say are classic, ctfu
Grabe pala yung laro ng Lakers at Rockets medyo rumble
Parang nawala yung start here's the first 15 seconds I robbed you with:
-Raye
whoops looks like it'll be an all-nighter, got sucked into my audiobook and didn't realize the time might as
Yeah but as long as we dont have a second striker to bring in for Lukaku. It wont happen.
Whew
Another 50 hour work week done. Finally my day off starts
So comfy going to office wearing shorts.
So learned:
1. I live with anyone
2. hard headed as fuck
Lol! Yes Sir
Nearly a whole year later finally got my Twitter back
carbs lover
Happy two million followers mhal milyonarya ca na tlga
How old are you?? This is a 2018 jam
I miss sleeping not going to lie lol
You guys
Glad I could help!
I love how Narimiya is doing good for himself right now!
Happy birthday your now old enough to drink alcohol
I noticed i went out of my room only on sport's days
Annual (siyempre) birthday selfie.
opo dami na tigyawat
I was putting the year also I wasn't completely wrong!!!
I know I said I needed a break but I realized this AU is my best distraction. Will delete this tweet and update
Had to tell myself "it's Sunday, not monday" 4 times this morning. I'm not used to having two day weekends
Definitely get that checked
Lmao
Baby shower loading
Was that really necessary?
But u love ur HINDUSIM GURUS block nhi krte
Tomorrow is probably one of the days that been looking forward to the most
Seriously going to need friends from Albuquerque
Let me out!
Mo eat ra ko ana if gutmon ko hehe oy steff kato nya costumes plesss hehehe ugma labyo!
Adei ivan sonnathu lam thokitu vara ivan yaru kitta first vote eduthanam
Did Mino customize those /// pants??
I'm looking for a site where I can take screenshots of it
gelin devo
Happens way too much
How Dawon spell english words
there will be special gift
right! Special! S-P-E
at 12 twelve!
discovered that hockey is very interesting
Ayyy hehehe
Lol someone showed up but neither of us has a key
Sea you around
(Solo Yolo. Thanks to the staff who took the photo ) Samal Island, Davao
FFS Charlieeee
Askies
Daddy sleeping Tonight someone bring your mans an iced coffee in the morning
Awe haven't watched all of them but I love Spider-Man 1-3 and Venom
God bless you
Intense workout for today. so fulfilling!
I know this was a meme the last picture I saved
Joining the sober train with my melus
Not today .... November. I start in November
You are 1 in 76 Million, the top 1% so always be outnumbered by people with insecurities! I
He's the same age as me and now he's in the veterans stage of his career
I'm on mixlr without earphones lol it's hard living without earphones for me. earphones pls come to mama soon
Fly with Eva: hot pilot documents her travels across the globe (18 photos)
Good lord! This guy must be 52% of the current government.
can officially be categorised under
Along with
I needed to hear some good advice
Tonight was unexpected
I think that's a boy with long hair but i never watched produce 101 so i'm not sure
If Ella mai were to ever follow me, need an oxygen tank, life alert, And State Farm insurance to make sure always covered.
Is it about Fire?
There aren't enough days in the weekend.
bloated
I seriously kinda know how to properly use prepositions. So please bare with me.
nah lebih mirip
Alles halb so wild
This meme
YES NAMAN BAEYAAAAW
Hi
Kia sy kia ho gaye dekhty dekhty ..
! Lol
There aren't enough days in the weekend.
darling is
When Fallout 76 comes out I guarantee I have a social life
There aren't enough days in the weekend.
Yo hago sorteos de cine...
Pero son chulos....
No me eche de su Barry Wayne
Just gotta find the motivation
Resep creamy mushroom sauce belum berani gue share karena belum oke rasanya buat gue
You can just google or
it is what it is.
There aren't enough days in the weekend.
Ended up in sticky licky I walked out after half hour everyone looks about 16
I don't go for a lot of concerts but in KE this always seems to be the case. Always
ginagawamueee
Yaaaas her IG account is finally verified!! I just noticed now?! but YAAAAY Congratulations, Ate Nikki
Why are people liking this picture again all of the sudden
Is it bad that I could literally hear this in my head?
kita ta bi for the last time he he
Some of us already knew....most were previously blaming the managers though
sry it should be inspire cant change it now...
Me rn even though I work in the morning
Tonight was wild
Have to ah? I sent to both the link already
that bitch coming home
Alcohol just makes me sleepy as fuck and my tummy hurt now. 16-21 year old me would think such a baby bitch
Yieeee. Hi fan
We going nowhere if you sensitive ima hurt ya feelings 5 minutes into the date lmao
Nasa radio hirap i.screen shot
Oui mdr oh merci
Manly?
You ever been clubbing?
Bidadara?
I do agree for most of the solutions but one, the artificial meat
There aren't enough days in the weekend.
Happy Birthday
this might help mwehehe, you can dm if you have questions
u r right
Mini Serpme
Yaaaas her IG account is finally verified!! I just noticed now?! but YAAAAY Congratulations, Ate
hope for the best hahahahahuhuhu
Not creepy at all!
They're hunting for a charger for me what great nurses...
wait bakit puro debut laman ng sched ko for novemeber???
naka screen record yun sakin! hehe
Hopefully not your room for the night
There aren't enough days in the weekend.
I just thought the receipt was for Vans, but I guess it was Spoons where you were loading yourself up last night?!
been having some wild ass dreams lately
There aren't enough days in the weekend.
Nope. I can't speak it. Maybe a bit. But I can understand it more than I can speak it..
Is it really?
We don't give fucks bout them
Their guys are unromantic...
No foreplay! They just go
Is it safe to show that? I mean even if it's just Pokemon Go, it IS a map
Or am I just overly dramatic?
Let me know when they incorporate emotional support and romanticism into these sex robots. I'm interested.
Bless ur feed
24! And I still have to convince my mom that I need to go out. This be happening to just me jeh
Don't forget to take your shoes when you walk here
looking for love in the wrong places
Ameen, and yours too. Thanks
Lol, thank you. Na my papa investment dey blow
Smells foul As if could support the
You just dey wake
I overthink wayyyy too much. But imma let this play out.
ouf!! Tu as raison ....
There aren't enough days in the weekend.
Dammit Scout
Wow...Never heard of mature people taking 45min showers
We all do that every once in awhile
Ah d'accord
nigga furious whole time
but still so cute
/// torn between your parents
I've seen you in this video
He looked in fine form after, I wouldn't worry
Like that threat the other day remainers not happy with the BBC there
There aren't enough days in the weekend.
Will today be the day that I finally get back to my project?
I really hope so!
check my snap then
There aren't enough days in the weekend.
This artwork I saved from Insta
Guys????? I'm boreddddd hehehehehe
Please dont let this flop
Naa na plans for that sched.
Post uy.. Basi naay interested.
Don't care about it, listen to the music is another way.
I consider MOS a Sci Fi film anyway
Yes I mean I can't do Hangout in general right now, only spontaniously when I have free time and
Personne le sais
Bordel ce Nash
Google sagt 'says'
a video for the bird
Iniba ko pa last minute ih
Omg yes
Hem, no the STUDIOS are preserving them... and all actors don't agree. Case in point
Oh okay! I'm sorry if I was rude that was not my intention just generally concerned
This is brilliant
Haha! I saw your first reply and believe write sitting room!
Thank you i even used my parents' phones to stream HAHAHAHAHAHA all for svt
Straight from coaching to shooting Yesterday was a lot of fun
Halloween shoot in the woods. I was shooketh
Sorry for under estimating you at pong lol
It went well..I think I shut up and my brain was kinda ignoring the grammar part also she
Breaking bad
G.o.t
Banshee
Sons of anarchy
Dexter
Maybe this is spoiler
Phew what a night
Hello friend , I can imagine Ronnie continius work in the garden He will allways remember to do it
she went to buy tickets, she miss that flight, 2019
Senti moments muna..
maybe a little too much sub d
Uhm... Dutch and I think that those are cookies, not biscuits
boomerang my thing but we had a good time.
Bu bi
lol
Please dont encourage him
I'm not lying but I try twice and the result is hyukjae and kyu.
What a surprise 'biased '
This view tapos ang song na nasa radio is till my heartaches end. Hahaha but this one's comforting
believe I would have been going to the Bahamas with my girlfriends today instead going to Florida by myself
Just ignore those kids with poor reading comprehension, and advise them to study instead.
Canny believe Blake 5 month the day
The Band Concert Mickey Mouse Cartoon 1935 - via - have a nice Sunday -
Okay seems like Sugar Taem has big cutie Taemin blanket. But I don't really like the picture
almost every snap friends are asleep
There aren't enough days in the weekend.
Let me tag along pls
Like taking candy from a baby
Damn, I just fell asleep while my headphones was put on my ears
I was jus fixing my matchmaking
Uh te" In Croatian, I guess
wait but Lowkey scared for our livers
Yung tropa mo kasi mabagal eh !?!!
She got that " im staring to judge you silently" look
I am sorry for my boyfriend's neighbors, because I'm relatively sure they might have heard me during the previous game
ARMY life: watching a 20 minutes video in a language you don't speak just because you can't help yourself
You wanna know whats better then a fine ass dude with a fade in some waves. Not a black ass thing Make me dizzy lordt!
Wa juy chat2 wholeday
Your layout omg... I'm in love with it
This year they are Mr. and Ms. USA (overweight edition )! The buttons of Dylan's shirt popped out when he
Your girl was lit last night.
Thanks!
Unfortunately, that achievement is bugged and simply craps out for some users. I believe the
Maybe yea
one of my watch it on Netflix most hangover
Was searching for it.
haaaaates me tho
Oh, and I'll be at Megadev too, so long as I still have energy on Sunday night...
request song ? Enjoy The Silence
one of my favorite songs
Don't hate me for sharing about Marquez too much
Getting on a plane to Melbourne for my first week or so of work at Culture and ducking in at PAX while I'm in town.
Well yes, I'm just wondering if it's wrong untuk a girlf minta topup from his boyf I mean different
Opps my mistake.. usually we bengalis also wear red and white bangles after mariage what you are wearing in pic
Hic mi ihtimal yok
Dude usually scores but mostly lose got
Ive lost count at how many times ive coloured Harshads attire black
But yeah the colours chosen
most excellent work
This the first time in so long been up for 24 hours bout to sleep so good
One for me lol
4:30am and I'm watching High School Musical 3...
why are you attacking me?
I hope it's not too late to resume my cancelled plans for today.
Holy fuck
Mas gwapo sa personal beh
Un
Yes me too, maybe bec its night time in Paris. He wanted a peaceful vlive, but if its with Jimin its going to be in chaos.
Thought I was the only one
Angriest Manc I know hands down. you just try and enjoy your Sunday mate? Corries won yesterday they? Smile mate
kinabahan ako dito ah.
A bit feverish, don't worry I am alright
kiss & make up in my ass
I was going for an artist drama take on the line
Ithoo next *lu
Lol I guess I should be a bit less predictable and throw in a few Kim Kardashian retweets in there
for my japanese
Yeah i'm the sortest among my member
If you're 2nd place so who's at 1st one?
why I said we dying for pregame
Ok I tried watching Todokiss for Mackenyu, but even his acting doesn't save it for me. I guess its just not my genre
my biggest regret is forgetting to color in my light ass eyebrows before we go out
so happy to be off school
Shady as f***
Yes but i dont practice my drawing skills everyday lol
whole day ga higda wassup sembroke
If we can screen grab.... What's stopping us from screen recording...
Bloody expensive holiday camp!
True that Its really rare on Twitter. It's always good having a conversation with you though :D
Nous c moche
Tiis lang.
Yes dear im okay it's just me being stupid
I know exactly what you are talking about - I have 3 kids
maybe my playlist
But glad you came lol was lowkey doubt you
just something about Danes
Still functioning
Aftie eonni, wanna have milk tea time again?
So.. we spoke way too soon
thankyou ate!! HAHAHAHA okay po hehe
When ur screen is to sensitive whenever u scroll down the tweet suddenly u liked someone tweet
There aren't enough days in the weekend.
Si raya at blake na ba? idk eh ask them, why mee
You got a way with words
You should publish
But daddy sounds a bit wrong...
for my japanese
felt that painful feeling running up on my nose bc i placed a little too much wasabi on my sushi and ended up tearing up
Its looking through my soul and i like it
I have not even turned on the PS4 yet. I got no games
This is like Hungry Jacks posting that people should really consider being vegetarion.
Lmaoo!!
like everyone i know is at a halloween party tonight.
so sad and lonely lol.
How about this moon?
ini termasuk ss an mv apa ngga sii
I named my cat kitten it's very awkward now at the vet with a very very large male cat called kitten
End of this week classes. I look important when pictured sitting besides the Professor Westminster
godmorgon
JAG HAR PANNKAKA!
Bahahahaha so true.
be screwed. We would be screwed that is.
How ole are
Non dsl ma c lever tard
Cauldron //
2018.10.21
ooh spookyyy~
i actually drew a cauldron on the 8th because i dont plan ahead
I really have to convince my Patty to create his own Twitter account.
living under the
Relate to this lol. off to a con dressed as Rem for the first time today nervous as hell tbh
Is that all the tweet says?
Bitter to what bahologic of yours na naman yan lo?
Lmao maybe it just glitched
Take a minute to appreciate Paddy had the bollocks to wear these out last night
Damn, I just fell asleep while my earphones was put on my ears
He asked if I'm a comedian cos I'm so funny
The dream team
We cannot release anything, we are just a fan account. But has announced that a
NICOLEEEE FOLLOW BACK!
Not my thing to make the first move
Your biggest fan
Their minds..
That 1 point keeps us in the race
Nna nka le dia family, don't let me waste your time
Well...I didn't know that I just read this and got my facts right
They don't do justice to his
A bit oily and berempah2.. Dont really remember if it was good or not
*Wakes up after night out*
*checks Twitter in a panicked state*
*No drunken tweets*
*breathing commences*
Phew
You three tire pass anything aswear from Cadet to J.O.D to Prep aspirants
Time try this soon
Nothing like folk music at 3am when batshit drunk, hugging your friends and singing out loud
Noh
I know, tell me about it! He is legit dream boyf material. But I think we are going to struggle Megan
So there's a twitter with 100k followers just cutting up soaps
Was just listening to HSM haha, I'm thinking Tracy and Gabriela?
What a grand weekend for big 30th birthday! Happy birthday to you my boyo Thank the lord I have tomorrow off
Not really.. got left in my bank account for food until I get paid in a weeks time
Some very bad team NY Giants
Ofcorse the clothes are fresh after a great wash
Mein Piraten
I think harry wont mind judging from how he looks at her most of the time
You be like... "where's my food fella?"
Sa
Ssnd link!!?? .. Shemsss now naa !! plissssshhh
I remember creating this acc just for backup but i end up deactivating my main acc and using this one
At least twice a day
les shtroumpf ils ont pas encore khalass
I AM: totally broke
Where???
That explains it
Hahaha I would probably do the same!!
Muy bien no se le dio a Balvina
There's nothing like spending an hour cleaning the kitchen and bathroom before you do uni work to get you up in the morning
c'est normal ?
I know some people never delete tweets, but I just wanted to clarify why I do (if you've ever noticed me doing
YA ALLAH khair
I have to do everything again formy FNAFSL.. And they say I have to get defeated by Ballora, which never happened to me..
Oh I get that pic from animate's official twitter I use an ordinary Chinese phone.
c'est normal ?
the sinner, but not on netflix
uh oh impulsively had a hair cut
This VCR is so long, and it sounds like it must be funny
We both probably need to since as of right now, I can only communicate with Lucas fluently
When you meet someone and know them that well, so you stalk their social
Kim Namjoon You Dangerous Man
Nahi abhi ke liye hi tha
Seriously contemplating getting out of bed and driving to Meijer to buy some milk
I have to do everything again for my FNAFSL.. And they say I have to get defeated by Ballora, which never happened to me..
now this is basketball
Sorry i thought it was wonpil they look too same in this picture
di na pala active yung exo merch ph na acc
how do I keep getting played by the same shit. one day I'll finally grow up and learn
Very serious
i can't tell anything because i'm not interested in barbie movie
LAHAT SILA?
See! I always felt that overly buff guys have Sweetie buns instead of six packs.
Besides, I don't care if he's
defeated but still raw
watching The Haunting On Hill House tonight and soo excited, I feel like I should be scared too
iKON x iKONICS still winning this week:
- Freedom
- Star Road
- Amigo TV
- Video Star
- Ask in a box
-
This is too good
Hmmmmmm anak jaman skrng yaa bebassss
You'll never know the real struggle until you find a job and meet shitty ppl.
The thing that should not be in my ass...
Now if that doesn't sound odd
So true it hurts
I'm addicted
Sana all hays
Oh whoops sorry
When people don't get the joke
My puppy sympathise
I was up until 2. Now awake at 5:40. gonna be a fun one
here I come to your DMs
Teli awakana!!!! Not even the ancestors!!!
And you're still alive!
Living without roommates is cool and all.. until you watch a scary movie and go to sleep because your sliding door lock
Lucky for me I'm not an enthusiastic bike rider so I'll just use that as my excuse not to do so in Oz
I'm not quite sure what you're talking about
Bagito Sorry Ma
Wow what a night! 2 for 1
need to work this out
I know what we are watching but trying to make them not so scary. not working
Kain trish
There aren't enough days in the weekend.
Lol was going to after breakfast
I'm addicted
Asado na naman.
I can't believe we live in a time where we get bangtan bombs at the United Nations
Is that a Muk?
I don't get why I'm calling him sleepy boi if he's one year older than I am Still cute tho
Finally got round to fixing my menus on my blog, should have done it ages ago but...
On the plus side, I beat
Bro honestly happy Georgia the only 1 loss go dawgs
Thank you
But I will be happy because I will get biryani to eat
I tried coffee too and spit it out at a restaurant
Well not an actual party but it ended at 1 so still more than we ever did at 15
Hi to my old self. I miss you
Chivettes bored at work (42 Photos)
I used to never work on Sundays. But for $102 an hour in there like swimwear
Hard man hard man you dey piss before you sleep
Let's have an invisible, frictionless border to er.... take back control of our borders.
Must be nice
Ah orang Suisse tau apa soal Solo...
I might have posted a picture of me uploading it last night but that was only the pre order
ohh dal look like an angel when people think I'am too innocent aha!
Tobe
Hahaha chut c bon
My Nigga Pj So Shmoove My Nigga Gotta Picture Of Him On His Vans Bruh Real Deal Live Pimp Shii But Happy Birthday My G
Not that dramatic
jealous from my ruby.... You iron man
Food.
beni benimle
Great walk, 2 hours tho
U r already babygirl
translation : " so you mean to tell me Okapi is an Animal"
Bakit sina peppermint butler at earl of lemongrab naisip ko dito?
va pas beaucoup
Haha. Nk try tp mcm tkut bosan.
Basa bago nood
1st day of tmrw.
Finished on time yay! Good thing I pulled an all-nighter.
Tapos na ang career sa twitter
I wanna sleep with my butt plug in. It just feels good
I'm on my follow limit I'll get back to y'all after this
I need a sugar daddy for my spending habits
I need medical attention
Haha ofc, i'm a big fan of them. I don't usually listen to dance music, but this one is something i can't resist
gout choco choco . choco nut ! gout choco choco. choco nut ! je kiffe cette pub !
I feel ya man seems to happen everytime
I ate up all the cheetos my auntie gone be mad. Every time i come home i eat up something
New version of seesaw sorry Min Yoongi xD)
up af, thank god the weekend
Okay!
bro ur Choices are getting better....
Proud that u r a
His pronouncation is WAAAAAYYY better than mine.
South america
Vegeta animation!! Ticket 30%
Btw Her fb says she belongs to sfi
Do you pay?
Oh yeah, the early morning dog horror show. Been there.
Lion and Scream came today
My brother, God understands...
I saved a mans life tonight wow
my stream stopped so i missed th chorus
And get his ass beat
Yeah imma take that trip to Whataburger
Root root root for her team (37 Photos)
Do you wanna be a brand ambassadress? Uhm, i don't think i have the skill, and the time
Haha charotty
Aliens in my ass...sounds very much like the plot of a Chuck Tingle novel
RT There aren't enough days in the weekend.
Young women wearing makeup apparently.
962, i thought that was a lot but the comments proved me wrong
he seems so angry? it's a good thing i swear
words. Which means there be any for books finished reading So live tweet is the way
Which hair is the best? Uhm... maybe the first
Busy day today cleaning, recording and going out for my first spin in the new wheels
Slightly nervous since
Seriously
The only thing that I'm looking forward to tonight. And also chicken nuggets for dinner.
Question handsome face tu susah beno
I... I don't know if demons of your size fit in my ass
Jimin looks so comfortable in Jungkook's lap
Destroy*
need to stop following cute Twitter bitches (i say that endearingly) they tweet the most annoying self centered shit
You'll feel that ur last character was very vail
It would be so nice to sleep through the night
credits sa ig story mo hehehegegeh
This gif is a mood
Wooooo one thing off the list haha, back to SS and exams TyL for providence, regardless of the result!
Awww. I'll accept na lang den meme. Totoo naman
There there
Hawk Moth se ve cool de rojo
It's not even Wednesday yet
Lol did I said shiny sorry for that shiny are individual was suppose to be beldum shiny check
My son is laughing in his sleep and idk if cute or scary
I think your stalker found me i should just use your other car, papi
What is Dr Alex playing at man
U are the best, chartdata Nim!!
Kinda. But Don't believe it.
Doritos. In an insanely bright pink bag. Keep your distance, everyone
When things are hard but life must go on
Macaroni soup
You can actually say I love you without saying I love you by saying I am proud of you and you inspire me.
Okay so I lost the netcon all of sudden
Sooooo creepy again. But I love your work.
Whats with the mood change??
I totally underestimated the exam. For a CPA like me who didn't take pre-med course, I should have prepared
Tanginang breakfast ng 5pm to
goko rice gusto ko eh..piccolo rice din tsaka vegetta rice hihi
lezgo research week
Twin fat Tompo Bulu' Maros
Hala sheez Thank u ajane!! And hello rin
So many things to catch up on but lemme take a nap for 12hours straight first my brain is all mushy
Se pudesse comprava todas
We've all been there
Shit be crazy fr
It's like stuffing cliche on top of a cliche. And I dislike that movie
Sunday Restday !!! kaso kulang pa din... haha...
u should have relaxed
Even ghosts !
Of all their doggie beds throughout the house, Sir Duke apparently found this box more comfortable
Oups ! Toutes mes excuses !
On my I be wanting to sleep the whole weekend while doing anything and everything
NEW VIDEO IS GOING UP LATER!!!
I'll try my best to get another one up next Sunday too.
No promises tho
Hope u genuinely miss me
I need motor mounts
This female
Never thought be driving through the back woods of Mississippi at 4am
They be there when you receive the curve
believe them believe me
Imagine her as a your Ex
In video, Full time Drama Quee Part-time TV Anchor
but thn plan
Anyari? Hahahaha bakit may pa shy type eme tong isa? Pro food is layp pa din.
CUMA NONA
erigoms culture when they're performing power.
cause i stop and stop baby
Sorry Mr.Aman Sarip Garangan
Remember when you used to hate on me for being a jackets fan?
I even get to see it please show me
Boobs a bombin' back in the day (23 HQ Photos)
the cemetery during the witching hour my bussy is quivering
May have drank a bit too much tonight
We think pretty tree-mendous
coz today is one of them rare moments that wearing a dress babae po ako!!!
He's joking, right?
Site engineer is a Lady on this site ! so he thought as ...
Bof pas trop mais je fait avec
You have a boyfriend?
Just seeing this
Suga?
Saudis Admit Journalist Khashoggi Died During Botched Assassination Attempt
I am coming BACK
let them break leg sef
Wihh balenciaga
Lmao, I dont want to be here We miss you & my baby too It has been forever!!
I had the most dodgiest chinese food yesterday. I thought I was gonna die on the toilet today
Dont really know if this is good or bad
Finished on time yay! Good thing I pulled an all-nighter.
so i made another spoons and pumpkin fic but the quality's... meh
Can't believe im today's chef min tale3 3abelo yetsamam mn fajitas w djej?
Just go to my ass and thighs please.
i did my part, but if your attitude acts that way then so be it
Well, they never fixed the ac. They said they accidentally turned on the They were trying to cook us alive
19. 2-4hrs. Depends on where i'll go
Spent all that money on food and we both passed out washed
i was probably just seeing things oh well
2018 can end now
I can't even express my thoughts on Facebook without offending anyone... I guess I'm back here again
.... going on?
why I think the 1 circle is a collab:
- too busy for album prob single
- in
Invisicows of Switzerland
(sound on and )
.
.
.
.
.
Why am i like this?!
She saw your car and now following me maybe she thought that you are the one driving.
Well... Maby not so much...but Is cute
Do you ever close your eyes for 5 minutes then wake up and 3 hours have passed
Vimto boa hiy vehjje
Lol I even know her
Bah je ne vous ai pas vus Je regardais ailleurs
Stop saying very. Like very very love you
It looks quite good, ! I will need to ask you for doing the same
She has her own hashtag on our Instagram page
I think wja in some pics it looks like her but in some not.
Yo, Happy birthday i can't tag you though
Tell him, I know his bday, haha. No hard feelings
Nice to meet you Mrs. Babei
Sampe kerongkongan
"greedy too, huh?" you really know nothing about him
It's not, but it is a start
Telling Nanay about mg work and she was like sab, kanus-a naman sab mo mag and I was like
And his only 21
Petra doing dropshots on set points the Andy Murray way
Ayan, mango iced tea pweds pa and masarap pa hahahah
"
Yoooo...who knew opening up could be so self defeating LOL
The things u do for earth sci
1 day & 10 loads later, I washed all of my sisters & I dirty clothes
Yessssss
They first attend to expertriates
I wish I have real freckles on Eh pimples ang meron.
She gonna go for long break i can sense it
The knee rip in my jeans is just ridiculous now, fucking huge
Hi sa akung travel buddies, to my secret diary? my twinnie from front and back pero mas gwapa sakun
sure you are getting noticed
How are things for you lately? I been as active lately on Twitter lol
Coppers chasing ye
You requested a poll
Take your time though, no rush :)
Knows me too well.
Hahahaha thanks nors! So far mu ni pinakadamu this sem
Two and a half men es sin duda mi serie favorita de siempre
i stop laughing why oh my!
Greedy too, huh? You really know nothing about him
But also can I get your number ? It's been SOO long.
the only reason I knew it was Gunna is bc of Out but agree with you that it does sound like Thugger
Tiba2 typo
The taste of her cherry chap stick
Oh my your just 13 I thought both living in the same era as harry but anyway AL from
As you know I rent a new flat... do you know what I find under bed? iPhone 7 ... lol nice gift for my brother
How to win heart?
1. Be IU or Taeyeon or TZUYU
It was legit the best thing to watch what a sad/awesome childhood
one bots lang gani
Must be nice lol I get off too late for that but I get a beer or two after my shift so about the same
Hopefully I won't be too tired after work on Tuesday.
Won't be seeing EG with Sumail but I think CCNC can carry
Are you back in Seoul?
.
.
Please read your Instagram DMs from vegan_nia
.
.
If you are not
Me for the past few weeks
I'm surprised you're willing to talk about that in public
We got a shout out at the club and we even there
heard good things and bad things from the film
be having you
A BIG BIG STORY THIS COMING THURSDAY.
Bah normal
Just finished performing Get Cool.
I dunno if I can post the video though.. haha.. should I?
My little brother in Vegas threatening to drink the mini bottle we got for free with our 24oz
Adi Justis too damn fine (32 Photos)
beli palu dapet pink seated. tapi hrs adu hoki lg diundi.
Stolen from but pls like this?
Oh ok thanks
Mm have to finish it to let you know if worth watching I just think way too long que hueva
Canny mind it? Didny happen
You believe always got your back until put to the test.
/Lucky. At least it wasn't a Philly Cryers jersey.
Hum pakistanio k trust issues itny brh gaye han k water proof phone ko bhi pani se bacha k rakhty han,,,
Freelance music teacher
Yiiieee may mga students ako
I just realized my mistake bro , my bad
So nagreready na agad for JPN, kahit di pa sure if approved si VISA. Sweaters, Long sleeves, Jackets.
Ich noch immer nicht was das ist, sorry
okay 4L-G1 pala ako hindi M sarreh naman, ojt feels hehe
Are you based in Indonesia? I think I read it somewhere when I was scrolling my timeline
Good luck satin teng.
tita moments coffee tonight! Cafe Racer
Geng r.. Blh lh ride sama
If I shout loud enough you'll probably hear me.
Oh not today! In one month
We've had technical issues with our ticket sellers. So sorry. All now working
cam namatey elevation nyer
Why I'm doing my best but it works no?
didnt win the award we wanted but oks lang!
Pabebe...
ang heavy
Me seeing if anyone in the break room saw it
Hayaller sushi festivali, hayatlar sushico Nerede bu bedava sushiler
Omg hilarious , it was in your robe?
As long as the defence isn't your issue, he'd be fine
So sorry!! All now working
Ya sater
why was she wearing THAT tho? like asking to be recognised
Ahaq
Mantap
J'avoue
What about Azpi?
My artist said one week, I left it two because I'm like that
so i guess i should rewatch now that finished s3
Tell me about it
And what about the surge of oil prices of more than 50% since he took office?
Haha I hope not Thank you
Everyone knows the wetter the better (73 Photos)
1st time ni. Semoga tak dnf je..
My status now.
so tired
muchas personas?
Woahh such an honest review, I'm flattered thanks
A mi me gustaban mucho Team Buddies, Front Mission 3, Silent Bomber, Medievil, Digimon World...
No me acuerdo de
Nice to see Pastora Zeny
hehe..nowadays those talk to the hand
You Need Treatment
Neha RTed Tweet - Words are Shitshant, Bhagoda, Match Fixer, Desh ka Na hua.
Shoaib RTed
Really had a nightmare from the haunting of hill house
Then I'm a fuccin addict
Oui.
BELFAST FOLKS
pushing myself waaay outta my comfort zone here so please, be gentle )
Ah so sorry! Technical problems with ticket provider.. all now up and running
Wow thanks for the link! They shared a ton of my makeups I guess it's cool even if I'm not credited , thank again dear
We need to talk Lil one.
so sick of feeling like this
so im not allowed to smoke yet and let me tell you, i got so high just standing there
will you guys be at MCM Birmingham at the end of November?
Hearing an advice such as A GOOD makes me wonder. Hmm am I not a good person yet?
Next stop: Sand Central Station (52 Photos)
Totalmente
Nvm it was cool asfk
Woohoo look too cold
Oh shit you work tomorrow too? Yea I gone home and knocked out forsure lol
Not that I'm aware of, but I haven't read much on Agent Carter fandom and fics
You too both (you cannot (not) nod your head to that track in the car)
I would really like to know that too
Ooooh Lovely! Good luck!
I love your work
Oops...
So, I have the opposite problem. per rimanere in tema
this has been a very stressful day. ive been calling all airlines and going to ticketing offices nonstop! but
those days
moments with Matt & Simon and their by
(Finally I created moments)
At the Donkey Live comedy show.
Amberlita got to talk with Donkey.
We are like so the same lbs in a way. If you know what I mean.
Sorry!!
But I Northern CA., good!
my anxiety of trying to figure out what this special item is...
Good turnout this morning!! tabatas, some burpees...and abs
An assignment way back 2 years ago sa Humanities na Subj.
I'm looking for a black dress. Damn. Can't find it sa dorm, so the search is on sa bahay. Ahayz katamad. Hassle.
Good
What's wrong with yoongi ? Is Shooky in there
500!? You bros make a grown man all Red in the face. for sticking w me.
Loooool for real, walked into that one ya chuck
Genau
So proud of u self from size 29 to 28 realquick hehehe pa ak hiton pagdiet
Cunnn.. Just x sama colour jer bro
Sur Mars ou Jupiter ?
Serious question though.
Is my CSE certification still valid even if I didn't graduate during that school year? Or even the year after?
I dont even know what she was talking about but it was beautiful
Welcome to Womenhood
I dont know if I should share it. Although its in the news paper so earlier or later it will be everywhere
200 req. followers sa ig, puro shops amp
still being an introvert
Legit 1hr lng hehez , rt mo para matabo man simo
Ano preferred mong shade?
San punta MaiChard? Dilim kasi eh!
Are you there?
I didnt know fb has stickers Those are all yours??? So freaking cute! Especially those two
It doesn't matter how long you reply, I will still reply as fast as I can
We could say they were both defensively poor but alonso offensively as well
LMAO! You just started
181021 at GMP
Always walk together, please.
Cr
I know i'm sweet hmm
Thank you before
Le "petit" suffira
she saw me tweeting.
she's gonna ask my twtr.
Will I give it?
of course not! HAHAHAHAHA
Oh man, I must be terrified! (I actually am...)
I watched P101S2 after watching this. I was only familiar with Hyungseob, Euiwoong, and Justin but not Zhengting.
the typa person to lurk until I get my feelings hurt
I called diorang x angkat lgsg
This first week of night shift is kicking my butt
Yes i figured that out after reading theories..
C'est gentil, mais non merci
Neither do I actually, shes just the most bland character amongst the girls in the series so far
People don't know English (C sayers).You're right girl
This s for you eonni by Me
Congratulation for your First Fanmeet
always have been
Yeah do shit anymore without subscription
S/O to those guys that truly only have eyes for their girl. yall are doing it right
Prenup namin yan hahaha ay defense diay perfect bff lang siguro walang couple (nandidiri eh) HAHAHAHAH Vaklang twoooh
porque posso
I want to celebrate this day but i realize tomorrow is Monday
erster?
Cheers mark, result certainly did and what a draw we have in the next round
Wat
Ok I actually make that noise, I just realize when it me, subtly tho
I even see that kill
Congratulation Eddy... You have three girls now... Thats big trouble for u
agree more. Well spotted
1 week leave plesss
Soon.
Even the Best Threw Punch Sometimes
MJ KOBE BIRD AND OTHER GREATS THREW PUNCH
TheiR videographeR ReaLLY films Jin super upcloze, bet she is lowkey flaunting Jinnie's poreless skin
What should we say about this?? fanatik berat ni..
Not. train conductor
The translator did not translate correctly
sorry sa mga di makagets
Would be happier about some new music we havent Heard yet
After deretso errands babe not really happy w/ my purchases tho
That sucks that they didnt let you in though When I saw you, you were basically at the front of the line already
Do u have chaos monkey stickers..
Dhen mirey ves zumba class oveytha?
Reality
my sleep schedule is so fucked
My birthday is almost here but not at the same time
I don't think so they worship girls feet and black cocks
My phones so hot now bc there's so much happening wish I could be there tho ;-;
What? You don't know? Lol Good day
I'm sooo tempted to buy a Killmonger pop but I promised myself I won't buy villain pops.
Mungkin gue harus ganti dompet
Everyone got their anger out tonight
I've always wondered how to use twitter, lol I mean I like to like but I knew what to post
State of Hearn doing the old clenched fist pose here
Mommy i elok tadi. Skrg dahh tk she is need theraphy
He was stuck playing against mj:s bulls for example
Lol Am I Really That Short ?
Ein sehr zerknittertes
Skl that was my first time to play drums live band competition pa haha. Pof!
Hey James
event : Alumni Talk
i sobrang dali pagsinabi ko yung mga mutual friends natin hehe unless you know that i exist
GIRL, I know you want this D...!!!
I have a date
So nervous
Oh ma gosh that's horrible! Maybe it came to get you in the spirit?
He is so different with the hair cut
*are* sorry my bad
Peace
We enjoyed some Sunday baking today, with some mixed results
Ollie and Tom are still at the age where they love
This has never happened before, so... Let's just hope it doesn't.
Nesha Really Be Making My Day/Night At Work Whenever I See Her . I Slick Be Sad Until I See Her
I has totallt forgotten this To some degree I think it happened in the past, their love stories were
Es gibt so Momente, da glaube ich, dass der Facebook Werbealgorithmus doch nicht so gut ist.
WONHO EARS
HE IS USING MINHYUK GIFT IF I'M NOT WRONG
beldum community day? Yeah right
Students have it rough....wait until you start working.......
Add
Black Tax & Debit orders
Gaps can help you enjoy your Labor Day (44 Photos)
also trying to decide what I want to make
How could I forget, still traumatised
Job crisis
My comment was based on form
For some reason I think he and Yoseob are the scariest when angry
Evolved 2 metagross on todays event good 2 hours work
Mdr vous rapide
I mean the MV
Such a surreal experience getting this message from you as I lie in hospital! Thanks Kelly. Just a bit scared.
Bon bah devait arriver demain ou mardi
Amazing! I'm on a break, I resume in 30 minutes
Was at that game and remember a single thing from it
Absolutely holy shit
uyyy na ship ta pa gd ang Bbyu couple. Nalimtan ta sila
Halloween make up idea: DRUNK
should i stan nature
mga asay sa Lim extension.
Team Potato A wonderful experience serving the Lord side by side
It's a new song from rapper Verbal Jint, the title is
Just woke up but i want to sleep again.
Same, headaches as well, but why the bruises? Please be a little more careful
Gotta get that protein in
I kinda wondered about that too
Makachill ko di daw wala lang ko cocver to cover nga exam bwas ba
Or Google probably want to say a "handsome happy visual"
Caption this.
I knew it
sorry for the late update
As expected
rather use my wired since I afford the original, 56k
So cute my mum went to the George lastnight
25
even say what do if that was me
Magic show dekat family mart pun boleh
Welcome to Tugsville, home of the greatest tugs in the land (50 Photos)
Thanks Tim. I was sitting on the beach knocking back a Peroni and felt pretty calm myself
bare factors to this, but going out of pocket for a girl getting to know? not in this London.
Thank goodness none with Dahyunnn
Most of them are B5 poster
Bawi tayo next week sa ating (Gained 2 kilos this past week. Napasarap sa kain )
Hirap pag di photogenic pati sa personal hahaha yagit!
Yes, the Moomin stuff are pricey. Special mugs usually cost about
Thank
Hmmm used to be my fake account/poser.. identity revealed all this time, I thought a guy but Naaa lol
Always seem to attract the weird awkward scenarios to my life. write it
Dear kids, as much as this noona wants to gain more voting points, unfortunately I am technologically challenged
The main function of the little toe on your foot is to make sure that all the furniture in the house is in place
Me & Namjoon Oppa
But this is not
THE THING IS! I don't know the difference . Im so dumb
Asdfgjeljs... having a crush on someone is weird
Eu tbm
if i had a man to be one for
I have to be up in 5 hrs
so buzzed idk how wake up for work
Wait, give me a minute
Every time u start to post one player hella is when they leave
Oops wrong guy
a comedian. Check out his Netflix special Jigsaw.
Me & Namjoon Oppa
But this is not
Phew
U la pishang... I okay jer deactivate ...esok deactivate balik.. Ahad on balik..
Hahahahahahaha shiiiiitttttt kaya pa???
awww thank you!! gonna read yours din!!!!
bias list in fromis:
gyuri
jiheon
jiwon
might change over time
what? meow in a cup
who going to taken Fake news as facts from the "Better Joe
OMG... Feel stupid now!
Semangat!!
Wishing strawberry a good morning and a good day ahead. thankk youuu darling
Funny enough, it was Glasgow at the Cardiff Arms Park
Happy for you.
i thought the same
His gestures. He loves to gesture and many of them look very uniquely 'Scott-esque'
can Ethan Dolan stop being extra and see this one
uuuuh just say its a childish thing and it'll go away when shes older
Pela
Had to be done!
*bust a vein, damn, maybe I should really spell-a-check before I post tweets
Ehhh Koreans (not everyone) change hairstyles almost every month.
Pakka official hai na? Mujhe believe nahi horaha isliye follow bhi nahi kiya
Goodness me
S/o to my squad. Win or lose, riding. Rondo no ho!
My friend had her baby now she is telling me ati chashala kuli imwe
Why bantu bali so?
This shit goin crazy
Well, oncall duty. It's like a new thing to me.
thank youuu for the gaaa
do we have to follow you?
Talk about it. Still in church the downloading speed Is good though
My apologies, forgot Yorkshire is different
Je Amir
trying real hard not to let these simp hours get to me
I should probably be selective to more people
She want
When you're better friends with people on Go than you are IRL
"me caben" sesiones!!
I kinda want the earth to open up and swallow me whole
I promise thank you so much for chatting, and I hope you have a beautiful day ahead of you.
Retweet if active and ready to gain followers
Took me 8hrs for the creative lab today. Now, let's do photobook pilipinas naman Ahhh, Maria Jayzel.
This is not paid tweet DM for Details
This reminds me of guardians of the Galaxy
I think i got a bf last night
Bakit hindi ko maperfect yung gusto kong browny vintage chenelyn
Dur pour moi
Convinced na
Can i lay down with you sir?
Thank you
Except my cravings
Oh babe, maintaining my peace. Head to my bio for further inspo
It's hot to be back! lol touchdown MNL at Ninoy Aquino International Airport Terminal 3 International
Elyanna is up so up and it look like going to bed any time soon
Yup.. a happy sundae to you too bro
Put that mest in her
O my Allah i so sadnesss this girl
I'm a Legend
He wud beat that tool mcgregor
I hope firing from the hip
There is a lot of green stuff here, and really not that excited about it!
I've never been so stressed out to get tickets before
Pero Meme, friends pa lang po sila. Hehe
Nike shoes guys been wearing them for ages since after Wimbledon
Now that I can make HQ gifs... Can anyone provide me the link to ANY SF9 photoshoot Video (Not MV shoot)??
My momma got shookt on our grocery bill sorry
2nd day way klase and im broke
gago pls teach ppl never to mix ammonia with bleach jusko !! muntik na buti na lang may chem knowledge aber
no hood like motherhood
First Tin then DayLi and now Sun
Ae really had a hard time
such a mammoth weight on ur shoulder
Is he nervous? Or just sleepy? Please take care of yourself
Coz what they're essentially saying is that they don't gave 10GB of data on their phone, they have an iPhone X
Jokes on you, your gonna change the 1.6b to 1.6m on the will and pocket the rest on some savage shit
Well last night escalated quickly
They dont represent us
yup this is me HAHAHAHA my inner fanboy came out in a very weird place called the CR
...
How could you worry...?
We've got Massaman Curry!
.
SUNDAY MENU
.
Duck Red Curry
Chicken Massaman Curry
Holidey
looking forward to it
Hi child, how are u
And Kwaito and leaving mid-hangout to take naps
The only people who love us
Full form of hmm
H= Hug
M= Me
M= More
old but gold
I slept 2 hours and going to work 5am-11pm? Lmao pray for me
Im so nervous/excited for this game that I sleep so what do I do. Shop on the target app
that was longer than I thought it would be lol sorry
on some real fhito type shit
Curve Fitting in the Browser with TensorFlowJS, React & Mobx.
Or, Killing a Fly with a Bazooka
Code
I love it but apparently most people hate it
Oh wait, lemme heart the other one! oww, Gel hahaha so gorge!!!
Si Mamsh MD.
why is my friend convincing me to get cat 1 tix meanwhile my sis is mad at me spending that amt of money
Reminds me of old times
No thank you, I might got suspended later
YeS fun is good! Ok 1 of this men have the right suit
Woah! Asa cathed si Joel Cruz! amazinggg!
Is that.... A bear? Your son knows that his dad is going through bear season
I'm pretty sure its Lee Donghae but just didn't want to admit
damn 6 here
En 10 minutes tu termines le jeu parfois
Maybe you should shut down all Servers for the time you are fixing them
Was gonna use this one
excited nkos among exhibit
Fckng fake news
The consumer is confused after reading both the views of and
Well, I wish
Retweet if active and ready to gain followers
Moore I just got back from church plis
But the cat look like him
Yaz namannnnnn totoo ba to???? gusto ko lang itweet to para ma-motivate ko manlang mga classmates and friends
It seems, tonight would be a hard one to sleep through.
Normal entre accro au shopping on se comprend
SO HAPPY FOR YOU CHA! ETO YUNG FEELING NA PARANG NAPANSIN KA NI CRUSH IN REAL LIFE! HAHAHAHA
Hahaha still waiting for her to come back
Between Isaac and Benny i have about 1/4 of the bed left for myself and they both radiate heat like fuckin crazy so SOS
Hi Sir pwede pa autograph.
How about this for a company
He is a handful but managing
Allah sarki Waziri.
I wish the oza candidates will tweet something similar
lol i hope that cheap. nah not go, i just realized if i ever have to log into twitch
That single
Some nights!
Never mind. I had blocked him
Oh yea, prestige 5 now
Dami issue hamogs
Crowd sa lq
Galawan lq every seconds
Pagmumukha lq
Utot lq charot!
In short threaten.
well, that's how I do it, as well Is there a different technique?
Never in doubt
Special thx to that he casted an EU game and EU managed to win!
Dudas?
I remember the last time I bought sweat pants, face caps and perfumes
Note to self, don't attempt to record a short video whilst rocking out to Sucks To Be by
Mention ko na ba? Or iba to
I seen real gremlin come out in awhile you been slackin
had a week full of exams, I think I need this!
thanks
BUSET TERIAKANNYA
These pictures reminds me of someone ... Park Hyungsik?? is it just me
Poor guy choices
Pardon ? Je vais nous crasher c'est une mauvaise
Yeah Mine Isn't Dry Neither . I Wait About 5+ Minutes After I Get Out The Shower Until I Get Good
Oh so you just comeback from hiatus too? XD I'm sorry, I though I'm the one who cameback from hiatus too
depends on how well they take criticism... i would soft block tho bc im not v good at confrontation
Hahah alhamdulillah am not the only one then
What are the odds of bumping into Thomas in London? Amazing! Also Thomas and I have the same hair
I have this much energy
Put the sound on this
take that
3rd time
is this how it went down
Geram juga tak sync dengan Google Play. I'm playing on the Switch so hopefully tak perlu tukar Switch
Whisper it quietly... I expected Stoke to lose yesterday, we never do well when there's hype!
(Also, Martina
An all western semi-final between and airing right after PAX finishes for the day.
What could go wrong..
TheBee
TheBee sounds like my last name
I miss you take care
so, i started watching a thing
Hahahaha listen to this melt
20 months after knowing and I'm wondering where my money went too
Sone fan event success measure = Taeyeon crying
Clearance is coming
Oh I have
baile rs
Saw my name at the bottom of the screen.
Getting shot down by a 3 year old..... yes I am old Niamh
I swear one of my cousins was changing bfs like mad, now engaged after using ok Cupid.
What am I doing wrong
None of the above
Round the back of a night club is my fav spot mate none of this "Taking them home" Shite that people do
Figuring the theories is fun but streaming is more fruitful Better stream
Do you have the link for this video? I really love it, and it looks like more HD
We're having a fun weekend.
I guessed satire maybe I have too much faith in humanity.
and boyfriend of course
Go !!!
Eh
Jungoo or Yoongi's eye?
I don't want to delete it
No April Foolin' here, just FLBP Gold (65 Photos)
baile rs
Someone remind me why I volunteer for 14 hour shifts
Tots about pooja?? Hehe complete name po please
anyone wanna do a ghost town road trip with me next summer?? I need a driver who's cool with paranoid and anxious behavior
True
The guy from the cafe definitely charged me wrongly. Technically I got my salad for free.
how now?
Of course. They are too whipped with each other. Especially Lee Hyukjae even tho when Lee Donghae acts like a brat
Yeah Im sensible xx well sometimes.
Me stuck at the middle lol
It still sounds like Richa to me
It was the most beautiful clear skies 5 mins after I posted that
Oh come on Frosk!
Lol if I can get to him.
Tak de lah sedih sgt cite Pulang ni
lol I think so too
I just worried if you will feel disturbed btw where you from?
2 EU + 1 NA > 1 CN
WEST > EAST?
Please draw my pic
Das true I guess have to actually go out huh?
To be honest I juste took pictures on Twitter and make them into my lockscreen
Not the official TC Candler .. cause they upload the results always on December
Damn, p'na stalks everything in this fanbase.. Just got like from him..
We won't hold you back
Is this Ongholics I read it yet (my thesis is preventing me from doing so but read
any skincare routine girl? ay wala po akong skincare routine, balak palang any suggestions sis?
I'm up looking up random flights
Gonna try this one out!
First RT deal, gonna need 598 RTs for this one
Will be doing too, just link
Could u sleep with such dorks as friends pinning the f out of each other?
Though, you
BlondeHexe - Public Latex Fickdate an der A1 - Public Fucking in Latex
Ermmm there is a little misunderstanding I guess The thank you post was actually meant
Esp Math
All this vlive is doing is making me want to buy more versions I want all the PCs sksksks :((((
thx....
not great, but the mission definitely is thank you guys
I legit found some Timberland lookalikes with heels on and thought so you
it took me lots of practice tho
treat yourself.. it's therapeutic
So PAX and Semi-finals on at the same time..
What could go wrong!
Going solo to the movies is the scariest most empowering thing ever Try it
okay this is embarrassing ive been googling for the reference and Mimi is mariah right? it
Also I love Toff and aspire to be her kind of cute and rich mix so great guests too
No, but I'm not still on the way to Korea
Does that mean there is a chance
Bet you was buzzin when she said that
Who am I? Where am I? Why am I here?
You are probably right panda
Mamiiii naiyak na naman ako but this one is such fun even if I know most of the songs
And the ending!! I
When mine does that she always says preparing me for what is to come
Bc scared that fall if i climbed the fence, so i jadi tukang tangkap gambar
I never thought say this but brown rice that bad
that was proly love
I don't know Wat this is
i mean im 6'4 so thats like automatic pass right?
Epekto ng nestle taro milktea congrats bebeboi love u
My heart is full....and I'm a clown for getting teary
So I was tryna change myself to get her attention, but end up with seeing her with someone else
ate gawan mo ng oneshot hahahaha kiervixrobvoree char
I thought I already scrubbed myself too well. Still have some hint of paint on my arm and elbow
Control over things is my advantage
i have so many questions this is amazing!
Please how do I send it ? And can we convert dollars.
so nice waiting up all night for somebody that going to come had to go for a drive before I went crazy
Thank you all for joining us last night!
Hope not too rough this morning
Join Jessica Ashley on the road to beautiful (30 Photos)
I want pizza but I be assed getting up and cooking it
Perp games are just like buses , you wait all month for one, and then three come along all at once!
Looking
Cocol self sesh (@ Tim Hortons in Quezon City, Metro Manila)
Well they better come fast.
I see what you did there
Was living there a few months ago
Keep scrolling my twitter, instagram, youtube, telegram. Meanwhile my time for revision............ krik krik krik
Yep, in deep red areas where ironically most of his prejudices lie
been a notary public since July and have yet to use this new skill
so much going on today. Would love to go to this but other great events going on too for black history
pernah, terus gw complain deh
Ah I can't decide I'm like a bit of everyone
I will be. For sure Sana
got me, Shanice & Zaire fired lmfaoooo jk but almost
i would love to see you too,we well meet at theathers
You're Welcome. Just to let you know, here is a complete stranger. cutee
I kinda want a lil girl but idk if ready for another child
have you ever thought of putting double eyelid tape? or never i already have double eyelids so.. never
If by safely you mean no one died, then yeah.
only thing that doesn't come later each year is capitalism i mean christmas
Let me guess. The moon is crescent?
Hopefully we can continue the unbeaten streak
Jimin is me when I have to face another bangtan universe theories
been having shitload of interactions lately haha so draining
I saw that , he's getting taller than hyung
Game game
Mag1week na ako LSS sa You're Still the One ni Harry Styles and Kacey Musgraves
Shots fired
You might get your wish next season in the championship after rafa leaves
"Don't hug
cc:
3 f
she is charming don't worry they'll shine
Lol thank you Happy, small mercies that those videos are not uploading
oh yeah thought EU was already leading
whew, freak levels are low
I really hope na walang backstage pass to be FAIR
Sounds good to me too... Guess I should figure out what to get for lunch here too
So who was asking for a friend? as for the shoes.. take them to a shoe spa.
leave everything open ended so your little crazy imagination can wonder go crazy kid
You ever end a relationship over snoring?
I just want to live there tbh
Bananagirl celle la
Oh. Manage to VOTE for grammy and leave our view count alone.
Mga asay.
This is me 'til found me then included me in so many gcs.
Lab lab Ju!
Originally planned to tried wasm-pack & wasm-bindgen but cargo-web solved all my problem
Penge playlist sa Spotify na nandoon roll calls.
KES cruel tendencies has rubbed off on you..
tried literally every alternative Hate them all! Soy, almond, coconut, oat, rice, hemp.. Grim
When will I see you? still love you
Isaac, the future star of Nasdaq? Not quite. Taken at the launch of Cannis App today over at KLCC,
Doc. Bring me some
Icons are the answer
Yeyyes haha maybe woollim want to being soft at that time
oH?
PS: Pasensya na kung malabo yung pics ,SS lang eh
to the owner of the last photo
I even have alter egos it's like the good and the evil
Polished my helmet
Mission finding Time magazine unsuccessful maybe they're all sold out and I'm too late already
to spend my Sunday with lovely people & lovely foodsss!!!
Ps: sorry malique anaqi.. no photo with u
Come on dude, I spit on the street
I'm back and addicted to mystic messenger i think i ended running the yoosung's route.
Now what
Troooo sooo happy for meme.
Patingin
So funny I can't stop laughing
HJ seems to like this effect
Great start in champions league as well. Definitely premier league champions this year
|| Sapporo classic beer is good indeed.
Cause I want to answer to all their personal questions why but fun I get to witness all the
18. Biogesic at neozep, oo
Lol no TK , catching absolutely nothing from me .
Das kinda hard sis
Haha... Let's try this again
Bhite
From Youth Ministry to Women's/Men's Ministry. Tumatanda na sa pananampalataya. Di ba Lakay rossforjesus?
part 1: final guaranteed her to stay in the Top 100 by the end of the season
elbise fantezisi sevenlere gelsin
Thank you love, sometimes I need a reminder
Bertholdt rly out here like
/\
/ \
Biggest lol, I saw no preview
Tweet pic
yeah..i was like he started already..he is really nervous...our
vc
Expectation Vs. Reality
Everything aches circus workshop found muscles that are fighting back! Hoping the Om Yoga show will release the
I help myself
Dude. I choked
wait what?
Need oxygen
Here I am. Ruining your TL. Hehez
I stayed up all night watching all of YouTube videos and now official sleep deprived lol
Berasa vidcall sama pacar w
If you have time all I chose
Thus ends my baking megathread. Hope you enjoyed it
What man
For the new crush?
Et bien je pense que je vais passer mon tour...
Good morning guys. My overnight shifts are done and so ready to sleep my week away.
I really thought he was holding that hand you can get from his store.
I bet you caught him smiling a few times
Hurot na. ill teach you how... gordon ramsay style.
"I would never hang any posters. There's no more space" I said.
But there would always be an exception for my baby
Padeliver po ng cheesyburger mcdo, regular fries, large orange juice tsaka chicken nuggets
Farsnews
Took it way too far last night
This has 110 likes for some reason and I just realized... Is Jimin holding a vacuum cleaner??
same here.. I just pre-ordered both versions and it's my first time doing so
Busty Girls Always Make Monday Feel Better
red velvet and taeyeon concert next year?!!? hmmm, is this gipitan time
Ang bilis Marc boosters
Yopougon a COSMOS
21 soon, cant wait to buy me a joint or two or more fuck alcohol well maybe that too
Currently
Everybody hates Chris funny asf
Note to self, don't attempt to record a short video whilst rocking out to Sucks to Be You by
Je me suis cracher aussi la fois !
8 hours on the phone and you wonder why I went to work tired that day.
Beginner's
That's what I'm doing
I wonder if Chiara feels like a thirdwheel here
Fly drone. Cer teka kat mana? Easy je ni.
It's a bit busy
Sure were friends
go home then cmoooooooon
No
I meant for Anna, since there only for one day? Can we buy two, then?
Threw my lighter on the couch bfor i ran out, and i cant find it now im bout to sit my ass down and pout about it
R.i.P
We coming for you
wait this train needs to hurry up
i wasn't on the right state of mind that time i got so shocked HAHAHA
Ohhhhh! I'm away!!!
Dah pop ni weekend now really feels like heaven
Coming straight from Insta.
Remember me??? Hehe
haan yeh toh baat hai
If I was there toh Mai toh kr daita..bt I can motivate nd encourage you
Is it me or does he looks like a 2K MyPlayer? That light skin face and dark tan body
Broteam?
Another 30 for retweeting it "with a comment"
Was about to say that the DUP are getting more extreme until I saw you were in Spain
She/he is also nervous.
Edi wow!
Great Experience. However the Horde mode it's the most difficult in the stand
Noo I translate a sentence to save my own life lmaoo
Tbh i didnt knew we were mutuals till now im sorry
Hmu guys. Got it for the low low
My husband and Chase will have a date tomorrow while I get pampered at the salon. Is it day tomorrow? Haha
Ayer estuvimos en la caminata
Iqbal
Np check dm
Me neither
Galaxy-style I'm scared a bit
Cheer up loveyyy grade is just a number.
Please I will collect 10k from you when I see you this evening forget the money at home
People smoke weed in balconies like it's a norm where I stay.
Mucho fortnite por hoy
OMG YOU ARE SO BEAUTIFUL ANGEL I CANT BREATHE!! I WANT TO SEE YOU IN RUSSIA COME PLEASE
The haunting of hill house is too much hate it but stop watching
I wish to woke up this city that never sleep see you soon New York!
you're gorgeous
My fat ass thought this was a bowl of oatmeal
I think that important somehow
im wheezing. So thats why Filo-konics liked Bobby's hair today.
When will you post the running order?
Uish takpelah, xsempat nk cari duit hehe
lol at appetite on fire. I gained 0.5 lbs since my vacation in Philippines
I'm about to... Im slow, I'm still sleepy!
also nen ask acc erstellen.
That was The first Rift Rivals
I just realised that people might sometimes see what I've liked on their feed.
My apologies Unwanted porn everywhere :')
Baby
Funaab students when they get to school tomorrow
Love it
Imma do the wisest thing and keep my mouth shut this time I was on it yesterday tho
Today is mama kim bday that sweet
And Ohhhhh me and mama kim both october girlies
at first i thought it was just pieces of paper but then they lifted it up thats when i realized it was the album
miss tonight when will release a new on facebook I can hardly wait to see what it
They trick or treat in Alaska
gosh nahhh we'll link a lil tequila thursday at woodford cafe
happy birthday !! thank u for everything!! mbtc & i love and miss u forevs
Hahaha cute
She wants to go upstairs haha
Arguing with her grandfather
Haha.. I only remember My Cousin Vinny! Not such a great lawyer after all! Remind me please! :)
After Rock is YaYaYa
++ everytime i see a product with "Thailand" on it, i buy it
Okay I must really sleep now Good night Melbourne!!
Guys here are so kind. Been checking out those who liked
En hoe was jullie zondagmorgen?
Astra Family
My average is 7 hours 30 minutes I think I need to launch my phone into the sea
First time found beautiful box & bag just for cheese tart
the smell so temptingwhen passing through Kyoto
You seem to be having fun
Not that I'm a Youtuber!
God just be careful
wheres the lie tho its all fact
There aren't enough days in the weekend.
Walao ... kenna stalked everyday by auntie
I been able to sleep all night and I have to be up for work in just a few hours how can I be exhausted
The more the best
Maybe we are illuminati and we don't know
Ah I'm being too random again
It's 11.42am,
U dance? Me: before
You must be tingling all over.
I only got called a tosser.
-
Ringo name)
Study can be sometimes boring.
Just trying to translate this to igbo language .
Kai!
35. How long have I liked Kpop.
2009. so more than 9 years..
Sa light shades grabe difference
Thanks for the goodbye bite yu
herkese
I don't wanna sound rude or something on my tweet earlier, just noticed I forgot to say 'please' huhuhu Thank you
Still watching. Can I get the Oppo F9 Pro?
I haven't watched that one either! I have so many still to watch and the month is almost over
Change of plans
Always one with nature
I find him very very Cute
In about 10hrs I will. I got a busy day
I don't get it. Why does the book costs 2$? I think it is 1,5$
Sad but true
I will bring some warm clothes but will not be that cold yet as I was there same time 2 yrs ago.
Adidas Original Central Westgate
Oh my god seriously
Hahaha
Superb
Hope in this mood for me
3:45 am in LA.
Considering just pulling an all-nighter for the game.. 3 more hours?
I'm due in with the train like 20:15 tonight I believe. My train isn't till four.
Cheap
Sachi ghatnao pe aadharit
Trynna jam everything rn before next week
Me to myself: Not everything is about you.
Also me: What if they did that because they hate me?!
I haven't played the game since 2014 tho
ahhhhh wtfffff i misssss yooooou jo!!!!! my dawg got all our tb`s yo and post all dem when she
RECORD AWARD
BIGBANG
Haha katabet tweet men profil hsen ma kent mentebha ene fet7a his profil
ur point? Tak faham
For sure
Maging toxic
YO EMOOOOOOOHHH ... PRASAMU NDULIT KUI OPO TOH
Bukas pa
I honestly don't. I took a guess with that tweet
I messed up with that one tbh big regret
That's my girl
Happy Birthday Gasparda!
That moment when you realize you have more money in than you have in your checkings account.. but your not worried
IT WAS SO DAMN YUMMY! But i don't know much of how a burrito should be so... Yeah it was amazing! Glad u enjoyed!
Haha katabet tweet men account hsen ma Kent mentebha ene fet7a his account
Pretty much
2014
Oh okay sorry
And love me right is such a bop
raised in love? it's quite an old fic
I think there will be a few people feeling the same
Just the fact that it's Pret screams "liberal metropolitan elite"
Wah cool! And yesss! Please dm me your number because I lost all my contacts heh heh see you!
And a new journey begins...
Cheers Mr and Mrs. Vasquez to six kids and a Christ centered family
Is Larry Steve able to do that now ? Did you train him ?
It's hilarious man. I was trying to find trends. Saudi boots will use Saudi flag and green heart emoji together very often
Me hace muchoooo tiempo
virgin slay queen
Wanted to go for brekky but all ma mates are either too hungover or still on it
I think you're prettier yet impossibility to date my daughter
I don't know precisely. I always just take R100 and keep the change for my transport jar, whenever I
Birthday girl, come & collect birthday tax soon
You can hangout with mine. Specifically at night when he sleep
Das ist echt
Not a chance.. she's just really good at texting
Aww salamat po
come for your award
Wait Is that macaroni grill?
"NASAKTAN MO ANG ISANG TULAD KO NA LABIS NA NAGMAMAHAL"
Probably all of them and exactly in that order
Elegore you won the lottery or something?
Stuck between wanting to grow my hair, as I miss it being long to wanting to cut it short again
Help ya gurl for per poor take time tho hiit + weights + mthai + (soon) calisthenics
Yeah dropping everything close after each other now
Wehhhhh me too
Nous on a Modric
It depends on what you are having for breakfast
How to delete unwanted thoughts spinning in my head?
Any suggestion
aww, thank you you are absolutely gorgeous as well!
could have just me...
My second-last Thai souvenir went to a randomly Chinese girl. She made me remind of my friend
Talents.......lemme just search for it a bit more
Yaaa okkk so we can use this caption for behind tbe scenes also.... Thanks for telling
I read an article about dark web before psycho ? What happen sorry i have too
I hope you know that I can ruin your relationship in a matter of seconds..
just Incase you forgot.
Anytime is okay! Whenever you have free time! But I'm busy this weekend and next weekend, so maybe sometime after that
But you did say "apparently"...
thank you for always making me kilig bebe
Everyone here are invited...??
Un peu sur les nerfs mais va sinon
The struggle tho
As long as I am the father
Kumis tivis
HAHAHA. Kdrama dah lama daa. From Descendants of the sun, fight for my way, scarlet heart, goblin and banyak lagi.
Yes I feel the same but never hit a woman
YASSS It's time for a great show Ronaldo_Duran_:Hola
u for come closer make slap explain am for u na
Lmao I guess ahead of schedule I changed all my shit so quick after the announcement
Amazing Quiz For the most Amazing Phone
Is there only one fielder in today's match i.e Pant. and where is Rohit Sharma, he not even pick a single
read this thread
How do you mess that up?!
Get back in the game with some girls in sports bras (41 Photos)
Taray ni Bryan may pa comment na sa post ni Kisses hahaha! Level up na din sya
Blasting never love at 6 something am quite helping lmao
In the end i rewatched the Miroticon because it was subbed
No, ads are on the IV checker I used
i lowkey wish some people never knew me
still gonna day 6 - lack my brain refuses to register it as Black
Anobang meron don Fairview Terraces
Are you confrontational? the calm way
Hahaha I'm sure I can!. Might just even stop by for food too depending on if they have food on this train as well or not
Oh so there's no showcase today
So close and yet so far We missed the drivers championship by only 4 points
It made me super cranky I complain so much tho haha
I forget if my time have a same range time with thailand
I thought the concert is starting since one hours before
Maybe I've mastered the art of throwing shades through messenger
What's your favorite place to think? PAP. No pictures but I overthink alot when about to sleep.
sayang made-delete lang
Should I solo a Charizard today or not? Maybe later?
I want to at least try out solo Zard at one local...
Siap realisasi
Yeeeeah
I have a lot of scary shits to attend to
Who hurt you?
btw she does look like on her picture
Hahaha try and persuade him to come out of retirement thank you TBK
Think I upset a few people last night oops
No a e refieres ???
We are a persistent bunch apparently The more they ignore us the more we want to
Come on Ying! Tak minum redbull ni. Come on Saina! Win this! Both fight fight.
spilt everything carried from my kitchen to my living room today
Wimpy does the Lord's work
And they have really good Triple Choc Cake
It's only open twice a week. Today will be overtime.
Glad my clothes from 2012 still fit
Mas Mabuti Pa po title
Hindi ako excited
Welcome back to twitter. Medyo I am getting disappointed na, 50 plus followers tapos naging 32 ang shushuta nyo na nag a-unfollow.
Just a few mate
God never been so nervous to meet a new guy. Wednesday come faster
Exactly
COBAAN MACAM APA LAGI INI ASTAGA
MAU UNVER AJA RASANYA GUA DARI DUNIA PERSOSROAN
My 99 yr old great grandma finally remembered my name after forgetting it for a year!!!!
The catch: sabi niya ang taba ko na raw
Sana maging masaya ka na
Sorry coz things went down like we've never expected before
Kamusta na? Gago joke lang
goddamn.. learning tabs is soo hard, it hurts the fingers bruuh
Ohh wow that's a beautiful color! I really need to do mine again
Nct U _
7th sense.
Editing effects.
relate
Pero pa North kasi ako and nandun yung traffic
I dont have any bts merch I only have these pictures which i printed Hope it counts !
Btw i
it's not yet finished, but I'm excited to see what will it look like
it's Zero Two, okay?
I need a tips of how to lose a 8kg instead.
Going to the war muzeum in penang at 6 pm wasnt such a good idea that was one super spooky experience haha
Cap okay cap?
. up & thirsty asf
Thanks. I was wondering why he was so excited or so
Me too love so much their live performances, I am keen to watch every single performance of them for almost every stage
I'll change my ways. Just give me time
Good thanks Hermit!
Better nights sleep last night so a more active day planned - in the garden!
How are you
Miss u po hehe Sino ka po hehe miss u too
Oh puto
I probably should have thought about punching a brick wall till my hand was bleeding
No idea what excuse going to use at work
Damn Pinkie beat me again!
I'll try harder next time!
If I don't get blocked!
i was worried I run with the cool crowd for a second there.
*then she says that
will add this too. Thanks!
Hahahaha medyo late.
Ole girl bout to go home and have fun
Power through the last Monday of the year with the best gaps of 2016 (61 Photos)
Torn. Go Ateneo, Creamline Fight! Hahaha
May the best team win
Natitira sa Baon ko!
That.. That might be him yeah..
There is a screaming child at our gate and im praying she as loud on the plane
Ayeeeee
I liked a video Senpai (Meme) 18+
~ seems like I made that choice yesterday
what
My friends took me to muchease for my birthday w tsamamna kelna
Mas sakit ithink ang "what could've been" kaysa "what had been"
Hello^^ completed mine actually sorry and oh do you willing to sell the youngjae pc?
Hahahaha oh no! I feel you! Have a nice sunday anyway
The Sims
Recharge, take a rest, today you have a permission to be lazy even a full pyjamas day is alright new week is
Sometimes the head autocorrect what you see
Write songs while nag wowork out!
Yup! Pero mas preferred ko kasi ang netflix para isang bayaran na lang. My one year iflix just ended
Noted
Daniel's hair color became lighter or its just the preview???
++ everytime i see "Thailand" on a product, i always feel the urge to buy it bc i remember lisa
quality like the page not found you lead people to on your advert?
None of them
And you know it
Idrk if mean anything as a first tweet but... Hi? As stated in my bio, I am an artist and I hope to post
Lol uxolo. And you routed for them. Cabanga
I was sooo young
Is it just me? Lay's whole album feels like a seduction.
His voice is so sexy.
Where can I meet you for the food ?
Ngize kwena noma uzoza kmina
ang korni pala ng choices 2nd to the last as a friend korni
Dankie one can spoil themselves there after payday
so yas, i really just made a UK google acc & downloaded the X Factor App
Quality ST all throughout that game
Ok je retourne me coucher
.....
twitter lite pun hado ingat facebook lite jaa
Filters just lie a lot
I could really use that tbh
acha peerni sahiba
Saina Nehwal got emotional every after get 1 point..doesn't she waste her energy while shouting that loud?
Omg are you alright?
I did that before. My friend and me were in a hurry to buy something and
Soooo true! I have a 4 month old & a shower feels like a luxury most days
Isang Dylan Sprouse please.
The difference in goal difference between Manchester City and everyone else is worrisome
English yung mas mahirap na board exams for teachers compared sa Math, Science. Balita ko.
Oh nice ! Though I have no idea what Comic Market is
Alas... I fear It's too late
Finished on 17-12. Happy with that considering some of the aids I had this weekend
The cavalry of cute approaches! Prepare yourselves (90 Photos)
Kvitova, what is happening?
guy's im alone now come pick me up
he pulled up on me just cause he wanted to see me .
Di ko alam kung saan ako papanig kaloka hope both teams will give us a good fight#PVLonABSCBN
why is this my cats tho.
I have many
Malachi just threw up a bunch, again luckily I caught it all in one blanket lol
Post TP things started to change
There were good memories naman
talaga
Gusto ko magkapicture ang JackRylle with meme na parang ganito
Please make sure in love before you attempt to make a child
Downloading...
Mom is a lowkey sehun's fan
foodtrip tas nood movie sana kaso bagal wifi tas alaws arep hehe
All of the above...somehow. Actually not really thought this through
unexpected q?
Yes he is so cute! I cant stop watching these videos. Esp the part he says to the fans go bc he wants to finish the live!
ANYONE who knows basketball just should know at this point just a wrong to do ANYTHING like that to Rondo
Das rechte Pferd? Sorry
Old day
If I go to work tomorrow I might not deal with people directly
Si kyu ini lagi wamil apa ngga sih. Why he often attend concert
Uhm... as you can see, I was quite bored
I am surprised saying this but those worlds get me more hyped than last years MSF vs SKT series
I love autocorrect... Metagross, not Metacross...
long-distance relationship
almost 2 years ago to the day
goodbye school works
It was a productive day tho we overslept and wasted our morning
Cleaned the toilet and our room then went to
LOL Already looking for outfits for this weekend but I haven't started on my assignments due tomorrow.
Richarlison scores 2 goals but also AWB returns at least an assist hopefully
The chick emoji Ddeung is so cute!
Jessica Buch is a stellar way to dive into the weekend (28 Photos)
needs all the help he can get today.
What the Dr prescribes
Same here. I would vote, but realistically the only option I would vote for is florida
say "i love you" so i need to go and meet them.
Cr. Wish Us Luck FB page.
Yeah I'm blocked by both! They sure have a lot of time of their hands
Could have been covered by make up?
Mfs are joy to hang with I swear
Blocked
Another PR stunt to win an Oscar Those thighs, how dairy
messed up sleeping schedule
Its a link to the xfactor App
Bag Raid with Lian ang laman bag din
Sayang last na yun
Me af. Also applies to slack messages..I've literally said and I quote "it's probably my fault, I'm a dumb dumb"
Oh but you too look very bro
here he goes again with his favorite angle
Perfect by Ed Sheeran. I don't know why this song so romantic for around the world for me []
Y'all wildin on here. Thread for anything
Looks like the Lakers had more fight in them than Ohio st did on the football field.
Sssttt
When a cow can catwalk better than you
my cat..
kendimi hissediyorum
Iwe I'm not I'm damn sure almost everybody does this.
Home alone day 2
Kaninang umaga
Parisienne ou provencale
idk but the universe gotta chill. people be wanting hugs and I turn the other way
Sorry Emma RuneScape has a new skill and bitching about it!
Who's the most talkative one on your timeline let them know by mentioning them
Me:
Interviewer: what's ur strength?
Me: i type fast
Um When Is This Party Over
HAHAHA yeah ik ugh my tweet is so confusing sorry i mentioned in korea
Di ko alam kung saan ako papanig kaloka hope both teams will give us a good fight
I want to cuddle with a cute girl and watch horror movies all day today but yeah
Ateneo motolite vs creamline cool smashers. Whooo! Magandang laban toooo. sa ateneo ako mag cheer. Hahaha!
haha yes
Welcomean
i am such an idiot.
RAFT /w Guga & Piter JA WYSIADAM! [Odc.18]: via
RT lammert: En hoe was jullie zondagmorgen?
'Booty Flip Cup' deserves a league of its own (16 GIFs)
Also the of the 5 European cities at least 2 are in the UK
weird to seeee valdez, fille, & jia playing against ateneo
We made Dragonair in Black Ops 4 today
I'm on the edge of the podium!
Di ko naman birthday eh. Thank youuuu, my love.
mahangin kasi e
wait what men's fs has already happened? it's 12pm
every time i show up, i blow up uh~
just kidding every time i see a ketchup, i always remember chanwoo not liking it
ressemble ouais
I have much experience of that one
You can compensate us with some 50 cedis . not asking for much
Congratulation to both of you
Sorry to say but correction found
We Say No to Asian Girls
You think Australia will win, now really no taste at all
I mean I knew it but didn't connect this with that
Indoxxi bruh
What an awful statement be honest
niretweet ko lang po hehe
Fancy
I mean when you think about it, do I have an alternative?
by: Mommy
I know the feeling. very very few, it seems.
You've got a beautiful reflection (41 Photos)
I need a spa day. in desperate need of a massage
Oh wow. I didn't know we can change our twitter profile's theme colour. It's PINK now
im sure offline ticketing also have. sis kene beratur la kot.
there is how my body is doing me at this moment
Woah. Good morning.
Sunday is the only day I can dress up, but I always end up wearing tshirt
a real mood man
But still
Sweat (feat. Laidback Luke & Ms. Dynamite)
by Major
I know some of my mutuals got annoyed for all my spams sorryyyy I'm just hype for
ohmilord...Jackseuuun
I hope it's his favourite more bcos of the food
Anyway, even if not, it would have been a fine recommendation ...
Lolx hogya
Hii Kenya hakuna solidarity that's why burna boy worked out last night. Someone trolls a whole country but
she's late to a hashtag game... Hang on, who's she
That wind aint no joke rn
Kaninang umaga!
With a pint of Guinness - the most British drink of all!
I have fallen of from auto twice
Forgot wot it was like to wake up fresh on a Sunday with no weans in the house WOW wot to do today
Desculpa
For men who like ass
Shiz getting real
Soon as I get back home, sleeping and never leaving my bed.
Huge shout out to my good pal nobody looks better on a bass with a bandaged arm my man!
0kay & the hourly rates?
Gemetar sejagat Raya
Thank you Ate Coleen!
okay phewf I sure which direction the was going
I enter 3 times in AS server, but it crashes every time because it says "no more graphic memory"
Death
i miss you too bey
aur mai toh yahi hu itta actively ni tweet karta baad
lekin you can
Honemun
Hi there! I'm using WhatsApp
He is cute
Mrs Mika bought matching brushes with our initials on them She said, "Dibs on pink!"
& even though we have lots of priorities, pls dont hesitate to tell me if there is something wrong im always gonna be here, swear.
I don't know how to trim
& if u need someone to talk to, im always here... ALWAYS
Thanks, unfortunately it's all the boring af stuff like eating less and not drinking soda
Me dodging compliments
YAG right now
Butt Watch this one i just put out
Quad Crasher Hide And Seek | w/ Lowklann, Bear and Jaden | It's Lokie Not
I hit a seaside quad feed
Ryosuke..what happened?!
Alla Yamada
Spent all night waking up cause of nightmares and the feeling someone watching me sleep
HA HO HA HO
GUA BACA DM TAU2 SENYUM2 SENDIRI
BAHLUL EMANG
Removing the others to avoid spamming
I sent you a request on instagram! :)
I do love travelling. But i do not love the packing and unpacking process
Type *I have a crush on you* and the 5th person in ur list !!
All i can say is what happened??!
I basically just traveled the length of Springfield in 5 minutes
why do i feel nga if something bad was to happen, i'd be abandoned.
Comme et moi...
trio
Omg did that guy think that I was Denis?? I might have made a few typo errors in my tweet, I'm not Denis, I'm
Uhhhhmmmm
So vintage, and I was there
Sm hehehe long hair
Dear we want Association or Statement Jersey for next game
Oh nice! This bicycle was higher than I thought, I kinda had to tip toe into it couple of times.
uhm, my 2nd home?
Pabayo St.
hehe that can cause a mess if i revealed it
Hmm.. could be. but is there something you can do to... fight social anxiety
Della was a fabulous auctioneer and got everyone giggling
Baba kimchi is Korean
If a Taurus is rude to you, we apologize. We just realize the error of our ways and act extra nice for the rest of the day
Part 2
Customer: No never met yet even before, i am working in a company before where your husband also
Can you still remember me, Ate??? Kung hindi, it's okay! I just want you to knowwww that I love
Thanks to google translate
Jumping to conclusions
That was wild from start to finish
I figured dear. Wrote it in August. All the best.
Can anybody tell me what caterpillar this is and how I'm goong to keep it alive in late October
some dudes act like it's the first time they see girls in dresses
Amnesia is one of three songs that I know... I guess the others are newer than my informations... From 2015...
Uh boi why is it so hard to find decent female streamers if you're reading this and I follow you please
"I'm hungry" it's middle name
Who is that with him? I'm blind and can't see
Perfect NPC Parody I hope
When you wake up and grumpy but you have to hide it at work you best believe taking a nap as soon as I get home!
Think I need to sit down phew
Halo, i'm Oh Sehun Roleplayer. Let's get closer each other
You're probably right, there's nothing less memorable than a normal person
innocent face witha big phat ass who like big fat dics. perfect combination take that as a compliment
Pwede sad both
Ada hog rider CoC nyempil hahaha incer langit tabur bintangnya aja
Did he just asked me for a date or just eat together.
Some of the questions like WTFFFFFFFF
Thts wht i always say to him
Hihi You Nailed it
The only way I survived was by sleeping, eating, drinking and watching films
A little funny....
Ah wait i translated, coffee
Cute girls with messy rooms (34 Photos)
Hahahahahaha bobs
Christmas decorations already at the mall
Are you in a relationship with someone? with an animal. joke opo
LOL, I was just leaving the rink, and a group of kids came up to me; they asked if I was - almost
Does anyone else feel like they are living under a rock only just now discovering music that's been round for so fucking long??
I can't choose between EXO and BTS
Slept my way again through the day haha
Steak Myth's meanwhile
love to work abroad for a year
Only Shane would do something like that
oh gosh
I am Arnie!
Yes then slept with a bag packed next to the door for like the next week
Nur mal was ausprobieren
Looks like both of them have lost their heads!
Put the Blame on that guy
Fake JR SMITH
HENNY
Next time Don't allow him to watch staples
Ian stressing
Back to you, Camae
Yeah is basically the unofficial after party spot.
till
wait...so far away...
.
I'm back
I doubt anything related to games could ever threaten capitalism as a whole but they do migitate a
Covered in mud, dye and soaking wet but done it what an experience
After typing so much I realize now why I always send audios
Baebae I think you need a haircut
this week to be more productive
Kiddo
I thought you were talking about them
Care for me na lang! kahit hindi yung the way that i care for you
Happy na ako dun
Eyebags
Peeeero... Va ser ahir... Ho saps, no???
Welcome. Sorry, not.
Everyone would fall sleep on me lol welp gn
mddddr bon courage avec la fac
Lol yea I mean, who doesn't.
How did I not notice this... Was it deliberate? Such cuties
so whampn to Toronto ?
Lol true though
7:10 AM
Just assume that I'm behind on all my shows.
Some people look up to the despot Raila Odinga as a mentor, of all the people in the world they look up to Raila. Ndigithia
Iyaaa mirip
Omooo sooo coool!!!! still havent gotten around to watch revenge girl tho happy watching! Suits is awesome so far!
ay sorry namention
so tired. My son loves to stay up at night
Thank u babygot to pass my training first tho!
May Nigeria succeed
Congrats even if low cp dude
Lol i forget
damn i gotta be more careful, i stay posting pictures on my main that are supposed to be for my priv
I'm referring to the post.
Same! Are we outdated or something
Happy sunday to you all
Good morning
Emy
Halo, i'm Oh Sehun Roleplayer. Let's get closer each other
Nice totally raided my aunts fridge and took a bunch last time I was over
Why did that guy called me Boss?
I love your realness with everything. Walang pinipili.
And that's exhausting for all of us
Song suggestions? Yung pwedeng i-play acoustically. Old or new will do.
Me creating new accounts to get one month free trials
Of course
I saw what you did there.
Hardly bitter when you done the same all think ya classy but just abit scummy
3hrs of sleep, working a 5hr shift this morning + an exam due tomorrow
hahaha hello ..yeah we're mutual because of ioi as far i know
Ugh, so glad Jordan and I break up and be as publicly toxic as the Yanet and Doug situation Y I K E S
This is the first time I feel significant about being born under this moody sign.
lanjutkan
Ketinggalan ss subscribe nya
VERY DELICIOUS STEW that is overflowing
Where does one get the motivation
My bae Jungkook is still cute
Friends
Black Mirror
Rick and Morty
waiting for the new Sabrina the Teenage Witch series.
you?
For real
cpar with sir andrew na lang ulit
First I thought this is an alien with e few eyes
I see you
Ich habe und will keine Alexa
Iya tadi saya hapus gan typo weh. But when i reply failed terozzz
Same! Altho i get creeped out pretty easily
Pretty sure people use this all year round
Appreciation post untuk orang yang bagi actually
He had a great view though
Happy Birthday to Mr best dressed have an amazing one fam
I'm just selecting random pics
Atleast I survived the 1st sem
Anyone know the best site to book Thailand flights? None for Christmas for less than 1200
lah tinweet mga tado
I guess d middle nos matter as well can u dm me the same plz
ikaw yung graduate din sa MSEIFI Never had an encounter w/ u pero feel ko'y mabait din Pretty Gbu
I fell asleep after that tweet. Whoooo
Lol I know but I just like being as messy as I can when eating them.
I have an image of the Virgin of a friend who lives in Argentina gave me. I hope it will be useful...
Looking at my editorial calendar. Honey my November is PACKED! Great fun but loads of late nights writing up
malapit na mag ancient
Hello Tina... i think i'm doing OK now hope you're OK too... i really enjoy taking pics and glad
but korea loves tt so maybe a good thing...?
hehe stole from mutuals
if this flops, pretend it didnt happened
Je vais enfin finir The seven didly sins aujourd'hui !
Life update because I'm home alone and have no one to talk to:
Kitchen is almost clean and I have breakfast.
Lightening up for dinner after the OD this afternoon at RWS chilli's Fish , Chye Poh Neng, Lady's
Pretty sure I said this last week but... but never drinking again.. until next week
I really want to see Minhyuk's face
Hi Claree I wanted to ask from where your top is? And what does It even mean? I really like it.
I just thought I was ready to party till 6 am my mf bed.
Apply so get it and we eat the money.
I left you my glasses.
Please notice me
I even think of a time when I carry a spoon in my bag, you never know when you might need one
Kakaane
He veered between monosyllabic and unintelligible but I did catch the words Tories and Islington
DOO would be until tomorrow, 8PM only. DOP is until Saturday; 70% DP is allowed remaining balance + other fees will be paid on November 3.
I gotta thank Serge for this
go for edit ulit tayong videos
if you say so b
Okay, I just realized na 2 org ang sinalihan ko pero ni isang beses hindi ko naramdaman activities don bring me back my fees
It's banter Bhai. Mazaak chalta hai thoda
Murphy and Octavia walk away unscathed
Ahem ok alright. so buy me a good phone?
Notoriously Notorious physically
Those fuvckers wont go away, no matter how much we try to kill 'em
I wasn't about that Chalii ya mashombe
Subh subh bolo
I just had a dream that I had about 200 children with super powers that I was responsible for and we were on the run.
You buy happiness but you can buy a plane ticket and kind of the same thing! Vacay countdown!
Last night was one of the nights na super thankful ako sa long range point and shoot cameras
My forehead is big af
0 sleep and now Kendall and bentley are awake earlier then they normally wake up
Better yet reproduce all their DVDs and CDs and everything
Just a funny picture mate. I would probably have told you if there was any
Yup. They sell them on Amazon
much better ang low key enjoy the ride and don't stop believing on their friendship
Fairs
should i say sorry to her??
yaaaaay! glad that doing great now, not close but
Why did I first hear that Joon said "I like spaghetti" when he said "I'd like to begin"
Deanna anticipated that drop from Jia pero na late lang siya ng onti
Still using a broken 2016 top smartphone. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3.
But can't afford to buy a new one.
hoooooo boy I am so lovesick
I've not yet watched Dalton
I have an Excision song stuck in my head and with that comes with head banging to the beat while it plays over and over.
Fun was had this day, I love my sister so much
Ave singafani
Still I have to go by myself to a place I made myself goto No death or grim reaper to keep company
He he he, I need advice I need R5million please
gonna be one long day today
LIPAT NA AKO FANDOM BYE CHAROT HAHAHAHAHA JACKRYLLE NAMAN KASI.
PS. Sorry po sa mga na-crop at natakpan.
Helloooo.
What a dream. HAHA.
Not when you're 15
IT feels? Yung nahack mo acct ng ex mo Ez
Finally finished these custom drum sticks for I hope you like them
This week has been massively busy!! Check out what I've been up to below!
I'm hoping to gain some time back
Ya but I don't think I will get reply back
Those blankets will have you sweating
Heart to heart talk
aaaaaa kisses nnt i baca i missed a lot of notifications
Go creamline obf
Honemoon
RE: "... boarder wall.
How is that funny???
Let me count the ways!!!
Anything I see that is coffee related just reminds me of your bias coffee polls on Twitter
Pinaglaruan ko yung isang picture
I guess I need to sorok certain pictures lah.
I do have a holiday on Tuesday. Might as well took the time wo catch up with all of my Inktobers
Done.
as much sleep as you can before the baby gets they say...
Yes they will
Never heard of it?
Tonight another gig but at home in Cov. Thank you for hosting great events so I dont need to continually travel the country!
Today's my last day with my guru before she leaves for India to study in an ashram. I need to soak up all her wisdom in one day
I wait to watch that when I have the time
PUBG gambling?
Haha well sorry for that
You called itsaw your follow up tweets
Lol, no, hun. We all noticed you
GA ADA YG MINAT JADI SA GUA APA YA?
Yeah I preordered EE too
And subway cookies
sounds like a solid plan to keep warm to me
Sige boss
Who else attend this showcase? Their sunbaes? Or anyone else?
Super sherep keye
Hmm ... Tanggal 25 Grinding Event Halloween FGO US
get drunk by... milktea?
This weekend I'm working and it's been so busy plus mom life.....calgon take me away
Nov 3
Kyrine: Blackpink in your area
WOW HAHAHAHA BLACKPINK NA PUD DIAY NI AKONG MANGHUD, NIKALIT RA PUD SIYAG SAYAW
Wag papel, save the envirorment hehe.... Old clothes nalang na di na nagagamitt
I'm gonna be like a broken record in Leipzig now then chief
Colonel
who give jeonghan ne phone hehe which fs? His biggest fansite
Shit I've posted something just to piss one person off
true! that baby with a very deep voice
Works every time.
Damn I cant even remember that last I celebrated my birthday let alone receive a gift
6.7/10
Dreams that are so vivid that they wake you up and out of breath are the absolute worst.
+... necesito retroceder y salir?
|hopekidoki
I'll watch it sometime this week
Leiko sou2al min hayda ? Sheyfeto ktir last year 3ana bel jem3a
lmfao eunji got told off cuz she wanted to start youtube instead of making an album [V LIVE]
Shaadi me to bulaya nahi hai but ill be looking forward to virtual treat..
Ache kapde, gehne and masti..
I miss
Damn, Nicky is Thein (30 Photos)
it, f-rt in your general
no she love it
Nothing baby girl, it's ramdom trending..just stating my opinion
Pope Francis knows the street I am today Easy Life.
"Nada te turbe. Solo Dios basta"
Teresa de
Mareng Jema denied by Wong
50. hmmmmmm, maybe W two worlds? i dont watch kdrama that much
Alphabetical order of Scams under congress...
Note : I am not Bhakt
lol, my mom told me that i'm looking like when she was younger....
The one in which you coerced us into being gender traitors?
What's
I always wake up way too early, my body probably hates me
so what do you think of my ramen I made this is the time I making it and I know the egg looks bad
Ha hecho un pase horrible
Got board from Twitter
I'm too friendly
Not all, I skip the nick rpers.
Found myself singing this involuntarily while searching for a seat at the bus.
Isang hakbang patungo sayo
yes, always!
I call myself a sprinter but done more 10ks this year than 100m or 200m
Do you know any urban legends? If so, tell us about it! wara, sorry bobo
well.. i feel empty a lot nowadays compare to being sad?
Am I the only one who reads it as Samantha Feynjer?
I just want a beer and a sub from debonairs or a burger from steers being broke sucks being single also sucks I have no one to bother
Are ya smoking bong mate, especially with those are some piss take returns mate?
my ratings are generated randomly. am not responsible for the results
Holy shit, how has goal for Watford yesterday not had a shout out yet, what a beautiful finish
Ok it was sarcasm
I got it after I visited ur profile
Cuando nos tomamos fotos
Tell me about it
Riyad mahrez is back Man City strength in depth is ridiculous going forward. think Liverpool have enough
ahhh muchas graciaas, pero en cuales ya tienen representates?
It's still a little weird to me that is on Sundays now.
Oh, the drama!
Lee Know at the other side Thea
Makin besar plak
The shite I speak when drunk is actually embarrassing, get me in the fucking bin!!
If that means you just kinda barked, I understand why she may not have got it
Freshman vs Doctorate
Save Minhyun, Woojin & Ong please
Ich muss immer nur entscheiden was ich aufnehme und was ich live mit euch gucke.
Really? I think been terrible but just me
It could join PHON
I even think ready to give myself up like that again. not done being a crack head yet
Whoa, I _think_ I just experienced my first A tiny one
According to this map from Japan
I don't know I was distracted by that sharingan and fell in to a trance.
Maybe it just doesn't work on me I'm not that into very sexy guys I'm more into subtely sexy men
Before the torture started.
Nabuang na uy
Pffffft tell me when!!! getting ready to leave and I already want to come back
Girl with one leg still has some impressive moves (Video)
Real GOAT Threw Punch on Reggie Miller's face not on Chris Paul's Face
JORDAN-BRYANT-REGGIE
owatta means Done instead of 'it is over' ?
or maybe both are the same?
Sakit ky sa heart bok
DRINK CUM OF HER ASS, Drink Sperm, Lesbian ass
is that the A.K. A now ? Mr Bonesaw.
What's happening
Wahhh
Let worries worry for itself
is so cuteee... Really reay cute.. and Sexy
Minju is that really you?
Kya karloge?
wasnt that bad, paid yesterday could have been a lot worse,
Actually if they want to go out, they should take a morning flight..
33... Just now
Tennis wishes of today
Antwerp: Kyle
Stockholm: Stef
Moscow: Karen
See me jinxing
Can you think of a more perfect horror game for these coming days?
Surely this is a no brainer
This tweet is enough to break your FL Records
(Eventhough it's not a record)
lol dang..
wish i could have seen that
Awww. Masakettt
Trying to send me nudes at 7am a new one
Chaka mo
Hey guys , if you ever think that we've never talked before even though we follow each other or even if I
Non
i didnt notice the yellow green hood's logo was rdvz, it was kiseop
that look in dolmaengie's face
not an artist or anything close but when I have an idea to do with bands I gotta do it even if bad
Hello hell oo H E L L O H E L L L O O O O my voice is echoing
I'm crying that's cute .
Right
- The lady was really just winging that entire interview.
- Full video on
Why are you still single tho looking like this?
Nemmmm vamos
For a mature, adult film actress she certainly looks well groomed
Thank you for the much-needed powerbanks!We are relieved when we received these gifts&knew we have to
Gr8 run today ppl from all over Westcountry saying how brilliant Stroud is. is fast!
Why is Gin and Tonic so unpredictable? You think you reached your limit, but the next minute your on the floor puking
Omg didn't realize that THAT was Kiseop
My Funny Moments Montage is almost ready a huge change of pace compared to what I usually
that's the word
You play 24/7 mate so I need some practice first But on for some games very soon mate! You win in
Happy Birthday Si May you have all the chicken licken your heart desires
Nothing is cuter than a girl with dimples (34 Photos)
Why is Gin and Tonic so unpredictable? You think you reached your limit, but the next minute on the floor puking
Nothing can beat 's ROCK PAPER SCISSORS game seriously they make it feel so nerve wrecking lmao
Not sure if just that lately but Johnny English was sooo funny to me
I going to do this live but i saw the opportunity so I did everything in the dark. even see that I typo name
Discussions entre et une personne du public
Kam: go ahead and do whatever you want to the house to make it more homey while gone
me: *gets more dogs*
soooo gonna kill me lol
never seen someone shoot so violently, so fast...period
The Lion King
It's been a while since I am this nervous before an event. And it's still 5 days from now.
At that stage you form part of my parents age group. Lol no ways
Ayisosethu anyway
Aisa chalta hai Twitter iss fon per.
filhal screen shot se he kaam chla lou.i got yesterday
Is it just Rangers now a days...?
Ne das ist schon alt Alex
I know if maeexcite ba ako for my first day sa work
It was during his solo album promotions, and he also sang... Ahhh, that live was wonderful I can say that I kind of saw him sing live
RT till
wait...so far away...
.
Nailed it
Around 8 hrs
believe my birthday is on Friday
honestly just cba anymore, giving 100% to only get 50 back
OMG! I don't know where it all came from...
how much money you think is in there
Yep we are fickle creatures!
No we need you to keep supplying photos!
Tuesday That Means We Need Selfies
Nico Jackson? Have you read HoO?
Could tell after last nights accuracy with the smg11
When people ask me if straight...
say
Me toh
When i fall in love ! CentralPlaza WestGate
Last Night Wine Party with Board King M. Thanks sa pakain Sir
be like
Just like me
OMG! I don't know where it all came from...
how much money you think is in here
Payback time....
Gini masa jahat
Cf is dead rn
First question
Left without informing my man and put my phone on airplane mode so that he can't track me kasi tinopak ako pero nasundan nya pa rin ako
I had the same vocal thoughts when I was there. All that paper is unnecessary.
Guess who are my senior residents in this picture!!
Fresh and pa-bagets group selfie on a Sunday preduty
My mom gave me a list to go buy some groceries. Guess who lost the list and needs to call his mom after that hahah
Where was Avenatti?
Pas compris
I am glad they settled it in Los Angeles
Haha! My japanese translating skills aren't perfect but I try. Always happy to share.
Make your own bed decisions
The power of PowerPoint
Can you not calling me
Fml never thought get a potbelly need to start running in gym
Tb
I selfie often, this one is like a month old
Very good
The jokes just keep coming. Up next
Meet my two patients &
This just gave my theory more basis. Thanks
Thought you were talking about the Studio27 kit! But Vettel was disappointing too
That is your way to see people
What a night
Chichiriya ang aking dinner tf
Do you remember when you joined Twitter? I do!
So was developing for it
my babies can't literally fit into my pouch anymore *laughs nervously*
when you are no one's favorite
First thought me, second thought
you satisfied with the rating?
Bon courage
D'accord
Fifa 19 sana this Christmas. Huhu.
Tum or glt
think actually enjoy this job
you guys have any idea on what make up look should i pull for my graduation day sorry it is out of kpop content
2 babies 1 daddy
receipts, evidence
Anyone else finds this so satisfying to watch
I wouldn't like to be working at the airport today
i mean the bgm of this drama
That's not fair
They asked if I wanted to work tonight on my night off... good luv
I hype up my son too much I know his ass gon be big headed growing up
Ok next watch la cmni
I should go do something productive but go monate mo
SUCH a rainy day that was! Wow glad that's behind us!!
ToDay Collection
Lynn Htun
Htet Thu Yain
Assistant senior boy
Hehe the sleeper has awakened
Yus tapos na ang research 1
Keep in touch. I plan on traveling there next summer. If still alive..
Jimin~ah.. reading books and comics... just 3pages speech. Wym?
forgive me for memorizing Kiseop brand, so I easily recognize him v
Guys meet my friend, MERICA!!!!
Bona omotle yang! Shuuu
lol upload a different profile then we re-rate
hanuna self! fpl rebyu myghad mamemetey na me.
Ah ! bon ok
Remoq
[ I know. No, it still hurts... ]
Emptying a bag of rose cuttings at the tip...must have decided to get it's own back
GOIN TO SLEEP GOODNIGHT
Na my excuse be that.
Vote in round 2 of the Game of Thrones girls tournament (Poll)
Fantasy fest starts today and I have no desire to go out at all
Udah nyampe di indo aje blackpink
Apparently vegans feel they need to waste their time worrying what other people eat and bash them if they like it
My twitter's messed up. I thought deactivating will help
Uh oh. Wrong phone
Hey ur dm r closed
At least Deepika wears pants sometimes
Don't mind it bro there's so many girls out there
whew chile try it with Cj if you want
don't disturb pls
I can't
forgot to tag youuu
If I want to go to Thailand on December, I need sale all
Used to live near there
hi, do u know how it's like to be 90's Kids and morattu singles! .. those who made 96 BB.. i dnt hv 1 janu in lyf
Beware of abusive collaboration
my one and only merch (unofficial ) haha A polaroid
When te invitan a jugar free fire
But no tienes espacio en tu
quite excited for yoga class today just coz it's outdoor & the park is so fancy
Well said baby. They're shaking for nothing baby.
Yeah mom and sis too!!
Will this society accept me?
I took 2 Red Bull at work and my heart beat been tripping (YoungBoy voice) Bitch I been feeling like Funna die
A little laugh is good for the soul
I need a storage unit for my box sets
not the only one
...I really need some proper sleep soon
Ye toh aaram se hogaya
British MILF Lady Sonia Fucked Hard By A Big Black Cock
Glad I completely missed silver
I would never study whaaaat? putting on lipstick and taking that Dionysus to lunch
Where is this from, i want to watch
Markina can help you up to the hump (27 Photos)
Near the airport
Steph Taylor's just the ticket for Tuesday (25 Photos)
Tangina 1 week straight nagiinom
Jack Marriotts song is class. Shame we can't seem to sing it right
Why oh why is there no hippo emoji Winchester, Hampshire
Oh whoops
Seksi ka HA!????? HA!?????
That's for sure!
There are always some surprises with cats
My mom and step dad are so cute how they match colour co-ordinate all the time
Ncash
Is... Is this the secret ingredient to your chai latte?
All the babyfat is gone. Also a bit sad
Ended my ADE in the tower with a little dance what a fun weekend and what a great artists!
nah chance
It was so good that I didn't have time to take a photo.
even nap too long after bc CMB + art app + embryo
173-176 I'm not sure tbh and I'm 17 ^^
Gotta get the XS Max, things a tank. Also expensive af though...
When yoongi spoke:
I saw seokjin smile
RM face oh dear YG have to cook delicious meal to console him
Jhope
Basic rs
No sauce yan
HAHAHAHAHA so slow!
Sheyt review naman
Ahhh, nope! Alumni for everyone! But that is good information to know.
your cause is not aligned with this brand values
Gemes
So when will our Shin Bora letting us know about the good news?
ITS OK.....im just having to put up with a bit of an influx atm
good afternoon really, but its Sunday so its Ok
song makes me wanna cry every time
I want to buy the HA? HALABYU pin tomorrow
Sorry
I was supposed to celebrate something today
Teacher Maine!!.. dba may wattpad neto?..
Awww that's good, and yes sweetie its gonna happen, that's for sure! I can feel it.
Oops... I
1.5GB should be enough to download d 10 episodes
my birthday coming up just fyi
What the fuck
thqq i hope i ll wlbe win
Yes, some of them are exaggerate over small thing why asking cuz funny
Spent last night dancing with my boyfriend, my mother and the prettiest bride ive ever seen and it was lovely ~
My feet hurt now
He hecho arroz pero no bien
Ona daha var bence
Hahaha
God bless our souls
I also downloaded the game! Eng ver tho I'm excited to see your character! >//<
~
Mas may chemistry din sila netong partner nya than dk
Pahingi. home leave kayo?
even remember where this is from
Welcome to Curious Cat!
We're happy to have you here
Have fun and be nice! thanks
that one friend who knows you very well hehe told her na I'm okay pero ayaw nya maniwala, di convinced
Meme contest I heared?
Oh that's the only reason I find either groups hot...sebab mature. Somehow yang sebaya I ni buat sakit jiwa.
Tag nya kelupaan
A police
...in the toilet
Y me 'he encantas'.?
Realized some fancy shits done before
Thankyou thankyou...
Hamara sahara is anime, manga ya sometimes proejcts
i actually need help to differentiate renjun and haechan if you can send me a picture of them hehe
can't believe it, actually finished reading a book in a span of 1 day
Oh ,,
see it in the tweet
Thanks
We did thank you!! Phew
So, how do they do their cases?
hi ate ganda mo po hii po , thank uu!!
yieee
May nagaadik sa Netflix.
The first game we bring Rossiter back for is on a plastic pitch can see that going well
Hope the new drama is good, fingers crossed
Guilty as charged
Yung CoCo naging Coca-Cola
Dead ass
F w2tha t2rebn
when you're quite sure it's over but many ppl think otherwise
You had one job!!!
They laugh I laugh without understanding anythinG
Your Moon is here
Sorry sorry
Hahahaha omg the gif
Pasend
The last option is better
sino nga pong anak ni Uriel?
bukaaas HAHAHHA
To each their own I guess I'm good thanks! How are you?
Hope you guys fix the mouse bug. Couldn't play because of that
Aww thanks hahahaha
losing track I keep up boys..
saving this thanks in advance
Brown carbonara HAHAHA
Hahaha it is really crazy
Well... I gonna sit later on your head, jk, for now it's not the best
It's good that you're happy~ I'm doing well! Just need to be a little more talkative to finish my quota.
Hehehe..
Yes I was able to make. Thankfully
Excited for tomorrow , only bc Inhavw a job interview
If she does, imma mail her some cute little bracelets from work
When I hear sexy dance, I'm always reminded by Minho's 'OMG' performance in one of their concerts.
bom dia
I skipped the part where they went down the mountain with the bikes.. that was good but the video didn't come out well
HAHAHAHA alaaa sorry na! thankyou miss u more! Goodluck din
Did chemtrails make our planet Earth -flat ?
His loud snores thooooooo
Amazing song to get to. Going to play the 1 hour extended version right now
He may be crippled but atleast he aint re ... nvm I like my account
Waiting for the advertisements
Ma what? Not quite, home stuff as usual
Thank you i was about to give up
Penguin and Shoebill are all I can think of
kim wonpil is my bias so.. honestly i just can't think of anything to use as u/n
Ooooh! When I feel more confident in my drawing, I will draw something for you but it's going to take a while
Crush
My thoughts exactly
Never loved the villains this much
can you say hello?
Goodluck for the concert ... I'm team house tonight with missing tix.. .. so sick...
itu anda?
lost my respect
u not a threat
SUGOD KRN NAA NAKO'Y PAILHANAN NGA AKO NAG ASK OR NAA KOY IINGON.
Iingun na AHAHAHA faster!
I know it is but so afraid of doing it. contemplating doing it as I am writing this tweet.
I swear last time I looked at the clock it was 146, jeez. Good convos be catching me off guard
.....i should probably make a twitter art account
Am I the only one that wakes up early after drinking the day before
I still can't believe you can recognise a person just from Twitter it was great meeting you too.
I'm overwhelmed if I get one, and it's not my bank telling me I need to pay my credit card.
BGC (Bajada Green Coffee)
Overtime encode ug grades para dili ingnun busy sa school!
Yeah still a thing. Shane died like 7 years ago.
Well my entire argument against socialism in one tweet
Pls put your health first I'm not an athlete, in fact I don't even like to do sports but
So this diet that apparently been on for the last few months or years depending on how long you had known me
Oh yeah, I forgot about the selling part
Well, at least you can learn from the experience
error 303 picture not
run the game. come type
October 26 2019
We just need to expect terrible draws at this point
on them not me
I'd always push myself to be beautiful inside even if I can't be beautiful outside.
Ima just say as lil as i was a bitch was too big for that and could breathe
Pretty sure Martial now has 4 in his last 3 games
Come to meh!!!
Time flies when having fun
Have to admit I didn't look too closely because I hate the look so much but you're probably right phew
OMG, I feel for you. I've seen it when it aired, but it had been years since I had seen
Just Wow!
Fiksi
No extension duty this sem
GOAL MET
molothoo: facelesskinkyblackguyblog: dancingmuppet: Cheeky bastard. Lmao they some assholes
FIGHTING !!
recruiter sa mga tomboy hahahahahahahahaha insert ang founder
Are you going to send the Burnett Stone model to TOMY so they can release it in their capsules?
I succeed for disappointing everyone.
I didn't win though! I've been having a lot of cracker games, just I'm always on the losing team!
You the reason she love her life she gets to have her cake and you eat too
Felt extra cute today cuz of my look but my mom ruined it by asking where I got the curtains from
Talk about misdirected anger issues
Lol fuck it I'm high
i watched give me a chance mv so many times that now i cant get used to the chinese version also namanana
Unfortunately uninstall not working for me
Lol only you know the difference. to any other person they all look the same
Noooo... La plastica nooooo
I knew it! Shouldn't have trusted someone like you.
That's why I prefer to be alone
He get Jimin siting on his lap last time, so smug he made him do it this time
Waiting for the advertisements Guru sir
My respects to the Avengers are levelling with my respects to Harry Potter. Need to pay for a movie next time.
I think anyone that uses proc gen is lazy
Kok flat earth ya
Why always in my life must reminds me of her? What the curse that i've been through ni?
Oh no... i might ask her to do a mini concert for me. Or we'll talk non-stop about girly stuff.
very aware that racism is global, institutional, systemic. All I was referring to
Ne me chasse pas hein.
Uhhhhhhhhh... guys...
not sick not sick
Its you thats gatto be strong..
Platform could be challenging than life sometimes
Dei adhu theriyudhu da but a nice illusion
Tita..
Nanglibre ang SK
la ?
Literally slept the whole day
Emm.. I thought that was Jang Ki Young..
Uhhhhhhhhh... guys...
she cool or whatever
I'm not really ready for MSD Hello Sungjae! It's Hyunsik's
0
Bored. Pero andami aaralin, wth.
Haley Ryder - JOI Gym Clothes
It's when a guy wearing sweat shorts caught you staring down there.
Hope they don't run out of chairs
Ander reaction to Anthony 2nd goal against Chelsea
a person like you shall never develop spiritually
Even if they aren't engaged, Aaron Rodgers is still a lucky man (18 Photos)
the name of it please?
wait to get my lashes done tomorrow to cheer me up
thank you!! tho i got really lazy towards the end
Need my hair cut and I just want to part with my money
I actually sang it in my head
Must be a bug, the github actions one is one I was working on recently, now it's leaked
looking into this with
Loooool sometimes ya ina rush
Gone are the days when the regular section at a Reggae event is insecure. Huko densi na sherehe Tu
Next holiday please...... Osaka
And I dont know whats up with your 1+2 breaking too
Its fine u r qualified anyway
you know when u slight kinda parinig hahaha and they make bili sweet naman ng daddy-boyfriend ko
wait to go home
Uhmm... PH Mydays, thoughts?
I haven't got my heart racing at that level in a long time... I think it's time
Also so long as we have power at the house when I get home, I'm going to do some video editing~!
...You know, finally.
only Thailand that got two and they deserve that. we cant even sell out one day so we complain
To game or to rest? I'm torn.
hi ate!!! HAHAHAHA ingat always jan
Stream is going to be a bit late today because I got up 30 mins ago sorry
Coming back to sydney with heaps of memories, and added weight
Got to see a lot of balinese food and culture,
Cant right now
See how kind I've been to not mk you get headache over what to buy for me I care about you caring about me o
Mailhan gyud nga di louisian if in ani mo spell sa amo school hehe
First out of town trip with Raya was a success! tired AF tho
Was at the beach
And I did something for you guys
Hope you guys like it
We are all grand now!!
20weeks with no2 so finally the sickness has stopped
How are all of
ML tournament yata to
Awww, I see I see, thanks anyways, wanted it to be complete if you have a friend or know anyone
10 weeks left of 2018, so I have 10 weeks to actually make something out of this year
You should the one defending her up with u?!
Oh no no no. I gotta go back inside that forest???
Oi im way past mid life
Nomad love Going all in babii let's git it it feels so good to be back
*slowly and peacefully dying
G???? nu itooo?
actually just a picture of their flyer
Since I eat everything that crosses my path, mom has decided that I have to wear a muzzle recommendation
lol the system encountered some errors. We working to fix it
This gone very well has it Dan
wish me luck, start na ng immersion ko bukas
Rule#908 - chill din pag may time bru
Definetly blacked out and stole someone cooler last night
last night was fun
No money*
always in a sticky ass situation
B4 you reach tha 8 months you'll know that you're no more in a relationship.
Before u date anyone new tell them u need a k150 non-refundable time wasted fee just in case they playing childish games..
Shoba I thought that was just banter based on how the Burna Boy tickets had a BOGOF offer?
This is brilliant! Flowers you can eat
I woodnt day anything if I were you
See my pinned tweet
...Shit happens
Funny
alexa really sucked at this game smh she was laughing all the time
I tried my best
Belum tauu
His is the only version I actually wanted to hear
HEY CRUSH, PANSININ MO KO!
My scores not even made that poll
You no get enough already
Nomad love Going all in babii let's git it it feels so good to be back
Yeah, but I was on about
I have a cat called Misty too
Pencil Lead's color scheme looks closer to the pony from BFE
Patience pays off
It's fine po hahaha
Should we play the game here?
- Dan
I thought your toys were gonna be wine ngl
Wait wat? Which part of this shit does the painless refers to?
u comfortable to be with kasi u kalog as well hahaha
Just arrived home. I will watch the album review later
I mean, I drank tea there, and now I drink tea here, so I relate
For another few weeks!
No, he's actually very handsome but I had to get up at 430 for work.
I think i found my future chick, this time not a joke
Stay tuned for more updates in whack ass love life coming next week
Don't forget your wingman this weekend (75 Photos)
Naks
We call them thing one and thing two
mom told me that she'll confiscate my phone on tues (bc exams) lmao bakit ako matatakot
Podias oferecer
Tamam
Sorry I usually take pictures
Nomad love Going all in babii let's git it it feels so good to be back
Kegabutan ku....
All dat money only notes i have ever touched
So... my original account got locked
Anyway...hi~
Because you can't get anything done if you always work 12 pm - 9 pm.
Still pisses me off that people think it's a choice
Good old days
My post just got lost on the TL
Omg thank god I find any cinemas near me that showed it
We know we good and who we cater to and we're fiiiiiine.
l hope he kisses the badge again
Oh...Economic Rankings? Spectacular Whataboutery!
Hmm. Sounds like our " Understanding the Self" subj. I'm looking it now.
Just had my clean out... nearly 300 people deleted
Some tricks come out nice sometimes.... Lot of training just trying to get little bit closer to masters.
.
Girls that'll make you want to root root root for their team (30 Photos)
I should do this
Remove your GDPR-violation detector and read this thread
Wow there was a chevron ten cents less
I'm finally through with 3 different designs. Be prepared to receive all kinds of corrections tomorrow.
Yuta from NCT if you aware from somebody else telling you
Lmao wontak really wants to challenge rapping
maybe, idontknow
Please don't ask me why I like you. I probably won't stop talking.
Barriguinha lisa
The heart comes out today..
Oh yeah?? We for start dey practice the lifestyle
oh i see... more worried to have to queue up vv early
wow so i was kinda like nothing to you huh?
hehehehehe okay lang yan ateeee
I got mine by eating food !!
GREEN SURG!
One of my favorite daddies. Sis suka tengok dia ni. Geram wei!
that guy on Instagram
hahaha di naman pooo,, pero we can be friends naman po hehe
May saved account ako dito. ano? I-fofollow ko ba?
SALAMAT MGA MAHAL KONG KAIBIGAN. Arch.Rafael x Arch.Vhea
Los domingos no se hicieron para trabajar
I am sorry I am like this
Hahaha blame the girlfriend bro
Just woke up from a terrible nightmare that the Buckeyes got beat by 29 points Purdue. Seemed so real
Do you snowing enough to say that blocked in my drive way and go to work
Cuz I retweeted them? also did that just in case someone would help them hehe
I guess I entertain her good enough , oh well
Mi hanno restaurato
The lunacy gets worse each day! Ask them why dear leader never talks about these immigrants:
That reminds me of choreo
Burn your bra and join the revolution! (33 Photos)
HULI KA!!!
Das stimmt
I feel so old now
Aunty is the one who wears the pants in this marriage. main aaj say unki fan
HA HA HA
Went out for final day ramen, and ended up buying out a candy store on our way back...
what kaisoo?? i honestly don't remember
Your doing fucking great Brent
I vowed I wouldn't be caught out.
Tad asli
TRIPLE AUGHT DESIGN (TAD) Stealth Hoodie LT (No Patch)
Fast forward to nov pls
They were not too busy to skip it, huh!
Hisoka en Shinigami classe
Do you think snowing enough to say that blocked in my driveway and go to work
Can knuckles swell after punching something. Because my definitely has
ano narealize mo? I love myself more than anything.
The queen of queen. Mine bias is jobless trainee. Play hard to get.
Lagi main games games apa ya kira2
Merci
Relativism
Yo! the best, always been the best. Kakamiss kaman sana maging close kita utro sugad an dati i hope
I finally finished another artwork
ehe yes i took the picture just now depan my apartment je
ok branch office daw ako next week. pressure ah
stupid
I know you'll enjoy lunch and I hope you'll have a couple of bites too Have a lovely Sunday over there !
know she a lesbian
chingudeul please recommend me some (free) romcom webtoon that i can read (= eng sub ), thanks in advance
Good luck to all eyeing for the SG tickets. I think the ticketing site is down
Dem be ever first to eat from the apple... Whats u
the best way to make your friend forgive you ahaha
All the time.
oh wow, you go!
No quiero acabar
Now you have settled, go and kontinue with Dms
VERY
TWO days 'til I turn 20
My birthday's on the 23rd but I'll be celebrating it on the 27th with a benefit gig
easy win by Huang Yaqiong and her partner
Ehhh I donoooo , not lookin good for ya.
Happy birthday sirrr!
Your my one of the favorite and your's way was
I am at work so much I have dreams of oversleeping
panira ng gabi
Sorry to tagging you first two that came to mind
Hello oktober , Halloween
Welcoming Monday so unprepared Worth it tho!!!
sorry I am very Ojiro deprived since there was no chapter
Khaawp khun maak (I hope I spelled and said it right if not I'm sorry hehe )
That's ok, hopefully next time I just get too anxious speaking within a crowd
And I
I dare you to follow me
Rose Red Facialed by Lex Steele's Massive Cock
I cheated in class a couple times
When you Waite for her all night y te manda a la verga last minute
Amber is here to remind you what fun in the sun is all about (34 Photos)
RT
INI LAGI
Boom 30k T ! Time to dig in hun and keep that flow going
Woah
Mag over think
guys not trying to talk about money haha just wanna show that all 3 concerts are different
Of I can travel lightly!
On my way from Holland to a rural place near Venice. To write a book on The
If you woke up on this good Sunday you better
*a sigh of relief*
You alive now??
Please stop confusing me! Well YEEESSSSS! i'll marry you KAJA!
Get back in the game with some sexy girls in sports bras
Wem geht es auch "blendend"?
So we saw seo but no one saw hyo ?? I think hyoyeon is taking that ninja title a little to serious
Have to wait with the Champions League coming up
Oh! That's better. A free sub domain tho if not self hosted
Well this sucks
I'm hungry.. want eat someone ..eh want eat omelette Okay, bye twittarrrr
Me and Eden are contemplating where to eat. One of the hardest decisions of our lives
Hyewon praising her daughter again.
.y Sonic Mania is already not CIB - I somehow lost the little cardboard insert that held the game case in place!
"F*CK Y'ALL"
JUST PRACTICING MY MILLIONS SPEECH!
Hmm, can we even make it to 10M though?
Still possible?
Mann that's messed up
..trying to find gold?
Lezgo
Run and hide
Btw I've told you once Banu is better than them.
Im so shit at these 6 day timer instead of a 6 hour too.
Back to room with Pavitra dinner . Finally The Game Night . And l funny discussions with Alexa.
I see. I thought kai found something abt yena's family from todays teaser
I didn't have breakfast & lunch waiting for them lol
Will eat now
I'm not that type of person that you think i will be
|| He will call him Daiki then or maybe Panther
dahil gaya gaya ako, ako din. gimme number
I think the fourth is beautiful
High-res Bad Ideas for your weekend (63 HQ Photos)
me today
TO THE LEFT | All move to the left before it becomes busy.
Well going of what posted, they might be taking a stand on our climate of some sorts
I wish I said it not daid it
Always Online Pero wala man ka Chat Hahaha Payt me ? or Feel me ?
This is so me
okay just saying but the fact that i have proper mutuals right now makes me really happy
RT
No worries
I've been posting them at pretty quiet times
Got
Oh yeah!
is that true?
studying for my chem II test while at work now cause i know tonight ...
Just some thoughts sorry for a longwinded response to your q
Ughhh I thought he's sleep talking
picture ba? wait smile ako.
Ohhh??? Naeun bb! Was Hayoung with her? OG soshipink
I could not resist. You made me fall for this
Last night was lit asf, felt like I hopped in a damn time machine all the old faces I saw
Facebook
Lol not everything is a sign thing. I do this and a Libra
if the tune bangs
Kilig yung spike-block moments anu?
Yeeey
me too imma stay up not just for exo but for my accounting quiz LMAO :(( i mean we never know, knowing sm
gonna be a nice roast since fairy Jimin. Im good with it
Zaboumobile EPJ Toussaint 2018
Just want someone I can get food with on a Sunday
Very nice but I'm tempted to say something else
5am, I need to go back to sleep enjoy the rest of your Sunday Love You!
got a follow request on Instagram and I was like uhhhh check this out please
me every time we have people over /
DAMMNNNN! Leveled him!
Oh yeah, those were the days But I never saw smoke whenever go to those RX events though
yesterday was a dream come true
thank youuu AGH batch 4 team "Palawan" twas a fantastic experience
Sorry, this is old but is tht dialogue legit or.. haha genuinely curious im a m34ns41nt stan too
easy win by Huang Yaqiong and her partner
Sorry Friends I Was On Night Duty Yesterday I thought Of Posting The Teams Unknowingly I Slept
Rest You Know
Was a good night
Are those Rhizophira mangle? They look slightly different, but in the Caribbean we only have 4 species so not sure.
Pero my effect pa ah. Controllable naman galing
If you had to put a number on it, how much would Gervinho pay per head at a buffet ?
Oh boy well at least the camera was a happy find otherwise
We have smutdar.
I hope I don't catch my monthly period next week. Though the chances of getting a hook up might be slim tho
HORROR PO PLS
U too pls eat more and make sure u won't get fat haha. Yeah i guess we talked before
This was a hard grind not that lucky consisering i had 5 in 30 min last CD, but happy nevertheless
Diet starts tomorrow
i notice that bfore
sahod na thank you lord.
Kanang date ni og kay out of the country (Hongkong). Kita ani Out of the Box lang jud kutob.
Always fun to see the ski slopes without the Ovronnaz
15) the pain from the fresh operation I just had hehe
Lol
Polo Football Park
It's a war between the new me and the worst me
The pillow
the Norwegian one is also correct! aww would be super cool had your last name been Le as well. Is it Nguyen then?
Pretty sure Jena Mays could beat me up, and I like it (21 Photos)
Thats okay, i read about all ships
Macht der Satz so Sinn?
Using higher mass fraction, the production decreases at all tested substances, even up to zero.
Hi, i'm always awkward.
Co tam wish, I would be fucking with these guys. ??
yea I know dude
Yeah true without knowledge is grave
I still cant believe MINO perform Body and TOTL in front of his mom and sister
Hahaha actually she make universes theme
The worker that I asked don't know about it luckily one of the workers knew about it and told me
I think its not a horror hahaha its more of a thriller
Another "Good Morning Football" for me
uhh... my mom forgot to buy star for our christmas tree so ya girlie use Jae standee instead i got from the
The irony of getting humidifier for a sinusitis problem but you still smoke
Lol one day maybe
just smile even if it's hurts
this is just soo
Perduts? No, que va!
SAAAAAAME. Multiplayer is too nice for me to wanna play anything else right now
Haha maybe you should consider..?
unnier only have two sweaty hands and a hot phone
Have you ever loved someone who love you back ? i never have that feeling so wrong person to ask
Agreed with you.
Also it was kinda hard to read your text
But yes SAO and Fairy Tail are
Ikaw pala ito?
No worries sorry if masungit ako at some point, gutom lang.
Are you among them?
Jgh
O diba palaban ang nose.
Patron gets me everytime
And you work in the morning
At least meron haha
Same height
Visit the midget bar and watch them wrestle, box, sing and do comedy?
"Kaki" Ahahahahaaa.a.a..
This is a very funny name
Yes, persimmon is grown in Russia too
Hello sa pasaway nato
no hehehe talking about a college admission test
Aww, thanks
but I think the Nr. 1 is the kitten
I am unconditionally in love in his eyes
ALERT ALERT
WHATT
In 10 DAY there is a LOVE ALERT
(had to say it )
He is saying there are more
( I mean link of more images so I can download all of them )
That is art!
It's been days twitter
Bukak2 tw jumpa banyak tw pasal hanteo.... Mind someone help me why everyone tw abt it.... I'm so slow right now
Haha been listening on and off for 9 years by now
ahhhh
just like seoul i guess ?
Our first hike together ft. LANY song lyric on every photo. at Mt. Maculot
Kinda miss my short hair.
Unscathed lol, lost my footing just as the marshal said be careful
In the far left below shs, it looks like wja but am not sure tho
waaaaah i am slowly getting into the circle
Yeah I'm weird
kind of you,
wow You guys are pro at this fangirling thing hehehe I never hoard merch
Idk any ariana song so I recognized what Yoon sang
It's a little far for me Thanks for answering
nothing, I emphasized the beauty
I just need someone appreciate me.
Eh why not
What languages do you speak? English and bits of broken urdu. I can understand gujrati but cant speak it
older than them but they can adopt me, fine.
My bad, I'm only know a bit about japanese.
worry a self drag but also he smokes in the room which makes it worse
Oh ! did you spit on him?
because apparently they wanted all the girls back then who are probably all fat and ugly now
familiar Love ko i feel the same naman po e
maybe the victim was a chicken I am just saying
What a naughty convo
I'm excited for November to use this hashtag...
Same goes to me . But i do appreciate what i have right now even need to be jealosy with someting like this
Jgn lupa makan
I guess somebody who was following me like that I retweeted pic
It feels weird listening to the demo
and u think you are in school.
Not my finest work.... but the pressures of them being in a public tweet got to me
the Hayley effect
poor lobster
qtp2t kiel huhu tho voice memo lang still the kid inside ang cute
Imagine not thinking the best to ever play the game, silly people
see the face
Just premiere pro. I don't use after effects, too much for me to learn
No problem po, sir!
Angel is closer to the answer. My instinct says so.
Greasy Dick.. RT and Like if u missed seeing this dick
Does anyone else wake up horny or is that just me?
Sunday drives with my sister...
Excuse her laugh ... we all have ugly laughs tbh
TL tense cues wajellwa... hahahahaha
Less stress more champagne
Highlight of the night getting in to a scrap with 2 lads and one of them tried glassing me but failed
Joke lang
second sem na pala bukas. new blockmates din. lezgo bsn 1-5
Happy 40th monthsarry dude hows the feeling dude?
And also its was my first to makes some efforts like this
Sorry Keelin, I love you, but your brother and Danielle are my parents and I needed to focus of them
They are
It's first time when I understood smt English completely without translater
ours departs at 11am but at least a direct flight back to Chicago thank god
I HAVE THE SAME BAG AT THE LEFT SIDE OMEEGEED ANFD ITS FROM DIDI (CHINA ACTUALLY)
I am too waiting to be blocked by her
Oh
social life is going to be dead for a couple of weeks
Antrian nasi babat cak yasin
oh too much it would be a pressure for me to receive that title
Lol, tomorrow should be interesting
Weddings will do that to ya
Powtah smol things
You think you are keeping yourself for right one...lmao You haven't been told er?
im worried by tbs entry will end up too long
Also Magikarp was a very desired one /
im worried my tbs entry will end up too long
I did the tweet, now I hope people will do it
Glad home safely. Now that all left, the weather is being nice
Sorry, impulsive
sorry, Tita Rox. I thought everyone here was ready for a picture like that because dad
Gusto ko icorrect yung spelling ni sir hahahahaha
Can we not ask why...and just accept it as a beautiful thing
I thought I could just get over u
You know getting closer to The South when you see this sticker in the toilets
I know tempting but pls
... The Legend of Shahbaz
Move in and help
Which show is ur most fav ????
BB 11
Or
Ace of space
I hope u will ans this
this will turnout as an endless debate.
You can be clearly not very well
No worries!
I want a shirt that says 'I'm ghost proof babyyy' because it's a Shane quote.
netflix has even got Twilight oh hot damn what
time for me to become a gamer
We do not talk about that
I'd want a if my GalaxyS7 broke.
Why you no sing Pablo yesterday for
I was so waiting on it
Made something to eat nale
Bootylicious Butts To Shut Any
Honestly, diko rin sila kilala.
First of many brain stimulation session tomorrow at hospital... oh fuck
today, today is NOT the day.
Hahaha!! remember when you totally get mad!
We gotta do better than that
30) lol im not listening to any song atm, but im watching a local tv show atm
I dunno with them. Pero planning to. Haha. Try sad apply.
Jinhone hai koun yeh pe select kiya unko bolo follow Kare
Gotta mute this unpaid voltrons in my mention. Lmaooooo at your celebrity who cocky enough to handle a heated statement
70/100
This is literally not a duck
Not that I know much about them, but I mean time flies I guess
So I just put on an old pants and easily fit into it. Pero malaki pa din chan ko.
look, how tiny our soobin is
Hahaha if only he can do that in malaysia and im still feel so frustrated that he need to wear
Fany oon
May point ka man din keer. Never assume unless stated lang jud ta
The Rookies learned a lot from this game. Good game. That a heartbreaking one though
Mood:
T'was a game full of feels. Congrats Creamline!! Bawi next game Ateneo!
Ay.... sila rin ba susunod na magkalaban?
Can someone me on the vagina thread? I mean for real though
Exactly! they are too lazy call them by their name
splurging on clothes
always lol trying to hold myself from spending more.
If this me
Thanks for the catch, we fixed it
Ah ouf
HAHAHAHA same ate same
Tak faham masalah classmate macam ni
All japanese pd48 girls are just fake clown of them..
I don't know about that, but thank you
have to finish mine soon then!
babae!!! Nagbibirthday ka pala dejoke see you soon (I wish) happy birthday be
Un bon troll
Playing with him is always love beyond fun
o sol hehehe
had 3 asthma flares since 6 am .
Sorry i dont know just found it
At least you lock yourself out of the store. Again
The Hate U Give is such a good movie, big man like me was crying
Hello INBOX!
It's always fun to watch this again after that so time
I still do that till now everywhere
demi still posting on her private insta...she really loves to see us suffer
For emergency maybe? You can never be sure.
Arrey with a face like mine, tinder app itself will refuse to get installed.
Natawa ako.
I bother anyone from now on. keep myself away . tired of being needy
no chance (bawal patol taken)
Shiro meanwhile is with Keith
Grand Theft Auto V
Still hungry, but I already ate too much
Looks like is not only great for cleaning apartment but as well for uncluttering drive
Refollow par la occasion
Labeling all my sons diapers for daycare and realizing just how many diapers we go through
I MADE A VIDEO Sorry for the mic and weird vid
not mentally prepared to turn 22 next week can I just stay 21 forever please?
More of Carla Abellana than Rhian? Hihih.. o ako lang
what a weekend
The bites you are having on this
last night was something else oneee to remember that
Wow that was an intense q&a session
Ohboi my cat once caught a bat mid flight on our balcony but only carried it inside so I could catch and release it.
Fds
Gusto mo proof?
High people story
sooo ingani mu pronounce ug bowwow ang nga aussie? borrorr
Due to the small space, the boys can't seem to make their steps big as usual
Hair and make-up be me! requested by Carmelita kay mangukay daw siya sa Cogon.
Minadali naman ng coolsmashers! congrats Bawi tayo next week Ateneo-Motolite Lady
No need to hair flip
Merci! continu. Le CD tourne encore!!
Another fantastic original art by Exia xiaotong (XT-ART) for a game that I can't pronounce the name (sorry)
Gotta mute these unpaid voltrons in my mention. Lmaooooo at your celebrity who cocky enough to handle a heated statement
Never too drunk for reviewing
usually when i went there they overcharge stuff but this time the host was just cancelled. anyway, thank you!
I know the feeling i have the same problem
I noticed those juniors looked so happy that big senior idol like baekhyun bowing to them first
True.
I am, actually! Hahaha I meant that I was tired of laughing and reply with more dumb posts thank you for worry, Nossie :)
sorry, my bad. I must have missed it while travelling these days. They look amazing! I'd be
2018 please slow down, im not prepare for 21 yet
I got the NISA S1 set b/c it had a code for SIF
Had to ship it via a friend since NISA wouldn't ship outside US
Pure scenes when Mitchley equalised don't think I've celebrated a goal as much as that
i made a lot of poems today with the thought of you.
Maldito Corset
Richarlison hatrick and Wan Bissaka clean sheet
There aren't enough days in the weekend.
hahahaha i know right but anyway its all worth it Im still picky with tge merches i buy though
When you listen on their radio show every morning
Three days before my day comes.
Thank you so much, my Doodles Fam!!! Am so surprised, walang halong eme. HAHA
Mein neuer Rucksack ist endlich angekommen Es hat fast 2 Monate gedauert
nice little 3 mile swim this morning my legs are no longer in action!
damn. Lol I really hate starting over.
Ani unta ang Agdao rehab oy
6k
Yeah? All these media reports kept saying 100 metres
Do you defend my name when not around or do you laugh along with them
This is my grandma. Constantly on to me
i'm already editing next week's video as an excuse to avoid doing all my uni assignments
You've watched that?
About to have my second driving lesson! If you see me on the streets keep your distance
Ach so danke
Im either
This Or This
no in between
Literally in hell. Edom to be exact.
So the people that brought me Joy live in an old school. 10k square feet. I just cannot even imagine.
We fly out for Vegas Wednesday and already freaking out about getting on the plane.
Right
Salamat na recruit din
clarification lang guysss email abt combined shipping are for buyers na naka receive na ng arrival notice for all their orders
I want to be home on my couch watching This is Us all day but instead at work
Ma dove le trovano certe robe?
Thank you Snapchat for reminding me that a year ago I hit my lowest point and for reminding me that a year
Not bad. These times I still need to play Origins
Hey, is it halal or haram in for an Imam to be this handsome?!
Hehehe...
He looks so much better
Gulped for air after trying to hold my breath coz I mistakenly thought this is in one recent photo.
FELIZ DIA DE LAS QUE LA PASEN RE BIEN CON SUS MADRES Y NO LAS HAGAN ENOJAR COMO YO LO HAGO CON LA :v
I have my money prepared for this. But let it be next year okay
oh thats great! have fun watching it~ im a bit frustrated when the mc didnt get their concept hahah
Just when I wanted to buy the light novel
So much planned for next month, am not mentally nor financially prepared
Finally first Medium post is out
Always been in awe of it's minimal design and yes it is beautiful.
Learn how
: because is not ture
To all the ponytails i've lost before
Am I the only one who sleeps in the bed with my friends all cuddled up?
CuAse we family
C'est
One of the most funniest scene in
At my and their internet is too crap to load our messenger archive.. If you find it post it i guess
Eum henry golding bukannya di crazy rich asian?
Juste mon Instagram *
wts this si so cute even tho im not into boyxboy
Army green being current addiction
Dze English.... not Se English....
in the eyes of them, we're just messy teenagers who is always addicted to gadgets from the day starts until the day ends.
Raagad and Fanger. Onting push and consistency pa.
was Gliding, wow all the little touches now if only they could fix the
Iyap
my friend also told me the same thing
what mang
Been follow for a long time now
iPhone 6 Terjatuh
Touch Screen Problem & Wifi Problem
.
Free Check & Service
Di Kelengkapan kami
Si TD
she even asked why when i share the post i never tag her and my dad cause they were gonna pay half for my tix i
My money is still on weather
This is a lie 24 Where are the thirsty guys who would go to see her body ? Eyoh
like always
that's why I really hate to start a conversation
Amel dtg bawa waro segunung
Gilman looks like he's wrestling Dave Schultz
Eres chiva ?
Maybe someone finds it as funny as i do watching my younger self
Day off be like
Eat all you can
Panihapon dala pamahaw na ni at SM CDO Downtown Premier
Yho, yho, yho, ngwana!!!! so basic, please! all just trying our best, akere?I have so much
Ah hodhi, tisvikeiwo pano. Tasimudza musoro.
My GOAT , I have been titmatised.
Last night, at nearly 1AM, I ate some pizza, why am I like this?
Just to let you know, Jordan Rossiter will be back in 7-10 minutes.
If you ever been w someone that makes you feel confident o ka e tsaya di video shame.
If he had more experience he would of killed more he means, Forgive him how many
Ya liberty rider au pire
4 cervi baciati dal
Quale uso oggi?!
5 clinical days left and be 50% through my clinical experience portion of PT school!
Being vulnerable easy man
HAHAHAHHAHAHAH ash pls you spoil me with so much support and love im just answering questions tho
cours
I'm actually the opposite I thought he was good looking & charming in a certain way but the angry
If it isn't Monbebes who were complaining every comeback lol
I cut mfs off onna daily think u smn special baby.
I stg I'm never drinking again, last night was so messy.
So I baked them oatmeal chocolate chip cookies pretty tasty: lots of texture and not too sweet, even with the
after 3 hours pa magrereply yun
been up since just glad back to feeling normal.
Il a pas baisser son froc.... sauf en face de Macron
I swear love, nobody in this church look like they know what's twitter
Weekend with unlimited pork ribs
Adorable ...well... and hot
Sack the Manager
We all thought it was a penguin at the time but then Minseok said it's a woodpecker!
Only ponds touches my skin hahahahaha
Tomboy na may Mio or lalaking mukhang tomboy?
Lol you could also enjoy while cooking it too.
Emmm,confius jgk
HAHAHAHAHA. Woops. Kita mo na? Din > Rin
Well, that's how alter works.
My apologies.
It has become a thing where I send daily Bulk Barn coupons.
Me and Fer are going through it right now..lol
The stuggle
followback sa twitter :D ano username mo?
Lol Ik I was nervous too but that's okay! Remember to Love Yourself and Respect Others We Purple ARMY
It's gud that I know the meaning of this expression but actually I have been trying to improve my
YES! passed now
I dont get this
So accurate
Oh im so sorry hahaha Sorry sorry sorry.... And sorry at sorry ulit
Siri gibt mir recht.
Aq dark tapi nga minty minty
Marin Tells Mori to Shutup
not gonna lie I laughed and quite too hard if you ask me nfjdjsjdj
Okay we need to calm down HAHAHA don't get too excited (like I did). I guess Hyuk didn't mean it THAT way. and
Feeling sleepy
Relative level of actual interest compensates here.
*GS graduation pala
Hahaha pisteeee
Drop a selfie or Two for the
so name them
Dining in today - don't me
a good pace! Think I need to go back to the 25% mark, completely lost on the bit at
A miniature version of my arrow trap, incase you were interested probably far from the best
Why is everyone sleeping when I need them
The suns out. not that cold lol. literally walking in this bitch sweating
Looks promising
Who wants to help me fight him? I go alone he might step on me
Shoot by iphone 6s + vsco maaflah, baru belajar edit ni
Rest mode is ON..
Kinda tired with my laundry..
People come and go..
And if he's the one, I ain't letting this
Who else sang both the caption and the reply to this photo
I am sooo curious rin how true is their reputation when it comes to sex.
game, walang basyo
Gane labi nako! focus on me
9GB out 128GB free space. Please assist in clearing space. Time to shrink logs. Rerun abend. Char. 12k+
I was thinking about watching it too and not a scary movie/show watcher
My version of this meme .. sorry for my bad
BoJack funeral episode. Wow
When you now cool with your enemy
it just really not my luck
wait i'm confused rn, did you use another acc?
Ahh :O i'm from indonesia too
no wonder your
Ay shit. Dami kong ifoformatt
Front row, baby!
Vous battez pas , de toute je me ferai mon propre avis
Army followers? on IG but I post about bts
Jaejoong fanboy level we understand
What is review?
x astro
It's a lovely day for the \
pie was a said Danny where does he come up with these descriptions
The not so summer shot at Tugas Spring Resort
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
True story
I don't know who is it..
This foil placement just BLOWS me away. Such inspo and pride wrapped up into a tin foil tower of
Chittaphon Leechaiyapornkul - Idk why but he is perfections and maybe we are Southeast Asia
Seeing your review from 2016, I was gonna suggest you try it again I agree the base building is somewhat wonky.
C'est beau avec la guitare hein ?!
i don't follow sunrise hiding out here and there
59 years lol only missed one
2nd day in a row watched the sun come up some depressing shit
thanks sa padinner at sa pa beer sira diet ko
sorry , yeh it actually terrifying
Share Please if you like it
Leave your notes (it's important to me)
Any suggestions
haha I can't with you
I just forget messaging hijirin and when I will leave a message....she's just done replying alot. My luck to hijirin is bad....
I've been listening to LANY non stop the entire day. I'm not even exaggerating.
Yes Just For THIS Job You Did! Not the word HIS! trust that voice recognition
So I'm burying my timeline with happy thoughts. This is a happy thought, I suppose?
I need to catch a fucking break
I dare not
The not so summer shot at Tugas Spring Resort
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Uh oh lol not good...
I just love it. The smoke from the fans alone. More than shatta's shows
wel they are good actually
i wonder what will they after 2nd of November
lmao right although i would gladly do that for him
My apartment is full of empty water bottles
L'OM se fait bouffer
She probably discovered you call her and is planning on being just that when you get back
THIS IS BULLSHEET OF PAPER!
you cannot compare a wood from gold
The Beatles has a sensible and real music.
As lucky in football as I am in love...as the band points out
Max, please keep yourself busy to hold Hamilton behind, leaves alone will ya?
I still get that feeling that there it
NO COMIMOS !!!! MUERO DE HAMBRE
I question my decision of getting a Benz with my driving skills
woo hoo........ chubb td. finally
lol.
phew!
Haha!! I do have a masochistic streak where I like watching bad films tbh
ugly ass Bitch guess he needed a downgrade
Lol i feel you. I watched it so many times tho. But the first time was kinda scary cause i was alone by myself
La joie de la SoloQ
Well.... I mean....
We live week to week on this podcast plus, with the episode we have planned for our return, I
Vamos a chambear!!
Slim really being mean to me right now just wait until I get back home
Their agenda is to keep you chubby forever
Not drinking ever again
This thread
My heart is pounding. What a race this has been
Song hai . Us k lyrics hain
I would have participated today as well but I forgot
i honestly just wanna wear my wig now
These does ain't loyal
Really need some Lebron lakers gear, all I have is my old Cavs stuff
mortin
My day would have been fine if I had seen this post earlier
My testicles
When you grew up in El Paso andbyour best mom use to try to scare you with La llorana.
I added a video to a playlist No Problem, Im An Elementary Student Too..
Ok, given the result at that moment, guess dying soon!
I have fantasies and daydreams about doing this
Damn been editing on only an iPad for a year now
Wow! Que gran clan
Pero mis cartas todas al 9
Gracias por invitarme
Talk about taking matters into your own hands
Got us out the jam
My problematic tweets are gonna end me too if they come out
When Your Temp Hires Turn into Your Model and Bookkeeper
.
.
Major Shout out to fitness_fonz and j4vie7 thanks
Nope, it is supposed to start on the 22ns but people are already tweeting try and join!
Tell me if you find one, and ask them to teach me too please....
Torrey is paying off
This is like 80% of my chats
Work sucks rn. Snapchat me though?
I cut a and have washed my hands so many times yet every time I touch my face or mouth burning
Read the print on the photo.
This always happens as soon as someone starts becoming successful
Me too, we need too stay of twitter
You can tell I'm smol?
And thanks
Shipping a bunch of orders tomorrow
Use code: baddiegang for 20% off your custom order this wknd - not
Haha there is someone offering to renew Meghan and Harry vows for their 5 months anniversary
He fixed it
The man on the KFC logo looks like Fred Sanford...
ignoring messages from the wrong person is something else
Birthweek is finally over ! think I could have made it another day Thank you to all the people that made
omg totally like we had a concert last week, a vlive and a performance yesterday... we're too greedy lmao
Learning to play a Vengeance Demon Hunter after not playing WoW for a couple years... Should be interesting
Man they were doing it ALL night. only way they could contain us
Are those Championship winning CREATIVES for social media ready?
Y'all... titas of California be matchmakers guys
Ready for next weekend
Not mentally prepared for the finale of tonight
I think a little obsessed pately with colours
It's obvious. They will add a letter each day and in the end it will say: "Ayo Hitman Bang introduces..."
No te olvides de este >> jaja
I've deleted what I was going to reply, not sure if it counts as toutin'
THIS IS BULLSHEET OF PAPER!
you cannot compare a wood from gold are yah jokin'?
The Beatles has a sensible
No but I'm not blind
Dump your trash on his/her doorstep in return, BUT organize the trash pile into 'STOP LITTERING'
No power in my neighborhood for a week OKAY
Just discovered
Okay. I think time to just do him a favor and unfollow. He can process his imaginary beef with me on his own.
we fuckin or Twitter coming to Brother Nature defense like mean 2012 was a different time
Lol girl I be like he play for them ?!
Bouna Sarr se ballon
RT Eating so much you become temporarily disabled.
advice to Seann when he got in the bottom 2 hammer her
Whewww chile
Tu
been deleted but yeah
Hey, angels meet my animal angel I was screaming like a bitch....lmao I felt like I was his dinner! And,
Lil bro tough
The amount of falsies I have
Everybody so sensitive
At least not leaving it for last minute
Hey, angels meet my animal angel I was screaming like a bitch....lmao I felt like I was his dinner! And,
All the spams, I am sorry
Rooney & Acosta partnership is something else
patient rights
..
LASA
Restricted Medication
High Alert medication
Las EXO-L son las mejores para crear teorias
How the fuck are we doing an unbiased sing off? You telling me Robbie aint gonna back the wifes act with her arms??
Well.. this kind of leader
Good luck!! I have about the same between EOS and TOD, reading them at the same time
Tuxedo Mask (my first ever crush) and Danny Phantom
House rebuild started over a year ago. Tomorrow going paint, wallpaper and tile hunting been waiting long enough
Non dsl... Cherche thread BTS Paris
Pareho pla tayo hehe!
Maybe next time?
Yes! My mistake
The japanese editions of your books are awesome, congratulations, Ken! (But I in love
Shot by my man friend
I need a new headset DK mine broke the other day
My cat was meowing in the bathroom trying to get my attention and I found him trying to ambush me.
Tough being a fan rn huh losing 5 straight
Watch what happened at 21:47 in fruit Box's broadcast: last one I promise maybe
False alarm! I found my boots
Reading through old conversations and realising how pathetic I looked begging for love Never ever again will that happen
Registered!! hope we pull some goodies! But....I usually pull
Nails done. Skin around the nails, almost.
Very much depends on when I am able to do this!
When I can, I will
He want that old thing back
You know how you think a song can never be better and then a great remix just happens. Phew!
I only got to kiss my ex best friends cheek once but I liked it a lot
Turns out I had enough leaf tickets to get it! I was way off on pokeballs
Sunday selfies
Its a soft copy on my phone
Hot
Maybe it's because Rosie wanted you to see her latest updates
Sauce walka a hoe ass nigga and Houston rappers always got something to say about Atlanta not a good look
Maybe just a glitch. No worries
If this me I know what is
Factoring in the time value of money, the inverse probably also happened given the current
so wishing I paid a little more attention in Spanish in high school
Great, you should be a man to stand your own ground.
gf? i don't know, nan molla
(WHO DO I HAVE TO FIGHT? RJBRDUJEJDJ just kidding )
keep all my future Craigie tweets separate
Good grief!! It's a different person......nothing gets passed you
Hey, angels meet my animal angel I was screaming like a bitch....lmao I felt like I was his dinner! And,
I couldn't see the light...now I can
Now getting too Cutler like
My daughters stopped changing their costume ideas I think it's safe to say I could go purchase them now
I mean, a cancer, and they wrong
Gaviscon
Klmenii
I can't contain this
The country that once ran the largest empire would have decided it even manage itself
The thieves came back. Got him for three giant weed plants. He got a armed dude camping up there now defending the rest.
Still too sexy, we need more blur
Nobody will ever give kersh or dodgers credit. Its so annoying...
I was convinced it was going with the jellyfish.
this just popped up on my memories and I feel it more appropriate now then ever
Thank you what i guess i meant is,
Kin hell fuming
a shame, really.. I date a cancer man myself cause that would be too
Mine went from 3.1 to 2.7 in 2 days
Smbd already started and I know I have them in my huuuge pics folder... wait
Aye o .. We go dey gist about am later abeg. I want to learn something new
went from 5 friends, to 4 friends , to 2 , to none oh well
Being able to keep villagers in your town and not having to play everyday to make sure they stay
Away to watch Game of Thrones for the first time to see what all the fuss is about
ARGHHH!
Sidjdlrdkkd
Totally felt the same way about season 2 but was shockingly surprised when season 3 happened it was actually really good
Welpppp my officially gone be a scorpio
Theito Miguel con la mami
Someone let know Patriots defense has to be if they practice against every practice lol
actually that name is perfect for you
This weather makes me want to break out the Christmas tree
Listo. Mucha fiaca x hoy. A hacer algo
Je baisse gentiment les bras !
*this topic
Come alive then
No stream today. Spending the day with the wife, spent too much time on cod lately
Hope you all have a great one
Making posole for the first time ever today kindaaaaaaa nervous lol.
Never thought I would be going for the panthers
so glad not the only one that bad I got stressed about crying because I really do not have the time to cry
From her first audition I was like. girl better be in the
On the verge of a heart attack
How do you blow a 17-0 lead in the 4th?
scared gna hurt more than when I got the industrial bar but I reallyyyy want it
Ek mere din hain guzarne ka naam hi nhi lete.. Totally free.
Aray i am totally happy
Aapkey fever tha, abi uth kio gye? So jao
Fever kam hua?
Marking and watching a film right now!
Jim no le cree
What is happening? Can someone please give me a quick catch up happening?
These seasonal hoes kicking in they all wanna cuddle up and get gifts then take off on us guys
He cant overtake with a faster car, fresher tyre and drs
From her first audition I was like. girl better be in the
Lot of funny people on here tonight..
Keep getting the giggles
His 3 year contract extension with the Jags keeps looking better and better.
Flemme
Putain
Wesh
Je te jure
Yay madala.. Wasn't me...it was the beers
What is happening? Can someone please give me a quick catch up on happening?
Pinche
The war over yet
+2
Lmaoooooo I even read this yet but yikesssss everybody is untitled to change ...
First weekend that I took off in a minute and everybody flaked on me
coming I had to handle you know what
Time to do another Corrupt Mim. I should be finished some time this week.
as soon as my confidence comes back, y'all better watch out
That's their business
Thats what they are saying and now he is driving lambos
Ive really procrastinated this tax return Efilling was pretty easy tho
day 18: "Bottle". Going for the official prompt because I couldn't resist drawing a beer bottle
I
only love sprung from my only
5 days!
Thank you. Singaphela buying and getting new clothes made all the time.
It's a... useful competitor and made typescript even better
I love cooking for my clients
I'll be posting updates
S A M E. But I want a man LIKE him I just want him whoops.
I am 23 turning 24 on November 7 Old asf
Great defence from Max
Whew , bout that time to start accepting boo applications
Idk I just see everyone doing it , sorry if I a-fended you
Yet to watch it but I know how they are gonna fake it like they actually love each other
Da em nada
[LIVE]
continues with us MAYBE finishing tonight
I want my hair done but I wanna do it
not he put his account on private to hide all of it
I think October wins for the most mental breakdowns in a month.
Oh my goodness.. yes
Jessica Rabbit won the vote on my instagram and Poison Ivy won the vote on my Twitter so now conflicted.
Ach xd
Flames are just for show car still slow
It's almost 4 in the morning and had to do this
omg.... this takes me back to UCLA frat parties
is always getting me into sticky situations
I wanna see ASIB for a third time, why do I choose to do this when I know gonna ball my fuckin eyes out?
With long hours of sleep. Mga 12 hrs.
I think my baby teething
Grant went to liverpool yesterday morning and I actually miss him
Not sure how many left but this week flew by. Can't wait for strath_lad to come home in for knows when I'm
This game is giving me gray hair
This computer programming class gonna drive me crazy
Ha just how I look when not smiling
man we care about shit back then. Twitter went downhill when they went public IPO and people
Give a fucking Shona translator!
When you try to write Computer Code on paper
There was a time where I used to get lots of love from twitter
well with me and be fine
If you have Thanksgiving dinner together, please keep us in the loop. This is quality content.
After all is said and done, more is said and done
I can promise you catch me a party without a bottle of fireball
Well duh son I'm your dad
The Haunting of Hill House...why do I do this to myself Only on the 1st episode as well
Perhaps. It's hard to come up with anything for Ben's shadowside, though.
Uber driver that don't have sense. Pack beside road, wash your hand and eat.
My boys costume yesterday all the kids were amazed by his belly
Vettel is still in the running
if Ashton would like to follow me while I'm asleep that'd be... cool
Just bought myself internet, for 7 days but we know how long we have to be here Starting to make
I need me a lil boo or some
These hoes say 2 much I think 2 much
Me this morning
What the hell, man?!
What sucks about getting older is being unsure about whether or not you're having a heart attack when you start having chest pains
Expert, it says! That's rich!
Faut se bouger Columbus
We'll have to wait for a week
ah. okay
well...ill bid for it. you know me - im helplessly whipped for jooheon
Good thing i am in egypt downing one coacktail after another. That makes the score easier plus sabres
so sore ... but imma still go back got the gym tonight
So my stomach will tend to blow up like a balloon
Ya know what i'll take that
Happy kimi won!! much deserved after that drive!
Wish I was back in town working for Christmas time just love the feeling
I guess a pussy ass bitch then
Had Thompson in my starting lineup. Thank god out. I threw Mack in out of desperation and a ten team league
Time to get new creatives ready again?
Garena
Kimi says on the radio
"The Gundam Killer" - Anime Crimes Division S1, Ep. 3
Her body nice tho.
Jij welkom op mijn Twitter
Time to get the mayo vodka out! Monday hangovers are starting to become a ritual
Ate double my body weight in food today I feel so ill.. get me back into a proper routine pronto
Unlike the snail' a mere shell of his former self
You would think I learned my lesson by now but probably not.....
thinking about the homework got this reading week
mjhe chahye
5 points to go
oh man
Jongdae is always on point my first bias is snatching me from
Not liking the looks of this. I guess when they get to America we just open fire? I say no harm no foul.
safe to say the bears suck
Ooh ok ok you got that
That was an intense last couple of lap Congrats to Kimi!
Domingou bb rss
Spin Been Crucial
Glad its licensed too... or it would be called something like "Breath of the Warrior Sword" or "Elf Warrior Sword".
Damn. What a race!!
Yes!!! So Happy for those last few laps thou Well done!
Damn this game
I think aged 10 years after that race
Last night was so fun I be allowed out tho
A good shout...
4. i used to have a nose piercing but my ears are pierced.. does that count?
You do know you're not alone there,right?
I literally hang around with the biggest group of gobshites but who cares they make me the happiest person in the world
She had an attitude in the summer but she being nice again
Well, definitely didn't expect that
in so much pain haha
Yeah I guess no point dwelling on it now thanks bud! Hope your trip has been amazing I head home today
//@DefiantAvenger Sorry about that this is embarassing I actually didn't see that part while reading man sorry amnesty on my part?
What a race
Expert, it says! That's rich!
Good flying with you sir, how to set you on again!
Pouca caipirinha
I'm afraid my heart cannot hold up
Thanks
Comrades on Discord want me to shill our server so here goes
Join The Socialist Server!
When Shivaay 'hated' her after first forced marriage
That was the last one the I get, was in the middle of the after party
Baker throws bullets man
But I shd hv to practice more, when they come I shd be like prodigals son father or Jesus with open arms Oh
all easy someone telling you what you wanna hear but if you act on it point in saying it in the first place
OKAAAAYYYY, we had a rough year.. but gonna come back around
Why are you sooo cute with Nobody has been this nice. Where have you been in all my twitter
Got a lil baby
I have to have 2-3 coffees a day.. I have a problem
again & again
welcome home
talk about obsession, all i have are pictures of leslie
now to find a new project for my free time
Our system just trigger it it ain't intentional but it's still our voice though
It happens. Life goes on.
I. AM. HEATED!!
It's no easy pal cycling and Italian lager don't go . I did a couple of nights then picked up
Nice movie but not Amazing
An evening tug to soothe the soul
If I was going to choose any driver to put in front of Hamilton to keep championship alive it would be Max
Hey!! I made a discord server its not fully finished its just a start lol but come join if youd like
hat trick
Obviously they arent ALL offense fuckin hell dude
my chest hurts more & more as the day progresses
Story of my life
My biggest vice is cliff bars/ things of that variety. I love them and crave them all the time.
And what about them
I have Melvin Gordon who play, Sony Michel and Bilal Powell who both got taken out of the game from injury and still up 50+ pts
My biggest vice is cliff bars/ things of that variety. I love them and crave them all the time.
Ha ok
Merci
wash your
on top...... that
Heard this nigga in the liquor store talmbout how he gon off smbdy & then he asked fa my I was scared so I gave it to him
I always get into last minute plans so hope w that
whm ich auch ned
I swear one of the worst things is driving and realizing a bee in the car with you
How did this man become even more fine than he already was? Jesus
I'll be in Montgomery a few times in Nov/Dec. Fun
Keep forgetting to not use my Twitter as a diary
Is it bad to say my favorite creators have always been the nutty ones?
Tite Kubo is
Lol I hope every boyfriend would start punching on them
That nigga u fuckin he lame ASF
Pure emotions.
I need an NHS registered carer today like
Carving a for the guest time ever. I've loved it tomorrow more!!
"Leave Me Alone, I'm winning a Grand Prix"!!!
I really wanna find people willing to let my socialize my dog with theirs even tho a huge asshole
Ahhh
a pet peeve when my black match my black... I be the only one
Franchement prends une chaise tu te fera moins chier
It's not like I knew nothing about Formula One before but thank you Nicki Minaj all the same
Whew
bruh a eagles fan that was a catch
I end just hugging/greeting everyone at cons I recognise people from somewhere & just assume I actually know them
I bought a Moomin one and I already love it
My chest
so sore...but still going back to the gym tonight
Sorry about all those retweets
one bean at a time, Lee... one bean at a time..
Holy shit I stubbed my toe so hard I literally am still in a lot of pain minutes later
/ believe I have to try and find an account to flip
Can I witness a pick 6 by Kirk Cousins today
I need you to set the tone tonight
Woah, that was a pick
I found them offensive before treason was legalised
Hhhhhm think going to have to go back to my 2011 tweets I wonder if I was tweeting wild back then
Hahaha ur arguments would be like, give this medic to this man and inject this anti biotic ...blah blah
I dont know what keeps me going
That's more like a sock than a shoe, Max.
It caught me so off guard
I know, right! Thank you!
Seems safe to assume this Noel Gallagher is an aging politician ....
Please tell me a headband and not a silver stripe in his hair
Carving a for the first time ever. I've loved it tomorrow more!! Great for doing with
Pretty much my reaction from my couch
That sucks! Sure
Got a lot of takehome foods. Mukbang ba
Bucs Defence finally deciding to show up this season Good timing
aah no really rushed. im sure will be amazing!
A wee rainbow cat ... They want rainbow everything!!! Even dinosaurs
Mood for life
Your booty, is it Irish? Can I kiss it?
Thanks lovely, I need the rest xx
ready to start doing visits
Ben ne bulduuuuum kendim
In the mood of dancing de cachetito
I love all my followers.
Ion kiss ass sorry
I've been saving votes for Seunggi.. I have around 15 votes saved so far not much but is something.. don't
Everything pisses me off the week before my period. makes me feel bad for people around me during that time
Wait, I can watch take it out of Prime yet. Wait till the end of the month!
Pretty sure there are tons of Hamilton fans who are pissed at Max Verstappen right now
Who needs family planning when you got us??? Jk Hahaha we gotchu
ready to start visiting schools
It's a concept
My mom has no chill when it comes to trying to give my number out to guys who she finds handsome
Christ, imagine that. As they chase home Presenting Percy
Plenty things dey mind that day as family man but she obviously was more prepared for the shoot that day.
Less people died under her watch yet still vilified
Freedom of speech
Never been happier to be wrong!!! please see this out!
After she has baby B I hope we get into a hoelotta shit
Fui ali
Yeah I do it so much that I think talking to myself in my head until someone hits me with the you talking to
I don't work for the Albanian Police
Reisss
NVM just use my main account
Gibe team
Just to give a glimpse of how my matches in went tonight.
I resist. Sorry
Upsi
Yoksa bu terliklerden mi giyiyor?
Can someone pls text me every day and tell me a fat fuck to help me lose weight
Oh, I was unaware! I have never been invited to a celebration before
wait for next weeks game
han aur tweet b sotay hue kia ha
When are these medical students going to start doing calls? I need their energy to disperse my workload onto
girls who wear nude clothing and are pale as literally give me the fear
You know you gotten any sleep when the bags under your eyes have bags
Aaannnnnndddd a fumble on 4th
Well, give the guy another chance
Audrey and i always have to set limits for ourselves before we shop bc we do a lot of damage if not
Today we filmed the first half of the music video for Powerful...Thank you to everyone involved in the shoot!
you better get on my level, go ask bout the youngan they kno that pressure
Eagles defense has to watch themselves dancing on film Tuesday. Thats tough
I stayed awake for 24 hrs and fell asleep for 24 hrs. how my weekend looked like
Thank God it matter
I thought I was the only one
Woops thank you
Welp. With 10:36 to go in the 4th I guess
i hate how quickly i can like someone even though i know damn well be single for life
More! more! more! More!
I have minded having a ref substitution during the game
Lol. Coming from a Sheffield and a Stuttgart fan. Keep it up.
Ah Cardiac Cats, never change
Or do. Please.
Oh man
Getting milkshakes delivered is one of my favorite parts of this country
Love of my life tbh...
Lately every time I press shuffle Need comes on first
Me and Matthew going half on a Nintendo switch for Christmas is the best idea ever, pair of big kids
Yo I put my panthers shirt on in the 4th quarter is that what changed the luck If so, never washing it again
a lot of penalties in one game
Askip on
Got the crib hot as hell with this stove & oven on Food gonna be good tho
Menudo pico
finally i saw for the 1st time!! haha you're so cute
Hoping im working from home tomoz
Non pas compris tout de suite
Miguel no
Okay, so this monologue went on longer than I expected I need constant reminders for myself and I hope by
That text Jas just sent me >>>>>> like can I get home already
hard being an Eagles fan..
Still believe we came back and won this thing
I'm getting exacerbated here, Desmond!
J arrive pas a voir
I sometimes don't look at the forecast. It was chilly in Raleigh this morning but it sure got warm by noon!
Touchdown for the Browns
FR. Like we all said and did dumb stuff when we were younger. Literally NO ONE would be safe.
On first sight it look like TTYCT video, but they you realise it's more like Tessa & Scott video
Bon
J'ai aucune excuse !
hmmm be annoying or no?
Our new motto
Humble yourself until to game is over
Thanks friend. currently renting from amazon. I was wondering about chegg for my next book
got some more maths to do now...
Whew what a game! cardiac cats never seems to fail to give me a heart attack
Mdr si je je la garde
Adult film actresses and their Snapchat accounts for your... friend who asked (19 Photos)
Shoulda pulled a Doni
In my next life I wanna be Bella Hadid or Armand Rizzo
Loved Down among the sticks and bones, hated 7 deaths of Evelyn Hardcaste
Lee just went to coias for us and bring me back anything that I asked for
Guy vex me oh
I want
be happy if i could name this a small bag someday great pick man
Didn't have to mention me g
just so satisfying to see the Eagles lose
I always get a batch for other people!!
Can you drive cause I ain't even got my permit,also I'll have to sneak out my house
As Expected
Archie is only scared of the bigger bangs, he tries to chase everything else!
Never
My mom just found out about my mom money
Humble yourself until the game is over
I wish i had more friends in Port Arthur
my eyes are just a little more closed
She fw you
Idk what just happened on that emotional rollercoaster but we needed that win! Way to get it done boys.
I am so invested in this show ridiculous
Damn I slept hard just waking up now
My thoughts exactly. But if it works
The Finnish and Italian national anthems together on the podium - how long ago since we last heard that?
I'm a psychic. But hear ye! Don't.
Algm app o boldin
Matteo(?) just told Max that he is allowed to stay this time.
|| Hahaha... Omfg, who is this psycho?
Is this real?
Someone can be that sensitive?
Stopped at the onroute in Kingston and never seen so many frat boys in my life
Need something to brighten my day
Why do we wait until the last quarter to play football not saying mad we won thooooo lmao
Root for these girls, they have team spirit (39 Photos)
Lool this tweet in particular got me like that
So sad that Louis is down to 3 already and the first week
Biggest pick up of the year in fantasy.... me picking up Chubb Friday
I think he looks awesome.
Aspiring to be
Hahahaha tell me about it
Bro what I said!!! And like a weird EDM song haha
; Ur one is still new according to the way releasing money makers smh
Today I learnt that silk isn't vegan. Being vegan is a proper life commitment, dunno how ya do it
Italian Serie A is basically Premier League but with no Referees!
Tackles flying in from left and right, ref be
The score was 17-0 to start the 4th
He really thought he did somethin
And it really work hey
I wondered why I could hear the crowd cheer when we were lining up the PAT
fucking with this weather tho
Lol he made his profile private. I was never really following him but Tarzan... Mannnn just check out the IG
Me! Me! Me! I love you more tho
Oh, please, do you really still think about the dancing?
Me & my girl eat like fat bitches when together
There aren't enough days in the weekend
If the criteria I must be safe
eh. what typa niggas b fw
Made jump then, got the same worktops
Pelo trabalho
Ikr! That's why I am confused.
These allergy pills have been saving my life
I DM you for some reason and yes please
HOW THE HECK DID WE JUST WIN THAT GAME.
Kirito from SAO is my anime love of my life tbh...
Haha I've got more time left (9th November), but yeah I know what you mean
Team Kubwa
Not jealous at all
Every time I go to the bathroom bass says job lol because getting potty trained
Congrats on making it to Hump Day, here is your reward
oh she a FREAK FREAK huh
say go, but done with Nashville
Well, I like when things are symmetrical
Guess you gonna win that billion
Lmfaooo shhheeesh
if someone spits on me over
Okay I'll wait for the next week to watch you again
thank you..
really unsure of having a Twitter account benefits me
but fr though
My is making me breakfast
And yes I know 1
Actually the Harlem Shake doesn't feel that long ago. Or Max being 15
I am not sure I would like to see my Twitter stats though..
Due to all these follows I feel like I should tweet more in english
Oomf some freaky stuff and I just sit here like
Lk hope enough for him to see
Someone give me the strength to clean
There are Sexy Chivers among us (92 Photos)
Good call and if there any left over I think that would be okay
this is me even though i've borrowed the car
Ummm got a killer headache and I read my lines fuck!!! HALP!!!
Super awesome
I feel like a lot of us are wearing that expression these days
Naff song jake your a
Shout out to the eagles from going from superbowl champs to 3-4
not even gonna google what a ZJ is
Same, but with gymnastics
Correct me if wrong lol di naman ganon kalawak knowledge ko about that topic haha
COME ONNNNN
I see your work bro I hope tut got paid for it
Nothing says defending Super Bowl champs like blowing multiple 17 point leads
Let me know when Brady wins a Super Bowl against a back up
Socially awkard Kimi.
We only play in the 4th quarter now nice comeback
you got me there go rams
Yeah so silly people grow...
What a weekend in Rosarito
see if this works out
MAUs better be low. Lowet DAU/MAU imply lower stickiness to the product.
As long as it doesn't end up as a 0-0 draw
smiling in a xc? u mad?
My dumb ass tried to make a new one last year because I change this one but I got it working
Chal fer paabi tou Bach k raween... ehtiyaat Wahid ilaj
I like reality then
-Flemme
-Putain
-Wesh
-Je te jure
-Bref
-Fin
-On fou
-Casse toi
Can someone come scoop me from overlook real quick
Spongebob and George Lopez
Sirces halloween parties are always so packed with such fun people and I always leave fuckkkkkked up
The way I be sleeping and how tired and groggy I be swear I had a baby on the way.
not picking my nose fixing my nose ring. K Thanks!
This has probably been the worst week had in a long time and just ready for it to be over
Something told me pick the Panthers
Haha if you really wanna know, magsearch ka na lang haha remember what we discussed during asian western.
How is it already the 21st?
Retweeting this so i can come back later busy right now
sorry but I am quite satisfied by the result tonight
you sef... What were your eyes looking for??
started watching the haunting of hill house & now I can't stop watching
I know what goes on in his heed half the time
I generally love musicals so definitely doing it.
So funny cause of how true this is
+2 aq nesse site
dang even Simone Biles retweeted you now the famous one lol
literally never heard of that before. Shows how hip I am they use them in high school??
I enjoyed it quite a bit, but I'm biased since Bunnies are my theme anyway
she's just twirling around in the middle of the sidewalk, okay
Your wishes will come true
Happiness
=joy
Download the Los Angeles Dodgers app and turn on the notifications lol
It's really annoying indeed. But it will gone few days later, I guess.
Yes, on Give me God of War. I don't know how far can i make it, it's a bit harder than i imagined
a regular day , im more chiller than
Hopefully I get deleted again
But every guy she takes videos with , is her man
And I felt small
What a race Kimi fucking Raikkonen!! Merc with a shocker, I assume their strategy guy went for lunch
6minutes into my first rugby game post op and dislocated my elbow time to retire, for real this time.
I even know what to put here just say if you are enjoying my content any donations help massively
I think that's what a lot of people are thinking right now, grande
Lol gotten to the point where my people know exactly where to find me on the beach
Kimi celebrates more on the podium when Vettel isnt there along side
Why is this tweet so loud
lying if you nervous as hell on that last extra point to go up 4, though
Hot and gorgeous but what is it
Um jono
With the cucumber
I go crazy for both
Where am I then? Oh wait, I see it, wearing me around your body then
I try not to think of it
Sorry for the third repost peeps, kept forgetting something / messing something up Not entirely content with
Stumbled into work heavily intoxicated last night it was fine.
I slept through homecoming night. officially old
when nidus and revenant has a Lil BOY
You on time out for 11 hours
If I truly speak my mind then I would get into so much trouble
outro quase igual
It's a song
And thank you bro , good to see you again
Auto zone sold me the wrong damn light so here I am spending another $16 for the right light
Commitment that
un-American, man.
She better stop
9 weeks & 60 days till out of here
Fannibals have perverted minds and souls. What's horrific and monstruous for mortals is madly elegant and cute for us...
just gone midnight for me and no way gonna sleep soon
It all started off so symmetrical but there's was so much food
My manager just walked in on me taking a nap no pinche mames
I noticed that too
Oh stop it ...
I am blushing
Alles van Steven James, Clive Cussler
Thanks! even catch that.
You cut right to ride this wave bitch move around
Help I can't breathe
MOOD I just need some dick i just need some love
in 2 weeks but thank you hun! just going up and taking trips til then
happy 61st birthday ma missyou.sana ayos ka dyan sa taas I Love Youuuu ma!
think bowling is supposed to make your whole left leg numb
yay an oh thank goodness sorry I get nervous and worried very easily love you you an everyone here
Anyone wanna grab a beer and watch some sports?
This Smeagol slander!
Let's go pats! jajaja
I must be gaining pregnancy weight bcs babyyyyyyyyyyy
If going to make up a rumor abt me just make sure it includes someone sexy and rich
Christian Horner = proud mother hen.
Eagles should be 5-2
No loud am
I have never been so impatient in my life for Austyn to come home
Tink is getting old & crankier & extra aggressive idk what to do with her
Rn all I need is a good bj & to sleep!
Haan idk how khair
Idk about that. I be blasting Ariana grande and Britney Spears etc... I like drowning out noise with music
I even imagine we just get the basic enfamil & even that is like whoa
16 pictures so.. read carefully
Architects is good though and the track before this one was good as well
Color coded and alphabetized because I'm psycho.
pretty good
That one looked way better tbh.
I apologise for your eyes.
Never been listening to it all year
And then brother nature is being cancelled
What is this Sunday?
I would rather go to sleep than watch this
me losing my shit and yelling at the top of my lungs for b2b last night
thank you
Let's go!
I'm late... It's too early for me to be ready already!
Everytime I make plans with the girls I give them a fake time so they can be ready on time
So, a cyclone forming and the storm should start hitting tomorrow. Thanks goodness we leave tomorrow
Was thinking the same but obviously get in the film room
I hope I drop my child though
Soon i press record she gone fuck me on cam
Haha, I just laughed so hard at the last picture!! That looks so funny. OMG.
free with the packet at least
I think he genuinely wanted to know if he got the title
for ya'll
GOODLUCK SATIN USTETers
The Chargers are 5-2
My damn instincts that says fear the damn kaki
OH YEAH I see it now too! It took me ages to even find a single one here.
Watching impractical jokers changes my whole mood I swear
You right though
Paternity Court and Divorce Court are my go to YouTube vices
Bitch ft me I jus got you son
Evening made. Maybe I screamed.. maybe I didn't
What is this cyvugihufygugihih
But I actually mixed it with 4th
I have no any piercings, even earrings
Mama harega iss bar harkate theek ni h iski .. november 28 se pahle theatre chalu ni hue to gye iske vote
An away win ___________________________________
I won't
Thank god
Isn't it fcking just
Hahaha not a bad idea so after I stab my hubby I can bail myself out
i wasted my edible high smh
Baker even going to get a chance
lowkey excited to be joining Herbalife
na fr bc Im sick of niggas
fofoca meno
This tweet did not age well
this literally explains so much
I went a little crazy on the Halloween decorations in the dollar store
My friend said study.... ama wait
Bro eagles had the lead the whole time till 4th quarter
Prince Zuko Avatar the Last Airbender....I definitely wanted him to be real.
Stay strong my friend
I was ready to blame the loss on the black pants luckily I dont have to
The Bears aren't even losing that bad.
I'm about to start this now
0 of 130+ Minutes done
I dont like change so i struggled getting into story because everything was so industrialized
Why I'm so anywhere
they had vegan grilled cheeses at the pumpkin patch
fairly rare if I actually remember something
Not bad day , just slow
Now time for hot tea or coffee , bed, and book Tomorrow my English lessons and
I made the right decision. My yard sounds more like a children's play park. Even still, I did do the good
Both the my hands are up!!
ever met someone of the opposite sex literally a mirror of you.
Aye thanks
Matt already hates the decorations bought
are always unmotivated wym
No way in hell you are doing that
thanks again to for publishing my dads strangest poem
It happens to me a lot, like just now, with the tweet you responded to
Would be nice if you could just edit your mistakes
I'm guilty of that shit, I'll admit it Lmaoo My Moment mixtape had me hype
From woolies It's asiya'S, it's her favorite thing to paint my nails
go right It felt blesseed to give and when u let person know she/hes forgiven u got like a coin in ur coin bank
British lifestyle magazines:
Page 5: Accept yourself for who you are
Page 8: how to lose 15lbs in 1 week
Page 12: best cake recipe
Man fully thought that brother nature don had black in him
I got KC but they will 10000% lose because the bengals always screw me whether i bet for or against them
I should have knew how it will end but I'll wait till tomorrow
from - They wanted all the smoke now that was lit and funny this made me like
have you know been layered up, sweaters and all, since it dipped below 40 degrees
I feel cheated please make a drop for each tweet
A very rough digital sketch of a pattern idea. Making repeat patterns is harder than it looks and so in awe
was tryna DM you but it let me
only the second gams
Me either so if you wanna be friends we can totally be friends
Haha best of dreams for u my queen
Is coming ...... in reality
I'm just now noticing our handwriting is similar! Mine is definitely more messy tho
I really wanna see Rocky Horror live ,.. does any one know of a place
This are really cool TWICE
maybe in a few more months already really super close
a video
Yep its even screwed in the backup. Lets do this again then shall we!
Love my house 10x more when clean
I thought everyone saw that thread last but refresh your memory
oi gente
all love, nice to visit home sometimes
Dans la cool room
RAI : "Tu as le championnat ou pas ?!"
HAM : "Non..."
YES!! Prince Eric from@the little mermaid
You appreciate weekends sooo much more when worked hard all week
8 people need friends!
I went to my ex crib & chilled with her & her bf.... Just observing, It was a vibe
They can all beat me in all those easily, but the young Kings are bound to succeed in what is now their sport
Ultimate Jerk Off Encouragement (Leico)
The death stare your parents give you when you start eating before the guests!
.
Throwback To Eid Ul Adha!
.
Just cooked enough pasta for lunches Monday to Wednesday and never felt so prepared or organised for the week ahead
Mullicans can keep that one
Think I may have put my foot in it again
My personal list it was fun rewatching from the start bcuz part 4 used to be at the bottom of the list and it
shoutouts to we're sitting in Winners side Grands at Construct after not teaming for months
I still wonder how I keep meeting new friends when an introvert
I love it so far!! This is the only one I've seen actually
do you have prices for the tour merch? I'm in love with it all and need to budget, ya feel?
Aww the presenter really tried
going to try my best to stay away from that place this weekend
Si
May 2018 after billboard music awards
Ah vale fallo Me sigues cayendo bien
trying to save money but getting cold down here in avl... night have to do some online shopping
So... Did you train ? Is he able to do that ?
Well that's OK then!
How about
I hope the national interest you are referring to is your bank accounts... help me wake
hard to get attention when they have you blocked
Damn anxiety is such a bully
Shout out to all da people who break up all the way cuz both of yall names on da lease!
She gave me a bit...
Save us the hustle and enlighten us
2012 Twitter was an time to say the least. I deleted my account
Had Hoes Selling They Souls For You NOT ME
Edelman needs to cool it before he gets in trouble
Dark Phoenix but at the same time I hate Sophie Turner for the Sansa Stark she's.
This article has them at 11.2M in June. So i know what to believe
I am not pleased if you tell
I think this photo was lewd, but hey, daggy bums are a fact of life.
Not a good game in Pullman for the Ducks
A busy weekend completing these sparkly Navy and gold invitations all 120 of them with gold glitter background,
What if they showed how many times somebody watched a snap
need to go on a diet? wew
Stay tuned for the answer
You should. I have the money for allll the things but good to get ideas
Awkward thumb girl is secretly gorgeous
the Vikings are 2-0 when George Iloka starts on defense... just saying
Thankfully the building has good walls so the sound wouldn't have been too loud
this still everything i do
yg nyiarin hoax oplas live di tv?
It is going to be real .... soon
How about a Small World and Beautiful Girls???
I should probably get out of bed now
Can I have few literature classes from u dude.. to bash such type of sort of ppls
I swear this vacation need to come sooner because my pettiness is becoming more and more stronger by the day
I've somehow managed to get to every person that's messaged me
I liked a video SI TOCAS EL SUELO PIERDES (NO ESTA PERMITIDO TOCAR EL SUELO en MINECRAFT)
Can I have few literature classes from u dude.. to bash such type of sort of ppls
It's might be flusha
P.S wtf are you doing in Moscow?
i have the best aunt in the fucking world
Guess that race cost me a few months
Here I back with *Drain*
21,Oct
I wish I had someone I could talk to about things but at the same time scared to open up about it.
Don't implicate yourself unknowingly
Ohhh...gotcha!
When I get back in shape I have sooo much lingerie to catch up on I just buy it & admire it & touch it I hate clothes irl
He doesn't simply touch but scores its a mystery
do you both really need to know this info that badly??
It's actually kinda sad loll
it's not something to be proud of
You were right with Clarendon but damn, you're cute thank you
Ps watched a little bit of step brothers last night
What would you like to do then?
Everyone has their preferences. But me... I don't like my meat floppy.
Girls with short hair can really let the cuteness shine through
Sooo ready to go home and take a nap
Yippee....,. Its time .
..
Rami Saint-Maximin
2012 me would be shook af
OH yes it is thank you
Sweet Jesus!! is this really your baby?
That's the exact reason I wouldn't make it you get attacked enough online!
Me too
Guess sulk my way to Kailua beach so Atleast bae is happy
coming for everyone
Last year got me sick at Twitchcon, so watch out for him
omg yay!!! buzzing
This feels like forever ago, not last week. Update on married life: my husband didn't put on pants yesterday.
horny too Who are you people but I kinda am
We need much much more in our live in Europe
RIP replay button.
Cosas que me pasan a mi. Tipo normal
overtime again
'aibo'. Drama . Thank you so much First Lady . May God bless you greatly
so ready to be out of the breastmilk/formula stage
Is it Swedish DJ Alesso??
what happens when ya get cocky.
I do agree with that though
What were they?? I keep seeing this
Okay but why are we living in the past next season have a new manager and a fresh start
Got home today to SURPRISE SOCIAL INTERACTION
Browns in overtime, who would have guessed ?
Aber Prostitution?
Overtime baby
Spin bike ye that would suit them alright, they be well used to spinning shit
Love the gif!
OmG I thought he gonna expose himself and you're welcome
What a friend
Continue enjoying it. We're all there for the thrill!
is now upto sell Birvanu Everytime I try to use app I get too see something
Justin Bieber
Tahmin: BNTAS
4th time in OT!! 4th times the charm, right?
Ohhh i didn't know that I became an army only this year that's so nice even if it's just letters now
Lol i was onnat last night gots to be more careful
Yes and yes lol. suspense-whodunnit so totally stressful, at least for me
Prawda
wait to have a haircut
Ran 4 miles in 35 min after a WHILE of not running, hurting my foot in the process. Guess part of
KPMG is hiring in jhb.
Lool thank God.. I
That was such a weird dream thoo
say this, gonna be a long game
I was so tired last night I was falling asleep mid face time
Thinking out of the box.
Just realised that I tweeted this before the race. Hmmm, it was an omen maybe.
We're doing the cats again!!!
I have yet to start part 7 from what i hear it def seems like it'll take over my top 3 somewhere
Check my pinned please Kurt
Lol I was awake
Gotta write a 5 page essay after his saints game
Browns OT again
They say all good boys go to heaven but bad boys bring heaven to you
like one of the worst shifts of my life too
Baby had me on some henny last night boooy neva again
The fact that niggas takeeeee itttttt is hilarious
Hi Z hope well too - been getting any drawing time in lately...I yet
Phew
St Moritz & Switzerland both begin with S? all got
going to try to get it fixed tomorrow as we have homecoming and Halloween coming up. And i hate asking people for rides
im just asking i think a mere coincidence kasi eh.. seems like her goal talaga is to dampen the high
Remember to myself use Uber to go to a Motel
Black woman hair chronicles. The transition is crazy. But kind of feeling my color purple knots.
Gotta write a 5 page essay after this saints game
Sending indignant voice clips to Dan, he advises I should have shouted CUNT! - and he's totally right.
i'll rank the songs from the namanana album after a couple of listens its too difficult atm
Please not, i dont think that i will be able to handle stuff like that for every race
Wait, to not not want 0 and 1 win teams in a state playoff?
Oooh sorry I misunderstood things
Aw thank you so much again
done with my homework!!! yeeee. now i just need to get off work
Breast pumps having me feel stressed
You're watching
Lol my coworker was the one who tweeted this!
Chipotle is 900 feet away from my apartment and I just ordered and paid for delivery
Holly guacamole I will be 24 in 12 days
We see you too your twin?
When System Tazvida said
"bhebhi rakanaka chindidawo iwe "
I felt that
If I ever get famous twitter will be my kryptonite too
ISO: a new hunting partner
I think I get more gray hairs on Sunday than the average 22 year old because of the
oh shit sorry haha
All hail the inbreds!
Of all things to worry about
go wrong with online friends tbh
Not sure what was harder today..doing CrossFit after yoga or trying on pantyhose but leaning towards the second
If you think all China products are fake, try their poison.
Sad but true
Its also because of the person behind that dick . He is such a nice and kind guy, I had to make that mark
pretty sad how low people will go just to talk to someone
Swear I'm the only weirdo who likes my husbands snoring. It's comforting to me and helps me sleep
If over no dey job get under her then
Tarde paz
Just finished cutting out all the stickers that I take to TwitchCon I still plan on distributing some not
Had to make my insta private because Dans students are creepin
Brownies going to OT again
Running on 4 hours of sleep.... but okay, okay
I hope Bakayoko wins it for Milan
I think perfectly reasonable
anyone else feel so busy that you take your homework with you to the bathroom when you have to go? ..... hahaha yeah me neither
I'm not getting any notifications and know what? I'm sorry now I came across your reply
We found her! Here's the beautiful Justine (21 Photos)
OT again
I really want Beauty & the soundtrack as my wedding song.. that is if get married.
Whoops
Good thing a bearcat
Been thinking the same thing
Day 16, Angular:
Just a lil behind might have to combine a few
LMK what happens
Good thing 24 then
What did Brother Nature do?
I salute back sir...but forget am she dey try sub me
Oh same I seem to pick the loudest ones to open and eat that gets me in trouble
I had too many anime crushes to count
finna go sweat this off tho
imagine flexing yourself winning court conqueror
Damn I seen now lol
This should be on D^3
about to start shooting
If over no dey job then get under her.
... And also, my non-waterproofed phone was charging underwater for a while...
Fr fr
Yo le daba tmb al shuffle y tecktonik en mi epoca...
Never knew who Alexis Texas was before Yacht Club
Why you even food shopping ??? a whole meal right there
Whenever I get a quote for sky they want a month and installation
bein
+2
Yeah, the RS community for ya. Cunts everywhere.
Oh I now know
Yes I like that
2 out of 2 for Grimsby 1-0 and 4-0 coming
3.0
A veces ***
Could gym, should gym, fell into the
biscuit tin
Beat the system yes
Damn I slept in way too much and thought I missed the Falcons losing another game, and then I remembered they play tomorrow
Why not
Yesterday promised myself that I read any more about it,but all what doing is reading about it
Ay, no ligar
Get to Know the Girl from 4E, Holly Lynch (Video)
You make Austin so romanticised in my brain. I hope i make it there someday (cough cough and steal ur job cough)
Admittedly, so used to Choker. Hard to decide if I should actually change it
How's your bryani? Idk I attempted to make any yet.
Usuario: Alanseishon betroner y noangy quiero entrar a ese server VIP
I need to keep myself busy but I wanna do anything
Joe wants it for the kitchen
I wonder how many times the owner of my old number has got a text or call about making a hair appointment. I know of at least 3
fans watching these 4th down conversion attempts
Ton sourire fait Ahahah bah merci
He did tell me I have to have kids cause I have him and Elijah though.
When you think about Samsung smartphones.
Remember Huawei.
The Bears almost pulled off the Hail Mary
Am I the only one that wipes my dogs ass after he takes a shit?
Almost forgot how to get groceries for myself. College taught me how to shop broke tho
Im the oldest in the photo & the shortest .... all down hill from here
SOOO happy pumpkin show is over.
He nervous coach
You gat more of this??
That is the worst way to lose a game ever seen in my life
you have to explicitly friendzone save time
Lol pay would be good for this new adventure...and looking like Jennifer Aniston would be great too
michael clifford so far away from me... if you give me a hug then just give me your follow
But now look at me, just waking up at 3pm
Tough choice, have to pick , remember how scoff these down on the way home from school
Try drawing a cat yawning, but add more...
You know what, I've no idea...
That was close
Another overtime
Literally needed one more yard
what are you saying ???
OMG bruh was toooooo close
Im 18 in December Im almost there
Wow bears ended up half a yard short on the Hail Mary
Need Halloween plans for next weekend! Jesse and I will be dressing up I am so excited !
98
That ending
What is the stupidest tattoo you ever have set on someone? Sorry for my bad English
i'd have to clean it first
Je viens de comprendre ! Merci
biiiiitch dr sloan tho
My friends whew ... some funny bitches
Thank goodness the Pats defense blow that
Exactly. I hate my job anyway so
Ah
Charlie Strong would have TEXAS unbeaten right now too
When you think about buying Samsung smartphones.
Remember .
Try me
Lmaooooooo I turned 33 on 17 August 2018
a Deus ainda tem
Truly
That was scary
Only the fucking patriots could give up a near Hail Mary
Well I believe the Bears put up that many points against us, but at least being a Patriots fan every game is a good one
Can I borrow a pair of tits from someone? My child stole mine
things unfortunately
Finally a legit reason for to stop selling weapons to
chill
Bearly
Mostly hand bag stuff. Lots of pushing and shoving.felt disappointed
That was a close one
Bend don't break I guess.
Bro this niggah Kevin white almost scored on the hail Mary lol shit.
The fact that you can barely barely barely see it, even on camera....but sure enough
.its .. bow wow wow ..
I cant convince them otherwise, probably time to start a moving out fund
Merci
ah it's alright. As long as you never say Macbeth in a theater, it's okay
always that one tho that make me want to shoot his moms crib up!
lol.
Wow connected sa wifi ng kpitbahay fiber pa
HOLY SHIT!!!! Whew. Another tough game by the skin of their teeth
4) just two one for each ear
Wow patriots give up a Hail Mary but caught and stopped at the 1 yard line.
Me too
Maybe get struck by lightning and become a speedster!
with the win...that was a good game though
Crazy game win
Very rarely do I wear makeup on the weekends.
I was so cold walking home I impulse bought a blanket
Never a doubt!
every time i crack my phone i swear it always messes up the front camera
Wow I slept all day.
What If I get disappointed? No, No, No what ifs.
Hmm then i realised it's mine
So i got to be selfish and giving
All at the same time
So yes i will share the
That ending to the Pats/Bears game.
wait
Phew!!!
Holy shit!
Try having your cocky ass defense give up 21 FREE POINTS IN THE FOURTH QUARTER then your QB simply
had it all the way.
Game of inches!
knock knock
is this?
It's me, I am online
LOL!
things unfortunately
Finally a legit reason for to stop selling weapons to the
I would care... but too lazy to
I still played the first, if being real.
Before the carnage
Panthers!? 17-0!? Lost!?
leave you alone after this week.
I was getting all hyped up as if the one who got the interception, I messed with the celebration too
im fuckinggg stressed
I broke my purse before I even left the house so this day is gonna go well
Her dance is actually better than her singing
Thank you I definitely needed my chocolate yazoo after
Omg Riverdale is just disgusting & bro nobody can be trusted
It pretty. 5-2
Doing this push up challenge I never realized that theirs a real possibility for muscle tears and fatigue
believe people still recommend Prison Break at this day and age dude everyone has watched that! Give me something I know
Jonah seems intimidating Oof, sorry. a literal marshmallow once you get to know me
-Jonah
That was a good ending to the game. Laughable almost. Not eeeem mad.
aHHH love u so much & pls trust me ive broke out loads after that
I think something only out today. I still get the updates.
Lol I got her, we are not breaking up
Ahh ahhh not today during the week
Me watching the ending of the Bears Patriots game. 1 yard away, but we pulled it off
I wait till Coby can make me supper and bring it up to bed for me
Pats always have me
Side note, really confused as to why my abs and triceps are so sore today. I literally exerted no energy yesterday
act like you have ever been subscribed stamps..
Wow lol just seeing this
"Good"
Tetris was always fun;3d version of it which I misplaced (can't find it again) is great. I
Ah nvm got it confused with day trading
I wish
Anyways, good luck!
Looks as big as some CTs monitors
Agree tho. Got rid of our satellite and Netflix because we just use the TV.
I really have to chill
The roads finally getting done in the bay
on the bright side i get to feel all these emotions again next week (my blood pressure is gonna be off the roof)
Make Me Wanna Go Buy Another One
Second date: sushi and books! I haven't scared him away with my feminism or my wavy hair yet!
I know edm was life till I pulled up to an Allison wonderland concert
Bwoah. That ice cold stare from a winner.
Seems frustrating
that guy is tripping
Saw & at the Irving convention center today
Imagine i had friends who would do this for me
One day are crying on your gig, the next one crying cause you are not on it
No makeup kinda days are good! Just add a filter before we take a picture
Thanks but our community day already ended 8.5 hours ago
I was able to catch 7 shinys and one
I had no idea lol
I love all of my realtor peeps I work with, but every other post on all of my social media feeds have become houses
Just woke up
12. this gif is my mood 24/7, except I always fail with that endeavor
Having proud and motivational parents makes your desire on the grind 10x harder, no better feeling
A famosa
You also want 5 million?
He stretched the ball out
sorry
I need to get my other ear pierced ASAP
Expert, it says! That's rich!
Good flying with you sir, hope to see you on again!
(I hate my phone)
Risking jail time for Bud Light? At least grab the Sam Adams!! Maybe he thought it wasn't as heavy to run with???
look at food for a Legit hour before I decide what I wanna eat
Monday is heavy, but FLBP is heavier (52 Photos)
Hocam yemeyin hocam
DON'T MISS at her 2nd attempt on debating GEOFF DIEHL (R)
TONIGHT ON C-SPAN
Babes aur aachar bebas aur laachar because jaisi bhi hu theek hu
Becoming so anti social that I turned all my notifications off except for texts & calls
Excited ako na ewan
Ok this is a thread
Dis is me
This is too true... And they're usually requests from my mom
Probably we will watch the last bull trap of that bear market... mi hocam
Her: Im so glad you're not like other guys who just want sex
Me:
but at least i only have to wait 8 days this time and not 2 months
This weekend has brought 2 wins, 4 goals, 2 assists and 2 man of the matches. Not a bad weekend at all
We know
Robbing your baby mama fridge Sammy Jo is my favorite
Do we?
Well, I be there no matter where it is or when!! no way gonna
young kian: who are they
kian : theyre our fans
young kian : we made it?
kian : yeah we made it
You two will partecipate to the Kensington Dollshouse Festival Christmas Show!
Day 21 - Drain
-
Think its time to refill some of my markers
Expert, it says! That's rich!
Good flying with you sir, hope to see you on again!
(I hate my phone)
The poke shop by my work opened back up GUUUURRRRL about to get THICCC
Just woke up
Trouble by Shampoo OR
I think about this aloottttt. shocked even here still tbh my guardian angel was real sick of my
Great weekend with some great people although im regretting the 2 bottles of whiskey last night
Milagres acontecem
THE LONGER YOU STAY SINGLE, THE MORE THEY FUCK YOUR FUTURE WIFE.....
Kimiko also tells me this habit of segueing into another song is *incredibly* annoying.
Ke ndiz'Tweete
.
Ndi Tweetekile phoff
Darn, I might have to use up all of my welfare check for this WORTH IT
so relieved
That's if you don't turn off your pc
Pretty sure the most controversial shit ever tweeted is that attracted to white men
It's time to go na hehe
omgoodness lol i was not expecting this. but yes your brother
McEvoy Ranch, whatever wine that is as I know nothing about wine.
Hennessy & Bombay ? Of course not. I was driving crooked asf but i was alive and functional
Seeeee I don't know why
But you are cool guy and I like you
Is that enough?!?
Phew!!!
Ur such a great kid I'm so proud
I can never find good grip for my feet Lmaoo I'm a thruster, I need leverage
They defense real
is- is it rose? yeah... rose... right?
if someone could tell me this that would really make me feel appreciated
Finally Inter Milan has scored
I hope not
Nct 127 - regular/irregular or other nct's album really
Made my $20 back everyone have a nice day.
It's what it is. A joke.
NOOO. Its because i actually have leg hair and i dont like high socks
like every 5 people that i passby on the streets follows the same wardrobe pattern
20 play, 10min drive, three 4th down conversions, 0 points
Yup ,
Perfect
the.. they were the most uncomfortable things in the world why? are ur teeth crooked lol wut? this apparently failed to send
But you always delete your app noho, so you are not that active
*For the first time in 113 years*
I love your
Ok I think time to plant my seed somewhere
as a brit i have to agree with Cat, that is not a biscuit
Still figured out my camera, but somehow got this high-speed gem theglitchmob brooklynsteel
SELAMAT HARI SEDUNIA
King of the North for about 2 minutes
Ctl+Alt+Delete that period
So I'm in??
So fucking nervous about London tomorrow
Oupssss
Yes I could see that
Personally though? I'd just live the happy life of being a good clever dog
Social Media is responsible for me taking 5-6 hours on my homework instead 1-2 hours !
It looks like camouflage..
But which place is it..?
A hoe
So I went for a Christmas meal round my nans earlier.... in October? Even had my aunt in a Christmas jumper and all sorts what a family
He probably still look like this in his 40s anyways lol
Magnifying mirrors will truly humble tf out of you
this may be the greatest response I have ever gotten
Princesinha
Not in the video so he was probably busy or something I know
Oh sorry wrong grammar Thanks!
thankyou
Hopefully my WiFi cut out again!
At some point CLY is probably gonna get tired of all the cruise selfies sending him
This tweet is underrated
Mug Shot Christmas Dinner Pasta bm_stores Anyone fancy this?
Poses, the usual
My reaction to being blocked on insta
Vai gordinho mesmo
Ah. Thank you very much sir!
Baby bjorn carrier $15 w/ free shipping. no issues w/ it, I just have 3 others
Could I have this character drawn but in Donnel's clothes?
Billionaire for starters.
Boy Chris Paul had some Tabasco sauce on them hooks
really holding Brother Nature accountable for tweets from 2012
NFL wants to schedule games at 9AM and Melvin Gordon was ruled inactive as a game time decision... see how this week goes in fantasy
You say that like it's a bad thing
It's hard (and unnecessary) work
That was close
We do hear everyone is pine-ing for them...
It would
the Vikings are 2-0 when George Iloka starts on defense....... just saying
My dog had decided that my suitcase is now his bed.
I think trying to tell me to take a break from traveling so much.
That was a heart racing finish. ugly game lucky we came out with a win
Wala rin tong study
Eee idol olmak kolay
Where did our 2018 go
wanna know heart break? Try being a Bears fan today
Me ferrei
Bram Stoker's Dracula
was like
dad calls him that
When she sucking you off and you NUT without warning her
You mean me?
Giving us a heart attack every week
Enjoy
Oh ok I was worried there
. I believe a right age. It comes at different times to different people based on multiple factors
Je te le jure
talk about this semi happy glow tho
Twitter is getting too
Everybody out enjoying this beautiful day and moving/building furniture
Practising for interview at 11:20-ish today! Serious, intellectual face on
The fact that you said you about to b 30 shocks me I swear I thought you were like 23
Tripde ne ki ya
bilemedim
Cleansed my account. I can't even relate to what I used to be like
Y tanto k si. Hace tiempi k no hago pero he de hacer k toy fofo ya.
Hope you had fun for me
What cards do I need for Lost March? I think I pulled a few staples for that deck in my kit
Kept waiting for Cena and Triple H to come out and get into the Royal Rumble Well All I can do is Laugh
I woke up my whole family after Icardi's last minutes goal !!
Gee those last six laps were tense. even check my TL
Upps, actually matter for me. I just got excited to see a friend sapiosexual like me But it was vain
Why does everything i eat give me heart burn
Had such bad anxiety today I ripped off my skin tag
He was one of my favourites when I was young, have been 8 when he ran here but still remember him so well
Nvm barber shop was closed
It was nice to see and listen again to Cory after a long time (today's "Hey~" doesn't count // even if it wasn't his own live)... ^^
That counts for sonething right
Saeed really trying to give me FOMO on a fun GQ dress up shoot.
But, you eat like once an hr
Totally would have but I have one at the moment
When I see a beautiful mixed race woman I refer to them as a
Hybrid
I didn't quite get that? What are you trying to say?
Lol, I've forgotten to check Twitter lately. Happy birthday!
My dog has decided that my suitcase is now his bed.
I think trying to tell me to take a break from traveling so much.
if anyone wants to see me get killed on repeat
Stood up, screamed, jumped around like a crazy person.
My neighbors must love me...
My cover of Lie To Me is on there wtf on a cd
ya anda con la weba
Wow!!! What a coincidence... being both Madrid and Ferrari fans I guess am not suffering alone
Technical! Not tactical.
ya me imagino a lay en una moto tipo asi:
Anybody ever had Crown Royal Black? Me either
Pheww! Hope you get a chance again soon also Angela. But I'm confident you will. She is
You code, I watch?
Mona Lisa is a sure she will kill that dude
Should I start doing snaps in the public eye? Nothing too crazy obvi, but ya know...
Well not a gay boi so I actually listen to more than just Fierce & 212 I must say how I your
My sister in law is 6 cm dilated so I guess be meeting my nephew very soon
the worst
I feel so bad for my new neighbors, the walls are thin and they probably hear me blasting my Fleetwood Mac all the time
Damn I really wanted to wait a week or two before exposing myself and Kevin to our fam
Conyo hipster ganun HAHA
Won Unlimited Gatorade Like & Rt
i need that heart chakra healing , fr
I even remember blocked it out. Also I low key hate Peppers
American Gay Pie?
I just need a way out of my head everything said is echoing.
Apparently, it's slightly alcoholic tea... But I've never heard of it
T mande whats no me contestaste
Yeah I accidentally posted the wrong one. with no roof on the clock tower
Happy to be quite active up there!
These pregnancy hormones are out of control today
hahaha why u was avoiding the chocolate isle lmao thanku lord for low fat chocolate
Last night was lit af
Nah. You gotta stay back and defend your country.
at least going thru it together fam
Torn between yeah I love the cowboys and want them to win ... but I also have Adrian Peterson on fantasy & need him to have a big game
Always!
Somewhere near a rainbow, not over it yet
Or maybe just central Europe... which is a bit more boring
Great Day wiz ka2n el Mocca
Aqwa Graphic designer f masr.. Number 1
Russian Culture Centre Computer Dep.
Maissss
oh how the tides have turned.
wit some fishnets
It's funny
one time as tracer, I recalled and got stuck under the payload
Really? Fang doch erstmal nur mit Twitter an
Bruh telling the truth
Damnnnn rough
Ah right. I'll use the fancy pants name for it from now on
Chicago
Longest lap in my entire life
Being a browns fan gives me the worst anxiety
Im asking for merch likeni can fucking afford to buy anything right now
the yout was like 11 ffs. Argh tight
Thank you Apple for the screen time limit ..... good night
i wish! but sadly i heh i usually check for chinese translations and base mine of that
Oh yeah, if anything... If you stream full time and you miss a week that's a whole paycheck your missing on
I don't believe I'm gonna finish this Gallon of water
God will send u a blessing one day just stay doing good deeds
No problem bro, have sweet dreams unlike me Get well soon enough buddy. Good night.
Wtf this rank
Can someone spill the tea on what happened with brother nature? laughing at the jokes but I even have all the context
Mouais bof mais bon
pretty sure i was a recovering addict from Big Mac
Trying to get as much of the main storyline completed before the next event pops up to derail my plans
Was not expecting that collaboration...
the main reason I ended up watching 5 episodes of JoJo last night
1. You are great
2. I love this dress
3. Tomorrow we are discussing my dress
I know I was like
Rs
QUE NERVIOS
I wait to see and on November 10th!! Early present for my wife to be
I think the beauty is in the eye of the observer.
But I'm glad you like it!
I know exactly what/who I wanna be for Halloween this year
yes! this one and it's most probably b/c of this outfit
I do! awesome. Shamelessly stole this from him
Oh oops it was me then
I was ji like hoping he went down at the 1
when my mom tells me to stop talking about
stressing out about work tomorrow and I know why
Insupportable
Think I need to start listening to Mal more cause he can seem to sniff out the cunty birds
Settle 2 round quickie dalam kereta
Too creepy?!
This looks like an actual painting,
like what?!
I was confused for a sec when I first looked at it
had my tattoo for over a year and my parents still seen it
I believe how much my reddit weight loss pic is blowing up was not expecting that
No comment on the politics. BUT how many do you think farted whist straining to screech like that?
Pelea de vs
True can she release an my unreleased album tho....
sorry!
Kapri Bibbs baby
In my survival pool I had originally picked Dallas. touched them in 2 years. Last minute I switched to Indy
Don't lol after your mean comment!!!
It's sad that I almost got up to dance before the man even started singing!
+2
Idc what nobody say he FINE
Pullman is a terrible place
Why is this relatable
Love my even if it brings me to tears sometimes
they're fantastic!
I know what I want for my birthday gift now
Finally I think I know what I want to do in life
You still smuggled this sub into my mentions
This means you've a lot of money and you need to be happy about it
I really don't know people but they somehow know me
That's true, some man are ridiculous
Pobre
P.S. my hat is missing a signature catch us in section 109
do you still love llamas? lol also.. how about Larissa?? (ship it) lol btw thanks for existing I
i waited last minute to write this midterm essay & been writing it in chunks trough the day but hey at least im doing it
he's proud of that kill
It took a lot not to cry during Doctor Who, trust me when I say I cried if my parents in the room
Pra bem a semana
Your a mad women for forgiving this fool fucking to see my babies
so jealous I just they would come to Berlin or a country near here.. fly over
been giving my bf a lot of hints for everything lately
3 cats and 4 kittens
Same thing I did
Actually,mine was 4
Guys, we won the 2017 FA Cup. Not the 2018 one.
It's okey now you got another onr to use
do you still love llamas? lol also.. how about Larissa?? (ship it) lol btw thanks for
I hate when people bullshit me but a bullshitter so I really be a hypocrite
My man out here clutching the win!!! I owe you
Raikkonen fans are really special
If Raikkonen is N2 there is a reason. An obvious reason
My grandma gets sooo happy when I let her put on Arabella, or let her give her her sweared on medicina
Me last night
Mood
Left my calls-only phone somewhere on Friday. Better find it before I leave tomorrow.
In my defense i see your message honestly I get a lot and have my notifications off. I apologize
That Mitch Trubisky hail mary had my heart in my mouth. What a throw and catch. Saved by 1 yard
Taehyung me and you are same person
i need to start making plans on weekends bc i always just sit at home and do nothing then just lonely and sad for like 3 days straight
These celebrities would forget names, but would be super offended if someone forgot their name
Why is so good
3 or 4 sections next sem HAHAHA hirap ng pangtamad na sched
If I give you a compliment, just say thank you. I have time for all the attitude
Game on!! Bring it lol
Long distance is probably the hardest thing ever done
(@ Prince Mohammad Bin Abdulaziz International Airport - in AlMadinah, Al Madinah)
Ab main bht khush hoon Layyah k legend ko meri taraf se salam kehdain
Gave up a 17 point lead ... hmmm
Yes they don't like to age
But all the sponsored people somehow didnt have and issues?
C
Awww but I said the word fly I have to be ridiculous
a lil over a week until Halloween & yet to decide on a costume I need some ideas ???
it must be fun to go to exhibitions. I do not know
also had another chat with the blood brother ... he told me the music fire but we gotta work on it some more .. I'm excited
I really see myself having a normal hair color anymore
Ahhh, you got it so right
I really forgot my birthday was this week
Purple you, our Leader
When you don't have shotgun ammo
I was 11
haha full mulla soch, dekha
brave to admit this
Sex scenes are pretty normal in horror films
Thanks
Cara lavada
Who is brother nature?
Uwi might be closed tomorrow but my lecturers give a single fuck chem eng waits on no one
Tbh not always loyal
They find any way to stay updated
she is.
You did hear .@POTUS Trump mention how much aid we currently give all these countries...
Beto is pretty slow.
trust a man with a kitchen that clean
JUST UPLOADED!!
Collab with !!
GO WATCH
watched a single scary movie all October.. should probably get with the program
an extreme sport in college is remaking your fully lofted bed
only Moyo will Bring weed into the convo, sigh
Being a female is so annoying sometimes
When you slap the shit out of her during sex about some shit you was low-key mad about
I legit thought you were white until you told me otherwise yesterday
i just stand dumb people, it
False tornado report in SF = mini heart attack. Thanks Apple, I needed a quick adrenaline boost!
Loooool at this rate gonna come back! I need the coins
so bad coping with stress
There are barely any tangela clips out there of that week,
Great, so i know which one of you guys are sketch comics now
Never been as happy as I am now man never stay in something if ya happy
yeah my cousins are the best. lol.
should come to Lafayette tonight... just saying.. no pressure
I know damn right that the laundry room is packed on Sundays, and guess what I always do, wait until Sunday WHEN I CANT DO LAUNDRY
yasss
Pls leave here for the rest of the year at least be rehearsing for when robots will take over [reciting poems]
So I think I just got my parents into the office
They already know all the characters names and wanna watch the show with me
Own goals incomming
she is mad yh.
This was so fun! Shoutout Mr. Daly! This is all I did during geometry class
I almost took you serious
hope proud of being number 32
Domingou rs
so weird. that part of the song played as I scrolled past this tweet
Homecoming was Shmoove Kicked it with all my niggas... Ate pretty good and was fucked up every minute of it Until next time
Valeeee
Oh they definitely exist.
Finally printed the script I needed
Watching series, on twitter and chatting on WA.. I just keep forgetting I have food in the microwave
Feeling all kinds of fluffy right now been at least 6 hrs since I showered and my hair still dry
A little too close for comfort !
Great catch !
Ok, soooooo...which one of these signed headshots from last show should I use for LinkedIn?
Mdre y3ni I force anything
In the ville 30 seconds and already seen 4 crackheads
It's nothing without the right person choosing it
Lmao I FaceTime Nick cause Liam kept saying da and seen him in 2 days and I get ignored then blocked
Stayed with my boo 5 times this week my parents think moved out
They don't exist for me at the moment
Nah fr going to the fair today
That-not-quite-but-very-nearly = greget!!!
Oop was it the your gonna miss this d-
Someone go to the Chiefs game with me next week
I can't sleep
just few hours and i will see my slay in
If I get custom blocked one more time
making buttered parmesan noodles with sweet blackened smoked salmon for dinner tonight !
I saw so many little cheerleaders at the mall, there was a competition today
Is anyone family overdramatic about the littlest things? Or is that just me?
honestly just miss my boyfriend
been planning Novas first birthday since she was born . in less than two months and I still know what gonna do
h-hello
YAAAAAZ Nov 1st
play wit me, all imma say
I literally ran again this week and I almost
Oh i know, I thought for a second you could see it
I forgot to say "in my opinion"
U think funny!?
I can never take good pictures when drunk lmao is it just me orrr like
Com os cria
Maybe in like five years when he's forgotten
I be rambling like a mugg on here, my bad
You always eat so well! And I am so hungry
That was definitely the most Browns ending possible unreal
a blue mold sandwich
(I don't know I'm not good at these )
You are my blue mold
My angel who
so means for me to or lol,
Note to self: coffee isn't a replacement for breakfast and lunch
I understand him i have 3 kids too and a beautiful job but not easy every day
Eh I'm no someone either
Read back of it!
Are you alright?
Phew
Yup! That laugh
basically my Red Sox spirit animal rn.
I miss the old me but he can stay where he at
is it bad i cant pick a fovoright from any of your cars?
The one thing i can say... best cars on the internet
Ya was thinking it could be, alot of carling cans in it and i know mary foley likes those
I am female and you?? xD
I went to my first Halloween party last night and I wore a princess Leah Bikini. but I lost the panties
Ya Rab hal esbou3 ye2ta3 bser3a
It even start yet I know
Incredible!
O coisinha bunitinha do pai
maybe next week, guys.
Para el olvido.
I think that the movie isn't canon. Could be mistaking but if you play the VN, he say who was his first kiss. x)
My friends couldnt spread this shit out? They alll had to get married within 2 months of each other.
Not during the taped interview but I did mention that you'd said that before the game to Marc
Made me eat my words
These days I'm back to my previous hobbies wanna do some kumihimo braiding again and maybe some nail polish
I lost it
Elaborate please?
na postura hahah
Me seeing how much limelight is for wdw tours looks like saving up for a while
Apologies to everyone in the midfield as we were all too focused on that tense and exciting battle up front
Hurricane as a middle name sound that bad now..
Arabs be fine as hell though. No cap
I didnt make it to the end too wild
Oh I think about the fact that you have a blog
For the informative release notes, i LOVE
1.5inx1.5in ID picture?
Aww Merci
Oh my gosh is an awesome game! Playing on hard is super fun and you work out at the same time
i donno what you are talking about
I need someone to binge watch the haunting of hill house with because I don't fux with this type of shit
Had to buy the hook to get the push.
copyright
I txt my mom get this bread yesterday & she said what kind then rn at the table she said I never
but I can't go to school naked naman
dyed Hair / when she look's like as a anime charakter / and a good character
23: ... idk i don't have feelings
doubt it
WE SEE TAYLOR THIS WEEK 4 MORE DAYS!!!!!!!
1st birthday
On to the second birthday and I'm done
a common misconception unfortunately
Okay being a Cowboys fan, I have laughed so hard at this
I know he's a God but Jesus bro.. that was mean.
Great! Looking forward to the update you have arrived at the Chateau (Lees mum) x
How do you realize old and losing touch with some of your childhood friends? When you get invited to their wedding
Okey back
I started him. He GOOSED me ! I Luckily I will still survive.
Anyone to help me please
Sorry for the mistakes
I noticed that, too.
I added a video to a playlist LIKE A BOSS AMAZING & FUNNY VIDEOS YOU HAVE TO SEE !
Shit really changing out here
Just finished More jump scares than actual chills but I did scream at some point very well done
Lord of the Rings Rocks
Instead of Aragorn, Legolas and Gimli it was a fluffy Dutchman and a clumsy Geordie
Yea i think that time i book my session
Can somebody tell the Brown's this ain't hockey? You don't get points for overtime losses
Omg I was buying spray paint at walmart and I was asked if over 18 bless her heart
You had to been thinking this for a while
Re bloque
I knew this was some bullshit! thank goodness NOT true
Fogo, ainda bem!
For me. More people get to know me the more dirty real self i get
See ehn Usai, it takes all kinds to make a timeline. Everyone needs general knowledge; consider me
Set yourself free and burn your bra! (40 Photos)
Live by the kicker and die by the kicker huh?
I don't have heart?? Becoz according to your post Never love.! Nov
Every loss is fault but really though
I hope I'm a nice stalker though and not a psychopath
Every team plays amazing when its against the Cowboys
Welcome to my life that's my sleep schedule. I need to fix it though, it's been making me super
Thank you
I was a weird kid....and adult
Na the day Egbuna and Mudi go play we go lose
next ep preview, is yuri going to get arrested?
No need to unfriend me then add me up again just to seek an attention. Girlllll like WHATTT???? As if!!!!! Ha ha ha. Lame.
My absolute favorite part of watching the saints game is watching Sean Payton..
- Risky game Wilko, be doing a
MF HOMECOMING
So get right for the week Smiff Discounts going down at Family Dollar today
An HD remaster would be a great addition to everybodies collection
In bed already
Hoooo boi I just slept for so long
I think my body cannot compute 11 hour shifts at work
Accounting is literally the worst class I have ever taken
lmao i believe he made that field goal.
As did I...and still am
Bad weekend for us Ohio sports fans
His right eye looks artificial
Most definitely bro, it's what we'd do for our December hangout.... Dress code would be danshiki and straw hats
seen you many tweets today !!! SIT BACK AND WATCH THIS W IN !
Way to give me a freakin heart attack
Oh rly? Hmm I know if my PC would do it justice either
When you find out let me know
I should have listened...
Wait... Someone is trying to pay you? But sir, we're broke af 25/8...
Finally just watched the first ep of the haunting of hill house. Safe to say watch the rest in the day time
This Leonard team/family is everything yo!
Word my waves cooperating
Haha, thank you! I'll see if I can fit those in for tomorrow's breakfast.
and witnessed me go through the 5 Stages of Grief on Friday. It was that bad...
Everyone was at that Halloween party ln
I KNEW IT! I atayed through the weekend!
Domingou
Trying to write a reflection and it just go third time trying to start it this week
Finally finished in a rush of due at the
the Future is a great map of
Thinking about getting a weekend job. know what I want or where to apply. Also really unsure if even I want to or not
This weekend...I realized a little crazy
lmao i believe he made that field goal. bucs won!
la vie! The voltures did have the decency of moving the carcass down to the quieter part of the parking lot
shuu dankie atleast. Lol
kaosane ke tla on your dm, please prepare dinner and supper
Okay I will do thank you for your help
I feel the same my dear but I'm sure it ain't love
a day in the life of a picture hoarder
Appreciate the kind words from a writer who knows a thing or two about putting together cool reads herself
Pulled a full art alolan ninetales at the prerelease, still went 1-3
Imagine if Twitter didn't have a delete button...omg the chaos
why do i make a new playlist for like everyday. I keep up w my emotions
Watching a Bucs game is so stressful
Al menos editenlo bien
Nah they'll probably be late finishing it
Opss same call his kid and his kid say that dia yg lari rumah and penagih
Thank you cheer team and had the best sign!
And probably true too
Also with 8, yes 8, colours and variable pitch BEEP command for that immersive sound experience. Ah, my folks
Grabbed that Tampa Bay live Moneyline... never a doubt
Yeh good, cute too
Every single day in college
Females*
at the Council
Hahaha...
Any questions, anybody?!
Q: Could this just be a bad
one lucky night with the homies
$300 worth of groceries
Funny thing is Brother nature not even white
really got to stop giving your kids stupid ass names
good thing I always have some due to allergies.
We'll leave Italian for next year
a loooooong game!
My feet may hate me now but at least soon be able to walk in all the cute heels I never could
I mean maybe lol never tried it.
lol thanks
Ok I woke up missing Mio hellllllla like being a mom is tuff when away from you kid
Of course. My machine ran out of receipt paper though so I had to ask them to print one off
We'll be happy to play at UPLB Feb Fair for the UPLB folks next year! Sana sana sana ma-invite kami
Thanks
That's not me on the profile lol
It's Kai, my bias in EXO
That's me and my
thats a different world your neck of the woods
Hottottie, yes please.
Yeah, I know. Sorry about that, hehe... She should have called Elizabeth to do this job: with her,
La 7aram msh s7 la bs hia f3ln 7lwa
Just when I thought I heard every single chicken pun.
Yo the Internet sure gets the job done..
Time to sleep
I can't understand it
When I finish my MA please
really out here giving us heart attacks from the first down of the
Damn!
What were you trying to do sef?
Mine data?
That worked, thanks.
Maskini , but at least that one ni Mahubiri
What have i created?
I am a pantser 100%. I don't plan out anything but I did finish my WIP on the first NaNo I
It's been foggy here too just like that for about a week now
The fact the guy has Lennon over Guddmun is an absolute clown
Hoy no hay mucho glamour
1.7 still well and alive
I stop the giggles I love these rom-com AUs soo much
Unless you count this
Just wanted the headlines
All have a devilish side
I had to
It's on ps4 though. I think it's easier there. Haven't even done placements on pc yet...
That was a good one! I try I try!
It probably doesn't mean anything beside good will !
If you can't root for her team, root for her (40 Photos)
I hear you, I know some who can get around that not shaming it but hey to each their own
Wow that was long ago! I had no idea was an antique.
SAME 1D was my life since I was 13 still jam so hard never getting over it
I was like dammit i gotta fix that tweet or throw my whole damn phone away
With what? Barrels of flamming crude oil?
Since tae posted something art realated i might as well post too hehehe
sorry late just wanna wish you the happiest of birthdays I hope you had an amazing day
Good night my angel
T-106
True
Fuck everybody that's spreading rumors you're going no where with your bitch mouth
God the browns are just a mess. Poor baker
25 years
I told myself I was gonna dress cute when it got cold, but been strictly sweats and hoodies so far
I wish was easier, but then again, that would only make it harder.
Hahhha you need someone to help you! I WOULD LOVE TO DO YOUR HAIR!! But Im so far away
I actually enjoy texting people who use proper grammar and punctuation
been trying to give Hue the benefit of the doubt for most part, but I think time
those were are participation trophies to the fans
Yeah that one. I know the names of all the moves lol.
Fat meathead 12 stone no I want it to happen lad, but chill out having ago at me,
of course it was houston to pop off
This win came after 5 years No i am not crying i've just got something in my
this made me giggle lol
send the best meme you got
wer es mag
My glasses make me look to girly
Maybe that's the next excuse.
I'M SO PROUD OF YOU TAE FINALLY YOUR DREAM COME TRUE
ARMY SOME DAY WE CAN BE LIKE TAEHYUNG
ONE DAY
Ma knight in shining armour, a was due falling to bits
I lost 15 pounds then gained 10 back so I lost 5 pounds
go grab something to eat
Now he looks like a Brown
Cherry Miel is already a japanese cartoon character
Lol come help me then
Wasn't that long ago, apparently
Need a friend clear out ? Tell people you feeling great and watch them run
Hahahahaaaa!!!!...feel free and Mr. President.
a little problem, your dms are closed
Haha exactly the way I feel right now
Wow i wonder who asked this question
How can I write about 3000 words for Language of Light and still not get to the point of this "chapter"
A sorority girl pursuing a degree in bio-chemistry hit on me last night. I was pretty flattered to say the least
Viva John Terry..
I like the part with more bread we need pictures next time. Make it a thing
Excuse the Crow make up. Forgot I had it on
That said I wanted to show what a slight tilt of the hips could
I had to
Im so lost haha Did it only feature stray kids or other artists?
I always ask my family this. I never get an answer
This weekend has been but work tomorrow can suck a fat one
[FMV] Dear Dream - Mark
I made this vid, because i really can't sleep. This vid is dedicated to our Nct dream
High star
It's... Very difficult to create, that's all there is to say
been up since 11am and felt great so I kept drinking... the hangover is now hitting
you know I do
I need a bubble coat
Home has been that long for you
lmao I assure you I started checking the ones that I wear/washed
Can't even remember what day it is today but will try
Here we go, about to get showered by UK Freestyles
Lmfaoo! So you laugh one time watching that shit ?! Cause weak
If you see a mag at any of our games between now and the end of this season, add it to this
Lol Jen! This might sound bad, but sure hop out of bed if your innermost circle of friends.
Mashed Potato bar
I really don't remember learning such things when I was 5
that extra friend who has a countdown for the days when baby kk comes home
I was gonna chime in but dak just fumbled on a 4th and 1 ready to slit my wrist
Lol how can I walk back into work not looking like I just cried for 4 hours
Trust me .. not
Digo pela dm
My co worker says your Browns every week OT and choke it's like they get too excited looking for a W ... like
While eating my apple slices in bed
Its alreyt, I think you making money is more important than my entertainment
If you get off work and dead ass tired asf you working hard enough
C:
And it's your fault that we keep singing & dancing wherever we are. You brought that movie into our lives
The shit I gotta deal with ya'll...SMH
This is a troll account. I'm cracking up off it!
a vontade
Wooo! Back in Berlin, at least till tomorrow morning when my vacation starts
Wish I could get on a ship and sail away into the sunset like in the end of lord of the rings
Just when u thought ur day will prolly just end up like most days then boom plotwist at almost mn
Phew what a day
You could see how scared Lewis was over try to overtake Max Fair play, played it safe and only needs 7th now in
Hmm
Oh god
boyfriend on the bench lmao
Try it and let us know
Lol usually gone between 1-3 hours I always come back somehow though.
Ok I spoil because normal with me I would watch other YouTuber who are doing
I started it again as well last week and just finished season 5
The only projection I care about and Gordon with zero
Is it bad that I'd rather conjugate verbs than write my essay?
Yet somehow people STILL do right by others
is from the future.
What a fight
Guess what doing the first weekend of Spring Break next semester.
A 10K.
never heard of a person that sleeps more than my boyfriend. He literally sleeps more than 12 hrs easy
tired of the anxiety and over thinking.
i see what you did there
SAME the struggle tho
I'm very happy that Pedialyte exists
Mfs priorities be all fucked up
I typed in "1" and my phone predictive text next word was "turnip". Even my phone knows my johns
Lmao I done seen it all. Docs coming in left and right and all I can say is damn
Seems like a more complicated game than used to tho I doubt have time to play it properly (all the
Sorry but team all the way
Recuerdo que con esta me comenzaron a gustar los wandi One Way or Another (Teenage Kicks) de One Direction
final year, but probably only if it looked like they needed CPR, what else can you do really on a tube
Idk I haven't followed the theories after the highlight reel.
But this one's hilarious tho
"Si no hay fe hay fiesta"
Horixe bera pentsatzen det nik
done so many loads of laundry for a tiny little human still growing inside me
no place rather be ... than with you
Another very productive week! Greens spiked & fed, bunkers shovelled up, full course cut (a few times ), a
Redneck sure lol. Can tell by my voice I guess
That sounds a bit lood
wir suchen
trying
Yet working for the next 9 days and I have to compete with school
try to get an
U know dod is wheezy , turbo probably prod. 3 tracks chill
Still figured out my camera, but somehow got this high-speed gem theglitchmob brooklynsteel
So much for always being there
our boy
Puro nalang sleep late, wake up early.
Kailan ko ba matitikman yung sleep early, wake up late.
I slept my hangover away tho
Q bofe ?
Drake's probably hiding from Megan
My website is finally live go to to find all my latest releases
Slipping Away... would you please?
Since when do we like macho?
I fuck wit lil shorty
Typical kimi
Yay!! thanks to the best social media team
Now I've written "AJ & Noah" all my previous stories seem kinda shit to me now!
That was a quick flight.
Reecey boi will be just fine on his own rab
If anyone is looking for a one and a half year old that constantly says, I have one
lol well at least our games are close now right?
...
believe I met you in Sweatbox!
i genuinely feel a little bit lost right now
I chose Worlds, but now I'm choosing sleep. I can do that, can't I?
Udah followan kita
Friendly reminder that this almost happened with the BabaDong
Annihilation was so insane but I'd watch again cause Tessa
(might be not fully correct haha but I'll try!)
Yugyeom: Jinyoung is an idiot!
Bird: I'm not a parrot
YEESSSSS PUTAIN JE SUIS ON DIRAIT QUE MOI QUI AI
Can't relate
Dude, life is a drag. LMFAO
starting my water diet tomorrow
everybody i gave my heart to stepped onnat hoe & crushed that bitch . dont ask why i rather talk to myself .
i stop RTing Kimi-related tweets, sorry to my non-F1 followers/mutuals!
Thank you! Phew.. Was bit reluctant to tweet it.. afraid no one would like it
Update
Off to Glasgow tomorrow and I packed a thing
Haha i know mate i'm still in Division 4 and my Rating is still around 1600
Phew Barneys got a similar thing called the golf course but
magigising ng unseemly hours, gutom, so magluluto at kakain
this is fast becoming my thing
this quarter really making me question if im cut out for this major
Same tho. Have a built in the Walmart I work at. just say all I eat all day, 127lbs
I get it Yixing, Jongdae, is trending okay? But why chanbaek is also trending this two.
Dunno, but they look like they generate a lot of solar power
'Like a normal person' Oooooof... Well, she's smarter than most of my characters then, haha!
I recorded a GRWM video for hair and makeup. hope I post it
Annihilation was so insane but I'd watch again for Tessa
I managed to hear it in row 6 a couple of weeks back. Pretty loud don't remember hearing Boeings or Embraer's from the cabin!
Alright help me out. I decide
I don't know if I'm sinned enough for me to pray for the tickets everyday
Because I'm in my final year of
See fine man Please the secret okwa
Why is my throat killing
You learn alot about women when you're are the side nigga
how I came home after playing outside with the dog.
any good Running Man episodes lately that I can watch? not updated anymore eversince Gary left
we have a bye today
but we need it.
we are not playing the best
A week to myself and I have absolutely no idea what to do
Why has my sister just text me she's in the same restaurant as little mix and they're butters in real life
Lol something like that
Already know what my Halloween costume is gunna be for next week and the next 2 years
he Da vinci is he ! man Kojima retweeted your art.. anyone else can shutttt up
Before this I used to lust after a ZX80 after seeing an advert on the back of a magazine. My Amstrad
59 yards, no pressure...
WIN in overtime!
S I'll be extending my stay in rock city for reasons that are out of my control
Just me that imagines people talking when they message me, yh, ok
Razr phone in red. I think I was 11 or 12.
Ew I'm getting old cause all I plan to do that weekend is stay in my pjs & drink wine all snuggled up by the fire
Calories just dont count on fridays everybody knows that
respeita
I honestly had to recheck because i almost got confused but i'm pretty sure it's his lmaooo
i even stunt these boys up here
Depends if I can be your bitch jk
True. It's fun in the house, too. But after a while, I be ready to sober up but it's already too late
This thread made my night already.
I think this stuff might be a little too early days for me.
usually quite
I've never thought of it. I trust you on that
I finally got the codes working the way I wanted the video is on my Instagram
Gained 60lbs before weight was 130 and went up to 190. Most of it was water. And went to 130 w/in weeks.
I hope she see that kskks not my best work, say
senator sausage smuggler... say_that_5_times_fast
I can somehow relate to this... ~
Curently modding ITG for PS2 and it's the most simplest mod I have done
Y ni me
Zorripower!!
Too true!
That's my experience as well...
What kind of sign exactly ? Sorry for being annoying
Let's not give up on this side project this time. Should be quick to implement ...
Should have taken her card.
I was very spoiled as a child. I- I still am.
Worked as an emergency dentist in the morning... and cooked dinner. And watching Parmanu movie on Netflix. Phew
To the concert at the 16th
Yeah it worked. Thanks to the connecting booth
Too many turnovers for the Niners
Look at
7th place
where my baby at
Definitely Kuyt haha! RB, LB, CM, AM, LM, RM, LW, RW, ST and false nine if that counts as a position
Mate !!!!! so horrid !!!
Ok, do Economics then.
get an update out once not working so much
what is crazy to you ?
50k was the profit. I think i made around 800 coins a pack so do the math
Adres ver
I'm just a sucker for that whole underdog / 2nd option getting to play trope
Unofficial I think
He was really comfortable.
so grad school is not going accordingly
why am I such a lightweight?
He gonna be an animal
I saw a stud bitch at the club last night pulling hella how's with a navy blue bubble vest on. Bitch had me questioning myself
Hehehe Marry Jimin
A little !!
Me neither I don't care
2013//2014//2018
You are my girl crush. Your body compliments mine xxx
shaved. No more big daddy slazzzz. fell of relieved or sad about the end of an era.
Idk why I even buy toys at this point
Mildly stressed out
Awwww :D Im sure everyone has that kind of story But maybe this time it would look good
..
Um...you bro. Obviously.
the love this video tho
Oh hehe no problem
Finally watching
Lmao I'ma need a new one first bathong.
We
Yup. Not even once One of my cartoon crushes was prince Endymion from Sailor Moon haha
I will pay someone to do two one page papers for me by tonight
And yeah, I'll try to use Twitter more often
Class
Yh Bron should've jumped in still.
Thank youu, pretty! I feel like an old ass lady but it's only up from here lmao
Watch out Mr bravo the PC brigade will be coming for you next you sexist pig
My feelings get hurt so easily
If he would have that 20 more pace... I still wouldn't do it with these ridiculous requirements
Oooooh thank good i'm really bad at noticing jokes
Lmaoo Mc got ran over by a car
Tweeting to you live from my Galaxy 9
Lol Jen! This might sound bad, but sure hop out of bed if your innermost circle of friends. Happy Sunday!
My website is now live
Go to to listen to all my latest releases
Best clip ever.
Good morning to you too. It's 5 am over here. And I'm still preparing my case for next Tuesday.
The movie is fine but nothing really special tbh. I felt like it didn't really need to be made
8 hours straight in the studio tryna finish a track. I look like this rn
Sometimes I hate being a solo artist.
Someone offered to pay for my BBL but waiting for the catch
malesef
Maybe not 12k but I once made one comment about kpop and I had about 1k likes. I was like wtf is happening.
Barely made it
My mom asked me if I was thinking about marriage. Haaa I even get a nigga to be in a relationship with me
Delle... "indecise"
Wedding was super fun even though I was broken for it but it was so good to see everyone again !!
so I made brunch for my suegra ...... and she said it was delicious. Ya la ise
not famous
How do you feel now "Hey, do you have video of that quote?"
Bring on the Monday meltdown
I need to stop spending so much money
The hitler tweets were suspect but the Chris brown meme was slick funny
James Harden is the reason why all of this started
I want some Versace sneakers... but I want to pay that Versace price
My parents probably think im stupid and innocent
Molly, guuurrl! You better handle that, or another sista will!
This song sweet pass every song on Opana ein album and I'm yet to even listen to one
I created a monster
I wish I could help but I can't I would totally volunteer but distance would be an issue
Were they a bit premature with this headline
I got a 16 hour shift tomorrow
Having kids really does change you..never thought I'd get choked up over a nescafe advert
Now I gotta invest in a bubble vest
Los hinchas del West Ham y Millwall se enfrentaron ayer noche en un torneo de boxeo.
it good! First episode REALLY enjoyed this series.
Hahaha
Yep the naming and shaming begins chopping the heads
Shocking one is the Sakunda Guy
This is why I go to sleep late
Give me some luck only quad feed , extended mags would be sexy
Folks at work are just now starting to realize pregnant. more than half way there. late.
3- maaf
12 - To get my perfect job, make my parents proud , GTH out of Sudan.
24 - maybe
Ask the professor lool
i'm not but thank you.
Enjoy your time and don't waste it find something that makes you happy
Remember time is too short
Great Sunday Everyone.....
Tenho interesse ATA
Amazing shots everyone . But did something go wrong? see my pics just the text Maybe just me
I really left my phone charger in my locker at work I
Lol Didnt realize this was an older video. cool
Did Kimi win this race because GhSports tweeted Hamilton did
somebody help me with a caption
Thanks man, brings out my current emotions pretty well
well, it's literally a click bait because Chanyeol and Yixing on the thumbnail makes me click it for a sec
No, but I'll get me beer belly out if ya want
the football player and the football is the point.
No shout
For the first time in 10 years owning an iPhone, I cracked my screen. Albeit a small one devastated.
Lol good to know not the only one.
Is it me or every time you go to church , you feel like the preacher talking directly to you ?
Ur right, sorry
Did my ass just crash twitter lol
just a name
I need a gf these Cali trips can get lonely
Ha ha!
Almost done with this paper
Doing this why not
you just love big thumbs and an awful typo!
how? why?
My strike commences tonight!
Trust me, I shed many tears over this. Thank u for sympathizing though, god knows I needed it
It was a good night , jus ended bad
Taehyung likes abstract art so I attempted to make him as one
Wait are you talking to me or the other person
Got my knees feelin all types of weak...
I mean my iPhone 6 is kinda old , Lbvs
Legit makes your nose look like a beak
HAHAHA in a few weeks it will be other way round yay to all the coffee and catch ups though
Bem mocinha
Working with a little sumthin
That SAW is a legend
I'll do this tomorrow
It's getting hot in here... in my ass
El Metagross shiny del mundo
Thanks to UFC now everyone is gonna think ok to fight during a game
loves Kimi
I don't hate it. It's just not my favorite
Welp, I finally got out of bed
Bos hwa fe asbab kter bt5leny 3ayz ashofo bs ana hask fe r2yak
3l22l ha2glo l8ayt mafda
I just told her Hawaiian she was like I just bought a loaf yesterday
Cat like you
This is exaclty why Instagram is a black hole i like to avoid
Yay I'm sorry for shaking nervously earlier I've never talk to someone that is really pretty and out of sight
The classic date that somehow gets more and more expensive every year Vala's Pumpkin Patch
Wow tomorrow is going to be HORRIBLE
Try NC I ordered one off of Fanatics but it has a gray under Bill and just look as good
now every time I go to Starbucks I remember you and your hot chocolate
+2 nesse site
bana da gizli hep
While looking for a costume I drop this one here unobtrusively.
Possibly it's more the
about to break this damn diet
this is me .. me is this .. i can improve in communication but this is me
In your dms
I need a dude that got that energy
Lmfao. Isn't that Africa magic?
WA means WhatsApp in my country
Consoliamoci...
Lit af
Do any group have...independence?...to create their own songs in YG entertainment anyway? sorry for my English
What he said about Donnaruma ?
You cannot cancel someone over tweets from when they were 12-14...
not fair.
Mmmm love smashed potatoes
We had that earlier on for lunch and ordered a takeaway for dinner
possibly because when he initially set it up it was a total flop and he was bankrupt maybe he
hi i know u but not close my friend bestfriends nn ex crush mo DAW yung pinsan ko? fuckboy e sorry na
You need to come visit me first before you quit
Is it 6:30 yet? I wanna be home
Yes sry, I didn't see the reply
That mean nothing to me
"shut up romo you can't even talk"
I'm boring af.. I don't have anything posted that I'm ashamed of and I've had this shit since 2011
Hmmm gotcha
Oh no, I make it! I wish I did I was asking if you did cos I wanted to buy another
He's about half as good as Cam, which is still really good
Some night at green velvet last night still feel wired to the fucking moon
i spent all morning cleaning and all left is a whole bunch of hold items, unclaimed items and atleast
It's beem 2 years since it happened... It still haunts me to this day. Woah~ I don't think I'll get over it anytime soon...
BDSM Slave Edged and Squirting like a fountain (must see)
And no sign of any broken limbs!
I wish I had this common sense when it comes to games and saving money
I seriously hate being a girl but I never want to be a guy help
Jesse said buy some backwoods.. OH WE SMOKING, SMOKING
i think yeah when i was drunk
even have to watch the match!
Dont like it. Long delivery and mostly cheap garbage but thats my experience, some buddys from me
For the NA side of people!
Oh mince ma pauvre, je vais t'offrir un sweat orangina
Who wanna go to lidos after that L
I actually can't believe that we live in a world where NA made semi-finals
My last ATV experience in a foreign land was bumpy- maybe leave it at that
U sure I won't go bck home wit empty stomach
2 years & gonna officially loc up my hair
Everything hurts right now
Oh dear, I do apologise for that
Hope your time in Dublin is good though Definitely good tonight
Hunter says she *refuses* to wear black on black and I feel attacked
all for gender equality, but this is getting beyond now
that's me when I fall asleep without putting product in
Well, that's what I get for editing tweets without proofreading - "most few"
Please ignore embarrassing typos
Heartbreaking
Heh i totally didn't see it thanks!
Wish I could tag a few people
My b, read that wrong
RT Lord I hope Dak okay
The Ship Is Officially Cruising So Now I Can Pour Up
Really nervous wish me luck
Send me pics!! the tooth fairy now
so sorry
trying to decide which one of these to order.
I kind of want them all
Ma vie est tjrs plus belle avec ton tshirt
I just spent so much money the other day and I want to go shopping again...
All-time disrespectful strip from Aaron Donald
(via
I find stuff like this bloody hilarious
If it makes u feel better, Burkish destroyed me in 2 ft5 sets a few days ago
I gotta be careful what I say my I agree with you turns into said I could leave early tffffff
Another one of those days where im pretry talkative here. Guess i should go back to being silent and remain on the other account
get you a guy who wants to go with you to get your nails done
Got beside myself and let some mfs in a position they never deserved... but woke now.. no worries
Lol I was gonna say cus I don't see an 11s in that crowd good few 7 & 8s but that's about it.
Shouldn't its name spell Brian Nawu?
*goes to record voiceover*
*couple fights outside my door at the top of their lungs*
Looks like I'm causing couples to split up now.
Five-minute inky efforts at being expressionistic (with a little So hard to let go...
Somebody that ready
Honestly I feel like have every color of Cruz at some point in the near future
I had got a good ass piece of fronto last night....I lost a good ass piece of fronto last night
anything is fine, really
Yeah kinda of terrible tbh Good fit for that equally terrible tv show
Tell her call me back
Ah huh right
sorry too many words
Cow dressage?
Your less or more now
Kept jumping the whole time HAHAHAHA naistorbo ko pa si kuya
Fuck I keep wasting ma money
And I mean to sound like I was comin at you sideways lol
Just the little kid in me liking
Kinda bummed tomorrow is my last full day in SD
Barca's bench warmer.
Abstracts in journals are SO useful, I don't have to read the whole thing
Masturbation
Looks like forgot to
Hehe... really now!? I need this!!! But will only get a copy for if it comes
Me every Sunday morning
Ah, I get to look forward to forced social interaction this evening.
Day drinking is the best
My Body Count Reach Double Digits Bet None Of Yall Can Steal This
Simple things
Let's hope Infinite isn't exclusive to the new Xbox comes out with
Nem
When we are the line
I hate being ghosted... but like the queen of ghosting
It jumped out, honest!
ustomoyern???
Met dank aan de Beldum Community Day is dit mijn Shiny Collectie 1/3
Wtf kinda robotic non humanly possible, ninjas ninja, tfues daddy kinda shit is this if
Made me cry a little
I'm too late i know
Old selfi cause i forgot about it
Basquiat was another talent that passed at age 27 started as a graffiti artist using layer
Ferrari Garage: "Congrats Kimi!
Kimi Raikkonen: "Thank you, fucking finally"
Exactly
Thank you for your kind words i habe more on my insta account i usually use twitter for fangirling
I you're enjoying your show, I am watching True blood, or to be accurate re-watching it
Thanks but the enemy team is noob
man,just abide to the no witch hunt against Ferrari
NO IT YOU
It was someone without Twitter, I subtweet that hard
Is it just me, or voice in Season 3 has changed?
Mdrr toi
BleacherReport: All-time disrespectful strip from Aaron Donald
(via RamsNFL)
Let's hope Infinite isn't exclusive to the next new console Xbox comes out with
Finally a Toronto team I can cheer for
A inda
Oops... Happy (Super Late) Birthday!
I get New Look jeggings, then wash and dry them on hot so they shrink to the right length
Warriors are playing Denver and somehow the Hawks vs Cavs game is on tv
Tony Romo, get down from that booth & play please
already started working on Christmas gift. I figure if I start 2 months early, be pleased with it by Christmas time.
Just because I was watching you in your bra??!
I hope I can do this!
The song choice tho I appreciate you
Morning tagum..
ratsada nani walanng tulogan..
Lmao SAME I'm literally liking every single tweet rn
Whew a legend
Marcus ridin the pain train now.
Me I KNOW THIS ONE
Some men are scum and some women are crazy. be your final verdict
I saw a pic of him talking to Will Buxton on F1 Live, but it already ended when I tuned in.
Hey man it's Wits
Lol, candles work these days. Just light the fire on scented candles...let them burn till then end
i slept in bed with Colby and lex lastnight and let me tell you they both snore so damn loud
Hello there! I think my pussy is pretty enough.
Basquiat was another talent that was lost at age 27 started as a graffiti artist using later
You just threw all the love i gave you...
~ ~
~ ~ ()
If born you are not a prince
live like a prince
Damn bro is it really that bad
i like boys (sometimes) and girls
Whoever shampooed my hair was getting a little too comfortable lolol but she snapped nobody rub my head like that before
This is the first time it come out complete garbage wow baby steps
*makes me felt uncomfortable...I just realised my mistake
Hello you lovely guy how is your day going ?Hope its been wizzoI had a lovely afternoon
My website is finally up
Go to to listen to all my latest releases
if man could change careers
Ironic that with the Investigator personality I can't find my own clues just trouble
Probably it's because they talked A LOT and I'm not familiar with the guests so
I know right
I wish I had someone to hang out with
Box office
Physical
after last night i decided going to cancel my 21st birthday....
So many sketches waiting to be inked
My school have this kind of budget
Everything else he does is a joke so i would assume it is I hope...
Lmao I was hella crossed last night whoops
You're owing me 100mtn o, don't forget
get your own social media tool then... and call it or which actually sounds better Musk
not playing anymore games w myself! I gotta get this shit under control
Wow, sis, why are you exposing me like this?
apparently Kyokai cried after I made her the banner
When i think of moonchild i also kinda thinking of sailor moon
Thanks! I'm just stressed I'll go to the wrong gate and miss the flight
Made a end screen for our game using some World Space Text Mesh Pro Text and a simple Cinemachine Transition
Tony Romo, get down from that booth & play please
Haha it's better this way I'm always panicking tho
My boyfriend leaves for Hawaii on Saturday and just be here...in Ohio.... studying....
Que chucha
So glad I stuck him in at FLEX
Ferrari Garage: "Grande, Congrats Kimi!
Kimi Raikkonen: "Thank you, fucking finally"
Hows things KC! been a while
too cute
I like how the epitome of their own fanfiction...like...sometimes I even tell the difference anymore
Hahaha
Say You Love Me Yeaa
Dead
I was just reading it from the book.
Whoo shit! I need like 5 back to back eras from them perfect together!
Point* sorry just noticed
Aww thank you
I cut in like the beginning of September
Day 7/7 done. 78 hour week. So thankful it is over now! I'm knackered
Just slept so damn hard for an hour that I thought I was late for work when I woke up and saw it was daylight outside
Had sex with this hot chick,,she got pregnant
Damn,,,shes too beautiful
She keeping d baby
aye the rams trash dassit fkc yu ion wanna hear it lol
scared now when Dak takes off
I gained 11 pounds
not funny
I took photos in this room often.
Made an end screen for our game using some World Space Text Mesh Pro Text and a simple Cinemachine Transition
Go bohloko go bereka ko Mortuary cos Lege o hwile waya mmerekong gaona off
Lol had my Snapchat limit for the day hahah there so many snaps on there already
Again on our flight back got offered
Ahhh you're right :(( I'll just do myself best and try not to feel too bad about it
Lmao most relatable post seen in a while
Nah, work tomorrow! Got to be sensible!
I am mentally, emotionally, and physically exhausted. Is it Thanksgiving break yet?
Hey, Can you please have an official Instagram page?
ok, i can't help you then
That was a close one!
Can you ban me ?? I'm addict, STEAM ID 64 : 76561198272337326
It's not a joke
Cause you bullshitted
I think that is a bit of a understatement
This clinched a +1518 parlay for me
I uh stopped playing half way through it
awesome
Or do you mean like so
I just re-did my entire blog out of boredom/I have ADD with themes
One is present the other is past
you're welcome
That's what I just explained now
I get all the DMs but not all the mentions when I mute.
kinda super proud of this photo
In desperate need of human interaction with someone not a 3 year old
go Galaxy!!!! and Portland
Same lmao
I think they use the same script as tiredaf...
did his laundry how u kno he locked in
How are your looking ma dahling?
As a side note: your hair
Me el otro like antes de hacer el screenshot
That on another level
Last week in France ! Excited but also stressed ! Being alone in a new country is a bit scary
We had to keep the lights on once it got dark last night
Girl me n my daddy got in a big ass argument
Happy birthday man
I have to go learn how to cook
Inter la pa easy non.
Perisic ak Cardi B pap fasil but we got this
get it ?
Thank you :) and please pray for me
Cotton or duck feather pillow?
Running Off 2 Hours Of Sleep
My daughter really had my pregnant ass in the big nets & slides the Zoo Park
be shook af if I got caught in itachi or sasukes genjutsu
I need a lot of candy now
I had 2 main goal in pogo 1 is shundo metagross and 2nd is shundo Rayquaza
First
right. And the one who wastes it on the dudes who are just gonna do me wrong
That too. But i had considered picking up a character for the same purpose a long time ago
i wanna be your healing, i can be real good, please don't get in your feelings. i just need loveeeeeeeeeeee.
blurry, but my trying to finesse my life yesterday.
made it about halfway, so I think sleep on it. Sometimes just challenging figuring out what you want to say
Where theses ladies
Can Larry Steve do that now ?
a genie was standing there..... To grant you your wishes!
only thing i been listening to is and for like da past month
I get no real sleep without waking up w hella anxiety
Thank you. Oh gosh no pressure on my part don't wanna roughen up yr skin with it
Noite-a-Noite.jpg
Seriously! I get mad every time I upload one I guess I could google it instead of complaining about it
Aye, I remember seeing your
Congrats, when I finish emailing gonna reply to
Relax with some girls in lingerie
No
My goal is to be at the gym at 5
My Love
You know old when you have to drink coffee right before a party to make it through the whole night.
That race was amazing! Twitter translates your tweets for me btw
I think even John would admit he's not that interested in the actual religion.
Lo normal...
I was with Machuene Snr last week are onyaka mokgonyana . Bare phelele hle batho ba. Have a great week ahead
So cows do need to be tied down.
Wus ting a gas done pon Sunday
Bruh dumped both of them
Your costume was amazing you really should design them also I would so hold your hand at a party
Yep! Great conspiracy theory material... although I
big surprise that is
I burned my dinner. Is this a sign I should just give up and go lay in bed until my body gives into sleep?
you're kidding right???
I know anything about this though so take that with a grain of salt
Does he have a sense of wine? He certainly has long legs
Mine thinks the vacuum is a big toy and he will chase the cord
So what makes you fuck it
This is funny
I need two Halloween costumes to arrive before Friday and I know what to go as I am stressing
No way seriously?
I'll admit it, I've never been to a prom before >.> I'd imagine it's bit awkward going stag to one though.
Bro, so do I LMFAO but naw I feel it. Some lebron fans do go over board lol did
Gaps can help cure the Monday Blues (31 Photos)
Currently feeling like shit.
You dense
I been able to gain weight for months, but damn if happiness made me gain 12lbs so far
I get Julia Roberts a lot
Don't be!
I'm the same...
C'est la faute Puma, ca taille super slim
personally like an album but all up to u and how u feel about it an ep would be great too
Un scrim ?
Happy Birthday, classmate (belated) Godbleess
I love games. I would not say, that I am addicted to games. As any addicted does.
I just tried that and it instead it prolonged things
Mi raccomando non sudare
Visita la nostra page Facebook World Fan Club su
It was on my phone (I was away from my laptop) and was top big to download, so I had to screenshot it lol
deleting twitter may God bless you guys always. & the people that need to get over other people that
Starting to realise I'm too familiar with this feeling
My lack of a hangover from the last few days should be a concern I feel like
Biiiiiitch I mean to put dick on the Tl before nightfall but this is impressive
Lol vise versa too if anyone tries to fight my man alllllll getting pepper sprayed and stomped out.
That fish was so big, I cut it in half and I still had quite a lot on my plate
I'll jump ur ass when nobody's looking.
Haha oh yes or fb, I wonder sometimes i hear can work, though yes usually presence with the
close one
I'm pretty far above that limit (in terms of lines~ 25pt font)
off for the next 4 days... I got an 8 hour shift on Friday then off for 6 days
Ever get the urge to just. Crawl into bed. And cry? Yeah...me neither.
a little birdie told me I should go ahead and pop out a child
Ah! I should have made my intent clear: *I* want to use it
I think time for a vacation
'the dumps' love that one too.
OMG!
get into the cheerleading competition team but hey low-key glad as it means only 1 training session a week not 3
these egg rolls is hitting rn
Yeah I know sorry
my birthday is a month away. This is your first and final warning
Lmao. Twitter just told me not old enough to follow Bud Light
The Resuscitators Approach to Cover Songs - twice as fast and sack off the bits we can't work out
Can't wait
Malum
Tch.
Dry
Please Try Again!!!
Im only marupok to one person + im the one at fault
Dishes. Handdown. They mess up your cuticles
That's why I'm saying let all of us just die together, go to heaven and be singing hallelujah
Mey we gather dey
looking a seafood type of Sunday dinner
i really do you feel you on sooooo many levels
And the dog be barking soon as they pull up
Me too! Haha. I was like Christ there is more of us out there! going to college in Maynooth
April 2017 - October 2018
Morris running hard
been the tipi? struggling to keep water down man
Yeah i hid out in a store hope you're okay too todays just an ughhhh day
Hahahaha.. I not going play gen 4. Until PvP release I can play I like see test
Serate con la nonna secondo me non finisce bene ahahahah
i work with developmentally disabled folks and i lowkey be scoping their natal charts so i can work with them better.
lol thank thanks
Or one going through your thigh
really dudes on here like t was lying on the Joe Budden podcast I CAN READ PPL he was
No one here will blame you
Uy
Only have one week left of placement which means I have one week to cram in a load of uni work that I even started yet
Set to set dick to dick these hoes be fucking
It's really too expensive for me... I'd need to double my salary to be able to afford that and a plane ticket...
No respect
help us out here
Ha ha, but if it rough it fun as they say.
Owwh can l place my CV also
so behind on ahs
My cramps been playing today
Now you can change your profile pic
Oh my god actually madness
We used to out drink them too
Jealous people will find anything to hate on
Its Gone Be Cold Af At Da Bonfire Tonight Fuck Da Fire Da Liquor Gone Keep Me Warm
True story... Di din matiis ang scammer na yan.
And I have no idea who to tag as usual
Woah thank you god for taking me out of that predicament the things that hurt you the most in the moment help
High key want a relationship, low key wanna be bothered
Imma go crawl in a hole now
Me neither. I am hyped and scared at the same time
Ok only the first makes half sense
I have that
None other than Ken Crawley
Wait What?
Yes, and you were absolutely right
My girlfriend worked today & I so when she got off I let her take a nap before we go get something to cook from the store
They call for nothing.
jake long from american dragon
Durag gang
although i love how we get so deep and how i can trust them with the shit that goes on in my head
Hahaha I ended up getting it........ I had a $10 off code though!!
install some spotlights to increase your range and stay far from the trucks man...
I can watch My Wife & Kids all day .
still so funny to me
Fortnite a 4K
Warm Up with Bikini Sunday
Be thug and just stand there all wide legged in front of the register.
I have the personality of a rubix cube
Why did I think I was a great idea to hand wash my car... I was out of breath just after cleaning my tires
The amount of Pringles I can consume in one sitting is slightly concerning
I would have been so nervous in your place! Funny how we can stand in front of who classes of
oh... Yeah of course...
una negra chula
Or maybe it's your preference
Magic. Gotcha.
Leffen whyd you even reply to this dude
What beach?
dnc Lou grandit MM ehh
Whoops! From one extreme to the other
OH MY GOSH!!!! I'M SO READY!!!! DESPITE SPOTLIGHT THROWING ME OFF
If I shoot my shot just read it lol tell me ugly or something
Thanks for making me forget about the browns for a little bit
Nam I Wan know which job?
not yet I might check out Jimmy Jazz soon for that
I have a stress ulcer
Plus grand fan y'a pas
really infuriating is that the same people hit on a winner like Conte without a single bit of shame
All things considered, at least were not getting blown out.
I went to support my friend at the wheel of fortune audition today and really got called up and won my round I
from 0-3 to 4-3 and 1st in the division
Grane
nah the link malfunctioned or something so I just got it gone
Phew Better than I expected, they usually throw the book at him like target practice
I need my waves back time to get a cut && start brushing again
Splendid of course
Now elite by association ... Not gunna lie I sent you a LinkedIn connection request
old to me new to you
At least we got The admirals
My paranoid ass why I smoke
Fucking hell
Your best yet
I noticed Ash's converse really stand out against the black though lol
Idk bro. You guys will be set because you already have a 16 year old QB with a mustache. we lose
Okay I can finally talk about baby stuff and how going to spoil baby!! also proud damon actually kept this a secret too
My leg is purple and green if the swelling doesn't go down I'm not going to class tomorrow
Today reassured me that I am no longer in volleyball shape
Hasta dicen algo coherente cabrones
Bought a few of those. Wonder if I can make some coins on this. Not that sure
I feel like a bum but lord knows been needing to rest for months now
Por dm
Everyone
i need advice
really infuriating is that the same people shit on a winner like Conte without a single bit of shame
Nothing like walking into your grandma house and first thing she say is boy going on with your hair
All of fb already knows you loyal, you cheat, lie and hoe around. Why you still preaching loyalty sis?
They think funny but they
Mais non j'apprends des turcs
still the same price
Oh no Sorry about that! Thank you for catching our mistake! - Admin Shayla
really. I actually bought D-2 Paris in the middle of Notre Dame by creating a new account because I forgot my
no IF black though lmao but okay
So it's time to face reality and work. Omg. Gonna be back later and feed ur timelines with my Kim Hanbin tweets
I gone lie I most definitely need a chaser for this particular drink
And the yes...you too Matt Longacre...
I will never find a boy if I keep cancelling my dates
Sisi
Got 17 shiny in 3 hours, but I had to work for them with 400 catches
Ah okay! No worries
i love those chats though even though they get deep
glad not the only one who thinks that.
They were so hard to find!!! I caught one finally in the last hour and then one more in the last 5 minutes
My bank account can only afford basic
Time to play the Boss A** B**** Remix till I feel better
Kerala's very own Marie Antoinette
ESPERO ENCONTRAR MI SUERTE PARA GANAR. SERA DIFICIL COMO ENCONTRAR A
TE AMO
All the time
Wallah
No matter what film I'm watching with Daniel Radcliffe in it, I still call him Harry Potter
[CORRECTION]
We made a mistake! It airs from 11:00PM KST to 12:30AM KST
oh, no, I meant that my reply was rather big
it's ok, don't worry! and thank you very much,
You have to stay alive
Noite-a-Noite.jpg
Aww sala pwesto ko --- Stiff neck.
Might need to wrap them up in some bubble wrap too
already a lightweight too, I was throwing them hoes bike
Scored my 100th HS career goal 10 years ago today
You ain't tryna be on that wave sis
Hay Ricardito
you know how some people have christmas decorations up from like october till january?? me but with halloween decorations
+2
thank god for now I've only got a kitten/puppy fever
Day 11 - python and flask
and ammmmmmmmmm that's it
-ah, I apologize for the lack of muse. I just wish my other accounts got this much attention
3 things that are certain
1. Losing on pens for T100
2. Life and death
3. Me finishing 27-3 so sick of it
Oof. It happens all the time
Who hurt you sis?
Wanna talk about it?
Mum is actually this cool and funny offline too love her
I was referring to that rule
Ja, Hi ich hab d1 Handynummer
Im jealous
We try, Barcelona is not only Messi for sure, they're a super team but we trust our chances, who knows?
now would be a good time to remember my work email.
Turning disco into soul
Explains why getting lonelier
Seems like a no brainer right toast be hitting tho. I went for the waffles tho lol
Totally not a fan
Let him know how it feels
ESPERO ENCONTRAR MI SUERTE PARA GANAR SERA DIFICIL COMO ENCONTRAR A
TE AMO
Wow so bored and so barely alive
out of it
Hey man if I was in GA in my banana suit be directly competing here
halloween mean nothing to me never has meant nothing to me. celebrated halloween in yeaarrsss since i was like 12.
soooooo im going to take my qaurterly assessment today without even studying
The awkward moment my mascara started to melt and ruined my make
Pretty girl with the attitude/personality of a rubix cube
I was watching vlive today and my dad thought I was filming myself
No turnovers either
thank u for appreciating!! many people see it as a bad thing but i just have a lot of love to give
I`m glad everything went south.
my girl
kad cemo?
Estuvo muy raro como mataron a esa chica en ese es un loquillo
Stating unclear intentions is better than lying
After all some people say corruption is better than incompetence
Rs
Let me right this in my journal. Got home from practice at 11:00 tonight whhaat. Gotta be up 9 tomorrow
And the other new song really.. quite confused
No in real tears
I promised myself to sleep early and here I am
I might not be able to count but I at least tried to care about oppression in 2012
High Shannon? The actual best
If this me
Not very long to be honest
I'm just seeing it so I'm jumping in as if the beef is fresh
I been having a real urge to buy things lately
That's what I'm afraid it will happen time to buy a bucket
You know whos happy to hear that my bf now wait for his call
My night of reading didn't go as planned. I ended up talking to too many people
After you hit 25 26....it's really no going back
No brushes, no eyeshadow, no filter... no problem! It's still starting to come together~
off 5
lrt pechan
Yeah girl tough
Did my hair and make up today just to sit on the couch....so this is what 30 is going to feel like?
What is going on in Hillmorton? Police helicopter up and some on duty officer has just ran in the Paddox
Is this too much to ask for
I love you just the way you are call me what you want you make me smile
Plena...
Like they say shooters shoot
+2 com uma de catin
Thanks to for the birthday mention!
Made mu frienf go to mcdonalds cux hungryvanf too drink too cycle
Day 13 - finished Dragonite in one sitting! so excited to keep going, but my arm hurts! might get back to
Oh no...... Right now some random website. But because of the temp recast, people are
//I seen the newest episode of Riverdale! I will tomorrow! catching up on Supernatural right now!
I was like damn that was pretty cool......
btw do you use smule? I play with it sometimes when bored
Phew one of many embarrassing songs jam to
Tomorrow gone feel good
Clearly whoever is a revolutionary
Nikolist gets a nice job !
just let myself fly through the windshield to get that 10k
i got a short ass temper if it werent for weed id be next level
Watching American Ninja Warrior makes me wanna go to the gym
A year ago, the foot in bulk
Shooting a clip on crutches..
With and
Oh awesome! Well fingers crossed it'll only be a few hours until is goes live
I mean he's probably bi and also a player
Ahh, no pues... Ya
Even in Ohio rooting for you Mr
Hacked?
Why must the Panthers give me anxiety like this
Watching movies by myself, new
Police of Niedersachsen is looking for Nicolas Cage
BleacherReport: All-time disrespectful strip from Aaron Donald (via
Lmao that happened to my cousin
RIP. I had to drag myself out of bed to play because metagross is actually meta relevant
I certainly hope so
I know that it's not as beautiful as you my angel but.. It's ok at least I tried...
Me going to Costco
On! I meant on!
...well maybe a little but always at people and he take a comment like that!!
Trolling at its best
Ok glad But I rub it , what if I it
August 23rd, I was determined to be a Virgo
So who's watching right now?? lol we have 10 days left until the finishes...whos
Sunday. Half past 11 pm. And I am ... let's say kind of drunk...
Definitely gonna remember to sign it this year.
Friends have me. I don't have them. WTF.
this really made my day
Boo! I want to un-heart for the terrible pun. I must never show this tweet to my wife.
I'm in line too lmao we can talk if u want I'm the girl with the purple beanie and green jacket wearing glasses
This quote did not age well at ALL
But doesn't mean that everyone wants someone new to start and mess them up so they loose and ranks and stuff
I'm not really sure I'll try and see why I can't dm you
I remember I was so heartbroken & then Khalid came out with his album and I dove even deeper into sorrow
Anyone going to see the Faim for the Hands like Houses tour ? I want to go to the San Francisco & LA show ?
Omggg don't worry I know the feeling tho, my gaydar is broken lmaooo
This makes me not want to watch it bc I already know be the same way
we gotta look after each other
Hey at least it was college and a D1 sport at a big school.
Back to doing my planks again
Puppy have that kid of money. I work fast food.
it's similar
you can drop me off ATL Wing since you are that bored.
SO IS THE OFFICIAL HASHTAG or the one with underscores?
Carolina Lavinia will make your day (27 Photos)
Oh snap totally forgot about the time difference!
I have hearing issues moonlight was good tho
What is sembreak?
Damn it, that was surprisingly a really good movie. Kinda felt bad for that demon, too
Omg yes all the old cartoons give me a weird sense of comfort honestly so wholesome
I shall not waste my sheckles then
Mi pelo
Eh ?
ella has too much duality for me to keep up with
No I was kidding I can't find naughty posts because my TL sucks today
If lingerie doesn't get you in a good mood, then nothing will (55 Photos)
Sunday dim sum at UB... not pictured: shrimp n eggs, chocolate roll, and a peach, please! sooo gooood
Run a business with people who are NOT your friends and family, and see how far you get.
Truly sad whether my team wins or loses dictates how my Sunday goes
4G I've missed you
I'm running out of me talk steam already today
Ay?
Yeah a whole bottle of wine
I put on so many people yesterday with the jagger
You are wrong foddiss
Two Tiny Blonde Porn Stars Battle
Tu jamais
Great idea!
I'm running out of mental steam already today
WOW ALL THOSE TYPOS. sorry but yeah you get what I was saying
I know!! Especially in this pic
Comere kid lemme borrow yo toy
part of me wishes I drink too much in Vegas, but honestly really only because I forgot to try In n Out
not going to PV anymore...last night was enough for me
Pretty much all of us during the entire race
that can change
2018 is almost over and my au is still at 0.028482%
Mejor vista imposible
he been waiting in the wings ready for the glo up
Dak to Galloping Gallup. Touchdown!!!! Oh thank goodness
Not only did I crack my front screen I just found out I cracked the back also
Omg J'ai de ouf s"est abuser !
Finally Netflix is putting it back
Rap Monster, yo era tipo:
RM?
Erre eme
Arrr em
Arl em
Ar em
Hasta que pude
That chilled lime juice almost made me go home
I might do that for the next time we wear these after Kumo. thanks for the tip!
I really wanna be a football coach
Moody is my middle name
JESUS FUCKING CHRIST YALL REALLY TRYING TO GIVE ME THE GAYEST PANIC ATTACK TODAY
11000
Anyone else have a hard time just relaxing? lol I feel like I always need to be up doing something
Pro streamers right here
Had an absolute blast showing the setup, swapping stories & playing with our marbles.
I know what you meant
I went on a walk with a friend and to the store. I left the car unlocked both times and left my keys in the car, while at the store.
I hope I find people that are sympathetic like you
If in New Mexico (or West Texas) and you need friends HMU cause there shit to do out here
Would have hit them, people wanna be that f***ing stupid .... lol clearly not in the mood for stupidity today
I wish it would only take me a month to get my shit together
10 months
Wtf..be yourself to
it was a typo
*even tho
Just keep cheering and pretending you see the celebration
awkward and look at my phone to avoid talking to people in the elevator
First time in a while taking two scoops of pre workout
My goal next year is to go on a vacation with my main
I need to get my nails done.......badly
Lol why do I constantly break my own heart hahaha
done my hair in days, pretty much a bare face, and a basic filter
"you been quiet for a while"
me: yea I'm stuck
It's picturesque to me, but I do live in a desert haha
Me hanging around that no good man my friends keep telling me about
First thing is I'd do all the surgical steps in transitioning. Then a sports car probably
Lol London would be ideal but Asia will give me an excuse to travel
I onna piano
Jajaja me
Yalls boyfriends dead ass n my girls dm that shit so funny
Phew
The post homecoming recovery might be worse
Took a whack at digital needs some work
me currently
now that spent my entire afternoon playing PoGo, time to figure out my student loan payments before my deferment period is over
6 o clock, ima stop being lazy lol
I care about my happiness more than I care about my own
Trying to find a birthday outfit is more stressful than I thought
You know whos happy to hear that my bf now wait for his call
Just In case.........
Think what ima go do
I'll try anything once
Westworld is way too intense to watch before bed
Yup!! pretty sure allergic
i hope BTS make collabs with another idol group
kinda want to cut my hair off kinda
why are gays so hot
Its jokes when someone gets a fella & all of a sudden ur forgotten about & dropped like a bag of shit
Gotta stop taking so many shrooms Mario
The outfit I wore to the concert is casual for me
I Need A Boo For This Last Week Of October
No Sass here
System i still need you to finish your build on my minecraft to buddy.
I just wanted a bag of chips
I get he want them to know he was Madara, but damn
got idiots on this here platform
If we break up delete all the music I put you on go back to your radio hits
been going nonstop for a week straight & it srsly feels so weird to have a day where i can just do nothing
I can relate to this one...
Has anybody read school of fear?// Alguien tiene
Was finally brave enough to buy a bunch of crop tops. If they ever get to see the light of day, is a whole other story
Just got home and we're already heading out to catch up with some other friends.
So, I absolutely LOVED and I recommended it to my parents. They binge-watched the whole series within THREE days
nothing more dramatic than my texts to my friends when having a makeup meltdown
Dark/Fairy perhaps??
Going to 30 sorry
Hmmm Chaley !
this bloody dog
Heads gone, need to trust my instinct
Geez that f***ing jumpscare in ep 8 of really got me!!
You know which one if you saw
Marinate on it a minute. You'll get there
Just to be clear you do know I'm talking about James Gunn because I had assumed you were as well
Yo embuh
sir wolleey it's not like that
People who are trapped here generally *aren't* financially okay and *can't* move
I love you,
So I forgot I made my screen saver on my MacBook like a slide show of my camera roll... just say yikes
kinda wanna cut my hair off kinda
finally going to see A Star is Born tonight and I feel like a bad gay anymore
Will I ever get a follow off a member of why don't we? Stay tuned to find out
Forgot to tweet yesterday lost 0-2 vs feelsbad
Play and today bit of a break
Oh well hello there! expecting this a bit too long for Twitter so I suppose go through business email perhaps?
thank u
Wait what happened?! I keep seeing ppl say but what happened?
Yeah! I am not that old yet
managed to preorder Kaiji from amazon! First time that's worked eheh, usually they won't deliver to Norway unless it's the UK site
..point is, I'm very happy when u leave that place, I guess it's obvious
Men over 30 pick up on my playin with the quickness
Bud gotta be bored
are you serious? ayj shyyyy
Glad you were joking
I want some dick
Aint gon lie ...we need a Ratatouille 2
I found mine!
I need some more friends to do fun shit with instead of laying in bed all day
Ahahah grande continua
Tara mcdo, my treat Woah! Dm.
At least I know we will have a topic we can discuss at our ten year reunion next May
That's a good business idea
Yeah but not the last part
A year ago, the foot in bulk
Shooting a clip on crutches..
.
Choreo by
With my bros
Not lazy. Just not appropriate to do right now
RPGs are long games and I can barely play one or two a year. Just trying to pick
Homemade meals, desserts, & my man.. damn I mention my man twice.
Di ko gets pakner... please explain further.
things fall apart in order for better things to fall into place right?
I like having a big room but i wish my closet was just a little bit bigger
So excited yet so nervous
THIS IS THE ONE
Paselfie-selfie lang ako but I still feel exhausted.
Good morning, anyway.
Anyone tryna cruise to hart park or something
so underrated Can I take it as a compliment
Omg someone thought I was a bot this legitimately made my night. (He has since deleted the
My friend asked my boss what size memory card he has in his phone idek that was still a question
I beg you to send me this video on WhatsApp lol
Hahaha not that confrontational
Icardi loves to leave it late in the derby
Soooo do any of my friends have Dollywood season passes?
I just knew they were gonna release smth... but I had to sleep so WHAT A FINE MORNING THOUGH
Yung tweets ng friends ko ang cute iisa ng thoughts
I always get compliments about my
Man gave no fucks here
Bit loud, bit sweary, funny as fuck though
not the type of person you wanna put on speaker phone
yeah you right
ain't no "yes option" there!
love doesn't know what dignity mean dude
That's why it is holy
Shoft nas ele 3ndha nfs el sense yes that is me
brains
I needed this. Thank you
nothing like getting back to the gym after a 2 week vacation
Awww, in this situation, I'll be loving him again in no time. & by him I mean
on the patio outside eating by
she does that,
Started watching the walking dead with Conner, am one episode in n a think am hooked. God knows why av never watched this before
nearly finished on episode 3!! sooo addictive but so bens shitting himself
I feel young..because i wasn't even born actually played on one of these yesterday
Social Media Marketing. What a small business needs to know
If you have nothing to do, you should hit me up bradenkms on SC
Esse choro de perdedor demais!!
Aware this is just a work for the match, but she likely meant Do Nothing as not being in the ring
Phew !!
Okay
Write it down, take a picture, I give a Find Her
Thank goodness
really ? o.O I never noticed !
still mom of the year
My room is a complete mess Jazmine and I literally tore it up and barely was here
Having our bedroom downstairs now means no reason to get behind on laundry anymore.
I thought homegirl was wearing a bonnet this whole time. her hair
Almost as good as
|Brenner Woolley from
T'es en forme toi
iyi geceler
nothing more self esteem damaging than trying to buy clothes online
eres luchador y boxeador a la ves
Lol i think It's more because It's his first TD. But i agree, we should be praising John Brown more
I guess he's taking a break shame he's funny and makes Twitter bearable some days.
a genie was standing there..... To grant you your wishes... No wait, it was a arsonist!
Don't complain.. Next year has been way better at least.
Love it!!
Might frame and hang this one up.
Oh wait?! Is that? About that shit?
Love this..made me *belly laugh*
I want him and an emo bf lol
Emo guys are just so beautiful
been on 1 date in a few months definitely miss having babysitters downfall of living away.
I got in the shower and realize I had my glasses on for about 5 mins...this is how I function after a rodeo weekend
blocking yo ass and yo smart as mouth
Matter of fact tell my son to call me.
Here's to the weekend, CHEERS!! (38 Photos)
Oh Great Zapfish.
Oh sorry. on my phone too. Thank u
really be specific hun, just worried and I really know how I can help x
happy Sunday
so sleep deprived. Honestly know how much longer I can stay awake
Well Callie for ya...
Callie: *with puffed up cheeks*
Sunday dinner is homemade Mac n cheese and pork ribs. The little bit of progress i made on my belly is official out the window
Hmmm maybe you can reconstruct my closet
Buti di siya na allergy attack! Could've been bad hehe Happy you've met them madam
thanks babe i try
I put mine on all day today looking forward to that message tomorrow morning lol
Somebody come with me to a haunted house.. i think old enough to handle it now
Man Vegas up my gym schedule here for the first time in 10 days. get this been lazy bread.
Only 200 days until graduation, not that counting or anything.
I still have to look up which one is "table" or "chain" and I co-authored three papers on iptables
And Sunday night
Haggardo versoza
No, i didn't start search feathers for Ootengu xD
I will need MANY of them
at the hospital and my mom goes you think we will see any reapers I should have never introduced her to Supernatural
aha i wish it were that easy
we might be there very soon
not saying Nathan. hate to be talked about for liking what I like.
Gaps can help cure the Monday blues
Croatia
Teaching is literally so rewarding especially when your students ask to take pictures of you !
Im really slept on .. mad
How did I just watch 2 seasons of a show in just 2 days.....
Icardi loves to leave it late in the derby
de ontem
Thanks. But which one getting me the theme
Definitely I can't walk straight and I'm happy for the word Suggestions of my phone. Otherwise
You're not the only one
Little mobster
take 7-7 tie after that start
Pelea new?
in the kitchen. Hong Kong
Lmfao lets just say everybody existent
Am I missing something? Are they scarier than I know?
Yo this adult thing for me
ain't no "yes option" there!
love doesn't know what dignity means dude
That's why it is holy
Effectivement.
I wanna know how many mfkas did that on purpose
-What do you want for Christmas this year?
-Groceries? My bills paid? Gas money?
OKAYYYY EARLY KO NIMATA
Hate clothes shopping forever worrying about buying a cute top and my cleavage spilling out of it
The I think even is a hair above the creepy lawyer... no I take that back, they
How your day going so far?
hello,
You are an amazing actor. I'm a huge fan of yours and definitely your sarcasm . Keep doing
what are
How long do you think this will last?
Was thinking of your wonderful vid too! It will get to the length of a feature film eventually!
I can't give much support in this area (thankfully) but can I offer you an appropriate gif instead?
In other news, my mom is coming to visit this week so I will be hella busy cleaning literally everything to impress her
Lol right
The room spinning but the rest of me is fine. Please Yaya soki I was out I would have made some questionable phone calls
Fun Fact:
Time Warner show a replay of this because I think we all knew it was a travel. But okay,
Right
Foguinho
Irmandade
HAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHHAAHHAHAHAHAAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHA!
Better to have a Trump U education than some liberal
I was thinking the same
Visu novo
2 down, 27 more to go!
Missing someone sucks
Jacques toch!
happy birthday beautiful!!! nice lil throwback
Yeah find that stop them anymore
Daaaaaamn! They almost caught that hail Mary. That was too close
This only a thing when the nigga ugly and know he got work he was lucky to have
had such shitty luck here lately. Lmao. God bless apple care at least
Thank you
Rams is kicking they ass!
Excited to start setting up for at 5:45 AM tomorrow
Who pissed in your liquor
not gonna win the league but putting up a decent fight so far
Current editing queue
Just won an ebay auction with a bid of 99p ... I feel like I've committed a crime
we not gone forget about you being all in love.
Even tho Sierrah in Houston we still match on FaceTime
It's okay. It's all fun
Never get tired of watching this-always end up with my handkerchief.
I been out in over 2 years but I seriously feel like I need a night of fun
That was great. I'm glad I turned on the notification button for content like this
Came so close to ordering this. Then at the last second I came to me senses!
Glad when i get famous pull up my old tweets
I really needed that
HA! I've done the same
had to start it again because I did something wrong
Happyness con los peluches
You mean that! I made your day!
Tomorrow Ab machine hard & weigh in
..I think you gotta edit this tweet
here some of my bags
$XHV
$RVN
$ZER
$XBY
$PAL
$SS
$HOT
$UBQ
$XDN
$ADC
$VOISE
$SMART
$ALQO
$ADX
$AST
$XTL
Who you telling. Sometimes I tell montana he needs to go to work
thought Fayetteville was on some wild shit before lmao about to change the game
more
If got a notification from me I swear it me lmao the kids at work got to my phone
For every Post some of ur selfies Kung may mag heart
Ahem. Live tracking. You can love track on your own time
not at home anyways
I'm architect by the way.. Bs d 7a2ae2a bs asw2hm. Hatla2eh l mohnds l mdny
My mom loves talking to her old friend and talking a bunch of shit on me.
Everyone praising suncity... what album did yall hear cause i thought it was whatever
My friends are wilin out with these girls right now
I am going to do a challenge. Going to start with $1k bankroll and try to 10x it. Lets see how it goes!
why are tears salty?
eu, lenne, agatha e ryan jogando free fire
2 Big Black Cocks,1Hot Blonde, holes are filled!
you said that then Cay !
Running a business is no joke
I know actually I saw his video somewhere on Facebook I remember sorry
Im just joking
Thank goodness I have to climb stairs to get there
See what?
Work
I feel like I enjoy Brent album... but as soon as I blink, over
need to quit
Best GoPro ad
I've been wanting to watch this but I get scared watching CSI so... I'm torn
For the most part
ist entsperrt
Hier ist Sendepause ;)
Sunnies bring out the bunnies (52 Photos)
Everyone is better Morata at the moment.
Olympic skier Rowan Cheshire melts more snow than the sun (30 Photos)
My current phone case is amazing! My phone just bounces off the floor
in them yoghurt adverts tickle me
Oh wow nice scholar andre ne crazy
Workload , para sa wants cge lng
Yayyy glad not just me!
Sorry))))))) that's all
Epic
||: I guess. I mean, I'm shy as hell
But yeah lets chill with some nuggets.
*Hidan lol
Et maintenant tu fais 35 kills et tu as le camo rainbow
You ever looked at someone & thought to yourself,
Am I the only one who likes amber shaved head
i've seen scream, i know what i'm doing
I really just watched my neighbor tear the bills flag off of his house
My momma made some today
I arguing with no messy bitches no more. Until a finger is laid on me, cooling fr Ima let these
Heh iyiyse sorun yok Ses sese benzer
Hmmm maybe you can reconstruct my closet
But she is a celebrity
Who takes political advice from a celebrity. Hahahaha.
yellow batch
ahaha we talking bout the gas station right?
Foxx was dying laughing at this vid so I lose it
funniest thing been through all year. I was so licked when I tweeted this.
So many girls I know are pregnant... makes me realize we're at that age
okay this stuff actually smells so gross too
These mail order brides do know how to pose
same texts I used to wait for, ion respond to nm
Gina Lynn & Alexis Amore Share A Cock
After the strongest nap, it finally feels like I have some energy! Good thing only about 2 hours of daylight left
Awh thank you ! I made my profile open now
Wow I was just wondering wtf that was enuh and if it was in my head
Me flirting burst into the Oklahoma theme going to be single forever
Nsit sme7lia
Jte vole ton image jlai mise aussi
Well, and I just got IDd as we walked in to see the new Halloween movie. only been about ten years since happened.
shit look like it need hot sauce lol i wanna try lowkey tho. i just gotta front fa twitter
Amazing babe with big natural tits
coming to learn French . And suddenly Arabic !!
Imagination Proclamation is finally out!!!! Go bump that joint and give me that honest feedback Good or Bad!
:
I always think the worst when people post a long caption with a selfie
MMA fighter Anastasia Yankova can teach me the Rear Naked Choke anytime (28 Photos)
i was over here thinking bput getting the day off so i can clean up my spot...well i got the day off
I think I filled in the wrong form
Can someone buy me Black Ops 4
Come on lol Jonah needs a cousin to grow up with
Lol that actually confused me too but I am referring to "Retrofit 2"
Idk why but I wanna go to Six Flags
Good morning! Drugs pa more!
Ah I just got an error message when I tried again - did we break it?
glad to see the immersion program is working smoothly
Missing Colorado more and more everyday. Christmas come soon enough
Yeah I boiled. I think I might have to go to the next extreme and bath in it
And plus all vegeta did was that kill himself move without killing himself so it was a
Yeah I think good honestly! Most of my friends get professional badges anyways
I saw it on a different place
Y un 98 IV de nivel 1
This was me as fuck...
Learning to step out that box again though
hi 6am, so not nice to meet u
Buleh pon.. thx tom
IT LOOKED LIKE COWS OKAY!!!!
ofmfhf juto dying and samatoki devoting his life to revenge tho
How to get away with murder S04
Yeah, i guess you're right
Oh, and I was wondering if I didn't pay attention to his post, cz I didn't rmbr the pic
We are
Morning sis
She also said she would mess me up
Girls in itty bitty short shorts are a magical thing (40 Photos)
Now as far as my other one gone we gone see I have to get through training
Those lips... and you seem very japi
hi 6am, so not nice to meet u
Its my momma that will do all that though, i don't live at home anymore remember
Sana hindi ako magprocastinate this week!!!!
Here is a family photo
That would also result in burning all the flowers and bees
My idea of Internet "window" shopping
1. Add all the stuff u want in your cart
2. Decide that it's too much or
Link me some new ones
Winter is coming
Some proper FOMO going on with $RVN (Binance listing last week & asset layer launch on October 31st)
VA is never as hype as I think gonna be
Scream has got to be one of my favourite movies
And Stu is such a loveable psycho
Al fin me mi lightsaber
Your daddy trippin
No offense tho
Oh just all funny to me right now
It's worse than that he's dead Jim dead Jim dead Jim. An absolute classic
Nah pas encore
People always think im younger than i look and i loveeee it
Been there, done that. It works.
Children!
Sunday we have Immy's Fall Favs!! As in my favorite releases in Sept, Oct and maybe even August
Super drive Max! Deprived us of the 5 Championship today
Like if you type in (fear of tall buildings/structures) it shows you pictures of tall buildings
Un gars courageux
Blanca Padilla, the angel 'made in Spain' by Victoria's Secret
Running off 7 hours of sleep for the past 48 hours
You know I stay away for too long! There will be an imprint of my body on the couch soon
You ever fuck someone in ya head
Tradicional que eu posto
When I'm talking about design & decor. My knowledge surprises me
The mention of Louise ruined it, but I mean def give it a go.
I wish
everyone getting on my nerves today
Brother Nature is canceled?!?! Lmfao wtf is going on
Bigg Boss
I wish somebody would randomly text me
Petty Asf
Literally my last Beldum of the event I thought I gonna get one
Ah !!! En tt cas attendons voir. Et ce Tommy, il ne se cache pas hein mais quel Gansta
What shop was it? I wanna go
Hilarious....
Joke tha na....
Joke tha na....
Ya phir JUMLA
Fakendra se bhi bada wala
Fucking awful, works tho
Idk but AJ Styles because the only one I like. Never followed the BC
It was spontaneous
please release Mindhunter season 2
Eating Pussy = Protein
always wanted to but never owned a wig in my life
not thick as fck but bitch I got body
LMFAOOO Sanji And Pudding Made For Each Other. IDC
True It's not my favourite bc it's a bit of a mess. Bighit what were you
Teve gol no light
Oh. I am from Germany and filled it up. Sorry
Good morning
sous chef a op
...do you still have Bandit, omg
Goodmorning self
Whatever the situation maybe it aint worth it guys
Safe, good night
Commentator on Fox, use to work for the four letter
Not necessarily good, but someone being humbled after trying to flex and failing...you know?
Yep
Someone should have used me as an indicator.
Thanks! It really comes in handy to know the language
*Imbatido
14 wins yorucu
finally can watch an arsenal game tomrrow without getting up at 7 in the morning
I am crying
Me pregunto si sacar la intro de "Around the World" de los Red Hot en sikuris
This is truuuuuuuue tho guardians that piano has me
Who else but Zlatan
|| I have so much muse for this account and nothing to do
Me trying to get the sticky uppy from David Tennant
Damn Annoying
finally can watch an arsenal game tomorrow without getting up at 7 in the morning
Are we going to have a letter clue per day?
Such a great weekend away with me dad
When your gym have full length mirrors.
Oh ok thanks! I was so used to midnight drops
uk whats crazy , i always get left before my birthday like i never be with somebody for my birthday
Avoid the internet at all costs until Thursday night!
Ohh I get
And my man got a bad nose job in 1988....damn, his was more like work in progress
Thank goodness this pic is out of focus.
big facts !
Before the fire? Cause i dont even remember that BattleOn
puffy eyes for the day
Swear. Straight back handed.
Coe Arthur dando mole
The Devil in the Body of a Princess
Don't tell my fyp partner. He thinks I'm coding.
Unfortunately not really
happy 23 years of being single, kim hanbin!!!!
Someone from Spac hijacked this artists lyrics and went to perform them on X Factor
Mnim nya Sungjin maybe took a lil revenge. But to the wrong person
haven't tweeting here sorry just trying to recover from the fact that i saw bts
just made this private twitter, hmu if horny im 19
Lewis doesn't care about using all his coins
So on a Sunday
I think the least of our worries
Follow everyone who LIKES & RETWEETS this
One day all fall into place
What is your brother capable of?
Also, I have step-brothers in NC that I want to call and see how doing
HAHA unexpected
I took a peek at Freeform.
fall in love with the pictures you see online because bad character, mouth and body odour show online
Thank you. I expect to survive. It's more frustrating than anything. Pain is
HAHAHAHA! Merci, merci!
P.S. You owe me a print
My niece cried when she saw my escape costume
Ha! For now
Strictly friends but kill my girlfriend for talking to her ex I get what you saying tho
I been playing Spider-Man all day and I step on twitter for 5 secs and already a shit show
Yeah I guess that's why there are so many fatasses over there. At least there's a reason
I've made two friends at church so far and I'm really excited about them
Was literally gonna tweet that brother nature was too nice to be true
My muva said smoked and refrigerated so ... wish me luck guys
you like cats that much
100% agree, a joooke but also changed her whole face
Imagine the boldness
Sad
i keep forgetting i have to shit im suppose to bring for people so i gotta pack those as well a prepack tuesday lol
Jim Irsay looks like he had a little too much to drink during the game
Lo se, aveces no me gusta y me voy aventurar sola
Idk either but I need him to tell me so I can grow my perm out and then donate it
30 more minutes until lena comes home to me and yes I have been counting down the time
There aren't enough days in the weekend.
Ild rather be a melt than a spurs fan
Gotcha! Thank you girl. I seriously sure
what a weekend so much fun w my love!!!!!
Ahh what did they? Fuck! Glad I decided to go see Venom instead of watching the game now
Loving the auction bidding between Lewis F & Akeem no doubt if Lewis wins the bid his haters will say that's rigged too
be 0-5 against joe Flacco what the fuck
I know and I just sit and go till yu sort it out
If the person on the speaker at the restaurant sounds like they wanna be there, I just drive off. Lol.
a great feeling, huh?
You sure Ingram needed help ?
16 and still cant drive
forgot to ask, for dinner tomorrow night? Remember is a fussy eater
my period cramps are not here to play this month holy hell
awwww it's my fault I barely gave any context
what a sunny day
A5 Not much, to be honest. Mostly enthusiasm! Refer to answer ... can't remember what number about me being a pantser
I had no idea about that but I just looked it up.
My new job loves me and I even started yet
hahah please
I have tiny pinkies
You had me laughing from start to finish great show thanks for tonight xx
I just read this whilst on the toilet which was pretty funny considering the words you used
I love Electricity
I Have Full Song But Slow Version
I can't even tell anymore what's fake and what's not
ugly cries while laughing hysterically
RH2..... but luckily I filter my water
u hate when lookin real cute and take a pic
Shems Harvey
Mamiss ko tuloy dgtay boyfriend ko
Fab.
I should probably know where this is ! I'm Navy though, not Air Force.
damn a whole mood
Finally back in my groove and ready to conquer the week! I promise there are veggies under there! Happy
Torta 1 dieta 0
I realized I laugh at ppl when they get hit in the head not bc they got hit but bc they get hit with stuff like
Please stop Lai Mohammad before he puts this country up for auction
I am more than obsessed with this boy man, a problem
mmmppphhiii .....
Me in bio everyday
Global warming is really no joke... we really just skipped the fall season and went right into winter, haha
garlic bread then specifically
sale en My father is strange.
Idk if any amount of preparation is gonna be enough.
lol
u must visit the site
I just remembered a time when used to screenshot all my pics
This my last year
LOOOOL!!! fedaitch about time I guess
Waaayyyy now if only a certain nex gyal was doing that instead things woulda be different
Ongoing goals
Stay healthy so get all my abs only get to 4 then give up
Buy a property somewhere hot in WI
My first crossfit competition at the (ignore my faces I was in the zone) Yesterday taught
Lol we say this.....
woke up cuz i dreamt of taho
Thanks for the heads up mate, will try to include him in tomorrow's tweet, if we get some good performances atleast
what is love
This is probably going to flop but whatever
be sleeping now so goodnight see tomorrow!
Loooooool not gonna lie Portland jerk pork different, it nice bad
Que significa las siglas (EXT) ?
Our last bonus was so smal nobody noticed they got it
*Free Advice*
In life you gotta be like the Porn *Camera* man
Ch Vm Pion
Torn between going to the gym and starting my amethyst wire rings
Fair enough. You wrong, though.
So Taylor Bennett & Chance the rapper the same person? Lol
A ver duerme ahora
I just randomly started craving it right now
Olympus Mons looks like the pimple of Mars. what I always think when I see it sorry Mars folks
Nah , good. Talking about females... I gotta nigga & he not having none of that
Oooooh ok merci! J'ai pas encore vu ce film
If you want my number just go look at all my flags and tags in the concentrator
Uhhh water please....
My life could be so much less stressful if I have to put $90 worth of gas in my Jeep every week
Is it bad that i wanna show up in sweats and uggs tonight
i chill way too much
got a special place In my heart for FAT cats, and old people
I made it worse I pressed the heart button
no review
Scream
going to be going live with Arsenal on tomorrow
Blonde teen Agata isting each of Mary's holes
Hallow: "Try to keep up, Tat. I gotta go fast! "
Hallow might be too fast for poor Tat...
Euh bof
OwO These look very good! I'm very interested! Seems like your DMs are closed though
I need to wear more of my jewelry more often but I have so much joy and bliss in just collecting it
Ion have enough data on that subset of the population to accurately report. So, imma just be quiet.
Okay... love you and random tweets
Funny thing Woo I'm a certified REAL developer on
Get back in the game with girls in sports bras (30 Photos)
AYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE! my nigga looking superstar potential
Damn baby girl I feel you on this one. make you a new salad if I could
Better get the popcorn out
That bartender we had should have been enough biker for you
Should be working now!
Interesting read, but you should probably delete the link we wanna make it too easy for
Damn bro just gonna let a little girl shit on you like that?
In all seriousness,
Pooping while having a hemorrhoid is like popping out a damn cactus.. wtf man
es furro confirmado ok no
Great catch...except a Dodger did it! Go Red Sox!!!
People at work have started to notice kinda need to reign it in
know how close I was to crying lmaooo
My bf has resting bitch face so bad I was like babe why did you mean mug our waiter so bad?! like I
My rv is a M E S S this renovation had better look beautiful in the end Most of the walls are white now
With all due respect Tua is clearly the best player
That tiger blanket is a different type of warm
Yea ye right ok
I need to visit it one day Was in Egypt for holidays as a child.
ay happy birthday H, good to catch up at the weekend albeit in cutters circumstances
lol
lightweight
Shaku on the beat reading Wizkid tweet RN Stew too much
You're very skilled! Ah, I wish I could make dolls...
I need to practice kinzleys Halloween hair, but so lazy
Why yall doing this to me at work
yeah i heard sorry ab that
Lol thanks
The legendary plastic.
do you have any fat kids deals on house fans
InvaCion?
What my username? I always do around Xmas and Halloween. Then go back my is still the same though
kind of creepy tbh
do not worry . I hope that there will be another giveaway to compensate all those who participated in this long giveaway
lol thank you
Sorry I suck in person too
not into proving points that's too close to explaining..
podria ser mejor
smoke til high
This just gave me chills and now im terrified
Still online, I redid the math and I need a lot more then I thought I did so yeeeaaaahhhh... come help out??
Busy sched
Let me say my peace and then maybe I'll be able to move on but I highly 100% doubt that
Oh come on Viss, no one likes a show-off!
("58K Following") Oh wait, my bad...
I deserve this
Lol. Fakin dudes shut they $5 azzzes down foe I make change
not yet but ill update soon
believe I still remember this verse
Jonas said no LOL but I was scared. It was more funny to us. We were laughing the whole time
Lol, you trying to hard
"Prepare for trouble and make it double" Equipe rocket pro dia 21 do inktober! Mais uma semana p acabar
Now Brooke is sick
Redong?
why does he do that? he can not happy you and then take that away from you.
He " just cuz " cash apped me yesterday and I didn't realize till like 5 hours later
Too stoked on music right now. Sucks I gotta go into work
do you all have a deodorant in the works?
I never said that I couldn't you're my everything but angel
Inktober Day 21!
I remember there used to be a clown in that drain, where'd he go?
While one person pays for an Ad on IG, another person uses the comment section of the Ad to advertise
40
Sure thing dude, come for the pvm, stay for the blowpipe specs on Zik
BIG BANKS always gets me way too turnt
What did he tweet?
What you need help with? I still haven't got out of bed
Just took a solid 4 hour nap
HIS SOLO IS 10000% the only reason top 5
Throwback
i just want to scratch my head
well I guess i'll just want this again next tournament
BEST BLOWJOBER KA PA RIN TANGINA MO ISA PA ULET PLS wala eh keep coming back for more eh.
Which what? Me looking for Joon's mixtape?
LRT>
Not sure if being mocked or...
I just understand why 18+ men are interested in girl 16 and under
just saw my old plug at my new plugs house
Made some progress today. Put the Z on jack stands.
Personnaly, I knew him before brother nature
Me and just dropped double 95 bombs
I honest to god thought I was the only person who did this
check out the new new:
I really do have that Fuck you type of attitude
Thanks only mad cause they jealous
This explains it all Brandon Ingram was ready
After catching for 3 hours I might need a change now
Idk I was freezing
Kimi being mobbed left right and centre lol
Does it help if I bought it on iTunes in 2007
with all these notifications?
This is why I started online grocery shopping at Walmart!! No more roaming the aisles picking up things I don't need
Most bitches baby daddies be gone in the wind want no parts to they ass... then mines lol
So cute! Why do they somehow also look so powerful
I wish i could give you a tip to try helping you, but i think of any atm.
All i can say is
Eh too basic
Power *
I still think about you
Lemme delete that before someone sees it
...
GRANDE KIMI!!! Absolutely fantastic race and a well-deserved win! Tippa ihan tuli linssiin kansallislaulun aikaan
Actually I'm on hiatus you guys...
Omo... I miss those ballons
Hehehheheh I'm 1 year older now!
+17
If I didn't have exams being with you hours
LO SIENTO TONY Y MIRIAM
Sorry mars
I really hope this puzzle piece is worth it
No, because you know, i really like minor minor things
The pleasure is all mine
Interesting fact about me: I have never carved a pumpkin
I want an iPhone X strictly for the camera quality
I haven't gave her a name yet im still working on it im not good at naming some things but im glad you like her design
Yea they stole my friends ass I wanna file a report
Check Out The New New:
I see. I guess easy?
We also all loved Jimmy Carter.
Matter of geographical preference and some undereducated based misunderstandings
already six and I done a single thing that I needed to do
Is you getting just a reference to BoR 1689?
just gettin started I know you said but the other part about?
Dang .. switch up be real
and tomorrow is my birthday and i have to get my flu jab
Lmao I had physics with her... this is wild
13 hr day done - London and back with a bit of kip ... Off St Andrews tomorrow!!!
Wouldn't pay that much?
E na maratona Star Wars no
Yes, there's one more. Dushehra. I say, let's just call it Vijaya Dashmi.
LA CASERA DEL INFIERNO
Got to see last night with the fam. But I slept through it. Fieldstone Cinemas Six
Inter Vs AC Milan was incredible never seen such an atmosphere
Does anyone else read this thread and see this picture in their head?
I can finally make a mini donut
Missing the 6-8 hours phone call.
Haha balik kog senior high bi na na na!
Monday
wait I meant get well soon hehe
Incomplete
Evo hates the terrorist fascist imperialist USA!!!
Cheeeeeee . I can relate but I can't relate
Choro de perdedor, hein?!
Go tenter ma chance
last rt. i dont understand anything right now but goodmorning.
That was bout me. I didn't know I didn't have em off.
I'll be watching the episode tomorrow. I wish us both luck in staying spoiler free.
Bruh bringing in the New Years this go around at
Such a great lineup. not crying crying
Salamtek sister. You should sleep eaarly tonight.
Welcome in the procrastination team
alright, English is really difficult most days. So many exceptions and rules make everything difficult.
Accidentally got drunk at Cheddars with my favs
Lol
Gave the wrong ppl my time wish i could have it back
Salamtek sister. You should sleep early tonight.
Welcome in the procrastination team
That was close
are for snuggles. I really breathe but happy so
Positive nominations this week so Lewis should be safe & won't be up then since they all fucking hate him in there
Today I made caramel covered banana blondies
.
At least 50% have already gone
being silly on set whilst waiting to be tied, chained n cuffed!
Annnnnd that is why never having kids
Where is the "I"
Wait until it actually happens if it does
Bruh 6pm and I eaten yet. Lots of beer tho
Crazy right?! Oh yet those are what you call friends
Trying pumpkin spiced latte for the first time in my life
Yay Feuerwerk
bought the new cod and the xbox decides to take a shit
It's the turtleneck, isn't it? Although I still don't get how people get a "cool" vibe from me, I'm such a mess.
lmao, what a waste. congrats still, Michele! Top 15 finish is not bad at all
Mojave's "Dark Mode" is cool and all... except when reading emails. Then all of a sudden it's too much.
Wish weekends didn't have to end had a blast with some great people!
I need to see this
Lol
Glad I blocked him
Baju ijo itu p kwang off potoin mook yg mana? Bju putih itu tay, off yg bju item dia dipotoin tay sma arm...
I always feel wierd when i accidentally view someones story soon as they post it
Monday morning late
That was kinda mean of me
Gonna be a late arriving crowd
That makes sense now
Oh moins elle a des gros seins aha
Ok actually never mind
Yeah woah sorry that telling you that even though not interesting
Usually I shy away from the controversial but I thought that this would be an interesting topic to explore
That's too much right
I stop the world. World Stop. Carry on Twitter: |
I honestly feel like just fucking off to Thailand for a few months without a phone
Intense for the heart!
Bitch, I love you and o just need to express it because it's driving me to an early grave with this album
proven and tested
True bearish but so much more shorts then longs. Would be risky to short as well so just waiting patiently
I went out to eat with some dear old friends and then took a nap after
Still not done with this paper
Ou le Monde, version papier pour affiner les recherches
i will thanks
Delete this
Bought this deck 10yrs ago for $10, say it was a good investment for the ensnaring bridge
Ohhhh... LOOOL
Well dammit
If going to EDC, i have 2 weeks to get myself in shape and pulled together
If you were at Polaris then You probably saw me in the Crew :D
Birthday girl at Beats, Booze and Brunch closing out the misssmartypants76 birthday tour
With the amount of milk I drink this is probs gonna be how i die
i knew it was a matter of time before someone in my city followed you, smh
Yeah that's how they got ppl back after they stopped watching in season 2.
The hours I don't sleep throughout the week I sleep them on Sunday
This makes a lot of sense to me actually.
Indeed
gi spoiled nanaman ang bata sa Providore such a cutieeee!!
Omg I got shouted out as a rebuttal for this meme lmao
So like taken na akong isa ka crush pero it's ok 1/9999999999999 crushes is not really a bad loss HAHAHAHA
Cameron & Lewis joke on with each other in there & idiots think they hate each other now
It'll be interesting
Pues
Is it just me or is this month going by fast as hell
If only we took the Fg on that first drive
The titles of songs 10-14 could be the title of a whole new song.
We going Turkey
never understand why older women love me and girls my age
Yo espero armarme d valor
Gold 1 , was nice to be 7th for a few minutes
ya sure
Pulled over just to mute/block you!
funny cause moss sent off for the same thing last season. this year
Salamtek sister. You should sleep early tonight.
Welcome in the team of procrastination
i gotta hold on to the idea that everything happens for a reason to keep my sanity
my niece knows "advanced" should be the word. proud tita me
Agssuwhsghw
I did half of it, almost puked and then stopped. try again tomorrow.. or never.
Guys I'm sorry for my broken english I've just realize I wrote "were took" instead of "were taten"
Nah I'm good at horrors
check your dm i been tryna buy a thumbnail for a while now
Oh God that's would be a total nightmare for me poor Jenna!
Cringing while staring at all those wires good morning! I love the morning sun!
First day late
Yea I gotta change it
Kick back and relax, Hump Day!
To watch them loose
I used to bash tf out of women on here
just counted the number of shiny Pokemon I have. 110.
Of those, I have 52 distinct shinies.
Curtis and of SCVI gave me two more boys to love and draw until I break my hand.
(((Also
Awe I thought you would say something smart ass or funny back :( lol okay back off
Waking up from one shift to go to another shift is not how trying to live the rest of my life... I need to get that degree
Vai memo ???
Can I ride that dick again daddy Again ?
Eu na vida..
Probably not the best idea to nap at 5 pm but my bed feels soooo good
Soim old..my lil bro is a senior
Albania, land of bad revamps
*I'm with you
I meant
Now on I'm better at that than Twitter I promise
still doing the aesthetic boards, I just felt worse than expected today
Tired of feeling nauseous all the time tired of being hungry but gagging when I eat. If only there was an
For a moment I got excited and thought ohh the new Creed is gonna be lit. Then I realized it was Creed II
i did kirishima...but shhh doing iida next...bc...idk sorry shinsou stans uwu
Get me 15/2 and I'm there
Going for a 20 frag today
me: i do something.
also me: end up doing it anyway. (pic not mine)
Is your mans really your mans if he have a picture of your ass looking as his lock screen
I just woke up from dream which is I escape from prison with the hot guy riding white R1 come from knowhere and its kinda cool tho
What happened with his left hand
what sayinggg
Nadala kos weekend atay, naa man d.i assignment, practical ug quiz karon
My family is literally my everything i push myself because i must provide for them. I thank them enough.
Me and my boyfriend are going to see Halloween then going to a haunted house gotta prove I no bitch but scared tbh
Blocking someone does no good these days lololol people talk
To get lit or go to the gym
Could always know when somebody cares or not yes take a hint & move on.
Damm i can really be a pain in the ass sometimes
I done goofed
You know
put into perspective when saying goodbye to your boyfriend & see him for 6 weeks
It is now 6:20pm and my hangover is officially over. Thank you God
Monday feels
Sorry
Am I at that point of fame where I retweet my own tweet's?
nope that's just called being desperate...
You can try looking for it again later. That sometimes happens to me. When I don't need something, I see it
Always bro
For , round 2! This time with proper markings
The only pic from a crazy night.. joannesaid Thanks to everyone that came out, love you all
I really want to rummage through my followers galleries sometime and uncover some buried treasures I may have missed.
Rest days suck , trynna hit the gym
You really didn't need too lol
First time ata to.
nothing dude
And then Christmas so excited lol
Yessssssssssss. I love it and it's juicy. Much more flavor than grillers. Just a bit more expensive.
iyi filmler
IT TOOK ME A WHILE TOO she was the one that was always disrupting
Or memorize
seeing jokes like this and scared to see what he did
The Dragons must hate me because of all the notifications they got because of that lmfao
Do You King Street West
The Ultimate Creampie
AAAAAAA COMER!!!
Thanks for the game Adam! Stormcast definitely like mortal wounds haha
Like clockwork
I blink my eyes and the grand finals was over!!!
Dam I look good
My daughters first pumpkin patch. (:
Who wants to go ? Dm me
Since just us.
Hill House
and then the announcer called me out.
Oh god !
Would say I need a bitch but I'm wat a bitch need
Jurajil?
The mv is great. You are great!
Come to the conclusion that all my family are weird and the only normal one
Actually you are not. You are just being you sometimes.
Not only am I I *am* LGBTQ+
Love you all! Shine bright, as the unique pieces of
Dou!
Nop
been a little wild lately I need to chill
Hey pal! Don't worry we'll be there. Hopefully GSU shows up amid this record. Ya
Do You King Street West
niggas aint shit but neither am i so we can both not be shit together
shaking so bad that i take a clear picture
Trying to curl up and take a nap because I'm in pain. Cat climbs on top of me and stretches out like she has rights or something.
Okay my back officially hurts from busing tonight
Too much energy!
Really in the mood to dance
Thanks
Been a while since I've heard "cold snap" sky news fav word years ago that
I know this..
I had a crush on Johnny Bravo as a child and I think why I have such trash taste in men now
Was it that bad? Ando para ver, mas estava sempre naquela que worthy?"
I feel Violet moving around more and gosh this girl stay still
U right tho... lol I had to look her up first
lie I treat them like cats because I how to deal with babies
everything stew
imagina amor, ain, kero
making crab rangoons first
Its actually a 6 foot body pillow of 2B from nier Automata
I agree
But I still think we stayed in their memories, especially when I think about
Well after looking at pictures and videos from yesterday, I am DEFINITELY an ugly crier
I am curious tho if he had any sort of reason or if just stuck names next to names
That was the first one ever
Need to go to at least one Halloween party this year
Plus... SAFAD's color is maroon.
Who?
Why is volleyball so expensive
You can't have a problem if you don't have a dupatta
There's a Brazilian reasons why we love Beatriz (30 Photos)
Not gonna lie, when I saw (Michael) Gallup trending, I thought had dropped some major polling data.
True. both
Who homecoming going to gonna replace states
Getting ideas of my nephew's piano
Every night I try to sleep early when it comes to this time but the mentality is hard to change
When all else fails, take a bath. seriously helped me restart my mind and wash away all my trouble (if it work then
Okay, going to do my best to pretend Submittable exist for like 3 month and by then I should have a few responses back.
I wonder when stop stressing... probably never.
Gotta win in the playoffs which they kinda choked in last year.
My ass WOULD be dead and still in the service industry
planning so many big things & I wait
I hate how sensitive the world has become but got to read some of these replies
I was kind of escaping my blogging responsibilities i had an unplanned break for almost a month
We've been suffering in consistent high 90s all summer, so it's frustrating that we still don't have fall weather
i know my grandmothers work schedule and exactly what time she'll be home so we can hangout because she's my only friend
I work four and two 8 hour shifts this upcoming week Lord be a fence and may the bag forever be secure Amen.
Just worked out not called treating yourself when you do it everyday just called a shopping addiction and a sad bank account
I watched this yet
Alright ALRIGHT insomniac this new Spider-Man difficulty got me....sweating a bit
Kushner better cut that deal with Mueller right now or go down for accessory to murder 1 and high treason.
Two years na diay
The trailer came on for bumblebee and I asked sean if there was a new Herbie movie so where at with the trends.....
The train was out of control last night
Heading to the airport. My early Monday routine
needs to stop playing with me
that was nr 12
My ass WOULD be dead and STILL in the service industry
Supposed to been dropped this
Xiu!
And Chica's just looking and thinking, "What is my owner doing now?"
Thankful for friends at work when had a stressed day already
crazy
Yes I know we're on the opposite ends of the political field but I know for sure you're
I need a cash injection nje noba Yi R9000, then ndibe grend..khawenze ke
Sweet jaysus! How did that go?!
Facts!
A beer works wonders when hung over
A part to charity
Pay my parents' bills and give them what they want and deserve
Get a gaming pc
Save up for the future
I have techies game with 18% winrate
wondering the same thing about myself at the moment.
Finals now
Must be nice on yo side of town
fr I need to chill
With small bikinis come great responsibilities
tryna run a business
i wouldnt use that filipino translation service again
Idk about that one chief
i mean it was a good run, but mls defenders are also shit most of the time
- De ontem com o Cria
I definitely chose the wrong career path
ohh yeah, that was on purpose
First day of Exam Goodluck
IM SCREAMING DAVID YOU NEED TO LEAVE
Oh on the mono tweet? Ok
What about to share some bandwidth with me
i still have to take an exam and do homework and yet to leave bed oops
Looking for someone with white widow is the fucking struggle
...80% correct
Idk about Saturday
What am I getting myself into?
End of the day! So time for some art again! For today i have some Nepgear from 4GO, and i just love that
Hey
I was out the entire time and get one
Im jus playing sis ion kno none of her songs i was like 5 when she was popping
the grind bless the double xp this weekend.
Smoking while having the flu and coughing you loungs out of your body is basicly creating loungcancer 2.0
he played every minute between the posts this year?
Yuh def not pulling out
Myself
Like when you're the only child going out with your parents
Sometimes you wish a day is a couple more hours than just 24
Oh yea I just seen that snap
Update: I finally told him today since he checked his discover card balance
Brother nature is cancelled
Lol flowers? a whole tree house looking like a jungle
Feeling impulsive
I was staring at the moon and just kept driving up a one way
used to getting my way so when i dontttttt, an ISSUE
no i def will! it'll just probably be tomorrow or much later today because i'm a bit behind on schoolwork
Kkkkkk
Going with your phone and not using it... It's Bathroom
Running from his gf and spooning with Wyatt.... This is backwards...
currently
The "one more chapter" excuse has you reading for hours on end with Sarah J Maas apparently
Happy Hump Day Rock that Booty
Yes there will be poll choices involved, and hopefully y'all will be more eager to play detective than flirt.
I think Paul might be a little jealous! That's his TanMan!
Lol..see the person calling someone a hoe you lateCumer..... but who is Sophia first first
So much easier said than done
Plusieurs
Daredevil (actuellement), Jane The Virgin, Orange is the New Black, Supergirl
Oui tout en cours en
My name starts with an X...
facts! cause I know I done said some off the wall shit a FEW times
Did all this really sell out in less than an hour?? I was tryin to snag that crewneck
?
We will never know yo pienso que no
Haha... guilty as charged
Pretty sure this is from nightmare before Christmas. needta chill
Check out who's in YC's most valuable companies! we're hiring PMs, designers, engineers and more. Come
oh i feel stupid now
he gets sudden flashbacks. it was his last song as exo-m lol
First time stayed home for more than 7 hours in about a month
Niggas just care anymore huh
i miss my non-music major days
A new extreme sport. Swiping on tinder next to your crush
I don't know any fat stoners,
looking at my before and after pics is such an amazing feeling
Chega
She has a toy with something like that but still just chooses the tag
The cowboys got this , No pressure
iu sketch~
the hand is,,,, a work in progress
Sorry **10 it's hard dating a celebrity!!!!!!
Atualizando
Okkkay
I didnt know
believe these dudes ... crazy
Drank like 8 cups of tea today
I can wear sweatpants everyday for the rest of my life
Ain't been to not one haunted attraction this year
Real oficial isso?! Como a pessoa torce pros Ray's?
Tranquilo
not canceling Brother Nature. A lot of act like coons and Jay-Z looking like a monkey.... well
Swipe left, swipe right... Yep, I'm playing "Reigns: Game of Thrones!"
I got my mid year evaluation! Basically ya boy killin it EXCEPT i cant clock in on time Saturdays and Sundays
... was this automated? Or did someone just misread my tweet
Blonde Wife Fucking My BF & Cums In Her Pussy
Like metaphorically, or should we be concerned?
the full thing. You should get it. But actually read it. be like me
idky im updating that post still but been getting dms
Internasional School is the best semacam begitulah
Gotta pack all my shi bc be back for a good two weeks
sonra tekrar
Lmao love that show. But ok how did that even happen?
Thanks Vivi! Claiming na rin
Every day on this app I find another person who has blocked me like ok..???
I miss the sight of my mummy doing her plants cooking in the morning
It's from Sabyasachi
any trembles yet?
Lol forget to give him back his ID after
I just drank coffee then got back into bed. What is wrong with me
If anyone needs me be at barnes & noble finishing a weeks worth of hw bc that good of a procrastinator
really about to miss the holidays with my family again
The Democrat parties drama queen. ...im shocked
- Hello everyone
-I'm fine ,unknown
This nigga know me better then I know myself scary I never lie to him
a dry spell never heard that
me too. but I only ever manage one of whatever kind, so I never evolve them anyway
I thought being a long suffering UK football fan would prepare me... I was wrong
is she(you) realkskskskso gorgeous
And your best friends ex
Never muted you I promise!
si. Ya hace horas. Y tu?
God will give you someone better Jhonna babe! The one that you deserve! dito naman kami mahal ka namin!
I have bruises on my knees
Born n raised skins - Reppin DC only when they win
Rita
Todo me recuerda a ti
what am i getting myself into, doing animation
sure there is
Lol doing it now
why was everyone tryna press me last night to see if I got tucks tho LOL
Only soft sensitive ass people will take these 2011 tweets seriously you gotta let this go
Good Morning
Please Pki claim na sa mga wala pajud nakuha na orders until now. No to bogus buyers
Everytime someone asks me if single i laugh a lil
I was like damn why my phone so dry today
Only took one picture last night. so here ya gooo. Orange Beach, Alabama
You are correct
we started off as close friends, & now we steady fucking
I have the whole performance saved in my phone
After having a full blown panic attack finally on my bus home so so sorry I missed you at
only fools thinking that NCT China can still prosper without kun as their glue
You could just blow them into the neighbors yard
As always, Kimi, the man with few words
What did i just watch
28-2 pour ce Week-end ! finir top 100 vu que je perds mon tout dernier match
aussi
Shoot that might have been a big mistake
Right. Just like you believe Warren.
I wish pal! Means the rest of the house would be organised
been a rough weekend
Thank god I made it home last night
How Ingram get suspended the longest & he missed his punch
Probably best left alone unless you're Larry David
Patitas chuecas en el agua! en 24 Hour Fitness - Littleton Belleview Ave, CO
Daaayuum! I thought my epidural was hardcore look at you being badass
Hopefully I can see the rest of the game before I go into work
The people I want check on and talk to care if alive
I want to get matching bracelets for david & I for christmas but know what I want. send me your suggestions please!
aussi (les contours sont lasdeg)
For a sec, i thought this was speak now taylor but lotte, this dress looks really nice on you
mirror selfie galore
iow mii du niak tu y a goutter
People funny
You know when your guy or gal is a WHORELOGY! Lmao there are different stages of a WHORELOGY! this is
The clock is ticking, I just count the hours...
He's the same tho. Stands there starring like we wants to be with us, foods out and we are yesterdays news
thoughts on halloween (2018)???? i thought it was actually a great thriller and might be seeing it again
First place turned out to be a scam for security deposits, second was double booked
This poster is awesome! It almost looks like Bert I. Gordon directed!
Her man already told her she was being obnoxious while football was on. He read my mind
riri dancing to rhythm ta
gonna be rough but you can do it!
I liked a video LA CASERA DEL INFIERNO
Really in the mood to dance but also just want cuddles
not canceling Brother Nature
Hahah! He sure is!
Crazy. And they lost 2 or so and tied one
Ouf
I barely be on this ting tbh. Spirits down rn.
This is so funny. Jimin
I only saw pumpkin pie at first and thought he was dropping a new liquid lipstick
My last one for Halloween, I swear.
This one will be free as well
Once I'm done...
-
-
-
Forgot bout this
Taking a bit of a break from the stream. I need to figure out the whole, lack of energy I've been dealing with
Bitch
Well technically Ip Man paved the way for guys like Lee
My worst ever habit is thinking myself in a bad mood
he eatin tho
Forgive but can not forget unfortunately
This just gave me anxiety and I breath
Fair enough I think of an original name so stuck with this
I know! The actual vacation part is seriously so cheap, just airfare is ridiculous. Thankfully
That's what some people from this world think, though...
Oh shit ate me sinto importante, vem ressolha
Ingat ingat lupa la. we used to be friends in bbm or smth?
Yeah that was an odd interview. How does Watters find these degenerates?
not identifying Ship Song is not that bad but I mean its joined a list of disappointments this week
E Z
Both good tho
Almost posted the two hand twist guac guac picture
You who this lil Latin girl lol everybody retweeting her twerking all over my TL
Instantly getting approved for credit cards is dangerous
Put your money back in your titty. Save it for a later date, cause busy as hell
I get such bad driving anxiety on big highways someone wanna drive me places so i gotta have this stress.
ever gotten so drunk the night before, that when you wake up the next morning, still drunk?
new my parents booked going to Magianos on Thanksgiving again this year
The Redskins have been holding all game. Heath on last run.. ridiculous. Jaylon on the pass rush..
googled what triple-double means
Quase isso...
Brota, city
Yep, except it's closed on weekends
Possibly loll, but it was the scent of sweet pea!! I was so confused
both tweaked .. that Que oil get u ta where u need to be AND some
Viejita
I Just Ate 2 Burgers, An Order Of Chicken Nuggets, 2 Orders Of Fries Strawberry Refresher, Oreo Cheesecake & An Iced Coffee..
Its my name
I know! I talk less & less to them but having mutual friends makes it hard as you already know.
A Sci-fi movie ahead of its time.
Oh, uh, I thought it was funny But I definitely get what saying.
whaaat? im dead ass cant wait to get off this bc & joc give me another baby.
u wrk for ESPN or sum!?
26 more minutes and out
wait for that blunt been waiting for me
but now the people in FINEST can see how much of an even bigger dork I am
Cuando era Rap Monster
I started him and Tate and Kearse, okay.
These hoes wanna copy me
Mind the gap Monday
long time no tweet
Why get thinner when you can get dinner
They're all really good!! I guess idk about Kitsune no Koe for you but still- just read the synopsis first
You might wanna check the spelling on that caption
Time to wake tf up i forgot who i was
working at a nursing home when theres a full moon about to hit is pure kaos
really the only one in this Starbucks with a cold drink. I must be a serial killer
Haha... Sadly it's a one shot.
I wasn't sure about making Abhigya your parents
it fookin just
diary room rants do make me howl, gotta be honest
Well Lady Gaga was one.
Bec popsh drop me by at APMC. Ended up pakyaw-ing pdcs bec too shy and so not confident commuting alone
Ya vine
I have no chill and so embarrassing sometimes
At least I got you!
Crazy part is when I hear Faneto at a party still jumping like crazy
not gonna be able to sleep for days
These actually sound nice and cute... "Salt of free car"
Same way people know how I go to the gym every day lol addictions
Poor Mel, been in and out of sleep all day hang in there bebeeee!
$27 after tax I think it was still a lot but better than $40
Haha that's allright I used to own his shirt too and learned from my mistake. I don't
I finally saw Travis Scott!
Real winner of the Rockets/Lakers fight was Lonzo ball. More playing time
I agree: Fuck Pumpkin Spice.
Ppl with way too many ppl in their house can relate
I thought it was real at first as well
Yikes, that is devastating.
To stay positive, heres a pic of my bf and I with the Eagle mascot
The fall out from Friday's eviction has made RIPPLES, ey? Until tomorrow!
Finally home. I missed my messy room.
make the 20 yard field goal though
I get you bc I'm like that too honestly I ship BTS w BTS that's it
im not wit the internet
can we please get Taysom Hill listed as a RB?
I could really use the points
There goes my netflix account dumb hoe
Good morning world! B shift na ako! OMG
YAH. Sorry, we had a concert then we were out a lot etc ok so he said he has not heard of the
Amen babe. I think we have ever let a bottle of Jack last this long...
My one liners are so smooth. It's a shame I become a nervous wreck right after
Poulet, Skyfall c'est
Exactly!!
The movies lol me and my friend took shots during the movie.
Sjsjsj ohhhh thaT! Tbh same. Everyone is out tweeting than 24 and like wdym still like 48 heheh
Yeah I miss you, but got no time for that
Get back in the game with some girls in sports bras (33 Photos)
My bad I thought it was Marshall that scored not Gus
All iPhone users? Damn it
Feels like the Minnesota game tho. And they both wearing purple
Pretty much! I only had traditional food from my country growing up so I have yet to try 90%
the same with Godzilla and Power Rangers
no but idk nothing really scares me, immune to that genre but THIS actually creeped me out
No matter how much I sleep, sleepy 24/7..
Friends really shit these days
Is it wrong that I wish for something worst?!
He was so possessive he wanted to help his daughter run away on her wedding day
Literally me all over
This coffee shop is great, but turn on your mfing AC! lol
Moore High School Loyal, OK & 1,500 photos later
28 with a 10 year old
Just went the first round and came back to tweeting!
The latter is sweeter
HAHAHA that's great. DM me you lame piece of shit, let's play a game
Como este
ive been thinking about another since she turned a month old we was kinda tryna again before i
Create*
The real question today is: How to function with 2 hours of sleep?
Life sucks when your best friend is even better friends with your ex
lmaooo im ugly singing on all my snaps but idgaf
not a clue what to do with myself, miss my long hair, yet was too lazy look after it yet also want to cut it super short
My dad has serious DVR issues during cowboys games and about lose it
Lo ricordavo diversamente...
tell if my headache is from the concussion or my blood pressure
It would be princess of the stars not witch
I'm finally home! I somehow missed this big empty house and my messy room.
Hell, all-American, and I have no idea what referring to with that quote.
+2
Stay on one app joor
Too much assassination classroom for me maenganyo man sad tag patayg tao ani HAHAHA or u kno.. mach 20 monsters
Ha! Thanks
I work and come home and grind
welcome
Wait, please provide the answers to the above questions
Twitter is about to burn down
Napasok ako uy
Ravens being ravens again. Come on and wake up!
i realise my jacket is smelly.
I feel ya
The boring old way of mutual friends but we bonded over playing overwatch and watching overwatch league
Lol. I laughed more than I should
Fucking jimmy smith.... I believe.... it gets worst, we have to count on flacco to get us down field to the end zone
//I'm totally the first one
I walked 7.8 miles yesterday
That's a nice idea!
why I was trying to invite myself
I do this all the time on accident
I've been thinking of ordering more moon crescents
+ 2 pique gangster kk
Well, someone just had sex at work
Haha! Thank you! I have cheated as a designer and used an online platform.... but at least I picked a good one.
Serious 1950s advertising strategy
No joke, definitely would of been my last
I suck at self-care so been sick for weeks and only just started taking care of myself.
And for me,
Ik my neighbors hate me cause constantly bumping music in the house or in my car
Glad this milf stopped trying to hit on me. Smh
Why did I think taking online classes would be a good idea
26. Does team labas count?
Hillary is not the sitting President, Trump is. Hello! Get ready for the impeachment short bus .
Nasa Naimbag Nga Morning Kapamilya JaDine. Interview about music nila and about sa meme na President Nadine Lustre. Di ko navideohan
I feel like no one is going to get this but I love big hero 6 and well yes I tried ok
No si tiene Banda pero es fome Lucho Jara
a hydrating / protein treatment my stylist does when she does my hair
Of course I do.. how else would I keep my life together
y'all did this sjsksksjksj I
this is me 4 years ago I don't remember btw
I went back and checked the picture before I read this second comment.
closest to a lisa ig post i see you chaeng
I holding no hoe hostage
A heavy lower body workout is a good wakeup call that not on vacation anymore.
Jacob and I just got on our own phone plans.. adulting
waah, that was
She is a shy baby now. She did her best doing the In My Feelings Challenge
I just wish I had Jaxson already
He would get 63rd century against West Indies
take it. Geez I thought be like 6 for Ingram. Phew
for me it just sounds like another (boring) kygo song, I mean the drop is nothing special tbh...
But the not wrong
lmk when you find one
how to pass exams:
1. edit a photo
2. edit a video
3. upload
yaan mo na si stock knowledge
But I want to know abot the nymph
Can never go out anywhere with out a bitch having some type of attitude and ruining you whole mood like stay home sis call off or sum
If I follow you a 99.9% chance that you look good. a requirement for me to follow you back
I have been watching Sammy play soccer the majority of my life-watching it end this week has me extremely emotional.
Gostei deste
Do you like mythology? What mythological creature do you prefer? Tanong mo sa palaka
lol really? takes me a while to tweet after a break
I'm going to Stockholm alone so you could join me
Man I was afraid we were gonna get hit with 15+ games
Congrats!! I need one ASAP but have the patience for this
Last day of shooting for No Emotion Video after a lot of scheduling issues we will be done
i hope so too-glad you liked what i said despite me not being good with words
I must be high af still bc I read REUNITED as ruined it
herkes polat alemdar
What an eventful Sunday
-- as well just pack up his bag and sue the company and try from zero again in china... honestly, people just
Sounds banging stilll defo gonna try this!
been a busy weekend
Forgot to share this when we uploaded it haha
What have I gotten myself into
It took a couple trys to get a good picture
Can't wait to look back at my tough times
No wonder I was in a bad mood at work today, there's a full moon tonight ... go figures
Ifyyy
Gaps can help cure the Monday Blues (56 Photos)
i will love you with no ultrior motive ACS
Good times
This is one of the saddest truths
So obvious, Parker
It feels weird having all my hw done before Sunday, I keep going back to make sure I turned in all my assignments
I just came to let you know that my website is being maintained. A database problem. I'm sorry for the inconvenience!
They started releasing tickets since last week actually, across the globe
I did that last Saturday
parecen verdes tus ojos
Tan hermoso va a ser
Haha holyyy where did you find that Halloween pic haha but thank you we should get wings this week
Wpp
Because I'm tired of it so just shout up
What should I do first?
Lonzo Ball is going to be on his with Getting his shot due to suspension
Pockets full of muthafuckin blue Gwup NO CAP
I used to think the stair climber was a joke....then I tried it out. It is NOT a joke. I repeat, it is NOT a joke.
Ofc any time, good people don't deserve sadness although it's not something we can escape from
Stay strong :))
you act like you got a gallon head too nigga
just gonna act like fall break over and hit snooze in the morning
With kind long wire be that..are going to connect direct from transform
totally okay with that He already gets hella random gifts just because I feel like it
This cowboy game has me on the edge of my seat
Exactly what I needed to hear
lost so many things between moving my pinecone necklace one of my tapestries sugars things clothes shoes
Big facts
He gone so Joey, and its represents me to the fullest
I know always something new
Phew.
ctfu not opposed
Ayieee bijj tbh this is how i bother my crush
Oops.
En mode forever alone sur le tchat
13) bright smiles and eye smiles
Go here or?
I have that towel, too!
Phew!!
ive applied for 10 jobs in the last week i hope SOMEONE hires me
Don't jinx it lmao please
I was literally just thinking about you. But i think i have the mental stability to keep going
Then still coming over via Pony!!
Did Deion ever run a jet sweep ?
Neither do I really, but I just love that episode
I knew that
*backs away into friendzone*
I couldn't resist
$200 is a lot! I ate free food from McDonalds for meals so broke. Often paid for gas in loose change
Nothing
Those Been Got Blew Down
This being in my own thoughts not talking to nobody thing not it
Ok sorry, my mistake. Everybody has their own view on the games. I appreciate your reply.
Just to clarify by Ireland
We meant Northern Ireland
Profeta
Imagine if I was there? We'd have to hire a translator
not me im moving to xbox
oh wow the article says you can press a button on the machine to connect to a *24 hour* helpline manned
They are all a bounce of nobs
You are really talented with visual effects with makeup(not sure what you call it), if all else fails persue that
Is it wrong that I wish for something worse?!
Northern Ireland
when you want a drink but really comfy in bed
Definitely me
I won cause the GOAT
Helping my parents flip a house and found about 6 meth pipes and counting..
It was most definitely not a bass boat
Ohhh I thougjt you meant stc
If this us to a T
Some old drunk told me "fuck you" cause I told my cashiers to not sell him beer.
You too beautiful to be worried just be choosey be good
Happy to send you one. your name? had a few people add me, want to send it to the wrong person
Similar to the first WTF moment, although it was more on me trying to be slick
After almost a year, I finally have cable in my room
Went to Beverly Hills to sight see only to be reminded of how still a poor college student & teenagers with Gucci purses.
Scary Mike Tyson
my aunt got me a margarita double shot n not even half way done n im feelin it
fr, im very concerned at this point
No Beard Days. Guess my age
Who is that
Oof, feelsbadman. But damn those things are hella old
been watching all day today and it has left me with sense of dread. I need to get out of my house
I need to up my game with Twitter! I'm not really good with social media huhu
But I guess there can't be too
Totally binge-watching with the night light on.
I try girl I try
How can calling it quits with a boy be SO much more difficult then a girl
well I think we guys just love joking around and exaggerating a bit I'd say we (really?) dislike the song, not hate
I did not know you did Extreme Eports now ..... cause walking anywhere in that region...... phew
Nice, I completely forgot community day was today and missed the whole thing. Whoops!
Ima come some time in January or February
Omg really? Thank goodness I got to buy tickets by me before it sold out cause the next theaters closest is 1 hour drive away
ajdkfkkg i know a minor spoiler about character in my new fic would turn into this
Damn it! I should have thought about that. I'm gonna change that right now.
agree more
Oh good haha. Yes! I know anyone here yet let alone ARMYs only lived here for 3
& To Go To Church & Hear The Pastor Just Sub My Life
1 hour 29?! probably longer than all of my phone calls put together
What
When your boss notices that losing weight
probably best suited for play w save states rite
De haber sabido antes.
Im impressed. I got my first cavity with my baby teeth
I hate how awkward I can be sometimes
we get to eat 2 meals in Actually tho idk I think the insta trend of it all
I need to stop playing when it comes to making plans i never follow thru.. why always bored & lonely
can u mix Nd match VS w pink for the same deal ?!
Staying up after midnight just to make sure I get paid
Hahah troubling. I chokedt
Kate: was never into, like, attractive
Me: he was into me for
Who heard this during the race?! It was so hilarious
Ahahah I'm sorry
forget they thought 50 cent was the killers
Fecha a perna
So I have a speech Tuesday that I practiced. a portion of it. Comments? Volume up because audio is low!
Ronald McDonald meets Art Garfunkel?
i feel so bad for thinking funny but
Too cool
Aaaah everyone's favorite zone, but this one isn't what you think
Che cosa ha detto?
Lmk when you find out!!! Lol
Why is it so hard to talk to people
Lmfao sadly I read this and said that same thing ty
yo wtf actually cold outside rn
This me
Can you guess my brothers sun and moon? Lmao
99. jin siendo de palta as always
Inktober - Day 19: Scorched.
Ops! Mais um atrasado
Drawing something new
Oh jeez it looks bad
literally me...my midterm is tuesday.
Liz IS the cute one in the vlogs. Sorry not sorry
Facts.
Blueface really got yg on a song over
Baltimore fans screaming after every play wanting a penalty
Which person in your family do you look most like? aside kay mama, according to Tita Marj, si Tita Ching daw
Shepherd's Pie will always remind me of It Happened One Wedding
be your manager! When you get super popular I get 10%! lol
I gotta get a girlfriend first to be winning haha
UM??
My dilemma these past two weeks shit was cute and all until I saw how much I got paid
all fun and games until you shift from 3 credit hours to 9 in the second half of the semester
my friends r flopped asleep and I came to watch a movie alone
just tryna get through it
What you mean by author ? it is simple graph from excel sheet
Good to know I'm not the only one with this problem. But in my case, it's all my family members and sometimes even my own age
Whew thanks for that
I got taken to the gym for a date once said I was going to the bathroom, went to the yoga room and took a nap
| time to redo my pinned, cause some things I left out.
i just gotta survive this week and then on vacation
Heart palpitations & high blood pressure are mandatory!!
was also the first ever zoo in America.
Gira
Actually, his name is Kobe
Goodnight,
- reaaally good highly recommended.
- Thanks .
Friendship goals!!!
Kaya pa ba besh ?
Hey does anyone want to drive me to Chicago on Wednesday, Nov 7?
It is true.. Leftists really suck at memes
idk why dimples r adorable especially yours. seriously can't move on wei
you know when the shoe fits
7. my favorite drink but alright
I wanted to sleep but I got my friend to watch m xray now we are talking about it
the baloon do explode after i hug it like that
Update: it was in the play kitchen
Idem!
Paid $15 for my nephew to look like this for the evening
Greensboro Pride was so much fun
inche pelon
not even 7 and ready for bed
Shid all of em they never kept meh
Same! I started getting them threaded & I love it
True. I'm pretty sure my brain is going to be 90% gone until a week from now.
Me: bro Sean Lee is so
Next play Sean Lee forces a loss of yards.
travel
Free food is such a blessing
Gotta learn 2 courses in 2 days why do i do this to myself
Galadriels Christbaumlichter-Highlights machen mich jedes Mal fertig
So I dropped my skin frost and it just kinda slid out of the pan. it really break. We love high quality.
Uh who wants to send me $50 so I can finally get into World of Warcraft
really crazy that about to graduate and basically start my life ..
that's awesome lol
you j
Think done drinking for a while
I'll have to tell my gf about this
i really needa work on keeping my chill cause whew chile
Please drag out the clock and make an amazing TD for the win
Sometimes dreams come true sometimes u pay for them to come true
So my boyfriend ordered food with money he mustered up and now so full, ugh... wish he now ngl
much you missed
Kherguenza
I need help
I just spoiled myself again
Ah ok
You know if time to get your hair done when you use dry shampoo to try and make your roots look lighter
Of course but it turned out it was worth it
They can have you. I already had you
Halfway through this month of shows and my body is so tired offspring next weekend though
I knew that.
People do some really weird shit in the gym.
It did right?
lol, i'm a certified army then! 4/4
Remember to take care of yourself today. I imagine for many ppl (including me) that means getting off Twitter
the harm?
Well.. Technically.. It's her fans it insulted, not her
Paint that picture
Sophia Blake to start your shortened work week (25 Photos)
The amount of money about to spend at Food and Wine is honestly a little scary
i know I know
When legs are a little toned, calfs and all in them nice heels....sheesh
My dad heard me listening to The Fugees and had a connipshit
a real one
Kk will try my best to work on it
you are so sweet
a simple man, I like pretty, dark haired women and breakfast food
And it literally takes 15 minutes to find a game as killer. What an event!
Baju time belajar bnyak da ketattt...still refuse to believe what they gonna say though
Be confident and that only matter
Bunlar hep ahmet kural taktigi
I wonder what will happen today
At least we can all agree that Rose Tico was a bad character
No fine. No one stroke my ego and boost my self esteem.
terrified to open my web assign and see how many math assignments behind I am
I'm summoning demons, not making a phone call, silly!
When I first met Jackie I never use to hug her so now when I see her she gives me a biggg High five because she know not a hugger
Now keep that energy when the games come
my best 100% and maxed it!
87% shiny, now maxed!
Old 91% maxed!
And a lucky 96%! not maxed
here in
Honestly people need to just let you enjoy the fact that Ant finally popped the question
I ready for the pic
My honest question is how you eat all the food... no way have room for dessert after an appetizer & entree to myself
been so ugly these last few days and I honestly dgaf
Avoid Travel Challenges Available Challenger 605 book now: +234818550710 (What's App)
tr*mp deserves the death penalty
When your hubby knows his 2nd cousins personally and you're just trying to remember your siblings correct ages
I'd say Dark Souls 3 had way better control than Bloodborne but I might be alone on that
Twitter diggers will not stop...they see someone progress, and they say find your
This is a very famous music piece though
I survived OAIS!
...from a specific person
a successful day out Time for the stuff been putting off
Putting lotion on my tattoo is a wonderful feeling
Welche(s) pushen? Das 2726 WP Shiny hat 73% A13, der Rest ist schlecht
Taysom Hill is a white Vick. Minus the dog stuff... hopefully
Oh so when your website said Born To Be Yours would be on the deluxe album, it lied?
That's what i've been trying to do for several years, find the right balance.
asli kga ni ya tlong dong ksh tw saia
Timely & relevant to me.
Sana yung work sched ko flexible, yung pwedeng magleave anytime pero hindi eh
im bout to start shooting my shot. fuck it
No motivation to do anything
|| Hello. Do I know you? Just curious.
Slick posse my man
My bad tho lol. You coulda been going through some shit and I was having a field day.
He need to give me like 2 or 3 so I know he for real for real
Busty Shemale Sucks Her 13 Inch Cock Until She Cums
Those seats will never be the same without you peeps
So I now have four potential ideas for and I'm still no closer to choosing which one
They got off easy because Stern dropped the hammer
At my desk like
Omg why did I tell about it in repeat Bcoz I got dream about them Oh God I forgive all my debtors as u hv
Be careful what you wish for. If the manager is God, that means you wishing to leave this earth
get it !!! Top 5 defense for a reason!! Kerrigan with 2 sacks and a FF at a crucial time!! First place in the division 4-2 !!
I spelled your username wrong. Sorry.
This has to be my best ever Kill Chain, a 5on too
Huh??? What am I missing? I am so clueless
Realized I ate in the past 2 days idk how alive.
Yes? No?
I even know my interests
Apparently the Daily Terror is now the gold standard for journalism against which all others are measured
I will be out there livestreaming so you can see real
edwin to come home so I can punch him and take his glasses back and we can be pretty sure on crack.
A..KODUK..ARADA OLUR OLSUN
Bakit kamuka ni Felix si Jeongyeon?
Guys help with my kitchen cabinet color we are torn. Here is inspo pics for preference before the poll
rs
How can i delete ALL my tweets?? Asking for a friend
23 YO
last homecoming bitter sweet
not crying
see what the new update is saying
I hope some day ppl realize that the problem and not everyone else
Oboi if this boy blow you ehn
Se dai a same ka a Makarfi plaza
Solo Legend with has been girl group member Kelly
"How not to confront BookTube - Volume II"
Brother Nature said WHAT?
Mad tweeps revealing themselves by theirselves.
See God
Sinets ?
I was just in a shop buying something and I hear someone saying my name, had such a big shock
nope this is at penang
*wordplay that was a mistake not wordplay pabo
Guys help with my kitchen cabinet color we are torn. Here is inspo pics for reference before the poll
I feel like you get mad at a nigga for having females in his likes ... especially if he single ... like
One Man, 2 Characters, One will Live One will Die...WB/DC you choose..naw just playing
Rip I forget CD
Kaget pas buka arti spouse wkwkwk btw gue blm tau lu line berpa mbaa kiyoon
Rocking no front bumper, only a few know what that mean
Im not going anyway but I just wanted to make sure
Nice
Just gotta learn how to play
like half cowboys half skins fans here
This hoe so fire
Who would admit this?
It all went downhill when we got rid of natural selection
For all of Twitter to see. a shit friend
What happened to ole girl she always like this
...
Teaching my brother to drive is so scary
A casual bike ride to main st turned into a couple beers and some shots. WHY?
Me too same thing comes to my mind
I've consumed alot of nicotine and sodium being in Texas
Jolie Nuit a toi aussi
Super discussion
'cause we're KoKodrought in u queen K. We're so sorry
*Bridgewater
Need the saints and Bengals to win
Whew lutz sced me
I need the boys to score a touchdown, win and I will win
Wa bout the bank
Never listened to Aaron bc now over here shitting bricks
The rest of the thread is coming tomorrow but you have a lot to read until then Good night
~J
I think you're still welcome in the support club that probably exists bc of it
Same, mine always changes. Except for one, which is Fantasy that song captured my love for when I was like lad.
I have alwayssss wanted to do that. Anxiety stops me though
I think be very welcomed in Amsterdam
K thats fine. But didn't know we were friends to begin with
Lol this is just a tweet but it's making me feel so much better
All might for president 4evar!
Soooo I may have re-downloaded if tryna play
very lit club bop but whoever made this video should be fired immediately
Hahaha I really fucking missed it dude I woke up like the concert ?! Lol
I got around to making Kesi a feral ref finally!
*deleted the first try of posting because I forgot my signature
I have 21 things saved in my amazon cart just too broke to actually buy any of it
rs
Maybe this is telling me to take a break
Una viejita
lemme send a pic once i actually style it and have my makeup done
everyone meet PJ, my cousin is deffo the cutest baby to exist. those cheeks and that grin
Lmfaoooo still gone TU in moderation
Get your ass up and get ready and met us at the bar 6pm be there or be lame
Miss studying but tryna study for 2 decades . Hang in there tho boo
Heheh just a picky eater. He eats every meal with a smile. Even if he like the stuff in it
congrats on reaching 2k followers, do I get a prize, cheque, free course? Anything along those lines
Could have been much worse
I trust myself sometime
or what !
My mom tells me the same thing but don't let it get you down :(( anyone would be lucky to get to love you
Mbroooook
Using old convos as reference for people with the same name
I'm getting better though
les ha pasado?
Being called doll is kinda hot
They already are, they're just keeping it a secret
...date night 21 Years ...thanks for the guidance
I am not fond of posting grudges on social media but because of you abled bitch i am starting to like it.
You think so? I havent actually watched the trailer
Probably need to manage expectations better for my Twitter account. This is a personal account, it just so
Firebug! They love linden trees, therefore our yard is always full of them
DAMMIT OANA! I AM ON THE PHONE WITH MY PARENTS
literally just went and archived all my insta post bc i realized i look like a rat lmao fml somebody make me pretty pls
He has a point
Welcome to my world. Besides we stopped doing that shit since Anthony Lynn took over as HC
Maybe the magical billboard will tell us tomorrow.
Welcome to my world. Besides we stopped doing that shit since Anthony Lynn took over as HC
intro actually makes me laugh Here it is if anyone like to watch it
hhhhhhh can't wait
ou aiiiii thoouuuuse, cruel
ready for summer break
Something for you to chew over
Me la paso mas en Twitter que en whatsapp
That makes sense. Well, a lot of it is pretty solid. Just get your expectations up too high.
I ain't even mad bro
Puro vto, another bawas na nman sa sweldo.
all of u
I just woke up. What are you talking about?
Back to Houston tomorrow fuck it going in late to work so if anyone wants to chill tonight lmk I'm bored
I guess it's kind of scary. My tolerance is high though. I do have Hocus Pocus to watch this week.
The Rams are Solid
Kdo
Remember them?
We all really been hoe-ing since birth, we were naked in a room full of stragers yikes
One at a Time
that Faneto still going crazy
I feel like gotten super huge these past few days and idk how much longer I can hide my pregnancy from my job
After the game I had to wipe my tears with my Super Bowl 52 banner
San MARTIN - Racing club
Victoire du Racing
10% de tes gains stp
Lisa Holmes hype like shit the Skinz beating the Cowgirls
Of course The Gap Band won today's battle of the best agianst Morris Day & The Time! Was there any doubt?
may or may not prefer knock knock over signal
You had me laughing from start to finish great
And you love kfc more than some people
I can definitely say my OCD is getting worst with age
mono is monkey in spanish
The spookiest thing about this October has been my spending habits
I so want to but strongly doubt it, tho
I just texted her but idk if she will be able to do it before Thursday
I even retweet this with confidence bc I know it true imma continue to struggle
tough being an INTJ haha.
Not really , but I really need to get back into going to the gym
Curte ae pra eu n apaga
Not to say the cherry tank home to a bunch of undesirable pest snails anyways Its my first tank.
Also,
Best I could get
Just pucker your lips and Find Her (39 Photos)
Rehearsals shot from today
- gotta love playing a homeless/depressed again
I really feel like this queen is coming for my gig!!
Made it to GA! Only 3 hours and a half to go. so tired of sitting in the car
I got 7 days we need to do something when u get home!
There's a party pooper around every corner.
I should probably be the queen of nachos.
..everything ok ...
Sexy booty fingering play
Right hahaha i love it!!! Also makes me want to watch that movie now
Also, idk if trying to flirt with me, I have trouble telling
i know tae cried + sick, jimin has blue hair, apparently been bb in hollywood, and mono releases tmrrw
2 years being in Indiana and yet to step foot toward bridge fest
Can you give me 100 bucks ?
Faixa rosa
Never thought being lied to could hurt this way
You know a good nap when you wake up forgetting the day lol
I'm free basically always oops SAME DHSHS I WANNA PLAY OVW WITH YOU!! I have it on PC to be fair
pretty much constantly
The joy of having roommates... Hearing each other have sex
Two things I realized this weekend: chemistry causes stress baking and races cause bruising. After
Aqui tem hein
You can't trust anyone, not even yourself, nowadays
Nuevo para
Why am I craving a joint right now?! I've become such a fucking pot head!
I pity for the unfortunate fellow
These Cowboys got nothing for this elite Redskins D-Line...
God, I have waited decades to say that...
a good thing not sexually available this week because I probably done something I if i had been
this thread
Somebody come straighten my hair
I even remember this.
Some of the guesses are concerning
Dumbfuck's who believe CNN has their best interest at heart.
Bem isso
gonna have to find me a dance partner and a hardwood floor this coming weekend
Whew! what a weekend...
Finally coming to Toronto ?!
Also people fail to realize that impossible to lose loose skin without surgery.
Well I wait to try more. Lol I just need to find a way fit the calories into my diet
Lol idk about all that bro but maybe a late touchdown once the game is over no promises though
more wives more trouble,guys na advice stick to one lady or else 1 day you'll crashed
I HATE being sat then cut.
the drama was great, EunBi just made rhe wrong f'ing choice, that's all
I need someone to go see Halloween with me
push from this side we can meet in the middle
called with all Americans
Decisions
You know this
Only an anti trump supporter would suggest you must be white to vote say when it ever mentioned. At. All.
I would want to see the Striker like Diego Costa upfront for Chelsea, someone sharp and cruel like Costa but Not Costa! I miss him tho
Nuk e bej
I'm a huge kdrama fan since 2009 and still can't pronounce a single word in the right way.
Mark is an idiot liberal.
Always get the free cancellation option. Just was on some bs
gonna be a no from me
DamnI forgot we were supposed to chill and made plans. My B
Phew
Yes can i have my own shige now pls
Maybe I should jinx Flacco more often
Lol
I'm planning to change my LinkedIn profile picture and thinking this is very inspiring
true
His last was in the gym this was previous to that
They need to bring back fifa 14 finesse shots!! So i can look good while winning
me obriga a beber.
Throwing up in the employee restroom right after your male co worker finishes peeing and leaves the seat up
Edo. Mex.
I was supposed to warm up by sketching iida for a commission but ended up with other megane instead whoops
so bad at Fortnite
I get that a lot
Been there running around the dining room table
Yeeay dawg i got the shakes EVEN on Nasty's time but REECE was ayyyyt he knew he made the cut in the end
My friend got me this card for my birthday. Pretty much describes my last night
*ur not u're tweets hehe
Fruit is when somebody cuss you out, and you clap back! my God!
Vampire Knight is like the Japanese Twilight minus the werewolves
Maybe army
Very true! Konti pa, tho.
Hardcore tbh I think ever like Meghan unless change dramatically.
me and my obsession for
i was bored anyway
I hope they do. Not today though, as I've got Atlanta with a + handicap
Girl we used to talk so much stuff! They show when people used to quote tweets before retweeting became a thing.
Wow... I can sea somewon is pieced-off.
Schill-out wuman... hits nevar that serie-us!!
Need more followers
I always forget to refill my friends brita and their ice trays
wah I am so glad soemone in this fandom doesn't know what's going on.. pls don't search for it..
That Grand Slam
At the point of do I just go celibate and just stop with guys? stop with their mind games and give up?
take L and trash talk us
Goodmorning takcare Hala ka haha thanks anon
on this boat hardcore
I know exactly what this look like
believe I got a whole baby on the way
So he did spit. Moral lesson: Don't spit... Swahahahahahahaha!
Higher PPI was always an overkill but now see many 499 or perhaps 399 PPI displays more than ever before
Very few people passing up the opportunity to be a free beat and pics? How to say no
Cowboy fans need to give up. They fucking suck
Nice burn jdjdksksks. pray for your wellbeing
shit idc long as dey look good
i watched this live so funny
dreading this group assessment omg
I'll tell yours and you tell mine, I don't wanna tell mine
Whew I appreciate that missed kick. New Orleans thanks you, sir. Gimme me that W
Best advice and I wish I would have seen it yesterday.
Me yesterday making this bandaid on my chin look cool
I saw it too
Bro kicker
Was wondering about this
I assume you've seen this beaut..
Get a DCT in there
Hmmm, tax cuts in the next week. Seriously, if this was possible it would have been done when they
Thank you but I really do have some toxic tendencies which need to be worked on
I thought that taking off both jobs for this weekends celebrations would be refreshing but Im pooped out on partying, too.
Them boys had me scarred for a min
I really like Stefanos for various reasons but, done nothing wrong per se & is
Prolly been through the most these past 2-3 months over a nigga. I changed my lifestyle drastically, did so much for the nigga. Silly me
I have a date Tuesday night. It's been forever
I can hear that you are still sleepy. Should i ask Boo to sing again? Wake up wake up?
Belle photo de profil by the way !
Ohhhh I feel dumb now
Is this a rhetorical question or did you really want me to guess??
Okay everyone can chill with the birthdays now, really not trying to go out anymore
Tecno
Lo siento....
Tengo problemas con Suho
me: Yes!
mom: Super Junior again?
Me: Maybe? But I'm just being prepared for & super junior ma.
Announcer just jinxed the the crap out of Tucker
Well started bidding on drum machines
give it a try
Unmotivated af
Wow justin tucker
Pag kagising Facebook, Messenger, Twitter, at YouTube agad
Im cool
"Ask no questions, hear no lies"
That doesnt help your case hun
grabe no... so easy for some ppl to lie not knowing how much affect u in the future
Thank you, Justin Tucker.
I got em blocked ion think they could even see my tweet idk bout u tho
Lakefront view is definitely under appreciated but I know you was at peace
To school now.
dairy
What?
That was bad ass
Lol I feel better now
Well, fam, I stand corrected
Ard. Imma bring you some.
Que curioso que hayas mencionado "Monopoly"
Thanks I was pretty gassed & loooooooool injt hes decent
WHAT A FUCKING FINISH I SWEAR MY HEART TAKE MANY MORE OF THOSE
True *recycles tweet*
I wanna make stuff but don't have any ideas. Somebody dare me to make them something and I'll see what I can do!
im not famous or anything
About to hit 15 thousand scrobbles. Wish it was money though!
Lol ok I lied I guess we can still throw oops just not as exciting without Bron
Been eating too much lately
What a win
Haha allow it
Anup ji is definitely gonna be eliminated
THAT was actually an episode!!
Idk why i read that she brought an "SAT" book and wanted u to read it
No one told me so dangerous!! I was so blown away lol bottomless mimosas are not for the weak (me)
I gotta take these braids out trashed
Mds
Ion like how Juice Wrld came my nigga Drake on that Yatchy track. I know he was prolly just joking but still
let it happen to anybody, especially my best friend, just hard to fight a knife with fist
I said I going out tonight ... that was a lie
I'm laughing why did they show her dancers and her in the unnies group when she was talking about GG
And sungwoon reaction too
Whew
Update i got it and finished it in 2 mins... not even exaggerating
I loved every minute of it to
9) What I hate most about myself
Oh Lord this is getting dark I hate that I can't just let myself be happy
okay so what movies/series should I watch this sembrake?
That was a close 1
got a new nigga from the hills and if I got a problem he gonna let that thing
Oh dear
Thanks Justin Tucker
Mo absent or mo absent? Hehe
Haha I couldn't container myself
I think it's the accent
Pal of mine just decided to carry the real deal a few years ago
I don't know which is more mesmerizing, the girl or the fire (Video)
Oh god
I just finished ep 4
Lol so not the only one
There goes my baby....
Planning a weekend getaway & lemme tell you, so excited to get out of Indiana for a couple days
Considering I busted a finger on each hand, the pain has moved there
Twitter est toxic...I need a break
Galing magpicture e..
Finally watched the pilot of Thoughts:
1. It really is the This is Us of ABC
2. Gary is
Idk if just me, or a mom thing, but I swear to every picture I take I feel like I look senora af.
Ella y Son tal para cual
LA PAREJA IDEAL !!!!
I legit almost threw up
adulting is spending all day sunday cleaning & doing laundry that you've put off all week or is that just me?
Going on 24 hours with no power & no one has any real answer of when it will be back
Zeke catch
I thought u announcing Under Pressure 2
yes i believe its him what i meant was what if it was jk and they share acc but its a joke
Silly
True. That was the best response I could think of naming one good thing about being with someone in a band
He likes that finger
Haha I couldn't container myself
i cried so much during this show, glad not the only one
this is just funny
The Saints Going To The Superbo... Never Mind.
Floyd would never let them put Conor's name before his on the poster.
Why did I let the liquor get the best of me
Beefing?
I laugh
Coughs. Okay i have to stop you in there before you calling me as an oldie
Anim RM
Y-you know, airplane pt2 lyrics...
already got mine out but instead of tigers I got blue dolphins
look at him
he was so happy I cried
This is what happens when you get bored at the end of a test
lol. Bro, get me started on you. Because you are the moronic person I ever met.
Nope 2257. Only need around 200 limpet kills per week for the next 4 weeks or so...
Dummmbbbb shittty !! Lmfaooooo
Gimmicks man is back
Darn impressive! Not to be rude, but frankly, their shape scares me a bit...
gonna just leave this as a line art
tara?
i really want to come & help me with my hair bc struggling
It broke my heart All my they look broke
quick to let a nigga do him, I holding no hoe hostage.
Too early... Could never be me how did it go btw?
-Controlar el very very
First half of the day done! Now nap time! Waikiki, Hawaii
Yeah dude, been on a 15 min break for the last 30 min because not ready to go inside
Wish me luck.
- Hocus Pocus with my love bc actually never seen it!
gonna just leave this as line art
am i high or is the sun giving this guy a shoulder rub
Buy/Sell Bitcoin changes with up to 100x Leverage at Bitmex!
Get 10% Fee Discount:
Click
I thought we lost today too but we had a bye week
Your mom calling him a pendejo
I am good at lieing myself,
Now, I just need to lie to my right self.
Done, completely
Who wants to do something literally slept all day and now pissed off about this game ending like this
Should i hit the gym again?
Domingo
Hello Zeo, i thought it was Zoe I'm Jeonghan from Dukes Trauma. Let's be friend!
He takes after his dad :) !
what an asshole
Lol everyone fantasizing over this mega million... I don't even bother.
fighting off a -me to every bartender last night asking for a whiskey,
.
.
I'm actually shook y'all ever find a peng hobo
I do ketchup and horseradish mustard.
wash it down with some Andrews liver salts
Sometimes I want people to baby me. I make up my damn mind
When your All-Pro kicker misses the routine extra point to lose you the game.
Thank you
I have yet to find a shiny bulbs, but here are mine tho, mostly community day mons
Prescott said do it myself
Yes because they are not Lahori khotay
It's watching me eat
I did not like that play choice, but it worked
Like spent more time on tumblr today
I have baby fever so bad
mbanya masih flawless padahal abis nge trail ultra marathon malah
I forgot how painful it is to breastfeed when the brand new
I know right and horrible tbh, the things I do for my football team
Listening to mix 6 at the moment. Facial care yow!
I want cookies too but we just got home from the store and we are also cookieless.
Stop whinging smh
I think you forgot to include a link
almost in tears in the mall food court, because thinking about Peep again
Someone please stop me
Ever wanna cry bc no matter how hard you try still never gonna be good enough for everyone and everybody same
never gonna get any of these jsjdjsjs but still gonna try
my dog was watching love bomb performance for a good 5 seconds before she closed her eyes to sleep
I've only been to Magic Mountain twice and both times I was pregnant
Tenes dinero, too cold to be out there
Good choice imo anyway!
Tappin pockets
I added a video to a playlist No Problem, Im An Elementary Student Too..
Reaction pag nakita mo si Crush Post!
Does breaking their legs count as "witch hunt"? asking for a friend...
jk
Uh me Nd my torpedo does
Anyone want to loan me $4K for school
Every second counts. Dalian mo kuya mag drive
ah, caliliope
Rams Nice As Shit Yo
thank youuu
what's a guys favorite line when they get caught? "not true but whatever, believe what u want."
The off-brand hitachi is the clincher
I ready to do romantic shit like make an Apple Music playlist full of songs that remind me of my boo. Gotta get the boo first
More JP vids
Haha This week ferrrr sureeee! being fat and lazy today
I just switched from an IPhone to an Android and its so weird
Never again.. this woman can drink
Um, please go get checked out...
Ey ey you not afraid if someday you'll become the mochi that you ate, yuqi? kidding. The more means
got an acc with these follows.. idk if you guys know them
Not bad for the first time right ?
Well my home screen is no longer cracked but my home button no longer works
Yeah all of my digital art is on my iPhone good thing I have fat fingers
Ooh Ricky-Poo!! Cute pic! Call me!
I automatically got launched into nesting mode like animals (humans included!) do when a baby animal is imminent
You're killing me Spot!
Just like she forgot to add oil on the pan this morning
after watching 1 exo teaser and then going through 7363736 golden child's teaser pics and vids im overwhelmed
My baby hair curl is sticking up like an antena again. This always happens when I part my hair on a different side
My neighbor wants me to clean up his property down to make some quick money
not just me
- the holidays - EVERY. SINGLE. YEAR!!!!!!!
Just put fresh bedding on our bed & now I can't wait to go to sleep
If LAFC are so good how come they can't even beat the caps at home
10) What I love most about myself
I'm struggling again uhh I like that I like helping people, and getting to
fo'realdoh.
Wanting to post a but too ugly to do it
This
i love having smooth legs, smooth eyebrows, smooth skin, smooth pwussy... i just love being smooth
Boy autumn ass make me wanna take a 5th to the head
complain about going back to work tomorrow after having the weekend off but they gave me Tuesday off so be alright
JState week thought homecoming was it
Am not hard
Am super soft like Cotton wool
As a fan I feel for fans today. Tuckers first XP miss EVER. He was 222-222... insane
Collating pics for my photography portfolio and realised most of my good pics are landscape/sunset pics
You mean... my uniform for work
wit the violence
yeah, I even thought we wouldn't see her on s4, and yet.. and she wasn't developed enough for
That's true since basic biology says that they don't exist to begin with
Me trying to make it through OT school
Wow man.
That is the mochi noona Is that the one that you want the most?
pra marcar o role bosta
Go right ahead
dominguinnn
Already On The Last Episode
In bed tried to sleep but failed miserably
start telling people to lose weight and eat less and see how they like it help that some of us are
Hmmm musykil bila diaorg open utk ifans
Anyway, tq Momo for the info. Akk tak perasan yg part Eng instruction tu tadi
My Germans boys aren't as problematic as they used to be, their spreading love and light. I'm so happy. It's making me a better friend
I never thought Mao and Stalin were powerhungry dictators. Cause I never thought about Mao and Stalin at all before becoming ML
Okay sir.
get so busy on making a living employer ..
Can I get an ID on this song
hell naan how is that even possible ?...I bet you could see that latest Sienna Ford Mustang 2k18
not alone walahy
Not until after pax
I accept Venmo lol never been!
This is great
Sorry I but I did get a minor heart attack that who am I following.. I recognize Zain
My cat is jealous of Yoongi
I just bought my second pumpkin
Not lucky but very fortunate Saints played no defense on that last drive. Cold night. Tucker prob warm up right
Mecca? I think a tourism place im not going there for tourism
On Mondays and the day after a holiday, leave earlier than usual or an hour than your usual Grabe
I need to teach me how to make better French toast
Another proof of time relativity
Shane Diesel Compilation
I been fuckin these Dr Peppers up and now they fuckin my back up
as much as miss feeling the baby move definitely be so happy to not constantly feel feet in my ribs
If leaders follow the rules, then we really have rules
Oga, u don burn minimum wage for dat place abi?
A cup of "what the hell?!" to start the week
Early morning convo with a friend
Lakas trip din nito e, lakas mang hawak hahaha gustong gusto ko naman
Caffeine
All I can think about is how not making anyone proud and that I keep fucking up
Over with
Sweetheart Dani Daniels Eating Pussy Outside
Commit your work to the Lord and your plans will be established Better Pikin! Person Wife
Eh? You mean the Ideal cut? It was last month! Don't tell me that you missed it smh
[Manila? Good
Also for me
Charged to experience ee!
I wish i could RT this so afraid of getting attacked by people though.
Getting home early on a Sunday is a great idea until you've already been home an hour and have done nothing but lie in bed
been awhile ; but this huji app has become my favorite .
Meal prepped mine and Mandos meals for the entire week and idk why excited about it
Do you mean like a post or just my general thoughts here?
Hi i already PM/DM but no responce. The service still not good. 4G but buffering line one only
but like where
Wah. Did people already finished them all before you? Why are you late yooa?
Im just gonna stop cleaning my house bc Bailee respect my shit
Ah mince mdrrrrrr bah du coup tente pas trop trop hein
Certainly help getting over that wall of yours
I've used SpreeNow a handful of times and can recommend! I don't know how their fee compares to other shopping services though
It's "we" now Mr. Minister. Not "they"
Well it happened in 2 days mad at me
I been attracted to top of the line crazy lately
Game stressing me out
Most people are saying this lol.
1/650 african american here god im not white
It will, i just get sidetracked by these depressive event.
Yo my co workers are dope af , once again I love my job
Lmaooo I just realized all of my pics have the 3D filter on it
I want Chipotle and Dutch
Guys I understand the haunting on hill top at all... I even restarted it
cats are so promiscuous ya know
Clearly I know what the word means
I know - where is this TransTrain, and how does one alight? I just got a bill for blood tests ffs
I never know if people are competing with each other, or everyone is just following the same trend
Netflix n chillin I feel so relaxed
Girl we was all on one a lot was going on lol
is firing on all cylinders (35 Photos)
Oh hey, morningggg its Monday
Guess you watch Halloween resurrection
So basically he means you have till Tuesday to meet all our demands and how much money to wire into our economy
In Oklahoma every Saturday at 12
I hung out with this trap ass nigga the other day & he was so hood that it actually turned me off
I have a bad gut feeling about this but ima just let time do thing
Fucked by Twin Sisters -Lady Fyre
will the audio book be available on audible? That is my main audiobook platform so it would be suuuuuuper convenient for me
There's a difference between a pretty girls face when she bust
and an ugly girls face when she bust
Naw, thanks for the encouragement girl sometimes I should probably be less humble with things like wish lists
Ohh nahh, the Saints had the Buffalo Wild Wings guy helping them out on this one
It was Green Park Life with Gina Miller yesterday!
ITS FUNNY HOW SOME NIGGAZ ACT WHEN YOU DA ONE CATCHIN THE L ...ALL INDO IS LAUGH AND SMH
The other guy won really
Lmao i didn't know we needed to use a hashtag
I feel you
come c this
Obviously word but I hope you know what I mean
I would have spat it out accidentally
NEVAAAA .. they TRIFLING
Painting W/ Stoners Twist
Happy Birthday
And now everytime I ride the elevator in my building I think of Leslie
Thank you. I slept well. But I'll go straight to the doctors later once I check out. Just to make sure.
After ng event katulad ng Adn endless at adn homecomig. Yan nanaman. Hindi shade to, totoo nmn kasi.
I like how people used to hate on my music taste, and now yall cant stop listening to my playlist bruh
LMAo u crazy . Vaal will never be. Clean
I have a trash so .. You know the answer
A flight & concert ticket would probably be like $500
How can she ruin life by being at a car show and tweeting that he drove away?
Whoa! Not bad! I got no words really.
Idk how girls wear full-face makeup every day, lucky if I do it once a week
16.10.2018
boring school lesson
Damb bro! Super happy for ya, congrats!!! I obviously need to take some notes from you for my channel
Maybe wakes by herself at the right hour... Not my case
Hahahahahahahaha oh my god, you proposed to her the day you met her & now you say this
REALLY wanna start watching but I think too scared to watch it on my own
Wins are for the ring chasers... VC's not one of them.
Fiz merda
Safe bro. Yh, it exhausting to play . I've always been a PES man my whole life, so I don't think
Sorry
And mine is almost ready.
Too bad cyber-eating ain't a thing yet
He did that for me with Midnight Train To Memphis! I love Chris Stapleton, but I won't watch his version.
Bruh all of that just for a damn churro bite dead
Leave a constructive message :)
Long story short... both have their value
Dak boy you scaring me. Missed Beasley twice. Good throw on 3rd
i still think that ure gonna make a taekook or sope fics rec thread someday
Hate her all you want, but she is still Jennie and you are nobody
My personal narrative so far
Chapter 1 Violation
Chapter 2 An Early Betrayal
Chapter 3 Bully Nip
Chapter
Girl - I was by you I saw this too did you hear about the shooting during half time on Randolph?
I have a feeling you're doing it right.
I feel like I ran a marathon in heels after this weekend
Naku, same. Last night was the third (I think) time na nakita kita. Nahihiya talaga ako. Hope to get
I need to get homeboy stage name. yes ma'am
Is that myem's derp pic that you're using?
Gracias por el mazo
It is a very smexy pen. I swear the photo does not do it justice, need a better camera.
Might
When your bored
Lol a good thing
I'll keep going too :3
Please don't get sick of me
That moment when your cousin is having a baby for your best cousin. Lol stuck together forever
you right.
As long as it looks good in the pics right? That's what it's for great job
//
Goodluck to our performance later
exactly what it is or maybe just that good
I think been camping on BlackOps 4 for too long
I have to back up my life five times over
seriously the worst at saving money always trying to spend it the moment that direct deposit hits
I remember that time in middle school when I was on the news and in the newspaper people would be like
imagine being put in the situation where you gotta make draw 4
On a high horse
at first i thought they were tweeting lyrics to evertime we touch by cascada
I swear the cowboys have 0 sense of urgency with their clock mgmt rn
thanks for the cheering squad! I just did like one small thing and stopped again
going through my bank statement and almost all of my money is spent on food. I need to stop.
You missed the term "baby" after goodnight
Indeed it has been a while How was your previous birthday party? You celebrate it overseas right? During the filming too?
Gonna have to retweet this one to my AD
how to stay strong
Beginning my 38hr travel back home pray for boldness to share Jesus with everyone in China and that they dont lose my guitar
Going to the gym today low key was hard since I gon in a while
need to just take a break from life for a min
Damn be screwed lol I just woke up like 2 hours ago from the aftermath of last night
blame the announcers they jinxed you I'm a saints fans tho so I'm thanking them . sorry bro
I hope I get to see baby today
Same - I was like
I will be watching them
Thank you for your help as always
cartoon character??mannyyou likes those?? fucking weeb
Even if for her 21st. I just
My son home & he happy to be back
so hard to find a committed gym partner that goes to my gym
Morniiing
Maybe! LOL I was thinking he didn't want to be part of the Brandon Ingram club after yesterday
Twilight
i would but im too awkward to even ask
sweating fuckin champagne
Uweek ko this week, pero i'm stress coz UPCAT na this Saturday
Scoop 'em if ya got 'em (38 photos)
Goodmorning
EPISODE GOD, I HAVE SIN AGAIN. Lol, WHY THE DEVIL MAKE DO I'M JUST SAYING
jaxon has 3 molars cut at the same time & omg it was hell.... so glad in and done w them
A car just meowed on something I'm watching on YouTube and Anna fully almost crapped her metaphorical pants.
honestly just a broke college student trying to see some kip
Oh hell. Lol I only have 22
this bitch has problems w everyone she meets, we get it, ur the issue
I took SO many pictures and videos today. My premium story is super long
Me too
Also, the tags mentioned Gust I can't help but hear a bit of Yanagawa in this.
so close to dying my hair black
My heart is hoping it's a joke
Maybe because i talked to you more often than her, noona
You're welcome! Pet her/him well hahha i don't even know the gender.
this a FACT
I be lit
Haha the radical story changes. I've had those so many times, it's not even funny. But sometimes,
Waking up 5:30am for a 9am class. Yeah. Welcome to the Philippines wherein your travel time is almost the same as your class hours.
It hit me hard asf that Im FINALLY getting this ball taken out tomorrow and im relieved but also getting really scared
I think you should turn it off. Mine is off and my tl is in chronological order.
i do not see the issue whatsoever dem buffalos just wild cows anyways
Type is an UKE???? That seems unlikely but okay
Ok You a FREAK FREAK! Vine gone wild
accept me flaws & all.
Hello it's me
... when a gig doesn't feel complete without a picture with the performer after
This escalated quickly
The first time I felt hate to work
Now I'm listening out for the screaming ghosts instead of sleeping
it's ooo-tan
you can soon read about my sad sad sad life
after highschool starting a family, cause idk what else to do
aaahhhh non non non Lindsay, tu tombes plus amoureuse on a dit
Currently we are at my apartment but we opposed to going somewhere. We live near greenbrier. Slightly drunk already
are honestly so unhelpful like hi, you sold me a phone unbelievable slow with barely any signal and
Three essays down, ten more to go by June.
00h19
The americans are dumb , they also think that the earth is flat
This is a horrible year for kickers
A5ok basiony
Not sure if I have a headache from because starving or because I just dropped bands on a MK purse
honestly I cant tell if this is poe's law or not
ok! Same!
such a needy person when my friends are all busy I feel so lost
JW had a ingrown toenail and i dug it out and now all better.. i even need to go to nursing school
But not a huge fan shame on me
I liked the tweet cuz it was your tweet then I read it
Waaa ~ , Atsuiii !!!
*ryo kek ngomong gitu
Un Michael Myers muy chaparrito
*flashbacks of Middle School Facebook Statuses*
Claro
Damn Cowgirls can never Get Right Man!
Not sure if I have a headache because starving or because I just dropped bands on a MK purse
When we tell coach to get the bread, he actually gets the bread.
thanks for my weekly heart attack boys
get your cast off in 6
Day 21. Starting to wonder if all of my pens still die before Oct is over
I come home Thursday and my trucks going in the shop tomorrow
+2 de hoje
skipped sch today
but why you eating it in the bathroom
But first i need to figure out what my fat self is making for dinner
Too close for comfort
Wowwwwwwwww 0-4 on the road
"LavACus"!!
OK, OK, I know! WAY too much of a stretch!!
I used to add salt sha to artificially ripen it
So lucky to have such an amaze bf to do fun things with all the time sooo much love
who'd do this ?
fun-iture
Well, I agree for certain situations
Nvm, we above
Oh what a glow up for my fellow taurean just wondering when mine is seeing as I'm 26 on a serious note what
I been hurt my whole life but you can never tell I hold my head high.
When Justin makes me drinks literally 99.9% alcohol and .1 % juice
P.s. No, that's not my own number on my own phone's lock screen...
I was at this
Boston Vs Philly
Comes to find out just one of those actually says fuck you or I lied
Beauty
bologna or is actually pronounced ... so they really rhyme
Someone text me
I meant this week for nacional
Would be amazing it man.. unfortunately they have rights to do it. Because throwback SBCs would be crazy!!
Nobody could run the damn ball today. At least a field goal would of put us in overtime.
Born and raised in Michigan. I think my real wording is actually SO and I agree
Homie said Cowboys continue to find misery on the road
That was a good game
be honest, I shed a tear
Just Incase anybody was wondering yeah single
Look I love beating the falcons more than anyone, but it was the ravens.
i make a twitter account, then after three days I delete it
The sweet feeling of surprise off your ringtone
but wait please as I now must ask you? do you believe he'll die though? As the only proper redemption arch, say?
That's me
I ain't smoke all day
will they drop something this morning ? I feel so damn sleepy I want to sleep again
The disrespect
Passion-HD Horny Newly Wed Demands Satisfaction
We're still finishing 9-7 though, eh.
so confused
Wow wow wow I see it now
They underestimate Trae Young
Damn i fucking cried haha
Why why why why is it already Sunday night
PAGMAMAHAL NA MEDYO BASTOS!!!
Deanna blocked Jema v2.0
Vo ver calma
it def was a nerve wrecking game towards the end
I started reading P&P last night so proud I get this reference (or I think I do hehe)
Aw shucks
you did that!
They had no business in the game late if not for the ineptitude
Win Lose or Draw ... Win Lose or Draw
I been sick if Jay tried to ice him
I so relate. Also a military spouse and have moved three times in the last year
As a guy, how do you tell a girl that you like that you like them? I feel like something I should know by now
Que isso mds!!
Love that vibe! I think I prefer the darker stories as they're more gritty and real.
Ps. This gif
Fen followback y3ny ? meen tyb 3shan a3ml back
No inter No cray
why cant i just have my life all figured it out
Sorry not sorry
Ya'll should sleep
tag yourself RK900
I just stepped in puke at a gas station
I love seeing my boy Roman even if it's because RemiJane is dying
Train to Busan was amazing. I get the hype and have to watch it a few more times to get over my pausing because scared nonsense
I felt this one spiritually.
I can see why you might remember that
It wasn't my fault
E kam urry gjithmone emrin tim
If I hear Mo Bamba one more time my ears will bleed
talking stupid football and my Falcons even played yet!
Nah, hell nah lol. fucked around and tripped on my own feet, clumsy
birthday 7 months away but I definitely know what I want to do
Like did i say weird shit, did i piss someone off etc hahaha fml
Or I could just. Buy a wig. And save some money in the long run. But they expensive HELP lol
gonna attempt to cleaning my room and do all my laundry so I can start this week off right
Whew
Bruh, is that a "yes"?
But with a great work standing. We have it all, can we?
been doing school work ALL weekend and all I wanted to do is get drunk and today is finally happened.
I smile so hard when I look at my stash like dam I did this on my own
so hard being a Dallas fan
You heading to FL for Mau, Sammy?!
My body is officially cleansed smoked weed in 30 days Im so proud of myself
Multiple places
Looking great! I was so tired that I fell asleep for 4 hours when I came home, so I totally know what you mean.
Im pretty sure cowboy fans are missing dan bailey a little more rn
Omg this was literally me yesterday I relate so hard doing great hun
I would sack him right now for anyone
When film night turns into a 5 hour long gossip about life
I do this to myself all the time am I a flat earther or not
gonna attempt to clean my room and do all my laundry so I can start this week off right
Its time to start the grind!!!
Thank you Dr Sowell for making them out !!!
Jajaja asi conozco a varios.
from big_chiky - DEJA LAS EXCUSAS ... MENCIONA A TUS AMIGOS
on my last year of high school and the pencil just seems on getting heavier and heavier
Que los episodios de westworld duren 1 hora me asusta
I forgot to tell you after Victor gave them to me
Well yeah but as in it came down to the wire good game ..get what i mean
Wtf have I started world war 3
If I ever got social media famous I wonder what kinda tweets could people dig up from me
myyy decisions suc
the one
Dah dpt sekali, nak lagi
In my situation, this applies to face with no-redness.
She speaks to my soul
Guys, my husband is playing fortnite on my Twitch channel, if you wanna watch
Bangkok in Thailand
Thank you! Hopefully that's all it is
What?! Well, you haven't been to me, but you do talk a lot about spamming people's texts
I need a duo and a team
PS4
19
Ar/OBJ
Can Attend Lans
West Coast
YES lol it bugs me every time I type it and always double check myself typing it
De hoy
So my jaw is still fucked, my stomach is mad because of my medication for said jaw and had a headache all day
Idk If I Wanna Roll Again Or Not
bo4 treating me well
Awwww my baby don't cry please I'm shaking cuz I'm too nervous
Console is forced shadows. Imagine how we feel?
Hurrah! It arrived!
If you wanna know where my priorities are at the moment, in a good mood because my Bitmoji is wearing an outfit that I actually own
tirei umas fotos bonitinhas hoje
oh I was gonna do that anyways
Cause you one of a kind
Ooh now to figure out what want you to draw
Texans to the Super Bowl we knocked off cowboys twice in one season I think pretty nice
HollyHanna Rainbow Socks
Wow finally genuinely happy see how long this last
Most critical job in the NFL is the kicker, Them Mfs safe
This movie the purge
Why they let it The day of steeling things not souls
Nigga said you got em for what ? I got em less
Gained 40 lbs
Men are like buses. You wait ages for one and three arrive at once. Cant. Stop. Laughing am I being
+2
I'll never actually leave
i waited 2 weeks nobody tells you how much want sex after seeing your significant other be a father to
both cats though
I even lie, if skinny and have a long dick.. already my type
Got a goal to reach by my bday!
I know, why I even have a phone ! Shits so boring and dry lol
Showed Tone my tattoo and he said L... and looked like he was going to cry so now I feel like shit.
I wonder is he still remember the lyrics
My shoulders are sore as hell after that workout
You got the right one
Our receiving corp is so bad that I always forget that Beasley is still there
What a time for Justin Tucker to miss an extra point
Eagles lost cowboys lost tomorrow the giants will win!!
Sorry I just really want to get any more involved it really stresses me out x
He he
Debbie has a lesbian love interest
Fuck outta here
Ahahah je comprends
thanks for the compliment
These towels live a privileged life...(45 Photos)
one more question... thigh highs or booties with my jeans and bodysuit?
Second time to BK today and the same drivethru worker
to cop SCVI just to mess around with custom characters
It's perfectly fine! Anxiety is a real jerkface.
Hiichan-ah the problem is that the tickets are too limited
Hakimi is in there right? Other than that...no popular faces
When the struggle for Halloween is Real!
, ,
-
Hahahahaha wag ganon finals to
Don't worry, social media didn't even exist.
I just reached level 600 on candy crush
Why does it feel like midnight already?
Hey, your Volume website has expired. Now I can't access them sweet wallpapers
You can use mine! But not the most photogenic
That game was.... sweat inducing. SO. STINKING. STRESSFUL. Congrats on the win! so relieved!
15000th time
I just had to lecture my 14yo cousin on why stupid to sneak out and drive his moms car to mboro then go 140 down the interstate
We tried our best to give it to you all. Glad we held on to it
I should start getting ready now
I'm a dork. I'm trying to add as many art pictures as I can now that I have Twitter.
Also... good morning to Jin Ki and good night to myself
though I've solidly come to the conclusion that... yeah I'm not quitting refocusing my efforts into external
Honestly when I use some reference for my exercises I feel like I'm cheating a bit. But thanks! Thanks so much!!!
The first time my mom and dad were at the same party since I was a kid.
idk if smart enough for that
so mad at myself for buying this costume and not trying it on first. It looks dumb and I return it
The press can get really ugly, indeed. Ximen's mom will be interesting, both in good ways and bad ways
I want to grow my hair and look like Merida
Lol ur background though
this made me think of you also me that time Kam jokingly throttled me and I had a panic attack
Thank you huhu magddrawing ulit ako if ever may time
How to justify to myself getting the new iPhone Xs ...?
Whew
But unfortunately I need the huskies to win
Sigh
Went go karting and crashed into someone. My leg is now bruised
I thought that was his mouth
Wala palang sem break sa office.
Lol. I doubt that
I am not good ENOUGH!
Sad truth.
Just because it's fancy doesn't mean it's functional
Between my love life and my job in retail, I need Savage by lights everyday
Forgot to post this last week My first snowball. I think I figured out a good technique, now I just need the
These hoes say 2 much I think 2 much
I gotta fill my gas tank up, pay for all new tires, and get my breaks fixed oh so grown grown.
All I can think of is he's afraid of butterflies in real life, but not tats
Que clase de This is Us es esto
He has the money to replace EVERY organ he owns with new fresh ones lol do not eat like warren
Bueno... Asi le dicen
Hahaha! yeah, that shit was scary.
Ahahhahaha okkk, scherzavo!!
Back to work after a full week of sick leave Feeling like a new me with four fewer teeth as well as a new
the loose jeans that I used to hate perfectly fits me rn
Honestly probably not eating enough calories. I work night shift so my schedule gets all thrown off & I barely eat
oh god! definitely some fun people around (in the city)
the amt of interest u pay on a 30 yr mortgage
He bailed us out for sure. We got lucky
Easy bro
Wow anche a Babbo Natale il rene, non solo a Ermal.
My cousin legit thinks that if you pour alcohol on your skin how you get drunk... I with my family
I only own two ps4 games physical.
I used to buy a lot physical too for because many games
I swear Karina rts things of Calum just to trigger me. It works 100% of the time too.
Making that trip very soon
if you ever need a playlist to freak your man to is your guy
Today a very spiritual person asked me, "So you're getting married next year?"
I feel like the only who cleans when mad or upset
EPISODE GOD, I HAVE SIN AGAIN. Lol, WHY THE DEVIL MAKE DO I'M JUST SAYING
Lmao sorry my brother had to see all that
Omg I know that hurt your soul
Idk about that after finding out an 11 hour drive
Help. Do I tag Auston and the magazine in one photo? In all photos?
When I decide on this I'll post the thread.
I ain't even that old but I relate to this too much already
this lady told her son "PUT THAT SHIT BACK!" loud as f**k i almost put my shit back at Key Food
Damn... I mean, it is a vast game with a lot to do. But yeah, it's an awesome game. Gonna have to wait to tackle Odyssey.
I love the smell of a newly cooked rice. Is it weird?
Some girls on here really just post pics and instantly kill your self confidence
El hype.
Expedited shipping is $37 on that
Does that mean Lj is contagious
He also brought up stuff about WW2 in those tweets
Has me proper sad y do I even work when I still afford all these things
Killin' time mcdo because I told my boss that I'll come in at 9 pero nandito na ako ng 7:30
a loss today? whats that
why i crush so hard on though especially without his braces
Thank Goodness
Ashanti needs to do something special for those 24 souls unless it was Murder Inc that bought all of those
Goodmorning peeps.
.@Swoosh_Supply found this in my old screenshots
Omg a derp
Wasn't able to get a shiny MetaCross XD
cus silly me staying up to late cus imma silly 4head but I was able to
And they said no way crazy
EPISODE GOD, I HAVE SIN AGAIN. Lol, WHY THE DEVIL MAKE DO I'M JUST SAYING
She keeps me on my toes
Cuman bikinan fanacc aja sih
Cringe
That's what her tweet implied na
Do girls do anything for a guys attention? Oviously
Whew child, candy is expensive
Ne oluyor lan
how many ppl u had sex with in ur lyfe Not saying that
DM
Bapilar siblings
palangga ta kamo tatlo *insert bebe wearing pink shorts*
This is the redo right or did you make new new once.
Go hit the gym, you'll like what you find there (13 Gifs)
& these hips cause Jesus the food
Every friendship had lately starts out with used to think you hated
I'm gonna tweet something that I would normally post on my rant account but don't worry it's nothing triggering. Just me complaining
Catch a damn contract already, the miss you
Cant believe it, his first ever missed extra point
no lie it was looked at the pic in that direction right away
i uhhhh kinda put my bracelet on cause i thought it looked cool but i know i remove it
plz help :/
You put me hip.. I'ma check it out
NEED. BUT OFC WITH BIGGER HOLES IN THE BAG
Roma - lost. Wasps - drew. Saints- won. It got progressively better as the weekend went on
This team is under the radar and nobody is talking about em...I can't even name the QB
ganamos
Real Madrid effect clearly appears
HA! I am literally hauling my marking out of my pack right now. YAY Labour Day!
When butt hurt as hell and just talking shit
Call me crazy, but I wish my eyes could do that
How about third or forth
working on it! a about a third of the way through it at least broken that 100 episode mark
I procrastinate to much
Still love you want to come check me out
Good morning guys! here's my very short but yummy chupa video enjoy. Bago sya bumalik sa NY last BJ daw
Russ wait to play again
Wow no matter what you do to make people happy once you make a mistake you take 10 steps back...ima miss brother nature
Height - 5'6
Hahahahahahahaha 5 flat ang ilong raman diay. Weche!!!
You shouldn't even be thinking of travelling
I find anything creepy this time around thank goodness!
Phew
And the best for Abu girls. Is kuli kuli... At least gurasa and fura is quite expensive
Awh Brother Nature. I wonder if he tried those tweet delete apps. Cause if he did, HS me might have some explaining to do as well
Hahah ... just laugh them off this is nothing, dealt with more stupid ppl tbh I
soul destroying, saying this as a parent of a toddler. Although my daughter can sing the tune from Curb Your Enthusiasm
Ayyy, thanks thanks. . People are awesome for all the love on the video.. I gotta support you
Fit girls never skip Fridays! (45 Photos)
This movie the purge
Why they let it The day of steeling things not souls
When they chosen
thankkkss moni
Someone get high as hell with the kid
Goodluck to me later
At least the L is to a non-conference opponent. On to Carolina
I think you yourself can block her, but there'll be a family meeting tomorrow morning
Black men really sexy annoying too but sexy
Kiss and make up = rip replay.
Imagine being this bothered by what somebody else does with their money and their body sis is SNATCHEDDDD
Ladies and gentleman we have lift off (36 Photos)
In CoMo? Nah
really? i thought it was weird that u could only see it in one shot
I now have $1 on Fanduel so I play anything RIP bankroll
Congrats man!! But do something about that hairline
Not bad
Yes But mine like once a year only
Jun and Hojung's schedule didn't match again. When will these two finally meet
Thought you were saying that 2 me
Where do I sign up
If meant to be ... it will be
Lol I saw it your dad whats drinking and nun came out I was dead
My baby just lost his first tooth!
.....but he ate it
Ya ando con sed
this why all of my guy friends are gay
Yeah fun, left a nice dent in those monkey bars
forgot to tag
i have serious fomo from this blackhawks game this sucks
Can stop retweeting all this pornography. giving me anxiety
Im back live! i think
Thought you were saying that 2 me.
Oh good!
Lol my sister definitely had fun at concert. Grabe siya!! Dami na niyang napuntahan while here... stuck
Is this too much cleavage for the grocery store?
They're upside down though
Lmao very true. But Colorado even score on San Jose Maybe they
Hoy hace frio
i might just stare at this and ends up not eating it
Why u on 2k17
you like the Giants ?
Delighted to! Although D&D is a little complex
Which version are you interested
ALREADY saw it im dead your dad was drinking and nun came out
Same. Meng with Arjo
just did 100 plus in michaels car w kels and were still alive
It took me and my friend a hot minute to figure out this was upside down. Can you tell which one this
Bon
Oh darn you have time to pay attention to me
Well... that too like a plain black t shirt goes a long way
Out the sky via
Lol why is this what I tell my mom !! Except looking for a boyfriend instead
*ever but uhhhhhh
Me ? thank you thank you haha
Bueno gente
She here don't worry
This is the beginning of a horror story... so sorry
From the all explanations this is the funniest..
We introduced it at 6 months but he just liked to throw it had a very rough time because he
technically single but my is taken by someone I call my own... haha!
My cleaning girl came back from maternity leave
Brutal.
I probably weirded most of the people on my Snapchat, just proud of my Halloween costume so far
i love late night runs to walmart
moving to Colorado w me, cause bout to be lonely af
we're gonna freak some people out since mono is the short way of saying mononucleosis
HELLO. Point out one that can out dress me
My entire life in a tweet
Wait, your favorite moment?
All saying is they better win their next game cause be there
My man and I all the time
Jungkook stan helpppp not the best with words but yeah
I found the cutest new recipe book but have to rewrite all of my recipes.... and actually considering it
Honestly, a fan of the color scheme. what the inside of my head looked like after last week.
You'll be first on the list, Liar-in-Chief!!!
This clip has taken a spin for the intense...even more so than I had intended.
Lol tf they do resell passwords or some
All I know is I danced on the bar at coyote ugly and did a body shot.
when you get enough of someone... dangerous
Walker jumping folks touched a lick of school work including self
Nuuuuu, youre cuter! I should draw you again sometime. I'm hoping to make it better and yeshh the doggo is really adorable too
I work everyday
WAITING FOR IT, THAT GREEN LIGHT, I WANT IT
*ft. a soprano tryna hit unreasonably low notes + some v
I catch up with any drama for these past few weeks. I feel so unproductive
still up and reading. rereading all the good stuff from and I wanted to rise early for a change
Start of workday week and already running out of gas
I am virgin boy
Yeah I'm under levelled on my Hunter though and haven't played on this character for about 3 weeks
That was such a busy weekend
only cause that place is legit haunted and yeah
Well am in a Ravens home, so my team
**type of argument. My keyboard messed up and I just couldn't stand a typo in a tweet about editing
Kinda sad and cute.
The latest ornament.
Excuse the glaze on my hands
The reason why i want any more kids
Was the suspension based on how many punches each throwed 432
"TU LA TOUCHES PAS MA FILLE, TU LA TOUCHES PAS TU M'ENTENDS ? TU LA REGARDES PAS !
Yeah, a lot of people are having issues with that one so the good thing is you're not alone here
Whew
I be on everything
like I ain hilarious
CUTE ALLIGATOR PLS SSFSJKJ
Baby. That was a dinosaur.
Congrats
meu Twitter nesse tablet so tem, 140 charzcteres vai se foder pqp desisto
Mom came home from church tryin not to curse the whole team out after seeing that game ending
Infairness bilib ko sa initiative aning isa ron Bilib sad ang fam sa efforts hmm
But going to get a sugar glider instead because I think I can handle a monkey at this point
what would it even consist of?
Wait until you're 60, you'll be getting that remote and pumping that volume
Now I have Whiskey and Vodka
Watching natural mommy vlogs and rubbing my very sore breasts
I'm actually nervous to watch todays episode of Seeing the promos, nothing good can come out of this.
Ohhhhh Mybad bro, read way too far into that sht
Happy birthday choi yoojung's twin
Happy birthday IZ*ONE main vocal
Zoro Solgaleo GX
Dear 13th month pay:
Can't wait to see you.
ate all day
I need to stop looking at boutique clothing bc making me want to hurt my bank account
lol.
really love to have some time to enjoy gaming though haha, one day find a balance.
What are there flavors?
And you still replied thank you btw
What advice can anyone give me about the transition for having only one kid to having two?
As always
pwede i send? hahaha
He was lit up when he got up from that one
cos we are
Saw you at Stc Friday thought you were cute whenever Thanks and idk about that
Lol thanks dawg man looking at the clock right now like this foo
When you accidentally take a nap when want to
Lol I liked the ones that were already said but I also liked Nod from the movie Epic
Saw this and I thought it was about curvy cuties/ chubby babes.
Just wondering what lip balm are you using?
Lol clearly nobody likes me ... never get checked up on
Was thinking spaghetti for dinner. Now I'm not so sure.
My body sore all over due to the travelling over the weekend. Old people like this la
DSJ at the fair today and I didn't go
My biggest question is does it work pretty good like they show on tv
Idk what it is about the fall time but that shit always gets me thinkin
Whew... and only on the couch
Definitely not even mad about it either
Yes! I really want to but your girl is broke atm
Time to update everyone again...I guess bad/little good news the doctor just got done talking to me about everything
8/10 times when i say lmao i am definitely not laughing my ass off
Day 2 of 7
What does it say? blocked
um boomerang aqui
think ever be saying cold in Florida
Whoops
I want leather couches in a cool color
Uhm... I got in a little trouble the last time I shared a link but I'm sure if you search up
I always get spammed when I play Black ops
I gotta think before i speak
Thanks Alec!
He was only an enthusiast-level like me
WHY is there an ice cream truck driving circles around my neighborhood in OCTOBER?! This music is driving me insane
Yup, settled. Going to buy a carbon fiber hood
A blessed Monday morning
I know right. I wouldn't mind if he was gay though, I still would !
officially been 1 year since I put any color in my hair and now itching to do something with it
Part of me wants to watch the Nuggs tonight and the other part wants to study for my exam gotta multitask I really hope I retain
Update
I ate the cake. Best worst decision of my life.
Lol if the man wants banana pudding and the only time I have available to make it is at 3am...then yes
Must be nice
at the point in life where I get excited when fruit is on sale at he grocery store
I appreciate that lol and You as well !!
Better than nothing
you tagged the wrong luvv
Poor weekend. Same as first weekend, 20 with 2 left.
Team has changed again
Niggas b wantin tention starring an shit
Naw good stay on the sinking ship
I almost financed a Goldendoodle today how bad I want one
How you gonna make her dog watch her get beat up
Jackson vs Okemos in the playoffs
Sometimes I can't even read what I write
Just getting started with sorting this huge old collection of Herkimers from the 80s
Did anyone else sign this?
Yup! We Dont.
thanks stac!!!! and still tryna recover
Ahora lo entiendo
PUV - Public Utility VUS
Did anyone else sing this?
Damn this shit caught me off guard
Thank you btw! almost done. It really much
Shit. And the Flores fam
Sooooo, Canine, question, uhhh.....
How exactly do you resist responding to a howl? My football team keeps on teasing me about it
You can have our pumpkin!! I stole one his name is tumpkin lol
Respect ... i still got u
I post about them too much but so cute
Need about 60ish points from Tyreke Hill lol
Gaps can help cure the Monday blues (36 Photos)
A blessed Monday morning
!
Nothing is cuter than a girl with dimples (34 Photos)
group honeymoon?
Skitzcord if you know what I mean
Girl, I can't stand myself!
Yay!! Finally got my coffee machine to work! is a well deserved all nighter, too excited to wait.
Nothing to see here
Last minute win on that one! Phew!
Effort is good and all, but it's BADLY PLACED HAHAHAHA
They really need to get a better life than this stealing stuff.
Am I considered a nerd if I love stationery....like omg new pens and markers and highlighters and..... nevermind
all I want is a jonah vm why does everyone hate me and lie about getting me one
Haha experienced that phenomenon! Crazy how much people love these things
stand the yongers in the family there raaar to childish for me
Our apologies Moberg
Word on the street is he got fingertips to the first penalty before it was denied by the
my first ae edit
Pretty sure most cats are bigger than that, and very unlikely be hitching a ride on a Canada goose So, photoshop.
I remember right now... also you would probably judge them
No, if this is what a Dutch Baby looks like, then they def. get cuter with age!
It's pretty sad that the BS trending on Twitter doesn't surprise me
I remember right now... also you would probably judge them
Yes, yes it is!!!
the crab raid in tracichat was wonderful
& THIS IS WHY COLLEGE IS KICKING MY ASS
Stranger things voy por ti
Sometimes I really miss the days of being an alcoholic with nothing to do and no worries
They are coming for you
Finally got something off a scratch off 100$ off a 10$ ticket
Hay veces donde amo mi cuerpo
like Poshmark knows my life
Hi Karl, I just accepted your follow request on Twitter .. Eyyy hehe thank you too hehe
I dont remember who the blonde sisters i was talking to at cate street last night where but id like to make you both my future ex wives
15. On fri I was rewatching pd101
Tenativly coming back to this page
I have a few small things working on so those should come soon.
Same
Under my full grown man .
So many $99 prizes and idk when any of them are picked
Isn't his the 15th?
LoooL you are crazy boss
I saw in Walmart earlier & I just screamed that she had a nice ass bc damn
It's her last handshake event (well maybe same goes to her mobame) so I think we can slid that for now
Lol you lied
quite get Kimi on track... but definitely had him on the podium
really making one of my residents go get me food cuz I allowed to leave
Sad truth
He done a good grab here.
...the sight was so stimulating that Zachk who is not a big fan of the ocean wants to go even closer.
...
Bored so made this a clay cover for a mug
The first time I actually realize always had 2 pairs of ears...
I stop laughing rn
Lol yeeessss !
Dang it. I have that one
My husband and I live vicariously through his vlogs
Deym lany u makin me emotional at 8am
tensile stress
under reinforced: steel yields
therefore fy=fs
just kidding
maybe I shoulda said 'I needed [a dick like that] this morning'. Unfortunately I didn't have any
i just want someone to raise a dog with
I hope I win so I can read it I'm broke after coming off maternity leave
talk about your ex, you know she mad
I want to go watch Halloween
it hurts to see how broken it is
A girl should be doing homework... a girl also really wants to sleep... priorities.
mints-chan my fellow ioriku enthusiast do u happen to remember what chapter this is?????
Had 2 cops pull up on me today..
Thank you guys! I have no idea why either, but okay and yes, that
I stop laughing rn thanks
You're funny! Vote Red!
I've been a victim of a selfish kind of love.
3rd it's hard to add detail on a simplistic character such as finn so this is what I got
I'm still act like a child and I'm 14
Broke my glove out of retirement tonight for some slow pitch. Def gonna feel it tomorrow.
I promised joshie pancakes. One thing I suck at more then life are the pancake shakers
Also our two cousins &
I dislike all of the text options on carrd
Sino yan?
grabe yan kasi yung latex gloves AHAHAHAHAHA ito naman oh pero pwede rin
from Ga to NJ first time on a plane by myself and baby it was worth it
my friends. i bought 2 VIP tickets to Hippo Campus tomorrow and need someone else to come. Hmu asap
All I want to do is work at a job that passionate about. all I want. Well, and to not be so fat anymore
already out
Do you ever eat pretzels and bite on certain parts so you can make letters out if them?! It's really probably only me.
COM DORIVAL, VALE A PARTIR DE 3!
Cuando quieran les tiro las cartas
It's just sad how they are picking the fried rice over her
We try not to scream at each other when buying ok? cause use loud speaker
My time will come. Until then I have to learn how to be very patient
I should go to Dallas one weekend
in Spring
So Andrea bocelli gets on the stage for the first time and under his voice says
Having withdrawals
Please pray my PC arrives before my birthday all I want to do is stream
mints-chan my fellow ioriku enthusiast do u happen to remember what chapter this is?????
I Told Dude Pronounce ShalomAvion He Said He Even Pronounce That S***
Yea, LOL
Being egotistical on Twitter makes you look really cool
Welp, well here I go.
remember the first pic?
I know exactly what Zack Grey did there
Need a chick dwn for haunted house ... drive in movies ... trips ... picnics all that good shit
TARTA*
Even though discouraging that not doing as well as I want.. I have to keep reminding myself how far came
Your father sounds wise
I wait to take this damn cone off of her
OC dump. Marya "Czarina" Romanov, Queen of Wounds. Really need to practice drawing females
I'm with you on that, hun. I'm slowly dying right now.
Jamais
I want a tattoo so bad but just a lil nervous
I don't think I can link?
no seriously you bitches be dummies
I really want this flashback to finish faster, i cant take it for more angst in upcoming chapters haha
At this rate .. I should prob accept b jus kahlei & I. Sorry boo mommy & step daddy
I'm looking forward for the full version of this. this make me wonder for things you cannot do
Redskins in the NFC East
Nothing can be fake than my iPhone..it gave up charging if original cable is used
Lets talk about it than
The other night I went to 711 & the total came out to $7.77.... I ended up getting the scratcher & won $7
I remember we seeing the video... Jesus Christ
Lol not really but I love the song
Ehe
Get back in the game with some girls in sports bras (34 Photos)
Knicks!
This is what GA missed. We got all the smoke thanks for sharing! Beautiful!
mad how the one of the best days of your life can also be one of the worst days of your life aswell
Can't laugh, shouldn't but we Trinis truly amazing .
PLEASE YALL STOP
NCT HAS AMAZING VOCAL LINE END OF STORY This is kpop I take my vocal ranking serious as
Especially after a 3h practice
It's kind of hilarious, admirable, and annoying at the same time
Is what for real?? Whatshername blocked me lol she wants followers but won't
bonitinho rs
When you drop your grinder that had the last g you had and you broke till Friday and Monday
Hang on for the ride,
My head has cleared enough to play some video games. choice is Dishonored 2. sort of remembering where I left off
Congrats on making it to Hump Day, here is your reward!
It's so sweet that you didn't just assume I'd lost the plot nah it's just me and my bloody autocorrect!
But was the sand messy and in the way?...... asking for a friend.
I wear it all year
Condolences 2 and-a-half weeks later.. I guess it was more important for you to come up with a RIDICULOUS excuse first.
Buckle up!
Decision Day is going to be wild.
This time next year I inspire to be ima new area code
Girllllll. Set reminders & then make sure you take it when it goes off.
Sem-break feels
at Lapuz National High School
know if texting you back fw you
Lmao why do I still get all flustered when my girlfriend hits on me like I did when we first stsrted talking???
Just read a 200 page book in 2 days. Just to type up a paper that be more than 2 pages. Lol
At this point in my life I just really have no fucking clue what doing
When someone says "Adults who like Disney need to grow up"
how bout at
Listened to Post Malone for my entire drive back from Morgantown and now all in my feelings
New hair new me for the 4th time this year. see if this works or going for a 5th
It end
If people only knew how close it was
ayaw na berl
Somebody pick up my and bring it to me please
what do you think of chances to make the playoffs?
Kasian banget maen sendiri
I was legit depressed for an hour
I know where Josh and Simon are and Markus be home for a while.
don't do this to yourself bro. smuggle stew? Aye ooooo.
Only I will hop out of the car while we cross the border to take a picture
I need to do a look & get good pics ASAP but i also need to pack my shit
I be on Twitter a lot so
Pretty normal
if he says yes take me dawg
I wish I had the patience, but I must press buttons.
She does the most
truly me
They lost their power remember???
Jap actually tak ingat bila cakap macam tu tapi ada.. serious ada dorang
Its a drougt round here pussy went up
This is funny but at the same time not lol I hope everyone is ok
Shannen Doherty and I keep walking past each other all weekend. I should probably say hello at some point.
A smile for now'll do.
those look sick i want a pretty big one so i guess we will see
a Gemini
Missed season 0... How the hell did I miss season 0?! Watching it rn
fatboyinthecut
Talking like I have an audience
Happy I have to see some certain people anymore often
Gotta satisfy that sweet tooth of yours. Totally understandable.
A Sag rising? Oh sweetie so sorry
He is SO NAUGHTY
Exception on 9 and 12
a BIG difference between missing you , and missing the things we did together . i miss you
can i hv it every morning
It's not a take on the song. It's about a dude getting ready to kill himself.
I know you mean it
Okay I guess this was my best
Invitenme a cenar
hopefully not
I actually never wore this watch to school
I'm still at the early chapters there
ok
I have this problem where everytime I go shopping I feel like I need a new pair of shoes....
How bout them Cowgirls
Idk but I'd be down to do this at home with bae
Its a drought round here pussy went up
Thanks. But don't feed my vanity, Suz
Looking for someone good with wiring in vehicles, I need some help
always been a ride or die but really legit now
more excited about hu homecoming than my own joint
alwayssss hated coffee but now i have to have it 3x a day
My prediction came true and I am not happy
dang, hope you feeling better
Sorry for the late! I had a few setbacks
P Dubs only game
Yup once a month. I call in
Arda & Ceyda
Eexam pa ng 1:30pm tapos thesis na and duty. Hays
I cannot wait for the new grinch movie to come out. Ava and I will probably go see it 3/4 times
Sam Houston treated me well
Definitely more wild than A&M
Wait, why is brother nature cancelled?! What did I miss
okay, not a bad start. 5-minute walk from Sta. Quiteria Church to Office. need to work on my cardio for the
let's see them talk now! WHAT they got to say! HA!
Dead ass thought this baby was takeoff from the migos
Ini dia lagi demen jadi photo bomber
Same
Sorry, all I do is ride horses and make $ but down lmk
game time in less than an hour and so ready for bed already
Pls not rn
Was going great uno
thinking about bts having significants is so painful but also makes me happy
Hee ternyata ya.
Morning Nila!! Have a nice Monday.
I study today and I have to make at least a 79 on my test tmrw
That's understandable, ofc not everyone experiencing stuff the same way, I was just saying
I will not play the lottery... (x3)
bunyagan sa new phone
Have but use it to post
Alv
my homework playlist on spotify puts me to sleep honestly. definitely does not help me stay focused
My child gave me baby fever
sososososososos
Us every Monday
Taking application for a BO4 Duo, HML
I think
Were all exited
Always!
go grab a drink
Geek out with some nerdy fangirls (39 Photos)
Right!
I never bothered with guns or bloodtinge bc I couldn't parry very well
We're not all like this
Lmao Emma just ate one of my meal prep bowls and a pack of animal crackers
Where is it going !!!
Im not taking a shit on NOBODY toilet. Im fina take my ass home
My top track is serendipity... I'm a little surprised but like not really
Ive been beating myself up or well, not looking after myself, curse you GSRP!!!
Your school uniform can still fit you? If so, forward a December
If if fit stitch two together
I hope be better by tomorrow because idw him to bring me go see doctor on Wednesday.
Sorry Alex but that dude is going to bring a lot of problems out in the field
be great if you mind. really no trouble at all. been playing Sims on
went to the pumpkin patch for my first time yesterday but ofcourse my awkward ass cant pose in pictures for shit
Morning turab Starbucks Reserve Westgate Alabang
Introducing the kiddo to Neverending Story. never actually watched this movie from beginning to end
When you can smell the make up
One of the streamers I can watch for hrs
headed to Cali and mad because I want to wear autumn clothes. gonna be far too warm
What is the appropriate temperature to break out UGGS?? Asking for a friend
Leica Q Khaki Limited Edition
I khaki
lost a good deal beeing too patient though
Just for today
I never actually took the time to sit down and play around with colors much. I just slapped it on there and call it good
My grandma when she had my father and aunt. The doctors said that it was either a tumor or another baby
I'm sorry, but what's a terf?
I need to win the mf lottery so I can buy a brand new car & pay that shit off
walang maisulat
I just want to say sorry about my snaps last night
The whole time sang I swear my feet were not touching the ground. That mosh pit life tho!
So I forgot my mom follows me on Twitter she (and myself) would like to clarify I was in fact not recruited
Going to school today had me thinking it was Monday
Imma need Sacramento to go 0-82 so the sixers can get the overall pick in the draft
Entrega em Natal?
Ok, so I can blame you then, yes?
wait til my orders of boots come in, the girls are excited ! Spoiled butts I got so much
ai droga
His colour change had not gone unnoticed
Ok ok that makes me feel a bit better, and yeah? lmao
Give me a reason to Wait and stay
Any chance for a final fantasy warriors game?
I honestly remember the last assignment I turned in for any of my classes
Nope. Next concert, that'll be next year? Or idk
Yes! No, you shouldnt've. I want to see and experience it myself. Hahaha ||
That was me
Way too many when it comes to
fellas hide your girls
I was literally like 5 feet from the edge and I was terrified
Maneirin os piercings na bucetinha
But they will give out randomly so to get ur bias pc its all about luck
ok I need to actually start working out
about my personality, which is not really questionable tapos pinansin nila. Hindi ba medyo nakakalungkot yon? skl hehehehe
Sometimes all I want is a person to call after work so I can tell them about my day....
It's been a long time since I read any scene where Sunggyu get jealous and then being overprotective to woohyun please?
I have about 5 different things to do before going back to school next week, will I do them? Most likely no
usually how it goes
Anyone in wanna chat about the newest YA books with me?
I told Lydia coming too
Hopefully it doesn't stay to hot! This person was going to Mexico
next weekend be there
so jealous drink one of those 16$ beers for me!
It does kinda look pretty cool don't you think
The hubby was distraught I think bc he agrees with all of this now
Chicago or New York in December ?
Day 1 of my 7 day work week
Loving my short nails now! Can type and write so much easier without my claws
Ok thank you! Been wanting to start it but not if ridiculously scary
From all the people trying to move in...i think you need a bigger house
He might not get it because he got his team to garbage time too quickly
Pump the breaks, car selfies ahead
Watching Burgess is a is a great way to pass the time on a long train ride
Happy birthday to one of the best leaders in town. The person who hates aegyo but he is full of aegyo himself
I talk alll my shit but, ima still feed this nigga face tonight stop my bs one day
2nd attempt
Lmfao I didn't noticed your video is all of his story together
baru merasa real definition of fuhhhhhh survived for now
Come to DM Mr. Bored
If you an adult and don't mind living in the middle of nowhere then sure im down
I finally figured out what gonna be for Halloween; broke going to be broke.
Get u a guy in jail. They spill their feelings out on a piece of paper
Trying to find the best way to tan my legs before Vegas
I swear when my hair is a bob it gives me black lady who asks for the vibes
Grown folks shit lol
Then you have the update
Calum Thomas Hood
what I say to myself almost every night. Unless I have something important the next day.
Is it a bad thing if I know my roommates name when been here for a week already?
3 keys to happiness: sweat, smile and repeat and with
in actual shock. Life is crazy
Omg.. we leave for one day!!
made it if they get moved back 5 yards
Our relationship in a picture
ok so I found $50 in the movie theater lobby
Just Living my life like no tomorrow
Does anyone know a good thing online where you can earn a few bucks? Could use some extra cash tbh.
So far so good ate karly
I now follow you
After having it on my to do list for 2 weeks i finally cleaned the kids closet out.
I guess he is still emotional
Who knew there was a thriving community in Batesville??
Copuchenta
glad to see that my sister and I are thinking alike
Idc if my son looks like his daddy , still tell him , He looks like MOMMY.
Shin ramyun noodle + chocolate chip cookie. Lol my breakfast is unhealthy
Yea I kinda follow my bankroll management chart today lol entered more tourneys than I
I think you get what I was trying to say though still super excited to seee where this season goes!!
100$ for a sticker for 1 year damn straight hustling Austin
Goodness
True story
Ryan bought me way too many sweets this weekend
Hahaha! I can't stop laughing at Spartacus!
M3lsh
wow! supposed to be getting cooler for a couple days. only ever been here in summer so different
Poster layzhang?
Just cause its no pictures of myself on my twitter
Thinking of making green tea and having 1 chocolate cupcake . Let's
Ugh how I felt driving up here!
It's my first time cause I have other more important priorities but I just can't resist EXO.
Thank you so much!
God never having kids
Mukhang late tayo parehas
I struggling for a lil selfie meanwhile homeboy ask for a pussy thread and these females sharing yheir vaginas with impunity but its cool
i have a.c.e sweet fantasy posters and pcs
Wouhouuu!
And u think it was easy
These guys
the come f*ck video except my follow up emails to my clients and just kindly asking them to please pay me already
But It Love Love
He really is!! He towers over other Labradors
I believe Director Danvers exists, we are blessed!!!
hello ortigas..
Yo apenas llevo 6 visitas
the brought it back
You are still my favorite go-to workout! Nobody motivates me like you do
Stop leaking my journal entries
thermal cameras can provide this action
working Monday-Thursday so I can take off all of voodoo.
La is here.
my bad probably missed though mind me
Gavin & I used kroger clicklist for the first time today and I'm not sure I ever wanna go grocery shopping again
i respect your views, i just see it personally
Check your dms
Easy lang daw.
It was a mistake coming here.
I agree but man a lot of these shots are wide open if we can just hit them
Can you share that info please? I would be happy feeling like 26 years old
I feel like a bad person writing this classification paper... lmao someone help
Corey is my mood
better than resolving it via private ambulance company-sponsored ballot measure
Haha yeah! here until end of November/early December so see
I also had tori pick up the same shift and she's going to hate me when she finds out
It's done, it's finally fucking done
cutting my hair to my shoulders wednesday finally, freaking out
If one more bad thing happens to me gonna lose my shit. Life is kickin my ass right now
You met my extended family??
Mfers be bugging up over the smallest shit
Heading back to SF
On my way!
My phone stay dry
Just threw a party last night for the boys, already planning another one for Larz
This should be fun
Truth sets them free
Lmao heard u until that imma enjoy this first place
she in a relationship but she leave this dick alone
I finally realized text to talk is so much better than actually typing. Blessed.
twitter keeps telling me i have a DM but i don't and i'm about to snap
I have dealt with it and been through a lot in my life like I said you let that shit make you .
Slippery Sundays are in full swing (64 Photos)
Here comes maxing out credit cards
Cuando tenga tlf mrc
s/o to Justin Tucker! you the Real MVP! they only pay you to kick and you shits at that! thanks tho
But for me you are always my Aggoza
i never been w a nigga that friends a hatin ass bitch but they shit anyway
The only Pok\u00e9mon Go I'm playing is Go Find Her (38 Photos)
When it comes to country girls, April takes the cake
sounding like Lucci
I'ma be out at homecoming....2019
i been sleeping all day to make the pain go away & working goodnight
I fell in love with yours, so I thought I'd give it a try
absolutely love having my own flat, imagine myself moving back home when finished uni (will inevitably happen) x
23 Hip Tats That Will Make You Feel Some Type Of Way
guess I'm eating noodles for the night..
Whew chile
Mi amiga usando gif con frases en I can't believe it!
Good Morning! Back to reality.
Cc
+2
visitor pass at the DEO though
you gone run up on who, and do what?
I've finally realized that talk to text is so much better than actually typing. Blessed.
YOURE WELCOME
good!! halfway done with first semester of grad school so barely alive but good otherwise
Thats why i told you all...
Jgn ngarep nyai ada show di luar
Jd klw dia ngemeng ape2
Yous a serious woman. I running before I get strangle tho running
Slowly catching baby fever
Lmaooo turn around haha no jk maybe less people but I doubt it
my pride is higher than my grades anuena?
You never know how much capable of doing until forced to do it alone move out nearly finished
I said I was going to go to my schools homecoming this year but Nacogdoches doesn't have an airport and that 4 hour drive is a joke
What you looking for Cuban?
Crazy Level of Fitness!!!
Amazing but I doubt I will get to these levels
had to remove that
First sem done!!
giga front
unfortunately do to events that happened while i was 25 we have to wait at least 6 months lol but then all yours
reminded me of you lol
Not sure why so jealous of everyone having babies but i am
whyyy would i do that
sorry for the word pero sakto kasi akala siguro ng mulats bns tards
Y Dening que tal?
Twice this week I have met someone, saw him again, just to found out it the person I met before.
Loool....I dey wait for you
What is happening to me
In spanish pliss
The smallest thing can make the biggest difference.... like a field goal
all the time and then i just end up not replying at all
I keep counting
Are they waiting for Yixing???
Anyone saved wondeuk meme when he was thinking??? I need that meme right now because having a headache reading all the theories
For a min I thought they was attacking us. Phew
Where were all of these amazing teachers when I was in school!
Devin asked me to go to a haunted house
I follow the subbing team but I forgot their Twitter handle. Hindi kasi GalaxySubs gamit nila.
Are you gonna put your husband before mama?
Now my Lil weight got me look marvelous
did some research then ayun emailed them somebody id haha basta hindi pinanganak ng 1999
squeeze those bun cheeks together & eat yo ass up *nom nom nom* then moan ya name..
Cuando era Rap Monster
Pero yo le digo monnie,Namjoon, Rapmon menos RM
(12)Weakness ~Yung puso ko hahaha ! tapos Family, Friends, and Math
Chris and Al are going to have to speak up tonight.
I guess this year we are making our costumes
I. Can't. Stop. Laughing.
These bad boys
And not even traveling tomorrow
contemplating starting this tonight, but I might just wait until tomorrow
So far I've figured out how to avoid them
lol my boyfriend always gives me shit because everyone in bleach is my bae
That Sunday anxiety is a real thing.
Since when are Gigi & Zayn back together ?
Yuuuuuussssss~<3 ...I'm such a sucker for doggos
Last night was legit like a class reunion. 1/5 of my class was at PNL
Sis maybe sebab ni kot ? Dia ada letak pic dekat twitter dia
Uh oh our beef is far from over now well Ion really have a favorite team but I have favorite players
Ohhhhh I got something that will work with being in school
dating a Virgo and had lots of libra friends but also a Gemini so
monday sickness kicking in
That a real thing.
I feel you on that one, me too but nah you gon see Edgar most improved player out here. Hustle outmatched lol
sexxystaceface with get_repost
PART 2 Lettssss goo What Movie is this ??? Check my last video
wow what a night
Chile this has always been Prince lol
Member this? I wish I
Ohh I even tweeted about it my bad they are talking about Aghases
Fulfilling and tiring week. I had to recover by laughing my ass off binge-watching - Jake Whitehall: travels with my father
Going to that bowling
time for a girlfriend
going to be a very long year for my Cavs. Looking very likely they will keep that pick.
That is a real thing.
Hallo fearytan
The hard part always seems to last forever
Too many decisions and not the least bit creative but I know I want to have an actual wedding or else just elope
So daily dose of caffeine is needed!
You are very much a debater.
I didn't go to school today
suppose to be double checking this hair situation lemme go do that real quick
Didn't see this coming
Apple Music or Spotify?
Awe, thank you! When I worked retail and it was slow, I would draw Baymax all the time as different characters.
Whoops~?
i didn't go to school today
Can you imagine your explanation to your parents
Got a surprise for me and shorty
payday is tomorrow and i have sooooo much shit i need to get
Pwede muchat?
Pick one
RapMonster
Pero lo pude llamar siempre fue Nam
Have no clue what would have given that away
What Monday looks like?
Pumunta ng office kahit wala naman meeting.
I have no idea what to do for my birthday this year and stressing me out already
Waiting for my car parts like
haha fuck, i was in LOVE LOVE
We both know do it again
Awww!! I'm working on a lil something for this particular photo, myself. Maybe I'll get the course to actually show you this time!
Mayne
Failed 17-0 comeback vs Redskins: not an elite
Huge 4th Q 17-0 comeback: cmon man
Me too! If you get in your feelings about you probably hang with me
We have an open relationship
nothing has ever described how feeling better than this msg
Probably for dec 24 he will have for us, the tunnel the car the man at mars and the Mecha
thank you for acknowledging the non-hangul population
I need to get out the house
+1
Going back blonde
I want new AirPods hahaha why am like this
my goodness! First time na late. 7:31
anyone else taking the act Greenville saturday
be alright
A mess
Hi Love! I wait to see you again Videocall no more!
Have to take a 5 minute break between every page
Excited to squat tomorrow. see how excited I am after I do.
Hello vinyl, goodbye savings account
sincerely scared to read this
feeling bold today
nothing more exciting than waiting for someone to fuck up, i guess
The best way to get kalibanga. Kaon lami then poop peacefully.
NAIA brought me back the memories we had during the National Edtour One year ago, same place.
sexxystaceface with get_repost
The Beginning of the END PART 1 What movie is this from??
See? A little good talk harm you. glad somehow back to your exhausted senses
I'm stuck somewhere men are trash and well.....
Men are trash
I told myself I stress this week see how this go
lol mate just letting u know this was a joke
Work and school tomorrow already tired
Get back in the game with some sexy girls in sports bras
I was just typing a beautiful and the rest was just instinct
This town is too damn small
I immediately took aspirin and have an ice pack on my head, as well as a rum and coke, should be good to go
Lol only Sunday but Club Week already has me wrecked
When we told him we are Cowboys fans, as well as our son, he told us bad parenting
sleepy + game Oregon Convention Center
Okur let me stick to breakfast and sides
Not really a Monday unless you miss the bus.
Plus we're getting Lex this season so, let's see how complicated things are gonna get
Nampak org tweet.
I hate the feeling when you feel your feet after sitting on them for too long
My hobbies include walking around the apartment holding Flynn like a baby and rocking him. ridiculous
If you've got long legs it would be best to show them off (35 Photos)
just saying we know his sexuality so please jump to conclusions
Looks like I'm going to escape
Support nalang kita
Everytime I got into Target I walk out with a new sweater/hoodie
how you been? deffff been a min since we spoke
not sure if this funny or tragic but it made me realize little things like this still stings ... a little ...
4. Im a straight gal but sometimes acts gay
Roflol, that's a fact.
Last night was definitely one for the books
They always think of stomach bugs and disease
Twitter is really it tonight
Lowkey mood last night.
wheeeeew, the adult tryna be
JAJAJA
Follow me?
Hip hop dance genre, energetic bass , rhythmical bass and fress acapella. So what genre?
I gave 0 fucks last night even my little sister caught a body
Some Sunday underboob to calm the nerves (49 Photos)
YAYYYYY
now I want a king sized candy bar lol
Say She Like My Swag Whole Lotta Money In My Bag
Old account got suspended! still working on finding everybody I used to follow.
dua dm/access ?
Stage 5 : Bcash
When you trade a few words with another racer and decide to drive a little angry
I eaten dinner and I smell all kinds of food...idk if from outside or inside my own house
oh okay use that one heh seems i look before i spoke
I love you too
Go Kansas City!! Chieeeeeeeeeeefs!
New binds and instant
Happy belated on the Sunday before Toronto Election Day!!!
goodmorning crushhh goodmorninggg
That's better than what I could do
Im going to riot if we have new playoff scarfs. what gives!!!!
love a Xeno Warriors right about now... also be grateful for another N3DS port of at all possible
I actually disappointed believe it or not
cute
I hope Cleveland shows me a good time this weekend
I need a job
Someone appreciate my selfies
Yonitale: Public masturbation of Ariel (Lilit A)
What dumb shit did you do this time
Can someone else pick my future for me????? The pressure is real
I know
Si .. mucho mas
On dirait hein
Went to the library to study, didnt study the whole 3 hours I was there
This tattoo got me scared to take a shower
yet you posted this emoji earlier??
Did I just scare someone with my existence
I want to get my first tattoo from tattoo artist so I still have a couple of years to think what get
Just finished filming a demonstration video for my class...and realized wearing a Resident Evil shirt. Whoops
Is it bad that I want to do a solo EE speedrun of Blood even though the EE has been torturing me for the last few days?
University Life Day 433:
I cried for 12 seconds just now and realized I even have time to cry. Back to work.
lol jk pls go find a spoon
Day three without caffeine and barley surviving
Its good hahahha crazy people will be crazy forever
Before I get famous im deleting this Twitter
sure he is still there
Goodbye sun
I should leave the forest before it gets dark
Far right
I just introduced this woman in the gym to portrait mode.
so ugly without my lashes
I think that was the perfect description for mine too They
Safe flight home ..
Im starting my nervous stomach until you safely arrived at SK..
And.. wish me
Over 5 &1/2 years and I still know why Dillan chose me to be his girlfriend. He knows so many pretty/ nice girls and he picked me.
OHHHHH
Okay I get it now
think I might just cancel the next Trenton Punk Rock Flea Market for myself
I'll meet you half way...Just a little Making improvements at least!
i thought i loved working early and getting off at 1pm.. until i realized i just sleep all day because always tired
True story
niggas take rejection to the heart , sheesh
Watching the chiefs rn i like watching Patrick Mahomes
I would like to say "Yes" but NO
Goodluck future CPA! Graduating?
Wait a minute, Renesmee Cullen is the Nutcracker!?!? Why do I feel like a proud parent!?
What is sembreak?
on a dat Drop Dead Fred is on
ok ok 2014 Lerkeisha, we have Kay; the gentlemen on a couple pause tho..but in due time
I managed to move it thank goodness
of course you agree. you are a typical white man who looks like you had everything handed to you.
Nah extra I hit yall with the facetimes
Yo tampoco
.
I never said I wanted to have nightmares
I'm sorry but I'm so used to see ppl hating on them that I'm always really defensive
I think that scene has been confirmed to be real, ever. However, I can say that that scene
Low key my life is wild af
but master in hospitality kira dah bole kawen la sis .. nnt future hb feel comfort n satisfied je ... bukan calang2 ni
first day of work!
If did a cover of Beyonce's "I Was Here" I think that would be the end of me their voices + those
Me and Rica still tryna figure out who catch us
Definitely
Almost home from Kentucky I've missed Ohio so much and it's only been a day
What if this is a sign to a better life
Good Ole Jeffy Boy!
You gotta love his Mix-tard!!!
I can't swim. But i can flout. The story of my life. MM
Same though
Hahaha I'm about to flood your DMs before I make the next one
I thought the bitch threw up
not
Glad I made the cut
I would save him If I could
I pray for our future generation. Even more now after seeing this
tackling is all fun and games until is put in front of you
Me at work madame banyak fansnya wkkwwk
Is it that uncommon for a first?
Ohhhhh why I like them so much
People love but hate us
Worst acting since bill and Ted
Good job siggy our team even on and your asking for challs
Oh dba. Less hassle monday ako. Hihi
Got everything together for Tamales. Now I just gotta wait
Quero
The days where I do nothing usually seem to go by fastest
Lolllll I just watched this the other day too & I was beyond words afterwards
Move df around
Here are pics of Sommer Ray because we kept getting emails about her and she\u2019s a 10 (30 photos)
Bodybuilder Amber Abweh is the real life 'Swoleesi' (26 Photos)
Happy Hump Day Everyone!
I answered a bunch of random questions on Facebook it was fun
Yes I turned around and went back home after leaving for dub because I left all my lipsticks
Yeah it suck but I even know if I could handle a relationship rn
I was trying to buy baby bottles and got so many levels of stressed
Would be nice but don't have a boo to do this too lol
Lol but his some any dumb tweet. just offensive
Just ate a disgusting amount of sushi
SOS someone teach me how to do my make up...
'Facts and Chicks' is the most informative eye candy there is (30 Photos)
True
Yesterday was fun but so tired now. getting old
I just googled text
Got dressed for the gym now trying to get the motivation to get off the couch and go
I know $RVN will go higher but I want to lock in profits my $RVN bag is big and officially paid for its self
First time at Tjmaxx that I buy anything... in shock
Maybe I should go back to my state fair routine and shave a leg a night
Never watched it
You have to name the movie. I struggle with movie names and a lot of cultural references
Cuz done took my wife salty
back to work tomorrow, weekends are never long enough
waiting since forever
My life got busier and my room got messier
Someone just randomly payed for my state fair ticket
I would do this to my sister, but she would absolutely kill me afterwards
BORA GANHAR SEGUIDORES
DE FAV E RT PRA ESPALHAR
COMENTE PARA INTERAGIR
SEGUE QUEM DEU RT
Fuuuuck
It'll be 3 weeks for me this week.
Not yay, dis is too much money, but you guys are rad
Guys out here telling me how happy they are I added them back on snap.
Yet hung up on someone I barely get a text back from
BORA GANHAR SEGUIDORES
DE FAV E RT PRA ESPALHAR
COMENTE PARA INTERAGIR
SEGUE QUEM DEU RT
Girls will sing this in front of their new man then go home and ask their ex why they talk to them
I'm too early
I really want to karaoke for some strange reason
sooooo this happened about a week ago
So anxious to start my new job tomorrow idk if be able to sleep.... and I have to be up in 8 hours
ohhhh yeah i remember now
Love or acads? I can do both, pero Acads syempre
Rem is just laying on the bed growling at the wall....
Why do I always wait to do laundry until so much annoying?
BORA GANHAR SEGUIDORES
DE FAV E RT PRA ESPALHAR
COMENTE PARA INTERAGIR
SEGUE QUEM DEU RT
Lol remember prohibition?!
I didn't end up having a drink the whole game (rare!), but I am having my 2nd one now
some of my family/friends think go all the way until my due date and will go into labor soon..... we will see
My story looks SO bad
BORA GANHAR SEGUIDORES
DE FAV E RT PRA ESPALHAR
COMENTE PARA INTERAGIR
SEGUE QUEM DEU RT
30 weeks tomorrow & these last couple weeks are dragging by
The moment that person said 'japanese product' .. I was like 'WHAT?!?! '
The masks looks like Mexican Presiden Elect AMLO
Damn fr? not even excited to go anymore honestly lol. probably wait to see it
OR chief todayyyy. Better than staying at OPD though
Another Trump's Secrets of my Success meme via - - enjoy
via
BORA GANHAR SEGUIDORES
DE FAV E RT PRA ESPALHAR
COMENTE PARA INTERAGIR
SEGUE QUEM DEU RT
turned the corner with my shopping cart to witness someone's children doing this......
Got the shakes ion like this
100% sure of that
I am so scared.. last kopek..
You've got a beautiful reflection (41 Photos)
heyo fellow bi here feel free to DM
Bump update 1 week and 4 days until I get induced so I can meet my little man
Yes rock your promise ringggg
Maaaan gone drag my ass to hell & back
I love when off on the weekends, we are both such homebodies
JAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJA NO TE PASES
Just another skinny white girl showing off her somewhat of an ass [f]
so this happened about a week ago twitterverse gets to hear the news first!
I liked a video No Problem, Im An Elementary Student Too..
Any 70's ? Remember these good times
I miss my bacon....
Kind of emotional video going up today like fuck you can hear it in my voice
Ga bs move on dr Finn Nelson
It might be your glasses...?
AHAHAHAH OU DE
Did she replace their couch?
Dear lord, no repeats of the first offense and no driving
There are actual people out there who are interested in buying my photos wow
Day 4 of having a throbbing headache
My moms favorite team is the Bengals. Tonight is interesting for sure
I want one! So cute! (Congrats for winning the cup btw )
True... True...
these updates are being made faster than the speed of light
im saying i cant keep up with it
their offense so nice tho
you miss much
Say yes to Green hair agaiiiin
Is it you know im still keep updating about your life haha .. Idk why
Wait, dont you have school Thursday?
the first avatar is back
Big pile of wood/sticks=fun for these guys Manteca, California
Hmm... I think try it for the first time tonight to see how it affects me tomorrow at work
If anyone has the full version of this photo please, can you share it?
I was just saying in the gc I rate him
How do I just see this
Oh really
Thanks so much for telling me
Yes I know so expensive
Can I nut in you? Wasted question
Last night got the best of me
Bitch im so fat, ass always spoiling me on dates haha wait for home cooked meals and mad salads I love you
I need this. Even though it doesn't get that cold in Texas
I think I take tooo many naps
Bentley is officially asking about God. This is a lot harder than I thought
You'll shoot everyone oof
LOL, white don't like (((Weinstein)))!
Has anyone ever really -listened- to the lyrics of Two? Cuz... I was just listening to it on my way home from work and dayum boy.
So I babysat 46 hours during the week and 4 hours today....
So almost a mom!
Broooooo ready
How do you live
G'morning y'all
When you tell your yourself you're going to therapy but really go to the bar instead for a cold one
You know the wrong candidate when you have trouble saying not
Sou trem bala poow
dis is so true
I had my wallet with me but my checkbook was in my purse
I kinda want someone this nasty
Good pussy cost
Everyone with all these nice coming out stories then there's me being told I wasn't bicurious and to "stop trying to follow a trend"
already gonna skip class tomorrow
Today has been very productive
Willing ko basol men, pero kinsa nga maestra? Daghan ang naas lista nako pero exclude the death part
Few More Months
Currently baking a pumpkin roll & taking shots of whiskey with my step dad
He was.
had to slow me down and explain it.
Now, what happens to your message when I
Yeah he really like that
oh my!
Trey young real
Eh, okay with it. found quite the introvert so I have to retreat to my room sometimes
I expected comic con to be a bunch of weirdos but it was really cool
I hate when mfkers post pictures, but not in the picture fr.
Well said. We still need to be happy in doing these things. We are not robots that just have to work and work
Oh I thot they lost
Jinhwan did general cleaning on his ig feed like yo boy deleted 52 photos for aesthetic purpose
I misspelled what I said. Spelling of 's a pity
I know they say nothing good comes easy but fuck, I really think shit would be this hard
My car is about to smell like rotten milk from now till forever.
Mfs be having me so fucked up, until I say something & then chill
something been telling me play the mega million
Vai tremida mrm
you're the only one check your tweak.
peep the name
when you watch playhouse because of school bawi ako next week :))
Ay scammas. Why can't be fam when you're far from each other?? Okke hype end.
M-maybe it was I do say it a lot
I got the juice , I got the flair. You compete, you compare
Imma miss this hotel food
Gaps can help cure the Monday Blues (31 Photos)
Ok...we can laugh later
mouf*
Last year now it was 2-6. As long as they remain competitive.
Lets see when dis edible kick in
Homemade Turkish Pide. 100% from scratch. Took like three hours to make and then like three minutes to eat.
got a bit tied up
TU JURAAAAAAAAA
Relaxing Seoul for Suga and Fashionable Seoul for V. Sorry im looking foward for Suga Relaxing Seoul
ufa...
Hey your death count had a 1 in it just like his
Ya en serio
Thank God
Me to George
actually craving for this roti
Waiting is no joke, this is nerve-wracking for me too.
I still love you tho! 4-1 bolts all the way!
am i the only one who feels like we grew up too fast?
Xemnas the superior is looking for you.
How you will dare to punch him?
But he slices
Thanks pal
all because i like talking otp unless facetime
Is the Apple Watch worth it? Definitely not asking for a friend
literally put the flags out if and when Joshua sleeps through the night
Primetime Bengals.. gotta love it
Llama riding might actually be a thing in Fortnite soon
Gym life is the best life.
just going to mind my business bc........
I named my guinea pig after Gizmo back in middle school
so skinny and have no waist but still cute :3 sometimes
Wish I still had the video of me singing on my phone
Her dad is big and scary
Me and little dale went for a walk
Brothers tonight. Brawling buddies tomorrow
I slept for 17 hours. I woke up and know what day it was or if it was the morning or night time. Woooo
Still accurate a year later
I misspelled what I said. Spelling of 's a pity
J'ai mal ce que
anyone who knows me and my roommate my agree this is us
I'm older than the leader! HAHAHAHA. ANY NOONA CARATs there that's also older than Seungcheol? Let's be
What does it say?
Been awhile since I went to a bar to drink... gonna feel this tomorrow
She used to be one
One of my main motivators for getting professional family pictures with the pups was to have a bomb ass Christmas cards
I just saw Free Solo and holy shit Alex honnold is incredible. My hands were so sweaty the entire time.
gag is that he is a white a supremacist too! Jokes on us ugh overachievers
Did exactly what I said I do ., all to end up where I said I !
Insanity is me. I am insanity
I compared my before pictures to now of my weight loss and so fucking proud of myself. im still not done
92 two way stretch grind nba2k19 !SUB !TWITCH: via
That's beautiful
Haha, don't congratulate me, congratulate For a smaller DC con that's been
When bitches in ya starting lineup start hanging out together just gotta pray you not the topic
cant learn if you dont persue knowledge by asking questions.
I say that when I always wake up with a hangover LOL and then somehow I end up drinking and getting the hang
thought about it too! just lazy and wanna
Ainda vou aprender
We started watching ANTM from the beginning in June and have just finished the last episode they have on Hulu. 5 months well spent
Wild V is coming back !
i just got out of work
You are beautiful back at you bby
My palms just got a little clammy
whyyyyy immediately
I told to remind to take the trash out in the morning.... hopefully I remember now
Okay
doing far better than i was bout a weeek ago
Almost got a heart attack watching that skins game
Praying for strength this whole month cause I'm tired
just like Just like CNN & black liberals call a negro. here's a closet penis sucker trying to guilt
yeah but forget to smile like this always
I always been one
Seen a fresh ass jacket in the Southland mall. I was so shocked
How to be you?
I miss those days!!! Would rly help me out since im back in uni
I see what you did there
Orientation tomorrow
Just booked all our tickets for our trips & so excited but my bank account rn is looking kinda sad
Va Hi Nv Va
your brother doing? I hope he recovers soon! My brother?? I think thinking of my cousin
Good morning. 5 years na pala
Ohio State, the Browns and the Blue Jackets all lost. let me down Bengals
BH and BTS enable us to use our brain cells and make them functional for analytical stuff such as this.
Damn, my first time being the SOLE beneficiary of life insurance. really grown grown.
Lmao never actually thought about this ... idk
I'm older than the leader! HAHAHAHA. ANY NOONA CARATs there that's also older than Seungcheol? Let's be
Out of 1,506 successful applicants, 400 lang kukunin nila
At least you're not alone ..
Twitter is a dangerous place
What Sign Is Really Better Than Us Cancer's ? Noneee
No be my fault
Me with Starbucks
thank you!
This week's music will be dedicated to finding Christmas songs for my Christmas playlist
been in tacobell drive thru for 30 mins
Going to sonic
Oooh yes a very accurate representation
For the first time ever 65 degrees felt cold to me. I think been in the south for too long
So someone was in my house earlier playing their music but I figure out who haha cool
Hi Queen you should listen to this podcast. You were mentioned [in a positive way naman].
Is it showing as orange? It's supposed to be red
Sunday tho
Nah worms are still here. Gabe found 3 dead ones and said smashed and but still here
only 56 wins
Alli tienes a tus barbones
Lol I wish I could see how my life is gonna work out
Rewind back to earlier today.. Fuck
This is the cutest thing ever. My little brother and I are very similar, but he embarrasses me
Ahh Mercy wants Lena to be that Evil Luthor!
Someone go see A Star is Born with me lol
3 months later and wedding thank yous are done
But the officiating lose you that game lmfao. Bad calls happen, but not fixing games
even start my new job yet & already a conference call fuck it just sit my ass on the couch while getting paid ..
BORA GANHAR SEGUIDORES
DE FAV E RT PRA ESPALHAR
COMENTE PARA INTERAGIR
SEGUE QUEM DEU RT
Besides the fact my pants, undies and socks are soaked
i even feel like moving but i have got to wash my hair and get my clothes in the dryer.. or never happen
I think and I are texting each other back so fast rn to avoid studying
just ready for my baby too be my baby
Sometimes I swear my twitter acct. Or app I should say. Seems to follow people on its own anymore. Lol
After u patted other cat
Follow Us
"Let the Mug do the talking 4 U
me: Jimin e Jungkook
normal ter 2 utts?!
Pf me respondam
You got my hopes up for a second sis thought that I found another Albanian bestie
so jacked get to help with this well Wyatt was invited so inviting myself
Planga-plongo in the morning.
from minang.kocak - Planga Plongo aja lu
-
A veces no peyo con
I took in total almost 3 years in breaks from college
You mean this year's Downsizing? The fact that Robert Zemeckis is behind it doesn't
lol technically shutterfly made it but I organized the photos to put in it
Lol mine says Dressing Well. That's not right either!
You walking dead mob are strange.
Got it
can't wait to see the end result!
also I've been having the exact same problem with people
Ok cool, but why?
wow congrats Jaren!
how I met him
As always hopped on ESPN after they went 1-2 and people who get paid to be an analyst talking bout
start training for my new position in quality tonight & im nervous
Bad Ideas to kick-off the week (79 Photos)
Only if this was Reality
it be nice if babies knew what or be there in a meant so stop crying
I spend my free time looking up beach houses on Zillow & acting like I can actually afford one
You are. Eight mile shawty
I never thought a person could lose a game of heads or tails till I played it with a 6yr old.
I'd probably be better at it if I did it more often than once every 6 years...
I really have so much to say but ya girl is working on being a better person lol
Me after every 3months working
The story hadn't even started yet. So hokey. I mean, it was so obvious, I wouldn't have thought they'd do it.
No. I really like ice cream or anything of the sort but I have a craving so here I am.
last night of freedom before joinin the world again.
Abort mission na. Haha
"Return Of The Kings" naks lakas maka Lord Of the Ring.
(unit weight x height)
paki-compute naman ng pressure na nararamdaman ko rn
i can never keep a job cause a mf wanna mind their own damn business
Overstimulation vidz ...omg
Riding my bike on the freeway and a spider crawls down my visor that helmet is getting burned
I remember buying the Superwoman (Fabolous ft. Mo) single one a CD
Kareem Hunt is eating early tonight
Just had my first crunch wrap Obsessed
amoy mamahaling fabric conditioner ba kisses?
Not at all, I usually research on the seiyuus for every anime I watch
Hope your eye is okay
Been pretty blessed w/ a easy pregnancy but these hormones really be out of control some days
Oh. Ya we just laid in bed all morning, pretty dehydrated as well I had to keep a water bottle next to me
Daily reminder fe sa2f odty
Is just a mood tho
Same! Your art of him is beautiful. When are you reopening your shop so I can buy more prints?
Un abacho
ITS MY 21st BIRTHDAY I had sooo much fun lastnight I forgot to take pictures so what
I should have never left you
Face of a man who has gased himself up too much, then reality sinks in!
i think ever want a boyfriend. i be chilling so hard. niggas get close to my heart
bro... I almost just fucken died on the freeway... thank god okay not today satan
I honestly even checked my bank account all weekend homecoming szn will get you caught up
Codi thought I was mad at him yesterday so it made him sad so him being sad made me sad.
I met the best nurse practitioner ever the other day, and now thinking to myself I wanna go back to school to be like her
on a scale of 1-10 how trash do I look?
AT&T MX LTE
Oh sorry .. not almost .. but it's already been a decade..
*memory gap*
Ufa
I just liked so many tweets in a row before I realized that might be annoying
Almost home!! I just wann...oh chun thats Nebraska in Brule
I should probably get round to completing it then far too lazy
got a beautiful reflection
I'm so disappointed in Kurt.
Chambeando ando...
Gotta thug it out
I wish I had friends to go to the movies with
okay. Let me paraphrase. I play live
Hip:Waist Ratios that demand to be seen (30 photos)
Well maybe you should move to her & let her be your sugar momma
This defense is living on a prayer.
And look like Hannibal Lecter?? No, thanks.
Guilty they think I'm crazy
I thought talking to you been awkward but I guess not
Throne of Glass. I would be done with it except laundry to be folded and babies to be cared for
i'll be forever proud of getting tears out of the king! !!!
Signature smile ?
sideways
Haha get a lil creative with your imagination
Nah My Life Lowkey Lit
I think I shall pass as the next bearer of this suit
OK! This joke is DISGUSTING, APPALLING and PROBABLY racist!!
Oh, and I'm retweeting it!!!!
I came a long way almost halfway there.
We need a Taco Bell in Orwell. starving
Now yuh Kno how things looking on my ends
I need more time
After numerous viewings I still figure out what happened
Oiah!!
I wait to give my all to ya
gonna be walking in front of 40,000 people next week. Wish me luck
In 48 days when I get around to making a graphic for my debt, I'll join in
Ve
blusa bonita
When you watch a concert video back and all you hear is your ugly ass singing
got me cracking up today
My sister had been living in corpus for 2 years now and this is the first time come to visit her lol
Okay why the emoji as your folder title along with mono?
My attempt at a recreation
Wow it's a good thing I had a mask on because I was a second away from crying the whole time.
cmon we don't listen to this song if we are not intending to remember the bathroom scene
pretty sure phone is dead and ive blown his shit up.. gonna hate me when he charges it
Lol the emoji
Twins
can we pretend I have a birthday this year ask what doing or what I wanna do, prob drink wine & sleep all day lol
I just referred to a driver as a patient. I need a day off.
The Fed ohh.. The Fed
When he turns you tf fuck on just by doing nothing... Damn
What's with the "", Namjoon?
At first i thought he was Jurgen Klopp
Julio profe
Thank you worked really hard on it
I was having the time of my life lol I might even carve a pumpkin this year
"Only 727 days until 2018 US midterms."
I remember this like it was 711 days ago.
Mine, not yours thou
thanks dude! still wish I knew how to make vocal chops as good as you
I am younger than YB but I am definitely OB
I slept only 15 minutes last nighttttt
Lol thanks. A from one of our friends on here
Worst night
I respond fast out of habit and it kinda bothers me
I love you!!!! Always was my fan thank you babe I got you with some videos soon might need you to do
She probably would've gotten away if it was a movie written today. At least to make it to the campsite and warn the others.
Who tryna take me out?
I miss his show!
thank god, cry if I
Now that is definitely something I could see them doing
Yes. Please.
Please don't.
I have 2 very sick children and my husband goes back to work for the week tomorrow.....fml
Why are you single? B/C crazy as they say but I be chilling until you play with me
oof we used to have one of those too yeehaw
I night not have an older sister to go out w but i have and older brother que me sigue el pedo
just like Just like CNN & black liberals call a negro. here's Alex Beaven a closet
Wala plano Faam
Joe on Man in the High Castle looks like this guy I dated earlier this year (and it did not end well) so now I kinda hate his guts.
Hope it pours tomorrow
Sad, I wish they were still a thing but I still see in concert sometimes so okay
This is what GA missed. We got all the smoke thanks for sharing! Beautiful!
Eh... I may be TOO friendly.
He is. kind of got a beard and tattoos. Who knows... I may have my own Bray...
I might not have an older sister to go out w but i have and older brother que me sigue el pedo
Shy
To think at this time yesterday I was on a rooftop lit. what a life.
Last night was so bomb son
Someone who has appeared on NST is working alongside me too and hello person in green, blue and hippie looking guy
Purple Tie !matches the butterfly bush blooming outside I see it alot, just on Shania Twain
I think talking about you
This is my first experience with froyo
My friend gave me her jacket to cover my boobs up in the restaurant
en que momento hemos pasado de roiwarmicky en tcms a aitanawarmicky en tcms
Namjoon we are really excited for your 'Playlist'. I can't wait.
Why ' mono' btw
sometimes I despise working with other business majors ... we all be the boss my dude
Invest in yourself
I saw a really attractive girl at work kay?
Smiles like these make you want to root root root for her team (30 Photos)
need some of that rn
My bad girly! I misread
I went from wanting to do hoodrat things with my friends to teaching my son how to do hoodrat things
Gada muka cute nya Kento Momota
It would be a sin to forget them
you gonna regret it if you lose her sia bro..if I were you, I would treasure her like hell and I be so afraid to lose her
ready to meet my baby omg I hate that so inpatient...
Thank you so much!! So glad you like it, was fun to do but took a long time
Cause baby , i would be one emotional crying ass drunk this week
Can't wait
long ass session, ofc yi wins me games
went to church for the second week in a row
Man these want no smoke
Trying to speak it into existence
about to watch V.H.S. with lena and already scared
why are you calling me out like that?!
well at least not just me
Saints win, time with friends, and Gumbo.... not many things better. Enterprise, Nevada
Haha my host dad got it out for me Not sure if he killed it or just sent it free but gonna hope for the first option
Baton Rouge traffic is fckin terrible
thinking bout the first time , thinking bout our last time , let that be our last time !!!
haha i figured you would be but smut takes so long to write and i didn't want to edit it all
Thanks! I did it myself the other night
Washed Up Walkons Podcast just hit 10,000 total listens you guys are insane. Thank you for listening. We hope this is just the beginning.
That tittle emoji
MONO
The Haunting of Hill House is good
getting cold niggas bout to give you every valid reason why his dick got to be in your mouth
This is lowkey weak
No. Look at the bag, look at her style
Wow I'm sore from jumping off balconys yesterday
I have no friends and no babysitter pre-babies I'd be all over that... in Cali
Gonna let my eyebrows grow out again
Yo explicando por que soy exagerada
Lol...Black people like to take on other people 's struggles and make them their own
uffff!
Get back in the game with some girls in sports bras (31 Photos)
Or else ima just start fading on sight wit some of you
Absolutely lost at this point
hahahahaha story of my life
How better feel
no meat for 2 weeks
I have the worst luck
do you still need a partner ??
My brother came home with his a truck and a puppy see how toby feels about that
Parck respecter woma
That's a Powerful Kitty!!!
48. he's a saxophone player, he does cross country and track, he's a whole sly ass, sweet and caring, still a little intimidated by me
So tempted to rewatch meteor garden 2018.
Been doing a lot of both! This boy is really just being severely stubborn
Craving hibachi
I surprise myself every time I do something creative Sometimes I forget what my vision + actions can be
Feeling bad for all the nice people who have to deal with me
Maybe do you know the time MONO will be released??? And if it will be for free or ITunes?? I'm lost
Son las 3 am sigo y trabajo a las 8
My dark circles are on a whole another level
No yo de shipp ya
Soon!
This place legit has everything but im too scared to ask where the bathroom is. severely need to pee
can we be partners? I need a partner too
Once again my Aries slander comes to haunt me
Was about to order a new set of gear today, but then got laid off from work
Were gunna have to sit outside the library
Tb
(not tagging bc I did this last week but I changed my home screen and have new if you
My dick should be sucked right noooow
Ohhh nice, my iPhone 6s just started dying randomly and clicking where it wants so I got Samsung galaxy 9s a month ago damn
Miss them sm Surge is such a bitch
hopefully you'll never need this, but you can have it on speed dial just in case
Or why they only wash their hair when they go to shower? I mean, why just the hair?
Petra somehow needs to know about this stat I mean until Tuesday
Thanks for the heads up Hoping that tickets are relatively inexpensive because I seen a headlining show
I always seclude myself from guys thats why my friends are always girls or discreet gays . Im scared guys will
researching YT vids on how to apply shimmer cream early on a Monday morning
Good morning friends. Stream
Everything has been shit lately. Hoping things get better and I see my name on that list tomorrow
When you die in COD you reincarnate as one of those donnies
Jay put it on this chick and never looked back
Literally just 100 girls in sports bras because why not
just saw U in DC Sooooooo funny THINK U found and watched you for a year now LOVE U I
No le entiendo me puedes explicar
I want my short black hair back but do I really want to commit to short hair again ?
Hell I been that drunk in awhile jk I was Wednesday night
I realize it until now, but I really did wait 2 months just to save it for this occasion
Sorry about that and that sounds sweet looking out for your mate
I was going to take an beautiful ethereal photo of my food... But I was too hungry and forgot
Shoulda know by the tag.
Grown lady just told me woman will cheat on your ass & never find out
heard that
face when he realised he got through!
Seriously through, super happy and proud! wait to
Hi Kimi Chan .Are You okay
I MEAN
Productive in another way
Hi Kimi Chan .Are You okay
I'm predicting 6m overnight followed by 8m consolidated
BIG YIKES
Why it's like he's separate from them?
Don't tell me he said to EXO members that uncomfortable)
look better
Think I pulled my hamstring muscle or something last night
I really dont knew that dunya mai itne bhee farigh log hain
yes po
lmao the timeline became chaotic again
Welp I think has possibly talked me into getting a truck in the next few weeks
Now we wait
Thankyouuu soo muchh Di lovely edit.. And really sorry for late reply Not active much here
Last first 6am conditionings start tomorrow the only I cry about
This movie is literally 10 years old already.
rip to me. going to be disappointed again when i go home this weekend
I was about saying the same thing
why I said 2020, hopefully have some traveling funds by then
I wonder who is more sick after this Sunday, me or
Glad to know not the only one but we love hard lol
I stress eat.
Me
It can't be that bad
Couldnt be more agree with your review. Pantesan abis nonton dan selama menonton rasanya kok aneh ya..
BN macai they said
Ugh fuck this feeling rn
One shot at a time
10/18/18
But how can she do that from prison
I can't watch it ( maybe ) since it's title is super scary.
Kemeja putih 70ribu di H&M
Happy monday tetep semangat gaes...
Me before I open my bank app after a long weekend
Cold morning
Yes Shain
I'll come there with UFO-ssi
I really am my own aesthetic goals.
Having the typa night that calls for a bubble bath and a drink
Now this is one Genesis I'd listen to all day (24 Photos)
I need a government like this
If i see someone up after 4 am (that have a baby) I automatically assume they smoke crack... idk why I do this
Too many awards going on that i totally forgot bout this one!!
Congrats for winning this
I think come to the conclusion that bisexual/pansexual but never completely sure so lemme overthink it a lil more
Not at all snowflake. He's just ashtonished how Beligerant Guillum sounds!!His opponent is what FL. elected
Sorry for all this 911 shit, I'll stop now
Abaaaw sa circle of friends, dow ako nalang ang wala lovelife haw?
Uuuuuuum coz am sweet na isliye
I would fucking eat it on the second jump
Im not talking about OP characters lol if I was only 2 of them might still be on the list
I don't have an iPad, but Pro on Mac is awesome
you know fucked when listening to self-improvement podcasts
Decided to play again
I'm not leaving the house so I'm good
This is how you keep relationships alive
Jay put it on this chick and she never looked back . Her reasoning has gonna eschew lol
i finally bought a new phone
so she was saying like her entire existence has been damaged by that one huh? i just need to laugh
WOW OKAY THIS DOESNT MAKE ME SAD AT ALL
Only four more hours
The profile picture confirmed he's a JIN STAN
glad you liked this episode! gonna probably start recording the series and eventually catch up.
I'm so afraid that if I start buying those I won't be able to stop
Zi yu had a good day? child so sporty
I forgot not everyone have watched it so this was a spoiler
I hope you will enjoy the drama &
I may or may not have a slight crush on someone
Thanks!
Haha! That sounds painful
Minus being jittery because at this point the coffee just keeps me from having caffeine headaches
I know the next style I want
Good morning I'm back
I heard drinking pickle juice is a good hangover cure
Hey sorry tapi tweet awak em
Happy Halloween! I actually managed to finish a festive picture in time I will also apparently never scan my
Fuck luke if he stay with KCP and still bench SVI and Johnathan
glad I ant them
i dont get these
well~
I looked turnt in the second picture
22 year olds are the most mature/got their shit together people in the world until they turn 25 and are on the verge of a mental breakdown
Gotta let them actually see me
After undas ?
thank you love drop
Me and been driving for like 2 years
morning anj yes?
facts
too exhausted and annoyed to say anything to anyone directly Anyway they just come back with
Yo?
Somethings have to change to get to where you wanna be in life
We all are hun so go pack ur clothes just in case
RunBTS! ep 64 confusion
I was until late on Saturday night
He said bought
I love it boss photos aye he had a great time had to add a photo of lovern my cup of tea
+2
Just bought 10 lotto tickets. So please wish me luck
kite dh lama suka kat awak awwwww terima kasih. really appreciate that. have a good day
not leaving yet
Girls Caught On Cam With Some Shades On Their Eyes
en tuiter venimos a reclamar (casi como deporte )
si no le gusta, vaya a facebook a dar likes a wawas feas
I honestly even know how cocaine actually even feels because I only ever do it when I drunk af and need to perk it back up
Why would you ever get out of bed?
Is it true whenever you take a step, you cause a small earthquake?
Or in that suit
Sorry for the wrong upload
Except for the part
Ahem. That was supposed to say off
I knew I could count on your expertise thank you so much!!!!
Geez, that must have been a ruff drive home
It was such a great decision! No regerts
I just spent wayyy too much on underwear but stupid comfy
My stomach when I eat lactose
the shortest that you would day ?? Like if that
stop saying that... i never ask u to stop sending right??? i just wanna talk to u but u keep on sending them
Literally just listened to that not even 5 minutes ago
Im so sick of this years cowboys team bro
De verdade
Wtf
trusting this products so I gotta let me know
such a bad runner that I can walk a mile in the same amount of time that I can run it smh this is why
Try looking up something called orcpub? It helps set stats and stuff. Also a pdf of the guidebook
deadly sins. Seven ways to
Gotta beat my max zombies wave of 34. Come hangout and see the chaos
Speak for yourself! I can't take the stress did totally love it though. Near the end when Karen
They sure as hell need it if they are in the hospital
Haha....why Snow Prince, because of the hair?
had plenty of practice down thru the years
I have a yuta regular pc if you wanna trade for the jaehyun pc
This week san jose california oct 26-28
If Honey Boo Boo go home tonight I will probably not watch DWTSJ again
Pretty much looking like me when i'm dressed up; but my tie is orange...
I was about to clock out & then my manager asks if I could stay for another 2 hours
my baby mama harder than a lot of you niggas...
Rimjob Cumshot Compilation 4v
Udh mirip mas minhyon kn kalau ga mirip bae bae lh tipis-tipis
Slept in the day time
Broke my diet so bad gotta get back to it lol
Is that a question or exclamation mark?
Okay, not then, afford to go to California
Que fase mn, q faseeeeee
I mean guys! Between fighting ISIS and a there isn't much difference. I mean, have you seen all previous seasons
Samantha ; yes , yes;coffee milk and
that includes dick
Every once in awhile Andy has to dip back into the Alex Smith playbook
vu
Austin being in a time zone 7 hours ahead of me is not fun Like he told me goodnight at 4pm. been so
my first year using it.. so far it just makes me cry.
Being nice really get you nowhere
I still get nerves when I'm about to DJ
domingouuu rs
May nalang jud wa mi nidayon sa pldt. Every day I see 3 tweets maximum from random friends about how they suck
Take care always WWHJin!!
gotten so good at hiding my feelings all my family and friends forget i have em
I miss you... I really should of took my chance with you. Better hurry before too late
Oh my Sana is wrecking me again sorry i still love u though
MUCHOS MB PARA MI GUSTO TODO EL SACRIFICIO QUE PARA DESCARGARME LAS CANCIONES LA
9 games later and definitely feeling it
Bruv stop
Cracked my phone...again
gettin cold but i like it
Thats one mad girl
Its kathleen
Waiting sa meryenda or lunch belated DonBinits. pwede na ss new year trenta na ii.
The tour went from 5 to 3, then to 2, and now back to 3. all make it to
Usually I just
"So... What do we do here? " casually
supposed to b the 23rd why are ppl saying tonight
Feels good exporting hella projects
I be doin my own hair
I thought I was the only one
Everyday late
Been waiting for a long time.
For females with them boney ass niggas, they cant protect you from the cold weather coming through
Scorpio season
girl, I eeeeeenn .. sounds good though
face when the song came on tho
been playing AC:O all day, I have no life I leveled up 4 ranks
9. What I hate most about myself
My skin I have a terrible skin and it makes it hard for me to walk around confidently bc of it hehe
I am on a student discount. Hulu and Spotify for $4.99 for both
thanks, hon, I needed that
glad bangs are not real, but the more pressing issue is what are they going to do with hair?
We totally meant fans. Our bad
You remember Yesss
Mine
I should go to sleep because when sleeping I over think everything
~and i officially ended it today. changed header
Bath**** lol. Didn't catch that one!
And you liked my tweet.
I KNOW you want to send me some nudes
Who the fuck crave that
I made plans tonight but I'm pretty sure I'm gonna be passed out before its time to go
I would be watching that for a fourth time
Thanks gabby!
Lol for a sec I thought you were drawing Sarada Uchiha
Most of my choices are made on impulse so I should probably stop doing that
Pretty sure my manager thinks I'm a psycho
So I did something I thought I would never do and now sick to my stomach about the decision.
I need to work on mine
but the rumoured Ariana collab is music & this is BTS promo - so definitely not that a DJ said
Watching and Maddie says she wants to be a dancer like them.. oh lord I better start saving
We thought we knew what football was
Haha about to sleep. I can't imagine waking up at this odd hour
Trying to convince myself that me baking 3 times a year doesnt justify my strong desire to purchase a kitchen aid mixer
is the tatoo man okay?
Wae???
Ready to it up & make it real for
I'm sorry I tweet and delete so much...
Who else secretly pray to not be seated to someone who has bad body odour in the train?
hiya, masa brenti make sunblock for the sake of gettin the freckles
now that cold, harder to get up in the mornings
You really trust anyone.. shady people everywhere
You have to split. Both of you will be treated equally if you drop by Paris.
So about that DM?
This is hilarious sorry reminds me of late 90s chat rooms.
Will do, only problem is that need a car
Does this tweet include adults?
Yahoo another exciting Go3x and keep safe!!
Good God I actually remember some of these.
Follow everyone who likes this tweet
Mi primer contacto con Windows...
I love that the first thing out of Grant's mouth was "where have you been?!"
It's kinda weird tbh BUT well ... uhmmm .. acceptable
We're all doomed!
No one is more excited for a Monday morning than a social worker on call over the weekend. pleaseeee stop ringing
FINALLY got one
I probably pronounce until I was the tender age of 15
they ugly
this is always a go-to question for me
iPhone after 5years
They call it a juul
When I saw that Gravity is the song assigned to Ksoo...defying gravity from Wicked suddenly played in my head
so is! now I just need to be there
I have a 3 page essay due tomorrow, but I'm not in a good spot emotionally right now and cannot find the motivation to finish it.
They played Zombie by The cranberries while I was on that crazy ride last night
The sleep that comes to tonight shit ha going be vicious
Maybe I forget how to tweet
I really think men know how to talk to women anymore. WTF did I just read
This reminds me of horror movies
our stories compare I stamp
Just ate steak and it hit... I took a nap too. Hangover food and naps
Ok but why did my brain read this as instead of horseshoes when I first looked at it?
Ya somos tres
I'm gonna level with you. No, you cannot
cuando te uniste a Twitter? soy un usuario joven
For Sale
4/4 Mozart Violin
4k
1 month lang giamit
tinamad mag aral
Today was quite the day!
Tul always show the body
American horror story
a comedian!! wait not funny, but my life is
Binged and found some of the Saw movies on tv rn... gonna watch them before bed, and I got school tomorrow... no sleep for me
no school or work tuesday
I just got to episode 6, and glad humiliated
No! I want another one already and my baby is only 7 months
Salty bgd..
Ngono wae friendly reminder harang
Nak evil reminder kyk pie mas
may ritemed ba nito? charot
MAF Method Results: Day 1 Pace = 12:55 min/km ...Day 4 Pace = 10:01 min/km
Tbh, not sure if I once knew that - have forgotten much! But I do know there was once sea somewhere in the lower 48.
on your 100... something...followers? I don't remember but it was important
Long life
Look like pullin up in December
- about to sit in the bath
already there? Omg! going to join the q too. But perhaps later
Yes exactly
Way choice
I immersed myself into the whole thing in two days. I'm done. I wanna watch it again!
From a distance or in a picture, yes. Stunning.
I've been writing you love notes because I'm obsessed with you.
girl..... risk it
Yikes good luck on them pulling them
I still come to the conclusion that I should just skip a meal after I tell myself that it's unhealthy
THANKS
Who's ready for Monday?
Cartoons mostly.
Charlie Cox is so hot
Me I have to tell myself to be more mature than my kids EVERY DAY
Yo, we're straight horrible.
I hope I didn't plagiarize your thought? Thanks for thinking I'm great
We out here
Yup maybe this was a mistake
Kelly just got rid of like 20 pair of shoes, some she had before the kid was born hahaha
such an amazing person with a beautiful heart thank you my love, especially for being patient with me
Are you talking about your ass?
Good luck
Like girl if you pass that blunt & get out of rotation
I was travelling with some people, so we all rented a car Was just overnight, and continued to Toronto the next morning
Usually I'm active but today I've been writing a long ass paper so I've legit just been liking tweets lol sorry
I mean I would but I don't want to interrupt him
I know when ever get my life together
I kinda just wanna be that basic bitch for my birthday and have a "2" and a "5" balloon, and take dumb photos.
AY POTEK HAHAHA WALA ATANG BALAK MAG EXAM YAN
Is it sad that exhausted and ready for bed and only 6? Is this what getting old feels like
not ready...
Haha now I get it
It was not easy to do that in Hongkira. I remember I also bought some snaks when
Ohhh Maybe they'll be okay? Hoping they're okay? Probably not, but gotta hope
Maybe Army crashed YT again
I really need to learn how to control my temper
The best part is when the ad said you can take McMurray at his word...like that's a bad thing
i might just dress up for the hell of it this week
I wish
I screenshot everything Incase a nigga try me
I start back working Thursday
So again good morning the name of the last reporter is Yap, John Michael G. Yap
HAHAHAHAHAHA. JOHNNY lipong! kakyoti
Gotta play the game first
turning 23 in a few hours
Seriously, our low last night was 35 rather it be in the
Me: Hey there! How are yah?
Tree: pine.
Cornwall Park
Good to know. Hope this ends the chaos buddies were in yesterday It's all good now I guess.
And only 1 of 5 people in the area without it
You let bitches put shit in yo head
devon + i spoil my brother so much wonder what be like when we have our own damn kids
Thank you
I already have plenty of grays man so if yall could start out with 3 touchdown leads that'd be cool. fantastic win!!
Tottenham v PSV. I want spurs out of UCL
Even on Twitter you strike more as a Kirishima than a Bakugou personally
Inner G ** but you get the gist
Cause never understand
I finally understand why Twitter feels like a 'safe space' for rants.
you neeeeeed to see this
(nctea) Jaemin trying to kissed Mark but beside Mark is Jeno, oh my markminno feels is njungkel njempalik
Well done, Comrade Putin
Same still shocked.
Ooh I think I need this watch it be like 100 bucks
It has its perks no lie but I use to ride my bike to work
The first gray pubes are the best
Last Kiss is on Speak Now
I was hoping hate him. Oh, well
AAA, MGA, MTVEMA, MAMA, MMA, etc. We still have a lot
I bet fit,
need a funny movie or show to watch on Netflix or if someone wants to share their Hulu account be dope too
Well so much for my rec.
Truth
a person that was supposedly my customer that wanted to buy something from me ended up ranting about his life
Lingerie on Friday? Get Out of Here!
The comedown be real
Buck up Burt. be okay
De cria
I hope at least the assignment is a small assignment but I may need have to send a message this
Kanye West ... scream so loud dolphins hear the signal
U have asked
of course i get sick on my last day of vacation and now i have to deal with going back to work tomorrow
This guy na correct unbeliever
I be in here steamin bro
I need to grocery shop butttty cold
How you say you street you never been it
.... Andrew, we have tickets for that party in Columbus
as always best reaction KIM SEOKJIN
Idk about that
United States of America
Good night! I posted Inktober days 18, 19, 20, and 21 today in the thread! 22 and 23 are coming tomorrow, sorry for always being late.
Im also quite surprise bcs joon wrote the playlist the same as BMTH's (a metal band) new album
at least someone asked
think I come home and he be all under me but nope 2k has all the love
Seen do this
Domingou
ia on twitter and i come back to SO much
so stressed can this year just end already?
Gotcha. I'm not ready tho
Wish Someone Was Textin Me This w. Food In Hand
Beacuse LQ ka player is me aya hae
Good job
// you got me there... wanna play?
And with that happy thought (not) I believe a glass of wine would be very good right about now!
Can I please just have nice-clear healthy looking skin? Who do I need to talk to about this? getting desperate
I swear all I wear are my Converse with my dresses
Go to Caz when it rains shits be all over the side walk
I knewwwwwwwwww he was gonna fall hard. Literally the perfect voice/humor for him, HE READ ALOUD TO ME, JUSTIN.
por David Tennant
Haha i like oldies song especially romantic and how they express love in the song
Gotta get over my fear of flying or i going no fucking where
now we turn our attention to the Atlanta falcons against the giants on Monday night football
RIGHT!
Baltimore and Cleveland already lost and Cincinnati is imploding. The are winning even on a bye week
Yung parang plot twist last week
On a real note, I really need some alcohol
Samantha cape cake. Oh my God. And coffee milk... dead
"Credits to the owner" but didn't tell who the owner was
If I message my crush and she ignores it, do I even exist?
I use to think eating pussy was nasty .. But look at me now Coochisaurus Rex
Why is this is so accurate lmaoo
Yeahh you'll probably hate a verse off one of my songs
Sulitin ang Uniform
Sayang ayos mo girl HAHAHAHAA
I broke a coffee cup and wine glass today. All within thirty minutes.
I watched my video of FTMO the other day and sobbed
Minghao is the teacher of dab
It feels like he doing striptease dance
My birthday is 2 weeks away and most likely be spending it alone.
Deu
How extra am I as a dog mom? I warm towel up in the dryer before I give him a bath
stopped updating for a while
Your username checks out.
Prayers much needed since taking this neuro exam tomorrow
I woke up telling myself, really need to see
Then I got up and dragged myself to the gym to get my jawline back.
I could be a model if i didnt have a double chin
Chivettes bored at work (32 Photos)
Fsu plays clemson next week, nc state and then Notre dame in south bound...should be fun
I love Ella Mai so much but her interludes are so fucking annoying
Update: as good as I remembered
I feel that, man
Nothing is cuter than a girl with dimples (30 Photos)
Warm-up
Dats da man
I always ask him to scratch my back. Haha! I am such a baby
Well then according to this Calendar in TEW2 It'd be my Birthday. Interesting.
Me too
Im mesmerized with how angels can make a in real life no ass bitch be thick online, the enjoyment of knowing
I always ask him to scratch my back. Haha! I am such a baby
I dont even know what this is
Oh no what has the universe brought us.
I took some fye pics yesterday
Survived an 11 hour work day today. Thank god I have Monday off
You can just tell when a girls still lil in a relationship
I may have just helped a brother out of the friendzone and i feel pretty good about helping
You've got me with these pics in 2 places today, I can't take it
Didn't see this, cheers
too nice
Everybody went to the movies this weekend but me
Started watching a movie forgot about the tbh like why I got so many notifications
Students survive without coffee
Im also quite surprise bcs joon unexpectedly wrote the playlist the same as BMTH's (a metal band) upcoming album
always been the dominant kisser or the one that leads during kissing and idk why?
I was able to do 3 last night bettter than the 0 I did the first day
Just saw somebody tweeted about it and I thought it's funny.
Yes, girl! Except neither me or hubs have friends around us
chover?
Glad to be back
Hasta que aprendiste hijo
ill send u a photo. i think i exaggerate abit
I'm hitting the from the rear why she ignoring her nigga calls
I am the worst mother, I didn't see Boone sleeping on the ground and kicked him in the head as I was walking
I feel like my feelings mean shit.
starts tm right guys
my procrastinating got worse for college
I honestly, dont use him too much
is the sweetest most judgmental person - she doesn't even sound mean when she says half the stuff she says
maybe a future nail tech
I hope everyone has been doing well while I've been at work
Haberlo dicho antes... Jajaja
a big angry baby right there
Why I want that to be an actual thing
The pain is real
And how can I forget Queen Music Sounds Better With U and King Elevate
Happy birthday, Sorry di early always man gd ko late haha
God bless you always!
I even kidding I was being real, that was deep
Here it is now that made such a fuss about it.
From one aspiring artist to another, enjoy!
Its usually a one time thing :( if they do i'll let you know tho haha
Yummmm yummmmm clear teeth :-);-) fight against dryneist
finally a gate that involve the patriots
hey please kahit followback mo lng ako
God has just been blessing , blessing and blessing me lord I thank you for YOUR support I know you hear me
Te la mandas nery
cuando me hago el tierno para ganar tu baby
Matching stuff is THE WORST.
Oh I think I saw that one, but because they didn't talk about it, I thought I saw wrong
Seth Rollins vs Matt Riddle...
Yes is already midnight here
Oh!! I wish you the best of luck!
Wtfffff ainda bem que vi isto obrigada!!
I just want someone down for me and only me... but shit everyone
Every single night
So this is what most of the night has looked like
acho que a aqui vai pegar um iPhone 7 hehehehehehe
Reinstalling OW on the old PC to see if my BIOS fuckery/ram fixing actually even makes a difference
Thank fuck I have fiber.
We totally should!! Although I feel like be miles behind everyone else . Ahhh, even speak slow af so
dead cherry bomb eng ver FUCK
sorry guys I know I post too much about all the music I love
Gotta be up for work in like 3 hours
Doodled a bunch of these but this one turned out well enough to post I suppose night night my beautiful peeps
From now on, I spell it like that.
like Vine if Vine only showed 5 types of videos with the same 5 songs over and over again
Lol I actually say that quote to people who read books in general tbh
No se organizan
Awh I'm missed
Someone buy all these before they become less valuable
Actually I lied I posted makeup ones a couple days ago
haha no worries! yes there are so many tall horses insane i wonder how long take for the
I am a fan for both teams so it was truly nail biting
uh is it a good thing ?
. I read those when I was 14. I still think the books were ok
I hate leaving my parents house on Sundays can I move back in guys? Like old times
Nah not allowed to.
Oh. Whats JCP? Sorry, this is my first time watching NWA.
Is it marshmellows ?
I always think B with moustache is dirty old man not my fav look .
Ni acostarme a escuchar GOT7 puedo
okay Dont worry, try our best! Advance Happy Birthday
That is your highlight? What a loser you are Ron!!
Ok so my BookTube Newbie tag is really awkward but hey we all gotta start somewhere excited to get started,
fact seh my group even start anything for crit ha
I can't sub bc I can't understand
I remember watching that play
Niel was extra flirty that day
Your Tuesday just got a lot better thanks to Mathilde (28 Photos)
Sorry, but a fortuitous event arises.
Aw thanks I was just thinking bout how you rocked it lol just scared gon look absolutely
When you are unemployed
You cheeky little bastard.
Guys! I have a confession!
.
.
.
.
.
.
I've had on repeat for a few weeks now.
To those who know, know this is a BIG deal!
Or 10 or 11 or 12
Excited but nervous
Notched Pumpkin
Really need suggestions on good places to get my hair done SOS
I was probably thinking about what to eat after platz
Como Euh Sou//Como Os Outros Me Ver.. Kk
Sundays are not good for me I always end up buying bunch of shit online like this morning I woke up and decided to spend 400 dlls
PLEASE SAMANTHA!!! cake and strawberry yum yum
These lines at the ATL airport are so long I hope I miss my flight. If I do, please take me in . Lol
done this in a while
Armys, we crashed it again
I can barley squat 200 now
hooked on Shameless
Video games
I do that at 26
I was exhausted we had such a busy day
hala uyyy thankss! same to u den stay gorg!!!
Stepsister caught masterbating sensual orgasm
& who need our love! face it, everybody needs to be blessed with a Sagittarius in their lifetime!
Every time I go out to eat with Frances , our bill is always like a 4 people meal, this needs to stop
Super late but im here seems the cold finally set in. In all my thickest layers and can't feel my fingers. Least I'm off tomorrow
Yes, because your music is not of this world ha ha ha
Girls don't sweat they glisten (54 Photos)
Much better at toting the rock
I really wanna start working out but I just have zero motivation
oh boy now i see why ..
i'm 25 , yet still excited for this .
You missed a big party I know:(
I want to be hinata (from naruto) for Halloween but I doin anything
Its my birthday & I had a wild night
You say when to remind you tho
me na friendship zone
my god, i was so touched by his message, it was a life changing moment.
My brother scolding his daughter through FaceTime
imagine how excited I am to have finally found some labradorites
Good thing my degree be
Is it even mine? Cause I still owe on my loans lol
I ate some tamales earlier and I passed tf out. been sleeping all day
Lmao I dropped Rosalie, thank god
I've accidentally done that once before. I didn't even mention it because I felt too guilty telling them.
Foda-se lancei a
Next you can change it to Brush Script when feeling *fancy*
Luis even have twitter so lmfao. Out of luck
The reason college papers take so long... I write two paragraphs and take a twenty break why am I like this...
*Trumpanzee
Only 2
I wonder why Varchie fans are already so mad with the Reggie and Veronica team up when it hasn't happened yet.
What a weekend
Lit
Idk about some of these friendships.. kinda iffy
It all bad
Really want to get out of my warm bed to go to the gym
why this foo got me feelin like dis
His reply
The nicest one, always get teased and bullied, we hve atleast one frnd lke her
How ?
i just knew you was gonna be on that ... This is you ONE AND ONLY chance to hit me and me not retaliate back lol
Who here, besides people from Cincinnati, is not rooting for the Chiefs? I see
9pm and all I can do is think about French fries.
You got me with this tweet , I started to freak out and then a friend reminded me I in Econ
I believe u missed Ryan Shamrock
I get so overwhelmed at sushi places! So much to choose from
I go for white fish, no sauce on the rolls, avoid
How many of my thots forgot about me and haven't missed me tskskksk
This Pastor Heavenly be visiting creepy asf
This smile...and the suits...he looks stuffy and sweet
NO I JUST LOVE BLUE CAPS were you at a theme park??
good point. brb twitter, gonna go shorten my unread comic stack for a while!
I went out, went to bed at 4 AM last night, woke up at 8 and went to work for a 9 hr shift sick IM THAT BITCH LMAO
Ran out of gas this morning now my daum keys are locked in my car. FUCK.. not meant to have a car!
Ah sorry, jiheon
ken took me to my first ramens restaurant dang been missing out some good stuff lol
honestly all i want out of cuffing season
Is this an actual fact? Because yikes
Rondo in HS doing Rondo things
I'm good thank you! Should be asleep but not quite tired enough you?
Ryans still mad at me about last time still pretty disappointed in myself about that too I need redemption haha
Glad at least one person thinks so
what sayin, imagine him holding his baby. He was literally breastfeeding his newborn
thankfully only a small crack
Jajaja novato
my idea of what I want to do once I finish college changes at least twice a month
i ate since yesterday morning at 8 am
My mom acts like the prettiest thing to walk on this Earth.
Ayaw ko na maging accountant.
Same yata kami ng suot ahehehe.
This is your happiest moment habadu riza hahahahaha. Enjoy your day pakain kana baka naman I wish that you
Im just very blunt. Maybe I should come up with something cute
im working on it
Teen gets punishment from stepdad after party!!! Part 1
It's just, Jason's hockey mask is iconic! Michael Myers mask, over time, is just a generic mask. I guess they
This is so true, sorry
Same, surviving with my basic korean and my kindness
Update: I finished the project and it that bad
i had something like it, a letter from the army wit a whole bunch of sweet shit in it
Go for it in Mexico!
mind you that kid is like down the hall from my class
We gonna pretend i miss it by a couple of seconds
Need new people to talk to
Sorry na bebeb
FACTS
You're of my all-time, long-time faves! Plus, we both feel similarly about that whole Kardashian thing.
believe I was that drunk yesterday .... eaaaarly throwing up never again
I really do! The length of time that it takes me to text a person back directly correlates to how much I love them
i should do it before everybody stops caring
i was about to be so shadyyyy but gonna spare mfs tonight
the homie so I cant like her like
I thought I had one more episode left season 3 done. I hope filming for season 4 hehe.
more like this whole fucking year honey
though this was about me
literally be sleepin on
JIMIN POR FAVOR no me hagas responder eso...
Like... with... lo que sea SI A TODO ME CALMO~
Glad you reminded me!
When you go to take off your hoody but forgot you were too lazy to put a top on underneath...
Another Round of Hump Day Because of Reasons
Those people suck and are ugly
And I can't message dms aren't open
been a whole week since I last played fortnite and honestly way more productive
EPISODE GOD, I HAVE SIN AGAIN. Lol, WHY THE DEVIL MAKE DO I'M JUST SAYING
EPISODE GOD, I HAVE SIN AGAIN. Lol, WHY THE DEVIL MAKE DO I'M JUST SAYING
too lazy for that...
PH tipu rakyat lagi
Brooke look I like you so not do this but if you were to describe that situation are you
Ya me convenciendo.
taking everything in me rn not to send a drunk text message
the boy who cried wolf na akng tan-aw sa imo
literally been sleepin on
Glad you reference our game
Do you know any urban legends? If so, tell us about it! Snsksinshapeldejdowmndieownejwo nd Dragons??? I
go baby! wait for my water to burst out
I survived my first official day as charge nurse.
we got the same robe
I'm trash at cod this year bro I just hit lucky clips
Excited na Kami sa TWBA Mo mamaya
my mittens
pro plays
I left that outfit in the bush btw
Lol nah fr thoe I need a hoodie Florida boy cold out dat door
Slept 65% of the day
Y'all can be honest. I know I talk a lot on here and rant a lot on here.. my tweets really are all over the place
My FPL points this week
Sweet baby Jebus, hump day!
Now I gotta share all the funny tweet wit somebody else
BULLSHIT!
How is he up by 12 points then!?
Hello!
Can't wait to upload some. Hehe so later na photos.
I gotta get this stuff sold & clean my house
Now I need a new radio and paint job
Happy is a kick in the balls waiting to happen
My kids when they think a bug on the ground
Go to Low Yat Garage Sale, look for pre-loved gpu, been swapping and buying gpu with fellow LYN forumer several times already.
My dad is such a good tipper when we go out, so if you get stiffed, you really freaking suck.
So Friday the 13th was probably the more "Hollywood" horror movie. With a weird title and killer who's a woman. But it's classic!
Yo no
I like niggas w big lips like yards daddy swallow my face
My nigga was right he told me so but I gave them mfs the benefit of the doubt
Me too, I'm fluent in straight as well. Bilingual that is.
Icunghuuun tolonglah jangan gini2 amat
I think so. Lolol just gotta work on self discipline
Tagged by:
Sorry for the tags.
Eu na vida
tbh mine did that at one point may not work at all but i lunged her at a walk w/ a rope while
THANK GOD.
It looks pretty like this but I wear rubber my wrist will turn red and all
IJWMDS
Exactly why I've done 1 assignment in 4 hours
Honestly same
I admire the work Youtubers do, but the amount of jump cuts they all use in their videos makes me mad anxious.
Get on YouTube
Sneak peek
Haha my friend will appreciate it
i hope there's someone who's willing to sell their soundcheck pass
we see u up there! are you enjoying show?
The things I would do just so I can suck his dick from the back
In the UK I mean
It seem to work for me
HMPH me tf too
Last minute costumes
at work rn and I gotta wake up in 8 hours to come to work again
Thanks, Eric
i lied when i said i like that whatchmacallit song
yO same w being at home, therapeutic i can be ur friend!!
Well I should say many veggies and legumes I'm totally ok with in soups but not necessarily by themselves lol.
Last night jessy and I started Haunting of Hill House. We only watched one episode and I had to cover my ears like 6 times.
I only grabbed the post card and two plush keychains, saving for my Shanghai trip
What about when we were cats
Happiness .. is a kick in the balls waiting to happen
I am an Add Math's teacher at the first pregnant.
Right. Amazing it is really not about their "content". Wait..
Imma try again next semester
If only it did
filemnya shoko takahashi, filem nganu kayake
I should keep it on the track. lol.
Ight so boom it let me just download my Mixtapez and type in quemix 3
i always want to clean the house either when it's late at night or everyone else wants to have a chill day
Someone neees to feed me chocolate cake
Showers... Or shower than bath...
just gonna go to sleep to avoid my feelings
glad not the only one
Woke up 10 min late, today. Touch the absent pad at 8:04 today, 6 min from the limit, phew To be fair, weekend
soooo tired I think time to stop going out for a
I FINALLY have my own umbrella & L loses it while I'm gone before I can even use it myself. I'm just not meant to have one.
If only wishing our baby girl would make her grand entrance would actually make her come out of me... today
They still make guitar hero?
yess.. dulu zaman study, 4shared is life..
MM! Looks healthy there to me
Good for him. Tremendously under appreciated in PIT, even tho injuries made it
maybe it's just thick.
Grind hard every day like its game 7
actually a few people I invited today and I know for next time
Omg I know if I can handle it lol I do scary movies
Bouncing between family parties with babe
wait for thanksgiving break
One of these days learn how to not be so controlling
Sorry sorry sometimes be forgetting
I love your energy but chill
my own worst enemy I swear
Yes good terms
Finals na walang review review
About to put my lingerie on and cut this football game short
So I think gonna try and watch a scary movie by myself... wish me luck
LMAO
Why I keep shit to myself
A me feo ven esa parte.
Why? three years ago, what a bellend who spends on a fucking box you fill up with rubbish?
everyone is getting engaged and great and all but that means I also have a lot of weddings to go to single af
almost 2019 why there been a way to draw blood WITHOUT needles yet?
My thoughts exactly.
I feel so stupid but I still continue. Maybe I did went insane
I want a tattoo so bad, but my body look too good to be marking it up
Me everytime I show up to class
rip feet sa wed
I got three bathrooms and three chandeliers I need help as a man ... the bills I got that ...
why not
I have 2 anatomy tests this week praying for you if pray for me
Spamming updates since I have raid tonight for 3hrs
ever feel like some niggas come to yo house just to steal yo lighters or am I trippin ?
My drive to San Antonio tomorrow is gonna be interesting
My fav anime series meron napo yan sa CD hehe. Already finish konapo episode
i did nothing today but go to church and clean/laundry
Please i'm trying to analyze the theory right here but bighit already give us too much theory and i couldn't keep up
when your dog is acting up and you try to get it to stop barking
i swear gotta get ready for that next
I gotta feeling gonna hmu
Oh shit I follow you guys on this account
Los boludos de Twitter dijo
really about to go to bed early
Making my under 40% shooting and under 18ppg prediction looking very silly early in the season
Tagged by I just dont wanna study anymore but I'm not gonna tag so
thank you beautiful. I really need it bc I feel prepared or qualified for this
My side is hurting something fierce...
So this happened Scorpion, The Undertaker, Ermac, and Tremor.
FoJo VS TrisFord
Who Fixed the Kwelyo Better?
Send Your Answer to 2366. Chos
Sunday nights are for laundry and ordering groceries for pick up after work tomorrow
could get it anytime....anywhere. good lord.
Yeiiyy.. Will wait those songs.
N wht the emoticon like ths?
also out this early on a hunt for ear plugs
lack of sex literally has me pissed at everything/everyone
Kaya ba?
Can Snapchat stop opening my chats as soon as I open the app. having to ask did you Way more than normal
a little bit
Done.
Ya girl has school debts like to pay for
What a fcking weekend
Board of canvas? Wood you consider a smoother experience for your next masterpiece?
But still gonna spend it anyway!
Oh, if that's the case, can i still join? Hehe
i love twitter
Eu sou o pretinho
Should be lit
Jesus I drank a whole bottle of Jack last night if not more and here I am taking jager bombs
6 pm and been watching the haunting of hill house all day. To keep watching or wait till day light
Mine is!
You know definitely an adult when you get excited for a laundry machine app to pay for your clothes to get washed
Feeling nya 30 mins byahe from Caloocan to Ortigas
You know i like you if i got your twitter notification thing on
Someone subbed the 1st ep of traince already! But have to register to watch
10K+/34K+ naaa!!! Road to clearing my iPhone storage for The Dream Pampanga is getting theeere!!!
Lawd. They resurrected Chantal & family Chantal.
Jheez that was fucking close
debating on cutting the heat on or not
I think it's possible if she wanted to have one. Sasshi is bad at singing but still had a solo concert
mixed emotions
Your phone is in need of a new Chivette background (20 Photos)
Whenever I hear Georgia Dome lol my best friend scarred a bih
One on one lecture with THE Dr Gap Legaspi
Whew mga OR ganaps ko talaga
Too young to be old
Happy? Birthday self
I thank GOD for another year and to all the blessings he gave to me
Debating between another backpack or another crossbody hehe
Remind me never to play DDR in jeans
only 8:30 and ready for bed
November 16th
Thank God that is taken care of
LMAOOO thank you!!!!! this is not a good picture of me
Preordered & preloaded
ok i'll try taehyung i'll try
were wasabi has spesific smell?
Ya se me hice, por fin Halloween.
Why on earth I explained about omegaverse early in the morning
I'm about to tell my friend that I'm dying to eat her ass
I this the 300000 word article?
HAHAHA scared
I missed the blue skies, clouds, and green trees! Lol. Only thing I miss is the colder weather and it was less humid.
Soy yo de hacer berrinche
Es broma ??
Good bye road
Ya se me hizo, por fin Halloween.
*Concerned,
spent the entire day in bed. I even know where the day went.
Girl telling you my mom tried to warn me my hips would be like this after birth
Just wondering if the high school bullshit ever stops, even when your graduated?? Can someone pls let me know
Getting my coins up for homecoming next year n Miami in April
14. EnKaze 2.0 I MEAN! KiriAsu!
Okay faham. Sorry bro. Tadi tak baca tweet dia
I do not know how to play Mancala. I really feel like I missed out on a lot as a child.
I blame CNBLUE, it's because they're an ajusshi band we confuse ourselves as older than we are
She just one of the homies
Been wanting to watch but David Hayes scary shows and afraid to watch alone
Accidentally got lit
me everyday
I miss the
I miss the weatherrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
Accidentally discovered.
Intentionally purchased.
just trying to shoot my shot
I think they'll have size XL too...
it did have romance with the reporter girl
R1D035 of Looks can be deceiving, and code (Node) foreign to the eyes, intimidating (see: above).
Where should I start again?
not like I cry on purpose the 2-3 days leading up to my period, foreal that estrogen drop just be hittin HORD
Hey, it's nice here but it's still a block from Broadway!
wow so much for a low key weekend
Thank you for coming to see my Tea Ceremony scope too However sorry I had to quit scope on the way
Usually im the 1st one to arrive but she's earlier today
Siap pindah laptop & pc to another table
Me as
Great minds think alike ;) We didn't lose, surprisingly... but as for the Lakers game well...
Walking past the retirement homes near my house is a more ... fragrant experience than it used to be.
Legalization is working I guess.
But a lot of make up! be fooled
It is but not worth it. The consequences of drinking it are just too much
good bro. I almost recanted my tweet until I seen the microscopic video which came in handy lol
It's like a 24/7 competitive playlist
Probably this was the easiest drawing of this inktober.
.
Provavelmente este foi o desenho mais deste
Can things change for better or is it gonna be worse for me every single day
Sinong friend si wala?
Oh sorry lol I usually flip a coin when I make a decision
I mean he is not changbin's dad
Wow really? mobitel sucks man. I'm not even surprised
das okay, those rolls means u enjoy living and eating hahaha look at my triple chin! miss you jancis!!
Sometimes I feel like the only single lesbian in existence
That's bias but aight. It all is where's the on this one
Nah all mine
actually it was a picnic lunch today i
debating on purposely missing my flight
Shift starts at 1pm today over early
Online shopping is so addicting purchased anything for myself in months & here I am placing orders after orders
Lending yet another reason why she wouldn't be crazy about adding even more kids to the brood, no doubt.
I got the FBI "dont move" message as soon as i posted it
Pretty much
Welcome to the basement with us Lions.
Is shipping free + worldwide
Hi would you be able to buy 2 tickets for me and my friend?
I know if still considered friend
wow, ok - I see you out here problem solving
can I be ya new guy friend
Dropping obvious big hints and still get no where
For your YouTube channel you should make something and record your process of it! If that makes sense...
nobodyyy, I'll finish this by myself in an hour
There is so much beautiful Chisato/Diachisa artwork! I am so far behind
whenever i catch feelings for someone and going good... makes me a little suspicious. like too good to be true
You know this girl actually has my curiosity
But im retired
Woah!! njd tawn akng state ID ug atm card
32 - 12 - 8 for my guy Westbrook
Right. Of course
Okay Halloween un-canceled
My bed time is 9:45 every night
woah there
Ahh that hurts lmao , tight tho
Any possible way they can go around us?
Thank you!! I probably edited that thing at least 10 times.
I trust anyone that like the office tbh
Wow what a miserable great time that Beast was almost 7 fucking hours...his face at the Finish line was cool or
Luna and Chucho are asking me for something and idk what the heck trying to say!
Any dog translators
The issue is that my family has already gone overboard with clothes... He's basically set for the next two years.
After I drove a little, I managed to find wipers replacement (the old ones were too squeaky ), returned home,
this work week is already exhausting
I hate math and then math hate me too
Mind. Blown.
crazy how many people want me to design their tattoos crazy
a Geny unos dientes...de ajo.
Well yea I'd rather go with my close friends... Is that even a question?
My nephew just looked at my brother in law and said
Idk which song fits his power same with xm
vai na msg brother
Fcccuk! Need to remember to get my flu shot tomorrow or sometime this week
worry, we giving that work tomorrow night
My knee literally saved this one
finish na........
Well sheesh I guess not because I really thought you did it we still got to go... that old pushover
sorry for the tag
What the hell did I just watch...
Someone around with a MacBook Air and a Trascend JetDrive Lite expansion card?
Mind answering a few questions?
My biggest downfall.
These vintage postcards show what women looked like 100 years ago (25 Photos)
I feel like I have too many interests
Anyone else feeling the spin
ya te estaban esperando
Yeah sure been a while and been coolin
I had one about tsunami too. But i died from drowning. But then i lived again
usherettes of the year!
Ladies and gentleman we have lift off (60 Photos)
Mackenzie and have 20 water bottles on the go
Bienvenida al club
even know about that release but just saw it. I hope you get to finish it soon and get to TRB!
Obviously I meant OKC
Sad ending tho
Mouais...
Oh yeah, s/o to the two people who offered me a ride tonight. Very kind people
I cut my hair and still debating if I like it or not
oouuu what we order again? i forgot.......
Got me all sorts of flustered
Would love to have someone to talk to
Yesterday was really lit
no problem
Iya
pai para
This is in 30 years
have to attack me like that
Yeaaa idk about that
My moms are pissed with me ok ... we still won
I only have ONE pair of my old ones that fit me but I get them on until 2 months pp
I hate my jon & dislike the people in it i probably be here to much longer!
Costume bday
now he feel asleep. And I was serious. I need to know the rise over run damn cat.
Jackie Bradley jr is a BA. & I hate turner.
a far reach I just catch a break today
Geek out with some nerdy fangirls (39 Photos)
c'mon you like hoarding cringy tiktoks for some really unexplainable reasons prolly so we can all suffer together
I want bae to take me back to juicy crab Friday
Present and hopefully accounted for haha
Que raios es un walfa?
finally got my first solo win in fortnite
||: expect for late replies since im currently outside with my colleagues rn
maalam pa naman eh
oblivious
kanang first time dayun no nga mag out of town w/o fam
mine's working again it was a temporary thing that lasted for like two minutes lol whoops
I need beer and tequila y ya estamos listos
I have survived another week of being an accounting major, barely, but I made it
Shameless selfie
it was a joke, relax
Thunder looking real shaky losing the Kings and being 0-3
Wow damn. I had the same problem at the start. I literally had to change my play style to compete
You're an exception
Well, that was not the response I was expecting
I wear the same sweater every night
AYYY SIGE
I may have convinced my husband to go trail running with me
Up is Down, Down is Up!
I even ghost people cause I always feel so bad, but like damn girl, can you not take a damn hint.
Rapid girls are craaaaazzyyyyy.
losing 70lbs is great except nothing fits right anymore
All of this to tell you INKtober is on momentary hiatus and will be caught up/resumed by Wednesday at the latest
This nigga stay putting the clippers on skates
Puro tb pictures coz im too busy and too broke to go on hikes
Yo amo caminar
wait to see when they come down to San Marcos see if anyway I can meet them.
i really just understand some people
Was going for the Lead tho
usherettes of the year!
been wanting to watch but David hates scary stuff and too afraid to watch it alone
The day before my wedding was like a series of unfortunate events
Lmao yo those Brother Nature tweets are wild
Boss said it was cool to sleep in this morning (45 Photos)
Mi parece mi hermana mayor Que hermosa es
starting to think only possible if one of the people in the friendship is gay/lesbian, or if super ugly.
Oh Luke I feel so sad in every episode
Torn between new phone or christmas shopping gifts for myself and my friends.
My vacation ends tomorrow
She lying
Welp all I needed
I forgot to add cheap in there too
So i genuinely believed that i lost my keys last night.... turns out, i put them in my boot
Oh! I messed up the first time. Whoops. Both her & are hot anyways.
Torn between new phone or christmas shopping gifts for myself and my closed friends.
then dislike it.... Duh!
I've been hoping someone will love you in the ways I couldnt
He even make a move
Had to move to Denver to finally see the Warriors play live
Ohhh I tot Barong made from pineapple fiber
It's not a song
Now back to being Classy almost forgot I was on the clock
I hate having nobody to make these food runs with
I can't believe she just said that to me That's a little bit dangerous baby
hey doyoung you have spit i have a mouth what a coincidence
One can only wish
Bc a bitch
I shared the "EX" song with the particular ex the song reminded me of and now I'm regretting it.
You ready huh?
So young yet so jaded it's crazy
Wish I was getting drunk rn
Can't wait to hear all the tracks!
but the emoji really caught my eye
Dumping loads of photos in a few
How do you know if you got removed
Tears I swear just sweating
A new issue of fangirls hits store shelves (33 Photos)
Oh ic...thanks fyi. I never skating before so I have no idea
Ngeksis juga *abaikan pose foto*
Auto emots
I need it to go to game 7 because back in Boston on the 1st, in time for the Parade
Oh you freaky freaky
My bad for tripping on you.. Venus is in retrograde
I took 2 naps today and a bitch is still tired
ok im biased most of my choices are the seats right next to donghyuck
I smile often but yknow awkward
For a moment I read instead of
(Delulu moment
Yo 24/7
just sort of figuring life out as I go right now and it stresses me out a pretty lot
Okay so I kinda want a cocky dom that will keep me in my place
we always put each other onto new music but now I'm praying this doesn't lead into other conversations my soul is not prepared to handle.
"For learning" surely sounds weird to me
Draymond Gre...oh talking about shoes
...I love you silly
I need to read 33 books before the end of the year to meet my goal.
Well i found out where my blood donations went
Just watched this happen
My laptop still has no sound. Send help
Lol! so funny...
Hopefully my phone will be back in commission by next week
Okay, i did not expect that.
I just barely made it
You're welcome! Hehe!
It sucks that not all of the choices were positive but I am glad that I ended up with a
when they say they don't like you
me:
ctto
I love this town. But some days like to move FAR away
I ordered new sheets & new pillows and they just shipped... I wait
I ready for that one
wow im 30 minutes early for elc class? finally new sem new me starts today
Gary Harris Going Off
So hard to take pictures
You and Rafael should dress up as each other!
Looking forward to playing you every night
Edi thank you for staying despite sa mga odds
prolly of watched haunting of hill house before i go to bed
oop cause def in the middle of my application
I got a lot of white friends and somehow when we take picture they make themself tanner and I be looking like a umpa lumpa
It was him in the bright M&Ms shirt!!! Looked like Dale Jarrett
Wow! Maggie ain't playing. She's the new Michonne.
Retweeting so I can look back at this when I have cramps.
never seen it I always wanted to though
i need my credit and debit cards taken away from me
Okay Im going to start watching it
Today i played vrchat and i got to ma some friends it was lit but i thought i am a little awkward
TaCorrion Golden I thought this was you
Just read some of my tweets from my college days. Ooo chile.
umm what does pushing the button means tho?? Lol this is kinda awkward for me still love ya wufan
My baby
Dude order more in honor of the people who live in the Midwest and have access to nyc tier chinese food
coz home, sleep again
ya the last part was right yall gotta get passed the pats first
"I'm gonna spend the rest of the day sweating out skittles"
- Right on, Brother Crass
im sorry but why are they battling about the second best? have they already established ehats the best one?
Like I said in our last video I squatted without my knee sleeves for a long while now that I think
Aki
trynna pin sumn up tonight
I don't think he's gonna have this "new family" 4 long after she sees the apartment lol and
hehehe truuu
HVAC, interesting... Kena design air-conditioning system juga eh
im at the movies.......
Brandon can fall asleep in 5 mins or less. Must be nice not worrying about every single aspect of your life.
I real life think done drinking.
Dodged a bullet
Your hands are so beautiful and I know a weird compliment but felt a compulsion to tell you
I was totally with ya but only for health
Achei perdida na galeria
A guy stay fucked up for a bit but a girl be fucking around with another man a week later smh
If I had a man love me from sun up to sun down I guarantee ya
A little bit a cleavage goes a long way
Hi crush Hello
Are you lucky enough to live in a city filled with beautiful people?
patiently (or not so much) waiting for the video to go up before I go to sleep since I have to be up early
Wait so who ends up with Yuki? Kaname or Zero?
My mood trash
A Party... During GHOE.. Ima Let Think Bout That One And Just The Kickoff Lawddd
Looks like attempting my first try at some home made Chipotle rice lol... wish me luck
as long as u play crew in ur set def be at ur function all the time lmfao u & ur ying yang twins lit though lol
Mexicana is coming for Nivea's wig
YES! thank you. have to wait til morning tho
Just let your bitch fend for herself. She a pussy
I used to make mixed CDs for my the little things
Yallllllllll If I ever decide to alter my body and go overboard like Kim someone stop me pls. Google Kim 2007 compared to 2017
I really hope they release Code Vein before GE3 or Sekiro Shadows Die Twice because I can aford all three of them
You know we perfect but we dam close
but part of them may not even follow her to iz*one
Ay bro sex can actually help with the cramps
I got 2 fast passes up until 11:30 probably be here til close
Just finished paying off this year of college thank god
Enjoy this Jay edit | Srry if it blurry
I ever choose just one (yes all of these look the same..)
Full body vid as requested deleting soon
Dang Ain No Chill on this Good Sunday.
Can't lie tho I try tho I'll die trying that's a common death
me but just because they give me a straw
Also sincere apologies if I am filling your TL's with copious amounts of me playing Spiderman I just love it too much
Horrible lmao the real ones who got floss it
Omg geez your so cute like god I it but I love it :3 This hate mail D:< But thanks
Fr, girls still be having my name in their mouth
and this shit
going to electrocute myself one of these days trying to find the holes to wall outlets for my phone charger in the dark
Err
When we have money
Giving up Twitter is the hardest out of all social media
I can't shut up?
yes im so scared of you please love me
Girrllll moscatos are amazing, my fave. But once you try other brands, you wanna go back
My washer has gone rogue it won't stop washing
Send help
I have a three pages paper due Tuesday and two exams this week stressing
I think everybody should mind their own business
Ahah thank you We can't just jump into conclusions because someone said it's true before analysing
Its definitely on Tuesdays
already thinking about what going to eat for lunch tomorrow.
Next up, pumpkin patch.
I have a three page paper due Tuesday and two exams this week stressing
Ahh put the pressure on me now lol , I appreciate you too
Old pictures make me so happy I love being able to remember the moment the picture was taken & everything that led up to it
the music been better but i liked it. after about the 5th time watchin, it brought a lil tear to my eye
My guy has to be mean like me
Home redecorating is an addiction. I guess it shows in the photos.
now he fell asleep. And I was serious. I need to know the rise over run damn cat.
AHHH I love saying hi to you guyss omg ur amazinggg
My mom brother and I started it today and we have 2 more episodes left
sorry .
Hahahah oh is it a ritual Tuesday thing now
Stepping out my comfort zone tomorrow
thank you bebe bat ka ol
Burned thru dd season 3
CranApple giving me the best of both worlds
You and what Nigeria? Safe attacking sha
Nice for what to these niggas?
by: Sabri
I wish I could have read this before
If this shit ain't me
I just felt the tl deserved to see my baby
Road to 3.00
I actually do see Seth looking like Stewie
5 bets in a row
I really hope they release Code Vein before GE3 or Sekiro, I can't afford to buy all of them
I always give the lord his praise
Why Sara
Thank you doll! :) & maybe, until they get crammed into a pet carrier for seven hours
Guilty
La duerme
Good.. especially when you woke up.. new pics of sejeong will come up.. tehee Truee
Where am I? Once again these guys are confusing me.
I'm fucking late on this
Fact: everyone thinks im an alcoholic.
Just want one person not gonna show half ass interest is that too much to ask
So ready to be boo'd up and give someone all my attention
i went to church today for the first time in 2 years and fr fr i felt myself burning up in there
Need me a recap from last night
makanya golden rules itu gimmick, not excatly a rules
Except when you could win money off of it
BORA GANHAR SEGUIDORES
DE FAV E RT PRA ESPALHAR
COMENTE PARA INTERAGIR
SEGUE QUEM DEU RT E FAV
If bored gonna start cleaning
99.9 percent of the time me but im still blaming you
Sunday scaries are in full swing today.
Just gets worse when the babe is here
I read the sign
This is the part in superstar bts that always end me, my fingers just can't keep up
Got to lurk the page once in a while
Yep- might become one of the most explosive of all time they might even be able to beat Bama
I am definitely not one of those... ha Ha hA HA
2 weeks out and still no cravings, just craving for no more cardio!!
Sangre, Sudor y Gloria ?
GOT IT!!! Thank you!
Pindah office makin stress
Happy birthday nih hp baru
Eh btw ngomong ngomong ya?
I'm not scared of a snake but bet your ass if a possum comes running at me I'm running and never looking back
All my rants are about real life. No need to get offended (just in case).
I know anyone personally here thank goodness.
You sure not because the dragon inside?
Oh really? Sorry, I've been misinformed then thanks for the info!
yeah right...idk if my heart can handle seeing this many of my faves in one spot
wait to enjoy the college life
One of my significant locations on my maps is a frat house
erm.... pretty sure your app has got a bit of a formatting issue here unless this is a special
2000!? Mire cuantos dicen ve
When they say they don't like me
me:
ctto
oh my and sobbing again, are we surprised? no i love you more than anything beautiful, from the
Yeah unfortunately
I made the mistake of starting A Man in the High Castle last night. Barely got any sleep laat night
Think bout time for bed
Wins $3 million, then promises to give away $100 million. And people still retweet it
We say she fell pregnant too in french
Americans say that?
Ohh Nate you two always in trouble together.
HA ur good, the last photo i had was frank ocean i changed it just now to clear up
Say it with your chest
...what about me.? Was a time ...
Alhamdulillah TabarakAllah routine accomplished
Re-up incase you missed it!
Still in disbelief! Show your Mum & Dad!
aksjdkfff was literally going to say
Unfollwed
Moooood!!! And i just started my new jon like...7 weeks ago
I have almost replied and then thought better of it and stopped on so many of them
you mean the TWO GAMES that they played
breaks the internet again!
literally pictured on the can
wish i knew, cause apparently it ain't nothing wrong with me
Nak link maira. For research purpose
This be me in the summer too
This was me 10 days before I had Ryver chunkier than that now
Ohhhh yeahhh I remember seeing that this morning smh
I gotta pack lunches for tomorrow but so ready to just knock out
Oh my fuckin god no
horrible so happy she is not the president
i may or may not be slightly allergic to alcohol. could be gluten. idk. i def have to take it slow now
Run it back season gonna take a fat L again in the playoffs
Me literally every day
Lmao. I have PTO to use anymore but reminder to me to still take care of myself while taking care of
watch this
Moving in less than a week and I have nothing ready.
Ooh granular actived carbon, sebab current jobscope most on the HVAC part
Macam familiar je, hari tu
hi i dmed !! hehe
Good luck and also I hope I'm not contributing by popping notifications at you
my 2nd, my 1st was the 2015 concert in London been so long since seen
a Latina & a Scorpio so that lol
He did this last year to Kosta koufos as well. Buddy is a certified killer at this
Someone likely uploaded the song ft marteen but directly deleted it
oh phew i thought it was haleigh and fessy he was referring to
Going back from my semi-hiatus. This means Imma be alone again
I always get confused between the two.
My back was in so much pain and falling 3 rows of bleachers did not help at all... yikes
Tomorrow makes 100 days that christian has been gone & tbh it has went by so fast
ok im bout to schedule a tour of these apartments
Well too late to back out now
I want wine hard right now but tomorrow is Monday
Here's a song for all you boppers out there
haters try to knock me for the shit that blessed wit
Most that red is empty space, unhabitable land LMAO he won by a
worried about me and worried about me iconic it
Idk about this whole engagement thing bro
Bout to go to a haunted house for the first time. not scared
Logging off now
I help that the same post reminded me of 3 of my boos but I mean it was a funny post cmon
Imagine stressing over a Cowboys game
Healing, lottery win and beauty. Lol
Very inviting
Yeah we all work but never slowed us down before we will probably be going all night
Eric hates pictures
Ah yes, Act 4
Yeah dude I feel like in a spiral with limitless energy during that part
Literally guaranteed to see one there
Thanks! when I check hoping my faves did well as a wedding gift to me, as clearly important here
A woman's abs are like something magical (47 Photos)
Mine is being sober and still falling asleep with makeup on
5 days in and all I miss about California is Disneyland
I know what I'll be doing in for Barcelona to win without Messi
YESSS no problem
thank god this week is academically chill cause these extracurriculars got ya girl scresssed
prro
soon as i get to work niggas become comedians
Off to wooork!
Leaving problems for me is one of my worst qualities
I hate texting ... but not tryna ft either
Something like that
Does Uniqlo accept alterations for pre-loved Uniqlo pants? So I obvs have the receipt
Yess! And bird too...
Girl idk how going to hold off like that good luck haha we stop watching
Major regrets agreeing to work tonight but also making back all the money I spent this weekend soooo
already set my New Year Resolutions..... A lot of changes for 2019!
guilty
Exactly!!
nman Good morning brad Monday na ulit ready ka na ba?
You mean... "Be free and solo like me" by mr. Jhope ?
Get outta here!
Sooo is everyone getting engaged or married
Mine broke at the same spot this month can relate
Thank god Harden stayed out of it
i wait to graduate ... only 14 more months
Got one flight booked out of a gazillion needed for our honeymoon
Alright sweet Imma have to check when I get back home later tonight because I recently moved
Ima talk during sports my bad but ill talk about the game
They trynna bring him down
the same problem having
Sorry na po!.
I feel like everyone just discovered haunting of hill house. Meanwhile me and my friends been finished it
Factsss I always hold my breath before I go in there cuz ik it's gone stank
Just came back down 1-5 and won 7-5
Mahomes is they ass up
I just happened across your Boosette and just happened to see you at a con the next day You
seems like everyone has cod bo4
meanwhile, i'm sitting here having never played a cod game b4
Just dropped $70 on groceries being an adult is all fun and games until you have to buy your own food lmao
Warm fuzzies watching this!! Congrats on your first victory!!
for Week 3 of Week 3 is going to be a little late but will be done. _
I am stressing so much about what i am doing with my life and its triggering me because i really dont know
I totally forgot I went online shopping on amazing last night and spent 85$ at 4am
Facts and that's just too much for my broke ass
Today, I will try to be productive as possible to make bawi for the 2 days that I prisoned myself
literally you all the time.. so why tweet it?
You already knew that though
My anxiety is soaring
Kk will voye to Cherie
if this me, I know what is...
if anyone wants to buy me a gift hmu with a new MacBook.. mine just broke sos
so down! it takes Whiskey a little while to get used to new dogs though so always cautious hahah
Either imma get blocked or followed smh
Can I please have an update on Sony Michel?
but anything super hydrating makes me break out so bad. like wake up with ten blemishes
we're trying to take the phone away from her
I feel like this is us
Probably should have stopped adding lines a few minutes ago
The nightmares
I was teady to requet for Sallys focus when I saw that its hana monents only.
Scenes in the forest in the middle of the night always make me so nervous for the character in it
Do you like mythology? What mythological creature do you prefer? Mga Paasa. Di joke lang
Is there a rehab for hobby lobby addicts?
Same with mine make it worth
Rosarito won this time around
Are you in my apartment ? be home in like 45, we need to do the quiz
22 and nowhere near
trocando olhares / peguei
High key drinking Emergence-C all winter
Sorry about the LMG
I find a hiding spot for my sandals as soon as I get there
It's funny coz non of them born in Seoul
Those pics are beautiful bdw
not that good at makeup but I hate myself for wearing blue/purple eyeliner on my waterline in middle school
Haha adik sis x follow pun sis, sis jer follow dia. Nsb dia x block
Top top top for whole crew
Why you delete your comment ? i got the notification already
Exactly babe.
damn old enough to remember when u made fun of me for listening 2 rap and u only listened to country music
Mirror mirror on the wall (35 Photos)
hello gays, does anyone have a recommendation for where i can buy a good quality clear iphone case? i trust sites that much
b*tch be like:
I have a side tattoo. No thighs, yet.
I love you I feel like my soul sister link up
I need friend too.. Im new too
No
she needs to watch some episodes from zoey 101!!
I lowkey thought you was coming home today until Vante told me different
I turned crazy
Where to watch WH??
In a British dialect too
with that being said - anyone with a custom order.. thank u for your patience in advance
Nigga please
Dude I had this account for forever & I only started tweeting for extra credit for an Art class
I fucked everybody I fucked more than once
it's not what I usually make at all, a lot more slower and emotional
definitely going to sleep extra early tonight.
In the mood to break a back
Lol it definitely comes through when it needs too
Run me my money
idk why but i been in the mood for country lately, like yeehaw
a struggle finding a costume when you have a thic body
Everyone at work thinks 20 years old at the oldest take it.
Glad my first account got suspended
it was im sorry wuv u
WARNING: Dangerous curves ahead (26 Photos)
Sometimes you gotta let them breathe (35 Photos)
Me throwing off my own groove cause I'm not smooth at flirting
Please lord let this week go by just as fast as this weekend did
Everything need a reaction stoopid
been since my baby was like a year old be 4 next month
That was a good one
Didn't know Rami Malek has a twin.
i thought i was the only one
Funky Shemale Will Fuck and Suck You Dry
when a leftist self righteous feminist ensues her non cited claims as 'not being hyperbolic.'
Stuck at JFK for an extra couple of hours flight to LA has been delayed. What are the chances of finding a Kombucha here?
Just need my criminal justice mid term
Who is bitter now besides me?
ll Skye like my layout
Because of the hat
I manage to get mine But im just suspicious on how they have many seat locked
I think u'll be too tense to sleep
Lol dude arent u at work?
Let me just say I have mad respect for anyone who does ceramic floors daily
so damn tired everyday Idk
Rondo definitely punched on CP tho them first 2 punches hurt em
This calls for war! Fight your worry!
Here's the mini cover
s good question... should we print the shirts?
LOL it's too late now!
i have a test tomorrow at school and not even prepared for it
21 in 2 hours... now my soulmate at
Emily from TCU just enrolled at Chive U (30 Photos)
Oh my well the same thing could be said the other way around. Hillary lie? Obama has lied
Ohh gonna be observing real life surgeries in a few days. Sooo excited.
Oops! Sorry (not sorry) about the double-rec - I haven't read anything
Good times!
Lol send a pic if you watch the play that was his first read and the
Oh they dun messed up. You don't take on Carol or Rick without an army.
You need a bundlesto be pretty
Only photobook and outer case
Perfect gif Our poor Hirate going to hate the center position if is that she don't hate now but I imagine that she does.
been a rough weekend for Ohio sports
On god you know we gone be lit wait.
My thanksgiving is going to be stressful. be spending it with both my parents for the first time in 13 years.
Photo grabbed ba't man witty ikaw? Akin ka nalang hihi as a friend
Ok not mad no more. I even know that person personally, that helps
Plus my tweet rant helps clear my mind.
Trueeeee! I had a period in 19 months and I almost forget what like
i have a test tomorrow at school and not even prepared for it but just gonna drink this beer for now
I feel like I should get an award for how fast replying to texts tonight like wow I know I had it in me
Babies first night in their cribs........ taken my eyes off the baby monitor yet
Vai logo duas
Good morning!!!
Kin apa
i am so very sorry, love. It was you, my poor heart just break down
Which makes it even crazier
Yawa ingon ani sad ko sauna shes memorizing the multiplication table
Can someone give me the link of yuta's voice...i am an android user
Oo nga ate, wish we have more time w/ her
EPISODE GOD, I HAVE SIN AGAIN. Lol, WHY THE DEVIL MAKE DO I'M JUST SAYING
Dapat pag ganun agad eh. Is this your shoes na order ba??
OMG! read my fullname nakakaconscious pala marinig fullname on air
they probably left the stove on
Would judge me if I wear a durag on durag day
starting to think I have my heart into secretly written on my forehead for only guys to see
Mina is in the room with her now.... Uh she'll be okay soon
So, how many DMs did you get?
You know what.. keep it
Money idc I had to look again cause I need allll lat and baby too
Unblock mo muna ako twitter
See the key is to get cool with whoever working the door so they can hold your shit if you at a
estoy in need de ir a la playa.
not that excited but when is sir???
So my first video have game audio . still gonna upload cause the gameplay was tight ! Also gonna
Lmao my husband the real mvp why
Bruh they are just iMessage games chill
My stomach hurts I knew I have ate knowing I was already feeling sick. I just made myself feel worse
eh no im just reffering to myself tweet without any intention pun. chill2 je
it much work
I'm so sorry for going to the green side. I get zero texts from our basement now
Starting to plan my wedding
thanks for remembering me
Yeah, that completely makes sense! Mine was over 100 but I've slowly been making progress.
Tf? niggas really different
bru im done nigga said louisiana only known for hot sauce
'Electric Fan
Wifi Connected
Lutong bahay is Good
This kind pf sembreak be like at Brgy. Balakilong
we talk I stalk lol what who came up with this not saying they lying lol
One thing that I need to say about is: What a mess
EPISODE GOD, I HAVE SIN AGAIN. Lol, WHY THE DEVIL MAKE DO I'M JUST SAYING
EPISODE GOD, I HAVE SIN AGAIN. Lol, WHY THE DEVIL MAKE DO I'M JUST SAYING
Extremely! Functioning for a living can get a little exhausting
Brizeu d'party!
I said I was coming dont sleep on me I aint out here working 50+ hours a week and networking for nothing...
Bitch u green and I like my bitches mean
for someone whose at plateau, i do really have a lot of wishes & hopes do i even deserve to?
Bih really tried it
Still lit tho
You'll be sleeping with the light on tonight
Hahahhh exactly I hope so
Had a random craving for deviled eggs, so guess what doing instead of finishing my homework
Real bare no makeup, no clothes
mannn, you could have at least made out with someone who was worth it
Cherry Bomb eng ver sounds.... quieter(?) cleaner (?) than k ver
I love when siblings be bonding me and sister chose a different caption tho
I told you not to pull up
Hey internet, let the memes start...
Jajajaj not anymore but(t)... from time to time... i like your face more i gotta admit
thank you
From long time
That looks like the face of a pup who isn't quite sure how he got like that or how exactly to get out of it what a cutie!
The stress radiating from , , and I's group snap is unreal some days
I am actually also this one... The 57 Bus by Dashka Slater 34/50
It must be nice to have a loving grandmother. My grandma on my dads side sizes me and glared at me at my aunts funeral like fuck
My homework is definitely due at 11:59pm and im definitely having a fashion show in my room atm
Hey, find me a producer. cut a deal
My daddy think he gone keep my car for a week when it come tieddd of the Mario cart boss
The amount of times I say "bareback" instead of "bar back" at work is umm... alot
I think I should padala it already soon
Modo actual
Also maybe she wants us to read the article fam, in conclusion "Attention" so, we better off, don't
Ang rest day sa CSU kay tingbuhat ug projects, assignments, thesis ug uban pa.
Had to grab the new ciroc. But when to crack it open
I'll see your beautiful disaster and raise you a hot mess
iloveyou bebeboy! wag ka muna lumaki
If I cut you off on the freeway ooops
My first thought
They say videos are always better
I love you bro its been a minute man. I mean what can i say Miss you bro cant wait till winter break
Just watched new video and realized I am the exact same and I need to come organize my life
it lowkey hurts a lott but i trippin
2 shows this weekend
Good morning
Today is workdo not overdo it
Hmm. This made me c
Want a whatachicken
Got to work at 12 & I just got home
I mean
I started Law & Order SVU on Hulu today and I'm 100% sure that it was the worst idea ever
& what has it been so far lol?
Lol my auto trans has a sense of humor
Cowboys will forever be a 8-8 team
Thank U
I should have thought of this.
Hopefully everything works
LIVE NOW -
Why all putting Todoroki in this. Let Zuko have his moment
Can I just wake up to like something so sweet one day cry like a message or ya know just knowing someone cares
These horoscope posts gotta be stopped
My auto trans it's funny
Hoecoming
Our store is haunted by a ghost we call Timmy and he honestly just seems like one of our coworkers
I need to get in the gym I don't feel like myself
When trying to keep things cool and collected but you can already feel yourself snapping anytime soon
I go both ways now
Um desses
Hopefully my future girl got a cool ass family
bg stans 2016: blackpink are sooo talented jennie and lisa are HOT we loooovvee rap queens saved 2016
In hindsight, as a person who is always cold, maybe working at a grocery store the best idea
Have you ever felt like a part of you is lost cause same
i have the worst luck with cars
Mood: Where you at though?
So excited to spend 11 hours travelling tomorrow.
Working On Getting My Shit Fully Together Then Think About Fw Somebody
The caption tho
Love that I waited until the night before due to start an 8-10 page paper
starting the week off good: our shower has standing water in it and drain
Amazing! The only highest shiny IV I got was a 65%
What people should really do is wish you a happy day after your 21st bc I have felt like death all day long
I weighed myself in room & either the scales broken bc it said I was 150 pounds
see if I can beat my steps today
The worst
[] Erm, check her stats. Cera is a raid boss for a reason, love. []
I swear I devote my time to Netflix than anything else
The highlight of work meeting today was me explaining how the word heck is just hell and fuck put together
I put one on my story but it that specific one
when I wanna introduce u to my crazy mama , real . make or break us forreal lmao
dia 21: Hice lo posible
I feel like the were like 10 years ago lol
Invite me to your Halloween parties... please and thank you
Finally out
My, oh my! Looks like Soros money to me!!
I had that too! It was the first tv I ever had
not the church the tornado siren
fr i might want you to, never know
Comeback is just around the corner, but here i am still waiting for the guide version of
sorry that aggression even for you having a heated text argument
you might find this funny
Accidentally activated my Livestream while setting up my Stream Deck
been watching say yes to the dress a lot lately & I officially started a If I ever get married Pinterest board..
Any finsubs want to pay me to go to the gym haha that would be a motivation & just get even hotter for you
Did I really spend $215 on the Jaclyn Hill and Morphe brush collection? Yes, yes I did
Thanks, I hope so
Put the before and what do you get? haha By the way my head looks like a
ohh no Coach not you too I just do it
I really want to unfollow you just to be annoying....
How do I get in early mate? Cyber discord group buy?
Inggit! I miss the greenery, all i see here is fine dust, dust, and more dust
Me: Omg Grandma I have some TEA to spill for you!
Grandma: GIRL! waste tea like that.
I want it to be Saturday already
And that was my last piercing. Now onto tattoos
I saw one second and turned it off
Defense
just trying be great
really up this weekend
Did I really spend $215 on the Jaclyn Hill and Morphe brush collection? Yes, yes I did
what do you mean old stays
World Trade Centre.
Hahaha sad but true
Truly
Had gray hairs before this
I have all of those except a bangin body, care to make a compromise?
had lots of practice
all ready but just been hit by this wave of nausea. be online as soon as it passes
Girl I'm scared! Like I want to but
If it helps always disliked the Dodgers BUT deserve the spot
I still do it ironically (sometimes unironically)
Slight shit
love that fake nigga shit
Haha! Thanks, she is growing up so fast. We are very lucky to have such a happy baby.
Chill i was hacked lol
Totally kidding RT to piss some Chiefs haters off
Lucky I take a pic you got this one
Yeah this was my first planned use case for dhall. I got lost in entity/model design of an app though.
New hair, who dis?
He massaged me first, bruh. He asked me a question...pero secret na Tapos I asked him back tutal magka-usap na
We still in the first my friend sry if I know what to do I will tell u
Yo
Like allllll the evidence against him vs. his color. Oh damn, yeah must be his color
Kesel banget bacanya
How I wish I can be this artistic
good. Just had some weird thoughts last night
happy Monday!? when Monday is your favourite day , you know winning my dear
probably or maybe i was just confused
That was too much work
get started after this week cuz exams sis
Fell asleep a lot earlier than usual now up.
I wore makeup once upon a time
sometimes i am literally the cashier
He is so adorable
Do you here because you want a treat Oppa?
Little ceasers pizza is a 50/50 either your gonna get a good pizza or a nasty one. no in between , as of today we got a good one
Well... If you jump like hulk you maybe need to pay all the dissaster after each jump
for real tooooooo goofy for my own good
Pilled
Yeah been good for me. It happened to me yet while in a game. Hopefully I just jinx myself.
Fighting with Sam is never a good idea
The accuracy of twitter sometimes is scary
Really looking forward to get 1
Cause i never had ONE
I guess you can say I was a Lit-gyptian
You're a huge fan of Bogar.
Obsessed with Kitchen Nightmares
I never knew how much like liked dry shampoo until I started nursing school
Podemos mandar a Mariela Celis al miss universo... Tiene pipii
Since you the one who is told to read it I'm truly wanna read it but can't found it anywhere tho
Cabei..
Ficou boa? Notas de 0 a 10
= Menino Feliz
Whoa, whoa, whoa, I want no problems-just comfort in this fall weather lol.
No traigo maquillaje
my birthday
it was really nice. wish it lasted longer tho
Bruise Day 17: Almost gone. still a knot underneath it.
just not feeling that dance
I loveeee babies but i just want nun of my own crazy right ?
I'm surprisingly optimistic (of others) for someone who thinks so negatively of herself.
Fuck man skipping class is turning into a Fkn habit
speaking
we have 7 lol
I still think wild how thanksgiving is about a month away. This year flew by
I always knew she liked me
4 Uhr Nachts.... man sich ja sonst nicht kappa
What a day
Its fine, I have some shots with it and it makes for a good story to tell~!
I thought with all the caption they already married for 1 month. But baru couple sebulan
Ok.
She always says that! I have to remind her I eat, breath, and sleep news
first customer sa dcream
too many things going on.. I keep up baylor
Yeah I SOOO close to hitting that brisket button before I saw it
the guy. spill the beans please. not gained a follower in 9 days
Setting up an guess the SSID
Love the music too!
ICA FOKUS CA FOKUS
Finally got a good matchup in fantasy this week
Ah que caray
parcial de math a primera hora
this used to be me...
Why has this been a joke
You probably have
Luke knows a lot more about than I do, he might be able to give you feedback/ideas?
I missed the game unfortunately
Way back when instagram (and tumblr!) a thing
Menanti
Sorry but I just couldn't resist..!
But now I have 4 Metagross's!
a 87%, a 91%, and two 71% ones.
I honestly miss these days.
Oigan estoy planeando hacer un Periscope, les late la idea ?
Denme ideas
okay but likkkkeeee who the surgeon ? askin fa ah friend .
I just sent in my pledge, but not sure if it's too late. Please let me know if I still made the cut?
I got blocked. oops.
Foi erro mesmo
what a day im glad i dont have classes tomorrow
All of the housewives this weekend pretending they like one another
i really really do praying hard for that chance
I CANT ACCEPT THE FACT THAT IM A MONTH OLDER THAN OUR GENIUS KIM HANBIN! I feel so old
Or turn on his power...or say "let's go to a hotel."
???????
it would be amazing if you wished me luck for the tons of homework i have yet to finish
someone send me a playlist; put me onto some new chunesss (preferably apple music)
What is this Ella?
It's unavailable.
Te creo
Mood I have the same
essa good vibe foi 100% tonts
I couldn't sleep cos I slept in on lazy Sunday!! and had to get up at 5ish for work alrdy
Maritza likes watching the Patriots win
Sorry for running late in the stream
Also stream will be about an hour later today! A few things I have to do before stream
I mean that my business but still be there for him
May your three day weekend be filled with tiny bikinis (98 Photos)
be here suffering together!
I read that as you and yuna are alive
I only saw Lays train. I did not see the oishi one
Posible she had a flat tire, the idea is move most of the weight to the from well and by that
This child of mine is testing me
este otro... Lol...
AHA! Finally some REAL journalism!
Fechando a noite
Im sorry dm me
Yessss I even fast forward the part where Ho Chul is singing. It's irritating for me
yeonwoo's laugh is a music to my ear
This drunk guy sitting with my dad drinking eres tan
se,
must be nice to be laid up in bed with your boo
shit just go it hell
surprise me
Sometimes the writing makes me feel guilty but I don't have a problem saying I enjoy the show regardless
This whiskey got me feeling pretty. So pardon if impolite
Yaaas, so exciteeed and I feel you, twitter really needs an editing button
Shiddd.. Now these just some options I put together ..You have play everything... but yea
Forreal though
be up all night doing homework fun
come in here sitting down shake that...yea you know
Before and after
oh you like anacondas??? Me too
This attitude though
a bad season for football players.
Finally got my necklace back let's pray Landon doesn't break it or I think my fiance might kill us both
Oh arassso. If they breakup I will miss their lovely kissesssss.
can i barrow some the confidence from the guys on my timeline dayum
omg yes!!! blessing in disguise ily alwayssss
Familia still champions and kings here. Respect the champ Mount Airy, Pennsylvania
forget to check out The Wrecks, they have a ton of songs out but enough
I know what it is about me that makes people treat me like a child
Hope this tweet is not dedicated to me.
been getting all on my philosophy exams which I THOUGHT was the class kicking my ass.
then im hilarious
It's my straight agenda too. Finally doing something right.
If someone could send me a guy that wants to do cute fall stuff appreciate it
At least I wasn't wearing patterned or fishnet
Especially when already fucking w. somebody sex is better
Hate a flexing ass nigga g if you fuck with her you fuck with her
As you know, professors like to talk and gonna be a looooooong morning
Computer aided molecular modelling.
I'm so impatient. We don't even have that much longer to wait, but I still just wish RM would drop already.
My carpet is soaked gotta lay down more than one towel next time see what happened on my private
Tyani been over since 7:30am today and we watched the whole season of Hauting of Hills House
I gave up and watched shows with my family. Maybe now we can finally merge things and get a release out.
She just squirted all over the comforter
Tell me about it :( just tryna spread good vibes & love but people will always have something to say
why I talk to you anymore
I had a hella productive weekend. amazing what you can all get done when you sleep until 3pm both days
well now I can find that in the shopping cart at least
Cabei..
Ficou boa? Notas de 0 a 10
= Menino Feliz
Im An Aries, But With A Gemini Moon No Wonder Mutha Fucker Stand Aries & Gemini
Honest dm and bc driving and im bored
it's super long
fuck all night till things get right
About to watch the last episode of Making a Murderer season 2. We started watching it 2 days ago.
.@narushowpodcast look at what I have to deal with
Nube biting my neck makes everyone think i have hickes. Fuck off
Was hitting 200 yards like nothing today
Wqwq btw saya jd laper
the stress of having to push down the record and play button at the same time
Aw eric
Kaget aku our kenjumma's fans
And Robotnik HAS RED AND BLACK EYES! Eggman always wears Glasses so I thought "its probably his cousin"
ranch is the best w/ anything, especially wings
I've done this when I'm not sure battery for bluetooth ones will hold out -BB
I felt like I got interrogated by the FBI
Gaps can help cure the Monday blues (37 Photos)
normal, you hit
they make me want to check out Team9
i only know Miu at this moment
Kyknya crew IMS, iKONIC deh sering bgt MV diputer pas credit title, dr love scenario killing me
So.. Zachariah peed one me while I was changing his diaper....
These are the face cards for the four suits. The art is...not consistent about showing the suit's object.
He seems out of breath already
Everyone on YouTube is kinda poppin and I'm really proud
There we go
Holy shit i forgot the My Hero Academia game coming out this month gonna preorder it real quick right now
total opposite, I gain weight and fit in them
So proud of youuuuu
Late dinner! Kain, mga ka-jeje!
(Dab)/God, Marriage and a Baby
i started stressing out about my senior quote bc it is due tmo but then i realized not even in the yearbook so i even need one
The long overdue AUGUST VLOG will be uploaded tomorrow
(also, I promise to catch up on the
Sorry Diana, I think I'm with Brianne on this one.
I found my twin
i feel so blessed
Moooove over the queen is here
j cole or kendrick ahhh do this idk i been with both since way back in middle school, my fav 2 rappers
Always the struggle
Context needed
Your love life maybe tumbleweed but your sex life is something else entirely different ...
Meron kaming rice cooker, pero wala na kaming rice..
If you are driving in the fast lane pls drive FAST for fucks sake
My car has had an empty tank for 3 days and I really waited til today to fill it up just so I could get 20 cents off at shell
Ahh so wish it was coming to a store close to me. I have a wishlist that could make anyone go broke lol
EU TO FELIZ PRA CRLH
MEU FEZ 4X0, MELHOR PRESENTE DE HJ DEPOIS DA SURPRESA QUE MINHA ME
sorry for the get off
NCT convincing me to keep my iphone the struggle is real since I prefer android lol
Cold asab here in VA but ready be hot af when I hit Florida
Bat ambobo mo? Inborn par!
I helped the biggest crackhead today at vans.. it was sad to see somebody in such bad shape
It kept my mind off of it for a few hours
Well work is gonna suck tomorrow
i have but dont tell her shhh
I thought I was going to lose to you
One of the wildest weekends On so many levels.
You wild af
Only reason I wanted to go to that Gates concert was bc I know he finna perform the entire Luca Brasi 3 album
Lst nyt was very tiring pero strong kame
Why does decorating a home gotta be so expensive. Im not trying to ball out like that.
Definitely not a good idea to wear a grey sweat pants.
Gosh!
Desce whisky infinito
Two exams this week.... and then party. Just gotta make it through these 4 days
come my dad can buy weed but buy me a
-12 year old cousin
Well actually from Texas but I moved to Vermont a couple years ago
Doggystyle fuck on couch Maryjane_18
they make me want to check out Team8
i only know Miu at this moment
Right? Idk how people like you can stand me... sanayan na lang, I guess
only been one full week since fall break ended but already counting down until Christmas break
Grocery shopping with my well-behaved boys! Napagod sa swing sa park ung isa kaya knocked-out na. Lol!
Literally watch your money swim away fancy
Please do find your float starboard
Maleficent is the weirdest Disney movie I have ever watched seriously so dark
You real life can never go wrong with the robot!
Got cheated on Got mad Cried Realized that worth more than this Found someone new
Ok this con
I ain't even funny. but I'm a good listener
the worst at replying to texts omggg. I just read them, reply in my head, and forget I actually type or send anything
Kendra Orr, LPN me
I know not reading that right?!
.
Just Steph Curry doing Steph Curry things.
(:
Today was my cheat day and oooh boy did I chow down RIP all my progress
Wait it's today? Oh crap
Short notice. next timeeeeeee
Not all fat ones are good
A2: Sweat-proof countless headphones, even those that they are
I got C46 to board what tf is wrong with me
song lyrics will hit you so hard
Capar itu pacar sih
Hot damn! I need to get back into the gym again because I haven't been since I was in the wreck I'm
Gonna miss my t Swift year, Jordan year is gonna be all about owning up to my shit
lol I tell if my soul hurts or if anxiety is just building up in my chest
Actual factual ... He was really styling on'em up there!
I broke those same rules when I went to Vegas.
Basically what I use my Twitter for
Idk how to start a conversation sooo bare with me and my awkwardness
Nu sentral sold out
I suddenly missed my long hair
Lol Rebelution was a lit time for sure
long story, im a clutz
And the agony of defeat...
bahagia betul hidup dia ni
Toni Gonzaga on the track beybi~ wth is happening to me rn
I'm putting Big Bank on the Chiefs in the Superbowl. Dont me,, just cash app me
Nakakastress tong year na to promise!
Speaking of being fat...
In other news, recently changed my major y'all! Here comes more student debt
How you girls prepare -
Tomorrow is M O N D A Y a next week a new day -
Thank you sweet thing
The best part of being married is not needing to worry about wedding planning anymore that was so stressful
I felt the love in this video
Happy late birthday lost track of the days this weekend my fault coach
Blonde babes making out on bed
I kind of miss my blonde hair
Haha this sleep after crying finna b so good.
I need some new shoes in my life
Watching Haunted on Netflix. Guess sleeping with their Mema tonight...
literally combust
Good morning, full technical
Do you usually shave or wax your pussy? Is it bare now or not? Shave. Nope it's not
Otw to
in our blood
Main game pon emosi. Sabar laa takot nanti maxis block teruih nombor awak lagi
touch down ph
Si splitthemoon ba 'to?
Honestly????? The lyrics for cherry bomb eng ver is so cool??????? And this ver sounds cleaner and less uh loud than the korean one
I would love some Olive Garden rn
Please bless me with some self confidence, show me the way I have some but not enough
have been real, so it looks like you won
Omg if this me
That was the quickest trip to the 209
Broke my no-MC streak after 1.5 years
Wish they would stop pestering me. not buying for anyone but myself right now
I still don't this outfit
it was Halloween 2011 matter of fact
Prepare for cuteness overload
I lost my whole belly button ring and ion even know how long been out, luckily I realized it was gone today and put another one in
Lol Tez do not start .. u can like it tho thank u
just sitting there all messed up
Meanwhile been downloading since Friday and not even at 50% yet
Question is, will you ever be ready?
Cual urraca
Tf.
i wish i could just buy all the skincare and makeup in the world from sephora
I gotta smart ass mouth but shy as fuck how that work
You know what fair on it
Lalat e...
man, this day a year ago
que les parece
I liked a video No Problem, Im An Elementary Student Too..
I added a video to a playlist No Problem, Im An Elementary Student Too..
They are embarrassing them
Hitting up my old hoes
I merely asked her to wait till her throat gets fine. Aap aur kuch na
Please go easy next weekend
Duty later by 8PM.
that's why I watch such stuff during the day with doors and windows open and keep the room as bright as possible!!
late but
why again ?
Is it just me? Or no one actually read the follow up post? The guy wanted to raise money for django
if these legends can juggle school and D&D, we can finally get a campaign going
Trying out some different paper for I could sure go for a nice bath bomb myself...
I thought they were lying about junior year
Fr. Then once you think you got what he likes figured out, he switches up again
Got to see some good faces at
Twitch Con is next weekend and sj is about to be hella packed
I keep all my pics and videos
be down!
Oof why is this me
Laptop also works, most laptops have cameras! I recorded my whole video on my laptop
Ikr, he was killing me the whole time! no pun intended
I step out of my bedroom and it's the arctic
What kind of tech would I need to keep an aura of heat
cute-a liam jod oy
haha, ive been so focused on paperwork all day i didnt even realize how late it got... seems like itll just be an all nighter!
That's not creepy at all
Nothing annoys me more than when people smack their food. Damn it makes my blood boil
My stupid ass will either have you fall in love , or wish you never met me , no in between
she prolly setting him up tho, the crazy part man, what a genuine exchange
Today my dad told my family he was going to be me for halloween and then asked me if I had any extra lashes he could use
I need someone to clean my house lol. just too tired
EPISODE GOD, I HAVE SIN AGAIN. Lol, WHY THE DEVIL MAKE DO I'M JUST SAYING
I ordered custom boots and they be here until January
EPISODE GOD, I HAVE SIN AGAIN. Lol, WHY THE DEVIL MAKE DO I'M JUST SAYING
I liked a video RETO USANDO 10 COSAS OLVIDADAS EN LOS SIMS 4
No more of that, God! No more... Good Morning!
Oh fuck!!! We definitely were?? sorry! unfollowed you on one of my sprees lmao oops
Gotta blast
they are so brave
my playlist has been playing herbo all night
I liked a video No Problem, Im An Elementary Student Too..
you ever do some random weird shit when alone and just like is probably why
Lol YES Phyllis! You are perfect for this highly ranked position We are right behind you on it!
I relate to all of this but I have no idea on how to fix any of it
Made my bf a spooky basket and thankfully he liked it
a ducking idiot
Cheekbones
in need of a solid cry. I may just pop in for a minute
Laughing Hard It's Not A Deep Scroll
Only one more month of being a trainer and I'll finally have all my stuff back
HAHAHAHAThanks poAt least now alam mo ng
The tricky part is like flipping them up to be able to walk
Ugly girls gets pregnant easy than fine girls
nah chill, not yet
Idk! never seen anyone do it but her
Aiishhh I want one of DnE but I will have money until December..., damn poor me...
I wouldn't call it crazy, 2000? Psshh that's only a few
I call this Can you think of a better name?
so used to wearing sports bras that every time I put a real bra on like holy shit I forgot I actually have tits
That was funny to watch
How you gone call me a bc 18 and your 24 when you still live w ya mama and I
Beat it! Not your meat obviously
Super hindi!! Mas hassle pa napkins hahahah
not looking good but you know gonna stay up to watch just in case
experienced this
My med calc quiz is tomorrow. say a quick prayer for me
Okay yah girl had a little bit too much fun this weekend hehe
Whew , supposed to be in love by now
Necesito varios para defenderme
I thought I was the only one who thought this
Wow really coming for me rn & publicly just worry about your Titans and not my tweets
150% over air travel and its unreliability
i hope yall got yall costumes ready for its really bouta be crazy $500 Costume Contest
Ya se
EPISODE GOD, I HAVE SIN AGAIN. Lol, WHY THE DEVIL MAKE DO I'M JUST SAYING
LET MY GF SEE THIS
I already see it.
Just realizing that I put in my internship application
Oh nawhhh I know the I was just asking but for some the feeling to be needed is
two baby showers later & were starting to run out of room w/ all this baby stuff
Get more high
Jade knows me so well
I am waiting for the madame to like this tweet
Adivina vas a hacer ?
ikutan Crazy kan
Seen like 4 Wilcos cruising through town I think time I take my ass home
SAME
Does it mean vegan are sloths?
+2
My boss wants to wear animal onesies during Halloween week, and of course I order...this.
Only a few days into fall and already sick wow, go me
Oh but do be a fan at your own means.
I'm a bad example loljk I don't incur debts for fangirling at least
Niggas be having mad hand - eye coordination until it's time to throw hands
i know u know me I really don't know you.. Ang creepy naman
chuck_cassh with get_repost
Blind Out Now Go Get Involved & Click That Link In My Bio
I English properly.
I miss doing the gas pedal !!!! Omg 2013 - 2014 my best years
results anytime todayyy. Congrats CPAs! Welcome to SGV!
I hope this is just the season talking but I miss being in a relationship
Bengals have way more weapons on offense then the jags. They have no excuse
That was the WORST for me
Happy birthday rohan sorry I almost missed it haha close one
The 20 years old Yeollie and the 25 years old Yeollie
with the phrase quite understand Can someone enlighten me please.
ouhh okeyh2...hehehe
Haunting of Hill House has and I crying screaming and shaking... send help
I thought so too when I read the word 'frozen' time. Hahaha.
the ate was like " oi you come back here again" where else
I can already sense I'm gonna be pure soppy on Thursday night when I'm out with all the gang for one last time on graduation night
the ate was like " oi you come back here again" where else
Excited for How to College! Probably going to be needing the tips
Ah chao me voy a la chucha Jajjjj@kkskskksk
no matter the situation i seem to always fuck it up
You wild Palmganistans finest some people know that was me throwing the water balloons off the balcony
New acct
Losing my job in January which means I definitely attend a or concert life get any worse fml
I need an accountability partner for working out now that getting colder especially
30 minutes ra pwede ma-late, pero 175 minutes akong accumulated late hahaha, when will i ever change
Who got $10 for me my default skin lookin kinda lonely
My boss wants us to wear onesies at work during Halloween week, and of course I order...this. hehehe.
i just seen this twitter name was & and like same bitch
And he wants to be president,
Every nigga deserve pussy be popping pussy for niggaz that even buy a happy meal from McDonald
Replay
show him Tuesday when I see him next
The gym and shooting range is quiet busy today
Me right now
Got nothing to puff on.
Clarky: ahihihihi
Langya! Ang corny ko!
I'm up for some. Need some more practice for Twitchcon.
Sooo good!! only two episodes in aaaand still scared from watching earlier today
Colts, Vikings, Pats, Rams, Saints, Chiefs... thank you Justin Tucker
That's terrifying
Thank goodness I have tomorrow off!! get very much sleep this weekend
Just booked my flight for my next trip
Owh.. din expect u'll sell dis early
i really hope, you choose me sorry
I know how to look cute but here is me trying, like actually trying really hard!!!
Bath time was a success
If you didn't know... Now you know!
40K! Are there even 40K RotorHeads worldwide?
Boy have yourself pissy. While that man is STILL going to do whatever
This week i need someone to text me 3 times a day and tell me not to buy anything bc bills are coming up
I am screaming. This is not going to work for us.
I miss my dad but fuck him
The bank said i needed to add another form of credit to my line, so to my future wife i hope an 8 thousand dollar ring is enough
About last night....
took a L this week in fantasy w defense scoring 32 points on my bench, HOWS UR FOOTBALL SUNDAY GOING
Moms Friend Kaz Wants ALL My Cum Inside
I think we got the idea by the third kick
I guess I would if it's actually promising, but with my current state, I gotta say it's too much
Had a blast with you today!
this is also me saying pls retweet my stuff lmao my art acc is
Bawal huminga this week
Why do I push people away lol like I annoy myself with it
tryna do math homework & write a speech at the same time. woah!
Chiefs D is even looking good
You ever have two pull you over and two more show up?
Swear my girl spoils me too
Wow, really glad I resisted the urge
how I get when people say from the
GREAT CAN YOU BE MORE SPECIFIC
Usually it was sorority girls
i be saying ima get up .. but a hour later im still in the same spot
Good to know, thank you! I am admittedly a total Preact amateur.
I got lost and found this gem
Also I appreciate the power of the angles this stranger gave me
WHY DO I ALWAYS FEEL THE NEED TO DYE MY HAIR
I see a Tom Servo onstage.
If only we could get our offense together
hit them on my way
hai its kind of nice
Does this mean the jags no longer have to suffer ??
Thanks
how many people can I unfriend in one day
9 days until we have insurance again and I just wait to go to the doctor I can feel myself slipping away again
I did my first traditional tatt today
made this with and kalif
NerdRage Tournament games went prettty well today ahah ggs to everyone we played looking forward to the playoff
Me trying of ig's dp. Coz i'am crazy over him.
Si usted solo se hace los memes hombre!
I have a friend with me too
I have no money but I can spread the word!
Oi naa this is hard
sarap ng tulog ko tonight after waking up at 4am for 3 days and sleeping for 1 hour
SC6 is so fun idk when play Tekken again hoo boy
Anddddddddddd just like that, the trail by 31
dominant tonight
Nanti story ea..
be all for winter if the roads get shitty
like the chillest girl ever, I know why nobody wants to date me lmao
When sarcasm backfires on you, you unintentionally get a bag of hot cheetos and you feel guilty for it Dang it.
Hi morning~~hope you can add more dates definitely make it sold out
Quase igual a outra
Sounds fun
And the first page is the cover page? fighting bebe!
Okay enough on social medias na.
Do We Go For The Win
Anybody would be down to start a new friendship ? need more positive people in my life
AFF TENHO UMA EM NOVA YORK.
VOU DORMIR
i think i sprained my toe when i fell earlier today lmfao just in time for hell week
gameover if my old tweets resurface
Someone explain this please
the whites want to be oppressed so bad so they can have something to bitch about
if anyone is tryna fall in love w me now is really the time to say sum otherwise ima be back on my bullshit
have one, do say!
Finally completed the blood easter egg after like 4 fails.
Oh, claro que
Congrats on making it to Hump Day, here is your reward! (40 Photos)
dead ass watching Harry Potter right now
I might have to try that next week
ok phew I think that's all I can do for now
wish it true but...
my gut tells me 24/7 is for kai
Actually my suit did get pretty tight one time when I was bulking
isn't it deceiving?
I need a new show to watch on netflix, i finally finished 12 seasons of criminal minds last week
Okay whew
boolin bouta go live
Jamming HAHAHAHA wag wag
Why it's sound like Japanese variety shows
Yea I know I just did a clean shave But never mind that coz people may think you are not as worthy as you think
Bashful? that
Ahhh hello old self
It was horrible
Shameless plug haha
And yeH I have videos done just editing sucks and I just get the hang
Dude that was me for awhile. Especially with that damn credit card.
He got all sweaty on me if you couldn't tell from the picture
You know football is physical when your jaw is bruised the day after a game
I just wanna give this girl a hug, how is someone this cute??
I hate how Twitter be showing who and what you reply to on the TL, man. Sometimes I just wanna shoot my shot in peace & vice versa.
I sure hope so!
Does it count if both
I used to fake sick at least once a week
I was not here tha day.
believe leaving in three weeks bro
Talking bout k deezy you can flip dat even smoke it like that that boy crazy but it was loud tho
lmao exactly, they really care. Anyway I know for a fact your art of them kissing is less kinky than others seen
Yes and I know how to play at all
I pay $350!!! How did you get yours for $25
The only Shiny I caught today...
How bout Berlin?
Picture muna bago tulog
Sexy Asians are in the zone on Instagram
Me I need to so bad
this is why i never say how i feel
Slide 16 out of 328
We just Fucked so we feeling relieved
Really need Tyler Boyd to get 10-15 points
I thought you were describing yourself for a bit
*credits to the owner of the photo
Truuuu! I was talking about a song though
Every Sunday night
Waiting for my day
went through my phone I hope you learned yo lesson
I MIGHT have spent too many galleons on lots of giveaway prizes from the Wizarding World!
-The Dean
Sonic
Lmao I ran outta ways to ask y'all to listen to my shit so this what you get lmao my song "strippers" playing
Gotta fix what i gotta fix
Can I pitch movie ideas there?
My last 2 brain cells struggled to finish writing mine
First of all, wag na mag-expect.
my front camera says other wise but thanks babe
According to Instagram, everyone carved a pumpkin today except for me.
Yeah... I just like Metroid... in any form. I do enjoy playing as Samus in Smash
sugOd tau mga bessshh ditO Oohh
paki view...
Guess where going this weekend
Gabe would move anywhere he care
Absolutely. Those Drunk Nights Get Crazy
Shuashuahsua... Acontece!
Hate Me, My A#$!! SUR RESTAURANT
my lil cousin said she looks like me and kind of flattered and weirded out at the same time
tienta bloody
your a wonderful mother
When r you and Bryan gonna date again ? 1. Never dated 2.STOP BITCH WE BOTH DOING GOOD DAMN
Finally charged my Apple Watch after a month Now hopefully I forget it tomorrow
Lol I've been yelling at them this whole time! Placated now bc they're offering complimentary snacks
Anyway, I totally freaked my mom out with my comment & it made me a little sad sorry.
not a primetime game haha was talking about TNF and SNF
Does Korean ONCE actually dare to boycott to give some pressure to jyp management? No idea we might do the
Is it good enough?
Improvement
Bad attitude but my pussy is the best tho
This soreness is no joke if you see me in public, pay any attention to the fact that walking like 90
Gif
He Rey come right in here & rub my feet until I fall asleep.
Now that the Red Sox are actually playing in the World Series on this night considering selling these tickets
Eh?
Good morning pips'
nah uhh i could hang
I messaged Shama to check in because she started her written comps this past Friday and today she told me she moved in six hours.
Haha yeah I was going pretty ham
My mom loves louis... I mean she is not a typical fangirl like me ofc but when I showed her the
Is it just me? Or does it seem like no one knows how to make oatmeal?
Lmao I ran outta ways to ask y'all to listen to my shit so this what you get lmao my song "strippers" playing
Could be a contributing factor then. Low 40s and windy certainly made outside not too fun today but nice for Beldum.
under the tints she be showing her titties
Ducks are scary .... I got in when they left lol Lake Havasu Beach
The playful sensation of affection over a tweet
lol these names are wild! all the stories I've heard make utah always sound like a very.... interesting place
Sammy talked about buying a house in river island completely on his own and going to just keep motivating him to do so
your pup looks awesome!!!!
It's only 10 mins left. So I have to finish it, right?
Seriously. Thought you already named it
But I'm not giving up hope just yet
Perfect night for a drive, I just wish the Audi felt the same
Bc of u gonna get some tomorrow
I...still
Sorry I dont understand your message. Can you please say it in English?
My friend from my math class who is smart af is crying rn about how she flunked a quiz while over here okay with flunking my midterm
I deal with everything on my own.. don't nobody help me
Thanks Lawless! It's not till next saturday, being 29 while I still can
It took me a while to understand what you meant by cancel.
I canceled eba and ogbono today.
gonna have to drive 13 hrs then hermano not that close to Vegas lol
Sorpresa! Por fin le prestaron el twitter a Nayun!
Driving through parking lots gives me anxiety
Kunwari nag rereview
leaning all the way over to the side
gotta girl from the south side got braids in ha hair .. first time i seen her walk by man i bout fell up out my chair
Sorry to break it to ya Paul, but boys basketball is way more entertaining
trying to mentally and physically prepare myself for night shift
Les rompimos el orto
I wait until Autober is over wow sick of drinking
Nako nga hahaha. The end agad
Tive que colocar nesse site
Lmao I feel you. I was born in south jersey.. sicklerville outside of Camden. THAT is rough
They kept Marvin for this
Lets focus on work
Here's the video just in case u wanted to see where it all started
Okay, get up too
Yeah me too! The battle now is to get the tickets then everything should be fine I guess
Planning to do a short stream tonight as I'm still recovering from being sick
BUT, on the bright side, I just
I dont know why the least liked out of all my sisters they never wanna hang w me
Happy Birthday thank u sa support and sa tanan2, have a blast
Aha ang
Charot
CP3 has to cough up darn near half a mill for throwing a punch.
Jus got to my apartment i was supposed to be home an hr ago but i was in traffic like 3 times
Jase want to be in his bassinet or his rock n play he really want to be buy me or carried
pos porfin lo hice
Igual ganamos oro en relevos
so screwed lol
The writers here talk like this other writer I used to read books from cooooollllll
If you going 35 south better be prepare for some mad traffic.
Yall it was a joke
Should Andy Dalton's Bengals ever be allowed in primetime again?
Comes with the old age
seokwon's sign tho
Imagine being this mad about a man not choosing you. Omg
Hello sea cucumber Omg the bear on the video so cute
Chan and Felix, do you have any tips for learning Korean?
the Q&A live this time?? Less stress tbh.. but less excitement
If u fuckin with a stripper make sure she shower before u let her in yo bed
That only took about 4.5hours who says you have a social life and do academic stuff I need to stop this
On second thought I probably dodged a bullet with that one
Troopz.
catherinedbl Mount Samat National Shrine
Yeah, doing it Friday forreal this time
Always make popcorn and then look for a movie to watch, by the time I find one, the popcorn is gone
I have the worst luck on love
I suck at this and just started playing with this app about an hour ago
My summary of the latest episode of
Poor Matt will never hear the end of it haha!
I need to find a ball dress like yesterday send help
a a you does still use Twitter?
Guess who has workouts in the am and is still in Lubbock? right. ME! hahaha.... smh...
Me and her feelings is hurt. been so long & the wait just worth it anymore
~~~~ .....
If I tweet in a few days, they got me
Yikes. The amount of times had Indian food, I known better. My bad.
That's the goal!
18 grams for $100 hit the line
You gave her what we had
And yet still there's no love loss here
I was thinking about when I had an emotional breakdown and zack reassured me and calmed me down... I got the best man in the world.
Out of 8 years, I've only been at home for 1 year and 6 months.
I know right?
bought all of this within the last week...I have a problem. Anyone wanna reimburse me a lil?
Ahhh. I see! OK got it.
Pas ada mbah Owi langsung anteng nih Ethes
oh shit I thought halloween happened already
starting to stress money
Huleee. Walang kulong, pero need manlibreee AHAHAHAA
Yeah it was good. Exhausted. No more family for me for s while
Twitter pls stop putting my tweets on my own timeline awkward to find myself just there when I browse thru.
1st day teaching tomorrow..
Nervous and excited
So last night I asked boy what was going on between us and I finally have my answer
34
I envy those 20s like I always wanted to be skinny but damn the food is tempting me
Interesting. I totally get where coming from, but I like the direction headed now.
I'm sorry but what is a TTU?
Stinky Linky
We just gonna sit here and realize actually liked it ..
...at heto na nga ho ang qotd ni madam
Very poor run of form lately in clubs EA want me to be great.
My niece hates this video Jinwoo looks too scary for her hahaha dunno why she said that, but I on the hand
All I want to do is sleep why did I agree to go out with my coworkers tonight lol
Hope like my braids
I Wanna Suck On Some Titties And Lay Up
Kids, believe what they say, you can fall while getting in the shower at any age if you just believe in yourself
i forgot you were there LOL worst night ever!!
are for meal prep and laundry.
How do you prepare for the week?
This explains why I showed my ass recently
Ya ! We left what a shit company !!!
Yeah... But it's hard to forgive
DONT SUPPORT THIS although I didn't play I'm too chicken to play yet
Thanks in advance to all the LA ARMYs who are going to be visiting the billboard every day for the next 2+ weeks
my whole body
Lololol ay, l can either be cheap and easy or expensive and easy when it comes to that
still sleeping
150 cubes for Washington! Hopefully We got this fam!!! Then, I got to save for Mikasa
Exactly
If I had to deal with it for more than like 10-15 minutes at a time be that way
def snatch soul
too lazy to go get a haircut
But well. Public man ato accounts so pwede niya macheck. IG story nato ako convo.
Only if
This just in, Orsuna has an adorable as heck laugh. Come watch him.
what talking about Nuggets!!! Amazing win but please start hitting those late free throws next time
Today was solid, I did 9 hours of homework
Ariana Grande and Pete Davidson make it, so I guess I can give up my hopes of being loved
should have been more careful
I'M SOOOOO FULLLLLL AGHHHHHHH
Face feeling puretty cooolda aye
Trying to
Says a guy with a one piece character as pfp
I act accordingly so however you act with me is what your gonna get I go out my way if you do the same simple
review review later
how tf am i supposed to BREATHE DEEP & RELAX INTO THE STRETCH when my unbalanced ass aboutta fall over
Thanks in advance to all the LA ARMYs who are going to be visiting the billboard every day for the next 2+ weeks
This whole weekend was about turning upppp. Thank god over cuz ya girl hang nomore
When you got 40mins of cardio tomorrow morning and trying to figure out why this life chose you ..oh yeah did I
The gameplay is way too addicting
Okay this is a bit too far fetched for me though
Starting the haunting of hill house tonight
NONE! But I deleted my initial twitter so kinda safe. Ima double check tho
I think they all pitched in
Well that's a plot twist
Will resume Lego DC Super Villains and Soulcalibur 6 tomorrow/tonight. AC Odyssey just consumed my soul for a minute there.
Tapi na pon kecik. Nok complaint jugok.
Baby shark polar bear
Just to update had my first date w that coworker crushing on...antique shopping & walking downtown bc old
Well we know how Malone likes to bring in the defensive stoppers
7 large assignments due in the next 4 days.
Semalam survived 24 hours without online because I'm outside and my handphone bateri habis plus x bawa charger and powerbank
Namjoon biased,, and I got him for every placement
on season 5 already
Oh my bad & this weekend... festivities begin Fri night lol
It sucks when you care but at the same time you do care
Poor you!
Im laughing at how jimin hit that hand..
HAHAHA. Baka 1:30 cess
Scared us for a sec
So glad I have providence for insurance
Oh damn
i'd be the unluckiest army bride if i choose that day then i will ask my husband to travel hongkong for their next concert
Actually not even millennials...the dumber next gen.
Took a good decision to skip
Surprisingly, I cry today. Maybe later.
A Zeku main has won 2 majors and every Zeku I know outs him top 15.
I'll take a side of underboob with my order (45 Photos)
No. I thought yesterday was the last ep, i think got another 1ep left. Actually i just want to see friendzone teaser
Nothing gives me anxiety quite like a timed game of Solitaire.
i feel u, prolly update myself with work during con
Alright sorry to inform you I may be calling off tomorrow
Pwede rin dumaan?
When will I ever get lucky???
hope I can sleep
but i hate having to be there at 8
it just hit me that having heart surgery in 15 days. this be real life
sheesh this hit home
Great ad content by the way.
She's just sitting out today, no need to worry
lowkey the first time seen u wear so much color
why I tell you to stay on the phone with me when you go
y son mis favs de esta temporada
I really know if a good thing or bad thing
Got the dipping powder for my nails and actually not that bad just to small
That awkward moment when your sisters boyfriend sees you without pants on
Note to self, Jake really hates gay country... whoops
Puta en Twitter viven peleando, horny o suicide tweets
Bongfire*
I imagine going to college before 2005, when you actually had to learn the material & google anything.
Deleting messages and pictures was easier than I thought
give my lame ass something to do
I've been waiting for something like this
Oh I meant her face. Attempting to erase 20 years with a blur tool
really about to be 21 in less than 3 weeks
cold af tonight
Helll no! That dude is BLOCKED
Taki Taki low key a pop am I late to the party?
My eldest son found the large fluffy one at the thrift store today!
$55~~~
You know Landon was tired when he fell asleep soon as I put him down. What an easy night
Late to the party but here it is.. the command center. Just ignore my snacks or my wires.
Lol most definitely we done that and more.... this video is lowkey trash
Oil! ?
It sounds a bit odd to me
BBC News - Add oil: Encouraging Chinese phrase enters English
EPISODE GOD, I HAVE SIN AGAIN. Lol, WHY THE DEVIL MAKE DO I'M JUST SAYING
EPISODE GOD, I HAVE SIN AGAIN. Lol, WHY THE DEVIL MAKE DO I'M JUST SAYING
She got both im hot just thinking about it
I defo need more normal pics of me
That we do. That we do. I wish this was my only one.
My addiction to White Castle has got to be stopped
I really gotta start fucking with people from a distance
It was a mistake I meant SK
why I tweet that week still only one loss unlike other teams
Nem pra nada
Hello boy of the emotional vacuum, how are you today, all right? Haha, hi! Yeah, I'm Ok, thanks for asking :)
My friend knew someone named La-na, pronounced "La dash na"
Me after I stalk my future husband's page.
at house so much that twitter thinks home
I made it to season 3 of the office
Like a canary. Oh yeah.
me on thursday
Weekend was a success. That might be the last outing like that this year lol
Feeling sexy on a Monday morning.
Can I graduate yet? Ha ha
I would let Post Malone give me a child and all saying
Oh. Well. Carry on with your life then.
you be the only one
He get the coolness from his mom
DA VONTADE DE ESFREGAR ESSE NA CARA DE CADA UM KKK MAE COMO SOU DE BOAS EU COMPARTILHO PARA VEREM
Sorry if you have me on everything
hehez
Wala eh. Friends over me.
My manager was trying to hook me up with one of her nephews that went to go eat today at the restaurant
yeas you did shsjs and same I thought he was late 20s
I gone to the gym in like a month me voy a morir cuando regrese
My boss really out here like playing Tekken 7 isn't part of my job
Lol you know you have bad knees when all of the blogs you are reading about your surgery are written by 50 yr olds...and you are 22
an expert at being clumsy that the ice cream I was holding survived the fall
Had to quit fb for the meantime because it's taking up so muuuchhhh of my time.
There is no way this is actually happening
Itll probably get me just because he looks so big and scary on the commercials. Hes always creeped me out
really know how much sleep imma get tonight
Dammit! I am not going to sleep tonight
bored
I promise there's nothing in my ass rn
I mean you are pretty af socha hi ni tha itni hgi
Hell naw I just like to use my back up mirror feature that I paid for
Wow cool
ready to graduate? hell yeah
I hope yo girl
Stop! You know like every damn song there is!
Haaaa, tu la, masing2 busy. Sorry, seldom on twitter
Atlanta and KC this week, Memphis next
Niggas be hating you too forget they still hate you
did you make a new account??? I actually remember unfollowing at all lol
Bangs barely do it for me anymore just so exhausted
better then flossing your teeth and getting that bit of food out from ya teeth
Whatever tf that means
Lol 23 years in the making Viet is hard, I can speak it at a basic level, just enough for them to
Yo. I about raged just reading this without even looking at the quoted tweet.
Just so everyone knows my promotion or pregnancy has nothing to do with me being a bitch. I just deal with same
Nintendo always get my money I brought the version of the switch and the one as well.
ISO of a girl gonna love me for who i am and wants to do stuff with me
I do a super set with barbell curls and single dumbbell curls for biceps
ok with Smith not seeing the field on defense again
had so many people say this! I thought it was the wildest thing, apparently just behind on the times
I was really tryna feel good today
I can not tell you how many times we get the comment of "twins"
3 years
how my face be behind the screen when texting me
lol =
dying =
IM DYING =
screaming =
BAKAJSISHAHHAA =
When Red Dead comes out
Happy weight fr
i came to library 30 mins before opening and so many ppl line
Hello joshuaaaa
tbh? so bored
Gg unang exam this week
I follow over 500 art accounts on Instagram so I rarely see posts
$DNL could this break 10.82 na today? Higher chance
Catching up with my bed
Nous
Um..my bookmark now is full of jikook
last sunday, day 14.10.
Two in the case...
brinco mrm, brinco e mt haha
ahaha at least i know it would work!! i would never ever say such a thing & mean it
Yeah I start at a new school in the fall
I very strongly dislike a lot of college football coaches and/or as we all know
But this sounds personal,
Sexy European girls get their rays in Croatia (68 Photos)
this made me feel old af
gotta learn to be comfortable w/ being uncomfortable
This man want me to start hunting with him bet
Done fucked up my finger nail
Thank you!!
Cmon, Charles. You're better than this.
My name is Ryan, now people are gonna hate me :(
Omg same !! I thought that i am the only one who notice it
Getting nervous about tomorrow. It's fine. I'm fine.
I honestly had to repost it bc that's what I typed the first time whoops
I miss having someone to drink and laugh with
why I watch scary movies by myself
damn, is Chief Keef in any way responsible for them people falling through the floor? had the party wayyyy too
Am I the only one that even notice the praying mantis
the bar scene in good will hunting triggered me in a different way
Lol thanks for helping cause I actually think that far ahead
I'm just weak up now and see this photo and I see two of Jimin I think its a Photoshop
sorry for my bad korean
No gracias
Yess when I hear 2012 by chris brown ... wheeew chyyy
Did you love me too?
not that special baby but thank you xo
This Will definitely Be Epic Asf Legendary Gota Make it Happen !!!
Ya boi really needs help lmao this project was way more complex than I thought photograph for free tho
i dont
this is me after eating, and then thinking what I'll eat next..
Honestly same
That lil wand really be doing somethin!
onshore people calm the f down monthsary namin today i need to go home early WAHAHAHAA but srsly
Woah that was pretty spooky
See you this weekend
Proactiv is the shit. My face is finally looking better
Pack it in, Connor McDavid just won Halloween costume of the year!
Lauren Kyle
trying to play off this in-betweeny hair dying stage as a homage to sims 4 character Candy Behr
When Someone For 8 Years Then Finally Decide To Be Acquainted
fuckin but also accurate
Almost cried during their performance for some reasons
Suddenly my mind's blank when it comes to thinking of a name
$DNL could this break 10.82 na today? Higher chance
20/50
that sucks ... and wow i wish i could go back and use a word other than 'salute'! not that you asked
Whew karma comes around tenfold. Lemme cut the mess
Had you muted for the same reason tbh
I just woke up from a monster nap, I thought it was Monday morning already.
estemmm
20. hilig ko ug headbands sauna elementary gacollection pud ko sauna
Literally slept allll day and just woke up..now wide awake
As I subtly chug my cup
Hope.... Hope.... I can always hope to win a GIVEAWAY
amazon quiz
I ordered some Buttahs from & they buttery as shit
How about u?
Why did I think this was at first
I need these flashbacks to stop
Can they bring back. I wanna ask people important questions whilst remaining anonymous
Random hugot lang siguro niya yan noon... but life is funny that way.
That water yall share during & after intercourse
I was really hoping she live up to my expectations
Of course Ninjy we got you! & I will pay you with Monopoly money cool? Lol
People are so keen 5 minutes and people are going in
I would be the same though
But would be nice to see all the people you've been begging for
Youve been watching too much Queen of the South
EWWW HECK NAH Olive Garden is so basic step ya taste bud game up!
bre fr is never getting these cabin socks back i actually need her to get me some more
But really
Ah okay. I was hoping it was one of the tour mini photocards
okay
That is my absolutely favorite of all. Unfortunately without AR+ because my Samsung is to old.
I ordered some Buttahs from Neimans & they buttery as shit
Lemme go and clear all this debt before I make this woman my wife
Thank you so much, son I'm still trembling tbh
so cold outside all you gotta do is rob me with a bucket of water and ima give you EVERYTHING
My child is currently getting me in trouble for having clothes on my bed? I thought I was the parent.
Gone ahead and go live Larenzo
Sorria
I think only I would drive to fayetville for some damn shoes just for it to be closed anyways
Aaaaand Red Dead Redemption 2 Friday
My fantasy team crashed and burned this week. be extremely lucky to pull out with a win
quick to let a nigga do him I holding no hoe hostage
hahahaha it probably will take almost sejam to sampai there see you
had my face in the toilet all day
hahahaha it probably will take almost sejam to sampai there see you
had my face in the toilet all day
2pm pa yun sine hehe
My tolerance would hit back
I'm so glad he didn't finish that entire slice of bread
Lort I give props to my mother and everyone else who has a big family to do laundry for . a whole other job outchea
Also he was 19 when we started dating and I was 17 so
CONGRATULATIONS for being voted the best hard dance DJ
People wanting change but is resisting change just because hindi yun yung nakasanayan nila. I get you.
Anyway, off to bed so I can wake up ... early ... so I can write ...
3 suspended
Positive thoughts
Well I guess hoes really get cold
seen the shit that I tweeted this first time I had twitter
I think I need to get my eyes checked
so hot in my house, I cannot sleep.
I wait till my Invisalign treatment is finished so that I can get myself a grill
At least we still have winning
Heehee thanks
1. People call me Haz, my family call me Yie. My name is Has l i n a
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
i know right? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHA
Almost forgot my ppls
Hope.... Hope.... I can always Hope to win a GIVEAWAY
You'd be surprised tbh
getting food now
I really like him, like "lets adopt pets" type of like
*sighs*
i did it again..
That was pretty much my reaction
No thank goodness
Lil baby done ran up a cool Lil check for these Homecomings
.. bet some money on your podium
I feel you girl I'm Mars in Aries. The effects are definitely more prominent for those with Mars ruled signs.
Thank you it took me a long time to decide what I wanted.
Best one yet
Putting disney pass in the line nah jk I am not a gambling person unless its slot machines
Internet installation. Aaah the things you work on when you move spaces
Why do I have to watch Hocus Pocus to sleep? I love this movie so much!!!!
When the warriors lose a good day !
Yg kena suspend lgsg DM aja ,
Think smart & woles
After more than 2 days na Saya at pagod finally homeeee! Back to realidad ulet today.
A part of me always knew that nursing wasn't for me, so I'm glad that didn't work out.
I'm really excited for
I looooooove being ignored
Todos con mucho
I thought I lost my favorite lipstick, but I
I thought I was the only one
Wow very brutally honest when on my period
Cody is meeting my mom tomorrow and low key nervous even though I know gonna love him
Literally got nothing done today lol and I feel tired talk about
Trying to sksksk
Forms seem to hate me
Achievement unlocked: Impromptu choir member
Na reject pero may congrats
worry mom, just
Yeah.. I know
I bet all of my irl have me muted
I want someone who will jam out in the car with me to my 12 year old music playlist which consists of blink-182 and Good Charlotte
literally been washing clothes all day and I still have one more load to put in the dryer
Harris 20pts ....
so ready to be back in my normal routine
It's amazing how you still managed to stay even if you've seen my worst side. Thank you . You know urself
i still dont really quite understand the dress code can i just wear baju kurung?
i really feel like my life is falling apart and coming together at the same time ..
Monday motivation
Ja oh
And no not anti jimin..it was a dare I feel bad now
how tf i comment on dis shit
A lot of them are spam
Hehe
"A War?"
That shit crazy cuz i needs to eat some pussy
I just scheduled my last semester as an undergraduate
Aku yg gak tau gini2an , can't related..
Cuman tau dreams come true aja.. Udah..
Cukhae ma baby tae..
Hais woollim, please check again your calendar and don't make a mistake for the next season greetings
Been watching movies and smoking all day
Haha tbh coding is basically my major but I soooooooo prefer java to web based stoof
Send help
this weekend was just a big no for me lol
Oh snap, I forgot about those two key words!
Good morning to you too
Add developers, and it's !
Hey um your missing your fucking face
This thread is for you
WHAT TIME WILL IT DROP?? I'M SO NERVOUS BUT AT THE SAME TIME SO EXCITED!!!
also, sorry it took me this long to add more recs
I got a 13 on my trig test.... well ...
i've got nothing against jyp though
oh yeaaa thats right
Still believe I got into nursing school still cant believe I start school in January.
like a no play again! Ah!! What this?!
unhealthy living
I'm mad I wasnt there I cried for weeks
He finally got hungry He just wanted attention too
just gotta make it through 4 weeks
this lady is the bravest of all mankind. salute to her for singing overdose in front of kris
Uuhm, I can do some research on it if its about that
That is if you are serious of course
Damn, I forgot Halloween is around the corner. so old man.
I would've done more work on it if I knew it was gonna be my most popular tweet ever
Took me a long time to understand what "fubu" meant wtf
timi and riane convinced me to watch the new Halloween and Michael Myers always gave me nightmares so there goes night 3 without sleep
We're excited as you! But what's with the emoticon
I be on the same shit
when your daughter makes this face at breakfast you have to make a meme out of it! major inspiration from the
funny when I read the initial Tweet I was thinking about you as well
mega blush
5 am. Still composing. A Star Is Born was really inspiring for me tonight.
Imagine getting dropped off in park by
My Jeep has lasted me so long and thankful. However, my next car will not, I repeat, not be one. Need a change
Is it bad that I knew what it was without reading your response because I know that outfit is Amy's
Or when you tweet something and you come back to no rts/likes
and who are you? lol chillin just saying are tight & not bashing other signs
Ep. 8 make you jump? I think anything has ever scared me so much in my life
Ummm. talent
Only one of them
so funny Kris is doing the same thing !!! zzzzzzz
Grandma just told me she needs me to make some business cards so she can hand them out to the cute guys she comes across.
Yoga pants are sexy even in the summer (37 Photos)
really bout to play 2k
Bro night maaku sorry for spamming
Gusto ko sana, kaso. Ugh! Di pa kaya ng Budget. Too muh priority as of now than my Face! Wahahaahaha jk
I deleted this one sorry btw thank you so much!
play yourself, that hot chocolate is bangin I order it everytime now
6 hours is way too far love and miss you
I know missing that funeral
I was gonna reply with one at 1st just to be annoying
relate my bangs were something of nightmares
I want pancakes served at my wedding
also, sorry it took me this long to add more recs and as usual, all stories i recommend are completed ones
haha
taking a History of Serial Murder class makes me feel less alone with my fascination with crime
This week is gon be something
Tomorrow starts my last hoco week, my first week at my new job, and I leave to Florida early Saturday morning
Desculpa amor, boa noite!
Stg I did that shit with David, like look what you just sent
When your online order hasn't arrived yet and you're already thinking of something else to buy.
not ready to be back at work tomorrow
we a little too old for rumors
Mimpi Ex-Ukie nak kata pernah ada conflict, mana pernah ada She siap promote her product too
a risky situation working with kids
I get that a lot for some reason
this idiot on tinder . are you on here hm see. idk to meet people ? tf
*Thalassophobia intensifies*
I was just making some meme versions for myself I can see me
When you thought you already made the biggest mistake of your life but then you one up yourself
AH YES, two exams and a paper due this week. being in school at 26 is just peachy
Selamat Hari Santri Nasional
Yo ngaji yo dolen
Art App Corner
Anyhooz, here we are at happier times.
trying to find floral nursery bedding sets are so hard
When I see my Lolla videos I wanna go back in time until I remember that I pulled all nighters every night because I was up crying in pain
illinois, texas, michigan and ohio also went to the indy show but from indiana
Idk it just happened
I agree but what if you're hanging out with friends?
I just wanted to ring in on twitter for a moment. Still chaotic as before
Do u have a special someone in ur heart rn? Wala eh. Kay Kim taehyung na muna puso ko
*shed tears* magkaklasmit pa guro ta second sem noooo? Ay sag drama
She is waaaay smarter than Beck.
Absolutely. I've gotten to that place and learned to love myself fully and whole heartedly! Now I wonder from the world.
Honestly sooo ready to go back to work tomorrow
Damn making me want to become catholic again
I need another day off to recover from this weekend
getting close to that time of the year I get to watch families enjoy each company
omgeeee! Thats awesome Thank you for this! Im excited
I slept till 5pm today & still barely left bed but I did get all my homework done
Ayyy uhh... sis he ... nvrm nvrm.
12 inch
A tiny sweet gift from above Please don't grow up hehe stay baby ra
My first day tomorrow at a new job has me anxious af
nope bc i got no one to tag
Always happy to share
12700
I had any kind of caffeine in 2 days.. trying to make it 30 days.. pray for me please.
Sweat pants hair tied chilling with no make up in when you the prettiest I hope that you take it wrong
We got Michael Carter Williams
Economics is not my cup of tea..
im snappin on fantasy and it aint even over
I got cooked in the BBtag online tourney beat 1 gord, lost to 2 others
pehal tgk movie BTS mcm nk bli concert tix? sold out ha.yg dok dpn tgk smbil baring ke
Lmao dawg my anger is getting out of control
Is that what you were doing?
Ngee honest man ako sir hehe
Actually. I had started chillin a lil in 2012. I was rough
I really should dodge roll more. I should've died to the second enemy
knowing how to dance is a plus right?
Once you piss me off, I have no restraint giving you attitude and that is probably one of my worst traits ever
mine.but i got crush with tae and fall for jk
LMFAOOO NO saying I need a vacation already planned my next one tho
So guys I start my dream job tomorrow. I am so nervous
Bighit never gave me a postcard of my faves I want JM,JK,RM,SG.
But I got
2 - Jin
2 - Hobi
1 - V
weno Jajaha te copio
Thanks... I'm working on it More tired and allergy-laden than sick
es hobby: dejar las cosas a media
Welp going to bed Goodnight
I was panicking, okay?
Featuring a cameo of me and the girls
God is good cause whew.
I have new baby
Hadiah konvo katanya
I agree. Literature, however, does not seem to have arrived at a consensus
nothing wrong with a guilty pleasure show
Adam Thielen catches that
I did. I got red I've just never done it so I'm nervous about it lol
almost have about a hundred icons to do and thennnnnn, playstore
Yeah, thats for sure
Well, semi-boycotting so not watching the games to give my full feelings
I guess just have to see in 2 mins
A mood my dad, cousin and aunt
My fave OTPs in 100DMP:
Lee Yeol/Na WonDeuk x Yoon YiSuh/Yeom HongShim (ala syempre, cla gud ang bida )
I've still not been brave enough to try playing it on mobile.
October 20, 2018:
SM Masinag, Antipolo City
Thank you for this award (Most Supportive Learner). 1 month pa lang.
Is it Friday yet??
*has ptsd flashbacks of trying to figure out where to go in that dumb whale*
Yup... have fuunnnn!!!! loll
Tbh I'd give my left tit to be half as good at thumbnails
I mean although those are really bad, he was 11 at that time
I thought you were saying that about James!
Oopppsss.
Great job.
feel free to use whatever fits you better
I have new baby
Hadiah konvo katanya
b the bitch to clock out in 2 mins
not saying this is you. Also, hi
Where the fuck yall live
man i swear! i went to lay down & started checking for sounds in the crib & shit lmao watch it when daylight
Today was just a full day of hw. Gotta stop letting it pile up on the weekend
What should i do to kill the time
"Meri team sab record karti hain"
I have 3 or 4 more shifts Baptist . & I wanna go
My pessimism is saying a lot know the movies is even coming
Warning: Objects in mirror are as attractive as they appear (45 Photos)
Snggup bgitau masa dia free n busy
Mine are too real... I keep up w them also at least you can kill the makeup game, I can
Lmaoo ffs hows it funny bro?
I only listen to slow music when feeling good
That's when you know It really scared him poor baby
Ignoring reality is not escape, but the way you can escape the extra stress
______
So I forgot Halloween 2
If truly curious I would have put it right under H20
Suddenly, I'm scared for this comeback. I don't know why.
I
Dropped my Apple Watch face down and I literally stood over it for 5min too afraid to pick it up... but we good fam not even a scratch
How do you post picture of your nieces and nephews on social media other than SC? Asking for a friend only had a foster niece.
Get Use To it
pop one out for the team sis
here's the kicker. The last photo is my current new-to-me 2006 Escape that my mom owned before me
Anthem
I hate how accurate that this is about to be
nothing... at least nothing for uh to see...
Sunday Family Day... Thank you Uncle Jake for the sosyal dinner...
.
.
.
.
.
Excuse for my eyebags and
just my luck though. Hopefully the prize packs are better
When lit a completely different person
Well time to go back to jail See you next month
and stories ?
Yes!!! Omg, I get overwhelmed just thinking about it lol! One day, one day!
I am
working on it tho
Jangan woy
Dia aku block pake akun ini
Tbh I thought the first scene was a crushed Oreo cookie heh
My feet are KILLING ME from work today. Good news I got home at 10pm and back in at 7 tomorrow morning. My
Ok so um good thing they gave it to f(x)
Damn we really do go that far back?
sorry you had to witness some of my dumb moments
If loose change, Ima quarter
KL in few hours. Have I packed enough?
My cousin broke his nose... how
soooo at dinner with my parents, pretty boy and his family... and, forget, his girlfriend
Just like The One Episode With The Football
My peighbug is so fearless, I love it
this was a stumble, but other times I can't help but watch a train wreck
105
DisneyNow has all the Halloweentown movies on demand for free.99
i know bc i spent last weekend watching them
Dou
No thanks. I've realized before it's not for me jud.
I was not expecting that
Yooooo at these illustrations of
I love college but seeing shit like this makes me miss home
I'm happy today is over
Time for a little game of Peek-a-booty (14 GIFs)
I never said that wasn't ok tho. TF?
37. What I find attractive in other people
Their smiles
I finished it today bc I handle waiting to know
shit i dont blame u,shit might be trash u gotta be safe and watch it for free
Whoops at 12 viewings of JOHN WICK now
Definantly Feels Like It
I have hope for us one day tho
Com medo desse quati
This edition that made is
JAJAJAJAJAJA sorry No acostumbro hacerlo
Someone goes see Adam Devine with me
Started reading today, see how long this lasts
Kpop is a usual things here but some of them not trying to show it. Maybe i should buy another file to thesis paper
UBOS NA BOSES KO E JUSKOOOO TALAGA
It's 2 weeks and i've done pretty much almost yeah.... about 70%
Not sure good or bad, now when I see a giraffe I think of ryeowook
my order is missing and no one is bothering to reply to my messages
Norahs...
I think it does
finally making some decisions
I told myself I should sleep.
But I ended up having back-reading our convos again.
another successful weekend
this sounds exactly what I am currently trying to um, manage? so we can TRY to
the type of person that gives great advice but take in and follow anyone advice
B just called me like Na, you out did yaself with this
Not too bad ... just been thinking this for a little while now
Thank you ate
- HAHAHAHA
a part of me deep down that want a tiny face tattoo.
Still got good weed tho
It happens to the best of us
it's not that i dont want to go sg but i dont have enough money kalau nk tolong bayarkan dulu boleh gak
Bruh keep it up
I have a whole other cruise to go on in June
It time to clean out my photo gallery again,
Apparently I missed a lot while I was gone
Sydney Maler is back with a bootylicious remake of 'Ms. New Booty' (Video)
actually going to give it a try . See how it works . Tired of it tbh
Erin is so beautiful and Jack... Just as beautiful right guys
Any update on this? Popeyes x Phillipines
Congrats on 1k followers! ( I had to unfollow so it'll be perfect )
I used to love DeeKosh Kpop rants video, now I just wish DeeKosh to stay away from K-pop
Anytime I decide to relax and lay down my lil baby thinks time to practice martial arts in my stomach
The devil always be wanting company & ruin a precious soul like could you just do everyone a favor & disappear again!
Lmao the funniest thing about my old tweets is I used to be gay lmao. Safe to say strictly d.ckly
OMG HAHA I FREAKIN LOVE YOU! ahahah The Shining or Saw those are good ones Id have to say SAME
And also I was specifically referring to milk
Oh damn lmao way offf
All of my grandparents were from Hungary and I barely speak a word myself
How do you even pronounce that?
Ima miss you Shelby love your energy today for game day
Lol im just playing
Congrats on 1k followers! ( I had to unfollow so it'll be perfect, but I'm back now! )
It's pouring rain here, this gallery seems appropriate (32 Photos)
Youu knowww you get over me
He weird weird
new fave person
Mightier United.... trying to think of something very similar to Stronger Together
Um, someone who watches Die Hard. That's probably all I have going for me in the "normal" department
This is not me its a repost
Okay settle submit document. Anytime from now dah kena ready nak kerja . Am i ready or not ?
+xxx just kidding, have a nice day folks
Bruh keep ballin stoked to see u on
Gotta stop wearing my heart on my sleeve
action hurt me no more, they just disappoint me
Oh shit my mom's birthday is Tuesday
Good god, that's a relief. I thought I had forgotten my password
Kakamiss to
Sana maexperience ni to with K.
LT yun malamang
This edition that made is
So i have no pictures from tonight and slightly satisfied bc i cam wear this outfit again
What a week
so happy for you! it looks amazing. we all have to try it some day right
you want to relax like
Yes Jimin I want to... but we have 8 more years still
So ig not getting the dose video tomorrow
hit up dominos tomorrow
Omg that show is SO ADDICTING
you get as Anne Wilkes?
Girllll two more weeks
I love when my coworkers hype me up too much whenever I go to work looking good
i end up watching it yet
i refuse to think about it tonight
Shit. Am I do M? My body hurts but it hurts so good...
Need some courage to fulfill my duty
ion deal with peope cause i never get the effort i put in so im good off allat
I deadass have no friends that are girls lol My mom over here having second doubts about me
Yay!! I was worried it didnt send because i didnt see you post it
This the type of ass that will have you drinking up all her kids juices for school
Tom has other priorities y'all
Ughhhhh see what that 3rd string do doe
EPISODE GOD, I HAVE SIN AGAIN. Lol, WHY THE DEVIL MAKE DO I'M JUST SAYING
You fat ? Sis where
I think be able to sleep lol
DUH!!!! Gee whiz
AND snapchat
Do you think college is the wayyyy? Yessssir
Good dick will have u making sure a nigga eat
all fun and games till Sunday night rolls around and you realize how bad you want to work Monday morning
//Excuses excuses. Dude if you wanna do it you can say no I be mad I promise
Thank you! I feel like I could have done better but my own worst critic so I guess not that bad
I guess tomorrow's my first day.
Hey whatever gets you an 'A' I suppose
Horton Hears a Who came out in 2008. Here I am, 22 & renting this movie on iTunes & telling people for Royal
Guess do it tomorrow lol
was supposed to have quotations marks on stupid shit
Oh would you look at that, there is a bowl there!
yes i am. mehehehhe. i cant helped but be though.
I never been to IKEA. I should go
Time to enjoy this lil break on the light bill
And end up get into an accident
Had all weekend to type this paper. Started it at 10pm today. due at midnight. Lol
just 3 pages.
When you get kicked for defending your clan lmaoooooo (AR)
Memories remain
May got another chance to be there
Right
i know how to feel right now
Congrats sa mga grumaduate last Saturday! Will wear my toga on March 2019 na.
Monday KST
coming into Scorpio season in multiple planets. Get ready get ready get ready
Yes?
U know Kookie
Managed to knock out 400 acres of beans today
God bless you.
May crush ka sa college? Grade 11
Jokens. HAHAHAHHAHAHAHA
I climbed this
fair I guess
Me and mike literally make a year in like a month and some change. Where has time gone bro
This Rockets game has me sweating
For real
I remember I was on my trapping shit then long nights
Exactly now you know...
Lmaooooo whatchu mean , it was definitely a reference to but ok ion know you
I have 3k in IG & people offer to pay me to promote their stuff
Is he one of your source of inspiration?
Come to seatmateee
Oh! Si jugando las tres horas se los shinys
Today's drawing is a quick dog sketch
Nem me fale
And
like a mf forget how to be a friend when you get pregnant I even look a bitches the same way
Oh okay. Wanted to be sure before I reposted.
hello hehe this was me nice to meet you!~
Jake asked me when going to see the new Halloween..
And then everyone questions why you're not eating their food..
Intento ser Kawaii vale! Jajaja y andaba en pijama xDDD
Now sad. craving them
All my Insta stories have been screenshots of tweets
I laughed too hard cause I just pictured it in my head
If you let them get this gonna take my guess down a notch
Jk. Found this one down since day 2
Caught the mean candy Apple and cotton candy sales before leaving the fair
oh no. i tagged her coz we had an IgG4 (lacrimal, salivary, parotid) on my senior year,
what a day
Chiefs having fun.
hello. You want to get close to a nigga but have no time.
what are locals
Omyyy prod ng council
Justtttt the tip
Just for fun and karaoke Charlotte makes it hard to sing at
I meant to say year 2100
So this happened last night
Why Worry About Dude When I Got Plenty That Want Me Let That Sink In
These kids win Halloween fir the next ten years
I just saw my schedule for tomorrow... just meet up tomorrow night.
idk - my emotions a little fucked off at the moment
Forced fumble too
Mi fan
Doing this extra credit essay when I really freaking have to, better safe than sorry
Vote
Can you make hyungwonho version?
Ima make a Togo plate first
so clutch having a best friend that lets you use her Amazon Prime account.
Always looking out when I wait till the last minute.
Anoziva kuti une yako profile nestatus platform
My dog thinks a lapdog. I currently cannot breathe. It was nice knowing you guys.
I even know why I even take my birth control if I even get any dick
can we try US again ? Nombre
Paboritong subject sa Review? Syempre Math...... Mathulog sa klase
It should... ish... I just need to find a way to shrink things...
Always get so hungry before bed
Ex: oy arat?
Me: busy ako ehh, final week
Ex: fun s*x Lang
Me: sige arat
Idk man the restaurant is in a town that's 1hr north of Edmonton and it's in the middle of nowhere
Dnt go through cuffing season uncuffed but still giving the pussy away sis ; too cold for allat
Well I hope
I call this Can you think of a better name?
Looking at all the teens like but 24, I complain
I barely respond to text messages as is, so pls do not dry text me & expect a response
Well... It could count as reference tho
lol
It's like the same thing, like what is a wood chuck chuck what wood chuck chuck what chuck chuck wood??
Why mike Meyers went off tho
Im sure that's the answer. I just find it amusing and adorable
Her vocabulary is incredible too!
well, well soon find out if theres gonna be airport pics means they didnt take the private exit or is there something like that in icn?
So, what are you waiting for ?
the best lawyers for sure.
Life was so much easier when all I had to pack was official dress for convention
Matinding textmate si Madame!
yellow is my new Green welcome me back banawa
My mom really sent us on a mission Rn
*IronMan# only as compared to others when he is without Suit and Tech..on the other Hand Batman
Party kha h aapki
literally the most ghetto mess ever seen in my life...and the nerve of it to happen on November 19th
brett is taking me hunting tomorrow and i been in years. pls pray for me
Care to give your take on this one
Just finished watching American Horror Story Roanoke mf really went back to the property every year and was shook when they died
wait to see you tonight! also waaay too excited for this tattoo
Thinking to buy the ticket for Burn The Stage: The Movie but unfortunately already sold out in few minutes, almost everywhere
If I ever get famous they're going have a FIELD DAY digging up my old tweets boy.
My first though of everyday when I wake up
Why do I feel like homecoming has lasted weeks in a row. With how lazy been today think I was dying.
Well you can but don't expect to win
I think so beautiful and down to earth but too scared of getting swerved to dm you thank you, we can
Now the leopards are famous, do the guides think they will become diva cats?
Wouldn't mind one more Mahomes TD
I even peep that till now lol
I think my nose is broke
FML... okay ya'll whoever wanna talk to me hit me up now.. my phones at 20% with no charger and just drove to Bestbuy and they closed...
There was hw
Well would you look at the time
Evry time I get on ft. I be like how you flip the sounding like grandma
10 years for me, but our drinking age is 18
Why am I like this?! I left everything for last minute and have to do 100 and 10 things but all I want to do is go to bed
I'mma chill w drawing. I'm still doing lines and I have to draw pecs and stuff.
hi people nood tayo sine
He say he miss the old Trin, boy tempt me
that deep at first, but now we got our feelings in
I'm giving lecture today oh gosh
Wow. 11 and I still have three hours of work left. Go me I need an assistant anyone intreated?
Yea!! Butter luck next time!!
And that my friends is why I have nice things apparently
persistent for sure
Might have in and out again
I got an extra cowboys jersey for some reason should be your size
My grown ass still looks over my shoulder when I walk around my house after watching a scary movie
Bro, where's coach ynk? Is he still.part of the team. not worried just curious.
Really cool, and also really terrifying for people under it
....ok but seriously tho, how in tf muhfuckas in jail be living so lavishly
sooo quick to let a nigga do them Ian stopping nothing be great
God fucking hates me I guess like fuck me right
this child is doctor material
Sean Sammon, you guys dated
Will I order the shirt? Or no?
Exactly
Sachi ghatnao pe aadharit
Chill fam I was just playing subbed
i was listening dua lipa's new song with blackpink but ended up listening to the whole album
will never get over the fact that such a fucking hypocrite
Really hoping things go the way they should
i remember we was young , i wish that shit was the same
Yaaa I'm hoppe too , i read Yuiyui HS 36 sold out omg soo many
a beer? in the
ohhhh shittt Hey hehe hi waddup
Fr tho hiring cause your girl needs a job ASAP
About to be 2 next week
Prince got on his first roller coaster today, when he got off he said tummy was
Thank you
It is one of my favorite designs to draw
I saw some carne asada fries on my Facebook tl and now I want some
So yuh, I will start to work na
Kissing the ring, in all mafia movies, never ends well.
547 total offensive yards for the chiefs
Official YGE shop sample photo vs. photo taken by me
half asleep and I thought you were talking about a person named summer
Explain this to me *
You know agent crocs, furry slippers orrrrr auttttt yeahhhhh say that to me !! I would
oops I forgot yugyeom will be on jungle
This is back from when my dad tried to "re-connect" with me... That was.. an awkward time...
I mostly get follows from fake porn tumblrs
Pleased to announce that finally listened to the carter 5 from start to finish I struggle anytime an album is longer than an hour
Yes, I have! My sisters left it on the kitchen table and what made me want to watch the movie, in fact!
It happens a lot in this community
Oooooo I just miss the long curls
Prepare for cuteness overload (62 Photos)
Madali lang quiz beshy! basta reviewhin mo mga test
Gracias
After this past weekend thinking I gone to OSU for school.
Blueberry muffins
<- how i feel all of the time
Inside joke because of how I looked today
Maybe they took Jays and advice and came to scope out places for future performances
Late but happy 31st to Junta! Sometimes I forget how old he is and how long he has been doing this but I wish
All my friends are officially taken and over here single, eating a bag of pretzels watching reruns of friends
Like this for a confession in your
Just kidding I need to stop playin and save my coin
oh no i hope they get power fixed in time to submit my final assignment and do my last few discussion post lord
I feel so bad for my ex...most of his friends started asking me out the minute they found out we broke up
Wish I could just not give a shit for once in my life!
Not doing anything tonight so might as well keep watching Ohhkurrr
But realizing it's not delivered
Wait no... I, too, have never heard of a green tea shot and wanted the list of ingredients
agreed!! i wanna be judged concept: bagel vans - now THAT is a style i support
I find it very funny how certain people talk to me more now.
Lightweight depressed they changed my schedule back to the mornings now, get to sleep in anymore
Not good enough
I was just about to tell you to give Ozark another try under your tweet!
Kadang gua jg suka nge-RT tntg kpop tp gaterlalu nemen. In case my followers/ing feel annoyed bcs it
I used to give burned CDs as gifts. old af
Oh ho!!! It looks scaryy to me tapi en..cam buat kita trtnye tnye knapa mcm tuu..omg goosebumps
First time in radio
Im in college so i stay getting them papers
Shit dude we should play sometime when I'm not busy
I gone to an event in so long miss those raves
You have my Thoughts and Prayers
Ah, really? This is the first time someone is telling me this. My members will be happy as well.
Y te rettwiteo
Dating short guys is so much romantic because you can carry then round the house like a Thermos
Homecoming week may have been the most stressful week ever & I am glad to return to my normal routine
So I have to sneek out the office to watch This is so lethal. This show will kill me. Lol I love Mike B!
Bouta be a long week
Btw hakunanga artist ametoka ocha if you noticed
Sooo what to do on my loooongest dayoff wer u at bibi
So you got a handle and a spout? I even quite know how to answer this but sureeeee
Not that sacred...needed a good smudge today. Got done, and noticed part of my carpet was burned A piece must have sparked off
how many of yours google assistent pooped up when kjo said "ok gogle" while rapid fire round?
morning
.
.
.
Photo by - Admin
.
.
Location - skywalk W
.
.
I just wanna go home
I'm just a dumb bitch with dumb bitch syndrome
I just realised it's the literal translation of the Korean version.
Sorry for laughing
Reading...
Light Novels, Manga/Webtoons, Fanfics, Articles/News in FB, IG/FB Comments
last weekend is the most hectic I had...kl-phg-kl-phg-kl hahahhaha pe ak wat doe
*Jon
I seriously just realized this my bad.
Going live again maybe I should start a schedule but schedules are hard to keep
Bulan 2. remember the date
atee you're also mutuals with them
Guy pulled out in front of me on 31
Sitting here enjoy my brunch and waiting for bintang megamall hehehehe pleaseu not really so fast.
Crap I need to catch up on
can I join
Is it like 23rd Korea, but still 22nd in other parts of the world kind of thing, I think??
well good, long gone phew
Too old for drama, looking young as ever
Currently rockin 4 blankets in bed right now
HAHA well that works pero mababaon lang rin eventually eh
How to safe money student edition
If your check is $375 put $300 in your saving and use the $75 for the rest
I wanna be that shorty
This is too accurate and I just graduated in 2017
That's what we're trying to tell ourselves
For personal wear not a ugly sweater party
never makes
Ummm she actually had a clean competition since nationals????
Sorry late to the party
This shit hit
Really wish I could do makeup :/ even with tutorials like lost
I went into Walmart for a bag of rice and came out with $167 worth of clothes sleep on Walmart people
no
what
Pinagtagpo pero hindi itinadhana
I look you in yo face girl you make me nervous
181020
headbanging
I said I was going to take a small nap and woke up 2 hours later lmao okay
Thank you But how can school days be good
Currently
kaden just looked me dead in the eye and said "is halloween on the 25th?"
Gotta get up at 3 am for this flight then land around 6 am and go to class at 10 am
funny how their fans used to look down on the girls senior and now their fans stanning the girls lol. I think that is karma
Does anyone else open and close the same apps 500x like theres gonna be new stuff everytime you open it??
Maybe he cheated on her.
Also burfict getting injured
Went straight to the mall and benis wit the extras
a night to remember
[] sorry, love, not at you. I believe you, just laughing because someone else is a degenerate. []
You are inside the car and you are choi siwon super junior
disclose that information on the internet bitch
real niggas fuck with me & i give a fuck who
have said it better myself
Hi, hope you got the weekend you hoped for. Baka di kita mabigyan ng note tom. hmm wow you're here. still
The moon looks huuuuge tonight. Sorry for the poor photo, I need a good camera
I was wingstop 100th customer of the day so my food is free
E isso
Guess who's jealous right now
I hope my future children be as clumsy as I am cuz wheww
same tbh sometimes i look at my mutuals and have no idea who they are
Couple caught having sex on underground
Fox News. Don't underestimate the confounding mess that is my cable, things happen with no rhyme or reason
God Can I Just Get A Lil Preview Of My 2019
1st day of work hehe charet
Yah, I'm alright. Just being melodramatic...but thanks for asking.
Lmfao I know right! Man I can wait for the holidays now
I think I'll stop saying y'all
AaAaa ate, setting your height and qt face aside, i actually look up to you.
Jajaja lo hiciste
If only eh smh tonight would've been the night I get pregnant lol
Road to Student Teaching Department
SJDGLEHGLJDKHG i trust you! im going in completely blind i know nothing about hypmic
I understand pineapple lol but avocado
You literally JUST celebrated your 21st. How did everyone miss that??
Finally found the one I thought off
I still like this hoe better than the official vid
Absolutely nothing they just love to hate him
Han tha
My sons picked VENOM marvel movie for his birthday. enjoy watching that
I think I should stop saying y'all
From 'glamping' to 'mampire'. Thanks, for your always amusing, well-acted intros.
You will regret saying this
Soooo I did my review on project. I hope you really read them papers
my watermark is there but i try to make it not as obvious
I get annoyed easily
Nagaaral sa DLSU School of Law.
I went to the pound yesterday and really fighting going back and bringing Maddox a friend home
Ha! I just read the chapter about this in Ready Player One!
As if we had a choice of what type to have
had 1 drink in the last month... safe to say my body needed that after what if went thru over the summer.
Age restriction ?
Typhoon teens (TF Boys junior) just debut this year, with youngest member born on 2005
Best movie "yes" ever!!! I'll have what she's having!
The more I wear twists the longer I keep them in and proud
Baby Lincoln I hope he has my eye color
But i says different
Allah does not give such a parent to anyone then mom says ok and start chitrol
cut By My
collected all the crumbs from the MV making. I help it.
Which person in your family do you look most like? Idk really. My dad i think.
I'm sorry but what's OG
Good enough for someone? Lmao whats that?
Now go fix my food cuz a bitch starving
I turn into a raging bitch when intoxicated
Tie your shoes, stop tripping
always wondered if dancing was like basketball...are you better if you practice? never tried it I
Currently on my second cup of peppermint tea and third hall I cannot be getting sick rn
I need a paycation
Ack! Crow! Watch out, there's someone behind you!!!
Yo, literal.
always been in love with this man
Official Driver
Self-conceit on a whole new level is implying a kid who stares at you inwardly wishes to be you
Marriage, happiness, soulmate. FUCK
life with panda
Visit my profile
Athens. Why?
Okay fair then whack
Yes if a little bit thin
VSU can I get my refund check this week
Ok this will hunt me down in my nightmare
Were you fired as MJN camerawoman already? Camera operators not lasting long!
How Tf You Winnin & You Niggas Look Crummy , Ask Me Wea I Been , Nigga I Been Gettin Money
Lol. It ain't your season I guess. maybe because the Bears are playing decent
They've
they are taking this way too seriously
Woooah. My heart was racing
uk how we bumming till the world blow shorty
Girlfriend is a normal name. Gfriend is a girl group name. Anyone call her lover
Electric bill so cheap because always at work
Geek out with some sexy fangirls (34 Photos)
have took that 3 hour nap earlier
Selfies Make Tuesdays a Better Day
I think they thought I was spamming Twitter keeps locking me of my acc and shadowbanning me it's
Yeah yeah whatever I just saw u the other day & u was NEVER sis
need to get my nails done but I really know what color I wanna do and I wanna do grey again
Stressed out to the max
Would use this with every text send
I spend so much money on makeup jeez
JAJAJA que buena onda
can you please change your name? i thought lia sia cos ichangemyname
Tried keeping it w just one ranch dipping but my fatass cover the wings in ranch so I got another one
Lmao I really cleaned all day
Goal is 4 plates
going to cry so excited about this
for the endless amount of memes you have created just tryna throw in some funny along with the
Of course! I steal a IG pics
Aaliah is 3 next month
Omfg shookt thank you? I'm out of words haha, good luck sa studies!
yeayy thank you & wish me luck, ehehee
Warriors lose! Lol I'm such a hater
Hiding my Feelings
EE
Everyday Empe
Sam Darnold doesn't deserve Josh McCown! Smh! Haha
like trying to take secret pics of your guy friend that you secretly have a crush on after a Model UN meeting
this is gorgeous! look forward to seeing nothing like this here in london this weekend
BPI close above 2.30pls
are you gonna be Darna this year?
I am too, but it's more comical than scary to me. I was never able to get into vampire diaries tho!
Honestly you I swear no way unless your involved in lots of clubs or sell your
Do you remember? One of our first design
We keep working, We keep designing.
Link in the bio
You tweet this and leave us all wondering!
And back where we started
I needa start writing stuff back on my calendar and get back focus
no idea where that is. Haha. Hanggang Ortigas lang ang rage ng beauty. Hahaha. Pasig Office eh
EPISODE GOD, I HAVE SIN AGAIN. Lol, WHY THE DEVIL MAKE DO I'M JUST SAYING
So its a thing
true. Bud lights a lot cheaper than you but hey
2nd coffee..
We HELL when we well waiting on you
can you please change your name? i thought lia sia cos ichangemyname
Taylor port ready have me slumped
Kendrick looks like a baddie
Gotcha!
Say it louder for the kids who hear because busy slamming books on the table
actually about arguing about whose internet is worse
still drink Ultra but I have no brand loyalty to any beer company now.
I felt so good man Nupeology PreGame talk shit idc I went out sad sad sad
i know that lil boy was saying a Nitti for the longest
Getting the kids senior portraits done today. Nothing like waiting until the last minute.
All I do is talk shit
I'm an asshole
ever been so sad yo stomach hurt? yeah me too, shit sucks.
after last night I believe I have a hangover this morning & I worked 6 hours
So the whole time you're watching it go into your cup, nothing's clicking? Yah neh, ke Monday. Please be okay today, lol
I will learn to surf someday. Not now. When you love surfboard than surfing
Yeaa definetly get to see you rage
This edible got me shmacked
End of a somewhat story. I just see him the way I did before lol. Next time I hope he has a woman.
Minum CTM
Gotcha!
Why they didn't make it to "Hurry hurry hide right cherry bomb yum"
my birthday today!!!!it would be happy if u greet me
NOOOOO I missed the pre order date..next time next time
That's kinda oldie song dear
Why kill you when killing that dude is better
Officially got through my first week of school and ohhhhhh maaaaaaan
always incredible to start a shift with a dead patient and leave with a patient you know is going to make it
Well that's one way to get the kill
LIVE NOW |
Girl, I turned my notifications on as soon as they tweeted this
Yoghty mesh motkhyelak asasn
I don't ship OnTae because I don't like to ship maknaes with leaders (in general ), but I LOVE
Ion have friends so be about me
Now I'm actually curious what would happen if someone liquefied gummi bears and injected them
I stayed up like two nights straight reading your book. I was fully immersed lol
They dead violating Son
Getting the kids senior portraits done today. Nothing like waiting until the last minute.
up, shoot a PM on discord?
gas me
Thank for Twitter translate
Iran is a nightmare for ksa people
Well damn let me interrupt the deer puns
Tbh i never know rose hv that many colors.. i only know blue white red and orange
sample photo of official YGE shop vs. photo taken by me
Jhope said Yes quickly like I know bro, you have to protect him like this.
Me either and debating what meal I should make right now
Every time I try and record my daughters movements she completely stops moving !! Like girl, I rly just want one video JUST ONE
I alr even click noti for tweets from u but why twitter doesn't notify me still
They look so adorable back in the day. Well, up until now for sure.
Me too
Ugh my soul postpartum is literally the worst on top of your hormones trying to get back into place
Lowkey kinda liking business law which I never thought I would
Jajaja ya vi, buen clickbait, nose si se escribe
Hahaha youre welcome babyyyy.. I miss you too so muchieee. in my mind, it's just a busy routine how about you baby?
-; Sadly I'm not too interest with k-drama but I'll try to watch some scenes in YT especially about that guy
If ya know you know
Hot And Kinky Pussy Pledge Rings
I just drove back to York to find that I left my laptop at home why am I like this
Bahaha
Girl, I found it.
This that fucking weather
been a bad weekend to be a fan of any team in Ohio. OSU, UC & the Bengals
Felt like I was having consecutive mini heart attacks over and over again
I know, snap & drive
Wow.. i'm melting now.. Ahaha
bro I really won by .04
cant wait to see how this turns out
1989 lowkey Noah Cyrus
Many many thanks! complain, just...busy
Oh no this is not our weekend lol
What!!!!! I thought it was cookie!!!
Ganda naman coference room ng J1.
Happy Birthday! I hope it's not too late
I teared up while I was reading the thread and the waiter brought over my coffee and was very alarmed
Just finished updating my theme! Go check out and let me know how you guys find it! Link to my
GERMAN TEEN AWESOME BRUTAL OIL ANAL FUCKING MASSEUR ZUM ARSCHFICKEN BENUTZT
i think you should give it a try
I am just waiting for the playoffs. 1st seed or 8th seed doesn't matter
from scream
Someone tell me why I always choose to watch scary movies while home alone
Nah, this is correct!
Basin wala nadayon.
Nope i dont see it
meanwhile I have ur 6 pack in my car bro
Girl if you only knew
I love a lady a little bit afraid of
goin straight to hell when I finish, but riskin it all
Bruh I be getting there confused af like how I die I legit sit there and try and remember the whole car
Right like I diedddd when I found it. ZERO recollection of taking it what I get for trying to keep up
Either too full or too hungry. Nothing in between..
Enough said.
Wah today I damn paiseh sia. I thought she is you
...or when my weight changes if ever
But the stars are nice though
putting an alarm
Everyone keeps saying I should grow my hair back out
Are you ticklish at all? How bad? Lmao very ticklish
Excuse me
what's the name of the program or series?
This week better go by quick cause trying to be at freaky already
Still waiting for the spooky basket not gonna get
Just ordered another pair of Nike boots
I honestly have no ideas what saying in this essay but more than halfway done so happy
Lol if I find out someone is showing my profile to my ex, gonna block you.
Tgv, pleaee help us.. especially aeon klebang.. i'm too lazy to go ipoh parade
literally bought a brand new washer and dryer 6 months ago and my dryer is already broken
gone lie I forgot about him for a minI ain here none about him in
He heh... was hoping for campy cheese but then I realized I'd confused it with The Legend of Hell House
you think cry that hard over gabe or boo (of all people btw)
you afraid to fall in
afraid of being the only one who falls
I thought about Gucci Mane seeing Brrrrr typed out.
Gotcha!
i think a prediction
sure thing
I need Julio and odell to both score 23.45 points tomorrow.
I been waiting 2 hours now can I see the pics
I should've thought of this
everyone is confused during let me, we didnt have comeback/showcase vlive because its single album
I seen any of the good movies that have came out this year
I just knew I was gonna lose this week. way to come through
Pq eu sou assim? KKKKKKKKKKKKK
I played this yesterday at the function and hit my dance bro i got sum pussy i be putting mfs on outchea
I can watch the oddly satisfying videos all day
I've too tired to stream these past couple nights. They will resume tomorrow night around. 10ish. I promise
My dumbass was texting at a red light and what do you know, the car next to me was a cop Thank God I get a ticket or anything
You know how much fucking anxiety just had sitting 20+ NFL minutes hoping nobody scores?
Haha I think Faith started it
i just wanna fuck and build a bond
Some shit is left better unsaid
Less than a month away from my deployment excited but scared
gusto ko pumunta ng NBR ngayon. i miss my OLFU friends as well as my all-time favorite NBR kikiam lol
I plan my outfit based on how much food I plan on eating.
LMAO sorry I help it
almost called my ex whew the devil
but my birthday is saturday so you know I can be as littyyyyyyy as I please
I was joking, team
You should call them that they ruin our parley
You know a guy likes you when not replying through text and he messages you through 2 different social
everyone is confused during let me, golcha didnt have comeback/showcase vlive because its single album
she got me blocked
Next Summer when I get a apartment have a dog
Its cherish iris not cherry
but how is what i wanna know
gotta go shopping for jeans tomorrow
I need some new friends
Hahahahahaha
I want to go to six flags so bad
I miss your pineapple hair
Happy birthday, I hope your hangover too bad!
gusto ko pumunta ng NBR ngayon.
i miss my OLFU friends as well as my all-time favorite NBR kikiam lol
Pages 4 & 5! I forgot I was supposed to be posting these whoops! Anyways, I still love this infected monster
Si Alden yung estudyanteng crush si teacher
Kwanza is that you on your wallpaper?
Gaps can help cure the Monday Blues (44 Photos)
Mainly bc of the bd prospects but more bc I was a damn mess. Whew
I live and breathe by thinking about the encore concert from now on
When the chiefs and pats meet in the playoffs, I see it being a 1-1 series on the season
Devin with his nephew gives me baby fever to the max
Headaches and back pain do not mix well
hey uhhh a little late there DominantDom24
and voice compared to the rest
Im a fucked up individual i admit
Regionals tomorrow
Soo technically that makes the community racist.
Lol to anyone who knows my life
The mess level of my room is a direct correlation to the status of my mental health
I can relate but I think so
Taylor really did me a solid... Wednesday come fast enough
Es que just now hitting me
Also on another note, my niece took her first couple steps w me and I started freaking out bc I was so happy and she got scared and cried
Love, baby & happiness
Girls with Tattoos Are Pretty Damn Sexy
That beat is actually fire
Still gonna put it on
I lowkey wanna go to a haunted house or go see a scary movie
I may have encouraged it me moving may make all of us broke
I AM THAT BITCH. I will pull up and find you
I feel anything now
Well, we don't live to please everybody anyway.
Dan ya lebih gampang buat komen negatif sih.
I tried something different today. I'm usually camera shy so I don't like to post my pictures.
.
I'm posing
Ahh okay.. i Yet to see it Soo umm Yeah
Punch the living shit outta them... end of discussion
Part 4-5 (lost count at this point) of people in Colorado know how to fucking act
Well boys and girls. Another close fantasy week. Down 1.6 and I have OBJ tomorrow and my opponent has Julio Jones
see ooo can't stop laughing eish
To be fair as poorly as he played so did literally everyone else on the team
I wait to dance for my Husband at our wedding reception my playlist crazy !!!
Updates ey ga
HMU if you wanna run a 3 some I mean 3s
And she wants to do it too Oh besty I told u u shd not follow me I wss lost Omg And when shes there I
Lmfao. My goodness, terrible. I still need to write you a letter.
Doubt it but anything is possible
The HOOR really was unleashed
Send the pope
Omg
When you sneeze &
fart at the same time Yo Body Taking A Screen Shot
LRT he was ready to fight that ghost! oh my Dae!
Mannnnnn some things just have to many issues to even try to fix anymore
I know bro on episode 5
Trying to find a good graduate program is stressful
This might be the easiest semester of school I ever had only hard part is getting up to go
Oh shit, that wasn't chicken. It was fish. Oh, and risoto.
This is quite a dinner scene.
Wtf is this?? Prepare for censorship... let's download the video and keep it
Pano yung template kung walang profile picture? Pwede ba yun?
Its all fun and games until feelings get caught ..... but nine??? How y'all do that?? I can't keep up with two.
and I have came to the conclusion that school is kicking our asses & we need to get our shit together
helll yeaah mmm gummi bear blood and clogged arteriesss
lmao now I'm scaring myself
Out of my house? lmaoooo
After all that shit I was talking, I might end up going back to dollar tree
This puts any tennis/cheer/band/track tan line we've ever had to shame. Aloe up my friend
Happy birthday tet panget
Awesome!! That is indeed a great accomplishment. One I still haven't managed
I'm good. I got too much sauce
Omg, out in the street and everything
I need years to re-star the series and finish it this time
Who's up for a white t-shirt contest? (39 Photos)
Losing 70 to zero in a flag football league
constantly wishing i knew what to expect
I really needa get rid of this about anyone or mentality starting to get unhealthy
For real
I used to keep a bottle of this on my office desk at It was always a conversation piece.
He grew up on Xbox Live chat it his fault
i hate voice but i like it is kinda catchy
Episode 3
Can we just all go to Hawaii for spring break and visit
Working too hard, of course
even know I was an air sign
Requirements for being a godfather is u have to be over 6ft sorry Yacoub
Me trying to channel my anger towards something useful like...
I am a hardcore bro but I guess I'm a father now so
I need to go for a drive at this point. The amount of information coming in has me mind fucked
If these Bosnians leave me the heck alone at pump going to freak the f out
Speaking for self
Makes sense! there was an easier group of photos I had that explained it all even better but I
selfie muna bago ma-extend ang visa
Man my sons crazy
that face you make when you see your girl.....or food.
Finished everything that was due today and tomorrow
92 two way stretch grind nba2k19 !SUB !TWITCH: via
This was all by accident
Agdgsfa, oh shit, oh shit, que se siente tener una
The fact that the rest of the AFC west is pretty good makes the Raiders look sooooo much shittier
Haha part of the music industry my bad
Eve has been created by Adam. Please reread that... eve has been created by atom. We are all created by atoms
I had to make a special request
i'm actually much shorter than 4'8 so i'm curious where you heard this
Hahahaha correct
that's all you got!.....smh
play w me you gone like the way I play back
buti nlng tlga pO nO besshyy
usually the case for me; I plug my ears & close one eye I watch *and listen at the same time.
Nothing is working. Nothing is going like its supposed to. I'm running out of ways to keep myself positive
you right, you right
Haha. Neutral lang ako eh.
dont know if I'll laugh or what
I really wanna see Halloween. Anyone wanna come with
not petty petty
Torchic But I was expecting music though
so I thought....and then Porter turned 1 lmao such a situation now that he can grab stuff bc he wants to do it
lol, Mariah reading Dr. Heavenly and then T-Pain reactions were great!
Me lo pusiste
taught me well
happy like 2617191 month anniversary by now
wow i can finally wear the most of the clothes in my closet with this weather
this friend
Good morning Van gogh aka Kim Taehyung I red you
Notice any difference?
Tag:
Haha, yes family bonding. It's my birthday treat! I'll be away sa birthday ko kasi, so I took them out na
I uploaded a release during the outage and as I refresh I can see it about 20% of the time I hope
Yeah...
Mas magkaexcite pana for ff episode
Everyone has their own reading pace. Mine has always just been grossly, abnormally high
why you got blunts and beers
I slept through the first one but i got into the second one. so interesting
I know the shit so let me talk my shit
First time being drunk at work and guuuurl lemmie tell you
5? Omg Hey but going to help you out so much!!
It's either that or sleep at 3am and wake up by 11am. Anyare lang..
Pakiayos self.
OKC, Dubs & Rockets all lost
i like you kasi ang galing mo sa acads and extra curricular activities idol kita actually ever since lumalaban ako journalism
love baby lottery
That's how I feel too
Felt so wrooong shota. Behave self
High heels and skateboards don't mix (Video)
Uh see what it says
Now I just gotta let that do thug thizzle
people really have respect for those who are tryna get into shape. She knew was she was doing & what irritates me
believe I staid calmed today closing. like I got out mf late. But Gucci. Left the store nice tho
why he looks sooooo cuteee and soft
btw he changed to iphone x bcs his 8+ has broken
If it broke fix it I guess
hahaha what video?
just say I attempted to start
Sometimes it feels good to cry
Oh word? I was jealous asf when he played us gotta keep an eye on him
Got any iPhone max in those pockets, John??
call me crazy shit at least you callin..
I need to go out more and meet new people, but so lazy
Poor Yuri getting pranked by our maknae and ichiban unnie.
and I started watching The Haunting of Hill House and we haven't gone 5 min we already covering our eyes
Done mastering the verses and chorus of Gravity by Sara Bareilles.. Bridge nlng.. ang hirap Tulog muna...
wow... Don't dislike orange just bc of 1 bad orange
I wanna go to a DVSN concert with my man
Wow I even wanna go back to Kansas this time around already miss myles and I leave til tomorrow
Ext year be saying I thought I knew who I
After 6 hours finally done w this essay
Sis they wanna do both
oh sorry i meant tickets for me and my friends aman sentral btw (:
Wait okay good, I thought I was alone
diggin this cold weather
Buy a lottery ticket... then holla at yo girl. 10% is all good
can't even use that excuse cause I live at home no one's gonna eat it again for dinner
Ehhhh gotten a few more than 200+ before
Quick door good night scope join us in periscope!!! Now peeps !
Why does living have to be so expensive
I may not believe in god but thank the lord
Lol
There's no dilemma about the hotness of Emma (28 Photos)
Why is it scary to admit to someone you like them
I really expected twins to come out black
No it
Are there anything that they do worked with
Lemme see
None
Charrr lang. HAHAHA thank u
I have to get my thoughts out throughout a movie or I go insane
Soft Senpai noticed me twice in one year!!!
I need to get back to work on this and finally finish it...
Kareem Hunt might help me take down the only undefeated guy in our league. Cross my fingers!
???? He got spat on and tried to poke Rondo in the eye but yea you right he went hard
Hope your luck is better than mine, girl
Why is the only cute picture my friends got is of Peyton and Bryan.
I look cheap.
Lastnight i realized not bad at beer pong
Chemical engineering
Ohhhh. Looks like I missed the joke
Today I'm taking a Korean test to see how badly I suck at Korean
I can't get it out of my head
How can I forget it?
I feel this on spiritual level
The woman is damn fine
Definnitely me
Can't believe that once upon a time during my early 20's I actually had my eyebrows pierced . The mark is still
FADer I FAiled my PHArmacology eXAm.
Apparently there's aliens at the Costco? Dude. If I had known there were aliens I would've started watching it from the beginning!
Well I had a boob job a year ago & now mine have gone up two more sizes since been pregnant. About to suffocate my ass
Nah I knew... I had just forgot
First day in Bicol
W H A T
Can't believe that once upon a time during my early 20's I actually had my eyebrows pierced . The mark is still
My psychic said the same thing! LMAO Career?? CLEARLY PUBLIC EDUCATION HAS FAILED THIS CHILD!
When did you start working at KSN? I thought you had disappeared off the face of the Earth??
Accidentally liked a pic that was throwing shade. oops. staying neutral
So mad emotional right now and turned to see my sunflower and starting to die. Y esa connection
*Lady asks my name for my food order*
Me: Savannah
Her: I'm just going to put Serbiana okay?
Me:...okay..
always been hate
Shookt talaga aq i've never thought my ste kouhais are looking up to me haha, thank you! If u
embarrassed jk
i will be too when u listen to my voice message
The photo quality though
Next year be 21 and my son will be 1
Can't believe that once upon a time during my early 20's , I actually had my eyebrows pierced . The mark is
I had a very productive day and I am ready to start my week... see how I feel at 5am tho
Switch that move to pv
wattpad is life
As much as buying stuff online is more convenient, I hate playing the waiting game.
the best But purely by choice at this point.
telling ya. going to go nuts my sons been having issues with sleeping & I took him to his DR
Finally got this girl i thought i would never get
as soon as i get comfortable with someone i play too much you gon regret giving me freedom to do certain things
Fortnite till 1 in the morning... holla at me
Looking at the picture, what I'd assume is also the DVD cover, I thought it was a group effort Paul Blart.
Tryna get high as I can
when most are figuring out what the emojis mean, international fans have to figure out the timezones first
why am I so clingy & emotional?
become so emotionally invested in this is us
cold feet on your back while your trying to sleep season
Looking at the picture, which I'd assume is also the DVD cover, I thought it was a group effort Paul Blart.
not petty petty
too scared to check my bank balance
Ever since i change my dp to hiichan, i dont recognize my own tweet anymore
Nubile Films - Would you lick the cum from Dido Angels creampie
I rly love him haha he's way overlevelled in my SOV playthrough BC I use him so much
Yikho Indlebe zethu abanye beziluma kanti lisiphethe
Do you mind if a random like me does too?
Not a story time but uploading today!
me, hyping myself up for my 3 midterms in the next 2 days
My son took maybe a 15 min nap around 7:30 .. worst mistake
The amount of clothes throwing away/giving away is insane
I remember because I rarely read books
Nah I have stubble and my arms got hair and calluses on my hands. pretty rough actually
I was legit planning out how a Child reunion tour would go.
havent really started playing any of them tho
You're so cool
Team Philippines
Team Blinks
It feels like ages.
so glad serena set my head straight again
,...Algo fumaron estos gueones
Complicated dan mahal! Kan?
Alhamdulillah
Welcome new profesi
This is going to be a long night
Can we slow down Earths rotation, so we can have 30 hour days
lol I'm just desperate for any kind of baekchen content
The chiefs not kicking that field goal is the difference for me not winning $660 on a parlay Andy Reid shaving
I fell like driving a car for a couple of hours with no destination
Doing my make up is now a 3 hour thing now that I have a baby
Oh been aware and absolutely
did you say
I said shi, without the t. Kinda like she shed but a little
soccer season plz hurry up
No but i like the Joon one
pretty sure all fake lol
The Yoongi and Namjoon one could fool anyone
They have a terrible sense of humor and be any of my friends
And so spoke the guy who goes by the handle 'BakwasRaj'.
I feel like my foot is healing wrong. My shit feel right. I hope wrong. Guess we will see my appt.
Should be getting slurped rn
I know very little abt the technique since I'm just a newbie here but I always
My cousin ranting about his girlfriend and I honestly do not know what to say or do
a mood when my clan mates are busy they came in clutch this weekend though!
Way to many DMS to respond to but yes I'll be alright .
Is it safe for me?
Can't believe that once upon a time during my early 20's , I actually had my eyebrow pierced . The mark is
Well this explains why I didn't wake up from my "nap"
Another empty promise ey?
I only bring keropok keping to SI sure I will go back to SI this evening
Can I nominate myself?
Lately been feeling like a alcoholic
I have 2 weeks left to be happy
Omggggg. What is the meaning of this haha
trying to pose with our chair, cause why not?
Sorry I'll find a way to bring them back!!!
56 hour work week starts today. Ya me. Not thrilled
this is so cute oh my gosh. i love coll so much and the fact that y'all have the same name
I know, but I'd rather not wear clothes
rough
Here's to the start of a very emotional week
Thanks. I do like a few lewd stuff. Mostly boobs
But if i ever tweet it i always edit the photo
One of the Twins! Which one, I dunno They Had The Place Lit! frfr! They Rock!
totally ran into him by accident
so happy with how learning front fulls went tonight during pyramid choreo always looked so scary to me
See it every day on my iphone 3g, iphone 4 and sometimes on my 4s (if downgraded)
I honestly don't know how me and weren't friends before now.... But we weren't meant to be friends
I wanna get into this game since had good pulls but also a lazy butt so...
That's what I get.
Cash App Got Me Sooooo Fucked Up Rn !
We have such interesting conversations now Fuck ittt
Yeah that would had been a big trouble if that was the case but hope this helped
Girl. ready.
Yup, I stopped scrolling since my first response
bro. Can you DM me ? Need to seriously discuss some diet and workout plans.
I was literally done buying birthday gifts....tell me why I just bought a few more things.
Will upload photos sa instagram, so sorry sa flood guys
Indeed. That every night.
I'm doing the hatchtag for mfs update in Thai as I'm too lazy to make a separate fan account
She funny
we may be the only ones
I feel like I have to stay up late tonight since I work tomorrow but so tired
oh same lang with spotify
judge me And yes.... I did let the little kids go first
Update: had the book for 24 hours and have read 3/4ths of the book and am about 40 pages being away from finishing it
My Uber driver made me show him my art and told me how proud he is of me.
Screenshot the post just in case it gets deleted. I'm so having trust issues.
I thought you care cuz I talk about them too much.
If I see one more time always spooky szn. My LIFE is spooky szn no specific time for spooky.
Sometimes you just feel like saying STFU (crumbling this piece of paper and throwing it away now) phew GN
Only someone as repulsive as Bannon could make Frum appear palatable
yea mainly concerned w/ two other leagues
I honestly don't know how me and
weren't friends before now.... But we were meant to be friends
14) A random fact I know? Annyeong is hello and goodbye in Korean?
17 and last year I had to get a root canal
thats only " mvp " in my head
Every after climb my body goes straight to recovery mode. either I eat more or sleep more. Now, both! Kakaloka!
I think I love you
You know what you right
Are you even using your brain? Or mali ang question ko. Do you have a brain? never naging excuse or never
kana mme majority of them do that
It's either you play along so you waste each other's time...
Or just make
What a coincidence we were talking about la Larona and I put it on everything we here her crying put on my
I'm sorry for being walang kwentang girlfriend
forever finna be single cause too crazy
I wonder if there's anyone else out there that loves techno, riddim and trance as much as I do
im getting all better, but still phobia to eat anyhow.
Phew I was just in time
Except you and Madi
I don't blame them
I like the song now but I sing just the part Sanggyun sing in the live hahaha
Today I met someone who was born in 2003. And all I could think was already walking &
I promised myself I turn my heat on before November 1st but FCUKKKKK THATTTT LMAO my house was 50 degrees when I got home
Update: one of them yes. My dog however seems to be fine
I'm doing great, except I feel like I ate a lot today
I love how it went from summer to winter in less than a week.
When you wanna travel around the world but you're broke af..
get a pop this week I need to get some World Series tickets
How do I get the guts to tell a guy he deserves the world and that I want to give him all my love and affection... asking for me.
Guess what I made for breakfast? Do they look like plain prata? No, they are not. The westerners call it the
I take it all back seriously so blessed to have such an amazing life partner
I had to repost the challenge
Lmao i love you too muah i had to try it ,you owe me that one
well tbh i always had a boob out so they were scared to just come it gets better though.. in a few months
Still downloading on/off as we speak. Currently sitting at 54% so if all goes well it should be done by Friday
North beach
HEHE
Mommas. Unless money money involved , ima needs alll mines
I invented sex
Here it is almost midnight and I have to be at work at 5:30 am.
"ma'am kindly open your CESCO,"
Come on!!!! It's CISCO!!! LETTER I YONNNNN!
I think I'm late but how about Mielissa or Melissa?
Only I would wait till the night before to write a 10 page paper
ayy juk juk delete natin ang tweets, naalala ko we follow each other pala sa twitter
Sorry I stole her
it is exhausting finally somebody can see it
We have been so busy at work lately that I literally have shin splits
Agreed. It does everything _if_ you can figure out the controls.
Dm! I have 3 acc
Waiting for my turn
Shhh. let twitter find out you were 12 when you made your account, lock you out
aaa i already used all my votes for today and i dont want to use many accounts cause i saw someone used diff accounts and got banned lol
Ganda lang meron ako
Nah fr. I wasting another 3 years of my life
The most mom thing I did today: eating Oreos in the shower cause my babies finally went to sleep & I never had the chance to eat
You know that
scared to look at my bank statement after this weekend
I want to get high and go to a haunted house and almost have a heart attack!
i swear i crave ihop alll the time
I need to buy that. Hopefully they sell it here
we stop acting like 7 and get over it
Dude I think your looking too deep into it, just a spongebob reference
Okeeey...
Esto si es nuevo
Cool, got these Mexican themed lottery games! But worried the prize might be in pesos Lancaster, California
such a procrastinator in literally EVERYTHING
ready for this challenge
Bro this kid had me In tears lmao.. he said go up there dude going to get
HAHAHA!! Goooww
oO bessshhyy
dapat pakipOt pa rin ng kOnte para mag effOrt ung guy
Second (third, fourth, etc) hand & luck. 90% of our stuff is second hand.
BOA NOITE MS SO PROS FLAMENGUISTAS
Q isso
I feel the love
lol I remember this
orite! sorry for the trouble hope to hear a good news soon! Thanks!!
Them other girls they cant do it like me
RIP to my legs tomorrow at practice; I went a little too ham at the gym yesterday emotional lifting has its pros/cons
Okeeey...
Esto si es nuevo
No, I meant I wanted to watch both of those shows but they were on at the same time!!
Even GSC can't keep up with ARMYs power Cannot imagine ticketing
Got a 97
Wow so lucky I can never do that here and the master student have their own lab have fun today rave!
Hi, frands. Come here and say "Hi"
3 exams this week
thinking about selling my Jimin picket
Swish back to the old Swish This is going to be GREAT !
Sounds exciting
husky do not wanna go Home
so ready
I hope Ry loves shopping as much as her momma does
Nah fiq!
it might be dave
Daha kral hareket
Hi, frands. Come here and say "Hi"
...soon...
By then, I'll be an old grandma waving my lightstick of probably buried along with my lightstick
Praying my godchild loves me enough to sleep through the night tonight I hope just as exhausted as I am
The look Vegeta gave Naruto for saying his jutsu is more powerful than a Super Saiyan. / Photo
so my full name is Adr Kyle de Gala
I'm nothing special love
But if I read further and read there were aliens and who was starting in it I would've started it earlier!
Basically 4 hours later and just finishing my lab report.... fuck
Photoshoot time
- Deku baka
Sounds definitely much better like getting ready for Monday work
Om d celok cak loh
this
Hahahahaha girl. If only it were that easy
If I ever spend time to make personal stuff try
It is currently 11:51 pm, I need a snack, & my child is still awake... what even is life right now
When your ink about to die but you just love to writing...
You showed me what you really are about .... being a child!! one day you will realize the grass always greener on the other side
Yis broooo?
the worst person to watch Shrek with... I have to quote the whole thing!
Definitelyyyyyy happy about it
AT&T
Looked at our first wedding venue today & already over it. Maybe a big wedding just for me
Seeing how Samantha is now makes me so proud
I reference this for any alcohol really
Jane avi reminded me of the girl who played in scary movie 2
Quench your thirst!!!! Magpupungko, Siargao Island, Philippines
Photoshoot time
-Deku... Baka!!
I love you
Another generic songs
If Nouriel half of CT is blocked and we see the tweet
Think I finally finished my homework due tomorrow that had over a week to do hahaha -Katie
My first day at my new job is tomorrow and kind of nervous
I understand what it is not even gonna fight it
If this the mf truth
Lol disturbing how much you could tell about a sex life by what they post on social media kinda
awh awh good!! glad to hear i as bad as i thought i was omg, thank you again for taking some shots of me
Playin basketball without exercise
Monday but my Friday
I smoke with just anybody
Friday Everyone Breakout the Lingerie
Tried KVD liqlips okay lah it doesnt crack, stay on long and but it stays sticky on my lips Tapi acceptable lah
I seen these in awhile
And I'm surely about jaehyun but Jibeom
More than blessed.
Efforts was paid off
O Matheus nem me nota vsfd
A dimanche prochain Danny
I guess you totally missed the point of my tweet and totally fine
To bed we go juicy fruit
Happy Birtday Ella !!!!
You are still the better Andy to me
Hope you you have a great day
because the dude i was crushing on just stopped messaging me lmaooo
Day 20 of Inktober, Breakable. "Fra-gee-lay, eh must be Italian!" It's a major award. Just a day late
.
in 95% sure this is the case for all of my followers
Work this week is gonna kill me, but not my bank account tho
liquor is my friend
Hitting two birds with one stone. Hehe mygni isa ra ug agency ang N Hotel ug Seda
Olympic hopeful, Kassidy Cook will dive into your heart (20 Photos)
This shirt says cares, work and just in the corner rocking it man. I love that hahaha
Whaaaaaat?!
I got ultra sun right when it came out, started it and played it since
At
dodged a lot of bullets in my life
meet for a tattoo date
Highly relatable!
My bread was almost launched
wait, there are people taste testing pepper spray... by choice
lawwwd, do yo thang
I be tryna rub it off and everything
I really wanna see you on tour but I cause plane tickets are so expensive
I was such a bitch LET PPL LIVE
Have to every now & then
I also have no specific idea why I love gulaman. Maybe because I enjoy eating it? Hahaha may pagka bouncy in every bite? Hahaha
Picked up an extra two shifts this week.
Me too
I work better solo solo always have
This is what I always do
What he said! It was so gooooood. The rice is garlic fried rice.
Haha you are a bit exaggerating, but thank you! Btw both Piper and Ella are REALLY not my type
who else puts an ice cube in their bowl when eating cereal ?
Okay then when your foot falls off dont cry
I wish to eat delicious japanese foods everyday
Onegaishimasu at
I believe I actually did this
My social anxiety is so bad that i almost passed out asking someone if they could pass the ketchup today
be so mad at me friend
agree. annoying af sbb nampak dia try hard nk buat lawak
Como me gusta asustar a mis hermanitos
Miss those days when on a flexible schedule with only 3 school days. And I can just skip school as and when I want
Submitting assignment on the last minute feels like diffusing a bomb
Da try tapi not for me
My butt doesnt always look big with pants on but boy oh boy when these mfs come off
Yes. Mom and Dads are off limits though
Cute
a dumbass for starting the haunting of hill house right before bed but so good & now i cant turn it off.. who needs sleep
Yeah... he has eye for
EPISODE GOD, I HAVE SIN AGAIN. Lol, WHY THE DEVIL MAKE DO I'M JUST SAYING
This is me most days
Just some advice for everyone, go to the Texas state fair on the very last day.......such a dummy
I rted on the wrong acc sorry
Family whatsapp chats are another level, when you live the other side of the world to half of your siblings
Toy mala
Same here no way I can stop now! about to hop into episode 3 oh boy
That privilage only belong to my cats, noonim. Would you be my cat, then?
My hairstylists are doing my hair right now and dancing to Fresh Prince of Bel Air like hardcore
I wana go to a drive in movie
??????
Oh~~~~
It's bts world
I just turned on my twitter notifications... its been off for years now
No??
I'm really confused
Pareeeents! Kung hindi aso stuffed toys nalang talaga muna tayo jadinesnapshots
If you think the crickets are bad you should see the doors that burst open on their own
Lmfao Oof he playn no games damn scared too lol
Today was the day that god answered one of my prayers, it was below 80 degrees in Florida
I am 39 so, please and I am almost 40 and I am not cool
is that Me?
been a minute and I sleep.
This 2 hour nap was good but not what I needed my upper back still fucken hurtsss
Felt like playing with 3D photo effect again decided not to do a car (this time... )
Lol. Somehow this happened at lunch Friday.
Skydiving next?
I know
Exactly my thought.
I punched it cause I raging
Me tomorrow
I hit the brakes for you.
to
GO! Community Day was annoyingly productive today
Ive come to realize I try to avoid places i used to always be at with my ex. Explains why I hate being at home now
I have never seen no shit this beautiful real life thought it was a cartoon
alright.. group members so, anything bout it, friends too
*sips * I know we ALL did not think Xtina was going to roll over & take this NO Vaseline
Yours is coming I promise
Lmao exxx posedd
$8,000 ...ugh
JK wrote this
Thats no mamba mentality, they make look bad... stay classy!
Saved you delivery fee tho
Me too everyday
When you want to spend time with someone, sleep seems less important
We went to a vegan restaurant that had menus made out of leather.. the irony
They know what goes on behind the scenes
Does anyone have a Facebook?? :) I have a favor to ask lol
trying to win a contest
Guys I'm buying and eating groceries like I'm Michael Phelps training for the Olympics.... Do I have a tapeworm
this could be the most savage convo namung jaja sagaaaang
And Dzanan Musa... He can play in garbage time.
Koya on the side be like... Pigil pigil dapat professional.. Bawal muna kiligin...
How about web beats? Even thought of a small logo for it
The longer been single, the more learned that everyone in a relationship is a cheater
Update. have power til 4am at the earliest thanks to a blown transformer
Wooooow memories
no shit Sherlock hahah
relate to this more
This had to be the most productive weekend of 2018
I got WIFI in my apartment at the moment
I finally tossed ball after some years!
be the day
Btata hon attandance ho jai
Man... tired of being tired
Shit just got interesting
Okay but like one thing I've learned from this program is that I really don't like drinking it just makes me
can it be november 2nd yet cus ready to get away for awhile
?! [Day 51 Streak.]
trying this new thing when I roast ppl
Up late trying to catch up on emails, messages and my to-do list over the last few weeks I've been out of
Okay chad calm down. Go hit your juul or something
I dont think this is proper to tweet
Who is your friend? Pic 1 wali ya 2 wali
I thought most people did when they were kids but I guess not
Que se va a ir Santino por mi culpa
We were busy on the weekend but we will check it out on
Social media really having convinced these ppl living their best lives a bunch of dummies
Seriously me though ahah although I finished two assignments today
When someone dreamed about you that u died from a car accident and U already had 3 almost car accident
Turned in my paper exactly at 11:58 never again will I procrastinate
Ooo Jesus..... billionaire or not, may have to reconsider that one.
Last min group projects are my fave
Just woke up from a food coma... all you can eat sushi is no joke
lots of enjoying things today
Have
People who still try to control their after the break up are the worst
DJ did you ever lose to Penn State when you were at Iowa?
Aman central , now dh sold out
Thank you po
You are crazy pretty
baby fever at its finest
LOL oh god
Oh, over thinking things...
Stilll a while but came a long way
still samba in these because i has two left feet Universal Studios Singapore
Yooooooooo! Cam babies go enter this amazing ass RaFfLe!
I would enter but I don't have Insta
Time to move
The kiddo is off to school post Dussehra hiatus and I get to do what I love the most - blissful reading, my ME
Also in south africa
so pretty until you try to read it and like impossible lol
HANYA ENGKAU YG MAMPU TAKLUKAN HATIKU..Aku chintaaa akuu chintaaa..
Ima make me a CD playlist
Tenten out there saying good morning around 12 noon.
Whenever I take new pics I swear I look at them for hours, obsessed
Just put 10 items in my shopping cart on 3 different sites and then decided not to buy anything hahah why do I tease myself like this
I meant high as heaven cause hell is down
b-but :(( I wake up at 4:30am every morning
so your girl getting any sleep at all :,(
Dreams about teeth are stress dreams. I used to have dreams that my teeth turned to chicken nuggets and that I ate them.
Okay, I've caved in and put on the heating I'm absolutely freezing!
Tbh been so busy crazy
Nah nah I answered ya question a difference
Monday is heavy, but FLBP is heavier (52 Photos)
Just got in the car and ..
They are bananas they just ripe... I think
real soon my G
jenna clips a deer and the guys jump out to find it
how'd you get the name C5? I dont know if you answered this before or not, so if you did my bad
It makes me so happy to hear Leila talk so much now such a big difference compared to last year I even get her to shut up sometimes
healing, love, baby lmaooo cool on the baby but take love and healing
Sent a wants milk message in the family group chat expecting a Now I have to order 5 milk teas.
They actually went on a sale a few days ago and yes 3 days lang.
Bentar lg balik ni kita boy..
.
.
.
Canberra, Australian Capital Territory
My anxiety has been through the roof lately
going in on brother nature
That thread broke so many times I'm glad that I managed to keep it together
BIRTHDAY (Not quite yet her time though )
Send this ANGEL of a human GIFTS
IS ANYWHERE DOING ANYTHING WORTH A HOOT FOR HALLOWEEN? Bc trying to get festive but I spending money if my ass is gonna sit home
No I didn't. I have no shame.
I usually don't let them get to me, just terrible timing for it to happen today I guess
Tight yoga pants, loose self-control (40 Photos)
Mumoyo- Minister Mahendere
This song got me through in one piece
EPISODE GOD, I HAVE SIN AGAIN. Lol, WHY THE DEVIL MAKE DO I'M JUST SAYING
lol i see why they say assume .... my bad
phew. Landed on the lucky side of 50/50s for this slate.
When find that male strip club let me know if they hiring thanks
Its all fun and games until the moment you come back home & realize there's a lot of homework to do
That mere tweet karte karte you came
Nah, no one gonna know if together.
And it's free to use! I'm trying to expand my kingdom doesn't hurt to try it. Times are hard lol
getting so huge lol Im definitely gaining all the weight I lost at the beginning of my pregnancy
I wana rt but it apply to me rn
my mf birthday, a queen is finally 21!!!! Okay, okay, okayyy
Oof
Literally I stay alive for exactly those two things. (Yeah, I worry about my plant, okay?!)
I was just listening to this. Are you my FBI agent?
not ready for it.
popravite napako
When you remember you have no boo
Nightcore, EDM, House, metal, anything loud, fast and angry.
Kya baat..
Okay, I real life met Jon Moody today and give him my I feel dumb
Hahaha she a thot but i cant say no to it
It makes me want to literally puke at how bad of a failure I have become since high school
Thank god Bc I did not have it in me to try and fight
Would you mind talking about NCT and their future?
Really nice! Poor overheated foxy, wish could blow him. ER-- WITH A FAN, I mean!
I gotta stretch my ear again
But at least I got him looking at me while he was singing...its better than nothing
When I think I feel a gush in a timely manner but you check and just discharge>>>>
relieved and happy
I guess Vince Vaughn wouldn't pass today's PC culture standards. He's the one joking about genital mutilation.
been a week since I deleted the FB app . I wanna download it back so bad
I need to get the grey shirt
really contemplating buying the new Blackberry phone
Listening to season finale of while trying to get through Monday hustle. Ang labo lang ng audio ng mic ni Ely
yep the right!! you should count all the changes made and see if people can spot them all when published
Lmao your guess is way better then mine sis
Awesome . Thank you for asking
Tindi ng confidence level.
Sis how did you tweet this confusion
What is it with you guys that try and hit on a girl that you sibling
I just drew out and made the appointment for my first tattoo
the accuracy
BITEC Bangkok International Trade & Exhibition Centre
Lol... I hope so
Lmao ohhh I was about to say girl same... and I even like guys lmao
Had my legs shaking all day
I was just making fun because the song reminded me of euphoria
I'll take a joy ride by your side Whoop, WHOOP!
Yaan nyo nkng sna bn/mewls makausap nya.. they don't deserve our attention..
Good Morning.. May the lord bless & protect everyone able to read this. Have a great week
Hopefully!!! Fingers crossed that it doesn't take too long
the two genders, girl and
my bf actually gets mad cuz I cuddle my cat more than him
of course
Now I just gotta figure out where I want to rent a car
*cough**cough*
bhai ldkio ka yhi rona rehta hai sala hume koi yha etne follower nhi mil rhe hum nhi ro rhe
Yo this is all with one person in one day
This boy is a bottom! LSS na ako!!!
Last doodle of the night :D mr busted fingers? lol idk his name he's just a doodle...
ugh like i seriously love like being smothered in them and shit. i didnt realize it was one of my kinks until recently
Alright boosting me now! Lol
Well this is depressing
We were there too at almost the same time as you
Free carry-on luggage I guess is their version
Why am I like this?
tired tired
i kicked people out of my life for a reason, but let them back in just as easy
lol oh wow. glad pnc have that
dotor muu bna tort atsraarai gsh
We still have vynil disc on my house. When my mom has nostalgia she pout one of them on the player
already wanna go back home
glad my niece outside to see her daddy get whooped by her uncle dat shattered his pride
Correct link ^^^
Seeing someone else tell the person you love, I love is just a whole other feeling itself
I need a vacation
Yes namaaaan haha Priorities muna and indulging one's self Ingat parati, Ate Nicole! ang nice mo, thank you
*a year ago I drove four drunks including my self to corpus 5 a.m. and kill us. very good times.
really?
You missed the process when you were away. These guys saw the number of meltdowns I had because of brokers
Does anyone remember that thread I made about PB&J a few months ago??
I don't know why I just thought about
Will they hire us back tho
Damn this tweet pretty much sums up my day
OMG
Holded human gut for the very first time
Almost believed you for a second
literally all it takes is a raised voice for my anxiety level to straight up sky rocket
He gotta go through the flame like everyone else not easy to get close to me
Jajajaja cierto, sorry
holy moly you're only 5'5. i shouldn't be surprised at people being shorter than me anymore. i'm a whopping 6'2
Lol you got to pay for something sometimes
you share the same bday as Jimin and my mom!
Me too!
Lol I'm too shy and lazy to tweet
to be
Is it weird that I was with 2 of my for years and really shit with them memories or anything
Here's how you shake what your momma gave ya (Video)
he really pays attention to my actions, how i text y todo, and notices immediately when something is wrong. wow okay no not again
too cuteeeee i cant
Oh I have so much to say.
And easier to forget stuff like this too !
Safe to say my sleeping pattern is finished
Wish east had a crowd like this
Now is not the time to fall for this absurdist nonsense - Thank Goodness I quit watching MSM in 2016. a
Finally made it home
i have the newest macbook pro i don't think it slowed it down that much.
I feel famous
181022 Gun's Instagram Update
It seems the gang hasn't waken up yet, only along
I'm so excited to see in a week. I've been trying to see them since Adornment was released but life keeps getting in the way
algunos te chotearon?
Oh My..This is The Best
these a different kind of people here
Scary
We good over here sweetheart
I submit my weekly check in because I think of anything good that happened for the week
Isn't it messed up that people walk around Salem as witches...? Talk about respecting the deceased
Lol never say never
181022 Gun's Instagram Story Update
It seems the gang hasn't waken up yet, only alone
Love you too
For me is Good Morning
Level 3
New heights
New experiences
A step closer to my dream coming true
Thank you Lord
Bro Matlab did not just crash in the middle of my midterm lmao
I've been questioning my own sanity for about 50% of today- guess I'm still sane, darn Luckily
Same, except I still do this
I been getting them mfs since I was like 15-16 lol nbs thinking bout it maaaan we real life been through a lot
that makes a lot more sense
Pretty Corean Girl Interracial Fuck
BREATH Error: Not Found
wkwkwk
I call this Can you think of a better name?
What wearing to the Kitchen this thanksgiving? coming different
We Say No to Asian Girls
And truth be told I'm very impatient with serious tv and movies at the moment
my dad has the tiger one and the red flower one
Yee-Haw! Its a country girl kind of day
keep my room clean but it keeps getting messy!
Dude believe me ! I'm going to try my hardest !
Lol do me like that I just stay partying
First time trying acrylic for fanart and some (fake) sparkles
6 yearson Facebook
Fuck man Brazil had Robinho , Kaka , Ronaldinho , Ronaldo , and Adriano all on one team
Un gran visto
EXO marketing team should use Grammarly unless these mistakes are made on purpose.
* reenters -> reenter
* COMIG SOON -> COMING SOON
I just peeped. the internet really trying to get him out the paint
I really want my first tattoo to be my whole back
Nomas veo Master Chef por
More concept pages...I still really like these
Alarm is set for 450 am... why am I awake
I think when I say wichita all my people on here from texas think I mean wichita falls
Day drinking ass easy as it use to be.
Ngayon ko lang na'appreciate yung Somewhere down the road
LOL why am I'm 21 with friends married and having kids
Well ya know lol I try I try
I MADE IT TO THE END tried
Anyone good with excel and making histograms?
Mmmmm I sure do love hurting myself. Lol
I just noticed I taken any selfies of myself since August
Excited it's back
Not really. Some things just get stuck in my head though
ce deme search terengganu nok jd kelate 2.0 dh
25 - i assume this is referring to the q&a thing i posted, if not, lemme know bby
the bts song i could
body hurts man
Ok may test sa autocad
my feed is full of jamill my god????? jamill here jamill there
love ya
What a great time to live in Boston but what a bad time it is to work at the Marshalls next to Fenway
blessed
What was he doing?
Lol the show.......about you well
I have been a witness of this
But itssokay la uncle ni x bebai pon :D my dongsaeng also rasa wif him but so fr so good, its just
More like the annoying Yoongi stan. IVE MISSED EVERYONE!
I enjoy the photos we took today. But some of the Editing is....not my favorite thing. it reminds me of overexposed MySpace edits.
Shhhh of course not.
21 years after it was released, and after 20 years of living, i will still never be emotionally stable when Jack dies on Titanic
Who wants to go run at the beach with me at 5 am tomorrow????
Rough? Or ruff?
Did not think he was about to kick the baby at the beginning
Not everyone has family to do a bit of work is that still fucking with me?
I'm doing a good job of not watching any show videos... So far I just checked and
Not LA exactly but not San Diego either heh
Lol I forgot I fiddled with the sensitive media option in my settings. Don't worry folks I'm not posting anything awful it's off now
Love helping my friends out but not really good about asking for favors in return
Being a manic alcoholic isn't cute why do y'all brag about it
Thought i was the only one who went through that shit
PLEAD THE FIFTH: like this and dm you a question and quote this tweet with an honest answer or say i plead the fifth.
Wait...what
Boss overseas since last week.
A mouse just ran out of my closet into the middle of my room and ran back into my closet
46 + Monreal Ramsey Vardy
Duh receh bgt
But.. if do this in modern times it will definitely be a problem
Even so, the origin of the game's Holy Grenade was this
Effectivement, il faut dormir !
32
Still believe that Ravens choke, how does Justin Tucker miss an extra point
I knew that lol I just don't like what they did to the song
Wow I really had a death wish last night, lucky to be alive
be whatever want me to be
actually done exactly goin on in that picture at a gas station in Sulphur I smelt some fire ass
join us
I'm not sure what Kamikaze Boy said to me But the fact he replied my tweet... Ufff. <3
The struggle is real this is so me.
Tamo
Did I really just waste three hours of my life on Pinterest?
Yo. My Myers tattoo is in that itching phase. And fucking annoying.
I was out of control
Reminds me of your CPE class now
Where the big booty Houston niggas with an ass like this
wow for the first time ididnt procrastinate to do my hw, all done . YAYA
I remember the last time I got enough sleep
Love, healing and baby ... yoooo hol up man
it has tho :) around Pavia
Just finished all my assignments
Ang cutie ni
crazy active on telegram and my whatsapp is like nonexistent
Erreur
Finally got my shit back !
We try lmao anime avis got it rough enough, our only option is to try to be nice to each other
Well I passed my first sobriety test tonight
whew..
Why do I spend so much money on unnecessary things
Well just watched the first episode of The Haunting of Hill House and it may be a lil difficult to go straight to sleep
Newbie lagi
I'm Jimin with math
been there.
I like the caption Mel !
Emboque a tres personas hoy and all of them called me like 2 mins after I did shit was creepy af
Yessss lol watched and rewatched
thanks for the motivation
May I know kung anong concept or meaning ng nasa debut pictures mo? I'm just curious and btw, ang gorgeous mo.
concert tickets or a bunch of bt21 merchs
Haha. I think take a bit to process everything. you really go a day or miss everything.
D-Day I'm going to be strong today
there's a disease called mono? is it probably a shorter term for infectious mononucleosis?
But true...you never know if its fireworks or gunshots in the hood
PS; a rebounding athletic
White ppl cant say nigga even tho they made that shit up
I believe I turn 18 next month
i said i was gonna stop smoking, but i wanna buy another cartridge lol
What a weird guy
I believe gotten all these guys in less than a month
This is why I cut it
I accidentally took a 4 hour nap
Do fics count? Or do my review notes count? Hahahaha jk actually this book my friend
I should buy tickets to see drake and Travis in November
All bout Mexican food with a hang over
You know the best part about girls we know who has small which is aloootttt
no way i get nervous all the time, but WAY less than i used to the older i get idk why. Or i just ignore them calling
You got a lit squad ni lol, idk how you got DBook, embiid, Westbrook though. beyond me
You got what you deserve
I have a slight hangover after 2 !!! G&T. I'm definitely out of practice Time for coffee, good morning, tweethearts
for the contact my Uber
Ok, this is actually really bomb...
Oh I was about to say!
Pang KR yan for sure
Sabrina has a VW van, no address and our full attention (30 Photos)
otw
Having to explain streaming to relatives that have no idea what's going is awkward af
Life is a journey that constantly socks you in the dick lmao
how Jacksonville coming huh.. i need to take a trip
super glad to be back in my dorm room but cold as balls up in here ...
Damn, a lot can happen in a year
You ever wanna slap a bitch ? Oh wait I already do that
Mine! I forgot to collect him...
Now I'm here..
On the real, about to relax, scope find me a lame & be happy! Eat, sleep, do homework, watch moves! Alllllaaaattt be GREAT
De
Ah i tought cause it was announced on japan concert on 29th
For fucks sake how many of my regulars are gonna come see me this weekend I mean I love but fuck
This concept is so foreign to me...
Wag naman sana
Salty that not in Cali right now but got some gelato so I can pretend
He's just too happy showing the bracelet
thats so weird because IM an unnecessary thing
Staff aku nama dia imanie i choose her because i love her name i dont know why
LOL well I certainly got myself into a pickle
been testing me these days & I dude
Somepeople prefer to use their DS acc rather than real account because they can be themselve in anyways.
Looking at her Boutta risk it all like..
BV's little Kaira has grown so big
Time is flying so fast
last nights stream had me on the edge of my seat!
click the link to see the actual footage
I still have to make 2 rubrics by 11:59 and I have a freaking best of a migraine from making the last 3... why do I do this to myself
okay glad I'm not the only one thinking that
Supporting him I mean them hihihi
Cc Anabelle ya no asusta y se hace conductora de
What apps do you mostly use on your phone? Netflix, Snapchat and Instagram
Damn I remember what happened last night
the alcohol not me
Technically yes. Playing solo.
I really knocked it out fast as hell. Probably missed some important little details
Haha that's right.. but i mean i'm at the level that i was too tired waiting that i forgot
Some more selfies from Saturday por que por fin me
I know, it made me cry the first time I watched the show, sure this second time be any different
I barely won
I come through
Halloween movie was good; I can never just look at Michael kill the people though
Ouch Since never be added I bother retweeting.
Went on an actual date for the first time in a long time
hate being alone at night cause then all my emotions just come out and laying in bed crying
So this happened you stop follow me
I think be 8 I finished the expansion yet so I really know the other agents like that
Pues creo que me pudo haber ido peor Shiny Metagross 15-6-10
Too bad phones are always out it ruins it all lol nothing like this
somehow i end up back on twitter
Hahahaha.
Why not is it that bad
I'll see how. Likw you said, i have currently many things to keep myself occupied with
That gif has more clothes than I do
I believe Taeil said I know that nasty,
My 8x years old grandpa just sent a message in english wtf someone must have typed it for him right
Nope
The person who said that...really know nothing about marketing I can lecture that person about
i'm going to practice room now
a sucker for some cheesy pickup lines
Scorpios run the W O R L D
Thank you! I'm actively trying to improve my plating skills but it's a slow process
It's not too late, but difficult let's see. Oh lol yeah, it is
The absolute WORST loss is when second in scoring
I went to the movies with this girl & my car start
Hahaha. Middle age crisis.
as I watch him play it right now
Prawn behind stone
Anybody got a mop I could borrow? Lbvs
I probably have at least 10 mental breakdowns a week But I do get shit done
And just because you are so annoying.
This is why I should stick with kdrama & jdrama artists
That would have sooo been our luck you go viral on we had x amount of
*coughBULLSHITcough*
Oh hey Linds
This it chief
My neighbors from across the street just gave their kid a brand new Lexus Que vida
play a game called how many times can Cody call me babe in one message.
This angry little bird is me every Monday
(via:
My snap is tweaking saying screen recording snaps, it me
Only if they smelling righteous
12:17 and i just remembered i have a quiz tomorrow 8am
Boiii almost there.
Nak beli slow juicer je pon, siap buat excel sheet for all the specs and pros n cons
I did not know the Wachowski brothers were the Wachowski sisters now
shet naclick ko lang naman yun accidentally
I forgot I have a new number. been hitting me with I was getting all hurt
If I saw her walking down the street I'd honestly faint
for the love god please tell me you blow that whistle after she did
Facts this is me
Held human gut for the very first time
Hmmmm I haven't thought of it yet but there's a lot of things to do.
I enjoyed this too much
gpp. SAH wi
That 5 hour nap tho
You gotta put your back into it make that pussy talk sis
I got one ghoe outfit
Stop before I get cursed out fr
That's not me
Happy Twitter-Birthday!
my ass is really tired of being single like WTF mr right needs to
be sexy
coo
respectful
fresh
and plenty
i swear my body is over 50 years old
need to sign me
- I had to take a test on what career would fit me best I would have to be a stay at home ok good to know
Is this a sign that I should continue my plan on a solo trip to iloilo/bacolod?
bruh why is it always against the Clippers that Harden's doing this. Complete violation
Aha sorry ... but i just noticed Junmyeons leg that is over the 'E' is bad too
I have made the biggest mistake of my life . Lol all of this is just a joke . I am a joke but over now .
I feel like be annoying if I talked about listening to Summer Walker for the millionth time
Aww. Thanks Lou! Just got to find the right balance, I guess.
think u got no goofy cause I play a lot
Yeah, this was a moment.
This is about J11 right?
Waaah re
They chirp with an Australian accent bahaha
Still believe I went to a haunted house
I just hope soon
sorry for the people who see me when I pop off, I sometimes control my mouth
what can I say?
Chivettes bored at work (36 Photos)
I need this as my screen saver
Like a snare. With chains stretched across the bottom.
I read all of your tweets as if voiced by Gunnery Sergeant Hartman. I don't know why... it just happens.
guess you're right on that one
Based on firsthand experience, yes.
Then I feel like the entire franchise was pointless
im getting grown
We always used to say in England (London)..
Iyaa trnyta gmpng yaa nmbah followers dg cepat hehe
Would be nice to have a decent time, it's not always about kickin it and getting fucked up every weekend
Boy I jus fell out laughing
I didn't know
Anxiety should be in full swing this week...thanks college
I wished for some things and now used to em
I'm Too Unlucky Congrats to the Winneeeer
back to work in a couple of hrs
And I'm still a broke army
SO happy I have to wake up in the morning.
Im back Twitter
damn I made this protein shake as thicc as me, whew
That's it for Sharpie Sunday.
(Yes, that's what my last thread was, basically.)
I think I'll give my hands a
i would love to go see banda ms....but the tickets are soo expensive....mejor me espero para un jaripeo
Then she tell me pump and dump oh this lady
Deleted a toxic contact you know... the person you text when drunk
So glad I have to report to jury duty tomorrow
Haha I find you in the comments anymore so I thought you left
i knowwww / it makes me cringe
Yup but he is kid for that show
it was short
Let a nigga miss you sometimes If he never do yall were never meant !!
Jgh
He really is tho like he wins almost all of his guard battles
My phone been dry all day
I need a girl
If you cheat, heart this
Oo bes so so sad.
That awkward moment when your doc asks what kinda music you listen to so he can play it for everyone...
can help with that
For not playing ball in a while, I think I played pretty good
starting the IU diet tomorrow
Oh come on now Don you know wit all that every now and then
Kalantung ko
I thought you'd enjoy this
Webcam amateur couple blowjob
r u ready for me, 2nd sem?
haha extend po ng weekend
The dancing scene was creepy but somehow comforting
My partner has a theory
mr nash is spoiled already he will only sleep by himself for about 20 mins then he wants held yay me
i.... kind of like these
fucked your head up, realer then that
My little sister is fucked!
Well I looked kinda cute tonight . I got so many compliments that my head hurts now
lol I'm ok I'm just sick with the stomach flu or something and I'm being a dramatic bitch about it thanks tho!
Omg i never wanted to spend more than 20 on those things
Closing app worked for me my b glsd you figured it out though
Who wants or needs a room mate
How can u call that an article. Nice screenshots though
Former screenwriter?
Not gonna lie, I just finished a short paper due tomorrow this way
People text text
I almost completely cut the tip of my finger off and got NOTHING on the pain I just experienced from that brain freeze
Just a few girls making sure they're not vampires (44 Photos)
Wasn't even at the 's... concert but have withdrawal symptom. So I make a new playlist base on the concert
My ex and I have 3 mutual friends on FB yet he comes up as suggestion. Even on insta. Like wtf.
I didn't know that Call of Duty 2 was Xbox 360 exclusive.
my appreciation post lolololol
selective lah mencari teman gays
Bassrush last year was better too
Helps me focus when I work on soemthing.
throwbacks bc in just a few days be parents
pag wala sila roommates part 2 hello kiss marks from last weekend
Bunk it and go out and have fun
Happy birthday
Shit ! I tagged the wrong
You'll hear it from me!...if I get it my PS4 Pro out before, of course.
So I bought myself a fountain and the best. I love it.
Our convo earlier
I gained 70lbs
Lmao! Oh nah I was just going ham... unless you really want too
Sassy Go Go? Soo Bin
this is me when I'm left alone w myself like literally
EPISODE GOD, I HAVE SIN AGAIN. Lol, WHY THE DEVIL MAKE DO I'M JUST SAYING
Na diactivate bigla
No soy buena en esto
Too bad u kicked her out
Wow ,Twitter neh
my appreciation post tho
a bit of a bummer to be your only nightowl of your friends when feeling chatty.
We lost by less than the bangles
If you serious I'll appreciate $100
Preparing myself that my cheeks are going to get pinched so much this weekend
God, love & baby lol uh good without the baby part
Princess Jasmine
Sudah mas, sama mbak veby tadi
Lol for how much I like to sleep I should really reconsider my major
just remembered abt this! the always gets me
i really hope it works tomorrow
Niggas are very slick w their words, tell ya
Aye these kinda dope
Kasakit ba oy. But I need to deal with this alone.
I have to wake up at least half an hour before I have to get up, it takes me that long to drag myself from my bed
If you knew me in middle OR high school, sorry
This shit look fun idc what say
I dont get what you're trying to say you are confusing me
Goblin slayer should come with a trigger warning holy fuck
Damn I was that dude selling cds with yo fav tracks for 5$
Should I go out
Helping my friends find stuff for their costumes Yes, I was born for that
: Renault Duster Prestige 1.5 dCi EDC. Phew
Still believe I got another tat
Or I Hear The End Of It
I'm ok now don't get yourself into trouble.
I love this
Now blaming long snappers
Actually, yeah
Update! Bought my costume
getting ready to lecture my kids be like
Bro I
it's ok! there will always be others
Feeling better at the very least
I def know the feeling.
My son happy
These are the hours when I sometimes feel socially but there's hardly anyone awake.
realize how much planning goes into a baby shower until now SOS
weeks from now
Only 7 more weeks until the semester is over
Ahi te voy a contar bien
Lmao that used to be my situation when they gave me fridays off
how I feel 70% of the time when people talk to me
To my happy pill,
Gusto ko akin ka lang, I may sound selfish but i just don't want to lose you
Y tan cerca de Soledad
My feet hurt...
Sa mbc or winkon con weekend daw mamshie if gusto mo? Haha. Dm daw siya if gusto mo kunin. Aw
So many inconveniences today but everything seemed to happen at a good timing. Oh praise the Lord
Few months left for the boy
Dankie. I have a long flight so it should be good to read
Even the toilet can be cute in this country! Tokyo, Japan
Weird seeing me in this!
Inadvertently doing sober so fucking lame
Ok but why am i watching some chick do Halloween makeup after eating edibles at 12:30 in the morning
Sorry for tagging w/out notice
Do what
I'm gonna declare today a win because of Catherine (26 Photos)
I'm just being grateful for the feeling
Twitter Eu te Amoo
OCTOBER 16th
God I really want this 4Runner
Leo has a night light so all good
thank youuuu. i try
A thread for anyone that wants to show me pictures of my ex with other girls or wants to talk to me about him.
got used to not talkin to anyone now just a lonely grouch
To clean my room. That is the agenda before duty good luck to me
His my dream
Odd seeing myself in some of these shots. Knew I should have gotten a haircut!
5seconds from making another cappuccino
y red heads
Between EU and NA there have been 144 games of god damn a lot of CS:GO! So happy to be
Wtf! No mms!
Switch Flipped
i had to listen to that version before even listening to their eng version
Time to catch up on Riverdale
Oh okay, joke went over my head deleting my tweet this second
So become obsessed with decorating and now I want four Rae Dunn mugs
Methinks the ref would allow it
Did they form a line to come at me? Orrrr
really not tryna be an adult tomorrow
Forget your home team, root root root for hers
I drink it sorry
Anybody down to love me just the way I am
gakdhdls my boss saw me playing sif idk if hes okay w it or not. he just laughed at me wc could be sarcastic too
I drink to much no wonder I found the love of my life
Love, Baby, Happiness
grandmas were definitely out to play last night
My personal opinion? Vote for whomever aligns with your personal views. Though, I vote Libertarian.
Arrey he hasn't committed genocide na. Fashionocide or tastocide maybe but Hitler is too much
I'm positive I'm not the only one that read this in in Gunnas voice
. This is me at the Godforsaken place I shall not name.
What a blessed weekend and once I get through this week (definitely tomorrow) we big chilling for the next 2. ... stay woke folks
HAHAHAAH sorry
I feel attacked
Oh really? Actually i don't know haha what i know is just integration i know how to solve but don't know their actual names
I have most of her catalogue on my phone and NEVER I be singing my ass off though
Meanwhile Dez looking at the cowboys like
up with ya boys in my messages lol damn. Feel like being tested aye jk weird
Eh, who are these fans?
Time for bed early class tomorrow and then nothing till then evening thank goodness
I know!! Especially because the WHOLE fam is going to be together lol you know how that goes
Gaguhan na relationships HAHAHAAHA
feliz a mi
night, I don't think he likes to be recorded
I spent more than half of my day cleaning my room
watched 4 seasons of it this month
Bahaha smart bro!!!
I gotta start working out again
You see really indecisive on stuff and I decide who should win so I ended up adding one more winner
This was such an experience
Blh lh try ke meow2 lps ni
just give me dibs on Thursdays and Sundays,
bitches suck a nigga dick and think they nigga now
It's gotten to that point
lol Apparently are old arse ceo is finally interacting w/ the community, he indeed has a ton of catching up to do
Creo que le falta algo, no me sale que tengas WhatsApp
Thank youuuu im good, can't sleep at the moment and you, how was NY?
Batchoy w/ rice + inun'on + cassava cake = bola
I'm positive I'm not the only one that read this in voice
Melatonin Study 101 with
(I think you're referring to Methionine Didi.. )
I trynna win that challenge though why I would I want to be the reason someone lost their smile
All these concerts in Rajamangala in April.... It's going to be too freakin' hot maybe they're renting it out
Never in your wildest dreams masyado silang madami
thanks girl! her hair is so curly i know what to do with it sometimes if i leave it down she
I can hear the person that lives below us snore every night and let me tell ya, not v lady like
I actually catch second hand embarrassment when people copy popular tweets as if they came up with it themselves
I was on the Verizon app looking at the XR and added it to my cart. Well then I managed to checkout
selfie muna bago mag exam whaha goodluck sa atin mga tol
happy belated birthday
Yeah babe, I was missing my hair
Hehe hung late ka sa first subject tapos si Ma'am Macasieb yung Prof hehe
I haven't watched an NBA game yet and I have cable and all the games free
This is me but with Daredevil
You hit it right on the head
Yass girl been wanting one to!
Oh, I forgot about Dave PWG. OK, all is forgiven, those reviews are always gold.
.. k. Michelle - kiss my ass
The one w the butt plug and butterfly has me kind of disoriented what position youre in
Hiii ... nice one.. btw i thnk we might have bumped into each other
This thread something serious
Sobra! Charoot!
I've never been so mortified in my life
Ahhhhhh! That's terrifying! Every little sound is making me jump.
But I mean, I have been told I look like Linda Cardellini before, so I guess it's fitting...
Is that kid alright? Maybe we should pray over him/her?
Baby boy*
You must watch it om!
ADTR I had this in my bio for so long, and now I know why
Nothing really, I guess I'm misremebering a version of this suggestion I think I saw either you or Ciel suggest. My bad
Saw you in my dream last night! .Stop coming in my dreams. Now, I'm a grown up girl .
I have such a love/relationship with driving
And Now Time For Some Sideboob
Accepted VTO so my ass is staying home tomorrow I need restttt lmao
We need it! Not hordes of INVADERS. Something good please. No teasing allowed.
Busy busyhan muna
shon hates me and my hot flashes. SORRY THAT I LIKE TO BE COLD LILE MY HEART
Talo ang Rockets, Warriors & Thunder
I spend so much time searching for the perfect gift and card too many thoughts!!
First day of the new job today. I am anxious and excited
LOL you feel me but honestly no stress, no worries, just good old fun times tbh
I used to work in that ha ha ha
I in now
I just finished The Office... now I can get caught up in all my school work been putting off
So makadto mga head office peeps di haha how to adulting
Went on twitter and see all these tweets about Brother Nature like damn really crazy digging through tweets that were long time ago
me
Monday, have a few gaps
WHAAT THE ACTUAL FUUUCK still trying to process what I just saw
I listen to the cypher series
Wow I realize he had a whole ass name untill now
If I would have been alive when Johnny Cash was young, I would have been such a groupie
How you do that asking for a friend
Hey. Is there anyone here who still knows me?
me either tbh
My eyes were closed most of the time & it was still traumatizing
I love seeing this when I check my credit
i can do this too
Hey so sorry it's ald sold out
i thought luke had a mustache in your pfp
Meet a new friend.
Heating up my spinach while I got tummyached. I am pooing
I don't think cats are supposed to have chocolate, but my cat won't let me eat chocolate animal crackers alone
Haha yes
She is repeating the same stages and says aah this era be like that I imagine this etc.
I planning on going snorkeling on this trip, but now I am
Legal notice has been sent to Luit Kumar Barman Within 15 days time he must reply with reasonable
i honestly thought she done left behind. i know i would.
Go Home, You're Drunk Follow
.
.
.
.
Ignore tag
Ganda ng lippies ng sunnies face emeghed
Omg the best
lol Apparently our* old arse ceo is finally interacting w/ the community, he indeed has a ton of catching up to do
gets a pass YALL WILL NEVER FIND ANOTHER ONE LIKE HIM!!!!
IT'S POSSIBLE OK
my fav
What can I say, it feels so good being bad.
Ask boss to buy me Pixel3XL ... I will come running
a little too confident sometimes
this
Glad I made it through this weekend without getting married
Adult Kkura teach human anatomy to Puberty Wonyul
La dieta
.
.
.
.
en Mexico City, Mexico
Okay, dont annoyed me with playing jokes on my baby i cant handle that.. Im not mad, I just love my baby so
I spend ALL of my money on clothes but somehow I never have ANY clothes
My brother and I laughed hard when we heard you say that on tv. Did feel a little bad for Paula.
first timer & happy to receive my order today. didn't expect to see suho, should've tho
LIVE w/ Day 71 of
1.1B into attempting to make our TRI Cresent
Photobomb better than your selfie
serious
Seokmin is the one with the Mic where did Hansol get that???? And what is Seokmin holding atm? Mr. Mr.
Pero shet ang messy
No ones crying tho
Why tf am I so damn old now. my senior pictures popped up on my Timehop and I got really sad. 5 years?!
Tinweet tas after 20 secs of tweeting it *deletes mali bawal bawal hahahaha
Oh wow exposing everyone...not even was safe
Busty Girls With Curvy Goods
Pero shet ang messy mendiola
my pleasure nona
Try 100+ I got videos somewhere
oh wait.... i get it now.
Sometimes I forget who the fuck I am
I can get you a good price on some solar.
Amboi. I assume you guys have been talking about it. Dah cukup la kot for now.
De uma noite muito louca
I think he said not because his mouth is open.. Hahaha.. but thanks for replying me
Just bought a laptop cheaper than my phone sebab dah tak run software2 berat lagi (hopefully)
The past two months have literally been so weird. I really understand going on with my life.
The whole year you was saving for a car then boom life wins again
all imma say on that
rofl breakup is the first symptom of feminism
Oh,im sorry
"Dat way", was looking for migos but was unsuccessful
Haha, yes, he would be! It's basically catnip for him!
I knowww. But i never upload my full face pun. then mcm mana dia boleh tahu yg tu i? yg you kirim salam?
I think becoming more like Chris in my old age
What is that even suppose to be
Oo qualitative mmg sush sikit kn sbb dia xde specific method mcm quantitative
Dodgers going to the world series!!! Awsome right... Oh wait... I meant... 'THE LA
Dodgers going to the world series!!! Awsome right... Oh wait... I meant... 'THE LA
Grizzly snores so loud
Please, I'm not THAT dumb I think you've mistaken me for an helpful tips giver channel...
So The Haunting Hills House show on Netflix is fucking amazing
Why do I be cutting my own hair
sini
Crazy cause I was just listening to this whole album and thinking of great it is
Hayy life give me a break. Or please motivate me more
I don't want to be disqualified this time choose No. 1
i do need a new one
I *have* seen this before, but damned if I remember where or when prob some film festival in Chicago a long
When you say "Wack" does that mean it's good or bad help me out here.
Same story here... But wait meri to shaadi hi nahi huyi hai..
I deserve a drink after the stress this paper put me through
I just woke up 30 minutes ago and I'm already thinking about when I can go back to bed
I thought you were talking about Ford until I looked at what your linked
You never watched GOT the Stage for Moon U?
Ok! all for now I just really had a great time, I love this event. an amazing opportunity to meet
finally going to be 20 lol I feel like been 12 my whole life
Pls help cause idk which soup I want to make today
Did you ring the reception and ask to move rooms already...
So uhhh please tell me new revivals are coming soon?
* when you wanna rt something but all your followers will be on your head if you do it
Yeah walking cold
lol that high key hurt my feelings
Think it was something in my eye frfr
Be careful what you wish for !
Anytime up past 9pm my head starts throbbing. I am washed and need my bed asap
Went through a box of tissues watching Southpaw and not even over yet
Sir ji please go and watch this time Otherwise Allah ke pyaare ho jayage
not hard to find...
okay my mood swings are acting up again and I accidentally bitchy attit. my dormmate without her knowing it?
Me neither I'm sorry
Wait! What?! What is this? Why?
My man GD is been nominated to awards while on military...the impact! Kings only!
It was so funny he kept saying that even while we removed the water
craving cookie dough ice cream
Ohhh I'm home, I'm home
it say anything about size of posters
I think about changing my major at least 5 times a hour. College sucks ladies and gents. Or maybe just pre med sucks... new major ?
They put nitro circus on Netflix
I saw this more as a puzzle to fit 18 of your around 25 favorites strategically into one pic
Glad I stayed in this weekend
You're just racking up the coolest block list. Has Big Devon done it yet?
And with this sketch I return to the right theme of the day
Oh I will love that, I just be put to experience that
The whole year you was saving for a car then boom zimbabwe wins again
TY
Avec son fameux club de strip tease et tout
Thought wanted the cues
rough
Finally able to finish something after a busy week , just one of those experiments to try new styles
Anne Haase something about her (26 Photos)
Nervous about tomorrow.
Lelaki jarang nak turn off , at the same time tetap cool even that girl very complicated .
y est on est !! Et on a faim !!
Do they even have anything stylish?
Wow I like my working adult brother
... both Oga Victor! .. .. Good morning..
please let my old tweets resurface. i was a cyber bully in 2012
Lol
tired of seeing these notes app apologies, get creative people
It's so hard working
Rayos
Uhmm sorry I know what I was talking about...we are family
For those who really know my real account, sorry but you're exempted
I just cut my hair
Lol it might be too late for you, so I probably hyu tomorrow
Welp Im glad my test is late tomorrow
What am I an idiot for?
Reminds me if that one episode of Adventure Time where Finn wears Jake as a suit
Nice one boy
If this was a rally for a democrat, these same people would be screaming at them to get a job
these little boys are something else
could i trust her?.
Goooood morning ShadowFam
This week I'll do this: pic a song of your playlist and connect it with the day
Mum cooked my fave (chicken roast for dinner last night to help kick off my lmao love my fam
//I have the same, I can hardly sleep when I have conpanz...it's a Queen size bed as well
White girls can pull off a simple fucking ponytail, and that pisses me off cause I
2 nights in a row people from Thailand are so inclusive.
Get lost in the pillow talk series (30 Photos)
On this Tarantino set...sorry, no pix aloud. & ya boi ain't tryna get fired
And they are pulling it off, alpha couple
I took this picture of Myrtle and it literally makes her look like in space..
El mejor de todos
Whenever I see and instantly I will shout hate
I have so much anger been building and building
Thank you!! And is this a normal feeling
Hope you joined
Well that take long to get an answer
Think I found my girl crush
so proud of him.
I call this Can you think of a better name?
you can't wait, can
Thank you for the reminder! I have to remember to do this!
So much filth on my TL
Nightmares
there He just said his name so fast that you can barely hear it
So true. I don't even know what else to say after "hi"
How many times im gonna see this vid on my tl lol
So nobody really loyal or are all the men surrounded by (EXCEPT MY BROTHER) are trash? Hahah.
I used to want to be a Stewardess, now I fly more than any crew does in sg for 2 days,
Well thanks
A match made in heaven
was so good, but damn, the woods by my apartment look hella sketchy tonight
Doraemon Kampret
scratch papers
Yes it also hurt that bliss won the title back here
Gracias crack
This how i wanted my grill
Sorry!
yup tell Maddy are wearing blush
Current mood
Same here. Mom n grandma already bought clothes to wear on the day when the event is like .. 6-7 months away?
I still love him, just not while at Man United
Look if the Chiefs make the Super Bowl drunk of Hennessy and I hate brown liquor
Is this bulaklak?? Auckland Botanic Gardens
Thanks god natapos din ang defense sa research
I'm not, I don't even use Snapchat tbh
in this I I I debate in my head BUT... I might just do...
but should be the 80s kids. Not 90s
nahh, I use it all the time
My motto in life:
Having to learn and teach primary math a completely different way than I was taught is a lot more difficult than I though
I don't know. I haven't spoken to her in years. I'm just like, "Why would joking about soap opera-relationships garner hostility?"
Probably so would other guests...
42 new people followed me since yesterday. They are in for a disappointment
Godfather OG whew
i remember so many people
oofy i forgot that was a thing
Just like that..
Ate side effect ng puyat at breastfeed
No but that loose white thread near your left armpit is making my eye twitch
FamilyStrokes - My Step-sister is such a horny Slut
Now I hear is playing football, Congratulations
Always repeating myself
Ohhhhh jezzzusssss Im not ready (the one checking every so often for an update)
and heres a baby
Thank u biya for these words. Such a beautiful morning. and ameeen. Love u stay the same.
not gonna lie, when you went in on my lil edit I had to remind myself it wasnt anything personal. I asked for ops.
This is why I argue with people. I just shut my mouth & walk away
Lovely. my new mom bod is something to get used to. So far, not digging it
And now live like 45 mins from Aldi so have to go to Publix or Walmart and spend an arm and a leg now
dr kamarul suruh post report je kalau nak check hahahaha i thought he just kidding. but actually he is serious siap bagi alamat lagi
Ne de lah hahaha ni tlg one of the staff kat office I ni nak try ke hahah
The funny thing is that a lot of you know about it, but at the same time you don't
abang gw kenapa
If you think all China products are fake, try their poison.
Me: wow we spend so much time together its ridiculous
Tessa: we see each other on tuesdays tho.
It takes a special someone to do that for a living lmao they was some freaks
Oh ok Sorry for the confusion
Ah, same for me. Twitter is really weird
ik i'm early but i'll be studying
So funny
Hurm
Injured ape je knee tu?
Da xtray?
Ke kene mri?
Emm... Seram pulak kene mcm ni.
Get well soon.
May all is well.
be saying some crazy things, never walked around tho
Ed Sheeran - Perfect
(Full version)
.
I study hard this song Dedicated to her anna_feyra
a good answer !
DirectX 5!? Golly. a way back...
Thanks! Glad you enjoyed it.
i knowwww baby,, they just have anything better to say!!! i better see you soon!!
*Please ARMYs don't collapse the website again.
*Por favor ARMYs no colapsen la web.
Love you fam.
I think the reason I got Twitter was to follow my teenage heart throb Since
Ahhh haha. No no. Its from the show
Sadly they aren't meme'in
Twitter owes me so much damn money . Run me my mula !!!Please&thank you
I meant to say we need to hang out more often ...cause we are losers lol if that makes a difference?..lol
Literally sitting on the phone rn listening to my girls movie cause home girl fell asleep on me
This single shit ass man
How I spend my past time... organizing and ig feed yet I barely post anymore cause so indecisive
Same, I thought I was the only one
Nerd.... All the cool kids are playing pokemon
I even know what going to be for Halloween
Nakita ko na si Mengggg..
what course of action you compelled me to commit
Ribet amat yaelah
Best weekend had in a longggg time
Oh how things change
naturalistas how can I get my curl pattern back? All these blowouts made my curls non-existent
Yung tweet ni Ria, about Arjo and Maine no?
i legit only use this emoji as a cry for help
Last week I took a major L the whole week but I hope and pray this week treats me good
started yet this month
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KINSEY!!!
Great time celebrating, screaming and yeah, sweating with you and
The last lol
why this girl got to bring some old feelings back up man
"Adjudicatory Process" Classic manipulative avoidance Use big words
Just Vote
Ah el 25 no? Uhmm me dio intriga ahora
That last hashtag though
I can be this way with certain people.
Riamonos para no llorar
Soon
Actually my cholesterol levels are normal. Just by exercising.
Undoubtedly Ufff aur kya tareef karoon my heartbeats fasten when I see breathtaking
is such a sweet girl.
The $10 jars might be 2 for $16 I gotta consult with my manager lmao
"logical"
There's nothing logical about the world we're living in. Let's stop trying to
jk it that bad tbh but enjoy it
My playful baby
I hope I won't regret this.
This app have too many dumbasses active tonight I
it caught me by surprise. I just wanted to pet them all just cause
siya with the long hair shshshsh
Trying to move forward
Never let another Mf see you sweat
they are much stronger and much capable than me but I still want to protect them
It's fr seeing all my friends, including myself, turn 21. Remember when we were 16 tryna find ways to buy alcohol?
The bad times comes before the good right ?
That is feel like the best sleep gotten in your entire life too
This is johnny. Whenever he needs to be pet, he need it desperately. Even when I'm driving.
been watching scary movies all day locked up in my room while trying to do hw I just now finished hw
SI LLEGASE A PASAR CORRIENDO POR TODA LA CASA Y GRITANDO *VIVA EL VKOOK!
Still can't get over Posty cutting his hair
How actually to keep your hand comfortable during spooning?
The excuse of Stomachache always work when you don't want to go somewhere
Saw a lot of ppl this weekend
36 i should really stop wearing pink , anything with ponys and carebears outfits
Took me 5 months to make love to my man again.
First time found beautiful box & bag just for cheese tart
the smell so temptingwhen
That was the best decision ever made
Nice nice. Mababait mga boss namin hehe
the only type of screaming trynna do this spooky szn is the screaming i do in the bed
at the point where I want to be in committed relationship but I feel like once I get close, gonna be scared.
Yesterday I third wheeled and let me tell I never felt so lonely in my entire life
remember how we all said Kanye 2020
Back from the ren fair!
It was a great weekend but I'm so tired now
Now I need to catch up on CR and La by night^^
Da brauch jemand Kaffee.
I genuinely don't think it was more than simple a design choice
This is why my anxiety is at an all time high
Hehez
The burying face part is a joke still
I do it the dumb way i might crack me a nigga then crack me a smile
Know the feeling
Yup scary smh
please add a edit option already tired of remaking tweets
Got to go home right now Better late than never!
Baca punya baca... Allahu... Fake hope sebentar
