Thank you not sure about stress free but I will try
YLYSM hun you are way to kind So glad and lucky that you are my friend
we u !! thanks for stayin in vegas!!!
Well not everyday you get to take a selfie with Ms elephant
Got this cute Data magnet
Sites and Scenes of Homecoming 2018 at Tuskegee University. TU... You Know
I LOVE WHEN PEOPLE CALL ME THAT . GOD BLESS U LOVE YOU TOO
a rosa e o beija flor
I really do love Isabella and Sofia the sweetest sleepers
Love you tin! Huuuugggg
miss you truly, I wait to fulfill my promise and enjoy that moment with you!!
Somoss
W Korea Official Website update with
Kai for W Korea Magazine November 2018 issue cover
Congrats momo the only my bestfriend. Wish you happy married till the rest of your life. Lebiu bie
I love it
Thank you and missing you too
Eurythmics
My Cute tee with my lovely .....
Looks like you had a pretty rough day. I'm sorry. I wish I could make things better.
looking cute at music video i stan
No argument there love
Thanks for the recommendation.
I love and this picture
You're Amazing
Hehe
I still have post-concert LSS! Still can't believe it's been more than a decade since they started
Jimin's hair tho
Mah purple hearteu
SOY PASIVO
BUSCO ACTIVO
EN PERU, LIMA , SAN JUAN DE LURIGANCHO
my beautiful wife just knocked out the same time as my son. I legit love this whole vibe. it be beautiful. it be hard.
The wonderful world of winged eyeliner
Where there is a love, there is a life Thank you for this little surprise babe so much appreciated Iloveyou
Mel really deserves the world. Like fr fr
I LOVE YOU
Live
Love
Tea Sis
10.21
.
.
So excited to meet little bundle of joy super excited for u sis love u forever
Lol I love girls.
Those conversations you skip sleep for.
Your name above all names
You know I'd even haul my ass to the moon for you if that's what you needed. Love you
Mornings be like...
Ay afternoon na pala. Hahahahaaha. 10 hours of sleep is
The details and shading are really good. You give him such cute features and deadly eyes. haha
4 ways of Boosting your Veggie Intake 4 Optimal Health Increasing Volume + Fibre + Micro & Phyto Nutrients +
Oh wow love it
Sempre
selfies!! (
Jaan Hope U Fine Now! Really Miss U On Twitter Take Care
especially in TN!
Mi amor TE AMO
missing you love !
Yuri, Yena, Chaewon
Will you dm me??? follow you again love to have a talk over dm if okay
Now, time to do what you desire. Wish me luck and
for a tbh
Happy birthday ma , i love u
i love you. will always be proud of you.
For the House Music Lovers
Love House Music Vol. 2
Exclusive Sounds
Movie nights and tickle fights.
Penelope first pumpkin patch my little red riding hood
Las fotos asi son hermosas
SEDAPNYA ABANG NI MUKA MANLY SANGAT NAK TADAH LUBANG RASENYA AUMMM JOM RT UNTUK ABAM NI
happiest birthdayy!!!! ate leila labyuuu pwede naka ma priso ay sig kiat2 ha mwa xoxo
Memories
And Chairwoman !!!
41 & I just bought it too, I have kids either!
Brother
Last night was so amazing with my
Aslaam.o.Alaikum
Pls RT and then follow all handles who like and retweet this
Happy mf birthday to my older brother love you
Love my people
New Life Church
Narbhi
Annika's suit is pure love
Honestly the best feeling my baby aint since day 1
Amazing
LOVE this!!!! It looks awesome!!! I haven't seen a skull look like this. And I love the blue.
Please and rt, thank you!!
Happy 12th birthday Katie
Waiting na beh thankyou so much
God was with me today
Nw: What's wrong with Secretary Kim?
Only 21 ...
So Proud .
Right?
Ahhhhhhh
Esse anime e mto boooom
Eat that fucking man ass!
Let's twitter party for Studio7!
You're welcome, Kumar! Your little one is so adorable. Keep us posted with additional thoughts about Google Photos.
jesusourfriend
Rich in Love
Night dad
The little things in life, are the best things in life
MashAllah I'm really shocked when due to. Positive rule by media anchor persons keep calm and support Pakistan
I believe in you really proud that doing well in school xx
Happy birthday morire
LALALALOVE
courage a mon gros
Life is better when together
enjoy now doing what I do playing golf, relaxing a little, enjoying life Do your best, one shot at a
Cant thank him enough
is awesome, and also a Grammy nom, and also my voice student and also my friend wishing him
Morning
Stop I love you beautiful queen
180904 at ICN
This is first time i'm going to Japan as IZ*One member We'll meet Aki .P and japanese member
Ay shala thankyouu
Finch, for real, whenever I see a guinea pig I think ~~potato baby~~
No joke!!!
you two are so awesome
His son is SO proud
What Sunday mornings after a crazy Saturday night look like except not this beautiful!
Sunday love u too
CUTIES.
Lo juro!
CUTIES.
Living my best life
"... I guess normalcy isn't really our style."
Woww so Beautiful& yummy
Good Morning Sunshine .. Have a sweet Day Ahead
PHILIPPINES
Omg could it be Zafina please
That is unbelievable!!
I want to be that cool when (God willing) I get to be her age!
|| Jhakaas Beauty ||
Turn my notifications
FOLLOW everyone who RETWEETS + this
Canto bogchi joint
Thing is: I love this silly husband of mine.
Hobby Lobby
Lol!!!! This is cute
Love you
Good morning and happy Sunday fam
No one is gonna care or love you until something happens to you or your dead and gone
Extended celebration of Battle To The Top season 4 grand winner Renzmorriz Ramos Ganyan ka namin ka love.
we need an Austin shoutout...we u
Wish I would have been plus 1 at the parties tonight, love you!
Thx mown
ily Lizzy and hopefully one day
A whole lot
Cutiee
My school is literally perfect
This is how he makes lambing: he ridicules his mom! But I love him still.
you are human too..have a lot of rest love dont stress yourself
LeBron still a pussy. Night guys
Appreciate you brother.
Life right now has never been so peaceful. I love my man and my family and just happy.
demais nu
Smoking one for you tonight Andres
Happy Birthday Girl sorry for being late Stay blessed you beauty
I m so glad that u met him. Such a wonderful guy he is. Complete package
Thank youuuu!!
Ang cute
Tricycle new design from Moscou
7000+ Project Management and business Templates plans Forms and guides for
We Our Band Parents!! Thank you for the great Welcome Home from The BandMasters Championships for your 2018
Visiting my friend in St Louis from RVA and having a great time! Thanks! I
Happy Birthday babeuh. I love and miss you so so much.
My baby
goodnight i love oomf a lot n hope i can get a billie video
me dio fav
Their were on fire the performances were amazing. They are so professional and talented
4 the
*The Dawning* LG309
this
This friendship They both are always so supportive of each other
I came mudding, and left rescuing a black Great Dane little girl
iKON
The Greyhounds thank you! What a good you have.
Customer visit'2018 week... One of the best time in UNHCR
Yaaaay!
Happy bday to my daughter Shalom
My beautiful princess, you are the sweetest gift ever received.
I wish my
I didn't know u guys know each other
Objectif
Teeamo brotherly
Lay it all down to Jesus, all you have to say my heart, Lord and my life, Lord...Let Him speak what is true.
Shoutout to Nanny for making my bed
Syempre
It was so good! glad you liked it too! Everyone seems to like it
puedo pedir?
Welcome to the Christian World Baby Zoey Allison! Love Lovr Ninang!
badethdeguzman
Scary times, mama. Sending universal & out to you and to us all. Xoxo
This is beauty
(Prettiest girl i hVe ever seen on twitter)
Neriah took her first paddle brave parents - happy child
so glad youre in my life text are the best.
thank you so much for tonight
happy birthday, ate
Love you can't wait for you next video
Nothing like your home town.
Thankyou for fans and press who coming at airport and taking pictures of us
Photo by
Where does the time go?? Senior Year NMHS
Oh yes love
Retreat with my sisters
reiterating this because wow, so blessed
watch until the end my mf baby
Aww thanks gorgeous the best !! I love you more and wait to celebrate with you gonna be the best weekend
always ur statement
but the other side...i feel bad to myself coz i
He looks so handsome, and his girlfriend is beautiful!
WONTAK WILL ON V LIVE STARTING AT 6:30 AND AT 7:45 WE GET TO SEE HIS BUSKING!!!
Catching up w/ this gals
Today is my birthday! Wish me luck! Hahaha love
I I ve what I do
Devise the crown of these gorgeous melanin
Curl Kinks & Culture Fest (Taliah Waajid)
At
It's been a week since you said that thing
Officially my new favorite photo of my little Lulu i just adore the way shes smiling up at me
Have a Blessed Sunday
Ham all the best champion
iKON
Super let down only the 30th on this in 6 days! I seen anyone even come close to referencing
egzoited! for the love of books
Miss Home for the Peculiar Children jud akong unahon then Percy
cassandra in saree images,gallery,photos set
The post Regina cassandra in
Mimo da
Mah Jisoo the CF gurl
Happy birthday Christina
Literally having one person validate your feelings can turn your whole day around
Perfect day! Count all your blessings
Obg amor
hehe miss u
Nice... And the ponmo will also get thicker
I can spend months without seeing my friends but when we link up still the same love, nothing ever changes
still waiting on the day when I log in and scream my lungs out seeing you on my followers list please follow me, i love you
Love scenario
iKON 20/10/2018
I declare you, Queen of the Selfie
UPDATE: It's still early and I still love seeing this but, we moved up a spot
START "MY DAY "She's very cute. Her voice is very melodious with
Watch this uglies if you want some clear skin
popezaap clip5
THEY SHOWED PEOPLE IN
CARAVAN GETTING PAID. WE
KNOW DEMS ARE DOING
THIS AGAIN. THEY WANT
But why, it'll like ur usual clips. Leftovers
I have my hair a good trim & my curls feel replenished already
thank you for letting me interview ya!! youre so admirable!!
Cant wait to see my mama on thanksgiving
i love you baby
Saturday vibes Koming late 2018/early 2019 MzChief Beatshop produced by DopeAzzMuzik
A happy Sunday morning *kuwait
Happy birthday mayne my angel life was a gift to us all.
please do support all groups see u there!
Thank you
This song gives me wings
AMAZING!! IT!
I pray that whoever reads this god heals whatever is hurting you.
Happy Birthday love
He's definitely worth it
Venom smooches are the best
Bruh. I saw my dad out tonight. You bet your ass I said
This smile is precious And trust me we can do anything for this one,
Anything.
Keep smiling love.
Don`t ! ! !
Wow, Amazing! iloveu is broadcasting on ,come to join!
Hope everyone seeing the boys today has an amazing time
How did I become so blessed to call you mine?
People should enjoy sexual life without reservation.
Let's follow
.
.
.
.
Wow, Amazing! iloveu is broadcasting on ,come to join!
Awww
we carved some cute ass pumpkins tonight. lol even Brooke and meadow joined
Proud of youuu! Galinggg
I need to get up but feel bad for disturbing her. Maybe we could have 10 more minutes
Boa Min, boa
Ladies and Gentlemen, take time to appreciate the BEAUTY of "Kid Kardashian" Kutis porselana kahit walang
Will work on it now for you
sebaek
thank you so much dami!!!
Trio desse rs
Wow, Amazing! iloveu is broadcasting on ,come to join!
Did it twice but so much more cuter afterwards lmfao
escape the gay
180905 we're alrdy coming back to Korea. Here some photos when we arrived at ICN airport
Oh no, I hope you feel better soon!! And good luck on your exams Tiffany
Me too! And absolutely thrilled it came at home.
12th Annual Fund Raising for Association of USA International
muarlann Crowne Plaza Los Angeles
My man Happy birthday baby I love you so much!
I love you
Valentine
This year you're mine jstvii!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Tonight was amazing so glad I got to spend it with my best friend
thank you baby
por nuestra amistad
Well? This is Fandom goals.
Lollipops, slime, bubbles, stickers
Butterflies Been such a long while since i felt / allowed myself to feel these feelings
Happy Birthday to my brother who means the world to me . I love you
Us love much love and support !
I Seoul U
BTS' Life in Seoul
i love you
lmaaooo man I miss this boy to much I just go re read our messages
ASDFGHKLAUWBXHDBDHD!!!!!!!!!!! THAT AKO NA TALAGA ANG GANAP NA JUANITO
Thanks Liz... wow so nice to hear ily and always same with you
I liked a video Surah Al Mulk - Muhammed Al Muqit | Amazing Voice
Shout out to any non-govt Russian peeps reading here-
My babies and baby brothers
I love u
sending you all the love in the world
Supreme Master
May I never commit the mistakes I shun today and earlier.
Give me
I freaking love seeing these beautiful elephants daily.
Aw thank you
Thanks brother
Quien lo
I Seoul U
With Seoul by BTS
Download Available
Someone gave me a bucket of flower at ICN airport that day. Thankyou so much
Amazing Day for the new Mr. and Mrs. Hubbard
Amen, sister-resister!
happy birthday, asawa ko!! i hope u appreciate my little surprise for you
So proud to be part of this team
literally crying an angel
Love scenario iKON 20/10/2018
Find the sweetness
in your own HEART . Then you may find the sweetness in every HEART. "
Thank you so much. lovely to be reminded. Pays to remember important
ugh what a sweetheart
Free falling. No more defiance, just allowing life to take its course.
Princess
houston tx 4ever
If SEX is YOUR business,
it's NONE of MY business!
Scrolling through family photos and I saw a picture of me and lolo Miss you gramps your isko will be home soon
Offscreen pics
PC -
ama mais The less i know the better do que eu,
still waiting on the day when I log in and scream my lungs out seeing you on my followers list please follow me, i love you
A trip with Classic Academy's Students traveling to Kot Diji
So blessed to be oart of your Annual strategic youth plan Thanks for having us, the Altar Servers.
Hello everyone. Sorry signal is really bad in many places. Hope my Sons and my niece get this. I love you guys
KINGS!
my lane is adorable
My birthday was Oct 20 of 1944! So happy to share a birthday with you
been following you for sometime and this tweet has to be one of most genuine tweets tweeted. It will radiate
I truly have the best friends ever.
Nothing can come between you and I
goodnight i hope you feel better
Goooooi mahal naming jthree
twitter party na!
Mis hermanos son toda mi felicidad
Hey Friends! Please drop an emoji if you would be willing to post once on your wall for me to be entered into my giveaway! TIA
EMINEM, SUPER JUNIOR Y
soooooo ethereal
Adv Happy birthday prabhas
Wow my twin is beautiful
Love you my wise man
thank u jm!!
My spooky szn basket takes the cake!! Love you baby thank you
WAAAAAAH
Jopay //
Shan AS teach me English broiii
Thanks Mumth! See you again soon!
LOVE YOU JAMES!
If bans you AGAIN it will be the last
thank you so much for taking your 1% chance. it changed our lives
This lady knows how to slay ehn
You're where I wanna go
And even right now, I still be happier that happy and doing good I love you and miss you so much
I miss you so much i love youuu
I am so proud of you. Thank you for inspiring me every day.
Thank you so much
Thank you
Thanks
If theres any other questions ill be happy to answer them!
happy birthday hle my size...hope you all good. God bless you
Much love Les...
woke up to two of my best friends cuddled on my pullout this morning, made my hangover 100% worth it
thank u 2 the guy who acted like my boyf while a creepy dad was hittin on me
Thanks for everything you give me
Happy with U
missing you more and more
Good morning ..hope you are doing fine .
Stay blessed
bss do live awhile ago and they played "simple" and "don't listen in secret" in the car
Sleep well darling I love you!
Trevor, my dude, We love you and wish you the best. Stay safe.
Support Jthree woooooooooo
twitter party na!
My whole heart
it's amazing!
Love taking these monthly pics of her 3 months
Thanks!
Just gotta love Bullet For My Valentine. The lyrics literally hit the soul and heart like a train love it.
The world needs more people like you.
Girl you don't need that negativity and idiocy you just need positivity and people who care and love you fuck the haters!
Bang Me tonight
dirty pussy first fuck funny porn one piece hentai vagina
Here!!!
Vhope o Vope mis y tus patrones
Love it when my slaves buy me weed keep it coming fags
Back with another single "WALKING DOWN" with T-REX.....
Show us your love
Link in Bio
iamtrex19
.
.
.
i had so much fun w my sister, her boyfriend and his cousin
Oh my babies this complicity!
Goodluck
what an amazing show tonight You are a beautiful soul You made my night and I think
Coco the Disney movie on Netflix
Thank you Lord!
*hugs back then smooches your cheeks*
& for more Videos!
Ehehehe, so cute!
Please reply to me too :(
Love you
Thank you sir, your kind words have put a smile on my face tonight.
Uri and Cherry
Forever crying over this
you're the most adorable, I hope you know that (Also your face is perfect, I hope you know that too)
Your the man Patrick
Success is a Great Deodorant
.
.
a couple where I mind third wheeling with I love you guys
Te adoro baby
My beautiful queen
thank u mamas I hope doing good too hunny
What Adam said. Something every one of my cast mates instantly had in common --- HOCUS POCUS has been a
On behalf of US all
I love a relaxing weekend
My heart is full
So adorable.
I love this sweet girl so much
Love yourself more... is the BEST
be a Pet for you & I come with my own health insurance
This is such a lovely story
THANK YOU I really think Monday Blues is one of the best songs in the album?? The lyrics are
What it feels like a life time. Im so so grateful I met you today! Thanks for being the legend you are!
Odessa Adlon
MAGPAPABANGS NA TALAGA KO CHARUT HAHAHAHAHBRUBDURBRH
My bestfriend so sweet I even have to ask her to bring me food she just seen me say I wanted a cheese burger and brought me one
I Seoul U
With Seoul by BTS
Download Available
Love this
happy birthday,
the more i spend time w abel the more i realize how in love i am
complements -
Lady 1: ur bag, wheredya get
Lady 2:
1:
Before the night over where I stay at, I wanna say happy c day uncle snoop
hope everything is ok :(
M A I N
I don't really pray that much for myself, pero praying for u!!!!! Things I do for love hahahaha
my one and only
I love and miss you so much
Well done to you both, very well deserved
MYF Sunday at Canterbury Church, Fiji Parish
And just like that,
Ako na lang ang single sa barkada.
Lord, accept na accept ko gid if MD license before lovelife.
Love
spending everytime and everyday with that fvcking game
Good night I love you feel better
"Lord, let your mercy be on us, as we place our trust in you."
Thank you so much love
Thank you, sisses!
Take the time for the things you love by SKINNOIRIRON
My gramps Thanks Washington Post for making such a great post about a great man. Every single word is true.
Happy birthday love seeing you grow!!! I hope you have a good one see you at church! Love you
Sorry lungs. I've been a bllsht these days. I will take care of you from now on
Totally captivated the human hearts around here!
happy birthday beautiful have a beautiful birthday
tonight was the best- thank you You by far exceeded your other expectations Our family night was
Already done
Hoy nagimprove mnl48
, thank you so much, merci
Taybae be the real slayer.
A little tongue never hurt anyone (41 Photos)
Of course
for a tbh
I this thread.
I love Na Jaemin with all my heart
Dia tngkap gmbar dgn bouquet cekelat ktorg bg CANTIKNYA KAWAN AKUUU HUHUHU
The little things in life are the best things
Have a great Sunday beautiful ppl !!
God bless you all
Keep smiling
I I ve what I do
Devise the crown of these gorgeous melanin
Curl Kinks & Culture Fest (Taliah Waajid)
At
I can never get bored listening to this soulful song sung by Celine Dion.
[2018.10.21] Kim Hyun Joong "Waitfor me" Fansign Event at Tower Records Shizuoka
cr TOMOKO via
Boa noite
Disney
Less than 24 hours to pick the winner, good luck everyone
FUCK. I SAID NO. I DID IT BUT THAT WAS STRESSFUL.
But I also feel really happy right now and proud if myself. Little steps matter
This is our BoxingLife we are the Beautiful Brawlers
Hi What have you felt during this scene?
Good luck!!!!
OH MY GOD THESE ARE SO ADORABLE
Good morning
- feel like I seen you in forever. I really miss you
Omo their cuteness is so adorable
Thank you, Anya the best.
thank you!
Awwww I feel the same too my love
hi ate angel!! iloveyou so much
hellooo bby girl!! i love you more & i love you most
Thanks so
Hart is playing with the most heart and Lonzo is going to be great, only missing confidence
an angel lmao ily
I libraries! Litcrawl! These amazing writers!
True ACTORS in every aspect... No emotions is there which he /she can't portray as PERFECT!!!
Some things never change
STOPKSJKDJSK YOURE TOO NICE :(( and i also wish we can talk more too !! btw, your selca days- BEAUTIFUL
i miz u ol
Thank you so much, Connie! We are excited to share with you all.
Hello all, just trying to get out there. this tweet if you want to roleplay.
wow this is like 2 yrs old but thank u so much boo! and i love u as well .. wait to see u soon
bro este man se la rifo es un capo se merece tu follow
Nominating for best Fan Pic EVER! Love love love! Thanks for the times that given
Been way too long but we never skip a beat.
Am I the only person that loves to make fun of their bf? I be roasting him & then tell him I love him after
all good my mom is everything to me!! why she will be taken care of
Happy birthday mom thanks for always being there for me through thick and thin and showing me how someone can
Goosebumps guaranteed !!
THALA
Thanks for being a good friend love you
Yayy sunday..
Nothin gonna stop me from seeing her in december
is now online
De las mejores
Because strong as hell and a warrior!
living the perfect weekend with love
Yessss
how great Your love is for me
-- If they treat you like an option, leave them like a choice. You deserve to be appreciated
Good Morning Fellas
having a hard time finding someone to roleplay with? any kink welcome for my sexting sessions dm me for info
with some of my favorite people
294 of 365 david@lovethedoers.org
Fallon and Culhane
And you're left in the dust unless I stuck by ya a I think your love would be too much.
fam
Las cosas bellas de la vida, me recuerdan a ti...
I love spending my Saturday nights with my baby cousin.
Killing Me iKON 20/10/2018
!!
Thanks jeh hope your day was good. Hopefully I see you soon. Love and miss you & the fam
Self is hard for me but I know I have to try. She always said that she would know if
Gomez Ruiz
I gotta keep going till the next weekend Gomasung. Kinshanaku. Stop hurting my heart
Your wish is my command
A camisa 10 prevalece
Happy Hens to the one of the Greats of the Game
Hi What have you felt inside yourself during this scene?
pretty ___
my in human forms
Ohana
This is actually a saucy ass pic
OMG. I you. Now crying and my dad is laughing at me
Put the L in L.A lmfaooo good job boyssss
This
Morning
Don't forget to support king
tq crushie ayieee
Heeechullll!!! My mochul heart
s/o to my real friends, yall know who you are
Happy Sunday
Turning 1 style in this Rich Fruit cake ordered by Jenilizer Mwakina !
Thanks
hoop me bby
Thank you! It was very sweet. I doubt be able to get a refund, but okay.
"React for ******. React for momoland."
"Type 'MOMOLAND' with your eyes closed if you're a
Saturday
LiveMe-Live broadcasting community
!
Futur Crack
This scene
AAAAAAAHHHHH omg! i stan huhu thank you so muchhh cysstt
iKON
hi thank you for the giveaway!!
I really like walk you home, dear dream, and regular
My Guy. What would I do without his loyalty & love?
Best character in the best animated series ever
Have a safe race. Enjoy riding with your daughter
Wonderful Sabbath izolo. Lord we thank you for the new week. Open our spiritual eyes and ears that we may be
Nunca
read, watched or listened to the news in four day - and I believe in love and hope for the world all over again.
beep beep!
to
Hey dude,
Happy 18th Monthversarry ddemeshkuh
thankyou pat!!
Feliz
STSOSPSPSPSPSOSOSPSPS uknowhow i really feel baby
Jet Black & Jealous by
been almost a month since I first saw you I have so much stunning footage from the concert that I
brendon claimed that we are the "loudest crowd" so far. welp, beebo, you deserve it.
Wow naman hoe. Wait ka lang baby Juno. Ninang will give you girly clothes
181002 we're safelly arrived at Narita Airport
Thank you for welcoming us
Photos by inchokidou
happy birthday gurl!! enjoy your special day!
fallin in love now
Thanks for everything you give me
Happy with U
well this aged great!
Primer Fav
Primer RT
Follow/
[1- Ganador Por Persona
Fortnite a el MD
[5-[#FAV] Para Mas
Sierra Burgess is too cute.. and reminding me so much of a friend.. oh how i miss the old times
hello ang cutie mo po :---(( girl crush kita hhhuhuhuhu Hala thank youuu :((
Happy pill kuuu
Big to team Romania - so glad you could come!
Opening Ceremony has big impact
Fin
Adorable Tisha
Today is two years of the launch of Joanne
Just discover alivia d'andrea's twitter and her posts freaking inspiring i love it
have a great day Aishu
Love youuuuuuu
Aamir Khan Popularity in China
Positive vibes only
Positive vibes only
Positive vibes only
Positive vibes only
Positive vibes only
Vizag Rebels ~
i love you sm shannon
Kulturang Pinoy Quiz Wiz by Brown Movement
THANKYOU TRIXIEE!!
hello to you too, dearie! yes; please take all the snacks that you want!
my favorite
Stuntman Michael Papajohn recalls filming of I would LOVE to have a
Fighteeeeeeeers, let's add with every post. Thank y'all
Got it thank youuuu
because of his parents. Sobrang cute ng family nila grabe
Pablo Neruda is my fave haha hello stalking u
Sitting here reminiscing on times with Landon loving every minute of it
Yes Ralf exactly
for a tbh
Shooting spot
Overload
Shower then bed , Dm me for the nighttttt
I can't get over with this precious picture! He's the heaven for me. God bless you Idol.. Love you a tons
Happiness is a choice
The 20th
so sorry for your loss.
My favorite people
Keep it up Anthony we you!
Tysm
Thank you Christina If we could live happy and healthy lives without harming others, why wouldn't we?
no It's wrong .. She is doing her career Best performance in EACH and EVERY movie
& i just wanna hold you all night long, whenever your around me nothing wrong
iKON
My heart is full. Days like today remind me why.
My God!!!
twinning with a parrot
so brave, nakakatuwa at nakaka-inspire. glad that found someone like your gf. aw thank you
!!!!
Valentine
This year you're mine IvyKett!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Finally
Happy and Blessed Sunday too all lovelies Cos you just gotta have fabulous Faith
Thanks for the sign
thank u
Sadly, abuse is abuse. Always take it seriously loves.
El fiel conmigo
My people
love for you will never 14th December am at kyadondo live concert
AND WERE AMAZING TONIGHT AT THE HOLLYWOOD BOWL
talented kings
I think I'm gonna marry a Pisces
I love you so much
Yes it definitely was! A.C.E brought us together Hope to see you again one day!!
[HD] 181020 Busan One Asia Festival with
verymoment_ty
Love being confused on how i feel sometimes
I really understand how some people just move on he coming back to you girlie
Minha melhor duo
Good old days
really gon miss my next month
jfkfkfkdkckd please have more respect for my heart
Love you too mija
Last night was a horrible night w/ my anxiety. Dustin held me and read Bible verses to me. I swear I fall more in love with him everyday.
10.21
.
.
grabe an palpitations grabe ka man ma overwhelm!
Thank you
Morning Sunday Celebration yiieeeee
hey there! Thanks so much for the follow! Hope you're having a great Sunday, and remember: YOU are important.
buffalo thighs satisfied my cravings luvluv
I love that Aubrey falls asleep to almost home
Today is just as hard as it was 4 years ago... I miss you kyle Dane give Jon a big hug for me
thank u boi
This is my big sister. sweet, fierce, protective, and single and looking!! DM her or me to set up a date!
Valentine
This year you're mine 00hayaii!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
So many people struggle with this
Even if you don't know me I'm more than willing to be a listening ear
i love youu babe!!
Wahhhhhhhhhhhh gooooooo
twitter party na!
Have a beautiful and fulfilling day. I hope you haven't become too old for cake?
Congratulations
Congratulations to JYP Entertainment for reaching 10 Million subscribers on YouTube! There are so many amazing
My mom is on nov 9th. Love her so much
Such a pretty dog
Ma heart.
My turns 13 today so blessed to have you for a sister. Your genuine care for people and puppies is
& at the wedding
Brunch!! Beef mushroom rice toppings & of course, fruit salad.
Primer Fav
Primer RT
Primer Comentario
[1- Ganador Por Persona
Fortnite Account [Skins]
[7-[#FAV] Para Mas
Morning
Never been more proud of the boys
Atlas, you are beautiful!
If you're not following this talented artist please check him out, I love his work!
Thanks brother
Blessed Sunday everyone
Holding hands. looking into the eyes. Whispering 'Love you baby'. Conversing about the mutual interests
thank u
JAJAJA te
please follow been on here since 2009 supporting you
Their poses are so cute it melts my heart
Very Very Excited to se this trio I like Varun Have a Good Day
I can't wait to see my favourite bands again
Hey baby I'm available until 2am
Come by and let's have some fun
Jinna 520 - 330 - 7804
Wow semma video
God morgon
huomenta
Guten morgen
Buenos dias
Good morning
Bom dia
Grace and Gratitude
(Photo
Thank you Kenny, Kerry and Cast of American Son for a beautiful, complex and devastating night of theater.
Iloveyoutoo
Thank you juice me be packing right now okurrrr
Tonight was so good
Happy Birthday Marzia
Hope you have a great day Mum
Dev Saran
LOVEEEEEEEEE
Wow I love hamatan season cos it always tell me that Christmas is around the corner..
Thank you, exxxxx!
Clib from my channel in YouTube my link in bio
Hope you're okay and not injured... Take care of yourself... Love you
that. Did you get her name? What a . in drive the through their skill and
blessed to have you in my life
I and the wifi
that's pretty much it !! lots of love to you guys
DAVE BARKER - Funkey Reggae via
Mama approve but still coming out for my birthday
Love this
Strawberry taho
Good bye, Baguio
Fallen for this guy
We Our Band Parents! Thank you for all you do and the great Welcome Home celebration for your 2018 Bandmasters
good boy, I like them well behaved, double it
Took some time to go see a friend of mine! Thanks for the songs and good vibes
only thing in this whole neighborhood that liked
Thanking God today for putting in my life
Yeahh cousin
So much fun picking pumpkins today! I love being around for these little things again my heart is full today
bbs did live a while ago and they played "simple" and "don't listen in secret" in the car
Brick Lane today Like the middle of the night
Bem princesinha
So proud of you
What you do when you like a place so much that you don't want to leave?
You don't.
Dream guy!
Spread love everywhere you go.
Amo vcs
YEssss
It always happen with me Supreme Master that after stage 1 my focus looses and it puts me in
we gonna cook you a whole plate of pizza rolls
Just finished 15 more sets for a local souvenir & books store
Love you too.
I hate sleeping alone , i just want
i will cherish you till you die
November 29
Enjoy guys!
im going to upload got to grind when others won't i want to be ahead also its the next day so
November 8th!!!
Oooh a Target trip! Make sure to get the wifey some bath bombs. They are the best! Love Target
Ahhh :) I love it so much! It definitely gets you wanting more. beautiful. hoping for a 2nd season!
YESSSSS DOMONIQUE
Bright side im in with my girl taking back a couple brews
Someone cares u for nothing. best feeling
So glad I have so many kind-hearted people in my circle. May God bless you always!
please remember this. check on your brothers, cousins, & make friends too.
Totally understand!
The crowd is insane
7 pounds 11 ounces 21 inches wait for the next video
Sending air hugs little kitty, we all fall at some point and learn to start afresh. Take care
favorite place, with my favorite person.
all love
Best friends
What real dont fade
My Snapchat memories just reminded me of one of my first games nights I miss those. Soon come
My heart beats for this little girl
Happy birthday pretty
I have so many people who I love so dearly... a great weekend
happy birthday i havent even drawn you anything and im late askajskajsk
but i still hope it's a good birthday :)
Merhaba! To all the family.
Thank you
Happy Birthday Brodie
Oh wow!! Good night dear David sweet dreams
6 days before we started dating
listening to old songs
Omg nooooo. I hope miss Bliss is found very very soon.
This
Never, ever, EVER
.
Andrew Scott and Jeremy Irvine in one film Im crying of happiness how beautiful the film is plus Jessica Brown Findlay
HOLY MOLY THIS IS SO FREAKIN BEAUTIFUL!!
Love how beautiful her color looks even when straight balayage hilights, toner and olaplex.
Buongiorno e buona domenica
Yes.. also nami in animated moves which manga can't give
Couples goals
I you
watching football
I would of loved to go with u
Those reading plans on the Bible app have really changed my life
I am late but Happy belated birthdayy You're a super adorable person and I hope you had an
Boubat:
de chats Paris 1948.
Parisian rooftop cats gang.
aww bby you know i luv u ure such a delight to be mutuals with i hope i get to keep u forever huhu thank u for this :((
Here are more gifs of Marzia
I have no other words 2018 is the best
my parents surprised me with this beautiful gift from Tijuana
assuming the best friend your speaking about and I miss you too listen you can come live in my dorm
guys please be safe
Every love song I listen to belongs to you
/krt/ pink ocean with sones chanting taeyeon's name.
thank you
Walk slowly
Anak2 Cinta Hati
I speak this into existence with
te amo!!
My faves
hi thank you for the giveaway!! My top 3 are sicheng, chenle, and mark i love them because they're
October 21, 12:29 am, the best night of my life
and RT
We're struggling every single day. Yet, we still manage to smile. Good job dearself. You did so well
so grateful for the people that have always been there for me
Congratulations, so happy for you you worked so hard and nice to see the work pay off
Thisss
Minha princesa
my baby will be 7 months tomorrow, growing so fast
is thank you
workshop it together while i die 1 million times bc you called me hot
got nothing to do so please leave a
friedkingdomtimetravel: edgingruiner: sincitytrucker: got game, she?! Pm me for...
been almost a month since I first saw you I have so much stunning footage from the concert that I
Thank you Look To Bad Yourself
this . I need friends .
Movies and pizza with my bestie
you are pretty right since when you were born
Nw: First love
goodnight i love you so much!!!
Thank you tonibels Exposed ako dito HAHAHAHAHA
This Trio is
May God bless them with endless success and with limitless happiness
Molly sleeps in the crook of my arm every night and even puts her arm around me
date with mah girl and G!
hope they win
iKON
Meus amores
A post gathering
A celebration of a life, really.
To cute
Good morning
HATERS LIVING THE PAST WOW MOVE ON SERIOUSLY FROM
Playstation 4 this game
Night beautiful
love
Maynbe it is the best morning Ever
nice one murphy
I swear this EP gets nicer by the day wait for u guys to hear it very different from stuff done before
Dreaming about you all day,i can't study for my exams.
Miss you
Ethan is honestly the best always just looking after me I wait to see him
11:11
Ishqbaaaz should stay safe.
It should go on
Que
Bebidas perfectas
Thankee, Vaneh! I hope so, too.
Found him
What a great moment
MY MIK MIK OMG She looks just like Aunty San here. So beautiful
ily bby
Jerry (my husband) literally cried after Ally (my sister) and I gave our speech and it made me just so happy
...
hello, sunshine
Kiss your baby
Te amo
good. I love it
I love you the most forever & always
always be obvious just how much always care for you
EU NASCI PRA TE AMAR, SANDRA OH
fuck yeah my boy bring it in
Thank you
That would be a great job......for you
It truly is
Suppppport your localssss
hehe
i finally got a spooky basket made my shitty day 10000000x better
He has eyes so deep they make u feel better
Hier ist ein Song It'll All Work Out von Tom Petty and
beep beep!
to
Hey dude,
Happy 18th Monthversarry ddemeshkuh
Langgeng!
Sobs!! I'd love that so much! ;u ; we'll have to talk more about it when the time comes! My DMs are always open
Project namin yan
If you write such English, I'm good with you not agreeing with me, entlek ke happy
My bestfriend
Gowon
Laura Mvula - Show Me Love
Ask something nice
Congrats!! You deserve it!!
Awesome Duet With Po Pinoy
Thanks , Pretty
welcome!
When the feelings are mutual
My apartment waiting on me... imma make it so cozy in there and turn my living room into a movie theater
His so cute when he smile waaaaaahhhh so soft baby tae-tae
Thanks Steve
How does one person have so much fucking talent.
"you are my most beautiful nightmare"
oficialmente amigos hhaha
"Village Peaple" style!!!
Big win for Rockets! Congraaaaats! Big bounceback King James!
love you sweet girl! here if you need anything at all!!
Rejection is my favorite
screaming happy birthday to the man with the most dreamiest face big ol 19 Love you baby, another year of
Adulthood is napping in taxis
bueno ^^
RED
FB / RT
ITI MALIA
Still thinkin bout you...
via
I stopped. Come back. We need your cuddles.
Thank you for another great experience and a day full of learnings! You help us to be a better
thank u
Pretty ass
Commissions Prices
Ask about art trades!
miss you
Thank you bby ily back
This makes me so happy Ugh the magic of concerts
Aslam Alikum Beautiful People
Good Morning
Jesus, You've won it all. You reign forever.
Spend a lot of time playing with him and learning him As well as he learns me
I Looking you my Beatifull
sands of time
THIS SO MUCH
thank u
Buenas noches
Jthreeeeeeeee
twitter party na!
100% Free Live Porn Cams
Shows by Beautiful Girls
because of the sea
always a good day when we beat the Bruins.
love my fans too
I can feel Paisley shifting to my right side while sitting here cuddling my Parkie Poo. I love my kids.
thank you gurls!!! i love you all
Yay! I found you!
Love scenario
please please remember this. check on your brothers, cousins, & male friends too.
Thank u
Have a blessed one urself
I'm so sorry. What a beautiful kitty and a wonderful story of her life with you!
You will always inspire me
Love you lots
love you domo!!!!!! Keep your head up!
Don = = life
please, notice this tweet. be the happiest person ever. I love you so much and am so so proud
your gorgeous i love you i hope u reply to this
I wrote a song. And gonna sing it live and purpose to my girlfriend at the same time. stay tuned
naraid66
yowsswammuld
Snow fall in Kalam valley , Swat
19/01/18
Credits : Mehtab Gondal
THANK YOU PEAR BEAR
ADN
Feliz al chico imperativo.
is
milqutv
"Model : ================================
Turn Post Notification on
Best Twerk Videos on
amazing
Thank u homie
Sitting on my sofa crying. so happy. I LOVE YOU! IM SO PROUD!
While the whole world searching. Mine here with me
I love how different our band is from everyone, still proud
100% LEGIT GIVEWAY OLD ACCOUNT
TO WIN IM CHOOSE 5PEOPLES:
-#RT THIS AND LIKE
-CHOOSE 1 FRIEND
-
Que afortunada soy de tenerte, te amo Dylan
Oww ;))
/\
/ \ I miss my lover
MARC DEL
best pic zilong
thanks for the RT
thank you
RED
FB / RT
Done my vote for IKON
Favorite pic of us that night
Reaper Day 10
Congrats and You guys deserve it.
thank you so much! HOLLOWeen just seemed so fitting
I love this
Way to Mahodand Lake Kalam , Swat Valley jan. 18
Credits :
10.21
.
Thank you Babes!! Love you too!
Mga Lovessssssssss mamaya na
twitter party na!
Red Smart-City-Raipur
so cute omg goals
imo, Miles Morales is the best Spider-Man
No ... no...
No way, no one can compare our Love with any !
Its,
Innocent
Pure
Happy
Beautiful
& Loving
Congrats!!!
Mon gars D.Rose
Lovely. morning avantiga inthanall punnagai udan thodangatum
Screaming happy birthday to my bad ass dawta I love u stank u big 7 now I hope u have the best birthday ever baby
She got a gift 181021 PMY fan meeting
My birthday was a blast with her
He makes my heart beat so fuckin' fast.
Amazing pic. Thank you for sharing! Have a nice weekend! Much love
Rosey Love
Just do you fam
/ |
/ /
/
/_/
From the outside
for a tbh
~ Thank you for taking care of my sister... Thank you More emphasis on
thanks babe
yaaaayyy
I am goodnight I love you
The Andys
Love this woman. Thankyou for being my rock.... someone who i can lean on too at any time & being my best friend
Happy birthday cutie hope your day is amazing as you are
I love you so muuucccchhh
Oh my God! I'm in love with your art. Keep being awesome
MELHOR PROJETOOO MTO OBG
Priestess of the mountain ;)
They all deserve love & happiness
bir nafes yeter
The world would be a better place with more people like you. Thank you!
The pose
YES!!!!
Just 15 days to go
Ah I love you where were you when I was a virgin jajaja
Awwww very welcome girl! Thank you so much for dealing with me too
I got you baby fix that
a la hermosa, que sin ella no a harry, te amamos
About time lol but your vids never disappoint
you're my best friend. your smile makes me happy. you're my home.
Bubble bath and power ballads. Perfect end of the day
Best friend iKON 20/10/2018
Can't wait to spend my sembreak with
relationship with Gerald is so real READ HERE:
Thanx :) Blocked. RT trop d'amour pour ce jeu
Tonight has been all about
Eu e as luzinhas
WE LOVE YOU RIGHT BACK
These two
The Genius Toolkit: Treat Your Blog Like a Business!
The way the baby looks at her first and then said it my heart
Proud of you bitch
not cry you are but melt my heart that he keeps trying to stand up even if he falls
Lunch
No mamar! Amo su playera
Goodluck, Casey!!! you got this!
Two more months and we will finally have our own place.
I Just Love these 2!! I definetly miss watchin Run's House..Use 2 be 1 of my favorite shows..I the
To the unknown; Only way I'm comin' back is through my unborns.
MOA Arena
My first USANA Convention
will never have this day again so make it
Good morning
Everyday calls for ramen
Thank you
S/o to my world
Surah Tawbah was one of my fav surahs to memorize
Oh terrible. I hope home soon
These guys just teammates, a family and what the game is all about
Happy Birthday Lena!!!
Halfway through our Tin Can Cake Workshop with Chef Kazzie Sy!
Thank you for making my night also peep my sub at the beginning
SEE YOU ON TUESDAY! I WAIT!
You guys are always the cutest
everything and more
Namjin talking alone in bon voyage 3
Dream diary igot7 5th
Photobook 480
got7 working eat holiday in jeju
Photobook 460
proud of you be your new mom! can be your new dad. all go be
OUR PRECIOUS BEAUTIES
I WILL BE A NURSE
i will, thank you!!
So True
.
.
.
i am going to sleep have a good day sweet heart
Faith can move mountains
the best is yet to come
happy birthday daddy cant wait till you come home later
We he gets all your pregnancy symptoms Monday we find out if 1 baby or 2 growing in there
Better than words
you can't cause I have them
morning
1.43 all the lucks for you baby
the "you deserve that" was very accurate and true she deserves everything good in this world she deserves
What a creep
Everytime I vote I had taken all
Wannables fighting
Good luck
Thanks for those who tipped today going to Orlando this weekend would love all the help I can get
Congratulations and be blessed
My Ride or Die
happy birthday sir.. many happy returns of the day.. stay blessed
the older I get the more I appreciate my family even if not all blood, family is family.
lets go travel baby
you a real one bae
Good Morning lovely hope you have a fabulous Sunday
Happy Birthday
Thank you
25. Duty salubong surprise and birthday dinner Grateful.
today for family day! Hands down my favourite photo Kyles and Asher walking together
In God I trust always and forever no matter what. Hurting, happy, and no matter what, God will always stay and
Love it
thank you so much
Do you know how much this makes me proud
Paps are the Worst!
I
Love
You
Too
GO FOR
rest assured.
I this bodysuit ((another find))
Love this so much!
if I can send you a quick one minute video of the song I want to do next. I need opinions.
See you later guys!!
This is the ideal Sunday morning.... Anyone agree the look delicious and cooked perfect Morning by the
still waiting on the day when I log in and scream my lungs out seeing you on my followers list please follow me, i love you
I couldn't do it without you! I know i constantly say this to you but: thank you.
This was so many levels of wholesome
Happy 11 months
Miss u guys
Thank you so much!
that Dr. Flores is rocking our StuCo shirt at this fantastic event!
currently..
Smiling thru the bs
Love the tiny support system I do have.
yieeeeee best friend
the sweetest
I really have a problem! PK!
We need someone in our lives who loves us, like how much he loves his sisters Philippine International
Congrats! Keep up the great work
so glad more and more Filos are starting to come out as a member of LGBTQ+ Love Wins!
Let me make it up boo.
Thank you, DENT1A forever a family I will treasure
Mucha suerte, felicidades mi amor
You drive me crazy
Love told me
Strap myself in
Life said
Enjoy the ride
My soul
Brightened and smiled
this thread >>>
Get well soon Nadine
a song for I Like It by CARELESS/Nadine Lustre
Only You - Cheat codes ft. Little mix
very welcome & definitely take as long as you need before coming back to all social media
Hookup with Me at
francesca le girl sex japanese perfect pussy sean
If You Get That Heartbeat In Your Pussy When You Horny
Say
blessed
The Met never fails to amaze me.
Devil Ruby you see my wings here and I forgot my horns but the event was fun.
Sola - Becky G
YES BEST FRIEND FUCK IT UP
I love this music, IWA
Parents, balik na kayo, pls.
+ =
Goddamn so in love with my baby
As a trans man this makes me so unbelievably happy
Clearly they are he bestest friends i love it
You know the deal Bill
Kim hyun joong - Kiss Kiss
jean for my part of an art trade w
Bought this jacket and it!
Feliz dia hermosaaa
I love this song and Im so happy that Jensen is singing it!!!! cause I need one
God knows my heart & the only thing that matters
I just finished 5 so still not even halfway yet, but yes! missed it so much
I just wanna spend the rest of my life with him, no one else. Just him
I let this one person go and I promise you I gained sooo much inner peace
My Baby Girl won Homecoming Queen Today . I Was So Happy
Mums are the best di ba besh
Good night ilysm
I You...
-
Miss you princess booty
that simple luv
If you want
with
The way Junmyeon says "don't mess up my tempo" will never feel not right in my ears
Halloween Horror Nights was really cool with my love
Love the VM dear its perfect
Thank you baby
Me, Zoey, and Disney Junior no other place I'd rather be
(Expect we wish was here)
Your mother raised you RIGHT.
Respect to mothers. Love u mum
I want this
pinning this so I don't forget the goal. optimism is key
Everytime I vote I had taken all
Wannables fighting
Good luck
stay safe
Happy 7th babe wuvyuuuuuu
Calling the help, a touch
Seriously sleep but I love it because I love cuddling my daughter.. before I know it not going to let me cuddle her anymore.
Massive respect! Thank you for the opportunity
that one person that makes you
KWBSK ER VRJWVRKWVRKEBKR
i love them so much omg
O levels is the reason why im not there haisss, Congratulations to my cousin Iqa Macam princess
Unreal Texas forever
ayie may credits
3rd and final set! Thanks everyone for always being sooo supportive!! you all!!
Everytime I vote I had taken all
Wannables fighting
Good luck
Laying With Keedy
Stay coming through
Have A Good Day
Ternurita
I MISS YOU SOOOO MUCH SEE YOU TOMORROW
A 9 hr drive to Boston for this special guy worth every second. And the reaction to the sweatshirt I made you
I love these two so much
Yay! Thankyou so much sa lahat nang naki-twitter party today! 43k
I wish you all luck.
Tonight me and Netflix
Retweet this if you got good ass heart
You both are adorable
Lunch with Hida beef (@ in Takayama, Gifu Prefecture)
3
Ily buy you another cake
His hair and outfit this trio looks sooo soft omg are they cute
THAT'S my best friend
3rd Ward I love you
Looks a little like Judy Garland in this picture. Fitting.
Thank you
please tag me about nct dream, whatever that. tag me
singing with is so peaceful
Everytime I vote I had taken all
Wannables fighting
Good luck
yes!! I proofreading and supporting friends
The Lumineers
re-icon. hit if u want
like to be my old self again, but I am still tryin to find it ...
I remember it all too well
-Taylor Swift
Nonton ulang bebep CTC
Everytime I vote I had taken all
Wannables fighting
Good luck
my soon to be wifey
an amazing soul who was misunderstood for too long. You deserve more than just love but admiration for being brave
All of us, ever, if you need someone to talk to just dm us i am more than happy to listen us emo's have to stick together!
rewatched ep6 of shameless and sent brydee & kares breakdown vids over goodbye and gallavich
Women (and Menssssss) wear Crowns || Such a fun evening and such a great cause
Everytime I vote I had taken all
Wannables fighting
Good luck
for a tbh!
My boy Johnny and
- Two stunning busty milfs gagging on a
this is for you.
oH NO
oops I dropped it.
Happy and Blessed Sunday and friends
Keep safe
Another milktea for myself later
Thanks wrench love and miss you too been too long
Same. Nazizi amelost Sana but she looks so amazing
Thank you sm to everyone that wished me a Happy Birthday today, I truly appreciate all of you especially my band family, I love
so blessed
whatever you have ahead of you, you can DO it
Yeahhh! Omg so excited for you- it will melt your !
the world needs more ppl like
I love being with you
No you're great!
Morning
beep beep!
to
Hey dude,
Happy 18th Monthversarry ddemeshkuh
Special quotes:
I think you are the Best Rihanna!!!
and Support from a Carribean girl!!!
Keep being yourself!
The is a terrible thing to waste let ( YAHUSHA ) come in and do surgery on it ...
spone63: Zhanee Luv Dark Chocolate Tight Lil Black Bubble Ass Her glow is mad real...
watching on Netflix
Domo you been that bitch praying for you love like I said before you my bestie you just
Thank you Jesus for Gov Abbott!
Who ever he is, he loves you a lot too.
Weekends are such a blessing.
I am so in love with my family.
House of Trump, House Of Putin.. Let me know if you want the 2 videos on this
I know many people (strangers) that regretted getting to know. Drive by friendships are fun and prowl are cool
There is coffe
And
There is
The kiss of death that will bring u back to a different life
Hi! How are you doing? Let's be friends. HELLO SORRY FOR THE LATE REPLY,, IM FINE DONT WORRY sure just dm me!!
You guys are great
Thank you. are to kind and keeping an eye out. I really appreciate that!!
I AM SO HAPPY FOR YOU
Te amo
So proud of Mann
Mira! Metamorfosis tour!!
so glad i got to see for a little bit tonight, i missed her lots
This is on my timeline for the 5th time
Love that
LBJ.
Thanks g
Gn bae ima call you in the morning my love have a great rest
happiness lives
I WILL win this battle God brought me way toooo far to leave me now ,
wait to lay up wit my mans n smoke hella weed
Freaky Knight with my girls
I WILL win this battle God brought me way toooo far to leave me now ,
of course lovey. anything for you!
Jessica song
There is no love more sincere and pure than my dogs love for me
Don't think Golden State is off the hook. You're all western snakes to me.
The fact that I've read every single one of these
Been that long? Mm.
take care of yourself, love.
Thank you you are gorgeous too
Blessed birthday Kuya Herbert!
Praise God He touched you para sumama sa min.
More blessings to you.
Happy birthday princesa, te desejo o mundo
Awww Good ol Mario Party doing its job!
Brunchin like a boss at
.
LPQ has an elaborate brunch menu that NEVER disappoints. My favorite has got
One of the best times of my life was working on a Carling Black Label campaign. I was 22. Zesixukuxa ngayo la Black Label.
Love hate relationship with this kakyong
Thanks big brother
got to watch panic at the disco for the first time aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
cutting the onions this is so sweet and sure it has meant so much to this lovely little man and his
Valentine
This year you're mine HTN1994!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
My bestfriend is really my heart
I will always support you and love you just the way you are, Dion! Be yourself!
Lots of love from Austria!
Thank you Jordan
Hello thanks sa pag like sobra akong natuwa don haha again Happy Birthday kay ate talliah
Lord I've seeeeeen what you've done for others
So sorry that you went through this. Thank you for sharing & admire you for your bravery.
Para de ser falso hahahaaha
Nois, chocoleras
24hr tattoo shops
Field trip to ATL for our girl and the bro
Omg I KNOW I'm awful at talking more but I totally l.o. u... AM feeling you btw do y'all want her 100% yes
Thanks bro
Sorry
Bonding with TaTa
My day one.
Been through the same situation. Sorry you have to deal with it cuz
Congrats James and Nadine on last night's very successful concert!!! You were both amazing!!!
laying down in bed with my love snuggling after a long day was literally just want I needed.
Can we just take a second and look at my beautiful bestie and her family is
|| I have any cute gifs to reply with but thank you!! :)
You are an amazing person who deserves amazing streams and amazing vibes. You get back what you create.
That smileeeee
Happy Sunday FAM, stay positive and blessed
everything will get better, everything will be better
Nathaly Alva Giraaldo Burris eres lo mejor
Yes. Thank to your creative mind
Ehehehe, so cute!
Omg jeffree is coming to manila ! Cant wait to meet your here queeen!
:You've been with me through my days
And for the change Jesus
I'll always be your servant
.
.
My Father
praying for a peaceful-loving heart
happy birthday babygirl
Thank you love
happy birthday ate kecia!! iloveyou uli hehe God bless:>>
My Granddaughter cuddling Gypsy before night night time
Ah si, coges bien chingon
...as much as these situations hurt. The stronger we become for realizing things like this sooner rather than later
But thanks lol I appreciate it haha
Arrey.
I love u more got ur back syy mwa
my Fave. I had you on repeat ALL day
My whole heart
Never would have made it without you
happy birthday,
Yo mas!
Protect this Young KING
she so fricking cute!!!! Ughhh
isso
Fire, board games, pizza and some of my favorite people in the world? Definitely makes for a wonderful evening
LOML
I only myself.
RIP Victor
:)
Sigeee, kaso wala na ako sa nun. Pero support kita if ever!
I just received the nicest and most respectful compliment ever
I miss you
y going w the person who hurt u when u can go w the person who made u feel loved and appreciated
Amen boss, thanks
A Trump Classic
This encompasses
thank you ilyyy
Love you too
be the reason not an option
thank you babe!!!
Aww love you
Yo amo a & I Love
I you
bish fite me milk tea is
D-438
Coyote Ugly is on
so thankful for you boo, love you lots!!
Iyowwnn thank youuu ulit karlly sexy HAHAHA
Godly friends = Staying close to God
The teen that did this amazing deed gives me hope for the future.
So glad I saw this video. Now 100% Republican. That Trump train!
Valentine
This year you're mine aQiuetthunder!
And you, whom will be yours?
Some times easier said than done....
happy birthday always stay happy & blessed
Essa menina linda dms afff
hold on hold on wait.. let me go cry and come back
This scene
Amor maior
I wanna go stay in the Stanley Hotel.
To all the friends ghosted . . . not you me. I love so much and still think about I
D-495
All things work together for the good of those who Love ( YAHUAH) and called according to his purpose ... He will make things alright
hello baby
. [21-10-18]
ig stories
Of course
Not to be crude, but fuck yeah, Joni
Text; Waffles
>
>Dammit, I meant
>OK please unlock your door.
thank you!
Te amo maluca
181020 BOF 2018 with
How do you survive this?
yiiin.stagram
please and rt, thank you!
I'm not really good to keep in touch with friends But love you all
so cute
Hahaha. All of them actually
starting to like Vietnamese music
Happy Birthday
Thanks for saying, Alex!! Love u more now.
Thanks big boss
wow thank you so much!!! enjoy everyone!
A big s/o to my bf for making today special. I swear I love that boy sm so thankful and blessed to have him in my life
Don't forget
iKON 20/10/2018
What a great Saturday
I loved u Nancy
for a tbh
Compassion makes the world go around
Under the Sea
Wall art loving it
and RT
This is Luxxe Protect works
Its helps make your damaged skin into glow and transformed into natural looks
Oh my heart
Thank God for
happiness lives here
Amo vcs
Why is he like that?
Thanksssss
WE DOG THE BOUNTY
HUNTER Love Prayer
Compassion
Lives have been changed
fucking commercial havin ass
we matching energy all 2019
4 days to anan bday and he already know about his birthday hashtag on twit .. Hope he'll use VPN if he
Just in case you don't know
Follow
Follow
Welcome Happy Sunday, have a wonderful day Buenas dias
Unconditional love what a sensational hug I love the bromance
Traffic
Happppppppy birthday
Sweetest day just enough to show my appreciation for my bf.... i appreciate that man everyday.
greatful every day
Don't worry hun, I'm okay
Amen sisi Thami God bless you
Thank you, b
Aw! Thanks Ruff! Feel the same way about you! missed you this week!
I pray the man I marry and the father of my kids is this creative with them
happy birthday
Sorry I can't become a member but Love the streams and the videos you post. Keep up the great work.
Best Indian Serials Songs
ahora a dormir con mi bebeeeee
coffee date
Awhhh I miss Dre love you guys!
A Star is Born
I love how protective Jerry gets about other guys when it comes to me
aaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! n"I'm not crying, you're crying"
The LS link is here. I repeat, the LS link is here.
PLEASE FAVE AND RT!
Here Is My Taehyung Just Take It And Go!!!
Sunday outfit/ We went to the Church, walk a little and she was very happy like she always is I love that
No but yours
Super sexy wowwwwwwwwwwwwwww. I LOVE YOU
um webamigx caroline
blogvialist is now following me on Twitch! Thanks for the follow!
gonna do what my heart feels not second guessing that
Still slaying the dancefloor 30 she is, and always will be, my favorite dancer
Thanks Abby!
GCU Discover trip with some of the most amazing girls I have ever met + Josh I fell in love with this place
is the most beautiful soul and meeting her would make my entire life
Yeah that made me love him soo much
Thank you
+ =
&
Yaz is so beautiful guys
Thank you
drink the poison. There are so many wonderful people in this world.
Happpppy Birthday Favvvv
All the love Paris
naraid66
nsnv#pbm%tb
2days to till 250k is drawn
Good morning dear
OHHH wkwkw scoups
Happy Sunday Lovely Dawn Chang DAWNcers
Wonderful hearing enjoying spending quality time with people you love
That's so so sweet
You made me emotional
Thanks again bhai
Quote this tweet with your favourite character of friends
this is like our friendship
IFB with
him melts my heart !
You do, whatever it is
my heart (these two)
Chills! This is actually pretty cute!
I'm fckng ready to our next adventure!!! (ELYU ELYU ELYU)
eu amo
. [21-10-18]
ig stories
Church day
Came across this
This is how i proposed Chandu
Rotary Fun Run, END POLIO NOW.
vashti is one of my favorite people
Always thankful for your support
God bless having melanin
One month and i land in Sulaymaniyah
Tag your friends Credit Follow our pawner Follow doglife pawaddicted dogsofig dogoftheday dogs instapuppy
Lets mark every 21 October as A Cup of Latte day
Ehehehe, so cute!
Had fun with my sis tonight
I pray to you every night chef.
Her expression was priceless
QUE
Do you remember when you joined Twitter? I do!
The Wee Covinas
Volleyball loves. The Homecourt Gym In Boni Avenue, Mandaluyong City
Loves me some beaches now !
Wow this is beautiful
Omgggg yeah now i need to watch it again
Satu hati juara dunia MotoGP.
Hoco 2k18
agree more. Love ko yan. Nanood rin ng Most Requested dati yan haha
thank you gorgeous love you too!!
Thank you.
Blessed morning everyone
you look beautiful.
Lovin' it! Palma Real Residential Estates
Because God is faithful to His promise.
Rob and Lilly looked good tonight!
CHECK YOUR IG DMS ASAP MOMMA
They have such an amazing relationship.
Forever
Been otp w zu for 2 hours talking bout syc & Sonson
8 letter | why don't we
Sisa ngedate semalem
Hi I'm so glad you finally got to see them live! Hope you had the time of your life
You are something special Rodney! An inspiration!
Happy 4th birthday Danial Ariffin! Paklang loves you always
You guys are beyond lucky
thank you sooo much right. some people just make me feel like im not good enough sometimes..
Amistad es amigo.
malitos pero lo muchas gracias, sois lo mejor
Happy Sweetest Day!
TYSM for coming
Mi
Cover my heart
Same, I loved them together.
we love you Justin
Here for the message, also here for the language
Nah... Definitely not old Ana x
Are you single? Nope. Happily taken by heidi
I was JUST talking about this last night! Great to hear the story behind it
This team means everything to me want it to end
Thank you. You are doing good works.
There is no better feeling in the world than when your man rolls over and wraps his arms around you while sleeping.
Nakaka-overwhelmed. I'm really part of it! So blessed
J
Random click show some love
Actual tears
Love you Dinet
Thank you bby for this lipsticks Finally dapat jugak warna ni dah lama aku cari
I really need a gig bud. yung sobrang interested sa OPM
IBA ENTRANDO COMO SI NADA A INSTAGRAM Y ME DOY CUENTA QUE BARBARA ME DM . NO MAMEN ME EN TODO EKVDHDBS
a little bonus appreciation drawing for :_) thenkusomuch for your patience
you're the reason behind my smile
TY rachael!!
Dublin!
Thanks for a fun stream and letting me play whatever I want we hit 30k viewers at one point which is crazy
I luckily have a lot of bts material and I still can't believe I got to be that happy
and what an album it is! Can not wait to hear what you are working on now
Happy Halloween
: baby
: po?
: i miss you
yIEEEE MARUPOQUE AQ
TY & respect brothas & sistas
Rumours abound that the name 'North Macedonia' will be blocked by Russia
Bruno knows when his momma is sad. been giving me extra hugs & loving today
outdoor foodtrips
Deep conditioning...
Thank u Anna your the best!
Will be selling some of my pre loved clothes tonight!
well good job for Lebron
this T-shirt
in
Cuma
Son unos angelitos
I'm so happy for my girls and so so grateful for Dua Lipa
thanks for everything tonight, doll. appreciate the heck out of you!
thank youu & kaw ren hehe
back home, Tom birthday and Cougs won, what a great day!!! a wonderful life
my -food, feed, fun! For the one who makes everyone around so happy, a very veriest happy
lights out king of powerful vocal
please notice her, been promoting let me so much and deserves something from z
Aff linda
Get well soon Leo
Thanks Yoshii
payment sent to
just so happyyy that alive to see 18 God knows i thought i make it, hbd to meeeee
you should stay right here cause everything is ok right here
i just logged in and this
Keep it up, Baron! Everybody deserves a second chance and God blesses anyone who comes to Him. May
I love you so damn much Kenny
Love my city, idc idc.
Thank you!
I am blessed that i have a man that can be a clown and makes children happy
Thank you for reading my comment on your live big fan of your channel and you kept it and you are
This has CURED me from my hell day. I u Jessie
You deserve a lot more than 30k
Uy
Fuck with local babes at
eating creampie extreme creampie home made sex
NO UNA IDEA DE LO QUE ME HICISTE EL MEJOR DE VIDA
THE AVOCADO(E)S AT LAW ARE BACK.
If you are patriotic and DO NOT follow you are missing out. (and her followers are amazing)
Love you
Loved watching you play all those games thanks for a fun stream
Don't forget iKON 20/10/2018
Happening Now
XoX!
pra mim,
naraid66
kxtsipy0wqgl
Love that you pay attention
I love you
A day to rest. God, thank you
17
Sin decir.
Das Buch ist so toll
Chivette Kenzie will get you through to the weekend (17 Photos)
post this beautiful photo taken by on the gram
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Lilimar!
hoseok feel free to dm me whenever
YYYAAASSSS I would wear this as a shirt!!! Please make this a thing you two!
:3
gosh, i this guy!!!!
the stage set up is so beautiful
Standing on Benfleet station on my way to lecture and listening to the dawn chorus. Beautiful
best way to end my night i love you so much my love! i care about you so much!
Oh sorry.
Thank you chefs
H
21/10/2018
1440/2/12
Prepare for cuteness overload
opppsssss!! KYgaling sumayawwww
FADAAAAAAAA
Everyone shud try this including me
Greatful for another day
WORLD CHAMPION x 7
WHS Panther Football - We are proud of you! Crazy games. My voice box was pushed to the limit and my was
Have a wonderful Sunday, you guys. Enjoy the autumn and just relax today.
Another one of my birthday gifts. This one from my sister- in-law Cesarina. I love this!! Thank you Bronx,
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Sydney!
Hello twitter
Happy birthday love
Love you with all my heart, Supreme.
Happy birthday dost
There's lots of memories with you. Thanks for being there
I twinks
Please respect privacy of raichu
Getting loads of content! here for it!
Loving ur mood! Have a great weekend x
protect this friendship ...
Everyone look at my spirit animal. Majestic.
you Peter.
Hi
They Afraid To Show Their Heart, But I Show Mines.
Im here for the color love
First date was amazing I really like this boy fr
Hayateeeeeee
[!!!!] Let's learn to say thank you from now on
P a n i c ! A t T h e D i s c o
__________
VCS ONLY
To home
Omg I hope I come off rude! I was just joking around! Thank you for taking an interest in my fam
785 miles to be exact
I thought of you
Good People come around your life to often, when they do Hold on to them .
Maybe because I just watched Empire Records, but I love you guys.
Today was the first time we had to take the stage without Dion Hobson we honoured our beautiful friend, band
Very cool art style!
Nearing Blizzcon so I am giving away an extra medium "I SC" shirt!
Follow&like for the shirt, I'll cover
Helloooooo
This is amazing, and beautiful
Strong Heart Awakening by Jennifer White
Haaay lil orbit ur the one
Through him I can do anything
Infantaria
Quote this tweet with your favourite season of friends
thankful to have my mom be MY mom honestly the best mom God could have ever gave me.
This is so touching and priceless. :')
Makes me miss my grandparents.
Het IS boring though, unless we're talking about Bayek and Aya in Assassin's Creed Origins
Quote of the day
Ang CUTE mo dito my love
Have a blessed Sunday
Murder On The Orient Express is one of the best detective novels I've read
And now it's airing on Fox Movies. Same feels tho
For some reason this statement gives me a sense of happiness and relief
Honored to perform with such wonderful women tonight ! Thanks
imiss you too boo
Ending the birthday with baby snuggles
Isn't she lovely? Really love this Queen.
Woop shoutout to my old college resort
Happy birthday beautiful
Soy muy feliz haciendo esto
HIPHOP COMPETITION 4TH RUNNER-UP All glory to you oh Lord CREW FTW!!!!!!!
21/10/18 Sunday is day
Khabib at bernabeu....
sweet talk, to me babe, it's magical. sweet lullaby
Always a great one for my king beebo
omg THE Calab said he LOVED ME like wow seriously
My Darsh
u will always be here ----->
Just saw excellent work and your work never ceases to amaze
Best of times
Wow it like being flawless?
Thank you
aaaaa lateee! HAPPY BIRTHDAY ABBY! Have a blast and stay beautiful
hoco
But hey I must say I really liked that video
7
Mis amiwichos son los mejores
"Follow your dreams" pose
Cheyenne is so great love her
I love your style! So good!
Cutie pie such a perfect child to me
welcome back!
Quote this tweet with your favourite episode of friends
is so hot here. Lorenzo Choi
A +
Happy 50th Birthday!!! OLD FART
Good Morning tweeps
Happy Sunday
Love
Yhuuu men I'm sorry you had to go through that, hope you have healed
Oh wow! my Tweet but just a computer or algorithm so no big deal, right? I mean a real
Now i have 2 reasons to visit Vietnam next time!!!
I miss Cuddling With My Niece Babies The Best Cuddlers Nbs
Ohhhhhh I get it now lmfao
aweee
IFB with
minyoung today!! omg she looks so beautiful and happy!
Blondes are having way more fun this weekend (44 Photos)
Who did this Maddie Poppe . Fantastic
Recuerden estas hermosas fotos.
The greatest thing to wake up to Thank you /
A cute bean saying hi from the back of the car
my favourite exo song is been through and promise
Thanks for speaking my mind. I miss you and love you always carls.
Wow I love you guys.. and this song.. reminds me of that one show..
Miss you too bebi ko! See you later.
Real!
I wanna start figuring out what do for Monday nights, which is Queen and her Army
So I figured why
Comment your reactions below!
UPDATED DAILY
Doubletap
Follow
Tag your friends
-
Super excited to see our fav. trio
Yayyy
hi thank you po hihi
happy birthday have a good one ! gbu stay pretty
A day with him.
NOOO hopefully I will be back soon, absolutely love London!
RED
FB / RT
New video coming soon to my only fans go subscribe now
The best team in the history of SA soccer is playing today &
Morning y'all
And there is something about your smile that captures every heart
Fumiya Sankai
Very proud of you now lettme cool u breakfast for the rest of my life
this movie!
that was a festival with a lot of popular groups attending and eris still made it feel like it was concert
Namjin in airplane 2
Guys crying we did an amazing job
Wow! You look so pretty as Frisk. Thanks for sharing.
My niece is such a calm baby
Sunday shoe inspo. Loving the shoe-laceup boot fusion going on here - two winter shoes in one!
.
.
for a tbh
literally
Great way to end the week and good time to reflect on the week ahead
Been praying for you and will continue to do so! Get well soon!
Happy 1st Birthday to this sweet little one! Whittney Graham Photography LLC
it sweet how something as small as bubbles can make everything better?
Season 7.
sorry Jess :/ try to keep your head up
I just need some love
Zaan ka comment
Aise hote hai good friends kb sikhoge aap dono kya pata
Hint hint look at the heart count
Pumpkin Patch w my baby
28. Cookies and cream!!! but when we eat at baskin robbins my fave's cotton candy
Get well soon!!
Raper Jin is the best we need Jin as rapper again
We are waiting for your next video
Love you
Take care
Quote this tweet with your supporting character of friends
Mine is janice and mike.
i sleep but i need to. someone bring me food
wait to see you
so beautiful
if mine you definitely will know your worth at ALL times you are a KING nothing less
they have something in common - they both are strong and they both give up
Zindagi..... Hasne Gaane Ke Liye Hain Pal Do Pal, Ise Kho Na Nahi Kho Ke Rona Nahi
Reid, please don't kill me!! I just wanna cuddle with you and tell u how cute u r. ;w;
Happy sunday Rafikis, from Lamu with Love
Goals
Thank you, thus far. Just beautiful. I love you
I love my other family
My mom is gonna bring my keyboard/piano and guitar out from storage so I can start practicing again
HOT RESTOCK
CO# 8821 : SET 4 IN 1
Sm 110
Size : 30 (L) X 25 (H) CM
GRED : AAA
Berminat pm
Dream Team
Goodnight to all my fans
Retweet the heck outta this
Lee Min Ho
October 21.2009
A Nine Year ago
Lee Min-ho
He fell over at the Paeksang Arts Awards. And
Los amo Juki lop
I love you so much
with my babe
I won't be able to make it tonight
I'll be on again tomorrow tho! New vids will be available till then. Have a great night!
the nastiest bitch in Thank you <3 been an honor, sir
Thankyou po. More appearance for this two, please? Hihihi
PDL memories
Thalapati n cuty keerthy
Beyond October Giveaway!
Enter for a chance to win ASTRO & Logitech Gear!
Tag Your Friends
RT &
IFB with always
Of course
being asked to dance is legit the most sweetest things
wedding is a party, not a
Oooohh them yummy Apples are my favorites !!! Don't you just love Apples ??You'll be more in with Harvest !
My first coronation was amazing
Hiya..
Good morning
You know that i love you so much, mas!
So pretty 181021 PMY fan meeting
ILY
You got this beautiful
I my state
The one where Rachel delivers her baby.
Quote this tweet with your favourite dialogue from friends
thank you babe!
Lol I know it worked thanks
Family over everything
Hello Twitter !
u r cute when u eep
atlast, we are totally strangers. kan? so long, i wish a happiness and good life the same that i just had while im with you.
My sister is 17th
Selamat siang
You give me piece of mind
They make me happy
SuJu really. But it's cute tho. Their families and SuJu are just comfortable with each other.
Mi lindo
aAaaAh so blessed, thank y'all
Love him great pic
ANY TIME IS GAINING TIME
200 LIKES=200 FOLLOWERS
Like
Retweet
Comment ifb
Follow Who Like and RT
Follow
Thank you to everyone that joined us for Have Hope fest tonight! We are grateful for your support
aAaaA MY MAMA IS SO PRETTY nice to meet you again and i'm still amaze how beautiful you are ily
Thank you so much for the tips!!! :)
I extremely appreciate it.
I you guys too
How to Monetize Your Mojo even if you're starting from scratch
i am so very sorry for misnaming you, Derek Orange and Black. Please forgive me
Made an arrangement with the lawyers two months ago and started paying of my outstanding fees last month. Yho uthixo mkhulu
This was blessed my day... Thank you, By sayang /.\
my doctor crossed out in white-out and wrote because she forgot for a moment I guess lol
rostov
This thread.
Do not wait to do important things. You never know.
7 1 WEEK!!!!
aww thanks so much
Missed you too! Back to normal tomorrow
happy birthday kefflien! Thank you kttt!!
I dont know when they're flying home but I hope they have a safe flight
Such a beautiful family...
Real bitch go hard for they nigga
That know the meaning of diet look Really had fun yesterday at relaunch Unli
Pole nigtht en
Be shak
Captain
THANK U
Hi pls take time to check these artworks i made
SM City BF
aAaaAh so blessed, thank y'all iloveyouu
Thank you JK
The and will
Amen boss. God bless you
Your Part of Africa can choke... Also catch this block
Lunch Goals
Can't forget this amazing chicken Biriyani and Crab Masala!
Who all craves for a lunch this
Lots of love right back to you manifold hope you had the loveliest bday !
My girl is happily sound asleep of course w/her cute little snore truly makes me happy how blessed I am to have her
2hours is well worth thanks for the invite sisss
CONGRTS BABY
Almost time to say goodbye to this style
My dick to good I really be having no worries
~ Maybe me drama king abi you and DIDE, we will know... Hmmmmm Iwo?! Nora?!!! Iwo?!!! Haaaa
I love you more I like editing stuff so much rather be doing that than a lot of things
catches the attention but character catches the
hello bored ako and dami kog nakikita na ganto hehe
help me not to be bored
= ill answer 2 questions
i love both of them, but especially the first one, mashallah it looks great
goodnight to my angel and all of you muah
Ok... you are perfect
I love you
CONGRATS!! YOU DESERVE IT SO MUCH
Going to sleep with my mind and heart clear. Only God knows
Thank you for everything you have done for the us and the boys we have done it
Date night with babe bestie and her boo!
HAHAHAH OKAY ATE. LABYU. SABI NG WENJOY WENRENE AT JOYGI
i wish that i could find a girl just like my momma!
Ace I will literally fight those who try to hate on u >:( I LOVE U TOO
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Andy!
Good morning dr happy Sunday
6 years in MotoGP, 5 times he came out the World Champion. Felicidades mi amor,
Blessed Sunday
Pic : & Katrina Kaif for festive collection
Look how beautiful he is when singing
He's hot
so sorry meredith i hope everything will be okay soon. your family is in my thoughts
thank you
yeet switches who I want to corbyn
I feel the love
I pray that things go accordingly or as I have planned them for next year.
that phone conversation left me feeling so comforted and at ease wow so grateful for you bub
Definitely wait for my headass to found love like this !!!!!
Sunday.
"Village People" style!!!
Blessed Sunday everyone! God is good.
Ahaha this watch no large now but thanks all the same. God bless you
We would be honored!! Books are a favorite shared item
a worth the love
ampogi ng bebe kooo
I vote for as Best International Artist
You are beloved!
Te amo guapo me haces muy feliz
Com meu amor!!!
Congratulations Los Angeles
I knew it. I knew gonna tell me something like ask to me go out and see her. This kid is precious.
Excited.
Even tho ur taste in teams is bad i still love you
A New Tattoo by Urbandub
Period!! Women are the most beautiful creatures. We thank God for women
This is so beautiful it gives me chills every time I watch
Bella Thorne is the cute and goofy you need on a Monday (23 Photos)
love to see that
thank you
fangirl forever
So true x
I have a hard time recognizing celebrities but remember Peyton that I admire you very much
naraid66
svek0jiw$s@x
You are incredible
You're like
I don't even know
I lack the vocabulary to describe you
right. Thank you
2hours wait was well worth thanks for the invite sis
a gente sabe kahals
a poopy pic, but all I got
The best rider in the world
Thank you for everything you have done for us and the boys, we have done it without you or
"We're far apart but we're very close..."
Couldn't help but agree more on this. Love you always
Awwwwww. You each make the other look good. Lovely couple.
And congrats and well wishes all around
Ahaha thanks boss. God bless you
Oooohh them yummy Apples are my favorites !!!
Don't you just love Apples ??
You'll be more in with Harvest!
Like your clothes
YES!
Such a qt
flashy-princess: Lil tease Check more on my blog~
Ughhh I wait for the tour
Catch the beauty of not just Nick and Ali's love story, but also the beauty of Vancouver in today!
Thanks be to God for the opportunity!
Wow what a great night
I love my family
Awww I just love Amy. My heart goes out to her!
oof
Most definitely will
Good morning
My baby real life is getting smarter by the day the stuff he does now
je
Thank you for blessing us with ever end. Please we love you Queen!
are for real messing with a girls feelings!! so excited and I wait to see more.
Barefaced niel
congrats tchr awe
thank u
Thank you
Love you, Rach! so blessed to have you as a friend
My Babe Luvs To Be Deep Throated By And Fed Until None Remaining.
I took meds so I'm most def passing out soon.
Pray for me
TIFF omomomo the best and the cutest! This vid just lights up my mood like instantly
Officially one month being army
GAIN TIME
RETWEET NOW
FOLLOW me & everyone else who LIKES or RTs this
If this is "private" Haleigh Lord help us if we ever see wild Haleigh I love you
9 months and counting... forget
You like this? Follow:
thanks babe. congrats to you too.
iKON 3rd Anniversary Cupholder
Bubble Tea Work, Tsim Sha Tsui
Hong Kong
9/15
Happy birthday maiko!!!!!!!!! Stay awesome, God bless!!!!!!!! cheers
F
the nice one
so beautiful
Tonightttttt!
October 27th
Congratulations Great fight Dovi Awesome podium Cal GOAT VALENTINO
thanks for the support skinny queen
happy birthday Sanji
May ur all dreams comes true
God gives you all the happiness nd
Molly
my serendipity. I looking for you. I expecting you. But very lucky I met you.
miss you rin!!!!
Thank you, I needed that
NEW VIDEO. i honestly think i could love him more
Thank you so much sissy!
Blessed Sunday mga Tuko! Keep safe po
No Thank you !
so blessed.
Let take full rest after this
Welcome to the family, Batch 24
2 feel u should I hate u?
Thin Ice B
U have more to fear than the bottom of the lake
Lost
Fighting iKONICS
Have a great time no swimming taxi for a week for me
Im going to Europe next year! Im speaking it into existence. My soul is already there
THANK YOUUU SO MUCH MUM!!!
Why so pretty my babylove?
forget to watch Goin Bulilit and The Kids Choice tonight!
Be with us on
Great assist GET IN!
Ily
Awww! This dog's joy brings me such happiness!
My sister crazy but I love her
The two cutest boys in the whole
Thank you fo Sharing
I love it
All the best to shreya goparaju
Happy Happy Birthday! Hoping you had a fabulous day filled with love!
Hellooowwddaah
I'm a nasty, psychotic and sociopathic ass bitch.
love your profile pic your biggest fan ily
Allegro
My angel ... baekhyun
So lovey-dovey!!!!!
I miss my Yewook babies so much im cyiinngggg
the hope for the kindness of humanity:
The Maison
I love you so much Ky!
with these amazing people!! loveyouu guys!
never change!
saki mizushima has a lot of wigs bc she stole them (THANK YOU FOR YOUR UWUS SHIRO AAAAAA )
- you seem cool asf & fun to be around , you pretty too hun
I love you too
DaddyD
kristine froseth
Just found out we going to he was gonna surprise me w tickets but everyone started talking about it, lol. Awww
The Hate U Give is a dang good movie
La bebesita
Dear singer & musician !
Happy th Birthday, nice clip
Meow
Another birthday come and gone, spent with all of my favorite people of course!
So I May or May not have been screening your tweets... I pay attention to the oops lol
This is SO good.
Ily and miss you
Was a good night, finally.
well. congrats dear ex happy newly wed, live longer and prosper.
Tonightttttt.
Hay little man thank you for your work today.. keep fighting for the 3 races remain.
missing my nephews and nieces
I love you too.
"We live so far from each other but yet are so close..."
Couldn't help but agree more on this. Love you always babe
the best thing to do to help heal yourself is become spiritual i use religion as an outlet to feel
- you guys have helped me through so much. thank you for always just being yourselves
Bad bunny? JAJAJA te amooooo, noche la de hoy
Thanks, Faith.
I have goals of having no future ambitions then
add yo girl on snap jamielowen4
Lazy sundays, makeup free days.
I love my skin
My last year+ and especially last three months or so, I feel you
RT johannateske: This view though
Te quiero mucho
Thanks hun you too
^ ENDING STAGE FANCAM ^
I CANT BELIEVE RED VELVET WALKED TO the right side to say
Bagong tabas. Cute!
happy birthday
That lingerie. The pose. This composition. 10/10
thanks ate!
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: Youth FOREVER 21 Pink Jacket Girls.
maybe we're not talk everyday, but you're still my thoughts
Huma Qureshi Hot & sexy Photo Gallery
The post Actress Huma Qureshi Hot
I love you baby sorry I beat you in the carving contest again you are so cute
ive movie hangover over best movie of the year for me ..so far arghh nkkgalit.
is da cutest yeeerner
Deep breath. Im better, glad im. 2days munnadi tha fulla breakup panra mudivu eduthen .. single is d best status
I BLAME IT ON YOUR LOVE EVERYTIME I FUCK IT UP
what would an ideal view be from the window of your dream home?? ((ps I hope you had a lovely day)) I
Whenever having a bad day, remember this: I Love U
kani_lymsey
Tsssaaaahhhhhhh...
Erica Fernandes is one strong and lively person. I adore her so much. May she be blessed forever Ameen
You did it too, thanks love. I love u
Mukhang uulan.
"Remembering Sunday" here we gooo
I wanna go probably sold out by now
People should enjoy sexual life without reservation.
Let's follow
Ily my arabella
First Tweet
I wish
Tan linda usted ala
these kitty cats so
and she is a good mimic
S A L E S A L E S A L E S A L E
and BELOW
FOR ORDERS SHIPPING TRANSACTIONS:
We ship
UwU
Darling student with a big heart! Im proud of you Addison!
I appreciate my man so much, beyond lucky to have him
Thank you love
I wait to see you my love!!!
RT if you like the way huge black cock looks in My married mouth. This is from a home fuck. Happy fan
Follow us on Instagram
Download the NEW INTERACTIVE APP TODAY
1st batch done HAHAHAHA
godbless sa mga 2nd batch naming kaklase
AMOOOOOOOOO
Spending time with expensive Motorcycle and cars!
the composers of Mas Mabuti Pa
one of our proudest moments, congratulations
Aww thank you babe
Saranghae..
I agree ,,,,
Text me if you need me
Famiglia
Awesome Pic!
Merci t'es adorable
It's beautiful
Wow so pretty
I liked a video MISSED THIS!!!! | MEET MY BF
If you see the Chinese one for season 2, they got happy ending. And thats what i want for korea as well. Please do the season 2.
I WILL BE HOME IN NOVEMBER AND YOU AND THE BOYS ARE BASICALLY THE FIRST PEOPLE SEEING
Wood is
Love u baby girl
L V E
Thank you baby
I fucks wit Grape Royal
Where at
Updates Coming Soon
My love for offgun is beyond words
sheeems
Haha just come move back to Wisconsin.
Los amo tanto
yay! my fav dancers in one pic!
Tonight was full of so much love and laughter
welcome!! Galing mo we hope to see you sa mga next gig mo!
Oooohh them yummy Apples are my favorites !!!
Don't you just love Apples ?? You'll be more in with Harvest!
not a bad thing girl.
soon with their children
Always
Happy Birthday!
He knows my name
Sana all! pengeng Enrique Gil please!
tears!! I love you sooooo much more
the best - seriously, such a kind gesture
Tweet de apresiacion de la belleza de
Thank you bb
I KNOW RIGHT?? It is!
for a dm
Need friends hehe
the most amazing feeling being married to my best friend.
These earrings are frenchy1981 approved
I see muy future in your eyes
Cant wait for more coords
watching School Road
Good Morning
Congratulations babe
2018 World Champion
Off to St Jude
Thank you so much for your time and passion.
03:03
Yay! Thankies
We love you so much, coach !!!!!
Chrissy , I love you . I tell you enough.
This is major congratulations ladies! Goodluck this season ladies We ready to receive another title!
I'm glad your friend is recovering. They're lucky to have you. DC is no joke. It's the
i called out work to go to my aunts birthday bbq and damn was it worth it .... we smoked our very first blunt together
I love you God Proud To be A Srkian
be okay
I hope my queen KellyClarkson
BITCH I LOVE U SO MUCH THANK YOUUU
Tears
everything is gonna be fine
Masao with fam
On rainy days...baking our pro-pumpkin spice pancakes with some chocolates
Happy bubbas
Streaming let me as much as you can
This masterpiece deserve all the best
for a tbh
handsome, as always
wait to see all the monkeys this wkend
My guys send me music.
thanks
Zion is so f*cking attractive like damn..relax a bit boy
via Instagram Stories.
Ed Sheeran put on the greatest show! The best date night
Great night with my babies
Bascon cakes over calea
Nem Pegamos Chuva kkk '
Minha Novinha '
I Love Fatherly Advice With Daddy Nick Time!! I ReallyNeed to Do This!
Come and get your love
I love your family amazing being loved by them
Two Daniel in irlnow I know u want me dying young
Promise
love wins
I just want to thank God for steering me on to the path I am on.
Prefiero 1000 veces estos amigos
Hours 7bebe
love you
Wallet holders... Did you check to see if you got some LoveHearts?
& for more Videos!
&
Always bro
nothing better than late night conversation with your roomies/besties, i love them
Congratulations Kitch and Pum on the safe arrival of baby Amelia. gorgeous! xx
Walks Into The Woods Mont-Tremblant, Quebec
Thank you!! She has such a sweet and funny personality.
UmUWi KA na BAby
D! N4 Aq San4Y nG W@LA K4
M4HiRap aNG MaG !5a
Two Cuties in Single Frame
Follow
Inquiry iumarajaz
.
.
.
.
.
Amen the explains a got me nervous though
I Love You you was always there for me and the family
I follow back
Love is wishing someone well with or without you.
Cat
Stacey & Shaun wedding ... what a gorgeous day x congratulations and thank you for having me as your florist
Miss
I hope everyone at RT, WDW & Teen Choice Awards has a good day today
aww thank you :)
Good morning you beautiful soul. Good Morninggggg
:)
No problem boo!
Meu amores
From
She's a hero
Minha boca bonitinha af
MC Mingyu & MC Jun fighting for today, I hope you enjoy what you do, just have fun okay
This routine was so much fun! And of course we have done it without you are amazing
Pwede na?
Welcome to the Christian World Baby Z! Mactan Island Golf Club
Damaged yes, but still worth it
This was so lush at game your little one absolutely melts me (also
God Bless you both ...Huggsies
What a disgusting human being! I hope they moved that lady to first class. And much to
Priceless smile with this amazing people love you guys
Eagerly looking forward to
I love this mama
Yes plith GO ATE!!! CHINICHEER KA NAMIN AT NG RED VELVET LABYU
Habadu bebe!! have a blast and God bless you!!
Thank you for replying I'll have a look around at journals and lit mags and see if there are
Will pray for everyone's happiness
Anywhore, I really do love my friends. Like I really do appreciate these bitches and so happy they came into my life
Hope I win Inang Reyna
How I want to be
Kabhi Alvida Naa Kehna Obsessed
Jappa, em Petrolina. Meu sonho eles irem pra the
Happy birthday have a great day, be safe! party too hard I love you
Oui hihi! Merci trop gentil
Je vous aimes
+1
Good night Ilysm
one of my favorite people ever, and i miss you.
much love for u two
Pancakesssss
I follow back
finally
Last year was a complete shit show. This year became a night to remember & one for the books. glad my cousin came & her friend.
..
WINGS ALBUM. BTS. AND TAEHYUNG IS MY BIAS
THANK YOU A LOT FOR THIS GIVEAWAY.
The country's love for surrender with life has been mixed
CTO
BIG HUGS enjoy the time
fromis_9
Ah yes, feet are rather difficult as well... I can only agree
Thank you very much though glad you like this piece!
mine and no one
With The Great, my favorite
One Of The most Dangerous Batsman in Pakistan Cricket history.
Fastest
Good morning dear tweeps nobody sings it like Pavarotti ! BUONGIORNO A TE ! Pavarotti.wmv via
Rest well, my friend. Nya is having a blast
tell me why my friends are so bomb?
Follow all those use in their Tweets
ME lol
A Star is Born was such a good movie. I could watch it over and over! Lady Gaga is amazing
Touchdown.
Yeah it is!
YES EVERYONE ON TWITTER WILL NOW KNOW
"Village People" style!!!
Thank you and I've been blessed by your words!
I lav the beat
hey ;)
THANK YOU ATIQQQ!
God morgon
My boys and I
Idhu chumma
GC is my love'u
"Village People" style!!!
What a lovely idea stick a donation in the box next time in
I feel like KKHH for me is like how DDLJ is for most other people... just so iconic and special to me and my childhood in so many ways
Mix deadass came up to me handed me a dime and said because a
Alive and healthy
G so sorry hang in there love
THIS IS MY FANDOM
Ohhh thank you we are getting there
so incredible! So proud!
Got the one on the right,so beautiful
Thank you!
Ace I'm so glad our 5 boys are together (ik it has been sometime since our dear
Badass couple
I follow back
Happy 17th Year Anniversary cbc Floodway
Baby Dingo Sky just became a member of the family
the new chapter drops in a few days sis
Neva play me
No More Google - Privacy-friendly alternatives to Google products | Product Hunt
Sector A2 Cluster 1
You deserve it great teacher
Really? Omg glad to know that!
How deadly
Was in a bad mood cause of the Lakers game. But the IIconic's Superstar Savepoint on put me in a great mood
My
"Just me love you" Jimin_ah
Ooooooooo we love a supportive sister
Very Very Excited to se this trio Today Have a Good Day
I love you whole heartedly
Wishing you all a fantastic Sunday!
Bloody Crayons
Israel was and still is in my heart Now, living in TLV and I must ask you, come visit the true
short message mo mag "" nito?
Can't get the new Waiting for Tomorrow out of my head. Beautiful song and video. Go
Happy Birthday Otunba Coffee
God bless you plenty Man
wow officially my new iPhone wallpaper for the foreseeable future
Bless my lesbian heart
The neighborhood
Are you in love right now? Yes, with writing. As always.
You're so wonderful
Sweet Jesus
MOLWENI
Big bank, bitch, no ones
And so the lion fell in love with the lamb
What a ham our is. Gotta him!
Yung future F.A please!
Your welcome
you are so beautiful ily
GAROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
8 days left | in Thailand
with
.
.
.
don't wanna know...
if you're looking
sunkissed is
Love you Indy!
i rewatch lyft video every single day and shed tears because i wish it was me. but i know god got me. im
It truly takes a village, we humans can learn so much from this -
Go Tua. I now live in Hawaii. I him. a good man
Good Morning Friends
Have a fantastic
Vi star is horita y ya el playlist
lmfaoo tonight was honestly amazing
If you're a GIRL, follow JustFlickr!
First Row - Straight To You (Ft. VonDon & Kee Riche$) (Official Music Vi... via
my bf I can't imagine living a happy life without you being a part of it
Carter III
Those brows
Good morning and a very happy birthday to with 6 years of Which brings so
I will start my new universe, my new home that will be call us.
Jen 4/4
happy birthday unnie
tera rashta chodu na
sameer blocking naina's way
|
Hey to all my TeamPwnage_Live is now streaming Assassin's Creed Odyssey stop by and show some
Wow! Humbling
And a good evening to you!
I had an amazing time and glad I met these people in the theater program
I will stay with you always
Thankful for friends who made senior year of homecoming so much fun!
Amazing women!! It is such an honor sharing the ice with the as an
Way to
- 2018.
Brawo Brawo Campione You are THE KING
Had an amazing night with babes family
everyone i made a youtube and sawyerlmao! please go follow and stream everyday. the grind starts now :))
I milk; organic, whole, 1%, 2%, raw, nesquick, promised land, HEB brand, Borden, great value,
Too cute to handle!!!
thru a tbh
Thank you meg ily
Thank you Cristina, we appreciate your well wishes and prayers
Hey look what did !!! She also promotes z around NYC every chance she gets
Domoooo is tooooo cute I hope nothing but happiness for this amazing woman
Follow me on IG >> kereyondeseray
Te quiero mucho ;(
so thankful for my son, i love him sm
2 days left!!!
250000 LoveHearts will be given away
o analista hj
7 pounds 8 Ounces & 20 inches for princess
Morning
Iconic duo
Happy Birthday More Life More Blessings
goodmorning
Oh my this is the sweetest.
Thank you Lord
Last night when looked amazingly beautiful n enjoyed with her dear n loved ones
gosh i love my boyfriend so much
HELLO ARGENTINA
know good she really came right to me
My precious
Omg love it sissy another perfect edit
Hoco 2k18
Eu e Xandy mesq
Aww this is so cute
Another sleepy head
q brotinho vc awnn bb
listen to my heartbeat playin' like your favorite song
CATS
mars in pisces, venus in aries
The opposite of fear is love
Garth Brooks will forever have my heart
Seyyyyyyyyy
My favorite sweater
O que... Ahhhhhhtecreas, lo acepto, pues piur lob
Happy wedding anniversary to both of you
Thank you so much darling
ABORBINHA
Hey look what did !!! She also promotes z around NYC every chance she gets d
My son he loves super wings
congrats
'
....
I'll always stay
Inside your
Pangga..we will
Create a life
Together..forever
Hey, guys am new to twitter! roblox its cool for you need follow my profile twitter or Roblox.
she makes it so easy to fall for her
no cuentas
HOW IS HE THIS ETHEREAL????????
I'm still amazed with Jongin's beauty everytime. He's so unreal.
Joonyoung and Nayoung (Gugudan) on Salty Tour ep 47 in Bali this guy
Repsol Honda is a family
Marc jumps into his crew as he celebrates another World Title.
aww thank you so much
Halloween is just so near ! red
Melhor turma
Love
Game is the game. Fair and square.
Omg Thats so cute.. Congratulations ..
Fav song at the end of My October
I really do love you so much namjoon thank you so much for your amazing and touching music! Please keep smiling
I love ADN!
Oshaburi Announcer.Ep1
Amazing
Scream should be seen in theaters.
*glare*
*pout*
Been reading it again yay! MHIAMB feels
WE SUPPOSED TO BE IN IT AINT NO BREAKING UP
rica
arceo
hehehe
Parentals hahaha
These guys
after n months kumpleto na naman kami
Omg why followed me haha thank you
Flew 16 hours around the world for Chii-tan
so happy with jay
You are right, Jena. Thanks for reminding me and many others about that.
Yaaassss may Dobby and everyone who's going have twice the fun for me. Congrats y'all be safe
These two
En casa cuando te vere
pink me
so lucky.
:,)
When the night changes
100% LEGIT GIVEWAY OLD ACCOUNT
TO WIN IM CHOOSE 5PEOPLES:
-#RT THIS AND LIKE
-CHOOSE 1 FRIEND
-
i have another
I MISSED YOU TOO BUB
Aww happy 1 year to your 1st solo album
My fave track is still Flicker
That satisfying moment when you at least get a day of one of your outfit completed
Finally! Some value I can actually eat today
twinning!! ang cucute eh
Such a cutie
That gif
I love you guys so much
is now live
Thank you guys for being there! I love you
still cheering you on big guy
I swear this weekend has been everything
Ncoooh
have fun today
you
My sweet escape, I want you stay
Te amoooo tontis
This thread
is here right now
bitch, my heart
all pretty greatful to have you. Thank you for all you do personally and professionally.
Hold me in your Arms!
And hide me in your
I dare you to post on IG one of these
Hoco 2k18
Love you sis!!
Night
The shorter the hair, the harder they stare.
Spending time with him is the best
weird how we will always try and fight their help. But once actually done it we feel so grateful
I know
I love you more
As Uncle Jesse would say..."Jacquie, have mercy!" (23 Photos)
With the fam
Me voy a dormir con este bebe
Everybody knows this is me and
Thanks Dr. God bless you
Happy birthday to my bff
awww main reason why i love limelights tbh
Watching Coco
Wow . . . A King was born today
Everything
The one where Rachel has a baby.
S08E23.
Kontento na ko kung anong meron ako the best ka Lord promise! I'm not deserving but Your love gives exception haaay
Yesterday just wasnt my day.. today will be
Always a blast with them shellyfinley mslindatapp
Craving keleguen and my man just started the fiyah. Ya girl got a keepa
is
going to visit my old job and seeing all my old coworkers, made me miss them just not the place lol
You are worthy
I love this video SO much I am so proud that you are getting your life together. Upload more
I am 4 followers off 600 and only 54 off hitting my October goal! Thank you to all my new followers
Does
I this planet so much.
so grateful to have been brought up in a lovely family
finally resting
miss out this November in Egypt
Very aesthetically pleasing
Happy Birthday Kat Thank you sa pa buffet ni mayor Lol Yakimix Japanese Resto Mall of Asia
But I
now watching HP1 and eating ice cream
goodluck maagap boys!! manalo matalo, d'best padin kayo
senpai
Fight On!
Saranghae
And this THE TAGAYTAY THING We've been waiting for it
Hi just a daily reminder that I love you and hope you have an awesome day awwwww thank youi am sort of
Senior Homecoming
It hurts like hell now but we will remember this one next year. I am so proud of you. All of you girls. you
Plz cheer up !
not crying
Favorite song off the album
< 20 days to SPM !! I wish you all the best batch !
i'll wait. i'll wait for you forever
body is away from me but there is a window open from my heart to
Just wanted to say thank you for all the birthday wishes guys :}
Buongiornoooooo Amor, buongiorno Kim!!!
my beautiful boy killing it on stage as usual
Coining the term Booty Scoop is my proudest achievement in life (33 photos)
Amor y perdurable de Dios
Siempre vuelve...
You are my favourite human and you are a stunner
naraid66
always remind him Allah awalys be with you babe dont worry just work for it babe
Thanks, sis. Happy Sunday to you too
Morning
Excited for 2019!
Cannot Wait!
How BigBang was introduced to me
Beautiful
Awwwn....thanks for always having my back
Red for fire and blue for water
Good night, Ricky
Im waiting for the DVD I want to see it already
As long as you enjoy it, the results will never matter
Leadership...
Managing people is always a tough job. Different personalities, different references in life and
Lost without you
Dragon Ball Super YOKA YOKA DANCE Ending 5 ... via
Holy shit! Tonight was great! thank you for the amazing raids and love you guys
two things ion play about ; that brother of mine and that baby of mine
Christopher Dimba taking a today will rehydrate himself with 100plus during his daily jogging 100plusmauritius
Thank you so much for dis article
Thanks p!
Ladies and germs, our one and only
Tan inefable
Feliz a ti
EUNICE watching ASAPOFFICIAL
Good morning
Have a lovely, lazy Sunday
Thanks Vicky God bless you
I've said this before and I will say it again, I follow the most beautiful women on this app
| e hoje noite no em Los Angeles,CA.
This sounds delicious. I bread pudding.
Congrats!
We all bloody are..some just admit it out loud or to their inner self much love
Yeeeees May dear
This is My Last Relationship
You deserve all the praise and I agree, I doubt we will get such thing but I will hope and
I wont put your heart away, I'll put your heart in a safe
Being called baby girl does something to my heart and my vagina
Saying I love you
Is not the words I want to hear from you
not that I want you
Not to say, but if you
Ahahhaha. Iloveyou Bebs as a friend
Me: *Tipsy and horny af*
Bf: Babe look at these new cute undies I bought!
Me:
what we like to hear boo, proud cuzzo
wait to surprise him tomorrow
Told yah. He really look like lily james. Mygosh my heart talaga
Hope everyone has a blessed day
My captain
Beauty of Pakistan
Thankyou for this GA
In starting he is a zero but know he is a hero nd am zero because he my hero... Exited for the ZERO
.
.
.
Happy Sunday
I love you sirs
I
First Born
Support natin sila guys!
I'm strong enough to tolerate any pain. But I can't tolerate losing my best friend
-Mention ur buddy
And both of them are on my fantasy team
isa ka pa thea huhuhu hmp HAHHAHA THANK U
actually, a great . had them, before. really good!!
please and rt, thank you!!!
Sunday is a Family Bonding
Sunday is Love
If you're reading this have a blessed Sunday
of course! i love christmas
I can see you in my afterlife!!
Hahaha...
I just love Tito reaction...
So pure... so appreciative...
In starting he is a zero but know he is a hero nd am zero because he my hero... Exited for the ZERO
.
.
.
You are the cutest ever
Te amo tanto
he asked me to stand up and give him a big hug
Boss Mi....God bless you sir
I want a relationship
only get one mama my favorite girl
cute we stan
It will be fun to share a bucket list item with you!
cute we stan
In starting he is a zero but know he is a hero nd am zero because he my hero... Exited for the ZERO
.
.
.
I liked a video Do Kyung Soo Nam Ji Hyun ~ ONE KISS // Hundred Days Husband / 100 Days My
gente
Hey look what did !!! She also promotes z around NYC every chance she gets
uuu dapet flying kiss dari cecan
Classic track blows my mind with every listen. Still my favourite Metallica album. Battery gets me every Time too
Dont be loser tita. U re too precious to be hurt.. wake up and see the world beautifully
It was so emotional
new eyeglasses on thurs
Sunday worship service done. Thanks G.
Ugaok pangalan HAHAHAHA
So proud of this guy right here you are doing incredible things hoochie. I love you!
Saaammmeee I squeal each time. They are so in love
Oral Creampie / CIM Compilation
Happy wedding Put
free. Be
.
Adding some good vibes featuring these two irresistible ahjussi to my bags
.
Much
naraid66
1d@b%wuspm$v
Red Team Proclamation Party
York bound, day trip,
Thank you so much to Lisa Broderick who is another New Friend on Twitter! I hope you enjoy my Tweets
GOSTOSA PRINCESA BEIJOS
Happy Birthday to the Ultimate Showgirl, Ms. Vina Morales!
Thanks bud!
Thread on Pilo Hilbay. This one shows his support for LGBT.
Tagging you
Charmaine looks beautiful. I love Veils by Lily.
So lucky to be married to my best friend
revamp for
rt/fav appreciated
hd:
This
look what did !!! She also promotes z around NYC every chance she gets
Good morning Kitty
Yasssss
ever stop doing what you love
right, you deserve more!
Thanx a lot fam
I needed this so bad
Today's reminder:
Our recipe for smiles: Almonds, Chocolate and a lot of love
.
.
Praying for you!
Proud of you
nice to know ppl are watching out for my donut eating habits. Love
I got my shorty through whatever
lol nahh, my baby
Let's love one another
Legendary Soul
the
I'm stalking your profile long ago but too shy to say hi :( I bite
Whole crew yall true
thank you my hunny
2013 I love and miss you . My only love
You make hard times easier. Thank you for tonight bubby, the greatest.
Mood.
as an aspiring educator, this means so much
Do you know how to give and receive love? Attend this training and discover how to motivate your partner
-
please like this post
RIGHT? ;;;; THERE WAS ALSO A LITTLE ONER GIRL AT THEIR SHANGHAI FANSIGN TOO ;;
J3B M3 RAKHN3
KI CHIZ NAHI HAI....
AUR INDIAN BOLN3 SE KOII INDIAN NAHI HOTA....
INDIA DIL M3 HONA
On/offline raw
Love gives meaning to life
Our recipe for smiles: Almonds, Chocolate and a lot of love
.
.
Stitch
FOLLOW
& GAIN 100+Fast!
rinsy and marc in podium
My mama rich , but she make stuff happen .... shoutout to her
Domes noruz- what a gorgeous boutique hotel to stay at
Thank you love
Mah hart
11:11 follow
To late now
I will cuz thank you
wow my heart
Mi Compa H, I love you dad
Yay congratulations
A recent post made by Deepika.
Hey look what did !!! She also promotes z around NYC every chance she gets can you
Aww thanks
one year ago i was partyinnggg, 2 years ago i was with my ex boyfriendddd and tonight in my bed watching netflix, what a life
I Stan and I and fast car only
Missed taking pics of her, so you guys get my sexy Au Ra, looking as good as ever
I'm not okay but I just unfriended someone who made me feel like shit about myself so I'm doing better!
Awww some great pictures there, we miss him too, xxx
Chequen esta noticia , puro amoooooor
Ldr days. I love you so much too!
I ask myself that every day. It's a great feeling to truly love your partner.
I love my grandmother so much!
Parents are the best
I believe in u, maraboo! Make yo momma & poppa proud
Halllow
good morning
Glad to have you in my life and please stay forever. You're mine and I'm yours
happy birthday po, ate thea!! god bless you po
iKONICS, my friend who's an EXO-L needs our help! Let's help her and let her see EXO in the red carpet
Beautiful pic
Lol im going through it fam. But thank you ily
Thank you! Love and miss you hoe
Thank you sam_ve_gains this was one of my favourite moments from this year.
11:11
Oh, thank you very much!! I will wait then
If you want any help on translating, please feel free to
Beautiful Hatice and Jamal, two beautiful souls in love together as one. I'm sorry for your
It's so gorgeous. I can't take my eyes off it
Loveee youuuuu shorty !!!
Zippy has such a beautiful face
Hey fave
Today is dedicated to allowing my body to rest... Take care of your vessel
Big congrats to you and team
Uwu bangetsi
11:11 wishing happiness for everyone
RYX Skincerity GLOW BAR!
Available na NEXT WEEK!
Only
Open for more Active Resellers.
Pm is the
look what did !!! She also promotes z around NYC every chance she gets can you
I like this thinking about different narratives and construction. Also big for Medieval Minds and Medieval
Sundate with SIAs welcome back ma and pa from your Eurotrip at Duty Free Philippines
Amo tu
Valentine
This year you're mine quirklessphan!
And you, whom will be yours?
Happy Sunday Seemab
This pic , paah...
Thank youu!
the accuracy of the second one
Finally home with sir Yu.
ingat sa byahe! Hahahaha
im so proud of you guys!!! i love you to bits anD OFC, YOU AS WELL congrats on
Hit 1,200 Subscribers With 45 viewers
Hope my future husband if he exists is having an excellent day or night and he feels loved
Omg thank you geology queen
Again sorry if that came off rude I promise it meant to be rude
sunday service with grace, xet, arnel and vanhart. yaaay!! praise God
I never felt special before reading this
Love Birds Clicked Together
Prince Harry with his wife Mehgan
Follow
Inquiry iumarajaz
.
.
.
4 hour stream.. wow
Thanks so much for showing up everyone :) I appreciate all the support!
Please like and retweet naman po Task lang po
I wanted to be angry but drunken apologies are so cute. I'm just happy that he made it home
This the type of energy been looking for te amo mamas
Night biking with
I miss you more, noona.
How have you been?
RED
FB / RT
HALLLLOOOOOOOO
.
Rock Solid is a friend of mine
Good morning
I love you too, my beautiful Lillian!
Lmao
APINK X LOONA
\ /
Fresh
omg this makes me so warm i'm so happy she's happy :,)
sooo proud of my
Happy birthday to my beautiful Hannah. My sister Hope you have the best day you really deserve it. Thank you
11. Rooftop date with a bottle of wine and finger foods while reminiscing and talking about ur plans for the future
We love you,
Seeing you happy is amazing after all you have been through.
We love you too, dear
kavc ang lablab
Okay, it's time to do the report ng nga goons
Good morning have a lovely day
pic cr: Baruns Diwani
My sis is finer than yours
Love you strong lady
Lost of love you Dear. HOw r u ?
la mas
I love her and this character so much!
Best friend + best bandi + teacher
I Lipsy underwear
looking for a honest and loyal sugar baby
I adore you too baby!
That's basically all my Spanish skills
learn to love yourself first
Division 1!!
So proud of you my son attending UIL 76th annual pigskin jubilee marching contest at Tom Landry
That means a lot to me, thank you gonna join again for Dapper Day right??
Like wow
Love you
Goodnight my friend.
en la CDMX cada segundo!
Miss you too
Yes! They would make a cute couple.
TE AMOOO
Yey!Finally with
Ms.
Morning calls
Tampa and i met my wife
Always in my thoughts
going to sleep na. Firts night in our new house! Thank you for all the blessings God!
Welcome
come to Corpus!
I miss us 4
buje_family
I LOVE THIS PHOTO...I try to recreate the same scence of the movie and I enjoy the
Eu amooooo
Happy bday
Had the most amazing laughs in forever love man
Thank you, dear.
wish me good luck
thank you kez! love & miss you always
WOW!
thanks
Ouch,
I love you
Wow,
I love you
Oh... fuck,
I still love you
Black Leopard
Hadoooooooooooooo
HAPPY 18TH BIRTHDAY TO MY BESTEST FRIEND IN THE WORLD I love you sososososo much and I hope your day is full
Mf was only irreplaceable because I gave u the power to think that
This story shows Pilo (@fthilbay) support to LGBT causes. Tagging you Niccolo & Rhadem.
i love how he says,
ra lagi ta dira
My favorite EXO song is ELDORADO
going to sleep na. First night in our new house! Thank you for all the blessings God!
/ |
/ /
/
/_/
Do you see what I see
I wish I could spend everyday with my friends. They mean the world to me
Sending you birthday wishes Moti May you always be the multi-talented & positive person
I requested to telecast hope they listen.. I want to see my Samrat Gunjan again
CT
Khadija(RA)
wait to see my boys perform again this afternoon
this thread :((
reminded me of my bromance
So this is where the fight started. Wow
One of my favorite EXO songs is Peter Pan!
Salamat sa pag support and CONGRATS SA ATOA GIRLS!!! I LOVE YOU ALL
More great retro Supermarkets...
A&P
Piggly Wiggly
Publix
love you more friend
Bobrisky is the perfect example of rise by lifting Such a kind woman
You should get your self a friend who send you such messages when their not coming along
Mi crush
I need something to play on.
the more you give, the more you get
He fills me up
PLEASE HELP ME TO GET MORE LIKES! I'M REALLY DESPERATE TO WIN AN ALBUM & KONBAT! THANKYOUUU
Nojento
Kimmy and Robi
Amen Lilly. God bless you for me
Billie Eilish is my fucking heart
Love it
Happy Birthday beautiful angel!
karley brought me cereal
Buddy An existing product with satisfied customers
New opportunities are always of interest. Do not
aile beraber
Happy Sunday! So many episodes to get through this morning! The best way to start the day!
C I T E
Rise your head we are with you
Dad and squad
Thanks, God bless you
whshtne
love this
How is this much talent really out there ?????????????
If all moms could do this , things could be grand
Thing is, BART, so it could very easily be a bad reason.
(Sorry BART, I you but you
U tekan lamaaa button record nanti dia pop out mcm ni u turn on mic bawah tuu done
2 years, 2 months, 22 days
nice seeing a lot of familiar and new faces last night!!!!! ang cute niyo tweet/send me pics pls
Ohhh very stylish love it !!
A grateful heart God
May her soul rest in peace. Strength to you and your family
Tonight my baby spoiled me This ring means so much and the card brought me to tears an always thing
I have nothing but for you!
You've got this! And if not you've got a lot of people who will have your back
Thanks Na For Producing Pakka Good Commercial Film Best Wishes
Slow down, recharge and regroup
Jgh
Hourly Jonathan
The feeling of knowing your about to see your girl and get there fast enough. Boy.... I only have that
When mentioned depression & anxiety.
in a better place
Your love keeps me going the most
got a very much needed phone call tonight.
When a guy sees how you love your self, he will love you the same, no less! Goodnight
Thank you for sharing oh my. So lucky to have seen these fellows TWICE. Literal
so much love
Story by
Thank you for sharing
thankyousomuchhhhh!
Let's be together forever, always, infinity and beyond.
Aww sorry
God brung him back to me for a reason.
tu es beau.
she really deserves it
Happy Birthday to this incredible man
Spent community day in the car, traversing through every pokestop rich spot in Manila
I feel like he is staring into my soul...
Silver isn't bad at all. You guys were my motivation, i love you so much !
Love you for that, mate.
Happy Sunday folks
go to church, shall we
Have a blessed day
rt +
Thanks. God bless you
Thanks love
random thought but i find it really touching that username on twitter is his stage name which he debuted with, LAY
Thank you everyone who joined me tonight. I had a really great time hanging out with you all. Gonna try to
Sooooo nice to meet you po
a guy gave me a $20 tip today at work & came back just to make sure i closed the receipt out & got my tip
Congratulations bestie I love you so much and it makes me so happy you're happy! Forever team Amber
AAAA maravilhoso
Happy Birthday cuz
And now i know, real, oh love
Guess who came home
You have my heart.
Chillin'
Love this kid
This picture is it all. in the zone and smiling like a proud older brother
girlfriend is a Gumiho
Netflix
The father of my child is perfect. Honestly. He is so incredible
So called shot
P.c : candigrapher
Tanx dude asaltaravind97
Ayushman deserves this
The Married Couples Fellowship!
if u want to watch the vid in better quality
good night. today was a great day alexa and sarah met harry
Panoorin nyo black cloveeerr!!!
Hey .... how are you?
too sweet. ily
Do what you gotta do nick
See leg
amei essa foto, slc
I'm genuinely so happy for my cousin. She's held it on her own since time and is growing to become a beautiful woman.
Give us a chance too
- so cute! We really talk but everytime I see you we speak and you seem so sweet
JAJAJAJA
mine
Happiness is only possible with true love. True love has the power to heal
wait to get a Dog this Holiday season
Really. Really
4 years today
Sabtu bersama
Novo video en su canal
Thanks the shots in the music video are amazingly artistic so full of
My dry lips and I thank you both!
Gresham, Oregon
Hey goofballs
Judging by my sleeping pattern being in ALASKA and my body being in EUROPE my for
"A very emotional read..."
.
13. when the guy smells so nice and manly anddd i am so i love with biceps
The family! Nothing but love great show tonight San Jose, California
was AMAZING!! Irresponsible Tour in Houston!! You never fail to bring such great show
Monday come fast
Here you go.
please
Yiiieee craving satisfied
chill music, chill heart
Nice community day
hays ILY
is love
happy birthday to one of the most incredible person i know !! i hope you have a wonderful one
Me too
Pehle se hi he loves her so much nehi to how can anyone give the whole to otherone nd am seeing this fr
BUT MY DAD LOOK AT MY POPPS
Ur most beautiful curve is still your Smile
Zero already wins audience Heart now time for trailer and Movie
12 days to Trailer
Museum of Ice Cream, pumpkin patch & six flags with my baby
Glad to see you made it safely!
Blessed
mimialeblanc
Do you love it ?
.
.
Woooooow milf
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Annie!
Watch na this Sunday!
Good morning from my beautiful heart gmalek princess love uu so much
Happy birthday such a sweetie. I wish you happiness and fulfillment in your life. Have a good one
Alhamdulillah for every blessing
Santa no soy
Very nice~
You deserve a friend that loves you always and not only when convenient
Extra thankful for tonight
We hope it is a wonderful family born
Ojo Oluwadamilola is an amazing girl. I love her so much!
My lovely
12 hours of sleep
For sure
Lee Min Ho
The Heirs Official Still Cuts
October 21.2013
A Five Year ago
Assistindo "junto" com a melhor pessoa ever
Omg wow love this
I am way to obsessed with
an East Atlanta Love Letter, who gon love better, nobody because i said so and my words hit like a
Happy Birthdaay beeth!!
Thank you
Someone juice me to 200 followers
Oh and look at my friends hairline
thank you soooooo much God bless rin!!
Verily indeed
sweetest dreams xo
Thanks
the true gentleman after anna is our anna... will proud of anna
thank you Lord
Mad love for the squad, these fools keep me grounded
The Walking Dead S09 / The Flash S05
For
2018 MGA 'IDOLCHAMP Global Popularity Award' Voting
Miss u too baboy
girl ever lose it thank you
Mi hermoso
Su cerquillo me mata
But I can't help falling in love with you
sunday is family day
Hyojin perfect
"
you did fucking great in SF tonight love your energy
Bikin ff nder
Luna really be out here like
/ \
/ \
I will always love you.
Without you..... just a sad song
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Amber!
Bereh. Tq tira
Looking forward to it
like , Comment and tag friends Follow: _ufcnews_ Credit: ufcrussia 9
Please come back again soon
Good Morning my Dear Friends
With The Great, my favorite
One Of The most Dangerous Batsman in Pakistan Cricket history.
Fastest
.
Pomegranate
.
Watercolor, Oil Pastel on Paper
.
.
.
Congrats!! I LOVE your podcast!!
We are close to 10M!
Thank you love
19 October 2018
I lost a friend and a lover.
May your soul rest in peace Sdumza
I will always love you
Money well spent
so excited for this!!! im proud of you
This was my break up song. This shit built back up. Thank you Bey
Part of our SRFC family for life
You should be glad i you the same way I and accept terrible college football
for a tbh
Thank you. Salute.
Yes I would
Minho
me that UWU
Almost 6 years of being together, including 1 year of marriage
Chef Lesbians Are Neat
Gudluck espiyem didi
Miss my beautiful bestfriend. See you soon nana
Autumm Boy, Kim Kai
this tweet to send me spiritual gay cuddles and help me sleep after a long day of work. :)
you're far away from me but still closer than anyone
Oh Lord, your love is the greatest love of all
look what did !!! She also promotes z around NYC every chance she gets can you
Pink me
Bonne chance. I know you can do it
A new bud called Lalo!
We found them cuddling in The Icy Forests!
Jemmmmmm pafollow back huhuhu labyuuuuu guyssssssss pushhh pa natin
Thank you for availing 2 months spotify premium
- NTFLXSPTFY
It was lovely to meet you, thank you for coming to visit us here at Hall Farm
You have any idea how much missed you!
The way I talk about you to my friends
I think there is no difference between the two ...They are a single nation
Sunday is room cleaning day
Hoping to win this giveaways. Thankyou so much Goodluck everyone. Godbless
Love this idea
Kelan po to at para saan?
This man is too bloody pure
Hey look what did !!! She also promotes z around NYC every chance she gets can you
I Love You
I love her so much
13. Thighs. I fucking love thighs
Wahhh
happi birthday colette!! miss na kita ingat always lablab
Aww this makes my heart happy
Definitely Patti, Inside and out
TY to the Tweeters who used my code for cheap in London Enjoy your unbelievable I have share
14by8inches: Large boobs & babes - Over 2,500 likes/reblogs and 100 new followers a day! Follow...
but anyways, today is a special day!!! im beyond proud of you boys and i am proud to say hat i am a
If anyone is interested selling some clothes on poshmark!!!! Dm me for more details
Meu amo
Ralen loves the kids.I have nothing but love it was nice to know you & your mom follow me on IG & I met you on
How embarrassing ... for you Well it looks
It's a Sunday
Like
Retweet
Stay blessed
Happy birthday my baby thank you for being you! Wande and I loooove you!
Hey look what did !!! She also promotes z around NYC every chance she gets can you
You got this girlfriend. She loves you unconditionally, no matter what. here for ya. YOU DO YOU AND BE PROUD OF IT
Absolutely, thank You
BE HAPPY. Not because everything is perfect, but because you choose to focus on the perfect moments.
14by8inches: Large boobs & babes - Over 2,500 likes/reblogs and 100 new followers a day! Follow...
Beautiful!
Once again Love agyotu nim mele sir .. loved ur looks , style n ur voiceeeeee ... Over all
Amazing talent it.
Do you remember when you joined Twitter? I do!
Thanks to all my followers for following me
Lovely pic Tone
O. You ! Beautyfull women. With no tits of brain. I like it when i do somthing like this.
...and he's faithful
vmin will always be my favourite friendship
The collaboration we never knew we needed.
thank you
Always too old to be reckless )
And that is enough for me
Pepijnreal222
Under your eyes and the city lights. Under your eyes and the city lights
Never fail to impress me
Thank you nkgonne
That someone I never expect to fall for
Thank you
Cherish the moments
Thank you so much
he's so cuteeeeeee
Please add my WhatsApp number thanks Kiss
Welcomesss
I really love this photo
Thanks for getting some of that booty grab!
I really love this
!!!! ~
Every time I listen to by my nana comes to mind. Te mi Angel
PTI camp at NA247 Karachi
gonna take this as a compliment because cute and ik you mean cute
Gosh I havent seen that Andre picture in a while. He made me so proud to be a Texan fan.
I always pray that my parents are always safe
mom and dad
Do you remember when you joined Twitter?
I do
Karaoke night / beer night / chess night / anniversary night celebration with my favorite person insidedan
Gassing me up
Woah! That's a great version of that Gif
Most beautiful smile
Mary Ann Florendo
Cedrick! we need a drink
Thank you so much
I love my family
I bet that cake SMASHED you hear me!!! Your dad is amazing
Oh my word I LOVE these pics! So proud of you in every way
Happppyyyyy Birthdayyyyyy!
What would I have ever done without your videos?
They play a major
hands going...low
Thanks po for these photos More to come
Thank you!!
See you after 5 or 6 months baby
talk about this
Galby Amal!! I love you more
so glad. Even though I miss working with you.
6 months
My Khoobsurat Chand
thanks dad
There are people who are using the fact that I no longer thread often as a reason to not let me write aka pay me
love I vote rookie of the year!!! play like a class!
We Fancy! Justin just had to try a little bit of everything. Amazing dinner babe, I love you. eating
Love this
I'm sorry this happened to you.
Happy Birthday my love
My idol
Congrats I love sorry not sorry and stone cold.
Finally !!! I'm happy for them
Keith's just happy to see you on.
This Coy got our twitter back boys !
Jessica's 18th Birthday
Going to a show always picks me up and makes me stretch and grow. Going to an show makes me flower. Thanks guys!
The best!
Just got off the phone w bae, goodnight
Awe thank you
Today I was given one of the loveliest things ever. Simply perfect
Absolute purrfection!
It was a loooooooooooong but healthy night for heart and vascular health!
Looking forward to a Sunday off!
To anyone that needs this; keep going
You are already perfect
Wifey sleep. playing the game. Kevin Gates concert tomorrow. Shit aight
thank u pogi!!
Proud of u
when it comes to no limits!!! ppl understand how much I love him
Baby
wait to see them Nov 11th
Good Morning!
my boo
Thank you
my mf bestfriend bitch
cute date idea
This is so precious! I adore elephants
Congratulations
DAAAAAMN GUURL
RUSSIA LOVES YOU
Awesome post
Thank you Baks The best ang roadtrip at inuman
To be young and in love
Your happy smile your loving face
isa sya sa dahilan why buo sila after all the fame and years together. cute kaayo sya sis basta sa
Appreciation post for my girl, I love you.
Everytime I see you I fall inlove all over again.
GREAT!!
Mark 10:8
Truly my other half
Happy 18th Anniversary
lovely couple
wish you a happy life..
best couple
hope lala n bhabi like my
I did miss my friend
Waiting to see dancing to dandiya tunes she is looking so pretty in this Indian outfit
Sam sweetheart Sorry was already sleeping let's continue with the group
Thanks to all of you that stopped by the surprise stream tonight. Love you guys!
Abegi. Mou has won us two trophies. If he likes let us finish 15th, we still love him
U look beautiful.
Yung tawa mo talaga eh priceless -Fumiya Sankai-
Thanks baby
Labannnnn, lng....
Walang iwanan, merong uwian.
Egg pie and ice cream
I love you Tyler if she say it I will
Talking to God cos He always listens.
Ohh.. It's so sad news .
I missed Leo Messi
Esther Perez is now following me on Twitter!
Thanks
So my new shows: America to Me And Warriors at Liberty City
My beautiful wife.
GypsyBar
Green Nut! And sea Mount
Thanks sa retweet love you super.
Gooooo! Jthreeeee!
A day to remember
Thinking about you
Favs
Positive vibes only!
phir b ..But Finale Main Dipika Because Sab Ko Chance milna chiy
Congrats on championship number 7 proud of you and
Our photographer is back
do you have a creator link? trynna support you!
Love can change you
QUEEN
Enjoying how Blessed my life is at Pantai Pasir Perawan - Pari Island, Kepulauan Seribu.
Middle Earth yet again
Ah! Thank you for coming
we you
Give this a listen
Every like and RT is a win for new music
Do your part!
Love new music
Welcome my Friend
Cousin Love
Now watching 'The Notebook' with tas iyak sya nang iyak right now HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA di na
Two player packs
I'm really enjoying it
iKON~ I really want to see on 11/11 but I have no ticket pa! huhu
DIOS REAL? WENDY? MUSHASHA?
Wow!
from
Lauv- I met you when I was 18. (FULL PLAYLIST)
aaaa i've never felt so alive
Sa totoo lang teh. Ikaw best president para sa akin. Thank you for all your efforts! Bro dude pare! I'm like
13:13 (-6)
This
happy birthday bebe ilysm
These freaking memories
I love this fandom with all my heart.
i still love you lil head
Let Love Rule the world
My first korean love . Mi primer amor coreano
happy pill as always miss youuuuu so much fam!!
my forever and always kakampi
praying for you my love
My heart!
yes yes yes the best.
definitely worth waiting in line for 6 hours, the energy was so crazy. unforgettable.
You kissing my hand. I swear it feels like heaven.
Bang with local girls at
big porn colombiana jeans mercedez naruto xxx
Waiting for to be part of this. Will do everything to attend the event
Ae lou
Daniyal should be declared as PHOTOGRAPHER of Ahad
What a
Nw: Harry Potter Goblet of Fire.
K K now & forever
Awww wait to see u too!
Photoshoot
.
.
mayrariarty
This is why we You can now receive 50p off your hot drink if you bring your own reusable cup to
those red stoplight kisses
Almost 40 Jongin fansites were there! Thank you for staying with Jongin
Mon copain et moi, je t'aime.
The little things
Christmas is right around the corner. What do you wish for ? I have my wish
Oh no so sorry babe :( sending you a big hug and lots of love
first with 18.
wait till we all link
ABD on MSD
" Look at his record. He is a great player. I would even play 80 years MS Dhoni in my team "
Sis
and RT
A heart-touching moment
Goodnight bby
Iti, quero magina, amor
You can do it!! Stay calm
Lb My Bestest All We Do Is Luagh Ab Everything I Am Him. He Is Me
I love you so much & im so proud of you wishing you the best for it already seems so interesting
Byeongkwan you have the prettiest eyes I miss you my cuddly bear
Had one of the best nights of my life thanks to this man right here
Describe in one Sentence. Who can do this!!!! If you can so Comment below!!!!!
love you too
More Than This
Omg u look so good so jealous!! Lmao
VCS PENSARAM Q EU N IA REBOLAR MINHA BUNDA HJ?????
Super smooth!! Love u chahi since day one!
happy happy birthday, i love you, bestie!
They all look lit. I'm so done! Congrats boys!
bless the Lord ohhhh my soul
i love both
yogi :( dw bub you'll see them in the future, i hope you feel better
love your tweets
RT this for the one time
this is a lush photo both x
Kid Cudi - Day and Night
You deserve whatever it takes to make you happy
Am I gonna hear Game of Questions live? I hope so...
Last night
62 years ago in a galaxy not so far away a star was born.
Nice to meet you!
team
The Hate you give was good
good terms or not , lord watch over the ones I love
Good night to all those faithful kings
sunshines oof
smoldinopup: Princess Roo
CLICK
Happy Birthday girl hope you had an amazing day with all your loved ones
To my first team:
Love y'all always. See u soon. God bless
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Alexandra!
The Adventure Bundle + Use the VOUCHER code! ;)
Have fun. Don't miss the MONTHLY
thankyou my darling with a lot of love xx
Sayang in beanie
All about self love lately
monkey quest was a old game and some designers are trying to remake it
Greatest concert ever A TRUE KING
Blessed Sunday
Chalo Acha h. Apko aati samj m to
Its late but i gotta feed my fam dinner by yours truly
She looks super pretty still
Love too
Moira Dela Torre's cover of "We Could Happen" by AJ Rafael. OMG. Gandaaaa!
Never let them know what your thinking got some news. Gonna donthr big reveal next week! Lol
We love you Mohammed bin Salman, you are in our hearts
Brother
rawasscandy: cumographe: Dudes Dick is so beautiful. I Sucking and getting Fucked by Big, Thick,...
Su cabello
...
LO AMO
Creo que me enamore de esta era
Bendita eres
He has launched himself like a missile! ABBAS
Some food porn from yesterday's home-made + evening with
Happy I spen some time with my childhood BFF today
Badhai ho!
Ayushmann is finally getting his due!
do what makes YOU happy babe
Great
Aaega aur chaega
Got off work and she gave me one of my early birthday gifts truly blessed
thanks jason miss you and your amazing photos take care in manila mate
No problem I agree too and also eating in some restaurants together
is indeed the most beautiful adorable girl onscreen and offscreen
Cremona Cathedral
Meus
My habibi Arab, where are you my sweet lovely baby?
Look here, I'm waiting for you.
I luv u my darling wife Elmi
I LOVE YOU
defa bebis
no we
Beauty Personified!
(no lo dudes)
are my
Love & Christmas
^^^^^^
Click this link & go check out my VSCO
My best shot for DK! follow my instagram on for more vd! i miss them!!
KING OF UNIVERSE LORD JESUS
"I am the way and the
Thank you
Thanks for sharing, Laurent
Thank u dear we love u too
Namjin Movie
HAHAHAHA i feel special
We'll be waiting for the "Started from Curious Cat and now we're engaged" pics
Lawa gila!
33- Main tera boyfriend
44- trusting easily
32- yess
26- ab tak nhi hua
3- I think 45. I
Big YES, cause life is like a boomerang
ATE ROXANNEEEEEEEEE
So much fun hitting the Gold Coast Commonwealth Games trails with my this afternoon! Huge thank
Happy Sunday liebe Celina! Iyou
Thank you for sharing this
Happy Birthday Vida!
Opppps im taken
Bakit ka nandito
Console is gorgeous.
doing okay right now but still having trouble breathing & keeping her sats up, so any prayers would be appreciated
I love you more
My Sunday
You are so Beautiful my Queen your Face, your Eyes, your Skin
Love you my ASLI SONA
The orange video tape
Luuuuke
Breathtaking gorgeous
MY FUCKING HEART THIS IS SO BEAUTIFUL
YOU DID THAT SHELBY !! HAPPY BIRTHDAY PRETTY GIRL
En el sin dudas son FAVORITOS a
Old One HHT2 Shoot Tym Shot
Que bonito, pero a veces hay que soltar.
Good luck do great
mom mingyu is in red with a crown i'm in love all over again
I love you tooooo thankyouuu
Hope you think much last night
You have a great Sunday
Tema: [Nova
De:
Para:
&
Finally found my fave place to hangout, see you later I Milktea
UcYDhwvkoS
This is beautiful
Happy Birthday our princess
I love you to the moon and back
Good Morning!
So Im really into business and arts maka graduate mi tanan batch pls kay gusto nako mag college
this beautiful man
Breathtaking gorgeous
When you ft but you get no response
Am I doing it right????? It is almost 20k shazams good job blinks!!! And dua lipa fans
Sssh, double-homicide-by-Welsh-dude is still on the table bby!
Date night
au revoir
my billionaire boy
Surrounded by some of the best people tonight
FINALLY watching on & getting a bit giddy seeing back in that ring.
Dear my perfect jazzy
You're the strongest and most passionate child, do you realize that? It amazes me,
Add to Snapchat - BlushSnaps. If These Damsels Were In Distress, Would You Save Them?
I love you sm you brat, thank you
Morg I love you the best
Great sir
Good Morning Sulochana
Love you sm too!!!!
Tere mast mast do nain
Mere Dil ka le Gaye chain
Thank you lovely. It was the perfect day!
thankyou steph!!
The best thing about my leadership assignment is seeing how articulate my friends and family write.
is home
movement atheism is full of assholes
Two spoiled dogs and soon to be some spoiled kids in my big ass house
ji rocking performance at IIT delhi akhbara ch charche ksh asi vi attend kar pande
my heart is perfect bcs you live in it
I love you I got you forever mamas girl.
Go ashe!
THE AUTUMN MOMENT OF KAI
Welcome 2 Edinburgh Already felt in love!
Damn...I've been so good to myself the last few days
Wyburn & Wayne
Love this little sister of mine
happy birthday babe hope you have a fun filled day
Love Chelsea
Happy Birthday a really loved person!
JessicaWells come play
Just saw this now. Thank you so much! It was perfect
3 more movies at today! Thanks for Gojiam ticket
managed to get Forgotten and Accidental Detective 1 too. Yaaaay
I'm going to miss you so much too Tali Thanks for always being there!!
Morning my fans
So powerful and moving
Good Morning
Have a Blessed Sunday
P E R I O D T
Is this you? Can we catch up? Miss you
you gave me such a wonderful memories that i can never forget
That face!
Good morning Buccaneer family and the rest.
Happy Woofday
Going on my trip soon Gonna miss everyone, and also Halloween, and K Gotta get my house in order and I'm off on an adventure
Thank you psychedelickawaii for this cute little beng guay tingy, sweet card and yummy cookies!
Let's
my man checks on me literally every hour on tha hour
Miss you pretty girl
Both product sumpah holy grail been using that dari breakout untill muka dah okey and totally taknak tukar
Such a fun night with my love
I know joon is a rapper but I'm still hype of the fact that maybe we'll get a duet from one of the vocals. (Like 4 oclock)
I care
My daughter is so adorbs
melhor companhia
He made the game against Ohio State
is in red
SOON ... for November issue
PRAY, HOPE and WORRY! St. Padre Pio National Shrine Santo Tomas Batangas Philippines
Happy Birthday babe
I love this pic
so interested!
Really appreciate everythin my baby girl does and goes through for me
Hv a good Sunday
Couple of the year.
There's still time.
Vintage Siam Discovery
Gotta support my dads
Happy Birthday you'll always be my fav fanfic writer God Bless & Enjoy your day!
Let me free your sorrows
missing the good old days
A sackful of spooning snow skinks We caught over a hundred today for project on their reproductive
MCGYU TODAY!!!!! Looking good in red and pink crown
The following is a chronological order of things taken a hit on in 2018:
My
My
My sanity
My job
My
Thank you beeees
Him Khu Sinh
Baby Eli ! ! !
181020
- QUIET IS NOT MEANINGLESS -
Preta dessa
Arabaina fa tena nilay b le izy
10-30-18
Toby
YOU ARE REALLY LOUD LIKE TOAK MASJID BUT WHY I LOVE YOU
Michael Provost capa da Mood Magazine
You's pretty!!
Also, hally birthday birthday-twin! I'm glad I got to know you beyond Twitter too. Shine on.
Happy Birthday to me.
21 de octubre
We want another :(
Beaching at Dalaguete after? No sleep is worth it
I Love You
Watsons and
Super Star Mahesh Babu & Family in
thank you aphro!!
ALDUBNATION IN DA HAAAAUSSS
pang 41M ang energy!!!!
Good Knight Fam!
always stunning. Solalex
Watch broadcast: 3rd and final set! Thanks everyone for always being sooo supportive!! you
I LOVE THIS MORGAN
always stunning. Solalex
My bois are getting bigger!! Huhuhuhu!! I miss you both
I will tell you this every single day for the rest of my life DAY 2022: I LOVE YOU SO MUCH DANIELLE!
Thank you hun!
Same pinch
I am too soft for this. Thank you.
Hello Newmoots
I'm Je, 00Squad.
Sering-Sering interact y'all PurpleYou!
Alabang Town Center
She loved it guys
Yes thank you po ate its still me parin po wala naman pong magbabago
Thank you so much for you advise! try to do what you said no probelm! It obviously happen
True love
Last minute trips the best
better to give than receive
Alwayzz friendship
The following is a list in chronological order of things taken a hit on in 2018:
My
My
My sanity
My
Something Very Hot About Busty Girls
so anyways not today is an underrated bop that needs to be protected and treated with care
hi, i see that you're a stay and also an army. i love your header. hehe. ok bye. heheheeheh
Bangarang
264
RT for the love
in the mood for movie marathon
Virgin and Sally finish chess and have lesbian sex
Thank you, Sammy.
GOODLUCK MI AMOREEE!!!
I hope you guys have fun in Mexico
THIS! mine tho?
Lab dis
The best way to end my night
You made his day lav
Lav : The Complete Actress
_
naraid66
jr1bmjhznz1
Ooooouuuuu try it cuz you love me PERIOD
Theo was so incredible in that part, though
all about how you raise them. Kids I mean
Those moments I'll remember from time to tome as I love my life
Hanbin Freedom
The best seller of ASH Addict-ed to Ash Sneakers!
LOVE YOU MIRE BEBERLY enjoy the space goggle life my cosmic queen
What an awesome guy He's definitely a man of courage, optimism, love, and a quest. God love you, and all
thank u
Reminder
The more I pray,the more Allah shows me the way.
Innocent
" Remember who loved you no matter how shitty u treated them. "
Iloveu
Fall more in with these animals the more I see how they protect their babes.
PartyI love a happy ending
why I fight that adrenaline rush
Hari ni maam besar payong kembang, fav place sebab kids friendly.
Happy me. Chili's, Empire Gallery
favorite concert so far!!! sinigurado talagang satisfied ang fans
Those moments I'll remember from time to time as I love my life
If you really need anyone to talk to here and I know what going through and not easy but it will be okay
Awww, Spud!
Why you so fine
thank u
Proud of you bebe
She will always be your precious baby girl
Like kadhu
Happiest birthday wish u all the best in life! God bless u kuya juuu
Thanks love!
thank u
Why Longer
Glad they're OK, love
Happy birthday sendernim
Those moments I'll remember from time to time as I live my life
It's
Love her to death my Main girl
Happy birthday richard miss youuu, mbtc
One more week until we have our first furry baby
JAJAJAJJA an intellectual
Never been so hyped in my life Check me out snapping tho
Your mother though
ilysm
Happy for you g miss you
Ay mi Ppu
And finally a pic of our Prince after so many days good that he is enjoying
stay happy always
just printed 30pcs polaroids im gonna put up new photos soon
Amor meu
Nandri bro
Love my flight attendant life off to San Francisco to see in Oakland
See you in a month sa
Can anyone recommend any decent NLP apps? Thanks in advance
Hit the
Ctto
Goodnight
Ifb
go chevin!!!
Failure is an option,but
Giving up is not
1 0 0
Thanks love!!
INDEED, A HAPPY AND BLESSED SUNDAY!
[ A THREAD ]
JUALAN PRELOVED STUFF
Love this
Thank you LORD
I offer everything to you
.
.
.
lil durk x rondo - brothers
Even his smile is in shape
Congratulations
thanks
Phenomenal concert
Old school still bringing me the true feels
happy birthday monggoloid, wishing that you will finally find the one that will love you forever
my heart
This is too pure
But the lucky one?
et tous les autres
GG to2 c/@Dxmou
Aawww
! !
thankyou ate
you both are literally angels
Not sure how it happened. But I'm home in my bed Probably the only thing that went as hoped this weekend.
thankyou so much ate becca waaaa i hope i can bond with all of the skzph admin again i love you all din pooo
Appreciate you Emma!
thank u ry ry love ya
Nothing fake about you! percent fantastic
thank u laee! Godbless
Saudade do nosso Starman
BSS is my favorite subunit
my baby
what a dork
naraid66
pubmighham1s
hi your the cutest love you sm
happy birthday boo
20/10 /2018
NASTY
not a waste of space. Be kind to yourself. Try to reassess and move forward. Be kind to yourself; you deserve it
gotcha
Happy 18th loveyou ate karla
I love you
bet $20 on Purdue beating
Forget all the reasons why it won't work and believe the one reason why it will.
Happy sunday beautiful people
my birthday is on november 7. if anyone wants to hmu w some peanut butter cups you would make my day ;)
my baby surprised me again whewww Chile
I think salt water and sand can heal anything. Maybe a broken heart too! What do you think?
.
.
boses HAHAHA
smileeee
okay ra charge to experience kaayo
Same honestly
And i'm gonna save my money for troye
Do ordinary things with extraordinary love.
love waking up to new Taylor pics
always welcome love
be home tomorrow
Wish you a very Happy Birthday ! May this year filled with success and happiness! With lots of love
penge totoong prens jan
Like my tweet follow Kita :)
Missing
Awww where ever she is, she will find you!
I love you more
Gracias
um look talking.... thank you though love
It will happen one day. I know it will
tb sa best congress experience nako
Bad Tour
1/5
Jimin Eating
We love you
I just really want you to know that I really love you
BRB, swooning time for everyone at the concert BAE kicked off his performance
Why iam so afraid to lose you when you are not even mine.
Gojek lebih setia
We love them both
Ya toca almuercito juntas, ahora si
i am honored thank you
Yall are so nice
That sounds dope!! Do things that will make you happy for sure
Thank you bro
Rest day is pamper day.
for a tbhh
...because every picture tells a story...
I'm an army, still I love one direction I see nothing wrong with that
What an amazing story
This is what I do with my guinea pigs
AHH IS SO SWEET AND GENTLE
The
Lauryn Hill and Etta James...
Salute
Support them !
Hermosoo
Aaamiiiin thank you charoong eomma
Valentine
This year you're mine TaibaPhant!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
2/5
Jimin Eating
We love you
Thanks
"If you can imagine it, you can achieve it. If you can dream it, you can become it."
Let's support & the show
BUKAS NA!
Yes she was. Miss her much.
Making memories left and right with my fav partner in crime
is
Good Morning
Morning
So much love for this girl
omg thank you all for 900 followers
in celebration, you can choose what thread I post in the next few days
Ang sarap ng ice cream. Thanks Sir &
ahh thank youuu
Infinite SuperBang@ Vixx - my lame idea
Don't forget to stream
thank u
Your comment got a from
singing I had to listen to it twice. That song was starting I. The clip before. I that song!
The world is right, and for that moment, my heart is just! I love you
Millions of memories
Thousands of jokes
Hundreds of secretes
Just one best friends
Melhor foto
sweeter words have never been spoken. A blue across-the-board ballot Ah, be still my
I just want someone I can really call my bf
ALSO THEY ARE FINALLY MAKING A WEETZIE BAT MOVIE AND I AM CRYING I AM HERE FOR THAT 1000%. One of my favorite
Not a prob at all I love suggestions. Will listen to these
aboya.8
|Wow!! gotta it!
Woke up to this Artwork by lord_kpuri from our original picture. Sometimes you
thankful for short girls who date short guys. im not on the same wave as yall but im grateful
Stunning
She by Tyler the creator ft Frank ocean
Luv u too dear
We love you Mohammed bin Salman, you are in our hearts
ah so sweet
Congratulations, Jesse! Much love to ya from your fan!!!
Dm feet pics
you'll be always our april avery ate
Mmm nice cock and luv u dress baby
Everybody wants a Michelle person in their lives like has
I love this. It warms my heart and makes me smile. hope for humanity.
sun to tel members
Brunch day
I miss yo goof ass much lmaoo you better have a 4.0 and be talking to no lil girls, love you..be great
I love you my Love. You are my happiness. You are my home Thank you so much.
for a tbh
Everyone
never lose that precious smile of yours
D-21
So I finally started to watch dirt and I love it so proud of you
Finally you called and spoke nonsense
1/10
Jimin Eating
We love you
Exactly fall in love with you every single Angel
Thank you babe!
I GET TO SEE MY ROSCO BOY TOMORROW AND IVE NEVER BEEN SO EXCITED
feeding myself with doubleB contents
[VIDEO/181020] Not everyone can become a kid again. Thank you, Fiat
Those eyes
I love you for always listening to my emotional breakdowns
i love you both
back reading my post & liking it much love for them
So, this touched my heart
Such a sweetheart you're
This is so beautiful. I want this
thank u
Love ya too
FUCK JEEEEER
new TO MEEE
can wait to SOOOOOOOOOOON
Jinhe mera dil luteya.
181021 Zhu Zhengting | PEKICN
she all mine
[FOTO] 181020
Hermoso.
JAMJAMPICS
-yisus.
I GOT A SPOOKY BASKET SPOOKY tights , Cheetos , dark chocolate , A SPOOKY BEAR, scentsyyyyys , popcorn balls
Look at my baby all grown up soo proud of you
Bhai-Bahen
Athiya Shetty with her Brother Ahan Shetty
Follow
Inquiry iumarajaz
.
.
.
.
Nice work!!!!
Thank you for always lifting people up.
I love my husband
Those. Whiskers.
So much
ang nindot paminawon rn with this gloomy weather???
mga 1960's songs
x
If you want to
Good luck aqish comeyyy
I love u bbb
2/10
Jimin Eating
We love you
You know it v well
Queens M&M
Just read through the comments on gofundme for our shutters, wow, thank you!
Such encouraging words of
I love food
Dave Grohl
Appreciation post for my guy Jose he just something else really fw that dude
Esa te gusta ?
Happy birthday Patti
Awww shucks thank you
Me representas Yo soy igual
Airport Rail Link. So lovely~ Suvarnabhumi Airport
Hey we miss you man
P D S G R
No one can replace your sweetness. But 1 h4d t0 l3t y0u g0 for the sake of my friends.
Me too mi negra hermosa!
welcome! Enjooyyyy
Absolutely adorable. an angel.
hope ok
berry welcome
Noo stop! so beautiful!
Please help RT, thank you
Good morning beautiful people
I love you also! I'll always be a fan!
Mirror reflect her beauty such a beautiful shot her expressive Eyes
WAIT DI KA MAGSASAWANG TUTUKAN SIYA
Fun time at 551 West in Lancaster ... Thanks to everyone who came out and partied with us.
Gary Brown -
I you because you do research & then tell the truth, Thank you!
Perfect
Don't drink too much
Happy birthday sweetheart
I was not laughing at you! go to bed friend. call you in the a.m.. love you.
for sure.
3/10
Jimin Eating
We love you
I was supposed to be one of the statistics. I fortunately was not. .@ericbolling we are with you
Shoutout to ARMYs Kuantan! Lets go together for Burn The Stage the Movie one of MSV in Kuantan. Anyone who
And ur are amazing incredible my one of my favorite mutual on twitter
Thanks for the Wimpy love Janine Regarding the plastic cutlery, please let us know which
jemartins22 sleep time a good Saturday my love, today Vic is literally a baby justbaby
body Gucci and
Today's Sneak Peak
Happy for
He nailed it
Sad for
They are overdoing it
Yes, it is.
Thank you so much. That's so lovely
this is for you Jhanvi :)
Would you rather have your french fries with ketchup or with mayo? ketchup.
Thank youuu love
LOVE IT
ADN Writers Story Tree
Bumpkins
thank you bb!!
180923 Ximenting
[ pic part 1 ]
180923 Ximenting
[ pic part 2 ]
My poor heart has melted.
really my bro man, I love him
COME BACK SOON PLEASE
I ALREADY MISS
I freakin love you
Monica geller appreciation post
If it were easy it wouldn't be worth it.
I'm sorry. I hope good things come your way soon
Like those
My is waking up next to knowing here all week So much love here
Enjoy ur Sunday. Take care
happy birthday
Boleh collect . Tgok video nanti dpat
IVE BEEN STANNING THIS BAND FOR 5 YEARS AND IM SO GLAD THEY ARE GETTING THIS LOVE AND SUPPORT THEY DESERVE AHH
4/10
Jimin Eating
We love you
Finally two-girl time with Sensation play! Not pictured - rope
If you want to book something
JESSENIA
SORTEO VERY FAST!
X1 Minecraft Account SFA
Dar RT y FaV
Follow:
|
Minha
Blessing your timelines with the happiest puppy smiles and craziness thanks to
The best way to keep making change? Keep living out loud.
Beautiful Tobin! Very nice catch, beautiful posture worthy of a gentleman!
PROUD OF YOU MARC!
Big Love from INDONESIA
ahh omg leon is there!! and just look how cute they are
Today my Dad gave me a new amp for my b day & was so stoked to talk Amps & guitars with me. I am so fucking happy to have him in my life.
ab toh maze hai
in
The way you look tonighttttttt
Nice to meet you
1:30am and thinking about you
Sho cute
Sign up
Hookup
No CC Needed
that caption i love u nim
So cute.
I'm so happy watching our sunday school kids doing their part as children of God kahit sa pinakamaliit na
On REPEAT
Un y me preparo un whiskylucan
A cute crop tee for your Sunday brunch date
Shop now:
and RT
Tbh
cannot exist without others, and they in turn are affected by everything we
Geshe Kelsang Gyatso
Not all heroes wear capes
Absolutely lovely 3 bedroom mid terraced home set in the of Stratford.
2 reception rooms
Fitted kitchen.
Gas
have fun
Love You
I swear I felt like you were singing to me all night believe how close I was to you, hands
hang in there levi
Awesome pic! You're glowing!!
Happy Birthday Loveee wiee legal na siya pwede na ikulong jk. Hehe Love you so much gurl
5/10
Jimin Eating
We love you
This verse, I love this verse I know the power of the queen and her origins (thanks for the videos
Yes, it is. even better when you love that person, they love you back, and they tell you they love you
DHA wont let Khan Sahab down
Happy 2k Rammielnatics HAHAHAHAHA thankyou
And I will always be here for you
i cant decide if this is a metaphor or if it's literal, in either case, i it
Keith always amazing, , love you too Mia!
Valentine
This year you're mine eevil0!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Netz is like a stupid pet that needs a kick every day, but you still love him
Valentine
This year you're mine ooooooooooss!
And you, whom will be yours?
I love you more, thank you for everything!
took me so i could see the whole city blessed with the best
I love you
absolutely nowhere more beautiful than TN... especially this time of year!
GRABE NAMAN YUN! PANG FINALE TALAGA! CONGRATS SANA ME NEXT SEASON!
Safely arrived leaw chai mai kaa??
Hope you had some good sleep along the way...
Miss you kaa
/me I'm
see you later on today!! So excited
love for markgun
Just kidding bud I'm sorry about the pain you're going through
Thanks bro
Rmbr we promise when the time is right we will meet again dont we?
Hello world.
Last picture in this series more is coming with my next model
Double tap your love
Follow
love you love
my BABY she from laudy
Double cheeseburger x BFF Fries x Blueberry cokefloat
awww so cute
Ooohhh!!! what a surprise! You are saving my Sunday
Please + postive comment with
happy birthy sheee! ingat pirmi. God bless
True! its a must to listen~ each of the song is
Guys we went down to 13th again TT please don't forget to vote! We can vote 12 hearts per day! We get 2 +
Hello!!! I watched this episode and they're so cute together!!!! Especially the Ajeeb Dastaan Hai part
Roses are red
Violets are Blue
Pet are
A bowl of love. Shaka Bohol
I love you baby girl
1 year ago, my biggest dream became true I can't thank you enough for everything I'm the
Lol thanks boo & factsss
Good morning! Please be kind and give people love
Last night in Arizona
I like how face in this is so neutral hahahahahahaha
We got you
Congrats SLU!
Mag-ice cream muna
The gems
by Janine Berdin
Thanks love
goodnight Lola . I hope you many lovely dreams tonight & I miss you . Many hugs and I
Np girl same for uuuuu hope to see u again soon
Woohoo! Congratulations Fam
That man is an Angel
thanks for being an amazing friend love ya lots
Good morning
y C)
Goodbye, dad. Thank you ...for everything.
Raspberry Almond Scones, perfect for lazy weekend brunches
You're beautiful, good morning Anon u r beautiful too Good morning
Thanks for fav and rt.
Keep streaming y'all !
CLICK
CC
Thank you to for hosting a wonderful charity event for the Quebec Breast Cancer Foundation I'm
Patiently waiting
I've bought a 750 ml vanilla scented lotion with my own money and I'm on my way to Yoongi's room to moisturise his feet
Beautiful Rajat pics &True words
Hello there are good people out there
One of my absolute favorite songs ever I'm so speechless I got to hear it live tonight! Thank you so
The picture of Adonis is really nice It is my favorite
Also - 14 SUBS. You guys are insane. Thank you
Shilpa is Love and Dipika is Fake
Give me and if you like Christmas | Merry Christmas to ALL -
Dress like you drink:) When you are asked to join your kids party!
cobo is
back in my all time fave coffee shop
Wow damn near touched
Baby changbin smiling uwu even in that hairstyle when he smiles he look like a baby
Awwww. Bless you for your genuine heart. We you
OKEH LANG DIN WHAHAHAHAHAH okay good, have a blessed day.
party tray
Happiest birthday lola luding
thank u
still getting phone calls and messages from everyone wishing me a happy birthday!! Wow I feel so loved
will you sponsor me if i get a QT logo tattoo? Pls i love you
Amor puro Naomi
Danny, I keep wondering if at some point you might consider shaving your beard to look EVEN sharper?
Get u a girl who drinks as much as u lmao
what talking about congratulations
Felix looks like 12 years old boy in this hair so cute
madamot mag advice
HAHAHA nakakamiss
at all
Feels good to get it right for a change
thank u
My happiness
Without Edit Aur Original App Sy Capture Avi Alhamdulillah
for a tbh
Your fanart is so adorable Please keep up the good work
Seeing my sisters glow like this is such good medicine.
One day, I'll be singing in front of many people.
Everything is better with you in my life
Fit girls never skip Fridays! (37 Photos)
I will be voicing a Disney Prince soon
Rest in peace momshie you'll be forever in my
maybelline's photo
La mejor
Keep smiling & pushing through.
Good morning
It was cool and funny at first and now just getting old ! a damn football game even! see in the playoffs
Hum b hai
23 years gone but still this movie continues to stay in our hearts forever. special Screning DDLJ
in red today!!
Old heads said never stop Dating
OH MY GOD OH MY GOD GWJWGWJWK!! you said just a doodle but it already captured my heart AHHHH I LOVE
Ligwalagwala and Kwekwezi FM never disappoint when it comes to Gospel music
some of my favorite pictures from tonight
I love you
Rate the Look 1... Like for beautiful girl Aditi Bhatia
Someone will appreciate me one day
good afternoon
California in a little less than a month for my sister-in-laws wedding
4$ avai free shipping
song channel
My Angel sister & Anna
Morning
Time to install this friend again.
i hope you'll feel better na awh!! Thank you. I will.
Hey big head.
QUE MUNDIAL ESSE?? C9 E FNATIC
Your music will forever be in my heart.
i love you.
her angelic voice could heal
p a r k c h a n y e o l
I love this Mr and Mrs A
Thank you Paris You are Wonderful and you always give me beautiful emotions
Follow For More
Btw seeing honestly was the best concert I've seen, a complete amazing experience, they're so good at what they do
Dancing bonito flakes.
Sweet sweet naman ni Chloe mas sweet pa sa tito niya hihi
never felt jealous or like I have to compete, I am confident and well aware of my role in his life
Thinking about............ Her name ez in maee
lost lost lost!!!
Don't go - EXO
I admire those Armys who support and stan our boys since their debut up until now. You guys are amazing!
vote for thala
Spend your precious time with us, today is The Day that we have wait for.
When your parents surprise you at the airport
Shit my dad would do too
Thank you gorgeous
""
Guten Morgen Tom
I had so much fun today with my beloved roommate we played ddakji, strolling around campus and being silly
Listen to All Of Me by johnlegend on
all of me
When yo bf is saving u from being paranoid gf...
la na, finish nanaman puso mo kalay haha
4- Eric (The Boyz) e Mark Tuan (Got7)
Amei essa ainda mais por ser The B e ahagase
Everyone deserves respect & love goodnight
Hey dear! Happy birthday to you
AW Most ambitious cross over of all time.
Thank you! be back in four years. Until then I will keep busy. We can create change together
I never seen this type of fansism. palabhishekam to flexi in such a great actress.
James
Fuck with local babes at
japanese xxx olivia del rio what puffy
Have a pillow Fight That Turns into Hot Sex Cause love it
Amazing games from Cloud9 today! Congrats
thank u
My love
180923 Ximenting
[ pic part 1 ]
D-2 and hello Negros.
180923 Ximenting
[ pic part 3 ]
Happy birthday pretty ! Thank u for always being there for me and i appreciate u so muchhhh!
worry bb get you a hair treatment
Wow wow
love this
the sweetest!! i LOVE YOU!!
Meet the Incredible family
absolutely adorable. I expect he will do you proud.
We aren't mutual but I honestly love you. You are so nice and I think of you as a friend
I was there!!
Right lets do this
OMG
WTF
I love this girl's aggression
Clopening sucks! sending you good vibes lolz love and miss you
Maren
Awww, my love!! too lovely and the same sorry just replying now. That night was beautiful
We love you too. When I can see you in Romania?
Life is good, you think? I love you, and thank you for making me feel like the luckiest guy in the planet. I love you wifeyyy
We love you too. When I can see you in Romania?
Skyla Y2T passed 3 levels in her gymnastic exam this weekend
I pray for this man every night.
Juliet to my Romeo
B A B Y - G E O R G E just cannot handle the cuteness
Wow!! Couldn't have said it better myself Awesome
you still love me though
is for &
hommage
I cant even describe what I felt during my this song means so much to me thank you for performing it tonight
Congrats love
another year goes by and my power level has risen happy birthday to me
kids
I AM NOT
I AM WHO
I AM YOU
Straykids FACTS
- Dessert Fox
-aynrachelkim
-CLAIREYY
Happy Birthday, see you soon. Love yooouuuu!
Snapchat - BlushSnaps
God save our king , please
Get well soon Messi
When I tell this was the best movie ever like I recommend everyone watch it ! so many
Nadie me visto tan real
That's so cute Cars are the best. Enjoy the weekend
were those tears of joy I saw? ... me too buddy. Me too
Love you thala
Picnic time!!
Stunning place for chill out!!
Nice!! " Love this "
Yeouido
I WAS HERE THE WHOLE TIME EVEN THOUGH PEOPLE DOUBTED YOU CONGRATULATIONS!!
appreciate everyone still my friend even though i sleep all day and wake up in the middle of the night
Thank you POTUS
With her smart mouth
Thank you sis
is your last movie in this industry? Can it not be true? Can you please clarify.
thank you honey
Very similar to the Police Mini van...have you seen the one for sale on eBay?
at all
HAHAHA
You tooo
ugh you're amazing
Feeling amazing !!
AQUI A PRIMEIRA PARTE DA CENA
Ethes makim cakep aja
Biro Pers Istana
[FOTO] 181020
amo, amo~!
Esos brazos.
jiminiful
-yisus
I give birth, the earth
I Saturday Nights. .@DJShawna
love u tammy
Uhm, sure. Hihihihi
Capricorn maybe
5%
SqZ
your the greatest in the world back then and even still now and there's no doubt about that
7lbs 6 oz 20 inches ?
Happiest place on earth
Every part of you is beautiful, Jongin
GOT7
~
Bae I u, amazing
Goodnight! I love 5sos (also feel free to follow me on Instagram, sidney_jones__ , and take a look at the
Okay way ako final output
Thank you
Old songs + gloomy weather =
It's done! Can't wait for the EMAs!
Welcome
My mom is gonna vote! so excited ilysm queen
thank you so much
Cheers for that, C.C.
Aww thanks much love
The Piddle Valley
Aww thanks much love
Awieee pogi ng naminn
Jgh from tiring but very productive event
Kobe with the feels and I love it.
Excited for this collaboration of Mayward and
Almonds and I love your tunes
Mejor no mms amor eres, Y INIGUALABLE UFF INALCANZABLE. Te amo
Thank you babe
Twin
thank u
came all the way from the uk an wow Lionel.... amazing show
Esta foto me hace muy feliz
19 & 20. ScorchedBreakable
Boku no Hero Academia
naraid66
bbisxra0y$0x
You know I had to love youuuu
The weight of a mother's shoulders
RT if you love your mom
OMG REALLY SIS THANK U BLESS U
I love you how are you ?
A world without Korea
for a tbh :$
The teaser:
Engage your core
Fiz dois kkk ameiii
7 pounds 7 oz and 19.6 inches
Happiest bday to this beautiful beautiful woman
Mi mejor
Harry te amo
Good morning my dears!!
My super teams
Jecs & Lucas
don't want ur tears for someone who don't even care abt u
Ammeenn
I CAN WATCH AT LEAST 1 FNATIC GAME NOW THANK YOU C9
Too much excitement and expectations..!! Thise waite is killing us
I look terrible shshshs thank you tho sweetie
Also hi and I hope you enjoyed Canada
Being a parent is the hardest; yet most rewarding job
All the best in Doha. shine
Congrats
n Vidya r my all tym favorite u guys are super talented
Minsan nkakainis, pero madalas nkakamiss.
Congratulations on his 7th world championship title
with get_repost
Good morning Brighton
My home
you had good service and hella tips! Love ya shawty
Yeyyyyy happy for u my bb
Best wishes on this wonderful journey,as you build your new lives together.
Evronica & Dionard nuptial
thank you i love yours too!
Excited for church in the morning, Dont forget! I pray they preach about something you need to hear.
Safe travels, see you soon
thanks
jrm this day was for you lord
He's so happy
You, Sam. An incredible moment for NA.
Lets keep on dreaming and working hard (para sa tickets ), it will happen gid trix!
supporting u
really glad bts are gonna have their well deserved rest they always work so hard to keep us happy but what
anyways, i gotta get up early for a 2 hour drive to newport beach for bday party! see u all there!
THE COOLEST.
THE CRAZIEST.
THE HOTTEST.
THE CUTEST.
THE LOVELIEST.
BAUAA
I love this
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MY BEAUTIFUL BOO I love you! Have a good day okay
I love Justin
Drive safely suamiku. Take care. See you on Saturday. Me love you always missing you already
Although the first time we danced he was trying all these fancy moves and throwing me everywhere lolol but he caught on. It was fun..
Today was an incredible reminder that life is special and If you love someone make sure they know it.
for the biggest movie to rule our Hearts all over again
Thankyou penshoppe Pampangga
give your heart and soul to me, and life will always be la vie en favourite lullaby from grade-school till now
REGRESA PRONTO A ERES BIENVENIDO
goodnight anon sleep off some of the hate in your body hun
ChoiGoRen SAY HELLO TO INDONESIA PLEASE. INDONESIA LOVE YOU~
No problem . Thanks Ail
PLAYSTATION 4 Please
Thank you king absolutely right
& at fusion festival...
My friends really out here affirming me and shit like a sport after a bad end to an otherwise good day. Ugh I feel the love
.
.
.
Sunday acoustic tunes
PugNation and PugLove
Go friend!!
Thanks bro. Love you man stay safe as well, hope the family's good
I miss you so much
Thank you for inviting me Cleo I love you so much! Had so much fun!
Getwelsoon
Don't steal her
Just kiddingg
... il primo ...
Get back Stronger Leo
This Goal Was Absolutely Amazing
Thank you, Jose Mourinho, for everything you do for
Definitely looks awesome, Caitlyn! Thanks so much for sharing these lovely designs. Truly made
Feliz a todas las mamis!!!
Valentine
This year you're mine ivywak!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
thank u
with her closest people
Good morning my icon
Love u so much
This is actual fact
Hi from hersheys and I!
You are SO pretty!! Have a great Sunday Poppy xxx
welcoome!
November 16th!!!!
One of the best things seen all day...GOD bless as he continues to inspire so many...
Your welcome love
Love you, friend. Take your time and look after yourself.
Missed The Trend Yesterday
Aaj Nahi Karungi !
so ninakaw ko lang ulit HAHAHAHA
this and I'll dm u a name hihi
YUPPYYY...
... il secondo ...
Valentine
This year you're mine mohamadtero1!
And you, whom will be yours?
His name is Redbane! He's my self-insert OC
Ahhh thanks love
Cassie's 1st Birthday!
I adore you. Even on your hardest days you are still a champ and I admire you for that.
os melhores
BOO RAVE 2018 raversary!!
RT if u can't wait for
21st December 2018
Mark The Date!!!!!!!
GGS BABY CANT COMPLAIN ABOUT RUNNING POCKETS :)
Too much excitement and expectations..!! Thise waite is killing us
Denguinho da preta
Special edits for special couple
fresh glam session with these beauties at 5, fashion runway party thanks for choosing
thank u
And at last, It is indeed a Sunday
Hey Hi a duo with 1
...my favorite pictures ...with ...a real cutie... I you
*Awesome moment*
Helping my brother in searching his chocolate
that I ate few hours ago
Hey DA
Un buen sujeto me cargo todo the weekend
wow your mind. i love a coffee stan
I wanna no more...
biquin vs. sorrisin
thanks sissy ! n always
Cant wait to see you baby
Thanku
Jo Bollywood actors ke pole kiye
exactly what I needed
It was an absolute pleasure spending time with you. Next time you come to Karachi we must meet again!
I absolutely love the guardian brothers
Fam got that baby face
I have a big dick the first 100 followers check here to follow i send this video to your
My heart hurts on how fast your growing.. my bebe
Thank you so fucking much papi I LOVE YOU
to short . Nobody wins when the family feuds
Aww this is so beautiful share ani Sabka Laadla Fawad
except few Faltu ke tp dirs
The best paden RI Congrats guys
I miss the Brooke of 10 years so fucking much... but the Brook of 2 months is such a sweetheart, I turn her down
Many more things to come
Short but sweet
welcome back
DES CHOSES DE FAIRE
Love this so much
Speechless
uh aw love you
Join the Zero Fan Group now and turn your wait into fun, along with all the fellow SRKians!
Hope u loved it
Buenas noches crack Tego me a dormir
sorteamos !
[FOTO] 181020
Hermoso.
-yisus.
. . ..
My new little foster bottle babies. Looking for their forever homes in a month or two.
Something i want so Bad ;-; But i Don't have :'(
Oh and good morning
He makes fun of me Pero todavia lo amo
Now he's dying to get inside
pafollow ako sa wattpad
ahihi
Awe what did we do to deserve you Wes ily
My number one ladies!
Rose Choker Bodysuit
FREE Delivery and VAT FREE
Order Now:
Brand:
Mama & Daddy
Hi! Can I take your picture?
.
.
mikevalenzangels
.
.
Photographer
.
.
Thank youuu po
Will YOU be the one to put a smile on my face by sending something for me to wake up to? Good subs send while getting my beauty rest
One of the finest scene in
THE COOLEST.
THE CRAZIEST.
THE HOTTEST.
THE CUTEST.
THE LOVELIEST.
BAUAA
lookin real cute girl
... spingi forte ...
NA just 3-0'd KOREA in Legue of Legends.
C9!!!
I hope everything will gets better sis
still a SooU, but these two's friendship though.
Freebies is here make sure to follow on twitter and insta to get them
OUU THROWIN UP THA W !! show that to Mr.Chugz please. Thank you tho & love and miss you
My son is Crushing his purpose and gift!
He is very dedicated hard working.
We are Blessed love ya Patrick Burns.
*Awesome moment*
Helping my brother in searching his chocolate
that I ate few hours ago
So proud to share a name with you
we love u stay strong baby
Thank you!! Love you
and i love you
"I like you"
"Wow that's funny"
"I'm serious"
Bad bitch and she real
This is just pure
Thank God!!!
i love you soooo much, thank you for being the best human in this world.
next time I'm gonna play this on a real piano and hope you're gonna love it.
P.S. My mom
I think murag dili ata ta kaila and close.. but goodluck sa studies and just keep moving forward hehhe lablab
Good morning baby
Voting for gorgeous would save America too!
Yesssss ! Koffee with Karan starts tonight
my every day
for a Tbh
Have a Pillow Fight that Turns Into Hot Sex After
One of the most beautiful + most fun wedding days I have ever been a part of
Ly honey
Roadtrip soon
Another favorite screenie
My hero
Domenica....
Buongiorno
Beauty of Pakistan.
happy birthday Carrie Frances Fisher
October 21, 1956.
Forever in my heart.
I have the Logan Square one
still my fave song tas sa description pa nun feat Taeyong or SR14B HAHAHAHAHA
Bro I have the best gf ever she got me a spooky basket
I still can't believe that somebody loves me this much. Always grateful for McKinley
Always There For You
Dont Worry
Ily best
did his thing for
- ft. Drake video
I
Ayts!!!
Thank you Swaziland Crazy times.. will be back on the 1st..
FNATIC, DO IT FOR EUROPE. WE TRUST IN YOU. BELIEVE.
Especially when you share them with your Mom and Dad
Rindu!
Some more backstage selfies with just some of the lovelies I get to sing with. Broadway
god i need a man , a goooooodt man please
Thank you
and I love you even more
Feliz dia 21. Te amo
great song, triple from Italy
Good morning
Assalam u Alaikum
Allah says:" if u come to me walking ,I'll come to u running "
Get well soon legend
Valentine
This year you're mine HatanAlhofuf!
And you, whom will be yours?
Booth here at
thank you!
Made pasta earlier for dinner and now laying in bed with babe and his mini Life doesn't get better than this.
I'm loving the Sunday weathers
A Great Day to you
this tweet
THIS
ARMAAN MY EYES WERE CRAVING FOR THIS SINCE THE LAST 4 DAYS
ARMAAAN HOW ARE YOU NOW ?
WE MISSED YOU
I Supreme Court ... T-shirt nahadhaatha? Or wud it be Supreme with the same Justices!! (Sorry
I always appreciate those who cooked for me
I miss you being on here. I love you
for a late night tbh
it will always be me and you in the end I know for a fact you ever switch up on me & I love you
hope i will find one later. So that i can give this sentence to him. Hahahahahah
Please come back onscreen
Our bundle of happiness !
One of the many reasons we - children, staff and parents.
.
.
.
.
Roller Bet number 1
Make sure to like this tweet
Brisbane Roar vs Central Coast Mariners Over 1.5 first
Thank you for everything Lord
i love you sayang. always will and always have
We love you
SUENA DON OSVALDO LO LLEVO TATUADO ATRAS DEL
thank u rvcr
Sunday we fell in love.
I love you though
That's so lovely Aren't you clever!
I love getting drunk FaceTime calls from my friends it actually makes my day
might be sick of me posting about him, but I just get over how lucky I am.
First pic. My fav scene in UAAP
Yep. Though if Loki and Thor get to finally hug it out, that would be great too.
Netflix + Fries + sundae = ugh
at Victory Caloocan
I love you so much my baby girl
you're welcome babe!
I had so much fun lastnight.
I love it
"Kisses Delavin the nicest girl you'll ever met"
Orion, worry. We were on fire
My fat girls asleep
Miss so much it hurts but yesterday was magical thanks to you
Thank you so much, I will never forget this amazing night.
New
Check out the picture of hugging his mom,
i love you so much! keep doing you
Ready for exploration
New
I fuckin love my life
im lovin this new album
Yes julie!!
It's NOT Monday yet:
Our Discover MORE LINK in BIO
congratulations
Football are one of my favorite
Treated myself today!
xx
Sunday misty morning vibes
Tellement de
You spelled honesty wrong, sis
sksk glad you see some depth to my words
These last few weeks have been amazing
Because family is
University of the Philippines Los
qt ko naman dito hehe, i love you. Thank you for everythingggggg
with and and
You definitely do
That is so cute
I won't forget thanks
Need
Princess
Her Hair looking crazy right now but my first gift bae got me & I love her ugly ass!!!
perfect
One piece for ever
We are here for you too
Eh tanto
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROCCOO...luvs u but still like the fact that u older than me by like 3 weeks
thank you
go through the bad to get the best
Good luck and God bless Ethan!! Take care always!
this the cutest shit i ever seen .
Me too
The only thing humans should be doing to these beautiful animals
Happy birthday Hanniel stay the queen you are.
Yes, soon
How are you btw?
never thought i would be hit head on in a collision. Thankful for all my friends and family for being there for me tonight
Your bias in Red Velvet? Just curious haha all the love :). Irene!
at Gopalbera High School
detoy ket
Happy b day z baby. Thanks for always being a real one and having my back. Love you brotha
Whether Shah Rukh Khan or Bauaa Singh...His Charms still remainAren't you just amazingly elegant
Watch broadcast: 3rd and final set! Thanks everyone for always being sooo supportive!! you
Reunited with My Baby Cooper
I CEAT HALL
My daughter had a great time at Homecoming and came home safely.
The overseeing set up
Love kayo ni ate
/) /)
(
/
/) /)
( > .
/
I Got That Bad Girl Poison on my Mind
Thank you bb
Happy Happy Birthday Koula! One of the sweetest most genuine individuals I have ever come into contact on
MINE IS NOV4 !!
I left PTI .
Kashmiris are our Brothers... we love them Go TO Hell
So why you never speak then .. but you >>> preciate it!!
BCFA never disappoints
Tropa da valsa
"Si Ralph, siya yung tipong tao na soft at heart mapagmahal and caring for others . Masarap din
uber gave me some words of motivation about quitting nicotine
don't stress out too much :>. It's all OK, you don't haveta stream every week
so sorry for ur loss Harry love and prayers to u the kids and all your family
I thought it was poop for a sec. but its actually little babies
tyL
TERIMAKASIH
SAMBUTANNYA
you make me the happiest, I love you.
Times been going by so fast. So thankful for the people who love me, the opportunities been given, and the life able to live..
Kylie cosmetics huhu next Jeffrey star !!
In with these boots I wore to the Outreach 26th Annual Awards Banquet! I may wear them every day now.
young was so cute
MBS
THANK YOU LETTER TO THE STAFF OF MOVIE.
FROM :
Photographer:
181020
Princesse Leia
Yesss...thank you
is now online
Colegas IQ
Happy birthday to your mom!!! I love how you said you were soulmates! The same goes for my
One of the most beautiful numbers in this tour! so simple yet absolutely touching.
my favorite swirl in the solar system
I adore more, honey!
Yihee! Got my new "ratan" ring from the wonderful people of Kalinga!
Thank you so much po. huhu
Team Kramer is going to watch see you there!!!
BOOSEGUMPS I SWURRRR the wait was well worth it. so glad i finally got to see you dance in person,
the ship is sailing
Let's go Fnatic
Que vibe boa
Good morning lovely Delia, I hope you have a fun day. xxx
/wts/ Menjual macam macam stationary, sepatu, tas dan dll. Please check
and RT
Always smile, donny! Happy looks really good on you.
at fusion festival... See you next month
yie welcome po yay
Ibang level yun,
Congrats, You are indeed the LAST QUEEN STANDING
Snp : x6xx_696
scan to follow!!! thankies
Much love!
21 days before Dday!
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Amber!
Join the Zero Fan Group now and turn your wait into fun, along with all the fellow SRKians!
Join the Zero Fan Group now and turn your wait into fun, along with all the fellow SRKians!
I wow
GUYS!!!! i forgot to tell u i met harry today my best friend forever he said he remembered me from the
is the is serialised from today New excerpts will be added daily The book is in the final
A good day
Mishu my dear, thank you I love you very much
And this edit iiiiiiii super thank youuuu
Pogi and fresh ni
Are you in? Eme ko hahaha
Go to his ig accnt and hit the
Juliette Binoche
in "happy camp"...
Beautiful perfect....
Amanda. Wow, so so sorry. Praying for you and your family. Sending you love
GOBLIN soundtrack
Is it even Christmas if the tree and is not up by October!? Christmas I'm Cape Town
Is fokil is
Took stink to 7 floors of hell and we actually had fun , it was scary fr but happy sweetest day baby
Shouldn't be the last please
Meus amores
You can't fit in every place.
Be yourself instead of being fake.
Idk why I luv drawing him
Miss you too!!!!
You are not a mess.
You are a feeling person in a messy world.
You welcome
Minha
Rare & Unseen
Thala
AJITHKUMAR
Just 2 months left
so great.
My gf & ily more sis you slow too but we balance eachother
[20/10/2018] AT E88 BKK
I do not have beauty, butt, boobs, or other assets, but i believe i have a guy who loves me, more than my own unique personality.
to you, friend. Say no more. ((Hug))
doing better than I ever was. Call it what you want.
Disappointed man, the show must go on Go Camp Consunji!!!
Nawwww thanks a lot my dear will tell her hehe
Unfollow if you handle the realness
I got so much goin for me awesome
I see myself in 10
yay!! You're trending queen
love ka namin
movie marathon
roadtrip ft. 2000's songs
Happy Birthday I hope you enjoy your day
Ik this
Like the pic get a hair color
Also, this will forever be my favorite moment from any concert ever. So much love
he can be in almost every style charmin,sexy,cutie andddd sooooo on
I want them in a modern set up. Veronica meets Saba
Excuse my costume, it was last minute But look at my boo Thanks for a good ass night dude
I hope I m lucky enough to win these shoes but I m not
Thank you for doing this
Always
My prince Topsi and Tuffy
I miss you all
Tiquitito
Red red red
He thank you
My mum nearly died today. a complicated relationship but there is nothing like perspective
Exactly my words herd
I can imagine, oh god I'm so happy that you had a great time and lived such an experience They're truly the best
Sanon Hot New Photoshoot Pics
The post Kriti Sanon Hot New Photoshoot Pics
dying to watch this
wait for the Trailer
Thank you! Idk what it is but it's one of my favorites too
& all other who love America & real American values. What
h&m x
Wow happy for you eonni
but this?
Fav for a tbh losers
My mom supports me Oddly enough, my mom was delighted when she learned that I had left the university and
I love my girl
Sounds like something down to do.
Only the best are Scorpios
Just imagine something like this for when we are saved.
Watching my Fancams and saw this. this needs to be shared. Brendon is so talented
Cannot believe been a whole year since me and jack went on our first date
this..... the right couple went
We looked after my nephew last night and he is a right little cutie
Best contraception though
yiiii so blessed to have u, ilyt!!
so happy for my first love
Felix och Jessica hem
from Altay
Yieut girls
Good night, I love Shindong
If C9 wins Worlds.... Seriously.
From 10th place of the NA LCS to World Champions.
come to az
THANK YOU, MAMY PSYCHHH!!! GOD BLESS!!!
Congratulations on your marriage my babe
Awwwww lmfao. Send love
Happy Birthday Luna!
2018. The year of the west
Angelx
Adorable Charming King sir with Macho Queen ..fav Jodi
I just can't wait to watch
Today was amazing w you trying my best to cherish every moment w you before you leave btw Halloween
Goodnight
Proud pub baby
Good Night Hun sweet dreams
I love my friends they come over and take naps with me
I would love to attend
And a lovely Sunday to you Sharon, Love and hugs xxxx Clive
Finally got a Happy Hoodie!! Love it
He's Cutest
You are such a wonderful sister (probably because I have a choice ). Thank you so much. I love you
Happy people I can't wait for 3 point tshehla baleya batho bao kibao
thank u
Not sisters by blood but sisters by heart she is a part of my childhood and still is. Sometime I hate her,
Goodnight
set the sun !! thank you for this giveaway
Love ya Freya your so beautiful and talented
I love you forever and that ever change
Belum oleng di chenle, karena dia always be my foreva baby
thank u
Congratulations
Thank you
I'm in Love with
Sony rx100 mark vi
a fill in the blank baby girl
My manager
Still with the best peeps
Get out with your love! Ride a free rental car from to
i love M-B-S
He is Coming to Rule our hearts once again can't wait for Zero just
Elis Martins Via Instagram Que Maravilhosa! Lindaaa
I miss you too, bes
it will be you next year in BSB
I saw my god sister at the movies
Aubrey got her sign name!
Happy birthday to one of my best cake plugs and calm girl livelong to prosper and excel babe
For That believe in God, you are lost come alive for God is pure, love and merciful. not too
Late night adventures
It's so cute~!
Halloween Horror Nights 2K18 been real
My son is getting so big
Excuse my costume, it was last minute But look at my boo Thanks for a good ass night dude
lmao issa Hassan thing
"There is a Friend who sticks closer than a Brother." Proverbs 18:24
9 - Saint Margaret of Hungary
Aw its okay :3 we're here for you
Your smile that is brighter than the
Good luck and have fun later!
unsure whether to this or
Valentine
This year you're mine ys_kdh!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Tekker & Enjoy Doc Balids Everyone!...#ADNHomecoming2018
"Bossed me around my whole
I don't normally post these kind of things on my IG but I saw this in my feed, LOVED it, and had to share just
Our Favourite & clicked with admirers on set kkb
.
.
Valentine
This year you're mine latltz!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Oh Trudi. I hear you on that. We almost lost Mum earlier this year. Sending
At the end of the day I love my friends and family, and all that matters
Melhor xv meu amores
Quezon City, Philippines
4 chapters more
CONGRATS
2018 MotoGP World Champion
well, you did a good job
I love how my twitter news feed is filled with alot of positivity and beautiful, I mean hot individuals
[ Delivery to: ]
A Bouquet of Sunflowers
Notes:
Dear Future Husband,
I hope you like red
Sincerely, Your Future Wife
Good morning
It's done! Can't wait for the EMAs!
I wish I knew it! But zyada pata nahi phir bhi guessing !! Hmm, loved ones being happy !
Frnds
Siang anak anaknya papa
glad to see his smile
Eagerly Waiting For This Wonderful Film
Oh my god . This is so beautiful . I'm actually in teas :,)
I love you !!
And mine
Thank you!
Nayi le walk Ithemba walkathon in awareness of breast cancer
off to calalang hospital with my bebe
Happy Birthday Lovely One You are a beauty so tenacious and genuine with fierce class and style. I love you Boo
Thankyou x I'll take a Twitter hug
Omygosh! Congratulations So excited for this!!
Thanks for visiting us
in Quezon City
I love you
I love The Flash
Join the Zero Fan Group now and turn your wait into fun, along with all the fellow SRKians!
Morning FT, how we doing this morning
Her smile
Her face
Her personality
What kills me most is how she looks in her glasses.
Abena
I'm over it don't worry you can shine this time
good luck and god bless
and RxYxO
Thanks eivs, take care of my bestfriend for me pls! ingat ka always
Mi is falling out of my chest
This has always been one of my And the one great love ballad from his Painted
I hope so
I LOVE YOU BB
thank u
This video always makes me tear up I love it so much
Full of beauty
actually glad sick so I was able to stay awake to see this incredible win.
You received the banner at last! Great keepsake of our rice wreath for H Good job
Weeee go Slinn!!
Bad to Good Because of you Love
First backdrop together ayieee
Valentine
This year you're mine latltz!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Needed This
2017-2018
Hey homecoming another year zownnnnn
I give you whatever want
I give you whatever need
U2 with a Gossy twist on the next Bros tour? Yes please!
Trust and Pray
I looked at my man & told him, omg babe i was feeling myself today he replied with "Baby you should feel that every day "
happy and blessed. Tyl
Happy Birthday
Messi Received Award From La Liga For Player Of The Month For September.
...
LIKE
COMMENT
happy birthday you lovely, strong woman. nothing but love to you on this day.
Awh chloe thank you for replying me thanks!! Will definitely try them out
precious minsung. protect!
3rd and 4th pulls!! Still no Doyoung At least I got a Jaehyun postcard hehehe! And I got a Jungwoo poster too!
Your the best babe happy sweetest day to you too now hurry up and get out the shower so you can come to bed
Incredible
Julia Peres is your Tuesday wake up (24 Photos)
I love you! Glad I could help give you a happy 18th birthday babe
al the best!
still the cutest booboo
Proud of my mate today
Lan Berambeh 2018 Malaysia International Trade and Exhibition Centre
Red Sox and Dodgers I live in LA but been a red fan since I was born go
And the Lakers.
JACKIEEEEEE!!! USAP TAYO!!!
Kauniainen
Kaash k vO hota paaas
Kaash k na hota ye kaash
.
.
.
.
~GoodMorning
Praga, Checa
I love you and you deserve the world
Khan Sahab always making me feel proud as a Fan by selecting and trying all time Different Characters
twitter/instagram: swiftharmony_
tumblr: swiftharmonyy
I hope you have a productive day!!
welcome
thanks for the tag!
We waited All Year
Finally it's BLACK FRIDAY
FREE SHIPPING + 40% OFF :o
Limited offer.
Morning Morning
Lovely prize l have retweeted
CONGRATS ON THAT NO.5 SPOT
So well deserved! Big Love from Mauritius Island.
Voted for you No.1!
Welcome
Love Liverpool ooh hubby supports he love Klopp ooh festival sounds fantastic ooh books love em xx
Your mom is
Soft boy turns into a big floof.
The Kids Choice Official Hashtags for Today
GGMU
Ty bi
Happy birthday boo May God bless you immensely
for u my queen
kiani and I are fools, I luv her
BCFA never disappoints
" The hear of a person is worth more than gold,
that's why for me you heart is a treasure." I love
All need is love
F7
i love him so much, the best
i love you mama
happy bday big sissy, love you
Me love & a lot of other black people..
Album Suncitybe giving me joy
I love you so much
Nice! also got one myself Futaba is best girl (added a bit of Kaoruko so Futaba
BAUAA.
hoco pt. 3
IT was amazing!
You make me happy when skies are gray
And forget about you
Heechul would definitely like to make a new song with her right away. A sequel to Sweet Dreams
181021
Love all my friends
Chimmy
Favourite lyrics are probably... from THE UNDELIVERED TRUTH
show you a run-down
28. omg i ice cream but my usual go-to flavours are green tea/red bean, a fruity flavour, or anything like
Only You
tattooed forever on me for a reason
& my first tattoo for a reason i love you forever and ever thanks for
ATTENTION :
anyone can help me buy tickets??
i wont be free during the sale !!
i want either a PURPLE OR
Love u so much hope ur okay angel
"She was no dope, Miss Cather."
Thank you
Please be the one team in worlds who lives up to our expectations and at least win your semifinals series.
Fun night with great friends
honestly don't know why I ignored this when it came out. wendy and john's vocals
NP TB: Hero Heroine by Boys Like Girls
I love you so much words cannot explain! Lord Jesus, thank you for Blessing me with this man
Miss Earth Korea
two years without you :( I love you forever
petit coeur
Vlw fiz pra mim e pra uma
I love Shawn Mendes so much
News at 8 with Tony Delahunty
Loneliness
Remembrance Poppies
sports round-up
I had a fun time with my baby
Nice win! 1-1
Gorgeous Sisters
Market Cap: $210,821,301,690
BTC Dominance: 53.6%
BTC: $6506.62235366
ETH: 0.03193155 BTC
XRP:
Mi amor bonito
Matt deadass paid for our food at the Jack Drive thru, swell fucking guy
11:44 harry
Sunset love my friend
This is one of the best albums ever heard
Happy Birthday IMY and MBTC
Love it when a student learns to counsel difficult patients with Teaching skills in Rome
Congratulations to you both, well deserved. Proud of you both.
It is mu queen i love you
Beautiful
Happy birthday
You're such a blessing on my TL and I'd love to get to know you better sometime
Have a great day!
Breathe.
Now on spot! Slowly but surely guys
Full Moon
Just wanna get drunk and fuck bitches with my nigga then when we done so him and I can cuddle..
Look at the sky. Someone is looking at it and thinking of you
Gorgeous Sisters
That damn voices
Makes us fall in love
OMG. Grinch's face. He truly is an eccentric and so full of feelings
Happy birthday Lorie! God bless!
They come from a land down UNDER!!! (38 Photos)
Beautiful Enty
your soul will be with us in spirit
feel better
hello barbie girl
Visit the site today to see whats new Oneideatoday
e amg
extremely blessed!
everything
:(((
keep up the grind, ya know we got you. hard work pays off in the end
Thank you all so much for a superfun anniversary stream with
You all made so many clips,
Mood
thank you so much
J Hopes Solo song love
Nkululeko is so cute he asked me to ask someone to go live when I'm playing cause he is not here to come support me
Bts really made my night special we love you and thank you for your hard work
Fck I wait for the Leigh bought me LED Rave mask! I have this whole week to eat cleaner
Ran across this old gem tonight.... miss you girl
One of happiest day in my life
feeling cute
2 year anniversary with my stunning girl 2 down a lifetime to go
Only saw this now seeing you in a week tho
Jypnaton
Congratss beb
CHICA HAZ TU DENUNCIA PUEDES AYUDAR MUCHO DANDO LOS DETALLES QUE RECUERDES, SABES QUE TIENES A TODO UN FANDOM QUE TE APOYA
kindness repays. you're amazing
Love these
i hope camila knows & loves me
Inktober 20, 2018 Character with small I miniature music boxes. List is from
Thankyou
takes strength to be gentle and is my next tattoo
my baby such a strong woman. I love you Onika !!
New streaming scheduled will be starting 29th October So until then i will do the occasional stream so don't
Thank you chazzy! Thanks for everything man! Love you brotha
Kasam se jiyara chaknachoor hai...... ISHQBAAAZI se
We need and jus keeping it real
hi, I love you pls be well
Meow! They do, sweet heart since the 20s!
My hero these days
Raincherri
Pc :
Good bye my uncle
we love you
I love you
ATTENTION :
anyone can help me buy BTS SG LY tickets??
i wont be free during the sale !!
i want either a
Time stood still. We
Good morning happy sunday girls
gorgeous and love Aunty Judy xx
If you want to conquer fear dont sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy - Dale Carnegie
reUNITED
Who's gonna buy me Black Ops 4 for PS4? We can play together
In starting he is a zero but know he is a hero nd am zero because he my hero... Exited for the ZERO
.
.
.
YG FUTURE STRATEGY OFFICE
Nice prize thanks l have retweeted
tu
feliz dia
Order now and help me to help other people too!
Remember Allah is with you , all the time you needed
my babyyyyyyy
Dont forget mindfulness, yoga and stretching, which can also improve phy well being.
Happ 19th miss u Bro
thanks it's been a long time coming hope i'll have support
I hope this can help somebody today
What IZ your color ?
What IZ your color ?
Hardest pill to swallow , no one really cares about you and humanity is lowkey out to get you
Protect yourself kings & queens
I love how David makes things happen. David I love you wtf
More wedding photos.
Aww congrats bb
my thoughtful human. Love you
EL I MISS YOUUU thank you beb i love you sm
happy bday love you
Good morning
I love you let me know if you or your family needs anything. all family. Always have been
I hope you guys had an amazing Saturday.
Thank you so much!
How's it
Tell me Lala &Nadi Bhabi
My dogs know when not feeling well. I was laying down and they both came crying and cuddled up right next to me. I Love these guys
~
What a wonderfully warm and optimistic man you are - although I have tears on my toast this morning.
ADFGHJJK THANK YOU!!! OOOH AND YES PLS
Love you BAE
em!
Love you too
HAHAHAHAAHA i love you ate Jach
I wait for the day finally gonna meet you and give you the biggest hug ever received
thank u
Yih ada lagi dia ni. Alhamdulillah still a nice face okay dah bye bye
Holy I just logged in and my timeline is just about a Camilizer being kidnapped?!!!! I hope she and the other girl are alright.
Getting drunk with ya mama a better feelin
Dating
.
.
Old Street Commercial Centre
This girl taught me what love means
No! Come hang out with me and not-die together (Bay Area Peninsula, serious)
Gvlieliga, usdi ulv
(You're welcome, little sis!)
thank u
this' the real deal.
ctto
Jessica Rabbit today for the Karma Halloween Party amazing dress by
Vi aspetto verso le 11
Winko
Feel Good for today
Thank you everyone for the super fun gender reveal party! We love you!
Kami pon harapkan PASKAL 2
I love you. Thanks babe
thank you! Hope u have a great day too ily
Follow back mo ko crush
A lovely day also too you my friend
Eyeliner on point
Imagine writing something so real!
Please + postive comment with name
Definitely
Cheers!!
always
I be as happy and secure now if it for you so consider us even
Awesome Tony! Thank you!
Good morning everyone
Do say "Alhamdulillah" if you haven't already done it
Because no matter what you will
This reminded me of our kpopchats People still love Shinwa, sweetie. Miss you, my friend
aahh omg our precious and adorable minyoung and leon
I see !!!
It's good time
hello lani! my name is jaeun
Great website your doing such amazing work - all the love
hi po crush
Whos dis?
i miss playing this
hehe cutie
Yup, I know! exciting that we always get books by release day!
She in the knowledge of the The Kreator too
Had to pray over my brudda love G
Good Morning Jackie .good to see you , enjoy your Sunday
My best friend know what I would do without you
I love you
Lay is doing good on the chats? new. He is doing good.
Kodak X wanna breathe
You're the best part
Please + postive comment with name
Please + postive comment with tag
Most fun had in YEARRRSSS. I missed my second family, it was just like old times and I have a new step baby
I know that You are with me always, G.
Thank You Jess
maam your bangs defy the laws of physics Gravity is my constant. 9.8 m/s/s
Thank you LORD for giving me strength and peace when i almost lost it all
[2018.10.21] Kim Hyun Joong Insta Live
InshAllah I shall try
i love you baby
YouTube Records Shattered
Next ....
Andha Box-office Record ah Eduthu Vaingada
I just want say that is an amazing person and I love her so much. <3 Her smile makes me so
Also hi I just scrolled up through your thread and your line work is goals.
Cause just the best
What an amazing show
Goodnight
I hope the Sprouse twins had a great day
Lady Gaga is mad talented What an actress, what a vocalist
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Olivia!
One of the best heart touching acts ever watched
Checkout this video by your number celebrity hairstylist in || Haircut:
You make both look good
You know always be in my heart
Keep finding the best in each day, that you can stay happy all day, everyday..
Happy week everyone
PC
Gender reveal party with friends!
Cute girl with a deep as ocean dimple i love her, i really do
Yes it's fun Tony also loves it x
We so loved seeing you!
Best thing on tv for a long time. Love you guys
Thank you kang.jen.1017 for giving me this cute post card and thank you kangmeen for signing it.
See you
When life gives you lemons you make margaritas
I dedicate stfu by Amine to you
You guys did it!!
We're so proud of you guys ahhhhh
Te amo Netflix
No pain, no gain. What doesn't kill us makes us stronger.
Commitment more than feelings
Communicate - speak the truth of love
Forgiveness and have fun
bye bitch
You x
Please + postive comment with name
We all are eager to welcome our Bauaa Singh in a similar fashion. Aajayenge, chhaa jayenge!
Got to see all my favorite West Georgia peeps today
hi boyfriend
nyo na hehezzzz
can't wait for you to wish and make his day special
When your cat gives you extra cuddles cause your sick
Awwww
No new friends TatianaAguilarT
not their fault difficult to look into the sun keep shining
Follow that path!
-
via Ashrith Jadra taken here in the
Y vos
greetings for dearest Lala & Bhabi
May be blessed with such togetherness and love
You know my loving change
hi tina i miss you, always smile po :) aww i miss you too!! whoever you are. *huuugs*
I love you brother NO fucking
Everything is all thanks to my loving husband.
Shooting Spot Pics
All Time Favorite Movie Of
31 YEARS OF VELU NAYAKAR
Keeping her in my prayers, I hope all is well
Wow guys, my mother is beautiful
Khan Saab! Dismiss Pervaiz Khatak and appoint this Chacha Jee !! Level kar gya Chacha
Only use snap for the filters
I know that just me and Jesus all I got
Officially to National Youth Assembly
Thanks for gifts.
The gathering. Photos courtesy of Neal & Kelvin. Thank you boys!
photo cr.:
Thank you God , all I can say
Bambi in the mist
My girls and I
Ends tomorrow
thank you
Perfection
Lumpy and PUPPY DOG are my 2 favorite names
Blue Oyster Cult
Cant wait for this Wednesday to come. I want to have a dinner with a cup of hannie latte
I really love and appreciate my boys and knowing they love and appreciate me and our friendship really means a lot
Braided
Fans Ni respect Ivvatam Lo Ni thrwathey Yevaraina Anna
We r Always With U..
Buenas noches
Productive weekends with sayang (@ Muzium Tentera Darat in Port Dickson, Malaysia w/
Trying To Cover
Shei Tumi
Audio On The Way
Yes!!! Shy 29yo Winkon stan I love ya. Also all stans who are of the early 90's. Wait lang ipush natin si ate
friends are always the ones to be thankful for
Watching now in my home.. on android box
Thank you so much for showing me that song wishing on a star
Thank you our groom and bride for trusting as your wedding venue.
ill stay forever with youuu
This is beautiful! Surprised how I watched this only today.
When Ussie met Rachel - Australia's first Muslim
Lande is life. I miss you
Eu amo esse bichinho
Venice
RED
FB / RT
Waking up to such messages
Christian and Nano (Elite)
I love you it would mean so much to me to get a dm
I'm proud to share a name with you. Gg Dennis
In need of love
special s/o to you DEFINITELY got them BIG DADDY strokes
Got me a boss female. We run shit up together shout you babygirl .
I would absolutely love some.
Rezz is the bomb . com yo!! She blows my mind with her beats
Watching "VAALI" in Sun life now
is no comparison between that which is lost by not succeeding, and that which is lost by not trying
.
.
Happy birthday to my little brother ily
Catch my super late stream later playing RE0 & RE1REMAKE
We got thisssssss
Bhouzxs f4ye m4p46m4h4L
right. all just humans and from the mistakes we make we can learn. Perfection is not a desirable goal
I understand you, thanks
Gl packst du schon
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Amber!
it! Wish I had one.
Thank you for shopping
Egg White Face Mask
Egg White Peel Off Mask The no.1 cosmetic Brand in Thailand
Places to P in
Happy birthday
Thank you for taking the time out to update us praying for your little fighter
The ending almost felt like a romance movie.
And I love the music & sound effect on the movie.
Jose Mourinho don praise Anthony Martial for hin fantastic performance vs Chelsea. Their Hug na life
I really missed eating fruits and oats
Hey take all the time you need and take care of yourself you already did a great job creating RPNow
Hey guysss, y'all know what to do Thankyou
Milk tea is
Congratulations lividhou & seale!!
What an amazing wedding! So happy for you guys!!!
.
.
.
One of the greatest gifts I've ever gotten is my Daughter.
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG
Tu as les GOAT
ahaha i know, just messing with you
Happy 64th birthday old man
such a great night
All asking for bro miss u
cto
Marian Rivera
I love u too baby
happy birthday cousin I love you so muchhhh!!!
happy birthday to the most amazing mf
My fav scene of the season
Nikala really is a blessing
PLEASE DO IT MOM
LIFE IS MORE THAN FOOD, LIFE IS YAHWEH (GOD)
Claire aka@caitrionabalfe and you are both women of great worth happy birthday
so proud! amazing
please and rt, thank you!
Random dance party in the living room
jamming to while stuck in traffic and almost hitting someone while merging
and RT
Sometimes SEMO can be okay
the only k-pop group I like
RED
FB / RT
In the morning
Garth Notre Dame
so much love for your
sleepy voice & you . .
Got married yesterday to this incredible lady
raees. always
Another one for my teamaharot.
Thank you ate Iloveyou, see you again.
congratulations! deserve it
Thk u so much!! prayers and reaching out to me has not gone unnoticed. I feel so much better and
Get well soon and take care always
I cant wait to see you in a few hours! Day 1 of Tour is gonna be sick. Much love
Imposible pasarla mal con ustedes.
_blnk is family.
Love this You have such a haunting voice beautiful xx
Thank you so much!
Loving Me
Keep on repeating watching season 11 because I love it
Recent Click
Ultra gorgeous actress
Looove this pic
So cuteee aaaa
stop that dongdonggggg
You should stream whatever you like homie you enjoy it everyone enjoys it
you make me happy everyday
YAASSS QUEEN
tto
You guys listen to Katchafire over there? Love it!
welcome
I love my sister
My cutie pie jinhwan...... he really care about hanbin
He was once my bestfriend and now my boyfriend. ILY baby
Yaaaay!!! We're inside!
Watch broadcast: Welcome
pobre pami ron, but I know someday, muasenso rami. I promise
With u all the way for a good cause
High on you
.
.
Jin said :
Our Bond is I love my mommy! I was 6 months old!
Eres hermosa Sam, muchas gracias
Seamus
Fresh sheets, all warm + cold room = good sleep
Long Beach, California
Bets of luck
Excited na for ur live performance EB music heroesCheers& Enjoy Godbless u
Bipasha and Karan clicked in London
Visit Orphange once.. You will start respecting ur "PARENTS"
Aint nothing like H Town love
se Bauaa Aa Raha Hai
Sirf 2 Mahino me
Jaan Pehchan Bana lo
Official Fan Page pe
candice and behati will be back in this years's vsfs hope bee will have her fantasy bra this year
at what a great night!! yes I
justsalkin is now following me on Twitch! Thanks for the follow!
Both of them in love with the same girl
[update chara joseh] RT babyosh0412:
Eyyyyyy missing more
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Violett!
Both
Get back in the game with some girls in sports bras (30 Photos)
this mf album sissss
Day 15
- Dream Girls
bon anniversaires frero
Cum see me
Beautiful sis
It's mine as well actually . Thanks baby girl
Ayus nung airport band ng Tagbilaran. U2 (With or Without You) & Bruno Mars (Talking to the Moon) pinatugtog.
sorry for what I did to you
yey done with scrapbook
thank u
Morning
It's -- one of my favorite of Abby's from She was
Thank you for the birthday wishes
180923 Ximenting
[ pic part 1 ]
Tony please sign a new contract
180923 Ximenting
[ pic part 3 ]
Nov 6th omg best month of every year
Cereal taste better late at night
180923 Ximenting
[ pic part 4 ]
Food for thought. Being Happy, healthy, and LOVED. Only Jesus did it for me. From the peanuts gang love is
My heartiest wish is that may Allah shower His blessings upon you both.
I usually pray for you both because I
now and forever
Sunday!
Thank you Jackie ,its been a while ,Have a good week ahead
OMG!!!!
N N N
naraid66
gb%o$czsgklg
Good morning gedn
by on
BEAUTIFUL
hope news confirm hojaye!
i almost pass out just to touch you, but i'm so blessed
This is so heart warning
it warms my heart :"))
flykarmabird: Too busy Too happy !!
Term Ender with Wigo peeps
ang cutieee
thank u
Fuck with Me at
asian lesbian indian girl fucking japanese sex video
mine :)
Retweet para full scholar din next sem
Jaag gaye
I love their dramay baazi specially when it comes to Ahad/Sahad
Shokhy jayee
I love this coffe
It's beautiful Kat Sharing the word!
RED
FB / RT
I stan a talented group I can't wait to see this live!! Aghhh Adore You!!!
guys im loading forbes for music production students to start in October
I love when music takes me to another world
Kb se Meri Saans ruki thi , Mujhe Saans aayi
Anyway have a good Sunday tweeps
WinWin
2014 and still counting
Then good morning to you
Spending time with my baby was very much needed
go to the bar any night with the fam! After all, fam always stick together
Main akela he chala tha janib-e-manzill magar
Log saath aate gaye aur karwaan banta gaya
1 an choupinou je
YFC Astig Northern
- Blake rose busty wife love black dick in her holes
Eres lo mas hermoso que mis ojitos puedan ver
LAUVA TEAM
Long walk to December
Wow, Amazing! iloveu is broadcasting on ,come to join!
thanks G!
Look at precious zild being a shy mochi
Number 1 must be Your number
love it
Will always forgive you KT, you can only do what you can
Wow, Amazing! iloveu is broadcasting on ,come to join!
Ata mimi ndo huyo...finals starting Monday...
All the best in shaa Allah
say this louder pls i love this tweet. Finally someone said about this
My family died in Auschwitz.
My baby boy and baby girl
Brightening up your timeline with these gorgeous Queens.
Mah Hamster Sparkle
Double cheeseburger x BFF Fries x Blueberry float
Best BGM
Best Camera work
The dialogue
Basically the Best scene
AAAAA, thank you
We went to adopt a senior kitty...So obviously came home with two young punks Tommy & Tuppence
So upset to read this! Praying for your families both personal and blue! so sorry for your loss!!!
IM INLOOOOVEEE WITH THE MOOMENT
my own version of anton
Good morning
Bless his heart
We're ready. See you soon Zambales
Cooking an Italian meal tonight .. still celebrating
The one & only !!! My
Cover page says it all. So proud!
Baby Sri
Yee Yee blessed to have a Brother like you
for a Tbh
Pure Art.
I lost many ppl in my life but this man made so sad
Safety is at the forefront. Congratulations to crew for a successful landing.
Germania
you guys honestly made hoco gr8 this year! so proud of
America go vote November 6th
Lynzy Lab Performs Viral Song Scary (for Boys) via
My friends are the best
Forever loves
This thread is done. Would appreciate anybody who RTd this
Who gets to be this amazing
Exactly they are sooo cosy actually in love Omg yes you do sweet forget your winter coat to keep you warm
My baby boy and baby girl
Getting ready for another day in our Wilmslow Showroom
I love chu Percy
Go for it, Mojo!
You are too
She's so perfect
at Appleone Banawa Heights
My Dm Is Always open for U Sweetheart
Alright my friends, I trust you I probably won't write myself, but I will gladly organize it again :3
Ezz shoes and slipperss
Valentine
This year you're mine love_ruhi!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
RT babyosh0412:
Good luck.
HAPPIEST BIRTHDAY RI!!!!! I love you forever!!
My sons is so big. At Berry Farm he wins that giant green skeleton. My niece sees it and really wants
Thank you so much, God bless you
Same I Adore you shawn
My whole
two people, together forever, security in life & someone to love ya
O JIMIN PURA ARTE
OLHA ESSE GAROTO CADA MOVIMENTO QUE ELE FAZ LINDO
Love you Beautiful You always brighten my day w your heart and soul
Playing this Solo Tournament come wish me luck and help me get Twitch Affiliate!
[Team:
thanks for hanging out
decided to do something different and dress up a little!
played fun games with
Thank God for my dude and Bells
HHN'8 with boo Fcking love ya so muchh You spent ur freaking money everything on me n i hate myself for
Love your animated icon
He's all set to spread magic like he always does!
Where do you get that poster !? I so want one !!!
THE MORE THE BETTER, thanks
sheeeesh I love fast car and loud rides
One last shift tapos uwian na
Act I
Act II
Act III
Act IV
Act V
Bagussss ijin save ya
HOW ABOUT AMAYAAA? my whole family love that series
thank you everyone for all the support
Yeah - because stay in your pigeon hole
Queen
La quiero
Despite of all, still, you are my long distance best friend I lovee youu Hanina
A Rocket To The Moon
Happiness or sorrows
Nothing can be forever because we're temporary
I love love, I love it so much God is showering me in it daily
My heart is so full
La mejor sonrisa del mundo
Can i be the one to say that zayzal looks like a grown baby with a beard. I love it
Chameguinhos
" Be strong and stay positive ".
Mummy loves you! Call me when you arrive!
Just happy Abschluss Speakertraining bei Tobias Beck University
Congratulations
Oh home drinking my from in going to be a great
Sometimes storms will be sent to route you back in the right place, and I thank God for it.
Two photoshoots and one music video in one day, this life wild
Done wid all hoes i got my baby move around bihh
That is amazing**
I honestly hope for all of my friends to find meaningful and equal companionship and love
So sorry to hear that, Scott. I really hope you and Angela recover from your loss soon.
Saw Halloween (10/10), went to bww(7.5/10), and now laying down drinking a screwdriver (20/10)... goodnight
Forget all this fight bullshit and brawl it was nice meeting you today baby untill next time
THANK YOU for the most thoughtful review of our self-titled record! You guys are awesome!
Alors dites moi tout
try to survive! Come hang out playing some
cherry myossom myulet
Fucking goals. They really put the phones down
Always proud of you babe i love you so much
RT babyosh0412:
Need someone who will watch tv shows and movies with me all the time
I want this shoe so bad to pretty I ittt
funny how my bones are saying the same thing
Your love never fails, it never gives up, it never runs out on me.
Owners of are used to climb those hairy mountains to get to the bathroom in the middle of the night
Watch Full video from here
Do share and subscribe for more poetry Kanpur, Uttar
Ani... Its good ;; i love a soft gummybear
I LOVE YOU!!!
Some old school Breezy rn
my cutest bb
thanks ces!! good luck satin, papasa tayo
Sexy woman
Join the Goats Stream and show some
Much love and respect to you xxx
my little sister !!! So proud of you and JR
Tree! all love bro!
Before the night ends HAPPY 21st BIRTHDAY wifeyyy !!! So thankful for our relationship !!! I love you
Junhyung-ku
Hadzisi nungo hadzo asi such mothers
Thanks sis
Mwah
Stills of 12 Years of JAAN-E-MANN for more updates
so thankful for my amazing friends and family for making my birthday so great cheers to 21 years
Dravid. Tho i love Dada too. But Dravid
I wanna marry the man that I have to give a million chances, because he appreciated me the FIRST time around
the best team in the world!Thank you for always being here with Zquads and x
Love you
Woahhh.. Want!
Naju_XV
GO MOFOS
A HUEVOOOOO, Date a Live, mucho fanservice peeeero hermosos openings que tiene
Feel the Difference
Offscreen stuff
a song for Kahit Ayaw Mo Na by This Band
I just love to see how idols from different groups interact with each other
I'm so happy for you both!!
Anita Ekberg
rumor has it your performance on was magical
Mas a jogatina foi show
New Poster
Gorgeous Sisters
Intrams na bukas i'll be back in the court
Hehez
-
Well, matured and open interview...
And
Thank you! You guys did great. The concert wouldn't have been complete without you!
I can now finally have some 'me' time sembreak, we meet again
Your endless love and support are what matters most andeng
Shooting Spot Pics
New Poster !
A great night at the Literary Cabaret tonight Thank you to all the writers & musicians &
Miss you & Love you angel. Hope all I well w/ you
Joyeux anniversaire ma petite bridg !!!
Watch broadcast: Welcome
memory
Where in the World Is Carmen Sandiego? / Windows / 1985
Oh , you've found my nan!
Another Sunday here.. Happy Sunday TwitFam
can't wait to see you slayin' the hard court next season
first dance ko rin naman si ano ate pero bat ganon? jk HAHAHAHAH yieeee
I hope you managed some rest
ilyt Jay, I'll do my best
These couples dollars was just twenties and this is what life is all about
Watch
on
Offline? Hit the button ' follow'
Blissful Sunday to you all
Other than that I had a really good birthday
Devils club bark Chef !! Dried and chewed. Elders swear by it.
I thought I was the only one noticed gdgdheh he really has cute dimple and he look absolutely amazing
MI SABADO ELLAS
My No Drama Llama Followers
is short, I have no time for
Wish you peaceful and chilling Sunday
already loving this
love means that love you and stand by you even through the worst of times....
Wishing you both a very Happy Anniversary May all your days be filled with Love, Joy & Happiness
I want a relationship where we can act like idiots, talk about the most random stuff, share music, and never get tired of each other.
hope you had the most fun tonight so glad you finally saw them after all this time!! pls
my mind be floating
Let's go fnatic
Waaaa! Thank youuu! Goodluck sa next stage ng life mo Eonnie!
Adelanto del book que me hizo mi hermana.
Literally me too. Love you
Bem plena
Using a picture from last date night because we take one tonight
macen is 2 enjoy these cute puppy pics :)
What a fun Sunday morning with this little one! Been a year since we last saw each other.
Valentine
This year you're mine ys_kdh!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Still Is leading at 32 per with kvb
Ariana Grande - Why Try (music video) via
100% true
...
For Americas safety vote
REPUBLICAN.
So sorry for your loss.
Bawas katoxican in lifeeeeee. Ahhhh heaven
OFFER STILL ADA PM ME ASAP
Good morning
Same with this guy
SEM DEFEITOS
Somnies~ >< Dreamcatcher's all-black performance was good, right?! As expected, our Somnies worked very hard
Only HE satisfies my souls
God that was a great day
we deserve you mac, love you forever thank you for the years of keeping me sane
stay always blessed
Home-Based Online Tutor with Course Hero
Ooh mon chat
Best of luck Ouli for me you are always the best
Last night I saw you in my dreams, now I wait to go to sleep
I do it all for my little man
thank youu fit
You make skinny look good FAT BOOTY Thank you girly <3
Jsuis d accord
in love with the new chain i got tonight god is great
Peaceful, relaxing late Friday fellas sharing licks and hugs
I had the best day with my love
Please remove this
I just woke up and heard about Sauli's dad. All the love to you and your family We're here for
Awww Jessie I love this. so sweet!!! Beautiful ass family
Yes, Ate Shai. Thank you! Love youuuu.
+ ?
( & Follow
(
| |
faleminderit shume
RED
FB / RT
Nothing better than sitting back and enjoying a latte on a Sunday afternoon with friends
Best day with the best ppl
I added a video to a playlist -
tots kay march blessed to have him and one the best people i have ever met
Higher Wire! Definitely my favorite off this album.
Bry bry baby
really took the shoes off. Soo in love with this woman
This adorable dork
Spoiler
-----
Lip product : Innisfree vivid cotton lip tint
From : kmarketid
Lyrics
Merci !
Thank you for appreciating our work
The scent of coffee
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Taylor!
We this picture of 2 of our visitors enjoying our Spooky walkway yesterday. Excellent costumes too girls.
Our
The Demon Dayz concert was ridiculous, loved it!
I Love Babies !
be okay Coleen. Trust in Him.
That sudden price drop tho
Inspired always by people like you Thank you
I all coffee!
Worth it for being this damn close to Damon Albarn
I love you hmoody
Tribute Video To Our "Prince"
Done By
THAT'S ME not big on the art style either. Same
My mom is the best chef in the world
Homecoming night was one to remember
I LOVE U!! I love you too babe
Hope you find Ray soon!! These little ones belong together
Of course I need to miss you, such a special and a unique person. We all miss you here on Twitter
Tis a good art
aww this is so heartwarming!! we love you so much
Con la mejor de todas cielo
My two favorite things: and goats
already loving the origins era so much
CEMARA eau de parfum for men & women
Get closer with Christ pick up your bible and get to know Jesus for yourself from Gods word
I needed tn with my franz and my man
My Dear Thala
Valentine
This year you're mine love_ruhi!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
You're truly an inspiration for me !
Beautiful soul
bawi ako next time
I love u if I say sleep tight
hoping and aiming for better dayzzzz
TE AMOOO
Surprised mel with drake tickets
I adore you! a star is born is an incredible movie. I'm without words..
Yes, ma'am
gonna start using a new hasthatg on Instagram too! (Happy Lana and Rusev day)
Luxury Drop Crouch Pants by YoLineXL come with me and take your fashionable wearing!
She is a princes guarded. By a bridgetrol. And a army of goblins. I want 2 bite
I Nutella too, but alas made of milk. Maybe they could do a soy or coconut version. ideas...
Done Followed, Liked & Shared.
my bestie Thanks saying you always forever love me too . I always forever
Glad you love it
We all deserve a healthy & happy life
PLEASE keep uncomfortable as possible, y'all
RED
FB / RT
OMG OMG!!!!
That means a lot
Appreciate people who see me at groove and tell me how much they fux with The High End Theory
I have these games :/ But I can watch this stream
enjoying myself rn
Naks!!!! Lahat masaya ang pasko!!!!!! wishing you all the goodness in life.
So dope dude
ya psyke
Counting down the hours to taking my dad to see you on Tuesday. He kicked cancers arse and deserves a bucket list treat. You Dad! X
Happy Birthday Chavo! Hope day is filled with happiness and lots of love
happy birthdayy all the best david!!
resist
Zabardast
I appreciate her so much
If he ain't kindest man alive , i don't know who is . i love you sfm !
Gordean, such a great couple!
Sunday rides are always the best. Gallops Food Plaza Anand
for you kids godfather.
She is a sex goddess isn't it ?
Look at her face and her structure
Blessings on blessings
Thanks Coach
Good morning .
wait to start Christmas shopping when I get paid
Happy Birthday Toneeeee!
I am offering meaningful support
17zada
Congrats and goodluck convo
TWENTY88 reminds me of cause she put me on to Jhene
Positive vibes! showing their support to
Beauty will only be of passing interest not the entire purpose of a persons life
screw u, in the friendliest way possible hehe thought i was over this now i have something new to do again huwaw
Loving the design on the teapot
morning
CUTEST BABY BOY
always better when together The Mango Farm
LEA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! stunning
the 2nd re-watch for Showa genruko ep2
Wow amazing photos
I love him so much
have a and
Do you remember:
( from
So Paboyaa whatever
TAKE CARE
STUDY HARD
Hello and welcome
Watch broadcast: Labour Long Weekend Follow Share Heart
Your the best Khalid and gr8 concert with Shawn Mendes I loves it.
I adore you
pretty please DM the both of us
[HQ] 181009
Hope you feel better soon.
Harvest...
baby so real & deep
Join the ZERO Fan Group now and turn your wait into fun, along with all the fellow SRKians!
Here
Soon
Who best to learn how to love and how to stand for the truth than Imam Hussain a.s.!
9 Days Left to Arbaeen 2018
BOL! I wish the cake was all for me! the peanut butter biccies on top were very nice though thanks Flora
I being a Coug!
Lovely photograph,so much love
Love is love
Love Yourself:Answer
What are you afraid of?
aww thank you
Beautiful family
Cunhadooo
Sorry b have dinner soon oki
Atleast ivan came on my behalf
Kadal theme
happy birthday momma Styles !!
Welcome
I choose you and I'll choose you over and over again, without pause, without doubt, and I'll keep choosing you
About Last Night moonshinemombasa
Thank You Partying with Africa's Youngest Trendsetter
Thank You Again For The
Beyond thankful for the family and friends that were there for me tonight. Can not thank you guys enough.
Ah. va nous reposer ! Bisous ma Christine
My
So, I just started watching and I saw you for like 0.02 seconds and it totally made the episode for me.
drunk people are so funny. i love these girls tho
I see your HALO
Bawi tulog+kain+stress free= SEMBREAK HEHEHEHE
Jefferson Starship
screw u, in the friendliest way possible hehe thought i was over this now i have something new to do again huwaw
Happy Birthday Maami God bless You and continue to grow your business.
iMessage games?? this shittt
Morning beautiful Spud and Chip
i was smiling through this entire video
u
To me you are perfect
Super Thank You Can't wait to see all the photos/vids.
God Bless You and the 3 blessings in your
Damn Excited
qt ng cake ni madam
Ada
Goh Liu Ying Journey of Malaysia's Sw ... -
Now playing > Mltr - 25 minutes.
What if a thousand sleepless nights are what it takes to know you're near
My best friend has had her baby and I be more proud of her
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Danika!
I love hard asf but when time to go baby gone
Goh Liu Ying Journey of Malaysia's Sw ... -
Goh Liu Ying Journey of Malaysia's Sw ... -
Hellojust dropping into say Thank!! you! for the like and to have a blessed day
Im still greatful that i still have you, thank you for everything tita.
blonde jeonghan wearing all black ughh my heart
Made by me
(Happy Birthday akka)
Love u too . I gotta come see you one day. We got some catching up to do
For keeps!!
Perdev night 2018
ICT1
Fnatic tiene dos grandes razones para gustarme, Broxah y Hylissang
This is beautiful.
Nam imbala? because wow ! Awumhle ntombi
this dog knows math better than me. 15/10
Watch right now om 12-2 pm Re-Live the moments of Life is
Zara's birthday party was good
Emang jodoh
tnks!
Can't wait for it Todd Thanks for sharing these little bits to keep us going till 3b Love you
Deeply in love with
Most adorable Khans are coming with in just 2 months..
All of you Get
Tribute Video To Our "Prince" Anna
Special video
VC
I future speaker
I this little lot...
davidmorris789
Bang with Me at
backroom casting erotic massage videos girl having sex
be watching this tonight at & we strongly encourage you to come too
Thank you
Here's Ggukie for you
Coeur sur toi
Huawei concept store now open in KCC Mall of Gensan.
Aww thank you so much xxx
Good morning
To stay at the Giraffe Manor hotel in Kenya!!
Thank you GOD for I you guys, michswab & eccessoriesbyellen!!
Starting the day as we mean to go on: watching Coco with my two not-so-little 'uns under a blanket.
Bless up fam. grateful
Miss my girl thinking about her everyday and praying for her strength in rehab. wait for a tweet /:
Wow lovely l have retweeted
happy birthday shelly
Hope you will find Ray soon!! precious ones belong together
RT if you want to see this LIVE!
Watch on Viu for FREE.
Happy 18th Marriage Anniversary Lala and Bhabi
MY PRECIOUS SUNSHINE
RT Watch
on
Offline? Hit the button ' follow'
Buongiornissimo
"Gripping !!! I gave this book 5 stars because I thoroughly enjoyed it."
been holed up in my room all day. Reading some of my pocketbooks again which been addicted to since highschool. ahhh life
Raquel Sulton says hello everyone and thank you for your prayers and support.GiGi Love Tyisaiah Love Yvette
We motivating people - road safety is our passion! - because we you!
Jackson
Yes Give Thanks!
Jackson
thanks love !
So proud of you
Thank you Junyoung I love you
Jack and Jack are the best people in the world, they mean all to me
Jimin won in life!!
I'm in love with life
I don't know
Good morning all, have a great day
my loves
LiveMe-Live broadcasting community
[ Life In Liverpool ]
For More Amazing Photos & Photographers Check Out Our Instagram Page
Thank you! Appreciate your friendship!
Nik & Marley Cat (ngremmy) October 21, 2018
happy birthday Jeff. God bless you
now: Breakfast on with Ben Watson until 11.
We
OPEN FOR ORDER
10% off for graduation bouquet + free wish card + RM5 off delivery charge.
Follow us
super!!! esp meeting new faces...
me instant connection talaga
REALLY FEELS LIKE...
H O M
I love my hair
Ohana means Family and no one leaves behind
meu
Have a account? Leave and get a membership with me today!
Maestro Jalife
Exploring Verucchio... 6 anni
need to nowhere fast,
enjoy right here where we
LOVE
you can do whatever u want love! we'll love you anyways
glhf Fnatic u got this
MY ALWAYS
How about a double tap for our girl right here? :
THANK U!
I missed things today.
Sending lots of positive vibes and love!!
Love is such a strong word
Remember The Time
JannaWilkinso69: RT JannaWilkinso69: NEED any HELP at that ??
Woohoo !!!
Brazo De Mercedes ( Cupcake )
Thank you My durag got here Today And I feel like Superman in it
The scent of winter is near
husky (0.1.0): Git hooks made easy. Husky can prevent bad git commit, git push and more woof! -...
Wearing a mask of "I'm fine" when we're not is exhausting. It's time for us to drop the mask and open up
What if trials of this life are your mercies in disguise
done it again; Thought Pool is so fresh and enjoyable
Crawford Collins, SMILE SMILE SMILE SMILE SMILE!!! You are so cute when you smile and my heart beats for you
hot_pcy_pict:
Higlights for this dayyyyy
Happy Sweetest Day to my sexy chocolate honey bae
But these life-changing moments can be a beautiful thing
Safe travels 1 or 3 points would be nice come on boys
didn't want to cry but-
been plenty
Sexy beautiful movie star hollywood
Good morning fren! Hope you have an amazing Sunday as well
Love you baby thank you for your friendship
es mejor?
Ter Stegen
Oblak
WILD AT HEART !!!!....
NIKKIE stralend
it's just a feeling
Always take care
J
Tysm dear Nicky, ur an angel! Love u and miss u so much. Gdnite sis, contact u tomorrow.
Take a look at Michal Masalski's re-design concept for salesforce! Hop over to share some "L"
Who love Clearly these guys do. Showing off their for all things with a
Dinah Jane let your smile changes the world but never let the world changes your smile
Look at my friend looking smart and gorgeous so glad you having a fantastic time. He is a
Chen in a futon [Touhou] Find more and related at Anime Lovers WorldWide
Awwwee my pleasure
A tear jerking drama with a happy ending as I walk towards my Father
Official proof that pit bulls are the SWEETEST
The Dodo (dodo) October 21, 2018
Bang Chan(the blonde one) and Hyunjin from Stray Kids!
NEWSFLASH: The Dream Team will play their first set of the weekend together from 9am on Sunday morning
c_isabelromero javilayunta RaiolaNetworks rmcgalicia
c_isabelromero LubiansLuisa RaiolaNetworks Gracias Luisa
Proceeds from it are going towards wonderful causes too
Ang pogi at ang bait ni bro Sobrang thank you for this. See you again!
Homecoming night was one to remember
Love has no race
RT fromis_bot "RT fromis_9_Lee:
One of my weaknesses is I have a big heart
PSA if you watched on Netflix, your sleeping. Arriba las mujeres
Streaming over Love and Fall playlist on Sunday. Perfect weekend
What a pretty wee thing.
Some funny pictures from the photoboth at my sisters wedding
Ikaw crush shempre.
.#ilpHentai
TheSenpaiOfLewd
Hentaiidxd
SqeakyChan
Unsay course sa imong crush ?
Me : HM
a fun show lmk ur schedule. Would love to see u too
U all calling Ye crazy buh he finks of the best gifts ever.
If need something to watch then please check this show out so good
yes, always welcome love
A perfect illustration of why I love Scotland. So many layers of history
I also really love my boyfriend (last picture is blurry but I took it as proof of when I beat Ian at pool)
.#ilpHentai
HentaiTeengirl
KittyPervert
SH1R0Lewd
Gardner Minshew the Second
Sounds amazing!!! And I hope you tip well!
City very beautiful
why i said most of the time b, sometimes it actually is that deep but sometimes we have to protect our peace.
Those conversations you skip sleep for.
Today, Xaviera avail include room yaa~
Hanya beberapa slot saja.
RR by DM
Los putos van a bailar, yo me quedo pichuleando
RT BBC " A father has used Birmingham city centre billboards to thank the hospital staff who cared for his
Happy legality, hope you enjoyed last night i love you
Looking extremely beautiful
.@priyankachopra attends
RT annecurtissmith: On my way to Glorietta! See you guys there!!!! blkcosmeticsph 2nd floor Glorietta 1! Traffic be kind!!!!
Tae is Choco bread QwQ oh my goodness
My whole heart & My heartbeat My Sim Love you more than words can say...Happy birthday my dear
Pues nada, ya me tienes
Happy birthday love
thanks Jay...
The dance practice looks so great my 1st time watching it clearly
Yap sandiego Ancestral house.
MTVBaseAfrica: RT MTVBaseWest: years ago when he was in An amazing journey it's been wandecoal
MTVBaseAfrica: RT MTVBaseWest: An amazing journey it's been shattawalegh Thank you for the timeless music
Ayyy my bro!! I miss you too. Appreciate you. Much love
for a tbh
Thanks Carlos Nena_Fan1 ViviAzu01 pucca_girl01 Mechis_M Saori__M No
jgh from home chz haha
D-Don't look at me like that senpai!
Senpai, is so cute today!
oH No No No DeAr GiRL
Ayown
WindhoekBeer_SA: The for Best Shisyanyama is on and it's only getting hotter! this
We love that Buster s his treats! Thanks Neil!
"I dont need the fairy tale book anymore. Be with me" NYAWAAAAAA
Eres una chingoneria Sheyla ily
-you are your own light.-
Sobre o role de hoje ?! Foi insano
I absolutely this! I see this behavior more with my student-athletes, and we work together on overcoming on a
YASSS It's time for a great show Babygirl1113:Hi my
Eu amo essa frase
Hina Khan
follow and like
Remember me
Though I have to say goodbye
Remember me
Don't let it make you cry
For even if I'm far away I hold you in my heart ~
it's almost Halloween-Someone wanted to wish US
They look so beautiful I even! My honey looks amazing
Time goes by so fast
Late October
he's so sweet
Camilizer are the best
Congratulations That baby is hot
I'm just a queer trans guy in my final year of uni, making art and comics
Koreaboo: Congratulations to JYP Entertainment for reaching 10 Million subscribers on YouTube! There are so
Snapchat saw it first but yeah you could say spoiled
Yooonnnggiiii
martina facetimed me during deep red, deadly dull and daylily last night and made my day and week better
my happiest days are spent with you
all love over here! just my opinion tho
Follow everyone who retweets and likes this tweet fast. the
Get this shift done and spend my Sunday with
I love you too much , defo a date soon!!!
happy day! biscuits are boarded, i can't wait for Rosa
Biggest Blockbuster on its way..
Future looks bright baby
RT Monsieur94_sh: 181020 BOF
Happy 2nd birthday Bree!
Happy for you!!!!
So happy it's arrived safely!
ediyor
Had a great day today! Grateful that I finally got to see my cousins two kids. Great time with the family. I love my family.
follow his old acc got hacked
Kapatweets_Intl RT RT YorBadtrip1411: Ang heartwarming nung blog ni MrControversyX
These are the moments we've been clamoring about don kill that
happy early birthday nick!
Home is where the heart is
Lo
Pajama party was a success
RT babyosh0412:
Happy 6th birthday, baby girl Iloveyou always! Pakabait na ha. Mwaaaa. Igotchu always.
UNICEF: We School Superhero!
We have teamed up for our Join us! Submit your
Two news, happy & sad one. But i choose to get rid the sad one be happy
I was at 418 btw nawwww yeappp that "21st" is very meaningful to wannable :') we cant never
Mom and Dad
Went to the movies and seen Halloween... then slid into the movie The hate they give It was a pretty good day for movies
A lot of bad stuff, thanks for always being there it means a lot
Huawei concept store now open in KCC Mall of Gensan.
comenta, compartilha e segui
Baby goats in sweaters
Nature is Amazing (AMAZlNGNATURE) October 21, 2018
wish u all the best in ur life
Wow bebe is listening to No Rome daw. Grabe naman this kid
You didnt spoil it and I still dont know it thank you
Gmarket Instagram Update with Wanna One
HANDSOME MEN
Mis princesas las Amo
My bear~
Thanks for sharing!
Piss shooting from her ass into girlfriends mouth
Listen to | by Maha Khairy on
Camilizers are the best
Do you remember when you joined Twitter? I do!
My comfort zone
Omg! Thanks so much for this xx
My Most Fav DP
love you Forever.. Thank you for everything..
plain as anyone could see, simply meant to I love you my pumpkin king
Yugyeom
That sounds really yummy
Hi We'd love to hear by Ariana Grande please!
Love you guys
I love these pictures of and I
You are my sunshine
Wtf I had so much fun tonight! Love you goobers tons & I'll see you Monday for a possible
OMG! So happy for you
our time, twin
Pretty girl
Oh I just bet there is! Well done Sir!
I love you more baby
And goodnight to all these faithful queens
Aww, wonderful news!
thank u bb!
We'll have a TP to promote Dream Tour Pampanga later. Kindly wait for further announcements/official tag release.
Thank you
I really want to win this
Stay strong!
Update: eating pizza ordered by
Goodnight
ty for giving me the best birthday present I could ask for
thanks to cathhh, saver ka talaga!
thank you i love you
here for you luv got you always
he really been with me all day
Y nunca mas se separaron. Se unieron mas
RT Karne Me Na Koi Tax Nahi Lagta
Chalo RT Our Cute Bauaa
We Love You
Glad you're getting treated and are not alone I wish a speedy recovery for you and do put up a
Morning
John 13:7
Ecclesiastes 3
Oh! so he's that hyung!!! They look so close
Going To Take A Nap Enjoy Your Day With Love, Peace and Harmony Hugs & Love To All Thank You For The
milkysehun412: RT babyosh0412:
All my siblings mean a lot to me wouldn't trade them for the world
hot_pcy_pict:
Thank you
Great job!!!!
P, aesthetic af. Gaganda ng shots. Pati presets (if meron man) bait bait din
180923 Ximenting
[ pic part 1 ]
Thank you, KAG! I still kinda !
Please,Please,Please
So proud of you
sunday
Koreaboo: Congratulations to JYP Entertainment for reaching 10 Million subscribers on YouTube! There are so
Thnx amber
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Charlbi!
Dented cats are the best
180923 Ximenting
[ pic part 3 ]
let's go baby
I LIKE YOU KASE ANG CUTE NG BOSES MO + ANG GANDA MO + MUKHANG MABAIT KA, SANA MAKA CLOSE KITA HEHE
with get_repost
The Church of ABBA
Thank you - what a great night
RT AnwarJafri4 "RT AnwarJafri4 "RT anwrjfri_ "RT noorazrinaa: thefaizibrahim
Thiago never fails to make me proud I love you Bebe
If you have less than 1000k followers
Retweet
Follow all RTs
Follow all Follows
Comment ifb as many as
Heck yes we do! Im sorry I didnt make it to Ontario this year. Maybe next
ProjectCasting: 'STAR' Season 3 Atlanta Casting Call for New Talent leave a comment below tag a friend
This
Watch Srk rise up like a Phoenix
Create FREE Account
Sign
CC Needed
Tq Ums sis and tq to all friends who voted for me
Happy Birthday ! I love u and I hope u have a wonderful day!
I could not Agree with you more!
I wish I could this more than once!
Today's plans are to have a bubble bath, not get dressed, eat chocolate and pizza then nap.
You take me higherrr higher than ever been
RT AdultBrazil: RT AdultBrazil:
HenessyAlina
HardSexo
LP_FANATIC
AssReFocus
lovesafadas
RT AdultBrazil: RT AdultBrazil:
FrancysBELLE
HardSexo
LP_FANATIC
AssReFocus
lovesafadas
I love you more baby
thank you so so so so so muchhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh this is actual gorgeousness
OMG I'M CRYING, SO BEAUTIFUL CONGRATULATIONS!
haunted house extravaganza 2k18 wi/ was a blast!
your my fave you crazy ass bitch
all bro grades rl on point shawdy shawdy got brains like pops
- ewa w b3den ?
-
- glbee wallahhh
been amazing Sydney. Thank you holding back the tears! Community Day was amazing.
Most Transferred in Today
1) Mendy DF MCI 6.3 6507
2) Martial MF MUN 7.2 5852
3) Robertson DF LIV 6.4
Much. Much.
dimple
Fuck with Me at
christy canyon fakeagent hooker porn men eating pussy
Nunca Futebol
haha tackey still refused to accept that Pi is an adult now
Pi is a forever cutie in papa eyes
Tomy
Happy 16th birthday bb ! take care always, loveyou!
Dear Seoul, we've FALLen for you (again)! Time to re-explore the city now that the Seoul Fashion Week is
you will always beeee
So cute confused Sanggyunie know that Kenta was record him eating
He looks
15 years
Yesss goodnight too you to queen
Chandra
Si G muna talaga uunahin q before anything else hays when u put him first everything will follow ahhhh my heart
What a great weekend
+ =
&
TOP Day with MVIP
See you all
That evening Mnet open time didn't close after Carte Blanche. I'll never forget it.
: RT Alco_Guerrero: What a wonderful way to have a day...these kids!!! Thank you G!!! Lapu-Lapu City
Polish optimism
RT : Go to SETTINGS and make sure to enable the first screen feature
First screen will allow you to
RT : How to add friends?
Swipe the tab on the right of your first screen
Go to board and click on
RT : How to send tickets?
Go to FRIEND and click SEND ALL
Send tickets 3 times a day
Before 12am
Long rides w/ my Queen
RT : How to watch advertisement?
Watch 20 times per day
weareoneEXO
B_hundred_Hyun
RT : How to vote?
Choose November Comeback poll
Scroll down to vote
weareoneEXO
Taipan Subang Jaya
Seriously these two... I love them Yukan forever
RT AnwarJafri4 "RT AnwarJafri4 "RT AnwarJafri4 "RT anwrjfri_ "RT noorazrinaa: thefaizibrahim
What a beautiful family photo
Thank you . Thank you . Thank you
color of brockhampton... holy crapppppp!!!
Just Married Prince & Yuvika -- Team First Buzz
It's amazing how easily Jackbox really brings a party back to life and gets people interacting with one another!
Free singup Today!
Local girls share
At this time you need your friends and family close.
Like It or Love It Like for beautiful Daisy Shah -- Team First Buzz
Such a Cutie Family
Hema Malini with her Family
Follow
Inquiry iumarajaz
.
.
.
.
.
I got to see tonight and so happy
Rate the Look 1... Like for beautiful girl Aditi Bhatia -- Team First
I have never seen this video before, but glad I did now this was beautiful
RT babyosh0412: 412code
I'd die if he sings Way Down We Go.
Ah Sunday. The one day of the week I gift myself with not setting my alarm
morning Tessa and thank you
Boy you know I set it up for after dark
Sunday woken up thinking about boxsets! What would you recommend today?? X
Nothing can separate us from his love Romans 8:38
Shared by
Just happy Abschluss Speakertraining bei Tobias Beck University
thankful to have marj hayyy
and let the journey begin.
Youre always included sa prayers ko and otherssss
Can't express what I'm feelin' for you! I love you CK! Thankyou!
Apea Ke Sunday
SARA DE BLUE KOELL UNTIL THE MORNING LIGHT
This is amazing!!
Q : Hotpot or Yangmao?
: A Yangmao that eats hotpot
HES SAYING ME
Happy birthday wishing you a wonderful years full of happiness and lots of love
Allah is greatest Thanks Allah for
Gave me such goosebumps. Love this. I can only imagine how EXO feels hearing those amazing chants
181020 BOF
Tonight was so much fun though! Totes worth it.
I feel so lucky to be with you
3 - Pata Nahi
5- November 30th
46 -I Love Him Very Perfectly
32 -Yes,With Amaal Mallik
25- Science And English
L, ganda ganda neto super. Chubby is the new sexy. Sexy na may chixx cool ng unif mo bagay sayooooo. Hehe Gbu always
forever my fav song by logic ive been listening to it since it came out and it never gets old
Allah is greatest Thanks Allah for Allah
Congratulation
Jess came through
Hola 7w7 yo los shippeo... amo este shipp !!
Happy Sunday people, may God bless you beyond your expectations.
Then that is very special.
Aww good for Nathan I love him
Today I felt like a little kid again. Thank you
Me and my man
Thank you, lovey that means a lot
You wanna talk? And you're welcome darling. I love you girls.
I miss my bf so much
Can't wait to hear you call by Kuya Thankyou!
The house is clean so I'll be spending today with my one, true love.
My PC.
semangat sender, hug from me
OK it's *130*277#
Koreaboo: Congratulations to JYP Entertainment for reaching 10 Million subscribers on YouTube! There are so
Just a big ass kid at
I like only chutney
Follow me! I give quick follow back
Innocent one
Check out those layers
I NYC. Watch this. awesome.
World champ di nuovo
Our slice of printed pop-up heaven on level one of Come by and say hi until early-December. With love
I WILL ALWAYS BE PROUD OF THEM!!! MY HEART
this was really good and wholesome
Diani beach is a must boo
thank you bb g!
I love this caption, and you're beautiful
Cant wait to meet cinta hati
I did. I talked mad game on before I knew him, so that deserves an apology, but for life.
i love you
hope to see you soon
Thanks brother
RT PERFUME_STATION: Thanks sis!
I just thought na u already forget me as your bestfriend before hahaha awiee iloveyou bibi
RT PERFUME_STATION: Thanks sir arnelepacta1 !
Or Angelina sort for angel
Off to meet mom ! Yay !
181017 this feeling He is so happy
Don't do this in the future anymore wir lieben dich und wollen alle noch ein bisschen was von dir haben
Happy birthday to one of my fav person in fd
Yes i irritate her i fight with her but yes then i
I live on the love of his smile
Wang promise i love this outing
Omg that was fast..
Suncity/ Khalid
Gatinha
Go super mum
Thank you!
love you
will be hot on 27th
Just wanted to share this in case you're having a hard time. It's ok not to be ok. THIS, TOO, SHALL PASS.
imyt luv but see you tomorrow
happy birthday
Toowoomba street art
Te amo *- *
I miss you too
Great night! Congratulations on another year baby girl
So true
Miss you boorat!!
)):
We Young by Sehun and Chanyeol reached 1 million likes! Congratulations!
One of the best parts
Th feeling was surreal. I
: RT StarCinema: Sulitin ang weekend! Catch today
I love my relationship to much I prayed for this type of love
Good morning beautiful people
Wishing you all a lovely Sunday
30 Aug 2016 to 21 dec 2018
Kaafi wait kiya hai, but we'll know the wait gonna worth it
Metages, This is the Best post of the year!!!!
Good morning
Take very good care of yourself a,lot and I very love you a lots forever as a very special very
The one thing you can control is how you treat yourself. And that one thing can change everything.
RT babyosh0412:
[update chara] hot_pcy_pict
My New Family
RT JVER1:
VOTE VoteMarsha
TENNESSEE NEEDS A SENATOR
THAT WILL KEEP AMERICA
Moving forward
A
my girl taking care of me with a spooky package
I love you mya you can get through this
I don't hate mornings but nights are my favourite
Too beautiful
9 months in / 9 months out
.
.
Hello prince can you check too? Happy 17th monthsary, sek
thank you sm homie !
Honestly had the time of my life Great end to homecoming
Yes indeed Awesome Song
All OST from this drama is a gold
RT iridescent_boy: 181020
milkteus
RT Butterfly412__: 181020 milkteus
Woke up to this in the morning. This is so amazing. I wish it will be me someday
preciate it my bro
Love you
Yaaayyy whoop whoop
true and correct
Nf
Girls night
This is so cute.
Thanks so much for retweeting this !
thank you!
U killed it
I'm in with and or maybe just lol
Ella Wheeler Wilcox
Little One
lol you big boostin but preciate that bro
Irish Jane Vesorio
I want them all! Yesterday was international sloth day and I missed it bc I was too busy for
- hi!! we are not mutuals but yukhei is v cute in ur icon !!! <3 and you ult 3 of my ult groups and i think
One month to go to... mode R&R AND project housebuild!
Caymans
.
.
tonight in Las Vegas 2nd time seeing him for me I was 8 the first time and 3rd
Nov 6
grabang dream yan ha instagramable demn HAHAHAH
That win was for you, Doug
Miss you Nena each and everyday, every hour, every minute hahaha haaayyyyy
YamiNoctis
Rias_The_Devil
4urielle
GumiLewd
Your Happiness depends only on you its your choice
YamiNoctis
GumiLewd
devotheincubus
Rias_The_Devil
TrashBoyAlex
Wolf__Killian
Toxiqueen
novachrispark
KittyPervert
Not sisters by blood but sisters by heart she is a part of my childhood and still is. Sometime I hate her,
I'll have to look it up.
Yieeee thank you
Akaba34
KurokaRoom34
GumiLewd
AttackThisAss
I miss that feeling with you
LOVAAA JUUUU TOOOOO
muito obg amor
Karedevil
Akaba34
Toxiqueen
devotheincubus
Rias_The_Devil
RT ETCETERA_98: 181020 BOF preview
Watching Kia's Event
Prefect
Update. Just ordered Uber eats and still dying
awakenings how I always love you so. My techno temple
Support
oh boy am inlove with the man named Kim Jongin
Thank you for adding Super Junior in the playlist we admire bilingual kings.
My favorite song is Don't Go
RT RT Awesome night tonight!
With the raid, yet again. You beautiful
Today 3.30pm at Don't miss it guys
Lovely
Them
Bonito tu
Good crowd at our camps in P&T colony at NA247 Karachi
To get teams add on telegram tough competition same team loss
Best day ever with the best guy ever. Thank you for everything
I miss cody so much when he works graves. Thankful for a momma that will always do fun activities with me
You gonna make me cry. you're welcome.
yes please!!!
This is How Kartik and Naira celebrated Navratri with family
VAR
happy warden richards is
Can you spot me?
Thank you William for this photo
retweet because Jimin's face 2nd pic
.. ur math is wrong but I love youuu so very much
eomma is very pretty and his imo gave us free Pepsi
Hope you have a magical day Happy Wedding day to you & hubby to be!!
Ft calls with him are great!
Good ass day at six flags fright fest man so glad I came
Ben nous on sait bien !
Again she is no. 1
... BANG
Happy birthday future engineer!! Thank you for always supporting me and believing in me! God bless you and may
Consent is so sexy. still thinking of
got served yesternite
will be hot on 27th
To get teams add on telegram
How is even real
B u r n
Thank you Sir Romeo Encisa Jr. / Moonstruck Creatives
Thank you so much masternim! Your pictures are so beautiful
We hit 7k subs already man I appreciate all of you fr especially you Ramsey , I'm glad y'all enjoying the
Birthday Kesayangan
Someday
Maybe always been proof someone can go through such ugliness and not become it
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY I Love You
0 4 : 0 8
hadashawanjiru1 Yes, true. And we have to love our life. It's the greatest gift we have ever received. The gift of Life. ~ Arlene
Goodmorning dear Ashishji
I love you, Kim Jonghyun
In Day Than in Night..
Love this Sunday.. love you
agree!!! 36? I understand why... but I will keep supporting him
number 3
Khamosh rehta hai magar he knows all
Logon ka kaam hai kehna
A very merry happy bday. Love you always
Always a fresh new day around the corner
shes so cute who is she???
THANKYOU AALIYAH!! God bless
Singafanelana futhi thank you so much my boo
RT : How to add friends?
Swipe the tab on the right of your first screen
Go to board and click on
RT : How to send tickets?
Go to FRIEND and click SEND ALL
Send tickets 3 times a day
Before 12am
RT : How to vote?
Choose November Comeback poll
Scroll down to vote
weareoneEXO
2005 he came to conquer & he did Today no need for it!
and friends
Countdown!
=
=
MashaAllah
Mela Varun
Mela handsome
My heart
I love my man so much
Je
Huge thanks di
Ladies and gentlemen , boy and girls, this is one of the best musically artist and actress
Old but gold
HAHAHAHAHAHA I REALLY LOVE YOU MON! LAST NA NI PROMISE
Lovely prize thanks l have retweeted
Bauaa Singh will win your heart with this one.
Best morning text.
Tumblr
These guys are from my village
I love you always thinking of you
You are beuatiful , no matter what they say
f I ever had a be you
LOOK OUT FOR YOURSELVES THEN OTHERS!!!!
I feel you, I've been sleeping since yesterday at 3pm because I couldn't keep my eyes open, fingers
Mood
and all members of has MIDAS TOUCH everything they touched will turn to gold!!
Love that montage! Too cute! will definitely miss seeing Shiv up on that stage when we come next.
I always think agr ozilinaa chali gai twitter se twitter ka kya bnega
minyoung dancing to ariana grande's god is a woman! i'm crying she snapped and she did so well
If it's nice post it twice.
The love I have for ME
Be there in a bit
love you all
Yar ye Jalota kya kr rha No.2 py? Both SreeSanth and Dipika deserves to be in Top 2!!!
I can feel your energy coming
thank u Jonathan! U rock! See u again soon! much love
I love you my spirit human
Mader Sitang. I love you and God bless you.
rina, keep the positive spirit flowing
I love you
That love shit cool but i want you in yo bag just like me
Fucking With You
I love all my other brothers just as much too
Shipper talaga si Donny ng MayWard HAHAHAHA anyways Gusto ko yunh pants ni MM here and the matchy top with
Hermosa noche
Miss you hope life is treating you well
Now I concur ... I am an Ibadan boy!
I love this city
Te amo
happiesstt birthday Harshaa.. stay blessed girl wish you all the love.. Happiness and health
hehe
I and
this sound
despite loss we still
The acting so on point & the dialogues were Hilarious I LoveLove this
Are you moving your kamar to this sick bass line?
Stream to get moving!
LINK
Valentine
This year you're mine carrascoynnick!
And you, whom will be yours?
Thank you agapi mou. I knew she knew but today she actually spoke to me about it.. it was unexpected but bloody amazing.
from the beginning
b strong my gay bb crying over cat is just a waste of time and energy
BTS IN PARIS !!
Thank you so much for this concert, it was so amazing !
Merci
Ayabayabayu
BABIES MAKE JUSTIN SO HAPPY AWE
Koreaboo: Congratulations to JYP Entertainment for reaching 10 Million subscribers on YouTube! There are so
Finally a photo of Mummykin and bubbikins trip
Voting Poll No. 2
Who is Most Strongest Contestants in ?
Retweet & Vote
*Based on Most RT & Like on
thank you for sharing. all been there and getting out of that cycle is tough. Hope you recharge over half term. Big hugs
my man
Thank you so much brother
We got this, Titas!
That's AHAD RAZA MIR for you!
Everything is gonna be okay if you believe it hwaiting sender!
Come here baby im here for you
Although we divorced and hit some hardships learned to love one another again as friends
Everglow!
Congrats KD chan!
Awww thank you so much sis, I love you too
Idk what I would do without my friends! I thank God for all of you hoes!
have a nice nice day, sir
Lol, I follow Sha
Thank you for blessing us with your music
working at my mans favorite restaurant again and i wait for him to come home so i can take him again
The 1975, Lany & Lauv
You're more important to me than you'll ever know, keep being awesome.
pls enjoy
Ay tan tierna, te amo
thankyouuu love
Thank you
SIGA TODOS QUE FAV
SIGA TODOS QUE RETWEETAR
SIGA TODOS QUE COMENTAR
ME SIGAM
mano te amo tambem
Ohohoho heart
Hope all had a wonderful weekend
Really looking forward to David Beckham interview, Will
That's sweet. Happy Birthday to your mom, poki!
miss
what a lucky thing
Always
Don't worry baby!
The One and Only King Kohli
Forever thankful for your uplifting love fufilled music you will never be forgotten in dance music! Thanks for
HOW TO EARN MORE :
1) Change your nickname! Click on the menu (3 lines on top left) and go to your profile,
Valentine
This year you're mine MHND_Bu!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
good more Love and Respect
Thankyou, tuki!! Love you too!! Yes yes God bless
still one of my favs tho
Yes King
Have a super sunday
Same!
So, they say this is the month of witches...Are you preparing your Halloween costumes?
Ahhhhhhhh.
Love it It looks so good
Always and forever in our hearts
Trust me I will and okey dokey will do
Never apologize for living your truth babe.
It is ways okay to not be okay
I'll try a nude on my nails before i do a bomb red
thank you so much x
There are so many beautiful figures
She said yes to the dress!! June 1st come soon enough so blessed to be a part of your big day!!
Granted my love
This is so sweet!
My Girl The Only Person That Understands Me
GOT A STREAMING PC & CAPTURE CARD AWESOME GAMEPLAY: via
WannaOneUpdate: Ce& ig update w Wanna One
your outfit + makeup are beautiful here! i love this look
Happiness looks so good on them after so long
WE STAN!! Blackpink and Dua Lipa
Sono bellissime
Why Don't We - 8 Letters
shett. the vamps
If you beat join had a little play around layering up some sounds in the TR8
I
Happy birthday boo hope you have an awesome day.. May 27 be better and greater
and RT
Beautiful photo
I love you allah swt
Fam
Love this group.
janinegutierrez IGS
Making clean the our skin by rich foaming. Our soap can it And give a skin effects from vegetables, fruits, herb
Wish ya all a wonderful Sunday
Always in my heart .. Always on my mind
thank you so much
Comfort drink and food
heart to hearts with my best friends.. get any better tbh
Thanks beautiful!
May the father of my future kids have so much love like this...
Thank you so so much for coming and being a part of my special day!
Hello Fiona, that's wonderful , kisses
Deus na frente smp!!
She's so tiny next to Gfriend
Smol, fluffy Wheepup
Falling more in love is the greatest feeling
HappY BirthdaY Sweetheart
You're one of the sweetest bandi I've ever met on Twitter. May ALLAH fulfill your all
te amo tanto
Good Morning
thank you!
93/100
I want this
This is super cute jay jay and jalebi award ke asli haqdaar tum hi ho.. Was honoured to keep it to myself for
What a lovely poor thing os so scared. Seems he's found a new buddy.
Noted acu dundd
Rani, nielismath, 21oct99, paujin engga deng daniel, eommacity, armywannable
Good morning to all from Mediterranean Azur Hotel.
HipHop Tamizha
G10 Sardonyx
Happy 8th Birthday Daniel
Legend recognising another Legend
Happy birthday Brandon! Live your life like GOLDEN!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY psecqueen81
.
A fantastic sister, friend and gin partner
Love you .
We're lucky to
insha'Allah
You and !!!
It's all mutual Char.
Lool already forgotten
hanging with me and tonight
Find what you love, what you're good at, what the world needs and will pay you for.
Having A Wonderful Sunday.
We Keukenhof in the Netherlands
affirmation from the one and only
Welcome
Words of wisdom from tita krissy.
One of the most beautiful songs. That melody is
Sunday is peace day
I do that too! btw love you dash!!
Fr cant wait to see Pam's babygirl
EYES are pretty TOO. Girls look at me
IM NOT?! BUT THANKS ILYYYY
Me..
Thanks big boss
That's what we Messi fans are
Just read every single reply BARCA = MESSI Get well soon
We will
I'm so hungry. I think I'll go to a small restaurant and have a lovely breakfast by myself.
Welcome to your new family, Jodie June!
Happy Birthday love
This reminded me so much of the beginning of that
Beautiful misty morning
my birthday
Happy Birthday
s/o to my brother on getting accepted into grad school! love you brotha.
fix your PC servers, you
my VHope
so adorbs
20/10/2018
YOU ARE AMAZING ONLY THE BEST FOR THE RACE ....GOD BLESS YOU ALWAYS AND FOREVER
New video always super cute!! I love you Luc
Going through my finsta highlight of and my insta highlights are so perfect, like him. Like we were.
Scotland, 1743
Big Day Tomorrow: Breakfast With The Suegros Then Makeup Shopping With
I
hi ma'am i miss you thank you for making school amazing hehe Aww 'twas a pleasure introduce yourself para I
Thank you baby
is now live
Happy birthday Iove u so much and miss the great times we had Enjoy bb
always a beautiful evening for a run and talking to the night sky.
our year has finally come, congrats dad
is Back Match Day
All the best . back in Blue Jesery.
this sunbae-hoobae relationship
Amoo esses meu Cachos
Spent sweetest day with my girls and have to say this was probably the best one yet . I love them
Shaolin ty for the incredible work on this dlc
happy birthday bro
Happy birthday Farsh
Pa-click po nung picture and react HEART. Thank you!
Wat up,Nina We Have Thousands of Licensed Beats,Platinum Producers, & The Playlist
My fave guy Nashville, Tennessee
Gonna miss my cookie work life has been great with you gonna miss your stinky bum
thank you sm x
Such a beautiful story
Good night everyone!! plz make me regret going to sleep and let us breathe for like .5 seconds thank you
New video coming out on This Tuesday so stay tuned guys , Love you all... keep supporting us
We see you You hide from us Cutie!
That was soooo nice laying beside a sleeping cat, snuggling into each other for warmth. Been years since that happened. Lucky day
You got this girl
2018/10/14
Forever
High-Five Of Teenangers
Concert
Thankful for the solid ass women i be around now a days
A truly incredible story of survival, determination, and love for fellow man
Good morning
Thank you Dear Anna * hugs * stay safe in this crazy world
Good Morning and Happy Sunday. Bit of a lie in and ready for whatever After my coffee obviously
Omg this made me feel better thank you :((
Sunday arvo watching 'mean girls' with my 9 and 11yo boys
social ed, best teen film ever
Congrats on 2 years
Gavin have a jacket so he had to wear his sisters always a fun time with him.
We love you
Atentos
1er Fav = Spotify
1er RT = Fortnite Random
Follow
playlist
Thanks te
Congratulations Moto GP World Champion 2018
I an so exited for zero
Why sungjoy is THE otp
Thanks girl
Happy birthday my friend
so beautiful priyankachopra love you Haye
My pleasure
BLACK bhaijaan
This place is absolutely beautiful. What an experience
omg what a cutie i pun tak tahu how can end up couple bcs i tweet tu for fun je and
still just a tiny thing! Very sweet baby though, always purring
Everything will be ok!
Ma hart
a perfect job evaluation today
We just played a packed show in Omaha and my heart is full thank for you coming out and having a good time
btsportmotogp: Repsol Honda is a family
Marc jumps into his crew as he celebrates another World
bc in actual fact , i was passed out but thanks
We date if we have equal access to your money babe
TLC RUFFLE SLIT DRESS
250
Michael truly is the best
20181007
Daesung at the 16th Ground Force Festival
My two baby boys both now. be more proud
Anyway, time for a Netflix coma
Morning
thank you love
Jsuis accro ma
thanks bish
Quinn & her best friend Aylin at trampoline park yesterday
So glad ok!
so happy w the outcome of tonight
Merci
Of Ontario California lmao
Congratulations MTB on straight 1's!!! I really wish I been there with to celebrate but my body hates me.
Love
OMG, 4 of my faves (wine, netflix, mac&cheese, & John B) all together! I do wonder, do you watch your own
||
Dimples love Aria,
Congrats to Catherine and Austin I can't wait to sew the new princess. You guys have a beautiful family!!!
yaayy thanks!!!
Thinking of your neighbours family but also of your wife. I hope she is ok , as you say, everyday hero x
Hello my Prince
Could you dm me pls for a moment
I swear I have something important for you
love the third pic! so happy for u!
God please bless this baby and his mother
OMG
/ |
/ /
/
/_/
You got a hold of me the whole damn night
all the love homie
proud to call her my girlfriend
Random click Annaya
Redbus ad
Thanks, sweetheart! Just heading to bed. Love you so much.
Speedy recovery Leo Messi
Happy day! biscuits are boarded, i can't wait for Rosa
I will always stand by your side baby
I used to sing her name when I missed her. Meenarh darling
Cheesy but do
She's my everything Iloveyousomuch
The start of another cycle adventure for Matthew.Heading to Kilburn Good luck to him
whom we rescued in June 2017 She loves to fetch!
Thankful to celebrate another year of living
Because you cute in it and I love you moreeeee
kuzolunga sis
& looking wonderfully wicked!
Up next in the nieces and nephews birthday list - my favourite little make-up artist. Happy birthday Olivia
literally the guy version of me. But a whole lot better.
Valentine
This year you're mine MiaMoneera!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
these songs are POWERFUL
My special one,
My Treasure,
My love ; Who wants you dead shall go on your behalf. Every attempt to push you
I could never Imy already b
your hunger to learn which has made you unstoppable and incredibly talented. Good luck and keep it up!
Thank u
Aww, read this article, babe I know Bex liked Pantera (or Korn). And then
I did. And they're worth it.
Thanks!
I am sure about this one.
your shit is art. Please ever stop creating content.
Wavyuu mom have a safe trip. Another 2 or 3 years again fighting ! We can do this
there's no place like home
Fevilles by Ives Montand on
te amo mucho orne
Thank u so much
Sunday Funday with
My precious boy, I'm glad I'll always have you
The best
eu
wonderbat
Hourly Jonathan
Happy birthday papa we miss uu !
Happy birthday lovely!!
Everytime I see you smile, my heart smiles.
Noooo.
Picture credits:
wait to see tonight at UEA Norwich, incredible voice, fab music and a man with a big heart
Hope you all have a safe and warm Sunday
Prends bien soin de toi
I love you E... I mean Fins!
I truly loved everything and I most certainly did, gorgeous, thank you. I was thoroughly spoiled all day
Beautiful family
My is happy.
Love this man
Such a great night, love my friends & their family.
Happy Hearts
Las de siempre.
Risas.
Bailes.
Noches perfectas
gorg
i mishu
naman po pala HAHAH
I
Jose is literally the best thing happened to me
You can do it Britt!! I believe in you!!
I forgive you
I love this so much too!
RT Claressashields: Boxing very nicely BooBooAndrade you are moving smoothly! Being alert, smart, staying dangerous! Nice
become a housewife
What a gorgeous idea
everytime u and your son pop up I just get so happy. im ready for yall to win and be great love deji i
Morning have a good day xx
that 1 nct lightstick though
Much needed quality time with good friends today has left my heart (and stomach) feeling very full so blessed
las 2:14 am
Why so heartthrob Not really
Feel better soon, Lady. Foster momma is best momma ever and she will take good care of you.
Wanna one Thanks for the giveaway
So happy to be home with these lovelies
Raijieli by
Yaw ko na sayo selos akizzzz hahaha
Support jthree
I missed you so much so glad I saw you last night
I love you
Ulrich
never too late to apologise and never too late to forgive
Purple Blackberry Ombre Cake Would you Like a delicious slice?
Tag your friends.
Made by nezabudka_cake
Ganda ni mayora oohhh!!
gatas at choco ang hairstyle with nelly
&.
Hi, another softie-!
These two. Thank you lovelies. Tonight was awesome. The Teragram Ballroom
first time at the fair with my girl
i like daniel's smile,his eye mole,his laugh and i really love daniel when he on the stage i
Robinson's Galleria w fam
favourite person in the whole world
HAHAHAHAHA ayieee
Sammeeee
Maybe ...
gonna be the one that saves me
State Fair vibes with daddy
Grandmothaaaaa!
my only sister , best friend and other half of my heart. no words can describe how much i love you
Goodnight I love Corbyn and all my children pals
One day going to turn the $100 I give my mom to $100,000
Is not enough time comrade. Life calls but...until the next one
Day 62: I'll love you forever beautiful boy.
Ask
To my gay friend, I promise, mahal ka padin namin. May you have the courage to finally accept who you are and
the fucking boys. so proud
Roller Bet number 1
Make sure to like this tweet
Brisbane Roar double chance - Australia
support u
always luv u
Wishing you the best day home with No 5!
Either you have access or you're the sidechick. I ain't never lied.
I'm so proud of you We Stan the best!
ffess salam dari baso aci
20% RF6A2AM
Painting aurora. If anyone interested kindly DM me.
Thanks for your order
state fair-cutting edge w the best people on the planet it was a fun spooky
Koi na actually she's the joy of my tl and dm
Thank you, beautiful. Hope been well.
for a tbh
3 weeks are done!
.
The end of my bias week
.
Day 21. Key bumkeyk of SHINee shinee
.
.
.
EYES ARE PRETTY TOO. Girls look at me
he mades alot of improvement in our country specially for women
to this "Gnosis, Black Nationalism, Rice" by Scallops Hotel that I just added to my
Mnl see you next Sunday
Thank you
Much needed quality time with good friends today has left my heart (and stomach) feeling very full so blessed.
No Rome, The 1975
I Schitt's Creek!!
HAPPY RC SUNDAY
I met the Armenian Red Cross Society (ARCS) during the Francophonie 2018 which is an
I love you too!
7 lbs 1 oz & 20 inches
Hello! I am so happy to meet her fans all over the world! I will probably be there on 11th of
Take me back to the night we are met
Yeah i googled and ep 17 is on ed of october im so relief
So do what you want too
I had a good time in a while, what a night. Love my Bff longtime
Such a fun night with my baby
Always!
Happy birthday to my queen and idol
I Wanna Be Down -Brandy
HAPPY 22ND BIRTHDAY TO MY BESTIE I love you and hope you have an amazing day ! see you later
Happy birthdayyyyyy.
The trio will never be complete without you! One day when does theatre, all be there
YES NAMAN!!! Pati si at buong Belle y'all are beautiful souls
Y PENSAR QUE PODRIAS A VER SIDO VOS UNA DE ELLAS O UNA MAS .. PERO SOS FUERTE
the hardest saying good bye to melice every time she leaves back to college tbh...
Awwww! You are too kind!
Hoco was lit af!!! thank who made it memorable!!
your 2016 and 2017 look... I can't wait for 2018!
such a blessing
"You're just a simple one that can throw a bunch of confetti."
MAG-INA TALAGA TAYO NAK. HAHAHSHSHSHHSHSHS! PERO SOBRANG PROUD AKO SAYO KAGABI, NAKIKITA KO ANG SAYA MO TALAGA.
ctto
I adore him
I love my friends honestly
Worked an 11 hour shift and came home to my friends and most importantly my girl idk about you but winning
Love these boys so much! Crazy, busy, and blessed weekend so far. Radford, Virginia
That's
Have a problem | Come to me | I'll help anyone | Friend or Foe
Want you say you love me to
Dat dus#figureren i love iT
Thank you mga beshies. I YOU all
Almost there
WOW
by
just so adorable an perfect
Always proud of you
Sweet dreams Scott
Love to you and yours ...
My homie, lover, and father of our kids
PAKI-REACT NAMAN PO WAG LANG LIKE YUNG MISMONG PIC. THANK YOU.
I wish I had something useful to say Foxy, but just know you are loved
I am convinced I found the greatest human being on this planet
Thank you sa fooods
Last one check out that view !Cheeky bit of me on Saturday evening, why not !
1. 2. 3. 4.
Aajaw Faraz Sir Tumhare Waste Jaaan Hazir
Thank you for winning the title on my birthday A great birthday present indeed
The caption hits me to the heart.
Come home whenever you want, We love
mom is my favorite and she will ALWAYS be my favorite
Music Hero
I dunno if I'd be satisfied if I didn't have these two in my life.
Sure they can little shits, but
always looks soooooooo beautiful in his.
A new bud called Lotra!
We found them writing about hummus in Chi!
thank you emem!! iloveyoutoo
You are great at what you do and you do great thingsbless up
2 years ago, this journey began
Bianca
Good morning beautiful
thank you!!! have a nice day too
Supporting the main man
What a bittersweet melody... somehow calming too via
Hope you get the help you need girl hang in there love
His Loving Nature
The Way He Cares For His Fans
Such A Humble And Down To Earth Person
May Allah
Follow me
Have a blast!!
40
would be pleased if you could see this hope to see you again
This has made my day and warmed my heart and am so thankful for this particular miracle
Awww thanks girl I love you sm! I am so proud of you and grateful that I have you as my friend
She went BRAZY
Toronto would love to have you and Ja-Rule
letters, candy & a shirt with him on
Bit rough photos - hadn't got my open yet! When you can't take the gorgeous Sammy in but he has your buy him
Please take care of Leicester tomorrow
Gotta get a girlfriend so I can be with every day
gonna love anyway
Translation lvl
I lav deez gc
Sending love and prayers don't worry she'll fine
My favorite thing is when Zachary is sleeping and he pulls me in closer to him. Like could he be any more cute while sleeping?
I
love is not only something you feel
it is something you do
Yehes
That's stunning
you are the best thing ever happened to me.
Thank you, you're very kind
Good morning
Thank you for coming out
Great to see you
good morning and a nice Sunday princess
Without me, kupo, who would heal you when you're hurt?
Love this by
What do you think?
God Bless
few more months & we liveeee
THANK YOU BO4 GOD!!! GOOD SHIT ON THE 5ON AND STAY AMAZING
Bong Siha is such a cutie
going to miss you too sis but imma go visit you in your igloo
also i just heard the news that joy injured herself during redmare in sg!!! :( get well soon love injuries are
thankyou crystal!!
Thank you for doing these translations even when you are so busy yourself. an angel!
Hey guys I'm being dragged to fuck and back by Lebogang how's your Sunday morning?
Hii! Umm i wanna be friends with you, pero nahiya ako mag dm sa iyo. Hi! be friendssss
Happy sunday, God bless.
thank you ate hannah!! i miss you :---( i love youuu
Thank you for sharing
One of the best take downs of all time.
Urassayas Sperbund
Ctto
And I love boobies
I the new album.
I saw this with my own eyes too timed how can I be so lucky??? My baby is so talented
As much as I love being away from wisco, still home no matter what
Tina Louise via /r/Hotchickswithtattoos
Gd Morning my Beautiful LVEly DVE
Happy
Kim Namjoon
Kim SeokJin
Min Yoongi
Jung Hoseok
Park Jimin
Kim Taehyung
Jeon Jungkook
BTS
Never stop being a good person just because of bad people. They need our kindness.
Morning Sunshine Love
Lovely photo Kelly Happy Birthday to your hubby xx
Rest well my babies
BTSAll the you all
Congratulations for 10million heart!!!!!
take a look at my wish list here :
Very happy to read this Facebook post of on
- Do check and congrats again
I know you always give me power Gumawo Chingu
RESULTS
1st win 7-0 against Glynneath
Rob Cann
Gavin Williams
Rich Evs
3pts
// that's Mark back in the left corner with Ruth, isn't it? My babies
HAPPY SUNDAY
Thank you lightweight
oh yeahhh brudda
Family is forever
Want you say you love me too
ALLAH O AKBAR
praying for the wicked on the
pray for the wicked tour, panic! at the disco, october 20, 2018
I love you
thank you Maam!!
this is our year bro!
Thanks man
What beautiful words thank you xx works both ways Kev-la xx
7:30 Pilates :
Burning fat and thoughts
Ard bed time
I would love be caught red handed sexy baby love juice booty
thinking about you all the way home
aww, still ill be rooting for u!! your amazing gift for cy deserves to be recognized
I second that as well I love on celebs go dating what a cutie he is
My Fav Foood
Chicken Nuggets... Sauce... French Fries
PLK
We love youuuu
worry ken, still a bomb aweeee thanks hun
I raise you Chicago's classiest Meteorologist, Cheryl Scott (21 Photos)
More than just a friend to me
180923 Ximenting
[ pic part 1 ]
180923 Ximenting
[ pic part 2 ]
Thank you
Tohle se
180923 Ximenting
[ pic part 3 ]
remember the last 24 hours till the end of time
And we are all going to do you and memory proud mate
Welcome baby
180923 Ximenting
[ pic part 4 ]
You're AMAZING
180923 Ximenting
[ pic part 5 ]
Spent like 3 hours with my momma, tbh ask for advice from anyone else
I am so blessed to have the man i do
May we meet again
180923 Ximenting
[ pic part 6 ]
180923 Ximenting
[ pic part 7 ]
180923 Ximenting
[ pic part 8 ]
1200 WEEKS and still ruling our hearts The longest running film of Indian Cinema.
You have no idea what this means
I trust your house is big enough lol
You looking good even wrapped right up
not snowing yet through xx
O HAI HUNNY
Sometimes you just have to be thankful for what you do have, instead of focusing on what you have.
Normani deserves all the love of this world. She's so lovely, humble, honest and beautiful inside and out. i love and so proud of her
20/10/2018 - You are the cause of my Euphoria
mais moins que demain -Tae Tae
Multiple actually! J&K, Uttarakhand and Delhi too
"PAWER!!" I Aldubnation!
whats the perfect age to start dating Any age as long as you're mature enough and ready to commit to someone
goodnight
loving him was red
Qui vous fait le plus rire sur tous les week end ?
Julien Cazarre
Thoen
Paz Reina
Mother Nature is a true artist beautiful
Autumn is my favourite season
Going to collect lots of acorns today...
City of Demons: The Movie
nyebar love warna warni love
You will
Homecoming has really been treating me well from the Gym Jam, to the tailgates and block party, now
And then I realized that I still you.
SEGITUU DULUU YAAA INFO TENTANG BIDADARI KORIYA INII HEHEHEH
Heavy colour light bbff. Still a great short catch up.
& for more Videos!
When gone
The pieces of my heart are missing you
And make it okey
I misss u
Gaming + Sting = Love
Don't get used to pain, sadness or disappointment.. Baby go find happiness
You deserve it
s e v e n t e e n
Happy birthday to you, my love, On your special day. I love you now, and always will , in every possible way
Bring on the dancing horses
Woww your voice
Have a fabulous day!
One thing noticed have been that price for the longest time
i had a feeling it was jaylen. i just know if casey more but awhhhh i miss our drunk nights
Live on
Im having a Double OH moment
Want to talk about it? Dm me if you want
thank you so much bro
Nidhi be happy for yourself
Do people ever ? Most painful.
I love the design of your monsters man
Lol okay Keysh! I hope you get to sleep soon. Love you bud
Your gratitude and respect for your donor is just so beautiful.
please
The red packet
WoW. Si Ms.Yeng pa composer
Gracias por activar
My Sleep playlist is perfect for sleeping and Sunday mornings
I love this video so much
P O R R I D G E
The pfft pfft of simmering porridge on a Sunday morning
.
Taking Luke to his first junior park
RESULT
2nds won 3-1 up in Glynneath
Shane Thomas with a fine Hatrick
Like father like son apart from the dong
Thank you hun.
Congrats in ur successful series of shows at nationwidemore blessings to
Longweekend bonding, Thank you love I love you!
Thank you for the chance
One of my favorite songs.
~LUNA
Happy birthday to my babies love you girls so much
Love your tweets
"Hands Up"..the king
i just thank God he brought me from where i used to be
Everything about this
1989 will always be my favorite
Happy Birthday to Carrie Fisher | October 21, 1956 - December 27, 2016
Thank you ...
so content w life atm
We appreciate all the work you have put into making what it is
She's gorgeous
Amin canimm
Have a safe journey
&
Nobody captures the way does
Iyaaaa
thanks for the hug and comfort
I know you but here
thanks!!
Armaan Today is my B'day...Please Wish me and make it more special
Bought a bottle of wine for the game later. be cheering my heart out for the one big fight team.
so grateful for the best friends got who text me to make sure i made it home safe.
Yes.please
shoes to let go
Bought the wrong size
Brand new and comes with the box
Size EU 37, selling it for 48MYR
Love my two fav boys
doing great sweetheart
College Group Sex Party
The assist bruh what a pass then the finish to top it all.
Ep 12 finally bijj
Good morning he looks so cute
Nice with ice
Big to all on for adopting me yesterday - quality day out
Wizkid - Shout Out
Uy. Daming time haha.
Thank you and all the team for an amazing year
The Wijaksana Weekend
Thanks dococroggo
Brandon's cousin could use some prayers and positive vibes. He is not in good shape and could use all the
Listen to Yiruma - River flows in you by Awful Piano Sound on
This piece is just
I have no idea what talking about girl, but Thank you
Still she Kolkata is in her country toh chance hai dn't lose hope
Happy 10th Monthsaryyyy love thank you for everything!!!
I think you nd joe should now be an actual couple
finally berakhir...tahniah
Happy anniversary Wishing al happiness always..
Ma sha Allah
Love this! Almost definitely wouldn't have had a voice left if I'd been there..
:( that time ngiyithandani
moonshot x BLACKPINK ACOUSTIC NUDE Feat. ROSE
Lovely thanks l have retweeted
My beautiful family with the beautiful sisters in laws too.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
- (Bring back to yesterday story
We liked it
Javi makes me the happiest
RESULT
3rds beat Llandarcy 2-0 with goals from
Carl Weaver
IMISSYOUTOO BES!!!
and RT
This.
Tmj meu brother
Valentine's Day // Lany
Had a good day just laughing and dying gonna finish it good good night a nigga tired
so pretty!! Thank you!
Thank you i love it so much
My akai
Love you
Glad you had a great time must have been great singing at a wedding which is their special day x
Together we stand tall. We will not stop.
Best night ever with Even loading the equipment up Hella blessed for the opportunity
So proud of u all
I'm not a blind fan but I won't lie I loved every bit of the IV
Happy birthday BABY
More Grace and God's blessings on You
it's my birthday :)
always so thankful for donovan
Anyone can become a hero in his/her life even being a Zero
Kisses for you too love!
yess
If your anything like us. We Waffles!
Vegan Red Velvet Waffles
Once 'dieting' or as we like to call
Fan edit by
Support and follow us
Kaali Dfc-Dharmapuri
...
LIKE
COMMENT
SHARE WITH YOUR FRIENDS
FOLLOW ME FOR MORE
...
and ill always support you, my love
Happy birthday a really loved person!
Corporate criminal dialogue delivery
Elas
Love it!!!! See ya there!!!!
- 4
Good morning
Arrived in Taiwan
18.10.21
naraid66
pdomapa%kybq
Seen my lil sister tonight
Ooh maan Love and Light upon you guys.
I just saw your brother on stage practicing.
Thank you asap
shoutout to my cat for standing at the door whenever I come home
true love
Sundays at its finest
I Really love this picture. This is Actually the picture that made me fall in Love With my body, and all its
happy birthday
2 years today and no baby! Many more to come, I love you cabezon
The one with "Miles Finer" in it.
Grand Album Launch at SM Skydome!
at least she is honest with all of them
totally goals
Good morning, Rosetta.
x
enjoy your Sunday. We'll be on our travels a little later on.
You are the most adorable person ever
I love you follow please
Twice yes or yes
We still have one more day before i go back to school princess
yesss
Zari
Pant gets his ODI CAP FROM MSD All the best champ Rock the field
Mmm that red jockstrap, looks so sexy on you
I you, Mr.
Thank you!
Our former Andrew and Kyle
So beeyooteefool
Thanks brother, love ya
Sometimes the longest connections yield very little growth, while the briefest of encounters change everything.
ifb
I love this woman
.
.
.
Triple H - 365 Fresh
This is beauty
(Prettiest girl i hVe ever seen on twitter)
Behind every successful women is herself
stylebysf
urvashi_mua
glamchic.official
You were super impressive friend! It will be my pleasure to link the two of you
We love you Ed!
You have a beautiful family
Please keep your great work!
Happy smiley
Til husbaby comes home
yie thnak you !!
Me and my man
Chocolate mint
thank you!!!!
No Mahn I want ... Their official interview post marriage
Minha de
Love.
P.S I am still not over this.
My queens
I this cat. Lol
I've never felt more confident in my own skin as I do now and I'm so happy
oh my god
Aaega aur chaega
HAHAHAHAHA
Home sweet home
Where the sun shines and love always blooms
amei fotinha
A&T
Let's settle this LAUTECH VS UNILORIN shit once and for all.
like for UNILORIN
retweet for LAUTECH
Let's
.
GO WATCH
SIDDHANT KARNICK V-LOGS
. 'TEMPLE TEMPER'
At Siddhant's Youtube Channel
(Link in Bio) .. .
Kiera hadiahkan for real omg thank youuuuuuuuuu
I'm just speechless... Thank you!~ 10K impressions
Love you man! Thanks for sticking with me for so long
Our Mam always there for us
so lucky May Allah bless her with happiness
Happy birthday self
Everyone has right to post what they like not what others like
Jim & Pam are killing me.
Like, through the
Tears
Descansen mis amadas poshei y callei
If you MysterySkypes but have trouble with time zones ...try this out.
Introducing for more
thank you so much for the opportunity you lovely human im ofc ot7 but jungoo also kinda owns my
New Interview
my room looks so good wait to FaceTime nat and show her
Love u more
Enjoy with Qur'an
Surah As-Saffat (01-24) - Raad Muhammad Al-Kurdi
Welcome darling
Thank you so much for sharing!
Te amo nene
happy birthday Kunal Wish you all the best and I hope you had a great dayy please wish him
happy birthdaaaay hehehe libre naman dyan :) more birthday's to come. Godbless
Bff.
Aweeee, I love you thanks b!!
_
Follow Me
Like and Retweet this
Comment
Be active for Gain
I Follow Back
Broke his arm
Out for 3 weeks
It hurts
Yummy yummy delicious perfect so good gorgeous I like it I love it
Te amo Mami
Awwww bless her
ahhhh i love my theater fam, its always a fun time with them bringin out my ugly laugh nd shit LMAO
YIEEEEEE MAPAPANOOD KO NA PERS LAB!
Infinity War
let em know best
One of my favorite song
thank you charlie company for today bahala sunog puro laugh trip
thanks for stopping for the pic! Love you loads
I met him tonight and he is the sweetest. You guys are too fucking cute and I'm so happy for both of you
My Ellie before she passed away
Me and my man
Thanks love
Aww, thanks, Bill
On the set of ZERO
Victorious last song
Life is singing like as I rock my week old daughter to sleep.
Mother of the bride
I love animals deeply. Nice to see you do, too.
Love your heart.
I love you sooo much!! thank you for yesterday always here for you and I'm sooo proud of you
Home
Good luck
Ice cream then a nap.
My sons birthday will be November 1st. He will be two. November is my favorite month also.
Dresdenliebe
happy birthday my darling have the best day. Hopefully see you today. Love you lots
My friend is a rugby superstar well done on yesterday see you the finals
Love this
all work out xx
So much love for my block
Our latest guest review
What a place! Amazing, stunning The owners, the area are incredibly awesome. You
Oh how lovely!
miss performance today! He and his singers are sounding amazing this morning
I will always be thankful for all these people that i have in my life.
You look good in both sis
Can I frame this, everything I want and more just pulling out the softness late at night Jdbdjs
Know I pray you are resting in peace LLK
Welcome home brother
I know baby. Just keep praying
Your cast and creative would definitely not be ready without you.
Morning juice
Baby Chanwoo is so cute I want to hug him tight
Hahahh fam
Love homies
Thank you bby
Holyshit my man omg he's eating good
my girl
Goodnight everyone, leave you with this gorgeous but smelly girl
Laying here, scrolling through Twitter at 3 am, and my 5 year old rolls over and says "Daddy, snuggle with me."
My Christening was made more especial because of your presence. Thank you very much for your love and generosity.
Love,
Xyryl Waffiyah
He looks so much like the pics I've seen of you.
Congratulations Nang Bing and Nong Tope!
at Nelly's Garden
He's so adorable without trying ugh what a king
we know but thanks
I'm so in love with my man
Best unbiological ate, ate ysa
I don't know what the future will bring but all I know is that I'll stay by your side. Thank you for being my
He's so cute, right? Thats why we cant help but him
Autumn in my home and outside the country
Some of roses that I give you from tree leaves
my hoodie until I get you a chain, rocc the chain until I get you a
We perfect
ohhh thanks!!!
Tiny pink spider in a big brown house for Threshold. In memory of Chloe
|| Off to bed. Be back tomorrow.
Here's one of my favorite pages from the manga.
Night.
Ohh my Baler..
Baler, Aurora
Dzisiaj swoje urodziny obchodzi - tata Jacka!
Happy birthday for the best dad in the world
Love her so much prayers for her mom
God I love Even among tourists taking selfies. I know I am biased, don't care.
Positive affirmations constantly daily
Dekh Ke Tujhko Dil Ko Mere Chain Aata Hai
Inspiration
My hyphen and army heart
(Used to watch shuichi every week because of Nakamaru Yuichi)
Aww so sweet, he will have a good home at you
bawat sasagot ako.
My bf just sent me the cutest selfie of him and my heart melted :(
If you ever need, dm me! Take some rest and the time that you need, it will get better
Me and my queen
worth the wait
we love you Music Hero! welcome home!
So happy my mom will be here next week. my girl frfr.
Sml thanks guys
Thank you so much. Your kindness is deeply appreciated.
my Bike
mindsetofgreatness
Congratulation
Stir Fried Noodle Time!
Grab these Nongshim Ramen in Robinsons Supermarkets at a 10% Price Off!
Thank you god for my grandmas 89 years of life, im so grateful
Salem Witch Trials Hoax and Psyop! Exposing the Puritans!: Some Good News
Eres la mejor
sarap sa ears pa!!!!
Thank you GOD
is at Lourensford Market today attending Lourensford Sunday Market at
trending at 4th position in India with 2.5k+ tweets.
Luckily i have my best friend the only one bestfriend
I LOVE YOU TO THE MOON AND BACK
Otp with her the best
Ameen
Bless you Gorgeous
They love their fans so much so perfect
your brother is just about to perform again
So happy to be born as a Chinese
Hi, your favorite cartoon has grown into an adult now, complete the vedio check
Watch.
Beautiful Views of Gilgit.
Beauty of Nature
HAPPY SILV EN JUUL DAG
Beautiful sunday for you too
The nostalgic feeling of being alone
TE AMO
so excited for my little brother & his little family my brother deserves the world and some. His &
I support
You are the was amazing
Thank u so much
thank you for thank you from the bottom of my heart, thank you
the best there is.
Have a beautiful Sunday
Me and my mans
Final day with these absolute beauts!
RED
FB / RT
have a baby
Nice hat, Dark-Sweet I like that
How did I get so lucky to have someone like in my life? literally have never met a more caring person
like , Comment and tag friends Follow: _ufcnews_ Credit: ufcrussia 9
Things will get better soon baby girl trust me
So glad that I decided to join this time. Cebu Club
Thala daa
Gooooold
daniciapi
I DON'T CARE WHAT IT LOOKS LIKE
I'M DIVING IIIN!
This is love
Toledo, Toledo, Toledo~ ohhh how I love you so Toledo, Spain
Something to make you smile. Happy Sunday everybody
Thank you
Thank you! I used to have long hair like her and now that mine is short I was kinda scared it
GREATTTTTTT WEEKEND
We can
Drew three of u Took a long ass time but worth it Ily
We will miss you Leo Get well soon!
Everyone should be proud of who they are and all the things in life over come.
Exactly those two are my favorite ones too
Happy Birthday atee!! HAHAHAHAHA stay beautiful hehe
today
Mam always there for us
so lucky May Allah bless her with happiness
When the mind takes over the heart is no match
Starting off with Splatoon's Splatoween Splatfest! Will be playing MHW PC after! Come chill! \o/
Hoping tomorrow goes well for all of you and brings even just a little peace
Happy birthday to me I thank God for any other year
Do another collab with before he retire
My Top Favorites
Best chemistry on screen and off screen - Norman And Melissa
Best Bromances on TWD-
your beard I lick it all night your big dick is medicine
Awesome!! Love this! All of it. The voting, the sweatshirt! Fabulous xxx
She's cute
Mine and only mine!!
ME AND BABY SHARK DIDNT TAKE A PROPER PICTURE ): bUT HERE IS THIS TO FEED YALL YOURE WELCOME oof ignore
ngiting cps yan eh
My absolute All-Time favorite song of David
This song has magical power
"He is on stage"
Night
Always Try To Perform Different Characters
Most Versatile Actor
Valentine
This year you're mine xadnexxx!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Good luck for stpm
May Not be Good, But something good in Everyday
we are turning 11 next month!!! booked our staycation w/in the city (over out of town) nahawa na talaga ako
HP Your Pout is Cutest
It 4 am before work but it was 9 am on my day off soooo lol
Thank you family
Thank you for the follow Have a great Sunday
I love this song
Can't wait
Few reasons why z everyone's hot favorite right now !
1) No unnecessary
Valentine
This year you're mine mh_x7i!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
I LOVE YOU THE MOST
Caramel latte and pumpkin bundt cake with cream cheese filling
The clue is in the name - Fair Trade Towns Looking forward to next steps for Scotland- a Fair Trade Nation
nielgallery: rooney, peter and ori have a new sibling, meet zhang-ah!
come back pls
RT Under the Sea
Wall art loving it
RT PERFUME_STATION: Thank you sir johannesmikhael
thank you so so much
=PP For:
-@MartinTraap
Costo: Las Hago Gratis :)
=OPS?
RT Y MG
subscribe to my yt channel hehe link in bio
omg tysm for the support!!
Awesome
My patient have me a pumpkin to carve
I love you HANBIN/ B.I.
And sandwiches with the MAYonaise
happy birthday, sancho!!!!! more bdays to come n hang soon
Good things cam ya way this day and beyond love.... Enjoy your day!
always! Ibadan, Nigeria
Happiest Birthday To My Brother
May You Always Be Happy
Lots of love for
Thank you for such good music x
super pretty, besty ni zaira. naka dm ko na to once at ang bait TC always!
Thank you! I speak italian but I speak spanish so fortunately I understood what you have written
Thoughts on nikki tecto Recto* bestfriend ko and one of my trusted friends
Me and my man
sekai de ichiban aishita hito -babycheese
Thank you
One of my dogs got treated for an ear infection recently and she'd been in so much
Yst was a really good day
FNC TBB
Hope you had a nice day love, congratss and good luck
I was one of those 3
appreciation post for my man
i almost felt like giving up that night. and ppl depression is not a joke. super
Haha nice one, duh Happy Sunday Aiden, and hope it's a good one
Primaaa
Aaawww... welcome. Get well, Mimo!
Who is coming to see us today? We have:
Coffee
Cake
Show-Tunes
& Open Mic
Watching Danny with my sister last night was the sweetest thing ever so lucky with how good been with her this weekend
I hope u r fine now my love
05394189911Nilay
Yesterday was my last day of feeling like that. straight now. Mind over matter always!
I love this couple so much
London
Yuhuuuu
I love view
Me too
never be able to put into words how happy he makes me..
My wife
Weleda goodness
I'm placing an order tonight at 6pm.
If you would like to order anything please either PM me or
I know! So much energy and happiness. so good
So true
thank you being the sweetest people in the world. tonight was one for the books.
Sounds & stuff like that
I wish you Happy Sunday and all your Hamster Give you a kiss to for me
What a gorgeous photo
Gorgeous rose and sweet remembrance.
anak angkat
Nothing to do this fine Sunday? Come along and support your local charity football team
"At your worst and at your finest I will love you unconditionally"
Hdm bc why not
Londra
Love the November 2018 reveal from Hip Kit Club!
hipkitclub
Heut Abend Marathon?
I added a video to a playlist
So.. So.. So.. Sexy
SmokeinEyes_V
Todd McCray recently dropped album 'Singer' is really really dope.
Such an amazing week with , and
.
.
.
I understand, take care my sweet angel
okay Chris do that.
Thanks
19pcs left
Eta: 1-2nd week of November
Dop: Tomorrow Morning
I literally stay up all night reading your tweets. They are the best.
I can not wait to see you like Jonathan.
6 months ago with 2 million views.
Thanks for sharing - EVELYN is coming to selected cinemas across the country from 27 October:
dont cry na uyy hehe luv u bye!
More like once in a 4 month period I run with it thanks babe
Buenos
Hi just a daily reminder that I love you and hope you have an awesome day Omg I know who you are but
Happy birthday Nse..
You say yo yungin TTG he trained to go well my yungin a BBG & alll he know is blow FACTS
Oh my gosh crying Daniel, love you
Too much sense won't kill you Sir. Blessings
And we adore you too
Oh my word! What a beautiful giveaway!
We love you afs
I don't know what the future will bring but all I know is that I'll stay by your side. Thank you for being my
181021 IG update
[TRANS] What IZ your color?
Our hearts are at ease because of you guys
Till we become the
them xxx
Freshiieeee
Sexyyy
This weekend has been great so far drove all the way from Manchester to catch up beautiful
aw thank you angel i love you so soo much!
Update: he him so sweet
Fehlt nur noch Pay
Dis y we love you fam
Paramore and The 1975
Ich vermiss dich auch total!
Being loved like that must feel awesome maybe someday I will be lucky enough...
Can't wait to watch this masterpiece yet again and see you nailing it!
Hi mo ko kay ate lois & ate eunice please?? thank you
I love you.
The Halloween Party was so perfect, so drama free, and I of asked for it to be any other way. Things are so great lately.
Hello Kitty
Like cat? Then follow us
DM us your cat pics to get featured
Like, Share, Comment please
love this n love u, tyyy my dude
& everyone that helped me throw his surprise bday party
Writing up notes, soundtrack to Bugsy Malone on the headphones
Thank you!
We support shree
happy birthday (late) Jimin
Hi just a daily reminder that I love you and hope you have an awesome day Oh and I love you too btw
A title.
early surprise from my man unexpected! thank you babe
p/s my birthday is next week but wtv
Sending love man, there's nothing worse than an emergency vet trip. He'll be good, it'll all be ok
I love you
Ahh this is such a beautiful thread thank you .
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Ali!
Trust the process!
SUPERSTAR fav actor from his childhood and forever
I don't know which is more mesmerizing, the girl or the fire (Video)
Amazing what a wonderful act .. so natural Harry we you
I love that it's mid-October and the balloons are still going up on
Amso prawd op maboysssssss!!!
gn to them only
sleeping full + high =
For the Love
ERIC my teenage crush
Where do you come from? I'm from Singapore I've got a few questions about this so I'll be answering once and
Philippians 1:3 -- i love you;
Today be love help one person together we can change the world
Pray Tebo, pray without seizing... Nothing lasts forever, whatever you going through shall pass Don't give up.
thank you taylor so weird you commented because today i was looking at those old pictures of
4 days to go
All the best try your best to be the best!!
Of course I wanna twin
Lol. Send me an email - I can send you notes so that the only thing you can do today is read
those late night calls and pubg games
Have A Bless day
We'd to have you with us Mark. Are you looking for a new phone? Let us know if you have something
Inshallah, Thank you
That your smile when even eyes are smiling it goes to the depths of the soul be happy! Te amo
I got a raise and my got a wedding photography job....
been great lately
but for real, immersion was a wonderful and humbling experience 10/10 would cut for this
The wait is almost over! better BUY and STREAM this when it comes out! deserves it all love
doing a face mask with joz over ft tonight
IM SEEING IT AT THE SAME DATE IN MORLEY
Today finna be fun
You deserve all the love in the world.
This is so hard
"your heart is special to me, it beats in time with my soul" The sweetest most loving words I have ever heard.
Coldplay
My boyfriend is the most supportive person in my life
Wish you a very Happy Birthday
Naeexcite ako yeyyy!! Welcome Lopez Quezon
I love cuddling with my boos
There are always somethings you can't change...but others you can
Hangover free Sundays
thanks for all the love tonight. you guys make me so happy, thank you.
So cuteness
Check out this product: going to order this !!! I want her so badly
U are the queen of beauty love u so much our beauty queen
You do you, girl. People who get you will understand. Those who don't, need not. Love.
smile in this pic, it shows how happy she is because of me
Girl guide drama in series 7!
I miss you so I just bought yarn today to knit baby some booties
I love you No matter what,
Finally!! Look for the new track on my YouTube! Never end-Trik. HYBRID TRAP MOTHERFUCKAAAS!!
all a pleasure
You're kinda, sorta, basically, pretty much always on my mind
Just wanted to remind you to vote for our boys today!!!
My account collection
Sicko Mode is the song of the year last year it was Butterfly Effect
Thank you so much
I spend everyday with my nigga . I never get tired of him my babbyyyy
EVERYONE KNOWS we him!! I can't help myself!! I TRY but I CAN'T. Just saying
I was made for loving you
very welcome. Thanks for your support.
Happy birthday!!! I hope this upcoming year is your BEST one yet!
I Love You The Utmost Die For You Before I Let You Down
Mishu bibis!
Happy 16th birthday to my beautiful niece hope you have a lovely day! Love you millions
Thank you very much che bello vedere questo, grazie mille
my camera is terrible but I did manage to record some songs performed live, mainly my favorites
Because you will live forever in ours hearts Forever our princess
Goodluck!
Mutluuu Pazarlarrr
him: people like you should not be wasted
SARAP SA HEART, PUTEK
So much love ..so much sorrow - the disco fire in Gothenburg 1998 , 63 young children died. My son was number
Malbec
i love you, babe
29th international convention
Thanks to you oh Lord
Thank you for the new music guys! Bless
Love and miss you, my therese!
I love 4Tops friendship
They always respect and support each others.
The company crushed their group and
Calsberg ALTAY
aww thank you sunshine
8 years later and still so tight. gonna miss these kids when they make their trek to WA in a couple
2 Mahine Bass
and
Thank you! all of
Best city in the world
So fab boo. lol
Nice
And we love you too
Gwapa
The Devil Wears Prada. Chill Sunday
to our honeymoon
Thanks lovely Rimi
on nude ?
You are so beautiful!! eres muy hermosa!!
tenemos el a estas horas...
such an amazing night see ya next time
If you get too sleepy , call me. drive safe!! I love you.
perfect place tapos may music
Happy Birthday
Shuru se shuru karte hai
ZERO se
SRK on Marine Drive
and one of my best Jersey girls Kel-Bel! IU!
Newbie here
I know how to improve today
spend it with you
This sums it up nicely..
i love how he hug them like that
Facking lief, Ily Ambertje
Bonding time. my team
My corporate criminal
wait to see it
Starting a new book Dickens
Saturday playdate with cousins.. hehe.. Tayo Station
Im in love with the best guy on Univerce
Class personified
Of course
All of you that drained my watch battery with your likes and notifications and all of you that
Girl guide drama in series 7!
Mishoo too beng
CANT WAIT TO SEE THEM NEXT MONTH OMG!!
MEILLEURE FAN JENIFER via -
Heaven
Algood if my memory from last night is just coming back now and I remember bumping into you now soooo beautiful
Happy birthday woman of God. May God bless your new age and fulfil His will in your life!
so wonderful. Loved meeting you! And thanks for the support
Idk if I even can thanks
We love Digong!
Margarita Blue nauna na si indai Mariser Marcos thanks to mam Gretzky Grino, ang pretty and sexy neighbor ni President
Badges finally arrived!! They are gorgeous Thank you very much for the gifts and all the effort
Huge congrats to beat me in the semi final 2-1 hope we go one better next qualifier to make the event
And it was created by the loveliest of human beings Jim Henson.
I WANT YOU TO KNOW, YOU'RE FAR FROM THE USUAL
Someone wanna get this for me for my Christmas gift?? I will love you forever!
This is
Appreciation tweet
Hanbin
RT if this simple man is ur inspiration
Hand made
I'm great I love your account
3hr convos about life and love
Thanks for ur kind words, Iveto!
happy birthday to this beautiful bihhhhhh hope you have a great day babe! love youuuuu!
THANKYOUU HAHAHA
Happy birthday queen
Awwwwwwwhhhhhhhhhh ugghhh cute gilsssssss!
Valentine
This year you're mine toris_epic!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Today, I'll be as useless as letter g in Lasagna
About time i see my babes from school
This comic of Gonta is amazing! You did an awesome job drawing this!
don't be sad. heres our maknae of maknae letter to cure our intl the b's pain
No worries, you can take your time. Thank you for all the efforts!!
Thank you
But what I meant here was that even for this issue, only few hoseok stans
INDIA Ki SHAAN Aur Hum SRKians Ki JAAN
THE ONE AND ONLY....
SHAH RUKH KHAN
Valentine
This year you're mine faris_s155!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Exclusive Pic from the set.
Thanks to uploader.
Hey please help to vote RnB for event on my agency. Thank you
TE AMO TA MEU NEGO TE AMO
|| Jhakaas Beauty ||
Yes sir and my favourite is
Page d accueil...
Galery 2018 vivier
I ma culture vivier
Security eco droit
we titties
Marison's halo-halo with ate Marga
Baby, you're my favorite heartache.
Exactly those two are my favorite ones too did a fantastic job
Day2 , Sunday : Bungee Jump
So, another adventure done from the one of the best experiences so
Yown ohhhh!! hahahahaha. HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY Meanne!! Miss youuu.. Enjoy your day Love youu~ God bless
and RT
What a great night
ITS SO CRAZY. WHEN JLS FIRST STARTED I WAS 5
Make a for
It will let me know where is he~
You are wonderful and we really enjoyed the show
naraid66
for a late night tbh
I Sunday!
Feels good to work from home
thank u
He lets me have fun and do ME ! I fucking love that
on shoot of
He looks the sexiest as always In
miniature origami heart earrings in the making...
makes me happy to look at them... it is also
My queen!
Happy birthday to the most loving mother we hope your day is as wonderful as you are
Gonna be streaming some more GTA V tomorrow night to finish up some Doomsday Heists! Thank you all for all of the amazing support!
Abigail Williams
thank u
This is the content I signed up for
The Google idntify the tardis as bigger on the inside!
I'm so Happy!
2 years with you here's to many more (p.s. shout out to for being the best
in this kudi n also a beautiful ....
GOD BLESS MGA LABLAB IPASA NYO EXAM PARA MAY STORIES ULIT HAHAHAHAHAHA
...
Congrats booo
Shooting its gone ....
yeheeeyy congratsss
1. Alpha Thrill Trail
2. Go The Distance
3. The Apollo Zone
I wish we can stay like this forever.
rep rep!!
Thoughts are with Sir Jackie Stewart, his wife and family
Good morning to people who have degrees
In the Medina: shades of colors
Love and support this team!
Haha you reminded me of my cousins.. I loved every minute!!
I added a video to a playlist Yoona Ji Chang Wook
Happy birthday! Have a blast baby gurl!
RT MillieThom "RT AntheaSyrokou: Thrilled with my 1st review for my latest book
Read the review
CLICK
CLICK
DvsTyAJ
Not birthday but our anniversary is 11/11
madam Suzette, pakisalba ang GMA pls bring back the Golden Age of GMA.
best ppl
halo-halo with ate Marga
Just a little bit of your heart
is trending and getting some well deserved attention.
Awwh staph it you. nah, dongdong for youu
I just left be this so much
05hr30
Love your posts do anything you like
Aww, thank you, lovely Peas She was an angel, and now, she's a real one xx
Bon Dimanche Bisous Chouchou
Wow I love them do this w my soulmate
believe this butthead is almost 2
MS Dhoni hands out the cap to Rishabh Pant
PLEASE can somebody make me feel like a pathetic whore :(
Thankyouu
his and slide thru your
I love you too
Kya karu haye Kuch Kuch hota hai
is shaking! Can't wait for Jeffree
I loved this video!! Love ya
Hehe
Happy Birthday
No time for studying
All time for sleeping
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Alice!
..... I FUCKING LOVE YOU
You've got this little bro
Thank you princess
thank u
I added a video to a playlist Likhe Jo Khat Tujhe 30 Second Love Whatsapp Status || 30
Your fridge is empty
rt +
Likhe Jo Khat Tujhe 30 Second Love Whatsapp Status || 30 Second Whatsapp Status 2018: via
Buying the Jackbox for my Twitch birthday party!
thank u
check this out ahahahaha
You're appreciated:)
37x Uplay Premium accounts with games giveaway
1 Follow
2 Retweet
3 Like
4 dance , lol not just
I was...
I am...
I will...
Huhuyys, life!
Oh the darling! They just know, don't they? Magical creatures.
Kakkar Family
Nigeria my country
Love you to finish live sheep/cattle exports
That is brilliant hope you had a great night queen
New song I love
I know I say this 25/8, but in love with Robert I truly believe he was a gift from above (Currently
Fuck, you got a lil thang on yuh
OMAAAAY HAAAAART
I appreciate you
When people talk shit on Faye then tweet her declaring how much they love her. Don't piss me off. Protect Faye Brookes at all costs
Thanks I discovered so many beautiful places directly in Chrome!
Awwwwwww. So cute.
New Project, New Beginning, New Degree in the making .
Happy from Cornwall
You go alright my darling.. Ormidale House Estate
Lakhpati Ko CrorePati Banade Aise Hai Ye ZERO
Alhamdulillah, Good Morning
I become uncle again & my nephew name is Abdullah [Servant of Allah]
Thank you hope your enjoying your holiday.
love you
The only word that i can say.
thank u
The fake maknae of HAHAHA! Minseokie!
RM 26 RM 26 RM 26 RM 26 RM 26 RM 26 RM 26 RM 26 RM 26 RM 26 RM 26 RM 26 RM 26 RM 26 RM 26 RM 26
I really am proud to be a Native American, to have an identity and to be part of a fascinating culture
This is so beautiful and poignant. It also made me cry a little too
thank u
insert rammus "ok" here im shookkt
loving this interaction with and
But still manage to make time for my little baby
I luv my bf with all my
wait to do this type of shit with my husband
looking forward to other songs in Kris first album
RT
Michelle like this photo but I love it
I love my friends so very much
Congrats, ading! So proud of u. See you sa RS.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Ugh
So true
Wa salam
Stay blessed
12:32 but uh i just wanted to say that i hope get a follow from sabrina one day. praying.
Best unbiological ate, ate ysa
God plzz just protect this bond.
This is so precious Randeep lives in Mumbai without his family but i am glad
thank you Mami!
Abraham
Grace is the measure of our love
I'm gonna LUV U anywhere ... U are my Life ... I can't let go ...
Oh god this is too cute too handle look at this you!! thank you babe
celebramos nuestro primer aniversario te amoooo
RED
FB / RT
Dear
Soca & Friends was AMAZING!
since 2006
I love my girl a blessing
This is so cute
oi
you can bet your life on me, put it all on
Buenavista
Thank you I love it
Carl:
Carl
Carletta
Carol
Carl Manatee
Pumpkin
Angel
Baby girl
Brat
Carl Deville
Pooper
Baby
Light of my life
Life. It's good.
This show was great and glad I went
Thank you Susan! Miss him so much
6pm
Krs Dam
Everybody wants to Rule the World.. but I Want to Rule Every Moment Of MY LIFE !!
The love of my life
Happy 26th natal day self!
this sizzling hair colour transformation.
Black to brunette
Appointment bookings opens 1pm today
Click
Miss u King
Happy birthday homie much love stay up
Anna
Happiness Of My Life
Looks pretty good in dis Tee
Love U always
YOU KILLED IT!!! See you Wednesday!
Love my little Gabriel
got off FaceTime with my baby & I still feel like I first met him after looking at him through the phone
Bona nit cuquito
Thank you so much
{Scan} Photobook - One:The World
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA GOODLUCK JUGA TAKE CARE, LOVE U OAO!
Naaaaaw this is sooo cute and with Beakhyun's voice it's more cute
O iluminado - Stephen king
Treasured
Love this song
Ugh my amor
Club friday season 5 Lord, asa naman akong flight attendant? Chos
Buenos
a menina pt
thank you for the follow, I need to see you on tour again
Buongiorno anime libere
I love seeing your bum
She looks so beautiful in white
Thanks
thank u
RT Jesus Me
No Ex
So many crush
Friends so many
WBY
<3 is more meaningful than i said what i said
Something special just for you
We are coming
Hasan did an incredible job as always absolutely love it. One step closer for everyone
goodnight
happy birthday to my favorite cougar
bby l love you forever
It's not dogs, but its beautiful too, enjoy your Sunday
07590 813927
Mobile dog grooming
We are on the same side, girlfriend!
bye home for a few weeks
pray for my spm !!
When your fav ex colleague being overly excited with the dentist I cannot too funny
& for more Videos!
If I date you, my goal is to marry you, build with you, grow with you, I'm not dating you to pass time, I see potential in you.
This is important
It's always better when we're together, we'll look at the stars when we're together well, it's always better when we're together.
181021
/
KASPER in JAKARTA.
hi there
Valentine
This year you're mine caramllt!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
It was a good night this girl right here
181021
His voice is the music to my ears
& for more Videos!
Spots!
What a boring Sunday No news related to passing my Sunday watching KUCH KUCH HOTA HAI ..A 90s classic
Happy 4th birthday to the most important male in my life Taylor-joe , gone so fast
Praying for ya happiness. I hope that you recover
Wow!! You look stunning. they so long how long have you had them?
Walking with God
Never alone even in my worst moments
christ that's awful I'm so sorry this happened
happy birthday lovely!
Love love
thank u
Thank u
The way he respect all
My love, my horse
Thank you!
Happy birthday gorgeous
This weekend was all about my lolo Siming. You deserve all of this, tay.
Seeing life be brought to the world is legit so beautiful!
LODI KA RUTH!!!! Support
Goodbye Road is 4th on the Inkigayo Chart this week.
Eh, wow
Se eu me arrependo ? !
Bigggg respect for this great guy and dj Congratulations on your number one position, you
Brighten up my life
I knew I loved you
thank you for sharing the benefits of the best fruit
one of the happiest fogs we have. Meet Miss Makham
LINK TO DONATE IN BIO
I adore these dimples
a message to someone without mentioning his/her name me back.
THANK YOU! HAPPY KAY LIKE DMD JOD MAYNTA INGON ANI NA LANG PERMI MAYNTA
a joke, Nate. Notice the after it. Calm the fuck down.
Noche inolvidable
Successful day and party for this one thanks again everyone for making it special
HipHop Tamizha
Most amazing tweet read on twitter. Thank you lamb for the compassion you exude.
for a DM
This was such an amazing night I'll never forget!!
You are my paradise
I am the cool dragon
We performed a song from one last time tonight. I love my Imani so, so much.
I love the Humber Bridge
One of my favourite dresses that I own
created you ON purpose, WITH purpose, FOR a purpose....a purpose to be WHO God created YOU to be.
Celebrate your Bank Holiday with Nicola Hughes (22 Photos)
Absolutely amazing.. Well done
Meat Glorious Meat
Vegetarians Look Away. This post contains lots of meat
This
Trashing innocent art? Unforgivable!
Never again please okay? (and get it out of the trash if it's not too late please)
so glad and are the type of friends who came to get my drunk ass instead of letting me drive
Im im im so inlove~
Melting my lonely stressed heart
sorry so late but happy belated birthday
Eu e a quebramos tudo tmj
A beautiful song in a beautiful city just how I remember it.... Humnava Mere Song | Jubin Nautiyal |
Aww morning darling x
Thank you so much for sharing this!!
Beside the I deeply hope that I can stay in
Screams!!!!!!! I love everything!!! You have the squishiest art ever!!!!! Thank you,
Goodmorning
12 days for trailer
12 days for bday
Perfect 60 days for movie
Trailer release ke
Happy Sunday fammy boy YOGI EKLAND out of (Hero von der Tonberger & Zizi von Haus Zizakov hopefully we
I'm so happy that it helped!
Oh you know all Love
GANDA NAMAN
NI LISA
Forever and a day
I hope this was useful
Support my work here:
Thank you so much
potion 100% inside
I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS.
I felt so cuteee!!
tussi..... Dil. Hojiii. Kingkhan.
me this Pleasantly great taste,I know it too...
miss out on this fun, place your orders right
Exactly this! Nourish what you have and make it your strength. May Allah bless you with ease.
Ameen sumameen!
i'm at the kennedy party, and the group of people in with just all talked about how much we love you
I love the vampire Rapha for
Marks Mum & I, how cute
Buenavista
HELL / HIGH
Photo also_known_as_gs
uuuuhhhh about 50/50 haha both good and bad things have been happening so hagdshf.
how about you?
Sade - No Ordinary Love
Absolutely this ... such an awesome pic!
just leave this here ..... hey its a cute picture of me & amy
looking hot in this vid as ever
don't give up before the miracle happens!
Thankyouuu
ainda bem!!!
Okay...
I'm going to bed, really time.
so happy foy my best friend
I'm ready to chow down! Let's get this party started!!
Enjoy the party as speedy racer. This black and white makes your curves hot shop
to this "Bookoo Bread Co" by Scallops Hotel that I just added to my
Happy birthday Have a great bday ahed and Beautiful life God bless you
Haha that's cute. Not happening. Keep Texas Red
I do it without them. officers good!
I love you more. Thank you for coming today.
all asking for is a duet with all I need and I promise never ask anything from you again
Thank you so much
Lets tune in on Channel 161 at 17:00.
HELL YES!! you and deserved it
thank youuu charing
I wish I could be there.
Thank you so much for this.
I love my people man
Good news in the morning felicidades, crack ets molt
all we need is freedom
Sending
My Morganite cosplay
Thank you so kuch, Zich!! this only means we need to catch up soon hehe! Miss you!! See you soon!!
"I love you too" yiee
Lola: "Kanong ne"
Good luck my loves!
Every girl should have a brother like this and this reminds me so much of mine ...love you Mitch
Happy Sunday
Nothing confirm abhi
relax
Being with you is always the best
Awesome to see you DJ! You made our night!
Ready to meet TAMMY hello classmates!!
U r always so sweet! IlySM
Herb bath & feelings, but all the good feelings I promise
You should go and watch it! It's SO GOOD OMG. Bring tissues, food and water.
Cuties
Kindness makes you the most beautiful person in the world no matter what you look like
You, me, and my huge futa dick up all your holes.
Come and join me in my dream world agency seru, ga kubu dan rame banget cuma ada di
Love you too Bestfriend
Two babies
My frst cruch
Happy Birthday Jake Hope You Have A Fantastic Day
What a wonderful vision
Danggg.. I had a dream about Hyunggu being the most perfect boyfriend I mean he probs would be but if only that were real
Nice to see you again I feel that 3days to long I hope you all well now stay healthy
Today would have marked 62nd birthday
Forever our Princess Leia
amazing
miss you! my baby brother
Guuurl! Bye! O mpeele lunch mgane! Ribsnyana.. Something of that sort.. Love ya!
Time and circumstance happen to us all. Teri Garr also has MS. Things like this make strong people stronger.
By
thanks pretty!
seohyun brought her gg bong with her so cute
Pink and blue were my favourite Also red
A friend in need is a friend indeed.
Please check.
Converse
voting for boys
Top 4 favku nih hayuu sini
What I know rn is, its just a challenge I need to overcome with God.
Myriam is the only way to start the day (30 Photos)
Elissa while shooting her episode
with yesterday
wait to see your first upload!
Il add you to my list of nurses
Thank you faith
She stayed down when I was broke I got her til infinity
[HQ ] 181020 BOF
Hello with the two dyowsas
Colors Of Androon-e-Pindi
The interior of the Jamia Mosque Rawalpindi.
One of the oldest mosques in Rawalpindi
ur the bestest xx
Staycation.
Olivia such a cutie
verse on Pretty Little Fears
Thanks machi
The most handsome man in all the land
Happy happy birthday
May happiness always stay with you
CUTENESS OVERLOADED
J'aime trop mon chat
Thank you so much!
Good morning guys
Today I will get online like yesterday. Seee yaaa soon
This makes me so happy
This is Christmas at the Beach Hut Out November 15th and definitely worth preordering!
All the very best, Hinds
Lord of love from me & T
+1
wait!!! So proud of you friend
I u so bad
World Champion 2018
Congratulations
Marqeuz
Blessed with you
BTS
I love my pediatric patients Treat as you want to be treat
Travel the world baby girl
Hello NH
How r u? How's day going?
Just want to say I love You
Lots of love from India
I love you
Hijrat Colony Camps at NA247
Well deserve congrats martin
Lots of love do watch
Today's community day
Lots of players
I am very lucky to meet you
Shiny Beldum and shiny
Life is too short!
You got that right.
Do you know why this emoji got two hearts?
Coz it link ur heart and my heart.
- bae -
Me : melting baca pagi pagi buta
We believe in you! :)
You deserve to be very happy ADN!
thank you babeee
Post Edited: Golden Gates
The best to ever do it
Thank u!
Listen to your heart
Ganda Naman
ni LISA
&
Romil u r My fvrt
Kokeeeee you got me balling my eyes out man - thank you for being a part of my happiness I love you
Love sees roses without thorns
found him...
Be kind with yourself
thanks you jcwaps!!
Today I found out who my true friends are, and I loved them
your very hansome Hello from SD!!!
Not like you Sez...anything I can do let me me know...got a spare ear too
most awaited movie of the year is coming to rule our hearts
Pic of the day
KEY CLUB TAKEOVER 2018
beautiful family letting film this which is such a precious moment for u both
21 October
Openings you just skip
most awaited movie of the year is coming to rule our hearts
Reacciono sp rapido JAJAJJAJA LO AMO
Love cover of song
Happy birthday to my personal trainer to be always on my neck not to be eating Bby girl the love is deep enjoy today
Steve Rogers is my favourite thing I can say
Keep moving forward. Brighter future awaits SM CDO Downtown Premier
Bc we you, man. See you in Christchurch! cc
Thanks machi
Yes! It's a big hit.. and coming together . It's really really amazing
a concerned corgi
YASSS It's time for a great show Brieezy:#Chat sup
Brings a whole new meaning to the term 'script kiddie'
Awesome!
Been up early. Need a nap laters tweeters
Happy birthday to the best princess in the entire galaxy I love you
Tremendo boody
Whatta angelic guy
naraid66
din@s1$$xqwz
Come at me bro
awwww thank u Tyler
you make me happy when skies are grey you never dear how much I love you, please don't take my sunshine away
no better film to end Saturday on
Have met my sweet loaf? Her name is Pippa and 11 months old
Pretty buntis
Marian Rivera
Thank you!
Thanks a lot pls share and support
HUY
Elissa while shooting her episode
with yesterday
thanks bota!! congrats din sayo
Valentine
This year you're mine 18ValerieXO!
And you, whom will be yours?
Smiling for that
Goodnight/Goodmorning Hannah I miss you fam, hope well.
Happy Sunday po! God bless you
Thank you cutie love you !
Yes so much pain when they go but years of happiness to remember
Eeep!!! So pretty!
I be there but you check my story in this tree.
Marian Rivera
Beautiful and touching George would be so happy to see this.
Hello. This account proves that Jihyo is bottom . please retweet and promote my account!! thank you
sandt721: Good Morning Good morning everyone
as good as his art work
And we adore you
Nobody cares about your story until u win, so win.. then care about nobody ,winning is for u
Morning
Night
Thanks everyone!!!
First time i got 1.07M power app
Sunday morning sample search
Now watching
Mr. & Mrs. Cruz
SORRY BABE MWAAA NAG REPLY NA KO SEE U SOON
Blood!?!? Like man was a youngin two days ago. send him
wow really wonderful art, Hasan.
Life is beautiful with the love of the fans.
Happy Sunday fam
Congratulations Gaffa - thee
Ikea Cairo Festival City Mall
please and rt, thank you!!!
thank you for retweeting this message with your following we will reach a wider audience thanks again
Thanks for watching hope you all have a nice relaxing Sunday
Happy birthday have a good day love
MDZS Novels
Official / Real
Pirated / Fakes
Official:
Vibrant colours & clear prints
Good paper
Hope you all have a fantastic Sunday!!!
.
.
" Run to the rescue with love and peace will
Yehi hain ache din
Sunday
my princess that little smile when I called her name
My whole heart
Enjoy the time with family and it will grow bigger, stronger and happier
My mom supports me Oddly enough, my mom was delighted when she learned that I had left the university and
How sweet it is to hear your 14 year old still laugh at as she watches it in the other room!
Fish in the house..
determined to the clouds today! . Going to Apple Orchards to see the goats walk the
CEM, I miss you!
I pray that this man never shuts up
Thanks bro
Sorry to hear Meinir
Went to the cinema last night and saw this movie Loved it
What did I do to deserve you I count you as a blessing friend and love you so much
Congratulations!! amazing keep going so excited for you
Looking so Pretty
Un con
Cuteee hahahaha
Thanks for always be strong Kang Baekho
It's only love but everything has changed
Incredible day uffff in Sulzfeld
Morning
How doughnuts uwu and don't worry you can have me ill shower you with hugs
Night
Thanks pangu
I me some judyblume! However, this mug get the message that
Hi be
Happy Sunday
We only need your music dude
ayeee yes !
me asf with my papa
Celebrating 5000 Followers in *Instagram* Page & 3000 Followers in *Facebook* Page Tq u For Your Love & Support
Graffiti is my favourite album
My Harry
See you later Va ! Safe Flight only one year catch you up on Facebook ahah ! Love this man
Sthandwa Sam go find my tweet to you
you ever met your soulmate in a best friend ? yeah, me too! and i know how lived this life so long without her!
Valentine
This year you're mine 18ValerieXO!
And you, whom will be yours?
hi you so gorgeous i miss you okay miss u too
May Allah be with you now and forever My Level Is A Big Jam. No long talk chop knuckle king
Being born into Islam is the biggest blessing of Allah
ka perfect
Please
Love is so beautiful
Awww I love him being so happy and smiling
Come and join me in my dream world agency seru, ga kubu dan rame banget cuma ada di
Thank you heaps
Hahahhaa I was shocked too Self-love ya'll we all need that
Love is not a choice
-Brendon Urie
masyaallah so cantik
i loveee sleeping with my shirt
RM 26 RM 26 RM 26 RM 26 RM 26 RM 26 RM 26 RM 26 RM 26 RM 26 RM 26 RM 26 RM 26 RM 26 RM
I love fall decor
i dont regret stanning these boys
Beautiful spring day big changes are happening!
Dk what do without my pals
such a fan
A love like and Sophie
Bhai
You're the best
\
The reason we do the interview, Hope clear to everyone now.
One of if not my only favourite car. Beautiful
congratulations to the couple and thanks again for inviting me i had an amazing time
Congratulations Zainab. This is the beginning of big things. All the best
Our Golden boy take the L haters
thank you so much for reading!
I just saw at and it feels like it even happen. That was insane.
On behalf of Ingersoll Rand, we wish you all the best.
Khumbul' Ekhaya
Love this Sister Dola TheArtivist
The has one of the best soundtracks ever!
Sister, sister
Another hell of a ride
Love you brother
what a queen
Classic trance to kick start this Sunday
Hello, Tatiana good morning n relaxing Sunday my dear friend
Valentine
This year you're mine hunhwn!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
SIANG AVAIL YA BEB INCLUDE ROOM
OPEN BO
081770446069
BANDUNG
ST&LT
INCLUDE/EXCLIDE ROOM
Rick Ross x Special Love
Like the is ending tomorrow.
thank you a thousand times for tonight it meant everything to me
Thank you, I shall xx
Walk toward education. Learn the founding principles and the Constitution. The Declaration is all about freedom.
My beautiful ladies celebrating last night in Nola! Missing her already...
My Milo Brakpan, Gauteng
Happy Family
Looking so Pretty
I love jade and nicole more than anyone we r the DREAMTIME
How great and empowering are Lady Gaga songs though
His smile
SO PROUD OF THE BBBFRL TONIGHT!!!!! We truly gave it our all and all I could have ever asked for. I love my band fam!
man so grateful for everyone in my life rn literally filled with love fanku universe x
Wish you same, Sky!! Thanks for the
(nctea) WTB
Taeyong pc emphaty dream ver please drop your price
we will, thankyou
Sim Butt
Ephesus Ailesi
thank you, chrissia!
fear much, but fear
Celebrating 5000 Followers in *Instagram* Page & 3000 Followers in *Facebook* Page Tq u For Your Love & Support
I still like the one I made for my girl
Habaduuuuuuu from
alhamdulillah for all the love I've been receiving. truly grateful
Thanks Ma! yiee first time in October
Sometimes you gotta just take a minute, love that your keeping tabs on me tho
Congratulations sa new endorsement mo mumsh!
I got all my bets right!! Team Jhong and forevaaaaa (lack of cockroach emoji)
Thank you Trish
seriously cannot get to sleep without!
Thank you love
You need to be committed to someone just to prove that you really had moved on
Good Morning.
Buenos
It took me a day to read the hate comments.. fully agreeing with you sis
Thanks machi
Sunday
..
Loved this dress! Beautiful
misses you!! The dance is for you.
+ =
&
IFB
and RT
from - [181020] Jihyo guest at RGP's concert tonight. MaPo siblings .
.
.
Idk why dear Universe you send me something uplifting when done? But thank you
My hometown
Happy Birthday yieee andito lang ako lagi for you hihi mbtc and Gbu
iKON 20/10/2018
Thank you so much
him
S/O to the big bro.. happy 25th birthday!!!!!!!! luv u biggie!!!!!
We stan you
feelings are mutual b. do it without you
Happy Birthday
Loved your dedication towards
Stay blessed
for tbh
Happy day! biscuits are boarded, i can't wait for tonight
Happy Happy Birthday my ChiChi. Wishing you a happy and blessed year ahead my Little Sister birthday
Everyday with you
Your my Hero kak , You are the saver of Kurdistan God bless you
You really must! Let me know what you think!
Thank you for showing Pico love! I am forever grateful for being here with my peoples
D-DAY I am You
Napuyat, napagod, at napaos pero kinaya... 1st concert with AUP Medicine Chorale! ?
I love autistic people sm they just warm my heart
The Lovliest one
Thank you my Ki Money
t's an honor ... I love the universe 'the 100' kisses to each one of you. from Belgium
Oops!
.
Happy Sunday
I liked a video AWKWARD [MEME] - countryhumans | GIFT
Happy birthday to
Hope you are having a great day with your family and friends
Sending
Same time last year.
Spent time at Sassoon Docks
sorry too
look! They have pug too
I just wanted to take another look at you
Huhuhuhuuuu :(((
Sunday with
Harpot !!
A blessing i love you supremo mwah!
take it down for you!! lemme delete this post real quick hahah
belated Happy 3rd Anniversary
Your my Hero kak , You are the saver of Kurdistan God bless you
You are so good
Oh but up there for Gram homecoming... My favorite alumna will be home
AHAHAHAHAH GRAZIE
Taal Church
I love you how are you ? I feel like much ask you. Anyway hope doing amazing !
Hi po! ANg pretty mo sa personal. I crush you po Awwwweee thank you greet moko next time
Congratssss
Living the best life !!! I love it here
Mata is so underrated
Wow Fantastic Baby
Only you got me feeling like this
This is such a good cause!! Mr Symmons and his 6th Formers are waiting for your shoeboxes! Bring them to
Gorgeous
Buongiorno
Happy Birthday K-Kid, you are a Love of my Life
I Love you
There is no painkiller as effective as love
so kind.. thanks
Such a beautiful rendition
I appreciate you Sir, God bless you
Come and join me in my dream world agency seru, ga kubu dan rame banget cuma ada di
Miss you
I love
Let's help our STRAY KIDS babies go to MANILA!
Click MAKE here:
My Husbunny ke Smile
0
Vintage japanese pogs
adorable right I get to go see him again today
My chipmunk
Trabzon
Thanks baby
So sweet
180923 Ximenting
[ pic part 1 ]
the Jersey!
180923 Ximenting
[ pic part 2 ]
los leo
180923 Ximenting
[ pic part 3 ]
Definitely
Thank you Seulgi unnie! please keep supporting us and Dua Lipa ! ^_^
Love this Key West, Iowa
buffer: RT buffer: Inside Buffer: how we get to minimum lovable product
Do what you must. incredible either way
And in the process of getting them
thanks great job
Yeah you
She walked in to a roadhouse bar.. you whipped off your shirt and that was that.. like a beautiful fairytale
Didi's yueyue
She is such an unexpected delight in that movie!
Uy
Congrats!! So much love for u guys
IFB
10/21
Henlo
Happy birthday to you sir!
miss
Am I the only one that gets annoyed when girls wear shit like this, but if a guy ever wore something like
this if ur 21
I added a video to a playlist Baby Songs to Dance Nursery Rhymes Playlist for Children |
To future mans: this girl deserves the world so if you give it to her, girl bye. (p.s. love u wifey)
happy belated birthday Enam! Mad love and blessings
Loud music open road = Happiness
Goodmorning ppl
finally! tapos na dost scholarship exam! intrams week naaa
Im glad. And thank you so much
That smile **sigh**
The live!
And Here's Our Gudda in winter dress
I have words for his Cuteness just Want to Say Mashallah
The Lovliest one
I remember Chester tweeting that, I sent a shit sandwich in a tweet to him I hope it made him smile
Thanks Sis!
Some people are one in a million
Thanks cause someone is trying to take my place
Thank you for taking the time to reply beautiful ladies! Definitely will order it
Shout out to my mom and pops.. without you I be anything.
21/Oct
Happy birthday gorgeous Yogi
sandt721: Good morning!! Good morning, wishing You were here
Followed all you great patriots! Pls FB ! Thanks so much! Let's paint this midterm RED
bring my loved ones back to life
Follow back in the first 5 minutes if you Follow $PAC
1 for iphone 5s
I agree with you I love elephants They are beautiful souls
Thank you i love you always hapon!
is trending on the 4th position in India! Go watch it right now!
Thank you for the recommendations, Sweetheart! Pretty sure I'll listen to the songs.
we too you love
black haired shua wearing all black + in the rain damn that's too powerful and too dangerous for my heart ,,,
She's my only star ..
Thanks for being always here
I pray for her
Goodmorning
Endless respect for these creatures
Quintessential quality - just one order to get addicted
Silver Zari border Linen Saree with Zaamdani
Thanks Tee
RM 26 RM 26 RM 26 RM 26 RM 26 RM 26 RM 26 RM 26 RM 26 RM 26 RM 26 RM 26
Love you
Rest well ~
My dad provided oxygen on the MU sidelines to MU players w Freddy Wappel
/ |
/ /
/
/_/
I know that you're in town
I'm waiting for Love Scenario English version to release officially, Thank you I love you.
So fucking in love with you
this story HAS to be on your Thursday good news
Hihi
Verse!
On another note, my mans the realist
Yieeeeee. Thank you mama
very_ing: RT 0__iKON__0:
We adore YOU
Happy birthday shaunaloumcallister have a boss day kid ye deserve it x
Super gorgeous
I liked a video HUGE BIRTHDAY SURPRISE!! First Secret Crush With Everleigh!!
appreciate it love
we you love too
Grace and poise my darling. Grace and poise. And always ameen.
I'm so glad I just tried this cool thing where I just said, "Hi!" to you one day.
- NCT 2018 emphaty
Photo Download high quality pic here Follow, Like and Retweet!
Wow my heart
Photo Download high quality pic here Follow, Like and Retweet!
Congratulations Dear Brother
Whatsapp status par picture dekh liya hai.
thecrossfit:Kayli Ann Phillips Download high quality pic here Follow, Like and Retweet!
On the phone with babygirl again
Congrats maine
Photo Download high quality pic here Follow, Like and Retweet!
Photo Download high quality pic here Follow, Like and Retweet!
Photo Download high quality pic here Follow, Like and Retweet!
*Make them fell valued and loved
Photo Download high quality pic here Follow, Like and Retweet!
Something new soon
I was hoping somebody caught the reference
Yaayyy finally you are back!!
Hope you are fine now
ChouCho
Ang lambing ng boses forever. I think this is her first KyoAni theme since HYOUKA's OP.
My New TV Commercial for ViVel Body Wash
vivelbyitc apostrophefilms
Rainier and I are lucky to have one another because we're just two fucked up and broke individuals holding onto eachother for dear life
Tired of fucking with these lame niggas, I just need a thug
hihi always here for u too
Thank you Berry!
It's ok. I'm just glad that I could help. You shouldn't feel like you're alone in sad situations.
I THIS SHIT!
owns the
But they can have that, my kids&I will have soon enuf
10/21
My girl is a blessing
IFB
So in love with this look
Bangs or with out bangs???
so beautiful god bless you 7aiatii b7bkk
Taken VS single
2005 Ford Focus ZX3
97 Mitsubishi Eclipse's
White is automatic
Red one is a 5speed
Need to know hwz your health Prince?
Hope ur fit now we were praying for ya good health
!! !! ,, ^-^
!
Nenek laki, Ahmad Munzir
my bestfriend is so beautiful & she deserves all the happiness in the world
i'm here already hmm
Jesus The Love Of The Lord Knows No Bounds
THANK YOU for the music you are a legend
Thank you for the cafe recommendation, they were wonderful
happy heart
d cream!!
This is day is yours, ADN. Everything will be for and about you.
Thank you all for helping celebrate 50th !!!
Lovely collar Miss Alice
Ilang months nalang jeeezz el nido and coron here we come
hsm marathon
iKON 20/10/2018
New arrival 2018 Fall collection Evening gowns
Ahh noooo! Chau
so in love with getting to know my friends even better now. not a straight road but they still in the car with me.
"The Secret Life Of Pets"
MOMA MAG ISA
Joan Sebastian voice is so beautiful
These boys keep blessing our summer . THANK YOU
Stay sweet
Valentine
This year you're mine OldGreenWorm!
And you, whom will be yours?
"Choose who you want to be with"
"Her."
Lupa kainin mo ko HAHAHAHAHA
My ID is Gangnam Beauty
7 lbs 15 ounces and 21 inches
Yongguk
I really hope I can win!! Thank you so much!!@pandaminahOt7
Done reading we could happen
Wowww fabbb
Movie Entertainment
AMOR DA MINHA VIDA
Again n again Happy Wedding Anniversary
May you
She all i want and all i need
Happy belated birthday I love you!!! miss you and our tequila fridays!!!
Soooo, happy 2-monthiversary to my fave couple your the best couple I know ~Simon
Our trending party will start in a few minutes. Kindly wait for the official tag announcement.
traveling to Thailand
Yes! Will we meet you in Prague? I need to meet you for a selfie with my inspiration
Miley Cyrus - Wrecking Ball
So glad you loved it! You're welcome & thanks for watching.
Don't weigh your value based on how people see you.
Have a blissful Sunday..
I thick....
Sir
You're the best
\
Just downloaded the new album..soooo loving it
HBD dear Princess
aww so sweet, what I definitely needed
Youngest daughter if mine following an Yoga Masterclass in India.
My everything
I honestly just picked a picture but my point is this girl notices everything. && i did change it. To all 4 of my babies
No more annoying relatives comment
sweet ^_____^ also happy 21st
Love you too take care
I dont know abt u guys, but my all time fave lady would always be lady america. Always.
Off my absolute rocker but sooths my down so much love it
New pic of Dakota at the Event in Denver (Via
Finally did a haul again after so long had to treat myself
please never trash art again, and get the drawing out of the trash and save it if it's not too late
MS DHONI
I hope you had a fabulous birthday and weekend because you deserve it You keep everyone smiling with
That's love
Camera Flat Design, Thoughts?
Like it ? Give and be sure to Follow to see more of these concepts.
Appreciate your life and don't complain about materialistic things. Appreciate the fact that you are alive and healthy
Armie, really crazy
Hi anon! I love how you promote!
Is this their new album? Will definitely check it
Snoozing for a bit
that cake was delicious! honestly if i wasn't full up, i would have had more than the 1 slice
it obvious? a bard
INSANE STREAM
Huge shoutout to for the thicc host
And big to everyone who came out and helped me
I liked a YouTube video from Nashgrier - ASK NASH & HAYES
Dreamteam is next month
She's nearly there lads, please dig deep and make a dream come true!
So so proud of you
Tonight's look
hehehehhehe
See youu
thank you sm
bye hoe.. hope yo choke in your sleep
superb
Fam and friends
sweet Dreams talk later
Watching oh my god its gorgeous
THANK YOU SO MUCH BABY HAPPY 1 YEAR BABE I LOVE YOU SO MUCH
chaton
Ingram my man.. a ride or die
THANK YOU SO MUCH COMING TO EUROPE it means a lot to European ARMYs even tho you only came to 4
The greatest one that I ever heard
Still adoring this view! so alluring!
Good morning everyone!
I hope you have a good day of rest and
good boy for doing it after you got a fresh manicure. congrats girl, so happy for you.
Spoty
Target runs are always a blast with this silly one.
I just love this, the excitement and joy on her face
RT babyosh0412:
thank you palage
ang gwapong driver naman nito
Hats off to you .. you deserved their
Lovely autumn colour on this card dont you think?
Hello friend with flower heart greetings card.
bed weather + coffee + lany playlist r the best
Thanks for those clips. a lifesaver
De mais Cedo
Valno ouvva follow all member dulu iyach.
Very cool....thx for sharing!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY LOLO!
I MISS YOU SO SO SO MUCH AND YOUR ROYAL AND SKYFLAKES NA MERYENDA PALAGI
- thnx
- good morning
From a former New Yorker this truly made me smile
Good morning, Vuyo. Have a lovely Sunday
from philosophical tita car rides to UP to philosophical tita lunch dates on weekends we r truly growing up lmao love u
yess bcp trop beaux
Sarang
Thank You so much...love !
admins with team sabaw uwu
Yup.. I know Luv.
Noooo fr I love it
Hey!
except bc he always gases me up
Aw when she said all go you guys are adorable
Noi ci siamo
Good Morning Elminie ,enjoy your Sunday
As always, Kim Mingu the model!
is my aesthetic
I believe one day be mine sayang Amin i love you & will always love you
Fam Bam on Spotify now
Brilliant
Except you
think I'll get kicked out if I do this at the event? Thanks bro
Go ahead in your vision Allah first then we all support
Wonderful memories for me too xxx
Love you thank youuu
YOU'RE THE ONLY PERSON FROM WHOM I WANNA BIRTHDAY WISH
Morning you wonderful people
I miss youuuuuu
Got my holiday reading sorted thanks to my dear friend Catherine at Routes of Life
I am much more careful this time.
I LOVE YOU
La genitalia es amor
Wow! Faith in humanity
Crying.
Love Letter / See saw / Rosy
Hey you! Yes you! Pakinggan mo 'to because you are loved.
At least I got to see and appreciate it!
Maybelline powder matte yg toasted brown
Cuteness Overloaded
Sunday
Weekend
Yassss
We paying for nails, hair,& eating her pussy 3 times a day in 2019 I bet you she leave
Touchdown
fantastic adventures and fun in the and Ireland
Grateful to be home and see my little unicorn soon
I also hope this helps someone!
Oh yeah.
I miss my baby :(
anyway, haylor
I this guy forever
Dad.
I feel this on every level
My fav black king
What a vigorous rendition of Somewhere Over the rainbow..
This World class Diva should have a spot
I try my hardest to be as open as possible, better for everyone that way!
Keep up the fight fellow sufferer
Omg do remember when my account was locked for 10 days always grateful I got it back
Welcome new tumblyyy.
Thank you my sweet girl I appreciate you so much
Hope ur good now cuz health matters most prince
My inspiration
We lovee you
God's plan is ALWAYS the BEST plan!
in Tonight's
This is the reason I like
Love this!
Some love for the Rat
Knowing that be a great dad too for our kids .
G R A C E
thank you for following
I Absolutely Love This! And I'm going to Miss
love my tech family so muchhhh
13 days until ravi, 12 days until for the first time in 2 years im meeting again
Absolutely love this. Have a lovely day
Thank you team
My Most fav pic of With Laxmi Aunty .
U both r looking so beautiful & gorgeous
Only 28 days to go
.
.
.
.
.
This is the most pure and heart warming thing seen today. I love being a Coug
Lmao i feel special for saying nigga back but goodnight beautiful
Mingyu in red is
Delicious seoul bay love
JIL LOVESTORY MUSICAL FAMILY
Credits Ate Paula Liwanag Cuneta Astrodome
Im very happy with life
Take me there
Sorry I couldn't hear that nonsense because you're blocked. Heh (You're wrong as hell, sis.
Aaaawwwwe!!!! Thank you soooooo much for the wonderfull message! You are really lovely
jdjdjd shut whdu why are you such a dork flsjdjn i love you a lot and you did great today gyu mc
HAVE A HAPPY SUNDAY
My Red
Congratulations
Honest, open & classy
Love Pure and simple x
He was looking right at you !
LuNa H L is LIVE at Loops Live. Get into the Loop NOW.
Loving our Indian summer but now wanting some so I can light my special candles and get all cosy
Love you
Thank you my love
Hiya.
all the best king and
why yes me on the IG website, scrolling back 2 Days and liking all the lovely glimpses into your lives
lose your happiness for someone else. You come first love Crissy, but love Domo more
Thanks for listening earlier....I needed that
Thank you Queen Bob Fox!! A loyal follower you are!
Needed this
hey princess
CUTIES
After months and months of not be able to see Deadpool 2, I finally watch it and I was not disappointed
So much . Altuve is so tough All the Astros playing so hard through those injuries. So much
Nice design and great meal
For burger Singapore
OMG the beginning has me dying! also this is the song we listened to when we bonded as bffs & crying thank you zab!! ilysm
John Mayer
We have the same birthday
bre so right thats why ily
OMGGGG prayers prayers prayers
love u loads
me and p even talk everyday but when i need her she right there. I love you
re-watching mr & mrs cruz!!!! ahhhh my heart
MyMuhammad_MyAssegaff
the banner fell off the storm. Luckily some German blockheads saved the banner. my info is that
Thanks, lovely It's a brutal disease, very cruel. It causes dementia as well, which is
Congratulations Tom
WITH EERYTHING I AM
hello delpans! bored na ba kayo?
punta na sa Mini Edition to Win game this monday (October 22
Hang in there. you. I'm so sorry you feel this way. Take a break. You're gonna get through this.
Miss a little more than usual one day live in the same city again
MESAJLA UYANDIM PUANIM 100
which is best for future HADOOP , CLOUD COMPUTING and DEEP LEARNING??
love from ahmedabad
Morning
Beyond blessed for my wifey and daughter
All the best everyone taking and push on !!!! ITS THE LAST LAPP AYEEE AND HERES MY SAYANGS HEHE
So sorry to hear this
ur the cutest
3rfaha mn 1 sec w mn ahla nas el 3rftha f hayaty shkhsytha hlwa awy w attractive
The best video about LITHUANIA so far
.
Best maid of honor I could have asked for ! thanks sis!
Oh my oh my colouring
Love
Oh Jesus, sorry love
Kid in red
Hannah Sell will help you forget your Tuesday morning blues (35 Photos)
Thank you for updating the au regularly.
I don't think I could've taken this much angst without big hiatuses
Y yo a vos
I go back from work malam, nanti i pm
Abu Dhabi I love you
love this!!
so sorry
Wala ng PAPALIT
thankyou for taking care of exo
Thank you for letting us be apart of something so great such an inspiration
our Open Day TODAY
Super excited to see you all
Come and meet us, we are here 11am until 3pm
slayed it tonight, good to finally meet
it's the 'reCkoN' girl:)) followed
all my ladies
Meghan.
missing in football these days, loyalty. Hope he does stay forever
Bless that 1%
Still it sucks you have to work
I Red You
The heart has no wrinkles
nisugats akng twitter feed hehe. Imissyoumore
I miss when they post in the same place at same time
Jensen Ackles is a great a actor, singer... great father, husband.. great bromance to Jared and great hard business man
Happy Birthday Nemanja
Had fun with my sisters
Gulzie Ki family bas badhti hi jaa Rahi hai
Happy Birthday Ami hope you have a beautiful day filled with joy, happiness, love, hugs and lots of
Awesome Beauty That I love seeing bring on more
Reminiscing w/ ree she so cute
Lea and Esang.
She is Love
Good Morning!
De hoje
my new found love for beef caldereta with olives
Bookmarks almost ready!!!!
Allah buri nazar sy bachaey rakhy apko Ameen
Love always wins
It shall be well.
aaAaAaaaah the feeling of contentment
*sending hugsss*
God made my heart while he hasn't find anything to make
Thank you so much for the wishes and kind words
Nick Bannister happy birthday to my darling Frank bear hug you soon my darlings
Thankyou my mutual :))
My party was so good, everyone had such a good time! Went so much better than I planned
Rt,dm
Breast is always best, right?!
Great birthday gift
My home
New schedule
Fitting those beautiful gowns.
IFB
lovin' this song :) fave part ko yung hikab hahaha labyu
aaAaAaah the feeling of contentment
Thank you today I want to say you that you inspire me so much and after seeing your confidence
Friend I am there in spirit all the best! I love you
Valentine
This year you're mine namjarln!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Happy belated birthday! I hope it was great (mine was good!)
JE MEUF, ENCORE BON ANNIVERSAIRE
Bantay ha. Aasahan ko yan loves SML from JAPAN
Mood
never doubt yourself. Stay focused, never let anything slow or stop you from conquering your goals. Good luck, we you.
Glad that you weren't physically hurt
Wait for me guys huhuhu, missyou too
Had a lot of fun playing games yesterday at FPCI Foreign Policy Community of Indonesia event
Team
Thank you, guuuys.
Bon diaaaaa petoneta!
Grabe this!!! Nagwala ang lahat
RT MAJIXHD: RT MAJIXONE: Follow everyone who likes and retweets this
angelmajix
RT MAJIXHD: 1:RT & LIKE THIS
2:Follow all who RT & Like
3:FOLLOWArqueraS1310
4:Turn on my
I LOVE YOU ALL ADN.. Fandom Hug..
Mariko-sama
United pa rin tayo
Y yeah luv but for real that is perfect on you
for a tbh
My whole heart.
All vinyl Tiwoof is a super cutiepie~
the coffee that i need in the the best part.
i spent the past 6 months with my soulmate and i cannot wait to spend a million more
It's for you not for me... Is mine..
happy birthday vida
sweet thank you!
Congratulations brother
Love you Rinu brother
Nighty night. One day my dorm room will have heat for more than a few hours
Love you
amazing
Ok. So Jess and Gabriel Conte caught my
Mon chat mais jlaime beaucoup trop omg Moon of my Life
Stealing this idea
NAG IISA KA TALAGA
Julie
definitely the archer elf
Usher - DJ Got Us In Love
Gain 700 active followers
Retweet fast
Follow all RTs
Follow Me
You must follow back
Turn ON my notification fast
Angry young man
is angry when he realizes that Bela's mother has gone
Outstanding performance
HBD to the defender of the century
Oh in A Star is Born.
Those Paws
Tag someone who like this Cat VIDEO
.
Follow
Credit to Los Angeles, California
If you have less than 1000k followers
Retweet
Follow all RTs
Follow all Follows
Comment ifb as many as
Had a lot of fun playing games yesterday at FPCI Foreign Policy Community of Indonesia event
Team
Wishing you all the luck in the world - happy writing in November
Good morning allous
thank you love!!!
Thank you the book launch is this coming saturday. At in Braam, jhb. Here is the
Zero is so special for me.
Congrats our queen keep smiling no matter what..
Thank you Laura! I had a great day, gracias
RT MillieThom "RT Thereadingchimp: a dystopian mystery? Box set now available!
Get the series Free with
PINTER IHH
Damn. None of you beauties disappointed. All did an amazing job.
and RT
Good morning lads
Ruby the pug visited us today at the Marrickville Market, such a bundle of cuteness
Thanks big man
Thanks bro
1 years 1 month
Another beauty from yesterday...Porth Meor
I remember this Jin imitating Rap Monster
iKON 20/10/2018
I use the treats that I make them when outside but when I play it in the house I use one of their toys
Looks more elegant in this saree anu
This card is a Divinely chosen Guidance message for the WEEK of 22nd to 28th October 2018
Blessed be
Had a lot of fun playing games yesterday at FPCI Foreign Policy Community of Indonesia event
Thank you!!
reply to this tweet with any emoji to be added at my happy pill list
...featuring Bardi and Madonna.
Favourite song at the moment.
nope! on the 23rd just tweeting this early
Youngjae look so grown in these photos and I feel so proud
UB B giveaway draw part 2 hehe
Last day to enter this giveaway! Winners will be drawn later today, good luck
Poor Norm!
A Sunday roast
what ever they say
what ever they do
We love you
Stay safe, I hope ok
this woman has not only a beautiful face, she also has a beautiful personality too
you have earned more
Aaaaaaandy! Thanks for playing one of my tunes! It means so much
Anuuu, this is so amazing
Proud of this self sustaining fandom! Swerte kme sa inyo pero aminin nyo swerte din kayo sa amin!
Yeah tell us
What. A. Day. Still, thank you, Lord!!
I can change your life
Proud of this self sustaining fandom! Swerte kme sa inyo pero aminin nyo swerte din kayo sa amin!
Omg. Would love a house like this. Fantastic darling.
Never wanted to be a Sandy, I'm happy being a Rizzo
"Peachy keen jellybean"
wow Isaac is amazing
The way this man thinks
Awwws eres todo un amor uwu
my birthday!!! My baby made it to 60!!!
Lord, been sooo
Morning Twitterland the last day of and officially that is but
what inspiration do you get when you write your songs? love from Turkey!
I MADE IT IN KATS VIDEO so happy and incredibly proud of kat love you
Thank you
hope everyone has a lovely sunday
happy birthday 21st to my papi chulo.. we gone get litty today boyyy, love you always
I pray for my man.. really going through a lot.. I know gonna be ok.
Wish see them on screenit will be
The Doobie Brothers - "What A Fool Believes" (Official Music Video) via Love this song !!!
So grateful that Wartburg brought Kailee & Rench into my life. They are my freakin people
This is magical!
mlindo the vocalist
where new adventure lies just around the bend.
House on the Props, Polperro, enjoying our coffee with a little something on the side
My date for today
Tysm sa treat!! Hehe
Ang Cute mo
Always nice to see all this
U too
I this tweet.
I My Parents & Siblings
Valentine
This year you're mine hooky_spooky!
And you, whom will be yours?
Es ist Liebe.
..
Thomas Anders at Schlagerboom 2018, 20th of October.
Sabine Brauer Photos.
Please remember to watch the mv in official channel
Such a beautiful couple
This makes me miss playing the flute
This smile matters the most
Happ happ happy birthday!
Shukran
Parmeish is
Hi, Tigyawat! Love u
Month 10 IM UP TO DATE NOW I love youuuu
thank you sweets!
Shoutout to thank you so much for the new layout i love it!
Memories
Very very true.
Chocolate bar
Water
Phone battery full
Earphones
Playlist
Bye Kampala
Bye Curfew
Hello freedom
Namjin behind RM Mixtape
U
Thank you Jon
Selong Selo Resort & Residences Lombok
Love you ez wait to see you
ADVENTURE TIME!!!!
Island Song by Ashley Eriksson
These chicks could kick your ass and steal your heart (20 photos)
I don't know about others but yes is deserving. Because the whole week, unpe baate hue hai
Galery 2018 vivier
Security eco droit
I ma culture Vivier
iKON 20/10/2018
Thanks Rose!!
Hopefully he's safe and comes home soon.
excited for it man
Love you, oxley
thank you nmat doneee
[XXVI] October 21, 2018 - Loving him is burning red. Help this cute pup with his poses, he's running out of
one of the reasons why sunday is my favorite day of the week, mc!mingyu
Hi just a daily reminder that I love you and hope you have an awesome day you too
when u got a good afternoon sleep after 123456789 years thank youuu, Lord!
Strong man
My support system.
A girl who is always there to support me whenever I feel down. Who
What a wonderful photie
At my office, The Blue House at the Lake where I write my books. Not writing anything, just digging! ! More
Yuri is that btch legends only
so
1 year ago today
R3.0 The Concert was one of the most humbling, inspiring and unforgettable moments of my
Babyshower was a success ! My baby got so many things ! Thanks to everyone who came super drained tho
I the now she is finally where should be in the WWE and it's going to
Everything is in the right place and time. Just be with God.
Breathtaking London night view.
Am so lucky being your friend Me too meen 3lshan I think I know who are you
Love $flash
we are Thalivers
VU
Lost in a nightmare
My dream found me
She showed me love
And set me free
Join the Zero Fan Group now and turn your wait into fun, along with all the fellow SRKians!
Mind over matter babygirl. Every day. Tell yourself that every day. Your strength is limitless.
Sending you my love
After I going I want to bounce back and make my better
Spread the word fam... Preach... there's a new sheriff in town... his name
Omg this is amazing! wait to get married to the lomf and have my best maid do this
Hi Jenny. a singer and electronic musician, going on tour in November, having just released an album shanghai
My hero
Thank u teacher
Day 294 - this was our weekend. wairoa Mahia Makarori. There's no place like home
Track Dance Tik Tok Videos Video Music Video
Selong Selo Resort & Residences Lombok
Not feeling the peppiest today, but trying
thank you jekyy!! congrats din
Beautiful have a great weekend...well sunday and a fabulouse week
OMG MY HEART thank you for this non stop Mariah Playlist on mellow myx
Thas my frienddddd
This is my best friend
1st month
Daddy Bae is here!!!
Glasgow Catterick Southampton get ma wee man
Keep Watching In Youtube
20 Million Views Before 48 Hours??
Ameen
To many more happy memories
thank uuuu !! much love
Surrounded by my favorite flower with my favorite man , I love you forever and always baby
alam ko yun hehe thanks
My second chance
Thank you so much
gn to my tiny but powerful daughter only
You deserve to be happy
Looks like my bunny
Just sold! Get yours! Pink Dildo and Latex Short Version
Put on some love songs and heat up the pots, because Sunday is officially underway
kim and kanye will forever be my love goals
happy birthday we all you!
Thanks to Herrera
Happy birthday chy
Amazing photo Staci darling.
Thank you for showing me the way
Thank you so much Adi Love
going to pin this one cause I miss her so bad
This is WHY I PalmerReport So much.. He tells it like it is..
When others don't & won't..
AND HE
RT Rate
RT leedscitycoll "RT sonya_midgley: Great to be at Leeds City Printworkskb LeedsCityRegion your
we love you tish study well!! i gotchu always and i love youuuu. cheer up na
wait to be there on Wednesday... go back Blue!
We that you love it Enjoy the Blockchain event x
feat. Biggy
The kinda content I wanna see
cant wait for this to be accurate
We fall in love with those who know how to see us...
and who are not afraid ...
G MorninG..
Ice cold baby
day well spent w them
music weather
Awww blessed to have you baby, thank you for being sooo good to me
Hope ok nay
Gift from srk universe Kolkata
I loro sorrisi
Yeah bro, fine. Thank you for asking
Verily,
in the Remembrance of
ALLAH
do Hearts find Rest
Al-Quran 13:28
Roxas gdman
Thank u
just needed someone to drink with thank you for making me feel like the luckiest girl alive.
T AMO
Team Kramer will be attending
Buongiorno
Thank you for taking care of me & supporting me. Ily guys
RUSSIAN FLAT TIPS
Lisa loved doing this full set of luxury Russian flat tips for beauty queen
OMG i swear they are so gay for one another i love them so much
I wish we lived in the same city!
Blessed
What great news!! Congrats on your affirmation!
Omgg! Thanks and this Angel deserves the best actually
aww, a tinly little stiched cloak!
with get_repost
mastersatwork_ doing the Bizz last night.
BIG to
aww my heart thank you !
Congratulations!!! I'm so proud Will love your beats forever!!
i have one when you hugged me so tightly nen neechan its a reminder we have to take more pics
So Bilder Omg
Love them
I survived it
When in Daanbantayan
Happy Birthday Joy You are so loved and missed dearly.
Quality time with Bella
I have the most strongest FAMDOM.
Always thankful kay Cj and to his Mama
Hahaha
Alright!!! Got it. Wish you all the luck honey.
Love of my life
Wawit hehehe sweet miss u!!
Happiness is this
you got this
oMJI?!?!?!?!?!
Im so not ready to leave but i need my own bed and to see my besties
My baby, I love him so much
I love you too baby
Such a beautiful song.
Is this for real? Mah. Heart. OMG.
takecare b ! will miss you . iloveyou !
My Sunday
Thank you Jesus!
a picture
stop watching all our videos from tonight. She was amazing. Speechless man.
Hello people.
I stan the best.
We love you more G
You're truly the best GO account I've ordered from thank you for your great work.
Snapchat - BlushSnaps
Love this man, all blessed to have met you
Thanks I Will ofcourse
and watch new fans come running in
Happy birthday
Beautiful girl
Hope all washes come true
yuwin cafe and i go have fun my moots
Ya babammm
Ver a the weekend y acordarte de tu hermano te amo
ahe thAnk yoU
Happy Sunday mayzee wish you a fantastic day
6 years of Red
Him with kids is my weakness
Muchas gracias, Mark!
My friends ware my favorite
I love you
Hard Rock Hotel & Casino Punta Cana
Oh saa Kookoi sorry will always reply ya msgs from today
Never be over this moment, ever FACT
Nashim Is that person who entered my life from no where and suddenly she means the world to me
; An Amazing n Soulful Start as well as an End Congratulations for the Award ;
Even God said we are great and beautiful so who am I
[XXVI] October 21, 2018 - Loving him is burning red. Help this cute pup with his poses, he's running out of
I love the list of writers you consider the best out of Nigeria
Did you/do you read Cyprian
Thanks love
on some real spill tho prayers go to that car that got hit tonight .... hope yall okay...
quality time with luv. thankyou papa god!
Awww. Thank you, Jet!!
I love them
One more birthday lunch well spent !!
Ig post with n
Like it
you were absolutely incredible tonight
Damn, that sounds so lit.
Good luck with everything.
| Harry recientemente en Los Angeles
Publicada 20.10.18 - tw: irvy007
Good going Everyone knows that you are playing fair and doing good which some people
Happy birthday bro
thank youu!
He's a mystery
He's a masterpiece
to this "Peanut Butter Sandwiches" by Milo that I just added to my
probably my fave quote of all time
The fucking Reds!
Fmtb that bad I work out everyday do what I signed up for and look we might be going to war
INCLUDE /
Well done Nala, glad both safe
Please yeh killing session on rakhein
to spend your night
with me till tomorrow!
youll get so many new fans u deserve it
Cheers buddy !
goodnight, I love my beautiful alaska lasksa Ali, my two boys and more than anything I hope to wake up to a dm from them
Means a lot
Supportive fathers
Iloveyouuu mamsh as always!
Thaneasura now streaming Dead Space, go show them some love
1. my name is chloe! and my chinese name is
Guys! Now I need only 1249 rts and 1249 likes! Please help
Thank u so much
I've seen Patrick Stewart perform the role twice
Psssst .... GOOD MORNING
I tried.
Inspo by Zendaya & tinahalada
[LIVE] SATU SQUAD CONQUEROR - PUBG MOBILE INDONESIA - mabar with Alma No Limit : via
Thanks. I appreciate it
Oh my gahhhd!!
We deserve dogs
He is so HAPPY!!
Miss World Philippines 2017 left a comment.
Check us out This popped on my feed today
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Of cox you can kwani ~ nice to meet you too!
Still have mad love for all of you guys
beautiful
TBM te amo
This is the best sight to eyes this weekend Dr. Armaan Malik has given one iconic character
It's ok Coco don't worry about it. Soon enough you will get through it and will talk with us
Hahah how cute he is
i want my co filo swifties to be happy
best part(s) of was and
sad part was blowing me off
.... soothes the soul, i swear
happy birthday gorgeous!!
The eyes I love the eyes
E IKAW???
Those specs and red lipcolor tells a story, how gorgeous a nerd can be. Thank you:(
Ahhhhh
Yes indeed
Stay wimme too unnieyaakkk
Urwell and thx for everything too
My little cherry boy
Love to warm her up!
So great to see how well it went! We could not come but you all cheered us up, as we watched from the mainland.
lovely sunday to you and your friend
Derartu Ethiopian superstar we love you
Thank you
hope she gets well soon
Yes the spurs fan still drew the short straw having to settle on arsenal
the world is so much better with you in it
[XXVI] October 21, 2018 - Loving him is burning red. Help this cute pup with his poses, he's running out of
Spread the word about this guysss it wont take so much of your time to spread it and make a change
Happy Birthday
May God bless you with the best in everything. Have amazing year ahead, Much Love
Okay good. Take care of
yourself >:(
Be happy always
I this! Reading and eating chocolate in bed? Amazing!
Fighting maroons!
Its a very beautiful place
Congratulations to everyone in abuad convocating today. Good luck in life i love y'all
Happy birthday bb Thanks bb
Hi tayler, how was your day?
Fave song
Wow, Amazing! Lonelyy is broadcasting on ,come to join!
taehyung my little paris boy
Why thank you! Sorry, just saw this - thank you for the kind words
Aweee love you Luke
me when I see a new video of you totally crazy. enjoy your sunday
times like these u know who ur real friends are. forever grateful
Chanyeol and Yunho. O M G
Hey thanks for the Tim tam
Bei Bungo Stray Dogs: Tales of the Lost habe ich einen flirty Dazai.
| Jade via Instagram
Throats are permanently closed & shut
congrats ate mika!!!
Yiee incomplete haha
Good morning all
Wow, Amazing! Lonelyy is broadcasting on ,come to join!
Pinapaiyak moko Artuuuu best day eveeeeh
One yard at a time! You are an American treasure Rodney
The new boat
thank you babe
Wow, Amazing! Lonelyy is broadcasting on ,come to join!
Have A blessed life ahead
Love you lala
Happy Birthday My Love Eagle Rock, Los Angeles
So is he
Snapchat - BlushSnaps
Happy b-day!! I hope you have a nice day, darling
180725
Hablame de amor
thanks Matt
Your sisters in South Africa are with you! This is for EVERY girl who has been a
My dream team
Need just one more to reach 90subsribers and 11to reach my october goal
So many amazing Manchester memories
so pleased to say Lucky is
Thank you for rts x
LUCKY male blk/tan/wh NEUTERED &
Thank you ejay. Love you too!
Let Love Reign In Everything You Do
Here comes the noise
These look absolutely amazing darling.
Are you shipping to the UK?.
Such a useful read
Snapchat - BlushSnaps
To City Alone
Me and you sis , me and you
CHEOL'S PART IN SUKYO IS MY FAVE
Best dance of the night for me!
Amazing movie. Chemistry between these 2 . Chicken soup scene was one of my favorites!
This is beautiful!
squish gal
Enjoy your chill time
With these cuties.. Delhi, India
Wow, Amazing! Lonelyy is broadcasting on ,come to join!
Wow, Amazing! Lonelyy is broadcasting on ,come to join!
Why am I single these days? no longer about love , only about likes .
I &
Cheeky before traveling to Camden Town for
..
yes then
Thank you so much! wait to celebrate with you. See you soon!
A beautiful sunset. A great pic
I miss you too Linda.
Sending you lot of love and hugs
Gn
blame yourself too hard. Just keep calm and carry on. We will support you all the time!
Valentine
This year you're mine cigarush!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
- Pervcity football sunday fucking her tight end
Aww thank you!
Hablame de amor
[Cris Stagram] Repost IG
MASTER HER tee GOT IT
Love
Congratulations to my sister and the rest of the team on your award this comes at just the right time
I was everything I wanted to be in Dubai
That's good
I'm so happy with the results of 2018
what i wished has come true, wins the
okay babe I know everything will be good
just so invested in emotional huhu thank you fren
Backstage with the beautiful right after the
I miss my sissybro & kids already They just left
Just danced in the living room for 2 hours. I could get used to this.
Barney just makin my bed dad
Oh yay! That will be my other local
bouta put a tracking device on this nigga ready to risk it all
ilu u are valued even if u dont see it
Twice is life
Guys please download starple and vote for Twice at AAA let them become the best girl group they deserved it
Bless you big boss
This is big dick energy, thx mate
thanks so much for always giving us credit I love these edits!!
Mi canal de Youtube
Donde estare subiendo gameplays :p
My first and only tattoo is my mamas name
gn
Happy birthday bb. Ily.
Looking so Pretty
An amazing job opportunity with the Team - come and work with us:
Update- happy , loosing weight my grades look great and my man is fine . Good night
happy birthday micaso!!! Have a good one hehe kahit na exams na tom luv u dinner naman!!
NCT & EXO
Indulge yourself into his charm
Hug the reality whatever it may be and yes
Flamenco on my cheeksgot beautyra for my birthday
Thank you so much from Drake and I He was so excited!!!! Bernal Heights, San Francisco
How good person he is. Appreciating every fans
Hope to see Devon & Kiko in one of shows
Eu e meu primo , tmj
I think being joined by the hip to your bestfriend for 5 weeks and never getting bored screams volumes about a friendship
Stay warm ahin love you
Happy Birthday from Mama bear to her baby bear .....
.
.
I love you handsome boy
In a sea of people my eyes will always be searching for you love you sunshine
Morning you lovely lot!
Had these lot in for lunch today from Whitley Bay Football Club who we sponsor Hope you all enjoyed!
congrats i am so sooo happy for u
Friendship Goals
i'm sorry but if your guy isn't like this, you are doing something wrong, thank you my love
Can we bring him out of retirement please?!
Thank you for the solid night balik kayo hehehe I love u all!!
rest ur mind love
Pumpkin patch with my babies
ooh trem bom
Pero i hope na sana im still here when exo comes back ily all thank you for the time
Umama wami
finna for a Hdm
Everything will be ok.
vai me beijar simmm haha
"nowwWWrrr" ugh i love you sm i'm great for guessing 'sausage' yeet
I've rewatched their Olympic performance on youtube so many times and it's still magical hahaha yes so can I!
What!?! Happy birthday love
Khuda Ka Banda -
He Did This On His Birthday Night.
Dark Matter camo Bo4 (:
Love this game
And luv my bro
Thanks for the love
theindtv
Indie Los Angeles, CA Gospel Singer newest
Don't forget who you are
You so fucking precious when you
smile
Don't worry. Anything for you b
Lazy Sunday mornings
OMG this is the most beautiful thing I've seen after waking Up!
Thank You For Your hardwork!
Brozay
I LOVE YOUUU
naraid66
fmbavmp#r%g
Much love man
I knew you'll make it to the top this time!!
Late night talks with Jeanine.
Missing u all esp. jeanineee, liah,
Thank you my friend
Hi love
You have to be crazy to be my friend. train you.
Welcome home, Prancha.
Starbucks AUF
good morning have a nice day everyone and
Love you
Sweet dreams to you as well!
just so invested and emotional huhu thank you fren
Thank you Katy, it really means a lot I won't forget that
This one made me smile big and wide
Asfand is da best
Thalapathy Sarkar Shooting Spot Unseen
It will here if you wanna talk or anything
dear God,thank you for fresh day fresh life fresh hope fresh mercy fresh love help me Lord to give this
I did thank you
I LOVE YOU!
Valentine
This year you're mine RPG_00Xiyeon!
And you, whom will be yours?
hy yshi! you're beautiful inside and out. i love you!! helloooo thank you!! luv u
Reached 900 followers
Thanks for the support fans and fans
100 followers more to go for 1K
always our pleasure fansitenim! fighting!
Although I love watching play I love this even more reminds me of our little boys when we coached
i b r o k e stick but not your heart
*arnisador
I treasure every saturdays of my life.
24hrs with my
This CF was released last year October 21 THE CUTEST
Amazing video!! Thank you for your transparency
Thanks Dear
OMG!! That is why i knew something was wrong with his forehand Roger
Made this for the button badge workshop
Hi love
"Let your kindness & love be like rain, that cares not on whom it falls upon. Spread peace
IM GLAD TO HEAR THAT! which songs did u listen to?? And do u have a favourite so far?
The whole team
I love you, Happy 30th birthday, and thank you for being born.
Super Stegen
welcome I hope the show went well
Tonight cleared any doubt that this guy is for me, the time exactly right but sure soon it will be!
Oh my he is gorgeous
Congratulations man
spyker..., Thanks for the follow and please feel free to RT and our pictures.
Good Morning Angels
this post
share this post
Which Angel number are you drawn to? Comment below...also do
te amo
The rice cooked with love
Lemon rice with touch of a carry chicken
eggplant rice
I dont usually do this pero exception siya k? K
Love my ladies
1 jaar
Lmfaooo who are you to be running up on me girl I you!! You my sis for life
bubu is an endearment. it's like baby or darling.
I added a video to a playlist Abraham Hicks How to Influence People Without Controling Them
Great news and well deserved
Your always find me out
Merci ptdr
Hope you like our little vitamin infused tea sample in there
Miss you always hunnie
Amazing first week! Rest up and see you soon!
April fighting
have a good time
The opening to this song destroys my life
Awesome!!!!
Tysm
Story Of My Life
I'm always gonna support your cutting shapes feature congratulations
My IDOL : SHAH RUKH KHAN
My Inspiration : BAADSHAH KHAN
My World : KING KHAN
My Happiness : SRK
My Heart :
Welcome to London
Enjoy mate
Present moment be like
I made my choice. Kit number 77 and million please and you will have a mix of CR7 and M10 in your beautiful team
Good morning guys.I have so preach it
Good night Twitter (say it back ) but gn bro
what year are you in at school?
wait to see you today
Welcome!
Your always finding me out
Mhm the only thing on twitch rn is a active chat so you would basically help me so much
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH
See you soon in Germany
Thank yoou
Thanks dei... see you
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Michelle!
Craving wingstop. preferably original hot 8pc. Alll flats pleaaaase
Have fun and be safe
That is awful, I know what I would like to do to that workman. Poor puss. Sending her a big cuddle from me.
so beautiful! happy birthday love
i like you kasi an kind mo and sweet at the same time caring MISS UUUUUU
trueeeeeee
Good night
HDJDJD thank you so much
FOLLOW every RETWEETER & LIKER
"IFB"
FOLLOWBACK all
Good night
missed you have a blast and enjoy yourself:)
just high and sad lol listen to me but I appreciate it a LOT honestly
Reply "I follow back" to gain followers!
good to have you back
I agree
FemaleFakeTaxi Hot emo chick tastes drivers pussy
Hopefully YG go to the game tmrw.
No love is real besides God love
Congratulations!
may ticket na ko sa burn the stage huhuu
Thank you
There are a lot of kind people in the world - if you can't find one, be one!
10 months later and Sound of Winter is still my favorite song
You are blind and I'm deaf , put your hand in mine to integrate
Thanks very much Liz
i love u
Awit
MT "@SAFEteamrescue Thank you for being his forever family hope he is settling in well "
My heart
Or a puppy Or even both wow cutest thing
welcome
A small clip from Khachar Bhitor
For shows contact us on 8436317795 /
Good morning
Happy Birthday ly and have a great day
Captured The Rain So Magnificently
. .
.
Hyper cute
11:00
Cynthia always gets me. No one else but her
G W A P A H A O Y ! ! ! ! !
Having the most amazing time
Both and Sehmat Khan are trending
UHD pic
Thank you, Sydney!
It was our pleasure to save your soles this week. Until next time...
Good morning lazy Sunday! Wake up lovely people !
Have a nice day !
Fairy Godninangs! Happy Christening Baby Nate! misscez mynameishaneee Holy
Looking forward for another with my family
My fave
hellow ~ i'm looking for mutuals
plz rt or if you stan:
velvet
That is such a beautiful picture of an amazing moment!
Butterfly fly away.
Hey .... I love You.
Oh poor sweet Derrick that is so sad but at least he found love and cuddles in his last moments
New video of Dakota and Zachary Gottsagen at the Event in Denver (Via Jamie Foxx)
Im redddyyy!
look who im going into a hunted house with
Retrogaming Memory!
Title: WEC Le Mans
Publisher: Imagine
Version: ZX Spectrum
Year: 1988
Kanna Kamui
Today was such a beautiful day
Hi, I still miss this innocent cinnamon roll, Dennis Zalewski
Blessed
Scorpio Season is APPROACHING
Thank You So Much For All These Tweets Will Keep Them In My Heart Forever. Love You My Happiness &
thanks bbg
Force a toi
Barbara is cuteness personified (25 Photos)
Wow, this design is so beautiful i wish for ajh to release their brand officially soon, some people
El bfpp es amor
Thank you Joanna Krupa You re 1 of the greatest
BUY NEW SINGLE by feat.
THE RETURN OF THE VOICE
ONE WEEK TO GO!
all got7
New pic of Shia Leboeuf, Dakota Johnson and Zack Gottsagen pose for one last photo together (Via Raq Villanueve)
[17'S Min-gyu] The heart of the carats became Seventeen Mingyu, a mingyu who has been Lovely ever since he
Always like and retweet with
Je t'aime
Holla sunday
Well I just want to let everyone know home and I barely made it alive. So happy
I read each and every tweet of yours! That is such an amazing story! Do you happen to have a
Thanks
All your exes so wack they just practice and now, being right next to you is my favourite position.
he old......dusty...
ENGLAND ROADTRIP ADVENTURE 2018
will finally see my 2nd YAY
Wishing a wonderful, happy birthday to mother Thank you for sharing Harry with us
I need a real friend. You need a real friend. Let's be real friends.
i hope you have fun ily
Top class
Skardu in can be a heaven for nature ers. For Dr Irshad, the mission today is to get
Thanks
so excited to fly out to London next week to see you !! 8 days to go
Thank you boo
welcome
M4M (Do whichever you want)
NCT In Paris :
GOT7 In Paris
Howard turn 20 Tuesday ima cry cause my baby grown grown my whole heart man
I just heard that see you in less than 2 weeks.. IM SO FUCKIN HYPED BABY I LOVE YOU AND MISS YOU TYLER
A constant reminder.
tonight made my heart full i love my friends a lot
the shit!
Welcome back sister
I'll be your Tonto, you'll be my clyde we'll be together forever we'll ride i fuckin love this song
Wepa stylists the shit that in lmao love it
Hahaha! I was busy these beauties...
Your mood warms my heart
Awe congratulations and the cake looks fabulous
[17'S Min-gyu] The heart of the carats became Seventeen Mingyu, a mingyu who has been Lovely
nora
no shit
Thank you for suggestions
thank you
Hey to all my TeamPwnage_Live is now streaming Sinner stop by and show some
Me Muhammad Amir Rasheed, Brother Muhammad Kamran Rasheed Bhutto & Czn Tahir Ali &
Crissy your fine asf and you do you boo i support both you and domo i love you and her soo
The new chapter really means we get to see a lot of Taylor again and I am ready for it
Fantastic track
Such a beautiful photo Staci darling.
how deep is your love
5 days and be in sunny California with my
see u soon in paris
Tattoos on our body so everybody can see
If they're messin' with you then they're messin' with me.
Awesome to have a new twitter page for my beloved Penrith Panthers NRL.
Week 4 and new faces keep on coming.
never too late to join. Come down on a Monday or Wednesday at 19:00
Can you please check you your Facebook messages
love you
Gorgeous as always.
Why are you smiling senpai?
Senpai, is so cute today!
sEnPai SeNpAi sEnPai sEnPai SeNpAi
Why are you smiling senpai?
Senpai, is so cute today!
HahAHahAHahAHahAHahAHahAHa
Woww... thanks...
Good morning my love
video goes up in 2 hours 59 minutes
i love you pooty ....
He's so close!
Now this is one of my Biggest dreams to Attend an EXO's Concert standing at the Front Row
Thanks fam
I don't have an idea, b about your old twitter username. I knew you as parkbaeworld already.
tip jeragat ! ws 017-9211450
YAS!
.
.
.
Lala please an reply krdein
Entry scene of
THE SAMEER MAHESHWARI
Look at those hairs
That glow on his face
Nd ofcourse our banda is
Truly is.......stood there the whole song greeting them all. Absolute sweetheart
I love kids well tha ones I can give back
I know right
that would be so so perfect literally a dream come true
Thank you for a
Gay! love ya tho~
Coltys new tat! I loooove that he lets me pick out his tattoos
Aww I hope to see Yoojung as well. Iiyak din siguro ako
Valentine
This year you're mine leo_mist!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
your Grace , your mercy , your love
I did! thank you for the tweet
Honestly this was all random and not planned but really happy that this thread made you all smile and happy!
.
kumar_chirag facebook post...18.10.18 . .
.
Siddhant, His Mum & Chirag on the sets of Mere Sai
Morning
Fifty Shades of Grey is my favorite love story of all time it gives me so much life
candy raindrops
tasty lips so sweet
the wind the sun moon stars so blue
this special day is for you
Happy
Most of my worries is that i tear my life between distracted mind & a weak
thank u po
Since '18.
Wow Sabine , it's magnificent !! Happy Sunday !! wish you a wonderful day
It will. Just keep trying and pushing forward.
Qayooot! Happy birthday
Wow great bro. Happy birthday in advance. 21st is a big figure
las patatas fritas con ketchup o con mayonesa? Com ketchup
My Shah Rukh Khan
I put your name in my mind , heart and dua'
STORI 2.0 tomorrow! The site will be unavailable today while we get ready for lift off.
Likewise thanks cuz x
Me too. I dreamt he came a gave me hug last night. :) Dad not Frank obvs :)
Anushka Sharma is too pretty for this world
milny ka program bnao
I'm all about the color scheme. Screw homophobic host nations!
I love Diego and Chara!
NEW Just LOVE
LOVE
so happy with u
Off the market!
We fall in love with those who know how to see us...
and who are not afraid ...
G MorninG..
Have the best time
181020
...
Happy Birthday to the Little Man !!
CONGRATS for one year of flicker we can't wait to see what our king does next love -G
Good morning Shaz Dull and wet here. Think this rain is on for the day. Have a super Sunday X
thank you mon amie you just deserve all the good things in this world
ayeeeeee. the one and only thank you so much Dayo
her! A heart of gold.
I'm in a field of dandelions
tyL for another year of life happy 15th self!
a few homecoming photos
this taekook is great
ilysfm babies
Throwback to campaign of NA-120
las patatas fritas con ketchup o con mayonesa? Con ketchup
Dr Dre and Timbaland.
Could they be anymore perfect
Awesome amazing perfectly framed cheeks perfect sexy body love best yummy gorgeous I like it I love it
Happiest married couple kuya and ate aragons!
Bursting with fun and frolics our very beautiful Angel X Isle of Man
Wanderlust is my absolute favourite on that soundtrack!
I Kevin Gates
BFF
Beauty need to be expensive.
Be beautiful and feel beautiful with this amazing Skin Perfection
beach day w/ sis & my little mans
"Ab Bas Bhi Karo Mujhe Lajja Aa rahi Hai"..
What even...
I miss you a lot
Hope having an amazing weekend doing whatever makes you happy, take care
I support
the more you watch the more gist you get even tho I was watching vlive!!! But I 100%
Congrats You're going to see iKON this Nov 11. DM me within 24 hours for your ticket. :) I will be
Honestly so infuriating, like what the hell? I felt like they were using me too I just want to have fun and make friends
Don't have time for the drama +
Me too
(@ UNIQLO in Seoul)
Tap for our THIRTEENTH winner in a row!
hello from my doggos! meet carrot and gravy
It takes more than love to make a relationship work
Appreciate you brotha
Long hair
Season 1
Episode 2
Mew Hi catboy I appreciate you
Right back at ya!
Happy Birthday Lolo
Missing and Ellie
bday party
goodluck fighting maroons!! especially
Anyone is welcome love
Lord, thank You
thank you my milk tea buddy!!! hope to see u soon i miss playing with u na din huhu mwa labyu
A small clip from our Retro Arrangements
For shows contact us on 8436317795 /
VISUAL
My first daughter
I a 100 years if she needs that to get better
My sisters.
So cute my TaeTae....
Can't wait to see you soon!
After all this time .. always
Follow everyone who likes this
This is de kind of woman I wanna marry.. .
We shall never forget RIP
Say Hello to the Big Screen
Tack.
I love you for that
Thanks love
Hello from Poland
Have a Relaxing Autumn Sunday my Friends
Kya dekhte ho.
Surat tumhari.
My dream is Watching Tatum on match I love you Tatum
She looked so beautiful at the event yesterday
Creative Collaboration
10.21
.
.
cute art of my merwarrior set commissioned by
check her out guys she's taking commissions like
my baby uwu
You were perfect babygirl, I love you too the moon.
thank you
Mi mama leticia
My pre-workout meal for today was 3 krispy kreme donuts
I wish I was a Dunmer irl gorgeous!
hi from malaysia
Ingat gurl!
Aniyaaa ziraaaa hahaha wish we could talk more yesterday but too much I was rushing :( it was nice meeting u there
What a beautiful voice..
Thank you!
Another 1M in 2 hours for MX Album Preview in vlive
Our goal is for 5M before live!! So monbebe please tap the
Avi appreciation
No no no no No! I was talking about me texting someone I for stupid reasons
Double celebration double win love these sports
Yo wifey so hot
Look for the helpers...
Happy birthday to the realest muse Have an amazing day, you deserve this keeks!!
okayy
is here
thanks dad
Grateful for my family, my home, my friends, and my life... ask for more.
16.
This.
16:01| The love that began yrs ago is still the love running thru our veins t'day. Faithful and always will be
Cuppas lis too
Exactly 1 year apart ! bestfriends
Link (Thanks for the one who post the links)
thank you for this I feel better
Just glad i was with my nigga last night i love him
MusMutlu pazarlarr
Grace Jones Ballerina.
mingsmithphoto with get_repost
Grace Jones Ballerina at Cinandre's Hair
Nice as usual! congrat on Izone debut!
It was a good day
See you sa San Jose rooting for you!!
Roadtrips with my family are always such an adventure I love it when we get together
Broke my glasses tonight getting lit with and one of the best nights had in a long time
rt and like mine too
No jaaaaaa , this is more true and real than official account
All rules done wish me luck!
ig :
dom Jogjakarta
Thank you
dee My b'day is also Today. Don't You wish ?
plz come back to us
TATA
COOKY
CHIMMY
RJ
MANG
Happy Sunday Tweeps
Yes we are And he fully deserves it. Talented actor and
Thank you so much
buenos mi bonito!!
Best couple
take as much time as you need, miss you
Love love love
Love these movies
sounds perfect!
i love you too
Taylor Swift
two years ago
Thanks so much brother ill never be a god, need lot of work
so in love. Like this man really owns my whole heart
Im so proud of you guys
thank for sharing this
10 years ago I was meeting up with -
The power of dreams
Inside the Venue
I love this photo. Elephants are amazing.
happy birthday to my princess & senator, carrie fisher! miss you every day
04:04
MERCII JE
This is all why we are all loving and supporting on her
Come and join us (link in
Domingo.
Don't disturb the librarian's karma.
By
x
Ily
THANKS CLARA!!! Would you know what time the printing shops there close??
Good morning Radisson Blu Anchorage Hotel, Lagos, V.I.
I have no words to describe your radha..
it would be beautiful if fixed everything for that beautiful grand baby
toujours aussi belle
Just Ahly
Mentality Never Die
I'd give this to my bf for Christmas
happy birthday old enough to be my dad now
My leggo heart
I promise you'll love this ad
Elizabeth New Ad Portrays Jim Costa Walking
Happy 96th Birthday Inang Viring
We love you so much
taylor swift on replay
My day has now started the right way xx
Hope the rest helps. Great name for your cat she needs her own cuppa
Guten Morgen
I return home I 'll do the searches.
I wish you a beautiful day with much love love love!!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY STEFAN
Suga said boycrush that day and now he said soulmates Namjin flying kisses
Fantastic beautiful inside and out voice of an angel
Say your prayers.
Fuck your tits
You have taught me well Thula
Wow, Amazing! Lonelyy is broadcasting on ,come to join!
because you are worth it.
Why, yes. My text tone IS the DUN DUN from Law and Order. Thank you.
- QUICK FIRE ROLLER
Tap if on it & you could win a FREE BET!
go
Happy birthday heart
my wallpaper
Nothing like taking shots with my great grandpa
Ily
I think she even looks better without make up Natural beauty!
Vaseline residue right by the nostrils for that extra hydration. I stan a moisturised queen
The next match is on Tuesday. if looking forward to it.
October 23 21:00 CET
He's still weird af Miss him so much
Reading vs Arsenal is the worst for split loyalties Good luck to all the faves
Yes, I totally understand! You're welcome, here for you
rooting for u!!!!! LABAN LANG
Drop the link fam
Thanks Husband. you
Happy birthday! Have an amazing day! Lots of
chicken joy parin
Morning Pebble how are you? What have you been up to?
Miss you guys be safe tonight
We LOVE the Ship Inn
Aw thank you
hala thank u!! i'm still learning :))
1. Another year of uni done YTFB !
2. you are the sweetest and most thoughtful !
that in and of itself is a huge compliment to ME
Thriller
The bigger challenges of parenting kick in when already a parent of two. Glad to have a reliable tag team partner in
ATW to Magallanes, Cavite
nedelja je
happy birthday !! luv u!
thank u
Happy birthday grill!
See you next week Ishan Adolfo.
thank u
OMG I AM SCREAMING!!!!!!
BOYS YOU ARE MY REASON TO LIVE... I LOVE YOU SO MUCH
Music Box
4 my mom
House music saved my life.
Teardrops
Bitter love
Endlessly falling down
Visitors
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
The Grounds of Alexandria
Please
Hello,Princess l Love you ((
Who wants to be posted One nice dm me
Good morning Cornwall in all your beauty and splendour! so wonderful to be back here!!!!!
RT PLEASE!
I got a RT deals with
Please RT this help me to reach 550 rts.
IT WILL
OUR ALFA WARiOR
LiON ROARiNG iN WH!
WE
this will pass
ofcs
JAE
We need to dream big I dont know why I wasnt subscribed to you so long time ago your builds are amazing
Aww lovely Hun I've only just caught up lol xx
You're a total legend and the birthday picture you made me makes me smile every time I see it!
And once again Hooked to the TV. Thank you for making my day what an aesthetic actor
I wish I can go back to the way I was before I got my heart broken miss my old self
OMG LAST TWO CAPS
Sorry about ending early guys I just suddenly felt unwell. I'll rest up and we should be good to go tomorrow
Woop November 18th
Hey I did something for the first time in my life
have a look pls
Hope you like it
A stunning couple, lovely photo of you both
Meri toh har movie se Hoti hai bas o movie mere hero ka hona chahiye
This picture
I The Big Lebowski!!! Going to watch it now!
Amen
Nooooooo 2nd fam always on top
You always did hugs
PJ Morton
Please take me back to that night.
I want this kind of love
Every day goals
UR THE CUTEST
Reconnecting with someone after sooo long is the best thing ever! I missed that friendship more then I ever knew.
Home with a view, palm trees & a bomb mall
happy happy 5th birthday to our angel hope doing good dyan sa heaven ate loves you!!
thank u!
Coffee & Cinnamon
Feliz nene God bless you with many many many more years, disfruta tu dia bicho
naraid66
g$ljjqrshmk
Taking pictures each other
Wow! Thank you Guys for supporting Vi and CK. Pero san po ito? Hehe. Imiss SG.
happy heart
Thank you
hopefully someday, be a part of this
//EBNAB
300K Loves on Instagram
Thank You To Each & Every Follower for the Wonderful Support to our Page
Special
So glad to see magazines like helping to rebrand
omg , i love you to the moon and back
It's just a start champ! Long way to go from here. Just play your natural game, we loved it!
All the
You were absolutely amazing
You are glorious
It really is magical, it's so beautiful hehe I may have it downloaded o to my phone...just so I
Happy Birthday to a legend Kim Kardashian West. I love you so much
God bless you
About yesterday
for a tbh
Oh my god
Soo pretty girl
I love you
Stalker alert hahaha sana ganto ka nlng soooo cute bb i miss you
CHILLS. forever my fav worship song
but somehow I feel relieve
I love this bub
Bby you're mine
I U
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
False positive reads on TB tests are more common than ppl think . sure your X-rays will show ur perfectly fine
Happy birthday!!! :)
Happy birthday
Her laughter can brighten even my worst of days!
Bring Nehha Back
I hope you and nicole will be back together I miss how good of a couple you were.
I like that I took 3/4 of these this was awesome
PTV HOME
post your fight pls
picsclassy:
thank u
Peace is rth bed
a little something that heals my heart
Oiee
Cranberry juice
What a beautiful dog.
Just caught up with what a brilliant show and a brilliant team
Start a Money-Making Blog: FREE Blogging Webinar Series
Homecoming was a blast with my friends :)
With a person that can kiss back and matches your rhythm
Thank you so much for sharing, that's such a timesaver!
This is what Sundays are about. Just wish Daddy at work so he could snuggle too
I really love "Chalte Chalte" a lott my favourite romantic track from
It's so
nice1 NU!!! Goodluck UP!!
i can say this is best WEEKEND in my entire life thank youuuuu
Ooouuu
Taylor- Let the games begin Me- our End Game
jgh
I'm so proud of you,
I love you more than the bad days ahead of us, I love you more than any fight we will ever have,
I am so sold to sp now
Lala may ALLAH bring peace in your life and keep you both safe and sound
Great idea but guessing not ? It should be international repair week ! Love the idea
Beauty of the day with moehairjourney for Milena damn.milena
Used moehairinc
Smile
You don't have the world's best problems you are breathing so you are still doing fine
November 24th, be 15
You're the sweetest, kindest person in the business. That's one of the reasons we fans love you so
So lovely!
Such good advice important to remember motherhood ebbs and flows and to be easy on
RT babyosh0412:
l o v e is a verb. A divine directive. Remember that.
So glad to see magazines like helping to rebrand
Missing those crazy dates with You. Babawi ako promise. Mahal Kita sobra
Zest by Soumya Suman.
.
Follow us on Instagram, Snapchat Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube.
Love you
Bravo. Trump is great. So are you patriot.
congratulations, my champ
Such a babe!! I highly recommend time with this stunner
Wanna one
For tonyt only on
Don't miss it
Pc :
I wish you success Iram
My bed is so comfortable unreal
BUNDLE PACKAGE SALE
Take All For Only P2,899 Only
You Can Choose Any Color Of Cellphone
GALAXY
comes naturally when love
after getting to know you & being with you ...I cannot imagine my life without you in it
Hum jiske peeche lag jate hai,
Life bana dete hai - ZERO
good luck; i miss you so much
been trying to get out of bed for the past 3 hours lord your weather bad timing though
Lamar family
Ok gn for now
Good morning
Spotify premium accounts for sale
Just dm for details
R E D C O R A L & M O O K A I T E
Coral brings wisdom, intuition, diplomacy and imagination
Helps
All the love in my Twitter-feed makes me so happy!
(Currently trying to keep it together on public transport up to
Aberfan
A Great night con esta hermosura
You take caree too! Rinduu
see u on tuesday
Blessed Sunday
So blessed to have you in my life
Late morning breakfast today! and toast plus coffee
Have a great Sunday peeps!!
Deep love
Valentine
This year you're mine 6ii33!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
glad to have been a part of what made your day great
Hey!! Please Follow Everyone All who RTs And Likes this!
1) Follow me & turn on
Wowzers indeed, that was mind blowing amazing loved it.
I wouldn't say we are the kindest. We are just kind. We also just denounce evil. :3 Besides, we
With a person that can kiss back and matches your rhythm
shitoos? shitoos.
sending love and affirming strength & balance
GAME DAY! | lets get the 3pts thennn!
Come to Cardiff I want to see you guys!!!!
Rayyathun ge Lawyer team SC ah vannany
Hours bbbabbbbyyyy
TQ
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Courtney!
Tu es mon inspiration
I love the seaside West Bay, Dorset
thank you so much hannah!
You're stronger than you think
Your so wise John Cena
I hope we could spend an alone time next weekend. Just You and me I love You, my Lord
Awww happy birthday hun have a fantastic day
Happiness is watching SRK 's movies
My
Gel Lovers chlo_makeoverroom with get_repost
EXCITING My 2nd Masterclass Of 2019
wkend fun with this
Wish Anthony good luck from everyone at churchills
Oh my gosh~ playing Sandboy! Yas! Haunt my dreams Adrien!
Finally! Napoleones straight from Bacolod City
In a good way hoping sus
Love these
aww good!
Thank you for bringing this image into my life.
Thank you
Me too
Thank you
I finally got a spooky basket!! Thank you
To NMAT takers: Whatever happens, congratulations guys! Especially to all Microbians out there
You want aye nigga to spoil you ? you have to be there on days he able to real bitches gone feel this
Baekhug
25 purrfectly natural reasons to love | 5. When you look into a eyes, you see trust and love.
I was having a bad day until I saw this asdkgdf so cute masha allah
bon anniv a la famax !!!
Thank you So happy you could join the
thank you
Wishing a very happy birthday! Thank you for being a great friend..
Hello! Pa-heart naman po nung mismong pic. Heart reactions are only counted thank you!!
Kids remember what you do, what you are. Try to set a good example for them.
Hum abhi aaye Hai
Twitter pe. Follow toh
Kar do.
Meu pretinho
Ok folks here is some more
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE ABSOLUTELY CUTEST AND BEST GIRL IN THE UNIVERSE MY PRINCESS I love you my girl
Happy birthday man
Yes you are definitely a playmate bunny and you deserve your own centrefold
Beautiful words
Notifs on
Omg love this smile is hot the sun rises
Actually can't believe my book has 70 reviews on Amazon! Massive thanks to everyone who's left me one
happyyy birthday.. i love you sooo much !! Have a nice day !
I disagree. She was calling them to share the joy of a new birth.
If it was protection, I would
10.21
.
.
Suck his dick for your own pleasure
I need you to be strong for now, please. Be strong
My hotel view in Busan
nice
Hi dear!! Like always thanks for your friendship How are you?? I hope you are very well and
My typa love: 1+1 by (Live on American Idol)
Congrats poo! Iloveyouuu Thankyouuu iloveyoutooo
you killed it tonight at
Arundhathi Roy is so fucking badass.
This town
Congrats to Reese and her real life Victor.
So proud to be and be surrounded by such committed volunteers thank you leaders of
hit
Awww congrats
Awwww my lor mama growing up on me Go Court i see you shordy
So lovely
You got it!
EONNIEEEEE
5 : 10
Maligayang Kaarawan Ginoong Juanito "Je t'aime ichi liebe dich te amo"
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Sarah!
ytl when i see you, i can see my happiness. I love you daddy
Spouse rak na
Beautiful sexy ass
I Love You My Love
and RT
Obsessed with that song
Follow and support this amazing fansite Her photos are beautiful
Show her a lot of love from
and I stayed up all night and played iMessage games together while we FaceTimed . I truly love my best friend
Aww just seen this miss u too ma wee bby
Goodness, chocolate pancake with bananas and peanut butter. What a perfect combo!
Amazing!!! Malaysia
I feel bloody terrible here today. What a day though!
So proud of you!
my lodis in one pic
rt if you stan gfriend
kim sojung - sowon
jung yerin - yerin
jung eunbi - eunha
choi
Oh, merci beaucoup ! Je l'adore
Today we are off to for WEST END BRUNCH!
We Brunch
We Theatre
We
Successful night HOCO 2k18
Hanggang sa Dulo.
Love it when a pro snaps your work! Mr and Mrs Chalmers love story wedding invitation design
Hi there love! I've commented on yours, pls let me know if it hot through!
Bon anniversaire mon je
Good morning Minx.
I'm off to work , have a good day
Hehe thank you!
Wow. I love this love
YES UWU
Me and OH
Honestly , I fucking love this bloke. I love him. Just fucking love him.
Hi!!! Someoe booked my flight for me so tuloy ako sa con
Welcome back prince
Hope you're alright now
Stay close to Nature always that's much needed
What happened that day was human and that's what makes you more beautiful
BET NBA
Washington Wizards OT + Lillard Damien 20 points
CT : 2,14
& Si tu suis
Love these personalised 'Santa stop here' cushions
Perfect addition to your decorations this Christmas
he comes from serbia
he'll fuckin' murder ya
Ugh love her!
Good morning
Happy 2nd Birthday to the cheeky monkey I call my niece
I love you Peebillions
Have strength... we hear you ..
Awesome perfectly framed cheeks amazing thong and ass best sexy yummy gorgeous I like it I love it
AND SLIDE IN UR DMS
ahhh thank you belle this picture kills me we were such
Support parin ako sa aldub
Morning Angels!
I wish all of you a beautiful sunday May this day be full of joy and happy moments!
Love you all
OH LORD, PLEASE HELP ME TO KIDNAP THIS GIANT BABY!
| pledis_17
found my bday
I love her so much. Her personality is amazing
Hello, take a picture with thanks!
Want want !
Beautiful and relaxing
Lololol I love you sista! I even know how tonight happened but grateful for you lmao ILYSM!
ITS YA GALS 18th BIRTHDAY
thank u
My fam qt ng mga babies koooo
Love you too!
Happy Birthday to your grandmother! and this cake .. i just want it
Cha Eun Woo current fav kdrama my id is gangnam beauty
Is a beautiful thing
i can't wait to listen to your playlist
BET NBA
Houston Rockets + Kemba Walker 20 points
CT : 2,13
& Si tu suis
happy birthday love
I love this song sooooo much
my handsome bb
KeKe do you love me
My sister from another mother
thank you abi the hottest!! i love you too
Love cosy nights
WATCHED: "The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society" I highly recommend this for you to watch guys. Ang ganda nung kwento.
Morning Allison love Glad we got a win. On to the next one.
Thank You So much for the follow back beautiful Goddess Alana!!! Sincerely, Goddess Property
Aw baby sorry I there! Mel is right
Praying for you and your family
I love how happy you make me
Just be happy. then left the people down you, go with the people make you smile. Dont stay in that kind of
Happy birthday sis May God continue to bless you and use you. Enjoy your day
Thank you love
Keratin + Haircut
Lazy Sunday
my girls Lava Cantina The Colony
Love it
Happy Sunday
This song is pure Bliss
Una peli preciosa! La recomano de tot
My fave person in the whole world...
Always!!!
If I can be even half as amazing as this lady, I will be happy
such a cool guy i can proudly say that i stan and in love with a guy like you
Thank you so much
loveeee you
yohhh we were never ready
thank u so much so so sweet ur amazing too (now back to the memes)
An interesting take on depression
Hung out with my parents tonight
Thank you !
Awww. You're sweetest Rose
Ji Chen be mineeee
Thank you so much
Derby day, forza Milan
Cr. logo
thank you
I will never forget That day when I was in his arms
French wine
+
French music
=
Lovely French weekend
And mine
best song ever
my bigass fucking hearts belongs to you.
Done I commented! I think she will be 8.1 (i also said that under the video xx) ily
Yes lovely
Thankful for the break from med school + birthday salubong & birthday morning with you guys!
Thank u din for
Join the Zero Fan Group now and turn your wait into fun, along with all the fellow SRKians!
Deus Meu Guia
although a Galvez but not bad pod if naa shay story hehe
this kid is ready to dance his heart out at
We know Hess
Heart racing, goosebumps, anxiousness, happiness and everything tingling.. this damn effect you have on me
Tu gato
Just put out a new track share the love
My baby is back
,,,
POLAND
ahhh thank you a lot Joa
I reposted it BUT STILL. MINJOON FOR LIFE
Such a nice place to bond with nice FRIENDS.
Calapan
Number 1 trending guys! Wish I was there Have fun guys!
'Oh for the Wings of a Dove' always goes straight to the heart ! All KCS voices now preparing to
ashton irwin see u get everything u ever dreamed makes me the happiest boy in the world, ur smile is my most precious jewel
It was amazing, loved it
Have great connections for this great idea and young people
I made my mom watch the video with me... and she just started balling her eyes out she made me cry too. Omllll
Like if you fuck with redheads If you fuck with Maud suicidegirls
why don't you just meet me in the middle? I'm losing my mind just a little
Li&Chen
Meu presentinho
Always and Forever my heart is happy today
Love this jumper
We shall never forget
Vibrating higher
Lead from the heart, not the head - Princess Diana
Wow Bri you sure know how to make me cry I love you so much thank you for everything beyond grateful for you
This Nigga is so inspirational gotta love em
Thank you so much Soleta!
I just watched your part two vid. And I'm so proud of you!
Happy Birthday I hope you have an amazing day
ashton irwin from 5sos, thank you for being my inspirations & for always putting a smile on my face
is my therapist
That you do!!
Simply stylish
Thanks for the staff who worked hard to record this, you really did a great job :)) Munik too, you did it so well
Morning, another beautiful pic
Lmfaoooooo
Stay safe tho
Verification mark Profile photo Regular scientific tweets Huh.! so happy that you are back on track Sushant. Hugs.
Being selfish feels amazing
Super proud to be in it
Thanks...we all should do our best for our parents at least when they are alive
Very excited about this!
No show is complete without this.!!!
The official account for the New Spider-Man movie just started following me on instagram. Oof my heart
The violent feeling of irritation through the cookie
PTV HOME
What a long but good ass day
Who knows your words might be full of dengki, fitnah & aib? Enemies or friends, keep your gossips to yourself
Boracay bound!
Thank you Matt
IT WAS THE FOOT! FUCKIN KILLED THAT BITCH!!!! very good
Way to go India
Nevermind no haters
congrats
Thank you so much
I miss trace
I'll be legal 1 week from now YEY!
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH
Thanks crozet! :)
THANK YOU soooo much
i wish you would follow me
Our Champions At Oval Cricket Ground
Only one of them is
one of the sisters
Thank you
Thanks for this Alana. seen this before.
GLAM MINT officially covering The Shimmer .
.
.
Welcoming Ms. Preeti Vohra as a SHOWSTOPPER .
.
.
Abar dekha hobe toh ?
Tomorrow is too late ; LIVE TODAY
Dugga !!! Dugga !!!
Stayed home today and watched the snowfall. It's always so pretty this time of year
always be here to support you and help you out
happy birthday to this wonderful woman, have a great day!! i love you
Omggg..I'm cryingg This vm is soo beautiful meri bestieee well done ma girl
Pantaloons
Oooouuu
almost birthday
"And once again, in headline news, Trump's an asshole..." You rock for doing that.
/ |
/ /
/
/_/
No more tears, don't waste another day
.@SchittsCreek season 4 is on Netflix.
all love buddy
Mah Luv
my tweet for a honest tbh
Anything for you
Play a realer game gamer
JUSTICE FOR LOYALTY
My future boy
12 months today.. what a journey
he makes my heart go
garlic bread
14/19 10-20-18
love y'all my wakanda fam
special thanks to my kuyaaaa sa paswimming
Are you ?
If not, want to do something about it?
can help
You need to keep Alfonso, 100%. the breathe of fresh air that the show needs ...... had his time.
am
too cute to be true
pretty face and ootd mo
Respect
Ya tengo fotito con el y pues big respect for him, such a nice guy
a follow from you would make my day you can't even imagine
out wt besty
ENKYU, ANISSSSS!!! GOD BLESS!!!
Happy Sunday Lovelies As is my usual, off to paint my little line of eager faces. Will pop
Uy. Tara!!! Miss you both!
Please help me and give me rt
Thank you for chance
2k rts
bhai first time tera tweet sensible laga
I LOVE YOU
How I wish I can dye my hair like Dahyun Our tofu is so yepeu~
Und dieses hier finde ich auch thanks
felix looking cute today i love my son sm.
Another cracker
Some girls are just heartless...
Good morning guys, happy Sunday
Good Noon Boom Boom
my guy, that means lot coming from you
Call to serve with selfless love
AaaaaAaa i'm excited to hear mass
I adore you more... Oh, and I love you too. So, so much.
such a fave
GOOD LUCK for the run today! Love you and see you down there
Love Amor
So are you
Congratulations
AAAAAA
Look at the telephones
Imma just masturbate then call it a night
Me tooo
Quotes from experiences
bye jisung
oh hello my
Te amo pra sempre
mis mejores amigos por siempre
Ayehhhh thank you Meghaa
I just want you to see this one too. Gaana
Hourly Jonathan
thank
uGHH RIGHT !!!! That confession part makes me so uwu !! Cant believe it actually hahaha them in the crowd
Such a beautiful pose I'd love to give your gorgeous hole a good kiss and suck!!!
Download the Zap Surveys app right now for a guaranteed minimum of $6.00 on your first survey!
only just seen this! Who did that piece?
you're one of the best,
PTV HOME
Sir we are very much Happy because of Sarkar songs movie if your composing to kindly make him to sing Sir plz
Hmmmmm how do I DM you? Assuming you welcome them
Happy Birthday to this amazing lady !
hope you're having a good one with the fam you deserve everything ! love
I do love MBS and I will fight the world for him. He is the right leader and the one that I think
DHA Phase 2 NA247 Karachi
Oh god He's cute tho
Thanks and you
please follow back beautiful
GOTA LOVE JOSE ON THE LINE YESTERDAY , PASSION FOR ARE CLUB M.U.F.C UTD TILL I DIE
~~follow for more content~~
Love
INITIAL HOPE - LOVE - DOPE :
An adaptation of Robert Indiana's (American artist; born Robert Clark; September
Congrats on the P3 win NSX GT3 first GT300 podium
Bon dimanche
Happy birthday to one of my brothers, love you Z miss you a lot bro keep ballin baby see you soon
stay strong boys you will all be okay
5 backwards.. I smell Drake lurking oh what you say TYriri
thanks, love you too g
TEASER OUT
Beautiful Video you just nailed ittttt
We shall never forget
baka naman :<
fall in love with you every single
Wonderful!
ERES HERMOSA LO MEJOR DE ESTE MUNDO
Peesha is
thank you & sa time
He is indeed! Thank you!
I caught her trying to be slick taking pictures of me
Thank uu
I love you too
Good morning hope u have a great day.
I love getting woken up to a messsge saying taking you to the way to my heart
"A woman's place is in the resistance"
Happy birthday General
Graceful Movement!
Snapchat - BlushSnaps
I love me some me funny how I made songs years ago in the past that fits The future characters these days...you
Awe russ, Me You
Smash N Drop again
Gathered to honor His name
Thank you Jules, these are perfect words to us
Market Cap: $210,339,359,227
BTC Dominance: 53.57%
BTC: $6503.1666937
ETH: 0.0319548 BTC
XRP:
Turn my notifications
FOLLOW everyone who RETWEETS + this
A Star Is Born Music Video - Shallow (2018) | Movieclips Coming Soon This song
Forever and a day
Nadia I just came back from a party and a little drunk but I am still thriving. I love you
Avec Sa force un jour arrivera in cha a Llah
Such a angel this guy You have to come back soon...
Proud of namjoon
The jack gilinsky is so wonderful , I hope some day embrace it and see your beautiful smile , I love him
Wow wow My Sunday couldn't get any better This kinda Weather with Baby
to this "Argyle Sox (Hellfyre 5ever)" by Milo, Busdriver that I just added to my
Homecoming only comes once a year
Tum Jeeto Ya Haaro Hum Tumare Sath Hain
Many thanks my sweetheart love you too
Since Day 1
Aww thx Andria
Video wife Vs Husband Follow biggboss12fc for more updates
dammit this my frieeeend
GLAM MINT officially covering The Shimmer .
.
.
Welcoming Mr. RAJAN WASSON
.
.
Model For Fashion Walk
.
I feel so lucky for the mates I have
See you on PUP Maragondon ISKOBERFEST NAAAAAAA ! Yey !
From playing Hoots just last month to the bright lights of Hollywood (or maybe New York, I think where
aww miss uu love u!!!!
Por siempre mi amor
If you ever show someone then you deserve it back
i hope you have a lovely day, i love you a lot
Du bist alles was ich bin und alles was durch meine Adern
I LOVE PMMS
N O C L E A R A N C E ! ! !
I Street art
A big mushy pea pieee
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MY SEXY BEAST!!!!!! Do.... I.... do.... that.... throwback, again?
Happy birthday baby!! Have an amazing day
IFB with
Follow me
I am so lucky to have Ris in my life
Thank you
Ily2
Love this!
you'll meet him, i know it
IFB with
Follow me
She is the beam of starlight ..so fresh, pure, magical & divinely beautiful inside & out
Listen to T.I-Rihanna - Live Your Life ( by ameliaHannah on
Thank you JoshLias
Sugarol by Maris Racal
thanks ! i hate it
sending blessings to you too
forever grateful for my co workers. they are the best
JOyEUX ANNIVE MA POULE PROFITE PTIT SAC A MERDE JSPR QU'IL TE RESTE PAS LONGTEMPS A VIVRE
A once in a lifetime experience
is now live
Missed you too
Thanks to my homies for making a girl feel special
Intentional people are attractive
happy birthday love
U too.
May dagdag sa collection ni Paps.
daddy__bae | IGS
My lil cousin Aubrey is so beautiful
to the people who have been part of my life, thank you for being a gift
Today we remember the 116 children & 28 adults that lost their lives, and the hard work of the emergency
hi bch!
bagay po kaho db bagay sila
I love my boyfriend.
You are a gem is so lucky to have you
I love the Mr. & Mrs. Cruz
see what you achieved!
Routing for in this years ..& he sang one of my fav songs yes they announced the WRONG
Im so glad hearing my son knows how 2 say sorry everytime he commits mistake
Early morning view, watching the sunrise with the loml
Birthday/Christmas gift for myself
Ubos budget Buti may HS friend na nasa AU para mas mura
I tell ya 30 is the new 21 still looking flawless Happy birthday once again
happy birthday bruddah. Have a good one G, Miss u X
Called to serve with selfless love.
AaaAaaaAa i'm excited to hear mass
I love you. eternally grateful for you
:
:
Have fun today see you all soon
Even when I am high, you are still the apple of my eye I love you
please!
When u wanted to sleep but u choose him over sleep, lucky!!
happy bday pretty mama
Awww baby i fucking love you
So beautiful! I love them so much.
Lala your performance in APL!
feedback for my soul. fuzz distort gain
I had a dream I moved to Australia, and now all I want to do is pack up everything and have a new beginning. Maybe in a few years
Nice to meet you :) thank you so much for coming out
Beautiful
Happy birthday Reiko-chan! Enjoy your day, a warm hug from your Basque fan.
Happiest 18th birthday to my friend you are such a great blessing sa yangs jud! And kaybaw naman ka
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Merritt!
uuugh i love you twitter
Time limited offer! Countdown Deal. Split (Split Series Book 1) Renata via
Rj with Namjin Rap Jin
Bien y tu rey?
Lofyutu ambaby
Happy birthday to one of the best mother in this world
Ta gwapo gwapo laki si papa uho i love you ser! Bituon Beach Resort Corporation
Give yourself a break, take a rest for a while and just then you will be able to run faster. Make yourself happy to recharge.
Patti Smith sobre Louisa May Alcott y su Jo March
Have a nice day, you deserve it
THANK YOU
sunday's best Chillin with beshets
Have a great weekend! From our cafe you may find vegan Runebergintorttu-cinnamon buns this weekend (cinnamon
[Pls RT] Giveaway for EXO-Ls and Kaisoo fans
No need to follow me (up to you~)
Just
bagay po kayo db bagay sila
Malibu nights concert please :(
You lucky lady. I'll keep my fingers crossed , and you keep your Harry Radar in overdrive !! Good luck .
Have fun today beaut! wait to hear all about it later
Just got home from watching and still crying. you are an amazing soul
I want to hug you, tight that you can't escape from it. I missed you daddy!
+ =
&
Concentrate on Christmas coming and cosy family scenes - all that matters
Guys help her to reach 10k please
Family
My EchoTin
COMFORT~When you pray for solutions find comfort in the problem already solved it before you asked
This is how I say "I you" in
This unconditional love for our needs to reach him! Bless this fan
Happy Fiesta Nuestra del Rosario!
MISS YOU CCCM~! SEE YOU SOON.
We need you here in Europe. US have had you....Australia have had sure turn now we all just want you
In similar words you love us all WE THE CPF LOVE YOU SO MUCH, no matter what happens we will
ok just trust your instincts and listen to your heart
Happy 20th birthday I thought of giving you the cutest gift in the world. But then I realized that is not
just a little appreciation post for some of my fav loves
Great dance, you got my vote
Tan lines are little roads to happy places (23 Photos)
Aww miss Roman!! Love you Max!
Good on you for what you take on
(sounds like you're normal)
Pentagon album Thank you
GOOD MORNING MY SWEET AND HAVE A WONDERFUL DAY
i had so much fun tonight omg!
.
.
Guten Morgen
Kwanza uliona how we made eye contact? I want to run away with him.
I loved it
- Damn This Man !
Bulleh Shah's Work, Always Leaves Me Speechless.
This surely, Drives you to some other
privileged art donated by local artist Ernie Lee
We view to Berryhead from A village
Miss you in Melbourne
Supeeer yummy corn with lots of cheeze
Playing with emoji:
Valentine
This year you're mine xwolfy_!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Hubs came home last night and planted a kiss on my cheek and said he feels lucky to see me & the kids sleeping peacefully!!! Hubs:1 Me:0
THIS
ILYSB
A pure & clean heart
You know what's great about Trump? Everything!
Omg have you watched it yet! Make sure you catch up ! I ken
I love her so much.
Bang Me tonight
amateure princess free blowjobs milfhunter naked sluts tit
Yay!!! Your clothing line deserves the best!
These are the photos of the 2012 concert, I was there too, not far from the stage.
Order of the White Lotus
Ya allah this is such a heartwarming video
Cagayan State University-SANCHEZ MIRA CAMPUS
All New 4.8 LEDWALL is in the WAREHOUSE Now...!
Done preparing my things for our Bataan trip with officemates and cleaning my room
Time to rest my pasok pa later
Stunning, such intricate colours
Thank you babes
shoutout to God for gettin us home safely
Good morning too my sweet
Exactly what I needed this morning. Thank you for this and for always being a bright light in
never forget the moment I realized that I loved
Promotion time kb ayega !!!
Today turned out to be a lot better than I thought.
I was a happy-lazy vs. depressed-lazy.
Anybody who's got
Awesome collab!
I wait to see my mom tomorrow
This is such beautiful writing, in such utterly tragic circumstances. It is what love looks like
she so strong
bagay po kayo db bagay sila
Happiestt
this is why I fuck with you
Thank you guyst!!! team effort talaga.
Sugarol by Maris Racal
Bollywood megastar pays off loans of 850 India farmers
Thank you love
Good morning beautiful
in my happy place
Thanks love. Test results in tomorrow, will go from there.
Excited to see my uni girls tonight
Happy Birthday Love and miss you Hope treating you well :)
Yes
Dipika Di is multi talented queen...and we support this sweet women
Mark Darcy
can be ANYTHING you want to A little Sunday inspiration for you Except from my interview
KIM TAE-HYUNG
10.21
.
.
Happy birthday, bro
Sorry for you loss, but what a beautiful way to spend the day.
Hello, welcome back
Happy bunnies Starboy and Angel
:3
Son 5
Home is where the heart belongs
I love the drooling smiley that was so me yesterday too haha
U so sweet girl
Dont ur king out here.
And will lobe yoi harder. Be patient!
I probably have a hundred of these in my room now, been buying from this cute girl in Maginhawa since May. This
thank you jisil!! loveyoutoo
thanks, beaut
~
You all so glowing
welcome youssef
Miss her
That's lovely
You nutter
Peacock is pouting. That's rare.
BTW I MISS
Can't wait to watch A New Hope with a live Orchestra next month
What a morning
Eum . . !
I You!
Great day of grinding. Goodnight
And you're so close too
Do not
Ni bs ab papa a gye h unke pas bethne lgi
Poste!
my ...go to war about my sister
I love you
just be proud to be you
Have a good night Jill
Dodgers to the World Series, a night with the girls, and I felt this carefree in a bit. It was nice and I definitely needed it
Happy birthday to the Queen
Guys follow her
It's his bday
Paris
C'est parti pour regarder les 3 High School Musical
Not a Purdue fan but they stepped up in a big way tonight. Love seeing teams honor classmates
Really missed them dinner with these two last night! Next time again!!
Sayang
Credits to: Kaye Lumanao
Amazing!! He's very nice
ALL MY VIDEOS ARE SO SHAKKY. I HAD SUCH AN AMAZING TIME I hope I get to meet you soon
how many times can we bring back this video thank you! love you lots and wait to see you soon
Omg. My heart
happy birthday carrie
Tripped me out for a second
I love it!
A stunning piece of Art and the most beautiful feet in the world
Good morning
miss u two always pray & always be happy.
thank you
syunsoie9
Hey! Check out - a new site if you
One of my favorite albums
AVAIL YA BEB INCLUDE ROOM
OPEN BO
081770446069
BANDUNG
ST&LT
INCLUDE/EXCLIDE ROOM
Ly
- One Best Dialogue From The Film |
A & Magic
A strong suggestion to as how there is a choice / to encourage a twitter message by liking this,
Morning
I give love
Tainted with joy
With all in my heart
Always to you
Day 2, from Amsterdam with love
Esdee
Philippines
Option B
Size S
I'm not usually lucky with giveaways but it's worth a shot. Thanks for doing this too
Erwaaaaan
Happy Birthday Samgyup ulit please huhu miss you and love you
THIS BOY HAS MY HEART PLEASE HE IS JUST SO CUTE
Not at all khani this with this shows deeper love jana
Happy 20th Birthday to the best guy I know RIP your teenage years, now officially a
Catching up with OMG you are amazing you had a from me
Morning
princemeedo, Thanks for the follow and please feel free to RT and our pictures.
My brother
Everyone was talking shit about us and noe we playing the game
I want to sit like this with my Soulmate in Front of Holy KAABA and the day will come soon IA
Mujra party Before nikah
only have my kids to laugh at my silliness. That'd be ok too though. They're my most supportive fans.
My favourite songs by Stray Kids
huwoooow congrats aprille
CentralPlaza Nakhon Si Thammarat
Taraaay. Walang maitim at maputi. Fair skin color.
I'm an organ donor. Please sign up to be one too
thank you ur the sweetest
Graduation day
IG P'Jane
Ayyy! Teka, paswerve ng 10 seconds
okie
lives. catalyst *Guruji of who act thousands the RT you C Thank told me called that Someone stench advice. was
Hooray!! So glad you made it.
God bless all my followers
Takeoff from Migos Best Verses 2017!!!!! via
Please come visit
Thanks
Thank you sa pagfollow,
More followers to come!
we need you in Czechia
Good morning who knows? You may be right
go to Hesy today again to pet the cats and help my friend to find their possible cat for life thrilled! ;w;
I hope but I'll be on his concert and will hear his voice... it's too much for
Snap, it was my pick too for this category
He was born to standout
gartoonpraliz
We space selfies. Safe travels dear to Mercury!
For I know the plans I have for you, plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future. -Jeremiah 29:11
Thanks Yeah a bit of weekend . Working both days but I dont mind
He makes my day
Namit kaya ang durian... ice creams madam
very true
Love
She's all good mate thanks for asking ! Hope your keeping well
4) only one
So many things to do, so many places to go to, so many blessings to be grateful for.
i waking up to harry pics the day i have an audition
Sorry to hear Winter Thoughts are with you
Rest well ~
And the celebration continues...
Happy birthday James and Niko
and RT
This time 6 years ago, my heart was broken into a million pieces I love and miss you Dad, always
Thank you!
Beautiful autumn
Sheikh Saab Shadi Mubarak
Mi danes favorito
Beautiful
thank u, HUMSS 114!!
bring the 3 points home girls.. this ones for you mum
You absolute sweetheart love ya
Taking myself on a date.
Very Happy for you mumsh
Some things don't change
It was amazing!!
more kain & galas wth my two itlogs
I love you
A photocard of this Minho
OOOH
Always rooting for my boys
yie pede na wow reax niya
This pleeeeease again
Imissyou already oinky
nothing crazy, just a little bit of empty nest syndrome I guess! No worries
I love you
So happy and proud of them
Thank you I just think sharing a little positivity and happiness makes a huge difference in life.
Awsem
This is my amazing boy. If you can, please take the time to click the link and give him a Thank you!
HOW IS YOUR DAY GOING?
Fucking blessed ah sia
I love that you are an actual human being Eye!
I love him
Thank you I really appreciate it
Thank you sa pa throwback
best sweetest day ever
Relationships isnt just about Sex True love means having to do this
Thank you for always translating, Ahin. it means a lot to us, international merries. Enjoy the rest of your day. Saranghae.
LEZGOP FIGHTING AHOO SHET
My sweetheart
I like curvy grls
Thank you for the support!
Ohh this line
Love at first sight, blessing in disguise
God bless you too darling
I would like to know if you are touring Scotland when and where?
Foto please
I met so many internet friends in real life today!
Best supported maknae
a fast food restaurant you leave tip, but you can send me money on Apple Pay appreciate it
Sorry baby
Last 7 days went totally phenomenal for me. Can say one of the bestest days I have ever witnessed!!
Natalia -El Patio-
U r a smart person and a wonderful human being
Def black!!!
Wishing for all of you to experience this
Think Positive Life is too short
Uy! Sincere yan hahah love you
Thank you and let u know
A long conversation with the fam is the best
Streets of Penzance
What is this!
"Do Hanuman Ki Prem Katha"
thank you babe i love uuuu
I love being Colombian. I love being brown.
I hope you will find someone who chooses you. Same, sis. But unlikely. Just gotta choose my damn self
Jonny have a good day ^^
Long live my princess
Siponyo and Ilong Ranger in the house.
Thank you
It starts with yourself
meant to be
Thank you, i love you so much
Thank you my love! I miss and love you See you soon
i never anything but take my comment as a like
New pics of Dakota, Shia and Zach at the Event in Denver
Motivation courtesy of Clara Oswald this morning!
Words to your mother pokpok wait sino ba si mother pokpok? hahahahahaha
I feel naughty today!!!
FELIZ DIA VIEJITA HERMOSAGRACIAS A DIOS TE DIFRUTO
I had an amazing night with family and ended it my bffs
A huge thank you to for featuring us in their article breaking down the Industry
Ashley is the most beautiful girl never seen
NUMBER ONEEEE FOR THE THIRD TIME IN A ROW
done it again
Yes!!! Yes!!! top class actor and a top class TV series..perfecto very excited
Miss u TY
happy birthday, miss z
Lala see my pin'tweet
Match day All the best Khosi We behind you, do it for the Chairman's Birthday do it
I hope you choke
the correct use of 'I were' instead of 'I was'! Be still my beating heart!
Esas me gustan jaja
Using Venus 2 & Venus XL and Liquid Lipstick Cashmere
Love at first sight, blessing in disguise
Please stay hydrated and take care of yourself always
This video was so cute! I love your guys' animation style a lot
Happy bday !! Have a good one
The more you The more it
God please continue to bless the LOML
Oh my best cheeky lace awesome perfect sexy ass. Amazing love gorgeous I like it I love it
LA BWIPE MON GAAAAAAARS
The show tonight was very awesome
I love you.
I hope I see you again.
In Gothenburg trams and buses have their own dedicated lanes. There are so many of them on the streets that
Thanks a lot
and you and amazing mom
wait for that first letter miss my brotha
Valentine
This year you're mine SAM_AFN!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Miss you so much
Done another set of 'all products available' here xDDDD they are tooo cute!!! I ordered 2 of
Ily anneth imyyyy
may exams ako bukas pero
Ahaha, na small boy ooo. Thanks a lot. God bless you
I love and miss you
My Leo moon needed this
10.21
.
.
Absolutely beautiful
Ce type de Flow
No man is an island. You need me as much as I need you.
Good morning. Great day.
THE DAY!
everything you need to know about the
Grab your tissues, seriously, you will need more than just one.
a love so beautiful squad. their friendship is so
TU REVOIS DYLAN AUJOURD'HUI LAURE!! PROFITES AUTANT QUE TU PEUX ET SURTOUT N'OUBLIES PAS QU'ILS T'AIMENT TOUS FORT
THE DAY!
everything you need to know about the
181021
Goodluck marsss miss u
he will always be there, looking out for you. he still loves the heck out of you and he
Thanks for translating Queen enjoy your day Luv u
matter if we see a weak and strong Aye :( we you
a matter of YOU now.
Even my imagination
have made you better
i love sundays
Princess!!! May Allah grant you the best in life in this big day of yours!!!
Welcome to my account babes The struggle of having too many female favs is real!
hmmm cuteee af !
Happy Birthday Sweetie Richa
Have a wonderful day ahead!
Wish you all the success and love
I love and miss you
Best 36 hours in a very long time all because of
and today on the coach there wait
700 days of his favourite face - welcome
I shed a few tears, not gonna lie
Great
First run went well
Happy birthday to me!
tour bub??
We've had Selena here most of a week, hope we can get you to stay over sometime too!
Good morning! Here's a message for all my twitter art fwends! ^_^ and for myself ofc
Only if he agrees to call me uBra-Zenzen
7. My fav movie is The Greatest Showman
bebes los amo
Notifications
Philippians 1:3 --
Took mambas advice miss u JC
Tgeres something nice about that 1 long ass hair on your nuts. It's reassuring somehow
Faysal Qureshi The Real King
S O R R Y------------ A LOVE STORY - 2019
Ya ALLAH
EXCITED
WAITING FOR
NILANDE. HAHAHAHAHAHAHA JOK.
LABYU
sneaking into vip & literally being five feet away from is definitely a monumental moment in my life
Fuck he's hot
happy sunday, sweetie. i hope having a nice day
Family is
Love you
live tweet thread! will update as frequently as possible with member ment trans etc
Familia
Buen Domingo
A very Happy 42nd Birthday to the man himself, the one and only Andrew Scott . It has been another
So happy
Pacthesis Amy Devian art...I her games since I was 14 or 15, the games are really cute
que cela vous aura plu
Thanks love
Awful Chrunchy your safe now sweet girl Thankyou for taking her in and caring
My 1st time in Madrid, I regret couldn't make my selfie with you Love you
8ste speeldag
City Pirates
Jos Van Wellenstadion
15.00
Rajdeep showing-off his one and only, Barkha!
Alternative healing methods I love you you and me same WhatsApp group
I love starting my day with her texts
Bebito hermoso
I love his new Song.... The Song is awesome....
Happy Sunday angels.
Hope you have an amazing day! And if not, hang in there. Only 2 more days til we get to see part 2
Love you!
LOVE YOURSELF
off to see me sister and her family in liverpool
This is terrifying , poor woman
ooh
Good night Twitter.
Let me leave you with this: Rie Kugamiya is an angel.
Hehe
for all the good memories And best of luck to whatever you will do next in life.
Thank you for existing..
Omggg the cutest !!!! I really hope you get it for him if not babe you try carousel . People are
I need God in every
single moment of my life
Awwwn....thanks beautiful
BEST CAMS ANGRYGILX
FOLLOW
I work with fucking amazing bitches
Will do! Enjoy Shanghai! Sending love from JPN.
We need to see your goal against juvi
Che infame
It would have been better had you been in it, my gorgeous Ashley!
Made it out alive b safe
Awwww really?! like such a huge, awesome acc i never thought notice me haha
I so her ankle boots
4/20/18 3 mins late though.
Went to with my rosebong. Glad that i can at least visit the gallery Thank you for
Here's a little throwback
2015:Seulgi 71
2016:Seulgi 29 Irene 71
2017:Seulgi 23 Irene 55
2017:Seulgi 34 Irene 13 Joy 79
Ong Slogan from Neverland (Boyeo ver)
Buongiorno, anche oggi amo Harry Styles
Vivian dsena
I love you so much and i'm here for you always
Berty
Good morning
See you tonight
JMJ Today show
Te amo
181021
ok Queen i know who he is either...
Breakfast alfresco at Center Parcs... French for Centre Parks... in the of Robin Hood land
* Man on fire
I watching give good face during the judges houses
Thankyou chicken. be fine
Oh my god Lea, your nuances. I JUST LOVE EVERYTHING ABOUT YOU.
it was so beautiful I loved watching it so much
thank you
Happy birthday
RT to still one of my favorite color studies
Today was so fun and if you know you know Lmfaooooo my friends are the best all I got to say
Killin it
Via IG Story
Yea!. I know, She's beautiful.
9 months
Received mine! Been waiting for this for so long finallyyyyy
Crying
my poor Brooke!
42 days
thank you so much
lmaoooooo i love youuuu, missed you and my reggae party is next and lit !
Can you spread some more sweet details?
through thick and thin
Thank You po Ate
Love you
hand it over and i
Hope you are smiling right now.
Have I voted for Anthony 5 times.. Yes I have
Huugs
Nothing is cuter than a girl with dimples (33 Photos)
Cant wait!!
Good morning. Have a nice day guys
thank you really appreciate it
I will dm 5 of the first 25 rts with a account
Efraim will always and forever be my pepot
Thoroughly inspiring, sharing how calling 999 & starting is vital &
at the fact that you recognized me made my night
Thanks sweet heart I really don't know what to say but u really made my day
:((
Always looking forward to weekends. We get to spend more time with Daddy.
From football to bowling. What a Saturday for the books.
Awww you called him Gabe
done, pls give to acc in bio
Beautiful just beautiful what God made I miss here some
More life
Omggg congratulations i am crying now this is so beautiful
We did literally bump into you too!! Good to see you looking so well
Hehe he is an adorable doggo! Thanks
My best study food
and you always make my day with yr voice and song
I love nothing more than eating a used sloppy cum filled messy stretched swollen
We date if flying me out, giving me your bank card & spoiling me with gifts your love language babe
HAPPY SHINY STEEL DILDO DAY
im back with a grade of 1. Thank you for keeping me motivated
Happy lang
Presscon with our Bacolod and Manila Media Press. Thank you guys!
Cain At Abel malapit na
my soul
Thankful for this man. Always taking care of the other members
" Is this man gorgeous or what "
Goal completed thank you
STAY SAFE, LOVE U
watch question time to see that.
Waiting for you guys~~~
Thank you and hope we can see you soon in Paris again
Every time muchat ko ni crush ba, di jud mawala ang internal sparks. Shetttt.
I LOVE YOU NAMJOON
Unfollowed a total of 443 people today. More unfollowed tomorrow. Only keeping the real ones followed
To God Be the Glory!! Thank you!!
For sure
Good Morning My pretty doctor
Inspiring people
You are so correct and I shall try my best
U jus spoke for an entire generation of film lovers
found ur twin
Jessie take this sweetheart to prom. She deserves it
Thanks bro
oui
Wowww.. well happy for Chase
UDD was at Town today for a free performance and I thought of you (and how probably cry).
YASSS It's time for a great show
*hug*
DROP A COMMENT ! Tune in on Tuesday for the latest gossip and interesting topics
my mini paulo
belated happy bday b thank u sa all imyyyyy pp!! hang soon :((((( iloveyou mwa
Hello Ashton... Imma cry because i don't live in England and i can't be on your concert, have a good life
If you have a heartbeat, still time for your dreams Happy Sunday
I'm so sorry for your loss Tara strong sending lots of love. x x
18y/o ebony brat elite teen
"EH WALA KULIT NILA EH
[kali's ig story
You kiss me so sweetly, taste just like Hershey's
thank you
happy 18th birthday to my best friend , my niece , my sister , my everything . I love you so much
lol I'm
Uhhhh you know always number 1 in my heart and will be with me forever
Good morning dear Friends Good morning everyone
Happy Sunday Beautiful, family weekend Love Great
A million DREAMS
Thanks bro
Such an incredible time with Kell, too much to see and do in one trip!! Paris Las Vegas
I love my school
I know why still awake but glad I am cuz I saw this posted just a short while ago Now I can fall
done, pls give to acc in bio
JIIIIR KEREEEN
Kiss and Make Up by Dua Lipa
Next month
Camera but you look great epithet way queen
happy birthday love
Nacar's batchoy is the perfect 'pampainit' on a rainy Sunday afternoon.
HAY. I LOVE MLANG.
How could a picture hold so much beauty? - Struggle on the Nile (1959)
Hind Rostom, Omar Sharif, Rushdy
I fucking love Cali so much
I love you so much an amazing actor and ugh just so prefect
I'm so happy
adorable!. Thank you so much for yesterday Anna! It was so amazing to see you again
You are a winner and Louis Is a sweerheart and I know that he is so proud of you
Thank you sa LS
They definitely deserve another film.
aAhhHh cutieee
Kem Game Sell The Candy Cream ChiChi ToysReview TV ...
Saviouuuurrrrrrrrrrr!
The girl you saved has come to worship you.
Jesusssssssssss!
The girl you love has come to worship you
The
Happy Game Day!
Congratulations
always been ..
Well done guys!! You done amazing the dance was beautifulI was sat at home in tears
Can't wait last time I bought tickets for my daughter .... I am coming to see you this time
I so do wish understand
Happy Birthday Beautiful More Life
So blessed
my kind of date
RT kyumloops: his shy smile
Aww! These two! My new obsession!
Last sukan massa in FPL What i can conclude: Have fun, win or lose Tahniah to alls sebab kasi banyak2 team
flicker
~ RT to vote
Up for auction Nov. 10th
so happy and lucky that i got him on my first album
Young CoEd Cums in Handy
I love this biscuits since 1831
trending with - Twitter & history
It makes me so happy when I get messages like this
you can always come to me
ELINA ELLA ELLA ELINA
GAZANA GAZA GAZA GAZANA
This Article was published in today's Newspaper SohailJaved and Faysalqureshi film
A Love Story
lockscreen
good luck capt!
=( '-'
Godbless your trip, Nanay!
Welcome back! I hope you have a good day Can't wait to see you at Sheffield!
rj living his life to the fullest!
Happy birthday ! Have a nice day
Love u
amazing experience at Camp Nou last night! Get well soon Messi
Bricc af
Bts members have such distinctive roles in the groups dynamics. They really are a little bangtan family
Morning Jean have a lovely Sunday
Oh no, missed the book signing .
Fab show in Newcastle
choose you. Every goddammit
Thanks you Enzo!
Thanks so much to the Indian community for inviting us again!!!
Thanks for following
Happy Birthday
Janam Din Mubarak
Stay Happy And Blessed
Its Your Day :) God Gives You a More
Enjoy guyssss! Absent
Happy Birthday Sweet Caitlin Sending love and cuddles to your big sis xx
Bet you could
Grab Noir as we explore beauty on darkness
Introducing our embroidery in black perfect
I Black Women.
Thank You and a happy Sunday to you to
Good morning Sunday morning, the very best moment of the week eh
La Roux
Please Subscribe to the Channel :
--- More Information & App Download ---
Island home !
the best
Love you
slayer leecher
Nice pussy cleavage
Please Subscribe to the Channel :
--- More Information & App Download ---
This song. Them. The feels.
G.O.O.S.E.B.U.M.P.S
YOURE SO PRECIOUS AHIN!! WO AI NI!
It's too cute I didn't know you were also a painter! Such a. multi-talented man. I love it
I get way too excited about going home to my sweet baby boo-berry muffin kitten oh and too I guess
Happy Bday Brother
Love you
Goal completed thank you
Allah has perfect plan for everything! So mag move on ta ato na exam.
Lechee Ang gwapo thank you for sharing bb.
KHMER TIK TOK | BEST...
Me too three four
New boy Tiny
Rescued from the streets in China
He has no nose bless him , but what an adorable boy he is
tbm kkkk
BTS IN PARIS !!
Thank you so much for this concert, it was so amazing !
Merci
Hope everyone that goes to today has an amazing time!! {@ella1000xxx,
THANK YOU
I. . This. How do you hate happy???
Thank you my love Xxx
My favorite brother and sister
Pls if you like my
This is why I can't root for the Lakers. I ya but your teammates are all a bunch of fucking
I am cocooned in your love my Lord and God Jesus
your cute has attracted me
ALWAYS LOVE
I'm smiling coz I'm all moved in to my new incall- I am now in eastern CBD in a fab new location! I love it here!
You are guys are lucky like we will make London red, you my big fan love you much
I was moved to tears watching the flag carrying ceremony - please send her my love and best wishes
Sare Duniya Ko Be Sabri Se Intezaar Hai Sabko ... Hamare arrived just after 2 months ..
He a pro hehe
Blessing
Having that one person in your life who listens to all your shit at 1pm as well as 1am...
Best fans in the world
Thanks for sticking with us, we'll keep working hard to ensure the good results
Right! Thanks for Reminding.
you are my crush love
Hope or whoever this is about is ok
! ! ! ~~ IU~
Totally forgot to mention we hit another goal yesterday over on
We are absolutely smashing it,
I lost $80 on the beach :( someone PayPal or venmo I'm on vacay much needed
Aww Billy, always love you no matter what, but this has made my Sunday
If only you were a Phillies fan
Super beau
Thank you
Love this!
With you I can be the way I am and I'm allowed to be my self.
very talented she That is a beautiful T-shirt you are amazing
Love is a meeting of two souls, fully accepting the dark and the light within each other, bound
Aunty is absolutely right he has and so genuine
definitely a night to remember!!! I hope to see you again soon I love you so much
My parents are the best!! Fr fr
[Official] 181021 Twitter
Aww I'm sorry Anna...you are a great person and your aunt is just an old cunt!
Hopefully Keith will be spoiled
(And we as well with a lot of flirting )
You guys really deserve it! congrats, and big support from Poland
Hi doyoung
Obg cria tmj !!
Already voted for you Good luck
u can send it to me
Thank you for having us,
Amouur
Happy 40th Anniversary, I will forever be your fan! (sorry sa natakpan ko including myself! haha)
thankyou my angel !!!
Thank you for voting for Cynthia darling . God bless you . I love you already .
Let me go back and vote
Ariah is savage she wanna keep it real but so cute though
Just absolutely beautiful words
Take care man ! Much love and God Bless!
thank you so much
Cute dog.exe needs to be updated
Pray for Edie Thinking of all the family. Little Edie from Tranmere Wirral xxx
RIP
Happy birthday, Rabe!! hope you had a blast!! More leadership activity with you
that new jai wolf remix is wild af. Love it
Sakeenah (comes from Sukun) : Peace, serenity, tranquility ... My mom found it in the Holy Qur'an
sure miss all of you.
ILL FIND U AGAIN LOVE
thank god for lasagna
I think I did until today but I know what supposed to do and on my way to do the needful
thank god for lasagna
I'm so proud of u
NILANDI HAHAHAHAHA JOK
LABYU
A review from a recent client
Is it about time you put yourself first and got to the bottom of your health
Sometimes home is a person
Home sweet home
181020
Just. Wow.
It!!!
thank you g
HAPPIEST BIRTHDAY AISH!
one extremely sweet and no-nonsense girl I know, here on Twitter! Thank you
RT alisha2107: Garba love forever
once again I'm so proud
is
It's yoseob's sister birthday yesterdayyy~ and i got a replyyy
Yay!!
Fallout76
That memories HAHAHAHA
Congrats
Yeyyy!! Hi Daddy Bae and Leysam Welcome home!!!
Wow he amazes me so much. The best leader.
just a lil reminder that i love u
treasurezz
This song is so beautiful
Twitter crush
The misconceptions of us My ultimate bias is Taemin
[Happy Sunday]
Release New My Bottle Bening dengan Logo BPA Free+Pouch Aneka Warna
Ready warna :
Pink
Heyy Shahid :) All the best for Rock it! Very much looking forward to this film Much love
Nice Day For A White Wedding
goodnight! I hope we all can have great day tomorrow.
Amping always seatmate! IKAW PUD SEATMATE!! HSHSHSHSHSHSHSHS
It all begins and ends in your mind. What you give power to, has power over you. If you allow it.
My babygirl has fun , happy 4 years in this universe , my light in my life
Loving a bit of in our Cardiff
Chosen and not forsaken, happy sunday!
-
-
I Am Who Say I Am Hillsong Worship
-
Merry Christmas
You really do deserve that shit rach proud of you
always welcome keep making what you love
Hope you had a lovely Birthday Ian
I loved the video!
integrity is everything
Boys get you somebody that gas you up like this, shits the best
Looks amazing
i love you i hope you're all resting and smiling very widely right now :(
daily dose of pancho
Best pic ever
I love his new jacket my baby boy
Very elegant
Goodluck sa exams tomorrow You too
"Truth has come and falsehood will never reappear" Isaiah 42:17. See the full prophecy here
Here's to the weekend, CHEERS!! (40 Photos)
Prepping for at The Earth Collective
Royal Botanical Gardens
Who's up for a train? Fill your feed with content you & discover new bloggers!
[17's Mingyu] today there is an UHD special for inkigayo looking at high quality screen, MingMC will
GAIN TIME!!
Retweet
Like
Follow everyone who RTs
Follow everyone who likes
Been on a beautiful vacation for the weekend
Proud mom
may special place ka sa ko, remember that
Why not? Beast
I love you so much, we are so fkn proud of you. You deserve nothing but happiness. You give so much And we
Happy Birthday Tita Golda!!
Alia is really very talented
i'm ready for you 'I am YOU' era come on baby
251 days
Sunday rant over . Have a good day folks
Happy 21st to my childhood boo
thank you
Brendan is such an introvert when it comes to his clothes
I love that himself, BE YOU!
And The LOVERATRI Fever Continues......
Kaira Upcoming Look For Navratri
And They Looking Awsum
RT bellanaija: BN Sweet Spot: Olamide & his Son Having a Good Time in Disneyland
Good morning world
Happy birthday
Congrats on turning 27, I hope you enjoy your day
.
Small things matter to me the most. One small thing can make me happy in a way you cannot imagine
Thanks for the reminder ate i think my gifts are so childish kasi! Natatawa lang ako thinking
Love this
Jaemark my two bias in nct
I my job... I get to DJ with one of my best friends Bryan Hawk (DJ Bryan Hawk)!
Enjoy a naked guy playing
Sorry for you loss brother thoughts are with you & your family
Mutlu Pazarlar
This!
I have no real clue about colors, but I do follow and keep on pressing the button.
Three generations of handsome, cool dudes
Thank you sm baby, i love you
Great dress And second hand / charity! If you ever
Awwwh bless em... Too cute!!! Heart melting
Adding on to your list here
rest in peace lord nelson u skinny queen, we miss u and u fought a great battle like a minty legend
Good morning enjoy your Sunday
Lo bonito que vais a ver hoy
Bye bye 181021 PMY fan meeting
live your life to the fullest
Done
Truly blessed with the best coworkers and bosses around
It will be okay
I gave you my last how you me if fuck me
online right now on
belated happy birthday mader dear!! thank you for being my crying shoulder and for all the life lessons you've
My followers are sweet & funny, & I couldn't hv ask for better ppl. Thanks for putting up w my crazy ass. & ty
FORZA MILANNN SEMPRE CON TE
you got this leeewis! labyu
thanks G, you are great!
2018 and still called MR?? Kipling cakes??? I hate to be THAT snowflake but
Just adoring his hand like.
I seriously love you ! Your content is so amazing and always makes laugh
I gotta chick x Tyrese
Makin' me feel like the very best, like no one ever was.
I HAVE REACHED FOLLOW LIMIT
In just a few hours I will be able to follow more people. Just hang in there for me.
visited BERAT which is a UNESCO World Heritage Town since 2008
GIRL this is so catchy I LOVE it and p.s you look gorgeous in the video
So sad to be reading this update I 2nd being tested for MTHFR. Sending love & prayers
Oh hey there little Frida! How adorable are these handmade dolls by
.
my love
please
look at my two messages
yesterday
first message
and RT
Whatever you are up against makes it better
Happy Birthday Have a brilliant day
OMG HAVE AN AMAZING TIME
Back with spotify premium
in love
ladyworld was so weird and uncomfortable but i gave it 4.5 stars so take what you will from that
Scottish Juniors Championships today at Elysium Edinburgh! Happy not to be competing but watching and handling
Mulla Mushk Alam asty namekhuda
To the man i love the most.. please have a good rest.. you guys did a great job too
happy birthday momma xx may your day filled with joy
Olha gente, os Deuses
Wah
Jaan ho tum
What a life.... Paradise
It's a wrap. Thanks buying from me
For , they still here giving freebies and selling banner
Ashton Irwin from 5sos I wanted u to know that u r what makes me smile everyday, be the happiest person on if u followed me, love ya
Thalapathy
Respect with love is the only thing we want we are thankful to all men's who stand for women, Respect and
Ahhhh Marc is such a precious egg
Aberfan
I love you more than anything else
Welcome to the Christian World Rhenz Jay
You Never fail to put a smile on my face
Thank you so much!
Together Forever
Get well palangga ILOVEYOUSOMUCH!!! Please take care of yourself
Words describe how much i Love you baby sister. Happy Birthday Shugar
Kya kheny
Who would've thought
Heartbreaker
phineas n ferb
Good morning , I wish you Godspeed and have a beautiful day
a selfie for those who have not seen what I look like yet.
1 Samuel 17:46
You sing too beautiful use somebody is a life with your voice this vlog is one of my
LOOL poke you till you are sore
Please get well soon babe
Need you to stop
OuR singapore thal fans Club
Reached 650 followers
350 followers more to go for 1K
Follow us
One of the greatest video games of all time!
pretty fucking awesome
November 5th anyone else a night baby??
):
Take care of yourself. Nourish yourself. Love yourself. Dream Hollywood
musmutlu pazarlar Goodmorning to all beautiful people following me from different countries
No matter what happebs, you're my fav! I looove your voice.
done, pls give to acc in bio if this isn't legit i undo.
ny kids love they moma
Omg so proud of them
Appreciation post for VOPE the new couple
stay strong bby sissy Got got
Pleasure
I'D LOVE TO HAVE A JOWA NA 50 YEARS OLD KUNG GANITO BA NAMAN KAGWAPO
Definitely a favourite travel destination!
so proud love you guys and everything you!! Sending love
I my life.
Thank you!
mine *saya tak rampas bf orang tau
makasih udah bikin mood gue naik
My Champ
You must be so pleased, what a lovely happy story!
Sharing with
Mine too...Forever!
The music video of 'Elastic Heart' is close to 1 billion views!
tu changes pas ta pp insta ?
All the best
Support the cause!
This was epic
Lots of love from Morocco sweetheart !
been quite the weekend and still one more day. so thankful for my people.
a.e.s.t.h.e.t.i.c
sameer eyes never left naina
also, i find it heartwarming how naina becomes a kid infront
no drunk driving
woow.. t'a refais ma
Mere TL ki shaan ho tum
Forever in our hearts
Morning gorgeous, have a wonderful day
my love
Uh uh have fun
Am made up of energy
me:
you:
we love you
You are everything xxx
things do just for you
Margot Robbie's stand-in is too hot to fool me (20 photos)
Thank you so much, Noxie
done, pls give to acc in bio
.@Bwipo is legit EU Huni... always having fun and enjoying himself no matter what. Such a great personality
i fucking miss hopefully will see him soon
my love
please
look at my two messages
yesterday
second message
Awww Coursemate of life
TYSM labyaaaaa!!!!!
Thank u for a very SPECIAL show last night! You guys outdid yourselves. Thank u for the teaser, can't wait for the launch!
Hello everybody
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
comeback
HAVE AN AMAZING MY BEAUTIFUL
Wheelchair basketball, We have a national league home match today
Vikings WBC v
Shout out to my dance partner at tin roof, forever in my heart
awesome movie a must watch
. Sleep peacefully Watson
Happy 1st Anniversary BaL. Cheers to us!
ILoveYou!
u r amazing, baby.
and shindong r amazing, beautiful and talented too.
wlysm
Sharing with#? family
We are trust you play for ahly
Fight for ahly
Ahly above all
You are inside my heart
See you there!
the sky that I fell through
Follow i will back
and some likes i will replay Done
KAYA YAN
Love
Yes you're short too but ok
Genuine joy oozing from bride and groom long may it continue in good health
Celebrating Followers in *Instagram* Page & 3000 Followers in *Facebook* Page Tq u For Your Love &
Love of Jesus is perfect
Also in honor of my successful heart surgery a few days ago. Marabu Grafix Aqua Ink.
Sharing the love travel safe!
The numbness wore off and it literally hurts to walk Last spanking before surgery and he made it COUNT
ME DE DESPERTAR LOS REYES
Buenas noches
who likes this
I can feel the affection, so beautiful
NO PROBLEM
Why jimin always cute
Keep being yourself plz, it's a pleasure to see you like that
Peace be with you!
these two are so so so cute together
RED
FB / RT
Pls if you like my
Millie
night sunshine I you so much XO
Stream on all platforms
Photoshop CC 2019
Min son
have the best time today my love !! u deserve this <3 ily.
Sundate
Aside sa excited akong makita ang MayWard excited din ako maka meet ng co fans. Sana meron
Thank you josh!!
said this before and say or again naps cure a multitude of ills sending you lots of love
, lazy for me What's everyone's plans today? I know mine is to spend it with my clients
Toujours
Thank you for making the world a better place. Thank you for your bookclub. Thank you for being my idol
The fact that they chose to go to army together (with Ri following shortly) so that their comeback would be
Alles Liebe & Gute zum Geburtstag Happy Birthday to You via
181021 :
My fave bromance since day 1
never felt so at peace with the moment.... thank you world. You work in the worst fucking ways but, take it
have a good day
I'm so hyped!
"The only risk you'll take is not taking the risk" hi hahaha
3 judges in action
Bali
Cofio
Happy Heart! Thank you YFC Cavite I love you all!!!!
Amina : Trustworthy, Faithful
Idk wtf going on, but shits going down in tacoma. I heard bout 20 gun shots then cops flying. So everyone be safe.
it freaking says
TO
BE
CONTINUED
i hope cheng xiao can still be part of season 2 next summer
Crazy isnt it!
I made the right response then good luck babie wishing u all the best
Oh, Sunday London, United Kingdom
done, pls give to acc in bio
A abs are something like magic
Opening day!
be careful of the cold too!
Living life. Lambug Beach, Badian
W h y not b o t h
Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium, Kochi
oh merci mathou
1.4k
Mentionne la personne sans qui tu rien!
BIIIMMM!
What an amazing celebration with my Hidden Heroes
I love Danny and Roxanne so much guys
massive happy 21st birthday to !! Looking forward to celebrating with you on the 3rd love you lots xxx
GO FOLLOW
Ready VCS
ID :
Area : JAKSEL NOW
EXPO : Malang 25 OKT
BBW Lovers
More info
I can die happy now that seen Drake live in concert along with Post Malone & YG
Had such a good time with Tallulah this morning watching latest video! Great to see you back!
If
Happy birthday!!!!
finally received my iKON shirts from they're so beautiful and high quality so worth it and
Omg yes this is amazing I love you both so much
Go for red
PAL
omg you are too sweet ily Tashae!!
11.30.18
Singles Retreat
"Thank God Im Single"
AHHHHHHHHHH NO AL 4 DE NOVIEMBRE
My heart is melting Wow. Babies
have fun today love
Congrats Zan you honestly deserve all the good things coming your way.
Once FNC, always FNC
Looking beautiful
Congrats bbgirl!!!
If ur on twitter 3:33 this
OPPO Realme 2 : After 1 Month Full Review !
EXCELLENT
OUR ALFA WARiOR
LiON ROARiNG iN WH!
WE
Beautiful still obsessed by hares and entirely your fault sir! Not that
Kookies sweet laugh tho the most precious cutie
You still look so cute
I'm a big fan of both of yours
2018 - 2017 - 2016
SO PROUD
Good night with my girls, now time to head home to my baby boy TJ
Hare Vishwananda Hare Vishwananda .... Love You my Precious Sweet Love Thank
Autumn, our favorite season . happy out
He will forever be my forever
Unexpected thank you
Thanks girl I really appreciate it
We love you SweetYoriChiBi
Well. It's over. Honestly, that was a really sweet ending . Thanks for the forced binge watching .
i'm full hehe thanks ate angge!
U da best KTM
I am highly favored by God.
perfect relationship
Thank you!!
damn God works wonders huh, outta nowhere
don't get me started with
Inspiration Factory is almost complete!!! just waiting patiently for the Zuma
FREE WEBCAMS Register 100% FREE
Ui on dort comme ttes les nuits car on s'aime
A blunt, cig & pumpkin carving w my baby outside spooky vibes af
My pumpkin is Jack Gordan!
Beautiful day ! Spending it with this one and the others
blessed Sunday
Being cool friends with an ex is WAAAY better then ending on bad terms
Good morning
I love you more :(
Onurr
So proud of the mothership!
I just recieved my aeri bong
K-beauty: The rise of Korean make-up in the West
L O B O
Happy birthday! Loveyou
Nice work Hope a few finals wins in 2019 is on that list
(
/
God is great God is kind thank u God for giving me this beautiful life
Ah true!!! Holdingng the fort as always!!
Well say something girl all love
Excited to learn.
Jin and his son
Gaaaah! Ordered my first BookDepository books!
LA AMO
Love him! What a dude!! Totally behind Ricciardo today. Keep smiling!
5 years ago
Thank you also proud of you for guiding lovely ladies and educating them and assisting them with health and knowledge
Stylishly Beautiful
Gorgeous diva
Not long till I take this one to see her fave I wait to see her face nothing better then
you very welcome dear!! self love you pretty
This pictures are my Forever fav
Ektu aunty er shathe pic share korle ki hoi tmr? Koto din ekshathe pic
Thank you!
Baby Joonie was so nervous but he did so well :(
Miss you . . .
Do you miss me?
20181020
Thank you David the same to you and all your loved ones
are couples fucking goals
Always! not what you look like or what you can bring the table!
Love this city! Perfect weather, sweet spot for us here in The Valley of the Sun... Ran into some Rez Natives
Thanks for give away
Wish me lucky
Your party was off the hook we had fun mogotsi and once again,happy birthday
One year of
I could so live here
Banoty Bah7bk ya alby
Netflix, a date
goodnight, i love my saturn more than the universe he lives in
Coming up soon, in 30 minutes, We Katamari on
We're getting close to the final stretch of Save Point 2018!
i promise you going to marry this girl
Hit for babu
You're welcome
ooooo yesssss robynne tweedale/joseph buckland (GBR) are skating their tango to lola from damn yankees I STAN
Will do double next Saturday
In sta andando a sponsorizzare peluches pelushosi
GO FOLLOW
ID :
Area : SURABAYA
MILF Lovers
More info cek bio!
DM
promote promote
I love for you"
this was so cute and fluffy not
Fallout76 14/11/2028
Thank you so much Ben
Awh Alice, you are too kind
Thank You So Much
completely and utterly for this we started off as close friends face ass
So sorry for your loss
my two letters
happy birthday nephew! auntie & uncle loves you! enjoy your day & be safe my boy lol
Now kbsn_official posted the official teaser of show our love and support for HJ with and
Well, a really good album! The world is forever grateful that you made it
THEATRE SHOW DISCOUNT
Catch a riveting performance of at the
Happy Heart! Thank you YFC Cavite I love you all!!!!!
Bon Dimanche je vs
TLG
THANK YOU BEEEE GOODBLESS YOUUUU TOOOO
Epic landscape. Blue sea and blue sky.
Just that. Happy Sunday.
It's a wrap. Thanks buying from me and thanks for coming to our event !!!!!
For , they
Thank you so much my Zenbut YOU!!! Thank you so much my love I receiveand so do youuu babe
For every will help children suffering from heart disorders.
I wait to see you in London
This is so cute
I loved it
Thanks Britt
YES!!!! JustForYoo and Mo
Where do I meet gals Lik this....
You're welcome
Handheld Yamakaze [Kantai Collection] Find more and related at Anime Lovers WorldWide
HAHAHHAA te amo
four champs, two runner ups
Me after eating a burger with lots of bacon and a serving of sans rival toast dessert
True
Siunausta sinulle!
always
Long live the 159
1 & 7
Two of the best. Add Rob Halford and it would be complete.
spit on me a few times during his set tonight. It was very special. Thank you.
still up talking to my baby
Thank you love
If you want to come to Italy now...
I'm starting LIVE on !
Thank you my lovely
GO FOLLOW
Ready VCS
ID :
ID :
Area : BEKASI
EXPO :
BBW Lovers
More info
Good Morning Janie ,that was nice ,and you too
I can if you teach me !
what a powerful duo!
Hello
First attempt at Gluten Free and happy to say a hit!
Words can demotivate and crush people. Use them carefully. Never hurt an innocent soul
We are glad you love it A fab market in a glorious setting!
absolutely correct Lisa you are 1 classy English rose
Sloppy is best
Buenos Amooool
this ain't a question. i just wanted to say that i like your name. Oh thank you
Good morning
Let's all have a fucked up week
Wow i love this pictures of her
Rob wiv Edwel && kapid a birthdate well spent
God bless you Darling! God bless you real Good! i love you too
thank you so much for the message video
Hi, if you are now attacking with depression i am always a one chat away friend!!!!! You can count on me pls di jud ko snob haha
I'm so proud of Pioooo he's on the starting line up na
ma sardegna boi we will meet some day hopefully pecoraro bastardo
Always looking forward
YOLO
You Only Live Once
Thank you for this
Good luck! Go out and smash it
You need to see this! This is really cute Congratulation to the two fans, best couple ever !
Happy Heart! Thank you YFC Cavite I love you all!!!!!
Namjin sitting in front each other, they spend a lot of time together
La unionmagkikita ulet tayo sa December
Thank you
important
Last night was awesome, thanks to everyone who picked up the new EP and caught our set huge thanks
I have the greatest friends in the world
happy bday u sexy bitchhhhh. hope u have the best day love u so much one of a kind xxx
Stunning work , your observations are beautiful
otw to sto. tomas
Boa sorte Saeng
beautiful
Good morning guys!
Thank you, lovely
happy birthday darling! Hope you have an amazing day
I had the most amazing mullet festival weekend with you I wish someone wouldve told me sooner that
Aaaaah , eu amo
people come and go , learn to let go and move on
So cute, right
Then he resist and talked about the rope (dirty talk) xD
Top 3 greatest premier league defenders only time he had a bad game was against Torres
Loveyouall
This had been the best comment thread I've read in a long time! I needed a laugh, Jim you never fail.
sooooo thankful that we have people like & So inspiring & so awesome.
goodmorning
there there... i have utmost confidence that u will ace this paper
it
GO FOLLOW
ID :
Area : DEPOK-JAKARTA
EXPO : Bogor 20-21 OKT
BBW Lovers
More info cek
Movie date with my sisters
Brilliant response already with folks booking stalls! for a rail and or table
Seokjin with his son RJ what legends
A7la morning text de wla a
happy birthday chiq!! God bless always & stay strong mo!
Happy birthday to the gorgeous
i love you SO much. i hope you have a lovely day, Cal
live with live without
Hailey my lab so sweet
Now I could get offended cause my dad is an abusive criminal who used to beat us up 24/7. But I don't.
Thank you to all who were there for sharing your stories with us! So happy you had a wonderful time
Today starts the long haul of delivering poppy boxes and tins to local businesses
Had a good laugh with within our short conversation after awake. Annoys each other and laughed and annoy
Goodmorning cutie
Be a hero Sign & share this petition & donate to this amazing cause Our four legged friends need our help &
Thanks for the shout!
Also Parineeti singing Abhi Na Jao chodkar...
ANNEM DE BEN
IFB with
I've watched KYY season 1 cause of but didn't watch S2 cause I felt KYY without Parth is dull...I
you got me and the girls never alone
.Thank you Afsana
Miss you moreee
Yess!! Jom kita ke Singapore next year
baby boyssss
Do what makes you happy, and be with who makes you smile.
They are stunning
sadly, i can't vote but i'm sure you'll make it. you deserve it so much
Thank you for sharing
Same, hahah! That's why I love them, and us
you are the reason
Foodtrip date with mama
Goat love Spring Creek Orchards
So grateful for you!
Thank you dear friend
1.9M on 7M on Now THAT'S a RESULT
NEED HELP: looking for kind-hearted friends who are willing to adopt these 2 furbabies for 6 NIGHTS this November?
Thank you
Dude SAME !!! Cant wait for next week!
Lots of love From Ghana
Do you know how I can vote from sweden?
So much love
My bank account is also open. Why we communicate in dollars?
Stay with me, please.. without you i'm nothing. thanks for everything
teeny tiny yoonie in between the two tallest beans in bangtan :(
so excited to see my mom and brother tomorrow
A boxers A, Speed bag
Sobrang swerte ko at ganito Mama ko ka sweet
Thinking about designs for my first tattoo on my forearm always keeps me in a happy mood
The best
"Ok ok take a deep breath first and we talk tomorrow"
Gosh the Spanish love me it's cuz I'm half Spanish Japan I'll work on it
Good luck my darling Champ. Hope you ace it
from one birthday girl to the other: happy birthday anne xx
Wow now that's a nice cock
I love that one So much but a lot of the navy seem to hate it for some reason. The piano just gets me everytime omg.
Good morning sweetie
Nothing more relaxing then falling asleep to the sound of the ocean
shes understand me alot
Yours only
Best Views
This is an awesome introduction I love this So proud of you,love you Good luck for your
I remember my parents did the same for me freshmen year, I was balling just like her.
Ahhhh my heart my happiness
Goodbye Manila! It was fun
Love you
Congratulations to Nathan and Amie on their engagement
it has been exactly 6 months since i proposed to zeby. zebifa have officially been engaged for half a year now! i love you
fantastic prize would love to win ,fingers crossed sharing the love with friends to enter good luck
He's my gorgeous man, love him to bits.
baby feliz com sua pulseirinha nova
For every difficulty there's relief in Sha Allah ameen love
We went to tonight for a art tribute exhibition. We got to meet Tony
new TVC of Jollibee ni Sarah!
good morning my dear have a fab day
thank you for yesterday ! wait to see you all again today !
This man is our prince
Just driving past Liverpool Hospital on our way to church and thinking so much of If you
Hi twitter For my daily stories and my life daily rutines follow my instagram to too known me more
Congratss baby Alien
So proud of you
Best thing seen in a while
that's how much i love you guys, and even more
Latest Click !
on Sets
KIM MINJI she looks so cute with that hat I wanna kith my favorite woman
sm north edsa with
imagine a way to get closer than this House
thank you sa good harvest Lord!
I'm so proud of you
Ha sido un placer verte y conocerte
You are so kind and funny Stay strong ate sam
what does to everyone.
You did. And its amazing.
Reminds me of my childhood memories
Mutluluk
Awww okay, will try my best to have you live vicariously through my trip! Hahaha
Tonight was a much needed night with my friends after a long week so thankful for them
You amplify my soul
Happy Birthday Brother
Bu oldu.
Love his style
Welcome to TEXAS! have some sweet tea and get ready to "rally"!!!!
Day and night .... we Paris feeling in love at Eiffel Tower, Paris
first chapter will be posted later, every chapter will be threads under this tweet. uwu, im so excited for this
Happy 5th Birthday to my Archie boy. This kid amazes me every day, a born fighter
Wowwwwww!!! Mi obra favorita de Chopin!!!
Proud to be part of ALDUB Nation! Proud to love Alden and Maine and its fandom.
ALDUB and proud.
I do think they studied it after all, bighit once said they all contributed in creating everything
We just can't keep our hands to ourselves...
Thank you darling
Another month for the books babygirl happy 7th months I love you so much
Trueeee. More interesting video pls.
The Cuteness bby
sugaonthebeat39
can't wait to see the heart of pader pio.
Also, could totally get used to snuggling him and his new kitten in bed. calling this one Superman
Je kiff tellement les chansons
Thanks for this RT DEAL
Please RT everyone
RtxRt for sure ^^
I will RT back your RT Deal
Thanks
thank you
Oh darling girl look after yourself. Sending condolences
thank you for your beautiful, true words! The only thing I would add is
My Students.
Ps; I'm teaching them The Word Of God, even though I'm only 15 years old.
We are so so so very very very close to 100M
Please stream. It Will make the boys so happy!
I felt that
Remembering
Album selection lets talk about the Suncity EP. is actually making waves... in my opinion
My boys working so hard
Pround of you baby
Rehearsal for next weeks show love music so much
Indonesia is waiting for you
also been added to New Punk Tracks playlist This is nuts, another 100k+ potential
Thank you!!! hope we can meet when I go there next year!
Good evening
Followed
Domingo de
Morning
29 days to see you!!!
Ja HI , ich bin LIIVE
Who like this beautiful and soul touching song ?
. Thanks for the night
Niggas always calling me Black ass, they love me doe I just ignore that shit
Not much of space here but the view looks lovely.
IG
'S... Taeyeon Concert in Seoul
Much love for this
Photoshop CC 2019
glad you had a fun day beautiful
How's you Charlie? I love your songs..
Yay okay thank you check that one out!
Its good that the team are so dedicated, saving families lives
Good morning baby
Lucky ladies
My loves
Love thoughts and prayers are with you today Gone but never forgotten xxxx
Very proud.. I love the hustle
Friends are like sister even we are far apart ,we are connected heart to heart
Love you too b
Happy Anniversary both - have a lovely day
Macrolepiota procera (if i become a doctor at least I could be a good pharmacist)
Thank you baby
Morning
Meron na! Meron sa youtube, spotify at itunes
Awwwh they will appreciate this
Happy 14th birthday to my little sister Sophie, hope you have a good day!
Beauty
Kiss your feet mother, god bless you
My Srishty
My favorite song of EXO is
supportive friend
Stunning custom order
Available via
Indonesia is waiting for you
Oohh it looks so good! Congrats!
Nehha Nehha Nehha Nehha
We want only Nehha back as a wild card.
Ang importante meron akong new friends. hihi
if you ever need to talk, always here!
You really have that thing. That thing that i've always been longing for.
I love you
You will always be special to me. Tayo man o hindi.
Out now! More details here:
whatever angle we look at them from, full of love
Gorgeous sunny morning, putting the pain aside and packing painkillers off into the Autumn country with horse
Aww no, sorry to hear that. great, I hope you feel better soon!
Moderato ver sehun
Thank you for the giveaway
Halloween has arrived at Burnham on sea kicked off with a spooky owners wine club
Check out the Haven app for all the Halloween events
Weekend with Lola eva.aguirre.90 .
If it is what i think it is....
you're my vibe i love you hihi
Wishing your family all the best.
HAHAHAHA peace tayo sa nickname ni toot past na yun luvyu Shieeeee
thanks for picking my question, iphone s k video pe 1.1M views hogaye.Result kab nikalogi Guruji? I U......
Love hearing from our TFC Club Members They are elevating their businesses left, right and center and I
I just come here to say that I'm so proud of you, my president Thank you for overcoming all the pressure and
Thanks for this! wait to listen to your Love
Iloveyouuuu
I have so much love for women, we are all true blessings
happy Sunday
Happy birthday to your mumzy ayyy
hello frenny rose and your least favorite mingyu staaan ;( aaah I tried blue contacts today
The juj is banging differently, it was definitely worth my soul
Apna bhi Har jagah hai
RT if you gonna watch FDFS with SRK Universe
home
tell to everyone please. For Lana
When he treats you... and takes you to the villa
Love this, Nicky always looks after Shane
the joy of my world? my angels
to this "nominy" by Milo that I just added to my
My everything!
if i can find the cure i'll, i'll fix you with my love
Ming ming
As endless as the ocean. As timeless as the tides... Misibis Bay Resort
Morning hike with my family Was able to see samchon too
Hope appa can come with
Miss you precious jane!
Pouhahaha tu !
and RT
AVAIL YA BEB INCLUDE ROOM
OPEN BO
081770446069
BANDUNG
ST&LT
INCLUDE/EXCLIDE ROOM
praying so much. Please retweet this and donate if you can. We need to look out for eachother in this world.
Our very first family potrait, finally My
Cheers Mikey will do my man see u there
I love women. I love the way they look,smell, taste. I LOVE women. That being said, I often understand
Today was magnificent!
Micheles married for love there is no wealth greater than love.
Friends
Ohh ok! Thank you anyway, so beautiful
You kind of look like Emma Watson and those brows?
movie date with love
Speedy recovery wishes to both
Off to Malabon! HMU malabon friends
You wouldn't have to make me, I already do just stunning
i love you to the point that words aren't enough
Listen to your heart
I everything but the push to redeem James. Too soon. Abandonment is traumatic. I don't buy this
=
Throwback to my first days on the pottery wheel ...
Thankyouuuu
I LOVE YOU TO THE HIGHEST BRACE HENRY ARQUIZA
Happy birthday to the queen who makes me believe in my dreams and inspires me to be creative have a great day
Love moreeeee!!
Made my day
if still up....
Ser
Baby bun
Love to watch my wife and kids just for heer
Morning lovely Bonnie xx
I love TRX. From Porn to candy ... . Tron gonna fill the blockchain with everything he can. Love it!!!!
(@ Classrooms & Laboratories - Helwan University in Helwan, Cairo)
1 year ago today
Youngkyun with eomma appa
but we are one. The others can only dream to reach our level
To more long walk with you. Thank you, my love.
GO FOLLOW
ID :
Area : JOGJA
EXPO : Bali 22-29 OKT
BBW Lovers
More info cek bio!
WA :
You complete my weekends, and you never failed to make me smile.
Good luck from Poland you are amazing!!
70s and 90s songs was
Minha
I love the ebonies
short hair.
Massive for the GBs. More so after seeing this.
Oh my! How much do I want one of these gorgeous suits
EL CONCEPTO.
SI SON UNOS CUANDO HAN CRECIDO TANTO? ME ENCANTA LA PRIMERA FOTO DEL CB
! I love the DB series, grew up with it. Bulma is the bomb They get
Happy 20th Birthday to my best friend, I hope you have the best day you deserve it. wait to celebrate with you soon Sophie Manship
Sincere weekend tradition.
Just as a flower needs sunlight to blossom so do we women need love to be happy and at peace
Our babies.
LOOK AT THAT LITTLE SMILE ON BETTY
18.10.21 fan meeting
She's sexy and hot dance
Can't wait to start buying my wife stuff like this
More photos on my Instagram! ( )
Love it
GO FOLLOW
ID :
Area : MALANG
EXPO :
PANLOK Lovers
More info cek bio!
DM
Nice little catchup with my bro Lowgz tonight
Live your life in your life you are good enough
Some watch you for signs of stress.
Some watch you for signs of success.
Know what you are dealing with.
Love you all!
Blessed
Hope everything is okay. Sending you both good vibes
You look gorgeous!
Cricketers na avlo pudikum
Mais non bb
good i better because idk what do without you
Calculate LOVE Percentage using this REAL and TRUSTED LOVE METER
TAEYEON CONCERT
In bed with the cure.
barely awake and the first thing I do is Justin hear.
te amo
No matter how many screwed up people I meet in my life, I will always have a good heart...
And no matter what
Thank you
Marian Rivera Gracia Dantes
birthday breakfast with my loves
thank you love so sweet!
Awwww so cute beautiful Cedar x
I was so scared to do this eye look but I so happy I did it anyways
Can I? Me? :>
Ncaawwwww! Lovely
Good Morning London
.
.
From out_in_london photo
.
.
.
.
My biggest secret since 2010 hahahahahha
here
Welcome bro
good morning you're the best
Respect your shorty & keep her spirits up some females go through a lot
<TRAD> 211018 | official_izone instagram (1/3)
"What IZ your color?
Nous vous transmettons nos sentiments
Nous
Many more to come love
so happy for u! have fun
If I Had To Choose.
My Best Day
My Finest Hour
My Wildest Dream Come True
MINE WOULD BE YOU
It what she deserves
Your (our) kids have never shown me anything but love.
Of course you can! I just followed you. Nice to meet you!
So they switch seats? Namjin spending time after all
Namjin sleep time
Love you
My OTP Harry/Ginny
Awesome photography interview in Sunday Times Megan work is super
....stay safe. i hope you can rest soon
Do you know how I can vote from sweden ? You were amazing Loveu
My mums name is which means to of my & she really is the light of my life
My captain
!!!!
how lucky that the fresco is near you, it's fantastic !! Kisses
Played the game recommended by Sei and WeMe sold 92k copies on their debut under my company
Go
Beauty and Grace!
Last nights look.. thought cover up for a change.
Happy Sunday
GO FOLLOW
ID :
Area : JOGJA
EXPO :
BBW Lovers
More info cek bio!
DM
Last night vibess!! So much
May your grandpa always be in good health, and have speedy recover
Thanks for concert, it was perfect and magic, you gave us your everything, hope to see you again :3
Saranghae
100% Free Live Porn Cams
Shows by Beautiful Girls
Some great entries in the challenge! Keep them coming and tune in today at 1pm for the next one!
My wife, my life
FB DP Naka move on na yan HAHAHA
If the one in a million chance that I date Harry happens, I promise that I'll teach him how to take a selfie just for y'all
follow
*girl posts selfie*
girl replies: queen!!
men replies: kill me this fucking instant
Thank you!
Solid Vibrations L still loading brotherly
.
Mums got a new one say hello to Mr Chutney twitter Pals
She loves these nearly as much as us Pugs
never forget your birthday babes
Sureee
I love you sm baby G, miss always being with you!!!!
I am so excited seeing the talent he's fostered though. His impact is immortal
GOT YOU AND YOUR TEAM SOME PANDAN CAKE. Welcome to Singapore! How to give it to you though?
pretty ng favourite author ko oh
You are beloved!
The
Followed. find me at
BRAVO
Super Cute
While reading the comments
The most beautiful.
Just had that anger moment but I understand where u coming from still my baby and hold it down and let time play part.
but i'm saying thank you in advance for the live trans thank u for ur hard work
Nah... Blade's dead... call fuckin sam and dean
Annecim mi
Shoutout to for letting all this happen and surprising her as well!
so good to see youu i love you matthew, i really doo.
So put your phone down and be in the moment with him
d- 72
Okay sorry for asking again. Did you guys know how much the tax is ? For bts love yourself tour. Thanks b4
18.10.21 fan meeting
She's sexy and hot dance
Look at your happy face Charlie!
Thank you babbyy
I can't WAIT !
HAPPY 18 BIRTHDAY LVE YOU SWEETIE ...
Forever and always
You complete my sunday, and you never failed to make me smile.
I was trying on some new bikinis today Anyone want to see?
Love those pics Nick! Thank you so much
My nephew just gave me the biggest hug . I needed that , least I know he loves me ..
yessssss
I love the seaside
Wow, Amazing! Lonelyy is broadcasting on ,come to join!
Oreo hot chocolate heaven
Ay my good boy pictures love you guys auntie Mar
4 Hours to go for the Grand Success Meet of
Watch LIVE:
( my baby it's amazing, I really really like it
cold as a bitch
Day spent very well!! Happiest birthday to my first & forever love, daddddyyy!!! I Love Always!!!
Heart Rate Monitor and Fitness Tracker
GRANDE ES
happy birthday!
My cousin spent her 18th Birthday feeding orphaned children.
THIS
Valentine
This year you're mine ohsehum94!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
IF YOU LIKE SOMEONE, PROTECT IT.
Get well soon. I hope okay
Heartwarming
How to make a change
Every Sunday morning should start with oasis in your ears
Baby was so nervous
My butter pecan always at ihop
hoping that they're all found well + returned home with their families safe, praying
Fantastic behaviour off of everyone last night, what a strange group of people I associate myself with, u all x
sending hugs to we're always here lang always for u! yiee cheer up! luv u win!
i love you, judy jung! you're one-of-a-kind and we need more people like you. gotchu always. alabyu
E buongiorno
We love you will not abandon you
Wow, Amazing! Lonelyy is broadcasting on ,come to join!
happy birthday
GO FOLLOW
ID
Area : MALANG
INCLUDE ROOM 22 OKT
BBW Lovers
More info cek bio!
WA :
New streaming link for 2018 BOF Park Concert thanks Esteeee
Must watch Exes Baggage !
HE"S HERE!!! Thank you Tisoy
/ |
/ /
/
/_/
You know I'm gonna be
Chernivtsi National University
Merci pour les 1 an de bonheur que vous m'avez fourni !
hehe ty
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Jacqueline!
Saudia Arabia Love you from Pakistan
Haters gonna hate
Wow, Amazing! Lonelyy is broadcasting on ,come to join!
Thank you so much!
When you feel it, right
Happy Birthday bro
GO FOLLOW
ID :
Area : JAKARTA
EXPO :
BBW Lovers
More info cek bio!
DM
It's cute to see the members from Busted sharing memories together on Instagram.
To more long walks with you. Thank you, my love.
good luck sqaish
CHOCOLATE CHANGER MY LUV
APALAGI KALO PAKE MILK PUDDING
mamaciw debooo.. kiss kiss from baby ciooo..
the only duo that matters
this is beautiful
Supporting my favourite ytber right here
Screw them all , YOU are just perfect the way YOU are
We are so very sorry. So sorry. You are in our thoughts today.
My favourite snack
Did boxing for the first time in my life loved it
what is your plan for winter
Also THANK U FOR ALL THE SOLID PEOPLE WHO WISHED ME LUCK!!!
And congratz to fellow NMAT takers!
Happy Birthday
1st & last
All you need is LOVE
and a cup of COFFEE
The Beauty
The Bela Mahir Seghal
Wow, Amazing! Lonelyy is broadcasting on ,come to join!
I MEET JITSKE IN 2 WEEKS
Wow, Amazing! Lonelyy is broadcasting on ,come to join!
Wow
Nutrail xc
I love you too
That is one smouldering hot pale body
yesss
thank you so much poppy!! love you
hit that
I feel for both of you.
Beautiful morning in bound with my bestie Durham, Durham
Sunday rose for
Well... That is it. Good bye from us, 4.48 Psychosis team.
It looks like a beautiful painting
You should frame them b
voted for you again! Hope you win this girl. Love you
Bruce Dickinson Living Legend
They always liked their fans
So proud of you Queen You're beyond blessed and loved by many. I u always and forever. Kaka proud
Kapamilyas love you Songbird!
Missing this beautiful man
Went to Enchanted Kingdom yesterday!
great too!
Oh my goodness you are SO stinkin sweet, next time please say hi!! Love Love loveeeee meeting
Anyways love yourself, go for whatever you desire, and be the best you can be goodnight
'Life' got 10K streams on Spotify Thank u
Dude a couple got engaged when dropped home and it was the most perfect thing I've ever seen
We look forward to seeing you again soon, Allan. Your continued support is greatly appreciated.
Thanks - Gemma
Traveling to Multan by Airline
Half the reason watching xfactor is to see Louis
Charitable Rob.
Thank you!
181017
D-night
C-5
have fun mai and gel!!!!
Going to be taking commissions soon! And upload some new videos after I get my job. hoping.
Happy Birthday Mrs Smith! You're husband is an example to us all
Kindly pls react
the apple to my eye
Llegas re fisurita y la plaga te segundea... Jajaj Ti amuuu bebuuu!!!
(Retweetd): back to where I belong (TURKEY LOVES YOU SO MUCH MY DEAR.)
Everyone is beautiful
You're a gentleman and a scholar
I'm dead.
Science is your working tool given by God not the thing to believe in
Learning through play I hope Southern Pet Services Ltd host Craig Ogilvie Page again for some play workshops
You are my starlight.~
Thank you very much Ivana for all your good wishes and have a beautiful Sunday you too
So good so hot love him
Tell you that im leaving but I wont be loong if it was up to me Id see you tomarr
I have found an awesome tour of Asia... think this one is on the cards
naraid66
gs1mmpx0ohs
Best boy band ever since day 1
Find a man who looks at you like looks at
Thank you an
Thank you Abby! Happy birthday to you to!
Kisses appreciates Donny
Donny appreciates Kisses
Kisses and Donny appreciates US
This is home
Yes baby
You're so sweet snow, we had a great day together!
This weekend with my girls was MUCH needed
Sehun's beautiful profile!!!!! And this little mole on his neck
Lee Jin Ah
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Lilimar!
[181021]
What IZ your color?
We expressed our feelings toward everyone
Until that day we will become your
I love you
Lol my little sister spending the night with me at my house for the first time
Family bond
Tech
Today is the day for the Final Show of themissglobe 2018 this was at yesterday's
My is melting! on
En sevilen marka
thank you i love you
happy birthday sa happy pill naming lahat thank you so much for everything fefemylabs more power pa sa
Happy nights
That's me & MY BOY Bestfriend we have a BOND
Mom's
Happy Birthday, Clara! Have a wonderful day
CINQ ANS MON PETIT CHAT
18.10.21 fan meeting
She's sexy and hot dance
Happy Halloween! Mind to help me? Thankyou, Leadernim
Shorty lol cheek xx love the lingerie just major sexy
Nov 10th
21/10/1966
My heart and Soul
NEWWWW VLOGGGG! // Halloween Party! || Jaz Parducho via
sending hugs to we're always here lang for u! we got u always luv u!
9 Welcome
Market Cap: $210,500,297,539
BTC Dominance: 53.57%
BTC: $6505.67070736
ETH: 0.03197305 BTC
XRP:
Nice body Miran
101% mother figure.
Unseen !
Thank you bestie
YOU MAKE STRAY KIDS STAY
[181021]
What IZ your color?
We expressed our feelings toward everyone
Until that day we will become your
Happy birthday to you
I this! Would you pass the test? Hope Christian Church the Sergio De La Mora
Birthday blessings boo
Those abs
Lytham's best destination for music lovers
Good Morning and wishing you a fabulous day
Thank you
Walks yesterday
justvwatched sierra burgess is a loser again bc of kristine froseth
Was a great day brother
Self love
miss you
HAPPIEST BIRTHDAY ulit sa'yo ate wiwit
I told my girl that I love her, please don't change on me
CRUSHHHHHHH
RJ give me your energy positive vibe for my speech
Unseen !
Congrats you
Top 5 for the 2nd race today! You did it again
RT you cosy this winter.
forget to tag us in your pics and use
Thank you for bringing back Rachel!
We love a rich unbothered man living life on a private jet or whatevaaaaa
The goodest boy! Happy birthday Toby!
Hey GOLD
Speaking it into existence
Vidic we need a new Vidic not fool coward lindelof
Grabe two years ago with
Kala ko talaga may vlog to eh. Kaso wala
Omg omg thanks BBC !!!!
Loving Bradley Cooper and Lady Gaga duet gives me goosebumps everytime.
Friendships where you can go days without talking and seeing each other, but when you come together ALWAYS a vibe!!
a thread of completed / ongoing ao3 fanfic recommendations mostly jikook / kookmin or yoonmin warning smut
Fabio wildin' right next to Simon's Salad. I love this song
Argentina
just watched sierra burgess is a loser again bc of kristine froseth
Hope alright. Love you, sis!
I miss your beautiful English countryside
Thank you so much
my smol family
Thanks to everyone who came out to the stream, legends.
I just drew
Hope you like it
Happy 1st wedding anniversary Mr & Mrs Ponting
Para sa inyo We will alwas be here! Joyful to be home!
[individual] 'Observatory'&'Mi-shil' Dance , 20181021
Kisi Zaban Mein Bhi Woh Labz Hi Nahi
Ki Jeenmein Aap Ho Kya Aapkon Mein Bata Sakun Throwback of Some
If you are SINGLE, then follow OneMoreComedy
PING!!!
Happy halloween!
Mind to help me? Chaengkyu!!
Who will be victorious at Wembley today?
LIKE - Chargers
RT - Titans
View our LA Chargers vs Tennessee
Issa nice action comedy one actually, enjoy
Seen la my baby
Every morning...
Great stuff love this fact!
YEEEEEEEEEEE
Wow, a dream
Thanks
another human bean
se on vous attend avec impatience
Thank you Janie
Allah Hu Akbar !
Me & my son are just so happy
This is so relatable
So uplifting
British style in London
.
.
.
From
[Photo:
.
.
I know that we never talked but i love you
Hpy bday gannavaram tiger anna
Amen and thank you
Proud of you Don! See you in December!
going to see kiyoooooooooo
my little ball of cuteness and happiness
Thank you for all of this! Super helpful. I shall explore the options
F/A
AR
RTs appreciated
This is the sign I am looking for.
Fighting!!! Love u always
I am thankful for the two friends I have
It's indeed! You must try once!
I'm not looking for followers. Your opinion is what I value. Take your time.
SUNDAY BRUNCH
Brunch is best cooked at home exactly how you like it
Poached eggs & crushed avo
Congratulations & Thank you Everyone Who Voted For Him
this Chocolate Hamper For White Chocolate Lovers LIKE &
Domingos con amenos
thank you very much friend, a blessing to all the moms
Is it just me or does look like a blonde in this photo??
Both stunning ladies
THANK YOU SO MUCH!
Thank you nak! I love youuu
She even looks exhausted nowadays
Don't know what's wrong
Hope all's well
Always by her side
Io e te
When Drift went to Hogwarts!
Broomstick training, here we come!
Perfect couple
Tell the truth and wrap it in proof I live this life my Twitter Life it is there to share
Do you have discord?Add me if you do,or leave your tag in the repliesMy username on discord is MonaElle#5442
yea pwede rin shirt hahahaha. salamat edsss
Another of Forage Willow and Charlie officially open for business
Vista view
Thank you gorgeous
last night was soooo fun and tiring, thankful i got to see with my sister
see you soon D-90
album QUEEN is so beautiful in so many ways!!!! Fall in Love eveytime...
Happy.
Tommorow is someone's birthday
Same to you chico, congrats!
Happy birthday to my other half
Donat
He fine
Feel free to ask me questions!
I believe in you
Rahul Khanna is
Yesssssssss but it's still up to you
the most photogenic person ever seen.. __
Unseen !
of course!
Bro
What an amazing view. You have really big heart
2014 is my year
Love these
NOV 15 HOORAYYY!!!
Have a good day todayyyy
You are super cute!!
Alhamdulillaah! Happy sekali
Thank you T-mobile
I got some real homies
we love a true fan
Love this...
Kisi Zaban Mein Bhi Woh Labz Hi Nahi
Ki Jeenmein Aap Ho Kya Aapkon Mein Bata Sakun Throwback of Some
GO FOLLOW
ID :
Area : SEMARANG
EXPO : Cirebon 23-24 OKT
BBW Lovers
Skin : chinez mix
:>
this if youd fuck me, if you WOULDN'T.. Well then go fuck yourself idk what you want me to do about it.
Good luck sa exam! God Bless! thank you, good luck din anon!!!!
OMO. I forgot to add, "is it because she's a fire goddess that makes her lips hot on mine or...?"
Jk.
X8 exits. Out.
Pleasing
i miss you too!
She's nice and beautiful and I like her but I guess she is a little bit "attention seeker" or doesn't have
Back hug and forehead kisses are the best!
tyL for another year of life happy 15th, self!
my fav mutual is i love her the mostest
one of the tweeps you blocked wants to get something from you. Unblock and do business, Life is not difficult boo.
Ifb
finalllyyyyy thank you !!
omg you deserve this this is your week
iphone pics
Ill dm 5 of the first 25 rts with a account
goodluck again :)
Ugh I love you
yaw boring asf but I had a good time wit my girl
Same. the shower.
22 inches and 8 pounds 1 ounce
Rt,dm
Haha yeee , stay out of trouble luv. Keep ya head up fr I gotchu
Thats my girl
Nov 15th baby right here
Omg please keep me updated I hope okay
Desayuno de aniversario
Ifb
Lovely photo
awww bby no, its ok. only internet problems
You deserve higher up this list, still proud of you Mike!
HAHA SANA AGAD AGAD NGA THANKYOUUUU WUVLOTS
The Wind Rises
Thank you! Can't believe how fast they grow!
Aaaw you're the nicest! I'm good thanks. In the homerun with my manuscript. then back to
Yous were amazing already voted 39 times for yous
Will you shay b Laban with me for the rest of your life?
My Hometown
18.10.21 fan meeting
She's sexy and hot dance
is now online
i love you honey
20102018 : see you soon , I'll wait for you
Happy belated birthday to my long hair beautiful auntie tunk love you sm & glad u in enjoyed your day , ur
No problem
Gracias Ali
For anyone a little out of sorts this morning let me take two minutes of your time, this is beautiful
MASHAALLAH. She is So beautiful your Style miss beauty
Thanks, guys for yesterday!
I wanted to thank you all for coming down to yesterday I must say it felt good to
You are already loved
thank god.
belated happy birthday nabi!!!! thank you for being there for me, and for being such a great friend!
Commented Lovely post x
This is so cute you were amazing last night,wishing all of you the best Louis is proud of you
My all time favourite pic with my sis
My Sweethearts
Stay blessed
leche bat ang gwapo ni ??????? shet mah heartttttt
notice me tell monty cute
Go to your doctor asap!! We are all here for you!!!
Eagerly waiting for biggest blockbuster
u r best
You right tho and probably just the time of year also but I really appreciate it
stephanie just taught me how to say "i hate white people" in spanish we stan a woke roommate
Love you more baby
Your thoughts are motivational Ma'am
Would like to c u someday as Bb contestant
Ialso fell in love with as he sang that song
Ifb
Congratulations you!
for getting Top 5 for the race today. You did it again, couldn't be prouder
good morning
Thanks babe I love you so much too
Fan boy moments
rayyyy!!! your journey getting to know nct so far??? hehe welcome to ncity!!! deniiiii i've been really
With
You're not my crush. But you're my lover
Goodluck bukas
Thank you soo much
Breaking bad, sons of anarchy and ozark
Final morning with this view Thanks for great stay
The Prime Minister of Israel is a great leader!
Beautiful night with beauties
my Pisces exception lol
You inspired me , as always
She is the most beautiful sarah
Beautifull Avi And That Pretty Smile
Wish I could go Houston is on fire
mi chuchito
i love you so much
Congrats for being awarded for the 3rd time in a row so happy that I was finally able to see it
Besprend forever
Indeed. Gotta Love taylorswift !!! taylornation
Have a good Sunday!
Big kiss Mister Cooper
Thanks!
girl crush q toooooooo, same tayo na paminta ata yung crushie AHAHAHAHH gbu and tca do well in school ate!!!
the things a parent does for their child
We love you, A and M
Not many people will stick by you when your in a dark place so when you find the light remember who was there for you
Bro Wish You Many More Happy Returns Of The day
A person who always disturbe u is the parson who always love u
idk whether to be happy or not when i get followers on this acc, like the fact that they relate to stuff i say is sad :( stay safe :(
I kiss him and punch whoever said that uwu
Hola buenos If you give me just one night you're gonna see me in a new light
Iloveyou moree than most
stephanie just taught me how to say "i hate white people" in spanish we stan a woke roommate
AVAILABLE: NEW RELEASED
CASIO SERIES
.
.
.
100% ORIGINAL
100% BRANDNEW COMPLETE W/ BOX MANUAL AND
Love this The options were dog or kid, we thought dog was the easiest option!
Thank you Mickey x
WeChat^100!!!!
Are you excited?
Yous were amazingx already voted 39 times
less than 5M views til Save Me will hit 300M!!
I REALLY MISSED THIS SONG!!
we love you the most
Condolences.
Your Grandma sounds like she was an amazing, and compassionate
Beautiful song... Touches my heart deeply
Miss you man!
I hope everything is going well for you
OHHHH yes po! pero mga safe & appropriate enough tweets lang po hihi. Noted po
HD Snaps!!
Balboa Press at CEBU Westown Lagoon
Happy birthday to your sista!!
May Allah Almighty shower His countless blessings upon her!
bakh3etik w u know what i mean w bhes ktir mnetefi2
Live, love and laugh
Marul ektim
Yes! Very much so!
Yes love you even more
what I meant. I can never get enough of all cute little insiders
We got a whole lot of history ...!
We are still the greatest team the world has ever seen!!
first day of work tomorrow
You, madam, are a BADASS
I love salted peanut brittle covered with dark chocolate
Ifb
Thank you rez!
Happy belated birthday beautiful
its my birthday!!! finally 19
Hey
Melly alright. You can take a break. be here for your next stream :)
naraid66
But what makes us love them even more even if they are being a bunch of dorks while drunk
dancor ng buhay q, luv u mamshie strong independent woman tayo
We are one in Jesus
Drop a "" if you Love me.
Drop a "" if you Like me.
Drop a "" if you have Crush on me.
Drop a "" if you Enjoy
2 years with the best girlfriend ever, love you
RJ was lying on his lap im
ALSO, worked hard, Joon! You made us so proud
Ifb
TURKEY monsta x litghstick tahnk you
Pretty woman
Kisses appreciates Donny.
Donny appreciates Kisses.
Kisses and Donny appreciate us.
This is home
Protect at all costs
Desi Girl
The Gorgeous Vlogger Debina Bonnerjee with New Poses
Follow
Inquiry iumarajaz
You beauty
alright bro thanks for coming
Says you!! Love you so much
No one will understand the complete feeling I feel snuggling with my boys. home
less than 5M views til Save Me will hit 300M!!
I REALLY MISSED THIS SONG!!
I
was
busy
thinking
'bout
BOYS
this!!
Yes, it is!
Thank you so much Jean
Wales will never forget
I love you too
What a cute pic question is why did a screenshot it
Kan becrash 3la el best friend
Ask me about it ..but I love you babe
OMG
cr.
Thank you for yesterday' s date Freeport A'Famosa Outlet
My baby was crying how you know she was excited blessings
Can't wait to see everyone on Tuesday
so nice protect myself, she said she wanted to say that but... anyway!
}NOLOSHA WAA MAXAY DANTA LAGA LEEYAHAY{{{
I love you. Always.
Badshah
Thats like a brave girl! make women proud!!!
Sad how men nowadays are cowards,but women show them what real bravery is!
Jin yerim aww kdncksnkc
omo~ hellooo finally! i've heard so much about you nice to meet you
FAV
Great night at Titter last night trying some new bits
Gaps can help cure the Monday Blues
already pretty great yourself
At the moment of exchanging vows between the couple the white whale insisted that he be a witness
His calm,
ABM - 9A
and RT
Just wholesome stuff
-
Thank you so much dear
The best feeling in world is when your baby wants nobody else but you
thank youuuuu
Jen and breezer's bond is so precious ! I wish I could witness their bond LIVE ! offcourse its not possible !
Ifb
You're annoying.
What US realized today,Khan did decades before
Top trending spot congrats to all our great 2018 Women
jeongcheol as hiromu and masaki from tadaima, okaeri tho ahh
TY!!! hhh i'll see if i can TL some of the maya and kuro interactions for u then
This hottie was so fun to play with!
(this is all a bit too nice for me now. waiting for the punch line!)
One all time fav film ! will forever remain one of best dialogues,
Only one Seve
i finally watched stronger
they are the cutest eh
forever & always
I Burgers.
RT First attempt at Gluten Free and happy to say a hit!
To my close friends and just anybody else be safe out there
Morning
Miss you bb
thank you for taking this amazing pic
Rihanna - Consideration
Do not seek dreams meet me and make me in your reality. Good night. Happy Weekend Alice
GO FOLLOW
ID :
Area : BALI
EXPO : Jakarta NOW
Shemale Lovers
More info cek bio!
WA :
thank u
5 years ago today Koda passed away
His ORIGINAL idea was to propose to me at my gravesite. buuut me being the too I figured out his
White on red I call it red velvet
Sammy Squad ended the world
Grazie Aniii
Gorgeous day, today. Also, birthday. 2110 can never go wrong!
Happy birthday, partner-in-criimeee.
Poor Ed had a really rough start all so glad he has a lovely family now have a good weekend guys
miss you!!
Congratulations for 5k followers !!
Many more to come
Everyone go follow LonelyGirlPink as soon as you read this!
Daddy
Thank you el
I LOVE THEM
damn, i need this kind of energy
Had the best weekend with my pops, consisting of a family party and creating more memories
! i really i am glad that this is an international event. Thank you Eva
really missing my granny rn I just want her on my birthday
lit bro
Until I like what I see... Not you
I love you and i will always miss you. Hehehehe take care wherever you at
Meeting you was fate and falling in love with you is out of my control.
omG i wanted to tell u the same sis jshsns aaaa u can talk to me naman hehez thank u !!!
Minhas duas
I rose you
Just booked my trip for my bday
20/10/18
Every homeless person a meal
I want t-shirt
I love you too
Wow Alex turner is ever more fine in person ilysm
so cute! omg sjksjskl thank you!
So ready to see my dogs
Let's
Pq ?
Curtly waiting
thank youuuuu
YOU SCARED THE CRAP OUTTA ME LAST NIGHT HAHAHAHAHA
tryna be your forever Will you be mine?
Snapchat follow train
I'll start
: Maddox.Nika
Thank you so much beautiful
is there something on the tree
Question: Who do you want to be in your next life?
Me: RJ
Thank you beautiful
Muay Thai? Very cool
But last pose was too cute and I HA
I'm sorry
That's fantastic Joanne is an amazing lady
Through weddings and bbq dinners and birthday parties and annual dinners.
the perfect partnership
Aww no thanks Chlo, I did! Love you lots! See you soon!!
Ifb
Lets make a humble promise
You follow me... I follow back
I follow you...you follow back
Retweet to gain 10
Meeting you was fate and falling in love with you was out of my control.
Thank you he's just incredibly inconsiderate and a liar.
Beautiful
Boro running through those veins mikkel!
I appreciate that trying
Nayakan is not a movie its Velu nayak's life & Kamal not acted in this movie he lived as Velu
Thanks bro means a lot legend
Terrible news, my beautiful J!
I miss ot9 and I SNSD. But, Lol. Ur recycling your old articles again.
I love all of their stuff, infact I snapped up a gorgeous green vase last night x
Paris sera toujours Paris
sorry what?
My baby thank you
Like she said.. go and sign the petition if you want more in a
gnight
Happy Birthday Baby i love you a lot
Just LOVE it
Thanks, Cher!!!
Thanks Frank yeah I've been promoted
Anna with Anna at shoot
Thank you so much dear
mali si anon ha? you are pretty, pls remember that!
Anna with Anna at shoot
that one hug from tita
made my daaaay !
Day 3
Armin Arelet
Winter is coming
Before we knew it our show closed! We have loved our time on Departures and with the fabulous
SCRABBLE IS SO MUCH FUN!! THE BEST GAME EVER! I love how close Taylor and her mom Andrea are && look
I need your warm embrace
All the love
A South African proverb
Proud to be butuanon
you pretty baby
Ifb
This song is beautiful, and the video is just amazing. Truly talented!
I love you too
Non
Last But Not Least You Telling Me You Loves Me & I Tells You I Loves You Back
Oy elow skl wala ako cute classmate pero dami beki 7/10 actually hehe en i lavet so much aju
Heyy sorry I celebrate with you today.
Happy birthday
Have fun (but not too much).
A list full of taste
BAE is so cute
happy birthday!! Imissyou && love lots!!
Congrats Keep Going
Rising Actress | Tamil Ponnu
Sunday with boy
sorry bae not gone laugh no more
Beautiful and completely heartbreaking, Helen. Your bravery in speaking out is helping people find their voice too. Much love
Ganon naman tingin ko sayo charles, always remember that!
L'apparition de Suga ejfsjdjqoao
This album takes special place in my heart happy birthday Joanne! :)
Still feel the same way as the day I entered Moratuwa!
kemem was super fun tonight! Emman ar jen jinoun jamlok. Loved it! RJ that fat girl give me
morning Lesli
Brothers
Congrats
Oh the past it haunted me
Oh the past it wanted me Dead
Oh the past it tormented me
Sia
Sive
Beautiful
Cutiepatotie bunsooy!
ka cute jud ni bb ayesha buyag2 oyyyy hehe my first inaanak
Well, you singing is what the feeling sounds like ... keep that vibe.
Sugarol by Maris Racal
Genius
Perfect night
I love this woman
Much needed step for the growth
Of regionally backward(HK region) area of Karnataka. My place
for a tbhhh
aww I also improved my English, I have always had problems
Lovely.
You look amazing, God Bless
Speak the truth babe :*
Okay you win but:
Just for you
All the best to our club president!
OH MY GOOOODDDDDD CONGRATULATIONS THIS BROUGHT ME TO TEARS ! THIS IS BEAUTIFUL LOTS OF LOVEE
thank u babe
Thank you love!
Have a safe flight
So sad and beautiful at the same time.
Evergreen proposal my lovely angel
Appudu Unnadi okate jindhagi lo ala Touch chesavu.
Suayeon
Listening to Joan Jett. I love rock n roll
fr, i wanna please u, i wanna make u moan Lmaooooo highly unlikely most
Hope you skelped the bitch! Fuck her hun stunning
Happy birthday Kaycee, you are the best dancer , kisses
The heart get what it wants.
Geez
In 2018 I learned to open up my heart again, and boy oh boy am I glad I did.
Aaah mais Je t'aime trop toi
Thank u taty
Rayyithunge Vakeelun.
Eh da.! bgad msh 3arf 22olek eh shokran gdan bgad w nte aked 3arfa nte blnsbaly eh w Aked na
Ifb
Does Heartbeat get a mention, Gary?!
Micheal daughter looks so much like him so good to see his legacy living on despite his death.
Lool Mommy said "All of the above" Happy birthday B
Fall in love again with winwin
Omg thank you so much
Happy birthday darling. I wish you everything good life has to offer
You need a higher position on this shitlist, still proud of you Jobke!
RT xunhuas: RT babyosh0412:
Thank you
So sorry I see now. I am so But yes, God truly know our hearts
"mine " comment
Love you KAJAL
+ =
&
Buwan by Juan Karlos.
Thank you so much beautiful
Kajal looks stunning letest pic
Paysage perdu : Joyce Carol Oates
Such good music deserves more support.
Simply beautiful
Hope they sort it out
I worrying to the point I make myself actually sick! what a life i have!
Aww and you own mine too
Me encanta como Kerim.
I talking about boxing but there are a few videos on online that show some horrendous boxing
thanks
those two things were fucking going to kill me but detective meshal got them
I did and work for a new Scruffy Fluffies
Kabhi usee noor noor kehta hoon
Kabhi use hoor hoor kehta hun
Ishq main choor choor rehta hoon
Why they are
watching the episodes in UK for the first time. I love the show box set is on my Christmas list.
Last minute city tour
to my one and only!!
Chat with horny Lady in Your Area.
Grace Jones Ballerina. with
Grace Jones Ballerina at Cinandre's Hair
your love is the only thing i need to face all the challenges of life.
you were the gift i will be forever thankful for. i love you always, bibi.
i love you so much, my love! thank you for everything!
BI
hi hehe di tayo masyadong close pero ang pretty mo i hope in a good place right now, God bless and hang soon
We will never forget
Love... in any language... Straight from the heart Pulls us all together & never apart. And, once we learn to
so proud of bts and I freaking miss China okay goodnight
THANK YOU
The most beautiful flower prince.
Well this is lovely way to end the weekend
These two are my everything
I hope everything is okay.
(19.10.2018) Jennifer & Her twins in
.
.
Happy na ako sa lovelife ng vicejack. Vice and Calvin. Jackie and Tom. Hays. Love, love, love Isa na lang
Thanks
Harry Potter actually getting good
Natcho
Thanks brother
Good chat. buy the lie Satan has for you, choose Jesus, blessings to you.
Night
I really do appreciate Maria for being there for me mentally and physically throughout this pregnancy I appreciate her 100%
+ Us =
Yes you may never get over love scenario, but not goodbye road yet.
Np!
Thanks guys! Love you!
But it was you the me and my pals followed round the club scene back in the day. Remember Best London nights EVER
Small steps
my baby the most handsome human in the world
Thank you so much dear
C
have a baby with me See I gotta know you first or else I go through with it
You're awesome. Period. Philly Pride! Have you ever noticed the best HK chefs are from Philly? Eh eh?
| TODO ESO TU JAHDSISHZHZSJB
SI A TODO.
It makes me want to cry, first with sadness then with happiness.
Hi cousin . A QUEEEEEEEN
Classes are done! Finally! Gonna celebrate my birthday with my family
Ton tweet
Wish granted huhu peach manggo pieee
in those Nike blazer.
One of the best
Marvel and Bucky have a pending adoption with a lovely family after their meet and greet today Mel xxx
Definitely
WHERE/WHEN in Canada?
happy birthday Ororiseng, miss you so much
clingy bunch
such a shame so ground dependant but what a run
Holiday essentials
xxx
Morning Henry have a fab Sunday to
Happy Sunday everyone
Thank you bby
My gf is still asleep and god I love her
grilled cheese at 2AM >
Yoo, i made it. Boarding the flight. Alhamdulilah
Thanks Jatin!
Neha! We have a mutual admiration club
SonicFox continuing to be the best dude in all of E-SPORTS.
Saturday night, family night!
Watched my brother's symphony orchestra recital and had dinner at Barcino
22 yo BASE
why am i still awake 4am talking about life with my mom in law, i love life
BUDDY Go to bed Austin, past your bedtime.
Wowww girl. Praying that you feel better soon and get some relief
I shipped donny and claudia.
Check out Jan's sister's cute Dougie and Frankie they look fancier than I do any day!
Message me
Kim Chiu Xian Lim KimXi
The golden days
The cutest
Don't know where you're at! But I hope you are doing good! You AWESOME Redhead you
We're in the same timezone
See you PUP Maragondon
Unseen pic of Thalapathy from spot
This is just the motivation I needed
Streamed for 9 hours today and honestly it felt great. Talking to a bunch of old faces, it was great. Feels great to be back
that's you sis
Old friend, new friend, best friend. What a great day
thank you kenneth!!
Save the date the dream comes true
Also to as well.
GOOD GRIEF, IVE BEEN REAPING WHAT I SOW,
I AINT BEEN OUTSIDE FOR A MINUTE, IVE BEEN LIVING WHAT I WROTE.
THIS GUY GOT A BKC TATT
Thank you so much
i miss u so much please comeback the old us
merci beaucoup
UBEL
You're welcome!
We love cute roommates
One of the most popular guest stars to appear in Heartbeat!
You have the world's greatest dad
Wow
My beautiful family
How trying be with son( Ps: the sloth)
Wish me
finally, bought my cosmetics needed
Good to let it out
Love those lilypads!
Thank you so much
I need God in every
single moment of my life
my birthday
Precipus baby i love him
My greatest blessing, his heart is the purest with the best mindset and I am grateful that my bestfriend
She is very cute
Delibal
GO FOLLOW
ID :
Area : JAKARTA
EXPO :
PANLOK Lovers
More info cek bio!
DM
Milkshake
Hello just want to say a quick hello, a big I love you and enjoy your English day. Can't way to see you in Paris
Duet 11.2012
Im so Grateful for my mom My back was hurting and she didnt complain about how tired she ws after the kemem..
One year of this ad and that Mai Hamesha saath nibhaunga will always be my favourite ..they both
Pleas and retweet! It will be ang big help guys! Thank youuuu
I came back after lunch and I saw this gift in my bag, thank you
kapokpokan hits
Check out this weeks looks
Limited stock available, message me today for more product details & to get your
I was fortunate to these cute little of Amanda's - Oreo and Teddy Let me know what you think!
"your smile is the best, momo-chan..
just what i preferred, your smiling face is always my number one favorite."
Siiiii, worry
FlexJobs Sale: Up to 50% Off Membership for National Flex Day!
ily goodluck on your finals!!! tnx for reminding me to step up my game grrr HAHAHAHA
Loved it many thanks ur the best
STAY with them for as long as we can
deeply in love with this girlshe all I need my everything I love her with everything in me and more
Incorrupt heart of St. Padre Pio
So many people watching it! Come in to mohini 's broadcast and check out what is going
sarah you're the best I love you so so much, I'm so happy we're mutuals, thank youuu
Love listening to the police ..... a do do do a dar dar dar ....@LincsFM ......best band in the world after UB40 of course ....
happy birthday carrie, i miss you so much
Actual thread for PFTWTourManila
Includes:
videos and pictures that are between shitty and not bad.
dying
with me.
post bday celeb for yogebear89 KKD STK + BBQ
Have a sunny and wonderful Sunday you too Steph
Crypto is here to stay
Such beautiful n kind hearted person
Most deserver winner !!
.
.
such a sweet
Fav
Bad vibe, she been on my mind
jgh
my -food, feed, fun! For the one who makes everyone around so happy, a very veriest happy
I love being black , I swear we find the good in all things.
Try daaaw yieee
Rip my why so handsome ?
Pic cr
Breakfast Club with Minnie Lola Puca and Milo waiting for Dougie and Pippin
face pads
Reusable produce bag
Reusable menstral cup
Reusable straws and brush
Non toxic,
RT bellanaija: BN Sweet Spot: Olamide & his Son Having a Good Time in Disneyland
When you're good, we good too
Scarborough yesterday
Please Subscribe to the Channel :
--- More Information & App Download ---
WhatsApp really took away the delete for everyone option
If you see screenshots of a conversation of mine, peace be with you
This is such a beautiful photo
Now she do it for my nieces and they cousins
I know, and I thank you for that. I love you
Gracias
Please Subscribe to the Channel :
--- More Information & App Download ---
Thank you so much for joining us! We appreciate you and thank you for the snap filter.
juskoooo! the parentals. can't beat these two
Great moment w/the great people
thankyou
At the colourette.cosmetics 3rd anniversary party. Thank you for the invite. I really this
beauty of pakistan
watching the we love icons supporting icons
Should've been at least in the top 10. He'll always be my number 1.
HE'S FOOKIN HAPPY UGH LOVE THAT FOR THEM
happy birthday again and again Ramyy Nshallah all your dreams and plans come true habibi u deserve
movie stars blaming Russia . Good god what a sad shallow bunch they are. Thank f for Susan Sarandon
thanks vic ! much love babes
Mi payaso fav
Thank you partner in crime
Thanks to these people made my night extra special. i love you, all!!!
Thanks, Bey!!
Thank you, that is so nice!
Now this is the proper time to say - faith in humanity restored.
In 44 Hours
Marching Towards 20 Million Views
Thankyou so much LDM FAM for being my second home
Admin follback aku dongg T_T
Sunday lay-in with my girl - PERFECT!!!
Hope you are okay! (: x
Owwwnnn je aussi babeeee
Congratulations Kathy Hee Andrade and Sir Remwell Andrade
May your marriage blessed with love be
Watch 's journey video on voot to know more about her
01 was the bomb lord next time it will be better
uwuuuu! enjooooy and thank you for the audio stream!
family
Tournament today was great
: eiron
Omg daming tao the support
I live in Italy
My boi angry is all grown up
No. Need to apologize Souza it is just 3point ..looking to tomorrow ..Allahi fans love you
Morning from windy#FaroeIsland
.
.
We are here on Monday waiting itching for that Kendall stream fix
Twitter thank u
Thank you guys for chillin with me on todays stream, also much love to for the host c u guys tomorrow
bonita dessas !!
Thank you!
We love you
You're welcome!
And also in general tbqhwyrn
Jare moje matoro
I THOUGHT it was a kitty!
It was a Great showwwww!! Thank you for doing your besttt!! It was so gooddddd!!
Must watch this weekly.
14 Projects, 400+ People
A Day of Hope
happy birthday u beautiful bean I'm so glad we met through the group chat, you're so amazing and deserve the whole world
love you
I know way too early but are the only good days now a days for me so judge
Dogs always have special place in my heart
"Too easy for ma boys" AWWW I'm sure there's a winner in this category!
ready for ! I can never participate on Saturdays because of work so super happy on a Sunday this month
Pinapanood niya talaga performers
thank you babe
like a legendary pokemon
4 mas para hoy
Congraaats to all students!! All your effort and reviews are worth it! Proud coach here!
How cute is my mam
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA KATAWAA NAKO ANI HAHAHAHAHAHA SALAMAT VIENNNSKIEEE TO MORE BAZURA NIGHTS WITH U
Family is National Shrine of the Sacred Heart of Jesus
i love coffee too. Hehehehe
This view get old
HelUuU yie thank uu, goodluck rin sa life
Commande de pour ! :D
Merci a vous (et bon anniversaire encore!)
ARIANNA X NADINE = ARIANNADINE
[Photo manip by yours truly:]
thank u for always working hard,,,,
i wanna just say i love love love u so much
Happy anniversary
Bhai and bhabi
i seen my babyyy drake, migos, post malone, lil pump, blockboy jb, and yg all in one night damn. definitely a night to remember. 10-20-18
In 44 Hours
Marching Towards 20 Million Views
Hi Team Alden!
Thank you worked
yea tru
I adore you as well
Drop a "" if you Love me.
Drop a "" if you Like me.
Drop a "" if you have Crush on me.
Drop a "" if you Enjoy
When ur a strong Bitch..
EXO Lightstick Version 1 EXO Lightstick Version 2 ...
I left my in Bali
Thank you so so much!
Same to you!
I wish I could come but I I hope everyone who is going enjoys it plz reply to think
I knowwww ily
Pain throws your heart to the ground..
Love turns the whole thing around..
No things won't go to the way
then yakimix
i am unveil is already starting!!
Such a talented artist. It's a pleasure to lend a hand.
"At the end of the day we're all just people."
See, this is why I love Ahad
Those conversations you skip sleep for.
ily2 king
FINALLY HOMEEEE
No one tell me happy birthday tomorrow thank you
thanks mistress
You have really truly honestly
You've done a lot, too much even
I'm spanish stay
Assam was my first home and I couldn't have asked for a better childhood.
Like Pee Cee says in the video,
No, it called truth you dumb ass fag bitch
i am blessed to have & in my life. full sending it forever
The place looks lovely.
Enjoy your time.
so sorry, always be there in your heart and watching over you
Birthday!
27 de Junio de 2017
She will always be "Kim Mi So" for us at lalu na ke PSJ.
Read between the lines na lang daw tayo guys.
The most lovely Namjin Music Video Honey Jams
cr. To the owner I don't know who is
Oh :( get well soon
1years miss youub
Day 5. We made it to Kobe!
Arima Onsen
You look so happy and carefree Lise everyone looks so cute! so happy
Peng You and Canon in D combination This performance of iKON was way back in 2016 and I just saw this on yt.
So long Newcastle, you have us everything we wanted and more
u would be my first, so idk, u have to teach me how to please u Ooooouuu so I get to be a teacher for the
I Sunday Mornings
Whats your ecocash number?
Happy birthday!!
still one of my favorites love you for what you do and stand for. keep doin u! wait to see where
with
haye..achi hy writing appreciated
ye filter hy ya likha bhe hy?
Are you ready ? this Depavali
Jonah?
In 44 Hours
Marching Towards 20 Million Views
Beautiful work
Thankyou babes xx
Go ate shewiiii go home with the crown
happy birthday
I love you so much more boyfriend! thank you genibop
happy birthday!
What a darling.
THANK U
Sleeping on dad!
A very happy and blessed Sunday di followers
So what more can I say?
Seeing you guys tomorrow :)
I want
No called truth you dumbass fag bitch
Red head
I thank ye; and be blessed for your good comfort!
Happy Birthday
In 44 Hours
Marching Towards 20 Million Views
GOOD GRIEF, IVE BEEN REAPING WHAT I SOW,
AND I AINT BEEN OUTSIDE FOR A MINUTE IVE BEEN LIVING WHAT I WROTE
happy birthday, ma'am Clavano
Happy Birthday Hope you have an amazing day!
Follow My Page For Daily Inspirational Quotes
Scrolling Snapchat and found this sticker on the featured. . I absolutely love the saying
You're really one of my fav ELFs on tt and this tweet once again reminds me why
Aw! Enjoy Faulkerson stay happy!
I love you Ace family and I love you more then life itselfCongratulations on your little baby girl
Be my ZERO
I will be your FDFS
Green
First time sumuot ng green new option sa color nakakaputi pla SM City San Mateo -Official
OMG !!! I noticed the ring on their fingers!!! Theo & Trish
Thank you
Thank you Christine :)
I freakin love Brittany
You're my Serotonin.
In Spain
.
.
*
//
Bonjour bises bon dimanche mes followers
Thanks so much John. So lovely to meet and get to chat with you
Bet king let him slide in yo behalf sorry Phillip
No problem
Spread the love
The hardest part was when I need to go home and say goodbye ): pero akii sooooon again hihi luv u!
Learning the art of waiting
yieee
The hardest part was when I need to go home and say goodbye ): pero akii sooooon again hihi luv u!
mass is done
Since they came and saw me in Louisiana. I definitely will be taking that trip to Japan to return the favor
cuties
GIRL thank you so much my love
Ain't no sign of love
It done ran without no trace
Sunday mass with siz (@ Cathedral of Lipa (San Sebastian Cathedral) in Lipa City, Batangas w/
happy birthdayyy babe, looking forward pa rin to see u
Took a warm bath and my muscles feel relaxed
Waking up crying from a dream, well I guess it was more of the nightmare ughhhh... Gonna cuddle Levi a little harder tonight
Wherever you lead me, I know you leave me, wherever you call me, YOU WILL MAKE A WAY
you are not owed commissions, not a taxi rank system. moan no one buys your art to guilt trip
....and all will be alright in time
Star city
My pleasure hun
thank you cherriel!! imissyoumore and iloveyoumore
holy 100favs for a wip, cant wait to post it for the RC
Danielle I think I actually love you! Thank you for speaking out
For the first time in forever
stay with me please.. Without u am nothing.. Thanks for everything by
Zalig Christmas vibes!! Do ready Thx
Thank you hun
Congratulations and thsnk you both for all you do for us
Je Zinedine
Good catcha! Love this pic
Positively delicious
What I like to see !! My main jumps man Mr Cook hard at work
I hope you can make this happened one week screening please we're truly appreciate you
And edit of me and
Ps: it will never happens
so cute
It is said in the ruling and proverbs
(AN APPLE A DAY KEEPS THE DOCTOR AWAY)
and I say.. (Fura da
Get well soon Thankyou po
His version is so damn goooood ahhhh!
thank you ate!!! God bless
Exams are done
I love how teuk always appreciates his fans alot no regrets placing you as my first place
"It's a club I have very fond memories of and always want to do well." Chris Hughton
This tweet, "RT Bonita__Angel: In 10 minutes my last tweet!
Follow me
Turn on my notifications for more
Hellooo handsome. Awesome click by your fan.
Bon Community Day tous !
Yous were amazing
Awful Jess, sending lots of love
are you in Europe ?
Thank you Sorry to hear your dad's not well... hope he will feel better soon
bamboo raised a beast
As You Like It - Celia....
My 1st born JX Marina Bay Sands
Turn my notifications
FOLLOW everyone who RETWEETS + this
otp w/ twin ..
one oerson who listen & not give up on me thats all
On this day in 2016, released her chart-topping album 'Joanne', named after her late aunt.
Follow interactive girl achi larkia ha
You're welcome i love your style so much :D
Annyeong oppa
You melt my heart with your smile OMG
Great night with great friends
both so beautiful !!
getaylorcat
EVERYONE LOVES THE PHARELL MMD!!! NMD AFRO PACK. Rounding out the c... via
My life is complete. Love you
Very proud of the old dear and everyone who came yesterday to raise over a thousand pounds for breast cancer
Teamwork!!!!!
Rt back and like pls?
Just a hug from you
Happy 5th birthday, silly boi!
By far Dalton and Armstrong are my favorite.
What inspirations they are
For Sale Very sharp 2016 GLE 350 MERCEDES BENZ Direct tokunbo with special features such as automatic
our rhythm commander Birthday today
Car selfies are one of 6 ways to make driving sexy
As Sunday ritual I want to remember you to spend time with your family!
Because these moments never come
Love you all! hehehe
Happy everyone with Babe
"Insatiable Beauties" for SOON!
for my whole life even, be my husband Ooooo lemme stop you there lol I almost got married and definitely
Pretty Soul always
You in England? Because dying to meet you!
When boys hug you from behind.
we paying for their ps plus/gold, shoes, & cooking for him 3 times a day in 2019
Bryson Tiller did not top his first album but I still believe True To Self is gold!
The 1975
my crushie
The gorge Louise
Picture 1 - 6 weeks after having her baby
Picture 2 - 4 stone lost without any diets,
Side view of me. Happy Sunday
Your such an inspiration Absolutely SMASHED it once again, all 3 of my votes used
Good mornig
Thank you to our beautiful friends ruthharper67 for a lovely evening. Delicious food and great company
You're welcome! Whenever I hear any news I'll let you know
Happy 62nd Birthday to this angel, we all love and miss you so much. You inspire us always Momby
I love this
I love you! Congratulations Kandee!
October 22st
38 gems
First step guaranteed!
Allama Sahab love of my life
fucking beautiful, ily
HAHAHAHAHA pretty
I onle Belive in NETAJI
Friendship Goals
you said say hello back .. it never works!!! I love you little bee did you clean
Pehle tung karna
Thank you so much for give me hadiah yeee
happy birthday dear Anne, love you
Happy 1st Birthday to this little cheeky monkey Love you lots
Ang cute HAHAHAHA! EXO-L ang teacher neto!!
Yes yes! Praying for everyone!
ily!!!
You see how hyped Americans are to feature someone from the motherland. We great yo!
She deserves this ..
Ayieeee
Perfume kaisi lgi?? yr maine pdha tha tmhare tweets me bt bhul gyi thi its based on real story
Wow!!! Congrats. I rooted for you guys what a perfect love story!!!!!!
so sorry! I hope okay. If you ever need to rant or scream, my messages are open
ISA. DALAWA. TATLO.
by: Britney Sabulao
Love you paps you and
I love this man!
salamat sa
My 6 yr old daughter is now a fan of volleyball, too, always watching with mommy. Hi Andi mom loves you!
baby i need you, need you
Te amo mi reina
good terms or not, lord watch over the ones i love
Yeh Mein Abeer K Liye Friendship Band Bhi Leke Aayi
Happy retirement PD Floyd. Stand down, good dog!
Thank you god for putting some great people in my life
Ye question pochnay wala to tha nahe
Obviously ghar
My 70's boy
My 70's boy
My whole life I've never seen a (god) which gets injured
Wish I could send a cake your way
Sex
The walking dead
Sex
Cigo
The walking dead
Sex
A takhle celou
They're always be in my heart
thank youuuuu
NMAT IS DONE!!
Thanks to everyone who prayed for us!
Shoutout to the One who gave me strength and wisdom
All styles my love all styles coming sweetie
date with kiddos
His smile is like medicine for me
ashton irwin you're the most wonderful person I know, I admire you a lot follow me sweetheart? please realize my dream! te
I Love you and ur soulful voice ate Aww so muchh love
Of course ollie
He never felt something like this.. He never saw this purity is love
Aww any time hun, thank you too! x
Thank you
Thankyou Lord for having the opportunity to be a marshal.
Karol via - instastories
your online customer service team are amazing!!! Always quick to respond and super helpful, thank you
Morning. How are you feeling now? I hope that feeling better.
Are you coming to Europe as well? ly
have fun, babe!
Off Again
Going to lead with the 90+iv cords for first time of beldum community day
Do follow me
If you are following
Retweet
Welcome back to social media sissy
I complain like that as life has so many other important things but thanks for the info.
I liked a video BF & GF REACT TO EXO EXO-L | Sweet & Flirty Moments (Pt2) (EXO
Wow is a freaking babe. I love her
D-Don't look at me like that senpai!
Senpai, is so cute today!
I'm always right there... Behind you senpai...
Love you more baby
Thanks dir sending me the pictures Not
GO FOLLOW
ID :
Area : JAKARTA
EXPO : -
BBW Lovers
More info cek bio!
WA : 089515052113
.!
SHET HAHAHAHAHAHHA BOSET KA THANK U PADEN BEBE BERNA
LO QUE LA
Reminder: God always protects the ones with a good heart
A little bikini warmup before game time
YASSS It's time for a great show LSShayluv:
Bye bye BE ONE
hope to see you next year!!
After all, still a lucky girl
i saw u yesterday at E.K you're so pretty po i took a pic with u pa nga eh hihi
GO FOLLOW
ID :
ID :
Area : JAKARTA
EXPO : -
BBW Lovers
More info
Happy birthday
ankle boots is
Ma sha Allah...
Happy Anniversary.
May Allah continue to put his barakah in the union. Ameen
GO FOLLOW
Ready VCS
ID :
Area : JAKBAR
EXPO : -
BUSUI LOVERS
More info cek bio!
WA :
Thank you
Hi soldiers! New day new adventure
Actually its not that hard to hook up with daddies, just give them the love they deserve Mostly daddies na
Thank you God for this brand new day.
I wish you all a Happy Sunday!
Good Morning from Brazil ily love u guys
so happy for you and
Reached 470 followers
Thanks for the support sirfans
30 followers more to go for 500...
Follow
My bloody big ship
I got my copy. Can't wait to read it!
Thank you so much I'm real glad you liked it ;_;
This bride is going to look the prettiest In Sha Allah
Focus
so true
will be free
Always
Namaste Dhananand how's going your shoot life?
I love this Song
we are one, thank you take some rest, you deserve it we are proud of you
wait to hear what you have made
I'm proud of you Namjoon.
Same with the rest of Bangtan.
This is how it's supposed to be done
Lol. Not strong, just FAT, the animal.
Thanks love!
Cool Thank God
Wow, Amazing! Lonelyy is broadcasting on ,come to join!
Sounds amazing
Church was good.
Have a great day
We are all equal
Love watching you Dance
sleepy Dougie
Happy birthday kak Asmara
Yeeeeeeyyyyyyy Pre-order links asap, please!
(Overton Grange School, sm2 6tq, 7.30pm)
COME AND JOIN US
EVERYONE WELCOME
FIRST
Cause Real That Came From Heart
Un anno insieme.
But the best is yet to come
Night out isnt a night out without
got what they deserved, we love you guys!!
I coffee
Omg! so happy for you guys! someday ... Did you expect to get the invitation?
The youngest world champion in wwe
No worries w mom. All craves tertunai
Thank you
Focus on Jesus
Got who I need anyways, to blessed to be stressed
U are so pretty baiii then u're so good mag volleyball omg anon why u make me so kilig char jk lang naa
yeeeyyy!! lit reunited
So proud of you my baby you deserve it
Bollywood ka Baap Aa Raha Hain
Mark The Date 21st December 2018
THE SHOW IS JUST ABOU TO START AND HERE WE ARE TRENDING NO.4
When I wake up before my babe this how I be looking at him
Thx my man and congratz for aviate
A.B.C-Z Love
I would love to have a glass or Two!
thank u b for the note huhu u da best room mate super meaningful & ang touching lang na mabasa
'I'll never label my sexuality, love is love'
My trinity
Gah damn I reading my twitter handle
Save the date
Prince Janet
God bless, hopefully the great outdoors will ease them sunglasses on. Who thought be saying that x
Thanks.
With my little man, Y.E. Arecibo
Nothing but for you
a fleeting bond pero full of the happiest memories and chikaness ubirlud that I will never trade for anything. so thank u
I love you too
in so love this part of the Year ... just the temperature does not shows it 20degrees
Is it too early to ask Santa for a Airwrap?
my happy pill
people who tell me they're happy deserve everything in the world wow. i love people so much. strive for happiness and wellness.
A beautiful lilac and cream cupcake bouquet for a table centrepiece if only all centrepieces could be as yummy
In 44 Hours
Marching Towards 20 Million Views
Maybe if we are lucky we get a teaser & a poster
*Hi,get 50Rs Paytm cash.*
*Why not take 15 seconds to get it?*
*click here to get*
COMO FAZER SAIA NUVEM - SAIA DE ONDAS | IDER ALVES
ROMAN ABRAMOVICH IS THAT GUY
Cause Real That Came From My Heart
Love it!
So this is love
Hang on fille. Everything is going to be worth it, in the end.
my favorite song
Hope your all okay
thank u b for the note huhu u da best room mate super meaningful & ang touching lang na mabasa
She is most beautiful thing i hv ever seen n it took only her smile to realize that beauty was
MAIS
RETWEET ESSE POST
FAVORITE ESSE POST
SDV NESSE
SIGAM DV
Toad lily my house.
The language of flower is
Yours .
How romantic
Joined October 2009, now October 2018. Happy 9 Years,
Literally explain how happy Lucy and G make me
I just wanna tell you that you're one of the greatest actors
You portrayed Mahadev character in Mahakaali so
Happy Birthday, Princess!
singing my favorite love song.
Thanks, honeybee It's just so cruel and brutal, Batten Disease. Caitlin had the late infantile
Fav exo song, First Love or December 2014. uwu
If you only knew how much I love you, you would cry for joy seriously... Plaza Burgos, Vigan City
This is beautiful one of the first CD albums I ever got.
Thank you means a lot
thanks for the
Congratulations again my love I am so proud of you and so beautiful to witness God bless you so
Love you so much
Thank you, I really love it I like beautiful angst and your writing for that one was full of poetry and gives
Can't wait for the time where everyone owns their own sarangni bong!
Bb sky!
You deserve to be very proud of yourself
Hehe!
Gracias
DM me to tribute or to talk
Yes his baby
convinced grandma did hoodoo from the way she speaks in all night that southern resilience is something
happy birthday pretty
jus happy watching this video
In 44 Hours
Marching Towards 20 Million Views
Singapore ... such a colourful place! at Arab Street
Love you too I was thinking about you legit 2 days ago
Special thanks goes to Extreme Hard Club for this amazing Night!
Mother land
Yuzu T_T a toughtful man
Group ELC1211A16
Guide to verb tenses Papar, Sabah
this is probably what going to do, thank you
Yes you said it all Thanks for this
When Rajdeep was trying to molest Mauli, She told everything to Nandini
so grateful for all of you!!
See you in Manchester for some wavey times
7 years as Mrs Carpenter
My baby bunnies all had a little play and some cuddles
Cheers my man see you there
Thanks brother for the little time I get to spend playing these
I speaking...
la Icansee
Detailing on point !!!
What a breathtakingly gorgeous piece by our favourite ALIXEESHAN Exquisite Detailing and
Jazz at Six
Happy Birthday!
Fav exo song, First Love or December 2014. uwu
Hoping that all of us still like this when that happen
It makes the dream work
4th custom
Oh god I am so slowly in draw
My art take long time and I have job
I will try be faster
Hi I made these costumes from scratch in less than 24 ours and proud of myself our Halloween
Lowkey person with a good heart.
i will now for a bit luv u
Ohhh really like it
Unseen !
hapi birthday to my favorite blonde grill (don't worry Mari you're also my favorite)
Getting butterflies in my tummy! Our show zdravotereza premiers today on Ljubljana,
Today is the goodbye stage Thank your for your hardworking esp during this promotion iKON
i theeem
future dropped a new album love it
Thanks boi
Love you forever
we are the protect cheol duo
Watch this Vlog, then watch our play Thank you
Love them together
Pure Friendship
Eating 1/4 of buko pie is
I have my hair a good trim & my curls feel replenished already
oh my gosh thank you so much!! i seriously love you so much
thank you lourdes!!
~ 69 it is.
and happy birthday to this granny
bet
I got to take babe to her first hockey game and she fell in love with the Honda Center
Never go in search of love
Go in search of life
And life will find you the love you seek
Morning Chris, really enjoyed all your beautiful Lakes pics
Have a lovely Sunday
Ganda
I love it!!
One More Chance
Goodnight
Queen Caragh
Grumpy little sleeper
best people
There are just some people that I will never understand. Letting God deal with them
Lovely photo
my kid tho! But seriously Jam, thank you for being the constant! beeeeen this far
No worries! Its a great au
- Online New Dating For Sex -
Casual sex
My favorite Pic of di with Laxmi Aunty
Only 28 Day To Go
It's so exciting and emotional to see getting back to her top form after long
The wedding sequence in the second half with 'can't help falling in love with you' has my heart
Has a
Today is the goodbye stage Thank you for your hardworking esp during this promotion iKON
Thank you for the chance to win your hamper of essential items.
I love having a constant best friend to grow with and learn from. Just when you think you love that
A big thank you to all our fantastic donors this week!
Read this and you know why i want these Tickets so bad
If in London you should be here today! All of the rum, and lots of fun too
on and
Siate forti, non lasciatevi abbattere. Fighting
-Manu
Charlie watching TV.
Vet programme got his attention.
Bonding time with my eldest daughter... at Secret Recipe Singapore
Happy Sunday, lovely people. Do something nice for yourself today - you deserve it.
me too
Got Naru-nee from suptix Time to slime w
Fue buena Night!
feeling the love. I love
OMG!!!! When is the album out ? ....santa needs to bring me it early!!!!
This is what I felt too... It was more about ageless love
Yes appreciate him!
HAVE FUN ANGIE LOVE YOUUU
Looking forward to getting this deck
I always have the best time with you, happy bday beautiful
joyeux anniversaire ma
Lovely
dm me love
Hi Angel
Had u lunch
How are you
Rob and his new BFF
Hi princess
My daughter is such a happy baby, I get enough!
spending my sunday with lots of tea, lots of planning, and lots of movies
Beautiful pre breakfast with my boys
omg so lucky! a gem!
: kamusta Aldubnation...
Meeeee... But it would be evening instead if I take a flight now hehe.. U are Amazing sweetheart
I just wanna hold her
and I miss her mentions
Karol via - instastories
And when life puts you down. Turn to Allah before you Return to Allah
Are u looking for a real sugar baby?? Someone for love attention an loyalty inbox me no scams please.
shh Iloveyousomuch
Thanks y'all.
From
Sending love and strength
His Loving Nature
The Way He Cares For His Fans
Such A Humble And Down To Earth Person
May Allah
ACADEMY MORNING!!!
arte
LEAH has the biggest tits for a 23 years old Girl and LIVE NOW!
ready to make her squirt?
Awww. what a bae
Saggy ankles are a wrinkle lovers delight
Buwan/
My everything
Thank you gorgeous and ya i always think people are like okayyy we get it but idc
Hi! Ada yang berminat nak jadi agent Tepung Kek Bonda? Contact now
I truly love and adore Kevin be so lost without him through out this life
looking forward to seeing more of your recipes on Am a sucker for a Curry
naraid66
knkbzv1kj$%n
it would be nice to be close to my little sister again
Love it
Howard ohh. Bongga gid inyo cheerdance
Retweet fast if you follow back all and are active now
Sunsets on a beautiful life.
I love you.
going to miss you.
good luck love, you got this, CAPTAIN!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BIG HEAD I hope you having a good day
Will be busy tomorrow so we had an advance lunch celebration simplest yet the best
What a happy bouncy soul
Thanks for your love
"I'll follow you anywhere"
yup exactly awesome view from the top most fav place
Our wedding was beautiful proud to call you my husband
Second Mzansi Bioskop movie of the day
You got this
yup exactly awesome view from the top most fav place
I love this fandom so much!!! salamat for staying!!! mahal namin kayo sobra!
happy birthday beautiful
not a goodbye a see ya soon
This still makes me laugh a year after it happened you hurt yourself
happy birthday hunny
New crush
The Alchemist by
Hey Kathy glad to have you on board and Welcome to the Hashtag Community!
ceylanlar
Buenos
SALVAR A CARLOS Y MARTA FAVORITA
Saturday fun
Thanks for giving me hope.
Yes but i play with your heart
RT hadexoxox: Christmas wish list...
Awwwww no!!! Hope ok
Karol via - instastories
ilysb
Your new , grey role as Dhananand is stealing our hearts and ur acting skills cannot be
you were amazing as always
Absolutely gorgeous
In 44 Hours
Marching Towards 20 Million Views
every part of me wants you
Awkward Silence
sexual assault survivor...like you thanks for your Love
Liestal today Mannheim
Love this! Hoped it would be the professionals dance tonight, lol!
Awkward silence
thank you Jane
Think outside the box, but acknowledge inside
.
mercari_uk .
ugg .
THIS IS THE CUTE GAY CONTENT I LIVE FOR THANK YOU WISH YOU THE BEST
love how the second amd third pictures are the same but whatever you look good
Messy bj from Lexi Rose
Haha thanks sisi
I really admire those who have morena skin tone. I would also like my complexion to be a little darker than my normal skin color.
so glad you are
A FRIEND, A BROTHER, A BESTFRIEND. I MISS YOU BRAD!!!
Stroll at foodtrip
Thanks! I will!
181020 in
My
This is my favorite night.
Thank you for visiting Cebu wala
Gracias
This is for all students out there like me, don't let a failed test stop you from reaching that goal
Unforgettable night
Qtime before Fany back to Malang, before mom flight to manokwari (@ Starbucks - in Makassar,
MAS QUE TRACK ABSURDA!
Zedd Dead, thanks for this awesome track
I love her so much!
*Jessie retweeted this*
Daily Morning Awesomeness (35 Photos)
Your heart is tough enough? Watch this
AHAHAHA e tu sempre a compactuar !
A mother in law .
A couple of hours still to go!! Make sure to keep donating. Every cent counts!! 1300 737 507
The best
thanks for the retweet!
Ahhhhh grateful ty po!!!!!!!
My teen son loves he finds his music inspiring
shoutout to acne for destroying my self confidence and making me more insecure than i already am
Definitely excited for Deadpool 2!!!!!!
Hey Brits, come back, we are still friends, aren't we?
Follow Me
I F B
Follow Me
I F B
Follow Me
I F B
Follow Me
Still adorable!
So glad things are back the way they supposed to be
I promise! Do you hear me?
N chora, boa prova
One black night
Heartly Welcome To Twitter
Das sieht super aus Nicole
Exactly
HentaiRoscoe
FLokison
Rias_The_Devil
Lewdinata
TakumiRoom34
Toxiqueen
KurokaRoom34
Rias_The_Devil
GumiLewd
I like her more than Rita and Hannah
32 needed for 500
Oye oye..!
Everyone have fun at the boys' show today! -Brooklyn
Fab choices!
HBD NADERN
thank u for everything and constantly believing in my skills the best ever w- loving, opm
Happy Birthday Love you with all my
Take my heart Yoongi, yours
You re so pretty You re the best in the world When I see you I mvery happy "J"
are all about quality time with this little one. MPT
thank youuuuu
happy birthday love
Nothing like and
(Just throw in a few beers as cherry on the top )
skjsksk thanks
Follow Me
I F B
Follow Me
I F B
Follow Me
I F B
Follow Me
tack b
Karol via - instastories
Love you, love Alan, love all Walkers
Happy birthday !! Stay kind & pakarat, Gbua and enjoy the rest of ur day Iloveyouuuuu!
And I am too hmu for further investigations
YASSS It's time for a great show Ashley-Michelle:#Chat My Acid Tri
Congratulations! Always be happy!
Our love for alternate flours .. best bajra and mixed grain flour ever ..
I show love they give me hate but all G double O D GOOD
Jin supporting NJ.
UNGA speech
nice to meet everyone during and lets meet again later !
Depression is real y'all... please find your " happy place " and confide there
countdown countdown
Your twitter stories, are best twitter stories And I'm sorry about the rats.
GO GIRLLLLL!!! ILOVEYOUUUU!!
Competitive pricing with 20% OFF for awesome outdoor products!
Discount code: WILDGUESS
Good morning lovely twinkling Tracey, beautiful thank you, I hope you have a Happy Sunday too x
let me live is the best live such a bop
it. mind seeing u
The wrinkly nylons are beautiful darling
Of course melilin !!!!!!
happy
Happy 22nd, self
America has not been wyld for too long. It will be good to have you back
Seize the day!
That's me honestly. Like I felt i was being loyal to you but apparently I wasnt
Love you
Home
look great.. nothing to be embarrassed about
America has not been wyld for too long. It will be good to have you back
Much love you should move out here !!!
Thank you so much for coming baby girl glad you loved it
RT hadexoxox: Christmas wish list...
Jungle splash DnB room with J Swif on Friday.... the splash ravers
Hi there! Thank you for the giveaway I would like the BTS album and BTS hoodie
All members are my bias
RT "It's a club I have very fond memories of and always want to do well." Chris Hughton
Congratulations on 2 million IG followers, baby girl!!!
moh chaton
This is so late but ahsjdjdj ILY can't wait to see u again
Retweet
Folu Lia
FOLO for all users
A total of 300 volu
Follow the instructions and turn on alerts
Will increase rapidly
Date with mom is
On this day, 11 years ago
One of my favorite sportsmen
CUTE NG BABY KO
so adorable
Oh I am sorry to hear that Kate, really am. Condolences to all concerned xx
I love you lots TOUR STARTS TOMORROW! So proud of you in every way
It was amazing and under marked
Yieee. Proud of you!
Happy Birthday
2 years down the line, you still mean so much to me.
His love overflows
SOLID ANG SAYAAA
Truly sweetheart
goodluck kay Ahmad and friends sa board exam bukas
What a day it was! Dem vibes!! The whole team was rockinggg! They kept the audience hyped throughout their
well Frank if you got it .... you to hun
You look great.. nothing to be embarrassed about
Happy birthday to the one and only You make nursing school a tad more tolerable
God bless you souls! Stay strong
ugh happy heart
naraid66
PAK
since its my free time rn, soooo let's go wattpad!!
Sounds on
Tag someone who like this Cat VIDEO
.
Follow
Credit to junjun_jjj Los Angeles,
IM SO IN LOVE SHES SO GORGEOUS
yes! This is my hometown!!! please choose me and my little sister Ruby! love
Local celebrity
NEXT ENTRIES... YESS!!
Congrats on the engagement, happy for Sorry, try to respond soon
Lomg boy
hi sorry if you keep seeing my tweet about my thesis but any help would be bery much appreciated
so sweet , I love you
Waiting for the right time
Thank you meggy meg haha try my best xx
Why do you have to imagine? Your smile is the best
Follow Me
I F B
Follow Me
I F B
Follow Me
I F B
Follow Me
follow me if you still do it
NOOOO, I WILL LISTEN TO IT NOW, I am sure that will be great too
Two Suns, by on 24/7 commercial free DJ Mixes
FAMBAM
Ended~ thanks for joining yall dont worry my 4th GA is still on going and there will be another GA after
Appreciate you babe
It was indeed!! Thank u, love u xxx
syempre parang family ko na rin family mo bebe, i got ur back bespren
Love you all
Your Grade9 Representative.
Good mornin Bro!!!! Have a blessed Sunday
Love this
Such a beautiful picture Jo xxx
Lovely!
how wonderful! Speedy recovery
Happy Birthday to John Connolly of Sevendust and Projected!
Loving my Paint from & floral wallpaper bought from last year
chemily i love u
Someday. gonna love me
aw this made me smile, thank you so much mics, and best birthday present ever hehe. love you.
oliver_pantoja_golf Passport Control Gretna
Love these cuddles
I love you babies
Biz kocaman olduk
100% and It was only Stock for about 6 months and since then always had mods but never gives me problems
Zimmer + Faltermeyer What a great news!
btw I hope for Your music if will be Top Gun 3
Concert WA Libramont
HOT Shower & Bed
Sugar babies follow me so dm me
Safe Cote a 2 a 15RT et
ANAL Unpacked Pleasures with & is out now! Hot pics at
I love you so much hugs!
Thanks for your kind words, Jo.
Good friends always remain a good friends no matter what
Aaron Sidwell is gorgeous
N O E L
This top has been online less than 24 hours & is already making a difference! This top is all about
8salon.bythodorisgionis
34.9M FOLLOWERS
ONLY 1M LEFT TO TOUCH 35M
TH3 BIGGEST MEGASTAR EVER IN INDIAN CIN3MA
micah has to hear all my rants and all i have to say is this man loves me SO much
Can't wait to travel
Great performance
Rome
Pass on my congratulations and admiration.
I crave your marks on my body .. I am yours to claim
Yoh we are done here Zweli! Enjoy your day further
Lmao I love my mom but tomorrow her and my tia are forsure going to kill us
Karol via - instastories
Sugar babies follow me so dm me
Happy birthday to the wonderful . Have a nice day
I totally agree, is not the next 1D, they're and want to stay true to themselves
Tommy
Omg! Hope all alright
gusto ko peach mango pie tapos i milktea na rock salt cheese cookies & cream tANGINAAAAAA
You know I know no level of troll, especially with lovers
Amo vc
Even tho life is getting you to be dark and twisty, always be the lou im proud of.
I tried calligraphy! Good day, ADN!
This explains quite a lot.. Love you Rog hope you're ready to snatch that Basel title
Hey Nags if you are reading this I love you
Live like there's no tomorrow. Have fun and be safe
Sugar babies follow me so dm me
The blessed secured gang are those who have made God their only source.
Love you too hot babe I've seen them model pics
Is it yesterday??? Im a proud egg
CLASSE SETUP // KN 57 for
and !
Grand merci a toi mon !
Instead of enlisting in military please let him join BFC
Happy 1st Birthday Muhammad Bilal Zeyn!!!
If peace and quiet after, look no further than Crowtrees Farm in the Peak District
Oh indeed how many days have passed and gone by :) salamat sa lahat kimmy montinola!! Mahal kita!!
Hahahaha feels so touched! Ngga tau lagi ngapain ini anak, post begini
Look, how soft jinwoo to smile UwU
and to our happy virus
me! i love their music too
RT planetepics: This is just so adorable they look SO cute in that basket
The best
Legit na for keeps!!!
Sweetheart selena gomez
>w<
congrats and proud of both of u
RT hadexoxox: Christmas wish list...
it was surprisingly therapeutic
and RT
PussySyndicate
With Sufi
These cool looks suit her so well . Rt if you agree.
ABSOLUTE FAVOURITE MOMENT IN THE ENTIRE UNIVERSE!! Idk why though maybe cause George is meeeee!
Love the insights of my readers so rewarding
Salamat ate! Labyu too!
Thank you so much babes
Forza vecchio rossonero
can't wait
I love
Dyrus let them get to you. the best trolls have no life
SUPER THANK YOU ATE MISS NA KITA SOBRA. SORRY DI KO NAPANSIN AGAD YUNG GREET MO SAKIN PERO SUPER THANK YOU TALAGA IMPAKTA
Quase nem frio, magina
So proud of y'all Tongans
Sugar babies follow me so dm me
Perfection
My babies a good few years ago now
have fun here in europe my love
Australia, Melbourne Melbourne, Victoria, Australia
Happy Birthday to my sports crazy little dude!! believe you are 5 today!
Today is a remembering kind of day Holy Cross Cemetery
I love the love
Perfection
They are waiting for you
Beautiful inside and out. My daughter and I are certified Marangalians, and we were so
Miss ko na
Pretty
Mabait
My forever baby hihi
Lab ko
Join the Zero Fan Group now and turn your wait into fun, along with all the fellow SRKians!
OMG YAYAYAYAYYYYY THE LYRICS ARE A.M.A.Z.I.N.G oh y'know what, even I'll listen to it again abhi tehe
Perfection
Morning
new group of fish on aquarium. Yieeee
Cosy Sundays with a comfy bralette and a jumper I have plans to eat yummy food and watch films with the family
you can, and you will. it'll be hard and it might hurt sometimes but you will. you will.
The future is bright.
LA FILLE EN QUESTION ET EST VENUE ME PARLER SUR INSTA KDJZLZKHEKZKZJEJEJ
I love you my baby
let's go see the stars; pbg
Marian Rivera
Thank you for coming down To more army adventures Kranji Camp 3
LOL first buzzer beater of my life! Thank you God for the win
Anti-Slip Soft Round Carpet With 3D Print
12.62$ Only
Tag a friend who would love this!
FREE Shipping
Oh my goodness!! This is so brilliant I love it!
... And then there are all the events, my love, the exhibits, the shows, the museums...
can't wait
Thank you but to be fair we benefit more than the cats. Our home is full of love
Home is in your eyes
only u said this truth
love u
We are inspired by Boyd and friendship.
The Red Cross and believe that anyone who feels
cover ft. Brother given to Thalaivan
thankyouu po
such a dickhead mate thanks brother
Aw Teddy Bear . That face
copped one to support love you bobby p.s do you think u could include a signed paper or smth? Thanks
minicooper, i want this
really excited to see fiona again today
Israel Rock's!
The other ones throw them.
I Israel!
Greece
howdy. i'm the sheriff of red heart
Shed sats actual hav a special place in my heart
..
On the Red Carpet for Awards Night hospiciomovie
21 October.
About last night...
happy bday to the main man, have a belter lad love you always
RT hadexoxox: Christmas wish list...
PussySyndicate
is indeed a great and memorable event Thank you so much for giving us the chance to
Fnallyyy,,,
Day Made..! Glad to see you back Army. Hope you are fit n
Wow it's a good song. I like the beat
I my country !
11:11
Pls if you like my
RT hadexoxox: Christmas wish list...
Yes yoongi it is difficult... my blocklist is longer than my followerlist but alright
Let me know if you need to talk
Nothing can destroy what we have.
Melhor EP.
George meu favorito.
Love
Ily
Repost from by
Beautiful
Aww Too cute His Laughter Voice Ufff Killerr
Valentine
This year you're mine Drowned_Sope!
And you, whom will be yours?
And Yolz leads
awsome
i love her body
I try my best have a lovely day sweet one
Comment if you're still in
And if not comment why you're out
Follow Me
I F B
Follow Me
I F B
Follow Me
I F B
Follow Me
What a view!
Just love coming home to MY home .
I'm so sorry about that, I hope things will get better and if you need to talk my dms are always open
This thread
Movie night with my baby princess tonight.
happy bday kim have a great day boo
Follow Me
I F B
Follow Me
I F B
Follow Me
I F B
Follow Me
PussySyndicate
wahhhhh for 2nd set serve an ACE
Get well soon
That's why you busy on the DM you like her African
While us we like her heart
Happy belated birthday It was such a fun day!
awww that's so sweet lola! thank youu.
thanks baby
My main focus
Let's follow Jesus everydaaaaay. Gandang bungad ah My faveeee!
thank you too
Yooo vamos!! spread love and friendships
Versailles
I love this man!
With his "shirt story" pictorial summary of the gist. He will be missed
We will get through it together I love you
Welcome
not hiding you. The world just ready to see you
PussySyndicate
Home is where the heart is.
Great to see the kebayas are out and proud
Home
Come to ISRAEL! ! ! !
aww shnicky
Perfect sunset view of Singapore Skyline taken at exactly 5:00pm
Women defines art with their beauties so am I
That ballet!
Gl bro
Trailer From Today 6PM
The post Rum Trailer From Today 6PM appeared first on
Pain is one of our motivation
pretty, perfect !
Thank you
Great time! Great meet with from charmed this dream and happy birthday again my
fareeha
We have never interacted ever before but tbh your wish made me feel smile
Thank you so much
Bang with Me at
caught masturbating drunk sluts ebony bukkake erotic
Morning! for BET 2! CHALLENGE!
Sudaderas time
He is
I was playing Taehyung vlive on my cellphone and my cat kept rubbing his nose in the screen. He loves tae
Goodmorning from me & the bfg
Hey handsome one,I love you
Dani character arc bale change chestharu..
Starting lo dani character chusi thuu anukuna
At the end of the season she is
Sorry to hear that Nuts, I hope that they have found piece. My condolences.
But you kept with it and I was so proud not to mention honored to teach you
Read your posts fill my heart of joy
TYSM LOVE but I have rosacea and it flares up every now and then
Give some
. .
.
.
sorry lovely i know barely talked but been there before and if you need to talk to
Need me a her
This line..Heart skips a beat every time..
Happy Birthday girl
just watching netflix, what about you?
NEW
Natalie with her husband Benjamin Millepied attended the L.A. Dance Project Gala. [October 20, 2018]
welcomee yiee
Bobrisky a true queen. We rise by lifting
My fave person at the same time fave kong picture niyaaaa hehe. Misterrrrrr
HAPPY BDAY. Love you
Perfection
yup, i'll stay <3 thankyou, i love u so much
you so fucking precious when you smile
Top Fav -#Sreesanth
2nd Priority -#RomilChoudhary
Liking/sometime
Oh nice I love games that bring back that nostalgia . got to the point where I turn my
Morning Jane! Another fantastic film!
Omg commnt agaya wohi bht feeling blessed
You welcome
A true hero
That was nice juan
Hell to the NO. RED ALL the way baby.
Momo' care in this..
Thats all I can see..
On demand !!
Dancing and smiling babies
Read your posts fills my heart of joy
10/21/18 to remember
1 year ago today I became a Dad, the greatest gift imaginable. Happy Birthday Jacob
If I'm peace then you are my love
Hi Thankyou so much!
Neyse intten izledim yine de
thank youuuuu
Check out my playthrough of spider-mans Ng+.
Just started out so any support would be greatly appreciated
Perfection
I adore you more
Hugs. Only be yourself!
One of my favourites from last year
So proud of my babies
Kings
Thoughts abt shanbert Close ko at super bait
Le mie bitches
with the fav
Hot porridge with honey or a bit of sugar is the perfect breakfast
yieeeeee happy heart
193 cm ...Naruhodo-ne!!
Albert King - Oh, Pretty Woman - 9/23/1970 - Fillmore East (Official) via
I would take you and introduce you to everyone. I You!
Thumbnail for
"GOLD ICR"
Aviis plz
&if you like this and for help me
Maaaannn know Love will find a
Love the scarf!! (and your face)
Awww thank you so much for coming Queen so glad you loved it!!
Happiest birthday
God bless you
Gn pretty people
God bless you too Love you soo much
People who smile at you when you make eye contact with them are my favorite kind of people
Your birth month is your favorite track from
Jan Bad Liar
Feb Natural
Mar West Coast
Happy 19th birthday to my partner in crime ! U already know how much i appreciate u luv n miss u pepito
Love the floral look! Well done!
Add to Snapchat - BlushSnaps. Anonymous Cutie :P
Love youuu.
missin you more boo
The
Cam On Now
Oh my heart
A lovely night in our beautiful city the best place for bridges
Up at The O2
Steve Mandanda, mon bonheur
Yeah, we're going Leicester vs Villa, then having a bite to eat
Houston won and them boys started banging
mainedcm IGS
Wish I was still there
Thanks for not insulting me.
Binge watching The Office
If he really sings while palying guitar... im dead
in my gr12 yearbook we have a happened this year and ari is in it from one love Manchester :(
Your boy got dribbled last night. Let's laugh together
HAPPY MUTHAFUCKIN BIRTHDAY !!!! to another year of growth, ganja & greatness
A tribute to the unstoppable force of love... film for our
and
Lost
Charmed
Angel
The X_files
Fuller House
The simpsons
Hercules
The Mentalist
Siz hep
RT hadexoxox: Christmas wish list...
Hourly Jonathan
Amigos x siempre
I made one last min lol thanks Kim
Harshad 100%%%
Let's all unite for them.
You know what's fun? Hopelessness and booze
yayyyyy
Ily
anche io Sofi, tantissimo
Twerkists of note.
Valentine
This year you're mine floudzoundz!
And you, whom will be yours?
Possum love
More love from
link n bio ( vyb yo way )
Zimbabwe
Close out your Monday with a few hunnies and funnies (20 Photos)
When innocence and intelligence meet in one photo
words express how excited i am for my second mixtape after three years.
The sky on my best day
Thunder Dome, Muang Thong Thani
Happy birthday from the Fam stress with streaming! Celebrate the daughter instead :D
I forgot how much I this feeling
EHHHH????
Ps: Kim Mingyu I love you!
soo
Omg bb, yas!
You are so strong, Nikkii. Much love to you & yours xx
Lucy via her Instagram
YASSS It's time for a great show Lori Galaviz:#Music
Breathing her essence
Lights up my soul
Hope is still alive
Verlily!!
i love shawn so much!!!
I said YES and it felt right.
reason why i'm supporting you, you're just yourself and not trying to be anyone else
THANK u
Step out!
Thank you brother
Tofifay time
I'm flatteredddd That was unexpected I wanted to tell you the same see you aroundddd
Merci gros
Sick pic!
you deserve this tag, not me
Literally the "man of many talents", uri
Rainbow council with a strong presence of the colour white
hard to believe this is 2018 - thank you for the wonderful work you do
I have never missed a tour please I would love to meet you
how are you feeling Baby Bear ?
I love you and miss you. Let me take you out for some
Opening sa uptown na jollibee
One Good Think Will change the Situation
king of BEAUTY
MAGNIFIQUE ! MON PETIT JE FORT
with this little beauty a lucky girl
Beauty and the Queen
Handsome boy
Seeing you progress and the love you have for it >>> forever your fan/supporter
Awww that's so sweet
Lucy via her Instagram Story
Any mutuals have a YouTube channel? Drop me a link and go subscribe
spent my afternoon with ate lurdj
Aww phriend this will pass!! hang in there you've survived this before
SISISI FUE EL MEJOR SEGUNDO DE MI VIDA
More love from
link n bio ( vyb yo way )
HD Snaps!!
Valentine
This year you're mine kapets_!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
My beautifull gilgit Baltistan
Thank youuuuuu
I do believe that people like you deserve to be hyped. I'm simply in love with your art
Same love! But they're definitely gonna come back again! And we'll go screaming our love out like this WE!
Stop this. Ambas son increibles.
Bang hot babes
amateur cuckold devon michaels mom fucks danish gay muscular
( encontrei com ch)
Been listening to this all morning, listening to it live last night was unreal
TIME! To everyone who hosted, raided, donated, played, or watched.. thank you
.
.
.
good morning sweetie I hope sleeping well and having some sweet dreams and ok
Making 3 d love card manually video
big love
Milf or both
To meet UK Milfs visit
To meet American Milfs
Who has one of these Hesketh Bears??
My little zoo of a home
I won't cause i love you so much. You're my everything.
Says you though
Yess very much
DM me lovely I'm here if you need a chat
KAINLOVE TALAGA YAAN!
so excited for Thursday.
same as yours...
1-Chocolate
3-Love
4- Audiology
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
20% RF6A2AM
Valentine
This year you're mine mead_1997!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Happy birthday
Hope to win this time
[SWIPE LEFT TO HEAR MY COVER]
**Bitches Love Tacos ** - kidqwest On Ft
. . .
Thanks semua
19October2018
thank you fambam
Valentine
This year you're mine Sl6VIP!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Thank you so much!
shower was bomb
181021 Wang Zi Wei Instagram Update
Beautiful Friendship indeed!
hi to this girl! happy birthday vhea bianca perez zaide sorry for everything hehe sana'y happy ka ngayong
really the only, the best and the most important friend
I'AM BSTARZ bastiansteel
Very true, he cares and you can see that.
I know
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Cutieeee
I will be sweetness and light all day today! Please feel free to join in!
I like cake!
Super bro Tq so much
This day can't be better!!!
It's official,
Nick is in Vegas!
.
.
Via - Charlize Theron outreach
Believe me you're my everything that just makes my world complete
Yes, yes, yes, yes and Yes...
a song for perspective:)enjoy
Who is most likely too
Las amo
Anyway thank you for this. Ingatan ko po magtweet next time. Let's vote for iKON on starple shall we????
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
I love this so much!!! And Mike got a cameraman job too!! Congrats to maddielynnfp / IG reneelynn820 /
You look so pretty I wish my hair looked like that when I didn't wash it!
My heart burst when ppl who deserves it meet him
Accha..
She in love with who I am
Another chapter in my life was closed. Thank you!
BASE
so blessed to have them thank you so much loveyouall... happy and nag enjoy kaayu ko
boyband reunion 2014 cardiff
Dedicated in action
Tuesday, October 16, 2018 at Iona
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
CJM
It's really been 7 months huh?
What's your One Million value?! and mention an entrepreneur
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
happy buttday deguuuuuzMINE iloveyou iloveyou iloveyou
Jealous Cenk
Lmaoo! I just saw this. Thank you
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Cause we love you, your an amazing artist
How's everyone doing today?
You guys had a good weekend so far?
I'll be checking out some streams inabit before I go live later
was so good seeing all my old pals last night luv yous x
Those conversations you skip sleep for.
This was an interesting read for sure! I've never done much research into cologne, but this was very informative
Everyone needs a friend like Mikey
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA SIGE GALINGAN NAMIN. WELCOME ZAM!
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Zara McFarlane - Silhouette on the
I remember your visit to Merrylands HS
Mashallah
Ps. Nath char Chand Laga Raha h khoobsurati m
He comes from serbiaa... he'll fucking murder yaaaa...... woaaahhh
Cmon get on it
Love reeve so much!!
Virtual Visit to Mars
We love Earth | We love Space
181021 Wang Zi Wei Instagram Update
One of a kind friendship indeed!
don't stress yourself
Everything is ok . We love you sooooooo much
Valentine
This year you're mine cigarush!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Recent pic
Anna & Anni
Cute Couple in Kollywood
jc santos is so gwapo. end of story.
I am SO pumped. I am FINALLY seeing 5SOS and Little Mix AND I'm seeing Liam again
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
' Seu sonho
with this little beauty a lucky girl
thank you, nadine
Weslley Soares Nathalia Soares Junior Soares Samuel Micaele
Ano vcs
Kiss and make up
Thank you for the stream.we love you
2 hours of continuos entertainment DMG the enthusiasm and energy you fill in us is Par everything Just like
BTS_twt =
Yes he is! He's the freaking awesomest
VOPE
crying tears of joy because signed my phone case
I just L O V E the E X A M movie
also ty for spreading positivity to evryn I'm so thankful to know you, you became my inspirations in life tysm
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
New York New York
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
my birthday is nov 16 I LOVE THIS HAPPY EARLY BIRTHDAY QUEEN
A new bud called Bretra!
We found them writing about squirrels in The River of Bi!
ganda ng homily kanina eh, about happiness
Here's what we all were waiting for...!
Wonder why the temperature had been raised so high!
So scorching
Who cares if SHR had a low rating in kor when it was appreciated well internationally. AND ALSO THEIR
Baked like a cake and up at 4:30 am watching I love youuuu
So weird that Twitter only has a reaction button. Most of the things I read on here makes me feel like a
I missed these beautiful souls &
no worries I'm bliss bombing with Marvin Gaye and Sister Act 2 now
Ahhhhhh thank you love
More like 4854 miles. Gosh I miss her so much
|| and we love you so much
do this lol .. teen awards 2018 time to see my queens
Happy birthday
Healing is a journey
They are so precious both on and off screen
Being part of this family is something to be proud of.
So proud of you
The best happy bday princess xxx
em feels yesterday when was announced what a crazy ADE days. now back to
wait to be with my faves
x
Winter / Christmas Edition
GMARKET x WANNA ONE
Handsome Boys
Hope all ok boys sure everyone will understand xxx
Selling foot pics/vids dm offers if interested
My is beating toooo. Fasttt
-Taph it my dear
Thank you so so much Good to have you here
Tulog, kain, cellphone, repeat!!!
That was actually an emotional video
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
She Been My Type
Through Out The Letter
My Beach Better
Leather Letterman
I Rick My Sweater
Getting ready for Sunday dinner out with the family
Beautiful wish u all the best
Your Honestly So Beautiful,Don't Listen To The Jealous Ejits
thank you for all the prayers
Simple menu for today
Spaghetti carbonara (korang yang vote )
Loki is alive because he is a good man and a beautiful person
NO PROBLEM
Totally!
Just let ur feelings out
so proud of you
Happy Birthday Debs. Have an amazing day hun
Headlining yesterday thank you!
Have a great Sunday Zoe. I'm going to be offline now until around 6pm. Keep packing
Ariiiff
He is literally the sweetest & the best one i could ever ask for
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Tunggu anak ngaji...
Some moments
Thanks to
Good day it was feeling fantastic
I already followed you and had notifications on really Sweet youre doing this
atm with my elem squad
Ohh!!
Crush
Thank you
JAGSHSH IT ACTUALLY HAPPENED
RepostBy
"#SANAMlive in
So much love
Video courtesy - gavin.james.965"
No hate here allowed here. Only love
UNDER 19 2a giornata
FELDI EBOLI C5 Chaminade Campobasso calcio a 5
kickoff 11:00
Good morning (^-^)/ Ivy san
Of course I found some people to talk to me about gin! New find at countrysidelive - very nice,
RT Travel_PK_: Towards Khunjerab Pass-China Border
PC : Laeeq Abbas
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Thank you to my fairy godmother
Back to back schedules omg these boy still slay! But take care yall
Np! U look awesome as always girl
Worry about your sins you won't be asked about mine
With u i can drool over Zain and be openly tharki about it, tubelight ho but meri khaas ho
I love u behan
hi, is there anywhere in the Trafford centre that stocks Gucci? I just need belts & accessories!
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
love to dance with you
You can put Levi in the office room and put the office in the basement! And the new baby in room!
She is the most amazing girl I know Iloveyou Since the first time na nakachat nakilala po kita kahet di pa
This is soooo freaaking cutee!!! All the best fam!
Valentine
This year you're mine emodouchebag!
And you, whom will be yours?
Food trip with HDC
trippin over chyna forever gone be my baby sis
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Just love.
Thankyou for being a true partner through ups and down. I love you so much, husband
hereee
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Happy birthday Vidic
I hope Ashton Irwin is healthy, happy and will have a wonderful day today bc he really deserves it
she's hurt but she's okay
My family is everything
it's goes without saying : is THE BEST
That we are, warmest wishes to you
I honestly get over how perfect Hayven truly is. I wish I could hold her forever
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Marg snapped up those beauties from Valeria D'Annibale after seeing them on our insta feed today... Arbor,
Love that place
En sabahlar
Good luck to everyone
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Chai lover's be like
Beautiful
look at them wearing designer stuffs. well, they all deserved it.
Mis gibi
Close friends LilBaby
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
he is good man
5 seconds of summer on myx take 5
Another gift for you Mika-san xD
SUNDAY GREETINGS FROM RIO, BRAZIL.
:
Once in a lifetime journey crafted with care here
And you sir are one of the good ones.
My pic of Zach
Hello brother
sure with the blessing of elder's like you anna
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
So tired, but also blessed
Thank you for being there x
Today it's Carrie Birthday, I want to celebrate it with this picture of a happy moment with I'm
thank you love
You guys
Glad I could help!
I love how Narimiya is doing good for himself right now!
Happy birthday your now old enough to drink alcohol
Still awake
Hun I don't stand a chance but we'll get there (very very slowly)
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Disclaimer;
This is just my opinion please hate on any of them!
97. Oct .19
Oooh the spoils because I deserve it!
Mate Ma'a Tonga fans singing the Australian National Anthem.
Jgh from Batangas
Hello, kindly the original post Thank you!
All my niggas cute
happy birthday fam
One of my favourites
Countdown!
=
=
Twin brother came back from uni just to watch this weeks episode of The Walking Dead with me. How sweet
thanks sweat heart
HAPPY BIRTHDAY QUEEN I HOPE YOU HAVE A MARVELOUS DAY!! LOVE YOU
Currently speeding to his house to cuddle
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
The day after, special glow?
On my way to my mom to pic up my girl
I love lazy Sundays, so calm and
Kelsey is My Bestfriend that over pa vivo
YESS!!! GO UE!!!!
I'll be thinking about that all day now
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Para sa lahat ng vicejack babies team abroad.
RT nyo to na dali. Hihi
Thank you my love for
You are King Seokjin! I love him
I love you saff let the hate make you sad SaffronBarker
Awww how kind of you to say so
new
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
RT hadexoxox: Christmas wish list...
Sour candy has my heart
ashton irwin the such an incredible person and so proud of him
Happy birthday to te one and only I love you, a wonderful mom and woman
This time last week Wishing I was back in paradise
welcome tellay
YASSS It's time for a great show Lori Galaviz:#Music
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
That has made my day
Making me proud on a Sunday morning
New job celebrations with the Mr last night
Welcome back
Sorry, this popped up again on my phone app
R E A L L Y G O O D
WOW BEAUTIFUL CAKE!!!
ABEMATV
HOLY SHIT THIS IS BIG AND IM SO PROUD
every time i count my blessings i count you first
Real life Hero
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
amorino miss you too
Into the blue! Happy Sunday everyone, look up and breathe deeply
idk what my house is
demons
stars
sea green
ocean (only if calm; if not, waterfall)
And i belong to you Forever, I belong to you
Thanks will have a listen
I LOVE YOU
Happy birthday queen
Don't listen to them. Just follow each and everyone who retweet this
i love this
Finally!
Ganderton Wedding! James Ganderton Kayleigh Samantha
mi familia
Paw hugs from us to you, sweet Duchess
Thank you for existing Goodbye
Far too cute
5
salamat sa aking e.fam
Never allow someone's negative perception of you define you; greatness is in you. Sending peace and to
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Best kind of messages to wake up to
It's such a beautiful name
Thank you so much to Michelle Brown who is another New Friend on Twitter! I hope you enjoy my Tweets
Just got home. Thank you lord
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
thank you!!
and RT
who is hyped today for big gaws? LIKE
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Rocky Horror Picture show was sooo fun. Happy Birthday
Yoo Jae wedding pics
me dont understand anything but i keep hearing stay
Absolutonly. I go with my son, sit adjacent to my dad & a few seats from my brother.
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Happy Anniversary Sir love you sir
Bom dia
Sassy layers for a sunny Autumn day
Our Italian wool crepe coat, layered over the fuchsia georgette coat
waiting for it
Congratulations Mr.1k
I love this game
Thank you
Istem wampor
very beautiful family
Love u thar was denied by both federal n provisional governments from a long time,
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Thinking about you only
The devil and the angel of death
KYLE a butt (but i love you)
With my forever date
IU grad here, I was even smiling.
Archie, Reggie e Jughead
Ufelani on 157 is too real hey no amount of physical abuse shows love. Ladies, protect yourselves
You made me happy in the way nobody else can
I vowed to always love you even during football season
Awn
Must go to the mall because I promised mom susunod ako when my headache subsides. Thankful for such an understanding mom hayz
just be mine and i promise that u will be my last love
Day 26: a song that makes you want to fall in love Waste by from the album Torches
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
The very definition
Nice one Uk
Soft hours with Makee Unnie always gotchu
Home sweet Home
No filter needed loving the day lazy Sunday please
Thank you nice meeting you we meet again
to the world
Download link in my bio
Thanks
Thank you
This is beautiful
Happy Sunday everyone
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Salute to the Legend
the silver arrows
Baler
Amo ti
OUT + NOW!
- Friendly [1642 Records]
Original + Sven Scott Remix!
Grab your legal copy!
My numbero uno supporter, i love you babe
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Ma bby
Siz efsanesiniz
FINALS DONE! and i know i failed so see you next sem accounting
Congratss!!! happy for just please dont break my bestfriends heart Thank you HAHAHAH I wont break
You are
Never give up
but labor went soo smooth for being almost a 9lb baby
And i hope u guys do good for the upcoming exams amin
Noooo why would you do that lol
Knight lives through you baby girl
I JUST WOKE UP BUT THANK YOU!
Hope you are okay babe
If you find serenity and happiness, they may be jealous, Be happy anyway.
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
All the Saudi people love him,Our leaders are a red MBS
No matter what happens in Life, Music will always understand you on a level no one else will understand
It is not happiness that makes us grateful, but the gratefulness that makes us happy
Ne sen
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Which app are you using? I want to be able to do this as well
great news. Just like racing, each hurdle jumped is a step nearer to the finishing line.
Retweeting this for army bomb 3 please lemme win~ UWU
Aesthetic
hi uve been such a great friend to me! nindot kay kachika and thank u sa mga advices hekhek
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Queen Song
SOBS ELLA IS A WHOLE SOFTIE AND CUTIE I LOVE HERRR
Maganda!!! You should watch it. Lol true ngayon ko lang sya naappreciate tao sya here one of the siblings
The sun shines brighter, but yet you still manage to shine just as bright
You're my hope!!!!!!!!
Irresistible!
dear God the only thing i ask of you is to hold her when i'm not around when i'm much too far away
Oh
5:21
TyLord! yeah, she's an unexpected blessing from above.
Im beyond blessed to you, Ate! LoveisPango
100% RECOMENDADO POR
Telling you man. very rare to find a love like mine
the key to happiness is to realize that you are in complete control of how happy you are
USA SOON LOver BOY
Thank you
The shadows have come out so well
Thanks
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Proud of you guys! You deserve it
And we can see YOU!!! And very happy it makes us too!!!
Valentine
This year you're mine theblacktaill!
And you, whom will be yours?
Little Naughty Kitten Ready to Play Book VIP Legit Escort
Awww he keep on smiling and saying thank you
Gwapo naman hehe
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
thank you for your birthday wishes yesterday. it made me really happy!
HELLEVATOR! Stay's National Anthem
Empty Space is such a gorgeous song
Thanks
Congratulation OCNHS SPA!!!!
happy birthday hope you have a wonderful and relaxing day
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
happy birthday hope you have a wonderful and relaxing day
To all my cute little followers thank you so much for following me up hope we complete "500 soon"
precioso
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Oh?
I already followed you and had notifications on!
Really Sweet your doing this
My
Thanks
Thank you. May God bless you too
Metion not Sis
148th floor
Good Morning. Have a Super Sunday all
I love this
so sorry, glad you had the support of your bestfriend to get through the night
Musisis TER-edyan SEMUANYIAH
new album roll on December
A few more from Martin Maton-Feline last night, so good, to see nan back too last night Martin, she is still
Rizvi the Man
thank you vicks! you're the best!!!
Valentine
This year you're mine nawafley!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Tajdar e haram of satyameva jayate.
John is really talented. He did very well here.
thank u
You are welcome,hun! Enjoy your evening
It is & i it !!
Thanks to these people, who made my night extra special. i love you all!
Happy birthday ate aya!! GBU and IMY
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Took the boiz out for a walk by the water today
.
Aye! They are the best human beings ever
Absolutely gorgeous young lady kind n caring n a friend support wot you do
Cute
Im ready too!!!
Got mahhh copy!
"Santorini In Kokrobite"
We're here
Good luck for your debut
I'll be just behind you supporting you
Lesbea Teen BFF try on stockings before naughty sex on bed
I love you more and more every nanosecond, my love! Can't wait to marry you, finally!
Thank God for giving me this best smile.
birthday celeb with the rhodzillas
Had the bestest friends evaaaaa. Lucky me pancit canton
hello! u r suchhh a greatt kid as i can see hehehe friendly kayka super ans also never give up sa life okek?
I love Elly. my bestfriend.
Your my sunflower
Good to see those foreign students with a for the Eternal City, helping out cleaning up!
9 Welcome
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
mooh
Jannaa
Blessed w/ elms lys michelle cy
I love it when u hold my hand
Good morning first day for rehearsal
Valentine
This year you're mine hoshiily!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Sgt Rowan taking the Ashfordly for a spin in series 7.
Ni seriously...m in love wd ur laugh..mjhe acha lga tmhara itna hsna
Happiest birthday
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
The Night Trilogy, I know what to say. Thanks Timo
When you mistakenly pushed the button in insta msj..
To a guy friend.
I love every day that passes by as long as you're in it
Walang Katulad, ADN Best Fandom Ever!
Own
Brandy - Missing You
Thank you! Blessed to share and receive gifts from you too
Awww. That's why you are
Miss these kids
Awww thank you really means a lot
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Here's a piece of advice: Never put your happiness in someone else's hands.
Nice one mate keep smashing it!
017's are on fire
Proud of you :')
i love him
I love my country
and I love
and Crown
relationship with Gerald is so real READ HERE:
Very true
que je
Graciasss
I love how you've used the bridge arch to frame your shot, it's beautiful
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Urban Hiphop is
Tom but definitely missing Simon come back soon
My little girl
SweetBerry035 Meet me now
Had a solid 3 days of retreat with these amazing people!!!!
Thanks Quotes for following me on Twitter! Check this out >>
Happy
Today Lena will prove again, that Lena is good and also that
Of
Pa follow back
I did not in fact go home, I went to a different bar and danced the night away. It was AMAZING. Just what I needed
solidarity, friend. It's been bad for me lately. Being depressed in other places is
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
i love him with my hole heart
Puhon puhon mamsh
Tipe bak tipe
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Ask them lol
Aw good glad, here if you need to talk
The most valuable memories reside within the most, seemingly, insignificant spaces
Cosy sunday-mood ON! Lubbeek, Brabant, Belgium
+ ?
( & Follow
(
| |
Museo Guggenheim
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
lors_d
"James: I'll make you believe right now anlangkit
Holy shit I made top ten , sick
Life is filled with challenges! don't let happiness be one of them!
Absolutely stunning! (You and the forest)
Don't let anyone steal your happiness, it was never theirs to take
Im innn with you guys
Second family
Augurii
Tu me fatigue :(
Moonbin e Eunwoo per Nylon Korea
Beauty might bring happiness, but happiness always brings beauty
Booooonjour ! Bisoooouuus
The happiness of your life depends on the quality of your thoughts.
ok my DMs are always open if you want to talk
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Valentine
This year you're mine hoshiily!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
FOR KEEPS // love ypu both
Lovely photos!
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Thanks Beautiful
Happiness is the meaning and purpose of life, the whole aim and end of human existence
U could walk up n down the stairs with your Booty after this workout
My baby is in RED soory I have much
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Thank you Ateeee
I thank god my parents gave birth to her but even if they I would still want her to be my best friend
Stephanie is both bad and boujee (27 Photos)
Thanks Steph!
my two favourite song in one video,, we love being emotional
Neyney is soo cutee cant handle it
Do this with my sissy
Good luck good luck good luck
Going to be incredible!
Realizing that i truly was not happy was the first step in finding happiness.
Night 3 Days Manali Trip per Couple
Night 3 Days Manali Trip per
happy bday baby g! love always. enjoy your day x
We are fooking happy, yes !
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Amo muito!
I'm always proud for you bb!
I have a serious inappropriate girl crush on and go and give these ladies the
Thanks sist hehe
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Please believe that you are none of those things, a lovely mum, wife and friend
Hug your kids for no reason.
can't find the right words to explain what happened didn't expect it to happen in real life ayha pako karealize sa sceeeene
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Wala gyuy nakapugong skung cravings for muffin and hot choco
Quality quilts raise funds for
Truth or happiness. Never both.
Hbibty enty
I knew you would
happy 3rd anniversary, oslavia!
talented queen
HAPPINESS is a journey,[not a destination]
Kind miss myself the ken2 I used to be
Bonjour
Fucking hell this is nice was expecting dog rough photos Thanks son, luv ya long time
Thank you for your awesome Rocket League Singing Stream, Vlad!
This made my morning lol thank you Todd, you always come through for us
MINHA PRINCESA SABES QUE ACHO DE TI ! A MELHOR PESSOA FACE DA TERRA !!! ES A MINHA
The bromance I ship
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
We love a good bookshelf
thank you baby
Drop a "" if you Love me.
Drop a "" if you Like me.
Drop a "" if you have Crush on me.
Drop a "" if you Enjoy
Happiness is not something that happens to you. It i something that you choose
Love is all you need! Have a beautiful Sun(ny)day!
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
switch your mentality from "i'm broken and helpless" to "i'm growing and healing" and watch how your life changes, for the better
sure! dont worry, everything will be alright
Supporting Rangers might just be ya problem sunshine. :-D
Good morning lovely followers
Happy
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Tu le verras baby on va tout faire pour
Dedekdedekku tersayang
The best feeling of happiness is when you're happy because you've made somebody else happy.
this is cute huhuhu my parents uwu
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
zambo peeps reunited. happy birthday, evs alyanna and paul!!
When Maya met Jhanvi after
Aww I so love'em! Seeing them in a single frame is complete
The primary cause of unhappiness is never the situation itself, but your thoughts about it.
Thanks so much
Valentine
This year you're mine koowwk!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
enjoy, Leader-nim
Happiness is not a possession to be prized, it is a quality of thought, a state of mind.
Have a great day
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
I'm killing time while I wait for life to shower me with meaning and happiness
Congrats
It felt amazing
Forever fave
doomed
I love you Gaga.
We need more shows like
sike i brought my 20th in good lol
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Now that's an awesome story. You go kiddo! Hope you enjoy.
Aww thank you so much too sweet!
AlDub pa rin!
ate love love ko personality mo! so pretty din donate ka naman ng height (as if pwede)
oh but he is the best
Apna Bauaa har jagah hai
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
So smart
Thank you so much Yashika! It would have been great if all
Done all today Bye
Brain on fire
Coming for you Ronald
this album is amazing!!!!
Baby.. I'm yours
Thankyew Dear
YE WAQT BHI GUZR JAYEGA
Honestly I just want a husband like you
What can I say.
Hermosa
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Streaming
Oh ey!
the Pink man is streaming?? oh damn!
just gonna be working on a YCH Commission today
Be sure to Rock the vote everyone! ..wishing you the best of luck!!
Oh what a night... amooooo! Papi y
If you want happiness for a day-- go fishing.
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Definition of a black beauty
Gorgeous
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Thank youuuu lovelots!!!!! You're the best, guyssss
May ALLAH (SWT) allow me to be one of them. Ameen
Love Actually
In the Civil War
In times
But will either find its happy ever after?
Officially meeting this one in April
Loved it
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
2-1 !
In bed with Poopea
by POOPEAS DREAM FACTORY
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Your colors make me fall
I love Mass Effect as a series so so much, it always gives me so much joy when I play it
is EXO's REAL QUEEN.
QUEEN of EXO's sales data manipulation.
The title really suits
Latest
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Iiyak ako if she sings this on Friday.
Valentine
This year you're mine ohyukiee!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
BET 1
Schalke U19 Match FH Over 1.5 Goals
=
Who's in?Click
Thank you for this.
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
We were so fab
So it's very important to give positive energy to each other , make each other stronger
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Pororo
Low quality but high quality man I love you
bisous ma Vivi
cherish a guy who you can borrow his hand to do this lol
I Mount Athos Carved as a Monument to Alexander the Great, 1796
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Here for you
Love u
Don't put the key to your happiness in someone else's pocket.
How good was West Wing? CJ
Sunday is the best day for lingerie (51 Photos)
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Family
Now and then it's good to pause in our pursuit of happiness and just be happy.
I'm dreading the day comes when I lose mine. Can only imagine the pain you're going through.
you are more than welcome my dear
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Thank you, Liane!!
BI birthday BI photocard shop present limited qty
Colourful painting of the cute couple..
Couple Photo to Art just at Rs. 600
Order Link
With from Kigali.
SPICE's Valerie serving goals on the red carpet.
| more
but it is you who is the most important yieee
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Appreciation post for these two. a thread: Thank you G for granting my wish na sana may brothers ako.
Salakot with love
Nothing better then visiting family for the weekend
Martuu hermosa
Happiness is not a reward it is a consequence. Suffering is not a punishment it is a result.
AY
Good news - he has been found
Morning boo
hair arrange
Yo
ADOROTE INFINITOS AHAHHAHAHA
buat mama
Good morning thanks for the Rt &
Meu amor
You did amazing last night loved it. Good luck for tonight I voted for you
They support each other
Home
Omfg is that a husky-chihuahua? They look so good!!!!!! Both of them are cute
I love with my best friend, to the and back again. I love you.
Fave
Valentine
This year you're mine Ginger_LvA!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
You always know the right thing to tweet
Letting go of the past is your first step to happiness..
even pets love him
Thank you Kelly
Got last night buying a bottle of wine for my mate. nearly 33. Thank you Tesco Rugeley. I you.
DISTRICT 9
No body can take away your pain, so don't let them take away your happiness.
My goodness. Thank you Leo. I love you, thank you for loving a monster
A very Happy birthday to mama of two beautiful angels
We Love you
Have a wonderful day..
Have so much fun, honey
Happy to hear it resonate with you and yes i agree that before any religious sects lies Humanity
Learn to value yourself, which means: fight for your happiness.
A two sugar and spice patty
i will!!! thankyou somuch
Thanks for a lovely night, Great dancing tonight.
I LOVE Y'ALL SO SO SO SO SO MUCH!! PLEASE BE CAREFUL ALWAYS AND TAKE A REST Y'ALL ARE VERY IMPORTANT TO US!
Never let someone else's happiness become more important than your own
Beautiful!! You were so amazing Shan
Nobody can take away your pain so don't let anyone take your happiness.
Which song do they think mixers will like the best?
LOVE U MRI JAAN
Happy Birthday Friend
Can't believe we were able to witness Brendon's vocal range liveeee
Congrats
Get back in the game with some sexy girls in sports bras
There are times when you need to release the bitterness and grab a firm hold of happiness.
Praying for more fulfilled years ahead
Linda minha bonecaa
Thanks to everyone who came down to our show. Open this Sunday 1 - 4
lately skin breakouts teruk bcs of so many reasons :') but aku rajin kan amik wudhu terus healed ALLAHHH
fave teacher mo ngayong SY? Sir De Castro & Ms Sta Ana
Something to get my energy up.
Kain po tayo!
day well spent w/ him
for prime minister my girl
issa g00d day with the one that i love
AAAAAAAAA RAMA RAMA DALAM PERUTTTTTTT
It would really mean a lot if you pass by our booth and buy our eco-friendly products!
It will not just help
I love you guys
Blondes are having way more fun this weekend (70 Photos)
Because of you, I laugh a little harder, cry a little less, and smile a lot more. I loveyou Penang Island
Oreo Cheesecake
From Beast to Highlight. Thank you for the 9 wonderful years
Barcellona
Oh my God amazing I even have the words to describe that look ur so talented sisterrrr
When gives you a good hair day! We got major for gorgeous results!
-
Which
Our happiness in this world depends on the affections we are enabled to inspire.
season 1 is freaking art I loved it.
Now I have to stop and be productive hehe [help]
cry, Mama Solji! We love you so much
21/10/2018. Today marks the sixth year since my dad left this world. May you always rest in heaven my dearest dad.
Happy birthday Preddie Prisca
Through every walk of pain, there's is always a step of happiness that awaits.
Unexpected
stay safe & have a good shift
Money will not buy happiness, but it will let you be unhappy in nice places.
Chris was my whole heart I miss him soo much
Thank you i even used my parents' phones to stream HAHAHAHAHAHA all for svt
Buenos MIS AMORES
Tis a cute chunky Dino
Rachel from Salem State just enrolled at Chive U (26 Photos)
Happy bithday girl
Fingers crossed if not working we will be there love to see you
'twas a good day with bae
I luvs him. I would to have Badger / a cat like Badger but I don't have a permanent proper home
Same .
Adi deserves this craving and how cute Zoya looks while saying sorry
cant believe id said this, but im glad too!!! thankyou
Holi
giveth words, form, to the
formless, the No-Thingness
dance, sing, compose
Self
No replacement for this character..
Pondy Kadhuma, Will be my Fav onscreen pair
Happy birthday have a wonderful one
this !
had me in tears super performances from
Otro por md
How cute is my brother! George, Reece and Blake, my sister is so obsessed that you have a good band I
What a great way to start the day
Happy birthday ma boy Have a class one
Happiness is a journey, not a destination
I suggest the Navy to watch Channel O rn,they're playing Rihanna's class hits
|| SanDhir VM ~ Laal Ishq ||
YouTube Link:-
Thank you for an extra special weekend
Gracias, Nere
Sunday! Full of tulog
Been missing you all day
you're welcome sis
Also- just seen your 1975 tweet. Will look now!
Happiness often sneaks in a door you did not think was open
Are you working this am, too!
Love you so much my bestest
I believe you. Anne! Always :) I will pray
My love for this guy tho
I mean maybe this exact time last yr, Jikook were in Tokyo
People wait all week for Friday, all year for summer, all life for happiness
Rin is my friend
B4 JM
Here i am third wheeling my parents. Oh well, i get free dinner tho Happy anniversaryyyyy guysuueeee
Happy anniversary boss. Many more years in love and unending friendship
morning >>>>
Love you brother, thanks for the pic
thankyou sooo much bb!!! i will!
Malikul Mulk - Master of all sovereignty
Dhul jalal wal ikram - Lord of Bounty and Majesty
Happy Sunday my dear
Swimming sa gabi is the best
so fucking cute, stop
Happy birthday my favorite KardashianLove u baby
I saw with my own eyes Yoongi smiling and still crying
Done cooking mojos for my kiddo enjoy eating nak
(@ Daimonrang)
Thank you to Yorke. For the wonderful burst of colors! And those piercing lyrics
Al fatihah
Dm me a emoji for a tweet about you
This is on Thursday and you are ALL INVITED. Come out! Be fancy!
happy birthday you gorgeous little gem got a heart of gold and I wait to neck
Love always wins
current favorite song? into the deep by citipointe
omg mine's exactly a month later (Dec. 15th) but i'd love to he a Scorpio too
Thanks!
That pic And that smile is EVERYTHING!! Enjoy your vacation And keep smiling (read
Quer o mundo David Tennant? Eu dou...
Your doing great your beautiful inside and out your an amazing mum I mean amazing and your loved by us all
SUNSET DI DAPAT TAYO MARUPOK
thankyou
With babe today
"A total eclipse of the heart" Un'eclissi totale del cuore...
Thanks man, love you.
They should make a special episode wahhhh
He's truly like a golden retriever puppy. So curious and eager to learn about everything.
Yes. Let's do it.
HAHAHAHA WA POD KO NA HAPPY JUSQ HEHEHE Thank you Murs!
get totally drenched, so bring another pair of panties'
- Cutie Pie Joonie
Please and thank you
A very Happy birthday to the most blessed mama of two beautiful angels
We Love you
Have a wonderful day..
hellow ~ i'm looking for mutuals
plz rt or if you stan:
velvet
181021
8 Ball Pool Reward Link || 21 October 2018
Free Spin + Scratcher + Coins Link . . .
Collect Now
even more beautiful that if bought you one from a bakery I swear
ahhhh i cant wait to see the videos of 5sos performing soon at the bbc awards im so excited and im so proud of them
On another note that movie was really good loved it
Goodmorning! Have a blessed sunday lovelots xoxo
Shelanie, Rebecca, & Buslon
Why d'you have to be so cheesy my gosh I'm your noona but it gives me flutters. Love you babies
Getting ready for bed. See you in my dreams soon
te amo,
No worries I got it now thanks anyways
And a wrap! Congrats Jessica! We will be BACK next week
thanks for the
Buenos Incas
VIP DAREK AL 27510
hi crush -fc hello
Short hair
My first friend on Twitter
The most sincere person & literally everyone needs a friend like Mirza shab
happy birthday, my general
ABXBWHS Welcome
So Beautiful
OUR ALFA WARiOR
LiON ROARiNG iN WH!
WE
must watch japanese movies
The Peach Girl
One Week Friends
Your Lie In April
I Give My First Love to You
If you need to talk to anyone, my are always open
Less than 250 days!
Nour al Zain officially my wedding song
Lmaoooooo but for real feel better
Same to you
i'd love to be your friend
to my gs bestie,sister,IG buddy, belated happy birthday!! I miss u zo much eps )): hang soon bad bich I love
Good morning!!!
i love the nails she she did on me the time she took every min was well worth it
That reads so beautifully. Thank you.
Nope, because of Ezri Dax it's not the same. I
Avena + macedonia de frutas =
My beautiful girl
omg I need it in my life!
why we like them Hairless animals are ugly but their thing
Always! Love you beshkins!
Tea and toast
please and rt, thank you!
Waiting the boss
Whoa, this is my 1000th Instagram post! Pretty crazy. But nothing compared to how crazy I am about these two.
i'm perfectly fine.
Have an amazing time! You look wonderful! (as always!)
Ily
Happy birthday pretty girl i love you.
The best season there is.
Lots on - just search vanlife to find them all also just message me if you
Thank you everyone for your love and support. Means a lot!
Soooo much fun, thank you
well hello girl powerrr. zoe viccaji plus the shamu bai and ariana and amrina was so damn beautiful.
is this real life! Wow Thankyou
With my not so baby Elijah
I agree with hardly anything you say Owen, and I'm saying please, NEVER shut the fuck up.
EXO-L = Power
ARMY = Power
EXO-L + ARMY =
East or west food is the best
Good morning babies
Fantastic Jason keeping on
+ =
&
kahan se atty hain aese bosses yrrr
What extra is this clip from?
Wishing you blessings of health, happiness and success on Thanksgiving and always
Happy Sunday
Shop online
Life is to short to spend time with people who suck the happiness out of you
DI KO KINAKAYA WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH tenks and squad
My mum is my everything man. do absolutely anything for this woman
Doing what you like is freedom. Liking what you do is happiness
dammmn that highlighter
Surprisingly, I have answered half the questions in full confidence. huhu salig lang sa self belle
Otro
Happy birthday sherbo
Ifb for ever
Happiness is found when you stop comparing yourself to other people
This is just the motovation I needed
yes omg don't remind me lol
i love you too, i've literally seen you grow (through twittaaaaa) and i'm so proud
Lazy Indie Morning
Chill indie vibes to start and enjoy your weekend (or any other day) more relaxed than
I'm still grateful, through whatever.
God I thank You.
Don't let your happiness be controlled by something you can't control.
WOOOOOOOOOOWWWWWWW
honoured
Can I tweet you to say it's crap? Cos if so, brb I gotta send a tweet.
Cedi Osman
and RT
Happy 147th birthday Juanito Alfonso
Saying yes to happiness means learning to say no to things and people that stress you out.
Thank you
Hit for a tbh
Guess which is yours.
Drop me a message if you need someone to talk to
Communicate, Appreciate and Understand.
____________________________
Follow us |
Follow us
I love you guys, you've worked so hard
Drop a "" if you Love me.
Drop a "" if you Like me.
Drop a "" if you have Crush on me.
Drop a "" if you Enjoy
Fofosssssss
Good morning currently 4:30 AM where at
Luuuh grabe siya. Thank you sobra!
Happy 4th birthday to the sweetest boy in the world May your birthday is filled witl love, happiness and
I love you
Na hned
Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort.
Retrogaming Memory!
Title: Metroid
Publisher: Nintendo
Version: NES/Famicom
Year: 1987
Twitter:
Morning thanks for your Rt &
The greatest revenge is happiness.
WE ARE HERE FOR YOU! ALWAYS!
Truly inspirational Tara
55
Autumn
to w/ fammm
aprendendo....!
looking after these beauties
I don't see how a fancy cake could be better than this one Happy birthday
proof all dogs go to heaven
Keeping baggage from the past will leave no room for happiness in the future.
Happy birthday bebel i love you always men!
Gosh, I really missed Petra! It's so good to watch her again
My Husband
And Australia
happy birthday ateh!!! I hope you have a wonderful birthday
Always Friendship!
Video calling my family was the highlight of my Saturday, a few more days until with them
Story insta
You can and you do start listening in the moment it was out, and since this it's on
khobsurat log cmnt me red heart type karo
S/O to all my BBWS who get appreciated enough
Sending prayers to all the Detroit Free Press marathon runners
the best quality time so far thank you two!!
Good Music!
I love style I love that video ree!
Ang first sentence sa comment ni Ma'am is pero ang second sentence
Hihahihahiha
It really is like winning money!
Congrats babe!
A TODOS NOS PASA IGUAL, QUEREMOS LA 4TA TEMPORADA YA PERO SOLO FALTAN MESES Y LA VEREMOS.
Stream auf Twitch - Traditonal Art
Stream on Twitch - Traditonal Art
Link:
My man in the future
Today it's Xiweol birthday so happy birthday to him and I hope that he has a good day I love him so so much
Happy Sunday Shaheera
I knw tht I'm late
Enjoy the last 3 shows
Drop a "" if you Love me.
Drop a "" if you Like me.
Drop a "" if you have Crush on me.
Drop a "" if you Enjoy
First night with you
Thank you! He finally made it to bed and is sleeping peacefully for the time being.
so beautiful
results
EMP/@willycongs 3s continue their unbeaten run!
They didn't my love, the love I feel from most far outweighs the pettiness of some
Thank you xx
This whole look is just beautiful so obsessed!!!
Takoyaki!
A beautiful part of the world!
Love the place.
Get Ready PJsters for the next GT !
Please Share !
Listening to Heaven by BankyW. in love
Good day at peekaboo cafe
Papi V.
2007 actually gave us such jams.
Over thinking kills happiness. Insecurities kill self-esteem. Lies kill trust.
Nesquik shake x Egg sandwhich
Mad love
hwanghwi looking like actual brothers in 2018
Yesterday I met Corin Nemec, the Parker Lewis team, laura vandervoort, Holly Marie Combs, Brian Krause, Tom welling. blessed
Kuya excited na po ako mareceive yung boooook! Hehe.
God send hapiness to them, i know you know who
Friend Date last night with
Have great day
My world
You worked hard bois!!
Oh my heart
Happy BDay little angel
miss out on new posts on my main account follow me at itskpax itskpax itskpax
A token of love for the anchor of your home!
With from Kigali.
Rita Dominic on the red carpet with SPICE.
More on |
This is just the motivation I needed
Yelling, laughing, giggles from Stray Kids
Ugh my heart
bulong by december avenue is
Hope you have a blessed Sunday
trio ternura
YES! YES! YES! already open my door, please come in
can you trust me please pull me in and hug me
Adele
cr. pointofdaniel
Ang cutie mo po talaga HAHAHAHA. Mahal din kita!
10/30 4PM YESSS ILL WATCH IT WITH MAMA
I JUST MET ANNA AND SAM
2016 to 2018. Although all at different places in our lives, we never fail to remain in contact with one
the friendship between these couples
love the look on and Cha faces when things were fine again
Congratulation
Aww he just gets better looking with age...
Yes to all these.
Perks of dating me:
got a fat ass and a fat heart
I love you so much and thank you my bb, I see you very very soon
good morning
So I come to meet her !
Hi Tol
Gorgeous Beaumaris & the marina ( Caernarfon by night ) loving a bit of Wales
God send me a man and a beautiful relationship like this
5 Ways to Happiness : 1. Don't Hate 2. Don't Worry 3. Live Simply 4. Expect Less 5. Give More
thank ey
Tonight come support Isaac
If you want to chat, my DMs are always open
Norm and Jess
Exciting !!!
Peace be with you! Have a blessed Sunday everyone
Happy birthday love from Trudy and her family
Love this couple Virushka.
Thank you
happy bday tazz! Hope you have a sick day and I hope you enjoyed last night
Your Acting Is Amazing Lovely
Learn to let go. That is the key to happiness.
Mega excited for Blackpool next weekend, seeing the lights, Christmas shopping, going out for food perfect weekend
Some pursue happiness. Others create it.
please come to my 21st and judge everyone
^^
doone! can u rt and like my pinned too?
Bedcation is
Give your life happiness and excitement, not tears and pain.
Baby hair goddess love you famo
Life is about trusting your feelings, taking chances, losing, and finding happiness.
Life is the only place you take the test first then learn the lesson later.
HAPPY SUNDAY
Mm I love
so nice man shit crazy but okay because i know god got me my blessings are still coming
the biggest happy birthday to !! thank you for raising two beautiful people with beautiful souls
Sunday bad
GoOOD NIGHT
The kinda friends I love & need
Frase do dia
Valentine
This year you're mine douthnkbmt!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Don't let circumstances that you can't control, control your happiness.
OMG ! What an amazing art work of
Sema
Most beautiful faces in showbiz.
You left me speechless ah ah ha!
But... all those fit young men in shorts make it worthwhile
Come on! Congratulations
thats okay bb youre not late! thankyou soooo much!!! i loveyouuu
Time to spend the day with my son Arlo
So rather she was a unit and still here tbh. But she is a little barrel
Having a Scott Sunday morning
The amount of happiness that you have depends on the amount of freedom you have in your heart.
cute. Tyler seems to be having more fun then last night. Maybe drunker too. lol. They are adorable!!!
Shit babes.... I'm sorry...
My heartfelt condolences
God bless bebe ni CJ
Thank you for writing this
Happy Birthday our Great King
Bom dia
One word for this Cutie Family
Late Sri Devi with her Hubby and Daughters
Follow
Inquiry
Currently waiting for my tow truck faded taking a shot for the homies that helped me real
Never put your happiness in someone else's hands because that often leads to disappointment.
Just remember that everybody is different and what works for someone else, may not work for you my DMs are
I LOVE YOU fighting lang Love
my most favourite episode ever as far as now...
ms so proud for the way u handle this
We Pauline
Teachers are the greatest inspiration for a young mind in an ever-changing world...
Holy fuck hes back !!! Welcome my bitch
This is my love
8 more years of spending my money i complaining thoo
Thats so sweet of you , back in the day kittyskorp used to be the best bot in the west
linda meu benzinho
))/.:+
Congrats boys
I love you
Teachers inspire, motivate and draw the path a student needs to take.
HAPPY BDAY I've got a malibu & coke ready for when i come down, have a sick day pal
Oh catch up
Congratulations for making to the semis!
Good luck & to Love you Sharky!
Jungkook saying 'secretary' is my happy pill ugh i love this baby so much
Being motivated is a necessity to get where you want.
Happy Birthday Asra
May you have manyyyyy more
Stay Happy & blessed
Yayyyyy.
No I love to ready their story' s. Keep them coming
Thank you for all the great performances on KOMS, Solji! Welcome back!!!
It did! Randomly came across like 5 jams and they were all 2007, had to go back and found all these
missing home babalik na kami dito soon!!!
Happy Birthday Carrie
Three photos showing the dynamics of our marriage so far. Love you
Thank you!
In love with this new track from
Incredible
crush
Where there is TRUE Love, there is no "if" or "maybe"
Love, love changes everything
Ilyy devvv
A Star Is Born. I love the movie! is a gem.
I love youuuuuu always
Profile
Jeon Boram
Born on December 7, 1993
Founder of cr5p's clothing and Freelancer model
U just defined her perfect brooshe s love
Friday was amazing!! Missing you already, thanks for everything
Thank you for visiting at our booth in Taiwan Hoffmann's Toy Box! We are very happy!
You have to commit to your dreams if you're truly serious about it.
two of my fav peeps
God save the king
From Beast to Highlight. Thank you for the 9 wonderful years
Also thank you for making this event a
Aw
i miss you
This kid
Aw thank you
I had hot chocolate before bed in years, I should give that a go!
I made an Insta yesterday its: Kpop_Lovertje_NL
Fuck off
To reach your Destination, you need a Direction, but you can't get there without Inspiration!
Congrats both of you are amazing people!
Whenever a problem arrives, do three things- Face it, Fight it, and Finish it.
THANK YOU TONI!!!
Bhagwa cap Jai Hind
Jai Shree Ram
halo ini pesanan
& Deepika! I'm her biggest fan!
Who
Identify a purpose mammoth enough and you can move a train without the engine...
Congratulations!!! Such a great night and beautiful pieces of art
Idk what do without my momma she always there for me when I need her the most
Congratulations for 100k followers !!
The heroes that inspire us are the ones in which we see a glimpse of our own potential.
cr. ISAWJIHOON
Thank you namesake. I appreciate
xtana_officiel , moikanaa_official
Quentin Tarantino Reads a draft of Kill Bill
Cheers pal
so proud of youuu
I
With Love, nothing will ever be the same
Ayieeee
Rin is my Girl Friend
my little cutie!
Please follow my friend Habiba
non mollare mai...
Thank you so much! I appreciate you
Absolutely love the new hash tag too
I can't you.
isaw dates with u are my favorite
lagi
Thank you so much homegirl
Happy people are always inspirations to the rest of the world. Be an inspiration to others.
Newest edition to our family: Benji!
Pihu [Mobile Upload]
...........................................
Hi ! How y'all have been doing? Took some
Done thank you
Chivettes bored at work (36 Photos)
Thank you. Are those shows recorded?
Bless his heart
[181021] Shen Yue Weibo Update
Trans:
"Occasionally permed hair."
Kiss the r@in
Don't be afraid and hug me
I'm able to buy my own alcohol now, thanks for all the birthday wishes already!
Loool I'm 15. Thank you prof
masih ada
Distance is just a test to know, how far love can travel!
Kolkata !!
at your favourite place
Otw home then will go out to celebrate Bday Salubong!
| SOLO 5 PLAZAS!
&
What makes you feel alive gives meaning to your life.
Happy 4th birthday to the sweetest boy in the world, Stefan I wish him lots of love, happiness, peace abd
Terima kasih awak
at least it was pretty
Love, thoughts, prayers, & thank you Officer Antwan
Love love love
No one is born with Positive Passion. This Power is ignited by Inspiration!
Holy shit it 2:30 am, good night
Love this couple Virushka. -- Team First Buzz
Team Palaban
Va por ti
Weekends at The Oasis
Al Ain
26/27 October
Yes, I'm & Deepika! I'm her biggest fan!
ShahJiii
I my Minis
Just wanna say Your DP dont define you. And I love you
You still have until 25th of November to enroll and discover the joy of functional programming
Those glasses aren't fooling anyone, ladies (41 Photos)
Alright
I hope she appreciates it as much as I do
Wishing for reached 6k followers
moodhby with get_repost
Good morning how my future daughters be raised moodhby
Ich bin dir alles so dankbar
Thank you so much
Thank you for this Video Greetings, such a very down to earth person
HAHAHA kahit pinagtripan mo
Bisan lain akoang paminaw this made my day complete.
SIRYOSO NABA TOOO!????
Its okay
I love them
Follow For More
Live! Don't just Exist! Don't drag through life. Live each day as a Celebration!
Thank you unnieee! I really need it
People who want More must first have the Courage to Walk out of the Door.
weird flex but
Getting my hair dyed today for tour :) feeling confident
Fab album cover art! Love Van.
Damn. Thank you.
No one deserves this more
Now this edit is making me more happy
I got you baby you know that I love you I love you for who you are princess
HS FRIENDSSSSSSSSS!!! SOBRANG SOLID
glad to know sjjssj
thank u
Inspired by hat game
Thanks
Another day to be Thankful the Sun hasn't exploded and destroyed all life as we know it
Mosul university today
Valentine
This year you're mine hongstar_lv!
And you, whom will be yours?
400th
That makes me put that pussy on em every more
I LOVE YOU ALL SOOOO MUCH
TVXQ : SJ : EXO
Family pak geddon
Defence intelligence agent Nemanja Vidic
Happy birthday my Captain
even know them but I just wanna protect this baby so much!
I appreciate you. Love you loads
happy and contented na sayo yieee
PERIOD !!! i go dumb hard behind my brothers
Bonjour toi
Thank you so much my dear
Thank you loves.
(read : imysm)
Got nothing but love you .
You gonna get through this mate.
Haters make us wanna ship Kacchako more bitches
WE LOVE KACCHAKO WE LOVE BAKUGO WE LOVE URARAKA
SHARE!!! My Next Malayalam Movie OKU Title poster... Releasing in a few weeks Former name was Purple now
I love you
-from
I'm so sorry about little Al
Maybe he's running around as a mechanical cat somewhere? Like his namesake?
A movement very dear to my heart thank you for the shoutout
Proper champion right there
More than FRIEND'S
SeaView With Brother & Czn
buti pa sila may ganyang relationship. I am proud of those pumpernickel sandwiches. Keep it up.
absolutely stunning
yesss
Epic performance last night of Tube. you're all bloody great!
Dogs stay with you. They never leave us
Babygirl chasity
All of these are so good
and the Is That Alright? In my opinion, that's also such a wonderful song
Good morning first day for rehearsal
KEBAB KELLE BAHANE LAHMACUN
Being Secretary to the British Flower and Vibrational Essence Association is a huge honour.
In times of probs talaga eh hayyyyy
everything about u is just so perfect
Wonderful. Thank you for sharing this lovely quote. Xx
Song cry
this are real heros.... man i crying we should NEVER forget this and remind further generations what happens
ding dong
UUU KAK YENA JUGA SAYANG.
Gorgeous I really look forward to your pics and videos...thanks for sharing xx
Hes already done that
Baby girl is 2 months today
will be so packed next week! is so amazing! can't wait to see pictures and videos!
Away from the blinding city lights Argao, Cebu
ahh man really sorry...if you ever need anyone to vent to or whatever always here
Thank you!!!
Meditation keeps you grounded and gives you peace. Sending peace and to you.
main hoe
ice blast
Ole claro
now you can't wash it so you have to buy another one hehe glad you had an awesome day
Those stretch marks
Thank you Oliver
Byee...
Nd yes m missing all..
But dont know what...
But urgh let it be...
R H
Cheers bro
Ever since I was a kid
Valentine
This year you're mine Shatha134!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Go check out my instagram account and new photo
what time does the meetup start tomorrow as it says 10-1 and then 11-2 so confused!!
Happy Birthday very special Woman love you
Love it when he does that!
Valentine
This year you're mine Lida_Lynch!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Short sad story ..
I found a love But its not for me . .
~the end~
so proud of you all
Thank you!
The gangs all here
Newly Christened by the following
Beatrix Bunny (by Orla)
Pandora Panda (by Nell)
Edwina
being a aunty is the best
Yesterday was a blast u julieee luv uuu!
Life isn't about your final moments, its about the moments that led up to them.
Happy Birthday!!!
And that will be appreciated
That picture above Thats hilairious sorry but it is funny
I love this!
Love this!
Thank you
Happy Birthday ate
Merci mon chat ( wola je ten veux pas
Valentine
This year you're mine ksssiop!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Amy will always be remembered
thank you for such a positive, special, and memorable night
T'es partout toi
P' loves Nong Perth na.
HD Snaps!!
Cute Smile
;((((
Be still my beating heart!
Alrighty babe that's fine..
Happy Birthday to the Queen
Oh just love that Ed!
handsome
Merci beaucoup !!
is my baby girl
Namiss ko to
PUBG is Life!
People act like they need someone to be happy but once u start to love your self a different feeling u
Gracias beba.
Happy Sunday everyone!
Here is the MAHARSHI Motion poster
I turn Picture into Video Hope u like it all
Selma Blair Reveals Multiple Sclerosis Diagnosis | Hollywood Reporter - you go. You go. a light
You're more than welcome! I hope you have a lovely day!
thank you angel
See as you fine . Stewwwww
I love this woman
thank u angel
Valentine
This year you're mine Shatha134!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Only God can save us from all these packaged foods. And thank God it came out for you to see. Stay safe dear.
my precious angel i miss you so so much
Loool yes bro
Amen
Dessin fait par moi
Time 1h
RT & FAV
Solomon Islands:
Mate Ma'a Tonga fans singing the Australian National Anthem.
Family
Ma man looking fabulous as always so happy for him and Ana
Tatlong Bibe
Shami Deserved a place in ODIs Team..
What a comeback..
Lead a happy life
Thank you Evelyn Dietzel for this piece of art
Hope she is there in project and paras too
Welcome to the Christian world my nephew Jep Papas
Wish to see you and onscreen soon It will be more than a treat ..
Permanent
Hi friends!
October - Black Cat Awareness Month
mn
iloveyouuuusomuch, love
Wow. What a beautiful lady
Ha - I love that!
hi your the cutest love you sm
Your voice is the bridge to my
Till they eyes meet
Dessin fait par moi
Time 1h
RT & FAV
Wait for hentai
omg i hope they are okay!! i hope the damage wasn't too severe and they have a speedy recovery so sorry that happened
YOUR THE BEST THE WAY YOUR ARE YOU SO PRECIOUS I LOVE YOU FREAKING SO MUCH CHANDU
I really just stayed up to clean my whole house... well at least my baby is going to come back to a clean home
This is just so intense, God EDG will not give up. Come on FNC, let's close it out, let's end this crazy day. We want EU vs NA
Yup we r super excited
Family
Love You mm
Tribute To Sir Ayub Bachchu AB Hooe You all like it
Full Song Coming soon.....
Sune janio choto part ta kemn
I love this guy
He always shows up for me!
..
As you all know.. Instagram can be deceiving. It can paint an
Hotties
Write your name by using this emojis
A B C D E F
G H
I am losing followers but look at the number i got now and it makes me soft
1485
I love that and tag me in tweets with elephants and insider jokes. Like wow, are amazing humans
You are welcome, it was a pleasure to wish Boca good luck Oooo, they tied 0-0 in a boring
HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAAHHA but still hes my number oneeEeeee
Pls rt
DOT DOT DOT - Hoonyoung
tag
1st
Hotties
That reflection
Kaas Pathar - Valley of Flowers
Congratulations to CEO on your New music on the way ft and !!!
Ode mnie dla Irka
strong is the new pretty
I love this song so much
labyu more hehehe deee, go my Verniedeth Yvonne Caldo!! Let's go for "with honors" ayieeee mwa
We love this man! Comedian is up next
Lovely pic of
SeaView With Brother & Czn
Can't believe that 'someday' turned out to be coming in two days. Thank you namjoon
Wish to see you and onscreen soon It will be more than a treat ..
let's get it on
hmua: tadushe sampel
so sorry for what happened in Man U but it was a sign we need to meet there
MY FIRST STORY SSS TOUR
Official Merch
Happy Sunday weekend
our Chief
Best Indian Serials Songs
thank u
She does that! Pretty sure going to change the world
Wala be
This support between europeans team is wonderful !
this is my type of goals
Grateful for another day and another beautiful
Follow her she's newbie and my friend
Chive U offers full-ride to Mia from SDSU (30 Photos)
Thank you Lord ! feeling blessed at The Metropolitan Cathedral of Our Lord's Transfiguration, Palo Leyte
Always fight for the things you love
Wow Love you
certain things that I adore
i u too
Tea but they already knew that
Wow
Thank you for the goldfish and my picture.
I saved the picture
The pattern on
Otro por md
Can't wait
Camera for sure sister
should pull a Kim K. Get famous over night boo. I'm looking out for you
S. T. U. N. N. I. N. G!
&
Styled by: stylistjbolin
Dress by:
I hope he knows how loved and appreciated he is. He deserves everything good in this world
OMG QUEEN YOU LOOK AMAZING Love you pumpkin
"A total eclipse of the heart" Un'eclissi totale del cuore...
Thank you camilly great
Miamargo Slummedit Costakidz
Morning mommys going to do some work on her
Aww.
Namiss ko to!!!! Driving alone w/ December Ave's playlists
She'll be fine very soon :)
Prayers.
voice appreciation tweet
Steve Bride sent me to keep an eye on you all
i love you bulbs!! thank you hehe
My heart goes out to you as well my lovely you do amazing helping others and your
u are always enough :)) don't be sorry just becuz u are u
this for a spam on my like acc bc im like limit here
Lovely birthday surprise one of , if not the funniest guy in football .
OUIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII tomwelling parismangascifishow Merci mon amour saiyajink_tattoo
Seaview
Maroon one dress our . Thank you for sharing pic with us
Thank you so much for everything last night proper sorted me out
find you Again love
Thank you for your "bday gift", What a lovely read. Will write my review after I finish picking up
Awwwe damo naman ako natandaan. I love how so sweet and conservative at the same time.
Ieri Terme Viterbo... la Debora e me
"StarLaunch"
100% Cotton $13 Graphic Tee
Follow
Like Our Posts
Happy Birthday my friend Annie Thompson
OMIGOSH SHE'S SO CUTE!!! >////<
Thank you I'm hoping the finished tree photographs well - the pink opals look like tiny magnolia flowers
Behind every mask there is a face, & behind that a story.
~Marty Rubin
Congratulations Edith, so well deserved Such a shame your special moment was upstaged by
Today's color scheme. Light Crimson. Vivid Vermilion. Light Red Ochre. Pink-Orange. Dark Scarlet.
Share if you
Rick is selfish.
Family Goals
Darmendra with his Family
Follow
Inquiry iumarajaz
.
.
.
.
.
Always always always! has the sweetest heart!
JANINE
by Janine Berdin
Lovely pic of
aw thanks bro, cheers needed that
ONCE LOVE YOU SO MUCH sana, momo, tzuyu, nayeon, jungyeon, jihyo, mina, dahyun, chaeyoung
Thank you sa libre kuya melvin!
I love this.
(Not sure about this guy's 'retweet this!!' style tho - on all the tweets - weird)
Oua ngalo ia#TokoUso is real! Living in peace and harmony!
Day 45 on so proud of my small breasts and still to scared to buy a bra >~<
follow me for a followback
No One Can Do What You Do My Love
This whole thread is amazing. So happy for you
Hello How are you? hi im very exhausted im still on my way back from a trip
miss ko na areng beauty and brain na vice president ng pasteur dati eh. Ingatan ang heart. lablab.
Valentine
This year you're mine Shatha134!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Morning people
Czn's with jigr's at OCEAN MALL
Smiling
I love you
Bom dia
QUE SABE TUDO
This.
Ayee np stay blessed and JazakALLAH
KEBAB KELLE BAHANE LAHMACUN
Follow Me
I F B
Follow Me
I F B
Follow Me
I F B
Follow Me
Bless him but which one will he buy?his got 30 ish hrs
We will never forget them..... God bless you Aberfan
looking beautiful
Thankyou so much
I love you still,today m spreading love
You can tell by our feed we're inspired by
Lol, I be hating that aww your really a mommy love youu
It was alright beautiful
Elle soft music
jurelma_zau
Love you so much 2018 Son of a Bitch is awesome
tempered rajud diay huhuhuh thank you Lord God!!!
Thank you so much
Follow Me
I F B
Follow Me
I F B
Follow Me
I F B
Follow Me
You are loved
One of the best videos I've watched in years!!! South African spirit & talent warms my heart
We love you too!
Weekends at with
Omg thank you so much
Sunday
Boy l' homme au grand tu
this is beautiful
Thank you so much !!! You are so special !! All, you are amazing yesterday it was perfect ! Come
amazing. Still get over how creamy the eyeshadows are, every little detail is amazing. You should be so proud
Gracias
Hey you are so pretty
birthday Juanito Alfonso
luv, carmela wannabe
Last day of catching these Hidden Heroes
OnScreen Laiyum Sari OffScreen Laiyum Sari Thalapathy Always Mass & Cute
Unseen Click of
Fanchart from ARMY in VietNam
I hope you will watch it
having fun
So pretty you all And so proud of you lilly that you didnt fall
Breakfast in bed for the little princess I'll take a half 10 lie in for a Sunday!
Four eyes are better than two (61 Photos)
You do epic things with basic people.
You know how much I LOVE you
Another successful +8hr stream
STORYTIME | I'M CHARGING 15K TO PARTY WITH ME?? via
I loved this!
Awthose times are so! Fvckin memorable! lalo na yung 1st RSPC in GS!
Cleaned the house top to bottom yesterday so all about chillin & fave show binging with my Matthew
I think the whole world cried, it made me miss the moment when I had my daughter.
happy birthday babygirl! Many more to come inshaAllah!
Take care of you today sweetie!
Podoba mi film Bailando Despacito de Luis Fonsi y Daddy Yankee. w
Handsome boys
Favorite player Boss man. How much we miss him in defence.
15
Goodmorning
Wow, Alia's Burp + Deepika's Grace = I'm sold!
Happyy Biirthday legend
Jesus Jesus Jesus
Co cute
Oh hi there. What can I get you today.
But its okay, i always pray for your happiness . Idk i nak balik johor juga masatu i need to be there
So proud of her
finally in bed
Solomon Islands:
Mate Ma'a Tonga fans singing the Australian National Anthem.
Bom dia
Love the whole album but Totally Worlds Away and Heaven x
issa day gyucheol posted~~
You will find true happiness when you surrender yourself to Jesus
Valentine
This year you're mine alleluiiaaa!
And you, whom will be yours?
Beauty with brains
cr. ISAWJIHOON
Wu and Wen
My son
I just love it when I follow someone and they quietly follow back
Shout out to you all
If Only You Knew-Patti Labelle
Franchement merci pour le fou rire en tout cas
19 years later, thanks god I find you back ! Never lose faith God is great - Happy Sunday
you need to apologize we understand and respect your decisions just stay here and love you WE STAN A QUEEN
10/10/2018
Aria Valentina
Perhaps if only the truth were to be spoken
Hit and I'll bang out another
Anneonghaseyo ! Your so pretty today *shy ! shy! shy!
-
BET 2 TWO BET CHALLENGE!
if following!
She does that! Pretty sure going to change the world
I needed this show ~ 10/10 pleased // I music
LEEDS: You are here I LOVED doing this for a customer in incorporating loads of
wHY SO CUTE
Sundate
have to come back soon to Paris ! I had too many tears in my eyes that I see the
I love & miss you too
Happy 18th Birthday babe ! Xx
Hi! I think we have interacted yet or have not interacted much
te amo muchisisisimo sos hermosa
Shoulder by shoulder we stand with you and support you.
Future leader and a reformer.
God bless you.
happiest 18th birthday kitne q! stay sweet and matampuhin, keep ok? i love you!
hihe
Valentine
This year you're mine lelekrispi!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
The best birthday evahhhh Thanks for all the wishes, and thank you for being part of mylife ly Kluang
BUDDY loves you and HE says have a good day. hehe
My two faves.
Coffee and reading
Dear heart healthcare is not a business. Nor is education, housing, crime, poverty, water, green spaces,
Hope you slept well
a Tinting kind of day Isle Beauty and Training
Bad day? That's okay! Just watch tiger Hongjoong :')
Do you want to go for a walk ? This was the reply I think that's a no then lazy buggers
Thank you for the chance to win a luxury hotel break.
hihiq sweet parang candy
- Wherever the art of medicine is loved, their is also a love of humanity :))
always here for you Ben
Ahh thank you so much . I promise you can eat them
thank you
Family comes first Waterbom Jakarta
Felicity loves this tote bag
Thanks for saying this
Thank you for the chance to win a luxury hotel break.
Please take 5 minute of your day to support positive reform of the for our & siblings
WE STAN THE MOST TALENTED GIRL GROUP.
PERIOD
I've never seen you so hyped about a player huggy!
best birthday gift
Happy birthday gorgeous miss u cousin
Shy bat
LESS THAN 400K TO REACH 100M!!!! go go go carats
thank you dso much arren! hope is well with you
happy to have her
Kape kape cupcake cupcake
OH NO IM SO SORRY!!!! YOU DID WHAT YOU COULD
Sobrang unexpected Lord!
intheecloset: Lana Banana
Some blog & biz inspiration at the end of the week!
Ganderton wedding!! James Ganderton Kayleigh Samantha
Valentine
This year you're mine vvlarvltn!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Congratulations!
You are so cute omg
Diana, Princess of Wales
.
Follow my new Pinterest page for more of Diana
.
fresh from bacolod
Awww... mushy mushy.. Omo mummy ... Wish her speedy recovery btw.
Im so proud of you
Follow my Instagram
If I'm still not right tomorrow that is absolutely my plan
I love you with all my
Love Birds Clicked Together
Virat Kholi and Anuskha Sharma
Follow
Inquiry iumarajaz
.
.
.
.
Happy Birthday
Try to be kind whenever possible and its always possible.
Awhh thank you lovely
When given the choice between being right or being kind. Choose kind.
Dante Alebrije
the best talaga to
Thank you for the chance to win a luxury hotel break.
been a difficult week for me but wow this weekend has been amazing. in a good place in my life
I know who requested all those classic mashups all night at but thank you. I know I needed that
What would I do without probably cry less about all the ARs. But then I have the best
thank you so much darren! hope is well with you and everything
MUSTAFA KEMAL
En pocas palabras son mi de
Favorite band mo? madami pero recently planetboom
Happy birthday sid have a great day xx
~SHOW ME~
[JUNGKOOK]
I Love You
I Love you JK
Hope you enjoy cooking with it
heute den ganzen Tag.
I like me better when I'm with you.
Still this and happy times hold the greatest memories
(Credit Paula Williams)
My fever go away just like that as soon as I reach home. I don't need a doctor I just need my mom
Always here Ben! helped me through my darkest times too!
Oh babe. Been there
Please take 5 minute of your day to support positive reform of the for our & siblings
love you for who are!
X5 DAYS TO GO. So incredibly grateful. Hope to see you there. Yours in and light. Roesh
Hope you have a better day today, you & Mom both
cutest humss teacher? :0 Social consruct lang yan. Pero honestly? LAHAT kami
And she looks VERY happy!
happy birthday babes have an amazing day
Post Thanksgiving Day celebration at the Church
GREAT IS THY FAITHFULNESS
Love this
ri_iagarcia
VISUALS VISUALS VISUALS Be healty always!
Thank you so much Dave my beautiful BFF Hope you have an amazing Sunday!
Hehehe
SWARA
Ps : power cut
I get over your hair yesterday! This hairstyle looked SO GOOD!!! love that
This is such a great shot, Darren We're chuffed you're a fan!
He's finally happy, thank you Lord for granting my last wish.
Happy Aniversary to the man I Love
Thankyou for bring my husband,my partner,my lover and my best friend. I
-
Jolene by on
My heart grew three sizes reading this. I'm so glad you had fun!
Baby jimin
YOU'RE REALLY WORK HARD NAMJOON
Melted my heart
welcome to hjstagram, a photo account dedicated to seventeen's joshua! follow & rt to spread the word
Wedding
To all my wonderful tweeps
by the way.
Please take 5 minute of your day to support positive reform of the for our & siblings
thanks
Omg yes!!! I love this so great when friends from high school are kicking ass and happy as fuck!
aww thankyou so much !!!
If you want your day made, watch this
Always happy to see you in the side. This man always gives his all
I just wanted to thank you guys for an amazing night! Sobrang nag enjoy ako. Nice to meet you all. Till next.
I am very alright with you having become a kitten account. Silvie is the cutest, gosh.
my girl
London London, United Kingdom
unsa ang characteristics ni princess? Selfie queen HAHAHAHA buotan nga pabebe achuchuchu
W/ lang
to one that possesses beauty n intellect, wishing u many more candles to blow.. i miss you talliah
You always share lit tweets with me and youre one of the people happy I met this year
ILY
I am & Deepika! Me biggest fan!
Goodmorning dear Jose & Friends
parisfenty18
Get out with your love! Get from Hannover to Augsburg right now!
Please take 5 minute of your day to support positive reform of the for our & siblings
5 years ago, God placed an Angel into my life
Finally got it from u
Tanq
Alane oka rply kuda evvandi sir
touch down taguig.
Beautiful flowers from my amazing boyfriend I love him so much
Mars
this
Bom dia ,
Holy Mary Combs is a small bean
Aww! This made my morning!! I have to work 8-4 today & slept so I need all of the sweet tweets I can get today!
Missed all the fun but read everything..... Interesting Great play Terry! Next time I'm in
Don't cry baby
I've always supported you and I'll always do
My 2nd digital painting art..!! For Zayn's new song..!! FINGURES
'Cause my fingers ain't working,
my heart
Mitii
I am missing you
Aesey dost hon to dushmanon ki zurorat ni hoti
WangXian kiss sketch.
*rolls around*
Valentine
This year you're mine Natalia_Tyan1!
And you, whom will be yours?
I love Jiachengs
Isn't great.
Get better today
(@get_repost)
Believe in yourself.
If you don't believe you can
Thank you so much! This just made my day That usually happens to me in the real life more than here.
We will never forget them
3
wow this would be AMAZING
Congratulations to this beautiful couple! I wish you many wonderful experiences in your life together.
So Cute I fell in love to you
You already know relly! REAL all the way...
she's using lux & cheek lip stain
You too Pals you too
u can tell exo really misses us in these fancams just as missed them
Ahora y siempre
/ |
/ /
/
/_/
I didn't mean to say what I said
Kiss and make up
Thank you!
Perfection
Please take 5 minute of your day to support positive reform of the for our & siblings
What a man, what a legend. Happy birthday, Wilbz
treat us well with all these posters of Exept Iain hasn't a lot of screening in
Love you too
this is so lovely
Suki sunshine
happy birthday my love. Have the best day ever ! ly lots xxxx
Nothing beats time spent with family.
& at Louden Swain Saturday Night Special Credit: dreamerdaz
Bunun
RT RT Ich bin Live Ich lade dich -lich ein Wir spielen Paladins
an & kind of playlist today
my heart
Nah but ofc it's diff with Yuri, don't training in a company, give up playing piano coz it's expensive but still I love both of them
petit
Bedango with sisturrr rennie
Thank you for taking me to every high school dance I wait to dance all my dances with you
Please take 5 minute of your day to support positive reform of the for our & siblings
i love you
That's my
this. is. so. much. i love you, Lord
In time, My love
To one that possesses beauty n intellect, I wish u many more candles to blow.. i miss you talliah
Roasting each other is part of a healthy relationship
lovely here a nip in the air but the sun is put
Oh zo
My baby
Better picture now it's dried love a book to illustrate
you both deserve a break and thank you for working hard. going to listen to 6 figures on loop while i wait
God bless you all
!
Finally got to hang out with
Please take 5 minute of your day to support positive reform of the for our & siblings
Remembering Aberfan
A mind-blowing IMAX experience! Thanks for a CD, !
Im so happy to finally see you with someone who's happy to have you
my everything
Have mercy on me god
Anyone everyone,
And don't know about Famous n all,
But yes , is a nice human being
I election night.
i love being unhealthy
Thank you God for the gift of family.
Whatever the situation that I have now, I always have them at my back.
I loved going to Starbucks with you my love peppermint mochas are soooo good I pumpkin spice too!
UwU SinRin
aloneww
So good I like it both
Belgium And the black youngblood hoodie
One Direction was, is and will remain the BIGGEST BOY BAND ON EARTH
"A total eclipse of the heart" Un'eclissi totale del cuore...
Ultima parte
Tyty
Please take 5 minute of your day to support positive reform of the for our & siblings
; ne & bea
Nicomaine is home as well.
LenaRaySOS happening soon-ish.
Join us for a groovy horseback ride! Perfect for your next family vacation.
Yicem "hammm"
To one that possesses beauty n intellect, I wish u many more candles to blow.. missing you talliah
The Bakery
Oleta Adams - Window of Hope.
my luv hyohyun ~
Papy Jean-Marie
I will never get sick of listening to this
Source: YouTube
Jangan lupa buat dan follow akun twitter dan juga Fanpage facebook
the sweetest
Ti ringrazio!
Te amo tanto
Hyoyeon & Seohyun big heart at concert
Handsome
here's a gofundme!
Thank you beautiful girl!
thanks for the
I accept that
This foo
When sober you takes care of drunk you by having your bed ready and your water bottle filled
Final collection before vacation from ... Thank you so much see you on twitter after
Not long now or?
so proud of our little Bean continuing to grow into our own little person. I
Please take 5 minute of your day to support positive reform of the for our & siblings
hometown :-)
Walaupun oreo jeeee pun but i found that the most simple things can bring the most happiness . Alhamdulillah
Reply with ifb and follow first 100 people who like and retweet this tweet
luv u my team yey
Today it's Xiweol birthday so happy birthday to him and I hope that he had a good day I love him so so much
thank you what a beautiful gay
I love you my angels!
Diana, Princess of Wales
.
Follow my new Pinterest page for more of Diana
.
Please your prayers will be very much appreciated for my 3yr old daughter, she is having a seizure for a
incredible! Thank you babe. Adore you
Valentine
This year you're mine starleolight!
And you, whom will be yours?
Dimanche plaid/Netflix/chocolat chaud
Thank you!
Date with Me at
amateur handjob ass licking big tits at school shaking
so very welcome my beautiful and dear BFF it will be now thank you so much
Kizzy and Chico, 3 months on. I have so much love for these two thanks for helping me find my
Discovered this music thanks to Alex and Maggie - Sanvers.. they sound great!
It was very much sarcastic. glad there is support out here from your gender.
thankyou
Thank you!
finally homeee!
Smoochy face
Whatsapp number tu awak
Congratulations to CEO on your New music on the way ft and !!!
no need
Congrats on your graduation baby mira!
We love u ! Thank u for working hard
Welcome home,
A MAN WITH DREAMS..
NEEDS A WOMAN WITH VISION
I LOVE YOU MY GIRL
thanosssssssssss
Merci beaucoup
Amo esse caraaaai
Mew has claimed spot again till back
376M
(375,695,113 view)
Namiss ko to!!!! Driving alone w/ December Ave's playlist
Rasik x Jyoti. An Adventure Goodbye.
stole this from someone and since im jobless so hit for the answers uwu
Do whichever you want
NCT In Paris :
GOT7 In Paris :
hi ate! good luck on ur game everytime na nakikita kita na stastarstruck ako hehe. Awww thank you!!
Thank you. I was inspired by South Asian clothing.
Valentine
This year you're mine DiKaplee!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Seeing Zanele win makes me really happy. She is such a genuine and kind person. Nobody deserves it more
Daytime Shooting Star
Heyyy I love the Black Youngblood Hoodie, I'm from France
Thanks for doing this
Follow Karen Bhai Ko 2K Aj Complete Hojana Chahia Celebrity Banado Larky Ko
Follow Follow Follow
Prenesi joj moje cestitke
Welcome
sooooo cuteeeee this bond is just
Oh no, it's not a problem! I'm really happy for you!! xx
End of an epic chapter
The new one begins
seokhan is love
A Bond so Precious . A Bond so adorable
Finally! Thank you
Makes us proud of the part we played in journey.
I'm just waiting for the acrylic konbat chains :)
Hahahaha selow Pi everything gonna be alright
Aw Soph, HUGE congrats!
Chin Chin and Chill. From Africa with Stock up at and celebrate the good things
You are
lullaby
let me
If you do
To me
Moon u
Fly
I am me
Teenager
To star
baby have I told you your the best and I love you at all lately ? cuz I love you!! And ur the best
You looked very dapper bro
Miss Jackson
I lol'd. Proper lol'd.
Ramai kecam Neelofa, but I love her personality
Are you a lover or a hater ?? I'm a lover
killing me
SEE YOU IN MANCHESTER
Juanito Alfonso is
Iris - The Goo Goo Dolls
good luck babe sending you positive vibes
I miss you everyday
And please, follow me?
The rain of today
The electricity of today
Lemme fist buy the Benz
Thank you beautiful
Exactly. Be kind to yourself
she's cutting onions this morning.
welcome back uri leader SOLJI unnie
MY GODDESS IS BACK
IM READY TO FOLLOW U TILL THE END OF TIMES
MY EVERYTHING SOLJI
out NOW!! Have a listen to our very first music video via the link below
SWEETIE IM SO PROUD OF U
Awee thank you guys!
I was able to meet IRL tonight and it was just as delightful as I thought it would be!
Good morning all my LFC family. Another 3 points that's all that matters Have a great day wherever you may be
My biases are Johnny, Kun, & Jeno idk why but they make me genuinely happy whenever I see them and
Skin will
The new Arachind Gear is available now.
Double tap = big support
Welcome
: thread bc i love my girls so much
I fucking love my best friend and always there for me
Thanks Daffy
if you go down into the woods today, will I be in for a surprise? xxx
You make it real by
Love
Tahani
you are awesome!
Hugs from Australia
TY Orca for supp..
Thank you, so broken but trying to seek justice somehow
Loool why thank you
Go for it! Everyone needs bright, cheerfulness in there lives. If going to brighten your soul then DO IT!
Ary thank you
omdzz actually ready to go halves
i like you kasi you're such a good and sweetheart ate so talented pa !!
Thank you love you too
PLEASE RT RT RT
My friends nephew is MISSING...
Lets get this boy home safe
: thread bc i love my girls so much
welcome and thank you so much big hugs back with lots of love
Why so cute baby?
Celebrates
With Brothers lovelyMoments
That soul-crushing moment as a kid when you find out that the human heart is not at all shaped like this
I love my most perfect boyfriend sooooo much
Lemme first buy the Benz
December weekend breaks
With Rye only 5 minutes drive up the road the perfect place to get those special
Hello everyone I start this support account today, I hope you like it
It's a brand new day with God
Love you handsome lol
My Idol
My sister Kate is LOVING your book. So inspirational Please can you retweet?
Does anyone know if and are going on the Strictly Tour 2019? Would love to see you guys
To celebrate our 10 years of marriage Peter and I went to Berlin this weekend. We started out in Tiergarten
Prayers for everyone
FELICIDADES BONITA
Aww, thanks man - it was an absolute pleasure to meet and hang out with you. Meant every word I said about your work!
:(((( stay positive sure all be back to normal soon
The queen is finally back
I love this spot by the lake and I love this phrase too
Sorry to hear this John ))), illness is a soul healing
Ella mai x shot clock
Vm on Aashqui2 trailor !
"Meri Aashqui ub tum hi ho "
The smell of the Mersey wake me up
Love you too pal, I marched for you too
Happy birthday, stay hyper and cute!! miss review classes with youuu
Tumhen bh khush rkhen ge. Shamil ho jao.
off to redem
Looove the breezy and cloudy weather. Sana ganito na lang everyday.
Damm girl!!! I'm so proud of you
early dinner
.
.
.
.
.
OldTown
Tanginang breakfast ng 5pm to
goko rice gusto ko eh..piccolo rice din tsaka vegetta rice hihi
I know.
Thank you!
Happy birthday, sweet Pr Moriarty
Starting off my morning routine the right way
Thanks so much gorgeous
25 dollars in dedication to my dad !
I love you Appa !
Snapchat - BlushSnaps
To celebrate our 10 years of marriage Peter and I went to Berlin this weekend. We started out in Tiergarten
I miss my dog. This dog understands how I feel all the time
Never judges me
Andun na si meeeeeeng! Mah heart
Thank you!
happy bday bro
they're all so cute and kulit AAAAH
this!!!
It's Get Cool!!!!
welcome
Wow, my dream has come true.. the legendary and their record label now follow me.
Love you
Last night I witnessed a roadman tell his pal need a
I love this rugged coast thanks for the memories
Happy Sunday
Bobby
View from the hotel's roof top terrace last night Well, if you've gotta work a weekend, you deserve a treat,
thank you
Sobrang blessed namin. TyL
Mi Juls
We're so glad to welcome new members to this FanMily!
Lots of love
found clementines at the store!!!! they smell like Christmas when you open them up
Shareefoo now announce November 11th as the day
How stunning is this makeup look by Lina at our Jumairah branch? Model: the gorgeous Belle Femme Bueaty Salon
- Fedor
glittery gal coming thru as a beautiful fairy godmother.
Well done ! no1. Such an inspirational read
Sunday Church meet ups! loveyou ladies!!! Blessed of
Welcome home, and
I love that they get lost in reading I could easily get lost in that with them!
Nothing can compare to the all night grind sessions I have had playing videos games with some of my best friends.
B this is cute !!!
Don't move
Morning early bike ride, music by , keeps you going and going
Fingers no hesitation
with my piggy bank earlier
Ur chappal is beautiful.. Mujay b assi hi chappals passnad hn
I know you like dogs meet our new puppy in the family
Everything in life is not permanent, i love my wife to be
You're such an inspiration.
Aww, thank you, Giulia! I miss my little Italian sisters!
Dedicated to my amazing other half your doing me so proud!
handle with care
Netflix + algoritmit =
Watch out for this soon! Featuring
Ms.
Father & son
HappPPPy Sunday guys
I these girls!
Love u
It was scary, but we kinda knew that he was going to be alright.
Valentine
This year you're mine cmripyi!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
new shoes
Thank you!! I got it last tour
It was a good day.
So happy for us, fam!
33hours To Go Rebelstar prabhas birthday
Thank you!!
Installing Snapchat. Drop your snap id.
Will add
onlyrippedgirls:
Murir Rodriguez Download high quality pic here Follow, Like and
who is hyped today for big gaws? LIKE
Miss you
onlyrippedgirls:
Roberta Zuniga Download high quality pic here Follow, Like and
I love you
onlyrippedgirls:
Yanita Yancheva Download high quality pic here Follow, Like and
YES
Baby
Every time I listen to this album (which is a lot) wondered about those kids. This is beautiful
Girl crush oy why man
I love it Gary sunshine enjoy xxxxx
Thank you Uz.
week
Wow just amazing and awesome
I love you Anji!! I'll think about the latter part this year
O M G!
Finally! Thank you
10-21-18
my new sweater from mixing fashion with a good cause.. for every one sold, is
met after six years of mentions all i needed for my birthday tuesday, like i feel 16 all over again.
happy birthday Anne
Sometimes you are so wrapped up in your own life you forget how special the times are you spend with your loved ones
naraid66
slaotocbf#x
ok carry on then
IQa
I hope has a good day
Appreciated
Morning beauts Sunday Riddle! Put your Answer below
I love so much this song very cool
Sending my love
Indiebandjes uit 2005 were my first love and they will be my last
Her is hilarious.
I love you
have a good sunday
lemonade is life
Nothing, just bored.
I adore her
Always big time grateful for being able to do what I love to do every week.
Happy birthday to the rightful Maureen Johnson
Just a regular day in the life of
I wonder what this told you but thanks a lot bobbie
Means a lot lot lot..!!!
P.S: Did Stevie
One of my favourite moments
Matt Ryan always drops a madness for yer son on FPL
Welcome
Day by day, I realize u mean a world to me
LOVE THIS!
i hope never forget how much i love n proud to have you in my life! i miss u sweet heart, have fun
I really want to hear this live I miss you
Mercii mon pheno
: Happy birthday babe hope you have a beautiful day and may God continue to bless you.
I am a Real Madrid fan but I hate it when I see a player get injured
Get well soon Leo
ganz viel Negasonic Teenage Warhead und Domino
You're welcome. Haha, the things we do for CNCO. - They have many of us hooked.
Valentine
This year you're mine hbjjychd!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
I fricking loved this when it came out.
Happy Weekend Friends laugh out loude and stay happy
Thank you so much!
Please can you retweet my tweet Gary for my sister Kate
Nemu ini tadi, terus semangat spreading love ya nder
Sending you love and support Awww Thank you!
Today's color scheme. Light Crimson. Vivid Vermilion. Light Red Ochre. Pink-Orange. Dark Scarlet.
HAHAHAHAHA SORRY I CAN'T welcome!
please RT and show some love
Who can believe him when he says 'I'm not cute'? He is the fluffiest
Hi ! Not in pic cause sold out . Will sell at another event next time
I want to change the
Even if I have lost mine.... I say a very BIG AMEN to your prayers.
okay
24 HOUR RRP Follow me & RT to + tag a friend
Ends Midnight 22/10/18. No
Dianne is so cute towards joe and so happy they get on so well as she is the sweetest
Thoughts about JG? May crush yan saakin, for sure.
had the best birthday weekend ever all thanks to my . unforgettable.
This clasico moment was
Mana aqui tem todos os links
Wonyoung, soon to be the It girl. Waaah. She can soon join Miss Universe
Happy happy sweet 16th to my one and only Co-marvelite sa classroom Wala ako mapost na
Through despair and hope
Through faith and love
Morning
Your smile my baby
Miss U
Thanks hun and she has a heart of Gold
Kabibo sa mga ppl oy. Happy Lanzones Festival Camiguin!
Valentine
This year you're mine lalalupsi_yo!
And you, whom will be yours?
I love seeing the Dutch language. It warms my heart because it makes me think about my Oma and Opa.
Surely will
Lazy Sunday Morning
Hustling From Home today! Hot Chocolates and Blankets
Use this day to refuel your
Good morning
I know I definitely forget about this.
Ur smile is worth more precious than diamonds
ilyohihynd i love you oliver hampton i hope not dead
Me Hoon Na
Hey followback please Rachel
I cant help falling in love with you
Lovely
I'm not a coffee person, but had the best coffee this morning
We adore you more
day well spent with
You're welcome!
SOYA IS A REAL ARTIST Y'ALL !!
SOYA COLOR PROJECT DONE
SHOW
OASIS
Y-SHIRT
ARTIST
I just watched your dance & it was so beautiful it made me cry
wd elem classmates earlier
forever be greatful to support someone who cares of others and use his socials medias to
.
.
.
and we are loving it! .
.
For serious inquiries,
Eevee tachi so sweet
Love you too
Thank you!
Adorable... as always
About to watch Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire in the cinema . My favourite story of them all
All my pictures are on my computer broken but Happy Birthday to this lovely girl
Thanks friends ag sa mcdo etc
Pastor Arnold and Pastora Grace.
MARK THIS DAY PPL !! THIS IS THE FIRST TIME NA SINABIHAN AKO NI ART NG MAGANDA. HAHAHA THANKYOUUU
Happy birthday Jasmine
Charlotte's Webb. The girl and the strain that changed the world's perspective on cannabis
speechless... relived the memories
Three years ago at the Back to the Future anniversary screening
Mr. My ED35 Hundred Percent Free
Yeeeeeeesss!! loving it
QUEEN
mamawam did this
[idm] BTS JUNGKOOK OFFICIAL LIVE PHOTO, shopee available, reply aja ya kalo minat, ntar aku dm, thankyou!
Craving satisfied! salted cream winter melon.
Your art matters, what got me here.
Baby Galll
Thanks Chels!!
Done with the mass! peace of mind ragyud ako ganahan Lord! Happy Sunday!
With Mary & Lhe anne
This will always be my favorite video from
no matter what happens, will always be by your side.
your header
What a tinapay, our litol tinapay.
mang inasal with cee cee
YEP. I KNEW GET COOL WILL BE MY FAVORITE.
vs
And you are her spitting image
I thought so too
Used all my votes on you You did amazing and I really hope you can continue so we can see what you have to give
happy birthday I love youuuu
please don't watch it to the end ..you might get real mad...and her dance part for me was
You had no idea how crazy inspirit malaysians are! Im so proud to have such supportive fandom inspirit
Absolutely love the Jolly Postman, Funny Bones- in fact- all of them! TY Janet and Allan.
Proud of you boo
alle
no matter what happens, will always be by your side.
Thank you!
Just sneeked a peek of you getting ready we're ready and waiting
A sweet pict for your TL.
Heading off to my game now
Hope you all have a great day
my definition of perfect Dad little princess
Thank you love!!!
My sister Kate is LOVING your book. So inspirational Please can you retweet for her?
Thank you!
Just saw this group on the turnpike, God bless you all and good luck!
Happy to hear
Your sibling will always look after you
love is a wonderful feeling
Yes, there is.
My cupboard is dry.
lol
Hope you had a g'evening!
Konsi Language hai yeh?
My pretty boiii part2
go in nour
Ly
hey baby
I WAIT TO MEET YOU!! SEE YOU IN LONDON
day well spent w/ my fav kabwisitan//cuz
Retweet this if you got good ass heart
Thank you for the delivery and thank you Jade and Dante
thank you!
Congratulations to our Champ,
I'm soooo proud to be your fan! Enjoy!
Happy Sunday Well butter my biscuit!
Where are all my chocolate lovers? for
I love them with all my heart
my maichard is home.
i love you, adn
Tagging because she is one of the best friends anyone could ask for, really
Personally think the writers snarky commentary was inappropriate. But if your soul needs some this is a
Weight: 7lbs 7 oz and 20 inches
good morning dear wish you and all very happy day
[21/10 01:13] : Dormiu ?
[21/10 01:29] : Afss
[21/10 01:29] : Ok
[21/10 01:29] : Dorme com Deus
[21/10
Thank you!
Cannot wait to read this because everything Daisy writes is GOLD. her
Gl everyone!
Wow! A Hero
11:51
My club
Please support our short film guys. Thank you very much!!
& I are tragic when we are drunk.. i accidentally called someone i despise & she sent a to someone she despise rip
Fefe = 6ix9ine
MCD & castaneda = wanted
Thank you!!! Ilysm
Thank you!
Certo amore! Eccoti!
Yeni Trabzonlu geldi seni seviyoruz Zara.
Welcome to the world my baby Zara Agbenu Onazi.
Mike's impersonation of Chester i literally can't stop laughing omg
we miss you so much
(video
struggling with this lately. new video today helped a lot though
MARAVILLOSA
Maaan that troll-like hair must be something hehe ily
The moon sort of looked like Eevee's tail shape in the photo
Hello stalker
New bop in charge.
the old one? Signing off with love
Merci mon frerot
Wow, that's amazing
number one
This cute
Spent an hour on the bike and now having a perfect Sunday AM read
Always a pleasure
Thank god take care
is now online
ZAZ (Clip officiel) via
Gluten free low fat Sunday breakfast looking fantastic though not sure of the pickles! Thanks for sharing
finally!!! thank you Lord
THE VICTORY IS IN THE NAME OF GOD.
Stunningly sensual...... thank you
everyone is beautiful and unique in their own ways and i for sure can tell you that you are amazing
Green veg, lots of beans and a few fake meats here & there. Savoury yeast for B12. I
Penge naman isa, charot happy birthday to you tita!! Love you all always
Sending you a virtual hug! hoping that things get better for you, love
outfit sneak peek please come say hi if u see us!!! be in section A4
(@ Immaculate Conception Parish Church in Guagua, Central Luzon)
Your value does not decrease based on inability to see your worth. you are amazing and
Happy Sunday Fam
Masse - Saving Balances Every Day!
Mancano 19 giorni per il Budokan con Donghae e Eunhyuk
Just to make you people smile ill be online today
Britney Bitch
I was OBSESSED with them in the 90s still am really
Madie reading to Nanny now, Grandad still listening. We .
Sen sevda
December weekend breaks
30th Nov- 2nd Dec - per hut.
7th-9th Dec - per hut.
14th-16th Dec -
WE ARE ALL HOME
Pj
Celebrates
With Brothers lovelyMoments
These people mean the world to me. I know what I was doing before them.
Wohhoooo to adopt a village soon
surely missed family trips like this!
Happy birthday dear Andrew!
THANKYOU
I need this kind of motivation
It's a beautiful Sunday and a great opportunity to thanks ALLAH for reminding us how blessed we are
Hmm. Maine yehi soch lia tha bs k itna saste ni hain hm k koi mzak uraye. Bs tb se only family is everything
nw: fight for my way
Productive day!
FOUND ON TINDER
My family came through for the boy yesterday hey
love this song
Root root root for her team
YES THIS IS A MUST! IPONING ONGOING. I LUV YOU TE ANDSSS
Break ups hurt and take a lot of time to move on from. Wishing you the best and please take care of yourself!
rob
Lady Gaga & Bradley Cooper
outstanding in A is Born...
I love you
Moon Taeil
thank you so much buddy! i miss you and i love you so much! nandito lang di ako for you. stay strong!
Complete family
I only know this through tik tok
Samgyup tom w/ the gang
Happy Birthday! Godbless
Teen awards are calling!!!!! Can't wait for
You deserve a treat for being so resilient and caring about the world
Thank you
I love how they spin the low unemployment rate
Valentine
This year you're mine miesoft!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Loving the love
Thank you so much!!
Your welcome
I hope so . I think just been here too long and seen this too much to be upset by any of it anymore
Welcome home,
Weightlifting Fairy Kim Bok Joo
what a good week
After 123456789x yearsss
My New Location .. Naga in Naga
Well, when you say it like thatt
woow kala mo walang exam bukas, hehe g!!
A small cute two seater green sofa in need of some tlc and a loving home only make an offer ! Item
I love how passionate you are about movies
Love this pic of them
music to my ears
yiee thanks ashlee
Baby Swimming Kids TV Kids Songs & Cocomelon (ABCkidTV) Nursery Rhymes 201!!!: via
what you deserve for making me cry with a tweet bicth
LOVE YOUUUUUUUUUU
we are so dman proud of you! take a WELL DESERVED break, until then, we will be
start ... 10/21
.
Here for you dude
joking sure he has a good explanation
Live Cam Hot Teen Wearing Her Sexy Stockings, Stripping, Dildo Fucking!
a king I love you so much you deserve all the support in world xxx
No7
Sino nagsabi? Ofcrs you're not fuuuun to be with ka kaya
Indian Cuisine for the night
Sarah Ashcroft has a certain Verve to her (21 Photos)
Thank you so much my lovely
I love how they spin the low unemployment rate
arabia has committed to save peace in take action to
mas aga ku
Who is he we want more dose he have a twitter account
Selling nudes and custom vids at a low rate today! Dm me for details
Ayie ss
doing SO well Segun. SO SO well
It always seems impossible until done.
Cheque Encashment Day
Thank you Lord Thank you Frontrow
Goodnight to this baby bunny only
beautiful and SEXYYY pic of Hazza Zayn Zarry Stylik my Memories
Speed/Given/Shearer
Today's weather made me happy
Lovin' the view Hospital and Medical Center
love you too
And I know I can, because of GOD
Goals though honestly
I love you too
You are the cause of my euphoria RT wish you all the BEST
take a rest nat, it's okay don't force yourself. we'll be here whenever u come back ^^
Gureum~~~ thank you so much even Google translate is messing up. Thanks for saving my day!
Valentine
This year you're mine hehe_imdumb!
And you, whom will be yours?
Tampan, imut, & manis
I U Yang Se Jong...........
Thank you
My weekend has been so busy I forgot I received a phone call on Friday morning that could possibly change my life the better
You and should both hangout and talk about it over a glass of Gin and Tonic!
Good luck!!! Much love
Godbless everyone
Fresh Saturday and Sunday
Everybody is a Ferrari fan
Ani i'm touched
happy birthday
Wow
my girl, we're so proud of you
Aw bless 2 years since Aunty Barb passed away
Latest Need First look n Title
Sorry to hear mate, hope things become easier with treatment quickly. Thinking of you
Thanks bb
Omega Team
He had it all man
Wonderful song
Just loved it
i love you, always
I will be successful from my dream of sleeping 15 hours a day.
Amazing result
next time sana bagasbas with friends namaaan tas kwentuhan with this kind of weather. Hihiihi
ang original post ang i rt and hehe, thank you!!!
Baby Swimming Kids TV Kids Songs & Cocomelon (ABCkidTV) Nursery Rhym... qua
Thina Sizwe as it should be sung
Alhamdulilahi (via Twitter
I slept for over 20 hours... but on the bright side, I fixed my sleep schedule. Good morning
the chills
BRAIDED HAIR
Thankyou so much, love u too!
Thank you
One year ago. Hearing this song for the first time broke me into tears.
Ellas
Valentine
This year you're mine natan_s_curls!
And you, whom will be yours?
Essilfielol your timing tho
My very first msd hahaha
I can stare at you all day
Yes, to a lifetime full of travel and watching the sunset with you my Kazu.
I understand Korean, but I love u
Goodmorning America and the worldRyan Seacrest Cebu City
He's the happiest when he's dancing but look at the others members leaving him
Cannot wait to see this movie - thanks for a great listen to further whet the appetite!
4hours of sleep not bad thanks brownout hahaha
Hart hart icon HAHAHA
Harold in cardigan
the days
Best beach in the world
Yes dear...its Yoshitha
Even I love that line "tum kis kahaani ki pari ho naina"
Cool! Enjoy!
YES
Fuji-san
So lucky to arrive at Hakone on a crystal clear day
Happyyy belated birthday have a great life and hope your happiness lasts longer than you sorrows luv you
My 2nd digital painting for you Zayn
'Cause my fingers ain't working, but my heart is
I hope this
Thank you
320d
shUx overall champion ang echooooooo!
Jheisson broto na rlc
Beautiful ass day today
Genuine smile from my man I miss you sooooo much
J'adore grave cette photo avec tes copains les
Viru Replied to everyone with reply
But quoted for only Dada and Sachin..
Respect
happy birthday to the young man who has the sexiest collar bones. God bless!
Moon Taeil Pt. 2
PTDRRRRRRRR force
Valentine
This year you're mine nightdiabloq9!
And you, whom will be yours?
I'm so happy you get to do this and I hope you'll have the best time
LOOK AT THIS RED MOON
Good morning, may your day be full of all that is good love you always Madonna
And also my sister was THAT 90 kid with the Leo Di Caprio t-shirt.
Aww thank you so much
I loved WILL: A Wonderful World! Playing it on Switch was so fun. Thank you for the great game!
Omg. I've been CHARMED ATTACKED. AHHHH
Thanks for liking my tweet! Love you so much !
Crush
happy happy birthday steph! hope you have a blast! lots of love
My family
He knows what it means to play for the badge
You're cuter.
I guess this conversation will be ongoing till 38929383838 hundred years about us complimenting each other.
Already be mu favorite
Had a great night thank you
" But I, Byun Hyuk, revolutionized everything like my name. "
-Revolutionary Love
Noite
My goddaughter is so beautiful
Hi
Not younger ! He is older
And Yes! this is his family
MOM I LOVE HIM SO FREAKING MUCH
Official video
Always proud
Thanks Lovely Sunday to you too my kind friend full of joy and happiness enjoy
desperate - can you help a girl out please?!
aww your poor soul
Gonna try and see if I can get tix for Tomorrowland next year. Would totally love to go!
Happy Sunday too
If you're viewing or reading this, have a blessed Sunday.
Good thoughts and prayers going your way. Morning in the UK.
YOU BOTH NEED TO GO AND RECEIVE THIS MTHAFCKIN AWARD Congratulations. Well deserve!
Family is Forever in
Valentine
This year you're mine dawn_991_!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
What we live for!!!
Ok sweetheart
I'm really grateful for the girl inside me who refuses to settle down, even if she doesn't know where she will end..
Have the most magical day today beautiful!
Amazing! It is indifferent you trust or not. Atoms don't need make up. They are Everything.
YOUR FAVORITE SENATOR'S WIFE
A little act of kindness comforts the RECEIVER, but illuminate the heart of the GIVER!
RJ team
Nos petites balades
YES I DID I LOVE U
I met my best friend from the Internet in 2014 and we are strong
The effort
it was so fun to watch!!
One of the best defenders we ever had man was a wall need a player like him
This is the last weird one I promise
I'm in love with the place.
Chloe!!
She : Kia Hun Main Ap k ly..?
Me :
My happy pills
Femi said he has unblocked you, Do business with him dear, no hard feelings, Unlook
HI WELCOME TO SINGAPORE I LOVE YOU AND I CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU PERFORM TOMORROW
chelsea: goodluck fighting!!
lorence: pakyuu wag ka sanang makapagreview
* Lorence the sweetest *
Valentine
This year you're mine peachyxtearss!
And you, whom will be yours?
Have a snuggly Sunday everyone and make like a
Thanks to for tracking down Victoria & Otto medal for me at SDCC (And for my
I think it can be one of the hardest things of all. You'll get there, though.
thank you so much for the beautiful slogan, it was wonderful meeting you you're such a sweet
Yay for desk cleaning!
Wow you're stunning!
Friday night
We all loved John Abbott. We're all hoping Jack & Ashley find their way. Love the cast.
thank you
Valentine
This year you're mine PepSanya!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
I'll be in one of the panel discussions! See youu
yup!
it's been a year
i know you will
Good morning Mary , thank you have a great day too
New backgrounds!
181020
New tat
Best way to describe my pre-birthday week so far Work work work!
Thank you, Lord.
This is a great blog post by
You are my heart and my soul
miss out on new posts on my main account follow me at itskpax itskpax itskpax
right and so sweet
since
Godspeed young man.
Look talking ugh
CenterPoint Entertainment
Mooooooh
Merci !!
Enrique concert 02 London fantastic he rocked it
She's the best I feel better now
Follow Pannunga Ellarum Intha Payyana ID Poyiduchu Enna Panni Tholachaano!
21st October 2018
is
Follow and this gorgeous Lady
Woman: God for
Matt: help you - I
Me:
happened, I know how but happened, I this Tory!
top parents love :,)
happy birthday angel hope you have the best day and get spoilt!!!xxxx
Rush Sale- Fendi Bag at only php23K slightly used, bought only last year, my preloved
merci !!!
Valentine
This year you're mine boomints!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Knocked it out the park guys! Very Proud xx
Listen and share fam
love the caption but i love this girl more
Happy birthday have a good day and get spoilt like u deserve
All set up and ready to meet with all our lovely couples today
I sorted it out kwa izolo mamCirha, enkosi
Thanks for visiting my pizza shop
enjoy your food!
Of course you the dog in case
welcome babes ily and I'm still waiting on that call hhhh
I am very proud of all that I have achieved during this year
Thank you
more onight with those peeps
Ah o musmutlu birlikte olan
not alone and - most important - not delulu! Wait for my videos!
Thanks you lovely Have a great day
Love
Please go check out my new YT video!
Saph was the cutestttttt pup
Voting everyday!
Thank you so much!
The mother of gangster movies
A kamal and maniratnam epic
Dans tous les cas jtm
Absolutely fantastic. Well done you.
Excited to watch u later
Follow me queen
acordo assim
Loved the Mauricia Great location for exploring Mauritius. Call me to enquire 020 3603 4880
I just can't let you go
I wait to see today (for the 10th time just saying)
Unforgettable night I got my LED mask signed by much love
Mon amour
Wow...Captain is so pretty
i gone w you, goals
An old jam
Its okay loveeee haha
Good morning lovely, have a great day too
Thanks for the kind words bro, you are a great friend too
Have a wonderful Sunday
Mon bel amour
No matter what, you know I will always be here for you sayang, and I love you
Fact: The sun doesn't stop shining!
Fact: You won't either.
Beyonce married him
Bakun hele bu
26. Bigbang last dance(?) japan, VIA VLIVE :)))
27. Sentimental Reasons by Cecillia Wang
28. Chocolate ftw!
29.
Recovering from last night with Nicola and Duncan. Great night out with Carole and Kenny too xx at
Maine is home!!
i got sepanx from yesterday's ganap, i know it wont be the last
Hii, thankyouu!!
This is brilliant!
Oh my... Deeks
He's smile (:
Can't wait for today's episode!!
Lots and lots of
See u tonight guys
Cheers man
Endless cravings for this cheesy tteokbokki!!
Are you playing silent hill?
Lady Gaga |
Elle | Lady Gaga
I love you steffeni YAS
thank u phia! sure y nooot
Congratulations bro!
OMG!
prince_pstar
Thanks for your patronage darling
Best night in so long
|Muchas gracias!
if u want somebody to talk, i be there for u.
Fairy Tail Season 3
Trending third spot nationwide
Cuties
it was a simple act, but i didnt know it would have a huge impact. ohmygawddd y'all
Lawyers are Best Friend
They will stand for U. From Your to
Hmm sabar ok we can get through this together
Yes they are
Convincing me to get my first credit cards was one of the best things my OG did for me
Oh friend, take some time for yourself. ok to cry and sleep
This is a perfect song
see u on the other side baby got this
Thank you!
Mine? I have only one bff that's you
Prettiest mom on earth! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH
leavesssssss by Ben and Ben
thank you for giving me so much happiness my moon i love you so much
thank you so much! You have no idea how flattered I am
sister
La tan bien hoy, gracias Valita
I can't wait for these moments with Shanell
I'll kill you over if we being honest
Today is my birthday? Can I please please get a birthday wish from you Sir? Please!!
It would make my day
Rachael the voice of stop being you
Me grandad home an Away for 50 years
Then all gooood huggy
Happy Sunday lady in red
happy cup
-
whip cream?
Woman: God for
Matt: help you - I
Me:
BTS
Via instagram.
QUE HEMOS CONSEGUIDO 3.285 VOTAZOS RIGHTERS CRACKS!!!!
Pout Queen SurBae
I Love her pouts
with gul mam
I love you gorgeous
Go and smash it tonight on stage Can't waitt
Siempre juntos brother. Te quiero
we were just talking about this
Yehey! THANK You Lord!
Hi chim
My favourite illustrator of all time
Valentine
This year you're mine yoongi__hyung!
And you, whom will be yours?
Not too bad
Shishani
Wellies on her feet and a snack in her hand this little one is ready for any adventure that comes her way
NOW I CANT WAIT FOR IT TO BE RELEASED SO THAT I CAN JAM TO IT FOR THE NEXT FEW MONTHS
5AM Vibe w/ Us
Awesome!
Black lightning
happy birthday, !! enjoy ur night hehe God bless
Super kilig that LeBron went to CP3 tho
ALWAYS HERE!
being an aunt!! The Important Role Of Aunts In Children's Lives
even begin to explain how excited I am to be meeting you in 2 days
Done
a sucker for a love story
Valentine
This year you're mine anora_twt!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
We love Moreton
worth it lahat
Thank u soo much
Coming to you live from
True friends send you tons of compliments on your twerking snaps then send you their own vids
Good afternoon
With !! Shooting Spot Still
Latest Need First look n Title
Love you more xx
Burn your bra and join the revolution! (56 Photos)
thankyou
Happy birthday to the one and only I love you so much and hope you have the best day!
So proud of you
HMU !
R.i.p keith clayton top bloke he will be sadly missed
supportive boyfriendiloveyou so proud of youu
Good morning Twitter
Believe in Allah...cry to him about your worries, your struggles and find peace at the end
Thank you for sharing your journey with us
Was lovely to meet you today best day xx
My lady
Happy birthday to this one I'm v glad I scrutinised the Sherlock credits and googled 'Andrew Scott' back in
I just can't let you go
I ask Noah to get me anything but he got me Tokyo banana and Chocolate love is amazing
Congratulations!
Scusatelo
Amo
So, I have the opposite problem. per rimanere in tema
be streaming Monday
Endearing. Engaging. Natural.
miss today
HAHAHAHAHAHA SEOKJIN OPPA
ily qt
Have a wonderful Sunday
Mammookka
Dressed & off to Manchester with my love
Um dos mais lindos que o fez
This is the real weekend ugh yey
Valentine
This year you're mine zempapaji!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
HAHAHAHAHAHA WOW THANKYOUU, LOVE U TOO!!
I asked u to kick it the other day bb when tf u free??
Be strong. Get help. Stay on here. Keep talking. This too shall pass
Thank you, pakner!! Thesis ang tatapusin, hindi ang friendship yieee luv u!
Anne Curtis was once an arscian!!
The most stressful thing I've done all week is watch The Haunting of Hill House and I find that beautiful
trop chou
This looks delish
You can do it jess we believe in you ! But you're beautiful as you are
Stray Kids
20% Pretty Little Thing Discount Code use a different email if you already have an account
Huey and Sylvester
Thank you
It means subscribing to people on YouTube
HEY RT THIS
Dunni . such a Darling. Thank you love . Check your dm btw I just dropped one Amebo there
Eric Bailly and Rojo at CB
Had to be done Felt like Home.
Alert Alert...
We have a competition running in our Instagram account, collaboration with NU&MII
How to
Brene Brown is incredibly inspirational. I am a huge fan.
20% Pretty Little Thing Discount Code use a different email if you already have an account
I'll surely pop up my plate with this cute cake.
2995 4:45m 1739 57 RT I just liked Myers - by on
Hanep prioritiessss talagaa!!!
congratz man!!
I even ever remember tweeting you
Btw I was joking. chill next time
I watched it sometime in 2016...I cried bucketloads too. But its a gem and thank you Sis.
Cozy lil night
Sleep, hugs, kisses, love, friends, family, memories, smiles, laughter and fun, the best things in life are free
Cireng isi
The two things customers love the most are on offer NOW giving 25% OFF Prints
we cute
2018.10.21 TARGET Live
Photo Time
K-Stage O in TOKYO
preview
No one else can fix me, only you
Wowwwwww cingrats fam
the intentions.
And so it begins...Looking forward to being in our new home! Here's to day 1 of rehearsals with our stunners
Sharky goodluck and more blessing
Pls if you like my
One my Favorite movie RicoYan
You done finally grew up. Well done. Wait till you try super Tuscans
thoughts on Kate Gabinete? Katok na babae pero very genuine ug trusted, luv this gurl
je m'ambiance sur high hopes i panic! at the disco vraiment talent/20
Thank you so much to UKATA National Conference: 10 - 12 May 2019 who is another New Friend on Twitter! I
CARTOON PHOTO DE PROFIL
Here's our Lazy Acoustic Weekend playlist on
We music and are always happy
Sunday thoughts thank you
David do you remember Michael Berke (Buerk) on the BBC know why had him in my mind sorry
Por tus .. primaveras BIGOTES. FELICIDADES abuelito!
DOST-SEI Scholarship Examination DONE!
To God be the Highest Glory.
Add a touch of to anything like this basket.
Subbed!
Chivettes are a different breed of sexy: Dance Off Edition (Video)
thank you loves
[Editorial] Guess next on I Old Games! 21/10/18
She is
Go and smash it tonight Can't wait
Well done I don reply
it! 3rdGrade is up for the you with
patch x the kiss & cry is my fave combo
And these
One more week this is our pink bat inspired face paint
Much love and respect to KCRW! I apologize!
I know but ehhhhh
HAPPY BIRTHDAY besties foreverrrrrrrrrrr
Tawas is
u both are looking awesome.. Have fun
TA mais waawwwwwww
When your friends mom says shes missed your voice...and you proceed to have the most giggly conversation ever
Sobrang miss ko tong mga to see u next vacation
Hi I love you!!!!!
I hope one day I can look at someone like this and it doesn't turn out to be a mistake
Haha what a fkin sick night I my mates xx
Got my fan account ayieeuutt
Happy birthday
God bless u always..
Stay happy like ths always
Thank you Hennan Resort Alona Beach!
Happy 21st bday my heart breaks knowing we cannot celebrate it with you, but we know
lindaaa!! Tudo de bom pra vc
i hope your day is wonderful and congrats on 8k babe
I'm so sorry for that, I wish the best for you and your dad! everything will be okay!
Blessed sunday ! jgh
You just stated some amazing facts Jake! It is so true what you just said!
You look lovely Em
all i need is this
So gorgeous have the best day
Our booth and customers' DollClans dolls. They are so handsome! We were very excited!
Thank u
Thankyou self!
thank you and your team for never giving up and fighting for our rights! God bless!
my fav view
1 an Je grosse
Do support us by clicking the "" button guys ! thank you
Haibo. okay. all been there. And we might still get tempted. Thanks for your honesty.
Kid Kardashian and Alakdawn Zulueta with pretty Karylle.
Hello Buddy!!! Kumustaaa? I hope fine and sana nag-enjoy ka kahapon. I miss you! Hoping to see you real soon.
Good weather
My favorite SuperFriends
Barry-Kara
Ilyy!
Proud to be associated with these Young Queens
Proud dad moments
See through Queens who suits it best?
Lets go hike, bear!!!!
from cristiane_iloverickymartin - Carinha linda -
I this track so much. Thank you, Jeremy.
I will dm 5 of the first 30 rts with a account
GL!
Currently watching
Zheani Sparkes via /r/Hotchickswithtattoos
chill, eat & do movies in bed.
Awww I miss my girls
Great interview with Busy Philipps. her since Freaks & Geeks. The 90s were an awful decade, that show helped
Enjoy and take a good care
Hulllooo beautiful Can't wait to hang out with you amazing ppl again this week! on my Live
Birthday Girl via /r/Hotchickswithtattoos
Cuties enjoy Take care lots of love
In 44 Hours
Marching Towards 20 Million Views
I Jack Cross
Desc admin
- A thread
Snapchat - BlushSnaps
"Love is an Electrifying Art Running Through our Heart." - love/earth
~ darling
Skinny Jogger with Juggs Full of Mead Wants your Milk
Open BOOKING
ID :
Area : SURABAYA
EXPO :
Kediri 23-25 OKT
INCLUDE ROOM
MILF Lovers
Rise and shine ... Today is the Philly AIDS Walk and heading out to walk for a cause
be
Because Jon told me to
Thank you Cristina
Thank you, I appreciate that so much, and ditto sorry you can relate
Sy love jou!!!! Hahaha. Thanks dat jy so awesome was met haar! Jy is 'n superstar!
Porcelain Skin. Now available on Apple Music. Please have a listen and share if you like it
Te venero
thanks teman saya
Early bird offer until this 31 Oct!!! Come and grab your early bird gift now~
I'll be part for Jisung corner,
ADN Scholars
My country
Romania
We got your backs, always.
I'm the 9th
miss chooo na
I really love that b and Noah come see me at work
Hope your okay beautiful, take it easy.
You need to see this! This is really cute Congratulation to the two fans, best couple
Owls are love!
Stray kids deserves first win with this comeback and the cool songs
naluluha and kinikilig alternately huhu missed this feeling
Snatched Queen
Valentine
This year you're mine yml__w!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
& shoutout to my pals for being part of them
Happy 2nd Anniversary, Love!!! Thank you so much for the surprise. Ka-cute oy hehe
She has definitely stolen our hearts
Sensato
Thank you sis!
Gn
Thank you
We Bartlett and Ghoshal! Check out these examples of the transnational strategy used at McDonalds and
AAA
NO
Fave song atm? Malibu nights
Big up showed me love from kway back , always good vibes when we link up
RL - Good Man (Video) via
I adore you too
We love our King and crown prince MBS fk to all enemies who try to destroyour contury!!!!
Birthday beach bonfire. that for alliteration. with super cool people and surrounded by so much love for
Good morning for the most beautiful woman in world. love you
TAU GAKSIH GUE NONTON INI SEDIH LUH - Pluem Purim Chimon [MV] Pupus
Ficou maravilhoso vc tem talentooooo! Eu amei
RECOMPENSAS DIVISON RIVALS
*MINIATURA FREE USE*
&
OPINIONES ?
so close to 100mil views lets keep on streaming carats and give our boys what they deserve
The way I love Mpumi Nobiva.
All the best
he looks at you this intense you know the CRAFT Burger Oxford
CCV
ily2.
'I've met a beautiful girl'. Sounds like What a lovely bit of reading for a Sunday
You are doing amazing today now time to rest babies
so normal, I love her for that
Valentine
This year you're mine great_lg!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
U know that my heart is not Strong enough To see the tears in your eyes and i can t To see u... before i leave
naraid66
0szllnuctygb
"Jensen" is trending on twitter! Time to make that solo CD !
FINALLY on the way to Ibiza. Catchee later
aww thank u!
Defenisi of Perfect
How was you're weekend boys and girls?
Relaxing or more party time?
...
May I please you with a riff
HAPPIEST BIRTHDAY TO THE PUREST HEART, ENJOY YOUR DAY LOVE
I love their reactions they were amazing last night
They're finally both HOME
Always ready to serve.
the end byy
see you again, amontay
Pretty
At their peak, which centre-back partnership are you taking?
- Ferdinand &
- Terry & Carvalho
Is Amber Balcaen the new Danica Patrick? (24 Photos)
Birthday boy Thank God for another year
ULTIMATE MR AND MRS CHALLENGE WITH MY BOYFRIEND
danke
Picture of the day
Baba'r sathe onekdin por dhaak bajalaam
He is my 1st mentor as a musician
Love you Dad
Snippet from last
Terima kasih zatul
Take care of yourself also !
Congrats bro
500+ Followers
Follow
Asdf spirit animal
Solji unni you did well
Now we'll wait for exid comeback
Keep your health okkay
Wonderful to see Gov with Only problem with the interview? It was way TOO SHORT!
Babe
Goals on Sunday love sundays reading the papers marr on Sunday goals on Sunday ... jimmy changas... mornin* tweeps ...
I remember
That flute version really mesmerised me
Digital portrait created by
181021 showcase
Cr. Osen
omg tell me if its any good!! alsooo use it daily since it is a scrub!
Thanks you two!
Selfish
Hope everyone is having a lovely weekend
Whole day in bed
(LOONA)
- (Kim Jungeun)
this is so so scary, I pray these girls are found safe please please look after each other at concerts. Stay
Kiss and Make Up
Happy birthday, big boy Enjoy your birthday with your lovely family God Bless you!
Good morning Liam
Sweetheart
Omg. How rude!!!. Your the most beautifulest woman. I know.
Was he wearing glasses?.
And were they steamed up?.
on my way to success
u my
New parts of my room
Im not even that close with you. But it breaks my heart knowing what had happened. Stay strong dear
old leBlanc is
Your welcome
Beautiful Autumn day
have a lovely Sunday
is
Thanks for coming !
Riverbanks, Marikina
thank you, God bless!
Zabardast perfect explanation
This warmed my heart
The 1st member to be revealed by FAVE Entertainment, Lee Soojin
Best way for celebrate by is eating a big plate of green rigatoni king
your mom's bum
The way Tony called Jimin "Chim Chim", such a cutie
Valentine
This year you're mine darkilmon!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Happy Anniversary to this gorgeous couple, I believe already a year neffnorris23 cappern
I love you too baby
Amen. Good morning
Freddie Notes & The Rudies - "Down On The Farm" via
Let us intercede and offer up this prayer on behalf of:
POTUS
His family
Those in his administration
Love how my boyfriend and his friends are pretty much body guards for my mom when all out on weekends. I know safe.
Thank you beyyy!
Yes
Omg yes! I liked season 2! What is exactly happening? I kinda forgot
Mom always right
aw thankyou so much
Ayieee!
We are waiting kings
Every time I see this, I love it more and more.
Thailand Circus Tiger Funny Animals TV Funny Tiger Vines Compilation... qua
On the way Back home From Shirdi to vadodara.
Wonderful Afternoon at Saputara Hill Station
He was one of a kind
Yes absolutely true! I love your words and thank you for for those words that always improve me day.. I love you John so v much
Love this
Take care n stay safe...sending to alll, my prayer is to
181021
thank you
:)
Ih tjakeeeppp, thank u
May training nadin hehe
I adore u@KrisWu
See u tonight in
so hard to refrain myself! This book is brilliant
Chekka Chivantha Vaanam
A star is born petite ce film
What a lovely sweet natured young boy
YOU AND I
get there sweetheart, stronger and braver than you think And with all the love and
Mon chat
I love this man with my whole being. you deserve more than you could imagine
Wishing for a full cover
okay baby... just close your eyes and try
United we stand. Divided we fall
Quality Time
Sorry it's been tough. But nice to have your lovely presence back
FELIZ VIEJITA
hot stone massage and then an afternoon tour booked at a gin distillery. Loving a rainy Sunday in the Lakes
Ali: Cross your heart?
Nick: cross my heart
Ali: Hope to die?
Nick: Hope to Live
Thanks for coming !
Here's our Coffee & Tea playlist on
We music and are always happy to listen
omg i'm so sorry i didn't know it was your birthday yesterday so HAPPY BELATED BIRTHDAY LOVE
Loveeeeee loveeee this perfume, one of my favs
Oh thanks!
Timing is everything. If it is meant to happen it will, at the right time and for the right reasons
LIKE = RARE STACKED CODENAME ELF ACCOUNT
Follow:
ENDS IN 20
A family we are so honoured to be working in partnership with!
" Learn to compete with yourself, not on competing with others to avoid disappointment." -Mama
Very well said! Love you ma.
Bang hot babes
fuck porn german girl fucking lesbians squirting sucks porno
Just some before the today
Great to see ya bud
Hey Quotes thanks for the follow!
you are amazing don't let anyone break you you're strong af ily
Hello Sonntag
u r beautiful just the way u r Any pic that u put we will always love it u dont need to
Just rocking an early morning (530a!) training session with this pup! Working on mat training
GREAT FATHER
GREAT PRESIDENT
happy birthday you wee fucking idiot have the best day !!
i love people that message you
"i miss you," "i love you," out of the blue
Incase ya missed out on Mai
Piper et Leo de au ! Beaucoup de
You are not alone
cc:
Follow me please babe
Just waiting for us all to be reunited hope you're healing well and I will happily do that for you
this why kmza tha goat
One of the most beautiful animals ever
A tes 18 ans on ca
AYININ KAMPANYASI.... HAYIRLI OLSUN
We Diolch o galon / abaraka / thank you for such a special couple of days. Great city, great music,
Great day out with the bru down Villa Park! X X
ok or not? pls look girl
You are blessed man this Lady is beautiful. Her body is perfect! WOW Love
18 months old today
My cutiiie I hope you had a great day I love you
yez naman!! til the next p!atd concert with uwu
Cause a prick mate. Proper wanker love you
Happy the Lego Set is probably the best Set ever bought. Such cute
In love
thank u so much
Where do I even begin thanking you for the love and support shown to me and my family
I do
Thankyou for coming !
Join the Zero Fan Group now and turn your wait into fun, along with all other fellow SRKians
We have our whole lives together to share with one another excited you make me so happy my sweetheart xo
So cuuuute
Finally catching up on this is what Sunday's are for!!!
Stand out.
Damnnn thank you my boi acen!
thank you so much!! For all i really apreciate what you do for stray kids and for international stays
CR7
I these so cute !
Hello! Kiss! Good rest!
I miss Gunwharf Quays
husband tho
The achievements are worth ticking off
Qualification
House
Car
You doing great love
Good on you girl! We love him too
Mi
Follow
Newbie
Interactive
Besttt tweets
Follow her
Follow back bhi milega
Har follow krny waly ko aik lawn ka suit
my baby looks good in red
Still with me guys!
this whole thread made my day
time really flies I love you
Things really happen unexpectedly
Not to brag but I have the most handsome boyfriend ever
Awww thank you so much!
+ =
&
Your tweets make me laugh sometimes....
Perfect comment TY sweet Have a beautiful Sunday
Awwwww becca.. Thank u so much for the lovely wishes and these edits r beautifulOh
did ur heart skip a beat
Bom dia..
....and I'm only 21
Habadoo bebe gurl!! Wish you all the best! God Bless
Eyyyyyyyy 1st Place
This brilliant live artist deserves a follow.
Bang with local girls at
anal sex beautiful encouragement fucking machine
Love meeting new people at shows
Coucou twitter
it would mean the world to me if you saw my little mix tattoo girls
X
god I love you
When nothing tasted g00d.
It was our best choice.
In business and life, do it with love. Enjoy your Sunday.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Seeing this in my trending topics
makes total sense to me.
Tava c sdd
and retweet please. Thanks
Grasp of the language , Fan of the music & culture , Cinnamon buns . Not having to cry for help when
El de hoy
True. We will all win
THANK YOU!!
Just seen this sweetie and I'm so sorry. Thinking of you and your family
A salvando?
Rt-Carlos
Mg-Dave
ohhh
Every thing is clear now
i love You Goddess
fashionista_9 wow i love their outfits here
happy Sunday
Beautiful picture
Hi Kirby!
Now you know what it is you can fight it. Be strong.
Perks of being a wallflower
I Michael Caine
8lbs 21in
Thankyou for coming !
Namooactors IG post 181021 PMY fan meeting
FDFS 3
I can see your heart is in the right place but you're far to generous!!! Finish him off mun!
Que hermosa noche
Tkm
Are you coming to then Netherlands next year? We miss you
We a challenge!
Another day, another march
.
.
.
she's jealous with Jenny b4 Langit Lupa daysbut now they're friends
Even more exercise for you, we look after our clients! Football, football, football. We
Happy birthday, Talliah!
this happened last friday lang!! am feeling much better. thank u kuya
you will some day
Wish you a nice Sunday
Daily Intention
Today, I am at peace and grateful to be Divinely supported.
Live
"Now this is what you call a Sunday morning lie-in," said Balou.
Thanks Jennifer you are always very kind to us Puggies
memory
Super Hang-On / Sega AM2 / 1988
I was there to witness I love
My Sunday's never been better! It's nice to see you tweet
YES I LOVE HIM
Ayy thank you
One for the fame one for the game
I know! so excited
cute bby shinwon
PANIC HANGOVER PADIN
Cute tits dm me girls if you have like her i have big
This guy and his precious smile
Kai Parker has my heart
We are so proud of you, ADN Scholars!
Same. gonna be okay I promise.
Gotta give a huge thanks to for being a huge fucking nerd and depriving me of sleep every other week.
wait honey bun!!! Xx
love you for who are!
The holy bible....amazing book, it speaks to the core of my soul
My favorite among the set
at
day well spent with my bb
I feel the aesthetic-ness and the high value and the beauty of the shot.
Okay and I can have other things in the shop like makeup, bags and shoes too. Even a salon.
Makes a lot of sense. Thank you
What I about this race! Athletes from all over the world coming together.
Shan with Long hair looks so perfect I Love this pic
A piece of memory
a time well spent til next time.
Open BOOKING
ID :
ID :
Area : SURABAYA
EXPO : -
EXCLUDE ROOM
PANLOK
Done
Sunday is Family Time
Saw your reviews, you doing well. We need more of those, you go out way more, ke sure
Brunch at our fave before I head back to PTA, lovely weekend spent with my twin
Minimalistic Siam Discovery
Happy birthday More birthdays to come and God bless you! I
YASSS It's time for a great show hails213:
Open BOOKING & VCS
ID :
Area : BALI
EXPO : -
BBW Lovers
Spek : 165/64/36D
Skin :
[181018] Shen Yue Weibo Update
Yue Yue using the Kiehl's Avocado Eye Cream.
Omggggg!!!! Yaaaaas!!! Nicki always encourages barbz to pursue their dreams. That is what I'm doing.
I do actually take your advice bcuz it does really help. But you need to be reminded as well!
urggggg. loveee youuuu
RT if you love
Thank you my brother
supporting you from Cebu to there! Whatever happens daog gihapon na oi
day well spent w/ my bb
Stg I think I met the of my life lol
And
She playing with the details of HSM here
And shit this song thooooo
Blur
Cheers pal
You just stop the love for
Congrats you two! Beautiful couple
Get you a girl who tells you to go back to bed at 11am on a Sunday cos you don't feel great
WKorea
Jongin
'' ravish me with all your might, master I will milk every little drop of seeds from your engorgement, satisfy
Fav
1 an
My heart told me blue and white
thank you bebe ni jlc
missed you, too!!!
thanks Bobbi
I LOVE YOU TOO
Sexy Toned and Fit Babes 2018-10-21 04:47:48 Download high quality pic here Follow,
Oh God im really really happy for U
Sexy Toned and Fit Babes 2018-10-21 04:48:54 Download high quality pic here Follow,
The third Charm is
Be happy jelay - Tita
I love and support my buddy seeing you makes me feel so amazing I love you with all my heart so proud
sundays are great because of babab
LOVE & DO MUCH GOOD... FOR YOUR RECORDS WILL SOON BE CLOSED Love Lett... via
ONE FOR THE FAME, ONE FOR THE GAME
Sad state of affairs
Mental illness blows keep doing you girl! Your beautiful and the hard times and thoughts will pass always here for a good!
The best
EEP Thankyou.
Sonakshi and Aditya look so ROYAL honestly
I cannot bloody wait for
-
Natural face
Thank you for your support, Simon. It is very much appreciated. Every donation counts.
- Gemma
Small bag
powerbank
konbat
phone for vid/pic
See you sissyyyy!
New Snapchat Friends From Ohio
No problem! Everything for my baby
Happy Birthday dost!! Wishing you a poetic beauty.
At least you had a good weekend with your bestie
Hope you are feeling much better today and are on the road to recovery
you did well, both of you jin & taehyung. rest well so you can be better soon. we love you
follow me on instagram
Blessed sunday
I love my life because my life is my family and friends.
Valentine
This year you're mine emulru_twt!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Blessed
You look beautiful
this is orn
better is one day in Your courts than thousand elsewhere
NOW ACCEPTING ORDERS!!!
Wholesale: 80pesos
Retail: 90pesos
Sizes: SMALL-LARGE
WE ACCEPT BULK ORDERS!
PM for Orders!
Thank you
Milly
everybody say THANK YOU SANA
Tynemouth Priory and Lord Collingwood looking out to sea. My favourite place
This is such clear provocation! Fine the Chelsea player
Please listen to Nao if you can best discovery made this year
Thank you baby
I am so so sorry to hear about Nicco! Please get well soon and take care!
happy birthday, I hope you a amazing day Anne
Happy birthday Queen we will to you all the best in your life
And all the best for your familly
Love this
Ryan Seacrest Cebu City
Novi Sad
Thanks
You rock my world
You shake my soul
:')
I am I am hope you are too
Live now with some Dead by Daylight
Giveaway at 1000 followers, come by to find out what prize it's gonna be!
Check your dm guys
There is gift waiting for yous
Thanking yous all for be...
Merci beaucoup gros gros bisous ma belle
Hope you're okay :( Take care of yourself
All the way
If you're not following Duncan then go do it! Genuinely one of the nicest guys in the twittersphere
ikaw yung taong magaling sa time management. hahaha more memories to come, shaai. always here to annoy u. char lab u
Attention please
I love to look a little bit crazy sometimes
socialmediamarketing
Oh! yes yes yes, I like puppies-
Happy Birthday!
Same boy, different sunset
HKDL too, please
Obvs my number 1
I've got my ticket I'll be seeing Burn The Stage The Movie See you ARMYs! here
Something for a Sunday morning.. Enjoy.
Chaudhavin ka chand- The golden voice-Mohd.Rafi Ji
Cover by me.
I hope you'll like it.
We fought together, we defended it together Max Restaurant Magsaysay
Till next sem ender
have a nice sunday babes i love you
do nicely, thanks
Fihifzillah
Kids like this
Legends RT this
Most of the people here are kids..
Good morning!! You're looking GREAT this wonderful morning Mom! . Have a great day with David send
Spent a beautiful weekend in the with for her birthday(go wish her )! Autumn colours
The life of a spoiled sausage Sandford, South Lanarkshire
Nice one, Shaun!
Chanyeol
real__pcy
weareone.exo
Thanks pal much love :)) appreciate youuu
Morning Friends our boys are finally having lots of sex together
May Allah take care of my loved ones
un monstre mais pas avec moi hehe
's unforgettable moments with sml
Happy Birthday Jeffrey my lolo bigwhite
i love this
hi your new video honestly made me so happy, proud of you and i love you
FR
hii!! miss u na hehe and i hope okay right now ang ganda mo and hang soon!!
SACHAENG
Loren Can you please come to Denmark i really want to meet you
FDFS 3
i fucking wait for December!!!
Ahmed & Ainy
Baby Bump yesterday my heart is full
But you will always be in my heart and you will always be my first ever true love, first ever girlfriend
Open BOOKING
ID :
Area : DEPOK-JAKARTA
EXPO :
INCLUDE/EXCLUDE ROOM
BBW Lovers
Spek
Coach gettin his look on
Hey followback please
my baby is turning 42 y.o today
I do love him so much, so talented and he was so nice last April
This is brilliant!
Supporting local businesses
That was intense, ADNSD. Thank you
but'an jud ka byy
aAaaAH so blessed for having you people, been receiving hundreds of dms cheering me up i love
MARAMING SALAMAT MAM LAARNI!!! YOU ARE THE BEST! HAHAHAHAHAAHAHA
Bless up bro
Here's our Hello Fall! on
We music and are always happy to
J'aime beaucoup trop ce teaser
and RT
Happy birthday
yeah... crow is the best! ive missed him so much! where are all the crow haters at now?
ta bg !
10 million!
10 million I love you, Kings.
My lil guy - only kid on the plane who stayed awake
My heart is genuinely happy. I love you, three! My OG Anings
Yep, that's me
i saw imagine dragons for the first time 3 years ago today. time flies but memories stay
[TRANS] 181021 | hf_dreamcatcher Twitter Update
We'll love you forever
HK & Singapore lucky!
"Jendy" friends who join a cult together stay together
OFF BOOKING
ID :
Area : JAKARTA
EXPO :
INCLUDE ROOM
MILF Lovers
Spek :
:(
Thank you for the call big brother
come on
And then gave us 'Drive' i could listen to it over and over and over again
out Prague you are silly beaut. massive shoutout to utopianhotels for hosting us.
There Are Sexy Chivers Among Us (84 Photos)
JUNGSHOOK
Thanks for coming !
Yup There is only 1d
and Yeah the winner is in boys category
Definisi warna-warna "mewah".
So proud of you!
I, now appreciate wearing pajamas
..but Frank was great too
Yass. Loving the green. This morning.
ma vie jtm
is an actor with unique talent, man with amazing eyes and person with pure heart.
Thank you so much broski. Feel free to DM if you want HD!
:') thank you so much
ROMEO COMEBACK PLEASE
noo! i dont want to push if u if u dnt wanna talk but i am here if u would like to!
wc ate
I love her way more then she could ever imagine
You are a celebrity Kyle xx
Happy Birthday ALONICA MAE E. CRUZ
good morning !! get well soon, love you
[TRANS] 181021 | hf_dreamcatcher Twitter Update
We'll love you forever
Valentine
This year you're mine botiaccio!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
11:11
11:11
I'm so glad to hear that Jess's story helps you Thank you!
21/10
11:11
hey man , so proud of you and Dianne for performance last night it was incredible
Fighting ate cess! Princess Aubrey Yadao, CPA
Uhh Most welcome
And if I were to be asked? I would still go back and I would still do it no matter what.
11:11
Finally, he met my parents
Thank you, Chelsea! See you ulit!
It's not long off Christmas and so it begins
Oh my... Deeks
He's smile (:
Can't wait for tonight's episode!!
Lots and lots of
Love U
it melts my heart getting feedbacc like this
Hardwell will always be my Number 1 DJ in the world, always has been always will be no other DJ will ever top him for me
Thankyou for coming !
H U M A N I S T A
18
So proud of them, well done
thank you sent u a dm sis
Your love im not singer uwu
All praise belongs to Allah
shuxx, puro unicorn mah heart
I love you so much
I asked this after seeing a wedding pic on the TL only to get a text seconds later about my friend. Hhayini
This is why we stan
I LVE small businesses, local retailers, dedicated traders... you get the picture. Lets just say, I've got your
- Watched
Lovely
Congrats on 10,000 Subscribers well deserved keep grinding
Good morning lovely, have a fantastic day too
Launching our my new business venture with my ate! If you guys know someone who wants a giveaway/gift of an
One of my heroines
Because we missed each other. Ayieee.
Power of Apink
my prayers are with them
Sunday morning sleepy beasts
Thank you, miss you tons
Open BOOKING
ID :
Area : OTISTA JAKTIM
EXPO :
BBW Lovers
INCLUDE/EXCLUDE ROOM
Sen benim olan tek
What a smooth road Enroute to Vrystaad
11:11 my amazing smol child
This friendship
BUSHSSC1718
Thank you
happy birthday to my favourite immigrant hope your days as special as you look
a little explorer on tour
bday ko hehehe happybirthday self!!
IBA REN ALDEN RITSARD!!
Yes
| Tagpuan...
-11:07 AM Sta. Lucia
| Na-miss lang namin yung isat-isa.
-11:17 AM Sta. Monica Parish Church
happy birthday to the greenest cunt, have a class day mate
Watch on Love Verses Violence Love is the key to everyone, be the person who teaches others how to
youre so kind thank you
TRENDING 1 in INDONESIA + TRENDING 3 in WORLDWIDE THE POWER OF STAYS!
Love this song so much
star city buddy
awww thank you!! gonna read yours din!!!!
11:11 everyone has fun today, Manchester spuds, brook, nathan
Yes absolutely true! I love your words and thank you for those words that always improve me day.. I love you John so v much
The one and only
8.2 Lbs 23 inches
maybe im about excited to your 26yrs witwwiww!!
you still have a baby face
concerned for all my humans.
2nd day celebration of my birthday
HAPPY BIRTHDAY YIEEE 18 NA SIYA THANK YOU FOR EVERYTHING LALO NA SA PAGIGING SUPPORTIVE MO
Happy 2nd Anniversary, Love!!! Thank you so much for the surprise. Ka-cute oy hehe
Thank you, We hope to see you in one of our classes! in
Going to teacup
11:11 cute photos with
a little explorer on tour
Drop a "" if you Love me.
Drop a "" if you Like me.
Drop a "" if you have Crush on me.
Drop a "" if you Enjoy
Some Sunday cuddles for you
elle fooort aussi mon ange
Circus na ba? Am Reaaaadddeeeyyyy!! day2
omg, you are a good example of an EXO-L !! much love to you girl
Salute my brother
this
Oo jednak mam
Thank you so much for your words, Pammy. Being kind to myself is an everyday struggle, pero effort lang. Sending love back.
181021
Thankyou for coming !
Morning George
Beautiful! Ps: I had no idea you could doodle in the notes app.
thankyou for this GA!
Thank you
Morning REDS
Our Rock !!!!
so happy to be reconnecting with one of my most loved humans articles took us away from each other
morning sunshine hope you have a lovely day !!
moa wing n out atc molito all day supermarket,, hays tired af but super solid iloveyou hehehe
~
heyow i miss youuuu dm meee if u need someone to talk to more sisigs to come for the four of us yuumm love you!!!
Buzzing for you so proud
Good to see you Friday and Saturday
Dakota at the event in Denver yesterday night
Ahwow thankyouu!!
45 In 3 days
Rewarding some from the rts
Welcome
Enjoy your day
Thank you
Good morning! Hope your well
Happy
He'll be back
Dimanche = Soleil, Brunch, copines. Base.
1021
New level unlocked. I am doing this for daughter soon
Hope you all have a fulfilling, peaceful Sunday
" : But we have you "
Deeks kiss from France
Have a good day ily
I love you
Morning, have an amazing day x
Ranchorline NA247
Magnificent ~ seriously such a genuinely lovely man. Suuuuuch a great hugger haha!!! And a pretty damn good body
Cute kitty cat!
Say hi to the Filskits for me!!
It's a White Caftan Sunday
181021
take a break
Set my alarm for 2pm. Have a lovely Sunday. Later tweeters
Forever a queen xx
GIRL YOU ARE MY HOMIE
I WOULD DIE FOR YOU
I'LL BRING
Thank You God. Always
100 followers
Lovely little birds they
you snapped
Sorry to hear this, massive respect to you. Chin up lad
What Sunday's are for
Me as a new postdoc this week, too. Solidarity. Spent the day chilling, regrouping. We'll dust ourselves off.
Thank you
wow, I've been a Barb for the longest time
good morning :)
/ |
/ /
/
/_/
Do you know what I mean
Me too that song is
GO MOFOS
Happy birthday
Thank you James that's very kind of you
This is our boys
Thank you po!! Thank you ADN! Thank you and God Bless you po!
Doll
you look soo lovely so how about posting a pic in this attire pretty please
I love them both!
Thank you. exactly what I said when I saw it
Congrats ! It was an amazing year, so much emotions and fun ! See you in 2019
This thread made me cry. True love right there
wait to see you next week! I really miss you boys!
naraid66
babuynui$o0v
DAY9 -
Performed in ABJ twice now but yesterday was one for the books ABJ got a special place in my heart now
Hey Sisi. Happy Sunday to you! Just wanna ask if the second book will be available here in
Namoo Actors IG update 10.21|
Thank you namoo
Cottage Luskentyre is heading to Alpha Art Gallery in Stockbridge, Edinburgh. Framed size
Ohhh gracias
The presence of ADN's muses are worth diamonds, daddy bae. We love and so much!
Grab a drink of water and do some breathing exercises, be okay
I could listen to Mahalia all day long
hi i like you kase pretry ka then responsible sad na officer hehe then feel sad nako jamming
Lol I had people sweating tonight woooooo thank you
Lazy sunday
Beauty
True pal
sunset time-lapse
FRIENDS. LIFE. PARTY. Garden Mirror Events Place
Also this
My heart literally exploded yesterday when I saw george carry the car seat so proud of him and our family
To the girl last night outside Bold Street Tesco who told me she liked my outfit, boss
Beautiful! wait to see you later
I thought I ngyalala but you take the crown. I mean we once left school to go sleep. i love it
OH I BELIEVE MY FAMILY
Yeah enjoy your day
melodies day out w
A poignant part of Welsh history. Remembering Aberfan.
so beautiful
Your voice back to you?
My heart
photo time with the band members and dancers
Have a good day xxxxx
Olivie & Kylie through the window
is
Haha Maya you cutie SHE LIKED
Valentine
This year you're mine quvii7!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Have a nice day Love you
Good morning
Have a great day
Hourly Jonathan
Happy 21st birthday to one of my dearest mates lots of love bro
Send "" if you see it!!!
Bon.. Meeting Crystal
Third wheeling these 2 hehehehe
It's just emotions. Thank you.
I love you all SO MUCH!!!!!
100% Natural and Organic Coconut Shell Activated Charcoal Teeth Whitening Powder 60g / 2.1oz By Authentics -
Morning have a good day xxx
Done my username is kunspiracyy
But his chances to survive are 0 poor little cutie
Lord I see what you're doing for other kidscongrats to your cousin and his lady, their love is beautiful
have you ever tried Sunday Roast Dinner??
Nina from the Netherlands thanks for doing this!
Halo admin! May I have a followback please?
Sexytary
Good morning. Have a lovely day Hope feeling better
Wow, thats tough. Have to go but Vidic is the best of the 4. Rio is 4th.
Salamat Maine & Alden
He's so pretty omg
Anne Hathaway
Sending love.
Your more than welcome sweetheart
Another reason to Scotland
had the cutest response to pal 's latest loved up selfie
A very happy bday to your little one.
the neighborhood gang
ASSASIN'S CONTRACT!!!!!
This is lovely! Thank you so much
T H E B E S T E S T D U O
fam
Thank you!
This thread made me so sad . RIP MJ
Valentine
This year you're mine _morph___!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Best girl ever
Aayyyy November 7th
glad to hear she is doing & can do what she feels is best.
rather be with you & all yo bullshit
Reunited
Je
LI LANDI HAS BEEN REVIVED FOR I AM AN ACTOR OMG YAY SHE'S COMING BACK!!!!!
Thankk youu, princess
And
Thank you hazel nandito lang din ako always for you! Iloveyouuu
Jesus
|Hello Everyone Follow This Beautiful Star
|Keep Working
| 4 Millions Views Soon
Oh I do like to be beside the seaside!!
5:14 AM MONSTA X COMEBACK
Trop trop besoin cure de live de
Tu me manques tant Julien
Bon dimanche
Bacsilog with Cheese jd
I love you ur au Have a great day thank you, love! you too <3 uwu
Like hot damn!!! mans is this?????? MINE
Sends facebook friend request to crush.
ME: Pag inaccept mo ko,akin ka.
After 3mins
Me: Crush,marry me!!!!
Pa hug naman ate :(( Here's your huuug! Cheer up! Hmu if u need someone to talk to hehe
COME TO RUSSIA PLEASE WE ARE WAITING FOR YOU WE ALSO LOVE YOU
ILYSB
5 Pcs/Lot Random Color Women Briefs Sexy Lace Panties Women Cotton Briefs Underpants Print Underwear
2 cuties Simolina
Jimin is so cute :(
News:
in
Dear
I'm really not feeling twitter today so I'm having another silent day, but there will be a surprise later.
She deserves it so much
you deserve all the votes you can possibly as you were incredible last night
Filha
Done my username is kunspiracyy
Off to go and solve some mysteries!!
Like, ZOOOIIIKSSSS guyssss!!
All images belong to Just Imagine NW
is an actor with unique talent, person with pure heart...
Morning
Need to catch up on Nanatsu no Taizai. Chuya diay sa anime uy haha the effects, the fights, the VOICES
Do you love to find new music?
Check out this great playlist by
~ "Countrified"
Awwww Ginebra fan
excited for my work tom
and it's a wraaaap... I'M SO PROUD SO MUCH LOVE TO MY PEEPS
Thank you, !and
Excited for later!!
20% RF6A2AM
We our brilliant host Charlotte Coates.
England quite beautiful
I'll think of you every step of the way.
.
Happy sunday to all of you too! Enjoy the day kids
I love you and ate Erich coach
Come on Thala Fans.
Vote for Ajithkumar
White Caftan Sunday
mind checking dms ?
Lovely Design TQ
I would love this
i've been watching the vampire diaries all day loooooong!!! what a sunday
AHHHHHHHHH
Me too And it's still one of my favorites!
To my friends who WILL PASS the NMAT (claiming it), you guys will be my future Doctors (claiming it) LABAN!
THE PERVYDOLL RUBBERDOLL & Diving is my passion go to my website for more booking infos &...
I write a book review blog Let me know what you think
Love you both
nice to see you to sirrr!!
Sharing my birthday with is the best thing ever.
Douceur Normande
Rise and Thrive, Twitter fam
MashAllah!
So blessed to see this
Love you Mawish
thangk you
Amo com
Mdr ah bon, mercii
Cousins barnie & benjy
Pozdrav od mene i drugarice.
You're welcome love
you are doing exactly what I love to do the most.
It's hot to be back! lol touchdown MNL at Ninoy Aquino International Airport Terminal 3 International
Claim it!
Stazzona Alpe
Happy birthday you Armenian goddess
cute ko.
Group Order
1st SEASON'S GREETING by
< LIKE YU >
Deadline: Nov 9
Qtieee ate viyyy!!! Hehehe
Bon anniv grand
Thank you
Literally obsessed with this soundtrack
So beautiful, stop listening to it!
BLACKPINK
is an actor with unique talent, person with pure heart...
Only You
+ had fun with these gals, 'till our next bond tnx for the 2days straight walwal with u
I love you smmmmm
Good morning to everyone, but especially to . I hope you have a great day my king
okayy
The way I miss
Keith
ATL
Bruce
Kevin
Lihle
sci camp
1 year today with my side kick. True say that love comes when you least expect it and defo found my soul mate
Hi jo
Long live Reggie I love you to the moon and back
Happy birthday to all of you
Armaan = Everything
Amaal = Bro (everything)
Kunal = jaan
Back Home Bad
11:11
To see again hug her miss her loads. Love you
To see And
She's so beautiful
Phenomenal woman! In tears listening to her joyous mentality
I feel you bro get trough this
I love my Henesis so much she makes my nights 100x better
IB is quite affordable though ...
Thank you reng, i miss you so much i love you so much
Rest now, good boi.
happy birthday sista !! hope you have the bessssst day love u forever n a day, see you later
sincerely glad ok, honey
GillDrei poreber ayie
Thank you Jasmin !!!!
In all these years it's my first quoted tweet on
heart reaxx
going to the teen awards today!!! if anyone seeing me come say hey
Jumping on the leopard print bandwagon with this amazing fandfclothing skirt
big boy na baby ko :((
A new bud called Ambra!
We found them partying in The Hot Ocean!
Peep my header
Big thank you for the 5000 followers!!
90's songs are really good
I need to see her, like in person cause she is so out of this world, she deserve the best. ONLY THE BEST
Good Morning my Friends!
Happy Sunday! Love coming your way. God Bless you on this wonderful day.
You need to,I already do
My whole world
Les flash in de rekky
Ggwp fnatic
Bon anniversaire tit 9ans
is an actor with unique talent, person with pure heart...
Valentine
This year you're mine holywaaater!
And you, whom will be yours?
Excited!
Her heart and it felt so real and alive
BENTA NALANG AKO KIDNEYS ATE SUSHIELA CHAROT SALAMAT IKAW RIN !!!! !!!!!!
Thanks for coming with me,
Ross and Rachel
Alone with the Alone
Mel soft thank you so much darling ily and miss you
Early 20th c. US - Reading an Alice Roosevelt mystery and it!
Happiest Birthday to you Mama Twist!! Thank you for blessing the world with and Ilysm
SOJUNGAAAA.
Valentine
This year you're mine arwanizx!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
BLACK OPS 4 HYPE!! PRESTIGE JAGEN ROAD TO 700 ABOS! | Black Ops 4 Str... via
TE AMO.
I hope you're well baby.
Take care Jaehwan
I love you.
KEEP STREAMING VAMPZ
181021
Valentine
This year you're mine gavrnty!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Thanks brother
Im soo soft when im with you
NO SABES LA QUE ME QUE PRESENTARAS ALGUNO DE MIS LIBROS,
the dreamcatcher leader
Ryan Seacrest Cebu City
Helping her daddy do the shopping Nancy melts my
Happy Birthday
It wasnt that long since we met but I already miss you so much >_<) Talking
Sundays at The Elevation Church
Nothing makes me happier than lighting a scented candle in a neat and tidy room
I love her damn so much, I deserve her
Aww thanks
Genuine happiness!
Yesterday was for you, Tyler
Congrats baby pian
Good morning
God is with you all the time
you got this!!!! I LOVE YOUUUU
Neither understand nor see them rn but geez I LOVE THEM!
TUNAY BAAAA? HUY IIYAK NAKO HUY OMG MISS KO NA KAYO SEE YOU MIMAWS
I have dreams of me falling down balconies and stufff its really funny, but are you okay :(
Thank you boo
you're such a supportive mom! i love zach so much ugH
Have Fun today
"Shhhh.. My John is on the phone"
amo muito essa garota
Good morning beautiful hope you have an amazing Sunday
is an actor with unique talent, person with pure heart...
Hey... U... I love U
Te amo
One of my favorite parts in yesterday's set
Ai Haibara
Bowliiing with the Salazars and the balikbayaaaaaan
this!!
happy birthday amorzinho de my life
i love you so much
Crossing over to another chapter. Celebrating with a glass of Cozmo
On this day. 11 years ago.
Family
Mum
ikaw yung rockyroad kooo since grade 9 hihi lablab
Mom got the message dad.
huhuhuhu
love this thread~ semua berkongsi ilmu
pour mon anniversaire
THANKYOU SCHAT!!
Jeongin
best night ever thankyou
[VERIFIED] as Yang Jeongin from Stray Kids
Welcome and please be active, dear
Beautiful
lee soojin, remember when she cry after meeting her role model iu, glad to see you debuting soojin
When you realize what been doing all your life
.
.
.
.
.
.
Jatt da muqabla dass billo kithe ae ni..
Jatt da muqabla dass mainu kithe ae ni..
Tere jatt da muqabla
Bday ni Papa Pastor ugma then the ff day is kang Mama yeeey what a celebration
Thank you so much Mae Pearl
Love and light
thankyou
Champion Productive sunday
If you still have your first love alive and healthy, appreciate her now before too late. I love you mother
Sometimes I wonder do I have the ability to fall in love and feel true love .....I doubt
Haaye
Awnnnn that's so adorable I just-
Whenever you want !
Bonding with the kids
my little fella Baxter a mini wire haired dachshund
HOMER SIMPSON PHOTO DE PROFIL
thank you for giving us a victorious saturday night!!!
jare comes home tonight and baby b will be here later today. im so excited to see my man and meet my girl
Tag your love where would you two travel to if you could travels as much as you want for free?
In a bit Tassie
Gods Love is fresh like the Sun Rise.
Thanks love
I love hyunggu!! And I love him more than yesterday
Very Proud of my dance princess at her show last night
Thank you getting there
hi
I liked a video Life Motivational Quotes Status || Best Positive Lines Status ||
Dinner with Pamilee
Together we salute "THANK YOU MAAM AND SIR"
Morning George! How is your voice?
join now!!!
Gg Fnatic
I love you domo Crissy never deserved you glad that doing what you gotta do in order for you
F N A T I C
"On Adulthood" a poem
by our own
Performed at
open mic event
.
.
Part 1
Little hailey and little justin so damn cuuute
the dress also is pretty hays
33.
my mum now.
Morning
HEARTLESS Back in stock this week! Pre order NOW!
Bestfriend
I Coupe
Please like, and leave comment. Thank you. Jimin
Thank you for making my first ever gig so special the 5 hours an was so worth it. I LOVE
You are amazing, Vicky Beeching.
RUBY: July 2019 Calendar Pup
Don't forget to pre-order your 2019 Calendars featuring this painting of Ruby
date w
Thank you love for yesterday hihi. Next naman ako ang mag eexam PUP! Lezgaw! iloveyoumore!
in your heart?
Skylarking
SERIOUSLY, I REALLY WANT EXO TO RELEASE OF THIS DEMO VERSION OF MONSTER BECAUSE I LOVE THE RAP PARTS SO MUCH
miss you too!
Como sea te vamos a querer hermano tranquilo
my cure for hangover = kwek kwek + yakap ni love
Princess Aliyah is four months old
Yuri and my dad celebrates the same day
Trying not to write something negative
Ly bro
What an actual queen this lady is! I love you
I shoulda went with my heart feeling
is an actor with unique talent, person with pure heart...
Ehehehehe
You are simply beautiful love
Tate and Violet got reunited, but will we? Even if I have to wait an eternity I would......
Same place, same feelings
I love you two
Thank you all for the kind birthday messages
I rted and then saw this. so happy that safe
Sure text to me when you have done (with your ID) and after I do it for you
alter noon - pornsite
alter ngayon - couplesite
Insert others
I'm so lucky i have supported friendsss!!! Iloveyouguyzzz thank you for everything hehehe
Now's everything's alright. Now everything is filled.
"God created is to be happy." -Father President
I really love this one
I love you, because I'm afraid you run away from me. So, I decided to pursue love.
moa wing n out atc molito all home,, hays tired af but super solid iloveyou hehehe
Thank you
One of my fav thanks for your magic, you're so lovely!
Dont be sad Linda. They did their very best and went down fighting
Sundate Late bday celebration
Thank You Lord
Just a normal day at office
Don greatest movie ever
This song is so apt for Shivika.
Beautiful VM
It was all worth it.
Me too. You will be ok
EU! EU! EU! GG Fnatic
My
Thank you Dickie!
Good morning Wendy Have a lovely day
Congratulations dear
I Adam. Best rep ever.
Thank you so much and I'm really happy you like it! It means a lot to me
ah totally forgot that there's still I. Her debut song love it when she and sones are singing tgt
Thank you
Thank you so much!!
Excited for TWTF!!!
WHAHAHAHAHAH (proud of me na ba) Thank you gabbie!! Love you too!
Ya los once a marlin always a marlin
Time to see grandad and have lunch with my fave sibling
The dream is still alive
When you bae love the same team
is an actor with unique talent, person with pure heart...
Confirm
My victory won't be possible without the help of my coaches Thank you po Coach Dencio, Coach John, Coach Roi,
attended wedding ceremony
This is beautiful! Watch it move
Headless chicken monster of the deep caught on camera in
Congratulations sa mga pumapasok na freethrows
Great job wear those pink shoes every game na
The weather outside is just so beautiful
Seems like the perfect day to be listening to some Happy Birthday Aaron!!!!!!
My rig set up my Trace Elliot is OLD now.....wanting a micro bass head ....oh, hello Trace Elliot ELF
Catch ya laters
Have fun
Congratulations Nadia! Wishing you both above tons of happiness, laughter and love!
Please & this great
~ "Females of Northern Ireland" ~ created
Morning G
Madhu 's 20th Birthday
.
.
.
Sudeera Chamupathi Wijethunga | 071 71 79 710
Ang bait niya and soft-hearted Marupok alert
He's handsomejust perfect
Sunday
A to Z! Best gift Shop now
Bath, beach, pool, spa, gym,
Definitely. Nothing is impossible with love
in cinemas this
My fours winners for my Cappadocia Ultra Trail
Fernanda Maciel
Moritz auf der Heide - ultrarunner
Gediminas
Hit for a dm, pls talk uwu.
Para sainyo kami ay lalaban, i love you two!!!
feels good to be serving the Lord again
Cutest cousins ever! Thank you sa VELETED customised gifts love you all
been sick the last couple days & def not the way we wanted to spend our last days of our holiday but we wait to be home
Just took music out on our first live without it
-
Mega family lo pk ki mathrame cult ni eppudu cherry kuda cult aipotha
Thittukokandi
and RT
The reason why sister is called 2nd mother
Yez noted thank you so much nakatulong
Amen
300 Runs Coming
They are specially OBI
King of my heart
Monster is my fav!
Tq
Thank you brother. See you in the week
Thanks from her
I love you sleep dreams
thank youu, ate!! iloveyou
happy birthday cous
is an actor with unique talent, person with pure heart...
Bon anniversaire mon bb
LOOKS LIKE A SLUTTY TEACHER
In love with it shortyyyyy killed it
long stream tomorrow come through :) goodnight tho (say it back)
u
Since my medicine is making me fall asleep, night everone!! I love you so much
They can read each other like a book.
Of course do ya thanggg
Brilliant
the sweetest ang cutest
I'm nothing without you
I am empty without you
Please never leave me please
Baby Shower
Seulgi
Kitanay kamo Prince? God bless gid
I am literally obsessed with this soundtrack, so beautiful
Lady Gaga -
Suits
Have an amazing time! Really hope you get to meet him
Go beat
Go beat the
My thoughts are with you Mere xo
Here they are! Quick Bottled Tomatoes
Subscribe by pressing the white on my web page
I LOVE YOONGI WITH ALL MY HEART
Unicorn hot chocolate and a mini plowmans first thing on a Sunday morning, who wants any more than that
Beautiful
Proud of you
My lifeline...
I am gonna steal this from my twin
Send me numbers of questions and i'll answer them
You too
True
Good Morning
Moon Taeil Pt. 1
Fur babies are family forever
They've made it this far. Gosh, I'm crying Stray Kids SARANGHAE
He's so friendly with his fans. He's so adorable and sweet. I just love him endlessly
I wait to hug you
I hope to meet you
Congratulations Nadia! Wishing you both a lifetime of love, laughter and happiness together!
HAHAHHAHAHAHA OO!! BASTA FREE KAAA!!!
Thanks so much, Palina! Bruce Lee was the one with the big idea, of course, but it was fun to apply
LOOK
AT
THIS
Wait for the person who is gazing outward in the same direction as you are.
Check my pinned tweet guys it's been reduced to 1500 rts and 1500 likes
Can't wait for sam's ig post.
Thread
Thank you sa pag papaalala ng gastusin. Nevertheless, Merry Christmas!
LOOK
AT
THIS
The creation of
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE DOPEST ON ROPEST
SO HAPPY GUYS OSJZJDK I WAIT TO MEET HER
That win was for you, Doug
Thankyou ate!! Love u!
chaos en wordart, my fav type of ppt slide
i'm very proud of u
hey followback please
Love this
han jisung i love you so much, son
Raising Social Justice Awareness One Quilt at a Time -
Eomma Junmyeon, our very sweet and caring Leader
talk about my Johanna like that
is an actor with unique talent, person with pure heart...
So much love, all the love lately
thank youu, lanah!! i love you & i miss you
hey followback please
our beautiful and best boys. thank you for your hard work
no time for crush things, i am happy with iKON
Moon Taeil Pt. 2
LOOK
AT
THIS
You god damn amazing panda. Always making me smile like a mad goat over here
Obrigada
Morning George
happy birthday love hope you have a wonderful day
Afff f
Boa sorte
Good morning Kaffee & neues Video
You always have this ability to inexplicably make things happen thankyou for the unforgettable memories all
Sure Team ! There will be a Special Welcome for u Guys !
goodluck ateneo-motolite!!!!!!!! goodluck be
Thank you, Sana-chan for posting some photos.
Love u
Thank you love
i hope you to be always happy i love you very much
wait babe
sands of time
$2.99 SHE WROTE Now available internationally!
of falls for a vampire
the spy who dumped me
So are we
Bismuth
Queen being the queen made sure I was home safe
This is so cute tho
eh jvous aimes mes pioupiounes
so happy that you came and enjoyed
okay lang love pa rin naman kita
My pleasure
Thanks Liv, ly !
No more tears please
Welcome Holy Spirit Fire Conference (2018) - Prophet Joshua Holmes via
Amore mio
Babymaking type of love
This is what Cagatay fans are going through these days... We miss you Cagatay
My favourite show of the week listening from Seville Spain
181021
Bom dia
Glaaaaaaad you're comiiiiiing It's a bit of organization but it worth it
is an actor with unique talent, person with pure heart...
Honestly last night have been any more perfect
Yellow is
moonbin is so handsome
The best knobhead I ever did meet
Heyyy! How you guys all doing? Ill be online for me see yah
So so happy are through to world's semi finals
Wrapping up our visit to Italy.
Fantastic views.
The best company.
Delicious food and wine.
Perfect
One cheeky chap leading our country walk Aspull
Atin to
Nawala na yung link na to berigud
Valentine
This year you're mine sailor_tt4!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
I just want to be the best partner for you!
.
.
.
.
ikaw cute cute mo :( love you
Give love to the Gods
Church was EVERYTHING
happy birthday to this lovely, kind and strong woman and mom I wish you a lot of love, health & happiness! enjoy your day.
Hihi
Someone said to me although he may not be here anymore, always be in your heart. And that he has
23
I wearing my own brand
That's just beautiful
Less than 24 hours till I see my fave
Happy birthday to the most amazing woman we've had the pleasure to meet. We love you
Such a gas night the girls x
$2.99
The only concert worth it for M E
Happy birthday
is an actor with unique talent, person with pure heart...
thank you
SAND DUNES IS THE BEST!!
Happy 21st birthday you sexy momma .. have a fab day gal x x
Hit dami kong time ngayon
Unnie! Thankyou so much for this. Seoyeonie loves youUuu!
My life
I wish I could agree but trying bro love man
i love and adore your soul, beautiful
The way he look at the behind what a kind heart
I am learning Hebraic language!
RT WIN: Next Voucher! RT+F to be entered, winner drawn at 2000 followers.
anjo
Can't believe on Monday I was in Berlin and now I fly to Gdansk
Crazy life, I love it
RT and my thread
Olivie & Kylie through the window is
181021
cute ulit ng icon tas header ko HAHAHAHAHAHA
We will support
so proud of you
treasure these peepz
Ce doidoooo
Enjoy a nice quiet future..accept your value and worth
This is perfect and what exactly it should be all about
this is the cutest
When I get text msgs like this, it makes me happy AF
S A T U R D A Y N I G H T
Aww shucks! Love u Nick! very lucky that I found my person!
so glad to hear this such a relief, sending so much love to you and your family, i very much hope he gets the help he needs
Happy anniversary and happy birthday to my stunning girlfriend Bria! I imagine being with anybody
Ganda niyo
Food for thought.
Rinoa
Quistis
Cover it!
naks HAHAHAHAHA thankyou hekhek
I need this photocard
My birthday is the 11th 27 though
I am so happy and love my life
Grateful and blessed for my family, job, and health
181021
KAPIT TAYO SA KAPE AT CHOCOLATE HAHAHA
Back to happier times
I love myself coz my life is you
i wait to meet you next year, so happy
Good girl
Good Morning Michael! Have a Wonderful Sunday my friend.
my sunshine
is now live
.@FNATIC EST POUR LES DEMI !
Happy 1 year
Ahhh eu te amo
our baby is turning 18!
Happy Birthday darlin, have a good day love you
This thread is magic and very important to the collective thank you for sharing Love.
it was definitely a challenge but i just went with the flow. so sweet!
thank you matrix fm
Canon mon amour
Paris is always a good idea! Paris, France
The cutest
happy birthday beaut hope u have the bestest day !! Xx
Glad to hear!
Loving the program! Latest updates to test with feedback section!
omg wig, my 200 millionth follower you snapped baby
The more I look I see our beloved Sir O de Beau it's amazing so you'll never leave us and fanx for da glorious sun
Back together
Lili & Kovu
the first time worn my one love manchester jumper in a year
so very welcome sweetheart and thank you so much too grateful for you too hope it started your day with a smile
RT KYearXCIII: Group Order
1st SEASON'S GREETING by OgyeomD
< LIKE YU >
Deadline: Nov 9
Damore
make him FAMOUS
make him HAPPY
A day with farah, ica and kak aten
Ryan Seacrest Cebu City
uwu. see ya next year
RT and my thread
Thank you for the chance to win
Another weekend at Lolland with my Loveing family Celebrating my grandma is turning 93 years tomorrow
Happy birthday
RT and my thread
Good evening!!
Isa, dalawa, tatlo susugal ako..
hello
Childhood
Cool as Ice - U don't know me at all
In the part I had to cry ,I would have taken straight in the
I can't wait to see it
Photoshoot Time With Moez in Peshawar
Idey love you passsss. God bless you bro
Follow me and all who likes and retweets
I follow back everyone and all retweets
Destiny
Missing this cutieeeee
smol bean. too cute.
love you too
well done Gary I'll be listening to the audio on the bus to work next week!!
You guys are SO amazing. Well played
Good job
Good job
Good job
thank you jj!
Hi Damboo Fourth
Let us celebrate life with lots of positivity! Cheers!
YAAAA
Mio capitano
I am a born again Christian. My soul is in the hands of God.
JEJUS, GRATULACJE SLONECZO!!
Thanks you for all
When I finally found someone who really cares
Gonna pack my thingssss
Hobitton. New Zealand.
No lol I haven't sorry,
But as for anything else I only date Asian guys have done for years for lots of reasons
I'm so happy and relieved you're feeling better Josh my prayers worked! now to look forward to
Jadi tour guide hari nie untk umrah indonesia
Karwachauth Special
Gorgeous rajwadi bangles
Size - 2.4 2.6 2.8
Material - kundan work on boor and acrylic
So grateful to be spending time with all of you this week. Love is Power
Thanks lovely
I was just listening to the IPCC version
Fully confident we will
My Happy girls stay winning
Thank you GOD I feel much better today ; gonna go visit my grandma today & see my other half Jabrina Perez
We will be rooting for you
Had a victorious saturday night! What an unforgettable thank you
Round 2 doesn't even matter anymore, killed ithe was
BON ANNIVERSAIRE LA MEILLEURE COLOC DE TOUS LES TEMPS JE T'AIME FORT
I actually love my breakfast
yo im happy for you too
HAPPY BIRTHDAAAAY NYEHEEEY SOOOO SIMULAN NA ANG BIRTHDAY GREETING AHIHIHUEHUE NYAHAHAHAHA
our baby before and after we rescued him. His clip from the dog rescuers
This is so sweet and pure. I span
Hi.
So proud of our team!
Taeyeon shed happy tears, happy tears are okay~ we love you Kim Taengoo.
Why you are so perfect ? Taehyung
Bless you too bro
I love Billy Eilish
Hahaha I love them
i miss you angel
done so well
crazy how my work squad probably know me better than anyone - more than my own family all love
Thank you
Please vote for - he deserves to be there next week!!!
Well spent day!!
I'm genuinely curious. what am I to you?
= crush
= friend
= mutual / stranger
= enemy
Along With the Gods: The Last 49 Days
- 10/10
- THE PLOT TWISTS OMFG
- i cried so many times i lost count
ISHU Shu Siam Square One
aww thanks dude!
How are yuu single, your just lovely
You're a warrior a survivor //ignores last part//
Que amor ihih
Good Morning. Starting to adjust to a new timezone - my body is finally cooperating
Hbd : )) gbu and ilyy somuch
happy birthday
we love you
The & crew Cinque Terre Trekking
Oye oye oye quiero verte, quiero achucharte..
WoW je attendais pas merci
So happy that one of your dreams is gonna come true All the very best with that wait to
Rinoa
Quistis
Where is it?
Congratulations to the 2k18 set graduating today we wish you the very best life as to offer love from
a beauty
Hoping you're okay. You're in my thoughts.
Capricorn
Can your mommy ever??
True love always wins
Me too
Merciii mon babas toi non plus frero
Paris? Paris!
Champion Thank youuuu Looooord
BEST PIC EVER! love you rei, thanks!
Sana ~ I Belong to the Zoo
seize the day
Some of you have managed to make me cry !!! Sweet people mehn!!! Favor lives within me
Boiiii 5 types of photocaards
randomly but I felt so
baby, I love you forever
We are JOKER
My first 100% Pokemon Shiny
Roasts and red wine are totally made for each other
so much love for my little bestie
Fucking fave.
Potato Wrapped Shrimp Eating Sounds ASMR Eating Sounds Da Duong: via
Thank you so much That is beautiful I wish the same thing for you always and forever Enjoy your day
Don't forget! are for sharing, our porchetta is rolled and our beef is roasting
3am FaceTime calls from these boys
See ya Tuesday
Galle
Mera Armaan cry with me !
Gracias por las firmas muchachos
yesssss! congrats
Fixed - Brad Simpson Remix - New Hope Club //
My beauty queen
Red crush
Valentine
This year you're mine SnowiezRBLX!
And you, whom will be yours?
Intimacy = IN -TO - ME - I - SEE
Thanks star
God bless you too
You deserve all love & Support
Best wishes to you and your team a Love Story
Yes baby
Happy birthdayy.
Takkk ten thread
Awweee thank youuu!! hehe
Jeremy though
thanks Gemma!
I am more than happy to call you my friend, one of my favorite twitter people
La mejor del mundo mundial, mejor amiga, confidente, madre
your
Mirrors
74 Individual Group One Winners
First time to watch a UP Game this season and it is with a room full of iskolars nice game today
><
no worries haru nim! your photos are all so wonderful ot7 or not, i thank you so much for your effort
Why do you ship chanbaek? :) I just adore their friendship. They have this vibe that they know each other so
you!
That was the perfect response.
nice win bb!!
SF day 1: Went out to one of our favourite spots Sausalito and soaked up the sun
the carpenters
goodnight pips
shaanxo
My Luv
No one will do this but oh well
happy birthday
ay huhu oki oki thank u pukks congrats!!
Since he debuted? Wow. This is soooo kind of him. starting to like Taeyong more and more already
my October sister!! Happy happy birthday girl
Thanks for showing us this lovely picture, Kribby!
*with fam & bap
What a comeback! Congrats POG!
I FUCKING LOVE YOU TOO
Nice thank you
We are live with our second stream as an affiliate come chill :)
CC semi finals, marching bands, ah man Cape Town, I love you
So excited!
Short Hair
You're welcome I only said the truth
Meet and greet at eggspectation today till 10pm
Love it
Happy Birthday my love
Dang it man!!
Those guys are just too awesome!!
keep inspiring while you all keep inspiring me.
You are the best
Easy like Sunday morning
Words describe how true these words are, Nanny you were one in a million and you will never be forgotten.
Scary but true
Drop a "" if you Love me.
Drop a "" if you Like me.
Drop a "" if you have Crush on me.
Drop a "" if you Enjoy
Thank you, Amid! Inom na soon! Love you!
Solomon perjury
anither community treasure.
They sure can.
Thankyou Fox Love you to man
Astolfo kyun
rendeu
Congratulations Team USA!! Now this is what I love about Americans... Big Hugs & all. I do so miss that
Triple double sya ih. vv proud of u, Swish ilyyy
Valentine
This year you're mine 0h_daddy!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Happy Sunday
Hey hey hey!! Please click the button and retweet our teaser. Let us stop gender inequality together. Thank you
A Taurus , and Taken by a Scorpio wbu?
happy birthday imissyou, see you soonest gurl!
Best thing about a Sunday my nans roast dinner
Totally normal, love. Deep breaths, don't stress, you got this
Valentine
This year you're mine LAWMIN76!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Got home from church Pinag-pray kita and your family
psst, follow back?
some see me, been waiting all day ps ily boys xox
I'm so glad you got back in time Give Marty a hug for me
MARIS
I found this manga in Fukuoka museum. How they kissed were so cute
New video of Dakota, Shia LaBeouf and Zachary Gottsagen at the Event in Denver
Thank you Glo
This has actually made my day, love you to bits
Nothing is better than aaliyah cuddling up to me all night she knows when her mommas hurting
I love my friends so much mais pero tru
Yes bby yes
I Love You Both! Goodluck!
Thank you so so much! I love you too girl!
Very touching
Cracksman - The Legend
Surround yourself with those who lift you up instead of those who try to bring you down.
So grateful for today and all the amazing people in my life - THANK YOU This year has been so amazing. Had
So sweet naman this bitch Hahaha uy thank you so much!! Thanks sa support, and yes lalavan tayo
I AM SCREAMINGGGGGG (on the inside)
Can't wait to meet you
Dounia is the kind of person who's rare to find
So gutted I missed you guys
American Horror Story: Apocalypse truly IS a love letter to the fans.....Thank you cast & crew!!!
thanks for the ideaaa!
Hehehehe. I love you
Sunday morning
Yummyyyyyyyyyyyyy
Myeongdong Street Seoul
i like you kasi duh you're aloera my sizzums and ofc you're my bb love and bff foreves , the one who
what a journey for them, you will see how grown
JOSHLIA
I'm a proud mom of a gay daughter and she is my world and I stand firm in my belief in our beloved
PRAY HOPE AND DONT WORRY.
YOUR HEART TOUCHES OUR HEART
Russell Brand has really turned his life around and become a beautiful person
Q222
Fave song atm?
LANY Malibu Nights
11:11
This is the kind of truck art we need
Thank you
Can you say hi to him for me pls i'd love to hear from him :)
was a joy to see you back Spawn
Aadhvik thevidya payan
Peaceful morning in this morning
What an athlete
We will find you love
TROOOOOP VA TENIR MA SEMAINE MDRRRR
lucu bgt
Thank you
I think Louis is salty about the hiatus which is why he said lol worry Lou salty too
EL K A R M A E X I S T E
Baba
I'm so worried about all this family stress on Tracey's health!
What is love?
Sleeping without a blanket at night.
And then find yourself in a warm blanket in the morning.
STAY FOR YOU
Short escape
SALAMAT ATEEE!!! MAHAL NA MAHAL KITA!
a heartwarming story
this is beautiful
Credit to owner.
Man so blessed, family
forgotten how nice raisins are
We are for
WAh jabroo waah 40.3k+ tweet
Same! Sending you love
I miss my mini when gone
The TL ain't lying today. Thank you
Another lovely observation by
Anna loved your Carmen! even my father who is generally adamant to opera said he loved it! Come back soon please!
you're welcome ate
Thank you
Graduation Day
so excited to have a lazy day with my moosh
Thank you
It was rather awesome
Oh what a wonderful way to finish your story....thank you
Great album. Bought it 3 times since it's release as I lost it/lent it out and didn't get it back. Thief of hearts and rain..my faves
short girls
My cat has so much personality and for those that know; she was given to me almost a year ago by a patient
I just can't let you go
Thank you
Follow her guyz
Isko follow krein aur mujheg bhi.
I liked a video SUPERHERO BABIES SLEEP IN A TOY BED SUPERHERO PLAY DOH CARTOONS FOR KIDS
ugh yung letter ni chin mah hart . mah sole the best huhu
Goodnight and thank you too
Yg RT Saya Follow
Right Or Wrong Thats My People
Greenfield weekend market
Thank you very much
TEAM supports in
Woodstock Music & Art Fair 15-17 august 1969
Most handsome in the world
I love you too Lati-chan
Do puta.
Cuteness overload
Hi Jin! We missed you
always be by your side
The Light in me the Light in you
my pleasure
old converse shoes
All for the two of us tambok mulang
Chilling with Mistress the_mistress_kay pvc red sheet
Jin I love you to the moon and back stay healthy and rest well
Oooh I loved the style
Nothing more to say! lazy today )
Down but not out! Thanks to everyone who came out and supported. I felt the and warmth from all of you! I
Heart of a king happy Sunday world
i love you so much king
VIDEO Poster Design: Autumn
---
If you would like to see more videos like this leave me a in the comments
Now we can both be spoopy on kk
Thank you so much for giving us the best time ever endlessly thankful
SEOKJIN LOVE YOU! Well done for finishing safely bub
Te amo
We love
Loved every second
Saturdate with my fave kulit!
Happy birthday Tita
IMY
Thankyou Love
I LOVE YOU
HI WORLD-WIDE HANDSOME
Been at work for 12 1/2 hours, I miss CK and my couch so much. See you in 45.
Jinnie have a good trip back to Korea I love you too!!!
Buenos dias my dearest ?today 007, , , or ?
And for your
When I made issx18 into a copper goddess!
I want you and your beautiful soul
All is well
We love you
friday by IU
happy happy birthday roselleeeee!!! penge naman konti baka naman HAHAHAHAHAHA jokeee, thankyou for
I kveld: + Tider:
19.00
William Fitzsimmons: 20.00
Joshua Radin: 21:45
Det
Snapchat - BlushSnaps
idk where the h-ck i have been at ngayon lang kita nakilala! I love your voice so much! mwaaaaa. shame on me!
Ahhhhhh Jinie bby
Awww so mature
Our prince
I'm binge watching horrors today
Love you
love you too !
Thank you for yesterday
Love you baby
LHE AMO
I miss you, please come back soon
I love you
wow how do them know each other
On location today in sunny Norfolk
I finally got pictures of Moo altogether since updating her hair .
I miss you already :(
Take time to heal yourself
going to miss you so much please come back to Europe as soon as possible and stay healthy
Yey!!!
rest well babe!
We both know that the new of Empire will be announced for XBO with K&M
Love you Jin
I Love you baby
JT. Top guy, true Champion. But above all, a great dad!
I love you Let's keep healthy.
thank you and I love you
I LOVE THIS TEAM SO MUCH
ILYSM
batalla definitiva!
RT - Ter Stegen
FAV - Oblak
go back safely sweetheart i love you
LOVE YOU PLASE BE IN GOOD HEALTH AND TAKE CARE OF YOU
REST WELL MISTER WORLDWIDE HANDSOME
SARANGHAE
This City
I love youuuuu it's been a while since you posted a selca.
..
youve done so well, mr. worldwide handsome
Ahh I literally just saw this now! This made me smile tbh, thank you! :')
I love you
thank you & advance happy birthday to u
Follow my Instagram:
Your lips
I LOVE YOU
I
I love this so much
The Southsea
Hello handsome
Worldwide handsome we love you jin
Comercial Road during Christmas
you shit too boitumelo but i love this .
Hello worldwide handsome
I love you
Travel home safely friend!!
..
Special thanks to one of my favourite fans of all time,
So handsome Seokjin Thank you again for yesterday night, you were just amazing Rest well, I love you so much
myyy first otp
I LOVE YOU BABE
Talking to someone far away from you means so much to me
I love you Jin! hope you'll get back safely
Ci siamo! Parte
FORZA ROMA
With my friend
ily ;;
Things That Bounce Thursday (18 Photos)
Kanna Kamui
Thankyou babies for all the hardwork ! finished the tour safely
i miss you so much
My heart
WOOOOOW mr. worldwide handsome
Cutieees I love you both
Thank you for making me super kilig
Salma
You Always Been There Know Exactly Everything Helping Me In A Very Much Lovely Way
Thank You For Everything
Ha! a new take on my favorite trope
Jin. Worldwide Handsome
have a good day today!! You deserve it so much
Them people who take care of u when ur drunk drunk gna take u out
Congrats !!
New video of Dakota, Shia LaBeouf and Zachary Gottsagen at the Event in Denver
And this is our world wide handsome man. Saranghe oppa.
Hopefully you enjoyed Paris sweetie i love youuuuuu n miss u already
OMG
Congratulations xx
Thank you
11 ans aujourd'hui
So cute
Game of Thrones
ily my beautiful angel u did so, so well <3 it was so nice to finally get to see you babyboy now get some
yes please that is ALL WHITE with me
LOVE U
you will
great album...thank you.
You guys did great Have a safe flight home. Rest well
So cute
Share some Sunday love
Listen now
Yes, we're going back to Torontoooo~!
DM ME IF YOU WANT TO TALK TO ME. I WANT TO TALK TO MY MOOTS.
I am really happy that you came in Europe and that I had the chance to see you ly
Happy Birthday Dato Nizar & Grandkid Sean Falique Nezzar (@ Birch in Kuala Lumpur, KL)
I love you BTS
Mah heart a husband like my father please!!!
Hey buddy thank you this amazing first leg of the tour ! It was mind blowing! Thank your for the
gowon? hello and welcome. (late)
1 and 1 favorite person?? Game ba? Sigee lang HAHAHA
Same
MY BEAUTIFUL MAN. I LOVE YOU.
MY BEAUTIFUL MAN. I LOVE YOU.
MY BEAUTIFUL MAN. I LOVE YOU.
MY
I repeat Modern Family and it never feels redundant
Fiel corcel Ninh Province
Thank you for working so hard for the concerts
The concerts were lit!!!!
Eat well and Alot of Rest
Love you
France?? I LOVE YOU
Natcho
We love you
i love you
Afro pop & Hip hop!! That's my shit
Waiting for the film to start The Mockingbird Cinema & Kitchen
i u!!
MISS YOU KING SEE YOU ON THE NEXT TOUR STAY HEALTHY
Thank you world wide handsome & you should rest now
Love you so much
such an inspiration to me dr she did her half marathon last week and continued 10km run this
To the Glory of the Most High
love you, big thanks for caption! glad you're home
Potato Wrapped Shrimp Eating Sounds ASMR Eating Sounds Da Duong via
Thank you so much, sis!!!
Lord, I see what you do for other children...
Me too and seafoods are Bae
Btw thank you malaysian stays, trending at 8
Valentine
This year you're mine l_toha1!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
We found a coffee shop. It was adorable. 10/10 would definitely recommend Little Lane Coffee Company
bas kar she's perfect for you
Che amori
please rest
happy birthday
Amo esta
memories with you;
luv that
I love you too baby, go back home safe and please rest you did so well in every night of the tour, i'm
Hi.
Add to Snapchat - BlushSnaps. This Cutie likes facesitting :P
Easy like Sunday morning
Thanks to you, rest well now you did great
Le coccole
cenazede
Road to 4evahh
Thank you! all the best to you too beautiful
World wide handsome indeed. Thank you, we love you. Rest well.
love to you bb
I love you too Jin! Thank you for changing my life
Throw back
We named our kitten Willow
yiee, love youuu!
Thank you so much for the tour, it was the best day of my life! I love you
We are betting on the kids we need you to tip the scales. THANK YOU
Absolutely brilliant show x I hope you enjoyed it as much as I did
She never gave me a chance to Love
Helloooo
my handsome i love you
i miss you so much! please get some rest!
Shobe&Athena
I LOVE YOU TOO SEOKJINNIE
YOU DID AN AMAZING
PLEASE REST WELL!!!!
I ENJOYED THE CONCERT
I love you SO SO MUCH
ICHINI KOCHINIE SEOKJINNIE
WORLD WIDE HANDSOME
we love a supportive brother!
Work at Home Reader with Measurement Inc.
coming back from uni to see this live on Friday was the BEST thing, I love this song
Home, Sunday Bruch & a cuppa Happy Sunday
21 AVRIL GAME OF THRONE SAISON 8
Yay we love you too!
Babe
Malam mingguan sama
doyoung? thank you for the welcome, nice to meet you.
1 out 2 of my best friends are taken....
This is stunning
I love splash it's a good choice
Ladies and gentleman we have lift off (55 Photos)
I simply love Dakota and that genuine smile she shows in every event she attends
ahehehe
Thanks
Mines November 17th
Crush since grade 9
Congratulations this was much awaited god will bless u both always
Masters of jewelry displaying artisan.official. We everything
.
.
Hey Handsome! I loved seeing you live (PHEW so handsome! ), thank you, Thank You, THANK YOU! Now rest please
Karma is a bitch~Jungkook version
I love so much one of the best YouTubers !
Awww I love you too
roseong
Marshmallow after mass
Maybe she was tired. forget a human being
Finally
Happy happy
hi lon!! goodluck sa laro nyo hehe I wish I can be there to support you :(( play well!! I love you I
Thank you for helping me getting updated
Sarazka's posted a photo :
Yang kangen sama anaknya nempel terus nih
lav u always ate
60 followers in 10 hours, wow thanks a lot, gonna be even more naughty to make u all happy
I love cows
What about the winners for Corbyn and Zach?
Worldwide handsome indeed. Thank you, we love you. Rest well.
This feeling.
Thank you for working hard!
i lift everything up to You
For You
10/10
Nice tweet Jorge, respect where it's due your turn next year Champ. Hope you recover well
Please baby dont apologize its okay We all can be busy.. this is life I totally understand you.
... he did...
... when he starts to speak I could listen to his voice for hours... so soft... and
happiness
Street food
Heart of Seoul food
Night out... Thanks
Awwwww this is so adorable! Congrats to them
Thank you so much for coming to Europe and London it was really amazing! I hope you can return and rest well now
I love your name
Check media for proofs
Class of 2018 Mall Show
With pretty
Labyuuuuu
JIN we love you too take care now baby
Sore bumil boncel
we're gonna stay by your side until the end
Throwback
Love you
Pretty woman.
see you next game come back stronger
Congrats rin! Quali tayo, claim it
Blessed thank you, Lord
Splendid!
Go regarder Fairy Tail
2pm junho and jyp are here!!!
Like our Page
Share this Post
Tag a mate who's sharing your bounty!
Good Luck! I would share
Chronicles of Narnia
taken me a long time because I the BBC. But now I have to agree with this. You can uphold freedom of
happy birthday my love!
A huge thank you to for helping me out.
thank u hehe
Thinking of you today Lala Lou Moon Good luck
Say I LOVE YOU with our white Everlasting Rose ... Our beauty lasts a year I LOVE YOU with
trailer has touched 1.5 million
Watch it now on
would love to see get her booty hole stretched out amd pounded
Lazy Sunday morning
Precious
thank you
Yasss
ohhh!!! I miss you seokjin
I love you
Can't wait
Hi love you my Ashleigh I love you
had a great day
Thank you so much
K. Will Love Blossom is
yup there music caught my heart! and this guy caught my soul!! still can't get over!!
Ily both
Supporting our TAMMY Thank you guys!! namiss kitaaaa
PORTUGUESA MEIGA HOJE
I absolutely love this top
see u next year!! rest well
U did well, rest and eat a lot love u
we are scout
JOTA-JOTI
we join, we love it
Juniors team with jazz and lexiiiiii uwu
Some night trail running. Awesome run!! We are coming for you ragnaraustralia !! Our team is called Sole Sisters
Enjoy to everyjuan who's at the ADN HOMECOMING 2018!!
Even Team Di Makapunta ako... My and Mind will be
Love you more
awww thank youu not that confident about myself tbh:(
Waiting for your comeback with shoes like your Hehehe wait to watch you in the next game!
to spend my Sunday with lovely people & lovely foodsss!!!
Ps: sorry malique anaqi.. no photo with u
10/21 Happy Anniversary of Wonder introduction in comics
Check it out Cork
I love you so much, this day is great, and mostly because of you being here
Wind Residences Picnic Grove Talisay Batangas (saka na ibang
I
No further explanation
Get well soon Leo!
i'd like to sing lots of umetora songs one day
je
I LOVE YOU
Stay healthy and rest well Oppa
So proud of you, sweetheart
La Murder House
Think I've shared this before...
It's so inspiring and emotional
Just beautiful
my girlie
Happy birthday bitch. Loveyou.
Treat the World with Love
Happy 64th anniversary Pasay First UMC! Thank you! Pasay First United Methodist Church
Jin plz try Africa we r waiting for long time
Love ya
We don't need menus for the Triple-B (48 Photos)
A little remnant from the summer...so much life around a grazing farm. We fit in to it.
g dormi 13h omg ct trop cool
order form sent
Fall of Mankind
Valentine
This year you're mine jenoyshel!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
STRAY KIDS STAY ARE THE BEST THING THAT HAS EVER HAPPENED TO ME.
Seeing you again made me forget the one thing I never forget remembering
Troooo sooo happy for meme.
Temple attendanceeeeee!!
Yeyyy!! Temple Recommend (1yr Validity, sana masulit hehez)
take care of yourself, okay?!
I'm waiting Tour Concert in thai.I miss you.
2018 VW DRIVER SEARCH WINNER.
so proud of you bro
One, two, three, viva
thankiewww afiqa
THANK YOU SO MUCH JIN. I LOVE YOU
Thank you. I will.
Just gnna leave this here so we can all appreciate the beauty of his side profile
SAMA MEREKA
The day is said to be well spent only when you meet your best friend
hubby, you never failed to amaze me
I just joined curious cat! Ask me anything!
Toris
Congratulations girl have a great life ahead
what is your favourite A.H.S season? Love the new video BTW
i love you too
keep you in my prayers Sis
The best team in the history of SA soccer is playing today &
TE AMOOOO
Amazing ideas
is it true, your Christmas drinks are out? I love the black forest hot chocolate
Good morning
Thank you so much boys.
I love you.
We love you.
France love you.
Je t'aime.
love you
how have u treasured yourself emotionally today?! - love this Veronica
My heart.... Vmin i love u both so much.
Boys r super doper Loyal
We Love u more
I love you so much
I just recalled up chief i think it is
OMG.....Congrats
Sempre
Accidentally in love
baba congratulations so happy for you wow!!!
Loveyouuuuuuuumoreeeee more boys and drinks to come
cant wait for marvel movies!!!! ff to 2019!!!!!!
Aweeee I miss you more my wanna
Omg congratulations!!!
still congrats to uembt u all guys did great! bounce back next game nice game kuya u did well gotchu always
I watched Coco for the first time last night and what a masterpiece it is
HEY HAN JISUNG, ALL OF YOUR STUFFS WAS AMAZING AND THE BEST. I LOVE YOU MUCH LOVE. PLEASE ALWAYS REMEMBER THAT
That bonding
being smushed in the middle of my son bf every night > I want it any other way
and I love you
Cover art for
Portfolio:
Like and Retweet
You are so cute
Amizades como as de sex and the city
.
photo by
I hope you're alright. Eat well and take a rest my king. stay seokjinly. love you lots
Mommy
Hehehehe I love you
I be following you if you were annoying
This is werw our HOME is
HOORAY FOR TODAY!!
It was AMAZING! Just heading home now
IFB with always
Follow me
NarBhi
My sunday is boring so smash that heart
Exciting stuff! Will you send us a picture once it arrives?!
this
fit in when you were born to stand
New girl crush!!!!
You're so pretty, mems!
City of love
Those conversations you skip sleep for.
awweee idol ka daw nya
IFB with always
Follow me
Hi ladies!
Yuk ikutan beauty class FLAWLESS LOOK with MAKE OVER n viviweddingmakeup
Friday, November 9 2018
You got this
I believe in you think about Sasha and be good I promise
"The Best Thing To Hold Onto In Life Is Eachother"
.
Introducing... Sam & Nana
.
Hi.. Your wife is here
I what they do.
You worked very hard and put lots of effort into your performance. Thank you so much for it all. Thank you so much
for the love of campus journalism
making mistakes with you is my favorite mistakes so far
wait for it
Just watched the whole video of our Unity dance (from teptep's phone)
No one wanted this dog with no eyes until a special friend entered her life and everything changed...
IFB with always
Follow me
I love you :( thank you for posting and cheering me up
Thank you so much. I'm enjoying trying out different gemstones in them - this one is Peruvian pink opal
I hope win, dream guys please I beg you I come to France for seeing you ! Je vous aimes
New pics of Dakota, Shia and Zach at the Event in Denver (Via PicturePub)
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH
Babalik ako agad I know there is a important person na babalikan ko. You are so important and
Just be Happy!
We love you too !! See you soon
Love
I always get this little girl to take photos with me little Lexi Reading, England
yesterday's fansupport for was a success! thanks to those who supported :)
-
my next fansupport
Dedicated kay hehe
U drawing new chanbaek art? OMG can't wait
IFB with always
Follow me
i love you too mamsh
ohhh hello wub!!!
thank you for working hard throughout this tour, i love you so much and enjoy your freetime love~
Watched Andhadhum yday and it was so nice to watch a good Bollywood film after what feels like ages. Also how amazing was Tabu
Miss you like crazy....
\ /
\
At their peak, which centre-back partnership are you taking?
- Ferdinand &
- Terry & Carvalho
Bet
Eu te amo
Hey Pretty Lady! ASAP After dinner / party with the gorgeous
RT Indie from St Albans, such an affectionate girl
IFB with always
Follow me
Been thinking about this place lately. Patagonia.
Sensei
Omgeee could be
ILYSM KIM SEOKJIN
From Harry Styles to Kid Kardashian why so ganda bby? ikaw laman ng feed ko mula Ig, Facebook at Twitter
Love you Jin. Hoping you are coming back to Europe again so I can see you all
Already do follow you
A year ago today my friend Kyle was murdered by an underage drunk driver. Nothing will ever make me miss you less. I love you forever KC
Angel walks On earth
This aged well
EXO Wallpapers // lockscreens
RT = save
= save
Watch Youtube Again
Reach 20 Million Views Faster
Ahaha One love
I missed you Have a safe flight to home!
Ya allah my heart
Love wholeheartedly, whatever happens will be for a reason
You worked so hard during the tour we appreciate it
CONGRATULATIONS TO YOU BOTH MY LOVE
I hope win, dream guys please I beg you I come to France for seeing you ! Je vous aimes
morning G! have a great day
Can honestly say that I could easily watch another whole series with 80% of this years contestants! Very fun and cohesive!
How to support a non profit
Without donating or purchasing a thing !
1. Comment on
Fin bref jtaime trop bisous tit coeur
Thank you so much I really know what to say.. still buzzing from this
I find myself even holding her hand at church... Have pure love for my other half
Congratulations
Lovely photo, I miss doing this with my Dad. I'm 42 now and sadly he passed away in June. I miss him so much
Stay with me forever
You are the best Thanks for coming se you soon
Merci frero vous aussi
Thank you
....and you were worried about TCU today? Great win for the Sooners.
Last sunday
Who has more Fans On Twitter
-
-
New pics of Dakota, Shia and Zach at the Event in Denver (Via PicturePub)
Happy Birthday Frances!! Have a blast and enjoy your daaaay
Happy birthday para minha fav
Congratulations! isn't the priyanka-nick wedding also scheduled for next month?
wont cry, too young to die...
If you gonna quit
*shakes that hips*
Welcome, thankyou dinn Ingat din alwayssss, godbless
PH on top
happy birthday brer have a class day
Rest well, Mr. Worldwide Handsome
IFB with always
Follow me .
Congratulations &
Journaling is never helpful. Let the ego play its game and come back to the true nature!
Happy birthday Nse, may your days be filled with smiles
Oo to super
!
MAWMAW
I keep finding photos I shared yet! this one of & in the casino
changed? ha? shot pa a hahahah
Good to see my former class adviser, Sister Maria Relyn Grace Jaspe, RVM.
I desire all arrival spaces at airports to be like this
Paris - Nov 2017
Thank you so much my beloved brother
So proud to be your sister,follower and supporter.
I hope you liked
Congratulations to the most beautiful and adorable couple
Can't wait for the wedding to happen
like , Comment and tag friends Follow: _ufcnews_ Credit: ufcnewsalerts Geoff Neal vs. Luke Jumeau
be a sweet potato chip
Talent right there
Thank you for helping me all the way..
I Love You
Congratulations and have a great life
If only and today especially
insert
Yo girl
The King Of Course KDB
His fan
Thank God for giving us Kim Mingyu
T i m e for Breakfast.... Bacon and
Slow and easy S u n d a y
.
.
.
All I need is u
worldwide handsome
Pretty ladies Dahyun's Rainbow hair though
God bless them always
Worldwide handsome Jin
We deserve her
Sad hollyweed has to hide their political opinions! Sry for her illness
You are my favorite hello and my hardest goodbye.
This thread is
SHE IS SO ADORABLE AND CUTE MAN
Thank you for this keep updating please
Fell in love with myself again. wait to be in love with someone else
That triple double of tho wow CONGRATS UP
Generosity show abundance . Some People are naturally altruistic
Watch Youtube Again
Reach 20 Million Views Faster
JIN YOU SO BEAUTIFUL
thankyouuu inaaay!!
I hate Polo but I love love Alvaro
Beautiful
Forever luv yuh
Search and follow my Instagram account....xoxoxo .
I got mine yesterday!
BLACK OPS 4 HYPE!! PRESTIGE JAGEN ROAD TO 700 ABOS! | Black Ops 4 Str... via
JEU POUR TROUVER SON CODE DE
reminded me of the sunset back in krabi
oh myheart!!!
WORLWIDE HANDSOME
Thank you buglat! I love you baby.
i love you to
thank you for this sorry for making u rush love u
Pazar
HAHAHHAHAHAHAHAH
I totally and have since day one. I was so disappointed last night, rubbish song choices,
forever
Ganpati Bapa please bless Ranveer and Deepika with a life full of love , laughter, good
Rest well honey!
Thank you so much for all that you do - I promise you, you are so appreciated and your work is so amazing. A HUGE thank you.
Thank you
Just 2 more crushes and I'll be posting a full length video for all of you that joined.
Lil notes, short
happy birthday, allysa! ilysm! I'm always here
THIS! , my mutuals mean so much to me and so glad I met them , really glad I met you pj
hit the heaaaaart
Congratulations and wishing u a happy married life Stay blessed
eh? I guess you don't like being called "queen" but well, correction then,
as you say, my queen.
His mom calls me ate (coz kuya si jowa) huhu my heart
I woke up my little sister to give me a kiss and she did I love her sm
CONGRATULATIONS!!!!
Babies are so emotional I love you stray kids
thnx for constantly being my lil ball of sunshine,
Thanks to you my love take rest
.
Gain more followers here!!
Retweet & Like This
Its Time To Gain NOW!!
Comment ifb
Thank you HP!
puyatan na ites!!!!
it. on the same boat. loving how crowded it is though.
New pics of Dakota, Shia and Zach at the Event in Denver (Via PicturePub)
Goodnight world Peace, Love and Positive vibes to all :)
Rip
ROCK!
Listen to this excerpt
Cogratultions from Poland!
in Tonight's
Love u sis
ganteng
you have just made my Sunday with tune kaha!
Craving for silvanas and cream puffs
Ahha no you , thanks
Lingerie on a Thursday? We'll take it! (45 Photos)
it when truth is spoken without apology. This is universal & for us ALL!
this tweet when you know a coverup for you & Melania Who FRAUDULENTLY VOTE in Florida &
A bond.
Please I love you so much
Congratulations
Biggest thanks to for breaking Betty for me, what a cracking mare. this girl
Get back in the game with some sexy girls in sports bras (31 Photos)
Luffy vs Katakuri
Please like & comment
it was last year for me and this year for you advanced happy married life I'm sure
Brother From another mother
Love youuuu!
Thank you so much Nat
That picccc
Que te como to enterooooooooooo presiosoooo!!!! Puto amor joder!!
Love you
Ron insisted he came with us to Great Aunty and Uncles wedding the other week.
from the Beautiful Land
18 months of chirpsing on WhatsApp
happy birthday dear
I simply adore you M
Jest idealnie
Merci mon coeur
Finally Many congratulations to &
Ariana
Hello Guys
Just finished watching The Haunting of Hill house! One of the best shows ever. Creepy, sad, and beautifu made me cry
Happy birthday up in the stars where you belong to our one and only Princess Leia -Carrie Fisher . Gone but remembered always xxx
Love you too
Absolutely well deserved ... we the Hippodrome!! ... so keen the time I was taken down into the ring
make fun memories together
,IFB with always
Follow me
So very sad. Prayers to the victim's family.
Louisville | Man charged with murder, DUI in
i think i just had my best weekend of the month.
wiiiii. Thanks for reminding that YOLO.
You were so amazing and I really hope you'll be back in France next year
Lots of love
Thank you
Teodoro Fam
I can't wait for this part of my life
Dilminha
I just published Do We Get Consumed By The Projects We Embark On? Comes with an audio version, enjoy!
Queen is back to her kingdom !
Now game will begin !
New pics of Dakota, Shia and Zach at the Event in Denver (Via PicturePub)
IFB with always
Follow me ,
happy birthday!! hope you have a good day xx
"Home is where the bass is at headbangas" Red Rocks was absolutely amazing! Thank you for closing
Watched Andhadhun yday and it was so nice to watch a good Bollywood film after what feels like ages. Also how amazing was Tabu
Hey We Disney(@bpddisney), thank you for following me
fine. ngibe sorry.
INPLAY TIP
TIP FC Goa II Match Over 1FH Goal Line
ODDS 1.750
STAKE SIZE Medium
HIT IF BACKING
We Say No to Sexy Abs
Look at the sky. Someone is looking at it and thinking of you
I'm soooo proud of her
warriors
The Queen Of Heats
What a weekend
Omgggg! The news all been waiting for!
BOM DIA NENIS.
thanks girlie
Oh shit , Benno im sorry brother
Sometimes it is better unplanned.
sevgilerle
Is your taken na ba ate? ;) hehehehehe secret
Countdown!
=
=
Nelson is a gunner
~
"the women in the picture is me"
so blessed after seeing St. Padre Pio's heart relic waah tyL!
for knowing how to make me feel a little better, a good country song always helps
You went with the pink outfit yay :')
Heart of the Appaloosa
For keeps The Marupoks ft. Borja, ading and jarell
CONGRATS UP!!
This should be 5v5 more practice for teams right now
I like your fashion sense. How do you do it, mam? I'll have to thank my sister for it
You got this
! In Thailand
I glad to meet you,sis
Relationships between Thailand and Holland
Congratulations !
&
Love in air
31 October
Thank you so much sister ankitaroohja craftastic_97 I Really Love Elephants
Nakita ko si CONTESSA sa Cash & Carry.
Nagkita din tayu huhuhuk
My Sunday.
Mixtape
thank YOU for working so hard! rest well love you so much
fantastic news
so much love
Faith Makes Everything
Possible
Hope Makes Everything
Work
Love Makes Everything
Beautiful
May You have
Thank you so much beautiful
Honestly the support is unreal ! I can not thank you enough
not ready to go home yet this is just the
had the best night with josh last night
Absolutely loving my collaboration with they have such amazing pieces
Bhindi pyaaz, dal tadka and tandoori roti at a roadside dhaba. Stuff of dreams.
Boda.
All thanks to for helping me getting updated
Kind of stress reliever
Go to and follow for more
Mami and inay.
Love you so much
Keep your head up !! Love you
my man
JIMIN &JIN
Thank you for having us Wamilson! Being with you always means having a good time!
I love you too mamshie
The Faithful Journy was Marked
New pics of Dakota, Shia and Zach at the Event in Denver (Via PicturePub)
TWITTER 181021 - Tweet de
Ajd, Inkigayo UHDVoir MingMC
Fave
Happy Birthday Milly xx
It is about Donald and he is about the People !!! So ya Trump Train Red wave
Look at him I wanna cuddle him and protecT him and keep him in my pocket AAAAAAAAA
Well that and the fact I wait to see you girls
She said everyone the world will know when it has to know!
ik God has something amazing planned for us
Puyatan na ites!
only valley kids gon know like Nix would say , bumbai they learn you too sis , love you
Happy to hear this news lots of love to this power couple
WIP
Committed?
jin junhoe
jgh, day well spent
.
A bit about Surakarta Museum, I heart the white Greek statue
.
.
ahhh i love you guys
This seems silly but we work hard and play after! Ill never forget this UNDEFEATED SEASON
Selin, melike, (@ Shakespeare Coffee & Bistro in Osmangazi)
IU ran for the win with 3rd Trophy! Queen is Slaying Congratulations
"This ain't a wave its an Ocean" Please listen to my new single and RT
Heart of St. Padre Pio.
where are you
hope you're fine nemo!
tumhari deepu ab tumhari nahi rahi
i smile when you smile
I am so so so happy for the two of you! Congratulations, my love! Wish you love and happiness
Sunday is family day ! Arts & Lights
MERCI BEAUCOUP DU FOND DU JIN
THANK YOU SO MUCH FROM THE HEART WORLDWIDE HANDSOME
B99 and the good place!!!
Grabe grabe hahahha
Jthreenatics
Lol I kno her she doing her thang
Mail in ballots placed in the library collection box yesterday!
Valentine
This year you're mine F8hadx!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
desse
They will get married before me nice
The Hollandia strawberry yoghurt is what happiness tastes like.
Will always choose you over shawarma and milktea
Force toi mon Frero tu reviendras plus fort
me everyday! fuck multiple sclerosis hope you get a energy boost asap
About last night
I know
Labyu two &
Congratulations
Lots of love to you both
New pics of Dakota, Shia and Zach at the Event in Denver (Via PicturePub)
Thank you so much!! Yeah I seen loads of videos and lots of my friends went literally love them x
Night from Australia
Stained glass MCR needs fun and happy glass/ windows!
Here Is My perfect ScreenShot Team
Best birthday present. Chez Hawkes Wright
Af
Congrats Sir or Mam
Happy Married life
Lots of love
never forget that user supportlilycollins on instagram aka me deeply love you
Just seeing this now. She will help people by talking about her diagnosis.
I really love this fandom! kaya di ko magawang umalis alis.
we love you thank you for all of this
de
Go Cougs baby!! College GameDay was the
The baby who is getting christened is so friggin cute Is it wrong to ask the mother of he's adopted?
Thank you so much
The ultimate big sisters room
Caught her raiding drawers for clothes and makeup multiple times today
IFB with always
Follow me ,
I love you Jin
This all have been possible without you. Thank you for making our dreams a reality
Hi angel. I love you so much! Pls have a nice and enough rest You did great and you are so beautiful
thank you pretut! hoy maunti lang crush ko HAHAHAH iloveyoumore!
Good Morning Tony! Have a Blessed Sunday my friend.
Hazal Kaya & Vahide
Tag your friends
Please follow for latest, funniest and sarcastic memes and trends.. .
Evening mass sila ng family nya
So happy to go back to Dineyland soon
Two guys and a girl
10/19/2018
Hey Brothers,
Remember that the only disability in life is a having a bad attitude.
Happy birthday beautiful woman. May you not be replaced on your day of celebration.. Best wishes
Its All Beings in Her Mind And That is Where You Should Being As Well.
Had the most wonderful weekend with this amazing org
on my way to being a counselor!
Autumn nights
Nada
drnoursalem: RT maiis92:
My best friend
Happy day with you
Thanks for everything
Omgggg. Congratulations.
Wishing you guys truck loads of happiness and best life ahead.
Oct 21 2018
So happy
Happy - finally breaking the trend to hide n sharing happiness
Loads of
We love you even more
U r love
Happy Birthday to and Two of our finest
jin junhoe
happy birthday gorgeous girl ! Have a fab day
I got to earn this !
Shhhh ily
I noticed that too! Even her speaking voice so nice
follow miss new account a good laugh and i her + loyal so can look famous
Lovely walk round Croxteth Park With this one Croxteth Hall and Country Park
baby :(
Bom dia!
very true. thanks to you and im going to get my life back one day
Beautiful couple
Omg like finallyyy Congratulations
I would absolutely love to go wild in the aisles at
I love to see you too!
hi if anyone out there has somatic symptom disorder and would be okay to explain it a little to me i would really appreciate it!
happy birthday!!!!!!
fartei me de rir,
Baby jungoo spacing out again.. jungshook is back. What a cutie!
..
The power of Docs
i like you coz you're one of my sweetest bebe whoever's hurting you I'm angry at him/her love you always
Always! Thank you so much
Dinner with Team ROYGBIV! Leslie's Tagaytay
Here it is! DM me any feedback you have and make sure to share it around I you all!
My birthday present sjsjsns
thank you honey!! & yes we do!!! wreck em till i die
Mere bhi do hi hain
UWU thank you
Hoy gaka touch kos inyong concern :((
croiser ma petite Cheyma
M y e v e r y t h i n g
I am SO excited to see you
-ed at "when you look at me"
and 15th nov is wen ram-leela released! thier fist film together! omg this is everything!
be just fine, pretending not. far from lonely and all that got
-ed at "when you look at me"
thanks for the
Lool, come on
Love you
Love the Carlos Ezquerra block
What a joyous day!
Happy Birthday Charlotte!
and we will always support you and remain as a sone for the rest of our life as well
Congratulations
i love our home. so cozy
omG I loooooveee moriarty!!! Happy birthday jiiiim
How good this pic is
Entha sepu aina ala chusthu undi povachu
One of my favorite pinay actress Maja Salvador "Ivy Aguas" TFC teleserye Wildflower She's gorgeous in person
Busy weekend for the both of us but he still called me before proceeding sa pending works nya huhu
thank you.
Jensen vs Caps can't wait
IFB with always
Follow me
I love you Jinne
this is so beautiful
enjoyed my birthday this year despite being ill, seeing all my friends in one place gives me joy
well there's no perhaps about me loving you with my whole heart
now watching you on
Bas Itni si Khuwahish Hai
badhai... what a happy news!
"I Commited a Mistake but Im not the Mistake"
-Gabby Opus
Because That Person See's What Other's Don't That Person Becomes Your Heart , Your BestFriend even when
Tough!
Coke is default and Pepsi is the alternative.
But Pepsi and Yellow Lays combo is life
Beshak...
Great picture- thanks! We
Whispers of the Wind, Kab 4 is up!
Thank you Kwin sa update!
You deserves all the love and happiness Congratulations
Thank you
We love you
still selling these! shoot us a dm if interested
Big mini world Jessica
-19
-
-
My heart will always be here for u and most of your tweets
New Telugu poster..
What is this?
We want BarFi Only BarFi
181020
Hey now
Revamp for
Time taken: 2 hours lol
Likes and rt appreciated
Amazing hussein you are such force and what the world needs right now
Good policy Anything trans related even if well
Thank you for making me the happiest idiot alive
Kon Kon jayega shadi m...... ???
Thanks! You're always so supportive :'3
Good luck child
Supportive father as ever.
You look so fucking good
congrats on your marriage life, Ary! Sooo happy on the good news
......No Matter What I Do He's Still There For Me
The best
My first bias and my last (?) Bias heheh
DEEPIKA WEDS RANVEER
I'M SO FUCKING HAPPY! MY GIRL DESERVED THIS. THEY DESRVED THIS. I'M EMOTIONAL RN
Thanks Craig!
Ise k Pas ho
Most comforting reaction I had so far
Thanks for today hihi luv u both!
Happy birthday to your big boy Stefan! Have a wonderful day together Love from a NoleFan
thank you faithyyyy
Hey Everyone if you are a Youtuber.
RT and Comment your channels and I will check it out
So lovely to meet you at Ty Newydd Jo - you are an inspiration! Looking forward to meeting you at RNA conference !
Another memory to be treasured.
October 21, 2018
chelsea islan
JIN we love you too
take care now baby
So happy for both of you. Bajirao-Mastani
Here goes the first tweet from this fan page.. A page to show love for our queen Please
love it is
YIIIIEEEE HAHAHAHA
Feliz mamucha
Click this
And retweet
I follow back asap
I hate rubbish
love
.@drewparker_97 is the kind of friend you can always rely on to react your fb profile picture and the
time flies so fast
Home from church
LINDO MEU AMOR
Love you , Thankyou
First time na mag mentor sa workshop Thank you guys! Lablab
See you next time
the best!!!
ah it ended... you've worked hard wanna one
Good food, good company with and at Harajuku Also went to
Take care get well soon baby
i also love holland tho
Love Oppa so is my
Thank you last night!!! Love u
TERIMA KASIH
We adore you too (the cheesiest answer ever)
Appaloosa Subscribe
Follow RT MG
Thank you so much!! So sorry I make it to the wedding :(((
When broke out the braindance last night I felt like I transcended to a higher plane. Best set I've heard in so, so long
am happy for them
Dia de Corinthians
you are so incredibly enough.
Thank you so very much!!
Repping my g for the day
Really praying hard for this hero
Valentine
This year you're mine CoolAsianPePPer!
And you, whom will be yours?
WORLDWIDE TRENDING
is still trending at at the moment after 30mins
I You
Thank you... Love you fam...
and 15th nov is wen ram-leela released! thier first film together! omg this is everything!
Thank you
Such a brilliant experience thank you so much to the whole team, Bunch of absolute gems
Woowww Love
Hi iKONICs Let's stream to iKON's Love Scenario M/V while waiting to join the hashtag party for Hanbin's
A piece written for a friend, to celebrate our friendship and passion for music-making
REVIENS MON GAMIN !
a great day
Its okayy, i love everything abt this acc and u btw good luck on it
Inktober Day 21: Drain.
I saw on Attenborough that raccoons are thriving in cities, so, yeah..
One other thing
All the best man. I hope you have a happy married life!
-> <-
Great song
missed you my cabin crew!
You'll be the most beautiful bride!
Thanks to everyone that support us and credit to msi committee team that making this event happened UniKL
this is the most awaited match! Happy! OBF!
congratulations
Sorry bby
triple-double
sweetheart
Be yourself, everybody else is already taken!!
Rts bhi kr diya kruu sb!!
That Irish accent
Thank you P
Red cups we got you also big
Yaoi Au Swap
pancake x grapefruit //boy//.
/ |
/ /
/
/_/
We said we'd always be the same
Muummmmaaaa...
Soooooo Hhhaaaapppyyyy
This happiness
I might cry ya...
Stay blessed you two
All the
Test
19,20 km
51'15" min
85 m.
154 bpm
503 cal.
can I get a follow back please
Austin is teasing us day by day. Hahha. I wait to see princes I was
Morning ! hope you have a good day
cheer leader again for tonight
nice one sizt
Loveyoutooo
Birthday twins
Happy Sunday
reconnecting with old friends from San Carlos and Valladolid, and yes I feel home again
Omg sis the height you're so cute
You two look amazing together
The Love
Congratulations
Thank you for always being there to make sure I stay alive. I gotchu always hehehe love u
Thank you and for coming
My girl crush forever
I love ptg and I hope they spent a good weekend
a filmmaker
Bom dia
Preeto
Tenu.. Ungla Te Layugi Nachaaa...!!
Best part pleaseee
pure happiness
Congrats Mam or Sir
Happy married life
Lots of love
Post 24h15 :p Matinale : Chill sur Darwin Project !progr !pgw
being bullied for finding cody fern hot
Snuggles are the best
Wish you both a happy married life
shows us all how glorious looks for
you bro
Yup because I handle it l felt uncomfortable at IAU, but now happy at LQFC
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ORIKOOO
Tita loves you sooooo much!
Thanks be to God
Awh thank you so much! We appreciate it
Sending Love and hugs to all my working friends out there . Hindi biro ang walang maayos na tulog evryday
I Miss u
I want to fall in love with you again
Good morning lovies
this is the best thing that i heard in the last time finallyyy
I want to be where you are
In times of need I just want you to stay
Rest well king
Bom dia com tiro
Domingo
Thanks for lunch Mr Ali Nawaz Awan Awan MNA NA 53 to MCI Isbd members
Must protect at all cost
thank you so much!!! and its their tour merch
Thank you for your hard Because of you my first ever concert was beautiful and unforgettable
Long time no see you on miss you and pls take care of yourself ugh so handsome
So so so happy for you guys
We love you too mamshie
Thank you so much for caring. These days a rare quality I am afraid.
Prend soin de toi
Love u Jin World wide handsome wouhouuuu
Thots
follow -
Turn on Post Notification
Story
Omg soo happy for and
We love you too mamshie
From what I've seen, your 'end' is an absolute to match the rest of your gorgeousness
I am so happy
Brendan Taylor 5*catches out of 6wickets still 4wkts remaining
Seokjin-ah!! love you
Happy Birthday
[INFO] Official hashtag for Hanbin's Bday!!
happy birthday michelle!!
Hoyyyy
i miss dahyun's black hair
this makes me so emotional im so glad very openly supportive of lgbtq :( makes me feel better about my
Car wash dates with my love
MB
Thank you so glad we met in cheer! a bundle of joy and you can brighten up
Page 294 of 365 - 102118
King of hearts Off with their headdsssss!!!
I'm up for it then
This man. This man is exceptional.
Food shop complete now time to sweat it out
Happy Sunday Royston, Cambridgeshire, United Kingdom
Rip little man so sorry sending lots of
Just realized today is Sunday, which means skincare day soooo yay I get to pamper myself tonight
D-4 since no walwal.
He's the most cutest little bean in the whole world
Tungod kay Gitry nako tung Loreal Pro Matte Les Chocolats and omg amoy cookie butter
Charlotte such a class message. Thank you
I love the fact all my flat mates love dogs as much as me and we all show eachother pictures of our dogs all the time
Mahlzeit Alex
Mino is so fudging cute!
Go Marcboosters
Will miss this wonderful breakfast spread when back in Lisbon
Matt
I met this wonderful man 9 years, 11 months, 3 weeks ago. I am so much better for knowing him and am
it's over ! thank you so much !
Watching the gorgeous on All about Cuddles!! I Cuddles!!
Shownu using the elf earphones. I'm stanning
My prince
Congrats to abbas
Another good news for Pakistan cricket
Mine is nov 15th as well. Love having something in common with a legend
thank you stray kids
Kindly pls react sa mismong picture po thank you and god bless
Someone doesn't want to leave his mom
He's taking care of me
Clean and Simple Desktop !
Yes Bro
prends soin de toi
Being with you every Sunday anak has always been my halcyone's time. Daddy loves you so much!
THANK YOU!!
Lovely lovely display at theflowershop_bushey I want to live in that place! Bushey
have a good well deserved rest
stray kids is so adamant that we are their reason but they are so many stays's reason
Rip Billy ui
home from church
hihi
Look at my bestie I miss you so much
I love you still, I always will.
Have the best time bronnie
Happy birthday
Asuna is an ideal girl indeed.
Succulent lips you got there pretty
happy pill;
for being my main support
when I'm at my lowest
thank u B
6th
Crush Many
0 Gf
0 Frnds
Wbu ???
He is The Aditya Hooda afterall
Bo jest
Mis
Love
So much love for you.
The main word
A pleasure mate hope he has the best day
I memes and so are u
We to receive feedback here at Massage Magic, as it helps to ensure that our customers find the entire process
DUDE! We're so proud of you! Congrats!
blessed w/ my 1 princess , 1 prince and my queen
Cheerdance babiesss
Get some rest , hope u get well soon
Man with golden heart
yiy altho feel ko naman naDL ko yung fic na yun. Not sure tho
best people
Is that CarrieHerself ?!
Loved Rome
Thanks and we're so sorry for the server issues!
Now have a break we purple you
Chicken Adobo
You've got to choose who are worth to stay with
IJAZAT Video Song ONE NIGHT STAND Sunny Leone Arijit Singh Publisher Punita Sah !!: via
4
.@Jane4loveNG IFB
Jane Follow Help
Lets Connect, a new friend, Quickly!
Follow
Happy birthday
Thank you for supporting labyuutu!!
& to tie the knot on 21st November.
Most awaited day
Hahaha
TWO SHIRTS LEFT
New Amazingly beautiful! You are very talented! Drawing graphite pencil +
Bareng terus ya
Happy to see everyone grow during the whole process
Love you Magna babies
Same here but its hard to go by without u guys
Bem jogado equipa!
RT Araibno: My heart.... Vmin i love u both so much.
so proud of you I even tell you
gonna answer more curious cat questions later so make to send them in
Je t'aime mon
Thank you!
&
Cooliest
I love ya
Ahhh my heart omg we all thought of it as anime BP
IKR seeing such a wild Sera like
cute ni baby kelvin! luv u
American
Horror
Story
Mr Who!!
You are very sexy hun, love your body
themonmon started following you
themonmon your post
Loved Ric
Still remember the one day on Raw, him and Triple H were wrestling... Omg the blood
, thank you for the vlive hehehe
MAGICZNE NUMER 10
Wonho is such a mood the biggest monbebe out there
Sweet Princess
Amo confidente
I loooove my car, old but gold.
Finally ..
Congratulations the best couple
Easy like Sunday morning
na . Nabobored ako
Congratulations you deserve all the happiness in this world
May you and (and your daughter) continue to be as happy as day 1.
Good luck babes
3 years in a row, so proud of you
My cutest baby everrr aunty loves ya
Non me ne mai
I miss America too. It has its flaws for sure but it is a gorgeous country
- QUICK FIRE ROLLER
Tap if on it & you could win a FREE BET!
go
Morning baby
.@WeventsProd are killing it with these guest announcements. wait to come back for my second con with you all
Meu amor, bom diaaa
Seokjin ..... I love you sooooooo Much
Baby Love ..i hope your okay ...
Love you both
Subscribe
Follow RT MG
Stolze Besitzerin!
I dare you to let me be your one and only.
i feel special i dont deserve I'll miss u too
We can see how they love and protect each other.
Long live,
Hoy ang ganda nung shirt! The fanboy in me is shaking
Thank you dear friend.
Videoke sesh with fam will always be my fav thing to do.
love you!
one day be pretty enough to have no filter
I love this jam
Je
You know the saying a way to a mans is through his stomach....if one thing good at
We LOVE that we can bring our pooch here in the snug!! Nice walk along the canal followed by an amazing brunch
Aww cute haha
I will do my best to waddle up there for hugs!
I was a silly and only brought bags and no case so I
Thank you ate
I LOVE YOU TOO
please come back again soon beebo! ILY
ily
Gay Lesbians Are Good
Strong coffee & a face mask
Show Love
We love you
forever be the only person I could ever want .
Thankyou I needed this kinda motivation
I'm boo'd up bbz
And yaaaaasss!!!!! Sharing it again soooooo happy official
Anurag x Prerna
EPISODE - 18
Thanks ultrashag lovely photos
Just realized that I've been spending all my weekends at my boyfriends house.
This was me in 2017. It gets better. I promise, just soldier on
BET 1!
if youre following!! do this
Dear YouTube pls dun freeze our views or delete the views again we worked really hard for this
P.s. im
Love you so much goodnight and you..
LORDY cute!!
And one of the best paintings ive done thus far.
thank you
And i love you
Goodnight
TY for sharing this photo about our beloved Carrie
He deserves everything
Gorgeous
That would be awesome A dream right there and our to ourselves and smells nice with our furry
2Pac - Do For Love
I'm so glad to hear that! I love you jin
You put your arms around me and I'm home.
I really enjoyed spending my day with the both of you! & fighting para sa tuesday
These words really hit the spot my brother .
Thank you so much for the birthday wish. I truly appreciate it
Lovee you
Thank you!! One and only nga talaga in English
I love you
The saem please
Beautiful sunny Stratford-on-Avon Stratford-upon-Avon, Warwickshire
Thank you so much beautiful
i need to sleep soo goodnight mutuals and goodnight i love you so much thank you for everything
Somebody please tell me i'm not dreaming... Finally Together Anndd they finally announced their
Like this tweet for no reason
Carpe Diem! Seize the day!
I feel so blessed to wake up next to a man that loves me unconditionally.
i wait for dwc to reach 100m!! i joined this fandom during that era huhu
Congratulations to Deepika and
always amazing. going to change his life.
Sending hugs across the miles, praying for a match somewhere
Congratulations to Deepika and
Let me be honest here. I understand the pain but I love to smile through it.
I love you so much phillys, Mona and my deR Rebecca
Short cute story
Huge congratulations to you and sending you both lots of love and happiness
do you wanna talk about it because i am right here
YES! Baby breaking records and snatching the world like nothing Very, very proud of you
i love you
Love you more reemy thank you 7bebty wayed
Last night at Spakes in uitenhage
boa sorte
Wahhhhhhhh Yang Decastro
we miss here in the Netherlands
Go !!!
Have a big massive shiney ball on that stage girls! Go smash it!
I love your walk through of your beautiful house Call me if you need help decorating it
Thank you!
GOOD JOB BOYS CANT WAIT FOR I AM YOU
Nabila's voice is adding on more beauty to this Oh my Jigar
H a p p y t i m e at SizzlerThai
BABEHHHH
Love
gn to and and to all my mutuals only
Absolutely perfection
Thank you so so much for sharing!!
Wiiieh Thanks love! Ilysm
:3
Ust courtside reporter makayla is ganda but Go Bulldogs all the way!!
you all did great, baby!! rest well
STAY SAFE AND HEALTHY ANGEL! LOVE YOUU
Jinne
Are you okay now ??
Take care of your health
Rest well
Be Happy : )
IFB with always
Follow me
HB beautiful Princess
Jin so beautiful bless my eyes for one more time
Silly Sunday Snaps
see your animal photos
FINALIST!!!!!! THANK YOU SO MUCH LORD
i thought it can't get any worse than the original face... just joking fella, hyped for the stream
Iam waiting for
Movie gunshot blockbuster
Elanti thriller movies theyandi
one year ago
Words will never explain how proud I am of you
Ohana
Don't worry i'll protect you if ever man..
Boy, share!
Gonna have to kindly disagree on this one, I loooove cantaloupe
Hey jinnn
Relationship goals
Depuis le
THANK YOU STRAY KIDS
Love u too worldwide handsome
Very impressive
Happy Birthday Brother
KIM SEOKJIN you are more beautiful than the sky!
is giving your son your towel when his forgotten his at swimming
Until he stands on it to dry his feet before gives it to you to use
Five days left to end the agreement
Take care of yourself and rest a lot!
Thanks for the fan love
Fortnit
2 Days To Go...
Mr.Perfect
I do this way too often! so relaxing
I hope one day I can see them this close .I be more proud of what they have achieved
ahh thank you
Good Morning Mindy Love
Prettiest girl in the world
you really tried
Adore this skirt I
Embroidered this top on mum's embroidery machine to match it!
4 movieeeeeee for this dayyyyyyy
Google calendar is a college student's best friend
Those replies are the cutest one seriously
Beautiful child beautiful family Charles
worldwide handsome Kim seokjin love you
Chatime
Recently found one and I've never been this content in my life.
like I got this music in my mind saying gonna be alright.
Hello my sweet darling I just wanted to say me loves you lots
Finally!!
Congratulations
from now on, i should be calling u goddess. sjksjskjkl
Please take care of yourselves and rest well Jaehyunie please eat well and rest well, you look
Winston
im from the philippines
FOLLOW ME GIRLS
Zayn best congratulations very special person love you baby
Can PU for the Go4 today
RTs Appreciated
ang cute nyo love you both
and
Sweetheart
ang cute nyo love you both
and
Crush
i hope doing well
Follow me on IG: imlovelyrose127 I'll follow back
New video:-@S1dharthM
spotted at the Mumbai Airport today
Vc:-
Deepika always said world will know when to thank you baby!
The only love story I like in Bollywood
Passion
Love
Heart break
Emotional
Ride of saru and inder love
We gotchu, always. All the love,
BORAHAEEEE I LOVE YOU TOOO
KEEP US GREAT !
THIS IS THE MOST IMPORATANT TIME OF OUR LIVES! TO VOTE
FROM AEA TO SHINING SEA !
VOTE
The true worldwide handsome
5 year ago the same day Ram Leela released
Congratulations Ranveer & Deepika
my songs now on Soundcloud guys, go check it out, the links in the bio, i hope you guys like it
.
.
.
.
.
ah yes, Hayamin is having the season of her life by the looks of it. Beautiful, beautiful Dorte
Loves supporting and cheering for Kwill uwu. I love this fandom
Awwwww
2 years ago today I seen JB and he was beautiful
QUE COSA DEL BIEN TENER AMIGOS HOMBRES. LOS AMO TANNNNTO
Happy birthday to you
I wish you all the best in your beautiful life
Wow..
Guardando A Star is Born
Awwww je t'envoie un tes trop mims
Babe I only date men who need it
Congrats bae so proud of you no1 next year love u
- Mantra -
Life is tough my darling, but so are you
You are tougher than what life throws at you
i like you kasi ang nice mo din and friendly so approachable and pretty din
SOLID. One of the best nights of my life! Dapat mas malapit na lang kinuha ko kasi super worth it talaga huhu
... thank you ...
Gugudan, are currently preparing for a surprise album so everyone, please hang in there a little very
ME & MY DAWGS +
This plus broccoli plus bowl of gravy is total comfort food (and bread for gravy dipping). Might just be my meal today.
M3rfhash bs l avatar helwa
Ehehehe, so cute!
Haha
Always remember to eat while coding
Cant wait for getting better Hope she is okay and is fighting as always
Thank you guys so much for your support! See you soon Scarlett!!
My EXO-NCT heart is happy
stray kids, you all have my heart, trust i love you all so much my heart hurts really
Creditt to Michelle Marlow to at Dookie Delights
So happy ....
Thanks for everything, I Love You
Bon dimanche tous petit souvenir
3 girls have been kidnaped and we need to find them. stand together
Moira singing We could happen is the plot twist been waiting this year
Thalapathy Veriyan New To Twitter
I will be watching from home
I should buy beautiful album too later even dah terlambat kan sebab its the beautiful album ever
thankyou sam
Please put yourself through this thought process, although I understand easier said than done
Thanks
Happy birthday brother-man - you need to stop embarrassing me every time you see me in places
Relieved to hear found, and I hope he gets the help he needs
I love you too
No no its ok, we can set the time and lets meet there hopefully we can sit together too!!!
IFB with always
Follow me ,,,
you guys are precious
HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY MARIELAA long time no see REALLY REALLY MISS YOUUUU ew hahhahha i hope
Freedom and happiness is...... LOVE it really is
Pokemon Red, Blue and Green
This book has so many good quotes [The Eleventh Trade by Alyssa Hollingsworth.]
my kings
Valentine
This year you're mine m4esh1!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
102.
Damn that ending Serial Killers watching Scream (1996)
"Enchanted" during the Speak Now World Tour was pure magic and it made me the hardcore swiftie I am today
Make it happen babe.
Killer pic and sweet smile waoh mind blowing
Just LOVE LOVE LOVE
Thank you thank you so
Haha thanks bro
thanks cuzzzz. thought u forgot bout me. love u
Tasma3om Rabbah in Morocco . very happy to see that interaction and Love . Thanks
HBD beautiful Princess , always in our hearts
I love her
hehehe
You be the happiest person on my TL & I know how much this news means to you. *hugs*
shinji ikari
Our Native Warriors!!
shooo "Visions of a Sunset" Shawn Stockman made the pots with that song.
Congratulations King & Queen
You were fantastic
Donald Trump offers $10,000 to heroic bus driver via This is my President
My Girls; &
People here in Pearl Farm are so warm!!! Having the best stay here in Samal!!
Aw thanks pj I love you so much too
Couple of from leaving do with these bunch of legends. What a blessing to do what we call work with you lot
Relax
Putting an end to all speculations, here they go. They are finally going to get hitched Wedding season
My heart
this is so meaningful for me, in more ways than one. runs deep in my heart, that song.
ADN
) So beatiful
Omg deepika and ranveer are getting married They look beautiful together. God bless this couple.
Congratulations you two. God bless!
Guys, i want you to meet my happy pill. hehehe. Happy 4months thank you sa lahat.
I love Stay amd Stray Kids thank you for everything
I still would have read it because it was from you... but now, just not tense
Ganda ba yan? Ganda yan ehh!
PS: NATOTOMBOY NAKO
..
Don't think about it...gear on...out door...Music on...run... feel liberated.
Feliz cumple mi hermano muchas bendiciones
I can't!!
It's not yet done but I'm too overwhelmed Ang Sayaaaa!
He will be fine
Ranveer and deepika
One of cutest , sassy couple to exist
Congrats
Wishing you all the best
I love you so much my angel, .
You put your arms around me and I'm home.
Realising the real ones
???? I AM CONFUSION.
pero still nice one happy dat yo man's making u happy hehe
I love and miss you so much ty
Lmao
I love FO3 so much
My favorite game of all time
which one are you
This is amazing. So so happy for you babes!
THANKYOU FOR EPIPHANY
Awww take it easy Ana x
i love you,
Vous les meilleurs
TyL for another sem
I do! NY John F. Kennedy International Airport
Best of Breed!!! Well, she is best of the best!! - Luthien Bella et
MY ONE And ONLY.. Edward John Barber - by MaryDale Maymay Entrata
Your growth
_
Retweet & Like this
Follow all retweets & likes
Follow back INSTANTLY
Show Love to
Congratulations!!!
Why y'all liking this i forgot to attach the cup... thankies
Thanks sweetie trying to stay focused today...at least halfway succeeding lol
8 years of loving you and to many more years for me to love you
8 years with
I love you
181021
When you love someone
miss them being together
Hahahaha nothing beats the first time
Happy 21st birthday! I love you so muuuuch!
And this one, bought in Argentina in 98's
My
Come back to me, for eternity
And take a listen to my 2nd confession please
Evet
We want victory
Thank you
Baby i love you! Take care of urself okay
Just saw the SRK Salman Zero teaser in cinema
FELT AMAAAZING!!! Cant wait!
beat a good sister/brother relationship
Artwork I made you
loving our training so far with spreading the love far and wide
Porfin
cuties
Valentine
This year you're mine fcxhi!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
I missed u so much Plss take care of yourself I love u my Jinie
OMG!! Dua Lipa x Blackpink stop replaying the song
Sketchbook drawing
25 more follows!!
let's admire how cute can they be
Lady Maria, Gehrman's heart
Lol...TY Romby, you a great model for
the more you thank life, the more life gives you to be thankful for. Happy sunday
This is beautiful
I will continue praying for a love like
10.20.18
Baby bear mama
Philippines
Night fury meets light fury
Wednesday
Hope to have some
Pete 1103 and 1102
MY SEVEN LOVELIES
That's beautiful! Talented boy
THANK YOU STRAY KIDS THANK YOU STAYS THANK YOU EVERYONE
Oh I love this!!
wait to learn from you See you on the 27th!
In the end if you read all of this thank you for being a super friend even though I'm major hermit who spends half her day laying down
Tan hermoso!
Today was my fathers birthday & 10yrs. Heart is with ya
My beautiful great grandmother at the Aberfan disaster. Never forget
Mommy baeeeee
see you soon love you thank you
Not doing it alone makes it worthwhile
I love Brody Morgan
Exam tips
by starstruck 475
240
That gif is me rn
TH GO ; 2019 greetings mayrabbitprince)
1 Set = 1300.-
Still have people who care and support me. Thnks
Happy birthday my SON MOSOPEFUNOLUWA SAMAD ORILOWO MUTAIRU my chocolate carbon copy Baby of the House
Congratulations God bless you both
Lmao. Congratulations bro. So happy for you. God bless your family.
thanks for the follow
thanks
SUPPORT
TOURNAMENT FINALS!
Congratulations Consolation family.
Beach House were amazing. Hearing Master Of None and Real Love made my night, my life.
Hey, since you're so good at grammar, can you fix this sentence for me? "I are a son of a bitch". Thanks heaps
Above else guard your heart, for everything you do flows from it.
-Proverbs 4:23
Kung ano man pa ang laman ng
Feliz a eia
Thank you so much for this giveaway James so nice of you
im so proud of myself for doing that paper. Now all I gotta do is perfect it tomorrow
When I look at you by Miley Cyrus
10.20.18
Girl you are BEAUTIFUL
Ah thanks Arthur what a lovely thing to say ..she's missing a certain someone very much
from childhood friends to kumare
Finally, Bajirao Mastani !
Be grateful for everyone in your life; they made you the person you are today
because I'm really in my feelings and not sleeping any time soon...I love this kid more than anything
Popcaan- Firm and strong
Happy birthday dear
Chocolate brownie fresh out the oven! What better way to finish off a Sunday roast.
Thanks, G7 - hope you're well, sweetheart
J A P S
Napaka-cute mo mahal na mahal kita pero forget to make yourself smile also!!
JUNHO THE PRESIDENT OF STAY Y'ALL
I dont have any bts merch I only have these pictures which i printed Hope it counts !
Btw i
Yess!! Missed you so much
What is happening?
Why is trending with only 20-30 tweets?
No offense tho lol i love Varun's future
Amo tanto
Finally its happening
I am not crying
happy birthday miss you! enjoy your day
So much celeb love pouring in! Sonakshi, Karan, Richa , Rohan, Anaita! We going breaking the internet
Thank you Lab ko kayo! patuloy na nagdadasal for AlDub projects.
Listening to Malibu Nights by LANY is
Sarap sa ears, sakit sa hearttt.
tfw you show up in oslo on the screen and broken lock button bless up
To be is to love you Bebe TWISTED (Official Video).
Appreciate it
I love you and appreciate you
\
crush,
/| /
\|
______|
/
|
_|
\
chat
Ehehehe, so cute!
Yes!!
They even handle a twitter account
Former eagles vs current eagles nakakaexcite lalo na yung wong vs galanza goodluck to the both teams Hi ate
Moooorning
EVERYONE SAY THANK YOU TO HER
... the is what lets us know that even though we are well-intentioned, we are crushing folk and
igs
MY HEART
when they were on edge on seperation
OMG OMG OMG OMG
They are getting married
Babies
Best best bestest wishes to you guys
Awwww Happy Birthday my special witch. Love you Eguabss!!
the sunflower
sqd
i u!!
Thank you
and Aldub Nation
IG
Lindinho
Bby
Always and in all ways for you and
huge congratulations to you and i am so excited about the two of you getting
Thank you for the chance to win your Cuddly Cheeky Monkey.
You already know
so proud
Congratulations to both of you..
Have a happy future ahead..
Seeing the pride on show for all to see was truly inspiring, I shed more than a few tears
Saitama, Japan.
by
((())) gute Besserung
I love you
MAAAAH HAAART
still have 2 bottles of wine to finish, let me get started
How many nonces have blocked you? and
In nielsung we trust
This came out of nowhere but i just wanna say
THANK YOU EVERYONE GOTTA GO STUDY LMAO
Out of everyone who he has hooked up with who was the worst? Ps love you both
11 years with them insert
And I will try to be a good friend to you too
I need new friends...preferably my fellow kpop stans
Monaco
Valentine
This year you're mine evanlost1!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
You are welcome, Emma. All the best!
Killer pic and sweet smile waoh mind blowing
Just LOVE LOVE LOVE
Thank you, thank you so
Happy I got to see you ily !
Sir Bacol my forever idol
Really Really Zulu here.
Thank you Stray Kids
ITS RARE TO START SUM HOW WE STARTED DIS SHIT...LUV U DOE
Ranveer and Deepika going to marry
i love you, Jennie! hope that you're alright. i wish all the days ahead of you is filled with happiness and love.
... the is what lets us know that, even though we are well-intentioned, we are crushing folk and
Ready to heal and grow.
________________
I love his smile.
Always liked them ...
Lost Bj a while ago man I still get over it love ya man
I can understand.
Thank you
Love you
No doubt our Karachi is full of beauty
Macam mana lah boleh fall in dgn someone yang aku reject dlu..its like a miracle. N i feel like im soooo fool all this time. Hahahahaha.
MEILLEURE FAN JENIFER via - ON PARTAGE
Never will we forget
is heart warming.
aldernrichards02
Congrats, love May you be blessed with all the happiness, you deserve it
What a fabulous response!
Aww thank youu
Elsa Jean
Yes you tell them love
Fans. From Cardiff, with
The whole team did amazing! Congrats
Weltbestes Wetter
Happiest birthday to you
day 1: red by taylor swift
Thanks
i can not wait to go and see this film and wjat a tune this is
Looking hot at the top of the standings
Cutie
also i forgot to say thank you to the kind angels broadcasting the audio you guys are lifesavers
You're always welcome Ilove you
We gotchu both, always!
papixure_ne
ITS CALLED WANNA OFF BUT DONT KUZ I MISS U
WOW CONGRATULATIONS GUYS! MY FAVOURITE COUPLE IS GETTING MARRIED!
More
the most adorable
Happy for you both most awaited...finally happened
end of thread .
Yess Alfie missed you so much I could do with a new vlog to help me get through this shit time X
can't wait for bye's comeback tour my momey, soul and tears are ready
Awww... Such a heartwarming story!
Kings
Congratulations,
And to love and marriage
so Hab viel
missU madammm
Hands down to this guy
Babai - Abbai Bonding
you beautiful soul you deserve all the acceptance humanly possible!!!!
Sundays are meant for Chhole Bhature!!
Loc: Only Parathas
I LOVE YOU
Love Myself
Awieeeee first six si Samantha!!!!!!
Spirit lead me where my trust is without borders, let me walk upon the waters wherever you would call me.
Oh stop that but thanks sis
All I need in life is my family and close friends. My life would be incomplete without them
Love that reminder.
So hanbin does catwalk when super happy?? cutie
where can i get a mum like yours
hit for a dm
Oh my! Thank you for taking ur time to watch us and all the other acts yesterday.
meu amor
This means so much So much.
And you keep a piece of me there with your beautiful photos. Thanks Jen
you cute
Happy Birthday, !
We'll never be able to thank you enough!
Hope you're having an amazing day! All the love.
Acordar assim manooo
Follow
Offline? Add to favorites
oww this is so cute
I want a Sanggyunie doll
Thank you po
1000
Congratulations to both of you
Love you itay!
Hoy me siento guapa~
Merci ma vivi gros gros bisous
Adoro te
Thx
They could not take your pride
Really happy to see this trend getting started We love Romil Chaudhary
Matchy matchy.
i like you because you look friendly ++ you're pretty
Thank you very much You did very well ><?
Wow trending worldwide. Monster rookies with their monster fandom
your body count ps love you
YES !!!!! I hope to order a copy by the end of this year, super happy for you Jimmy!!!!
Finally!! This wedding has been much awaited Congratulations &
Keep streaming Iv had to stop streaming now though as going on holiday, but do more
Bruges w/ my love
SHAN THAT'S MY BABY. LOOK AT HER. LISTEN TO HER. YEAH THAT'S MY REAL BABY.
Don't think about it...jacket on..out door... music... go...weather here is gorgeous.. hope yours is to.. Xx
Niyo na to hahaha bilis!!!
As a cheese lover, I cant just ignore this tweet without liking it! Thanks, for the recipe, mbak
thanks for spending almost half of the day with me and my family you are highly appreciated. i love baby
Love is the vital core of the soul
And of all you see, only love is infinite
Hi My
How Time Flies !!!!!
i feel like JYP looks proud of his sons UWU!
so proud of you
2K Loving Subscribers on YouTube Thank you all for your Support feeling happy in Dubai
MEU AMOOOORRR IT'S OUR B-DAY
Bon voyage waiting for pics
YOU GUYS DID SO WELL TODAY
THANK YOU GUYS
NashLene
Congratulations !!!
Presses my cheek to yours. Thank you
Love this and how loving you both are with him
no problemo!!
Aww Soo Sweet of You Arjun & Congratulations Iqra.. Best Birthday Gift ever haina ?
Finally someone else explained it better
Thank you masternim very much
I love you, Park Sooyoung.
Maria
Rosa
Celes (commentaires)
Hoy es el muy importante y totalmente dedicado a ti mi amor.
Sundays Blessing!
We love you so so so much rest well
Never will we forget
I just want to thank the streamers, bc I-stay could listen to the showcase thanks to them
You all did really really really well. Thank you for everything, rest and eat well, we love you a lot!
i'm living for his gummy smile
Thank you I'm ok having lots of tests and
Appointments and plodding on hun hope all well with you
Hahaha q lindo
Courage toi !
LOVE YOU!!
I you.
Thank you mama
The other day I told my self that," don't let what anyone, says affect the way you do things".
Ty for the validation
love u and maine so much!
Happy pill
Aww that's nice to hear. They were Dutch? So you're a bit Dutch as well? :)
3 DAYS LEFT UNTIL Which team are you rooting for?
HAHAH thank you ring ring
Behind every great person there is a great cat
Amo mais que tudo!
such a lovely day with lovely people & lovely boats
Thank you for listening, Mary Hope Sumalde
Thanks, Trish!!! Kamo nasad sunod
I Trevor Noah!
OYE A MI ESTO NO QUE YO NO QUIERO LLORAR
TY!TY! I wont be surprised if this collection will find its way sa wedding ng LQ. The hx of LQ!'s
JGH BSUTAAL CHURCH SANA MAKAPASA LAHAT NG MGA NAG EXAM PARA SA DOST. TYL
Grateful sunday
Thanks for sharing me
FIERA! Pontedera, italy
& from Ranveer and Deepika to
PHC Thank you for hosting my internship over the last 4 months. It has been an indispensable experience for me
Thanks for the . Please never stop prescribing to every one out there who needs some greens some evergreens
thank you din po ateee miss you po
You're welcome to come over for cuddles
Crying listen to their Vow
Now I pronounce you partner for life
I love you friends pls love me too hahahahahahaha
Chubby thighs are the best, what a cutie
relationship finally got ended within Marriage to be held on Nov 14 & 15
Kim Seok-jin
Prachtig
Another Sunday spent in Bath with Ollie Bath, Somerset
Today would have been Carrie Fisher's 62nd birthday.
Forever with us
Congratulationssssss and
May god bless you both with all the love & happiness
WALANG IWANAN
HANGGANG SA DULO
ALDUB PARIN
Thank you for coming home with us!! We Looove youuu
you did well, taeyeon. i love you cr.
Absolutely stunning pieces!!!
I think it's not his intention to embarass her but i hope he aplogize.
yieeeeeee
The chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian atm
Follow, & Retweet for a chance to win a Tilletts Voucher!!
wait
MY HEART
When the were on edge of seperation
You sound just like me . Hugely appreciated and have dropped you a love too
I liked a video Confidence in the Bedroom Lingere try-on haul OS/Plus Size
,
I'm not doing anything but those eyes my heart is exploding
Welcome to Lucky's Happy Home!
Valentine
This year you're mine sassytakao!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
See u at the finals
USA
.....
/edc/ rate dan saran dong guys? Makasih
Happy Birthday, sweet angel Love and miss you sfm
YES !!!!! I hope to order a copy by the end of this year, super happy for you
We love you too jin
IFB with always
Follow me
Same
back hosting!! Hallween in the of FillMoe! brings you Fright Nite
.
You deserve all the happiness, success and love in the world.
What a surprise
Okay, this was great, but seeing you guys was the best part
Time to create!
I love you Seokjin! Now rest well you deserve it!
Make it a habit to remind yourself worth it
It was absolutely amazing to see you I'll keep these precious memories forever
Hope to see you
Milktea tayo Wow sureeee
Short VM
____ Dil Mere Na Sune _____
My Mom
thank you
WHO WANTS A FREE CHALLENGE
imissyoutoo !!
Shet naglalaro si mamathlete miss u fille!!! Goodluck
Congratulations!! Wish you a happy married life!
ty
Impresionante el museo del Guggenheim
Everything will be a pleasure for our friend.
Blessed Sunday Thank you so much Lord for all the blessings
wait to see you there!
- Mantra -
Nothing bad lasts forever
tyL!!!!!
Awesome work at Barrow well done everyone! Cumbria Pole Art
Fam
IGS
Most bets will be over on here today
If we can get 15 on this! post Pre Match card on here
Jeje
Thank you so much. I appreciate it
Screamingggg finally
You made my day , I love you
Thank you love
It's official now Deepika Padukone and Ranveer Singh are getting married next month on 14th & 15th November
Merci Braucoup
And same goes for you
HUHUHU AAMIIIN thank you love
THANK YOU SO MUCH, LORD
Send my regards
was wondering why I woke up to more mentions than usual. Thank you queen!
My 6 yr old and I happily watching Go Creamline! Hi, Andi. Mom loves you!
bebe Im so blessed to have you. Im always here for you. Study hard and pursue
is now online
My girl is knocked. About to cuddle with my home girl
mainedcm IG story
Dean Tatay Dub Nanay Dub
starts from the front of the Silver Arrows
= Loyalty
Grabr yung caption oh!!! Ayieee!
Continue Vivendo
Keeo on Living
Lilo and Stitch will forever be my most favourite film
which show are u most excited for i think perth bc its gonna be my first since ers and i really hope i
being long since I heard some words like ....
love you
miss you
live without
This is a photo of my youngest birthday presents. 12
Results Results Results
Yes Our Plans Work
For more details DM me
Welcome
I'm so grateful for Keonna man she has never left my side! That's my soul sister
My YulTae hart
I love, Love ... so beautiful
Sure
Such an akward ass pic lmao love you too arky
This made me cry so beautiful. So heartwarming
2 episodes in, quickly catching up.
Minha xuxuzinha
Miss u
21October
MashaAllah the heavenly love of mother
The kitten sitting on the wall with his mommy SubhanAllah
Try and make it a good day
This is something I feel we should always keep in mind.
Ultra gorgeous actress
Te amo
me: *just needs one napkin para magpalit*
my boyfriend: *buys me a pack and tissue*
Yie ang kyut
See u soon my cousins
Happy Birthday!
Ohhh boy that remindes me of something haha
Only milking, not taste could be enough try ask her just for a quick video!
21 October |
I voted for my darling
my favv T-SHIRT
Your dumb and my dumber
thank u for saving her
Yes right! Thank you for saying this. I hope everything is going well for you ya. Speedy recovery Egy!
if M Gordon a no go - Ekeler or L Murray in Standard league. the podcast.
Omg omg omg!!! Im crying Congratulations Best wishes to you love birds!
Thank you love
THANK YOU LORD!! DABEST KA TALAGA!!
Thank you lovely xx
The best yung CDO
Thank you too
Welcome to my life chos hahaha
Avril Lavigne Above (Live from Honda Stage at Henson Record... via
Most improved player
goal as a stay: be a part of this someday
going to reply to all dms later on tonight feeling a bit drained after this weekend
Seryoso? Girlfriend ko to? Bat ang ganda sobra?? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
H A P P Y S U N D A Y
Also in love
No wonder why it seemed like a deja vu to me
OH MY GOD... dancing happy feet... I am a BIG Fan of ; THEY ARE GETTING
Get yourself a friend like this.
we love you
Happy Birthday I hope you have an awesome day
Amazing and congratulations piku and
beauty of ur body
i love it
always stood through thick and thin. as a fan we all have seen and been in your ups and
Listen to your leader. Obey their instructions. They are ordained by God
Salamat tatay Arvin
Always with you Mack
Take it All from the bottom of my
I'm so sorry text me please.. I'm ALWAYS here for you
Look fine don't worry to much I like those moments
weekend date with my boys
Miss ka cuteee Petition to bring back the bangs!!
I think Tarrus was amazed at how we sang his songs word for word
of
Ed Sheeran Ariana Grande Selena Gomez Taylor Swift Bebe Rexha
This is so beautiful and you're so talented!! WOW
jgh hehe
As far as I'm aware the game devs pick the winner so public vote doesn't matter, thank you though!
WHAT A MAN lees allemaal the watchmaker of filigree street
Felix looks so cute with this hair style
thankyou for this GA!
Thank you baby Flaire
those happy memories are worth to be treasure
Thanks to everyone that tuned in we're officially Twitch affiliate
challenge
Bet 2
if your on
im v late but so so proud of you !!!!
My Nutella Boy! Are u actually really getting married?! I m just tooo happy OMG!
When you make a trip to the animal park. Rasmus favourite place. ZSL Whipsnade Zoo
I Bamban (background)
I will always believe in our love story.
Incomplete but
Not three bad thx lol
Watch
on
Offline? Hit the button ' follow'
Tai Chi then mark school books
You are so very welcome
happy birthday martha!!
Thank you lovely! I really am happy, feeling blessed! Hope everything in your life is great
Entrevista con
Te Quiero
Yassss omg watch na
omg congratulations ranno May you both have the best phase of life ahead!
i just wanna let you know, it's kinda hard
My heart
Welcome to the new world my sweetie
Name : park sojung & park sohye
Gender : boy & girl
October, 21 2018
17:24
I know I canny wait missed you too
nothing says childhood more than The Chronicles of Narnia
LMAO! miss me too much.
you're very strong and so sweet uk how much love and respect i have for you
Gulaabi aankhen jo teri dekhi..
Hamza Ali Abbasi & Sadaf Kanwal having fun on sets.
The Gospel
I dont ship them but this is soooo asdfghjkl kinda beautiful thing!!!
Baqoura and Ghumar returne to Jordanian hands.
Venturing into other businesses
Still got so many things to fix about myself but thank you
Congrats mother!!!
Love and travel
Always here for a chat
thank you for everything Jin, i love you so much
Thanks for the feedback friend! we'll make sure to look at it again!
Me too
Thank you gab! Ily and miss you too!!
Nobody Loves Me Like You // Chris Tomlin
is a debut movie for
header
love u love of my life
Thank you So beautiful pic
Thank you Mark for always bringing Carrie in our thoughts. She's unforgettable
Athena and Ethan.
Thank You for your hardwork Seokjin and the rest member too . Please take care of your health and
UP Winning Maroons!!!!
THE CUTEST
Thank you pooo! Congrats Wave 4 scholars. I'm so proud!
congrats again dainty!!
THANK YOU LOVE
Nah you deserve it Enjoy, fam!
Buzzing for you son
I need a makeup lesson, so can you fly me out so I come to you and you teach me everything? love you sister
We love you General, Happy Birthday.
Thanks
Wow. Thank you for your honesty. I hope you can both find some healing.
Oh yeah, it's birthday today. Happy Birthday mate
This toxic. just distancing yourself from everyone while you sort your shit out
Thank you very much!!
Thank you, for helping me with my assignments and encouraging me to keep on moving. Na appreciate ko yun.
I'm so happy that my two faves are always partners
oh my heart
Love
thank you bby rest well
You look after yourself Anna ; sending hugs and kisses xoxo
cute, can i keep you?
Happy birthday to the most amazing women ever i would be no where without you love you always mum
I live for this kind of interaction between Anne Hathaway and
new phone hehehehehe
My paradise
In total contrast this is just beautiful
Perfect Couple Goals
Sizzling Chemistry
Mega PowerStar to Adopt A Village Affected By
IM BACKKKKKKKKK
OMG I love him he still looks so diddy
Enjoy
Wish it was Glasgow miss you so much ,,
They deserve each other
Happy for them
careless, careless. shoot anonymous, anonymous. heartless, mindless. no one who care about me.
Obrigada minha princesa
is my Medicine of Pain or any depression. well I don't have depression because I'm too young now
I love my brother and my Always looking out for me!
Always
We having you!
Goodnight to only one man
Separate ways till we meet again!
Ohh star... Had no idea it's been so rough for you.
My ears are always at your service if you need them :)
Beautiful artistic flower pictures! These are stunning jericafayejefferson Cumbria Pole Art. Carlisle Studio.
OMG!!!Congrats love Congrats guys
thank you beb!
CHALLENGE BET 1
What a place.. what a vibe!!! Potato Head Beach Club Bali
BUY ATTRACT YOUR SOUL MATE TWIN FLAME LOVER SPELL NOW HURRY BUY NOW SHARE COMMENT LIKE Magic
What a place.. what a vibe!!! Potato Head Beach Club Bali
Congratulations guys
Good morning Babies
Have a delicious day
the concert in paris was amazing thank you for everything, france loves you
21 anos
i really be saving up for santorini someday
REM's Virgin Island Hotel
According to me lad im the 8th wonder of the world ..... very cute of him
always gotchu love n miss ya
Rydia
Lenna
Terra (commentaires)
Please support Dr. Faustman and the BCG vaccine. A proven cure for type 1 diabetes.
God loves you more than anyone ever can
thank you
When they name the young wolf the king of the North after Neds death
Bom dia
Free - Ultra Nate
Sama sama dede gathan!
Beautiful, as always
sorry sweetl u just what l nee 2 do
oh merci beaucoup
"We cannot accomplish all that we need to do without working together."
Thank you for all the lovely birthday wishes. X will be streaming soon! X love you all
.
Gain more followers here!!
Retweet & Like This
Its Time To Gain NOW!!
Comment ifb
One of my fav couple is getttting marrieddddd
Congratulations to both of u
Couldnt resist buying this song. now i can listen on repeat to my hearts desire
Spread LOVE everywhere you go.
paki fill up na lng GO form from this link... let me know if okay na. Congrats!!!
Valentine
This year you're mine iyo9_!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Valentine
This year you're mine zayney_cassiexx!
And you, whom will be yours?
Have a nice flight, rest well , eat play well, and hug well ~
Ok ty!
Happy Birthday to Ranveer Padukone
So cute and no your not fat !! All I see is beautiful sister.
Follow me on Instagram ( ) for lots more great pictures!
Museo del Guggenheim
Follow me on Instagram ( ) for lots more great pictures!
Inside out
Upside down
As long as there is love
Who cares
Preciosos (make_repost)
Throw back pic .. I never knew there was so many black and white
Amoooo olha a curvatura
SUKLAY ULEEEET
You have me
It's divine
Thank you for raising your voice and sharing your story. Sending you love and light.
We all love you, our prince pls don't thank us :)
And the internet is gonna break!! Congratulations
Soooooolid with them
Breathtaking
so cute
Look for youtube account
Hello, Amsterdam
.
I won't give up..
Hello my new dear friend, take your time sweetheart, health is more important, I'll be here!
Few reasons why everyone's hot favorite right now ! 1) No unnecessary fights 2) Always on point 3)
OR WORSE (ACTUALLY, BETTER PALA), MAG CAPTION SIYA NG "MINE."
G O O D B Y E L I F E.
Last nite's stream was a blast! Subs, follows, and hosts...thankful for my community.
MAHALO Ohana!!!
Much
Our general.
Carolyn's Mindfulness Quote of the Day.
Lunchtime Bistro weekdays 12-3pm!
glad back
tagged by:
Strawberry
not a classic ranveer way to announce the wedding but fine
congratulations King
Puto cheese with
hndi ordinaryong puto na walang lasa like others gahaha with special recipe to!
25pcs
YASSS It's time for a great show I L T O me
[twicetagram update] by Sana
Though I'm late by a day !
I love you Congratulations
Rindu
Music Goes straight to the heart
Yasa please don't stress about it. Try to take it easy.
OMGOSH IM SUCH AN EMOTIONAL MESS RIGHT NOW
To new beginnings
To second chances
To a happily ever after
And
Museo del Guggenheim
This tweet, "RT ErnestOnaiwu: Turn my notifications
FOLLOW everyone who RETWEETS + this
I You is powerful and your song Hold On to Memories is really by far phenomenal and
URGENT!
3 ADORABLE 6WO#KITTENS
NEEDPLEDGES 4
ID 610125 - Muted
Qatar so beautiful nd hot
Boby le s
Hi
Who else miss bts so much too? and i want back to berlin i love this city!
Happy birthday my guy more life and blessings!
the best
Valentine
Este eres Crisuuwu!
Y el tuyo?
via
Thank you
le 26 octobre c'est mon anniv, vous m'offrez RDR2 ?
October 26 is my birthday,
Congratulations
CAPTION
.
FOLLOW: for more amazing Content on insta
.
hi i hope you are having an amazing day, can you follow me? te amo
X134
It takes love, support and community to raise children With so much local funding being slashed this is
I love you more
Super like you
so happy for you guys
THE LASTE LEOPARD FASHION BAG
HURRY UP & COME !
NOMADE BY JACQUES ESTEREL A SEULEMENT 950 DHS
FAIT
Would you look at these beauties
One dozen red velvet with white chocolate ganache
&
One dozen triple
Please support Dr. Faustman and the BCG vaccine. A proven cure for type 1 diabetes.
Fuck ..me? No thx
Oh Ally - your face is the BEST! Pa ha ha ha ha... Best Wedding EVER
Do you know that you are loved ? 1 John 4:19
You were with us there. We marched for the many. Not the few.
Monaco
Why is very gwapo ang waiter diris mint cafe?
Because of
7 : O ' clock
omgorg HAHAHA happy birthday liah!!!! k liah, sige, fine, who do you HAKHAK god bless u always lavYu
The bodyshop body butter
bae
Congratulations
.@jesseruben embodies every aspect of that we should all have
Listen to the perfect album for a cozy
All my favorite people are up right now
Huy, yung crush kong construction worker napanood ko na namang sumayaw
Hehe! Welkie!
bunny teeth!! uwu
Checking out!
Editorials we!
PASEITO con los "BEBYS"
Y "MATUTEANDO" con..
DISFRUTAR
That's really sweet and I'm sure just reading stuff like this can make someone's day
sorry. TBH I dont tweet bout so that
Loved every minute thank you all xxx attending Claudiu Gutu - Halloween MasterClass- Zumba Fitness at
Nicki Minaj Tits and Ass Jackpot
Thank you
Thanks
Burco, Togdheer
Congratulations Deepika Wishing you all the success and love and a very happy and prosperous married life!
Vietnam ikonic is uwu I still miss video about kids sing LS in a nursery school
Two happy News
1 Raiiythunnge Nihmmunn
2 DeepVeer confirm their wedding
Alhamudhillah for everything
ayieeeee tyyy gabbbyyyyyy
hi i hope you are having an amazing day, can you follow me? te amo
X138
Congrats our best boy!!!
when I gain all the confidence I will daddy Okieee but remember, my dm's are always open
KIM
tysm love
Thanks. Yeah it was horrible. Im still abit weak and anxious but alot better
Syeon
hi i hope you are having an amazing day, can you follow me? te amo
X139
Oh these two ~
we love kwangmong moments
Sana in the future, accept who you really are and what you really pretend to be here in the internet
once again.
Udu road. Delta state, Nigeria.
Thank you for the concert, last night was magical. I love you all
Me to
I always like to finish work 8 days before Christmas
Thinking about you
Que placer verte otra vez hermosa noche junto a el
Ah glad angel hopefully see you again soon! I miss you already!!Xxxx
hi i hope you are having an amazing day, can you follow me? te amo
X140
La revancha de !!
thanks for supporting them but oh my the evidences they provided today makes me so sick of all the act they had put up
Looking forward too these streams again! Big up the supporters
Takes one to know one stunner, adore you!
And princess.
Day well spent, tnx love!
i hope h and g are doing good I luv em
Sounds like a date
Congratulations and
Time given to a beloved is a most cherished gift indeed.
Reason why u love me
hi i hope you are having an amazing day, can you follow me? te amo
X141
Super !
REMEMBER REMEMBER
THE 21ST OF OCTOBER 2015
ahhh bordel mais regardez nous on est trop choups
Congratulation to both of you
Sorry to say but correction found
and one more with some as a background!
This thread is for you
SHHHHIIIIIPPPP!!! charot HAHAHAHA
Good luck Junnie
this night's view. I love to look at it with you
cute y chang hai anh em
last family day
Energy full charged maaciw
Minha bonequinha linda!
what you
SEOK
LOV U CARRIE
I adore you
happy birthday
Tay has a heart of gold always supporting people when in need
Trop beau !!
Miss you mum
you were the best!
Gone but not forgotten
OMGGGGG and soooooo happy for you too di You deserve all the love and
Ah meu Deus, que fofxs
Higher bro. One love
My mood!! Sorry! I try standing up
And to think I almost ordered one last night. Yoh modimo thank you for my dad
Proud to be a fan of
Oof sorry
a huge thank you to for helping me think of the concept
Our princess.
Honestly could not have asked for a better show tonight thank you for being so amazing
Also your cheering is my treasure
{@ATravelerLove & }
RT
The beauty of dance
Confidence is sexy
Beautifully captured
True_love
Princy
400000
One of my favorite guy living on earth
Nidalee
papixure_ne IG post
I'm so lucky to have you
Update: Thank you to both of my parents who came to gombak to help this poor child May god bless them
.
Thank you mate
Thank you so much for inviting us for MHZ2k18
We are sooo excited for the event now
Thank you
Y SI, El ama a
Valentine
This year you're mine _emmm7!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
JIN
Girl you look great in this avatar
Jen I miss you so much ya know. Feel I seen you in 84 years :(
Te amo sua linda
Home sweet home. Mama je doma in vsi pri mizi.
For you, its been a pleasure
Jesschallengerofficial
Emmy spent the night with us for the first time! Waking up to her cuddling is one of the greatest thing ever
Any JenSoo out there?
Go to and follow for more
be silly babe your amazing! I love you more
"To the protector of my heart, you're my THORACIC CAVITY"
thank youuuu
These changes makin got me ready for whatever God fitna throw at me
thanks for following me back people i hope we can be friends not just mutuals love y'all
thank youuuu
All you need is and a cup of
Thank you babes
You did so great!! Rest and sleep! Ly
Thank you so much for your words and for loving Jisoo. Pls stay and support her for long time
4 years ago today, War of Hormone came one of my favorite and I love it so much
Yes!! Positive vibes only
Totally agree. Heartbreaking and funny too.. So proud to see their journey
Ayy we share the same birthday, happy birthday mate
Superstar therealresham for fatima_salamat_official bridal collection makeup by bablooworld BABLOO salon&studio
Done attending mass. Thank you Papa God.
!
The amount of support already is blowing me away, thanks everyone!
Happy birthday we love you so much. Thanks for everything
You should be back to Portugal as well, we miss you
make him work, cause I love a manly deed, but, when done, I pay him between the - DevinaBurn
hope you have an amazing day, love you
Always Raees
Solji .
i'm starting to love day6
I'll get this one soon
gonna listen to it right now
Happy birthday Have a wonderful birthday your such an inspiration
*virtual boop on his nose*
Be certain that in the religion of Love there are no believers and unbelievers.
Love embraces all
Rumi
3 free tickets to meet me outside venue
Nong is hereeee!!!! Welcome back Nong Yan
Perseverance under fire
And gonna be memorable
Statusbericht:
gefunden!
my icon & header!!
Honestly so grateful to have Ana and Perla in my life, the best of friends I asked for
Thank you so much!
grease
MADRE ALBERT
This weekend was amazing, we would be so glad to see you again! Enjoy your stay in Paris Love you
Ksksks tbm te amo fdp
Natalia as a baby and Ignacio at the hospital tia loves you both very much
When you get a Good morning from you're big brother on WhatsApp . ..what a beautiful pic though awesome. ....
the great sage equal to heaven
Good day to you Michael
Even though going to be so tired tomorrow, glad we got up to hear them together.
Correction! Southend on Sea! Sorry!
I know those little bands. And that pizza shirt
Exciting things happening.
bqt iba impact sakin ng wedding vows nina toni g? still got me everytime
oh hi ily
Stoked to shine with pride for
Most awaiting
Thank you to for this awesome set I love it!
Hey Mickey!
.
good morning!
I love your bio Si bok na yung right man for you hehe
Yas so exciting
Anurag x Prerna
EPISODE - 18
Yeay! Finally happening
its so good to see ur friends even if 5 or 10 mins ramo mag uban!! My heart is happy jud
Come show us some love.
Blessed
Such a perfect reply...
Thank you TikTok for Keeping all Stupid Cringy kids in One Place .. So we can't find them Nowhere else
COMO HACER SUSHI EN PANKO EN CASA / Silvana Cocina
Lol lovely enjoy
Sometimes the longest connections yield very little growth, while the briefest of encounters change everything.
latest IG post:
|
Valentine
This year you're mine 77ATHER!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
He is jealous of me
another day to remember
Thank you
Gorgeous
Can smell them from here you ummin cunt. I wait !!
BIRTHDAY Girl once again happy birthday kimu
THANKYOU STRAY KIDS
Another amazing experience ang nadugang for this year Lord you are indeed awesome made my weekend so much !
I want to request "NAMANANA by LAY to be played on
"We cannot accomplish all that we need to do without working together."
I love this!
So excited
Love
Thank you
Wohooooooo...
Before entering in to BB House
Cari
Siempre en mi
Pronto
Why complain that awake too early when I can use the time to do great things like:
Lounge in bed
Play
Happy Birthday, Carrie Fisher!
As always
-_-
This is why so awesome.
I needed something like this.
thank you!
You made my childhood, GMA. Especially when you made Amaya and Encantadia
Thank you
Just saw on instagram earlier. Nakakapaglaway talagaa
They are like "Hain himmat toh aake lad lo "
These two are ruling the house right now !
Thank you brother
rate mo freedom from 1-10 10
starwars: Our general.
Some beautiful gifs from Sulwhasoo's latest ad.
Ifb
i swear im going to protect you for the rest of my life even if it kills me, i wont let anybody hurt you, baby.
Cari
RT Some blog & biz inspiration at the end of the week!
I loveeeeee the fact that when I get drunk I always have someone taking care of meeeee
I forgive myself
.
.
I know responsible for everything I attract in my life and how I react & perceive
thankyou to everyone who believed in their relationship, who supported them i know these last 6 years hav been
Congrats!!!! hope you had the best day ever!!!!
Wahhhh thank you for the eargasms!!!
PaRit and beautiful smiles this scene was sooooo cute Rithwik Noon became tailor for Palak
Preppy Sundays with my Audrianna! Wearing matthewsph Nicolas flats from the Mom and Me collection! Check them
I had a lot more hair then.
Happy 19th Besis annetut mo I wanna say thankyouu and sorry hahahahaha
Happy birthday dear
3rd highest mountain in the Philippines.
THANK YOU LORD SA NAPAKAGANDANG BUNDOK NA ITO. NGITING KINIKILIG.
Back at it ...missed my ladies
at my best when with you See you soon, sweetheart
I really appreciate my mates enough
Awww it's okay I'm insecure too
D-378
jyheffect
. .cto. .
Napoli
Entonces si
No calendar clashes n be there!!
Parents that believe in ur dreams
please go and say hi to Gisele for us at and
yours are the sweetest eyes ever seen
Soonest make the indie music lovers happyyyy
Thank you so much boo
happy birthday!!!!! hope you have the bestest day
Coffee sesh tomorrow with my
it just Head over busy and body over heated but ok lovely, bit sluggish right now though. Xxx
Please guys Retweet this please thank you
There is he :) Suga fighting
Arre Bass aise hi
Congratulations
Paradise with him at Siargao Island
Promise.
Hello.If you require shoutout in front of largest masses of people for your selling venture. Do not hesitate DM us .
Worldwide handsome I love you!!
Ma fav normal
Oh Halimah (RA) the walk to your she-camel was just SubhanAllah, Oh Bilal (RA) your Azaan was just SubhanAllah
A Video Jukebox titled Featuring 10 Loveable Wedding Tracks including All time
Good day to you Michael
CONGRATULATION TAI TZU YING, YOU DESERVE IT
Need to creampie a woman's pussy
Huhuhuhu bat ako na teary eyed dito??!!
Welcome homeee!
TODAYS TIPS ARE LIVE
9/1 SUPER SUNDAY ACCA
107/1 LONG SHOT
HIT IF YOU ARE ON!!
Download
Sa uulitin mga parps
I can't wait for your new Mixtape my we are all going to love it
Thank you so much, Jen!
Aweeeee thanks ate fem luv u and miss u hehe
Hi Jared, what do you miss the most off playing in ? from Hollandz
1. Name? Let me just say my name is Sofi sjsjsj
2. Birthday: 14th May
12. Weakness: seeing BTS crying, cat, i
Happy birthday to my Sushi
I love you so much
Yes ateeeee
It would be my pleasure to kneel before you!
Let's see if they can beat after school 6 year hiatus
I was like a toddler who had gotten her first ever present. Alhamdulillah Ya Rabb.
I love this community
We have a giveaway over on our Instagram! We are giving away to 3 winners so 3x the chance of winning
I love mom
21.10.18 e che ci mandano i cuoricini
Going to be strange seeing in the opponents colours today
Drop a "" if you Love me.
Drop a "" if you Like me.
Drop a "" if you have Crush on me.
Drop a "" if you Enjoy
I know those little hands! And that pizza shirt I loved this piece of art!
Pretty baby Kookie~ They're obviously prettier than an actual gurl
Happy Julia and Terri Day!
DANKE HAMBURG!
DANKE BERLIN!
so thankful for our
Congrats you both! Made for each other and
Semplicemente UNICI.
Congrats you both. May all the love & blessings be showered on you two
Thanks Mark! Will miss you
Amazing album
I said the same thing when I turned 26 earlier this year. Happy birthday, cutie pie.
Love it!!!!!!
181021 SBS preview
I'm in such a good space mentally. Life feels so good. Incredibly grateful for the gift of life
Good Morning.
Unimas View today
ash, ces will always be my happiness. I will never leave them.
The colours to my shades. United Way Of Baroda
Que Que festa! Que dia!
forever!
Thank you soooo much! It got better
Halloween Ver.
Look at his flamboyant ass. I love him XD
!!!
Best matching day for us aswell
Sana all
craving apam balik kecik tu then my friends willing to buy it if she done her works omg thank you ayu
is confirmed.. 14th and 15th November they are getting married Congratulations to both
I automatically smile when i see ur name.
Huyu dem akinibluetick namwambia thank you for reading my message your highness
Thank you laili. I really need this
TICKETS ON SALE NOW
To coincide with the release of their 6th studio album, are heading to
Act of Kindness
Exactly
Lots of love and blessings best and most good looking couple
pls have tours in malaysia!
Sensational
You're welcome! I really love that song
or
And now you got 1020
21 OCT 2018 //
Baby K got impatient and came out 2 months early. But both bb and mum are healthy wait
dm whenever u want
Know your worth
Lil Red Robyn
I'm still laughing so hard whenever I see that 1 scrobble
Fin
Rao Hydari Stills At Geo Asia Spa Awards
The post Aditi Rao Hydari Stills
Dois
Whom did u hurt?? no one..
Took this pic in Cornwall, most striking rainbow ever seen
Another beautiful day
We can learn a lot from this sweet dog and her humans!
Me too girl
Good luck
Hobiii~ She looks so familiar tho
so sorry for your loss Andie
I swear i need this type of advice. Thankyou syifa
Ahhh I'm so happy that the original lives with me!! I love her so much!!!
I couldn't agree more!!!!
thank youuuu
With the emcee (yours truly) and the DJ (Cess) of Gilbert and Antonette wedding yesterday
Thank you!!
Good Morning Marlene! Hope all is well for you my friend. Have a Blessed day.
24 October
Favorites. Thank you gaiz!!!
Such good advice. been kind of trying to tell myself that ever since doing theater in school.
Morning Sunday
So blessed.
So proud of you Selma Guellouz.
UM AMOR IMENSO POR ESSA FOTINHO AAAAAAAA
Iyoooo deens! Hahaha ipamidbid mo samk especially kay
Grabe yung service ni RAAGAS
Thank you! We hope to have you here with us again soon
-- red looks good on you.
C A P S T O N E TEAM BUILDING
He really really is
Beautiful pic
The best news on the planet!!! Congratulations
Fam
I this thread.
I have never seen you as anything other than damn cute.
U are so pretty love xx
So happy for you.
Deepika and Ranveer getting married on 14th, 15th Nov
Fairytale ending for my favorite two, finally
18 aninhos tuts tuts tem churrasco, tem corinthians e walking dead que dia teremos hj amigossss
[181021] Red Super MCountdown
I wish so much that you could do all these things.
What a cute
Ka inggit kyo mga team Pinas
Follow for more Content!
catgirls_bot
jems_raw_fitness FOLLOWWWWW! Best work out tips and videos
Shoutout to the rusty lake fanbase for being so awesome. I love you guys
Best film ever
Lovely evening dr
me and you one day
i love you hyunjin, you did great tonight. please don't cry again
I love you!
Yw, lots of love
Your support is imperative continue to give her your love
wait to see my babies tomorrow
Selamat kembali ke rantau. Take care gonna miss u
My boo is literally the bestt i love every second i spend with him
Tengo un puto
I really do
Salamat din sa lahat tori miss you also and may i see you soon!!! love u loads hehe :>
I go every Sunday to see my mom mandatory . I miss you so much mom I go and look at your house and think
thanks for the
Thanks boo
Goodbyes are so hard when you love someone so much till next time so thankful I got to see you this weekend
and
I found myself
Short poem for Ricci Paolo Uy Rivero sana mapansin mo to huhuhu
Cofio Aberfan
You deserve every success in the world. I love you, my babies.
Sunday Brunch .
.
.
.
.
Miss my family damn much
take care kiddo
|
Sister is getting married
or still gonna
181021
that's why he's really precious
I am not crying
BON
two coats of essence out of space stories 08 guardians of the unicorn (discontinued 08/2018)
arabia has committed to save peace in
I need you , need you right now
Looking extremely yummy Ash!
is finally happening yayyyyy God bless you both
Congratulations
Surbhi is like "Jab Romil sath ho toh darne ki kya baat hain "
peace be with u
arabia has committed to save peace in
i just want someone to be my sml (refer to name)
some parents are so supportive. this son is an aspiring rapper so she got him booked to perform at the
Happy Hallows eve!
Hoje tem corinthians
Pug and Coffee
I feel the presence of Christmas here in Dasma
Crazy man... Make sure to make some time for yourself too dude
FIRST JOLLIBEE IN THE UK!!!!
Prayers and condolences for family and friends.
Figurati tesoro
That was really nice. Thank you
from weareplanet - Support Our Planet >> weareplanet
.
Tag your friends that eat like this
He deserves all the happiness in the world! I love him so much
Mon bby
Beauty by our definition
Model: kvngoyin
humphreyominisan
Beauty by our definition
Model: kvngoyin
humphreyominisan
By my favorite artist, Zeewi Park. Just click here for more
Off to church wearing my father's shirt.
thank youu remo, i will!! suree taraa
I am so excited congratulations
Happy anniversary to two of the loveliest people
Can your chef ever
No
Masha Allah
easy to be supportive
If you like it DOUBLE TAP
If you love it COMMENT
If you think others will
Congratulation, otw 10 times world champion
Don't worry! I understand you, and it's your art! Your art, your rules So cool, by the way.
Your music is beautiful especially pretty wings. I play it while I'm lying in my bed it rehatches memories.
Mass is done
Thank you so much God
If life is a movie
You are the best part
102118
Hello Guys
Your MCM just dropped the visuals to his single "Otherside".
Click here to watch.
Esa es Ribbon
Very sweet but do hope the pooch stays safe
Canada fand ich vorher schon toll
Wenn's sowas wie Canada mit Sonnenschein ... also da
omggg congratulations, so happy for both of you. God bless.
congratulations bro god bless him
Hi baby.
I didn't want to fall in love w him but here we are
This is the most awesomest hair wizard in south Kent. Maybe the world. Look what she did to my hair
Like my recent if u liked this ( u don't have to )
I can't even express how happy I am for you love.
Valentine
This year you're mine sm_ag_ss!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Que fofo
Happy Sunday fam
When God blesses you bless others too happy Sunday Abeokuta
Trancei
arabia has committed to save peace in
Lots of love and best wishes from me
love u more
I'm dying why u are so cute
A very bountiful Sunday everyone! Let us all be a blessing to other people din! Spread love not hate! GOD BLESS YOU ALWAYS!
Intramuros gaming
Richard Apollonia
to my beautiful adorableliciousdee U Switzerland
baby,
Very hot sexy,
gorgeous,
beautiful &
AAaaaa--------aaahhhh
.
Thank you so much. I love you.
God save You
180929
Specs + denim jacket + Hongseok =
Rainbow
Reminder that my manager will always be the greatest villain in football
ballet(bale) beshiz
Thank you so much
Miss ko na yung condo, yung short hair ko, yung pool, yung MOA, at si Ben yiiiiie
A prestissimo
Some talk to you in their free time and some free their time to talk to you.
Listening to bros gives me goosebumps and the most moving song. I love the meaningfulness behind the lyrics
Hum dono hi bimaar
Get well soon my boy
PS: kitna achha dikhraha hai
Ok sorry.
Stay still and be quiet
Thank you so so so much
thank you bby miss you too
Less than 2 weeks to go
i dont have pic of you but still happy birthday to my beloved pipaahh may Allah bless you and may He ease
My girls
lamiseguenni wit the camera 1st arrondissement of Paris
Thanks Lots of love
Congratulations on your graduation Bachelor of Science Information Record Management graduate
P/s:
this makes my heart so warm
Cause you no dey do me nothing bobo twisted aiswear
Oh I just love this night. Nagrereminsce lang ng mga memories.
Have a safe flight, Em! Germany will miss you
Love to see Elvis at 4am on Sunday morning... first thing I see on Twitter
is the GOAT
25 purrfectly natural reasons to love | 6. Some are simply early risers and NEED a 5am breakfast.
Best part of the Competition.
The community and explorers love it.
Is it abird?
Is it a plane?
No, it's super marc ter stegen
My favorite movie
My fave jade
agree more
Chan is so handsome Sorry for stating the obvious but I can't help it.
my greatest blessing
Wow I believe how lucky I am
Amritha Collage Fans
Tribute To Rebelstar Bday
Creativity
Anna
fattie
My heart
This man has stolen my heart and the heart's of my boys, they love him, respect him and look up to
just thought say, have a good day and i love you guys
Why do we cry harder when someone comforts us? --
I can only give my to the realist
Thanks
You've work hard today too
Thank you
I love you
Members at the Carlisle studio working hard! Cumbria Pole Art. Carlisle Studio.
Eu consegui
Got it this Morning Calming
Happy eve friends
Comment your favourite emoji
. Why, hello
I will dm 2 of the first 30 rts with a account
Goodluck :) (skin accounts)
F/A
U18
are highly appreciated
RT and FAV for Try
S O O N
I am still in great aew being casted to do a TV COMMERCIAL AD for SuperCrunch of PriFood
Thank you
Setting time for yourself is
A year ago, I said yes to the man whom I decided to spend the rest of my life with Happy 1st anniversary my
Minhas
The way you played in the second game was truely unbelievable
Love you Champion
The lost photos of Forrest and Bubba. I love it man, stay safe! Love you brother!
given the choice of being right and being kind always chose
ESSA DE ONTEM MESMO
BOM DIA
a legend
when you come home from a 12 hour shift and have a little man waiting for you
I love youuuu
Happiness overloaded
Hope to see you soon
1 reaction, i will mention 1 people who makes me
I still can't believe I saw Hamilton yesterday with some of my favorite people yesterday So thankful.
MALAYSIA TRENDING
is trending at at the moment after more than an hour
Y estaremos
wavyu2
Posting this because I love Janina's rap yesterday and also vlog squad's support is
All ready for wedding fair The UK Wedding Event in York! come and see us between 10:30 and 3pm!!
I was cheeky and asked to sign my DVD I all his Star Trek characters
I miss you Tatang! You're always on our minds and forever in our hearts.
Honored to perform with such wonderful women tonight ! Thanks
DaddyD
How did I not notice this... Was it deliberate? Such cuties
be deaf use your ears listen
Yeah, I've that one
Panghatag pls
Thank you loveee and hi
Love Czekam !
I love you , my better half
my parents
the kind bus driver who was trying his best
a strong bladder lol
aishaaaaahhhh uwu
Perfecto Glad to help!
RT to vote for
thank you so much bub
Awwweeee i love you
Akala ko di na kami magkikita, but theeeen waaaah!!! It was nice meeting you ate
Her eyes lit up when she saw him
thank you ate sassy!!
My jam till the end of the year,I love this song
We Love you both
thank you thank you thank you for playing Talk Tonight! Perfect Sunday soundtrack
I still can't believe I saw Hamilton with some of my favorite people yesterday So very thankful.
WE LOVE YOU KWEEN
the drop the new id should be like the break, do it please, the break is fucking amazing...
every sec counts.
Road trippin a while ago with planetshakers playlist ft. my ever loving PW team!
It is already stolen
Tu tb
Thanks big boss
I love all your pictures
Valentine
This year you're mine keyseeey!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Buenos
itadakimasu!
Hey,
I miss and love you
Thankyou
Follow everyone who retweets and likes this
Unting minuto na lang
Happy birthday legend
Love you
Congratulations to new jarney
Bon Appetea Dasma with and balen
The New Yorker Hotel and the Empire State Building. There's no mistaking you're in NYC.
not a big deal brother sh*t happens
they will win inn sha Allah
always here
look at this fabulous. I can't believe it's just drawing
Art By :
I remember this
But thanks to syurah fr cmming over blanje makan & she bought me smtg from cotton on untung gila aku
The sleeping beauty
happy birthday, ate
Champions
Lakh lakh vadhaiyaan!! God bless you both!!!!
I miss you so much. Happy birthday princess
in 2007, Kimi-Matias pulled off a miracle and won his first World Championship
Despite
thank youuuu
Love their Hindi version
Actually blessed
I have prayed for and I can only imagine how you must feel
Ah I've really missed you mate really need to meet up soon :) as myself x
Happy Birthday to your beautiful mum
Amen. God bless you
Huhuhuhu and we're always be here for the two of you
Thank you for sharing
Hijrat Colony NA247
Wow, what a brave man.
I hope win, dream guys please I beg you I come to France for seeing you ! Je vous aimes
So sorry to hear that... I hope everything will be okay Lauren!
Story by in
Thank you for sharing
HAPPY BIRTHDAY Hope you have a great day & I also hope that nana is recovering well
zach seriously thank you
Yeah... I hated when he started destroying pictures but then when he kept the one that was secretly taken ...
journey is soo close to my
Thank you soo much for comprising it in a video
THANKYOU TO THE BEANZ THAT SHOWED UP TODAY hopefully we can do a part 2 and get more ppl KEEP
hi kpop fan ka ba hehehe hellooo sad but no :(
Awww I'm so happy for the both of u!!!! Stay inluv u both pls.
How is it
Jessica and her sweet voice~
[181021 JINGSTAGRAM UPDATED]
Omggg hello! I'm a fan too welcome to the club miss a!
Heute gibt's Sushi
Take me back
I love and miss my mamma
The beautiful Conwy Castle at sunset.
.
I liked a video Abraham Hicks Remember how to Call your Source for HelpNo ads during
Out here inspiring thesis topics
So so proud of you baby girl, onwards and upwards
Hai crush i
ugh
Term is officially over!!! I did it!!!
So thankful to all the people who made this term wonderful. see you
Braba
I love you and your dimples Praying for you
Congratulations Hope have a bless life ahead
S t a r t e r C a l l
for a gif starter
to give me access to your DMs for plotting
BEAUTY
Finally..!!
The day it started is the day it will get its forever
Congratulations
Thank you, Alden and Maine. Thank you, AlDub Nation.
aldenrichards02 mainedcm
Maldives
Little kids brings out the best smile on Justin's face
individualism clothing?
To say I'm buzzin for my new phone case would be an understatement! Scotland '82
so happy. Congratulations
Valentine
This year you're mine oath099!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Romil is big fan of Salman Khan as you can see from his bracelet !
It's going to be fine carola, you are strong you can do it
I hope win, dream guys please I beg you I come to France for seeing you ! Je vous aimes
Thanks bb I appreciate it
"What if it doesn't work?"
"Then you'll have something else to write about"
Home gurrll dun went and got slim thick on
De Niro
love you babe hope your day is amazing like you
ready to preorder on the Xbox One when you are!!
I love you so much
Happy Anniversary!!
Saul Leiter en
I know what u mean
listening on the way to Whitby for my birthday day out! Fancy playing some BTS Idol for us? Thankssss SJ & Ru
Cap this beautiful weekend with
Buen domingo mis
Thank you!
Love it
Cheers Ryan ma pal will do big love see ya Friday
Fav Best Wishes
e - Lolly ink sucks off a big cock
Christening 10.06.18 St. Michael the Archangel Parish, Fort Bonifacio, Taguig City
Uwww mommy
Latest Stunning Photoshoot Pics of
good luck and have fun!
I love you. We will, one day
went to Church today
why do girls keep having periods when they hate them? Just stop having them, do what makes you happy :)
Homecoming means coming home to what is in your heart
My mom made her first bouquet at work, look how pretty it is
TOUR
love your seryes sm!!
thank u jeyzie!!!! see u around ab
Liverpool
my favorite photographer in ethiopia
No other words to describe this stuff other than..... AMAZING!!
Mine is golden
Bus bus thank you baby girl
miss you
oh yeah baby I get that and I totally totally understand what that must feel like. Go into when you feel like and slow
ANYTIME!! HAVE THE BEST TIME
feeling is beautiful after in see my friend
Happy Birthday to Mr best dressed have an amazing one fam
I want you all for myself
thankful & blessed
/ |
/ /
/
/_/
Used to stay up all night he and I
Oh my! This was my favorite part last night. I can't explain how great her voice is! Thank you!!!
This is so cute
thank you
This is so cute
Idk about good but I love art
actually proud of my ability to my mentality most of
I want to lay down by the fire with you
(get_repost)
SG x JR
W1'S FAKE MAKNAE
And princess.
Grazie bea.
More like you looking yum hope the doughnuts tasted nice
Match day
Forza Milan
Eat In Style - Jeongyeon (pt.3)
Nom..nom..nom
For once in 17 years, truly happy skl
Good for you! Karma dictates that someone will return the favour one day
20cm exo bts doll romperfor:don't include shipfee,ship from china to all countries
Ill give you later with special kit
Madrid and love
Bubbles! There's a thought Have a bubbly
A year ago I was at my first Teen Wolf convention ever. I miss them too much I can't wait to see them all again
They are really beautiful
Best friends make Best couple
That madness two people have in common can make their love
Saw one of my favorite bands with one of my favorite people
Pa, Thank You For Everything!
Such a heart warming film
Me to especially Yoon Jeonghan :")
I'd miss you both aswell x
Amo Rino Gaetano
Online on !!
Nickname : Lecsy
happy and blessed heart
awee thank you ate
jghome blessed, tyL
thank you boyprennn
Heart you po
Thank you
Hourly Jonathan
We are already 4,522 manfredites on our Telegram Channel. Thanks for all your !!!
Hi, Netflix
Daniel is coming for the double kill
I dont want get out of my grave now
Glad to hear it Jinnie :") Safe flight back and get some rest Thank you for all the hard work!
sen
Bohot matlab bohot emotional honge starting ke 15 episodes bohot royegi tu BEST SHOW EVER
Thanks a ton Jeiel! I hope you like the tool :)
And thanks for the kind retweet as well
A huge Happy Birthday to all of our mamas, the beautiful
You are a wonderful, strong and kind
21 Days to go!!
3 WEEKS TO GO MY HEART CANNOT TAKE THIS ANYMORE
hope you're okay
29 and I want to stop the time Thank you all for your birthday greetings! Singapore
Olushhhh thank you boo
please retweet, Sunday
HAPPY SUNDAY
To all my beautiful Trans Women
To all my Vegan friends
Tots on ian rimorin? Lab ko yon , very strong person
aish i love you fam
anywhere, as long as im with u. im happy.
status: improving, di lang sa acads! at the same time sa life din!
hello honey
My man is everything
Missing sunny days so much !
Che cuore grande
thankyou fo this GA!
seeyou po sa d-day
i just want to say you bring faith and inspiration to your fans and me so i thank you for that
Hiichan today
His earrings are so beautiful I want one too but its already sold out and I don't think they ship
from that I to this
My best defender of all time
ohhhh nemanja ohhh
He comes from Serbia fucking murder ya
Ayeeehayeee koi too rok loo combination of hotness and cuteness janleva
Love you both
day well spent
Thank you ate i miss you too!!! See you tom hehehe
im happy with you.
No mama ka Champagne... even on twitter you owe us a pic... we not in insta! Congratulations on this milestone
Ahhhhh mendez thank you for the prayers and well wishes frens! Alabyu so much
thank you
RANVERRR
Congrats
My captain
I love you so much
A sneaky trip to Walkabout Creek & first pub feed
Awww thank you me too
Kayla Gomillion these would be cute on you
is no light switch to domesticate the
JIMIN IS TRENDING WORLDWIDE
Que cosa tan satisfactoriamente hermosa
I neeeeed me a you fr
Always here, Nica
bona 14 rosie 15 my women right after each other wow
I love my family! Thankful for time together last night!
Respect ! Congrats
Me too and i love u
Just a text from you makes my day
Bed se dosti phOne se pyaar
Kuch Esa Hai Mera Itwaar
Esta amistad es tan bonita
So is a closet homo!
Hi I'm Renae (SleepyKoi) and I love to draw and paint
Khalid knows exactly how to touch my heart.
the greatest showman (2017)
one ever made a difference by being like everyone
You made me like that movie, and I was glad I did
Worldwide Handsome
Happy graduation, girlfriend
My cake for todayyyyy
Beautiful Artworks
Check It Out:
My third godchild turns 2 tomorrow. May God bless him and his parents and sister!
Milena
When DESTINY insists on you being together forever, LOVE turns into a BLESSING.
Thank you for your patience:
Just trying to cross to you
Market Cap: $211,419,574,099
BTC Dominance: 53.66%
BTC: $6545.17560981
ETH: 0.03185297 BTC
XRP:
Halooo Kak Chims lucuuuu ku !
Sending love to everyone who needs it and to those who think they Goodnight
Very cute~
Silly Sundays with Friends
Aposor G I hope you check ya Dm
We this idea!
I love him as well
hallo me Sweet Sweet ilove fach James &James &James ilove pussy Sweet
Plz follow me
We adore you too
happy 21st ma boy hope you had the best night ever, love you millions xxx
This fangirl is going home with a happy heart
hi jowa!
I Poland. You are a great people.
Life followed me..
elected as the secretary of rajalians club
wish we could see more of these two combination again!
First picture
"One - one person I wouldn't mind being paired with."
More power to you.
Just made it, hope you can see ours boys one day !
Make For make ?
BTS in Paris (priority)
Ahah eh mercee
Do watch today at 6.30pm in
waitinggg to see you darlinggg!!!
I forgot to open this last week because of my busy schedule.
Again, thank you very much
Thank you!
And how grateful I am to everyone on here who offered their help and kindness at the time
Its getting a lil cold lately, perhaps we can help warm each other up eh?
Bom dia
Parents
When a child tells you that they don't feel comfortable around someone, pay attention
Highlights of an unforgettable weekend! So worth flying all the way from Miami for this. Thank you
I got the job!! to new beginnings
:D
Elastic Crew
Jin u r my reason to live khamsamnida
Sangue do meu sangue
Happy birthday Love N miss you loads Can finally go clubbing together legally now hope u
Luvyuuu! Stay healthy
Thank you!!! I love your page
|
Panda Paradise!!!
get the chance to meet
De Las Madres!
Aw, thanks girll!! Definitely must be from Kanokupolu ahah
Awwww thanks kak ayu!!! the next time we meet, i will print one for you
RT doraehan: 2pm junho and jyp are here!!!
BASE
boys are cute and making me crazy
Happy birthday beautiful anwari
Ive always fucking loved the name kamar and you made me appreciate even more aww thank you
Happy Birthday!!! Many more years and answered prayers, keep being beautiful
Fback
Vote Fast Thalapathy Fans
let anyone take advantage of us. Do what you have to
Cinderella all ready for the Disney Fundraising Ball last night. she stunning!
Vegan makeup win
Allah is always there for you
Evening view from MICET
Valentine
This year you're mine minkaya_twt!
And you, whom will be yours?
I wish I can tell you how much you mean to me
thank ya self & Melissa
Follow me and all who likes and retweets
I follow back everyone and all retweets
It's time for us to realise the value of love because that is what really matters ( RIP
Morning thank u
Just another reason to go!! keep you updated, babe!
| 0-1 | vs
|
ES MI AMOR.. TE QUIERO MUCHO MUAK
Obrigada
They been hurt & learnt along the way like you Beauty & others get hurt & make the same mistakes
GAME
Always on fire in her customizable intimates
8lbs 9 oz and 21 inches
Nba oyuncusu pembe
This still has me creasing
first win Thanks God
My lvsss.
I bet the vamps
I miss you so much, thank you
pra
Jarang2 bisa ketemu
Tonari no Kyuuketsuki-san
PERFECTO! te apunto Gracias por ayudar!
I live everyone who is a Patriot and you are a Patriot and a hero! Keep doing what you're doing! I you!
God I Love This Man So much
you deserve everything because you're all good students. thank you!!!
I honestly nvr thought u again after everything but I do. All of a sudden it came back out of nowhere. One
He is, a beautiful kid he set up a go fund me last Christmas for a local charity too.
Keep doing it bro
I talk mad shit because you can hack it but am proud of where you've been and where you are now man
I didn't do any of my assignments today BUT it was so worth it. Today was just amazing
:3 va aller t'en fais pas
Do watch today at 6.30pm in
waitinggg to see you darlinggg!!!
comeback iz real mga mamsh, w8 4 it !!
i'm sooooo happy for you kuya ily yieee
Fun was had this day, I love my sister so much
Ave singafani
my girl is so fckn beautiful
I love these photos. Thanks for sharing them each week!
Theo made my day, everyday
Just love one another , I love you
Matsuoka cheering for Yuzu in Sochi
I am inlove with SKAM
Hehe thank you i'll sketch some things i think !
THIS IS MY SONG YALL
A things work together for the good...akere
Ok hun I'm on the case
The album is amazing.....these are just a few of my faves!! So proud of you boys
Happy 16th to my grumpy teenage daughter. Love you with all my heart have a great day
White gold
Awesome! We have a friend in TX who rehabilitates dogs.
<iframe src="
President
"be better than your best" ugh that's why i love coach o
You are also wonderful and lovely and beautiful
AGOY!!!
wait for the vlogs!
I Rondo more
Te apunto
Shame is out now on &
I Amy
tu es trop belle
Mdddr jsavais pas ouloulouh pour toi chocolat chaud qd tu viendras la maison
I'm sure it'll be romantic number
My baby, I hope you're well, ily
Merciiiiii, Thaaaank you, Mwakooooze, Asaaaante! Thank you for the love, I really had a great time!
u have to be better than your best
- coach Oliver
Blocked and reported
21/October a sweet day , never a forget
happy anniversary cuties
Omggg senpai noticed me.
You were and always will be my favourite player
Fnatic at it's best Well played to
Happy belated birthday baby
Those 10 digits arnt my life line anymore
Thanks beautiful
Manuella Gabrielly
Sophia
Alice
Pedro
Yan Gabryell
04/02/2016
I know what I would do with out you your my biggest blessing
I believe so, because people have reasons for making some choices in life. The world is full of judgemental people.
Sorry bruh pero gi bawi ni nako kay they will be my friends forever
And cheers, love u
for my special people
Thank you for organizing this beautiful jeonghan's birthday event Cupsleeve and
FUSSBALL GOTT FC
Like "The More I Love You". I fell for it! The rock vibe is killing me
Hehehe cinta
how spent the last three days, but thinking that means set for the year now.
to you
It was on the tl love
U the best miss u
This is truly beautiful
congratulations boo, anything for your happiness. so happy to see that happy and going to be a bride soon
We won best editing, best cinematography and BEST FILM at Team Dropshack gone did good
Well
THANK YOU LORD TALAGA
'Detractors' are like Trump surrogates. No matter what their 'side' says, it gets a . How nice. This, of
Unseen gallery
Ahmad Shahzad with fans
Motivational but in all seriousness its ok to fail i failed so many times but still got into my dream school
Bda dil
Vrna majority celebrity gupchup shadi kr.lete hain
ATTENTION
Kung sino po familiar sa Sitio Bonbon, Brgy Ugong, please DM me. Your kindness will be highly appreciated
And now im here again. I miss this. City lights and everything
:"(
I don't really know why but out of all ships in is my favorite ever , even in this world full
Wow
I want to start some new debt contracts today step through the looking glass into wonderland with me.
Dying to see ur photos!!!
love this!
thankyou!!
I love Meghan in trainers her and Harry look so happy and relaxed.
Always gorgeous
hello po! u look pretty po lalo na pag naka smile be happy always. study well. God bless!!!
what kind of songs u want?? some fave songs?? hi, irish: ) dami eh :( depende sa mood? hehe hello!!
yiieee kilig aq
I honestly nvr thought u again after everything but I do. All of a sudden it came back out of nowhere. One
ig
Thanks so much to all who came last night!! MORE PICS COMING SOON. Thanks Michael Wittig for this image.
fofoosss
I miss you two everyday, it's different
Mum and Dad, you'll always be in my heart, I love and miss you
HIS HAPPINESS IS ALL THAT MATTERSS
~~
Hahaha i think thats one of his power. To get the attention of anyone
Thanks
My fav bt21 character is cooky and my favorite bts lyrics is 'Save me, Save me, I need your love before i fall fall'
Now watching Full Metal Jacket. One of my favourites of all time.
Day well spent
try and fill us with your hate and we will shine a light, and the days will become endless and never turn to night
West Lake is a freshwater lake in Hangzhou, China.
Ice bearrr!
I FOUND A LOVE..
Thank you. I shall think of a request.
ASDFGHJKL HE'S SO MUCH HAPPY
it's not old to send someone an email
All about going independent
A child is the anchor of a life.
(c) Trish Kho
just watched xfactor. is amazing enough said
What happened dm me x
My heart walks around on the outside. So blessed.
Darling first of all i want you to know that im so lucky to have you in my life and thankyousomuch for
Congrats to both of u & hapoy for u
I'm so happy for you - you deserve a lovely boy
21
support the farmers
Congrats on the full season pick up of my favorite new TV show as I the awesome cast! I
That's totally okay
Thank you for this Shanoooo
Bless u
WE WANT A VIDEO YOO KIHYUN!
COME ON!!!!
Imagining Deepu walking to the mandap with Kabira in the bg
YIEEHH WELCOME BACK NINAY
You both made my day
You are the Lord who captures my heart.
Thankyou
Okay so maybe I did just binge watch all of the mind of Jake Paul until 4 am whoops Great series though
celebrating friendship
Our SFC blood old id got suspended
Do follow his new id
Trust we love and suppurt you
its a "nearly going rogue" sign
Lutyens in Spain
thank you for the amazing support
A las 16:00 le damos Directo de PUBG!
good morning Em! Happy Sunday!
201018
[#Lua] Voyons nous Ki-Lings
Surround yourself with good people
Please meet Cat!!! She deserves it so much
Spain
Celta de Vigo B v Real Madrid B
Over 1.5 Match Goals
Family
(missing dad)
P.S.
Ev hali
Thank you Lord for your words.
Have a Blessed Sunday po sa lahat!
feeling blessed
almost a month apart...
abot naman pala.
Vitamin sea
And the best fandom goes to..
ALDUB NATION
Wishing you both a very happy married life
Je t'aime
A
So sorry you had to go through all this by people you should have been able to trust I was
our baby elsa
Blessed
Thank you soooooooooooooooo much
Valentine
This year you're mine seulgishlo!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Thank you mery
one of our favourite Odin Quotes
awww, you too arri. i love you too
Viens avec moi alors
hi soul sis, miss yah so much!
Lord, thank you for another blessing!
thank you for bringing
How I miss my baldie
ADN Homecoming 2018 Maine igs
they will .. I am shipping deepveer since Ramleela days ! But after them the only Jodi Infact only itv Jodi I ship is
I LOVE YOU KIM SEOKJIN
Feel like ..
Good to know please rest well worldwide handsome
Cheers mate
Even they are not fancy and colorful like Lintus Exos I still love my boys
Actually I love the game but the training are a little bit confusing. I still had to though
My one and only
It was gorgeous
Looking forward to seeing you there!!! (you might be there before me
Have an amazing time away to two zx you two proper deserve it :) xx love you both
remember when he sang to me this?
I'm in love.
West Lake is a freshwater lake in Hangzhou, China
Valentine
This year you're mine Ran__1218!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
8.2lbs 21in
Private beach with mine
This birthday I have well and truly Been spoilt Scottland next weekend , Manchester tonight
my love made my day and made it beautiful,it is not present but you are here in my heart everywhere I belong
... It's never too soon!
(get_repost)
B O O K W O R M S - loving
Spoons lunch OH GO ON THEN
Love for
Share This Verse -
I liked a video Caspian and Everleigh's First Valentine Date!! | Slyfox Family
Sabriner
so romantic
I cant believe my favs are actually getting married like this is goals
Lots of love to both my babies
i am so damn proud of my babies
Home
Ay nako max, you never fail to cheer me up. How did I ever deserve you huhu luvv u
Been thinking about this tweet since I woke up. What heart warming words. Thanks again and again, dude
Mababait kong kaibigan..
We made this for your birthday! (The rest of the video is down below the first one)
So i guess this is our new chapter
Happy Birthday Viru, can't tell you how much i loved your batting
Yesterday was one of those days that makes your happy. Started off with a community event in downtown Saco, to
You did a good job noona . LEGGO always love and support you
yess!
I pied-a-terre
I love you
aweee thanks lovelove
Happiest birthday AF
Just my problems with self esteem it's ok Thank you for asking
Beauty lies in the eye of the beholder.
Te amo con mi vida entera Victoria K
I'm proud of you too Be strong ok?
you are incredibly beautifull and that's the least INTERESTING thing about you shivi......
Hi ..
Best wishes to
Lovelyy pair..
freaking love your new single extremely obsessed with it
Pagod din mom. Tapos na finals ko! Yayy! Aww, you want coffee mamsi? Or juice?
Had to share this
Follow:
Follow:
_____________________
Double tap if you like
Seokjin um iti malia
I'm looking forward to the future and what it holds for me. It'll all be worth it.
thank u
You got me bro
x 1 = 2 answers ;;
and RT
No a1 weekend for me but all good w
Baru boleh post ,
Most women are not you. Should own that shit. You one of a kind bby gurl
blessed with the best
Thank you babe
she got her own thing , why i love her
I love your art style ;w; !
naraid66
pvkzmqmlbntm
I'll always love you
Send love peeps
My princess deserves the world and one day I will be able to give it to her
My fave
Oddbods Cartoon Full Episode 2017 45 Oddbods English Compilation Episodes For Children via
+100 crushes
Binge watching VS Fashion shows
This is random: But, I'm still waiting for the day SinB and Krystal finally meet! Like, seriously SinB is such a fan girl
Moira dela torre is the sweetest female musician for me also, cute.
Wow.... The King is actually really amazing & gorgeous
This peruzzi sha I just love him and want to hang out with him . His voice is everything
Que amor puro! de emocionar...
Valentine
This year you're mine effect_invalida!
And you, whom will be yours?
Admit it or Not But Hijjab is Still the Most Beautiful thing a girl can wear
Now Watching Haunting of Hill on Netflix. This is genuinely haunting. Its a must watch!
All blacked out in AW18 patchwork bits around Tokyo
.
.
by
.
.
Believe in this moment
Herbst ist eine so tolle und bunte Jahreszeit
unplanned date w/ luvs
Genre? Sexy
ALAA COMEL JE PELAT BACA AL FATIHAH BUTTT THIS BOYS SO CUTEE
I love the title
Up early !!!! Get to officially be a godmommy today
Well done james well deserved
Nami to be honest. God had a plan
My new favorite fansite
I even begin to explain
My favorite EXO song is Hurt
I have so much of you in my heart
Tara manonood ng burn the stage
not even talk to much..where is Rihanna
Just discovered Afrotrap is toooootally my vibe. Merci
Congratulations both of you!! I'm surprised but happy
I will send you mine in November Emma
Happy Birthday to my favourite Andrew Scott!
Still hearbroken I meet him at WCC next week, but I
Yay, congrats ate!
are finally getting married and I'm so happy for them
Deepika deserves a guy who loves her like
bbyddy love youuu sm
Amo ouvir Sam Smith
The sun shone on the River Avon and and I had fun
Sorry for your loss
Happy Birthday to this legend. Miss you Carrie. You definitely made our world a more interesting place.
set 1 creamline!!
Nothing but respect for my king
(22)
WEAKNESS : PINK HAIR SEUNGHYUB
.
PHOTO CREDITS TO
Awww welcome bebe may nagsuplada po ba sa inyo? Dm mo sakin bebe if ever
thank you for the amazing support
opo thankyou so much!
boss baby season 2 hehehe
awww my cat is he same, so so soft
so happy for you healing, doc. You look so healthy & I wish you happiness too
Watched First Love with Mama. Hehehehe I love this bonding time with her
be on the lookout for Soof by I think this story of finding the meaning of
,,
there's no greater love than Yours
This is not a smalanyana gift stunning. Hope your exams go well babe. O rapele
Lamon paaaa
Imagine me As a Bf ???
so adorable and such an awesome drawing
wow bevwe lorine kinilig aku
Thank you Lord
omggggg i'm excited alreadyyyyy i'm a fan of your works
Pq eu to apaixonada
Merci bcp strongman
today all skz members looks so soft
i wanna hug them so bad
Happy Birthday Pipe!!!! We love you
Flicking through my photos and find ones of this monkey I forgot we took. I love you Hazel Rose
Thats why I love twitter!
Baby phat
If you're not about Black and Brown solidarity you're not living your best life, sis.
Families are the of America
Thank you
I Dil You too
Happy birthday you world x
thank you for the amazing support
Thank you
2/8 best day
Go ateneooooo
Go creamline
Hirap pag parehas mong gusto yung team hahaha
Blessed Evening. Thank you Lord!!
The tour was excelent
Will eagerly wait for your video.
"laisse moi t'aimer" Amour Baby RT
Nini is my happy pill
RM saying that he likes metaphors, HE'S SO CUTE
Wherever life plants you, bloom with grace
ehe yiieeee
These messages are so unexpected. Kaya itwetweet ko to. Huhuhuhu
Thank you for making my day extra special
im proud of you too, thats a lot
Love this Game. Battle of ate's and rookies from atenista! Go Ateneo! Go Creamline! Watching from Aklan!
i don't blame people for how they are with a certain person cus all you wanna do is protect them. so i ain't mad at ya
Thank you for this, dear one.
im soooooo inlove with this kid!
Thank you so much for listening to my story
Describe mo self mo bobo, broke, untalented, worthless, pwede nyo ako kausapin, love ko guitar and piano ko
Why You Should Skip Your at Least Wait a Year
Congratulations
happy and contented
I hope day is filled with
This is amazing. I aspire.
Atleast you guys date the people you cheat with.
Im always grateful to come home every night after a long day of work to my boys.
Deepika Padukone you beauty
Thanks for making our day
Dear sweet Luc, my faithful companion, devoted & loving
Gentle, kind spirit
I will miss you forever
R.I.P.
HUDYO SQUAD
YES TOLONG LA, WELCOME TO THE CLUB
The Coral - She's a Runaway
Tweeting this song for the millionth time but I don't care
IT IS LUSH
Hinata
I miss you millssss trust me you need me to teach you ! be grand
TE AMOOOOOOOO
no more only
Je t'aime trooop
You heard me bitch.
Finally, 11:11 on Day-2 Taeyeon concert
Congrats your debut
Queen Ahed.
Sleeps is
I miss you too ate omg ur so sweeeeet.
So much respect for you. And even if you did it ain't nobody's business.
Aww akhirannya aku menyanyii XD ehehehehe
Okayy tambahannya adalah.... Hehehe Bon Byy !
Thank you very much!
Fuck yeah bb. You n me vs. the world
The Colosseum or Coliseum, an oval amphitheater in the centre of the city of Rome, Italy .
Built of
Congratulations Best wishes
Wonderful Magnificent God
Everything
dnia
Mao mati gak lo, cakep gini tapi bobroknya sampai pluto
Tony Martial
Jackson introduced me to GOT7
IM BORED AF
credz aj
Exciting
thank youu and iloveyoumoreee
Morning guasiamor
I want to as well baby girl
Agora sim, bom djeea
Can you invent 'My Mattress' now? Please I love
Glad here
I Andrew GILLUM!!!!
I love this this song 'Don't come back'
Quelle est jolie la Suisse!
hehe see you around okie
joyeux anniversaire mon ptit chat
Happy Birthday Galydem Stay Blessed
Taggata da
Fantastic
Valentine
This year you're mine mrs_shazam!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
I love you
llif! Wow!
The saw, with
excited na ako, excited bumagsak
Oh I love this
Thanks for all your Hard work, you really deserve all the love in this world. Thank you Han
Happy Sunday ! Have a good week my loves !
Namjin culture, sharing RJ and Koya
of love to the people of Davao city, amazing idc what other people say
merece
~21/10/56~
Happy Birthday to our princess, general and our QUEEN. We love and miss you so much
All the best for you
Let me introduce you to my life essentials these two were the main reason why I dare to change my career from
/
Haha.. Cute
Your expression
/
Don't be scared to dm me.
I don't bite
uwu E
Thank you Mother
It is my turn to give thanks.
thaly sensacional
His post-coital face tho
AAGHHH ANG CUTE NIYO :(( and btw i admire those people too!! and i admire the two of you :)
Proud of you
Muitoooo OBRIGADAAAA amo vcs
surrounded by the best
Happy 1 year & 10 months bebe
Love & togetherness; that make us strong.
Yay!
Music is good for your Washington, Pennsylvania
i forgot that i was stressed for a couple of hours bc of u guys huhu
Stunner..
MuH - thesejalwayforever, lalitapagariya, thestyleplanner. co
Outfit - Saloni
Love
Another collaborative day of learning. the dedication and passion to move science education to the
Di makatarungan ang freshness, Maia.
It was so nice to meet you earlier!
Love Guerilleros goes Jailbreak
Thats why I love twitter!
OKAY THEN UWU URE STILL CUTe tho
Good for you Stacey Ann.
GOT7
Sorry to hear that my condolences.
This
miss out on new posts on my main account follow me at itskpax itskpax itskpax
I love you
Our kind of Sundate nakahiusa after simba..
feeling thankful
UTT
i wanna go back when i call u mine all the time every smile and every moment .. If only i have a time machine
Happy Sunday Twitter
I
PARA NO QUERERTE
Muchas gracias bonita
Cutiieeeeee.
I am His anointed
Seoul i'm coming!!!!!
Wait for me South Korea
Car selfies are driving us into the weekend (34 Photos)
You are literally my hero.. I aspire to complete the triple soon.. super well done
Small Hug Of BeHir
The good old days
The fight is over
This band does the most beautiful things I swear
Johnny Cash
Merci
Forever bagay.
Love this Thank you for sharing xxx
Thankyouu!!
Someday
Mr. Engineer Ms. Nurse
Aww para kay beebo
Even your eyes is smiling lurv.
Sugarol by Maris Racal
Te Amo
FinaallyyyCongratulations Deepi&RanveerLots of love May Allah bless you
Football is my love Little Lion Adventures
finally!!!
Best of luck, waiting for your return, want to see you in the field
im sorry i cant be the greatst friend for u but thank you so much, i love u too
Your legacy is our heritage.
Techno !
Excited for TWTF!!!
wow just saw you on TV! let win!!! Thank you!
Thankyou for coming !
listening to trap songs w/ u
The Social Prefect . Yep that's me; I deserve some accolades .
Travel is life mehn socialprefecttours .
.
I finally found you, ate Ishi Ay missing pala ako??
deserves all the love! are amazing! Tussi har baat dil jeet jaate ho
follback?? maacih
/
I like every song that you sing ~
/
TOTS ABOUT BEA HANNA NICOLE EZI MAXINE one of the gangs i love so muchhhhhh
pour le fameux Ludoversaire
Amazing Brilliant Wonderful Dad
An empty big space
Happy birthday sweetie
*giggles* That's so sweet of you!
Um.. I'll be 20.
happy birthday babes. Enjoy your day xxx
Happy Birthday my Friend
ciaccions
Totally agreed !
Cute.
stars can't shine without darkness
but you can shine everywhere
Northern air
the original kickass princess
The only place to go is up!
Thankyou most kindly :)
This was a amazing tour I had a lot of fun in Berlin Thank you
Freshness overload dahil super blessed ang mga momsh!!!
Cr. LEGEND
All my bolly faves getting engaged or married!
Muchas Graciasssss
Jimin has the COMFIEST yet CLASSIEST CASUAL fashion. I knw dem 3 dun come together but Jimin somehow pulls dem all off simultaneously
2019 S/S SEOUL FASHION WEEK - S/S SHOW
!!
!!
20.10.18
I'm glad you found out give your self time to heal I'm really sorry hey
I have given Christ countless reasons not to love me , none of them changed His mind
181021
Keep strong! I am sorry for what the boomers have done to Y and X you are our hope
had a great time with you, thank you cheers to more food date with youu
i love you from the bottom of my heart (glad u could see it)
Like you asked for us yesterday, voting for your boys
They chose the "Ram-leela" release date. oh my goodness
We love it when you share your pictures of your visits online! Thank you for sharing this fab
Lalisa inspired bangs may inner blink is leaking! Tried to put eyeliner and cut my bangs short again.
starts tomorrow! Newcastle... we will be setting up in the morning! Where should we head after Newcastle?!
Thank you, keep fighting!
Grilled chicken breast|potato|brocolli|shitakemushroom in honey mustard jalepeno sauce. For HIm
Nice to see Reciting Naat sharif live ..
Mashallah May Allah bless you
My best wishes for you
Stay happy Ahmed Bhai
You are perfect to me, baby. Please change i love you
"I believe I'll be over you" - Taeyeon, 11:11
This song is one of my remedy for my broken heart.
Thank you, Taengoo
Your first chat "Hi :)" January 29, 2016
soo lucky!!!! Have fun
HELP RT!!
i got RT deals with Please RT this tweet! I really need your RT:)
Flannel season
Thank you mamshie, happiness for the both of us
Congratulations on your little sister . May Allah ease your future endeavours. InsyaAllah. Love ya !
I went on a beautiful morning 5 miler yesterday! Stunning views!! Sunny Devon
Niece
Our only choice
Lucasss
cheer up!!!
Barcelona
Congratulations your reached in twitter
Wow . actually very happy that I go out this weekend
8lbs 2oz 22in
Started watching attack on Titan and wow this anime has no build up their training lasted 3 episodes.
Content I like.
I badly wanted to hold your hand. Hug you tight. I love you.
Its Ranveer who made believe Deepika that true love do exist
And now they are getting married. What can be
Off to see wait
Shoutout for the Earl tweet session. For the love. And for keeping my head above the water all the way from the East coast.
Have a beautiful Sunday
This Is beautiful. He definitely wears his heart on his sleeve
My hearttttt I LOVE U
This is a reason I keep lots of things to myself.. I don't want to be misunderstood or judged. You'd be fine baby girl
cheer up!! still here for salamat!!
Self-Confidence is the best outfit.
Rock it and Own it
Nothing better than your friends smiling because of you
The fact Lauren is coming to see me tomorrow makes me so happy
Love this so much!
See tomorrow
Stand out from the crowd with these bow bobbles! These are too cute not to make! Discover more
Happy Sunday Martin
Damn right
This is the reason why I Shownu
Another family dinner
Krystal~ Great work!
So happy for you Tita. LQ are really the nicest no? We made the right choice.
Thankyou for coming !
Hey hey, I understand there's alot of 'me' already. But here I am in an attempt to look for my members and fellas
on New whatsapp status New Love Status Video|Romantic Video |FBR Creation|
Such a Cutie
Via IG Story!
SA NGALAN NG PAG-IBIG
Devastated,,, have the best time to whoever is going
MIss U guys
It's my birthday
That's a good list with filled with good people
This is beautiful what doing for your friend and this organization!
Congratulations to the fav
I'm so glad you're not doing that nonsense
happy birthday, charlie!! i love u
181021
Preview.
What book is that from?
For what are you thanking me? Thank you! I will tell them your answer.
Valentine
This year you're mine IBeastyI!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
When the days are warmer in Rotorua than in Auckland
(But the nights are cooler ) Please swipe right for a
OMG LOOK WHO'S HERE
HELLO HELLO
Feeling grateful for all you have given me even when I am least qualified. It's all you Jesus
Te como
Congratulations to all three of you mate
Duvet day , how to be single and dominos, I love
Last stop in Civitavecchia 10 days and coming back to your Philadelphia!!!
.
.
.
When the days are warmer in Rotorua than in Auckland
(But the nights are cooler ) Please swipe right for a
So so so happy for you guys stay blessed and wishing you the happiest marriage
When the days are warmer in Rotorua than in Auckland
(But the nights are cooler ) Please swipe right for a
Blessed Anniversary Day ... Nothing More To Ask
hi noe, thank u gbut!!
super blessed and solid ng sunday ko
You all make us proud!
forget your wingman this weekend
Protect him
starts from the front of the Silver Arrows
Kindness never goes out of fashion.
Rapeadora profesional , empezando con nivelazo
Though we're far apart
You're always in my heart
For you are not alone...
Hey hun contact
Took me time to believe that the announcement finally happened You both deserve all the love
Had a Great Night At My Aunty Ann 60th Catching Up With Family Is Always The Best GoodTimes With Good People Pic To Follow xxx
Her zamannnn
Come hangout with me > on
Beste vriend
Merci
Insta update:
About time guys says ( just like the rest of us )
My Bff Love my Queen
Feeling positive today trying sucks
Good morning
follow up Happy Sunday
I just love this pair
Cimer
Too funny! Love these guys!
m a k a s i h y a
What a journey it has been for these
LOVE U both!!! Share photos and videos
I realllyyyyy hope i see him in the teasers too , let's stay positive
I love you and I'm sorry if I ever made u upset you're too precious to be hurt
Ohhhh cimer le s
49. Simple by Jihoon
5 cartons of apple juice should do it
I WHEN A HATERS * NOT * FROM TEXAS WANTS TO BRING UP THE PAST!!
the third
Da hast Du recht! Merci
I love you so so I can't describe how much it is
it's a tough time to be an lck fan, but kudos to all the teams and the players! let's get the cup next year wooo fighting!!
good luck everyone
Have fun
Happy birthday my sweetnest and beauty mom God always bless you, stay healthy and hope your day
We stand with you Aberfan, always.
you a few days ago: Davao is shit
HAHAHAHAHA ily ethan take care always pangit
Lovely pic
Hello. Sorry for disturb. But could you check your direct message please.
cant wait for tomorrow!!
Dalton is my favourite to win, has been since his first audition
A thoughtful father the bar is high
Who wants to sponsor four index (a-z) notebooks for the Mistress Workshop ladies?
You can even ADD your
thanksss
RT cutestar_n: Totally, completely, deeply & madly in love with your soul..
Thank you soo much! Literally needed to hear that from now on give the same energy I
Good Morning my dudes!! Hope you all have an amazing Sunday
Guess What?
who is ur happy pill?
No one in this world compares to you... I love you today, tomorrow an always.. + = soulmates
Es tan bello Martin
Okay ^^ just let me know if you're going
from -
Hottieee in
Love this!!
Rafa and I created the most beautiful little thing he is by far the most AMAZING daddy. So helpful, so kind,
Hello. Sorry for disturb. But could you check your direct message please.
Great weekend with great friends
Although, the weather was not perfect but my day was perfect because of my amazing friends
Prada stepping up the game
A SHIRT WITH A MONKEY?
Noticed it before
Nothing
Birthday wishes sister God bless your new age
I love you so much
Minjoo x Yujin love you
Thank you
Both of them deserved that second chance in love, and glad it has worked out for them
My girls
Why I love
He's gorgeous Grimmy
's The Alchemist
there are always interesting things from you that make us always smile happily thanks
Always and forever
Shitty Mashup [32x]
PE:@tony_halo18
Pedido de :@kidarriuz
Y n.n
1.2 ~ 1.4 ~ 1.5 ~ 1.6
Hi! I love ur account ur funny and nice and I wanna get to know u better we should talk more
the way she ran at the last mins aaa my heart
PLEASE ALWAYS TAKE A REST! I LOVE YOU ALL SO MUCH
currently reading Cells thanks to BobChan!
Seem to have refound my obsession with paramore.
Thankyou for coming !
Good to be back en W London - Leicester Square
thank u, love! :((
This beautiful Nativity set is from Thanks to my sister for spotting it and letting me know
I love this tune
Samee! Best Day ever kisses from Italy
Mazar-e-Quaid With Beloved Brother, Czn & Friend
this is true meme sobrang pangit
This woman
So lovely, generous with her time and warm.
Inaantay talaga yung love at second stare down eh
I need to hear you here in Brasil you're so handsome and your voice is a melody for my heart luv u
Thank you for everything, the tour in europe was amazing, hope to see you again soon. Rest well
I needed somebody to preach it
Penyejuk hati maklong
So humble. So precious.
The heart
Perfection
RT Kindness never goes out of fashion.
Yessss nextmonth najud mo uli akong cousin ASDFGJDKDLEODNEOSNFOE PACKAGE
Sage Records
I adore you more Shawn
happy for you my love
So so relieved for you darling. Anything you need, text/call/dm
Thanks for coming !
THANK YOU LOVE
9lbs 3oz 23in
Ghoul (2018, Netflix) takes a while to get started but once it does wow. Radhika Apte is amazing.
still trending
More love More grace Eko Hotel And Suites Victoria Island Lagos
You are valid. identify is valid. Who you do or love is valid
Happy Sunday guys
always here to add some spice to your sunday outfits
forget to check out our
We hate you too sis wam
spent the morning wrapping! I love Christmas! Even more exciting for you guys this year!
Malam by, jangan lupa dinner
Good luck everyone
Nuuuu
RIP Sam
TRUEEEE nakakamiss yung CDC food (and the kids haha)
God bless you sir
o sorriso
Love ; reaching , caring , sharing , sunshine , flowers and happy hours together
Hasta el final con ellos
Valentine
This year you're mine LoyaltycantwelI!
And you, whom will be yours?
I love you
Happy birthday to my
old classmate I love you ...
Excited for the !!!
What a stunning click
Via Vijay IG Story!
Dona Birthday !
OUIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII tomwelling parismangascifishow Merci mon amour saiyajink_tattoo
I'm going to see why don't we on Thursday!!!! Im so happy
Could you say hi to Thai fans
BrutalX - Stepsister fucked for a cig
Its a fun run because of you
This is the best thing ever seen
thank u ikong & tommy for always treating me as your own and real sib
??
hello this dm you be friends wiwu
Last Halloween
I wish you were there Grabe yung feels talaga
All brides look beautiful our choice who we like more
Got fucked in Puerto!
Panis boypren nyu sa Tatay ko
The one that who gives comfort
Major Kuya, Tatay, Pill hays Thank you G kase
thank you so much
Don't be depressed go out and make new friends talk to people
.. > <
Viens pv louloute
happy birthday!!! miss u
Lazy afternoon for me with hubby and my gorgeous boy everyone else up to?
Yabu after nmat!!! Finally!!!
Self pampering on Ken's Facial Care Ctr
Oh just people and things!
so happy for you.
Happy bday beautiful
at the ready awaiting the birthday party
If you have a Xmas / Birthday / Corporate party to organise
You're amazing and unstoppable! Continue shining with your kind heart
Just the combination
My twitter family:
Parents:
Spouse:
Some of my favourite pieces of tech
His adlibs and note changea give me chills, gosh
He's just the sweetest
is now live
Je t'aime
Merci bg
Sympas merci mon grand
Babe already does this
Always love supporting and helping this beautiful gal out awesome amber
Urghhh. He looks so tired. Get well soon, dumz. *sends all my pyaaar your wayy*
Alexa Meade ~ Self reflection.
How lovely for lunch
Trop cool le et Fleepiz
Henry Moore sculptures are so distinctive
i hope this helps you!
never forget:
YOU ARE IMPORTANT
YOU ARE WORTH IT
YOU ARE ENOUGH
YOUR LIFE IS YOURS
CONGRATSSSS! IT'S A NICE GAMEEEE!
like this
73' | 0-1 | vs
|
Thanks for using my pic man
It's time to take care of the brain
Vieux Kouba, Alger, Algeria
My boy
Makes my heart warm
I love Luke Cage too btw
good luck on the ticketing! hope you get it alina!
is the coolest ! Ily thanks for two great sets
andyan na ang ate yieeeee iloveyou
Odwiedzila mnie!
The Alchemist by Paulo Coelho
thank you sa libre, kopi
To all the beautiful people I've met: love you and I hope you enjoyed the experience I'd like to take pics with
thank u ikong & tommy for always treating me as your own and real sib--
the truth is i love u both
or ?
is confirmed.. 14th and 15th November they are getting married Congratulations to both
Chalo dua kabool ho!!! I will try my best, whether he wins or doesnt win, through my website
I miss you tooooooo.
10 yrs holding on strong.
Strawberry whirls
thank youuuu bb
Happy to see him return home
celebrating a birthday
We Asked for Epic Love in 100 Words. 3,000 Responded. via
Everyday you are blessed with life, be thankful and tell the ones you love you love them
Kuzeniiimmm
Us too
Ayee thank you
(C)
102018
Thank you sooooo much you are a sweetheart
TE COMO LA CARA LA GUAPA ERES
Goodluck sa boards mga ate kong future psychometrecian
Bom dia
It's dam good thank you girl
Chivettes bored at work (33 Photos)
Wow! Wow! Thank you
Just spent an hour with just me and my grandma and now my heart feels full.
Itati Maria Itati, Gracias " Love my life " por hacerme feliz ... I loviu
Done I hope I win, thank you so much for doing this
Ela top
Yaaaaaas Queen I love this and you
Perfect day thank you to be who you are (Hope you like my pancakes/crepes )
like a jacket when the world is getsting colder
Soon to be boyfriend mo yiiiie ULOL! HAHAHAH
Playing with the 100-200mm lens
Loved your dance guys
Hsusshhsshhs
one day i would go to my friends and give them abhug
This goes for every State in our great USA! Vote RED Fellow Americansevery vote counts!
J Cole _ Apparently
Ghanaian women perfectly represents African beauty
Kiss and make up- Dua Lipa and BLACKPINK
AHAHAHAHAHHAA NASAYAW TO MGA MAAAMMMSSHHHH GANDA
I'm in love
Congratulations
Non vedo amore
Wild
Valentine
This year you're mine G_Y_S_Y_A!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Friend? Girl I'm your student Thank you for the all love and support
On we are
aff
Dear Crush notice me and this meme
Please help if you can x
Thank you Lord
a
Great show this morning as part of the it's really Maddie in actual real
RomanR Rohana's tw. Now I get it why that praised the money he spent on RR merchandise, <1000 poor
Whatta great movie. Love it. Thank you and Bradley cooper
VIEJA MIA LO QUE POR TI DARIA LA VIDA TU CUIDASTE ME CONSOLASTE ME DEDICASTE EL AMOR DE MADRE TE AMO MUCHO
Girl puts her jeans on without using her hands (Video)
Congratulations & So happy for you!
everything i do is for you, you gotten so big now.. such a star i love you more than life itself
My love for Jesus is just too deep
She with natural beauty , thats i want
Love this from in
Shah G!, Thanks for the follow and please feel free to RT and our pictures.
Beautifully explained
chu
Death and life are in the power of the tounge. And those who love it will eat it's fruit.
-Proverbs 18:21
.....
Thankyou tita
ANY TIME IS GAINING TIME
200 LIKES=200 FOLLOWERS
Like
Retweet
Comment ifb
Follow Who Like and RT
Follow
My lil not my child but this is literally my whole
HaNina with Solana!
& are marrying.
Lots of love to them & lots of happiness.
Pops! The greatest dad Happy birthday
HMMMMM OKAY 17'18
Thanks you Seok Jin. We love you so muchhh
Thank you ganda!
"It's immortality, my darlings" is the best
Wherever you perform, you'll do well I will cheer you up
Pelo Trampo bom dia
(3)
[48.3] and that Allah helps you with a mighty
Aweeee
I love the last one
Happy birthday baby. More life my guy
So excited to see you
Family Love youuuuu!
..
Grande
Very good reaction last night for us. Great job the team! And thanks to all fans.
Another goal for me again.
Never in my life I will be able to express the love I have for them..
WE LVE this great dining deal from
PRIXE FIXE
2 Course 13.95
3 Course 15.95
Sunday Thursday
Keep your eyes and heart open, and pay attention to the
Big love to
Thanks mate
Ukranian ethnic pattern embroidery handmade welcome
Obsessed with little Granville
Love is all you need
Had to spoil them because they spoiling me like crazy
Well Done Girls . Thank You
We Waiting For You Next Comeback .
Fighting Girls . Love You
Love this! Thank you for bringing attention to this disease. I have a little cousin who is fighting it. amazing.
The king of my heart I love you For ever !
BFF
This
My wishes and love for you babies.. May the life before you, become beautiful and filled with love and
Life is beautiful
Get yourself a man who look at you like Perth looks at Saint.....
photo cr
My last: Yes, I do!
Romance Novel
You are my favorite person in the entire universe
I liked a video Happy Birthday prabhas special video ||"Rebel star"||
|| Jhakaas Beauty ||
Two Years ago, Lady 5th album Joanne was out
Thank You
Captain!!
This Hottie adores taking selfies :P Add to Snapchat - BlushSnaps.
DM Me We Talked Before Been Tryna Get Back Intune
Awesome, proud of you buddy!
Ui ahah ly
and RT
On Sunday we are superheroes
Sucesso minha flor
Shibden Hall with these crazy 2
And im glad i can always count on you.
Love you more
very courageous, be safe
U are much appreciated
Awwweee my nashlene heart
BANDEIRA DE PORTUGAL
so proud of them
Thank u Fans Last Show Today We already Miss U All
Rted but wanted to add how absolutely beautiful this story is and it deserves to be seen by him pls
Happy 21st to my best pal, enjoy your day
Hi just a daily reminder that I love you and hope you have an awesome day aaah this is so sweet and cute
Ate nlang Helds:) Enjoy sa bday moh.
thank you
Thank you love
Vmin transbordando amor - a Thread.
I love some Irish stew
Happy birthday servant of God
So overwhelmed
You are the one for me... I will love you for the rest of my life. My
Happy Birthday Juls! more cake to slice godbless and your fam!!
seeing a "@Camila_Cabello is following you" would definitely make my day ....
I liked a video ME PERDI NO & NAMORANDO?! (AnderShow)
Not going to get beaten by boxhill I'm running for cake
waited for this moment for over 3 years. So thankful that Hillary was baptized in Name today!
day well spent
omg yess tama si Tee tree is all we need
You are my best friend and sister of since the first day . You have given me your love, love and
Hey love make this happen
I love you tooooo
Love this!
| 0-1 | vs
Javi Martin
Vargas
|
Happy birthday
A3
There is no lines on the poster in real life.
hahaha
GOOD LUCK MDC
I feel your pain! my Buckeyes. That was an old fashion butt whooping!
You've got the most beautiful smile
love you too, wait to see you
Imagine Dragons followed me and
Thanks for the shout out Christine
The sweetest fanbase
Ne umdum ne buldum. anam
Merci
Silver Linings Playbook 2012
Cuori
Have you smiled today? Yes. Because of my cats bless their cute little souls
I mean im sorry this happened to you. But this vid made me cry laughing.
Felices los cuaaaatro
..
I just love my fans make me really cool
Amen I said my prayers a little while ago. Will continue
Thank you for your work hard Jin you did great please take care catch cold and stay warm
O mar me paz
I miss them too, so much :( here for you and here to talk whenever you need
Bang Me tonight
asa akira quick porn wife bbc amatures
Asia loves Mariah so much wait to see you in Manila
Thanks GG
*trips* oh shit oh fuck
fuck sorry guys
We're excited too!
Praying for you Selma Blair You are amazing!
Mon bae
OMG one of the best my favorite couple
Thank you Alva.
Latest Stunning Photoshoot Pics of
hidden massages consider sort of collateral beauty
Kids are back
Finally found my other tata sock it was in one of the pockets of my trousers? Ok...
Spice up your sexlife Check this new black its crotchless. Shop this now
Just stop watching Turkish program on Netflix Ertugrul
YEAR OF GOD'S APPROVAL
Happy 19th Anniversary JA1 Quezon!
youth hoodie is the coziest thing eveR will never stop wearing it
Best of friends
181020
I haven't been happier like this ever in my life.
"Deepika and Ranveer"
Nov 15th
And loving it
Today's food.
I have to share this one because Farhana remains the best Kenyan YouTuber
proud to be a part of Perth 2018
second account bali
Yes yes!!!! make that happen
God will make a way .... he always does
and then fell in with it... eating waffles at Waffle Wallah
yes pls!!
we love your staff and food. Thank you
I love u beautiful
AAAKKKK
that's our captain
eating lunch at AlRomansiah Restaurant
And even without a plan on paper, I've been taking the necessary steps to get there.
Parthu is ready to be a member in 1M category yeey waiting for it ready for trend too when he hit 1M
HAHAHAHHAHAHAHA CUTE KO PO
aww thank you so much
MAHAL KITA MINJOO
| 0-1 | vs
|
National Trusting
GM Start the with a cup of Coffee and your beautiful Smile and
This was so awesome
happy birthday gorgeous girllll have the best day !!
Vais me oferecer flores?
Omg Nat it's super okey! Feeling security in being open is really good for healing in a way
Happy Birthday Abah ,
May Allah grant you a happiness and shower with barakah. I love You
Yes spread
even though I never saw you in real life, happy birthday Kak Rinn! Thank you
happy birthday anceeeel!! libreeee
Sorry boo I come to the club I had homework still love you
NEW COLLECTION: Heavy Chiffon Shawl in set RM90 exc postage for all 3
leysam17 IG post | "Thanks you ADN.
Thanks G !
Thank you
Pagaling ka take mo yung strepsils and Berroca ingats tito!
Thank you for coming guys! MusicMatch
sempre
Don't forget to watch the MV, like and support APRIL!
I NEED THIS CALENDAR
God bless
Domingo
that day I felt a little bit magic,
Blessed sunday everyone!!
Terminado
80's vibes
Ash & Mike with // C
It's thats wrong I don't want to be right
Esther Perez is now following me on Twitter! Thanks for the follow! Gracias por el follow!
Hello guys, ask me anything
welcome
be there soon, miss you more though
Goodnight everyone
feliz
..
Sobrang sweet mo ate Aw thank you for appreciating
Nos vemos pronto
We wouldn't be without people like you looking
We love you too mamsh
i love youuuuuuu he looks beautiful in this fit i think time to change my profile picture
SHE HAS A KIND OF SMILE THAT WILL MAKE YOU THE HAPPIEST PERSON IN All THE WORLD
uy sipaaag see youu hehehe
Loved show Thank you! x
I hope I am take me back to APIS days
fairview terraces
Yay! Thankyou babe i really enjoyed this day. I love youuuuuu!!!!! (Celebrated his birthday
It's universal boo boo
So what ever Parish
It's same
We loved her, she knew
Thank you, SMX for being ADN's home today. Until next event.
That's the one!
Done.
Sofie and Mika Granqvist
Pic: Sofie Granqvist
Also congrats for winning! After 3 years, you guys made it again to semis! Good luck! Especially to my superman
Heyy Dr. Brown nerede
thanks for the
Thank you
Congratulations
Shadi Ki Date Fix
happy birthday you are a mother and a beautiful woman. Enjoy your day. kisses !
Yg RT Saya Follow
Pak ,@prabowo NKRI
Syempreeeee hihi. I miss you too!!!! Good luuuuck
GOODLUCK RINOA CASSANDRA!! loveyouuu
pero hopefully in God's grace maranasan ulit
A gift from my little brother
Look at how he wrote "Rihanna" Love him
Thanks baby
Takecareee!!!
This little bundle of fluff is so cute.
can i dive into your dimple? hihi ily
Park Jimin So Boyfriend Material
you're always welcome.
super fresh!!! missed
BET 2!
if following!
Congrats, Queen Asian fans are the best ever
u for this!!! Omg legend !!!
We love you
Europe is going to miss you :( but I'm glad you'll finally be able to get some rest.
wedding guest
(this the only pic I took on the night )
So precious
Que fofos
Bawal Cotton yg available
Red
have a good day! you're beautiful in & out.
Mara gets scared when I laugh she starts crying my baby
Engga ding, wish u all the best tan
Hiya peeps,home safe n sound after a fabulous wk great being home with
your work
I miss you. Counting days. Can't wait! Santa Monica, California
You're more than welcome Enjoy the rest of your day
Halika, coffee tayo. Tapos heart to heart talk. Yieee
The day been been waiting for.. .
Celebrating 1 year later .....2 years old!!!
to for ing this
Thankyou pat
and you too
Thank you for coming guys! MusicMatch
MUY FELIZ DIA A TODAS LAS MAMIS DEL MUNDO EN ESPECIAL A LAS MAMIS DEL CLUB AMARTE A TI
Tagged by
I'm also tagging
Hey if you ever need someone to talk to, i'm here for you
Im stressed out because of tix sale
isit just me
J-hope for the best
has a 2 die for face and ass her boyfriend must be well fed
I named my God Daughter Nkanyezi. Lovely name
Kalampagin na ang Twitterverse!
Official Hashtag for episode:
I do, because I'm one too.
Snowing at state college
Lezgow
Thank u ate
Ratazo ayer con mi gente bonita
Chai is everything yr
there goes my beautiful mutual uwu
TUA
Di naman ikaw. I super appreciate the help, batch. Kaya love na love kita ih
love yourself
Sounds good .. would be interesting.. I always stay for Sunday school at 11:00
Back to the NNTA World Tour with one of our essentials
The Cranberries in Portsmouth 1995, FULL
Dolce Amore!
Can't trust anyone except a few Angel like people in your life who stick by your side and deserve your trust*
my one and only merch (unofficial ) haha A polaroid
Happy Birthday very beautiful lady! Enjoy your very special day!
19 October
Safe travels
Congratulations the best two ever
Well of course they are
I don't reject money even when my account goes in 7 figures
Kyuki
Har ek friend kamina hota hai
Goodnight and i hope dream about me baby YAN NANAMAN !!! BABY NANAMAN Pero goodnight din
Love you more sweet pea
Brilliant talk. Really enjoyed every second of his Saturday talk
pero bai thank you for saving my boredom, thank you for the good vibes thank you---as a friend
GM Start the day with a cup of Coffee and your beautiful Smile
Ay, Meri
I salute you for being so strong thank you anon :)
Best news of the day
This is for my annoying best friend shes really a big fan of bts thank
Wishing the little one all the best for her recovery
S/O Day
Mention your name and rt
I will
"I wish you the same."
for TATA TIGOR is lit af
Wish you all a wonderful Sunday
Can't stop smiling with U maryolumesar
.
.
.
love kita catherine, be strong enough!
You really stay on some cute shit bruh
Loved seeing too I have a feeling we will be seeing a lot more of each other
Hello everyone hope alls well !
If people could follow my twitter account would be much appreciated!!
im a fucking copycat lmao, so i knew iKON bc i accidentally heard B-Day and LS on yt, it plays after the kdrama ost i was listening to.
El nido, Palawan
Tom Odell on Sunday Brunch singing Half as Good as You. Dreamy
Love this awesome lady
2yrs without you, and I swear it only gets harder Dad.. miss you always
Way ayu ang mga bashers dzae. Show dem who's boss. HAHAHAHAH don't let them bring you down. ayeh luv u anon
Rey
I need me one of them! Ur gorgeous girl please follow me on instagram at
D-don't worry too much, Air. I am sure it already looks amazing!
Sundays
Come to Turkey too
HOJE TEM FLAMENGO
we all have our inner battles, try to listen and understand each other. Communication is the key. Spread love
So addicted to you
But hey moots drop your birthday & bias so I can wish you
He ask me you marry I said yes and then tadaaaa onionring! Iloveyouuuu
kyuzizi inspiritddww wowwh hoya1991 seongyeol1991 INFINITELKIM infiniteyounges
Amazing deserves amazing! We both know that's what you are. Love you, Sam!
Happy he is resting now
This time, only dance with my baby.
need to come with a pause button
Rt mine too
Ukranian ethnic pattern embroidery handmade welcome
Hello Yuri, How are you ?
Kiars, thank you for being one of the most reliable. Love, Mommy Ohmyyyy parang kilala ko tooo WELCOMEEEE
Disney day with my favourites
i need food
Alhamdulillah, thank you mia.husna.lifewhisperer mialifewhisperer
.
Love it! favourite DD track
This Halloween I hope you're all haunted by the people you've ghosted
Thank you din Leysam. Nice pic as always... We You
IlocosSur is
olha ela! Eu amo
HIII! THIS IS A NEW ACC AND I'M FINDING SOME MUTUALSS HEHE rt if you stan:
KIDS
Hi please explain me the hashtag I don't understand Arabic.. please translate in English
Te quiero.
Nothing better than laying in bed with my two dogs cuddling me
Always there to comfort each other
Gorgeous HaveAAmazinglyBeautifulDayAll
BILLYRYLLE THREAD
Going to lunch in her Sunday best
Sunflower
- Ella fanning
Cutie
Repost from Pritchukada!
Here if you need to vent b. you
Two Years ago, Lady 5th album Joanne was out
Thank You
OMG MURAG AKONG PAPA UG MUTULAR ANG KABUANG Dads are truly precious
"Who supports the support workers?" I freaking love that quote
Oh my goodness In love with the genius combo: Nutella B-ready! Thank you
Congrats
So happy for you two
Voted for Shimron Hetmyer as my
The ending for the last show in Europe
Aimer
Chief Justice is really the ray of hope
Trouble with a capital T-R-O-U-B-L-E, STA hail, hail, hail
Rt mine too
Done
. .
Wow so romantis
Brendon Urie is so extra. I love him
wait to snuggle my addy girlll on this shitty Sunday
This pretty girl was seen at the concert today. Dearest Chaeyeon, thank you for coming!
Hi First of thnks for
Semma padam
Which u like most...?
I love you boys so much.
I would love to be deep inside of your sexy ass pound it hard and harder to make you satisfied
We love you too
Awwww thanks
Congratulations!!!!!
Happy birthday Iove you so much.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO BM!
today 26 years ago a big cute and strong bear was born named matthew kim
i
Kayo ha
My World Wide Handsome
Because you love us
Thank you, dongsaenga! See you this week
I gotta stop talking abt Jaejoong too much.
Yaaas Yunho's space is getting bigger
Yoochun needs to have a
pensais hier soir frero...
Did you eat well today?? I love you!!
I look so nice in my bikini .
Fell in love myself all over again
Thank you for coming home, AlDub.
leysam17
Time heals
Absolutely! Even the shells are fab
HK
- Wallet
- Wallet Strap
- Photocard
- Reflective Sticker
PRICE
2:34 pm
21 Oct / Sunday
owe it to my
We are 300% sure you are going to ace this new venture. After
Goodmorning
Sunday fam day!
she's so cuuuute omg fluffy baby
Best Dad on twitch imo keep being great!!
she got a reply from minjoo so lucky
taehyung
Sex kills do not have it
Hello l'ami ! Voici vos Joueurs
I miss this
Hegde GQ Men of the Year Awards in Mumbai
The post Pooja Hegde
Ganda't sexy naman niyan!
A special blessing over my daughter Ashley Buddenbohm
The Lord bless you and keep you; The Lord make His
Try lang ulit. Diko tinapos. Wala ng time, review muna sa chem huhu.
Blessed Sunday with this girls
Thanks for today.
and HBD once again ett
Awww I can't breath
They're very very very beautiful
I love them
Kim and Jen doing the coin tosses!
If someone come get this doggo I will
Minjoo!!! Lots love from Indonesia!!!
OUR CAPTAIN
Thank you so much my love
Frankly very happy about the news!
It's amazing how crazy love wins at the end
thank youu so much po sir edu!! Godbless luv u po
Collins
PlaDu
pssss! I love you
They are always together
Don't wait for the perfect moment. Take the moment and make it perfect.
Thank you baby
That is so beautiful Teresa. Shane has really gotten there to where God told you he will go to. He
Tansan and candy wrappers as play money in gambling Bad sya pero makamingaw
How can I get this
Ach Hamburg
me as well
happy birthday
tem que respeitar a cantora!
Congrats Team!! And thanks for everything
In loving memory
I love you so so much and the more and more I grow I still remember that we forever like ink
Will you do all my chemistry work for me?
So consistent in her high standards - another outstanding commission completed by I am so excited
UMM ME TOO she's perfect
right back at you love you
Yes mommyyy
Love it already feels like I found my homebase for the week
.
.
.
Gosh just now. Thank you Lei! God bless One Dawin is enough hihihi.
at least i have these five n a half days n them am off for a week
Aw, thank you so much, pretty.
We need many more people like in this country! such an inspiration!
Congratulations to both of you lots of love
here to stay For you and for all of us
Thank you for this
And thank you for the music
Blessed Sunday!
My mum is the strongest woman I know battled and beat cancer 3 times and getting stronger every day what a legend
the most handsome man alive
Me encanta este hotel
Cute
bai i love p!atd so much
had fun today!!
on the spot plans with the best ppl
I know it is I just can't get enough of that album still xxx
Thank you, he was a brilliant little chap
Shopping in amazon
Bonjour
Family day out at Malpas Pumpkin Farm
Want to love,want to you
Thread for:
please..
.........
S
this banger got gang luv
we almost at 400
make sure this link is shared to ALL
Aw thank you so much that means a lot. This was hard to admit, let alone write & share, so
Nice 1 mother
Shen Yue How cute she is
awww this is o sweet
Hey Big bro
Hru?
Who is father of Mathematics
Does it Aryabhatt?
&
Noida
With
How Do You Feel...!!! Shares Screen Space With Your Dream Sir
Happy Bday to the always beautiful
Happy birthday Carrie, our beloved Princess
I miss you so much..
Goodluck bby ko galingan mo sa intrams, cheer kita omyy hii ate mishie! thankyouu!!
I remember the magic heart
A taegi commission piece I did for for a chapter of their fanfic that you can check out
Rt mine too pls
EXO Members Sweet Moments | EXO IS FAMILY via
Lots of great people went there including the fabulous
courtship day 9
kapag tumingin ka.... akin ka. yiiiieeeee
This girl is MINE. Labyu babe
Once again happy Birthday Reena god blessed you Wishes From Boss
breakfast with my lover be more proud of him The Breakfast Club
Can't believe I forgot to put my birthday photo's on Lovely birthday meal with my son and Jodie
'Perfect' is an understatement. Uri lovely maknae
Been for me the past 7 or 8 years
lola jhai and lola xen
*happiest bday omelcair wahahahaha
I think my favourite storyline of them all.
How did you know and when did you start loving iKON? Quote your tweet. Let us all see.
With my Sister
Fighting, Airie!
Chilled Sundays in your own home
I you, Roman.
First tournament on BO4 with and we get a bronze :) gotten gold but we played against a crack addict :)
Ooh, I like that, I'll have to think as I write and play with it a little!
HIII! THIS IS A NEW ACC AND I'M FINDING SOME MUTUALSS HEHE rt if you stan:
KIDS
anhembi tbm??? boa sorteee
Energy
Thankyou angel, reggie is fine. I have absolutely no idea how but we are so lucky
beautiful and laid-back
So finally Its official and is going to marry in the end of the year Congratulations
I'm so happy for you Jeongguuuk~ please please take care as always. Much loveeee
Ok Guys List Updated
waited for this moment for over 3 years. So thankful that Hillary was baptized in Name today!
Right back atcha lovely lady x
My second ever baby to hit a million streams on Spotify! Thank you so much to everybody who listened!!!
So perfectly true
God is Love
World lo ne best place.. Native place
Congrats bro lovely couples ji
jghhh thank you and jhonas
Voted for Shimron Hetmyer as my
the cutest baby in the world.
Wow. This one is everything. Love your alchemy
Yay! some pop up produce!
300 means a lot to me. thanks everyone, i rlly appreciate each and every one if you.
Mdrr bonne chance
We are not a team just because we work together, we are a team because we Respect, Trust, and Care for Each Other
for a ...
Matcha ice cream and a cake as bonus for ya
I had to change my DP back to her, my PRESH bby is getting married been her stan since 2007! such
Love u
my baby look so happy im happy for you boy
Hi First of thnks for
Semma padam
Which movie u
Super Duper campaign. Touches every string of the
O V O
Corner on a Sunday Art Binge by from 2016, displayed on the Upper
Well this position is fun
El legendario en
You know who you are!
Call com o fiatinho
Your girl Beauty dan natural
Pict
Baby Buu I love you wallah with all my heart .
Pleasures
Keep your head up we go get through this Rip my brother
TE AMO
Day well spent with family
Happy birthday you beautiful human... SO jealous, enjoy
Ly bruh
the-man-in-the-mirror: devilish-innocence: Beyond words
I am in love with this photo hope this couple is found!
waited for this moment for over 3 years. So thankful that Hillary was baptized in Name today!
Hilda is such a heartwarming series
Hawk & Dove
Love this episode
S01E02 watching DC Universe's Titans
Goosebumps
Napahusay grabeeeeeee
i love you too, i will always!
No, I have not started my Christmas shopping, usually I start at the beginning of November.
my missed one i adore you
my bro scoring the winner soon link up
Thanx bro
Napoli
woke up to a sweet lil txt. that happened in soooo long.. i love my friends.
onlyrippedgirls:
Gracyanne Barbosa Download high quality pic here Follow, Like and
Feliz DOMINGO gente
VIP DAREK AL 27510
Alassandra Batista Download high quality pic here Follow, Like and Retweet!
Me
aww thank you!!
This is why you're my brother
we are ready!
super happy for Rhae and Edric.
My babies.
Hi Susanne
Thank you for wonderful editing!
Season 4 wait!
Happy Sunday !
do anything to turn back time just to experience this again
queen love scenario
Thanks baby
D97
All time crush.
Thank you so much!! And no problem!
wait to see your reactions! Thanks for replying
I hope your Sunday is filled with smiles and love
game
Jin!!!!! My worldwide Handsome
Love you!!!!!
Retour en animation sur le chef de Neutral Milk Hotel
"An Animated Look at Neutral Milk In
Thanks so much Amberlyn
Valentine
This year you're mine ll6ll0s!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Rohit
Muito
INCROYABLE
mando 3
metam
Woohoo! Our newest podcast is LIVE in the iTunes Store and on SoundCloud! Check it out!
Homemade milktea
I love you mom Pahahaha I live you too poppet
Cheers bro
it would mean the world to me if you saw my little mix tattoo girls
Fav..... Couple
Back to with so many beautiful pictures to share from my trip to ..
.
Valentine
This year you're mine amelidown!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
So excited to see in November
Buongiorno
EXO-Ls, DROP YOUR HEARTS NOW!
Oh joy!
Yutazen and EXOL heart
Hxh hdhdhhdhdgg we love you forever
i love you too, my baby bear.
HAHFKAKSLAJ SINO TO KILALA KO BA SIYA HSHQUDOQJFLA KILIG
Yesterday, we attended a fall festival that had a corn box for the kids to play in She had the best time, and
Happy Sunday y'all
On se repose et on se retrouve mardi soir sur pour un live nude techno
mooohh jtm
Someone can see this pic as BaekHyun
But for me , Its ChanYeol too
Valentine
This year you're mine hannahgender!
And you, whom will be yours?
Nielwink
. .
Anyone has cute screenshots from last night episode ? If yes could you plssss send them to me loads of love
daily peep, day 6
ayieee ako rin ha? Lagi ako andito! Iloveeyouuuuumost!
FOLLOW OUR ONLINE SHOP
FB: OUI OUI
IG:
GET THIS ITEMS FOR AFFORDABLE PRICE
From ig post..
"Shoe talk is !! Bts
And there it is. Badhai Ho!
AHAHAHAHAHAHA ship my 2 bebes
I believe you can get there!! You're so close Can't wait for PAX
Destination: Montreal via
There any sun here but all about perspective! I see the light and love! :)
MOOYAH STYLE VEGGIE BURGER
I MOOYAH
MooYah Burger -from USA \ MOOYAH
MooYah Burger -from USA to
Urgent SOMEONE PLSSS TRANSLATE THESE :((( I LOVE YALL
REAL BEAUTY
NO MAMESSSSSSSSS JAJAJAJAJA SECUELA
I never wished for you to be mine. Instead, I pray for your happiness
181021 preview
meu amor
Guys!
Share only
wait to read it
Thank you very much
Happy birthday Carrie
Sweet sixteen y juntas para siempre
This is really good
I that is lit so that I can live vicariously through my friends while caring for my 3 month old in the early hours.
Have a safe come back in Korea you worked so hard and did so good, now rest and enjoy some time for
!!
Centre on a Sunday Art Binge by from 2016, displayed on the Upper
Hearing voice put a smile on my face
believe I see you in so long.. I miss you and glad you called
You are so nice & lovely Thank you so much You always be the best teammate Marc will
Cutie
Repost from Pritchukada!
De resto ARRAZEM DEMAIS SEUS FDP CHEIO DE POTENCIAL DO CARALHO
When was the last time a song brought you to tears? Literally right now
Lady Gaga, amazing!
Chopin
But: Ben
thanks queen!
I love Edinburgh
Living for this
Thank you so much!
such an angel
hi idiots
and RT
Come on going to screenshot at 600,000 love you
/wts/ Menjual macam macam stationary, sepatu, tas dan dll. Please check
I Love Jennie Kim and ......
Jennie
I love this
True. Thank you
I think I prefer without a beard so inlove with his face
Yes naman love i will never ever do that ok? I love you love
please stay healthy and eat a lot of food!
Supportive ni kuya Thank you for today my love! Iloveyousomuch
Thank you for coming home loves.
Leysam IG
Mine is 16th
Thank you for today
Smart as always Guru sir
love you all so proud hihi
Have a safe flight home. Im very excited to watch the new content you have in store for us
10.20.18
main btchs ily chakass
Michael Pangilinan's voice is
low budget, unplanned bonfires with cousins. i live for nights like this.
Hope you have a relaxing Sunday bro mans killing it big up everything your doing and achieving! respect.
You look like a fab tita who brunches with friends at Mary Grace on a weekday haha
And there it is. Badhai Ho!
Wandering inPangasinan
Thank you so so much you are a beautiful human being
happy birthday to the lady that keeps being an inspiration to me always.
10/20/18
><
Jgh
Rt mine too pls
oKAY SHUT UP NA AKO TIME TO BINGE WATCH KDRAMA HIHI
Happy birthday to the marj love ya
May he Rest In Peace Julie
"We all have the right to be loved"
If you agree with come join us at St Enoch Square at 12pm
I will forever stan
Young forever night ver with pc jin rm60
Ynwa pink ver no pc but ada poster rm 60
Siapa beli dpt free gift
Good morning
Do you think people can control their own destiny? nopeeee, si God langg
How to Impress a Girl:
Respect Her
Protect Her
Care For for Her
How to impress Boy :
.Just Smile
Larka Barbaad
My birthday wish that you will be happy and safe and have a home :much love. They will be homeless
Thank you
Inlove with his art
Bcoz u followed me and u seemed to b a die hard Viratian
Help Nora to beat cancer!
Makes me so sad this Bobbi! What can I do? What do you need? wonderful
2hrs of vc. de stress
My kids names will be October and Jaxson
Thank you lord for everything
thank you for everything
YOUR video INSPIRED me to sort out my WHOLE DAMN LIFE
Happy heart, happy soul.
Love her
//I want to befriend all of you
awwWwWww iLY it was,, such best friend goals get you all the Bows you asked for as well
Stop being worried about what other people think , just do you and have fun , a queen remember that
Iye, missed you
I never wished for you to be mine. Instead, I'm praying for your happiness
Its since last 6 years
CTTO
Wow!! When you woke up like this na ganito ka fresh
Using Skin Perfecting Serum
600php only!
Try it to believe it!
Waiting for the advertisements
A huge good luck to my this morning running the He somehow found time to train while
NTRed Class Rep Yukino ~H Days of Class Rep Who Can't Say No~
Brother nature got and is still the most humble guy out there
Online age. We know you are a +40 malume, don't worry this is a safe place
thank you po! God bless!!!
Nochonaso
The kits look fab and the girls look great! Well done on your first game girls!
It was nice knowing WWIII really is around the corner thanks for everything I love
Let's go home!
I Amsterdam, see you next time.
in viaggio verso Milano
Thank you!!
FAM JAM
NEW: Dakota, Shia LaBeouf and Zachary Gottsagen at the Event in Denver last night.
Our leader is the best
AAAAAA finally!!
Tired from a long work at the Zoo, but all good when you get the warmest hugs from our tiger cubs
Thank you.
thank angge!!! imissyou
An oldie but goody for breakfast this morning. Alex LOVES donuts so this always makes the Halloween activity
I'm totally up for this!
Whole World One Side , And you Beauty Queen , One Side in my heart It's My Love Just For You
I love you
Pretty baby girl. Love you, Ciana!
/. I'm enjoying these RP's so much oml love u
U know who I'm bout
I have someone I EVER want to lose.
Remember when Lindsey did comic cons? Best time of my life.
i really love this aa
Enjoy your youth .. You will never be younger than you are at this very moment ..
.
.
Again with the
sham ganda pala boses mo
The truth of my life but still it's beautiful
so sorry. be keeping them in my prayers
The fact you made Jimin in charge of namjin hajsjjssj Lene, your mind
please eat well!! stay healthy!!
Deep convos with dad is
!! !!!
THIS GIRL IS GOING TO see you on 11/11
Plato taco
Best Mexican food joint ever
Alhamdhulillahi
Congratulations Maldives
So cute and precious what you're saying! Thank you! Same goes to you back! Much love to you!
perform in KL please
Aww look at this gif such a cutie
naraid66
0#va%ndrzy%f
This is wonderful
Thanking the man above
Lanai wth gamers don't sleep..get more coffee and play
i'm so sorry for your loss stay strong
Thank you for all of your from Emily!!!
i'm so sorry for your loss stay strong
1 year ago today i lost my beautiful great gran i think about you every day and i miss you so much. hope
Why so gorg?! SAM FANGER!!!
Thank you Sessings
Thank you.
Bbq
I hope you're having fun in Paris
Tama tama. verybody deserves a second chance
When Ghoul is up to no good, I love these little guys. They're just too adorable and funny
goodluck samin bukas & sa other group. guide us po!
Gurll its Ahin and my bias wrecker is Taehaa
please rest well baby art, dont push yourself too hard. eat healty food and sleep early baby~ i love you
Amazing!! That looks like a winning team right there
Want i love it
MINJOO said she appreciate the love and support of Filipino fans she replied on kim minjoo ph
Laid back Sunday. Music and Fundador to end my RD.
Excited for Pinoy Big Brother Otso!
nuffsaid fam
Ohhhhhhhhh mon ptit coeurrrrrrr
Hai jaanu
Cake eating J!! Thanks so much H! Our trip come soon enough
I really but I appreciate your comment
Pinoy Big Brother OTSO. This November on ABS-CBN
balakayodyan, dale is life mga ssob
Awwwwww. Bon courage. Thinking of you both.
Happy birthday bross more blessings
Another amazing track. Listening on loop
uwu thank you ateeee
with idk fam
posted picture with his wife celebrating 18th wedding MashaAllah
I what he is saying.
.
.
"When people come to your page do they walk away feeling better or worse?" Phoenix,
NASHLENE FAVORITE OTP SANA DITO NAMAN SA PAMPANGA
Family
Riquelme
Sweetheart
Valentine
This year you're mine malathbis!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Must-watch! Adulting in a nutshell +++ life lessons as we take one of the most difficult phases in life. Kudos!
wait to meet you in Chelmsford!!!!
So lovely you are doing this!
Love them!!
GL beast, wish you all the best
Ci y dydd - - dog of the day
Merci bcp les filles !!
his spunk!
My cute baby
Kissables & sibs comment here
Melhor viagem
It was such a special evening I was literally in tears when I talked to Jesse. You can see it in my eyes
Sister wives
That's so sweet of you! Really warms my heart thank you!
NEW VLOG coming out soon!
Open happiness with
Happy birthday Love you and your family to the moon and back :)
Thank you all is splendid
Thank you po Sir
ILYSB
Done
Don't get me wrong, it's not that i'm not happy, it's just that when i'm with you i feel a million times better
Thanks Queen
*priceless. And you are, so very have a lovely day, you smug old sod
I can't wait to hear it Thank you for all the amazing work you did for this show. I couldn't
Read and learn,...
Hai
.
WS ADMIN ZUNIRA
+60129546632
.
FB PAGES - CHLUSH
IG - chlush_datodrk
Check out this cool T-shirt!
Created by
Even if I spent the whole week with him, I will miss him the second he leaves.
kabitin! :(((((( pero thank you Lord!!!
Bestie tu hy sb sy phly.
2nd koi or hy.
thanks
Welcome to the Family King
*don't mind my eye bags
Home sweet home
Get lots of rest, King! Love you
Love u roomie! Thank you
Protect that smile
L O V E
thank you The 1975 for always calming me down
Tell me your dreams
Yaassss... Keep doing you girrrlll!
Little pumpkin face
Hat made by the lovely the_wool_loft
Fight, fight, fight
MAICHARD
Your smile my heart my soul
I will
Mi Amor
sworn you were 21 or something. Wow! Happy birthday Obaa!
taking care of my drunk gf is the best thing ever, I love it idc idc.
That's an honour thank you x
Presenting you the most awaited teaser of Barat
Mr and Mrs Ali
Jose Sixto Dantes iii
Dingdong Dantes
showcase
Kiss and make up.
Can PU for the Go4 today
RTs Appreciated
Pretty grl asf Ahehi thank u
Valentine
This year you're mine shastnn!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Always living and learning. So thankful you met a man that treats you with the respect and love you deserve
+ 1
posted picture with his wife celebrating 18th wedding MashaAllah
I THIS SWEEP PICKING SEQUENCE
You like my coatif you like click RT, if you want to chat with me click link in profile
I'm so touched to see my other fandom mates helping out and spreading about this issue I'm so grateful to have such lovely families
This guy he's the most snuggliest, crazy, food loving, clingy kitten.. Oh my heart
Happy birthday baby have a good one
Wahhhhh "cutiepatotie"
Nattie both of you..so pretty
mam
Saint Petersburg
everyone needs to be blessed by curlyredhao, the main look of 2018
Auto bahagia ngeliat dia begini
Not as good as you look Cristina You look absolutely totally stunning in this pic darling
That you did! Loved every minute of it
10-21-18
I love youu
I am so chuffed!!! Congratulations guy... Tons of love and happiness to you both
We adore you too
I was Like This Be Fr Tho this person snapped you see this mom
This restaurant let's people come chill with their dogs
i love you trisha wil u marry me ??
I love you more than life itself. Thank you for today.
To: Donghaning
Which junior are you expecting the most in JBJ95 who you will have promotion together with?
how do you save gifs here tho
In the end, they say you always find your perfect one
She's adorable! God Bless Her!
Wynter Gordon // Back to you.
Yes my Queen
Dream
I want to ride in a helicopter at night with the one who broke my heart and say
"HELLO NEW YORK!"
Hello people
Central Park#on sky arts 10 PM
Less than 26 hours to go for
Can't wait for tomorrow 7Pm already
We stan a legend lmao LOVE YOU
Happy Sunday
Wow congratulations to both of you
Finally Ram Leela ek ho rahi hai
2004
Love these folks!
aww *blushing*
Benefits of Cabbage: Improve digestion, keep health, lower blood pressure, packed with Vit C & K. Help keep
thank YOU! ya cutie, you!
Happy Birthday to the One and Only, Carrie Fisher, who would have been 62 today!
Valentine
This year you're mine Graslistia!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Beautiful
Have a Beautiful day
Luv u
Jose Sixto Dantes iii
Dingdong Dantes
Tita Lany
hello teh! hoy kapag may problema ka andito ako chat mo lang ako hehe goodluck sa studies mo!
UwU.
Today's gospel reminded me that like God we should also came to serve, not to be served.
FB Memory from 5 years ago. It was quality time with my Little Levi(s)...the II & the III. these
My
Brothers,love,travel
{defnill update}: 181021 preview
Valentine
This year you're mine DnaDno!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Thank you baby girl I love you so much keep grinding
FREE SEX Chat with girls. Register 100% FREE
onesie time
Fantastic gig. Amazing music, vocals and energy.
I absolutely love this so much
I love him so much
Valentine
This year you're mine i_iiie!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
"APPRECIATE those PEOPLE...
who MAKES us SMILE..."
feeling blessed
bom domingo chato p vcs
Food x You
-
In 10 minutes my last tweet!
Follow me
Turn on my notifications for more followers daily
The sound of silence
Thank you, Anthony!
You bought a Niffler!!
Hey to all my Obzyer is now streaming Call of Duty: Black Ops 4 stop by and show some
New views
Nothing better than having a lazy day with my babies
Kindly please click heart heart lang po ang counted thank you so much promise
Appreciate life and the ones around you . too damn short
BREAKING: Ranveer and Deepika confirm their wedding date as November 14-15.
Congartulations to the lovebirds.
Oh hi!
goodnight but it's already morning so
good morning honey ily so much wtf
You're the best!!! Thank you so much my beautiful friend xxx
Sonakshi being an excited kid for her Lootera baba's weeding
I just deal with this anymore, but worry. be fine Love you too
I'm really excited to this :) I hope to see al of you!!!! Those who wants letters I'll accept until Friday :)
Yes. Let's meet there.
Finally!! They are getting married!! about time!
Good morning my very Dear Jenny
Have a very good Sunday. Enjoy it with your family
Aww noo, boo. I get that. Breathe
Tysm babs
I love you so much :((
Wuvyuuuuuuuuu
More fab pics from today with and wonderful fans , Josie, Jo & Jo!
Always welcome
You are loved. Keep inspiring people. God bless you both.
love wins
BE LIKE US... STAY HAPPY ALWAYS .. Happy Sunday.. Thankful for life and His Unfailing Love.
Ohayo Maki x Sushi Date
happy birthday Chris!!
Talking about videi games with is so fun and relaxing somehow I luv.
Repost from iamcalu using repostregramapp - I believe how fun 2018 has been !!
can you imagine
I NY..Do you????
If you do, Vote for for Governor so we can rid NYS from Cuomo's corruption and
Love her
So sorry for your loss.
Many congratulations
Tears in my eyes, butterflies in my belly
Love this
Thank you!
Creamline Cool Smashers vs. Ateneo Motolite
Market Cap: $211,226,887,126
BTC Dominance: 53.62%
BTC: $6543.87471596
ETH: 0.03184522 BTC
XRP:
This song been on my mind since ekseni
Takes me back to sleepovers I did at &
Aside on a Sunday Art Binge by from 2016, displayed on the Upper
Take your time to discover what is right for you.. be safe
I these tips for scaffolding students through gradual release in reading instruction.
A good movie
Just beautiful
I feel this
have the best time today!!
Grateful for all the love & warm wishes Rambla PH
Peace and tranquility Sunday chilling at home happy days
Thank you
heheh
Love this little speech. changed my life, I be the same without it. Best night of my life
Very!! All those flaming red shades
I this guy!!!
I find appealing Twitter babeariel_mfc YouTube
I literally love this photo.
It's me and my roomie in Prague
eye smile!!! it's really the little things that make me swoon
Homaygoodness cute mo sobra Ganda mo pa and nakakatawa tawa mo sobra and the impressions mo grabe so pretty and funny and amazing
Oh that's awesome! What a lovley person
knew from the start, you put a move on my
Happy birthday and get well soon.
Jtm toi
That was a lovely music stream back on Twitch! Thank you to all who dropped by
I hope to do these 2x a week.
aWH THANK YOU!
Dinner date with mommy is
Sarap sa feeling!
Can u rt mine too pls ?
Kizuna Ai [Virtual Youtuber] Find more and related at Anime Lovers WorldWide
happy birthday love ya dude! hope you had a great day
I stress enough how much this guy means to me
Sending love you to you and so sorry for your loss
Thank you for making my day
Thank you again for tonight
daniel's message to the 10 year old girl when she told them she likes kang daniel
HAPPY SUNDAY
You will be hated by everyone because of me, but the one who stands firm to the end will be
Thank you for doing this haha
Valentine
This year you're mine dyingsirin!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
I can see the admiration in his eyes, because same, I would be like that too if I had a hyung like him
thank you ily
Happy Birthday,Pipe!!! We love you
I will marry you
model Lee Sung Kyung
STK STK
Valentine
This year you're mine akulagutenberg!
And you, whom will be yours?
Huuuy must watch yung first love
Ma'am Liwayway Sanvictores
Ma'am Laura Esguerra
Ma'am Joy Rondilla
Thank you so much!!
Thanks for acompany me today
We had such an AMAZING turnout for our Mad Hatter Tea! Thank you all for coming!
Your costumes were AWESOME!!!
Salamat po sa Dios
You both lost me way way back but nonetheless.
Thank you my bro
Valentine
This year you're mine ingb2u!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
DANIEL96_TH: RT SHINE_ON_DANIEL: 181021 preview
Just enjoying my garden
watching studio7 rn. :))) hi,
My crush till boyhood
Sigo sin
Por siempre mi gordito hermoso te amo
yieee new clothes
How good does my girl look
First test shoot!
Photography/styling
UPDATE: Finalists for this year's
We would like to thank you all for the support. Join our journey
cuteness overload love u
Valentine
This year you're mine ty__as!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Congratulations
I can't explain why your love makes me weak
Thank you for coming home to ADN, Alden & Know that you will always have a home
My fear stand a chance when I stand in love
Just because I don't know you, it doesn't mean I don't still care It also doesn't mean, I don't see you
so much love
slay, Biblee
We cannot wait either Becky, we are so excited to help you get at your dream summer camp x
Halloween is right around the corner
Hi mam.... This is elakiya
You only my all time fav
How are you sweety
Say hi
queen
Good quality sister time with & the gods in Athens Athens, Greece
complain, my weekend was a good one
Nothing Like Underboob
Your bodys yearning for me...I can hear it callin babe...
Have a lovely day!
Liz is absolutely marvelous ...this should have been the start of the cast panel, but Liz wanted to continue to
Finally Ram Leela ek ho rahi che!
this
Eles tem limites, beija logooooo
Aprom Life Epdi sister Iruku
Space Mom!
Yes
Thank you
The chicken arrived
Never mess with anti facist chicks
Thank youuuu!!!
My naley heart
rents are celebrating their 7th anniversary tomorrow
It's okay
Thank you very much, and congratulations for the generosity, the world needs people like this
I my *clink*
Hehe
Your welcome my lil cherub love you so much xxxx
We rainbows! This perfect jumper is in stock now
Awwwww you're so sweet
Friendversary man diay namo ron aeus.
why they can be so cute.... king and queen
THE BOOM TRAIN - CHALLENGE
CHALLENGE BET 1 INPLAY -
-
Like and
Ang cutiee
good for you
I just love the aesthetic on this pics.
Happy weekend with the family! badly needed this recharge.
hihihi thanks and worry! LUMALAMON NA AKO HAHAHAHAHA hope to see you soon!
p.s. idk who
finally, natapos na din namin practice set
It was a lovely night
Ruby cracked me reet up last night what a diamond I have
How darling are they!
Please call 09020505110 or 6505110 and vote for !
oh thanks
love you
free service w 10 pesos charge
new member of the fam
welcome to the world baby Jayden Glory to God!!
Thank you for this wonderful trip
Best of the best
im in luv
Omg!!!!
Congratulations and
Finally!!!!
And i am not
I gotchu cyst!!
Curlz and Color by: Roxane Ganda
Mak abah is my priority
Get yourself a boy that looks at you the way Jack looks at Euan
Cr. HAPPY22
when you guys come to Manchester tonight or tomorrow u should definitely go to the Trafford centre
I have remember us this way on repeat
You're welcome, I'm very happy to hear that
Time for Ranveer to change his name to Ranveer Singh Padukone
siempre Gracias por tanto
Day well spent Lord! Thank you!
My heart will always find its way home
Thank you, and ADN.
Ito yung ADN na
My composition for you from year 1984. This was part of my concert. Recordings from c-cassette. - on yksi
so happy for this two and also to us ADN
Hi!!!
Scorpio sisters November 5th
it was destiny they were meant to the film and fall in love :)
I agree with you my precious sugar adored &Magnus our power and our secret antidote the
qty ng instagram ko pute red , para red means love shala
What is your all time favourite Hollywood movie ?
By the Way , JANU is one of the best characters you have done
Best surprise of the morning! is tweeting a bunch of closing nature scenes... my absolute fave.
so blessed to have such awesome friends
Happy birthday Sauda Wishing you long life and good health
Thanks bro I am grateful for all the love and support
We're all of us stars
We're fadin' away
Just try not to worry
You'll see us some day
Just take what you need
One word about
Adobong manok by Papa is the best! Burrp
Finally in the Top 10 Dj Mag. truly deserved it
for a short message thing
blogcolherdechanoivas with get_repost
{Evento Beleza de Noiva por morenaandradeatelier}
.
Quer
my pleasure
blogcolherdechanoivas with get_repost
{Evento Beleza de Noiva por morenaandradeatelier}
.
Quer
Meng, thank you sa inyo ni Alden. Thank you for coming home with us
We are with him anyway
buying a drone for my next relationship
Insta-stories of us on the edge of the private infinity pool on
Now Watching Ur so beautiful
Gaps can help cure the Monday Blues (30 Photos)
Nasi goreng cendawan
ALDUB PA RIN WALANG IWANAN HANGGANG SA DULO
Love youu
P.S. I UPER LIVE NO MATTER WHAT. THANK YOU FOR ALWAYS TOUCHING MY HEART
Thanks mama! Lookin helllla as always
Thanks Ana Knew I could count on you. Obsession? Never... x
This Catfish is very cute
Home
India need to take 323 to win this match. Come on boys
And you should keep at it cuz you'll be getting a lot of duas for it Go get us what we all
Oh thank you appreciated
Even in my worst times you could see the best of me. Thankk uuu
Omg I went Berlin last year and it was amazing. The Christmas markets I really want to go again this year.
Instagram husband lol i love you love missing you wait to see you
Worldwide handsome!
Dono de todo meu amor
Awww Presh!!! Love and light princess
Bbq
it was destiny they were meant to do the film and fall in love :)
thank u, ethan!
Te amo
one of the purest thing that I love to watch is animals drinking clean water from nearby, stay hydrated lovely creatures
As a friend
Mere 2 Anmol Ratan
Who joined us at junior parkrun this morning?
RT if you walked, jogged or ran
Like if you volunteered
I looove walking in the nature. Enjoy your Sunday!
Thank you
You'll be okay beb dun wuri!!
Happy that your having fun ate rei
That feeling when you thought that you'll die, but you didn't.
thank you aubrey!!
Ifb Thank you
Awww thank you my love
And proud of being part of this great and department!
Happy birthday we miss you
2018 . 10 . 21 ~ FOREVER
Bakwit Boys
thank you
A happy heavenly birthday to my forever idol & space mom, Carrie Fisher I miss you so much
I love it
Ggu moodbost banget wkwkw
Stunning beautiful
malibu nights // lany
Wow AHAHAHAHAHHA ardie? Yiiiiieut!
RT DailyLamboTM: Red Lamborghini Urus
The two of you are so cute
im so proud of u my love
of
me-time
Happiest moment
So happy for my babies !
The perfect couple
They
Ifb Thank you
Paris with Mom te amo .
Paris, France
We will always be here for you and Thank you for coming home with us. We love
I wait for this
~
Love you baby
I hope everything is alright at home and to see you back in action soon . Sending positive thoughts and well wishes your way
I Cruel Summer
God will change your life ..just wait for his miracle
infinity
A simple and sweet movie. Hoping to find my little forest soon.
they're all so beautiful
Thank you yes, my dad is full of sayings for everyday life!
Thanks baby
collab with Kisses pls + Solana? if pwede hihi
Wow I love them, the love, how goofy they are it just cleared my skin for real.
The love of a brother...
always and forever!!
Welcome to the Family King *don't mind the eye bags
We adore you more
She is the best
Mee to
Wow.
That is awesome. I find they are innovative and resourceful, just solve stuff.
i will forever be an army
dj
forever girl crush!!!
4 years since I saw a boy smiling at me in the little monster zone queue. I had no idea mean so much to me
Wish you a very happy birthday my lovely i hope you have an amazing day with lots of gifts and
Bem Gordinhaa
You are so graceful and kind. I aspire to be like you
Come in and be tour support with me. have a life chat!
Valentine
This year you're mine manaka_mukai!
And you, whom will be yours?
thanks love
I Travel Posters !!!
No matter how far we go or how long been,
always be you
Como Nn amar vc amo vc
REDMAREinSG finally got to see my girls live had an amazing night yesterday although there was an
Congratulations
Good morning Friends & Family,many blessings
Art by
Thor Gary
His smileeeee!!! Im so so so happy for them both
Family!
and announce their wedding dates..... India in
Nice to see dancing on
with these pips!
been exactly a year since i took the upcat to my circle-shading self last year, i will always be thankful for
No Maine, thank you, thank you sa inyo ni Alden
RT o FAV
BLACK OPS 4 = RT
FORTNITE = FAV
Aww thanks just finished it
Thank you also and for making us happy! God bless you both!
Girl your song is stuck in mah head so goood LILIMUTIIIIIN KITAAA
PARIS
HI U r Looking So cute in
& U Have any Idea To act With In Upcoming days??
absolutely true you are a gem & honestly thank YOU from the bottom of my heart
When you make my skip a beat... chameleon2
naraid66
usxapymjpfrn
Thanks for coming, Sevyn! Glad to have my old-time friend there
facts enjoy yo day love
Thanks for 100.
everything about
love
never fades away
always here to stay
only understand sometimes
Asta Pronto
A casita en Omaha Nebraska Airport
my gurls
Win or lose
always enough Maine!
Thank u so much
see u tomorrow morning, ayayu!!
holy fuck have a goodnight everyone
My ONE and ONLY.
If you see this just want to say that I LOVE YOU!
number one
not even close
Cute
This.
Thank you Sanjay sir
We look forward to having you back
Thank youuu! Godbless you both! Saturday nightttt ne.
Fan from Myanmar
Thank u sir Lhar! Super bagay talaga!
Aldub Pa Rin !
Hot new updates
Sunday Studio Helper County Sligo
Deepika weds Ranveer Finally, a ship that sails till forever *touchwood*
P. S, finally "someone" can apply
Merciiii!
Shit he can be my referee
First time to see u "LeeKnow"
I'm so impressed
Nomad love Going all in babii let's git it it feels so good to be back
TE AMO TANTO! estoy muy mal y tu son de las pocas cosas q me hacen
A beautiful heart making its way to a new home
Vintage ... filter and top
ralphlauren Vintage XL top
.
.
.
.
.
.
|| The city of love and peace
Informasi & Request Kegiatan
DMSF-Cheerdance 2018
2nd Runner up (NURSING)
I find appealing Twitter babeariel_mfc YouTube
Gaurav bhaiyya realme 2 pro vs redmi note 5 pro Konsa all round accha hair?#BoloGuruji
Love you Gaurav bhaiyya
WORLDWIDEHANDSOME
thanks btw
No matter how far we go or how long been...
always be you
Congratulations to the two superstars and most beautiful couple god bless
proud of you
MILKY Beauty
Tiny boy
Congrats Alison. Well chuffed for you's
All it takes is one positive seed to spread joy into someone life.
appreciate those conversations you skip sleep for.
I am drinking mine by a fire right now
I my friends
Jaane wo kaise log the jinko....Is a gem
thank you for the great experience!!!!! dami kong natutunan and sobrang nagenjoy akooo!! thank you, especially
Thank you for coming home with us, Maine. You are always worth it. Kayong dalawa ni Alden. Walang iwanan!
see u soon
say hi to indonesia, please?
just what i need to know right now. saving this
Just want to say.... I We met this year and became fast friends. I moved to for work
She did a great job!!!! She is a hero to many!
thankyou to those mutuals that are still following me even though i became inactive ily guys
Holy mother of god no words
Yuri-ah !Please take a selca with Yena & upload it ! if you upload it,i will dance with new face
so much blessing!!!
Superb
ily too
I LIFE TOUCH.
-Ang saya ng Big Event at Ever Gotesco Commonwealth Qeuzon City
Thank you G.
Fun time
Be happy forever
That croc skin
Zara midi city bag. Available to order for 20k
Sunday mass
You are loved Meng
Hope you are all well. weds
Goodmoring !! grinding for everyone even if you hate me we the new wave baby
Bless you I hope everything is ok! I'll be cheering on your team for you! Lots of love
Tomorrow is bday. Mah boy is turning 22!!!
HAHAHA thanks ate ap !
True. I just watched Cinderella Story (Lizzie girl) tapos K heard the song again.
Thanks sis
omg some hos this feels praying for you
Father is enjoying life
OMG, I am balling like a baby. You are a truly good soul, Rodney. Thank you and bless you!
Y yo a ti.
Your not the only one
see u soon
Punjab Colony Camp NA247
10 Minutes to go !
We love you will not abandon you
Thank youu
Next Ranbir Alia Bhatt
Ale
Feliz de la madre!
I'm grateful that others marched for me
Night owl show is
Thank you so so much
The greatest gift our parents ever gave us was each other Together as friends, ready to face whatever life
Spending my weekend with abbas family
21 October
I want this, after a two hours massage
I miss you guys more!! Kain tayo certz sa friday or something:(((
wait!
Today am gonna listen to The Cribs and cry
this is too beautiful
Right on the spot, actually!
This is from a manual on everything you need to know about fixing a VW Beetle
tyL
YEEEEEEEEEE!!
too late, already addicted to Bobby Axelrod a.k.a Damian Lewis from Billions
ugh!
My 1 1/2 year old son woke up Demanding I sing desperate man to him
We love you our Kid Leader, Taeyeon. GG4EVA
Ust courtside reporter, is ganda but Go Bulldogs all the way!!
to bem
198 days left before Kyuhyun is released from the army. Day 516 of waiting for Cho Kyuhyun,
TF ANG GANDA NI GABBIIIIII!!!!
Ricky is Winona Ryder! Jk love ya man
Sunday
Love seeing in the anchor chair this morning.
An American Campaign Tee Is Trendy In Asia. Its Popularity Has Nothing To Do With The US via: "Our Yours
Traditional Moroccan Dresses made with love
thank you sol
ate anggieee thats okay !!! hope you'll do well on exams fightinggg !!! ; u ;
my precious baby
Happy birthdaaaay ate Hanaaaaa partner sa 1st base hihihi Godbless u always ate wish u all the best
Happy birthday _ninarobertson Love you queen!
Cto: Nina Robertson
i never thought anyone would ever make me smile, laugh and capture my heart as fast as you have
Yess!!! Now I can buy it without stressing about the switch version release thank you
You are my Lord the one that I l Love
Awww! Always sincere and grateful.
Hello I love Paul and your acc!!! Had to say it here cause I can't dm you awh thank you
Latina.
Salman Khan in Today's Episode Follow biggboss12fc for more updates
Family!
My Baby Enjoyed Her Birthday
Thank youuuu you can bring more if you want to display on my stand for sale.
I hope John will be ok
I think a Purdue fan now
Thanks for the ! En gefeliciteerd met je jubileum ^Nadia
Thanks pal see you there
thank u!!! i miss you too
Someone anyone plssss find me tickets for Bicep in London this November
Salamat tabi men pati saindo hehe
like a jacket when the world is getting colder
Thank you
thank you for an amazing few days spent doing what Ithe most being in your company .When
Have a great trip wish I could have joined you
Kalla kalla hang karta...oh ho...
paaji can't wait for this masterpiece just loving the
I am off next weekend if you want to stay could come through the Friday night and go home Sunday up to you
good weekend!
Roadtrip with friennddsss
Reply to that, !
Surgaku
My home
LIVE... ICE MC. I 90
INFO DIVANETTI DISCO 392.6906900
10-20-18
I just love my eyes
Also it Young K's Bday HAHAHA
not moving here next week next year!! & thanks proud of u too sis
Tugging makes the world go round
Let's all live a good life together
Learn healthy cooking
Watch
We are early waiting for this beautiful moments
Mom, I love you. I know I don't show it that much but I really do
Mmm good budplug fuck and nice clit sweety luv u open hole
long live //taylor swift
Thank you so much and for this beautiful moment it was a dream meeting you
congrats baby!!
Avanti pure
You can still have hope. It just needs to be kept in check by self preservation and the
Loveyoutoo bb
get urself a set of friends who can do both acads and walwal thanks for last night guys! soooooo lit to more
Love and prayers to you.
Ure so nice mah dude
Thank you dear for your kindness and your beautiful words
Say Something about your best co partner in on-screen
You so fuckin precoius when you smile
Also its Young K's Bday HAHAHA
HK G.O
Room No.915 Kering
- Acrylic Keyring
- Special Gift
PRICE
HKD 55
So proud of my lil cous
HAPPY SUNDAY
You will be hated by everyone because of me, but the one who stands firm to the end will be
happy birthday
Hello, Sir
Lubang
I find appealing Twitter babeariel_mfc YouTube
my right thur baby
Happy birthday queen!
You are the best , Shawn always makes me happy and glad , you made my day
Happy birthday, Carrie
Best couple of em'all
Congratulations
Despite of your flaw there is still a gem on it
Where you too
Imrul your are the beauty
Thanks so much gorgeous
I love you, always
to u both.
My Favourite Couple.
BHHYY SOO CUTE..
I love their Expressions Ahh..
Mornin'! Have a blessed day y'all
Mornin'! Have a blessed day y'all
Congratulations sister
Gg na ako sa high school pictures HAHAHAHAHA anyway, Gypsy, hope you are doing fine there in Cebu
Tamo Junto,
Aeew se Quiser Tbm Chamar Dm
mon
thank you for coming home with us! thank you sa time, love you both!
The Bless is the greatest place on earth
I have a new friend. his name is Bert, and I him
Yes! Exactly. Pitch perfect
Haha
Thanks mate
And don't forget that number 7 is special
satisfied
Congratulations to my favourite
Aw thanks Meg ly2 xxxxx
Trumpy Bear is very proud of Spece X.
yeayy i meet friend who loves blackpink too
les loves, aimes
K, done. ranted in years, but I know some of my followers need to hear all of this. have a great Sunday
thank you sm chris happy birthday to you
Love You
I come from Thailand!
> <
.
.
.
.
2018 . 10 . 21 FOREVER
Relationship goals
Masaala Dosa
any South indian Food lover ?
Be with us :
We are friends
no others
Best news ever!!
Loving Beauty Inside so far
just a dm away if you ever need me
happy birthday ma man
Nomad love Going all in babii let's git it it feels so good to be back
still can't get over meeting you, i love youuu!
Happy Birthday Mama I love you
YES!!! Have a blissful marriage
I had the best adventure today. None of it happened if I believe in a God who leads us & loves on us in unexpected ways.
I want to meet her when I don't have to work. So fab to have finally got to meet her
Best Indian Serials Songs
The End
&
You are worth the effort
5 years since we got married and 15 years together. This card from our boys is just the best
Sometimes you have to give yourself pep talks.
Beautiful Sunday with awesome ladies. Thank you!
180928
After only 2 hours of sleep it time to work at the Bears Game at Solider Field today! *
Thank you Main
Bom dia
Good morning . Happy Lifeson Day
WAAHHH see u ateeee
In Pune
Pune, Maharashtra
books today getting Library ASAP!! Thank you and Bill!!
BB
Thatsthe attitude
Yess COUSINNN
We are looking forward to serve you soon
Have you hooked up with a fan before? Love you guys so much, hope liking Australia so far
just sharing you my sweet success
Sail on the wings of a cloud where to well nobody knows
LA BATALLA DEFINITIVA:
NATALIA
AMAIA
babies are so fvcking cute
Still Monodrama My Fav Yixing Song
Just need someone to play this on guitar, tapos ako kakanta. Ugh
EVERYONE LOOK AT THE LOML BEING THE SOFTEST BEAN THERE IS
& CONGRATULATIONS AND THANK YOU A AM JUST HAPPY!!!I love you
Happy birthday
[HQ] 180927
4 hours of riding, 3 sets of ears, Saturdays are the best
Happy birthday Maggie !! my roommate that was never my roommate
roof open or closed for concert ?!
Sa motivation Ayieee, no problem!
Really appreciate Nadine and Christina
Always There For U Mimi.. U will Always Be My Precious Gift Forever
I love you too , i wish all my be with you
Charisma_HanBin update : RT purplelight1221: Today is the goodbye stage Thank you for your hardworking esp during this promotion iKON
"When Creamline & Ateneo is life. Nuod muna bago kain." Watching all the wag from San Juan, Batangas
soon as poss
Happy birthday love you
Beyond grateful and blessed dahil nainvite ko ang kapatid ko sa church. God, truly You are amazing and powerful in our lives.
good morning TGFAD
real for you
Thank you
next na si viceeey sa choice
I love you since day one
more of a powder nose now
To this very supportive man, I can't thank you enough.
to whoever said this, you say it more perfectly
You have a story to tell. We want to help.
create memorable content and reach tens of thousands of
batch thirteen
The most favourite ones
My heart
This called I
I can't even express how proud I am of Shane and Andrew! Get some rest and keep doing what you do best
Aldub pa rin
When u loose ya remote AGAIN BUT DOWNLOAD A REMOTE CONTROL APP MAN I LOVE APPLE
UKG tomorrow at 6am. see you
New Game Engine series episode is now up for Patrons! Thank you for your support!
Lookit that sweet child
Commission getting done for a wonderful client
7. Sound of Music. Yes. Classic always win!
Happy 5 months, love
Heeeeeeeee
thank you, ate!!
would to see this one
Then I looked up to you as Siri.. Now Jaanu
You are still the same
Breaking records in and can't wait to see this in
Always here for you if you ever need someone to talk to.
Bridges can be rebuilt
paras7844 fancy_paras_bhati
A bit late but
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TIMOTHY!
sjy
Happy birthday beautiful
Alhamdullilah. My regards to her & AuntH
this is fire !!! miss you so much
Bless you both!
You turn my world around.
hehe dont stope voting ikonicsss for iKON!!
Hotel in Tokyo
Omg You are so cute That's so soft
thank you, ate!!
CHALLENGE BET 1
Final go
Oh and : OMG I have seen the trailer for with my I have recorded it
Valentine
This year you're mine iwxx4!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
thank you vanne such a cutie love you and God bless
Love this song and the movie
This is what makes football to me!! What a wonder win for Purdue!! Knowing Tyler got to be there for that
" Shoot Day with Nox "
Via - Janu's Insta Story..
Trip ko lang HAHAHA
love brother
In the end Love is really all that matters
Honestly... and are the cutest couple ever!
Thanks for
this: think anything wrong with chasing money. I just think that usually the quickest
Hey Jin i love you
Hey love
"For me she is royalty".
Felicidades,
No words..I this adventure
Valentine
This year you're mine Moafaq_1!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Thank you for coming home, Alden and Maine. We love you!!!
Dabest jud ni ako Fatherous uy
LIKE A BEAUTIFUL CLASSIC COUNTRY MOVIE
Omg thanks so much! youre an angel
Just a quick THANK YOU for all of the birthday messages sent my way. You guys are the best.
Happy 4 years Clare
(
Fire U r in my heart
Flame my feelings
Melting my cells
torments my thoughts
ignited my madness
congrats my seatmate!! ble bole jumpa lg nih?
Thank you
Sobre ontem
They changed, for better
Watch the new and improved vlogs of Jamill!
Lol your tweets!
HI U r Looking So cute in
& what is ur Fitness Reason, Bec u Still Looks like u acts
Vic
SEE YOU SOON
Wow wow wow
I'm very happy
Congratulations
God bless you
Thank you! I love you
Indeed!
One&only... habibooo
You look beatiful every day of the week, sunshine
Second tats ni mother.
HI BEBE
Cant live without my mama talaga
Thankyou Girl
You're very welcome Nudger! I thought this would catch your
Namo Quan Shi Yin Pusa
Hi Minho I'm so really really proud of you. ilove you so much and I miss you.
definitely his most adorable though. I think I like his andhadhun performance the most
Have a great time, Sweet Ass
Iti malia.
Muito amor por essa foto
not only you are number in , but a fan too! stop loving this
Good work gurly luv it
Nanay Dub x Meng
tita_mel406
so talented
tyL for tonight
Congratulations and best wishes on the beautiful journey!
I'll greet here also.. happy happy birthday tintotsss!!! -joel &zai
This warms my heart
My heart is so grateful for 5 days with these girls. Working on growing us Helping others and creating the
Luv u
Legend !!!!
Avec plaisir.
Hihi thanks kev!!! miss you!
We appreciate your work! Just don't care about those haters cuz haters gonna hate
Sjksjk o can
Happy Birthday Princess..... Hope raising hell amongst the stars
Tell me 3 words that describes your personality !!
It's dragging time!
I think this is the general feeling for most at the minute Siobhan. If you need an ear or a shoulder just let me know x
Shishi me miss you
Love always, Maine & Alden, in all ways.
I am happy that you are with you bestieThis will for sure make you feel GREAT.We love you a lot
Thank you, Ava.
culture
SHOP FROM HOME:
From daytime to night time changing up our store soon so
love you too, wait to see you
HI U r Looking So cute in
& please Tell one Word About Our ??
Jennie is loved by those who appreciate her. We will always be by your side Nini
Me when watching...
Yaoi =
Yaoi + Cute Guy = 1000X
Hi cutie see u next sunday!!
My idea of a perfect Sunday - writing, ice cream and family
is an Incredible Woman n i'm so so proud of her!
So good to see her with her best friend on her bday Eve !!
stay happy like this
puso mo hehe
hehe iloveyoumoreee
The southern accents . Sookie and Bill were too much. I liked Lafayette the best
My people are here Everything feels happier and lighter now
Thank u
Wedding flow with my little
This is him now
ang clingy mo HAHAHAHAHA cuteee
Thank you mother peaches! Hahahahaha
Today is going to be a great day! Dallas bound to see my baby!!!
we really stan these 2 idols huh
HiH fam
Im way far from adorable girl nah im talking about you boo
Happy monthsary stay strong wen?
Te lovuh
It is dae waaay
Haven't seen an amv this good in a while
Thanks love
Happy Birthday chocolate
Kon aMor pAra to mI tL fEmEnINo zii
+
Mirror mirror on the wall
Get you a man with heated seats
U 17 K followers!
.........
23
Hyungwon... fanboy
so i close my eyes to old ends and open my heart to new beginnings
So beautiful
Dude u are the best Producer loving Titans so far wait for episode 3 !!! ... Wonder
your smileeee
Thanks bro
ship ko kayo ng header mo yieeee omayghash anon hi, pakilala ka and tell me how u found out what my header
dw about me im okay thank u for asking
We got some photos done yesterday so in love.
Love, Peace Santorini, Greece
.
.
All those replies
Good morning Prabhas! Not just one day but everyday I celebrate you! Na Raju, Na Prema, Mon
Every soul deserves love and compassion!!!
Hi Love charot!
a dork im getting back
cr bxffyrose
Nothing But Undiluted Love
Z Himself Did
Thank U Somuch
Merci
Happy
:((( i don't know all of them but it's okay :( thank you for your support all these time!!!
items marked with are already sold
Sitting on a couch in the Drygate on a Sunday afternoon with Vivienne to watch one of her favourite TV people changed days
Some Chardonnay and lunching with my faves
All right i have to admit that they were so easy for me because i love brat like so much
Listen to John Martyn - Glory Box by Dj Zeitgeist on
Bekah
I am so happy for you both and
Congratulations for the beginning of a new
Ma a3rfk bs shklk ensan 6yb Thank u for the good impression on me
Me and you both... Take care
This guy
Have fun there btw can u do a full itinerary on ur trip? It'll help muslim carats a lot
Thanks for the feature!!
a fierce ass bitch!! YOURE FRICKEN STUNNIN
thank you so much!
Wow ily and this fetus tweet lol
This makes my day
[#PREVIEW] 21/10/18 - Taeyeon <'s... TAEYEON CONCERT> Em Seoul Dia) | cr. YEN
Misssyooou gurl
It certainly is Amica Mia
love to you all
Made an ART TRADE with lovely and I s2g I LOVE ITT TYSM
Vcc
Team Michael
Nice opening number!
Elissa while shooting her episode
with yesterday
You're such an inspiration akak
my birthday ( 18 )
Dude u are the best Producer loving Titans so far wait for episode 3 !!! ... Wonder
which movie gonna release next eagerly waiting
Two beautiful humans and a beautiful story
I find appealing Twitter babeariel_mfc YouTube
Labyu & ADN.
Love you, stay strong and keep smiling! always here for you sister
da faetec p vida.
Thanks mo mo love you tooooo! Ummm get .... weird
5 Months
Aww girl hope your good heres some Taehyung pics to cheer you up
I'm here for you Queen! On my knees! Use message as you wish I'm just a toy for a powerful lady like you
Unchanging
Constant
Relentlessly
Tirelessly
Forever and always
Do u have any upcoming projects and with whom ? Thanks fr the reply
wtf is sagahi bes? anyways, lyf is puta. stay strong
hbday
Thank u for existing u mean the world to me hehe Hehe kilala kita love you
so sweet thank you
Walang anuman, Menggay. We are here. We have been & always will be here for you &
This Video Totally Movie & Story Based On This Epical Scene
Coffee in the early morning be the best
Happy birthday beautiful sister I love you
Meeee probably
I believe we are close to finishing another season of this amazing journey
Have a great time tomorrow
Handsome bastard
Dressed down
The game memorable but hanging with these two educators for the first time since 1991 was the BEST.
How awesome bajang family is
from
Responded
Hey Taeil watcha doin
Truth!
Make the right choice
Featuring CampervanFan member Hans Ladelund's strawberry split
No Germany dates on the list , so still looking for 1 ticket for Manchester on 07Dec
PLEASE RT
Dawww thank you!
Come through to stream
happy bday aido, have a good one
Oh wait! He calls her "Cutie"
Best couple in TFI
Who's better at the moment?
Rakitic
Busquets
thankssss
Imagine all the poeple, living life in peace.
I think you are amazing... I believe that
Vote iKON on starple guys please, for our boys
OPEN BOOKING FOR CONVO MAKEUP NOV/DEC 2018 !! WHATSAPP ME NOW TO GET YOUR SPECIAL PRICE! ONLY RM100!!
What did i miss today
On The Loose
Happiest birthdayyy!
He'll yeah!
Happy Birthday Mackenzi!!!!!! have a blessed day man
I LOVE YOU BEEBO
Did u watched this edit ?? Few words about this
So much love for you Hartley, please look after yourself and hopefully down the road you may wrestle in Australia again!
Aquele "Bom dia" maravilhoso hahaha
Listen to The Man With The "Horny" Voice!!!! ...
Forever these people. Forever my love.
Beautiful Bath
Tq so much
His whole performance was fire tho. Alafu Dean Fraser my goodness.
YOU SUPRISED ME!!! I literally screamed at the hall jn LMAO LOVEEE IT
I am crying
So ELATED for both of you and
Wishing you both love and
Hey do your thing! and of course good luck against FC Honka!
You guys are the best!!!! Congrats on all your hard work! You are my inspiration for
One word about
Anna
Ingatssss Bhee....have fun/enjoy
May ma i tweet
happy birthday to the bad gyal of my TL I hope you have a year filled with joy and growth and
I love you so much gorgeous stay amazing xx
love my new format uwu
My babes
aaah thank you, doyoungie. sniffles. uwu.
Jo yuri so cute like shinchan
Good luck tonight
Thank you ate. Love you!
The music has to be played! You are not a monster
hey just a reminder i love you so much and so proud of you
Go, Go, Go Danny, you were brilliant! Loved it
What a cute moment
Jaanu When you're going to share screen space again with Will you Accept It?
Am flying home from Belfast then having cuddles with my boys
Obrigada amores
Salamat, Ap dept.
I told you guys you better watch my step
Hey, no hard feelings, bro! What will happen or won't happen on the show won't change
Hey Jaanu I Say I Love You What's Ur Reply...???
so cute Dave
Oh chaton
Omg!! Please take a break Be safe and healthy
Khayelitsha need this right now. Thank you
THIS guy instills hope!
He's amazing!
Get well soon kiddo
|
Bom dia
after more than 1 month nagkita narin kami ni bebe coe
Amen
Thank you as crazy as ever as you can imagine xxx
- request me some persons to draw
- I always try my best
- I want to improve my drawing so send me a lot of requests uwu
This is beautiful
Those neighborhood watch style stickers
so proud of you I got so happy seeing your name at the number one spot. Well deserved
I will
Sexy
Remind yourself of you. Remind yourself of Williamsburg, Brooklyn
so beautiful that sometimes I think I could die just looking at her
Mais merci en tout cas. me touche beaucoup
7 boys all in my heart
I this! Fix your thoughts on things that are true, pure, right, and honorable!!! This means we are responsible
Valentine
This year you're mine voalz!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Love wins
bring my set of wine glasses you set the date and there babygirl
BOOOOM LOVE A LATE ONE! FOR BET 3!
MGA CYSTERS More events to come uwu
We only need ice cream and Tjurhat
.
.
.
Bogor, Indonesia
Tap if you think these guys are the best centre-back pairing in Premier League history
I stan one friendship
Melhor professora que temos
Thanks, sorry I just seen this , but I love and miss you too
vhope
I happened to see on and its the fourth time I was watching it and it still seemed fresh
i am soo sorry my jaan.
i really missed
my my alll prayers love kindness and every thing is with u
I ask Allah for firgiveness
And I repent to him
do you ever play this? I need to hear it live.
Hahahah. Just love amigo!
The best brunches, I MISS!
...for He has done so very much for me.
Please help to this girl shine!
A HUGE thank you from all of us after another incredible Summer Season!
We officially
The trend session on twitter You two
Looking gorgeous in that new coat
Hehehehehe
Tonight Alive tickets have come
Just do you, Meng. Love you, always.
Hopefully dapat pergi doh
Thank youuu
Immortal comic geniuses, I will always love them
Ayeeee bro more love from this side
She really knows how to choose the right words to use.
italianoutlanders: Nothing on this earth could break a bond like Claire and . Via...
Domingos de hacer
Welp one doe down for the love deer season.
sunny always a win! hopeyou have a great Sunday too.
Thank
hehe, loveyoumoreee
I get too excited everytime i see u online. Much better if i see you personally.
in with these two busan boiiiiii :
in love with this song and
I'm so proud to be Gallifreyan
Jodie
We are his soldiers
Great night with great people
look how beautiful is!! isn't she lovely?
MikeeQuintos
Thanks a lot to for giving me this chance.. GUYS I NEED YOUR HELP IT WON'T TAKE 3 SECONDS.. THANKS
so happy for some much needed bestie time today
I will miss this fam team tambo - sss
liked and commented on Insta post
I do not know how much I rehearsed this video but I love her very smile..
Minhwan x Yulhee wedding ceremony
19102018
*thanks to all owners for these pictures
I LOVE YOU
junto a ti
I added a video to a playlist Anda Paratha Egg Paratha Grandma's Village Style Village
Had an awesome session at season 8. Some moments ....
Hope everything is better now! The mind is scary powerful tbh
labyu both
Ben&Ben and Munimuni T.T
I need this show here in Mindanao
So soooooooo happy for my favorite couple Finally they both got married in 14 15 nov can't
Good morning Tweeps
"Kid is Awesome"!
thank you ate!!
im gonna be an aunty tomorrow!! Im getting my first niece aunty will make you an exo-l my dear
happy birthday to my absolute fav I hope you have the best love you so much see you v v soon xxxx
we love a supporting friend we
Congratulations to Jordanian people
goodbye and thank you
happy birthday i love you!
B. Dia c mto amor
Congratulations
After one intense Friday night, the housemates are feeling the love tonight at 10pm
Such beautiful light!
Naughty games that she plays
New Let's Play Stardew Valley - Episode 90 - Year 1 [From My Full Playthrough On Stream]: via
Congratulations both of u
awww, i love you too!!!!!!!!!!
100% Free Live Porn Cams
Shows by Beautiful Girls
CONTENT
content for and professionals -
Don't let the hate get to you Yes
To whomever fixed windows so rain come in - thank you
Queen design
Photo: Lufthansa
Aircraft: Boeing 747-230
Airport: Unknown
Reg: Unknown
Date: 1985s
-
-
Not gonna tag anyone, but I'm curious
Time to vote ends at NA247, PS111 Karachi & PK71 Peshawar
Oh. Don't worry, he was just annoyed at us. He didn't actually block you.
I WEHLL LAHB U UNTEL DAH CONDOLENCE OH MHINEEm
Hope your day is well, comrade. In some socialist societies death is taxable, which means that
Love you glad out now
Less than a month away!
Mariona I don't deserve you! Thank you so so much love you
i will let you set the pace
so this is for our project So we will explain the meaning of the statement we put on the shirt. Since
... so PROUD of YOU
Thank you so much
Merci bbyyyyy jtm fort
4200 5:26m 1458 41 RT I just liked OM E OMOR PH ISM_Dome A/V on
I find appealing Twitter babeariel_mfc YouTube
RT if you love
made another fan art but i kinda messed up when coloring it. but still i hope you like it again,
Hang in there
Happy Sunday
Such an eventful weekend with all 3 of my boys I am so lucky to have such an amazing and hardworking partner.
Currently: eating unripe plantain while listening to Daniel caesar.
Goals
LMFAOOOO
both offended and flattered tbh
Also maybe time to change that and instead
Bby you are so beautiful how to look that good in a bun, I look hideous while you are out here looking so good
Catarina Pereira
Thank you!
i just met you and this is crazy but here's my number, HADDAD 13
its a step forward man
happy birthday to this precious human
We love unlimited. With BFF and Kuya Dale
Wing Boss
Pia Wurtzbach's Instagram Story with Liza Soberano in Sydney :
The most beautiful
Such a sweet
Hello Julia I 'm really sorry to hear that, it's very sad May Luc rest in peace in animal
Thank you my love!
Imagine the world we could build, for ourselves and our children, if we just took these words to heart.
Yuri ah !tomorrow is your birthday
Pre Happy birthday baby
If you see my cmt ,reply with
Will take a random KO compliment any day.
Love this!
HELLO PLEASE WATCH THIS EPISODE OF BITAG CRIME DESK. I'M THE EPISODE RESEARCHER
Thanks Super Social for the follow! You can learn more about what we do here:
So busy Waters Edge - Sri Lanka
Did u watched this edit ?? Few words about this
thank you for following journey
; ) (@/smrookies)
treated special is
sana all
Our Worldwide Handsome Jin
Take care of your healthy
Love You
Thank you b!
Happy Birthday!!! Love you bud!
Hope you have a crazy fun day!
Happy Birthday, Carrie Fisher Miss you.
Some of the Cardiology Team fundraising so patients can be at the of all we do
New gold rings are up online - Baby & Moon , so delicate and beautiful stackers! Happy Sunday all!
Mujeres hermosas
one direction playlist
Spread a little today. Insta
I love these They have the perfect Sunday vibe
Talking to my future as always hihihi
My Top 5 artists: Milo (31), scallops hotel (23), Newage jerkboy (19), Maxo Kream (17) & Quavo (13) via
Norwich, London, Bristol, Leicester, Manchester, Glasgow, Leeds, Nottingham, Liverpool, Brighton
Teaser Views Getting Updated Slowly Now Currently At 18.7 Million Views
a bit slow but determined to put some of these on insta . Arriving in Marrakesh with these nutters
Congratulations and Finally it's Happening! Yay!
I knooow heh
Dabin My heart just piece it back together by it self she's the only one who can heal up my pain even my melted
Trop presser de voir sa a l'air trop bien
For my cousin
shempre si God &
SIGAM mim
I WEHLL LHAB U UNTEL DAH CONDOLENCE OF MHINEEE
Pooh Bear
I hope you win hun!
bu
shs
access 5
aes
aes ulit
hehehe la ko maisip sorry
No ones ever really gone
Happy 4th birthday stevan 21 October 2014
Hi! When will you be sending Domestic shipping dms for the picxeloveit stickers? Thanks The GOM sent me the
usuki festival
my local KIBI
Ur always welcome
Le making of de tout oublier
Food is the ingredient that binds us together
Enjoying Trout Fish in the restaurants of Manali
Found a BANKER for Bet 2 of the - roller
Tap that button to unlock the next bet
Thank you very much
No one has to die for you to keep warm. Please make cruelty free choices
ask me anything
Teboil loves you back
YOUTUBE SERVICES ATTRACTIVE OFFER - REAL HUMAN VIEWS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS - AS PER YOUTUBE TERMS REAL &
Honestly I did that as a kid and I did it every time I had to use the bathroom
Yes! So its good
Only one more day! Excited to see some of my favorite Gents..and get some Hurts Donuts!
Thank you, Love! I love you
I feel so blessed today thank you
i got kilig twice this day uwu
Such heart awesome
Che crush per Matt Murdock
Teaser Views Getting Updated Slowly Now Currently At 18.7 Million Views
Please stay alive, I believe in you Ruki-cat
Rosie.
Just look at those little cheeks
Sdds desses guris de ontem
Today is special day to my fav person enjoy your day baby have fun lovee youu
Thank you Tanja for organising this
2014
2015
2018
on his wedding anniversary
Allah ap dono ko hamesha khush rakhy
sorry to hear, hope feel better soon definitely not having the best time of my life either but oh welll
Looks like a perfect match!
STAR
Church movement
Upandan!
And the Winner is....... 21!
Janis Coeshall! Well done Jan!
Thank you to all who got a number
Your new logo is so great
Instead of asking for nudes ask for your crush's smile
Omgosh I need to get these !!
Double wedding throwback
GANDA SA MATA
how it is when you have children!!!
My sister Zuhour
2 gem of songs!
Love the people you can be weird with.
HOY KA RIN GRRRR JK THANKS PO TEH MOST ESPECIALLY SA MAKE UP & SA SKILLS NIYO PO!!!
"Paolo, Anong sikreto mo?" Film earned it yehey!
imy dubaiiiiii
i love that feeling i get whenever i see you smiling
Worship songs! The besttt!
IM HERE FOR U
Mujeres hermosas
Congratulations and Finally it's Happening! Big LOVE!
YOU WILL FALL IN LOVE
Yay
i am really enjoying Love Bomb of Fromis9
Hey guys, the next chapter to 21 Battles To Adulthood is right here! Do read and leave your precious feedback
Thanks G!
Elsa wit and talent reminds me of haha miss you, seswang
Check this hot lady
&
YESSS OF COURSE AND ATE KAYE WE'LL HUNT FOR THAT GLORIOUS 4HEAD.
not too fun because I didn't understand... but I love you
My fav song is Don't Go
thank u bes, bukas ulit. char HAHAHAHA lab
Thanks Mona
Then i wanna scream and tell you I love you
HMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM! Payt lang ate, love youuu
Wen ua fav couple makes it official
Love seeing stuff like this
so happy for u baby
I hope a wonderful tour! Take care of yourselves and have a safe trip back home Love you
SuperB FanMade
and ...
..
+ =
this is is panciiit
PLEASEE LOOK FORWARRRD TO IT
I'll add you to the group for likes and retweets when you've followed
Happy birthday babe, hope you have a good day
Thank you!
baby u dont deserved the hates :( im gonna shower u with loveeee and will protect u until the end
I love you too sunshine
Muchas gracias baby
Honestly find anyone more supportive at the minute than cammy, what a fucking legend
Lmao not a game sis stay warm
Too many tapes to listen to, what a weekend
Bed day going well! Movies have been replaced by a tv marathon tho!!
eyy , cheer up hehe find someone better than him hihe take my advice huh? love love
OKAY IM INSPIRED NA MAG ARAL AJERNNNNNNN
Thank you, Lord!
This!!!!
Omg omg congratulations and
Well you know i love you hun xx and at least you've made an effort
please i want this
Your fav place in chennai
Wow beautiful
You should do it I want recommendation for good places in Korea
E 17 jair Bolsonaro
I believe you are a highly sensitive person and that's perfectly fine it might be the reason
Hope everything is okay Paul
Thatters are the best
7 months and still counting ilove youuu so much.
MEMPHIS '
Hii Jaanu lots of love from Malaysia
The most used emoji for each trend in France :
- :
- Affaire Benalla :
- :
Ya girl just ordered mini lightstick it so cute !!! I can keep it in my bag and my pocket !!
Valentine
This year you're mine proebalasb!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Wife
a lot of love for you in this house
ty again for your previous one
Did u watched this edit ?? Few words about this
Valentine
This year you're mine mermedicate!
And you, whom will be yours?
Please keep it going!!!
Jimmy has had the longest & greatest post-presidency.
LOVE is Jimmy's secret.
Missing my high school barkada so much much much. Times when we're still complete eating our every lunch together at our friend's house.
Tunnneee
When I dive into the depths of You, my heart is made anew. Jesus, in You.
Ah. I know her twitter handle
Dis remind me of someone
Wow Yes You Are The Happiest Right Now
Happy For You
Congratulations
I this two!!!
NBC Washington News On Sunday morning
This is a good morning
finally......
It's official! and to get married on 14th and 15th of
I really like all the photos from you & thank you for giving me the best photos
Always loving joshua pliss
We One Balls! No seriously, this a paid promotion... we are addicted. Vanilla, chocolate and banana ...
Yes
Happy Sunday everyone
Beautiful baby
.. .. ..
.. ............
One year of unconditional love Happy Birthday Alina
congratulations baby boo
Thanks !
Let's try
have a hangover meltdown tomorrow morning sweetie pie
It's a shame that we can't make it to MCM this October but I hope everyone who's going has a wonderful time and stays warm and safe!!!
Last prom with baby
Osmium tetroxide monocrotophos is relational art.
Congratulations! We all have seen how much you love her. Congrats! we all
Katic & Rossiter
proud of you angel
Keep kita.
The man of my life. Thank you for the Valentino pair & dinner
Big to for adding
Good As Gold to their Spotify playlist!
glad you had fun baby, please take care and rest well!! i love you
just have to be better about hanging out more
Kesayangan
I be laughing this hard this early! What a great way to start the day. Thanks
Bohol this sembreak with mi amor.
Autumn The best season for the best pics
A SEAL Team SIX Member Reveals How To Escape A Kidnapping via
thoughts abt chi what can i say except, i love the girl & i appreciate her super sweet niya kahit alam mong
I must tell AB sir is Phenomenon, Amazing & Like Never Before & Never After Personality.
We Love
a
I will never, ever, forget those moments
Excited for IZone Debut
Happy 15th Birthday Cutie
OMG Loves Hihihihi can't waitttt
Rewatching the end and dying forever and ever Tangela
Congratulations
Romcom material
Trueeeeee
I seen you work in others I want you to work in me
reunited
Sunday Famday
Visited the Incorrupt Heart of St. Padre Pio at St. Padre Pio National Shrine Santo Tomas
Bon anniversaire Bogg
Aw danke
Yayyyyy! I hope next time youll come again I LOOVEEE YALL!!!
Peace be with u all
~ FELIZ ~
Obligatory family picture.. insert Balay Dako
continue to live vicariously through your Instagram till we get another season I love you
Happy Birthday baby girl
Approve of the merch
so beautiful making me leak
s/o to this girl na sobrang malapit sa ko. thanks sa pa-vodka mo hehe. Belated Happy Birthday ulit
In a much better place now that got my back
it's so nice seeing you all happy and fangirl-y
When bae replies so quick
Come by as soon as you can
MASHA ALLAH
New
This handsome boii
Luli (y no Luli Love) Aued
Let's Go
We had a good time at our first gala as school parents!
We always love you and Maine. You guys always my inspiration not to give up everytime i dunno wat u do.
Amen to that!
Apart from feeling angry and frustrated about those that can't see this and seek to undermine
Thank you for being the leader and for always being an amazing person. I love you
Thank you, it is so nice to hear
Visit our booth!
En Pazar (@ LOTUS Coffee in Beykoz, Istanbul w/
Insert here the follow the account meme, follow me if you love getting your heart wrecked I am a gentle,
My sister Zuhour
STAWP
Your so handsome
Congratulations to Derrick & Cassie Blue Ridge, Virginia
happy birthday bunso!! ingat u lagi, God bless
Thank you
Blue
2014 freestyles on the beach...and now???
Thoughts are with you Allen.
Big hug waiting for you at PAX if you want it
No! I want my eyes open! Stream it please!
Kate, your work is beautiful, the was our very favorite!
Thanks drey!! Loveyou
Love So glad back
500 Shaw Events Pavilion
Movie mara with fam
Dance To This
OMG DZIEKUJE KEHSODHWOSH
Thank you for the great project. Every time I see your project I stop smiling.
home just look at that smile, melts my heart
Refreshing empowering and a rational message ! Love positive and motivating in a healthy way !!
Sweet
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
camping + stargazing + cliff diving + light house trekking
My Bataan getaway is indeed an experience worth remembering.
?
?
?
?
cek list
?
by DM/WA
?
Pick your favorite Got Dogs How many can you eat?
Tag your friends.
By
At@buldogis Las
Uwu
SUPERSTAR
thank you sm dorin
Spotted out and about in Paris getting around this week! Tour Eiffel
top 3 na tayo yehey!
Queen of the Queen's
Most Beautiful Superstar
Princess
Universe
Mention ur favorite people on Twitter
Is denied by me!
Thank You Lord!
Size seviyorum
Today was a beautiful day. But I know nothing compares to how lovely my day gets when I spend it with you
I may be near-sighted but when I saw you... damn my vi-Shaun became 20/20. Congrats on the win, luv.
My wee neighbour chantelles 21st last night this girl is a super star and im so proud to call her a friend
Minha
band parents are the best parents.
happy bday bud have a good one, see u soon
So sorry to hear this mate
aww, finally we're getting congrats to this lovely couple!
blackpink - Jisoo pack
fav if you like it
rt if you save it
Gutted I missed this. Some talent she is
Happy birthday I really do U
proud ako sa inyo, yieeee.
Some after church shots
When God is working on you his grace is always sufficient
Always welcome and thankyou din.
tamioliveirat via InstaStories.
i pinned a star is born movie tickets to a album cover of the fame. love how much grown
y esfuerso
Subscribe to
Anything for you, love.
Nerditos
Y a todas
Followed all.
Yes bring back the long hair that would be nice
Will always be here for you two
asaleti
Love you to!!
Hope you win the award
Part of our hike to Annaly Bay yesterday
Staredown 2.0
Take your opinions to the gym beloved, not my mentions
Well you are ofcourse bb
LOOK AT HIM, HE'S SO HAPPY
I'm just enjoying a packet of your Cheese & Onion which are yummy but I have to
sinong cry buddy mo?(if meron) Si Lourdes iyakin kami parehas eee
Nick Fitzgerald- LSU Defensive Player of the Game- Congratulations Yeah, I know we having tough times too
wanna insta live chat
Happy Birthday Baby.
Aww thank youu wuvyuu darling
I listen to Stray Kids, iKON and Pentagon tho
I'm so quiet last couple of days... I'm with my boyfriend. I'm so crazy about this guy I'll be back to humiliate you losers on Monday.
I love you
Proving that you can be hot and cold at the same time.
We will see you very soon
fan of your movies & Instagram stories. Love from Kerala
You're welcome! Welcome home, nay, tay!
like we can get our fix now!
I feel so happy when someone tells me
welcome, boo!!
ily more
L'amour...
Bon dimanche vous
Love this. Love what you can - words with many syllables...! thanks for the new
I see I'm blocked.
LEGGOOO OMGGGG
My tropicana
Un amour
Love his name too!
Have a blessed Sunday, Beulah!
Its nice to binge watch movies without any related schoolworks to do. I am really home.
In your Will, I keep the coat
Peace be with you all Have a nice week and Godbless
Joooj, moj secer!!!! How sweet you are but pls put smile, its enough sadness, i wanna you happy now
you're right, love you too
so good to hear babes, proud of you xoxoxo
omg congratulations!!!
Valentine
This year you're mine riuvie_sen!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
to all my tropa out there, i love you all!!
Sofitel Plaza Manila ; Maxene 18
Thanks mate, feeling rough as hell, but only gotta get through today an then dr tomorrow so hopefully be helpful
Lasagna Greenwich - SM City Sta. Mesa
What a fucking moment!!!!!!
OMG thank you po
white and creamy
Oddbods Cartoon Full Episode 2017 3 Oddbods Compilation Episodes For Children via
a whole cutie pie
hi Paul No, I'm Taylor Swift!
Spellbound by Shivangi's last night look. How enthral she looked in that pretty colour
Hey beauty please
Ang galing! Clap clap! Hahaha. Salute! Simple promotion to.
blackpink - jisoo pack
fav if you like it
rt if you save it
pls rt this again
INSPIRATION NYAAAAA TAHNIAH SISSSS
recover quickly whoever you are
181021
Hlparty was so much fun, i cant wait for the next one in December!
He is brilliant
Love you, Laura. Stay safe & keep up your AWESOME work.
Nice catch!!! Metagross and Lucario are my favorite Steel types.
I liked a video Crazy Mickey Bear B4KTV remix
Capt. Chris Pascua: BAYANI.
Uwuuuu SEUNGIN
We our volunteers! THANK YOU!
this.
so good to hear babes, well proud of you xoxoxo
OMGWhat A Fire YOU ARE INDIA'S FASHION You Are So Stylist I Love Your Looks
Te amo
Meu melhor bom dia
Congrats
[HQ] 180927
That's
This is the most beautiful, heart warming thread ever.
AAAA EU TBM
My
happy birthday, nadine!! Super miss playing with you and watching you guys play wah hope you enjoyed your day
W O W
Serious Trumper!!!!
"written in the stars"
-wendy x john legend
it's so dope that you're following fans ,always showing LOVE
the universe is being so kind to me at the moment
Thank you!!!!
I it when has a good ole bicker with you.
I'd love to know is that one of the
If this is you on a - know that absolutely no judgement! Do whatever feels right.
I want one
I LOVE SUPPORT COMEBACK FIGHTING
All the KaSh content.
I LOVE SUPPORT COMEBACK FIGHTING
Me too, Astolfo. Me too...
Bae jinyoung what the
Happy birthday jur!
Accountancy got my heart
Happy birthday to the legend hope you will have an amazing day
Stefani and Bradley
I LOVE ISTANBUL
Happy 4th birthday Stefan
21 October 2014
Ohhh panisss
im taken thanks
He is unbelievable unimaginable incomparable
lol I love everything about this! You all are too cute
Well I love the fact Lisa has liked this free as a bird lady now fly .. we live in a world supposedly of free
Smooth coat Saint Bernard
Swarkles forever.
Jaaaaan bae blessed to have you too love you
Throwback
First to buy on our store gets rewarded
I added a video to a playlist Pyar Kiya To Nibhana status video song Romantic type
grow old with you
Pyar Kiya To Nibhana status video song Romantic type status song 2018..
Aww thank u steph katip sooon plsss? I love n miss u!!
Had a wonderful time celebrating the wedding of Mr & Mrs Tulip
Happy 15th birthday to my beautiful twin girls. Forever in my heart.
Be positive Fighting
I love his new hair color
I do things differently, so I sent a hug in place of a
10 memberships to give away for FULL YEAR at just
Next 10 people only!!
, RT or dm us and get signed
In fairness.Bongga ang airport. at Mactan-Cebu International Airport Terminal 2
Shukria Karachi
Waiting for your decision !
We dance selfie! Happy
Happy Sunday And Congratulations Angel
Welcome back
that is amazing and i am so proud of you
Feeling fresh and all pumped up to serve you this coming week
Call & reserve your tables 022 22880017/ 022
pazarlar
OMG this kid Thank you so much
Thanks boo
Sketch pad good luck
Na feel ko presence mo and enough na yun for me hihihi
Version of & :) Hope u all Love it
ohhh i miss exo so much
Ily too
Freelance Science Assessment Writing with A Pass
Bom dia!
10 memberships to give away for FULL YEAR at just
Next 10 people only!!
, RT or dm us and get signed
Shopee x I2I Philippines Official
I am going to Church just to tell Father God how much I love and appreciate him. I will not be crippled by
Our pictures are lovely
.
I love the beat of Thunderclouds by Sia, Diplo and Labrinth
so beautiful
I'm proud to say that I'm of the limelights here in the Philippines!
Awww my favorite ex-husband . Thank you!! I love you so much too. Come and visit me and your son
My mom still does accompany me for registration.
hi atee , u look gorg af sobrang bait mo ih hehe love u and miss u
No one compares to you no one can win my heart yet
Can't wait to see Deepika and Ranveer dressed up as a bride
just be throwing that
Minnie & Moana loving life
The Monday gap train is rolling into the station
My Life Only SEVENTEEN
advanced birthday gift from adik with a small surprise appearance of love & iman! also, if anyone was at
RJ
the one I should love in this world
Shining me, precious soul of mine
I finally realized so I
Ruskys con flequillo de Chelsea.
life is so good.
Mi viejita
Good evening
Happy birthday to my day 1 wait to see you
Happy birthday hope you have a great day and long life and prosperity
x-men series (2000-)
people will never know anything beyond what they see with their own two
They surely did well!!
DELOS REYES
PERALTA
why so gwapa?
I'M SO EMOTIONAL RN WE MADE IT INDEED! I LOVE ALL MY FELLOW DEEPVEERIANS WE'VE CAME A LONG WAY
Chances are given. how you react to them that counts.
Its been a week since my concert , awww im gonna do some throwback for them and yess few more hours to birthday
hoy yung childhood loveteam ko my nashlene heart
happy birthday gorgeous! Hope you have an amazing day, I love you!
What a crock! continues to be an inspiration and role model for millions. We love her!
James Arthur - Empty space
Legend
Lovely Giveaway
New case
Aw thanks babe
Peek a Boo I see you Rocky2 The Dad's Casa
Still one of my fave broadway songs Happy 15th Wicked The Musical! "For Good" Performed by Kristin
My true love is my daughter
This is
Yes we love him because he is humble
Finally, Alaudin Khilji to lock
Happy birthday yieee 18 na tayu HAHHAA wait to see in stored for you, see u next week
I really love his smile the cutest thing I have ever seen
Cheers bro
20th and 3rd
Belated happy birthday, stay smart & gorg hehe ingat always! Imy
Making a Murderer part 2 and makes me want to go to law school. also on the US gymnasts case makes me love her more
now I'm breathing
Thank you
rt if ur an army and knows how to followback cuz i need moots
goodnight i love you
Such a cutie
Tata ofc
Syet that's my baby dino
Thank you my sister. I ended up talking to my man for awhile and feeling much better.
How are you??
Sim ele ficou maravilhoso
omfg How did I not see this...u are so HOT
aww this is cutee
officially 30 days until !!! Aka the day been dreaming of for a LONG
Fuck with local babes at
cartoon sex videos devon michaels extreme gagging
Happy birthday ily
I NEED YOUR LOVE
I NEED YOUR TIME
WHEN EVERYTHING WAS WRONG
YOU MAKE IT RIGHT
I FEEL SO HIGH
I GOT ALIVE
Thank you for make your Best, you were wonderful.. I love you
Happy Birthday, Take care always and God bless. I love you and I miss you naaa!
George Thorne
Fans for life. Twin Ring Motegi
Jackbum
...
I know Love you, babe!
Damascus
R.I.P Cllr Chohan a wonderful man my thoughts with his family
Thank you, Trelli!! sml for team bogsa heheh
Valentine
This year you're mine fljtfcc!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
and jack love 'em too the way he promote adidas issss
1.5k more guys !!!
Omogosh. Their skirts are back like, omogosh. I'm so happyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
Idk about how to treat a woman but this is how a girl should be treated in bed
Healthy Homemade High-Protein Vegan Nutella -
or RT!
Chui trop heureuse la
Natalia y su Guitarra
Hen Night = Epic Night
Thank u ladies for everything u did and how u made me feel. Love u all
familiar Love ko i feel the same naman po e
Johnny + June =
His bright smile
... The places where always pictured yourself at. a blessing to have you in my life.
Happy Birthday 2/2
baby
Best way to relax after a tiring review class? Watch PVL! Go, Ateneo! Go Creamline! Hi, Ate
Latina.
Who wore it best?
Idk what to tweet, so enjoy this
Kindness matter :) iKON interactions Thank you for posting!!
I felt that bro
Fuck I love Therese so much!!
Sorry ang pababy ko masyado tonight. Anyway, thank youu and I love you so much
For real...THANK YOU.
Pawfect! to all of you.
I'm so sick of this evil that erodes the hearts of my people. Praying for his family
Welcome Liz! So Very Nice!
wow a glimpse of korea
Hahaha
Even though I struggled to open my eyes I loved that feeling of air punching my face = )))))
P.S. same goes for my hair = ))))))
True, he is
I hope you'll finally find happiness
Tell me honestly would you stillll love me the sameeee
my heart
PLS GROW UP NA HAHAHAHA. Thank you, Ela!! labas soon when all free pls huhu imy :< love u!!!
Love By Chance fan project in Myanmar
Highest
Makes me so happy that the twilight films are all on Netflix
These views
cyclic dependency
I would love it if the whole world was one giant cyclic dependency of love.
Ooo I haven't stumbled upon tabu yet. Thanks for the tip! AND THEY GIVE EXAMPLES IN THEIR DOCUMENTATION
This is so beautiful also that hexagon cookies with titles from tracks
Sunday routine: Barbers, shopping, dinner and planning the upcoming week in my favourite hotel. Peace and quiet.
A Back List Gem A marriage of convenience between an infamous earl and the untamed daughter of a duke is
my wild birthday Happy 3rd Birthday Domi, I love you more than I can express. Thank you for being
Crush
This is adorable
Imrul Kayes!
What an innings!
144 Runs
We Sundays
They're the perfect day for getting cosy and relaxing! What are your plans for the
If anyone early in recover needs someone to talk to I am always here
Thank you for this two ugly people who made my night the best one so far HAHHA
Im so sorry, you had to go through that. Drop me a DM if you need someone to talk to
Just what I need to take my mind off things,
Grandad time
45 Tweets Still no reply from you
THE MOVIE-
Way To Vrindavan
Roadtrip After Decade
Em A firm Believer that Happiness makes
People Prettier Its A
You too baby
and RT
my bestfriendmy other half sister my one and only my everythingggg!
Sitting on bed with the windows open, in my underwear, fresh out the shower , moisturized and content. happy
wait for Starbucks toffee nut latte
Baby Sam
Absolutely amazing. Sports are a beautiful thing
My favorite exo song is run
hello po!! thankyou!!
Omg eva this is perfect timing thank you
You are beloved!
Happy birthday to you
Hope to see you somewhere
Che figa
True love do exist . Earlier Virushka now Deepveer.
Congratulations for
They ALL got LOVE for on her birthday have a good one kim
everyone at the teen awards have a fab time!
So inspirational!
TFS!
crying this is my second shiny after shiny Natu will transform this beauty into an awesome
Lucidfoxx now streaming Just Chatting, go show them some love
when i needed it the most
The romantic loyalty film
features the beautiful for
Thank you
SUPER MBS glad to have him , big love
Ay, muchas gracias!!
is that a picture of SpongeBob on your shirt GOOD MORNING
I just bought Staffordshire against the cull a Coffee on Ko-fi! via
i've watched some video clips though, and yes they are the most humble persons i knew
Sin palabras ... Grand Bourg
I love iPhone X with Van on it
"God Gave Me/Us ALDUB "
We Love you both Men and Den
Teaching herself to play Doe a Deer
Put a ring on her
Hellooooooo Nayeon she recognized us. I'm so happy. please come to us
This is the best thing
So Pikachu just made a cameo.
Happy Birthday my love
Aliya
You too sweet
This is perf HAHAHAHAHA
Minha
Happy birthday Carrie
That's why we love red
Morning
Hakunon and tamamo they have a really funny dynamic and most importantly married
Seoul, you have my heart Tonight was one of the most special moments of my life. Thank you - Sarang Hey Yo!
Gorgeous it
YOU ARE THE BEST BUDDY EVER MORE HANGOUTS WITH YOU AND I GET TIRED LISTENING TO YOUR
Glad to see you both had fun!!
I have it too. it!
Thanks for coming !
Loads of right back at the Admin! :))
Valentine
This year you're mine KitJoestar!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Looks lot alike skinny Barry Hussein Obama Go big Ted Cruz
Tots abt gian? Close friend ko hehe chix ni Pete
Hope you feel better
No matter how messy and ugly I look. You make everything else beautiful I love you
love you two forever!
This is the comment that matters the most.
Happy Birthday ,I wish you a bright year like your heart , love u
I challenge you! Send a picture of on your nightstand and tag me! I wanna know what everyone is reading.
main
love you too jinnie you did well my love
Your turn
THE BOOM TRAIN - CHALLENGE
CHALLENGE BET 2 INPLAY -
-
Like and
Shoutout to the people I follow who favourite anime porn so it shows up on my tl without me having to follow hentai accounts
Thanks for coming !
Valentine
This year you're mine Latifah11111!
And you, whom will be yours?
Are you gonna be watching live?
Morning!! Hope you are feeling better!!
Bom dia
naaahhh hinihintay ko si at excited much... Solid Kapuso
Congratulations, I'm so happy for you!
Choose love over and over again.
Good night.
Gracias Faker se agradece mucho
sama sama chill.....hmmm goodluck auna!!
Very good love the baskets your zygopetalum are in
Watching the whole song thinking... soooo handsome Niel
Then ended up laughing when he had to push his tie
awwwwww tiernos
Belated Happy Birthday Hope had an amazing day
Sunday
Pantai Sindu, Sanur, Bali
Romantic g f e
I want to hug all the world
yieee missing my jejes bond soon labyu all
i saw your tweets, be happy no one deserves to be sad thank you kung sino ka man,
Rose message for Lisa
I like natural ~~ For me everything natural is always beautiful
naraid66
epmocokwsyy
Thanks thanks with Magnus' Magnificent Smiley Face my day is sunny I wish you a great day
getting there
Minha amiga me conhece muito bem
Awwieee and I love youuu
Your value does not decrease based on inability to see your worth. you are amazing and
Thankyou for coming !
thanks for the idea babe
cheer up bebe gurl thank you!!
lots of time still girl
Thank you for everything
Thanks Bash
please take care and feeling
One Last Time.
One Big Bite!
Karen's happy 18th bby gurl
I miss my babies
Yoon Bomi and Heo Chan .. may your timeline be blessed by their beauties
just a boy and his guitar giving people what they need
Can't get enough of Studio7.
Still u r a young star how did u get this beauty Trish
Any secret food do u have?
THE LAST TRUMP TRUMPET CALL OF GOD via
first prac na maayos then kumpleto
Modern Talking Brother Louie
Im sure you did great turtle
Beautiful people follow on Instagram..we follow back
Meus presentes de floripa
Sleep well little fella.
Thoughts with his
Viena
Beach day with this bum
Wowkwan
+forehead sehyoon
Creative Natives Madrid
Have fun!
GarciaGmariel26: RT KATHTropaOFC: Happy Birthday IamKristinaSan
bernardokath min_bernardo
Manhattan, my love
a friend you find a second
Voted for VIRAT KOHLI as my
Jana Bankable Player
We our athletes!
Ending the short explorace with a SPLASH!
.
New so sexy
His Hard Work deserves
This is young girl is phenomenal unconditional love and respect right there...
Three great S's!
I fucking love you ye
This is so scary omg!! I hope the three girls who were kidnapped get home safely
Watched Emma OVE ed it
Atty. Ivy in the house
No problem! You should be super proud
Singapore Airports Cactus Garden
Happy birthday Godbless always and goodluck sa studies Wavyuu
everytime i read this it makes me feel so warm in my heart and so proud to be a once
MIREN ESTO Y DENLE UN OSCAR
Es los amo!!!!
IG: outlines_arturo
Bummed I his thyroid pill manosphere textual
I wanna guy friend they seem to always stir you in the right direction
Happy birthday bestie ! I love you
Was good catching up with my family
THANK YOU & for an incredible sold out show last night Very
Bajirao Weds Mastani
congratulations!!
collect beautiful moments
That landing strip though
2 hours away from being you and you were me 2 hours ago SISTERHOOD IS BEAUTIFUL
you are the sweetest
Thanks mate
Happy Birthday Sam Never forget when you ran over to give me your shirt Burnley v
We believe our reach as a Higher Education Centre should go beyond education and we are proud to have had the
Thoughts on LGBTQ and same - sex relationships? keep slaying gays love wins
>< ! !
True
Uyyy. Tripleeeet!! Missing you too! We should hang out soon. Thank you! Lots of love!
Dahlias.
Valentine
This year you're mine heozion!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
This is so cool Action video with your followers as the crusaders I love it
Thanks
Hindi busy si Xian, CCW3, CF tour, hosting and MBPL, very fruitful month of October, may MGI pa sa Myanmar,
Ohhh might watch it later then in a book funk so may look into the book too!
They are creating their own kinds Fairytale..
And such kinda love story brings warmth to my heart....
I'm
Woohee be slaying that bangs
So romantic.
He asked me and I said yes
September 27th
Already done your turn
Ziegler Natta Auss
I already have it downloaded! I love Katy Perry
So proud ! Well done babe
; ; We're so proud of you, fourth ninja! Congratulations on you diploma, baby sis!
Let's get well soon. Both of you take care.
Just an appreciation post of my
Adeleke Sulaimon L
2073576189
UBA we rise by lifting others and you will never
Never think you're too old to hold your Mother's hand Bon Secours Wellness Arena
I can't wait to see their families and friends dance their hearts out..!
Zild ang cute mooo actually cute niyo lahat
Say to Aku cinta kalian..
I was out with Pocket and Lydia the other day and we saw a movie. I can't remember what it was but it was nice hanging out with them again
Thankyou Lord for this baby!
VIVA O PAPAA!
Adult Actresses and their Snapchat accounts. For your... friend... who asked (25 Photos)
How could someone be so precious drinking water?
il nous a notre foufou
Catching up
Watch In Youtube Again
Reach 20 Million Views Faster
Link:
/ |
/ /
/
/_/
In your head and I won't stop
Nouvelle / ancienne photo Dakota avec votre amie Elena en 2015.
Via IG
good night I love Jess
I really miss my grandfather who support me for everything I want. Grandfather be happy there I love you
Voted for VIRAT KOHLI as my Jana Bankable Player
Walk home from work earlier today Some good reflections on the water.... Weymouth, Dorset
Hi, I hope you know how Beautiful You are
Eyy! don't pout yknow my heart can't handle that
kookie
Us PIR class of 2018
good night exo and svt exo-ls and carats, i love y'all
One and only
Char hehe thanks Zanney
Ayyyee ! I approve of this message
For
You know why
UY ANG CUTE!! Kwento soon
Le best
I'M SO HAPPY FOR ALL OF YOU GUYS REALLY THANKS YOU
Couldn't have happened to a better guy! I Kyle Phillips!
This. This was MY growing up. I still adore , all these years later.
20/10/2018
like doing prom photos. I love you dad, always!
yesterday
I love this couple so much
From the soul. Beautifully expressed. Nothing replaces a mother. Big hug for you Phoenix
.@amiipond i hope you have good day!!
Yes yes
Absolutely both
Yariiim
Ehh gojes laaaaaaaa collection baru llisaadamofficial
.
.
Whatsapp 010-8143106.
Whatsapp 010-8143106
.
Love this
D-4
Never gets old
Listen to Ana Bakhaf Min El Commitment by JadaL on
love you for who are!
We Are
Pantai Mertasari Sanur
gonna definitely DM you thank you so much.
Thank you Jennie, i hope you too here streaming and listening
Nothing beats HOME. Thank you, Alden & Maine! Thank you, ADN! You made this girl very happy.
cant wait for watching this bcs of you
congrats on getting married! I wish you a lifetime of happiness.
Happy 18th birthday, wish u all s best. take care & God bless!!
i love you jin take care of yourself!!
time to make a style choice. Comment or to make your of the week! Shop
Her Single Broken Heart was Healing Millions of the Broken Hearts .......!!
Thank you Lord
siya ??? yah siya yung happiness and world ko
Je t'aime fort
Just an appreciation post for my
The girls
Hourly Jonathan
ty for loaning your community homie! they're an epic bunch of individuals!
But GOD looks at the heart
in cinemas this November
-
For
any moment happened to you ? And thank you for being gorgeous in
Heart of men changes everyday but the love Of The Most High Always remains the same
Great shot! So cute! Both of you lol
Trippy is in foster home with one of our members. Her litter box is a shoe box
Loyalty and friendship imagine them penning this together
Opszxc. Try natin. nyo daw. Dalii
back to back aces
mabruuk alfa mabruuk
YENA IS STILL A BABY UWUU
The party was amazing!
The way they still look at each other. happy anniversary!
Nothing ever beats the real
Last 1 na girls! Congratulations Creamline!
Top Spot !!!
thanks, too
What you say matters
What you do matters
What you eat matters
Love you!
I love it so much Its so cute
Off out for hopefully a lovely meal with some good company
HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY SA BASSIST NG BAYAN, God bless you always! TUGTOG NA TAYO ULIT Labyuuuu
Just like I use ponds white beauty for my daily facial routine.
Astrid e
You'll Look Back on the time you saw this post and smile (30 photos)
Arbon
KUR'AN-I
HAHKINDA
NE
TEVRAT'A
AKILALMAZ
Right now, I just need someone
times where you need someone to be there for you that you realise you have nobody to turn to
MashAllah
New IG photo
About last night
.
.
I love this girl sm thank you for dealing with me for so long
Weekends are the best because I get to sleep with my 2 bebes after such a tiring week
Proud of myself today.
so proud of u my lawyer!
grandiosa voz
Happy 18th birthday, wish u all the best. take care & God bless!!
They are creating their own kinda Fairytale..
And such kinda love story brings warmth to my heart....
I'm
Voted for VIRAT KOHLI as my Jana Bankable Player
DilSe
The BIG SHOW 1-4pm with from Pakistan plus
Thankyou for two days
Something Special
I absolutely pushing myself at the gym. But sometimes it works best to roll out of bed & get stronger in my
Stunning shot
been manic since the new menu launch on Friday. Thank you for being patient. Come and
happy for you hun
Congrats!! proud of you, Vanessa
For those who don't Mader Sitang yet, here's a little info about her
She's a 59 year old lawyer in Thailand
This is just GREAT!
maybe it's not my weekend but it's gonna be my year
Another day full of Slimming World inspiration at our 'One Vision' meeting. at Bexleyheath Marriott Hotel
Thank you for the content convo
Sweet
Thank you
.
We Amsterdam
.
GREATEST performace if you ask me:
.
Advice from the
smile at Louden Swain Saturday Night Special Credit: Erin Haggarty
Amen
my all time fav I love you thanks to Jaanu, I'm still in love with may God
Ej mi, hehe
Beautiful view Barbara! Have a great day
ty!
I'm on ep 4 and I'm really liking it
Love people who love their job
Day Well Spent
Hey Howard love you good morning...
WOW. Really these twoooo. See you in a few days.
And what a show it was thanks to for helping to sort. Great show Caro
Hahaha love you Ateee! Bond soon pleaseeeeee!!!
Short but great weekend with bae
congrats luv so proud of you
see you again in 2 weeks
good luck sinyo game sa mnl
We all need a friend like yiEEEe
I could lose everyone. I HAVE lost everyone.. again and again. But still smile each day for as long as I have myself.
+ + =
Piece 1 (silver bracelet) done in the studio! Quick chores break, then back down to work on a custom order
OBRIGADA W KOREA
A beleza de Kim Jongin
I love my fans no matter what but my favorites will always be favorites
It is what actually drew me to Vanity first..it felt like Otalia.
you and joe were incredible last night!! The dance was so moving, Defintely your best one yet
20.10 |
Congrats
Agreed. A 205 done beautifully like a singer would be
That is stunning and what a great tribute
Thank you bebe
I cant leave without eating my tuna sandwich one last time.
goddamn i needed this
bon voyage!!
Jazzie Pulalon - Astrero at Zamboanga International Airport
happy birthday to one of the best woman in the world. Thank you for everything ! I love you
What a beautiful family
t about sj? close ba kayo? di gaano, pero napakawarm-hearted nya & cuteeee
*heart
U're both looking stunning. Loving ur gorgeous sexy booty. Xxx xoxo .
Through ups and downs,
Tag your baba.
We the People Love Trump! Keep Making America Great!
received this notification tysm frealuvph!
Kapoy mag math teacher? Walay kapoy sa Math teacher na inspired.
I love this girl sm thank you for dealing with me for so long
Finally!!!
Thank you USA TODAY Happy Ever After for the review
My fav
Please Share & Spread The Love!
My everything
Je
Congratulations both of you lot's of love
Always worth it
Thank you!
Congratulations my beat I m very happy that you will choose right gay for you. Be happy and keep smiling
I Color field painting
aww and i appreciate you so much keep on understanding and tolerating my typos mwaps
Al wadud. The loving one
a beautiful person who made it even better. Thanks for the love.
Go ate Pam!
Congratulations DP
RETWEET
Patriots Please Join Me
CONGRATULATING
one
New drawing! at
Cher the album "Stars" is one of my favorites, I just bought it CD form, I singing
Guess who is an author nww
Can i ever get prouderr after thisss?
i know she gone be looking so cute!
Baby Ayeisha
give him grand kids...watch him get young the secret to this
Truly.
Scrolling through my timeline says it all.
vibes
REDIGOW KOEE
Trust me, dogs are the real and the bestest friend to be
Thank you Mind The Now (mindanao) Ultimate
I love making memories with you
Swag.....
Keep slaying
Parang simple way of saying im happy you're here, im happy you're making me feel this way, im thankful for this moment, im lucky its you.
F L O W E R
- Tattoo commissions -
&
6 MG 0MG 3MG
Watching NSNI
FamilyTime !
All here are the
Accept those who judge other with their mindset
My winter must-haves:
1. Lots of cocoa butter
2. starbucks(defense, jade-citrus, or mint-majesty tea)
After one intense Friday night, the housemates are feeling the love - tonight at 10pm.
These babies are so precious.
Je
Namaste! Have a Wonderful Week! Happy Sunday to You!
Photo Credit: Marie Jerard
So much respect and love to you both the true value of family. Hope you get to be together as
Thank youuu Sobrang love ko Fam
Are you going to work today? I'll call later so we can talk about next weekend.
aaahhh black cats own my heart
HQ 171110 ALWAYS I YOU
Had to call friend missed you too much
After cargel, binge watching DonKiss. ugh my
yesss! thank youuu
Beautiful day
Thank you so much
No problem dear thanks
omg!! thank u so much to whoever wrote this for me, u literally made my day, i love uuu
Totally awesome.Freedom.
congrats creamlineee!!!
at lunch
Coal Grill & Bar
Mam How was ? Your opinion pls...
Goodmorning << Say it back
I know God has a plan for me. I know he won't let me face anxiety alone bc my God is mighty to save
Happy Pastor's day dad!! at sa lahat din po ng mga pastor!! We love, honor & appreciate you po.
This is beautiful message. Please to watch.
Thank you, Carleyyy
HAHAHAHA bwesit ka i miss you!!
Because he looks pure and nurturing. Something men can learn from
Open day sposa! Wedding look! presso Happy
thoughts abt ethan? da best!! lav ko yan
i love you Jin
Always anytime hun, take care yourself thanks
AstraBahis Inter Milan SKOR
Etiketle Takip Et
but let me tell you something? ! you're really very sweet and a kind soul and yes very precious.
omg i feel the love
this article about social emotional learning & teachers. Trust and collaboration are When there is a lack
i love you
You like the ~ you my
We were meant to be joined by blood, but we chose to be joined by love.
He went for a more natural hair look and loving it and of course our sweety was so
hai syg
Squeezy hugs to you.
Happy birthday gorgeouuuuus
She's playing on his he's playing 2 on her New
hi girl. Ang ganda mo sa icon mo. Pafollowback hihi. Goodluck sa future Ingat and godbless
Hey, Elena!
I followed you recently as for KZK also I got to know you are a part of jndsd fam too so
And also you are
Enjoy your meal and send here anything left
What an awesome group of senior girls! Hope you all had fun last night!
Congrats Jenny
20.10 | jungkook + jikook
Best birthday ever
October 2018.
Not enough violence in my ass.
I love you please stay healthy and take care
You already know
- -
Congratulations to both of you & you guys make a great couple. God bless
Praying for relief for my beloved country
Lovely , both of you!
miss u too huhu hang soon mwaps
Organization for tonight.
BEST FRIENIMIES
THAT'S WHAT I LOVE ABOUT HIM
I know one thing! You bitches gon stop coming to my city , steal my & then leave this some ole bull shit...
Showtime guys!
Fully valeted and now on sale I this car stunning diamond white metallic Pan Roof Huge Spec
You're loosing me...
I swear...
Oh! Happy pill ko talaga 'to e
r u shookt babygirl?
Valentine
This year you're mine Khvwlq!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Congrats, Creamline! It's okay, Lady Eagles
The kirot you feel after seeing your dad for the last time this year. Have a safe flight, Pa. See you on July
My love
Welcome to the black parade na jazz
Happy Sunday! Enjoy your family Pembroke Pines, Florida
that was unexpected and flattered huhu thank you kaayo kris
Cuties!!! Love you both!!!
Good morning and I hope you get well soon.
|| I... also stole this. for one???
Would love to win these VIP tickets pleaseeeeee
Nice one brother!
rooks of the season
Thank you lord
Huge thanks & admiration for & her fellow abseilers! Thank you so much!
Happy bday Ven Godbless! Stay hamis
Sempre apoiar boa sorte
I love this Nicola
Aww thank you!! i see pink but not blue too :-(
My fave weak. Tnx
no one did not gorgeous at all but ur so sweet staphh
Too
Today was awesome
7 years together today sometimes it doesn't feel that long and something it feels like we've always been
Thank u
Awww thanks doll
gusto ko mag camping with hs friends
16 days Vote Republicans only
Just read about your upcoming surgery. Sending love. Do let your fans know if there is anything we can do for you
One of the many reasons I wear a big smile everyday! 'Coz lovin' and keepin' it up
Shhhh. We love u.
First time seeing you in heels
You look nice bro
Too beautiful to be true.. I just Bradley Cooper, Lady Gaga
Eres tan dulce
I kindness!
Wow!
Todo me recuerda a ti
Gotzy is
Dongdaemun History & Culture Park Station
Im contented co'z I have him!
Many Many Congratulations To And God bless Them DK Entertainments Inc
Awapen ne be hihi next week munta ka bale be datang ne i wiron
hi bb
Off to the
Relationship staus:
Committed to inner peace, growth, self-love, and gratitude.
"
means a lot thank you so much praying you meet your faves too
Day 7 : Busan Gamcheon Culture Village
"
Thank you I'm lucky I don't work till later in the day means all I night I can get lost in bts
I'm going to !
I am in love with God's word
Plus those people offering if I needed any help later. Thank you so much
Body & Flow Pilates
Seexxxyyyyyy
tall, talented, thrifty, tremendous, tapat, tagalang, tabait, aww thnc adi
You deserve it ate pam!
Congrats Grandpa!!!
day 10.29 but thinking if my reset his birthday to 11.02 for just skip
A couple years ago with Claire
Bro rock it, kill it and f**k it all and win the game for commoners
get well baby!!!! we love ya
congrats
what a gameeeee!!!
we miss u already on the court! :(
love you guys!!
this dog is just divine. Hope this turns your frown upside down
im sending my deepest condolences to you & your family, i am so sorry:( stay strong
Now available for bookings on
I am absolutely desperate for some cock right now guys! Now
show you how suppose to feel when we meet...
Love you James!
ballgown moment! check out the latest on
Dress
Love namin kayo.
What a beautiful disaster
Y'all deserve to be loved and to be happy
Already done
THIS IS WHAT IT HAS COME
DOWN TO. PLEASE VOTE RED
missin'
Happy birthday Gen Godbless
Lush walk on the beach with the dogs this morning with
I miss this hottie
thank youuu I love you tooo
I'm excited!
Bueatiful as ever
cant wait to see your next art... and their music
Thank you sissy
It will be a wonderful moment. Let us know how it goes
Happy 21st day of October. Happy 6 years and 1 month to my love
Jr Dalangin Manalang for a lifetime
I Nikki Bella, I hope she wins the Raw Championship at
thank you po, ma'am! see you tomorrow po
Yes, they are so cuddly and comforting!
So sad. Sending love x
You all have my prayers.
me: gusto kong pasta.....
tAaaaDaaaaAaaahhhhHhhh tysm thanks to viber & pish na aking mentor, charot
ALMOST THERE!! KEEP STREAMING!
may bebe ako
I love my mom so much and I think she knows how much I do. I have so much respect for the women who gave birth to me
Donate and sponsor my climb up Mount Snowdon, if I raise 200 within a week, I'll run up the mountain.
Bless
thankyou!!!!
tHANK YOU SO MUCH ATE GANDAA!! i love youu
My heart
Me too thank you love you too
I love this girl sm thank you for dealing with me for so long
streaming Now in Gemini tv bag best actress award for movie
My donkiss heart
My heart
Oh already done your turn
To all the bad bay bwoys and bad gyals out there! This is it!
be together
This scene is EVERYTHING
SHE gave her hand to him to fulfill his wish even tho she was shy
I miss this boy Robin.
Congratulations wishing ya all the love haopiness and good luck
What an inspiring woman
FAM!
Nielsung looking good tonight
I'm Great now because I saw u
Latest Stunning Photoshoot Pics of
also sad about shree performance
Like for
Okay now only just seen this and you little cooked bitch looks weird and I love your hair as much as I love you
Wow...., Advance Happy marriage life , Never Ends
PLEASE RT AND LIKE!!!
I got a rt deals with I REALLY NEED UR RT:( i just have 1 week
Thank you for everyone supported JakeHD - I can confirm that the road has ended here.
+= 3 Days To Go
Birthday
Perfect
Hope you all had fun are all very sweet
LIMITED SPACES AVALIABLEYoung person?
Nothing to do in half term?
Love football? Want to get
i just realized that it's monday tomorrow
Dear God, guide me thru this week!
Fighhhhhhhhhhhhhhtttttt!
Meu amor
Nothing good than having my dinner with you today and shared our food yassss thankyou crush !
"I still have you" awwwwww
it feel nice outside, feeling like the holidays
This is beautiful on PJ behalf
Applied for a seller job! Really excited
wow thanks dude i really appreciate it
ExpressionKing.....
I love this girl sm
We are all red blooded Americans
Come Back Soon Please
I find appealing Twitter babeariel_mfc YouTube
loved Thanalakshmi, Jessie & Janu you lived it. more power to you.
VA:
FL:
SD:
RI:
"Through thick and thin, my favorite sword buddy knows
Thank you
Te amoooo
Taking the kids to the park...
Bom dia
Acc ur biggest fan may Allah love you
Love ur hairy pussy....
Mass heard
remember that your unique in your own way po and i hope that you always stay faithful to GOD po Thankss God
Wow been waiting for this thank You
hamilton wins the
19:19
Aha you dummy, you thought you could talk to me rude
Seeing my family today saw the yesterday probably the last time before Italy !
FYI her friends are BLESSED to have her Hissa is an amazing, caring, and beautiful human being but too blind to see it.
r34 is dabest
Fuck with local babes at
dirty porn ginger porn unwanted creampie webcam
got family that are like best friends and friends who are like family, get much better than that
This is one of my fave pics of Graham!!
Eekkkk...waking up to a teenager this am! Seems like just yesterday my first born was brand new.
Big marshmallow
babe
Watch, like, comment and share na!
"Hurt myself again today.. And the worst part is there's no one else to blame "
Love it
Ma Iris
Mama raised an alcoholic
Happy Waking up to content is my favorite thing! Thanks to everyone
Miss my gang and all the antics
Rob Brant showed us what professional boxing means a true legend
MAMAYOSHI SIENDO MAMAYOSHI
they're my ultimate biases :')
there's no need for you to apologize
its google translate that can't translate well
want to be by side but yours.
I love you and Hersh so much Sending all the hugs
Thanks, yen!
She will not be forgotten
Huwaw namern! Lovelots sa aming vice
Thanks for sharing Dana
All of them
I had the same experience.
Ise kehte hai confidence
At least 10
All the best
For the gifts and the calling of God are irrevocable. Glad to serve with these beauties.
When yoo gets yoo's nana fone, yoo can call us!
THANK YOU!! LUVYUTOO! GOODLUCK SA PROJECTS AND EXAMS HEHE
Couple goals
From Alex with love
My man in white..
Un lindo angelito tu wassat
I fell of the bed in my sleep but my friends helped me up
see you tonight!!!! wait
What a complete privilege to have been able to contribute even a few small props for this. Thank you
OBRIGADO MEU AMOOOR
if Nikki wins at evolution I will probably stop watching WWE lol
Luv ya Ronda
and RT
Thankyou GOD .. Thankyou for blessing me, and my loved ones to be on this amazing, beautiful earth you created for us another day
One more day been sober
One more day been strong
One more day been healthy and happy
I'm sober with
I love him so much
this
Sexy mamash!!
Hey girl hope ure well
disgusting, I hope okay
insane! thank you for coming back!
This is really sweet thank you so much!
800 Followers
Thank you
happy birthday to yi Ma man, have a swell day
record her final bows
thankyou!
Sunday with my
Meri Pari khushii
Ty
This is why we have to
Adore her so much!
Tim curry
Happy 18th birthday to my bestie I hope u have the best day ever & get supaaa drunkkkk , to not needing
Wow
You had to run some errands lang, but not ugly.
Dubai a week tomorrow thooooo horny as hell
Off to see ma girlllll wait!!
Please
This is what should be reported every time!
Included mo sakong Once upon a time
So proud of our Crew! Next year babies!
thanks
you've worked hard masternim.. Thank you so much
27 Ekimde havuz sahne de!
cause i love EXO
Taking a lovely lunch break from beldum hunting at Patisserie Valerie, god their cakes are delish.
I am what i am
IKONIC? ARMY?
Mutuals please
Players Coaches
Minha dona
The brembo drilled rotors ...
Eibach pro kit lowering springs ..
Ameo
Be you b
Embodying the TWIA Spirit
The Witty Intrepid Assemblage (TWIA)
Est. 2015
Remember when, I didn't need you. Well I need you now..
Empress of Rainbows,
Emre wish you happy day there I love you very much. My heart U are
got on here to tell u happy birthday one more time lol son son No boutta go to my girl house until like 11 tonight
Thank you
And also those comforting words
thank u ilym
Thank you God for letting me see another week truly grateful & blessed
... I want to be the only one who gets to play with your hair
You are all mine .....
Inspirational Quote
Today I want to share with you something Carrie said about shoes and single women
If
Smp
Just got home from a choir fest. My heart is happy
happy birthday ysab wishing u all the best!! god bless you & take care always
181021
Merci
Best hilo ever
Short, sweet, but most importantly - sincere. Thank you
Que hermoso eres te amo
+2
I used that book for prose in English back in highschool. , such a great book
Thanks so much for this gorgeous pic hope you love your RESET oil with
Fun fact. I want to do this to you
cheer for
Acting is magical...
Change ur look & ur attitude & u can be anyone
.
.
.
my favorite enemy
Soon in luxor
No problem! You've got this
COMELNYAAAA YA TOHANNNN!!!!!
thanks, i love cats so so sooo much
but I don't have any
Obrigada fada
A Lvely art For ur Smiling Star
Art By_
Did u watched this edit ?? Few words about this
Edited
Well deserved
tell me about yourself nalang hehe i love roses
keep voting fam its so satisfying to see na nagjump off tayo from 11th to 5th. Please keep on voting!
a estas duas beldades
17 beijinhos
Follow/RT the the raunchy Red-headed Queen of Tease - the beautiful
Hard work never betrayed pls dont give up
( ig story) After party weu bebe
Thank you for give us awesome performance Jin, our worldwide handsome
Take cate yourself
I LOVE YOU
weh? omg hehehehhehe my ship is sailing
The script
Omg I was there
aawww thank you CJ Take care as well!!
thanks nash! kahit pagod na galing flight go parin sa sm val! thanks for coming here! will watch your movie! kudos!
Boa sorte!
My beautiful little princess!!
Semestral Break starts tomorrow in other schools and the best time to rest, relax and enjoy
1 D A Y T O GO
Not just that we would like to thank our Interact for their help and their dedication
happy birthday richa
I am sorry your not feeling good today Lovely.
day well spent for the Lord!! bukas uli.. :>
Luvssss
Shawn's guitar strap broke and still managed to put on an AMAZING performance x
Had some crazy things to deal with in my life lately, but here..
I want him to be able to brag on me
Masha allh we have such a beautiful nature alhamdulilaah
Great photo of you, petal xx
Don't get it twisted please. I'm your only fav
CONGRAAAATS CCS!
CONGRAAAATS ALEEE!
naraid66
g$tnf%m01n$@
It hits home with me
Meetup is fixed in Chennai. Do come if able
Ahahh
Orange is
hi beb HAHAHAHA i love see you
Most beautiful sisters more beautiful on Fox and friends
there one public school in this country that 1) use some extra love and 2) improve the core
I found some awesome tweets to RT & share with you all.
I hope you enjoy reading them too
Have a great night/day everyone
What a expression
Adorable. EEEE.
"...it always sounds like a boomerang being thrown into space..."
Damien Chazelle talks theremin on podcast
AJ and Free Rocsi and Terrence
Want to read about one of my prized possessions?
Pumpkin Love
Luv na luv q kayooo!
Two days of good job Taeyeon, so proud of you. You amaze me every time you stand on that stage.
coconut trees and sea breeze are my kind of relaxation.
:
Enjoy your Sunday
Don't Shoot for the Stars, Shoot Higher
Sending to all the cast + crew of on their final
It is so lovely to see so much love for this lets be fantastic to eachother.
De ontem
Welcome back! Hope you have a nice rest after a long day
I found happiness, when I stopped comparing myself to other people.
Give it a try.
feeling amazing
So proud
Thanks for the assurance, love. You're the best. pero bat ikaw kahit may errands di ka nagging messy huhu.
Your eyes; my favorite, always.
love your ootd!!
on
my favorite place in the world
sarwendah29 followback kita dong pliss
Right .morning azza cim
supportive friend hahaha
Jerrick&Tracy
10.20.18
moniq_to
xysakresselcortez
Who love a good wedding
forget your wingman this weekend
Willie K... Beautiful . This is the face of lung cancer.
OOOMMMMGGGG shuuucckkkss Awesome shottttt!!!
baby
So sorry
I hear little feet. bbl
Ghad i really love the way Jong sings Weak!
Congratulations po!
wow very very beautiful
Possessive is only 99c for a little while longer! Snag your copy today!!!!
stop. love you and your privileged ass.
That "Babae ako" line made me cry. So proud of her
Teen just finished Great South Run in 84 minutes.
Amen. One of my favorite verses
thank u
Apaixonadaaaa por mim
Sweet Daddy Reeve Thankyou Ms.
Never hate just sit back & wait your turn
I Chaeyoung's narration of the Saida video
ulitan
it's my birthday
Happy birthday to me
Love you
Major und Batou.
sana di naka ma sad dai and always know that you're worth loving. Love you
Oh life my relaxing view this afternoon
Batangas
Happy 1st birthday to my little princess
Real madrid
Liverpool
Netherlands
England
they both need to take care themselvesthey've been work so hard and so triedlove them sooooo much
Chapter 6
DO NOT tell me this adorable. This is literally the best costume Ive ever seen!
Love this
0-3! But nice game, indeed!
Valentine
This year you're mine shnorz!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
nothing sounds better than live music. esp if its freaking nyoy volante!!! huhu pure acoustic opm ughhh
That was genuine human emotions. Obama was a real man with heart.
Love u
Follow back done
Thank you for making me happy
She's very cute
supportive friend hahahaha
has arrived to He surprised me by getting a flight 7 hours earlier than expected!!
AMAZING!
I love MTV worthy series kind of relationships
DTB!
Love you too bby
Congrats Creamline
MUITO
Amei essa
Valentine
This year you're mine Biza_Benn!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Hinnavaru kudhinah verikan kureveyne. Raees ah marhaba
happy birthday pretty !!! stay mabait and kalogin always!! bless uppp
Happy Birthday
I love you!!!
Thank you, my honey bunny sweety potato pie
What a Good Vibes last night Thank you Also thank you to
Many Congratulation to my favorite Couple ever
May god bless u both with happiness & good health
And Nazar
the boys rocking the house always a great show
Double meaning
Wooooo
I am really excited for your book to arrive, have I mentioned that?
Sobrang Cool! Love Studio 7.
Always love your Mother Because you'll never get Another !!
Moms should live forever!
They're just awesome the way they are
Thanks, I would need to finish my cosplay first, but I'd gladly take your offer then
Aw wee Jessica
Don't take it to heart he probably just meant like he just doesn't wanna be known for being the guy from the
I imagine how happy Ranveer is today. i love you boi and thanks for loving our girl this much.
I love this womxn's threads so much
Oh life my relaxing view this afternoon
Batangas
DIRECTIONER DE CORPO E ALMAA
THANK YOU SO MUCH!!! SOLID NIYO ILY
It was worth it. Thank you.
dabest kuya
Hiya Secchi - Keep On Jammin' (feat Orlando Johnson) via
I listened ...I looked ...I them
Happiest of birthdays to !!
Thank you for being so inspirational
helped me become more
Drop a "" if you Love me.
Drop a "" if you Like me.
Drop a "" if you have Crush on me.
Drop a "" if you Enjoy
does anyone have a better quality picture of my icon of mac??
cheer up, lovey
Basic is purity. Basic is utterly beautiful
You're my Rere oppa
Happy birthday
Mamsieeee
22 Delicious Recipes to Make This Fall
Hey booo follow my insta I made a new one cobolaura99
Happy birthday NAked TRuth
Thank you
Loyals, who'd win your heart in this Royal Fight? RT if you're Team Liam and if you're Team
I know the feeling. I deal with anxiety nearly every day and not easy.
No worries, I obviously brag enough Thank you!
I hope u are ok , wish you all the best
Eo Bonde Do Role De Nave
SALAMAT KORINA! thanks for staying w/ me ever since 2016
ugh
BUILDING A GOOD FINANCIAL HOUSE TOWARDS A GOOD LIFE
1. "Plan for your retirement from your first day of
wait to see you in London in December my 3rd year in a row seeing you in concert after
Nighttt we love you too
Til Next Year
"some of god's greatest gifts, are unanswered prayers." Notre
Na-blessed ako Thank you!
All the love in the world for you you know who you are
Thank you
It's a Champagne Adriana Cernanova in the Sky (26 Photos)
| Liam sur le red carpet des (21/10)
(via
The jolly we all know! I am so amazed on how mature you are, feeling ko mas mature ka pa sa
Bida ang saya
I grew up singing Mariah songs, my break up playlist, happy, in love, sad playlist etc etc is all Mariah
Yesssss baby
will you help me spread and come to my wedding September 21.2019?
I think there was at least 1 million there
Got to see Nyrele
Want Some Tips & Tricks To &
We Got You
Join Today -
hi crush yieeeee
So True...
"Love requires the commitment to meet the challenge of dealing with another human being"
Besties
Check deze beauty!
Major throw !!
Found this precious while cleaning up the raddi.
I miss you ICB.
sunnysuleman77
And a lovely time was had by all
I'm calling mommy now, because she is very consequent in kicking my ass the right direction
A day and time well spent with family.
We love you and your arm
+ =
&
loveyu have a great week hehehe luvyutu hehe have a great life
Happy birthday to one of the people I love most in this life!
I love you I will alway love you to the moon
Ach you guys being hapoy makes me happy
because I love you that I needed to expose your dumb ass to the world
Korean rnb is
always remember na beautiful, worth it uyyy thank you!!!
I don't like them as individuals but as a couple, they're Congratulations boro boron I laai
JINU's sending all the aegyo, love and hearts to youuuuuuu
Adorable ...well... and hot
be my fobu in this world full of fubu uyy sama na ko next week hihi
and finally Ranveer is getting his Deepika for real
Congratulations
What a Good Vibes last night Thank you Also thank you
Thank youuu, datsss!! love youuuu too!
FHWP: Future Hindwing Problems -- these bumble butts are THICCer than honey (22 photos)
Thank you for the giveaway No problem! Good luck!
Happy birthday you are amazing person,wishing you lots of happiness and health and love
Fuck a suicide hotline. If you ever feel suicidal, reach out to me. I got you
Aww thank you
I am serious! Do follow first 100 people who like this
Thank you daniiiii I will miss you so much, the best teammates ever
goodluck and God bless bebeeeeee!!
Mama was able to get up with her baby boy, feed him, AND fall back to sleep Every Single Time. This is a huge
Take the time to listen. Nicky spoke from the heart and held the whole audiences attention
Love in Silence,Let your Wedding Card make noise to the
Me I would!
happy birthday i love youuu
Yho this is beautiful
I'm so excited to overcome heartbreak and sadness na. I hope I become truly happy na soon
ifb, just this comment
Leeds
HAPPY BIRTHDAY B.M, luv yaa
Bonde do beco kkk amo vcs
do you love me?
Miss you na, hope you'll comeback here in Iloilo! Loveyou!
look at this dorky dood look at how good he looks in red hair on point, lip colour on point, hair messy but
Yes!
I liked a video YouTube Silver Play Button Award | Thank You | YouTube 100,000 Subscribers
Happy Birthday to little sister!
Jurong Sikhs
oo nga eh. same to you
Thank you
Eighteen
Those lights go 20K deep. Ayo's
Thank you
most shiny beldum caught
ELEANOR
Gotta watch at least 10 times a day for self-love
Register 100% FREE BEAUTY BABES ONLINE
FOLLOW
this movie is my mega millions jackpot
"Feeling, like I'm touching the ceiling, when I'm with you I can't breathe. Boy, you do something to me"
Good night teacher ji
Thank You God For Another Day
Client work (@twoodruff66)
Support please
Likes and RT are always appreciated
It was honestly fun making this
sister One word about sister
But I love chin tho
Actually I love pretty much everything about him
Happy birthday jayetee I love you cousin!
Good one
Yesterday night was amazing
Thanks to
and M.i.l.k
We had a lot of fun !!
Especially sheldon
AwwSayu back with edits
only a few appreciate what is love so happy favorite mo din yung what is love
Good morning, Gal!
14.11.2018
The boys I love
Same here, my dear!
Death is sitting on our shoulder and time is
Thank you for the donation a project the young people loved in remembrance for a staff member
.. .. .. ..
My happy place
Congratulations Sam & Anne Mangubat! See you on Grand finals!
congrats to both of you , Finally you guy's are getting married nothing can be more beautiful than this
kinsa imong crush ron? What section? Si - - - - - - from responsibility
Les be friends then? Hihihi
My 6 year old niece gave me this on my birthday and the dress looks familiar
Hugs sent for you all. God bless
Chivettes bored at work (32 Photos)
Thank you
MENG!!!! THANK YOU THANK YOU!!!
So amazing! Thanks for this beautiful keychain
I adore you too
Nothing is the CUTEST
Our home is coming along nicely
Congratulations
Happy married life you both
RoboCop (1987)
(@ Caribou Coffee in Kuwait)
is a dream what a beautiful dance, so elegant! That dress was out of this world!
find your tribe & love them hard.
a thread
This barakada believes that communication is key
So ayun. We scheduled a night for total realness.
So incredibly sorry! If anything I can do please let me know
Thank you Meng and Alden I you mga mahaaal!! HANGGANG DULO!
I know... and I have many times!! So true
syempre bukas at lunch time, before the last subject, dun na ko gagawa ng assignment para dun and that's time management
Auch my heart
When memories pop up
My beautiful Mama and I think we are so alike on this pic
?
Mera b 2.5 GPA chal raha hai...big thanks to my teacher, my university, management, parents, dost ehbab...i love you guys
Its been a long time since this happened
About
Unnie xinh
- Cre:
Pussy is pretty
They are beautiful girls on this twitter walai
Waking up in Va with my lil bae bae & my best friend & MY DADDY !!! Feels like home My little heart is happy
she really look so sad and tired sigh please get well soon joy
Everyone is a libra
i miss you,
WOW
Beautiful baby girl
Me neither
Happy 14th birthday to my dynamite daughter, Hayden Grace! been a beautiful gift and we believe in you.
Another day to cherish
Twitter + IG
i miss and love you so much baby hope you're feeling better. rest a lot!
...
3 more weeks till so..
"A perfect fansupport for iKON this coming 11.11.18"
with
Sobre ontem sei sentir amor
so lovely out today
love this
Oh, I love that book
late blooming 18
10.21
Check out this video for full transformation new look of my hair by samanare.su4
Loved the look
Cry me a river feels.... Stuffs like these relive my inner peace
181021
happy birthday doll! Hope you have a lovely day!!!
we miss you hope you're better
sexy black
^^
siyempre ship ko kayo eh hihi senior high here hMMMMMM WHO IZ DIS HAHAHAHA
Good morning hun yes, I can take on the world today!!!
Sorte a minha
Anny Martins
The Afar Memory Aisayita is relatively the greenest woreda in Afar because of Awash river. These people are the
Gwapooo
I got to meet my Captain!
Im sure about it. U r my euphoria
One fucking week to go leave ko na. Yey! I love you, bed.
Yesss..they're so pure TpT
Thank you do much
Delhi Diaries
this is funny, but i love these people
hi love
Perrie sweetie your doing amazing am surpised their stylist didn't try and give her a tragic outfits that's
Is she a HERO fairy? I love this so much.
Only fools do what I do
Only fools fall
Troye sivan
Had such a great time celebrating Dee wedding yesterday she looked beautiful and so happy
Atlast got Thalaivar dharisan aft days such a Masterpiece movie n evry1 give their
it kind of amazing how a person who was once a stranger, can suddenly, without warning, mean the entire world to youuuu
QLKFDBDKSJDOSJDHSKD A VLIVE IN PARIS I'M SO HAPPY
I created a new account just in case
181021
check this out.
Ma photographe
i know, thank you
I love you
Te
Amo
Happy berth day noura I wish that you got a cool years in your life and you will have a great years in your new year
The best is yet to come
Chris Banchero
Aww oh my, thank you so much!! i am so very thankful for you thank you for sharing!!!
I find appealing Twitter babeariel_mfc YouTube
Good food, good people, good life
LETS TRY ANAL
Oh my gosh Olivia I'm so sorry, sending you so much love right now
Dear Future Husband,
I don't want you to tell me your favorites, I want to figure them out as we go.
Your
.
Supplication to make the
difficult easy.
Beto = Hope
Did u watched this edit ?? Few words about this
Edited
15 da Tha
Liberians are top 2 best cooks in Africa and they number 2
Haah hehehehe thankyou dars tahun ni asher asher je
i love you too!!!
On October 21 our General! Our Princess was born! No one is ever really gone!
The only opinion about your dream that counts is yours
See u sa next work natin sa comelec tee
Arsenal tomorrow
Sis
CTKP-IYM 35
IF YOU STILL COOK SUNDAY DINNER MOMMA RAISED YOU
Twitter c'est magique
As always is amazing on
I think the day I meet you will be the best day of my life
My Michonne
No better version than you
Be strong sis. Hugs and kisses
Watching & discussing "Picking up girls at the gym"
Like if active right now!
Congratulations you twoooo! And also for Kensli! Much
A day to remember
9-1-2018
Amen
tutup guna concealer and tepek blusher thanks iman
my
What a reaction. Our manager
Welcome home Leah
Happy birthday hope you have an amazing day! You deserve the world.
unexpected friendship are the best ones
So excited about Danny and the great work that is doing
Omg Congratulations!
CAMILA TE AMOOO
What a lovely celebration! Family Squad
Thank u cousin
I'm waiting for it
Okay now really jealous haha I love squirrels
Got my TATA
Thanks kak for buying my TATA and this souvenir from Korea also
JFINEX FAM SEM-ENDER!!
Love u!!!
It's ironic how doing nothing with that special person feels like a well day spent.
PRETTY BOY
Love love love this!
si anche io
Send motivation
guys, any kdrama reco? was thinking of watching some to keep me busy during weekends. pls recommend good dramas
Sundate with Babe
Buona domenica
hehehe okay rebekah mini i love you too bb
The best
When you have an amazing team behind you
6 fantastic seasons of this brilliant show
so hard to say my top 3 because I love them all equally but I go with Haechan Doyoung
Running in Remembrance!
even notice I hit 50 subs on YouTube thanks everyone
Hey
She's always be my favourite one forever
Just Love this darling.
So so cute. What a lovely message.
Salvaram meu fds.
Please
Pf ako cemo tako Thierry Henry
The best times of my life I will never forget
2 cuties!
El que nos pegamos con mi ayer
I love this....and YOU! You are beautiful
EXO 'LOVE ME RIGHT' MV
99,642,898 views.
Goal 100M [-357,102 views]
so precious to have parents
Natalie Portman For more sexy pics
wow nice to see all ur fav are from ahad raza mir
"Biwa Soft" was very delicious
Laughter is one of my favorite emotions
happy birthday love
Happy Birthday Queen
ILYSM
Buzzing out my fat head
Got to them polls
2 new sheep additions to the bottom of our garden. my buds these are
Love you too!
good luck baby
the engagement and interaction. Great leadership by the teacher.
My halloween costume last year
From London with love
Check out this video for full transformation new look of my hair by
Loved the look
Marvel Marathon is
BOOOOOOOOM BET 2 LANDS
Like & RT if you were on and want Bet 3!
naraid66
yyn1wfqauout
Happy birthday
Wtf men but also
THATS MY GIRLLL!!
gah thank you i really appreciate it :((
Boss Deanna VS Mareng Jema.
credits to
I wait to have a son, this was funny asl
Mission done! Thanks G!
Mam which is ur fav movie with
Happy birthday gorgeous!
to Summer Time Ball
Awwwwww one of my favorite people miss you
SO HANDSOME I LOVE YOU
Heartiest congratulations to and Best wishes on the new chapter of your lives
I believe
Vale a Pena!
Kkk
the realest nigga on earth* ahah, i love you Bro
Never too dark for me :3
Alright thanks again
to be human is to love
iKONIC YALL AMAZING LETS GET IT
Days gone by....
We Blackpool
Have a restful Sunday everyone, open all day if you get any fish n chip cravings !!
Eh baby baru sobella
That comfort makes me cry at their growth and how long they have come together in their relationship
Share Please if you like it
Leave your notes (it's important to me)
Any suggestions
Did we chat on Now we can chat again on Check out our new Discord
I'm so happy you have this relationship with her treasure it :")
Well goodbye to you
Not sure what done but okay
Jin and Zoboomafoo
"Kill'm with kindness"
We feel lost in this couple.
Love them so much
Oxford treated me well (imagine me carrying this around the city )
Always remember this be their voice
peace be with y'all
Over 1000 songs now
In loveeee
Bonjour l'ami bon dimanche mes followers
Have A Blessed Sunday Everyone
so cornyy sonn I be soo happy when I get a text from that certain someone butterflies and shittt UGHHHH hate that feeling
Wow they fought? A rematch would be hot especially with hairpulling
Bye bye Mac Unna Mari neraya peruku Twitter vara vechu atharvalithu life settle
Tamang shot lang.
God is
I'm running to the one Who will never leave me nor forsake me and love me unconditionally
Joyeux Anniversaire
Kat is amazing & she came to as well
Thank you for following me! Hella cool boi!
Awww thank you! loved this incredible man for twenty one years. the blessing of my life. Truly.
scott morgan, Thanks for the follow and please feel free to RT and our pictures.
Festinha q foi legal
Thank you San Antonio, Texas! I my fans and your support means the world!! Just a Guitar
Happy birthday
You've worked hard thank you
Hello Annie, ah yes that's still very hot Here it's sunny but quite fresh, only
Thank you TWS for sponsoring ladies from Rise Up Single Mom to attend this MUCH NEEDED event! This event
Bestfriend appreciation tweet.
Does nayan spoke to you after watching 96 ?? What she told ??
Thank God For waking me up This morning
puppy pampering day!! Come on out and support an amazing cause
see you again next year hopefully hahahuhu
She looks lovely.
Check them so talented, beautiful and very funny ! Hit you with that ddu du ddu du !
how are you domingo? How is your sunday? Miss you
This chip shop has been feeding the every night for the past 10 years
This is just so amazing, if
Leroy Sane outplayed himself Yesterday..
Best man. See why i love you
I WANT UWU
How to start a friendship w/ me
Im in love with my new bedroom's curtain
Mi
Bateu uma sdds
such a fangirl, this precious bean !
griezmann
Spotted out and about in Paris getting around this week!
Aaaaw so NMAT pala awhile ago. To the future doctors, don't let your scores define you. Those numbers won't
hi gab I'm always here for youuuu, gluck wt everything -m hi thank u so much this means a lot :( gluck w
Insert: Me and Papa
thank you
KEEP STREAMING VAMPZ
181021
My peperoni cheese bread I had for dinner, that I recycled into my breakfast frittata! The only thing that
Meet Callie - the newest addition to the family
GIRLLLLL ME TOOOO
reformist 0506 021 13 43 adana escort adan fidan sutyen
Kadugyutan lvl999999
Pretty smiles and picture moments
My favorite running partner.
Centre Avenir Centre
Goodmorning
happy birthday to my little egg, hope you liked your presents, have a amazing day , love you loads
I could live with that view
Purdue thrashing OSU makes my weekend
Every time you and Dianne never fail to impress me with your brilliant dances, soo proud of you!!
my definition of love. You will forever be my always
Memories till standard 10th. Nostalgia
Followed
Makikita ko din to for real after 6 years!
Piscine, sweet potato fries, and a big catchup with LJ had worse starts to the week
Queen
Those conversations you skip sleep for.
Tinolang Manok
I love your edits zainaab You are so talented MaShaAllah
signing off a tweet with Mar is the most unexpectedly hilarious thing seen on Twitter in a long time!
Inplay football
Georgia
1u stake
if you are on
Sergio Ramos & Pilar Rubio
Thank you sirrrr hihi
Aren't you the sweetest
This made my day
The true story was so tragic. I the film. I've never taken a cruise. To see what it looks like
I absolutely love F&P!!!! The Continuum is by far my most used resource
Such a sweet song
Check this hot lady
&
I love sucking dick
.
.
.
Day6 - Shoot Me
nice dating a gentleman. After a night out in heels I get a foot massage when we get home.
and RT
Light focus cam by Web Daily!
Send and comment with
I this X infinity!!
from - Some positivity
An elementary school surprised
How are you doing ? How is you sunday? Miss you
Home sweet home
Ramen for dinner
a true Disney princess
THE EARRINGS
I NEED SOME NEW ACCOUNTS TO FOLLOW ON INSTAGRAM!
Please share your link below & RT to share the for all the
In Love with this Place
CHICOS YA HA APARECIDO EL PERRITO, TODO SE HA QUEDADO EN UN SUSTO. MUCHISIMAS GRACIAS A TODOS
Spellbound by Shivangi's last night look. How enthral she was in pretty pink lehnga
Hey beautiful please post
Old home for 4 year olds is breaking my heart, such a lovely show
Astro
Victoria Key
BTS
Well Yeah
So cute
Nice win Creamline! Bawi tayo next week Ateneo!
Moscow ficou coisa linda"
I miss you too love
Missing you always love you
Hi RIE how are you ?
Retrogaming Memory!
Title: Thrust
Publisher: Superior Software
Version: BBC Micro
Year: 1986
I liked a video NAG SHOOTING! WOW! FEELING ARTISTA! | rhazevlogs
So beautiful my love
RETWEET and LIKE this
FOLLOW all that LIKE & RETWEET
FOLLOW
I love this lil' bug
HAPPY DAY
We LOVE Vero & Antonia
HAHAHAHAHA dili mi clingy.
Missing these bunch
Every lakeshore community needs a pier like that
thank you
home, godbless u all hehe
In my top 10 fave songs
pls send location
Is smile mein kick hai! Thank you so much for filling colors in my gray life .
My continue source of
0506 021 13 43 adana escort eme
steno 0506 021 13 43 adana
I the Paint Format (Paint Roller) Tool! Did you know that it works in to match formatting across
Behind your smile
Sweetness I crave
Taste of your lips
Favorite addiction
Tonight!
181021 Golden Night in Taipei Preview 2
hi, sweetheart! Welcome to CSU. Tiffany Unnie here at your service. Enjoy, and have fun!
1 anno come Te nessuno Mai !
Going full red
Official Announcement.
Ranveer Singh and Deepika Padukone to get married on 14th and 15th of November 2018
You two are such dorks HAHAHAHA god we love you so much
Im almost in dead battery.....
Goodnight loves
Hoje eu to te amarelo
3 hours more for the settlement..
Come Ajithians..
Show our mass
Make way for the king
Believe in yourself & what capable of achieving
One word about
Here I am but further tagging
Super bait mo HAHA tyy
I love hyping up my twitter girls you know who you are
The Afar Memory Aisayita is relatively the greenest woreda in Afar because of Awash river. These people are the
The Routemaster!
Winter Is Here | Chill & Positive Stream ^_^ Say "Hi" In chat !
Link is in biography or..
thankyou
Puh.
I like your profile picture
Oh
Saidinha de ontem
Look at my sweet, precious baby boy having fun on stage!
Bunny Boy dont Do Remake
Meu brotherzinho
Wow What a Great news Is Back for Public Diamond 24th to 28th October
happy birthday sweetheart
This is a true hero
3rd time to see a star is born
I just love Oisin Murphy I pronounce his name or even spell it without at least 3
My beauty
Thank you
Feliz
Follow this wonderful soul
Everyone is loving this TOP
Search* BOW PEEP
I added a video to a playlist Animation Movie Compilation Funny Memorable
Wooooh. God bless gid nang!
I this!
CLICK
ready only scary movie I love
This is so cute
One step at a time! Let's go and make our future self proud!
I U din po..charrr
Thank you x
Ur only happy coz the wains are back at school the morra lol xxxx
Grabe talaga si universe no
What a Good Vibes last night Thank you Also thank you
Thank u boss peter! Shoot VERY soon
DONT STOP
Again....
i love you
Figurati
I love to see him past, now and future.. instagram :
??
( )
Noted
seeing each other often pero not na masyado tan huntu, but u'll always be my bff
Happy birthday glase!
Celebrities pouring their love for and on Instagram
jgh from the island of gigantes with the malbas fam!!
the small things
Diploma for them Next, a Degree for them inshaAllah
Almost Monday! Can't wait
Seguramente
Third frame sakuthandi
sjsjs thank you so much darlin
Thank you
so incredibly proud of you
love you and Alden
love you always. thank you for coming home to us!
Wow! Amazing replies by sir. just Loved it.
Ajay Kumar Thakur Bhai...
so strong, i really admire you!!
your favorite memory from this song? be reading all the
In only one
I NEED THIS!! good job guys making more than an effort. Goodluck w everything I wish you nothing but
There had been no Gala player who pronounced Galatasaray as good as Brad did.
Thank you I hope you get to see them soon
Be ready guys to show our love to
Lets show the power of
Start Saving drafts
Yung chill chill lang si Mother Es.
Munich!
you always own me no matter what, i love you.
The Brighton difference!
En 2019 bb
I love you
Jenny and Abe are a mess
a photo of pure joy and happiness.
Playing in my hometown is always a special one Thank you & for having
Same here!!! I think we were both still studying when we last saw each other
Suprisingly, this show
Double Tap
shop link
Sedap, murah berbaloi guys
My unfollow doesn't even take you back down to 24,999! LOOKS STABLE BOIS Kappa
Thank You Lord
Valentine
This year you're mine evanlost1!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Valentine
This year you're mine lANGELl0!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Cute Mummy and me moment -
this - super job Blake!!
I find appealing Twitter babeariel_mfc YouTube
Me and My Homegirl So Locked In I Love This Girl Dog
I dogs
It's the least I can do sweetie
Loved the and jake series. I finally found people who say "like" more that I do.
Tomorrow is Monday again I had a great weekend tho
Click (del if flopppp zZzz)
Please RT my pinned, just to put a smile on someone's face
Demasiada belleza
Happy birthday & god blessed you both
Sugarol by Maris
Big thanks to mai_foto for such a beautiful pictures
You are a warrior thank you for sharing!
Er Rezzak (Celle
OMG!!
Text/DM me some pictures when you are finished!!!
I am so excited to see IRL Ochako!!
congrats
The latest The I Love Mascara Daily!
Loved the weekend mate like being in the Caribbean, back to reality in Newcastle! See you soon
cute boi
Beautiful!!!! Hard work pays off
Just catching up with & tv legend should totally be on every week for diversity & lols
Don't listen to em bb
u got dis but don't overwork yourself
Joe via Instagram story
i feel so weak lee chan ur my baby but (lol he's 2 years older than me)
Thanks
I fil you have got a beauiful face
I love you in gad so much eny things you can doit Thanks
Thanks, my constant thing huhu
I just love you from the bottom of my heart Thanks G!!!
terhis edilmek 0506 713 53 90 SEKS
in Australia mate, use kilograms that a real man
Awesome job though
Good luck for us
Read my DM
RED all the way
Awwee. My heart. The heavens are rejoicing.
my baby
look enjoying horeeey!!! thank you for visiting samal island!! (especially Pearl Farm)
on the choreography
all day with them
Meh my fave
no matter how much I'm with my baby I always miss him when I'm not with him
Hehehe
Originals winter collection
Ladies click
Gentlemen comment
Me And My Wife
Jgh.
See you soon my hometown
Sona
Thanks to the both of you
kokkorni
Mr. Mehdi Honardoost hugged me, kissed my forehead and gave lot of prayers
This is what i do when i'm so stressed. Thank you for everything bebs. I love you so much
Our happy
my favourite forever
Rocking, Romantic couple
Love you
What they're both bi ? where have i been ?
About last night.
was spectacular! Congratulations and to the entire team who made the
Lovely pic
cold then my heart out there
Your always be my happy pill
Omg I love hearing you sing a capella, please post more
Homecoming 2018
Congratulations
Lots of love
Thank you sir again, forever
hala ang bilis HAHAHAHAHA AYIEEEEE! love you Ivs
I'm so glad he's been found alive
My baby says Good morning!! Hope all have wonderful day
Athletes! You are all incredible and amazing! to you all! Thanks Prince Harry for
5.2M followers for ...
Congrats na
EXO NCT GOT7 BTS Sehun, Donghae et Taeyong
Seeing this poster along with so many talented artists it's so emotional see you soon. Please pop ocer and say
Happy Birthay to the prettiest yet humblest friend I know. Wishing you all the best,
Wind, sand, moon, clouds and stars.
Totally enjoying
Happy Birthay to the prettiest yet humblest friend I know. Wishing you all the best,
Husband and Wife very soon!
jah bless, goodnight
Venedig
Bonjour l'ami bon dimanche mes followers
Go follow him so he can get to 50 followers! Only a few off
A minha molecaa.
SUNDAY FACE THREAD
Reply this tweet with just your face, let's see your awesomeness.
Pass it on!
Hours sweetheart love you so much
Trust and listen to TAEYEON
Long Island Coalition Against Bullying 5th Anniversary Gala Woodside Acres Golf &
nakooo see you soonest!! hmp heal your heart
You're out there already! May our moms never speak. Actually they probably should and form some kind of support group.
my heart thank youuuu. i love you too, Aika!
thx dave
Gub.a mi siquijor
Official Announcement.
Ranveer Singh and Deepika Padukone to get married on 14th and 15th of November, 2018
Had a lovely time celebrating with these wonderful people yesterday
Wow! Amazing replies by sir. just Loved it.
Ajay Kumar Thakur Bhai...
You look like his brother
Buen domingo
I love that the only time people actually have the guts to bombard me with mean comments is when they're anonymous. It's cute.
Unc Shay Sharpe is the best
You're still in my dream
At the End, its You and "tea"
Find people who support and encourage you no matter what! Surround yourself with those people.
M E R C I
Aaltogirls in fresh air.
WELLCUM PROMO
From 22nd of Oct. till the 14th of Nov.
Visit us in three pay only 70 instead of 85
FAM!!
thank you pare!
My design about my major Environment Technology Management (ETM) KUNIV
Topic (water is life)
Thank you. Love you .
Yes please! FUSION
Alright.
I've been here since pokemon go and I'm so grateful that i found your channel!
5sos or Shawn mendes
you and this xx
hermosooo, espero y sean muy felices
Special one!
Thank you so much Baby G
This is how I look..When I feel beautiful from inside..
You look like her brother
Had a dream that it was all better.
Happy birthday to the queen, the legend, the pupu itta turned 19 today and honestly deserves a fucking medal
Time to get 3 degrees hotter Doctorate (in progress)
A day with love
(pic not mine)
Happy birthday! May Allah bless u
2nd placerrrr
BOOOOOM!
Empoli Double chance
Hit like if you was on
Join us on Betbull
so blessed to have you tita jaq!! super love ka namin ng pamilitres
Let me appreciate my skin before I put on make up .
Thank you for behaving
Wherever the art of medicine is loved ...their is also a love of humanity
Thank you
obg bb,tem gent q n conhece nois mais conveniente q qm conhece
tannan kabus 0506 713 53 90 SEKS
eh.. kk tak done. im never done with stnrfzlh
Thankyou
"Heading back to seoul after hearing the voices we want to hear"
This is the voices they love the most
another guessing game!!
CAN YOU GUESS WHO IS THIS MEMBER???
I NEED YOUR OPINIONS AGAIN! THANK YOUR
So glad enjoying yourself b. Sending you love You lived without them before, you can do it again
ily queenie
Oslo! Thank you
Really Really is still the Queen
Feliz
When your dreams come true Moscow
God how we miss this lad!
Wish u a happy wedding life ahead Ram
Valentine
This year you're mine smolandmenace!
And you, whom will be yours?
Nope, on. you and yours but for the duration of the Series, Wally is fair game. Gotta rile up the boys in blue!
188 you are the best rest well oppa, eat well,good luck in whatever you do good night
VA:
FL:
SD:
RI:
"Look, I uh... Appreciate the profession a lot. But
Bonjour bises bon dimanche mes followers
Thank you bebe
Well I love you to everywhere and back a million times forever Vanilla Cupcake Bakery Trinoma
Oh I know! I just meant - I wish there was more I could do. Just know you're not alone and you don't deserve this.
Gracias
naraid66
$%#%zklyw1le
your song is super energetic Punjabi number. Loving every bit of it. What a beautiful voice you have !!
I hope you guys are sleeping love you Jin
Yogurt
Congratulations TJ
I love you my dear. enjoy your time
Oh damn
We love ate!
Who was,and is, and evermore shall be!
already do fantastic Thank you James
Aww Bucky...so wide eyed and full of wonder
I LOVE YOU SEOKJIN
72 Amazing Human Brain Facts (Based on the Latest Science)
Good morning, especially this particular lioness.
Ain't it the truth!
Yes same to you darling !!
Without u we r nothing
supportive members
Malandi pero sakin lang HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Wow! Thank you for loving the people here in the Philippines, Mader Sitang. You are so amazing.
My mate nice to have the old cook back
Barbecue tsaka bibingka for tonight's snacks yieehh lavvettt
dia do treinamento
Amen! Hope you have a wonderful day! Hugs
The egyptian king
I love you so much
Taking a walk in Edinburgh
I dont know but i feel it, weight loss
awwwww Frank! we love you
Do not put other women down, lift them up and take them with you to the top
nash why u like that
Amo
"Can we still be friends?" -"different is good"
Found it with
EVOLUTION IS A WEEK FROM TODAY
I love you, Jin
:<
thanks i love you
Good evening, and thank you for your words also your cake. You're such a sweetheart too. I'm soft rn.
I'm very sorry Erika :<< Labyu
We proud of you
Meu amor todinho
Mashallah he is looking so happy
Hope u will recover soon & surgery was minor
My dance team yesterday.
Goodmorning
Thank you to these lovely people in my life.
.
What about ur marriage mam ??...
Rdaita fdaitk
The parents are in Durham for the weekend taking 20yo and my niece out for lunch
Essa Ashley kkkkk
She did it! She proposed! She said yes! Yaaassss!! Congratulations!
Pas mau bales eh lagi no mt, jadi..
Haii Neeya, Becca, Nana
Be prepared
Mas cute ka ate... yie HAHAHA thank you po!!
You are so sweet & I adore you!! Thanks so much for coming!!
The & need to see this
i know loads of people say they hate sundays but honestly one of my favourite days of the week
Hi
I love your illustrations.
Where can I buy them?
Congratulations Italo Ferreira
I love you & love how you're so energetic and speak your mind lol like me sis you PRECIOUS bean
Congratulations ! !! So happy for you both my love angels
Trop mignonne
If u don't know what to listen I recommend u
He's really good
Finally
The fault in our Namjoon
Congratulations Deepu
Sath hi bht sy lrkon ke armanon pr pani phairta va
Love it yo Adrian!!
Enjoying the sunshine and surroundings
You better do it!
A Back List Gem SILVER ENCHANTRESS by Drake and Eileen will risk everything, even life
{21.10.2018} Book Fair - Hideko_Sunshine Writer
uff fronti
gotta work ill be back later, Ttyl.
We LOVE in - Ace coffee (and tea!), delicious sandwiches, and it's doggy friendly!
What a cutie boy
In the mornings when I wake up before Zack, I hold him closer and cherish how precious he is when not running his mouth
in the 305 bitches treat me like in uncle luke
fries are the best
Happy belated darling sorry i missef it honestly been so busy with rehearsals. You beautiful soul
ki
We missed you
this is until friday only, order yours now
with pasabuy of ikon's old albums and dvds on the 3rd section of
I told u before that u are my paradise , and I will keep telling you that everyday
I'm very sorry Erika :<< Labyu
wait for mine
Dear Tweeps
Lets Grow our accounts together and build an online community
Retweet fast
Follow all RTs
An Angel attacks with her fellow Angels
girls supporting girls right there
I miss the view of pagi pagi lepas fall in then walked to class ..
Momentos
" And they are the hope I have the only thing I know that's keeping me alive"
Honestly where would we be without those Facebook pages that are oddly fucking specific about their posts
I added a video to a playlist SUPERHERO BABIES PLAYING WITH BUBBLES SUPERHERO BABIES PLAY DOH
Two of the finest people on this earth are set to wed, my heart is so full for these two
Say Yes to Tess Jantschek (25 Photos)
Wonderful love
Family means putting your arms around each other and being there...
sooyeon_fashion: RT Selitung: 181021 Golden Night in Taipei Preview 2
A Plushie For Each Of Them [Hyouka] Find more and related at Anime Lovers WorldWide
we got married!! Perfect day from start to finish!
you're the best thing happened in my life. I love you always and forever
8 Letter, by Such a great song.
Deus me deu
memory
R-Type / Irem / 1987
You are the best
RT Adorable my baby watching tv with Minnie while I clean house ready for birthday tomorrow
Finally happening
Thanks for your hardwork master-nim!!! You've worked hard (as always)
opx last daaaay HAHAHAHAH Thank you G!
Today is the day of the most beautiful person in the world. Happy Birthday my love.
you guys are as shining as the lamp now, but you guys will shine brighter than it soon
Mi amigo David listo para halloween My little friend David is ready for halloween
Hemsworth
now no need to admire kolly-duck couple we have ranveer and deepika now
Jgh. Congrats Amoranto Team!! 2 wins
I love the water sounds in Cindi's songs. Can't Live Without Your Love, Sally Ride, Don't Judge Me.
Also I
Getting ready for church
Hours sweetie
I love you too babe
Ah, happy birthday to your pa
A man like this
My MBBC Gurls Such a lovely night. Everyone looked gorgeous. SO much effort put in by everyone.
lisa has always been beautiful and she just keeps on glowing
She had me at Hello
Love this song
Hello one eye
pakabait ka sa newfriends mo loveyou
Nice meeting you po hope to see u ulit soon
Only You Jesus can satisfy me.
Happy birthday, Carrie.
Oh yes my Daddy that
Ahh yes!!!!
Their picture became my phone wallpaper
you always give your best and you're always doing great do not doubt yourself taeil
Worldwide handsome
Just came out of church
WAHHHHH NAAALAA KO YUNG STANDEE NIII YEONWOOO SA 2ND PIC MERON AKOOO
I stan the right woman
thank you
please just tonight do not ruin my night world, just tonight
thank you Sisanda
Mr. Shatta Wale
Your level pass Africa.
Force toi bg
Your book is wonderful
Akhirnya meetup yaa sist
You can find true Love through 4 Paws
Right
Thank you, Polo. Have a Super Sunday!
always support you, have your back and I love you with all my heart. I hope you truly know how much your
My brother
Awww London by mina_wines using repostregramapp - Wine is sunlight , held together by water
praying for you Rachel
Bom dia, hoje tem Corinthians
Such a sweet heart
Happy Birthday have a fab day xxx
So much fun with my hubby on the Oceanfront this weekend. Happy 27th Anniversary Chip Harshaw! to many more!
Pearl of the orient
Alexis Texas bounces her ridiculous ass on Batman's big cock
Congrats on 200k subs
Thank u cammms
Aww!! awesome
I hope it was one of your favorites because you were with me!
thank you for the bp shirt and postcards and for the birthday gift na groot funko pop hihi. labyu bro!!
Only 5more sleeps until I get to see
Emalee called me from Seoul to ask what are the boots I made her buy in Boston and to tell me she loves me
Exactly
Good morning Have a Blessed day
Happy Birthday mate
Love your tweet
I love you
thank youuuu
^^
Another day. Another reason why no relationship is a goal. Focus on you and yours
Sorry to hear this dude. Best wishes.
After 6 months, finally together again: my daughter picking her bro up at the airport back from Cuba
Love U so much.
Specific? Girls' Generation's HOLIDAY NIGHT ALBUM!
The girls look so fucking hot OMFG... literally their best outfits in years!!!!
Society cleansing
Happy Birthday Andrew!
Feliz chamito i love you so much
day 7 of 41
afternoon recovery run for today!
8.5km
Baby girls bday party today
I LOVE YOU BIRTHDAY GIRL! I'M HAPPY COZ NAPASAYA KIYA TODAY!
Chengcheng
Beijing Seoul
Finally, 9/9 will be complete
Semangat, Hooman! Badai pasti berlalu. only a matter of time.
x x
I feel so soft for love and dedication to thanks for the threads
Such a gorgeous look girl Love it! Have a wonderful sunday sweetie, love ya
RT RT this Chocolate Hamper For White Chocolate Lovers
Thanks to nunnifoto
call me hurricane faith because fast and mess up actual wisdom from my faith
She is so pretty
Thank you!!
Luv your ootd thank you!
Love you blockmates
I want to do it and do not give up
My love imagine dragons believer in me again
Bajpai Stills At Mirza Juliet Screening
The post Pia Bajpai Stills At Mirza
Don't tell Jon that I'm their favorite...
bridesmaid makeup for wedding there Double wear base with MAC strobe cream
They came home
I learned from the best! Miss you all!
oooppsss
hai boleh tolong RT tak ? thankyou sooo muchhh
I'm so very happy for their marriage as if it's mine
Being a bit jealous congratulations.
CONGRATULATIONS
Hi crushhhh Hello!!!
such a good fandom to be part of hope you are able to get a copy
Thank you for the support
Hi love
so happy I articulate all the emotions going through right now! thank you Kat!
Has the wind got your hair 'every which way 'Nikki...
was wondering if after all these years like to meet?
-
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA cuties
Dungeon of erotic master
Sleep tight yutaro ball
Thankyou MaiChard/ALDUB LOVE YOU BOTH
In the Today's Special Value on which camp are you?
Shoutout to for answering her phone at 4 in the morning and letting me stay at hers even got me
Nightmare Girls
He definitely is
i just want to say that tonight i get to hear beautiful vocals before going to bed truly best cover of new york
Thank you we, are kneeling with you
If u don't know what to listen I recommend u
He's really good
cant take my eyes off you
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH MAN, YOU ARE THE BEST PEOPLE
YOU ARE THE KING
special thanks to as always
ganda ng view
I love Europe! Have a safe trip home!
Happy 13th mon amour! I love you so much!
Anong oras coronation night ng miss Globe and san pwede manood? Let's support our very own MG
(para mapansin)
midnight trips with on repeat.. it would always make me think of a special someone
thank you
Like & Tag your friends to win GIVEAWAY CONTEST!!
.
STOK GUCCI LADIES MODEL 2018 BARU JAA MASUK NII
.
JAM
from - your favorite memory from this song? be reading all the
Give this brilliant man a follow!
I just feel okay tonight. thanks, God!
Fam yieeee
Cutest thing ever lysm
I shall Thank you again for your kind words!
National Museum of Natural History
Sunday morning well spent
2018 GRATEFUL JOURNEY
Grateful for the unified spirit of schools!! I had tears in my eyes as these
MJ in disguise.
I Love your rough way. Baby seems to like it so much
Sending my condolences for you, & your family. Keeping you in my thoughts, stay strong you can get through this!
Always welcome
Peppy.
Thanks
Delilah got lots of candy at the trunk or treat yesterday!! so stinking cute in her owlete costume.
ccs win!! okey lang yan.
Right but fics are always welcome
Thank you!
Love you Jazzy!
praying found
Totally agree and add pets ...
EU ESTOU PREPARADA
Hong Kong in Macao!
Too way excited, waiting for the match to start
GO
You're still the best baby.
My band
Congratulation Zheng Siwei/Huang Yaqiong!! My favorite My XD idol
Good luck for the next
Vacay with the Lord
Clear the mind and stay on the and of
very nice profile photos!!!
I followed you! Thank you very much :)
I think you more than me
Congrats darling!!
Could this day get any better?
MashaAllah
may Allah protect all our children!!
Yap we love this game so much
Bom dia
Thalaivi When You Do Film With Thala & your Thoughts About
ADNU IS THE BEST
GO 17
DAWA NASA KWARTO LANG AKO
Valentine
This year you're mine _ebangtan!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
in my prayers Hope for a speedy recovery
Thank you love!!!!
Congratulations and
your Harmy moment?
Well done Millie - I love to read your writing!
I remember when I use to love and the shit ended up getting old or played out but this love is everlasting I
WE thank you and the boys for last night it was amazing ! can't wait to see you again
tea time
Yana Haenisch is the only Namibian model you'll ever need to know (24 Photos)
wCamMan at home after work!
LiveMe-Live broadcasting community
Thanks, g!!! I love you, man!
Hericane, malibu nights, good girls and Valentine's day are so damn tagos sa heart
U will alwayz be my last
3 Years later he married him..
Te adoro mucho T T ily ~
My Other Fave Episode That too the 50th One
all i ever need
baby, amazing
Taking my girlfriends out today just cause I wanna spend qt
I know. And those moments are pure wonders they've shown their true selves in there that's
Omg. Si Ate Reg excited na ako sa station ID
Thank you I really appreciate that I really miss going to church and
9 off 100, FT do your thing
Im feeling blessed. ..iv'e been listening to illuminate this whole week....it's a beautiful baby
Thank you
Cause Happiness is a choice and I choose to be Happy
Happy birthday , loveliest! Lots of love always
All Ya out there have a wonderful sunday
I love the Elucidation series in her syllabus - feeling like it is a never ending love letter
Pastor Appreciation Month Thank You For Being My Social Media Pastor
I NEED THIS ONE!
No more sleeps
Dinner ready & waiting
Sweet, goals talaga gdl brothers
I her so
ROSIEEEEE!!!!!!
I am worry
VA:
FL:
SD:
RI:
"Your suit is still the coolest thing, Spider! No
Heart to heart talk with mama
Thank you to all of my friends that came last night I had such an amazing time. I love you all
See you then
Ingat kayo pre ingat bes have a safe trip enjoy
I hope I will be coming home with you next year I love you
screaming!!!! thank you so much ilysm2
Found a polar bear whilst watching the nephew play football today...
Pretty Lady
First championship? dead,but it was great. Back together with my second family
Ama cok merak ettim
Shukria Karachi
Waiting for your decision !
I love the production and video so much!
Lots of wishes
Sooo highschool ft. akon bb thank i love you all!!!!!
Me too
Me too
Ready for the Game
clingy ni summeeeeer!
Recent click of
Meet a girl who is most close to my heart
IPP
aw, found this qt i love you too, Ivanna!
adorable father love
in with fall colors
Aaaaaawwwwww
.
.
.
catloversclub with get_repost
from Unknown
~ double tap
Shop for Cat
the teddy is soooo cute ... he/she gets to be in the filming set
I wonder what cheng xiao named her/him
be 24 in 10 days
Funny how that works out
Happy Birthday have a fab day! Xxx
I see forever when I see your face and I swear God made you for me
D-378
Thank you so much everyone for your tremendous Birthday wishes
STAY STRONG BUB CONDOLENCE AND SORRY FOR YOUR LOST IF YOU WANT SOMEONE TO TALK TO I'M HERE
I wait to have my baby shower
Truly, you're so talented!
Thanks - very proud of her!
Me too
My pleasure
Radha & Shruti can get lost.Finally I got someone who appreciate me from bottom of heart
Please like, share and donate if you can
help rebuild young lives
I am raising
Home is always be a home
Thank you
HAHAHAHAHAAAHAHAHAHAHAH
habobo forever
AAAA THANK YOU ILY
Found: The strong and flexible Caitlin Rice (24 Photos)
Pastor appreciation
Freddy was a blast, but wait to see my girl
bom dia com mt amor
Whoahhhh there you go... nice pic and sooo bagay talaga MaiChard
This is so pure
,
Le papa...
Happy 7th monthsary! I love u!
on my 19th pleaseeeee
Daily pic
Sunday 21/10
&OTHERS WERE SAUDI,ANCESTORY,I NEVER KNEW,NOR DO I!I A
another 2 kicks napud from tita thank you
Both but with other things with it
Aww, Red Torito's big brother!
Happy Birthday Twin
Only the best ahead for you
lerato la hao
Describe Some Words
Love u tho
Gusto ko lang naman nice na screenshot
||: YOU ADORABLE THING.
My nephew better den Happy 1st birthday
RT this and see how india will win this high scoring game comfortably
Ang cute ng watermelon
Super grateful the little one gets so much contact with all her grandparents
She just had a week with each
.
.
.
$38m! You go alright WA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA cuties
one for to help her with her bad day ,love this ugly potato
RIP sorry for your loss
Acordar assim
Labyu
Le
Manila;
ME SEGURA QUE TO BEM CAMILA COM A LALI QUE ICONES DE ENCONTRO, IMAGINA UM FEAT QUE LACRE
YOU GOT THIS GIRL!!! I believe in what you're capable of doing
Happiness is when we're together p0w3r r4ng3rszzs matod nila
we will have a natter n I ur posts iv followed u for a bit u have poped up n I like it
Te amo mucho
We are waiting for you
My best friend is getting married and so happy great way to surprise this morning
Me and absolutely rooting for
The best
Happy Birthday Yerevan
Alhamdulillah Allah showed me the real you. He protected me from that. He knows I deserve way better
My is so full!
RoffydeeQueen, see as she fresh
.
If you see her dey come, give her respect
.
Sweet girl, fresh babe
.
I think we are getting a Beautiful Era 2.0
PLEASE INVITE TO DORTMUND. WE CANT MISS THIS BALL OF SUNSHINE
Dengo da
Congrats Sufian
Ahhh, Prince's Purple Rain is still one of my all time favourite albums!
Had the best weekend bridesmaiding for my lovely friend. Feeling the love
so proud of you both!! unreal
Aww Juliette, for sure miss you much but I hope the best for you always! Sending hugs your way
KChoneybee is sending from Florida.
My phone is full of 's strong visuals.
Happy 17th Birthday Emma! Love you
some people take life for granted , i thank God everyday for blessing me.
Im hir for u alwayz
Julia and rachel trying to motivate ML HAHAHAHAHA love these two
the
'Coz I really love BLK Travel collection/Caboodle box lang talaga kulang pero magkakaron
SPN S5: My soul needs an entire episode where Castiel pretends to be an FBI agent Also terrified Cas is my
Please like, share and donate if you can
help rebuild young lives
I am raising money for
Good morning
good luck and congratulations sis
manenay
My New Friends!
RT Congratulations on making it to semi finals. I believe y'all can drive it home and
Lol yea it is. Keaoleboga tle
HBD
you guys should like my recent on instagram
my babies are so kewt
so cute omg I love it
so proud of my MOTHER WHO RAISED ME queen latifah
No one can understand my pains the way He can.
Yas naman Each other's version
I've been staring at you for so long, I suddenly wanna kiss you. Haaaaaay, Kookie
Blackpink x Dua Lipa is
i would like to thank all the people who stays in my life, no matter how much shitty i am as a person.
I find appealing Twitter babeariel_mfc YouTube
shruthiiiiii
Thank you! It was everything I dreamed and more.
Mis y nadie
"Don't cry Joni"
Daddy's favourite song. He died on christmas day. Missing him so much and mommy espanyola.
Thank You
It's amazing!
Thank you babe
Please like, share and donate if you can
help rebuild young lives
I am raising money
How can you not ?
Comunque buon compleanno alla donna che ha messo al mondo Harry Edward Styles
I find appealing Twitter babeariel_mfc YouTube
My scarlet hearteu
stay strong
PLEASE INVITE TO DORTMUND
Last chance later today to get Enchanted Forest on the weekend wow! Here are a few more from me
Nouveau tatouage
your girl
Good morning
I love you
thanks
So so happy for the success u r having
Tell me this the most precious thing ever seen
<Selling>BTS Singapore tickets
purple/yellow random
Ple DM
Gotta love his home made sign
Can you PLEASE tell me the name of the journal you write in everyday? I am desperately looking for something like it
solji you the best masked queen!
Brilliant!!
I found a second mom in you love you mama
Guys, we need your help. Kindly and Retweet. Let's transfrom the world together and help UN achieve their
OMG WHAT HAHAHAHAH Thank you tea-ta!!
i am physically and financially not ready for but kinda ready to throw all my money on it.
GO
Congratulations sisturrr
Always believe in yourself.
The day I felt in love with you. Not since the beginning but always till the end
not! each preferred company always.
Like mother, like daughter.
I love you bby!
Please participate by fans other than Joshua.
Thank you! the best dog ever (pictured here with her bestie).
Coldplay - The Scientist (Sub + Lyrics)
Thank you, Sylvinne! God bless
Morning with Mittens! Word, Coffee, Bright Carolina Sunshine! Truly this is the Day the Lord Has Made I Will
nun ist
Back home after means just one thing for me lots of for my daughter
Please like, share and donate if you can
help rebuild young lives
I am raising
Hands down... Signing of the season... What a player we've got... The true heir to Xavi's throne..
-MS
(right now) 1-3 pm
VA:
FL:
SD:
RI:
"I'm glad you're our friend. Wasn't sure what to expect
was simply amazing
The love is eternal
Any wanna one album po.
Thank you
Valentine
This year you're mine _edinorogh_!
And you, whom will be yours?
This is how I fight my battle waaaaa super thank you po
Another blessing good morning world peace love & KINDNESS
Just 2 months more
Claro
Thank you bitso
The 2nd song played at our wedding....I married me a and a !!
love you
miss you baby
Njan trip pokaporen
Muito baby aff
Omg guys nasa rank na tayo let's keep voting guys fighting iKONICS!
Love going to church with my auntie
Beautiful morning walk I love them
There is always the first time for everything, and this was my first time falling in love with them
Jikook vulgo meus pais
My First Thought in the morning is always you I MISS YOU!
// ajsldgjdlkfhg thank you so much! It's just a small doodle but I'm glad you like it!!
Here's to many more, sure!!
HELLO JOWA. THIS THREAD IS 4 U. LOVE LOVE
Our recent clicks
Forever here!
I vote for
Europe Music Awards
Please vote
This dog is living her best life!
I know you're this happy in Heaven too
and RT
Please like, share and donate if you can
help rebuild young lives
I am raising
Awesome Julie thank you sweetheart
My favorite devil
Ma side cool pass your own ooo but I want wenger
Your husky is gorgeous
How's your heart? ipa check up pa lage nako sa heart center ugma anooon
Chegou em SP!
Love and light boo
Love you Gaia!
New for OUT NOW!
w/ &
RTs Appreciated
Hours left pretty . .
"I'd become a legend if I died at 27."
-
Love this
An Italian Dinner
Thank you Miss Ching Escote of Le Palme for the warm friendship! What a sensory
tnx for the motivation spam HAHAHA
Watch me hyperventilate everytime a notification pops up because i miss them that
Our hardworking lideonim, Hwitaek!!
Good morning /afternoon /evening my science lovers
Congratulations
Superb innings with the bat. Now big Oshane has started well with the ball. Rally!
May Allah bless you all my sweetest housemates, love you all
Whose Dard-E-Dil is more emotional? for or for
About last night! marries the love of her life
Taking my daughter shopping on my next off day
Going to watch Laal ishq Ep againThe sexiest Ep of
Cap credit :NakulStan
Thanks tbh I know I m very bad in making vms ... but I really wanna see them together ...so just
Please like, share and donate if you can
help rebuild young lives
I am raising
Woke up with two beautiful little girls by my side
My heart.
You're welcome poo
I missed you a lotthx for tweet again
Yes I applied some of it and it helped me get some sleep yesterday thank god
Thank youu again such a sweetheart
Happy Birthday Rieee
Thankyou for everything
Happy gd ko kay happy gd heart mo Loveyou alwaysss
congrats for winning my first mini giveaway!!! must dm me.
*panget boses ko*
ps. I'll ship it
I hope Bangtan will stay healthy and go to Korea safety
If u don't know what to listen I recommend u
He's really good
Nakaka-overwhelm yung preaching today I love you Lord!
181021
Blueberry pancakes or you can swap for bacon and they are now on our breakfast menu Come and try
can't wait to see you !!! whatta solid
I know but still am supportive of others in your life
This is frame worthy. Those tails, those footprints. My heart I am dog obsessed. They give us endless joy
Thank you and congrats
Good morning
Love this
I agree more! So happy we ran into each other!
Absolute ill with the flu today, feeling bloody dier, and got this one making me feel better this fine Sunday
Mazel Tov
Congrats Babe, I am beyond proud!
I've been a merebear for 6 years and i only met yesterday!!!
Woop woop!
Thanks for the tag!
thank you love
He Loses His Virginity
go show all the support and love
They are so precious to me
Anyone who can back this cause would be flipping amazing!!
Ooooh private lease, that makes sense. Nice ride mate. Almost as good as the MD-11
Seriously it melts my heart watching you eating the food that I bought just for you Thank you for showing your smile baby
Come on SRKians
Toot padho is
pe
keep it private but don't keep it as a secret
Chai is
And i
Hey, lovely Julioffski!
Hi love
Age is just a state of mind, Jason.
Thank you for your kind words!
Sunday vibes
che bellezza
Swerte ko sa noodles huhu so protective
Yeah, I'm crying. I love this relationship so much
Omagashhh ba't kayo ganito, how to unlove this bros. ?
WAVE BLOCK STICKER preview
Love that V cute
MAYBE THE NIGHT - BEN&BEN
1 MINUTE COVER
Click HD
tiktok:
I miss you queen
My daughter would love this-fingers crossed
Please like, share and donate if you can
help rebuild young lives
I am raising
My ladies and germs!
Dirty Dancing
I love you
Thank you!
fall in love with this toner
Avril Lavigne fanart
Drop a "" if you Love me.
Drop a "" if you Like me.
Drop a "" if you have Crush on me.
Drop a "" if you Enjoy
Girl you so pretty
Would like to say a massive thank you to everybody who has messaged me, absolutely overwhelmed by all of them!
First of all,aku putih.
Next, i love you
Finally, dont leave me hanging.
Cute pumpkins Pioneer Centre, Kapitolyo
So sweet of you to tweet this
Idea for a series: a 'W1A' / 'The thick of it' / 'Twenty Twelve' style political mocumentary about (I think this is inevitable)
finally
Experiment Sheets + KDrama =
20 SELF-DEFENSE TIPS EVERY WOMAN SHOULD KNOW via
I LOVE YOU BIRTHDAY GIRL! I'M HAPPY KASI NAPASAYA KITA TODAY!
Oh hi queen
My favourite of all the saga
planes are like boats, they leave a trail
Oh now crying again and all your fault! Too sweet
Thank you!
BLUE LEMONADE
JUNG HOSEOK
I keep you with me in my heart
see you tomorrow ma
Please like, share and donate if you can
help rebuild young lives
I am
"Thank you for sticking by me"
"Let's dent the universe" - this is what I live for!
Nigagawa q? HAHAHA
Ending Sunday the ! Cheers, ! Refinery Coffee and Tea Bar
Le hasard ? non.
i wait you
All that I'm after is a life full of laughter
New Header, Fan Art.
For:
Created:
Made in Mobile, RT and FAV
will be appreciated.
Love . Naked on the slopes having a fag.. why ?
good luck and have fun today!!!!
Good morning! Fall!
happy birthday miss u bro
IK BEN BLIJ DAT JE GELUKKIG BENT
Best away ground for me this season
thank youuuu
Thomas has arrived. He is such a cute boy. He already loves playing with balls and thinks he is a lap dog.
Me: Late night travels to "anywhere" with my significant other while listening to this song
You? YOUR CUTENESS ON THE VIDEO
Happy birthday.
A kassy ta certa, teu perfil MT Topper pqp
welcome Bella Darling I hope doing great and safe
Thank you, Neilllll!!!! I love youu
Hope they get to talked to each other already I missed them
Today is a very fulfilling day. Though I only slept for less than 5 hours straight in 2 days; it was all worth it. Thank you so much!
Marry Me Please!
all the best Edith
also, i really love how they arrange the stage!!!! they get to get closer to the fans and thats sweet
turning around for me
I need some advice if someone could be a little sweetheart and help a girl out?
. instastory con
God and Parents
Toverland
Are you really? If we see you there, can we ask for a photo?
My feels!! I can't even deal!!!
One of my all time favorite Taylor songs
I have never spoiled daughter but I will want to one day. gonna be the luckiest girl on the earth Inshallah
Thank you!!
OMG I LOVE THIS
Please make more of it bcs we certaintly need more markson
I hope you feel better soon! Don't worry about drawing if you're not feeling well. I feel that
I see you and I understand your feelings on this.
Right?!?!
ONG JADE THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR THIS I LOVE YOU
Worldwide handsome
Was watching some of the older trailers of DAI and god I love this cover of "What A Wonder World"
"I couldn't make you love me" You are just phenomenal
Old school music I love it
That is spectacular !
I love it!
I fil you have got a beauiful face
I love you in gad so much eny things you can doit Thanks
Thank you I also wanna save my life from all these shits
THIS!! I feel so much better when things are neat & organized
Please like, share and donate if you can
help rebuild young lives
I am
The 4th Grade students from solving multi-step word problems
Siempre con real y
Oud ispahan
ye ap best wale frnd ki baat kr rhi ya bf wo wale
highlight of my night: pICTURE NAMIN NI KUYA DARRYL AJAJANSHSISNSJA
,,, thnx,, sa mga ever supportive kuyas ko
+1
is def my main.
omg that outfit & this lil qt smiling have a rest after your schedule alright
Hope you have an amazing time!
Goodluck Bigboy
Our anxiety torments us all, stay strong, challenge all negativity stay positive, life is beautiful and interesting
Get out with your love! Get from to Hamburg right now!
Seeing a lot less Likes? You're not alone. When you Like a Tweet or do a Retweet make sure it "sticks."
Eu obviamente
I LOVE ALL MY BROS
Gorgeous
love scenario is so popular especially among kids it's so cute hhhhhhhh
It was a nice surprise on the radio driving into work at 5:45 this morning
Congrats Phenom/POG I love you
Thank you Tsholz
Huge, fecking great huge difference between migraines and headaches!
Good vs Evil!!
Jobs vs Mobs!!
new baby
I liked a video NAG SHOOTING! WOW! FEELING ARTISTA! | rhazevlogs
Get back in the game with some sexy girls in sports bras (35 Photos)
Woah wait. Goosebumps and teary eyed ako. Grabe! The best talaga tandem na
I luv u nike come back to cs brother
I'm sorry, I'm going to delete this account. Chanwoo loves you
Hello Guys
Your MCM just dropped the visuals to his single "Otherside".
Click here to watch.
Followv & RT
Congrats
Followv & RT
Definitely! I regret letting that girl go. blocked, numbers deleted...
Happy for you
.
Amo minha
Thank you
Lazy daisy Sunday Having no plan , is my plan today. Just putting my foot up on my favourite Moroccan floor
be mean to me
RT ant & i really been out here just living .
Please like, share and donate if you can
help rebuild young lives
I am raising money
Feliz Dia mamita
Epitome of beauty
Follow for more Liza's visuals!
Wish you were back in NJ
Advertisement for Brand new Huntsman Elite Keyboard!
Likes and Retweets are appreciated!
Please give
I LOVE ALL MY BROS
Api's treat tanggal stress talaga
That's why kahit anong diet ko alaws pa ring result Lablabbbb
They will. Stay strong.
an Albion away day
So happy with the new tattoo... thanks so glad I got my first one here
Only Sense 8 is able of this quality
Until the mosquitos eat you alive in the hot tub
she finally did
when i rewatch these videos of Alka. tears.
Ayan na KMJS na my favorite let's watch guys!
thank you for your hard work and i love you guys! can't wait to meet our king wolfy!
Ippude 5 months wait chesam kada.. inko 5 months pattina parledu ee Da lo remakes matram teyaku..
How can I resist from linlin's charm? Our gulliver maknae makes my heart beat fast, for real. always
courtship day 9, palangga
i didn't plan on falling in love with you, and i doubt if you planned on falling in
Me talking to my Zulu husband
Tana Boshoff is beach body ready (27 Photos)
The only Bollywood couple I stan
Fenech, I hope you and Kisses could chat and hang out together soon!
Love you two so much
Congratulations!!!
So many reason that it's indescribable for me It's never enough. I love them all so much.
We always do
happiest birthday ever
hey, please give us a retweet, in need of support raising money for
Coco U.P. Town Center
So happy that so many Orida's friends and celebrity fellows came to his art exhibition
Flying back to SG Thank you for a wonderful weekend, See you in Singapore on Feb!! ILY,
Grabe tingin ni hayme oh. myghaaaad so much love
follow me bby? plss ily
Happy birthday, Carrie.
- "Notre Idylle" sur Spotify
For reference. A clean and simple responsive design. I love it.
That it's still the best song in decades of pop music and sadly didn't reach the no 1 but was truly winning all hearts
jessica really went up to greet the fans we don't deserve her
she's such an angel
btob's brother act album
Please like, share and donate if you can
help rebuild young lives
I am raising
I sent that specially to you as a reminder
Blessings Nancy Russell Laing Mumma Nancy
Ofc my friend
Love this job
as e KKKKK EU AMO MUITO
Love this photo; Taken on our London date night a couple of weeks ago, all organised by him as a special treat.
/ |
/ /
/
/_/
I know you've had a rough time
Semangat Indonesia !!
OMG JUST YESTERDAY WAS THE FIRST TIME I WATCH IT, LOOVED THE MOVIE
Haha vope is the best
me: why didn't you sleep yesterday?
His response
My heart
I don't understand but
Awwwww!
rachhh! the cutest and i love you, u deserve the world & i miss u sm
Purdue won
sure this made day!!!
That devotion
Love you girls!
him and always have
Many more happy returns of the day
I see! I'll ask mummy to get some!
Filhal toh main adrak wali chai pi rahi hun
You're always welcome Babe. Love you too! I will forever be a proud fan. Congratulations again!
PS. Push
Thank you my love
Ainda bem. Que susto cara. Obrigada
The European Championship start soon. I hope that we are going to make a good tournament. Aurora Arctic
so hard alternating between the & for my friends. why we all just be some bloods
Merci beaucoup
Rohit Sharma and his Sixes!! Treat to watch.
Beautiful thank you for sharing x
Hi hotheaded girl
with my mate
Im so exhausted from last night and spent all my energy retweeting shit so I wont be on much today
my mind and heart feels so light after spending the day with jeanne I feel so blessed and loved.
Machoooos
Please like, share and donate if you can
help rebuild young lives
I am
Thank you
Hope he soon finds a woman who loves and appreciates him...he deserves an awesome wife and family!
Just like me
soulmate *drum rolls* .....
I was at Kwapong Hall Legon last night with the gang. Massive love. Really appreciate you guys
Bb
181021 yebin instagram
Just wanna thank y'all for motivating me... charing! Bat ang cute n'yo???
happy birthday twin! I love youuuu
merkezi 0506 713 53 90 SEKS
LT HAHAHAHAHAHA
REWATCHING
sobrang true?? haha): thanks, love
Beautiful moments. Congratulations
Mi hijo
Dear school, I hate you but you're the reason why I met my crazy friends.
My two favourite people
Ayieee opo opo thank youu labyouutoo
Sunday
I imagine my life without my sister.
Thank you po i wish to show more of what i can do sa studio 7 i hope youre enjoying the show po godbless!
dude so good seeing you
Hope
For
NatiOn
Hoooy! I love you bb get through this
wait to see you
I love this jiwon
Queen
- Cre:
So glad you enjoyed it
Jojster for president! I stan an animal rescuing superhero
Vote for tomorrow! Texas needs him!
I totally want to be the cheesy family that wears matching Disney shirts.
Thank you babe. I just need some time to be away skjp. Ily
{HQ - 21.10.2018} Hideko_Sunshine writer of jamsai
shabu-shabu kind of dinner
wait to read this today. Thank you for giving us more Darvey!
Found you smart ass
gamma 0506 713 53 90 SEKS
0506 713 53 90 SEKS adiyaman
Chal hug kr lety hain.
Mah heart
Sarap sa heart
Hope it gets better love sorry we havent been talking. After everything blows over ill spill the
How to make Pete look more fancy? Just turn him into an anime character! Oh I love this man even more, but
Morning
Yeah! Kaylee Bryant (Josie) said in her instagram live.
I found a LOVE
Adoro
My deepest sympathy, Katrina!
See, this is my kind of bad ass ride
To You G, Thankyousomuch for everything. So much thankful
Meri life ki sub se achi Birthday celebrations mene socha nahi tha itna sub kuch hoga thanks all my frd
And you do it in a very impressive way- always!
So cute
Early morning with a smile on my lips, and coffee with you.
smile na love ko, always here for you
Annesinin
thank you!!
Hello Chaewon! Mind to followback me?
Parehas
28: idk where to start, the person I trust most, the person who gets me, i love u
TeamLiam How do you vote?
/ 02 / /
Football
Adorable and unforgettable...
I miss you !!
ganda ng bbko
Sana just fed us with all her ships. Thank you sana! I just love her relationship with all the members.
When you love a song nothing can stop you from dancing your hearts out.
Love youuuu and thank you din for a wonderful performance.
You look stunning babe! Happy birthday enjoy your day to the fullest
If you ever hurt her again,I'm going to do the exact same thing to you-Noh Ji Wook
Your welcome
Kaudulla National Park, Sri Lanka
.
.
Beautiful capture by upekha_hewa3
.
October
hey, please give us a retweet, in need of support raising money for
all white glam isssaa Mua
Outfit ariess_couture
Styled by:
this is why i have twitter to talk to all the people that inspire me.
you
is
the
Love
of
my
life
HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA ANG CUTE HAHAHAHAHA WALA LANG HAHAHAHAHHA
My current fave
An angel sending by god in the earth to spread kindness and good vibes
finally found these beauts
and prayers to you and your family. Isaiah 41:10 ESV / 1,107 helpful votesHelpfulNot Helpful
Follow me pls
And i will follow back
dedicated for you brother, we love you
`
thank you xyra!! i love you too
Cologne, Germany
||PREV|| [20102018] BTS Love Yourself World Tour - Paris
righteous
Thank God, I finally had the time to watch "A Star is Born"
I gagged when the whole cinema sang along Bradley
Love this
my B I H birthday! Happy birthday to an amazing mother, friend, sister
Good friends are like stars, you dont always see them but you know they are there gaga ka kamiss ka
Dear life... what is my meaning my reason
Thank you so muchhhh probably be only choosing one prize so others can win so others
Ohhh i love you boooth and also joe
thank you dida!!
Protect your PEACE!
That should be your 1st Priority
Tom and Jerry.
hala bebe ngayon ko lang nakita sorry, thank you so much di ko ine-expect to ah huhu love you more and miss you too!
You too
Waking up to cruel world by Lana was the most pleasing morning I had...I been loving this woman for years and i will continue to forever
Chronixx - Likes (Official Music Video) | Chronology OUT NOW .
Whenever Rohit hits a shot Virat Kohli from other r end is always exited & reacting like kid
I love this
Oh my God, the sassy Cheryl Blossom just replied my anonymous tweet! Hey, there! So glad to meet you here, hon.
Same here. I never use to be such a crier but everything they do makes me tear up now. Emotions run strong here
I'm so sorry
Sincerely thankful
I love it, i wait to see i,,,,,
this and i'll answerrr :>
Narnia will always have a spot in my heart
This is awesome! Nice done! And Amanda ... you would be the best Snow White ever!
The last one Evil Blueberry is
Thank you
Yes I am always busy . But I do make Time for who and what I want
so far in team 8 me and Kat are erika and Jake, plat is Tessa () and quix is Tristan
JE SAIS SOEBDKEBEK
Digestif
We know it
Good Morning Sista Sarah Elder I Love You
Jumpa nanti nahh
I fucking knew it! WE MONSTER GIRL!
Hey.Decide if you need introduction in front of huge masses for your online sales activity??. Do not hesitate DM us .
so adorable!!!
Dear mom, brother and you.
Im sorry. I love you guys
Thank God for another day
I love your Mum. She understands entirely
thank you ateeee! i love you tooooo!!
Thank you. Very proud to be part of my Enable Scotland family and Scottish Council
You my girl but you use to pretend to
ginC2 is
181017
>
>
JOB WELL DONE BABIES!
CARA
Hehe only with wifey
Hi love
Commented.
WE MISS YOU GUYS
Lo hiciste
Woah astonishing
Happy birthday babe ! hope u have the best day xx
Sure do.
They pray for me, stay on my ass!
her beauty is so regal
miss lindsey morgan is looking healthy and happy ugh, what she deserves
ang cute!! lezgoo GDL bros!!
My people
hit
On this day 2 years ago my whole life changed Rip Grandma
in love
Good Morning Loves
Attacking midfield
A M S T E R D A M
Always a treat. So till we meet again , here are a few snaps collected over the past
Sunday road trippin'
Lol
Lovely
Te amo
Goodnight
Someday i'll be part of this
Nedelja
thank you eril!!
Good friends are like stars, you dont always see them but you know they are there gaga ka kamiss ka
Thank you so much!
Dharma is in safe hands.
From Sabarimala.
Love watching this
Much love
Follow my Social Media!
Twitch -
YouTube -
Twitter
Great story of
Pele
Market Cap: $211,425,750,645
BTC Dominance: 53.58%
BTC: $6534.74651007
ETH: 0.0317113 BTC
XRP:
sweet. ily baby
If you wanna see true love
Shivika is the best example
When it comes to G&T, the answer is always yes
WAIT DI KO INEXPECT NA GANITO
Salam les khey bienvenue sur mon Twitter
u have school love ?
my baby be looking GOODT in movies. ready to have his kids on thanksgiving day
Wohoo so many things happening for Them Boys!!! Himig Handog 2018 entry, an Awit Awards 2018 and Best Choice
Finally
Follow
Offline? Add to favorites
:
YES!
ALL MY DEMI BABIES HERE IN TAC
suga / seesaw
Being inlove is the most beautiful thing happened
To everyone who attended the Keith Party, thank you so much! You made my last week in Japan all that amazing
!
For Queen's Birthday!
Church and the gym today
MAUD & MAX
I just have this one and for dinner okay? Oh wait but is it good for dinner
........so cute
Home is where the heart is
Good going Romil
Thank You Beautiful! See you later! X x
Arigatou gozaimasu My dear friend I'm thankful for
thank you ej! i love you too!
Good morning all you beautiful people of the world
South Side, Corpus Christi, Texas
Valentine
This year you're mine darth_lillow!
And you, whom will be yours?
Two weeks away!
Join for a full day of learning and insight at this one-day conference!
It's ok dear
i love you
OLHAAAA MINHA CAMISAAA OFICIAL DO CORINTHIANS AAAAAA
Que susto
fuckmarrykilliam: I imagine her hugs are like pure sunshine, warmth, and home all in one
I love Amy Schumer She is turning down Super Bowl ads to support Kaepernick! Calling for other celebrities to
yeheeeeey luv u forever my juju
Those boots
Worth it to share
Yasss! & Ditto!!
Hey, Bella! I'm more than glad to meeting you here as a personal. How's your weekend going so far? :/
181021 yebin instagram
Our lovely dorm
Right! One day if we all just push for kindness an Thank you I hope you feel like 1mil today and keep a smile going
Love is so beautiful. Especially Black love.
My and I catching up
Zofia
You need luck, a natural
Thank you, we really appreciate it
Put on the full armor of god
Feliz
Bom diaaaaa!!
Love you too girl, and I did :) thank you !!
thank you so much bebe! same to you!
Love this statement and photo!!!
0506 021 13 43 adana
Thank you Bella!!
RT PERFUME_STATION: Thanks sis!!
hey x please could you print in your magazine for us and please give us a retweet, in need of support
Thank you po Ninang Maddie and Ninang Malie I love you po
Lipa, Batangas
Before: Katips 2016 Now: Supremo Redux 2018 The actors and actress never changed. still the best.
Friend: *bigay ng corny joke*
Ely: HAHHAAHAHHA Kbye. Pero natawa ako ron ah.
F: Das mah goal, Mam.
HAY friends u r ol too cute.
WIP for class
Blessed and thankful.
Sunday , selftreat
HALA QUE DICES
TE AMO AAAAAAAAAAAA
Congratulations
[twicetagram update] by Sana
What is it! Why are you missing!!!!
This is really the last !...
I've
We had so much today on our "#Lohengrin"
.
.
.
VA:
FL:
SD:
RI:
"Sweet! A dragon! Kinda! Are you one of those shapeshifters or you stuck like that?"
Guuuapas
Of course! you and your work!
thank you baby, pray for us
Have a great day Sally
Yehey... ALDUB PA RIN
Amoooo
"White Coat muna bago White Gown."
Yiee! Sarap sa ears men!
Forever a fave
Thank you bro means a lot!
Thank you it really was. Something I definitely needed !
Oyeeee wow! both are
Thank u renz
The film is over and I'm so emotional . This story was the first of the series that I read and it showed me this magical world
Aww thank you
Mr. & Mrs.
birthday week started awesome-ly!!!!!
Some mornings you just need a fuzzy blanket and coffee in your favorite Disney mug.
HAHAHAHA! Si Ate Gretchen yan ihhh
Thank you for reminding me
Now how do I do the things again??
Very hot
I love you, TP!!
My heart my life my family Movie Tavern at Central Park
Thank youu! Viktor is ready to pull Yuuri in for a real kiss ;v;
Super sweet story
Well you so sick .... awesome! next time throw on some lmao you!!! Hope you feel better
My Doha
A masterpiece! FROM VIENNA WITH LOVE
CONCHITA & WIENER SYMPHONIKER
Lady, you're my hero! He got what he deserved.
I love you so much please stay safe
0506 713 53 90 SEKS
Perfect Header + Avi
The way he said " Vo banda hi Great hai" I felt that
Most loved
Round turn around turn around turn around we know
I thank & love you very much
My baby is big naaaa.
Jagie
had fun last night w my friendsssss
wow ig im just an intellect SHSHSH im glad you like my choice
Excited for everything that's about happen yaaay
If I comment I'm in big trouble... happy birthday
It's a good ol' fashion Bra Burning! (32 Photos)
Evil has lost already !
Everyone accepts it believe it becomes a reality.
What matters is Heart of mankind
happy birthday Lexii! Smile. always be happy. Stay strong lang kamo ni Donnnyy. hihi
ELEVATOR GIRL
Drop a "" if you Love me.
Drop a "" if you Like me.
Drop a "" if you have Crush on me.
Drop a "" if you Enjoy
hearts were made for You, O Lord, and they are restless until they rest in St. Augustine of Hippo
Halaaa sge goooo I'll be there
MY EX/DANCE PARTNER/ETC. AND OTHER 'DANCEROUS' PEOPLE GAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAA
Aww. Thank you Pud
But you are way better
And I know you give it your all.
Talented bugger you are.
Congrats Solid kayo! Since 2014 Stay solid guys
Incest Story 1-2 Unofficial Ren'py Port
I don't really care when I'm flopping, my fans would do anything for me.
- A watch company, based in Dallas, TX. via - SAVED
Margot, hi! I just tapped that follow button into blue, mind to the same on mine?
My soon to be flight attendant and pilot na din sana.. I you isabella_louise18 Alabang Town Center
Emergency Hug
oh thanks!! gotta set my alarms hihi
One day
.. via
Thanks
Kelly's Family: Mother in law Full Release
I want you as secret
"Happy ka?"
"Never loose that smile my dear"
Good morning Good people
A 4th grader asked me if I know I showed him my phone and just in time, I was listening to Malibu Nights
Thank you po, ma'am!
HIC ET NUNC
film od netflixu milujem ten film proste
Hopeless, I'm feel too hopeless today. Thanks for asking
Finally! I've been waiting for something like this
Being a Muslim army, I don't have
im ur huge fan frm katchal island, i jst want to say... I love you mam plz accept my
Can abim
7.1 ounces and 23 inches height!!! love you guys! I wait till Tuesday!
truee stay positive
i french toast
WithYou
Buenos Magia
Absolutely beautiful picture!
wow. Legendary groups we all stan
Awwww thanks team
(not so) tall, dark and handsome
I love my life and my beautiful little family
Thanks sweetheart
Yes, nothing is impossible
Happy birthday
One of my favorite places Sea Girt Beach and Boardwalk
Happy Birthday BEAUTIFUL I love you so much mom
Love you too
naraid66
u@hxbcjbagnd
Forca
thoughts on josha josha ng buhay nakin ayieeeeeut haha the best ini hya see u soon!!!
Did u watched this edit ?? Few words about this
Follow
Offline? Add to favorites
My loveee
When they leave a spot just for JooE
happy birthday! Hope you have a fab day
Wow Best couple.. made for each other !
Design By BroTher
the most amazing person here on earth
My Team
Eu amo ele cuidando...
Hey there, Kristine! How's your weekend going so far? Is it good or . . ?
You right..
Ohh it is so cute i love your style and personality you are so good to the people i hope one
Woooy ah! my carat wannable feeling
grande
I've never met a strong person with an easy past. Be proud of your scars and that you're still standing.
Thank you!!! just grateful I got to tell it.
faid in pakistan
Appreciated
Goodmorning
God is always so good to me..
Omggggg this is so damn cuteeeee tell him thanku and a big hug from me
Grace be with all them that Love our Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity.
Ephesians 6:24
The Precious Word of God
In omnibus amare, in omnibus servire domino
In everything love and serve the Lord
I think I got a pretty good company!
Love you Our Worldwide handsome
Whetever you do, be healthy
adulting is super hard :( internship pa nga lang for 2 weeks pagod na ako real job pa kaya huhu proud of you tho FIGHTING!!
Congratulations
so so sorry this happened Leah. I hope doing okay x
I'm so happy
Thank God for life
Such a pleasure to collaborate with and at the conference
i love you so much rest well and be happy and healthy!
Good times with last night
Rica ederiim
will you help me spread and come to my wedding September 21.2019?
Thanks for being my date last night
awww squishy baby
Milktea Day.
||PREV|| [20102018] BTS Love Yourself World Tour - Paris
When people ask you to be their mentor HALAAAAA my heart is so fragile rn i now have 4 passion project menteees
Frederick Douglass
Ella!
I hope that to anyone who is going to go see roadtrip today will have an amazing experience!
You look amazing
Happy Sunday Have A Blessed Day Guys God Bless.
Thankyou momshies, Lovelots!
Daily Anita Tweet
Thaaank you, thea!!!
Living with imperfections. Years of hard work and there's still more to improve on. Life. Mikko Araullo
.
.
.
Fcccckkk why am i cryiiiing
Finished our Science and I'm halfway in memorising the psalm of life Thank you Lord
My name is Aurora, always thought the most beautiful name
Thanks sister. Love you.
my whole
THANK YOU
I might bump into you! We're there from 13th to 27th
Hi love
its nice meeting you both po
This Is Why I Love Aishu
Namma Ellarumea onnu Thaan
I am literally in love with your aus and fics! Thank you so much for those!! When will you update your other
ang pretty mo, i hope i get the chance to meet u naman next time hihi
Have a good rest. Korean weather will heal you soon. I love you.
Did u watched this edit ?? Few words about this
Happy Birthday To My First Niece Have Fun And Enjoy Your Day
indeed a wonderful and a great journey
omg Miu chn sooo pretyyy
She dont have a story
Look what are the reasons...
This is what u have taught us long
Bacardi-Latte best thing for a Sunday
I think I should watch it again.
For the 3rd time. Looking forward to see the sequel of this movie
Oh you hero
In order for you to be lovable, you must love yourself first.
Happy 2nd Bday to my Princess Isabella love you sooo much!
Exactly
(cont from previous tweet)
I hope everyone has a lovely day
Heavenly voice indeed love it. have a very sweet day Samara
Alriiiiiight a Sunday afternoon, hungover as fuck.....perfect time to start watching the new doctor who me thinks
Awww how cute , follow back sis
"I identify as tired." Hannah Gadsby
I added the no button for you bb
Ianthe Rose is a Tuesday treat (23 Photos)
thank you so much for your kindness
Yawwwwwsss baby cakes
For anybody who needs a good word this beautiful morning
- Everything Must Go | Pastor Sarah Jakes
Dems love immigrants, is an immigrant; so why do you hate her with such passion. Seems to me
I need god consistently
Need more in my life! Thanks for the alpha test it was loads of fun
Sir Would you accept a lunch invitation in the Egyptian countryside
Philadelphia, USA
I agree.... adorable as ever!
BTS in my .
This song means so much to me.
Listen to BTS - Answer Love Myself
Today's foodscapades: Raiding the Wildflour menu (P. S. Sorry for thr food porn)
Na boa, Andy tem amor a vida
Sharon y Andy
Congratulations
Dermaplaning before & after. Fine lines reduced, skin is brighter and looks refreshed
Dermaplaning is in
This is lovely, thank you for sharing.
Vamos Rafa
I just saw the news a few minutes ago :,))))
sooo happy right now !!
forget your sunglasses
Thanks love
Love you Logan cheers
Love this song
RT your own tweet before its even a day old. Power move. But ily long time
What a in honour of tbe King of Afrobeats himself, Fela Kuti
Iloveyou my bebe boy Happy 3rd Anniversary
Mood
Salamat mumsh! Love you and
MADRES..! Les tus manos y te dan el
Happy Birthday sweetheart. Blessings
What a precious boy!! I bet he wait to try all of wonderful recipes
Iloveyoutoo dear! Hahaha. Sending from PH to ITALY.
ugghhhh my queen is so prettyyyyy omggg
hello guys! please like & retweet the original video. thank you soooooo much!!
Get FREE Pokemon Go Pokecoins ->> I just love them so much
NYC
Resul Dindar
Only 66 more days until Lots of dispensers for all of us find out more on our
I MISS MY BOYS
time to catch up with all the contents that I missed
1st on the list : JR & BH battle trip. .
Morning Brother Bear! Hope the day turns out well for you.
I love you too
Dakota Mayi Johnson you are amazing person
Cuteness Kaa Meaning
Simply Supabb style in My fav Black
No one handles a c**k better
You're welcome and don't feel hopeless cause you're not you're genuinely a good person and so sweet and caring honestly
Good morning from Tulsa, Oklahoma Wishing everyone a Spectacular Sunday
Alex snored in my ear all night and the It puts me right to sleep.
My morning routine (school)
Belinha
This is how we roll in HK! Join us for church today, going to be a blast!
Thank you
tell me all the ways to love you
Most surely does
VA:
FL:
SD:
RI:
"For folk like you and me who did so many bad
Happy birthday Carrie Fisher... forever in our hearts
Maaciii my soul siiiss! Your support meant a lot! I'll tell you how it goes yaahh
AWW, coming from Axl, I feel blessedt Hihih
I love
I already did!
No matter what people say about you....our family still you..
huhuhu atleast food and iced latte
Missing my love, cepat sembuh awak
HUHU Happy Birthday Diego!
We're going ladies
JAJAJA QUE TIERNO SU PELO
Likewise man, so sad i say goodbye but had an amazing night
My French love
omg MOM hhhhhghgh
u worked hard, see u this comeback
Your throat isn't tired and that is what's important
before anything else. avril, a legend. my forever rock queen.
ke bhi Bhai hote , says Faizyboo!
it extremely adorable?
Catch MTV NOW!
Adorable Yuu and Touko
thank you so much ris! miss and love you too
thank you babe huhu love n miss you sobraaa
I JUST downloaded tinder and this is THE BEST ISEA. Thanks, past me
Siii por favor
I will lay my head down for a bit. C ya
Anyways guys, follow on ig
The German wall
Our wall
Good evening
Shot Champ
Good luck
Lickety-split
De boa no Starbucks e toca a musica I Want to Set the World on Fire
Too good...... love it
Thanks be to GOD fo today
Wow how time flies!
my better- half (clingy
This seulrene fic is one of the best!!!!!!!!! very well written with a life lesson
Love this team,up the cozz
I hope like the songs
Thanking God for another morning
now at spot
'Uninvited Guest' by gives me THE chills. The lyrics speak to my
If you live, work or play in & loe
Omer Bhatti with little Prince, Michael Jackson and Omer's sweet mom, (Pia).
never find peace of mind until you start listening to your heart
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
i love it when JunHyung do falsetto for second voice
I would happily fetch you bacon.
You guys are doing a great job. Looking forward to picking up the game once these issues are resolved
J A C O B II
. . . to another sem with . . . yiiiiiiiiiiie.
1st for iPhone 7
That was Bora?
Didnt know it was her! Ah so happy that Bora also there
Please like, share and donate if you can
help rebuild young lives
I am
somehow alive and cannot go back to sleep after only three hours thank you cam!!
Good Morning! Thank you God for another day to begin again!
All of them
I raised her well PRETTY GIRL
Pub through Andersonville to keep this party going !
hey, please give us a retweet, in need of support raising money for
Mai lob y yo
Thanks fam!!
Congratssss
South Side, Corpus Christi, Texas
tangnanyo unf spree ako :-)
this if u wanna keep d moot moot :-)
final ment at the end of unveil made me emotional we aree so proud of you baby
Today is a new day, a day to get things right. Happy Sunday everyone, spread some smiles & kindness out there today
NYC
Thanks, fam!
S
Oh what a night My Surprise 60th Birthday Party was one of the best nights ever
Valentine
This year you're mine matriarch_angel!
And you, whom will be yours?
Good luck and always support you
Happy Sunday Everyone Have a Wonderful Day. God Bless you All.
1year 7months
My entire heart in one picture
Participo
I added a video to a playlist Buenos Dias Mi Amor Mi Vida Mi Cielo
Usapan 5 hah HAHAHAHAHAHAHA i miss u too
They are so adorable. I love them! It just breaks my heart
See you
Shelley teve suas fotografias com os reveladas
- (@Royal__Events)
or !!
Root for these girls, they have team spirit (36 Photos)
In case you needed this today
What. Delores. Said.
Today's haul: 170 Beldums, 7of which are shinies :D Reinforce is a big boy and named after a Reinhardt
I challenge anybody to listen to this and not absolutely ADORE Jenna by the end of it! My respect and love for
Okay we have got lost twice but we out here
Thank u for calling me uwu
Ncf won! Back to back is real animo tigres
lahi ra jud and feeling, words, and love sa mama ilyssssm, ma
This is what we called an art
I can hear this song playing already
If He woke you up this morning tell Him Thank you! Happy Sunday y'all!
Thank you, Rochelle!
Love should be gender free
Buenos
After the deadline (10/23), price will increase to 850 since be getting them from another supplier. Send your orders now!
Alex
Beautiful angel!
Cavs's new leader loading
Blessed Sunday
Lottts of love and best wishes to you and our little angels
Aazeen and
Thank you
We Conservative Women that Trump
200% is more powerful than HATE...Thank for spreading ..
( )
..
[VERIFIED] as Jooe from Momoland, welcome and please be active
OH, I know now... it's for Ann's Birthday HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! Have a beautiful life & every
Please like, share and donate if you can
help rebuild young lives
I am
what friends are for
Fucking into them brother
Wedding invitation ah? More like you invite me okay? I wanna come eat briyani
Looking forward to your next work. thank you
The latest Daily News! Glamping from for 5 days Click
I had an amazing time with some of my favorite people.
20181021
"Momentos maravilhosos da KANG MINA
of Gyeryong fofa e refrescante
Cutie. so proud of you
are you going to be in the parks today? huge fan of yours and would love to meet you.
Looks gorgeous the colors
Thanks be to GOD
I THIS - Please watch this amazing woman's comeback to her petty GOP political opponent. God I hope she beats
Im off to bed! Let me drop this one to make you night even more peaceful and blessed. Goodnight and sweetdreams
soon you will be reunited
Happy birthday, Di!!
Thank you
such a hypocrite read through the conversation and give us a retweet let's hope some minds are changed as of today
while we're at it, LOOK AT MY SCREENLOCKKKKKKKK
You make me happy
Gonna find me a colourblind guy so he can't see the red blemishes on my face
Be here. Be now.
Sir It's my Birthday Today can u wish me?
me quiere
Sending you much love and big hugs from Russian
Thank you very much for
Aku. Padamu.
most beautiful saturday night!
Thank you so much baby Take care and I LOVE YOU SO MUCH
181021 G-Friend 21. Seopyeonje Boseong Sori performans sergiledi!
- Me Gustas Tu
- Rough
-
I hate you too
Tuna
Spiderman in the house
I love him because he can simply be both.
hey, please give us a retweet for followers and we need of support raising money
...
i had red tiger but now its gone but i have the after red tiger cammo please fix ur game
What better gift than a book?
Lindo
Happy Birthday
skdks *smiles widely*
Happy birthday dear
Setelah wis udah
sml to my supportive friends out there
I'm Home
Tired but Super Happy
Everything is Worth It!
aaa fofoo, me senti importanteee
Love this man looks so gorgeous dressed in black
Sunday Night Habit na Yan
welcome po hehe
Love this! And well done, These are people I know who are at the forefront of where
Awe I love you guys visit soon!
SANA ALL PA GRADUATE NA DI PARIN NAGUUPDATE SA PORTAL NAMIN HUHUHU CONGRATS PO!!!!
Which jodi has a Befikre Andaaz? for & or for
Haha. I've added you. 11 days left! I'm going to be writing the 2nd YA novel in my current series....YA buddies!
ayiee congratsdhdnshdhs
After 50 years (secret na ang plus) of struggling and waiting you finally met your mate.
a thread.....
t'was nice meeting you, thank you sa magandang musika
[excuse my awful voice]
I love you
Wow! We are blown away with the and support our mama members showed us at yesterday. Here are
Babygirl Wish I could see you at the Spurs game.
si tu connais
TikTokeur officiel = elsalaughs
74k fans || 1,2M likes
What a book omg! Thank You Lord for this! You are always timely.
Happy birthday boss! love you brother
kahit abno ka, love kita.
Why? You are fucking pretty !!
I could go for some cuddles right about now
ay hindi HAHAHHA thankyou
I love such area like
obg linda
Good job proud of you guys
most important thing in life is
happy birthday !! mbtc & tca hehi godbless
My guy
hey, please give us a retweet for followers and we need of support raising money
Forever his Anal crumpet
Omg amazing
She is just so pure
Congratulations again Mr. & Mrs. Richard Bendejo
The way introduced his BF , how cute
Good Morning Loves
ni last jumpa tq made my day kena balik awal..tak dpt tengok concert tgr
Goodmorning
you're more than enough
Ask and you shall receive.
good music + good company =
Your beautiful I love you
Mehehehe I loooove youuu
While is away, Twitter as a little less beautiful.
You heard it right-
back, and this time, may kasama na kami.
Omg babies with Taeyeon
God
I can die happy now
you all for 100 followers! Thank you to my mommy for helping me out too! I love you all
Last night iPic
Happy birthday bby !
IM-
You're so pretty
Project Humanize went international tonight. There is no speech barrier when it comes to helping those in need
Feliz meu amor
omg yes
Thank you my lovely friend that's very kind of you xx Heidi keeps checking on her..she's
Same here
a beautiful way to celebrate his existence...
+ , in true style
Extremely tired but I did enjoy doing a design for an animal shelter for this semester. And also, I love dogs
Another AhIn stan woohoo Both your bias and bias wrecker are vocal goddess
Finally!!!!
I'm sorry for your loss. Deep condolences to you and your family
I know init
Aww thank you so much, your so kind I don't deserve you
Ahah
I love you
Hermoso
Good morning world!
I
wait to hear about the Dreams you helped make come true at That has to be an amazing experience to witness
Pleasure is mine
there is no deadline yet because i still need to order everything in, because waiting to see if anybody is actually interested!!
Yes
I love you, because I'm afraid you run away from me. So, I decided to pursue love.
Post bday celeb
The moon brings color to the sky,
As you bring color to my life
Aksa Bunda Ayah
.
Feliz
turn to help out
after some help xx please give us a retweet for followers and we need of support raising money
J A C O B II
. . . to another sem with . . . yiiiiiiiiiiie.
Lindo para ir a verte mi amor
Believe Me Guys , i am Feeling Like 90% of All Shilpans are Trending this.
Most Were Divided but Today Almost
L
O
V
E
Hello I want to know how much is the ticket for burn the stage? In Mid Valley n ioi?
So delighted for so happy Monty found his way home
Obsessed with my spooky nails
one of the best moments
You too Huckleberry hound
ah mais c normal hein
Thanks Jani
First movie together namin ni boyfie and been a fan of the book since it was released 3-4 years ago I think.
thank u! ikaw din HAHAHA
Few more daysssssssssssssss pig
yes love
I love you
Senior Day at WSU at 3:30!!!! Come support gsoc and our awesome seniors!! We &
Just a Marvel fan who loves french bulldog Switzerland
365 days of you to many more, I love you. Pella, Iowa
I love you
October 20-21, 2018 A night to remember.
Youre the one I want next to me when my dreams come true, and the one I want next to me if they
Admin
Yellow never looked this Good
Aag lag rahe ho Aaag
take all the time u need, we'll always be here for u when u come back as bright as always
Very interesting thread
Troo hate
i hope you feel better soon reyes
HOW TO SPEAK VIENNESE USING ONLY ONE WORD. Video Tutorial via
Being
tomorrow is my birthday
Happy birthday kaycee;) I love you so much Your dance is very beautiful Have a nice day.
Thank u for always polishing my nails wuvuuu
21 , Oct , 2018
thank you luci!
the nicest and coolest one i meet was definitely
this is my lady speaking!!!
Listening to it at the beach
Thanks Thambi
Good morning dear friend!! Have a wonderful and blessed day! Beautiful flowers !!!
But tonight I may fall too soon under this Lisbon moonlight
My life may be complete Love Love Love!!!! TCE kiddos are soooooo legit.
aaaah
bati na kami ni mama shet thankyou da best ka talaguhh
The food, the company, awesome
My gift still baking happy with that
so proud of u Brendan! voting for u
RC boyyyy Kalyan inka adagaledu just news vini react ayyadu
Cool Edit by PSPK fans
Tq
Remembering Aberfan A town not known to the larger world. A day no one would forget. Love always
Woman of God your GORGEOUS
- of Sg33 = Me
Os melhores q posso ter!
And you deserve the whole wide world . And all the love in the world.
Yaaaaas. Girls gotta just go get what they want. I confessed too, and now married to him
Fresh mixtape from the SUBHIVE crew Check it out if you're into dnb, trap, future bass etc.
What U need in this B@LLOVED
Love it and so jealous! Hope the rebuilding is going well
thank u for coming!!
I love you
Ncf won! Back to back is real animo tigres
Thanks Mom
I love your writing.
Caption this
Open BOOKING
ID :
Area : BANDUNG
EXPO :
INCLUDE/EXCLUDE ROOM
BBW Lovers
Spek :
avqevweve lablab!!!!!!
Thank you Diane. One of my favourite places in the world
so lit love
Mi guuuurlz ily bby
I being honest
most important thing in life is
Chilling on a wet Sunday afternoon
Why not!?! Enjoy all the things that make you happy!
I was so happy to see you
Such a beautiful collab I miss watching them together on a show so thank you so so so much for this
Sweetttt uncle siya pa nag iinsist na sunduin ako :-)))
CONGRATS ON 600k you deserve it soo much
YahooSports : Terminally ill Purdue student honored by Boilermakers in upset win over Ohio State
such a heart melting message
now that's what i called, GDL Connection
I love your mom so much!
wait till my baby come home
I really love she is extremely talented even know
My little Red Sox good luck charm
Streaming Let me
Thank you for always making time for me, no matter how far away you are.
hello x please give us a retweet for followers and we need of support raising money
D'accord bby
Who ever sent this I love you with my fat ass heart
Awwwwhhh such a shame is no longer in the house .... says
like , Comment and tag friends Follow: _ufcnews_ Credit: ufcnewsalerts Geoff Neal vs. Luke Jumeau
With these people I love you all, thank you for being a part of my journey, next timee
I find appealing Twitter babeariel_mfc YouTube
I remembered you posted this in your ig story. Our hands holding.
My babies
together in Vegas
.
.
.
"The Jimmy Star Show"
October 24th
with Screen Legend :
LISA WILCOX
Don't Miss It !!!
Doing my job!! Good luck brendan, incredible and rooting for you
Max just got back from a 40 min a little tired!
the best wedding date Country Villa Wedding Venue, B&B and Day Spa
One of the sweetest thing your partner can do you: kiss you in public randomly
And after all of this time, Im still into you
I find appealing Twitter babeariel_mfc YouTube
YAY thank you!!!!!
congrats on 600k you deserve it !!
Muchos
thank u for coming!!
so glad I added you to swaggy thotties because you make me laugh so much you have no idea
Kinikilig ako sa pics nila huhu so happy for you bebe enjoy ka lang there
She always wants to be an idol like Taeyeon, used Taeyeon pict on her old weibo, and now they met omg!!!! I'm bappy for you bby
I have known you a lot longer than 6 years. I love you so much
One sugar, no milk and I'll pick up some Bakewell tarts on my way up
And this is why I became a dietitian. My heart!!
Happy Anniversary Paul Jackson! I love you so much. I am thankful for sharing every day with you.
Always thankful for all of u huhu
EXO GIVEAWAY!!
0506 713 53 90 SEKS
Promoting beautiful Pakistan
The choir sang circle of life last night
Help of the helpless Lord, Abide with me
What a perfect little getaway
ukay ukay clothes and murayta bagslive session
GET THE QUALITY THAT YOU WILL BE SATISFIED!
NOTES TO
Happy birthday dear. Enjoy your day Yaa. Much love.
Yes! I love this!!!!
Todoroki Shoto with cats
That's now 2 Challenges completed today & to
Hit and I'll start another
choose one lgbt ship
My baby Nani!
Oh, this is heavenly!!
My Yerevan
Thanks, your blog.
A man that can do this has my heart
Happy birthday Periwinkle
you're really precious, i love see you in my tl. never forget how much bts loves you btw, i love your user!!
Happy Christening baby DK!
Derby La Maddonenna !
Milan vs Inter
Milano is read
Forza Grande Milan
My fave maknaes! They have the same energy lol
My boyfriend took my makeup off when I was half asleep I love this man
North Tidworth
aww so cute
Ncf won! Back to back is real animo ncf!
Sem palavras
0506 713 53 90 SEKS
Avec ma
We miss you too
thank you for the memories.
Eu amo dois homens
A Tribute to GC University Faisalabad.
They moved on ... But Never Left ....
. and in the Mastermind's house
Thank you
love u more gandamueeee
E esse zoin
lmfao unless i find something more worthy, i have any plans to change it.
Blessed sunday St. Padre Pio National Shrine Santo Tomas Batangas Philippines
So iconic haha
a Dodger fan but a Mother first. That is just precious
For keeps
watching my happy pill
Hoco have been better
Wow!!!! Congrats bb boy!!!
Priminho
Forever and Always baby
My baby honey
Thank you
CHIKI
Throwback to singing
Hoseok is my crush
Stay strong sista. We ain't giving up
one of the sweetest and friendliest eris i have ever met/talked to!
I know Christophe I too love Disney movies - Hazel
A+
patients advised to move around every 20 minutes to prolong
The ESC has advised in its
Surprised taken you this long tbf
Jimin saranghae he deserves all the love in this world
Congratulations OrgComm!!! Next year ulit?
Glad you're back safely x
Hope the treatment had the desired affect for you lil sis x
Ang sweet talaga. Thank you for guarding my heart. I trade you for anything/ anyone. I love you!
Fofinho
Hey guys
x
~Fan signing
---------
{ }
-
omg your header wow I love you
sim!
Your so beautiful hana love from international follower
for bet 2!!!
From behind the scenes ... going through the takes I found another love story "unknown beauty" !!!
Naww be sad bby everyone is here for you to fill you up stay strong love , a little bit more
Always, all ways.
Imagine
Spa day is more fun with these bunch!
for keeps
these two fangirls of taeyon are just soooo cute
To be in love
Ma crush : trop mon frr
Moi :
i hope this will be the last one
yasss gurl ily!
Watch
on
Offline? Hit the button ' follow'
TQ Bro
support the survey, everyone.
Sana // I Belong to the Zoo.
The flawless !
Follow everyone who LIKES and RETWEETS this
Turn On My Notification
I wish I was there with you honey, hopefully soon! I love you sweetheart!
Sex is for the marriage bed only. Amen.
I knowww plus they look like goddesses ugh
Kyoukai no Kanata
ve son.
Thank you
I just wanna be myself and not hide who I am
Yeyyyyyy BAGONG DESIGNS BA ORBWHAT OMGKDJIWJS WHAT CAN WE EXPECT IN YOUR CUMBACK? JAHSJWHSHSHSHAHA
Dudinha faz 3M
It it
Hi everyone. Please confirm your attendance for the pop-up via this event page as well.
cuteee GRABE NA
naman po TOH
I cant wait to see the cod action much love bro
You know how much i love EXO?
A Lot
you before anything else
hey Liam... can you help... please give us a retweet for followers and we need of support raising
BET 5
if following!
Effort means everything to me .. so in love
You are more than welcome anytime!
Oh, I sooo wish I could've been there!
Goodmorning to all my beautiful chocolate women
Gracias
Vous aimez la ohotos ?
Love you guys and I miss you!
Watch my jr stream !
Feliz vieja
If this real love, I know what this is
really glad I got this bitch by my side as always!
Halloween concept
A+
eat well bb
HAHA!! SALAMAT ELEANOR!!! Hope to see you more often!!!
Don't really want to sound too hokey but maybe the Universe is telling you to switch off and recharge
Luhhhh... but... Thank you for celebrating with us po. God bless
~~
I hold my love back from you, gotta sing, sing my love
Forehead kiss
First and last
I wanna grow old with you -westlife.
Prof Lewin
People's Choice Award. Ayie, I'm the proudest viely. Keep it up!
Thank you so much Titas
Happy birthday to the lovely
Thank you for letting Harry borrow your womb (and taught him to
I love u so fucking much
Me and
Cameras are a girls best friend (45 Photos)
Kahvesiz Hatice, Hatice siz olmaz
Thank youuu
Goodnight!
literally used all my votes, want you to win so much
Thanks for serenading my fam.
saranghae Umma
Vote for to go through to next week
Hope to see you more often! Thank you also!
Miaouss shiny dans un oeuf. contente
Yes sis. You handled it right
Thank you my main bitch Love you forever!
hi sweetie
Os melhores
Good Sunday
with US Forever
never let this cruel world take that smile of yours
thank you sandiii
Can't imagine why that would draw any attention to you. Usually, boobs are enough.
hate me
What an amazing individual.
It'll be fine, promise
My little Axel
Love this! LOVE you!!! So happy to hear this
mulher vc arrasa
Do we look proud or what?
Eastern Kentucky University
i voted for them
Never ever compare Lil Wayne to another artist
Love and light, beloved
Good afternoon yall!! HAPPY TWENTY-FIRST DAY OF KEITHTOBER!!!
2 DAYS UNTIL HIS BIRTHDAY
Love this
Bem lindinha
Hala si Natnaaaat! you're the real epitome of beauty, brain, and behavior, trust me. thank youuu!
That is adorable! I love the joy he shares in these animals.
di na po!! okay na hehe thank
I love you, angel
thank you sm miss u!!
Woops HAHAHA
Happy birthday
Thank you for every gushy text you send me to encourage me when life is really crappy.
Girlfriends
yiiiieee thanks to both of you ule
Adore Dahlias
Hope you are okaay dude
YAYYY FINALLY!!!!!!!!
Get you an instagram jowa
Awe.
I hope you have a Happy Sunday as well!!!
Please
Please
I'm honoured
My
Seulgi
Thank you Father God
Please
Please
Sis rt krleti many itny dill see na ye video lala k liye
Lala please reply krdein meri bhi
My Everything
Happy christening to our bulilit friend!! (jokee) love you td!!!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY ULIT MWA
Never forget the ones who love you back.
Cuties
Thats Alright Ryan I Guarantee Theres More Room On The Outside Than On The Inside And Were All Family
Congratulations, Bulacan Division! 9th Annual Locale Choir Music Festival 5778 Champion. Congrats to all the
his special day
Good morning Levi
You are honestly the best
an amazing song and I listened to it on repeat
This is the John Wall I know and love
[Tls] HAI SAYANGIEEEE BOLEH MINTA BANTU VOTE GAKKK??? VOTE '3SOME AWEUSOME' JUSEYOOOOOOOO ~~~ MAKASIH
Congratulations darling
LIVE!
Charity Event
Fallout 4 & PUBG
NeuroIsDelicious now streaming Tom Clancy's The Division, go show them some love
thank you for doing your best in everything, I love you more than anything
pltl HAI SAYANGIEEEE BOLEH MINTA BANTU VOTE GAKKK??? VOTE '3SOME AWEUSOME' JUSEYOOOOOOOO ~~~ MAKASIH
Jesus this is Chicago!!!
Omg. They are my favorite couple from Bollywood
Flipping lush morning with my church family.
Huhu there was a story behind this shirt. Iba rin yung puso nung
Te love
imysm more & ilysm more!!!! cheer up
You did a great job! I'm so proud
"You wanted to be a light so bright." // Page 15 of RUDRA.
Illustrator of Art Unknown. (Please tag if known
In perfect time
Yes you should i'm so proud of you
maomao_army: RT Selitung: 181021 Golden Night in Taipei Preview 2
Dogs are the best. If you dont have one, you're missing out.
hello nang. i wish ur happy all the time. hehe dont take away ur sunshine away from u. lovelots
Monkey D Luffy on Double A4 size drawing paper -mixed media-
I guess this is my favorite inktober 2018
I find appealing Twitter babeariel_mfc YouTube
Dustin told me all I have to say is move down here and come.
I agree. Take it easy today. Always
SHET AABANGAN KO TO
But why Mercedes?
Exciting news!
My
Love you
Thank you baby
Mine everyday crush.
TEXAS KIN
the highlight of my day, weekend, life. (he put that sticker there himself)
2018.10.21
Are you okay?
Please take care of yourself
Always remember :
Interested is interesting
Iloveyou!
happy birthday ate
in with this song
Always
Love to share. Health to spare. Friends who care
Valentine
This year you're mine shosh_200!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Thanks for supporting me sister, although we just knew each other for a few months but we click and blend so well
hey, please give us a retweet for followers and we need of support raising money
Nako nadhine, the best things come to those who wait. Wait lang ng wait para super duper best HAHAHAHAHAHAH
wonderful
Lovess!
Cachalofffff
Is this more backup?? HAHAHA salamat prends
I received a lot of dms from random people and now i can't stop crying thank you, laban ra oy
Weeehooooo more power to women
Valentine
This year you're mine soffragette!
And you, whom will be yours?
please show this to mom
Shet walang acads tommmm
Bridesmaid for a day.
Friends for life
.
.
.
wish u luck sis nada and keep going all the best and "NEVER EVER GIVE UP , WE CAN DO IT AGAIN"
my bro, we will sort it soon. Only local to you aswell.
Laughter is the best medicine join us October 24th comedyandmagicclub!
See you in just over a fortnight - am plotting my dinner already
Jim Hooper
Thank God for another unpromised day
Good morning Sunday
Please check my Amablesser cover
Pets have more love and compassion in them than most humans.
Love you miss you
I love every single day of my life.
Chuu~~!
Yes, he loves it and that makes it so much more lovely
My day will be very happy because I saw you, my angel, my love, my happiness
THE BOOM TRAIN - CHALLENGE
CHALLENGE BET 2 INPLAY -
-
Like and
pretty just the way you are
Become a Virtual Assistant: Make $35 to $50 Per Hour or More!
What do you value the most in a friend? Kindness
Happy 9 years of friendship
Aaaand finally!!! My voice is back!!! Few more days left before the Concert
goodluck tomorrow bff i love yaaaa
misss stay as u are. hehe youll always be an angel to others
My Mick Rock book is looking so freaking awesome right now!
My happiness
Kim Kiefer is proud to hold the sold sign on her new 2016 Chevy Equinox! Sold by Erick Mays from our
when you see it
so kakauwi ko lang from up vs ue game, but as a and trash
Merci alloun, having you is the best beautiful gift in my life hayete
Maybe I'm just a sentimental fool
Bringing back memories from a photograph of you
Yay this team na hindi takot mag deviate sa traditional chuchu ng simbahan Sobrang love from their utaks,
In the end, all held in a photograph
I have always been taught to never give up on anything I love. That won't start now.
Alreeeeeeeeeet! get balls deep in an early Sunday stream. Hope to see some of you little radgies there
You guys truly deserve this
Rest Easy Big Bro
Amo-te bb
hey, please give us a retweet for followers and we need of support raising money
you're pretty and always getting prettier times by times uwu and yes i missed it
LOL ... the new girl. Show how much I a new season. I like to be surprised.
Omg my daughter Ava would love these. Thank you for the chance to win
New Whatsapp Status Video 2018 HD HOT: via
a such incredible singer, sending you lots of love! Louis is luck to have you ps: you
Awww!! You gotta love those filters Lololololol!!!
Happy birthday, Princess!
seriously looking for a best friend HMU serious inquires only
They deserve the world
JESUS came to SEEK and SAVE the lost
I support you always, my precious wanna one
GORILLAZ SONG 2 JUNTO A GRAHAM COXON LPM DAMON DEJATE YA DE JODER Y A BLUR HDP
Pretty
Thank you Evie! Miss ur face
map blushh! merci cherie
hey partner weekend kita
Ummmmm BLUSH!!! This is so crazy sweet of you!!!
Sometimes this gets random rts and and I'm so proud because it's my 2nd taekook fanart and it's already
Pumpkin patch later with my nyPie
Baby, I'm the proudest!
Jk ily more than BTS
AWATE ARGENTINA AHRE XDD
That is so nice!! Congrats girl
of course!!
I added a video to a playlist New Whatsapp Status Video 2018 HD HOT
Yesss I love that they are so cheesy and romantic
And if I said I loved em you can keep it nevermind
hey, please give us a retweet for followers and we need of support raising money
I hope all my babies going in now have fun
Keep them coming Pam be still my beating heart what I'd give to have a cuddle
How true this is
Bringing awareness on vision loss via come join my YouTube family family
uyy want ko din yan hehe, thank u princess!! gbu
Thank you for this.
LOVE, a wonderful
Thing
+2
3 rules HAHAHA uy HAHAHAHA only marupoks know yieeeee
All the very best ma'am My best wishes are always with u ma'am Burn the stage
All Saturday tickets will be honored for today's programs at We can't wait to spend this Sunday enjoying poetry with you!
(allah c.c)
Read this !! Please & thank you you have an awesome fan right here
Sis rt krleti many itny dill see bnai ye video lala k liye
I was thinking the same.
They will always hold a special place in my heart Tamarind Square Cyberjaya
she is the best
happy birthday hope your day is filled with & muse. thankful for you!
New/Old of Dakota with her friend Elena back in 2015 (Via realitysomething IG &
Congratulation Marc!
We will always support you
Listen to this like every single day Crazyyyyy!
Happy birthday to my best friend inna world wit her sensitive crybaby ass omg got my guy through thick n thin
Eeeiii so not yet 27th but this Dawn I dreamt I was dancing Romantically with I swear
CP
enough. enough. enough.
all this time away from her loved ones...the toll on her is immense.
Aww thanks girl
proud of you
Wooh thanks for this Check out her vlog!
10 years ago
Quality time. at Bato Springs San Pablo, Laguna
Enjoy this picture of me as a nugget hope your day gets better!!!
I got this
Ciao amorcito
Clean your bed before going to sleep.
It's Our prophet Muhammad SAW's Sunnah
Call her Very regal and beautiful.
The juxtaposition is as beautiful as it is terrifying.
I want all of you sorry
Omg me too We need to go sister shopping for new beds
Finally
Head like a fucking cow.
The best stories watching Kapuso Mo, Jessica Soho (One at Heart, Jessica Soho)
181020
Para sa lisensya
Gorgeous make up.
Hahahaha tanto love anche per te
happy birthday brother enjoy it man.
Gayatri and Radhika
Meera and Veronica
Elena and Omisha
Deepika and Sonakshi
Aww baby :"c stay strong love sending my deepest condolence to you and your family
Sure sure!!
Universal consciousness and the direction of bubbles.................
on tmmrw.
I'll never forget JG and thank you for sharing this photo. It's just lovely of you both
Church is not defined by how nice and big the building is. It's defined by how everyone is loved as a family.
Thank you my love. just not feeling myself right now
J A C O B II
. . . to another sem with . . . yiiiiiiiiiiie.
Tears of joy and best wishes coming from my heart for both and lots of love guys.
So so happy with our wedding photos which dropped into our inbox this afternoon thank
Happy birthday Emily so glad we got close this year, have a great day ily
Freaking addictive
hey, please give us a retweet for followers and we need of support raising money
you so
fucking
precious
when you
have sangue nos
- > ALDUB Pa Rin!
She has always been the girl of my dreams...My centerfold....my heart...my life.
the sweetest fam
ok so I will wear something from a Studio Ghibli film
So excited for to come. work, work, work
I want to go out get cute one of these days ...
Merci
can't wait
Love these guys!!! Is Awesome!!! wait for the event.
thank you
Sr. White
Love this
Code ? Lance ? Remake!!!!! ERRORS!!!!! BUG!!! DUO please make solo games !! Jarrive Pas a !!! Lance a
Awe great it
Chexk and check! so proud of my alma mater!
Vadachennai and pariyerum perumal also good content
Where my wife at
I still love you
They're all underrated goddesses
There is always something to be thankful for! (Insert tokwanginasal Festival Mall
Happy Halloween
Absolutely stunning you are so beautiful
very very nice, well done :)
You're my one in 7.53 Billion
Stream QUEEN BARBS
Good morning
That is why is awesome!
Happening now here at BDJ 2019 Launch Weekend
Be fearless in what sets your soul on fire. .
it bugs me how everyone is complaining at you about releasing another album. Like shit, take your time. You can't rush art
There's NOTHING like American muscle cars.
Still playing smile inc can u please put an update on . smile more
This banger is back at in the ! Congrats &
.
.
.
Wow hilarious legendary shit much & respect
Feliz dia a todas las mamis.
Saw them other day they have my size suit you x
Salah scoring is a beautiful thing
Matcha Sundae + Choco butternut
Ugh
the way she says at the end
AAAAAAA thank you so much
the truth
Had the best time last night with my best friends.
omg indeed an intellectual! back then i also considered taking up bs pharmacy in college but i
This guy will always be one of my favorite people on the planet.
- kim mingyu will be on a hiatus this week -
pwede nyo pa din ako i-dm :) i love you all
haaay bless her heart
Shit KONJE ONYX used to do KARAOKE ... What a time
..
The perfect accessory
Rip Grant
at enerGEEwhizz features Henry came in for his first class this Monday and it so
Have fun and enjoy the city
Nice robe. It looks good on him.
thank you berntits!!!
Wondering what will wear and suprise n others on their wedding
Last night was so much fun. I'm glad it was with you
Valentine
This year you're mine cbeosrage!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Yo bebee
Well done you motivation
Watching Disney vlog and actually in tears again I wait to experience it all next week
Your welcome my mayn
Happy Birthday, Sisterbear!!! Love you!
Te Amore
Thank you for not exposing me miss you and everyone on the j
wow look at my BEST friend, such a beauty
Congrats to the Matthews!
Good job Sajia Afreen Anushka
Best of luck dst
I appreciate you thank you!!
Congratulation most success actress
+
......Love my Tribe
Today isa good day
Its all in your mind , u create the energy an vibe.#DreamOn
I wait to see you
I'm happy just by simply seeing you smile. Please stay that way, mi amore.
Same here but with doing the bakealong I am learning to enjoy it
I love this song and it was one of the first songs I learnt on guitar when I was 8 or 9 lol
Your doing great
Jungkook really be out here like
\
/ \
He Knows Your Name London, United Kingdom
Cole B Whittemore
Thank you so much Janice
I love this video
fresh glam session with these beauties at 5, fashion runway party thanks for choosing
because is a great show with an absolutely fantastic team
Someone has played outside all day
Lewis Thompson
Ahhh thanks Marta
gn ty for le strum
Hoor
baby
Everyone knows life will rip you apart and when it does I promise I'll be your light in the dark
regards to tita!! Tell her I love n miss her ly lei
NO PUEDE SER TAN HERMOSO LPM ES PERFECTO ESA SONRISA Y ESOS HOYUELOS.... TODO DE VOS ES NAM TE AMO
Rest Easy Grant.
Play Cracker Ninja and win POCO F1
Light up crackers with Mi
Brothers
jonga, I love you
K, thanks bye
Amen! Hallelujah! Thank you God for working in my life.
We our coaches and the amazing work they do
I will try my best.. Thank youu
My this morning
My little sister made cupcakes for family
Solid Youth Camp Chapter 3
are somebody to me though
u xx
Finally got it! Cannot wait to start it!
Those moments when you realise your boyfriend is the most awesome guy his first night looking after the boys
Your time is coming....I can feel it
Meu capetinha
happiest birthday to my forever girl crush i'm happy that you're happy!! always
Beautiful! is that in the water?
My love
/
~ Full Volume & Exclusive Content on !~
was that a hash tag typo or nod to Rich Tandler perhaps?
adorableeeee
Winona Forever
Good morning! Heading to a pumpkin patch with the nephews. Wishing my girls,
thank you boo
This . While working for a law enforcement agency has made me a little frustrated with game days, I am and will
So unreal thank you for everything !! What an amazing
Hey pretty boy
Gooo shorty
David, Thanks for the follow and please feel free to RT and our pictures.
Thank You Everyone
sem break plans? rewatch GoT
Big john
Thanks to and for the host the other Day! It means a lot to me! Thanks
Aw man! Sorry to hear it, Ash!
Officially removed Niagara Falls from my bucket list. And I took our Shaku Shaku there. To God be the glory
Gurl, 5 days to go! And be turning 18!
pic:
you were such a sweetheart i love that you actually reply to my instagram dms!! see u again
Great win Panthers-keep game
happy birthday saga! i wish you all the best.
i hope you had a beautiful day Take care
Shoutout to the achs band really get the credit deserve fye af
Valentine
This year you're mine DeemAlsaleh!
And you, whom will be yours?
I miss you pas! :((
these guys are for keeps.
Ciao moglie
Claire, brillie, and emma are seriously kids that I like they all have their own charm, smart, and well mannered
Session na! Miss this!
RT if you missed the ODI wala Virat Kohli.
Mamamoo - Egotistic
is
Minha vida
Good morning
IF HEARD IT ALREADY. ft In my bed IS OUT NOW ON SOUNDCLOUD YOU BE DISAPPOINTED !
Don't Forget To Vote Nanba Nanbis
Thank you for everything you do. Your audiobooks make me look forward to my daily commute.
fathers
It's our pleasure. If you need any other help, feel free to let us know. Have a lovely day - Selena
Jesus is love
Jesus is love
How can someone not have an orgasm after seeing this photo ???
this MAN HAS IT ALL !!!
I STAN YOUR
I believe I have longer decades to spend with her and with him.
Aaahhh this cutie!
Adra adra ooo ooo anbaana director
Found myself humming this song as I was doing laundry ....
Thank you for the cross, Lord
Thank you for the
My My Sunshine is gonna shine
All the very best champ
For you gonna shine
it's nice to meet you aaah you're really cute in person tbhh
My Lady is ready... treat her like a lady
.
.
.
L V E this
Merci maman.
Jesus went thru it too, King
Hope you feel better quickly x
The lights were so beautiful Tim's voice was so beautiful. This song is beautiful.
Reunited
There she is, that smile
u222222
Tots about lichelle? sobrang bait ni ate lichelle & very sweet siya sa amin
Jesus is love
Despite everything, I feel SO grateful
U ok babe xx
Merci mon gros
Thinking of our beautiful boy on his 13th Birthday.
Remembering his cheeky smile.
Thank you all so much for your fantastic support
The love you share in your will never fall apart
Date with the grandparents tomorrow Pero ting release sad og grades
Simplesmente perfeito
Random Trekkie gave us free pizza! I love this community!
"I'll eat you up, I love you so"
Moms so clutch she making me breakfast before I hit the road
I love to see this army of Patriots supporting our Patriot in Chief
I hope you've been well friend
as hell, strong as hope, and sweet as me
Is he even real? How can he be this beauTAEful?
I love youuuu my Nephew
Snrea
Hey sister, hope you're okay I've sent you a lil instagram dm
Happy to help Marla Feel free to post on our Facebook page and include a graphic. Will share on Instagram
happy birthday baby Granddaughter ...Granny loves you! Have a blessed wonderful day
RT if you are loving the the & duo. No matter whom you love or whom you hate.
Happy birthday
I love the drop in !! loved hearing it on the radio and loved it even more when I saw it live on tour. x
puedes!
We've laughed, cried, and cringed. NOW it's time to fall in LOVE with the LIVE EPISODES! Set
Good mornin' twitter!!
So Sweet!
Been through it all too many times man I know the feels here if you need anything keep your head up
Ah ben Ca va alors
never know a love like mine. a promise
Brixton
Feliz
to my bagong hired happy pill, please be my constant.
10. what I love about myself:
- im a caring and loving person towards my family and friends wehehe
This little lady sure is loved! Such a fun a weekend at Grammie and Rulfs Orchard
New Video Online
I have already lived a long life, sweet girl.
Introducing the DEAL OF THE DAY! Get 40% off the featured item with code DOD40 when checking out!
Get well soon ma paayo intawn diha ha i love u always
MIO
Need to thank for making me a Sunday dinner made my Sunday !!! You are a star!!!!
Et vien ma photo avec trio boys
180901 INK CONCERT
a kiss for all NCTzens from doyoung
cr. tinkerbelle dy
| DEJA VU CAMERA CREW, A Female team of & visit us
ik win
Best of luck
Je t'aime
Miss you estupido
With Shia LaBeouf and Zachary Gottsagen at the Event in Denver
On empty stomach, one cannot live well nor love well
*screams* ang gwapo ni father Badong. :)))))))))))))))))
Yeah. ...I love these selfies
Bom Dia!
les desea un muy feliz
Virat Kohli is a blessing
One of the most heart touching scenes.
Jungle track was truly a blessing
I so wish you were running the whole of the UK .
Jared + snap?
made me think of hip hop clarinet. Thought you might like this :P
[ Life In Liverpool ]
For More Amazing Photos & Photographers Check Out Our Instagram Page
InsyaAllah better days are on their way
So happy to have this experience with them
Golf R will always be my favourite
This A Dream (Let Me Love You)
CH.2: Bag Charms, Vending Machines, and Rooftops
out! read it
/ -
~ Full Volume & Exclusive Content on !~
Day 21 - Fingertip
I love my town It's a town with genuine character, packed with potential, established & emerging quality pubs!
sterek: [For Happy birthday, Amanda! ]
Nak this one somebody please?
First game tomorrow and gonna dedicate every tackle for you. I miss you cheenoooy
I'll be at work so don't think I forgot
*heart beat intensifies*
Himnae! Saranghaeeee
Awwww Dakota y Elena con una foto del 2015 cutes
This weeks training with our new girl Sophie
Sophie will be working from our Lime Falkirk
Valentine
This year you're mine Neleont!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Recommended Sunday morning listening: a playlist honoring the work of Richard Swift.
Spotify:
This is so incredible!
Chakra 1 Root, by on 24/7 commercial free DJ Mixes
a love fest right now between & Hear them gush over each other NEXT!
Ownt meu amor ele aa, te amo
AT AGE 29*
VIRAT KOHLI THE LEGEND
Good morning, try to enjoy your day
monkeyyyy
My mom bday too ! May she Rest In Peace.. Love And Miss You Mami
woaahhh ate 9 years and counting
Thank You, you too!!!!!!
Who do you think has the best Saari Dance? for or for
Thank you Colin
I know you can do it well as always my love
Jshsdhfb THANK YOU
HIIII I POSTED THE WHOLE COVER ON MY PAGE
Y gracias, muchas gracias, Rita
I love to see how supportive shows me every time a different side in you, and I Love to see it
God is greater than the giants we face.
mcd
is the precious gem of our country !
SO SMOL
Haply bday little miller thanks for being the little sis I never had and hanging out with us more than meg ily!!
jd nga pasalubong and piaya from iloilo is from bestfriend
It's gonna be You for sure!
Thank you so much
Thanks Josie I was having a bit of a meltdown last night and all sorts of shit was going through my head.
Love you !!!!
Oh I just that face!
Thank you for being my stress reliever
Dapat Pro. No hart feelings
-IKAW /
Lovely habis
Thank you so much, and I wish you the same, girl
High five! I thought it was pretty slick and very on-trend, esp with the color
Thank you doll hope you enjoyed your night
grazie per ieri
Michele's Twitter Party will start in 1 hour! can't wait for everyone's tweets!
SEGUIDORES? SIGUEME Y TE SIGO YAAA avisa con#SIGUEMEYTESIGO 1.1
A thank you:
Alhamdulilah for the good and the bad
not aging yes. But he is getting more and more beautiful
Danny tetley is the sweetest little soul I just love him
I believe I will be seeing them twice next month I love you boys
Thank you
That shit is straight fire!!!!
worth it on repeattt
There's nothing more i could ask from 4 hours 30 minutes convo
Gracias
he did such an amazing job!! his dancing was awesome I was so impressed
Hope you have a great day too
He liked his porridge today, he finished it and wanted more. thank you fairy grandmother janizcarmona. (he
Sana all masaya at kontento
happy birthday to one of my oldest besties hope you have the best day!! so much
Awww...
Tekken 7 has sold 3M units worldwide, I hope I can say that of Soul Calibur one day!
This never fails to amaze us!
Those days That's exactly on my fav
Thank you Harshyy
this will forever be so precious
it will always make me cry
his journey
Win's Herojoys , reserved for in the
For info and adoptions please contact in the first
Come live with me in Germany and spoil you
Shopping with my darling
Bunlar hep sevgiden
Inlove with you absolutely perfect
Your welcome
Thank you my love you are the sweetest ever !!!
So much talent
This kid though
EYES ARE PRETTY TOO GIRLS LOOK AT ME
+ =
&
Please send her lots of love
ty!
"The Story of the Aged Mother"
All of my guy friends are so handsome
I listened the first 20 minutes this morning. Pretty good! Go hiking now, will listen the rest later tonight. Thx Ladies
ss
Sleeping with her arms straight up.
Complete Thankyou, Lord.
it's my best friend birthday today! She's your biggest fan
This is amazing
Im happy to Tuesday
Kiss and make up - Dua Lipa &
Blackpink
happy birthday sweetheart
this news but I do admire you greatly, and look forward to your safe return.
love you!
as if something brought you guys back together. Like something deeper than just a text or a DM. Super cute
Thank u so much Mika to supporting us. It's very important for our beginning
awee
6 months ago
naraid66
t0ae0d1p1pw0
Wishing my parents a Happy 40th Anniversary today!
Happy Sunday
Am I the only one that ship them.
and wait, there's more! panoorin niyo rin yung 'the smile has left your eyes' mapapaisip ka talaga kada
Thank you Sugarpie.
kim mingyu captured him just right :"))) my first love
Feliz , les desea !!!
Congrats and the team creamline
honeys
is what separates the good from the Michael Jordan
Classic
50 comes up for King
31 Pictures of Dakota at the Global Down Syndrome Foundation Event in Denver
When your track played in the mighty Thx for supporting my track
thank you divine!
Blessings Juliette! I hope this helps you achieve some balance and peace as you hope.
Bu aksam
Adam Hope you have a safe flight!
Faixaa
Pops amazing!! Well done
i really really miss and want this.
Awww... My baby
I you more
Love you
Play Coin Master with me!
LOVING AGATHA!! SHE'S A LOW CLASS BITCH!!
a happy Sunday
Happy birthday to Ranpo-san The greatist detective!
Stream will probably be live later tonight since we are all getting the family together for a surprise birthday for my aunt!
Yes,Excited !!!!
I just saw this. Please ignore my DM! Definitely not urgent.
Italian language is such a beauty.
Valentine
This year you're mine mmriiy_!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
de hoje
EYES ARE PRETTY TOO GIRLS LOOK AT ME
I'm so bless to have friends as thoughtful, caring, and loving bibis iloveyouuuuu
Foi
iKON - 1021 SBS Inkigayo via
Thanks for the support
dropping new music the day before my birthday wait
You've got this
I am joking man mather nub With valto i will win Lan tho
You Cute Sis
Happy birthday my friend
Erza is shakin, Ezra.
2 shifts TWO SHIFTS before 5sos
Good Morning Loves
REMINDER : NO ONE LOVES YOU EXCEPT ALLAH
I Book It! Keep reading!
gonna look beautiful no matter what
This wat happens when we work together proud of
And am in love with your dp
I meeting residents like who are so excited about our specialty
I tap into this sis
these girls are slaying
Last order : Payment complete on 21 Oct. 2018 ~
Sarkar Teaser's Real Time Views Crossed 20Million
happy birthday doll , hope you have a fab day
Absolutely love this.
I have bookmarked it.
.@Primark thank you!
Your Welcome!
"no gandi baat" today
our shiro
Thanks man top 3 skirmish btw
Congrats honey!!!! Fizzy loves you
Aw thank you, Corinne. You are so kind. Was lovely to meet with you at Dunhill.
OMG AN ANGEL tell her I miss her !!
Guppies are so beautiful!! Tetras too. Such beautiful glimmering fins
maraming salamat Dela cruz fam for the warm welcome the bessssst!
Omg.... am I dreaming???Thank you so much for the like This means so much to me Lots of and
Hope you feel better soon!
The more I listen to eminem the more his word affect me
Snow Patrol
gracias por compartir
Happy birthday another close mate of mine who is more family than friend
Sherlock to
you're the x factor winner this year and that's a fact love you
I very much appreciate those mind-waves.
A N N E M
Thank you. I love you so much.
I hope a positive experience.
Happy birthday Ellie I love you
How your flight ?
Free Skate goes at 1600 Eastern( 4 PM) Alaine is up 1st!
You're welcome Such a cute and funny man
Awesome I love that movie it was great
I understand. Just remember to be proud of who you are. A faulty mic doesn't define who you
,
Hi, MEL , ... THANKS TO YOU FOR ALL INFORMATION LOVELY,
AND I'AM TOTALY
"Be a lover not a fighter... But always fight for what you love... "
Your visions are now in every home across America. Thank You for seeing what we all admire. That counter though!!!!
Thank you for the recommendation!
I wish i could have the abundance of highlighters and markers
x
~Fan signing
---------
{ }
-
Awww te amo
And a very tittie's good morning for today
it...
Thank U
+ in Massachusetts!
eu t amo amor
Ily lolo!
Friends & coffee help fight the chills. Especially when loved together.
The best
Missed
Meet Chili and Happie
Wow. Okay, thanks
Fall back in love with your bike!
New video up on my YouTube Channel.... Check it out...
.
.
.
Hey daddy, i love you more please stay with me
Revivre ces moments la en 2019 avec
Like | Retweet | Comment
FollowUs for more Bible Updates
writing an incredible story, one that deserves to keep being written. Stay, and let your light continue to shine.
i'll take both
With Shia LaBeouf and Zachary Gottsagen at the Event in Denver
Happy 141st to us hubs thank you for making me fall in love with you over and over again
Thank you my love
Meus amores
goodluck babe, ldr is so hard trust me may Allah ease everything
Samimiyet bee
Harris Dickinson
You guys were, are and will always be the heart of Charmed. Love you both beyond the stars.
Ohhh this voice
You sing prettily taeyeon ah.. you work hard today too!!
Head up girl
Eu amo meu Deus
to the person reading this, everything will be just fine, be strong!
thanks lyvvvv berry lake was so fun
how i feel after watching suits for the longest time! goodluck beautiful
Football
-Like
-Rt
Born as a cousin, made as a friend.
Thanks pturnerama for this amazing photo of us at the wedding party! London, United Kingdom
Aaaaaa i want to try this too hihi... give ;)
GOLDEN CHILD TEASER IMAGES WITH TAG
Jesus is love
We are SO PROUD of the progress Lesely's made on her DIY Incubation Booth kits! After Nov.
Thanks have a great day
Going Coastal Vlogs Our place is so amazing
yo girl cant contain herself anymore and finally speaks out, so proud
thank you elisha ann! HAHAHAH bond na again, laptrip lagi eh YOU'RE ALWAYS WELCOME! I LOVE YOU MORE!!!
Just One Bite Ep6 S2
Chulmin so lovely
I miss you
It's that we all deserve
Last night's surprise for since the birthday girl was on call as she greeted her 31st. I You!
Who knew it was so rass expensive to pick your own pumpkins good day with the family tho Farmer Copleys
Noted team.
Gonna give it my all!
Metin Oktay
Um well we all think she is
omggg this is awesome!!! it is for sure that hoseok will appreciate this
Fated Journey via
Guys, my husband released his second album today!!!!
Interesting.
That happened with a stray dog.
We offered food. It didn't eat. She just wanted to hang out
I wait to get a huge Taylor swift blanket some day to put on my bed preferably a red blanket
Awaited Combo
Can't
Routine FIFTY for KOHLI
Hiii ateeee please reply made my day hehehehehe Hellooooo bb!!
New Hair Color
qt wallpaper
CONGRATS! Sending you all and the kiddos lots of love and happiness!
Silly baby
Comment letter by letter to get featured
Comment about your baby
Tag your baby
see our daughters embrace our culture and dance like this
A little reminder: you are loved
Congratulations champ!!!
My favorite EXO song is monster and baby don't cry
veggie salad for midnight snacks
just want to say hun, how proud I am of you, keep doing what your doing hun! Have a good day
And happy to this amazing, beautiful and strong mamas You have
Absolutely this!
is now online
He's full of cuteness and softness
Be still my beating heart ..
Only just seen this C! get
My kind of meryenda date Thank you and love you ateng at SM Megamall EDSA
You get all the bigger
okay confirmed this b right here AINT goin but have fun at prom, friends !!
Que lindo tw
I FEEL VERY ATTACKED! BOW DOWN TO THE QUEENS BTCHES! We are not worthy!
I'm fine hun, still thinking of you and your family
Unboxing videos are great when there's a shoe try-on involved
Epic stuff as usual, by
When we bring to others, we will not be Bring 2 all sentient beings instead.
Another magic visit to my favourite city back in December with a thing! On sale soon!
Michelle Vito at SM Valenzuela Super pretty loves!! Love youuu
I will this afternoon
Open BOOKING
Ready VCS
ID :
Area : JAKBAR
EXPO : -
BUSUI LOVERS
More info cek bio!
Make a move and move on a bit
Thanks for the coffee and going with me to sk8 Love and appreciate u so incredibly much
happy Sunday over here
The music tho
I just heard a shop playing We Young.
New
eyyyyy, but seriously that was really interesting! I appreciate your insight
My Soulmate
Happy birthday to the beautiful Carrie Fisher. Your star is shining brighter than ever before. I raise
elizetegcruz
You're just Amazing goddess
"DOWNTOWN" in 5 days 26M views Guys
i hope u like it
My first Oil painting Of
A wonderful day celebrating Sara & James special day definitely love in the air lots of happy tearswe all
thank you Lord
Kindness and grace - for those in dire situations
Rt for WhatsApp
(Selective only)
Thailand
I love my team!!
x
~Fan signing
---------
{ }
-
congrats, arron!
So cute my baby
Open BOOKING
ID :
ID :
Area : JAKARTA
EXPO : -
BBW Lovers
More info
Amen
Three hands
Alf Mabrouk waiting
Thank you Lord! Stand
thank u ivannn!! gbu too
you wait
Congratulations to Saiyan Reborn! Underdog team goes to CHAMPION MPL SEASON 2!
By the way is precious
We ha e 4 of these beauties, check them out here...
SALUS SPORT - KOMBAT TEAM HAIDA
HAPPY MUSTAPHA
Info:
SALUS SPORT S.S.D. a
Free singup Today!
Local girls share
[twicetagram update] by Tzuyu
When I was young I didn't really take notice of yellow, but I don't know why
Valentine
This year you're mine Neleont!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Goodnight din Iluvumore and imissumore
0506 021 13 43
Looking to explore, Thanks for the follow and please feel free to RT and our pictures.
God had truly blessed me and answered my prayers. He sent me roommates that gives me food
Yet another vision to implement by the daily
It was so much more than that!! Can't thank you enough for it!! Speechless!!
One of my fav song
Congrat for you dis with this song
I'm so blessed for having him.
Probably the cutest thread ever saw in this cracky
Makamingaw jud ang jhs na classmate mingaw nakog guitar2 lol nice kaayo ka jam
I find appealing Twitter babeariel_mfc YouTube
Thankyou very much Balvinder I'm happy you enjoyed my performance, love for the props that is very much appreciated!
Thank you for & RT
A man with his Coffe
Yang
Good times!!!!
What's the latest thing that made you smile? ? My Uncles kitten
the best see you in a couple of weeks?
gonna guess 20.6 inches long and weighs 8 lbs 5 oz
Whyyy can I not retweet your stuff but Anywho, ur da best
yes, Sat after Christmas,
I love this song soooooo much
Love u so much, thankyou and everyone else who understands u guys are my world no matter what
So happy to hear that
Retweet follow daily quotes to remind your self and others you are beautiful
Wow! fascinante
sorry to those that were delayed but this story cracked me up.
happy birthday to my conjoined twin!! finally 12!!
thank you for being my other half & my partner in
"I'm in love" with this new ! 2'39 isn't long enough!
. can you please post this one
Nct !
Me hace tan feliz salir a bailar con mis hermanos
okay. i still appreciate the thought
Guyz follow up me on SC: itx_ahm333
Aww thank you
love
I couldn't thank you enough for everything you've done, you always me happy
What an inspiration! Salute and
The cycle continues
VIDEO - Wilfred: 'Jan, we houden van je!'
Thank you It's the hanbok
Why admire anyone when we have Rohit bhai and bhabhi.
girl, gonna live forever
Awon mi toh sure, on their way to !
I - Drinking a Hazy Little Thing by Hidamari Park
Congrats... 3, 2, 1... liftoff! Keep it up 1
Thanks oppo
Thank you Lord!
happy day mom i love you!!!!
Thank u so much Mika for supporting us. It's very important for our beginning
Happy birthday my love
I've met your husband, and I approve this message.
not to be soft but sobrang daming attractive people sa UP,,,,, i feel so b l e s s e d everyday
Ayyy congrats on 800!!!!
Another one from Thursday night with Enjoy the rest of the tour everyone.
ME LARGUE A LLORAR
Trop mignons mes chats
Cute felt personalised letter!
Here's my latest listing!
Where are tea lovers ?
Creating Record By Breaking His Previous Record Is Just Like Eating A Piece Of Cake For Our "THALAPATHY VIJAY"
soon you will be reunited
(is an old edit but just
omg imagine
loving this fall weather with this awesome sis
follow me (@_kevmusic ) for more music to come!
Totally Unexpected Combo
- -
Also dropped by cup sleeve event with I know who the nice
Just dance!
uma rainha mesmo
Exhausted but happy. Thanks God!
I love you!!
Omaygad I
I want to hug my mom
I love heartburns
Sobrang cute nung braid uwu
thankssss for this ah super linaw besh joke love u!!!
If you have less than 1000k followers
Retweet
Follow all RTs
Follow all Follows
Comment ifb as many as
Yes my blood sister
tots on jesh
Latest click of Our
I'm here, all the flower rangers are and we get it so.. pls don't give up
Juri-san yeppeo!!!
Valence + NE Patriots + Houston Rockets 4,88 (1%)
Bon Dimanche tous!
Happy Sunday
Never grow tired of that sound!
Friducha
Goodnighttt, thankyoulord
Pet PAWrty at SM City Lucena
other pics na i alsooo look soo happpyy and smilee-y
credits to ate yeyeeee
OUIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII tomwelling parismangascifishow Merci mon amour saiyajink_tattoo
Cuties
Warms your heart! A Momma in action
meeting you was the best
Can I whisper in your ear and say " Aqsayyy?
thankyou Lord for the blessing that u gave for us!!
red foxes ayeee!!
This is my first cosplay from
Power Chord skin
I want to do much more cosplays of this game
You got this!!
The content I signed up for
lovely
Chef Laura aha
bagay oy
Natatandaan ko yung time na umuulan sa school tapos on duty parin kaming officers Feelz so gud to serve
I really like Deepika & Ranveer. They are one of the best & lovable couple of Bollywood..
katamad yung idea na may film showing sa umaga sa sm, tapos derecho school para matuloy klase but still thankyou for the opportunity
obg msm assim anjo
Welcome To The Family Homie
Wife is playing Christmas music. I love that woman.
A 2
Sending you so much love
follow me for a followback
He be so cute
Roadtrip and traffic
Thanks Sophia
moi aussi
thank you, shane! God bless u more
with Baby having fun in a mud bath!
here. You can read this thread
ilyy
x
~Fan signing
---------
{ }
-
ILYM & M!!!!!
So gorgeous
MI AMOOOOR
Thank you my French friends and for support my new single
Ontem Mitch Lucker completaria 34 anos.
Ne
Everything you need is right here
A few more new mini pieces to share.
Thank you for supporting the Greater Northern NJ Heart Walk
Que bonita iniciativa
so cute!!! I love my babies
Thanks dear for resembling cute bird...
There were so many notifications that I forgot to reply. But yes! I have and I looove it a lot too
Unfair lol I will never get tired of listening to that song. I like First Love too
IFB with
Thai Love en Koh Tao Island
I love when they let niggas fight
pls rt
Cotton Candy Clouds
5 Calling
Link
thank u, mykee! same to you
Show me the wisdom behind that smile luv u.
The new TARDIS is just WONDERFUL
dm me if you need someone to talk to
thanks
Cute I love you
Canon x 1000 on valide
Happiest of Birthdays, Lee!!!
little precious.
My heart is so full thank you so much Batangas! You were so worth the hell week huhu Also if my blockmates see
little precious.
Love you my guy
Leone Looks Hot in Mumbai
The post Sunny Leone Looks Hot in Mumbai
U look like a troll Saint! HAHAHAHA. 'yung sa cartoon movie, ah? So cute!
XOXOXO
happy to be here!
Come follow me today on Facebook at 4boysMother - a takeover!
She is hoping you'd notice her once. He is praying you'd look into his eyes once.
Thank you be!
sky was yellow and the sun was Scarlet Begonias hoodies and tees at
Hey candidates & voters... great story of coming together to lift spirits before final day of voting tomorrow!
CALANGEKK HAHAHHA
- shua hyung changi
Can't believe how everyone I meet still goes mental over this. Whispa
Thank you!!
HWAAA. Timaaci!
going to get better...stay on your grind, stay focused, everything else will fall in place. Love ya Desssssss!
I am just so happy for this wonderful couple!! They are pure goals.
Love count Chromosomes
Thank you
wowiee
Doing laundry, nursing this cold, and chillin. Happy Sunday
Thank you hun still in deep shock I seen her Friday evening at the family meal she looked and
Abiciiim
Bom dia
Waiting at the pop up for you, come say hi
Thank you
!
i have decided. im going to sleep goodnight!!
filipina beauty
sorry but I can't help but look at Jonah because he holds his mic so high hahaa
Oooh naalala ko ngayon yesterday was my 2nd year being a part of Philippine Daily Inquirer SLB team wow grabe
Last night was such a great time with the family and later on last night and this morning was even greater
Squad
te amo meu amor
better how? i know you so i wanna overstep but god, how i wish there was something i could do
okay ate!! i hope i can see you again!
Seulgi
Mabalos!
Wow You two are so lovely
And Enjoy
Our winning team yesterday!!
Since my elbow is still not feeling so good jess helped me out day. 11
Happy Sunday
beautiful
Comment letter by letter to get featured
Comment about your baby
Tag your baby
I just wanna kiss you
But I can't right now
So baby kiss me thru the phone
I'll see you later on
Dispatches from the Heart: Transplanting One Heart and Transforming Many Others by Ed and Paige Innerarity
Happy birthday to my beautiful mother
thank you, ily
Fantastic bundle,my daughter would love
OT12
love ur bio pls give me ur heart
what a beautiful fanfic im gonna miss so much thanks
Most welcome awak yg cantik
Yes we are
All those lucky number on Lotto but your number is my favorite
Papi
Good morning
Next one! Will travel this upcoming Thursday to for some Drum & Bass Thank you Teuf
hopefully new job soon! Love you Kay
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN MY INSPIRATION ily
This reminds Mrs. Shellard (an Ohio alum) of all our students
There's nothing like a man in a suit
Hem de
Panda Motorcycle Enhancements Inc.
Rent free
Sos increible te !
Aawwwwwwwwww happy birthday Monique!!!! I hope you have a great day and a great year! Best of luck with everything
Uncles Celebration Today & I Still Have That Heavy Feeling In My Chest You Will Be Missed Uncle I Love You R.I.P...
Excited na ko for this episode!!
miss chooooo take care
Happy birthday, ice cream buddy!!!!
Will you guys please help me find anyone going to the Minnesota show and let me know so i can start a groupchat
This is gold. No, more than that!
Sharing is caring.
Thats one big bouquet Lets only walk on flower road now hiichan!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY for tomorrow I hope your SPECIAL DAY is filled with lots of BLESSINGS & above all lots of LOVE
congratulations
but it won't go,
you're doing all these things out of desperation..
1 million already!
Well,
I really did miss
gamma 0506 713 53 90 SEKS
The only things that is missing is crown
I couldn't thank you enough for everything you've done, you always make me happy
What a
I
NY without a
Hiya Zarina - this is what we love to hear! We'll most certainly get this over to the store so that
Prettiest shop, with the BEST name
Passing through Epping and HAD to stop!
Just got the notif and ily2
di ko 'to deserve :((((
This looks so pure and dreamy
Great evening with great people!!
yii thank you, jence!! last pic tho HAHAHAHA labyu
I love you so much Megin, always there for me even if we talked in months
sorry to hear that if any of you need someone to talk to always here
you are far more generous than I
No bother wee pal enjoy
Sad to see few good reds passed away in the last few months only young aswel that win yesterday was for yous gngb ynwa
no matter what will be the outcome, it was a fun experience Tacloban.
'til next time
Just be joyful.
You are my true colors, My JBJ
I find appealing Twitter babeariel_mfc YouTube
god loves you so much forget that! cheer up b! I know :( thank you!
Bad girls bend at the waist (40 Photos)
Lunch with these Monstars Woking
Awwww take caree
Huuuy baklanng toooo Happy Birthdayyyyyy! !!! godbless! take good care of urself bruh
3rd time man, history
happy 21st gorgeous girl!
OMG! This is too much to my heart! These kids adores him. I love their chemistry soooo much.
Flamenguista Mais Lindo
I will get you one for Christmas. You pick.
Sou mesmo pode acreditar
Wow!! so has been brilliant wot a natural presenter, full of knowledge, funny & a
God first
Enjoy and happy
Thanks Amber for
Go for a man who had a dream.
You are welcome sis
condolences to you and your family stay strong sending love
Vizcaya one of my favorite places to visit in Miami
he played can't help falling in love goodnight
P.s. don't know the exact title of the song
I love getting stuff like this unfortunately due to major paranoia I have to decline the message in fear
Sending lots of love and strength your way sorry for your loss
Would you mind sharing a link so I can find it? I absolutely love fanfic.
gamma 0506 713 53 90 SEKS
Fan made design for
At least naretain yung love.
GUYS!!!!! JOIN OUR GIVEAWAY!!!! CLICK THE TWEET BELOW FOR MORE DETAILS!!!!
did you end up getting to see LBT at Total Wine??
i wuf u jennie kim
Yes absolutely
B, we got each others back thru ups and downs and inseparable
thanks take care
thanks dude
Bueno
This song is timeless. Ugh
This guy Park Jinyoung
afternoon vibes
the best day
yieee thank you din po heheheh
only one that ever makes it
Check and check! so proud of my alma mater!
A dream
Smiling with you doesn't mean I like you
Am just showing you how aquafresh works
Sat on the patio at kesgrave hall could get used to this
Gracias, Naughty Dog, por darnos a conocer a Crooked Still
Brilliant!
The best talaga army navy
my sunday morning routine is the best, i read poetry & sip coffee
Gracias, Naughty Dog, por darnos a conocer a Crooked Still
OK yours frd , but my
Hey Adam your flight , sure so exhausted
Amazing Would you try to I bookmarked it!
Mttt bem sucedida
Bang hot babes
hidden camera naked blonde naked chicks casting raven sexo
Here's everything why I'd like to win
But wait til teething... haha! Mas masaya yun for sure. Diba mga Mamsh? Enjoy motherhood, Tin.
That actually makes sense. Thank you for explaining that to me!
hej mamusiu
I miss you too!!!
probably right, but I bring myself to
AAAAAAAAA MIRAD ESTE FANZINE, HE PARTICIPADO CON UN MONTON DE ARISTAS SUPER CUQUIS Y GENIALES
with one our local
You guys have worked hard for the series, wait who the next person will be
Narakk
Love you
Ah be
IN LINE! See you soon
No rush, take your time!
LBC's TOP (Seme)
Lovely date night with this handsome chap last night. romance and quality time batteries definitely
My hamster, Hoshi
Good morning Pueblo!
Perfect for my hubby. Fingers crossed
Crave satisfied. Thanks ibuuu No laksa is better than ibu's
Share your tumblrs so I can follow you just made one
My man
Missions in Life:
To know God,
To love God,
To serve God, and
To be with Him in heaven.
I couldn't have said it better
Stay awesome always! Aapki baatein and tweets dil chu jaati hai and are very inspirational. I hope you know this.
Time goes to fast. Great show again . Ready for last hour.
Thankou for today.
Hey clare , can you please make a video about : how you buy your sims4 pack for 12dollars please i really need to know
you are so awesome thank you for all you do in this world The Waterford
Thanks Fave, I love you more
[@KingOfAllRealms]
Contact Name: My Sammy
ok so i just finished giving my room the cleaning it deserves hehehehe so satisfying
My goal is not to be better than anyone else, but to be better than I used to be.
25: Park Jinyoung
20.10| Jamie na premiere de no em Londres!
Via
Oh yea yall was real friendly I needed that
My Queen Won
Congrats Mahal
Get well soon my joy
SHE.byfiera
Steph has been so cuddly lately. I love it.
RT PLEASE
The opening
Rest well, and thank you
18.10.21
Boo
Oh Sthandwa!! yes next year March though! But
Do you miss anyone I miss Bianca Honestly imagine being the person I am if she my support these
Honestly given me so much happiness & you make my heart so full
Prima dessa
...of my life
EXO STICKER PREVIEW!!
RESERVED YOURS NOW
LIMITED ONLY!
Today makes 6 months with my lovely girlfriend such a huge blessing in my life right by my side
Loads of love babes
this is amazing!!
This is so scary. Praying for everybody at Clemson.
Sometimes I want give up but thanks to this 9 men. They help me through my study anxiety
I love you so much, you are the best
Hope they are ok. Really sad situation.
Kumuka sila dito
A room with a view. (It sparkles at night almost as splendidly as the Eiffel Tower.) I NYC.
Early nail appointments
Happy birthday babe
181021
support
how I want to feel everyday
Wonderful
Yes, I have 4+ regulars
Happy 10th birthday Sophia!
Omg these are lush need to get more
Thanks bachi
Spread the LOVE.
So much love for you, Damon!
Take care of yourself, I wish you all the best
Aww
love u X
Nagpalit me profile! Ask me!
All time fave, Jobee
When said was handsome before.
Whether Cam has a crush on him or not, he would
Gain 700+ active followers
RETWEET fast
Follow all RTs
Follow me
follow back
Let's Prosper Together
gusta Miki?
mucho
No
Congrats still nice game
Te Amo mucho mucho mucho
oh thank you love
I your pussy and asshole. So beautiful
My bias from EXO dancing on BBB. My life is complete
Wicked Morning Darklings Time for coffee and a Cigarette.
I m also coffee type
Bathong just cause la jola magically became blind. Your love is stronger that this guys
An hour until I get to my beautiful hotel I REALLY need a sleep now.....
Good morning
Happy birthday Kim !I love you so much. My daily inspiration,my queen ! Sister goal and an amazing best friend.
shez HAHAHAHA
Atlast something more than expectation it gives coz of this person
I love listening to this podcast over & over again! what beautiful memories are all about
Listen
This city
You're too fucking pretty, Kacie.
Adore you Phil! Thank you for your support, appreciate you
I hate this club with everything I have but this is a class act from them
Thank you
welcome lovely
i just love them too much.
Congratulations
selling Tom Hiddleston follow
price: $30
trade sell account paypal cheap ffs acc rt
Cosplay meraviglioso, Severus e un classico.
Roma
With hazem emam
he love it
What a confident king
2013 x 2018
Welcome!
Love his markings
1 Day SPBB is Thanks be to God! ADD Convention Center
Thanks for the memories to the people behind me. Keep moving lang gihapon bisan wala nako diha i will miss you
Sou completamente apaixonada
I Estadual Show
Ohai!
Because I have a heart.
Bukid day
Sadie, I'm so so so happy for you
I was reading about how Taylor had sent money to help a fan's
Who had a good morning?
This week we are going to some green places! Do you have any wishes?
YOU love
How i met your mother
Go Ams!
Sister
Bretagne, France
Both are very talented artists! Congratulations for both of them.
mine's
Watcha doin gurl?
New pics of Dakota, Shia and Zach at the Event in Denver
Hello Twitterland Have a wonderful and perfect day dear friends
happy birthday my man look at how weird this man is... idk y im stanning shshhdhdhd
Happy happy Sunday to you too
Hahahhaah cute
HAPPINESS
Queens
saqlain ignore them
I We both get a free premium report credit to use on any standard report when you sign up!
Hangsweet naman kafatid
Here is a 5 Polling Station Result From NA247 !!
PTI Is Leading
Real Happiness is Feeding Needy
Goodluck Michele Gumabao! Bring home the crown
I'm in love with this new song! 2'39 isn't long enough!
I think it looks great!!
Maybe like a complete white header would look good too
Jgh from church. Peace be with you
20.10| Jamie na premiere de no em Londres!
Via
Balance
OMG this is beautiful
Papai te ama, meu amor!
the stratocaster omggggg thank youuuu
This the type of shit that makes me happy SPRED MORE LOVE
Pa-share po plssss!!! thank you!!!
good morning everyone have a great day love you
Surf along/against huge waves
Stargaze on a yacht
Thank you for being with me on this trip I love you long time
He is still gorgeous
Reminds me so much of DoubleB!
i still lava you no matter what!!!!!
Different beaches from different costs of Florida
.
This is life
.
Even while everyone in Doha is
A frankie tbm
49th ODI Fifty for Captain Kohli
.
Playing his 1st ODI in India after almost 1 Year
.
Omg wat a beaut blanchy
Grabe talaga kayo napa saya nyoko hehe When a see you, again fave DECAVE!!
Daisy and Nancy.
finalllyyyy...was waiting for sooooo long congrats to the lovely couple
OMGA Sunday Funday
JOIN US!! We have exciting projects lined up for everyone!
People fall in love in some very mysterious ways...
but....
EVERYTHING HAPPENS FOR A REASON
I am loyal to President but do LOVE our First Lady!
thrilled for u. U are one of their biggest fans after all. Thanks for the hopeful message!
Oh wow You look so sexy and so lovely
You know this hun!
Heart touching
- Barbara Cage
but could so easily have
been written
by
...
my world
WALL UPDATE
Well, I lied, not much of an update to the decorations on it as to the two topshelf books which I
They gift of life..
ahhh thank you, rina!!! ;c;
A little brotherly
Thank you patty
My brother just called to check up on me
Nigga can mize my text for a week and see no faultMy day is made
Thank you po kuya nagkainspiration po sa finals
MasahAllah happy anniversary
AH! Thank you baby, let me know what you think
I miss you
IYON PROVII NA BUKAS!!! DISTRITO * CLAP, CLAP* IV!!
thanks
Torchwood: Outbreak from is insane!!! Love it!!! Highly recommend.
Im so happy for you love!
Get to know me betterrr
THX PALI PALI
Soft play time with the girls and my mate Kev & Hope, kids just love having fun
Don't forget these bbys! Bubbles, squeak, Harry and Maggie
Thank you, batch
No comment except to say I .
I liked a video Confidence in the Bedroom Lingere try-on haul OS/Plus Size
way too whipped to be leaving anytime soon.... only forever
and RT
Hero
ugh thank you i'll catch up when i get home from school:))
[MUSIC] is back ! Kong clip directed by
Truthfully
good with the few people I do have in my life tho, family
Jose bringing Mou and Martial FC together
Ink on paper, Best Illustration i have ever done
In awe of both you and Taylor
Congratulations, and love to you and your family.
Day 85 - My Star Handsome + Cool = Lee Seunghoon
I want those knit leggings
Thank you for an amazing 2.5 years staying together supporting each other Hawaus
.
:alpha.moments Tamarind
Wow Have a nice time for you
Kakegurui diferente y entretenida.
It's on the tip of my tongue (39 Photos)
1st Grand AIDvocaSocial Gathering
My Ziam Heart
A home filled with LOVE. That's one of my ultimate goals.
And thank God for being with our family.
.
yes but Koba is dead
THIS
Actives ??
When and do pooe dancing you know you need popcorn and a comfy bed to watch xD This is why I love them.
Congratulations
You mean the world to me
That looks so delicious!! Mum's cooking is always the best
Only for gorgeous xx
So happy for you! Definitely deserve it
happy birthday boss
Ayyyyy
Worldwide Shipping!
All sizes are available without additional fees from XS to XXXXXL! All ladies deserve
:
Ice cream
yesss AURA
happy birthday pretty lady
So proud of this girl!
this!
[Text to: Daddy .]
[Look at my baby being all cute . Hehe I adore you so much baby . I'm
Who can set the Party mood right? for and or for
get enough of this girl
I'm not what you think I am you are what you think I am
Candidates
Miss u mga cuz!!
Ayyyyyy mi amor
Need prayers for healing thank you
Happy Sixty-Third! Twin Lakes Tagaytay
waiting.....
Catch up.
Es lo mas bonito que hay
awieee thank you
Of course
This is why you should cheat back. Cheaters don't learn through forgiveness.
Sobra pa ana imoha Right guy at the right time. aweeee
"You're stwong"
sinto meu amor incondicional por Heart Attack e I Do Love You
always here bby
plays the best music...jazz and other beautiful grown folk music.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! Love you.
Love you so much Kim SeokJinnie Hope for wonderful future Saranghae I wish you would come to
are for....chunky knits & Knot Bracelets from
always and forever
It's one of the hardest things to do. Sending love and prayers.
Tots on ate bianca roxas Napaka sweet and malambing
Always slaying
Fun Times at shooting spot
Always in our thoughts.
Merci thank you !
addd me on snap at sophsuavee
follow my ig sophhhiii
Spent my birthday with my
i really miss this girl, thank you
Celebrate the miracles all around!
Watch This Guy Build a Massive Solar System in the Desert | Short Film S... via
HOY ITO NA TALAGA HAHAHAHAHHA AWIEE AYAW NAMOG TAPAD NAKO HA?
Thanks G!
God is always on time
Too cute Daniel
I can see a nice dream
~ ~ ~
you gotta earn these stripes California
Thank you for the support!
My dad is cooler than yours! MA!
I would move heaven and earth for you son. Keep working hard and reaching for the stars! I love you!
Congrats love
Proud of you
With my best achievement, My son!
are my favorite day.
Wow That's okay. It's my pleasure
Sometimes you need to be lost in order to find where you really need to be And you're important to us so
Self-control, serving the Lord by serving others. The homily
Funny how one track can change everything. - thanks a lot, seriously.
Let Cream them
Awwww congratulations guys
still bleeding . Honestly the best
Ayyy
Congratulations
Wishes for a
U also made my heart full so THANK YOUUU
we'll be waiting.
Yes please, you and are my faves
Happy Sunday
Thank you Nicholas They touched our hearts in the short time they were with us but had a happy life playing ALOT
Vinyl delivery on a Sunday
!!! this is so Pure i would buy 20 prints
i missed you so much :((
have lots of fun in paris you
silly baby, I.L.Y ALWAYS
I adore U
Pssh you know it thanks Geanie
I love all Disney Characters Hazel
4th
Congratulations dear
I how casually 'leaned in', picked up a muffin and daintily bit into it. Who knew they had
To apaixonada nesse boomerang
I bet you hate me
Tbm to gay
I enjoyed our night by the fire
Hope enjoyed sweetest Day
I was getting boyfriends crispy all night
Aww thank you
Cousins
Thankyou for this beautiful fankit! Really love it, those photos are just too beautiful and
Blessed and thankful
stand true
We can reject everything else
[MUSIC] is back ! Kong clip directed by
Come on you lot have been supporting from day1 real ones
THANK YOU
We'll always have Always a joy when we visit! Thanks for the Birthday Cupcake!
you got married to the lucky girl From black n white to colour time your relationship is in a flow
Full support for Jackson
{ My threads }
MY NEW MUSC VIDEO OUT NOW!
OBAA SIMA
Watch Here :
cutest
Ahhhhh....@TMobile
Please
Finallyyyyyyyyy
because ranveer keeps deepika at 1st place chk their wedding notice, they wrote and
Borneo Chics do it better
Re-invented Burger fresh of the day and homemade.. Made with Love... Special
America the Beautiful! God Bless our great Country.
I love you
Thank you
Thanks Mrs B! Much appreciated!
Congrats u both
Chiming in to say been too long since seen either of your faces
No, I have family and some friends
haha ana pud imuha sa right guy at the right time. ayiiiiieeeeee
Happy Birthday to one of my favourites! Love you so much and I hope you have a fab day gorgeous
Another day of life health & strength
Big up the whole gang
My real name is Sunflower in Filipino. You may call me Mari though
never did I think that I would be caught in the u caught me SM Mall of Asia Arena
Thank you for your fun stream, Katy!
This is humanity. Well done, Sir.
And that too with cream! Hope it was Arabica fuel
Cheers to you too from Islamabad!
The boom song
I liked a video SUPERHERO BABIES MAKE SAND FIGURES Spiderman, Hulk & Frozen Elsa Play Doh
Mellow Vibes
UMH WELL ... My ship ugh my heart
Such strong words, glad you had such a good friend in Emmett. Butterfly is brilliant
YES I DID - NO SHAME
You and G made my sucky day
My bias 4ever
crazy how been 1 year already I love you abuelita
Sayang
Ego and love are the
Branches of the same tree.
Just the difference is,
Love always wants to say sorry,
And
Happy 5th birthday to our first baby girl, Zeila! Love you Elay girl
Thank you for showing me how much you love and care for me!
Yeah, a real shocker, they protect their own.
Lisa your wonderful, and super appreciated!
Happy Sunday
Ew
Good day
This happens on Thursday, October 25 at 19 East! Happy birthday
Performances by:
Munimuni
Clara
LIKE = OVER 40 SKIN ACCOUNT
Follow:
ENDS IN AN HOUR
GOOD LUCK
Stay
Proud of you too
Everything heals your body heals your heart heals your mind heals your wound heals
i love you, moira dela torre
Got my new lippie from
Phenomenal Matte Liquid Lipstick with the shade of Really
Uy pues lo intentare, thankiu
Sree
"He put his kids first..."
Ahh well.
what here for!! Always there for each other, love you
God is Indeed my strength
OFF BOOKING
ID :
Area : JAKARTA
EXPO :
MILF Lovers
More info cek bio!
DM
Okay, now it feels like home
bb gab!!!!!
Wow That's okay. It's my pleasure
Vote for he really deserve it amazing And his voice is incredible
Happy Birthday!
They need to do a better job. Hope be out very soon.
wait for your new song
Love this
I you back. Wouldn't that be awesome?? Could start at... The Beginning... Show some of the many
Omoo thank you a lot sweet
If I tell you I love you , you do no wrong
QUE TE ADORO MI AMOR.
welp we celebrated very late but still, thank you so much everyone i love you
Be safe out there Valri
Bom Dia Com Jesus No
I find appealing Twitter babeariel_mfc YouTube
Girl behind the great subtle twerk GIF (23 Photos)
Wow Very happiness News Is Back for Public Diamond 24th to 28th October
+2
looks like a pretty fabulous stack of books to me
Everyone go VOTE for !!! He really deserves this He's absolutely killing it
These lovely ladies made the extra special for me
Today is the day
Yosut work is so subtle and beautiful.
Pussy Farts are the best . Top 5 Sounds you can hear on God's green earth .
When that Pussy Farts,
Hello darling.
Thanks a lot.
Practice what we preach. Teach empathy first and foremost.
Bom dia
Always. Love you right back
conquistaram o meu
Bought the tickets for Burn the Stage today for my friends and I!!! I'm so excited to watch it with them If
A room like this pls
thanks love
Namiss ko to 2nd movie pa lang together hahahaha thank youuuuu girl enjoy ako sobra
Homecoming 2018 for Amaia is in the books! Wow, she sure has grown up fast.
red
HI HANDSOME
FF TO DECEMBER PLS OMG marami raming iyakan 'to for sure, charot
Anna Morning tweet panna but evening eh oru Eh vittitingalae
Really appreciate this
Hopefully it was well done
Do not hesitate to support:
I just discovered my client paid me more & asked immediately but was just told it's just a "tip"
Wow. Thank you Lord.
congrats yixing
AAAAAAAAAA TENKYUUUU SOBRANG NAFEEL NAMING MGA BAKLA YUNG LOVE KAGABI FROM THE GOD OF THE
All
Which one do you prefer? Like or rt to vote!
Get them both at the best price on DMarket!
P250 | Asiimov
Absolutely
THANK YOU GUYS FOR 100! INSANE!
Thank you Linds instant ramen. Pimped with coconut milk, curry, fresh spinach, carrots,
miss u
foca na linguinha
Welcoming our baby to this world
Selamat datang ke dunia, little captain!
Sean Edgario Bryanusa, 21
OMG ROFJFKFKF THIS CARD IS SO CUTE thank you very much mana chan for this wish you
What a blast
*Happy tears* for as well!
i miss you and i happy to see you boyz, fighting the boyz
Mitch & Elaine!!
10 : 13
technically 4 days but using those hashtags! Everyone use the hashtags for Expectations!
will be on a hiatus due to be back from time to time when im taking a breakie~
b back soon!! i love you guys
I'm glad I've never felt compelled to. May it continue being so
Dil tuth jaayega mera at least mujhe 23-24 hone de... So that my pagalpan will be a bit less
Channing! You Been Cutting TF Up! RT
10 : 13
I have every faith Taz
Good morning love
thank youuuu
church just a building, your family in
even lifting a cup of tea or coffee to your lips counts as an achievement in my world
want the ELF soooo bad!
Thank you Bacolod
Happy Masskara Festival
Cain At Abel malapit na!
.
.
.
Happy 23rd baoz Thank you for always showering me with kindness, generosity & love. Thank you for staying
PJ week at Puddleducks
Se el preview!
You are beloved!
thank you!!! will for sure have to check that out
I WANTED TO TELL YOU THE SAME
.....actually tied with the lovely creature known as
We see you, you know who you are. Keep your head up and ignore the haters.
you don't know how much it affects me fcuk you!!!!!!
This is just goals
Fantastic job as always WA!!
meu NOART ao som de
This made my morning. Happy one year sweetie
I hate you
100 songs
No blue wave here folks. .@POTUS
is more like it.
I love Bethesda!
Great picture
Thx!!!!
hope feeling better with personal problems, sometimes you just have to take a step back
Serve the stewwwww please
Hindi ako masyadong nagffangirl pero grabeeeeee kaya idol ko to! Lady with a class and heart, indeed I
How do I look sweethearts
He is so proud of this film
Trust the dream that God has given you, find your motivation, and fight forward!
I just wanna scream... Aaaaaaa
This is another livel
THANK YOU GUYS
My heart!!!!!
hoping we take this picture at every LS and see it get bigger every year!
Hanty Sofia steps out in style .. This babe suppose don grow Ooooo
Btw I just want you to know that you made my day .. so happy today and because of your cute replies
Friends Of Black Leopards
Not the director of still giving us Sunday surprises! why u r our
This headline is so shady. Shanti is my childhood. always love herrrrr
I guess this will never not hurt. Happy birthday, Carrie
rush in life..
.
.
Curtesy artpoolproject
_
FIAC
homecoming parade
robbers- the 1975 issa classic, i swear by this song!!! I know this!! Classic indeed
thank youuuu
Mi amor
she beautiful....she is truly a lighthouse for me.
.
.
.
.
.
.
my crush, my true love, my first and last man, my greatest love, and my future always been in love with you
Regardez cette
Not sure about your point on , he does the single market but if we want
Me ha gustado un de ( - COSRX Review : Korean Skincare For Acne Prone Skin Liah Yoo).
Sure do love new song can you play it. Thx
Very proud of you & always will be, Beautiful person you are inside and out without you, I
My boy is shining their
I'm soo proud of you
AND THAT'S IT! Thank u for joining
This makes me sick. Poor baby. Thank you for helping her.
hi, Loves. Why so Pretty loveyouuuuu!!!
Love you too
Late night walk with themmga nagutom@JcAguil42671340
Epic Bundle I'd love to overhaul my entire make up bag with this fab make up and new
Rey
Love you way more
Just hit 900 followers and 100 likes on both my headers for FaZe members, you guys are the best
with Namma Abhinaya Chakravarthy
God bless him
huhu exo and suju interaction in smtown osaka is
I love Ozzy
Naa pud koy gift, cake hehe. Love you momma
Awh congrats alexa!
Forte di Belvedere
gieldb_
Firenze, Tuscany, Italy
Stay strong dms always open mate
Thank you so much! I had my first binge since July on Friday night so any help take
T W I C E
Yes or Yes
secret
Un pal Rubianes
love you lots! i understand how you feel completely
I will not trade my authenticity for your approval
grbe ko ka love ang medical course esp nursing bat kasi di pa ako nag medical course huy self mag second course ko oy in sha Allah
Don't be silly - nothing to forgive! But a very sweet sentiment
HAIIIIII IZ ME PART TWO NA SIGURO TOH HAHAH
KAYA MO YAN ATE MAX DURUGIN MO YUNG SCIENCE PETA MO!!!
edi
Titanfall
Help for the
We should probably play some more shows with
Night calls Tropamilya
Sakit sa tyan bekss~
Just checked and he is still trending in Paris right now along with Jhope He deserve all of it, I am proud
You're such a nice guy . I loved how you love your siblings.
Ugh. Extra coffee for you, my dear.
hope doing well bub
Downtown In 5 days 26M views
I hope u like it
Love u Guru
My first Oil painting of
east Africa never fails
Aw ily
Its okay. You can do it. Trust Him.
;-;
Si tu as un chat MINION !!! LIKE !
Give thanks in every moment.
Beautiful
Kio
home. Thank you sa Doodles Family for letting me be a part of a wonderful experience! Sobrang saya and
El prodigio ha vuelto
Soundcheck done ! Wow what a wonderful club !! in love with haertereiclub be back soon ! Thanks for
i love you, princess & nicole
Create the highest, Grandest vision possible for your life, because you become what you BELIEVE
Someone linked your twitter in the youtube comments. Thanks for awesome videos!
LLUVIA DE VOTOS
Hoy a las 22h sube tu voto a
MIRIAM SE SALVA
Everyone, follow my new acc active ko drea, dili na nako ginagamit ning old acc, thanks!
Aw thank you my wee baby we are steamin in all of these love you!! X
Thank you so much. Your words mean a lot to me
My service dog in training always seems to know when I need something to laugh at
Love begets understanding , understanding begets tolerance, and tolerance begets peace.
cto
RU Ring of Elysium trailer:
Created by RU RoE team with for and Russian
and finally i saw a person who can motivate me to keep moving forward. thank you my dearest,
Good morning bb Bom dia
I love sunday
Promote post__
Mim Aktar Moon
Old I'd disabled!
Eitah or new I'd so jara chnw add korw
Welcome back
when you capture two amazing creations at the same time
Facetime quand t'as fini ??
AAHHHHHHHHHHH AHAHHAHAHAHHAHAH
Thank you for exist Jin, i love u so much
Theres no rule that says you have to wear the same pants all day sis
This
Anything with Dunkey will be a hit. Glad to see yo ass back
Together
VacuumFlight_0318x0219
The Ninja
Awww te adoro!
Happy birthday Thank yousa friendship ly. Sorry if di mi kaadto ni johann for some important
when people who I need to block, block me first.
So excited for today i get to go home and see my honey
Quality time. at Bato Springs San Pablo, Laguna
mentor is always a mentor
Do what you have to do until you can do what you want to do
CLASSY
No problem hope you feel okay
fav lyrics on iKON's songs? reply or quote wuvyu
I love you! Please do not let anyone ruin your dreams and happiness.
Paul Jason Klein
Pacover po ng buwan please
They're using cute filters
Long way to go sa career, but I'll always be here Couldn't be more proud of this guy!
So many beautiful photos of HAN
from __cherry__pie - Bleh, bleh, bleh.
Support me on:
Lanses: ColourVue
Best wishes Shahid
Hope u like the shirt bby
I fucking love women.
adorable
o zaman ohh
She doesn't deserve all the hate she's getting, she is one of the kindest ever. We love you Jennie
Final poll (or if it comes down to it I'll make both )
Milf or both
To meet UK Milfs visit
To meet American Milfs
Cardi B sends her love to
MINECRAFT
Super Junior My Life
I love forever
I love you
Special Olympics levels the playing field and supports inspiring athletes! My son is a Special Olympian
I love you and hope I get a chance to see you all in the flesh one day
FAVOR GUYS PA REACT NAMAN NG MISMONG PICTURE. THANK YOU
All out of Love
at Newport Performing Arts Theater At Resorts World Manila
A proud mama. Wish you both nothing but the best.
delusional. I love my President . There are a few dumb bunnies out there but anyone with half
I How Henrik Sommer Flexes His Bicep While Jerking Off ( )
guys i wanna bless yall by introducing to you my bebe heart eyes all around
And official!
thank you sis ily too
Sunday visit ni ante kaye hihi ugh gigil
Thank you Morgan! I love you very much!! I appreciate every word!
wearing a sweatshirt for coffee on the porch this morning
Yiieee.
I love your cosplay
Saw for the 3rd time last night AND i STILL IT!!! Well done
It's actually so amazing thank you so much Luka!!
SHOOT OUT
ahh as if been watching since you had around 60k!! crazy
Here we go a small edit
Happy birthday from bunny fans
Another hottie Riya
I wish I could stream
Happy birthday!!!!
Sunday night is date night - come make some memories
SARAP SA EYES
St. Lorenzo Ruiz Parish Church
Congratulations to you both! so happy for you
reasons to smile: Jack and Jack (Jack Johnson & Jack Gilinsky)
Hellooo
If y'all need good vibes hit me up, I'll send some your way
Gotta lot of love to give
Happy Anniversary to my babies ! My I love them soooo much
feliz
HELLO!
a squishy Phil (from Buhay Kolehiyo) on your timeline!
[was supposed to try mappy bc my
Natalie from Atlanta
Nataliiiiiee_
I want to live in Amsterdam Latvia is waiting for you
and as always thank you
Mom is healer
Still time to change the road you're on
in my prayers, love
She a Libra She the type to wear her heart on her sleeve
awww i love and miss you too achi hiwiiil see you soon, okay?
SND getting like 25-30 thousand xp a game
At airport so excited to see tonight
RT
I still remember TaeNy teaching Ah Yeon their signature Lady Marmalade.
Open BOOKING
Ready VCS
ID :
Area : SEMARANG
EXPO : -
BBW Lovers
More info cek bio!
not that anyone care but owo im so glad everything went well today!!
the thumbnail for your new video creeps me out and I also stop looking at it.
Kvitova to send Wozniacki back to Poland
Just checking, it is October right?
181021|official_therose IG update
"We are The Rose in Paris.
JUMP!! "
beat a chilled out lazy Sunday
Te amo
"You wouldn't know this but it's your existence that keeps my breathing." - queen You Are
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh finally Jun x Dongmyeong I want a pic
And a Happiest birthday to you miggylicious i will continue to pray for your good health and happiness love
Vijayawada is something..
Home
Are you streaming the teen awards this year? I really dont want to miss it!!
fur seasons
Went so hard for him last night
Hay dari jennnay
2 make a son
Dear future owner...
I have this but I can't control it
My alma mater, and it be ironic if this became Willie biggest hit?!
Alright Mah
Guys download and vote iKON!
STARPLE by KSTARPLAY
It actually makes my soul happy
We're thrilled Thank you for letting us know, Gerry!
love you, ate!
Happy birthday hope ye have a class day ma man
Yes they will
New York
Your posts are always so heartwarming Urvi The pic tho
I love this bbiy man. cpngrsfs honey.
I can. Let me know if you need me to give you a list. But to start you are loved and I for one think pretty awesome.
For now, I have them.
Stop I love him so much my rockstar
And I'm reading the book in between typing this comment, and loving it..
Namiss ko to 2nd movie pa lang together hahahaha thank youuuuu girl enjoy ako sobra
if you have one foot in the past and one foot in the future., you're pissing on the present.
Good old dayssss pangtreasureeee
PA REACT NG MISMONG PICTURE GUYS! THANK YOU
2 basketball games in one day. Hay i love this sport
So proud of my boo too these two mean everything to me
Legal relationship is so damn good thank you, Lord!
get me a print of both stat!
21.10.2018 Great Project BD For KristPerawat
Para first and last intrams may gold medal
"200 years and counting: women creators"
THIS IS THE CONTENT I AM HERE FOR!!
these women.
Brother nature is just such a cutie I love him
I too got yesterday was she THANKful drinking Eating dinner at Red
I want a couch in this colour and I found a Zimbabwean carpenter who will do it for me.
Unfortunately, it has
my baby the most beautiful
music love live life
Feliz dia Mama
Taylor will get you around the corner to the weekend (28 Photos)
in love with the thread of
everyone
Happy Birthday to my best friend
happylena snapped
Free booze and turkey
Pistacchi come se piovesse
8lbs 4 ounces and 22 inches
Koya
showed me I have reasons I should love
We have made a group chat on kakao talk for international LU.B! Please join us
Aw thank you
FOLLOW every RETWEETER & LIKER
"IFB"
FOLLOWBACK all
Sometimes really nice to see your girlfriend get jealous. It shows that she actually cares for your dumb ass
Bathong Baby Thank you
I find appealing Twitter babeariel_mfc YouTube
Nostalgia
And these guys have their own during shoots love them
Early voting starts Monday
This morning I was reminded why I still have snapchat. Cringe worthy drunk/drugged out home videos
my heart is happy
I remember when this came out my dumb ass thought we was gettin the album... bring on Phoenix
it's so hard to sleep...every little noise alerts you! Best morning cuddles though
Katkat mode with besss
sunshine
I think we made it boys so happy he took his time to leave a simple like. Thank you
Ship
hays
Dm if you need brother
Thank you
If we wait together it wont seem too long
Repeat Until Death
You're welcome I'm so happy to help spread his sweetness
Wow gorgeous shot
Love these two
My Twitter and Instagram TL is literally full of and
No seriously. Not Joking. But who's complaining tho
YUNG NGAYON KO LANG NAPANOOD YUNG GAME NG UP, WAAAAAHHHH congrats to the whole team esp to juan
Please watch. Thank you
Happy birthday mom
Perfect Sunday afternoon song
Our dog's name is Joey.
We call him:
Joe
Jo-jo
Joseph
Bubba
Puppy
Stinker
Goof
Satellite Dish (when he wears the cone of shame)
Friendly reminder that gay propaganda doesnt exist
I dream of beanie (52 Photos)
such a cool human && so interesting idk what made you follow me im so annoying and boring but keep
Love you both
Dia ni cpt sngt mnja kan aq . Thank you hubsbaby for this present
The bruising on my inner thighs is pretty horrendous, but everywhere else is surprisingly doing
okay, niyo na.
And I suffered depression ... but the time I wasted hurting myself taught me that self-love is important...
Open BOOKING
ID :
Area : BALI
EXPO : Jakarta NOW
Shemale Lovers
More info cek bio!
heeey, continue singing! I love your voice Goodluck on your studies!
indeed a happy fam day
Sending my deepest condolences to you and your family.. I know it is a very difficult time please stay strong
Surigao
tu vas les revoir
You sounded fab today ladies
happy birthday to my fave hope u have the best day !! Miss u, see u this weekend to celebrate love u xxxx xxx x
Alexa met harry!!! So so happy for her
Keep creating good music, Taeyeon!
Oii friend
She aces all the accents.
I really want Shraddha to do an out and out comedy flick.
Happy birthday you never let me forget you were older than me so happy 19 !
Precious
PM naman share the KissTon Love hehehehe plssssss
SEMANGAT XIZUY
Ya candy it's apt for them
I am so sorry for your loss. Sending a lot of love and hugs your way.
Ang pogi ko naman
I this!
What a great idea!
Damn baby girl Fine asf
I receive Sthandwa
You deserve this so much. Your such a amazing and strong person
Day 1
Happy Birthday Uncle Leong Seafood
MI COMANDANTE
, How the water moves , my collection is getting rich
happy birthday mamshie corina!!
Gros
Hey,
I love you.
Bye
proud ako dito sobra nagbago siya realquick (for the better), di ko inexpect na magiging close kami tsaka bond soon
A new bud called Ambre!
We found them playing in The Tre Meadows!
for the person on cc that asked
Death note anime is so sick
Oct 13
So cute
You too sis. Much love
I'd react the same way if you replied to me Nana
AOI cafe
Love you! Got you always
And I suffered depression ... but the time I wasted hurting myself taught me that self-love is important...
Si, son la misma persona.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Replaying BTS's MAMA Performances
hello, yerims!
an impressive human man being for real!
Thank you!!
Waterville Valley, New Hampshire
+2,com a minha fechamento
blessed
emotional to see how much your parents love you little Stefan.
sure today make you feel the
I'm so happy thanks btw
My ship since WIN
FREEEEEEEAAAAAAAAKS
Right so is so FABULOUS This outfit gurllllll is gorgeous
This week
Another walk, another pasty. Go Bev!
JIN TE AMO DESCANSAAA MUCHOO
New trops TEAM IEAS
SOLDADAA
Night cuddles are the best
naraid66
xxc@frtp@ptk
I'm going to block you
Thanks po!!! Fighting~!
so underrated. wait for her to blow
I love you too, thank you hunny
Trandal, Norway
HBD
Forever I love you and Forever I'll stand
[VERIFIED] as Seo Johnny from NCT, welcome and please be active
Football people dont get enough credit for what they do for sick kids. Top man Potch
Adto tas faithful
I LOVE you
GoodMorning
We must make teaching a priority in our schools.
Uw beautiful
Happy birthday miss you bud!
I will be a Doctor.
Dr. Maynard Lance L.
In the mighty name of Jesus
Hotsunday! Are you patient enough to watch the whole video? Let me know, what you think.
I hope you
I played this in forever
it finally happened!!! he loves u so much
Just wanted to say that someone we afford to lose Olaaa klam kber ha
Final poll (or I'll make both)
Hi, & Please Play 'NAMANANA, By On Thanks!
I'm one of ur angelss
Done watching!! pero ganun lang ending :((((
Sawadee Cup Rie'Chan
I'm so so so sorry for late reply
That's okay. It's my pleasure
And
It must be that fun, having much of sister, isn't it? Ah, really? Thank you so much
- We are live
Get your marbles in here on
They me rollin, they joinin, come and roll with me
My baby shower was everything still tired from it No time for rest tho
Girls wearing glasses are usually undercover superheroes (52 Photos)
Thanks for the & support, Gervasio! See TRAVELS WITH HAMP slideshow, a whirlwind, historic
Peoples really see BTOB by their skills and beagle-ness(?)
Happy 21st ! Thanks for holding my glass of wine these past few years. Love you so very much
=( '-'
Happy 7th birthday to my baby bro
I want u forever
Good game gais
So the news has spread to our fellas, let's keep it up iKONICS.
Happy birthday to the world best .
Homecoming 2018 for my guys. I this pic because they sent it to me from the dance after I failed to get one at
2nd out of town
-
-
kkkkkk
Thank u
Love u
Just thinks someone should see this
Pave Collection Glitz Glam Jewels
so sorry :( here to talk if you need someone
Love
BONJOUR
Yes it passed quickly.I could not come but I felt like I was with you all
for everything
It
Acordar e ler isso...
Wonderful news! Congratulations we love this tweet!
Sunday
Keep up the good
Ako Muna by Yeng Constantino made me realize a lot of things.
I will always support her, no matter what
Thanks mmy
INFINITE- Woohyun
!!!
Beautiful one I downloaded
MusiqSoulchild - Fact of Love
Aquele nosso hihi
S/o to Karina for checking up on me yesterday when she knew how hard of a day it would be for me
happy birthday angel face I hope you have an amazing day
Thanks love
thank you... the only one.. the realest one... :( luv u too bb
Un bello amanecer 5a Chile
There is a plan that few talk about. My also hurt when Bush destroyed Iraq. To kill Hussein there was no need
Yes, please. Put me on the volunteer roster pretty please.
Dear Ocean, thank you for making me feel tiny, humble, inspired and salty... all at once
hojeeeee!!!
This is what we call a day one thriver!
Look who enjoyed his sample and jumped right in and ordered!
Clifton
Pwede to Ayieee
What if u smile oh but madarleng what if u have tartar
Happy Bunny free mikate/ puff puff today
" May faith ba kayo? " marked in my head as my motivation thanks
ohh so pretty! Fantastic job Josh!
Good morning!
You don't need nothing. Iyyam you
Thanks Molly ;-;
My mom supports me Oddly enough, my mom was delighted when she learned that I had left the university and
Boa sorte anjo
Happy Birthday Dad! ChungGiWa
I'm spoiled worked late last night have to work overtime today with my back hurting so I get breakfast in bed
Thank u very much.
I love this family, SM FAMILY
Thank you Bacolod
Happy Masskara Festival
Cain At Abel malapit na!
.
.
.
LESS THAN 2 HOURS TILL THIS GENIUS QUAIL'S BIRTHDAAAAY
of strong men goes beyond obvious financial benefits for Trump. told US he
Down by the waterfront
-
-
My fave book rn.
I love this book and i will never forget it esp. the characters.
9:30, 9:32
Thank you for always doing a great job!
stray kids! lee know
Chill
GaWong fav couple
Valentine
This year you're mine foinaCcruz!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
wattpad all night yie namiss ko yon
Sharing cos almost certain one of the only people that know this!!
Thank you beautiful
Love can be exhausting. But not tired of you yet
Congratulations
Nana
with pacopequeno
Thoughts on me designing? Should I start doing stuff like this more often?
Thanks for keeping me going
EXO - Chanyeol
hope you see the light soon
dear future husband...
The foods were really gooooooooddd!!! Cafe Voila
so proud of theses two, joe has come soooo far and in low key crying at their dance
my fav songs
adding this to the list of reasons why i love and block you
21.10.2018 Great Project BD For KristPerawat
Gros courage marmotte on t'aime fort
$38,000,554!!! Yesss WA!!
Thank you everyone!
Tae, any words coming out from Tae
La Dream di Kanan, finalmente.
Amo um movimento
my g!!!! Happy birthday bro
She is also someone to love.
All is well
Heading south again. These weekends always go by too fast! Happy I got to see the whole family mom and pop,
Is about to America, thanks to My President USA first in Jesus Name Amen
Hoje Kim Kardashian West comemora seus 38 anos.
Best que lindo! I love you so much too, thank you for stay with me in this special day.
AHHHHH!
I'm a sucker for cute things, especially dogs.
Of course
So proud of you
is our HOME!
Congrats everyone!!!
::...oh chuck and Blair
21 is just a number
Another blessed year
Praise Jesus
Love you
Preech
for all the random DM talk. You I can never forget.
Anything that you want from me? just you.
lol HAHAHAHAHAHA
- Fact of Love
So excited to dig into these books that just arrived in the mail!
4th months of Baby elisha
THANKYOU LORD FOR THE HEALTHY LIFE AND FOR THE ABUNDANT BLESSINGS
thankyou sa
TSU AND SU Porch party 2018. Respect the process and enjoy the journey of sisterhood. LS SANDS.
Money in the NYC velourian fund
For third year in a row, is No. 1 Dj in the whole world!! I am super proud for all that he has
Are you part of the retirement generation who love independent living? Would you like a free taster session at your retirement complex?
The Boschendal Pinot Noir is perfect
a dream come true but so is this girl
The boss - the king - the Goat - the best - the strong MESSI
Magos
Seoksoon~~
Mens Vintage Hawaiian Shirt Just listed on Poshmark! Store link in my bio!
2018.08.14<@_Akaashi_foryou> ,
Proud of you
Grand Homecoming
Yes!! such an awesome thing to experience
Much love man
Famoso Jojoca
I Just Cannot Express How Happy I Am
Can November be Here Already
You never ask you to trust me because i trust you too
Boa sorte
Curio is overcoming his fears and finding that his whole world loves him.
with you all the way WoG Dr Lisa A Talley as been from day one! Blessings and much love
Chris & Lynn
Thanks Alan
Ali khan n. S mansuri my love
What's your favourite song and I'll rate it
omg
GM Stream was pretty good, was there for a lot of the time and I thank him
Here
Beautiful Norway
20.10| Millie e Felicity na premiere de
imwhereuwant2b
Awww
remember the words you told me
love me till the day I die.
I love him. So much.
Enjoying my airpods
Being weak is nothing to be ashamed of, staying weak is
Aaaaaaaaa
Thank you Joy . I miss you
Look who's turning 18 I love you b
You're not alone bro, I'm always here if you need anything or wanna do something aight
TE AMO PRIMA
Corbyn, you are beautiful, sweet and i love you.
LOVE!
from Beautiful Geneva, Switzerland
Thank you so much love!
Meghan Markle is so pure and sweet
Good morning guys! I these pics JS
Your smile
Happy Birthday to the best big brother around! Love you mucho!
Photography is all about telling stories
Thank you very much for that perspective this will me my mantra for the next studio time. In the
Wow Laura they spent a lot Time together good luck
Miss you balls
Aww, you're always welcome!
So sweet my dear
ILU
Today was kinda warm and I thought to myself that I need a beach trip soon. Itching to keep traveling the world
on Facebook is important. Then let's take it to the inbox
[IG] yudong_0214:
youre such an inspiration , i love you . yoy deserve all the love bby
Hello Yiannis, sending you delicious for your afternoon From Paris with
It's even the same mad look in his eye
amigas que
[VERIFIED] as Crush Soloist, welcome and please be active
WANNAONE BAE JINYOUNG
United Leaders Group
Mina Zirpawy
"If it's mean to be it will be
Just keep faith on Allah"...
"FINALLY HE DONE SOMETHING WHICH CAN MAKE
Happy Birthday Mom!
Thank you for your unwavering love and support and so glad you made it to Charlotte for
That's soooo perfect This is one of my fav cover of all time It always makes so moved
Thank
Glad to help green
21.10.2018 Great Project BD For KristPerawat
our reach and engagements
I know your mindset for this tweet but I hope that ok, I love you, never forget that
Retweet. Follow everyone who retweet this
Home-Based Community Moderator with Grom Social
welcome!!
Thanks I'm okay now
This guy, and the responses to this tweet No Buckeye could begrudge you this victory. Bless you
Downloaded the episode
Let's watch now .
Jeonghan's next ambition is to perform in Tokyo Dome
I'm sure you can do it someday babies!
Fighting!
Noona
Hi sis lovely evening dr
x factor tonight!!!! see u soon
SDf56t
A1/ A2/ A3 coils for
Which one would you choose?
Comment below!
fofucha
Na Subscribe na and thank you
I u and I miss u
You just but thank u for trying
Celebrated my first Sweetest Day thanks to my baby
2:Like this
all who like and rt this
back all that follow
5:Gain
You just but thank u for trying
from asperatus_eve - Dancing barefoot in the streets
Love this pic by at
JOUR DE DERBY !!
16h15 - Ipurua - 10
awwww..so sweet
Baby
181021 D-Day
Park Min Young first fan meeting
Thank you so much for MY DAY and hope to this
Open BOOKING
ID :
Area : SEMARANG
EXPO : Cirebon 23-24 OKT
BBW Lovers
Skin : chinez
I will. With all my heart. Promise
Ellie is bae. Thank you sooooo much for the fun times.
My lovely couple
and RT
I miss you too . so far also but make some time for a lil date
Noodles and bread
Hang in there, my friend
I'm at my gfs grandma's house
Hey suggest me username for mingyu! Thanks!
The only 1.
15 down 66 to go.. taralets guys.. Le Rej Irish del Rosario Onin Melvz Eijnuj Ognitaib Seroma Lowell Yabut
Love Tasha Cobbs
day well spent
Really gotta thank I met so many amazing people because of her and I be more grateful for that
Absolutely disgusting! Defend our country!
thank you sofia
Who do you think is a Handsome Hunk? for or for
Thank you mum! Love you too!
I live for moments like this. Papa and thirdy hanging out.
I love you both to bits.
Please DM me the details.
I liked a video Maymay donny ( ASAP OCTOBER 21, 2018)
and it was a pleasure to see again
Con barba y sin ella,siempre perfecto Love for this man
20.20 forever with you
Good morning ladies! Have a wonderful show ! Enjoy the day!! Happy Sunday!!
You hold my very moment
You calm my raging seas
I plave it all in your hands, Lord. Take over
SML
Coffee Date [Fate/Grand Order] Find more and related at Anime Lovers WorldWide
With
Congratulations &
Sketches by me~
How many RT for
Me and Cee getting mimosa drunk today ! Okurr
Welcome Brother
KANANG MGA MEGA NIMO NGA MGA INUTIL LT HAHAHAHAHAHAHA imysm
CanEm
Sundate!
Filled with love.
Picturefrom fans
Always so supportive huhu I U love
They are cute
I love love love my country but our nation should have a slogan that should read As I Say
Thank you pyscho
21.10.2018 Great Project BD For KristPerawat
Thank you for everything you do, Peter!!!
Non ci credo, ti adoro
Busan, South Korea
Sending you lots of love
We paying for nails, hair,& eating her pussy 3 times a day in 2019
Haha thanks
THIS IS THE MAN I PROUDLY STAN.
NOVEMBER 18th !!!!!! i didnt realize we were basically twins
Qtieeeeee
Need you to followback love
Hand on face pose + bae hehe
Warcross
Holiday Sparkle
Bracelets, Earrings and Pendants
At least, you gave your best.
Cancer
Thank you & wallace.fortes
Because summer is almost here
fb or unfollow
Love you too!!
My godson is so beautiful
Congrats my love
Happy btrthday
Mashallah, you are both are perfect for each other
Matchy matchy kami ni V sa header & icon ko yie, love it
So very sad & sure that Fiocco is playing with your other kitties now and maybe
Thanks buddy
Tribute Video To Our "Prince"
we'll be seeing each other soon!
Siapp wkwk
Semangat
The Only One Ranita
rindu acap wan aqim ayip am fan fateh muaz sod bobby
och chenle
NFAK
Good morning, good people Wishing you all a fantastic day!
Encore bon anniversaire mon juloo profite bion et on
thank you much more
Gonna be there in 30 minutes, wait for me !
thank you so much love
I really really miss you so much please, I need you right now
9/10 (@ Oppa Chicken in Taguig, National Capital Region)
Like nd show some Love if you're a True Pogba fun
My one and only.
My beloved Gojek app
I can't get over those boobs I've seen now.
Thanks for the mention IG_Fox. you
It's okay. But please tell Robbie not to piss off Louis, because there will be no good ending for Robbie.
panget awww thank u so much!!
Alden & Maine with ADNSD
a thousand miles seems pretty far but theyve got planes and trains and cars, id walk to you if i had no other way
When your driving and humming Waffle Doggie feeling concerned
My Queen
i love my bby gurl,
HE IS MY LIFEEYY !!!
Good night everyone! May God bless you with your friendships, relationships and family!
My all time fav legend Honorable Anwar Masood Sir love & respect
My grandparents
I love U H and I love G too..
It's been just a few days since you talked about your screen saver on
lol thank you mom
love
Now it's been 7 years boii
i feel that. well, do what you feel is right. be here for you
SOBRANG SAYA LANG KANINA, UMAAPAW.
THANK YOU FAM!
Our group messages be so detailed man I them
181021
2018 Jessica Mini Concert in Taiwan
is with you. Hugs
Today I found out my cousin just passed away I hope your doing good up there big bro I love you and God will take care of you
doyoung is the only bitch i respect in this house
I'll always be here jiayous
SM I M HERE FOR YOU:) JUST FOR YOU
Hello, I miss talking to you to. I do hope we could chat sometime over my semestral break.
yes TT thankfully.
We just hope you're having a good life and that you're happy. We love you
TE AMOOO
Autumnal walk through the woods to the lake
her style is so like chaeng and im pretty sure chaeng will gonna love hana more
anyway, nothing to worry hahaha pogi pa rin ako
Love you lupo. You're the best. Don't ever stop being you
EXO, Chanyeol
Good night everyone! May God bless you and your friendships, relationships and family!
Pedicab Squad
everybody!! give support and luck on her last finals tomorrow
BUB ALAM KO ALAM NI CHENG ALAM
Thanks for your donation today. Your support is greatly appreciated -Deborah
La expo de
Ahahah che burlone
New Instagram Picture of Dakota and Friend
Special Image
Bro with Our
Love u Anna
yoo, -nim~~~ you comeback too!!
THANK YOU SO MUCH
THANK YOU for cheering on our amazing athletes!
HAPPY 1ST ANNIV TGL! LOVE U ALL
This is too much cuteness!!! baekhyun and yesung
Every moment is a God given moment. Make the best of it
sold oh my gosh thank you SO much for the support! be painting again soon!
JIN I LOVE YOUJIN I LOVE YOU JIN I LOVE YOUJIN I LOVE YOU JIN I LOVE YOUJIN I LOVE YOU JIN I
yeah i saw, sorry to hear that
this enough
it was nice
prayer lipa and blackpink harmony gorgeous
LOVE IT !
I'm your biggest fan!
Congrats
One of my favorite birthday gifts ever- handmade by my dear friend Melissa Henry She knows just what I like.
Girlllll!!!! Love you so much. So are you xx
nothing like waking up to a football day game and coffee.
HAPPY 1ST ANNIV TGL! LOVE U ALL
Carlos
Dave
Most precious creatures on earth.
This and you.
ily jin
Never felt do cosy
Happy Birthday, Milo!! Hope your special day is a gorgeous as you!
Sunday morning prep
HAPPY BIRTHDAYY !!! KIM HANBIN WISS YOU ALL THE BEST
Viens a Strasbourg
Happy birthday!
Love
As a teacher this warms heart Treat the janitors with the same respect as you do the CEO
21 October Naylaturns4
Sweet Baby Stray!
Thank you Atlanta, so sweet
Thanks sal lots of love xxx
Your eyes are the window to your soul...they speak a thousand words
This is me but Eribong and Nable bong as a boquet
You've always been THAT bitch! I hope you never forget it Dominique.
This app as their escape so intimate i love claim can't even even claim can't up when 33 was CartoonNetwork
IFB, FOLLOW ME. FIRST
When a former bite is single again so selingaqubeka lisho
We Are Family
Windmill and the sky
Thank you for explaining haha. It's what i have in mind.
Awww omg I love you
A is born I was totally inspired by one of the looks created on in the film (swipe to
Not all angels have wings
Soch Rha Hoo Thodi Si Mohbbat Kr Lu Tumse loooool
: ( good night, i love nct, especially mark lee, and also their family. i also love my mutuals. uwu
Love for cricket
action you take is a vote for the type of person you wish to quote by
Fantastic good luck with it
i love to make him laugh
it my happiness,my medicine,my everything
I y'all lovely army's and followers Kookies and hugs for y'all bcz you deserve it And don't YoU
love you kitty no matter what
Gn Yall have a bless day
it was amazing to meet you guys! such an incredible experience
All the best bukkk
Siima you are incredible!
daddyslittle-bumblebee: Reblog if you actively partake in rope play scenes. Like if you want to get...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY QUEEN! MY GOD! THANKS FOR BEING HERE IG: on instagram
Finals calculus bukas, pero heto nagroroadtrip
Good morning Good People xo
Woke up focused
Feeling like magic
A little hocus pocus
Feeling ill but not sick
challenge
Bet 1
if your on
no greater gift than family.
bom
Congratulations luv excited to see U in the wedding attire
Sundays with the fambam
- Titty creampies diamond foxxx, brooklyn chase, cassidy banks, courtney taylo
Follow me 1st
Just look at him!!!with that smile and heart anything and everything looks u Chanyoelie
Tell me what I gotta do to please you
Baby anything you say do
Cause I only want to make you happy
Just wanna eat my way to your heart
Speechless
Ive been watching since 60k omgggg, now you have 10x that amount!! Ily soph
Thank God
I love you to the moon and back
Tammy
Bones though
You are my new favorite feeling
WOWOWOWOWWWW Nice one rons!! proud of yahh
Thank you for what you have done for me Saranghaeyooooo
DE LA MADRE!!!
PARA TODAS POR IGUAL
I hope he lives forever
This is vintage SLABHEAD
Always beautiful
HTD will always be the highlight of the month.
Happy Anniversary! are the cutest couple
to you & yours. Thank you for working to save lives.
Marko from Serbia
signing off here my doods, be back soon
please play me Able God By Chinko Ekun ft Lil Kesh and Zlatan Ibile. Much love
Just a shame someone else can't clean it
PURDUE!!!!!!! how you start/finish a game!!!! INSTANT CLASSIC! Much and respect to PURDUE!
Always incredible ... Fascinating... Beautiful... ... Albinism
Missing home a little extra this morning
Clau te amo
thank u epyem
Yeah bro She is
Hahaha okay I know why tweeting you when NEXT TO ME but whatevaccino :)
so much loveee
Good luck to Meghan running the Scotia Bank half marathon in Toronto today! You will do amazing!
You deserve it
Heyyyyy love wassup
Nice! Steve in some decades?
this energy >>>
of the day by
Only today
Family walks with rhip23 iggywillo & Little Harvey
See you there!
Don't think I've ever been as proud of myself as I am today.
I've come a long way but it's still the beginning of the journey
Cosmic Love
And I heard your heart beating, you were in the darkness too, so I stayed in the darkness with you
M A L I B U N I G H T S On my
fb or unfollow
I appreciate you so much
Love
Thank you so much. Your answer make my heart more lighter :)
I wish you have a good day always welcome
Happy birthday legend
Hoy mahal! Notice me!
Happy one year to this amazing performance
Thank you Cindy!!!
Dad and Mom
know that we are and always be proud of you!! you did a great job!
Nothing
stand for it. Took me 2 years of cheating, lying and abuse. Now engaged and happy
Gypsy Circus on INCREDIBLE song!
find what you love and let it kill you
Thanking God for letting me see another day
dreamt of this moment for years and last night it happened
GET WELL SOON TATA HAVE SOME REST PLEASE
Sounds a great Sunday ! Enjoy
Another perfect Sunday with the husband carlos.gale1983 King Alfred's Head
Emma Watson
Kaya Scodelario
Elle Fanning
Taylor Swift
Becky G
Lady
yes indeed! This is mandatory... thank you again...
So, next week, coffee?
hehe cutieee
Harthart ako new seating arrangements
Love this President
Beautiful. This is what life and community is all about.
I these celebrations!
Picture from fans
Karadeniz
thankssss!
Never shut up Ika
hey i hope you're okay
1Ashley is waiting for you
Twice + Sana
behind you all the way girl x
NudeSoul viens jouer
"The Reds" gegen "The Eagles"
Die Anfield Road
The Kop You'll never walk alone
earth production
This is exactly how I feel! You managed to articulate it better than I could, thank you so much! excited to get spoopy
The pleasure was mine. You have a brave, brave heart.
RT FINDING PICS OF MYSELF ON THE INTERNET
San Agustin Parish in Valencia city, Bukidnon will always be my favorite church.
Uns nenem desse
I'm sorry for your loss
Sundate with
woohooo i love my bangs
I love you mooooore
We would make
A good frequency
thanks g!!! love you so much sister
never loved anyone as much as I love him
Thank you for this----> "The way you do one thing is how you do everything."
insert baby pajiiiii
And you are one of my best blessing too! I love you!
I thank God for the positive people around me. yayks
Went last night to here in Long Island, NY to see AGAIN!! I this show... say
Hehe no problem baby
Valentine
This year you're mine drakononeuer!
And you, whom will be yours?
Vms fz msm amor
Credits : Part
Alive (The Edge) // Sam Feldt
My baby so cute
You're absolutely amazing. Great photo
This is a lovely article. Thanks so much for sharing.
Welcome home, Mudrakelz (@ Mesa Filipino Moderne in Quezon City)
Bumble bee
Get a guy
make that 18, come on nearly there xxx
I lovw youbso much angel
This whole tweet I just fucking love Chanyeol so much
Yes
congrats
thankyyy hehe miss you kyla!! take care always
I was hoping to acquire this pic
So cuteee
so are you my love
Que wena noche, amo a mis amigas
Gosh his blending skills are so dope
m o m e n t s
THIS WHOLE DANCE WAS SO FREAKING CUTE and ROMANTIC
|
Dear God, Thank You
Sometimes a prophet is only respected in this own home
True
People can call her next Radhika apte also
Yours is swelling, but my heart is yours . I love you
Boa sorte,
Happy birthday, Jacine!!
Yes!! We realized it about 36 yrs ago. You made my heart happy with this great news!!
Thank you shen!!
Please I love and adore this woman with my entire heart.
Leonor and mommy
Easy and Ringo just touch my heart
gonna miss this guy The Grapevine Bar
Thanks for the & Retweet, M.J.! See my TRAVELS WITH HAMP slideshow, a whirlwind, historic
Carlos
Dave
Stay blessed
Romantic cake for Natalie & intimate ceremony. Dairy free vanilla in the top tier & yummy chocolate cake
Something tells me going to love him.. forever
my cozy lil sunday morning
on Insta? Follow
Starting my day off listening to Yachty is the best
so wholesome and so touching TT_TT
I love it
Backstage Milan, Italy
I'm sure you could rock that one too! But with your good looks you kill the cow girl look
miss you.
place where my heart belongs
Oh i felt it
Sobrang pagod pero super fulfilling
ENJOY!!!! GALINGAN MO!!!! LAB LAB CONGRATS KANILA KUYA!
Wow. You should be so proud of yourself. What an achievement
THIS WEEK
10/24(WED)
10/26(FRI)
"LEGIT FRIDAYS"
10/27(SAT)
True!
Simplicity is key to amazing Italian food
Yeah, channel your anger. Its awful. Hard to even frame up what happened in my mind. Take care!
Omg congratulations
Happy to be with my friend
so sorry please look after yourself and keep the people you love close
If you need a cry this morning - here you go. Makes that Ohio State loss even sweeter.
reply with '' '' and follow everyone who likes your reply
planning on how to die haha lavern lang Nurturing!! God loves you all
Goodnight ppl
Hi love
Tayeon looks so pretty with that hair color gosh! Queen.
Y a ti te amo
YASSS It's time for a great show
OMG lol ! Love !!!
Good Morning ...
See you tomorrow
Birch Forest I, 1902 by Gustav Klimt
beautiful pink pussy
a cutie
Itsy Bitsy Book Bits Spotlight Author
Aviva Vaughn
Twitter:
BUY
CONGRATULATIONS AND !!! You both deserve this so much
Matt, I loved your book The Hunans. Brilliant
Subscribe my channel
Please thank him for all he is doing
Looking very fine, James!
My fave
Thank you beh . I will always remember that
Let's be friends po.. iKONic lang ba kayo?
Hero
Congrats!!!!
got the Maddox variant too!! Thanks
20180202 33,137 355
The
I'm so happy that finally you are back
Hope you are well now...!! Btw we missed you so much
Thinking of you today
Happy birthday mom
Getting my car like new again, so excited thanks to my man
smile ka lang palagi, put God in your heart
I need someone like this
We do have all those Rules in Kansas 16 days Vote Republicans only
I'm torn between summer in the rain and just a word! but all of them are incredible what's your favourite? x
all good
blessed with the people in my life
Good morning!
Remember the following...
Have a great day!
This is my Lolo Capt. Chito Glova looking so pogi.
(never got the chance to meet him because he went to heaven
May happy pill
You have to love moments like these....
Set the sun ver thanks for this ga
Only if play Mario with me
Thank you love! Happy early birthday to you as well and you right not at all
Thank you Chelsea! you're welcome po hehe
waaaaa atee seeyouuuu I'll bring my pb by echa-nim and slogan hihihi
Happy America! A New Holiday of Unprotected Sex with Porn Stars
We miss you too, Thank you! you guys will have to come visit!
Betty and Jughead
Capas National Shrine
AAAAAAAAAA ITI MALIA EU AGUENTO
Haaye m Mar jawa Gur kha k
I love how you're following Taylor around like I did for Harry. We are one in the same. Stay safe
thank you
Mine would clearly be
Anwww melhor te amo
Awww! Happiness is coming back Home to your lil ones!
Instastory:
They smashed the place
My heart
thank you, sir.
Never heard of it but it sounds good!!
I'm going to cry I love you so so much
I adore you jin you are so precious....ily get well soon
Love your life, even when you automatically wake up at 6 am on Sunday. Drink the coffee, count your blessings and seize the day.
Mi mami hermosa Te amo !
Here is the
Anbaana Director going to write a song for
We need more people like corbyn
Great!
Say it as it is why we all love you
7 and 8
Good luck sister
home safe!
2018.10.21
happy birthdayyy manarrrr have a good one pretty
Finally :') uri min suga really deserve it!!!
OMG!!!!! gonna be a doctor so suitable to him!
Damn love
Love In a Hopeless Place
GOODLUCK!! have the best time ever on stage and rock it
Come and see us The Beautiful
This is why they play
I watched when it first was uploaded u absolute bot
Thank you brother, my most loyal propaganda spreader
My son
I hope you have a good day today!- Awwww thank you!!! I hope you have a good day too anon!!!!
for a dm. bored hehe
thank youu
A todas Feliz
sana ate you'll find the man who will love you with all his heart hehe
thank you so much nicole!! nandito lang ako if you need a friend! i hope you to found the
i got you this i hope you enjoy it
Matthew 5:16
I had fun with my friends today. Hope you are having a good day too
the best thing a college student can hear
I feel you
considered it. decided good.
Anything for my baby
Pinch me, is 10 days away
Black
SO PROUD CONGRATULATIONS SATIN STEM 12-3!!
Love you so much
yerim
Oh lord.@angelinasdublin
Carounee Wish you all the bestt
Brando
They are a family
Comfyyyyy promotion wonderful fabric.
Meera
hahaha ok my name is also difficult to pronounce
Happy Birthday C
Well guess who is watching you on dA now?!
Thank u baby
We are the reds!
Thx!
Happy Birthday Lana. The best of wishes to you, Lovely. Have a beautiful day.
thoughts about queen hazel Maganda yan!!! chubby cheeks mabait at friendly.
Pretty lucky for my whole family in general
Jonah definitely tweeted this
One of the most powerful and significant cameos in the history of Indian Cinema
The twist in the movie "Ae Dil
My happy pill
maybe the night
Valentine
This year you're mine iiDh01!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
MAD-DOG
Love is Love
A mother in-law
i love life with you
Thank you so much!
NEW ARRIVALS
ZARA INSPIRED LINEN BUTTONED MIDI DRESS
LINEN Fabric
40 inches in length
350.00
A las 5 disputamod un showmatch!
VS
Si stream dadle
I Love You Jin!!!!
Chocolate Cake Traybake!! Thick Chocolate Cake Traybake, with the BEST Chocolate Frosting! Recipe on my
That looks like the best apple juice
Minha Ems se divertiu muito nesse halloween
Khaled Javad Kadhem is an Iraqi professor of university who serves pilgrims of Imam Hussain proudly
I'll bare this in mind when it inevitably ends in a tie
You're very welcome!
Aaa minron
Hi, thank you for your recent donation and for sharing this with us. Every donation counts Thanks - Deborah
Valentine
This year you're mine __sha29!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Happy anniversary, you two!
Your My Angel, My Love of My life and I Love you Forever
Wish you peace, progress and .
Condolences brother.
Te amo
The Waves
Zain Iraq
Thanks
hope you are doing really good
Hello nice to meet you Hiiii nice to meet you too
21/10/07
actually pretty good
Sunday morning
bon anniversaire mon gars profite
Oooh you are a fan from Israel that cute
Good Morning Lady Rose!
So happy you like..& thank you
God Bless You Always my dear Friend.
He looks like a little chicken
Always got each other love you
Skincare
LEMBREI DE VC NA HORA POR MOTIVOS OBVIOS AMIGA AJSHHSJE
GHOST DIP
marshmallow and chocolate are like best friend forever!
Please quote this tweet and
Pussy and Stomach Cumshot Compilation 2
I see you Champ! all in & counting! Love you!
You are so kind thank you for the beautiful photos you shared with us
That's not a problem. That's a gift. The world would be a better place if more people were like u
I'll support you always
Happy Sunday
How can be pretty like you?
Kiss and Make Up
Obsessed wait to marry my best friend
Thanks Adri, you too!
181021 <NAMANANA> performance.
OMG. YES BABY
Awww love wise words
Hyuna you made me coo every 5 minutes said it all in my comment on ao3 but guys PLEASE read this, so
kani sad
cause made with love
Ich mag diese Bots.
goodmorning
Guys, show some support for these Guardians that I discovered please. Let's show some ...
Rip
I hide a lot from my family and friends
Let's do our best for our college, my babies I'm soooo proud of you guys. Thank you coach &
I'm always here..
Hmm hindi pa din hehehe
Thinking of you and your family
jennie kim i love you you deserve all the love and support, you deserve to be happy
Delighted for jack today
FaceTime calls from Ashley are what I live for.
Good afternoon everybody
owner
Ich euch
Onde a inveja passa longe
Hola
Thank youuuu I love you so so so much!
Thank you!!
THIS RIGHT HERE!!! And I regret anything
Chopra in White Long Dress in New York City
The post Priyanka Chopra in
Team 7
Darling you are the only exception
Happy 21 Cappuccino!! Worthington for life
Thank you, Dr. C
"don't change this side of you, okay?" -well, that made me happy :)))
please see this
Thank you for staying with me. I love you always!
I truly appreciate , and for your support!
Keep streaming for New Hope Club!
I LOVE YOUUU
cinepin_house
9,500
Chakra 5 Throat, by on 24/7 commercial free DJ Mixes
good night always remember that you're special
aise kaise chale gaye ap
airport pic bhi
nh dia
Thank youuu so much ma'am Catherine
Glad you're okay!! And sorry you had to go through that!! Best wishes. And now I'm following you
oh noes HAHAHAH tenchu pre
Agreed
Aw Louise thank you
Brinnettes wedding was so beautiful
Body electric - Lana Del Rey
Ksks Thankew
21.10.2018 Great Project BD For KristPerawat
I got some pretty ass female followers
Sunday mornings. Ottawa, Ontario
Sorry for your loss brother. Sending love
CONGRATS!
thank you for being a light in my life
Halloween Party
I love them
Badhaii ho
We Quiapo Walking Tour is an experience where you can see Quiapo guided by a local "Quiapense". Amidst the
I take my eyes of this
It was wonderful seeing old friends again
football at 8am
Uh! Be still my beating heart! I love every role he performs. They are each unique and interesting.
I'm in
I'm awake now hi hello
Happy birthday General. We miss you every day
28 months, but I'm still falling inlove with you everyday
Seeing my grandma laterrrr Good morning happy Sunday
Baby I wanna do all of the things your man do them for you
OMG I WANT THOSE STICKY NOTES SO BAD
Omg this is so lovely. Can't wait to read more
GO PO AAAAA SO HAPPY FOR U PO
I never know what to tweet but just wanted to say it matter what you went through yesterday, a new day so start fresh
This is one of reasons why I love you
Amoul bene mercii
i love you no matter how selfish you are
All genuine and Good Things are usually Expensive.
Only thing that breaks this law is Salvation
thanks Good Morning hope you have a bless one
Thank you for a great stream
SWEET!!!! IMYSM N ILY!!!
Yes yo. Please make Ashley and Candace made
domingo pra tds
1 year ago, upcat
a guest instructor tomorrow come catch these counts
I been recording a lot for
Lord thank you so much!! Grabeng blessing to huhu
Ahhhh
Siempre todo va a ser mejor con
May I add you to snap only if that's okay with you
Cannot wait. Love every show of yours. Absolute filfth
Zenere.
LLEGO LA NUEVA DE SOMOS TIENDA VIRTUAL SOLO TRABAJAMOS CONTRAENTREGA
I just want to say that we will always support you in all the decisions you make and that we
This family had a blast the Hering wedding last night! Mason was a dancing machine. Congrats, Dusty & Amanda.
Awww this is so sweet
Yayyyyy! You're the best
Sempre preto, tmj
RT, Follow & mention thanks
Family have a blessed Sunday people
Morning
ILY!
That's my boy
like only if you follow back please
Know Myself - Justine Skye
Eheh
Love you too
You are so brave telling us this story Joe you are so strong and a rock, honest. And beautiful too
Carlos
Dave
Always and forever!!
TOMORROW IS A HAPPY MONDAY I AM EXCITED TO WORK HAHAHAHAHA
Congratulations po!!!
Ayiee,. mamsh, Happy Birthday!!! Enjoy kayo sa sunday hahaha.
Good luck Jho!! God bless
team ter uwu masih jatuh kepada cheeze dalchong and band mates
watched all the vids recorded and all the pics captured on my phone, im so lucky to have all of you
ONE WEEK until we get to see these amazing people in SAUGA CITY
I was in Toronto and he was in NYC. Now I'm a dual citizen and we've been married for over 10 years
i love you too
Straight through my heart! Feel this 100%
thank you so much for posting it
fun day with my loves
It feels so good that there is someone who loves you as much as you love him
I B'WAY.
Dedeknya makin pinter.
UWU
MashaAllah only on the thrill seekers Pakistani roads
Ya Rab keep us safe
Awwwe to our next laag. Abangan welcome and thank YOU
I Papa en Mama
I hope you and the kiddos are okay. Much love Laura
Thank you sooo much for your unwavering support
So beautiful. My precious niece passed away from CF decades ago at the age of 5; she
Goodachari
Please watch it , if not
My love
DANIEL POWTER-Bad Day Love that song
lil Rex
Hope is doing well
si pa rin talaga hehe may MAMON heart
A real life angel
This your fineness ehnn is tensioning me in my heart My heart is doing gbish gbish
January 30!!! I am a liner
videocall with heheh
so in love with this
Thank you
she loves her BobBob
Sa tanan nag retweet and like, THANK YOU! Me, together with my team really appreciated your efforts
I stand with
Mi novio se dedica a hacer estos gifs
Hello.Would you need airing in front of largest masses for your e-Commerce venture. Feel free DM us .
You're humorous Dr. Also sweet and a good person. Been checking your tweets all day.
Ever watched K-ON? YESSSSSSS AFTER SCHOOL TEA TIME HAHAHAHAHA
Someone needs this
I can't wait to receive my copy xx I'm so proud of you xx
Ah love this little exchange, a real one
RM mono
Yesssss! I this tune is awesome!
Every book by
Hi Joseph! Hi anon!
Last year October from
This year October one more from
Penned by our
Bonsoir
Comment allez-vous mon ami
Love you
Papa Bert with one of his littlw bros hehe cutesy
Look at niece imma be the tete that get her right
Lady in (Sintra and in) Red
Sintra, Portugal
Priceless!
joke peace all strands r equal
wait to spend time with family today
Dear Starbucks egg bites,
I'm scared to love you because I'm scared you'll get discontinued. SO delicious please don't ever leave me
Learn Colors Balance Bike Family Vlog Playground Fun Try Not To Laugh: via
Absolutely gorgeous from start to finish The lines were beautiful!
She moved with such elegance and class I
Everything okay??
Screaming......
Congratulations !!!
And you as well
Aw no, mate. Don't go there. You're a talented artist and your comic is good.
fan support. thank you to all my fellow reveluvs
Go on with your bad self, Brother Nature
I been following your journey a long time now. Congrats
Don't worry. Be happy
El mejor amanecer
Those words
i miss you fam
Tirei
Obsessed
Sweet fruit!
2. January 30! I am a liner
God I love Autumn
Spotted
It really is
The man has no morals, is such an amazing man and role model how could anyone think he is anything less
My AlDub
I still believe to the both of you guys! FOREVER
Blessed.
RECORDEMOS CUANDO EL TEASER DE KOKOBOP Y REACCIONASTE CON EL! YO LES DIGO QUE ME DESMAYE
Tata
Hold me tight, hug me
Can you trust me?
Please, pull me in tight
Boa sorteeee
10 years of torture! Shelby needs your
Prayers, Donations,Tweet and Shares show you Care!
Incredible story. And you help kids fulfill their dreams
We are all up still drunk slept yet gonna make breakfast so much fun I love us
Same!! I also freaked out when trailer came on before
If you know me, you know I LOVEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE my grandma! 10.21 will be a day I never forget
Thank you
Somewhere in Spain...
Look at her now!!! I love watching her grow and explore the world. My love for you will never change little one
I'm so proud of you boys !!! Gusto ko pumunta huehuehue
Oh damn, no expert so idk exactly but I hope it stops hurting
Thank you! This poem sounds just like me and something I would like to share with my circle.
Hi guyssssss meet mah main bitchhhhhhhhhh
cr.totheowner
Haii, done!
I'm here to talk if you need to vent
New Pandora Refelexions Tha nks daddy charsylf Hindi na ko galet Happy 12 blissful years! more pandora to
I absolutely adooore Charlie from so I just had to draw her~
19.10.2018
really the little things that makes a relationship beautiful.
I love you
Happy from Lilly the Bearded Dragon
little best friend
Best birthday present ever...
HAHAHHAHAHA I MISS U TOOOOOO SWEET NA KAYA KO KAROOOON HAHAHAH I LOVE YOUUUU
ara marie & irabella
Best birthday present ever...
Thanks Jen! Means a lot coming from you! Adding new ones on Empathy and Dig Cit tied to
Adore this pic . Sam is an angel bless her . Glad Haley was able to smile n have fun. Love you all xx
A good relationship is with someone who knows all your insecurities and imperfections but still loves you for who you are.
Rest in peace lewis. Up the blues
Her chubby cheeks in third pic I wanna pull them
Such a good night in Cheltenham last night. Loved it.
So nice to finally meet you
press before reply
Always incredible... Fascinating... Beautiful... I want one, I have a Dobie but not an albino...
he's just not that into you
Kohleyyyyyyy
Repost kokonichakul Beautiful
thanks for the motivation b3h!
Carolina girls At sessions learning
Awts.
Buong game naka ngiti lang si Jema. Ano na.. hahaha. Love you two!
tiebreakertimes
Ily
All out for Jesus!!
happy birthday my guy Joey! Hope your day is mf awesome my friend
You're not alone, I'm here with you.. Hold on! Love entendi tudov
Everything I need He supplies. My God is too awesome
keep your head up ily
7lbs 13 oz and 22 inches
So finally we have the official confirmation! Congratulations to the couple. Have a happy married life ahead.
i cannot go but i'll cheer for him from a far! i love you so much, mama!
I want to announce that now finally after taynew's korean trip, Im still alive and living well. Thank you so much taynew
hate her all you want, she's still beautiful... inside and out
Yess mbaak!!! There are so many things to see in this world
Jgh !! from; kaila, tg, and rob homes !! solid with the peeps
LA CARITA DE CARLOS
Btw, you look great too and like someone who would be a kind and thoughtful friend.
Love this animal
thank you Lexie love and miss you too
new memories to keep with my habaduuuu !!!
She's got the eyes of a Disney Princess
Going to surprise my grandparents at church this morning
Thank you for today
Words are indescribable
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH HANDSOME
It's nice to meet you again
my true love
VLIVE with Vocal Line Choi Yena, Kim Chaewon, Jo Yuri, Kwon Eunbi and Ahn Yujin
Ended with
Hi I know this is long over due, but thank you so much for this. Borahae! Hangsang!
Somos voluntarios
sanctuary - allie x
My love how are you? thank you for making me smile. I love you so much
Thanks u so much, love.
awe ily so much good luck today, I already know gonna kill it tho!!
Hey thanks yeah, for the best, and I have, so good then, and thanks glad
Please play Temple Of Thought and Carnival Of Rust in Cologne
Our is back. Lots of love &respect.
Yixing got for namanana at Yo! bang & kept his promise of wearing cow costume
He looks so adorable..
hope you can read this little letter the best
You stand legends master I salute you
Busan, South Korea
THEM.
Dear Lord
Thank you for this new day and your new Mercies, we, your children love and adore You and Your
Gracias !
Have a blast sweet girl
Homecoming szn
Yes2 i love thisssssss
RIP REPLAY BUTTON.
-
REMEMBERING CARRIE Today would have been Carrie Fisher's 62nd birthday. The actress, best known for playing
Burfday bois
My crush is single now
8, lovki
From 's IG story:
New collection from everydayesthersupree , coming soon!
i female solidarity yes pls
Icon Grand launching! Dhomz Alfonso Couture as the first ever Bulakeno Designer in an international
speaking the facts. i love you
Drop a "" if you Love me.
Drop a "" if you Like me.
Drop a "" if you have Crush on me.
Drop a "" if you Enjoy
happy birthday, God bless you always
He's the homie
*giggles* I love you too , idiot
Protect your heart
Love you so much too
Please play Temple Of Thought and Carnival Of Rust in Cologne
wrong with my ma
When i saw junhoe as the thumbnail from a radio show *bling bling*
Thank you peanut brittle You made my day
HI ATE MARTSS I MISS YOUUUU HELLOOOO HAHAHAHA MIZ U 2 TARA USAP
I will forever have theme song in my head
S. A. L.I. M
OMG WHAT A SMILE
Lo que va ser shoot out por dios!!! ...ESE TEMAZO VA SER EL BOP DEL
Sunday date with my hearts. I love you two so much.
Aerial tour of Anna Maria Island
CARLOS. I HIM SO MUCH.
Gonna be praying in church today that get to
Fatima Bs on 6music right now
WOW
believe this was 5 years ago already! A few months after we started dating I took him home to meet
Yesss! So proud of you!!
are for runs Have picked up latest book
But the girls were alright.
Paruthi_Veeran Recreation Video - Releasing Only On YouTube Oct 26 - Friday - Hope You are All Like That -
d10s
that outfit and what a team!
Thank you! Blessings to you, too!
Sunset
Because its precious and rare to have people to brighten your darkest time and im blessed to have two in overseas
HALLOWEEN SALE
C H AN E L HALTER DRESS
120 ONLY
Fabric : Cotton
Fit Small Upto Medium
RT 1_F_I_R_S_T "__
LikeRetweetShare
= Gain more followers Fast
Follow
Supported by
LLEGO LA NUEVA DE SOMOS TIENDA VIRTUAL SOLO TRABAJAMOS CONTRAENTREGA
sie
[VIDEO] 181021 Korean Wave Dream Donation Concert - Jihoon focus
Naver TV:
BLACK X WHITE
NAMANANA first win
this is so nice of you
Eu te amo, pra sempre meu bf
Nothing but love for Luis
"You are the only one that I should love in this world"
Please be happy and stay healthy
Love it!!
Yung di ka nag order ng extra rice pero charan!! labyu mcdo!
Melhoras vidica
Congrats boo! Make her proud
Awwww!!! He's adorable!!!
Cute little man, doing the cute
Dirty like...in Seville
------------------------------------
Follow us for great T-shirts and art.
congratsss rice
Happy birthday pretty love & miss you, have the best day!
I love them both. But, the disco version is a fabulous
If you haven't yet - get your tickets! Easily one of the best things I have ever seen. EVER!
WHAT I SAID!! OMG Happy Someone Agrees!
Congrats Xavier Team !!!
Yessss Mayyy Ganap Naaaa !!!!
Scarlett Johansson is
if you see this tweet pls make a small dua that Allah (swt) forgives all her sins and she is granted jannatul firdaus
Happy Birthday Have an amazing day gorgeous Love you
,,,
Mmmm
Presente de Deus na minha vida, Meu Mickey!
This cat though
iKON
Awww friends like this
Amritsar Dussehra Tragedy: Madrasa Students Donate Blood for Injured, Mosque Holds Prayers
Millions of salutes
I mean for that type of guy kase, very unusual na mag sa pic ko so hehe
Throw some shapes in our special collection, inspired by New York hip-hop. Bershka Mickey.
Oh mate, so sorry to hear that
Beautiful short pink haired mom
Could you imagine sitting in a baby
You've worked hard, Jyo!
Hope you like political rantings
Thanks
Valentine
This year you're mine IIIIVC__!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
I spend money on Autumn tho I got her so many fall clothes my girl about to be flyyyyy
Exactly
Puppy Love
Beautiful get hype for the week ahead man. Get HYPE do more of what you love
Big Time Rush: Anything (unreleased) is just so perf.
Thanks, I will let him know He designed it himself so I am sure he will be happy to hear that lol!
cutie iloveyou bigtime love
Thank you!
The latest The Kotlin Daily!
i hope hug matthew espinosa one day, he's so important to me
Pulling for you from NC! Texas deserves Beto!!!
Paul and Starchild I loved It Happy Sunday KISSes
My dad: not totally happy that your opinions the same as mine but proud educated about yours.
BaeDong is
Snapchat: Sophiexoxo866
choose: stacked accounts, blacknight, female soccer skin, red knight, merry marauder
rt and comment and follow
Lord, your will is best for me
Today is the best moment in my life ever! thank you for coming to Korea, and hope you enjoy in Korea
Di ko alam kung mafflatter ako o maiinsulto eh HAHAHAHA char thank you alec!
From falling in love while working at Taco Bell to now
Per usual, I had fun with my good girlfriends! I really love those gals
The Birdcage has been one of my top favorite movie. Thank you,
too cute!
Te
Turn my notifications
FOLLOW everyone who RETWEETS + this
Bro
and RT
Self-love at its finest
When the menu card of a pizza house is the favourite book of your girlfriend, you know it's a perfect match
thank you so much for this! You understand what it means to us! thank you thank
Facts - Follow
____________________________
Follow us |
Follow us
Aeeee! qual setor?
Handcrafted Tree of Life in copper. Contact Pia at Have a wonderful day
Landed at Newark, so why not pay a visit to my aunt and cousins in Bayonne!
..
I miss so much.
Neomu yeopo
...
When we love something we don't hold back. Evidence.
Quilted bombers
Sueded booties
The hard part
Is..
Remembering
That In amongst
All the chaos
Don't forget
You are
Beautiful
Aww my heart is melting
iloveyou miss danaka he he he u know me. i miss you too!! hang out soon
Hi, sorry we were so busy. We'll announce it tomorrow. Promise.
Cutie boy
Kalma ra kaayo si kharla og frank and on point ang answers! We're so proud of uuu guys
Proof all dogs go to heaven (Sydney)
aalzurowells Chamberlayne Farms, Virginia
I don't have any handsome pictures i don't need one; cuz id rather look best for you only in person not for everyone... ;)
miss this
I my kitty
Mine too..
Total eclipse of the
I'm 19 and I do feel like I'm missing out. Thank you for your response
Mihan
What an educational tweet read today! I am learning now
Good times man.
do it!! right there with you
Thank u so much!!
So glad I have the friends around me that I do! know what do without them
Met gierende banden
Grabeee sobrang solid ng weekend ko. TyL
Belated happy birthday, hojung. Labu!
Treasures
finally found my half tyL for this angel right here! huhu solid assarockk talaga kame 2geder zerz
We hoped you enjoyed DC! We're gonna miss you already!
See you soon!
Goodmorning , TGFAD
My hibiscus is in full bloom!
Ain
Sneak peek of inspired by the wonderful description of
Allyuh dunno how Uni keeps me safe always
At Teignmouth seafront.
Lovely day for it.
I'm lovin' the color.
Hey guys. I am so sorry for not being active. My phone was a bitch and I got busy and today is my birthday
Promise
Niece
THIS ENDS TONIGHT!!! And with less than 100 entires, your odds are in your favor
TUDO DE BOM NA SUA VIDA QUE TENHA SONHOS E PLANOS REALIZADOS BASTANTE EM APROVEITE
What an GREAT INTERVIEW! We miss you Roseanne. Roseanne, Interrupted: Here's What Barr's Life Is Like Now
Found these little darlings on our Sunday walk today... Happy sheep in local park grazing on the grass
My greatest achievements
Beautiful little moments with my family (including our dog) and the people close to my heart keeps my soul happy and leaves my heart warm.
I'm loving my little simple sketches of my OC Rito and Zora, Medley and Naomi ugh why are they so cute ;^;
Asia's Phoenix...
Panaginip by Morissette
Goodluck sa exams nyo tomorrow my loves
13.3K
all these weddings
The little "it's okey" at the end is so encouraging
Felices 3 meses mi vida. Que seas feliz siempre!!
thank you, Lord
Photography
moments like this that really makes my heart melt . I love this. I love the positivity, the encouragement,
Tell me one more fucking lie
Poetry in motion
THANK YOU
Oh, God
Why is he so adorable?
If I could grow up to be a combination of my anatomy professor from first tri OT school and Jo Gaines that would be great
Never forget this, how could I forget lauren singing beautifully? perfect incredible
[Neu] bh cosmetics Royal Affair Collection
amor
So happy to have you there (and on the dance floor!) Thank you for sharing and celebrating with us
This hurts so bad, but you guys left it all on the field... what else could we ask for? Thank you!
21.10.2018 Great Project BD For KristPerawat
Thank you so much babe
Cutie ddeung looking the banner "Your song is our AIR"
dd_viiiviii
Hi seen you in a while hope your all ok sending love to you Lil Dot, Prince and the boys
Twice's upcoming album
Stray Kids I am YOU please
my bias is Jeonginnie
Roundhay Park
Hey the best high mgk keep making amazing music
And you
congrats sa stan screening!!! everybody surely had fun thanks boo
Mmm sweetness
Yeeeeey! See yah~ for sure. Hihi.
HERMOSO
No of times we see ur Jodha Akbar we love ur act again n again. 200% justice to role. Wish you may be there in Padmavat as king
Pazar
Me este efecto Pantalla Dividida en Webcam Toy
Hands down this was THE BEST weekend
Love spending time with my nephew my little hammy
You two are blessed beyond belief. Hope you had a wonderful Birthday young lady. Keep on inspiring the message of
Pweedy diva
Great transformation tho
I just want a booty rub and a huge dick to make me feel better
vc with my girl
in love. I am loved and I am blessed
Nothing would make me happier welcome, glad you do oh ok, I see, I hope you had
birthday later
24 March 2017 good old days
5 new pens hiHoO
Always good to remember this
I hope you're alright! Be sure to take it easy for a while.
Thankyou! Perhaps 2018 is my year
thank you so much baby!!
Thanks God for Keira Knightley in Colette!
Guys, don't forget this ah!
Happy Sunday my lovelies. This never gets old. Prof.Birhanu with the get down.
No paseis de mi porfa
Love guys
This is the kinda thing I want sent to me while at work
20 M Views in just 48 Hours..!
The Name is ThalapathyVIJAY
Dogs are not just a pet, they're family!
Thank you for the warm hugs,
Nonono! got many things to achieve in life Gotta chase after my dreams and then create a family of my own
I wish i wasnt annoyed with the game to do the full 12 hours but after my nap i will
Um sorriso desses
Please follow
100 runs partnership between the two from 95 balls! The Rohit-Kohli duo is awesome!
Spooky time#wicked
The best ever
Listen to Mostafa Amin - The Last Dance l - by Mostafa Amin
Jimin's little pats are always so affectionate
the Paalam, Shadow segment
Thanks alot!! have a nice day!
IZ*ONE TEASER IMAGES WITH KWON EUNBI
You're so hilarious. I love you
Teefe ka Swag
Good morning to me and this cutie only
This shot at point from Kohli
He manufactured the gap to perfection there.
Thank you. You are very kind. I am very grateful.
nothing bad to say
super and super low featuring by my
Happy birthday to your dad - I LOVE Great Canal Journeys
Sending Sunday love from Spain
Ainnn
That made me cry!! I'm so very proud of you my lovely sister-in-law
Keep up the great work!!
Such a beautiful day for the wedding!
I promise falling for me won't be a mistake.
With
Fortnite Halloween Themed Header !!
Likes and Retweets Appreciated
naraid66
zrcmu@fhbv
Thanks iKon my eyes and ears were blessed Don't stop shinning and making music bbs
Je les aimes putain
It feels sooo good that there is someone who loves you as much as you love him blessed
aww sweetest. Thank youuu
Carlos
Dave
Having a soft heart in a cruel world is courage , not weakness
Lead me lord
//I have a lot of accounts I can flip to see what I can do.
"Wherever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for kindness."
- Seneca
I will do anything to have you back! You are my night and shinning armor. I love you!
Hoco 2018
yes please
EXO - D.O.
Finally!! My NashLene heart
Good evening angel
help myself but to cry abt shadow and kuya mervin
dogs are not just pets, family
She looks absolutely stunning. Aww. at Wembley.
Up the road to me.
Family full of girls think we need a lad or two
Feliz
Christian Life Program Couples for Christ.
i'm so blessed, my heart is happy! thank you guys
we need your support in favor of democracy today
Why oh why???? Give me my jooheon
Esa chica me vuelve loco
GUDBill13: RT dodo: The look on this face when she runs on her own for the very first time
Ik not twins but I meant both of you are equally as gorgeous
TRENDY TOPS
BUTTERFLY TOP
99 Only
Fit Small Upto SemiLarge
Oh my I love it btw this girl is veRy veRy talented
He looks absolutely breathtakingly beautiful.
I can't wait to see the performance of
Wally + Sunny + Seasons = South Dennis,
Cute nung aso e. Si shadow.
Both of these
Thank you. I love you too
Five years of friendship and it keeps getting better fiery, independent, and strong. Thanks for being a
Good morning everyone I hope everyone has a great day or night wherever you are
You and Me
Excited sa lahat
LLUVIA DE VOTOS
Hoy a las 22h sube tu voto a
MIRIAM SE SALVA
So sorry your going through this again its not right yout a great dad and the girls love you, hope it gets sorted out soon
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: Cute Red TUTU! Would make cute accessory for
Thank you and you to babe
miss u too but as long as we're still on touch everything'll be fine!!!
Cr.
I think it would be up to that individual. But it would be great to know so we can show appreciation.
huhu
C for Christ
C for Correct answer
SADNESS HAHAHUHUHU worry get you as much pizza as you want when i get back
abel tesfaye n bella hadid is
I love this Feast.
Iti melhor festa surpresa
back in the tag i see? wow, you really can't stay away, welcome to the fan club!
white
is such a sweet man, love this!
/ The true artist helps other by revealing mystic truths.
Twice's upcoming album
Tak
Estoy en con
Tooooda la tarde con Kassandra
Os espero!
Miss you so much Kim Hopefully only a couple months left !
Me too!
U weird & i love it!!!! Thank youuuu
much love Kenny
finally with you
Fam
Very well said! I Eminem...and despise the Orange one!
Thank you for your support Emma! You were great and fab cheering!
Love is stronger than hate
Faith is stronger than Fear
A3
lol folks really hate me for breathing ok sis. i understand.
I loved Matt this season. And the ending? My heart
wait for my fave angel to be back
Beauti full so nice iLove you i'Like you too much
i'm so blessed, my heart is happy! thank you guys
Stunning! Love your photos.
Merciiiii !!! On Vous
Replay:
Snappy
Thankk youuu po for the advices hihi
Valentine
This year you're mine nightmare12364!
And you, whom will be yours?
Brazilian fans love your books
Gm Natalie Love I Love you
I am being so exxxxxtra dinner for one
already on the train
sitting
thank you for today
If from the heart then that all that counts
Thank you, Eunice!!
aww! thaaaanks ally miss u!
I hope okay, always a message away
Done
Happy 24th birthday to my beautiful sister, Jenn!! Love you!! Virginia
My Sis!!!!
Yay
I love
& thank you for finally giving my girl the life her & my squirt deserves.
Yieee thank youu poo pede namn HAHA
ANY TIME IS GAINING TIME
200 LIKES=200 FOLLOWERS
Like
Retweet
Comment ifb
Follow Who Like and RT
Follow
Love you mahea. Have a good day
Congratulations
Please remember that I always got your back, as Kyungsoo got Jongin's.
I pray for your good health and
Thank you po
Jin-shii , so precious
Thank you Babydoll
OG hero of all sorts.
Oh Halimah (RA) the walk to your she-camel was just SubhanAllah, Oh Bilal (RA) your Azaan was just SubhanAllah
Happy 1 Year
Waiting for Park Minyoung FM in Indonesia
seriously this is why I love you
A Star Is Born
Queen for the First time ever as TV show host very much excited
Show name
Happy 1 Year
to adopt a village in Srikakulam District, suggested by
Babai - Abai Bonding
Tomorrow is never So, today, let your friends and family know how thankful you are that they are in your life.
Omg you look stunning
So lovely and sweet
bonico todo.
Anbaana DirectorFor A Reason
Last year in soddaku
This tym can't wait for this
You put yourself down too much and you deserve all the love in the world. I love you very much
hope okay!
If you guys know this, this man has my
Sipping my coffee is the best part of my day forget those effin' toxic people they aren't helpin'
Love this show and seeing all of you talk about it was like reliving it all over again
HUGE S/O TO FOR THE RAID/HOST! It made my day, truly love you lil pnut
Im so fcking addicted to this song
Chainsmokers u da best
with get_repost
Keep it simple Miramar Beach, Florida
Thank you too!! PETA is and I you too!
i love you with every beats of my heart
Awww me encanta saber que te divertiste
Thanks for this fanfic!!!!! followed this one from the start. Looking forward to the new one!
Yo
LLEGO LA NUEVA DE SOMOS TIENDA VIRTUAL SOLO TRABAJAMOS CONTRAENTREGA
and we will travel together & just be inlove forever
Yo te cuido, no te preocupes
My favourite song (I have many) and this is what they've done to it I love it!
Wembley muito lindo
My level
Lots of love Meera
Can u two redecorate a room in my home in CT?
inspiring me a lot congrats beauty
IZ*ONE TEASER IMAGES WITH MIYAWAKI SAKURA
Yaaay!!
Heaven
That photo just truly lifted me up with a huge smile!!
New phoneeeeee Thanks Ma
Red Velvet - Irene!
yiee i love youuu pangit
I just spent another Sunday afternoon reading a book
Comment how much you want and your console
That's beautiful! We're sure you're day was very appreciative of it. Family is so important
Rumo a !!
So cute
Please send pet photos
Having a rough day
\
Spot is such a sweet dog. He to give kisses and sit on your lap. Good with other dogs. Housebroken.
Wish you luck!!
Actual photo of my heart. George Bush Intercontinental Airport
Ter Steven leading the line, I love it
ANY TIME IS GAINING TIME
200 LIKES=200 FOLLOWERS
Like
Retweet
Comment ifb
Follow Who Like and RT
Follow
Wow mignon merci
December Avenue is
Trust me, I feel you you just control yourself, babe. And I blame you, just perfect in every way
hello, same here gurl. always here for u, looking forward to have a bonding w u Godbless!!
I love being around women who let me be myself. When I can come to you and show my true self with no judgment is the PUREST.
Sunday morning climbs . Followed by striking a pose .
Karachi is love
Ate Rein pa follow back
dear someone , thankyou for bringing out the best in me.
& for more Videos!
they look match together
my sleepy little kitten
Eating soba with gaku uwu
IG UPDATE 10.21| Sweet as ever. Fan service was great! We stan the right one
Our everything our Jesus
Thank you bro
I may not find it today or tomorrow, maybe not even even next week, but I'll
The intelligent eggshell is
Hahahah. Kaam pe lag jaen bud.
Nobody writes (read: ruins) urdu the way you do!
Beautiful
Despite not talking to each other for months, years, yet when we're together nothing changed.
I definitely want to work with him someday: Veteran actor on working with son
December Avenue's songs are GOLD
the breakdown after
Mimi you suck and we love you for it
26
H a p p y B i r t h d a y To our boss lady Sabrina Caring, dedicated & talented, we are so lucky to have
Happy birthday
Eppatilaagee bunny UHD pics pamputhuu vundu
LOOK AT THE MARGIN OMYGOD YIXING YOU TRULY ARE THE KING OF CHINA
CONGRATULATIONS YOU DESERVE IT
I SH
Still beautiful
What happened to the four of you? Seven kami, okay naman hehe
been incredible simply rehearsing - the concert itself will be unforgettable. We are so lucky to have
Happy 8k crush! support all the wayyy
En New York
We so happy gaming up this time and very soon he gonna take over
sacrificing yourself for others is the greatest gift you could ever give them.
-Ezio Auditore
Red light and love
Much love from Africa
much love cousin I miss you too!
Meta
Post Dengue Escape with
Xana all!!! HAHAH
{} {} {} {} {}
Need a real button for this
Happy Sunday!
Insert Heyley S. Fernando
My happy pill
HAPPY BIRTHDAAAAY TO THE BEST LEADER iloveyouuuu hanbinnieee
good morning make today a great day
It is brother. Thank you for your kind words and thoughts yesterday.
love them still
they deserve atleast respect, u guys ask for second chances but u dont know how
Eu amo vc e vou te proteger
also, a huge thank you to shawn stand for spreading the word
beach , sea , clouds and my bed
Bom dia
Alia and Sonakshi commented on post
OKAY I LOVE TRIV SO MUCH
I love these little kisses . On your shoulder kind, on your cheek, forehead, hand, butt, thigh. arg
So incredibly happy
Hank wip
LLEGO LA NUEVA DE SOMOS TIENDA VIRTUAL SOLO TRABAJAMOS CONTRAENTREGA
Oh man, so glad I pre-ordered the new album. Sounds SO good and I'm here for I Do Love U.
In memory of my Dad
that would be perfect
We are unworthy but we are loved by a perfect God.
to you as well sir Patriots
A very warm Happy Birthday to you sir
My Papa! My Papa!
of the best shop in is the 100 hours curry curry for
one I took of Zephyr lying on that rock
Feliz a todas MADRES
i wait to see your lil face and meet you, i love you. you came from the blood in my veins.
Beauty in Yellow
I like it too tita meds
Love you! wait to see you
Love you KAJAL
Wow. Thank you so much for your hardwork
Eu tbm amo vc
Zindabad
is definitely my bitch if i dfwy please expect her to.
Time flies!
still on high because of is really all kinds of wonderful
The vid with the
the only way I know....you must joint us next time home.
so happy & excited! X
G U E S S TOP
99 Only
Fabric Cotton
Fit Small upto Medium
yass like who isn't?
open this tweet
let a bad day
you feel like you
a bad life
smile
if you know these songs, you've came a long way
Lucas Simonsson!!!
How awesome is it to discover accomplishments of Apollo students ?? Pretty awesome.
How do you protect me, promise to respect both me and you
Much love from Africa to you
ok, I know busy!! Thanks so much for your reply!!! check your video out now!!!
Chanyeol is so sweet i love him so much all the songs i just cant :(
CHLOE IS HORNY AND LIVE NOW!
ready to make her squirt?
sign-up for free below
Become the
always here for you.
[#MONSTA_X
Lo,
I hug and hi nalang mi ila BJ and ila Tatay dira sa heaven ha.. We love you Rest well now Lo. See you again,soon.
Pafollow back Ge mo to
I wait Houston, Tx in 6 days
Chnayeol uploaded another song on soundcloud
so lovely
international love
goodnight everyone today was good im happy and excited for tomorrow
SUPER SUNDAY
Tap if following this bet and you could win free VIP access at 3pm!
Match: Hamilton
happy birthday, thank you for your beautiful and talented children Harry and Gemma have a very
Fala Com O Arthur ? sim
LLEGO LA NUEVA DE SOMOS TIENDA VIRTUAL SOLO TRABAJAMOS CONTRAENTREGA
Honestly the cutest couple ever
Baba ka pyar
I never thought see ot4 stans and camilizers being this ONE,a proof that no matter happened we still care for one another
Mas inocente y no naces...JAJAJAJAJA memeo
My brother loved red Gang Gang we a family
Spread Love
Follow first and Ifb:)
Amy Pejkovic is my all time favorite high jumper (26 Photos)
For the first time in my whole life I am happy and content with how everything is going in my life
tyG for such a great day!
Kohli is class
Another Round of Hump Day Because of Reasons
Hey can I have my kaeun eomma?
One love Each one help one
sana you'll continue being a good person to all the people around you bb hehe so lucky to be one of your friends
S/o to my dad who taught me how to take shit and when needed to b cold hearted & how to handle my shit, love you bunches daddy
open this tweet
let a bad day
you feel like you
a bad life
smile
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL & CARING LADIES YOU COULD EVER DREAM ABOUT
AAAAAAA FALA SERIO MANO EU SOU MT TOP AF
AMEIIII!!!
Thanks Paige ! love you !
I added a video to a playlist Gemini 'ON THE SAME PAGE BUT DIFFERENT PACE' October 2018 Love
Heartly Congratulations
P.S - Deepu will be Love Always n Forever Cutie
I had no idea where u were at babe found you tho
Youll always be perfect for me dany. Hayaan mo yang iba thank you
this is how my 1st graders act they just love each other. Pure love for your friend (more like brother)
NAKAKAPROUD TALAGANG MAGING ISANG FAN NG NAG IISANG JULIE ANNE SAN JOSE. SOBRA SOBRANG NAKAKAPROUD I LOVE YOU
indeed, a very special day! Thank you for the effort sml
My niece & nephew-in-law's wedding
this guy and our team. They are all heart.
Thank you holy angel from above!
Interesting conversation I just had with my mother, ... Man!! this woman
for raising how important SoMe is to disabled/MI/CI ppl. Putting a tweet out there when you're
Momo looks perfect in that costume
Baking cupcakes for my project team wait to do a bake sale fundraiser next month in Holborn!
Good Morning!
Enjoy your coffee & take it slow today ... give your SOUL a chance 2 catch up with your body!
NOV 16thhhh!!!
naraid66
jnn$d1gnsynw
THANK YOUUU KUYAAAA HUHU LOVE YOU
Hehehe
Muchas gracias ;; erwing
My heart is happy!!! Forever thankful
not possible to love someone anymore than I love her , I swear
Maravilla y
Afternoon
Aww. Thanks Chantelle darling.
Wishes for a
They are so cute
HANDSOME
Come now for your massage . 150sr only
0506350141
Another beautiful day in Dallas had a great time here as well as visiting with family and friends Blessed
It was so lovely! You two are the best
The only blonde model beside Rosie I stan for yas
Words of wisdom
Sending you
Hi
:( he has grown...
Lyatt's back!
And Sudanese movies and share group
Taking Time For Reflection
I luv u more lamoyan hihi
CBA-CPAG DANCERS! Love u judaaaay!
Ps. May shorts po kami dyan, oversized lang talaga shirt namin hahahaha
is now online
look how wide and lovely their smiles are
Me to babe a team
thank you bby love you sm
So happy with this lovely gift from
it fits perfectly with her
GOOD MORNING I LOVE CALUM HOOD SM
Yezzz hepp chat box hahahahaha
Jamie na premiere de em Londres
Via imwhereuwant2b
Nice to see u together
You both truly deserved all the love Blessings pamore
Thank you!
nakakatuwa nanaman hayyy, tyL ure the best Im so blessed, I follow God and im not scared to share it
love kanang charap eight zexy
Fancy dress
.
Thank you bro . Love you as well
Let's spend our time together
Worldwide nice thankful
HAPPY BIRTHDAY OUR LEADER
Be it cheesecake,bread,scones or a flan I think safe to say I baking with cheese
I miss you queen
Svahahshpanazjgia. Perfection
Thanks for the quick reply. I will send an email now.
Thank you for the chance to win
to talk with you
Thank you my love
There's always a reason to smile so find it
Thank you to all of the beautiful and talented women who attended the Combo Queens meetup at last night!
Bom Domingos a todos
Addie got her flu shot yesterday! She cry, and got to pick a sucker!
you brotha.
Thank you so much for keeping us updated
Aww sorry
Happy Birthday Carrie Fischer. May the force be with you, Princess Leia You will be always our Princess.
Aw I love you
love this pic of Jackie, so glam
The Beatles - Michelle with Paul McCartney and Jane Asher "Cover"
Congrats to band!!!
Nice
Can I join with you and start working
I feel love
When i look into your eyes
Meu amor
I forgot about that! I wanted to. I wait to see the movie either!
Imagine all the ideas in head to get the bone
How long will I love you? As long as stars are above you~ and longer if I can~
Here is the
Anbaana Director going to write a song for
Thank you so much Lala
happy birthday mate! Have a mad one look forward to seeing you soon
Yey! Finaaally Rest Day Tomorrow
ganda boses and cuteeeee
it's actually a quote from "Julius Caesar" but have a blessed day too Teresa and you're welcome
theambassadorposts: Idris Elba for ShortList magazine. Love this man!
Khaled Javad Kadhem is an Iraqi professor of university who serves pilgrims of Imam proudly
thank you! das my dawg! the sweetest man!
Hot lesbian action by the pool with Brooklyn and Darcie
Thank you for the fair warning, Solitude. I shall remain alert. Hope you're well
You mend it back... it can only be broken when you're down by the feelings but could be mend when you move on and yourself
How lovely!!! Defo my kind of morning
extend the airtime more kapuso performer also.
Julie is great, as usual.
My very own portfolio website is finally live!
Check it out here at
(It is responsive,
ty for trade!
21.10.2018 Great Project BD For KristPerawat
Ahah love u too nh
long rides & good music
I hope you find what looking for in life and happy. all I ever wanted for you.
we only have football pictures.. whoops! i love you.
appreciate all those involved in putting together!
Now watching
Minhas meninas
So honored to know you and be part of this wonderful family
Kiernan Shipka via instagram storie desejando feliz para o Chance
On Sundays we do church .
MY king and queen !!
isto!
You're not done yet, don't give up
Just checked hun. Says 5.45 pm.
Happy Birthday Cousin
Best pictures to define's mother love
gooooooood morning to
G U E S S TOP
99Only
Fabric Cotton
Fit Small upto Medium
Thanks alot
That's true, have a great day
yes please we need!! see u loves
never too late
I will see you in the AM honey
Amazing!
New career New environment. Few more steps to our dream life, my love slowly but surely I love you sayang
te amooo
CHAM CHAM
This isn't that Brooke Hogan, it's way better (28 Photos)
Thank you so much
Also two years ago today
Oby
HOY WORTH IT KA MAHALIN, TOTOO YAN AT DI DAHIL SA NAKITA KO QUOTE TWEET MO HEHE Thankyou anon!!
Mother sitang
The women I look Up to..
ALSO YOU CAN ADD MORE VOTES HY DOWNLOADING GAMES AND ANSWERING QUIEZZES ON THE APP. IF YOU USED ALL YOUR YOU
I'M SO EXCITED TT TT
New place
My babies are getting married My love and prayers all the way from Egypt
Had a blast today watching All Out of Love the musical at Newport
Thank you MiG Ayesa for signing our tix and
Read this in Costa on the seafront of Torquay. Thanks Habibi.
LLEGO LA NUEVA DE SOMOS TIENDA VIRTUAL SOLO TRABAJAMOS CONTRAENTREGA
The two I love
forget you can prebook me for Skypes and have your time set. Available from 3pm-10pm central
IZ*ONE TEASER IMAGES WITH KANG HYEWON
Thank you you've always been a great friend and supporter!
Aww 2 years ago my best friend got married
He just want to admit it! teach him ways eventually!
Lil meow meow is the cutest
The community that eats together - wins together!! I my Wingman!
RT Post Edited: Golden Gates
our cars make almost as good a couple as we do
Yesssss, I love it! I will never ever NOT love this franchise.
Can't escape Taengoo's voice
Love you so much
Awweeee that smile and those eyes can kill anyone anywhere you look gorgeous
There's a new addition to my collection - I'm so pleased with her
This is a crochet representation of the
Thank you Lord!
GOOD NIGHT CARATS! Dream of Me
~
Smarties McFlurry is my new addiction
Coz the only addiction I can afford
Happy wedding Anniversary Lala yes yes i am getting jealous but its okay
God Is Good . Thank You for this New Day
MADER SITANG EXCLUSIVE ON RATED K
Clap Clap Clap!
Let's Watch The Online Sensation and The Headbang Girl
Tarjei Sandvik Moe for Elle Norge
Ffff! So damn cute
I can't wait to commision you one day!
nouus
Pozitif fotolar
Late night talks with my siblings is
my baby volvo 740SE 1988 with a b230fs engien
Luv thissss
Hatred stirs up conflict, but love covers over all wrongs... Proverbs 10:12
love u guys
the most photogenic award goes to.. Louisa
Wake&Bake Good morning
I had some hand-me-down Eagle annuals as a kid too. Very evocative
Half term at Chop Chop
listening to a music in the middle of the night is the best
RJ thanks for he giveaway
Thank you so much Elodie I had really lovely day Lots of love to you beautiful lady
Need to chat
Thanks brother
Good morning
Momo to
the most handsome cutie
BOOM cracking find with the CTX 3030 get in
The replies are so heartwarming
happening... Thank you all for your support
oh, Ali. she's simply affected.
and seeing my mom smile is priceless
Aproveita a chocolate branco hein
hays pogi parin haha
Hatred stirs up conflict, but love covers over all wrongs... Proverbs 10:12
Dawon Dawon
w/ Make-Up. w/o Make-up
Still handsome tho
OMG. Emily Thorne and Daniel Grayson are engaged in real life.
She looooove pancakes
So Seoul Cafe
Mahmoud Darwish - A lover from Palestine
Daniel Seavey or Jack Avery? Bothhhhhh
The BEST King TY
Congrats future wife for your Convocation. Proud of you.
Aries mars, Pisces venus & I have a couple but I love elephants
Sdds
Aries mars, Pisces venus & I have a couple but I love elephants
Trend Panni Therikka Vidunga Nanba
crying....... my two adorable son
U can do it dzai laban abm !!!
Agatha Cooper
No problem babe. You got us
More than 1.2 Million likes and 68k+ comments in just 3 hours on Deepika instagram post
Guess? We
Perfect babe takes thick cock
I this outfit had on for Those shoes are bad!
hey! happy birthday queen
My current idea of a perfect weekend? Reading in bed . I really recommend this one enough -
precious
Thank you Lord for waking me up this morning
Love this new add on! Makes adding your screencasts to seamless. Way to go
Thank you, Boss! Love you always!!
De sempre para sempre
honestly mv views quite surprising now, +/- 100k a day, thank you kilings let's get 3m views a.s.a.p
love
stay strong jasmine magiging okay din siya oki?? think positive lang, love you cheer up!!! Thankuu anon!
Harrison enjoyed the stoke match yesterday!
1 like = 1 bias (i can't find bias ver okay)
:sponsored tweet:
I will vote Your turn!!
thankyou
Beautiful Nature
vote for our baekhyunee~
I slept great! And its raining
We ! Took a lot of courage for us to walk across those grates to get here so ! is
With
Thank you for always sharing your music with us.
the video showed all her awards and the gift from a fans
lionelp9
Adem banget
hello my little happines
Home sweet home...
But it's been a fabulous weekend
Love you too
Infairness naman sa good heart ni Mother Sitang
HEOL! CHANGKYUN
anam
Thank you
Coz u r my Di
Coz u r strong
Coz I love ur eyes
Coz we r sasssy lameass jodi
Coz u have
Last
There's a sense of healing that happens to my soul every time I see my gran literally dragged myself home today & so glad I did.
awesome answer by deepika! ranveer is hers and only hers
Look at his happy face
This!
When I started taking myself seriously as a writer. Who else is going to take
Awww
Thank you
Day20-this is my moment by martine mccutcheon reason - was playing whilst Jaz was born and my mam was there
Uff sir apni iss killer si smile sy maar hi dalo gy kia?? this smile daily
This is rather dope
Heading to see our play our
Follow everyone who likes this
If you are reading this by now, I hope something great happened to you today , good night - t
I LOVE YOU YFC CAVITE!!! HAPPY ANNIVERSARY
I love this sm
the day when yoo jung ahn celebrated her birthday excited to see you again
Thank you for the reminder!
Happy Jamie!
record neowwww
my beautiful secret
Comment how much you want and your console
Red light and love
What a beautiful, touching scene.... Thank you for sharing!
My messy daughter.
Go pour un autre youtube warrior 3
Lmao... real love
aur Allah hidayat de deta hy unko jinko chahta hy
"mashallah"
One of the best feeling *ang maging Ate*
Self Love
Coffee & a hallmark movie go so well together
of course! see you soooon
Hahaha wow Thanks whitey
So proud of boo You deserve this, all your hard work!
I love chemistry
Wbu ?
This just warmed my heart
so prouddddd congrats nublah!
Happy 1st birthday Ong ong ninang loves you.
change everyday all is great can't choose.
mine is this. just sharing
Huzur
"They told me not to fall in love, that sh*t is pointless"
No truer words were uttered in a song
Happy birthday to the mother of all of us fans! thank you always being there, we all love you!
Happy early birthday to the muthafckn slaughter King ya just cause it's the 21st day but
Thank you so much for your good wishes ily
Thank you TEDxKampala 2018
Such an exhilarating experience !
Ophelia Photography
We gave him extra love - not sure who that grown up is calling Devin.
:| love to! do that, pleaseeee?
Bg
For my mom to live forever
Homecoming 2018 Always interesting pics with these two. This week marks the end of one successful business
I really have a favorite I love all them the same. The Thigh Riders are my ride or die
Beautiful Nature
emergency vidcon. pag biglaan talaga mas natutuloy. wohoo! so many good news!
love you stars!
excited for
Love this TED talk! One of my favorites.
summer wear
I am so sorry! from the Netherlands.
+ =
&
Thank you Arlington Church of Christ! Our clients are grateful for your support
+ =
&
Prepare my heart, Lord!
Losers try their best. Winners go home and Find Her
I love your poems
De fou
I love Mexicanas that like White cock
Yesssss, I love it! I will never ever NOT love this franchise.
Love President Carter and Georgia, USA. This state is the birthplace of my grandfather. It is still Indigenous
STRIPES BAKUNA TOP
99 Only
Fit Small Upto Medium
Fabric Knitted
Let me be clear. This a knock on Meghan. I her. I her
Omg they really went down the slide Together as well Yena x Wonyoung is adorable
Love you PARI
Straight from Japan! It finally came I had to be careful in placing the picket since it exactly fit
those boots though!
this is too much look who's struggling yet doing their best to perform
Atenea
Gather around kids, this is going to be good. Zoe Kardashian is threading her sis
Ramahlwe Mphahlele off position all the time when they have to defend
I love you. You know how to make me look good. Without you just a lump of nothing.
Happy birthday Mom
Ohhh my goodnessss!
Nice! Love the twist ending! And, well, wood-fired pizza, too!
look at these beautiful flowers from John Thank you!!
RT, Follow & mention thanks
Thinking of you this morning! Hope everything is okay!
005 : Funny Vigo /Tik Tok + Vines Entertained with Ninja MU NOT TO LAUGH
Minnie & Yuqi watched Taeyeon's concert
Someday ill get the chance to see and meet you, Panic! At The Disco. :((( :)))
so happy for you both god bless
Awee thank you so much
Standing together to make change happen and let evidence speak for itself.
My heart is so full right now
I love you. My nev, change
Oh yeah sure
Hie Shrine, what a beauty!
Thank you
Some of the stills of from new TV show program
Guys keep posting and make it as
YAYYY
Everyone has a story.
Yieeeee Glory to Him!!!!
Good night crush
Moooooh
You're amazing King,God bless you my friend.
Thanks sa pa-ice creaaaam! Hehe
Take all the time you need. We'll always have your back
Definitely wishing I was with you all!
Gl gros
Doggo doin a relax
Vou postar aqui tbm
Yes!!
finally blackpink is disbanding omg
my life ain't perfect but i'm so much thankful of everything that i have
the Scots.
The weather with the clouds gathering and the cold breeze
by x
GIVEAWAY TIME! In celebration of You, I wanted to give Best wonderful customers & followers some on
always be in my heart even if you never really had me in yours
Y\u2019all got anymore of that Find Her? (40 Photos)
9 days and I'll turn 18
love ya lots
Thank you for sharing
ugh chanyeol's voice
A todas en especial la mia
beauty
He deserves to be
Start the week right with Rosie Fawehimi (25 Photos)
my
I really am thankful for mis amigos
SUR TOI
what Democracy looks like!
Gotta love the kitties Josh
you're welcome, that's good
It was fucking lit last night bitch
the past few weeks were really depressing but God took over
This is a holy masterpiece
typical of monsta X
we love you masternim
Aaahh foi muito legal
Late Lunch Food and Nice drinks
Thanks bb, I hope you have fun too!
Best sweetest day with my girls
Feliz domingo
i know i'd go back to you
i'll miss you until we meet again
jiwon's hairstyle
hey guy u join LDLC team? Enjoy my bro
I HATE knowing that never be as good of a tank as you ): toss me some pointers
Merci mon chat
You're my one and only
Sunday chills
that's the stare of LOVE ok i love my man u cute muah
My little narnia fairy
JONA TOPS
V STRING TOPS
99 Only
Fit Small to SemiLarge
Happy Bailey wants to remind you that at
all the Seaside Casual
I understand, you have a caring heart. Sometimes all you can do is pray for them and move on.
Soldiers Are Cute Too
It was a blast
you deserve all the best boo
beautiful
Oh man on the is a beautiful beautiful man with a beautiful voice too. Wow
GIVEAWAY TIME! In celebration of You, I wanted to give Best wonderful customers & followers some on
Temos hahah
I hope you're too
Ooh modeuso
Thank god Chanyeol is feeding us well
.
So far so incredible.
Happy Sunday Sweetheart
Yes it is!! We are so relieved my friend.
if ready to go for 2/2
If we smash this now joining VIP? It would be rude not too, Right?
Cr. BLACK HAERT
Bakit sobra gwapo mo
Gwapoha Juan GDL oyst
I added a video to a playlist Abraham Hicks How to State your Intentions Clearly No ads
and RT
Na miss ko tong si Madam
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA SUA LINDA
Listeb By real__pcy on
God is waiting for you
Go to mass
I love the time we spend with us
HTP is love.
32 months of
Beautiful in every respect
Thank you for being there for them.
It came in this personalised box, inclusive of a Viktor Nikiforov acrylic
Context: We didn't know each other!
The Agit
Butterfly Kiss
PERSONA
The Magic of Christmas
POC
I am legit struggling with this this morning. So thank you
At least we have good memories, that will over power the bad when needs be, want nothing but the best for you in life, goodbye
44. when i went to Turkey and doing Umroh at 2015
Happy birthday! God bless
My. Freaking. Heart
If you know...you know
thank you so much gorgeous Xx
Beautiful. wait to read the whole thing!
Aw thank you but I am exhausted! Ahahah
ugh chanyeol's voice
OMGGG HI
Church this morning? I think YES!
Today's Flash FREEBIE SVG by Caty Catherine Happy Birthday Balloons And Banner Generic Any Age
One of my favorites
22.
Take our hearts
Haha I could never delete you
You me
Oh man on the is a beautiful beautiful man with a beautiful voice too. Wow
The Daily Nude!
think anything makes me happier than watching my kids play a sport they love
The fanchant
Oh!! They look cute though
Love ya Katelyn
Listen by real__pcy on
Go Baby Lay so proud of you
Every one deserves crystals in their ......This crystal will keep you active and healthy
I am saddened by your loss. I wish you comfort and peace as you deal with such deep sorrow.
i love you !!!! salamat sa pagcheer up nakoo! salamat sa words of encouragement! salamat sa comfort ug love ug everythinggg
We love you ate Salamat sa pagmamahal sa NashLene.
Yieee, NashLene Forever !!!!
Thank You This really means a lot to Matts fans....
Congratulations Baby you deserved it
amazing
Pues ya sabes
Love my fluffy sweater
Kwentuhan kita soon!!! miss you and our UBE dates
My set featuring corset, sandals and sandals
More
New Day Blessings
Thank you for taking the time to take this earlier Your the best! I LOVE YOU
heard your new song for the first time recently and I loved it! such a great song!
i love the adore you change part
Funny prank played on groom on his wedding day ====================
Double Tap Tag Friends
Embrace the power, Labradorite and onyx drop earrings we 18ct gold vermeil on Silver.
Thank you for the amazing 5 days
i love you so much hope you had a great time
21 facts about one of fav gay dad couples: and Daryl!
SBS really love Jisoo
S U N D A Y LOVE YOU BOTH!
Feeling 22!
Chowking is
will make sure you see Faysal Qureshi in this
This one will be big InshAllah! Dil keh raha
Love is love is love is love...
Valentine
This year you're mine ifierte!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
You know what? what I like about us... is that we are getting some good vibes in the tag. It's so cute. Who
it was sooooo beautiful
I can run it for uI'm big fan of Irene
sana happy ka always bby ha? Always know that you are worth it and a lot people loves you.
Not long now till Pre-Order for !! Tuesday is the day, who is ready and excited?!
My favorite EXO song is Tender Love! All time favorite song
Thanks mumshie whennnn???
big!!
I even explain how good last night was, love my girls
Awe.. TheCarolina Hurricanes way to do it.
Welcome to the Family Ella! That hat
The morning view from Liss Ard
Thalaiva ur after a long time sunday suprise the love bond btwn u and us(suriya fans) is great thnk u fr
Hey,guys. Just wanted to let you know we all did great today. Sometimes we win, sometimes we learn. Fighting!
My bestie and I I love this girl!! Close to family as you can get without being blood
I love me some building wax! Denise mastered this look.
Nice place to rest
Yes you did indeed and I appreciate that babe tysm
Lovely
>Family
>Friends
>My Bhaiya
Good Night , ily always
Love this akikobabaakiko interior styling yuking_o Fashion otkmk our throws are available
Being told I look like my mum is my favorite thing to hear because so beautiful
181021 // liuyaowen weibo updates
El teaser de KAI! AY KAI SOS TAN LINDO...GRACIAS POR SIEMPRE PONERLE GANAS A LAS
20.10.18
Day 26.
Great performance yesterday vs Chelsea
Kristen stewart beauty appreciation tweet
Because I live for EXO X SVT interactions
18 octobre : chantant en acoustique lors de son show pour Radio Disney LA ! (1/2)
Heart is happy but still broke, how do you heal a broken heart? How do you make the heart part feel nothing for
These young girls think lit to be a side piece but I always liked the burger more than the fries
It's safe to stop for a while, take a break, the world will not stop spinning if you stop for a while
Raj is still the same
Thank you.
MEEEE
I love autumn
I hope you are all enjoying it
and that was me
to the person who introduced me to Brazilian music
been a long time.
Contribute for a good cause , join the Pink Ribbon Run with family and friends to show and care towards the
After a sad evening, encouraging to come across words like this to life my spirits up again
IZ*ONE TEASER IMAGES WITH CHOI YENA
Do what makes your soul shine- and do a lot of it Midtown East, Manhattan
5) Ten and Renjun who call each other "soul brother"
My heart
happiness is when you see people laughing at your jokes
Get ready to rumbleeee! | SNAPCHAT 4 SUBS | NOOB ALERT !hype !sound !1stwin
eu amo
What does things that makes me feel energized? When my whole family approved the taste of food that I made
This is lovely! Some stickers & badges should reach Bangalore soon!
Valentine
This year you're mine darth_lillow!
And you, whom will be yours?
thank you, pat
thanks tori!!!
congratulations tala, you take after joon i know
Good morning beautiful Sunday
i'll try my best to pre-order ur album, and i am ready and excited for this new ep
Me, I can not wait
Set The Sun ver would be nice and rhx for this GA
Te como
My Beautiful Sweethearts Enjoy Nabs
Really enjoying myself for my birthday weekend
First Love directed by Paul Soriano is a good movie to watch!!
' MT belezaa
Manooooooo, merece
Stay safe babe
october praise
Hello Thank you
*thompsonb liked
It's the personal touches that make your big day extra special! Check out our latest blog post for some
He looks like a nice guy, so many strong contestants in
My set featuring corset, sandals and sandals
More
2nd home
Rico via stories.
I loved her presentation on early spellers!
So excited
SEXY HALTER DRESS
120.00 Only
Fit Small Upto Medium
Fabric Cotton
Morning ladies
Bye for now, Vladivostok International Airport
Eu te amooo meu amor
I will thank you
He puts me to shame and im half his age!
Baiknya rean ini
This is beautiful
Everyone enjoying the half time entertainment
the GAA
Damn id hug you Rn simmie.. love you g I know nobody but DMs open thanks for your music.
I love growing up with you Paradigm Mall Johor Bahru
Your Favourite Small fine girl
Good Afternoon y'all
Love that you are such a dedicated fan of Britney I am too but afford to meet her
You can preorder in the link in this tweet, 10% off using SANE.
Your Favourite Small fine girl
Good Afternoon y'all
My new obsession is
bhai
Pff, of course you deserve
LOVE THIS AND LOVE YOU.
at school all week and I miss the London show when there. Pls can you come Sheffield on Sunday
Words describe how much I love my mama.
i preorder it here but i wait til it comes out!!
Happy Day
Happy Buffet
Also RE and CS.
NAKAKAIYAK TO EH SOBRANG NAKAKA EMOO
Listen to By real__pcy on
I love you
Here I Brings You
Unknown Facts
1. Our Chief Taking Nearly 5000+ Pics With Fans In Just 24HRS
(1/n)
Aww ty
Congratulations and and to Maam Liberty Porras
this
EU+NA FeelsGoodMan
She still getting crowns after all these years she really deserve it happy for her
TEAM HAI PHONG FROM VIETNAM
Always be my Cherry cant wait for your big day my baby!
I fall in love again and again Love you 100 times
Anthony, Daniel, Bella, Lma choir and United vibe my favs on xfactor just catching up on last nights show xxx
Badbadbad make somebody tag king Shatta wale wai The love is deep SM2deworld champion!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Welcome to the fam
I'm so proud of you
My love
esherep
1 month today.
I already miss you.
Wholesome!
SO BEAUTIFUL , my heart skipped at part
Love is a beautiful thing when done right
My fav Jun outfit
Thank You Could not of done it w/out all you MAGA
Yieeee ustomoyon usto korenyon!!!
Had a balllll last night at
Congrats
Love that doesn't hold back. Loving Out Loud
Everyone has gone quiet these days
stuff that really matter
So happy! I have been feeling much better today! ; A ;/
Hopefully soon the cold is fully gone~
Hujan menjadi romantis
Blessed
Beautiful! I wait to get there someday
You made my night doc
"Sinong binabash nyo?"
Thank you
Thank you sa mga
Good morning Have a blessed day filled with positivity
Did you find those people I recommended? Sending you love and hugs
The beat in this song is so amazing. I am so proud of Chanyeol for writing and producing this.
Song by
Rsrs
18 octobre : chantant en acoustique lors de son show pour Radio Disney LA ! (1/2)
Finger heart from Javi to you, Juan! Congrats!!
edit! After last night's episode, I just couldn't resist making this
Love doesn't
"Money, power, respect this is all a nigga know" Fredo Santana il sortait que des facts
Howling with laughter at this.
The 'I Test 1' badge is hilarious.
21 ottobre..... estate
dheke loabivey
Happy birthday Nouf
Watching I Can See Your Voice!
Where is she so I can give her my heart
Someone spoil this beautiful woman!!
Only just saw and so so glad to hear this
(yujeong instagram update )
181021 :
More power, Atty
Yeah but both MY Dannii, so
vc merece mais que isso!! te amo
birthday!! Who is gonna wish her a happy birthday?! (Hint you guys)
Cheguei, SP!
Thank you, loves! Aja sa practice teaching!
Add to Snapchat - BlushSnaps. Incredible big add on this teen
Love to hate
My heart king
Mee
I love u zhang
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ANNE!!! have a wonderful day
Slide for more info...
love is a beautiful thing.
EXO's Diamond, Forever and El Dorado
LLEGO LA NUEVA DE SOMOS TIENDA VIRTUAL SOLO TRABAJAMOS CONTRAENTREGA
17 da Mary
FREE WEBCAMS Register 100% FREE
FOLLOW
Bitch, that's boring though. God gave me ass and titties and a cute stomach so imma show it off
David Fornea from Aroroy
[YEOLSTAGRAM] 181021 (real__pcy) Instagram update:
wait for you to join conchita
also oh my girl, pristin and loona
Blessed Sunday
the mighty one has done great things for me and holy is his name.
Contemplating shadows on a Sunday morning.
my lil brother on his football shit and high schools want him
This kind of body
Service today what a God I serve
Hello Darling.
Thank you very much.
Omgosh you are right Kim, creative and STUNNING!!! Happy belated!
galing magvolleyball
talino
smileee
bait
Sister girl just dropped a banger
Whole team winning !
I don't mind as long as you're the king.
Picture of the day
The Perfect Jodi
I love my parents they're irreplaceable
can it be preordered from Australia?
comeback is real
proud of u!
Ur welcome doll Thank u lovely x
Everythings
Omg. been wanting someone to do this for years!
Happy birthday sa sexy saka teenager namin na adviser. HAHHAHAHAHA. Love you maamshiieeee!!
Follow For More
You know I will! Can't wait to see you!
SEVENTEEN'S YMMD <3..... thanks for this GA
sorry sa tag
Valentine
This year you're mine ifierte!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
In place of the priest, I need him to walk up and say now, Welcome to before I kiss my wife
Are you trending?
Yes - Retweet
No -
So sweet and beautiful
i'm sorry for being dumb, love you
Thanks brothers !
I adore these teachers students and school
Happy Birthday
Winning is a lifestyle.
Walking in the sand. Paseando por la arena. en Granada, Spain
Solid ng love nitong katabi ko Haysss I love you! Grass
Im so excited
See Yoon!
Te amo
I fucking TOLD YOU. so happy for you beautiful
Missing my loves
Yay! Be kind to yourself.
Happy You-Day Jaguar
We miss you too Linda and we love you
Awesome pic Lee, thank you
We have
TE AMO MAMI TE TANTO ,TANTO Q EL ME DUELE.TE AMOOOOOOOOOOOO
Auchh nice to meet you baby ikonic .
Happy Birthday gorgeous!
Brunchin with the -
with
this is a good day to follow me. see you in 27 days
fiesta va a hacer river el martes wacho
no chance; baby bro
I am so very sorry. Thank you all for putting your lives on the line every day.
Thankyou ;_;
so happy for you both god bless these 2 sweet people
I'm going to !
miss Aww Dylan
Thank you to come to Thailand~
inner circle
You are my
Baby you hot
Most handsome Hero
Finally feel like coming together
champ knows the way to our Key Lime+Coconut+ Meringue
iyi ki dostum!
Celeste ayer en cidkohan
I am one of them I stan EXO X iKON
That's great
I would use my very last breath to tell you how lucky I am that my girlfriend aawayin kita hanggang
on all three photos
Header updated
El teaser de CHEN! NUESTRO CHENSAURIO SALIO HERMOSO EN ESTE TEASER ... COMO SIEMPRE TU VOZ AL IGUAL QUE LA
Look what prayers can do. And look what people can do for the people they love
Good morning blessed to see another day
Good afternoon world much love Xxx
Visual Attractiveness:
Friendship level:
Sexual desire:
Romantic intent:
{@MaskedHumanity}
Always love yourself
Excellent, thoughtful tweet
1. Heating up shop bought parties in a microwave
2. Bun and cheese
Aww hope feeling better soon hun
chorem mais
Millie e Felicity na premiere de em Londres, 20 de outubro
ADEK KU SAYANG!
we're too young to have deep problems. wag na masyadong isipin and live your life to the fullest beacuse yolo everyone.
i love because he is kang danielhe is daniel what can you not love about him everything
Yeeeey! It was nice meeting you tooo! Kalokohan is layp
Wow!! These are brill, what a lovey idea!!!
Dirty actions with perfect person
It will be difficult for someone to take from me, and if I do, I will cease to exist!
i ain't u mahhh lil angel
He gets better every time! Had a ball at last night
Keep tagging us on your lovely photos!
related Tattoos Tweet! Post them here and then RT and Tag Shawn.
AHHHH HE SO CUTE. OUR BABY
happy birthday baby
Thank you wareesha
Btw ap nhi krti khud bat :(((
Priceless kicks am receiving this weekend
Che forte Marten De Roon
Work at Home General Transcription with Allegis
O faz agt sentir isso sempre
I fucking love this friendship!!!!
I love you both for what you both have over come while doing the Jake Paul
His Smile Brightens our world!
That's such a wonderful entry-point to Accessibility on the web.
2nd. Day Solemn Novena to St. Jude
United in prayer..
St. Jude, pray for us
October 20
eu
Arraial
c a Love
My bad you have a beautiful Sunday. Wishing you well
Happy Anniversary!
I love you more!
Sun 28 October 2-5pm . 8 spaces left... book now to avoid disappointment
Fucking dog.. but I still love you
My love, my everything...
AHA YES IT'S U BEST FRIENDSHIP EVER
Thank you
Haha heart says to love where you are now I hope you will be
U said it all bro! Let them hate as much as they can but we will our king
Ji-manager is so pretty I love you Stay happy always ~
THEY ALL ARE SO CUTE!
Church > Bbq date
Sunday well spent with Papa
YEHEY IM EXCITED
I fucking miss you
OP4
the video showed all her awards and the gift from a fans
lionelp9
Eu nunca posto foto aqui
Thanks cuzzo!
getting my bond back with peaches & keem i love them !
Jgh
Yay!!!! My awesome grandson
Heartwarming
I'm here if u need to talk
Who would you rather have in your team?
- Sigurdsson
RT - Zaha
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MEGGY I miss our pregame Hamlet naps wait to watch you kill it at EC!! Love you
Bom dia
Word we do we are human being
People with mental health
Need loving
This is so cuteee
Congratulations both of you
I feel so bad for you I hope you can pull through this
Not only Ktown fans here Telugu fans also very much eager to watch Thalaivar on Silver Screen
Open for reservation mga sis
Open for retail and wholesale
RETAIL & WHOLESALE
OPEN FOR RESELLERS
%
congratulations super hero! Thanks alot to save our country!
We believe in the spirit of love
Michael Jackson
Thank you Elliot I love you
someone who is very close to my heart. Extremely caring and loving. You deserve all the happiness in this world. GEM
Thank you
18 octobre : chantant en acoustique lors de son show pour Radio Disney LA ! (1/2)
Goodnight everyone!
i give: a lot of fucks!! this is so beautiful and your nephew is a stud! congrats to your sister
Thank you ,one of my favorite authors, for another life lessons & words of spiritual wisdoms
This weekend was the best weekend for us
Buen
HADDAD PRESIDENTE
Go Ashley So Proud if you bud
Good luck both of ya
Happy ADN FAM s!!!...#ADNHomecoming2018
Love polls
GARNiDELiA is
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MEGAN COOPER!!! you are the sweetest human and deserve the best day. I hope you feel better
when bae visits from brighton Shoreditch
Let me borrow them real quick . I promise give them back.
Sulit last day sa Bacolod huhu thankyou Lord. I deserve this trip
Oh the slay
Her husband could be on your time line
Dedicated my lantern lighting to finding yourself, loving yourself, and speaking yourself
[HELP RT][SG GO]
I'm in love
Photo blanket by
Dateline: 23/10
Please dm me for any enquiries
Fingers crossed
Thanks for that statement, you made my day . Will try hard to prove your statement true.
Love is not an emotion, Its your very existence
~#Rumi~
&
Love this
Toujours chef
Have a blessed Sunday
Happy Sunday everyone! Make a point to spread your love to others today.
The biggest beef is ya heart vs. ya mind win that & everything else becomes irrelevant
Happy birthday Elly Jayne !! Great party thanks for having us!! loved seeing my
Cousins!!
What a precious boy. Hope he has a police vest and helmet.
Just shawn all of Shawn Mendes
iKON
Bobby
Really looking forward to getting my renewal benefits!!
Great pic Loren & Jodi!
Reat easy Kind
Wondering if you have influence? look around you. for Sake and not your
Monsta x are you there album hyungwon
11:11 re-encore
Yes please! Would love to hear these songs!
Oh my GOD. She's so adorable ;__; THAT HAIR
Drinking beer out of a champagne flute and pretending it's
A short visit to Galway Galway, Ireland
Baby
Bsb
Credits to
you are so loved by so many.
So many blessings since this day and more to come
thank you! miss you
Visiting ibed espina tomorrow
But staying single has its perks.
FREEDOM!
Movie time also know what my hair is doing there
Started doing affirmations for my sister for when she wakes up.
very noble of you
Words you never knew existed.
Sometimes I facetime my mom just to look at her. my girl!
happy birthday carrie always in our hearts miss you always
My 2 girls ett_ski_04 and Foxy
Awwww thank you!!!
My 2 girls ett_ski_04 and Foxy
Vermissen kann schon manchmal krass weh tun..
Miss you
good luck girl You can do this!!! nct and svt be cheering for you
?? Courage frrot!
TA7A
Visual Attractiveness:
Friendship level:
Sexual desire:
Romantic intent:
{@fictes}
..
i really hope my babies get well soon !!
Helloooo
Comment vous allez ? ^^
Yeni Trabzonlu geldi seni seviyoruz Zara.
Welcome to the world my baby Zara Agbenu Onazi.
May Allah ease every steps of our journey
Brilliant news!
LLEGO LA NUEVA DE SOMOS TIENDA VIRTUAL SOLO TRABAJAMOS CONTRAENTREGA
Thank you lovely ..She will be partially or completely blind as her other eye is compromised
hello po!!! always take care po and be happy!! enjoy life, God bless
it would mean a lot to me if you go and support my sister, a great dancer
: Our story and Happy 4th
Part 1
Ayieee thank you chelle! Pakamusta ako kay cialluh HAHAHAHAHA
Congratulations!
Sunflower
2018 is sooooo much better than 2017
My pleasure
Listen to by real__pcy on
It's really good and catchy
happy birthday I hope you have the most amazing day and never change for anyone
Hehe sure bebe ko na crush ko hihi btw thankyou
I'm N Luv (Wit A Stripper) - T-Pain
Mi primer coloreado
whoa
You are so precious, beautiful, sweet uhm yeah I can continue for a while.. but please remember that! Ily, X
Thank you for showing us what true love , strength and commitment are. Happy 39th Wedding Anniversary
Today is my Bday See u in 33 Days In Indianapolis luv ya Jeff
Watching Twilight
When it rains, it pours
Feliz mi Princesa
Que bonita experiencia
you had me at
Michael Kors Sling bag
With dust bag only
See photos for details and size reference
Payment upon delivery
Goodnight
unf spree, like or reply to keep mutal/to start mutal
backflips to song!
have a safe flight and enjoy your trip
i will miss you bbg
RIP UNC
Congrats boys
fave food? it will always be pork adobo with egg
Rodolfo
ako ba to bcs dA STRUGGLE IS REAL HUHUHU LAV U BEBI WE GOT THIS
I don't know why I really like to hear Jung Eunji's voice and all the songs she released are very good especially her spring albums
I Ur Reply
Pit bull awareness month
This makes my heart happy.
Oh God, the glory is yours. The kingdom has come, and the battle is over.
Yes. And thank you.
Aww thank youu pretty
How are you? Are you going to debut soon?
Best kdrama ost in 2016
from kdramaworldfans -
Request by: archana_1110
Good night
huhuhuhuhu im inluv!!!
Las manos LAS MANOS
Me muero
D-249
Yes I would love too. Enjoy Ladies
honestly needed to hear this, thx
Art is love
so glad that safe
Those Freckles
Bonnie says Happy Says Happy Sunday
(@ The Saudi Art Center in Jeddah, KSA)
RT Adonis_Hoseok: 181020 LYS in Paris
BTS_twt
LLEGO LA NUEVA DE SOMOS TIENDA VIRTUAL SOLO TRABAJAMOS CONTRAENTREGA
Reindeer & Polar Bear Friend
Get in the Christmas Spirit today!
Lee Min Ho
LOTTE Duty Free Family Concert
October 21.2016
A Two Year ago
Wise words Lauren! Trying to put that into practice myself
Yes, sisters. They really are.
Good morning beautiful hope you slept well too have a great Sunday!!
Thank you!
Let's die together and be reborn in another world where we should be in.
I love you so much and always here for you if you ever need anything know only a short 40
HELLLOOOO thanks for following me baby
thanks ate! suree
Love Toronto, Ontario
Emma's a smart girl. She has made us very proud!!!
Last night was something special.
Major shout to everyone supporting
Tonmai is just so cute and handsome and such the best brother ever have
THE GIRLS ARE POPPIN YAS
Love u to the moon & back
Thank you for completing my day December Avenue. Mahal na mahal din namin kayo
Have a safe flight back home!
Badiou
Good morning roadies
know peppermint oil helped with headaches. Thanks love
The message I just got warms my heart!
thank you
Jeonghan and Shua's friendship is the sweetest.
They know each other really well like real brothers do
Yep. Like, of course.
I added a video to a playlist Abraham Hicks How to Influence People Without Controling Them
never forget that you might lose everything one day , so be humble and never think you are better than people because of what you own ..
My research assistant passed the bar and I am so very proud of her.
F-A-L-T-A-D-E-A-R
Morning Vibes from my backyard
bby
-
wcale o tym nie xD ily
Learn Colors Balance Bike Family
Those FACTS , he make sure im good & took care of . GKT , he good & well took care off PERIODDDD
Many many congrats to both of you!!
Be brave The East Light you have our support
Omo my crush, Janno Gibs
Rain outside, all of us fluey and a watching my all time favourite movie
Sa totoo lang worthy kang tao. Just a reminder for you, dont let your kabaitan be abused by others. Mwah
Thank you for being so awesome! Cannot wait for
Did we mention
LLEGO LA NUEVA DE SOMOS TIENDA VIRTUAL SOLO TRABAJAMOS CONTRAENTREGA
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY 2 YEAR OLD
There is some deep thinking going on there!
Dati crush lang kita.....
Thankyou for entering in my life unexpectedly
Love you angel
Saturday in the Sierra with mi familia. Glad to spend some time with my sister and niece. The Meadows At Mt.
fighting eonnieeeee!!! you really really can do it~
Celebrating a beautiful wedding this weekend, with my main man. fastwalkin Santa Barbara, California
Glad to hear it
Happy birthday to this Disney queen! I love you babe Walt Disney's Magic Kingdom
i miss him and i bet the members miss their gutaeng hyung as well
Congratulations!!!!
F
Elisa_badge
6,000
Healing is possible. Read our Trauma and Healing Tips for Survivors: |
Thank you
award for the best uncle
Happy 4th Stefan! Wow, you really got your wish. Great Mom and Dad you have
Love it.!!
capturing his heart
Free psych consultations in NCR
ARMMC (Marikina)
CEFAM (QC)
UST Psychotrauma Clinic MNL)
PGH
like i get the fact its just my birthday but its also like.... its not hard to just say happy
miss you both!!!!!!!
energy! Hahahaha! cuteeeeee!
It is a good night indeed.
I New York! Sunday morning tap back and get your pumpkin for a $1.
Hey in Cork, please come here I love you
i love both of u!! You spread positivity to people and make people happy Masya allah
Please cooperate tomorrow people
kpark
My former band nerd heart loves this!
Table finally set up after a slight hiccup. Waaaaaaaay in the back of the gymnasium, which is at least a full
Relationship goals.
Tory Lanez - LA Confidential
I WILL SAVE YOU !!!!
Have a
MANY PETS
my best friend
REALLY BLESSED TO HAVE THE BEST PPL IN MY LIFE THANK YOU SO MUCH GOD!!! U DA BEST
Angel Locsin and Mond this november soon
Stay tuned for more updates
My obsession
Just wait for the right time and right person.
Right there with you. Love them
Yaa no negative Bhai Just told air shots are more risky agree but style of playing is similar that's what I mean
I love his jumpers
Pic of the day glorious !
Definitely need more of you being dirty, not less!
Thanks cheety
chase your dreams
Get Ready
On The way !!
This Time Anna Back With Full Form With Old From
[STATION X 0] John Legend X (WENDY) 'Written In The Stars' MV via
Learning To Love Myself Again
Fairy Tail
Wolf Is Just Love
aaahhhhhh thank you angel!!!!!!
Feliz cumple mi Chris Ya te
scary but still a cutie
take my heart olredi
Love you too!!! So glad you like it!! Thanks for everything again
"In My Time" - Teddy Pendergrass thanks for playing this one, "Paultjie"
Studs
I love my two goofs
from Virginia! Cardiac ready
thank you
follow her!
She is your Real Friend
LLEGO LA NUEVA DE SOMOS TIENDA VIRTUAL SOLO TRABAJAMOS CONTRAENTREGA
Thank you.
missing this girl
It was awesome to stand next to you during your moment. What a special memory
DOST??? AAAAAH, don't worry too much!!! You'll get it
You have my whole ass heart, Demetria Devonne.
So much love for ya buddy
This Cute Baby Has Completed Her Tour Of All 50 States After An Epic, Adorable Journey via
Ever since
I dont know about what you meant, but I adore u
Lanchinho de ontem
twinning
Happy Birthdaaayyy, Best bud!!! love always thankyou 4 everythinggg hehe mwa enjoy ur day kid xx
Ah~~ I just realized I forgot to tag people in my pic today thank you for yours too! See you again soon!
happy birthday hibss
so
Awnn
Eyebrows tho
Fudge brownie & chocolate chunk SO yummmmy! Thank you Cold straight from the fridge bag or baked in the oven SO delicious!
Messages like this are the sweetest!
You rock, Sirv!
I feel so tired yet feel so loved
Thank you for today
Rain outside, all of us fluey and a watching my all time favourite movie
Proud of you bb
Bagan I will never have enough of you!
seen my mother in over 6 months
We are all spiritually connected that's love
Today marks the day my career and happiness shift forward to a stable moment where I know everything will be okay
Valentine
This year you're mine tearsNbentleys!
And you, whom will be yours?
I'm savoring every word of your Book Two in Lorien Legacies: The Power of Six
U rock Pittacus Lore! But I
You both are cute btw ma sha Allah
Love my little girl more then anything
My crush, Janno Gibbs
Happy birthday to a brother who is matchless!
17K love.
Thank you so much
RT if you love
Education Money Is Available Right Now! How Much?
I'm glad she is OK
Please I want a Chanyeol solo album I love him so much
Unsubbed from Spotify premium to save money. Replacement? Spooky horror stories on Youtube.
I'm living for tweets rn!! We love and stan
Fantastic scooter Lori -
We it
12/22
That bond between and Anna fans will never break..
Our very own Anbaana director
Number one!! Always!
I am spending time with their families
I am nothing without God ! I feel so humbled to be chosen and for the favor on my life
Would you be mine?
He was the best last night keep going up Shaqiri
Our Carrie.
Igualmente Bro
hope you like the video I Made to celebrate
New car with an added touch of home to travel with me wherever I go
.
.
.
So it's a Leroy Sanchez night and I can't say no
and that man is me
Miss you guys more than know
Quality time. at Bato Springs San Pablo, Laguna
For me too guys
Let's begin ..
Lovely morning watching the brow queen Elaine Campin show us how done thanks Kevin Langley for being a lovely host
so crazy about mine
2019 greetings
Photobook
Calender : 300
Sticker set :
Barbz are out here winning!
Baby fever to the max
Ur welcome
Let us know what like to see at our November Ju-Ju-Be Trunk Show. your input!
Lunch with these Monstars
Following you!
Good morning! Have an amazing day, fellow beautiful and Patriots
Mashallah start modeling pls <3
Thank you!
genuine happiness literally makes you feel lighthearted everyday
I love you sm Maddie so glad we are becoming friends and so glad I get to be apart of
is the essence of your duty. Loving her, taking care of her and protecting her is your number one
BOA SORTE LINDA
selin bby I love you!!!
Thank you so much SM City Bacolod!
I will love you unconditionally.
Kalbin kahvemde
Bon
Solid ng love nitong katabi ko Hayss.. I love you!
Grass
Ab software engineering krun ga sath sath photography sath sath graphic designing
A best friend is like a four leaf clover, hard to find, lucky to have
Hey Mackenzie, haven't heard from U in awhile hope ur ok here's a picture of M.I.A. i know how much u like her
happy birthday, luv! you know how much i love you and i am really angry na kasi di kita mahagilap. hmp.
DONA DE TODO MEU AMOR!
Amor meu
Good Sunday morning... let me stop and thank you baby
How sweet it is to be loved by you I love you all
Love that show ! Annalise is just fantastic
Birthday outfit
34 years young
sweet
sexyyy
I MISS YOUUUUUU
Haha! How I wish he could!
Thank you!
Is The Only Actor Avoiding Smoking & Drinking In His Real Life
(2/n)
I love when the 5sosfam and the mixers joined, we make a powerful team
Spotlight Neol hada
Today
Love by chance fan project in Myanmar
Perfect, lovely dear
The views and your voice, amazing
happy birthday, Carrie
: friendlyy/cheerful
: 7/10
: hiii ate paattt!! hope u're doing well hehe prettyyy & mga
yieee it's okayyy welcome dzaee imissyou na :(( mwa!
How to say love in 5 different languages:
-Love
-Cinta
-Pag-ibig
-Zhangjun
Thank you so much
I'm so excited
so handsome I love you rather tell you everything in person
I'm so happy that he's sharing music with us again! I missed it so much
Ever beautiful at Fashion award.
follow your way.... I know that you know!
Thank you for this
And you will
What a smile !!!! We love you Dries
Off to bukid
What time are the girls performing?
Good bye Maestro, great gig!
The Truth
via
in
Saturday morning
Coffee before gym time
Very natural indeed! He is just loved
Happy 18th in advance ate patty! Imissyouuu
Superstar's Comment : And I, You
Lovely Couple
Congratulations
Jin Me. World wide handsome
He looks handsome with his hair combed back..
Coming out in style~ (3)
Ne messing!
That's my girl
thank you for putting me in touch with one of your fosterers, I've got my set on little
Tmj
So excited for this! Amazing to see someone I find so inspirational showing us the way
EU AMO UMA AMIZADE
Thank you "E ER"
I feel her pains... but dude gat no soft heart
Spence
He is so confident now. I love it
Good Morning Minneapolis! Beautiful crisp Fall day of 28 degrees
I am framing this tweet
Shed loads of new stock online now, go check them out
fightfrstpm
Bigs hugs to your mum that vile thing should of been thrown off and arrested! clear as day
Top trending, mga Kapuso!
Now this is goals.
is this me or this is meee Im cryinggggg thank youuuu
my heart beats so fast rn, thank u
Um mozao desses
2018
One year later Community Helps Burn Victims Return to Normal Lives -
Very nice
Bom dia ae
I loved this one
Igualmente bro
I uploaded a brand new YouTube video yesterday! if like to watch, press the link
Danny Dyer on Cameron
Thank you A-teen for cooling my head
NHAAAAAA meu anjinho lindo, what about future momma Duran? Isso sim muito feliz e inspirador
OMG!! My heart Yesss!! Congratulations to my
ROMANTIC KISS Japanese romantic kiss scene collection - part 10: via
When the best teachers make subject matter come alive in and outside the class.
Me too, thank you for accepting me
bigyan ka namin kahit walang bayad :< luv u bal!! cheer up errthing will be fine
My heartfelt sorrow May he rest peacefully. My thoughts and prayers are with you all
Amen sister
via Facebook
Thank you so much it was a magical time back then indeed
yay!!! I was waiting for yours!!
We are SO fortunate! Thank you for connecting with them
Live & learn
Aww
So far I have Internet... I don't know whether the connection problems will continue or it's already fixed
Yoh guys Katai made me risotto because I eat anything else like this girl is the one
Thank you for hard working, Taeyeon
Understood . Thank you
everybody wanna steal my
everybody wanna take her away
Joyeux anniversaire Sara !! et merci pour tt Kappa
Brunch du dimanche XXL
Limited Quantities Available.
ORDER HERE:
Makes a perfect gift. Buy 2 or more
Follow!!
The
In the game!!
yumtheeboss1_
NEW PAGE!!!
---
this one is so good
wait so proud
By valentinallegrireal en
HAPPIEST BIRTHDAY MY LOVE Words are so less to describe what an amazing person you are ! FCAT is
your randomness means a lot fdaitchhhh
No
So happy for u DP May this be the best most joyful phase of ur life Love u always
Spontaneous
Thank You IARFA Pastorale!!! Lets go ArkiTams!
I the whole body. But I a nice ass.
Happy Birthday Carrie
Shoutout to for patiently helping with some custom JS for good customer support.
Not only Ktown fans here Telugu fans also very much eager to watch Thalaivar on Silver Screen
I hope everything is ok .. I miss your videos!
Me and my family
181021 // liuyaowen weibo updates
cool !
Love red colour
Can spare time to rt this? get Jeonghan to the official list of nominees
The good old's days
She has a piece of My Heart Love You Aunt Stell
Valentine
This year you're mine idntgvafckboy!
And you, whom will be yours?
Dnd
I WAS CRYING WHEN I WOKE UP I love you
you deserve to be loved
You know those moments in your life when all seems right ? This is one of them Kaaterskill Falls
Finally It's Happening
We So Happy For You Both
Heartiest Congratulations For Your Special Day..
Things fall apart - Chinua achebe
Life is Great
Follow!!
The
In the game!!
yumtheeboss1_
NEW PAGE!!!
Sunday well spent
So thankful for my pumpkin I love you, thank you for being you & always being right by my side
The Red
Means A lot shelll!! very happy same to you
My heart is super happy.
Iba talaga yung live performance! Okay lang mapaos. Hahahaha worth it
Oe zhy paphu
My girls down by the river
Valentine
This year you're mine timelady_cat!
And you, whom will be yours?
Thank you Lord! God is so good! He always provides in the most perfect time; His time
Oh,
I love this girl I cried cause I wanted to see that movie
Here comes the first T Shirt from !! An Birthday Special
Awwh that made me smile
Happy Birthday Ms. Cati!
my greatest love? yes, for keeps siya
Baby sister
Just ordered more of lip gloss before it sells out again!! Literally in love with this one!
Movie date
good night from me & my anxiety
The line I always connect with beloved -
My fave show! Miss it terribly
good morning
Coz they change things.....
They push the human race forward....
Minister of Pakistan
Khan
we going Budapest in 45 days
Love this and am so thankful for the light givers in my life.
Finally Ram & Leela are getting their Happy Ending Congratulations
I love I think a package! Good luckkkk Hetty
I love y'all
TEENFIDELITY Daisy Haze High Sex Leads to Creampie
illhoon is so fcking gorgeous
Great news congratulations
birthday dinner
Representing and !
Congratulations on your big day
For me it's the most important theatre since and were there
21.10.18 "MY DAY" Congratulations to you For First Fans Meeting MYIt's Our day Love you my beautiful
get yourself a relationship wherein you can be gago to each other and still be in love at the same time
i love your profile pic and header and you seem like a funny and lovely person
I miss Women of faith, I just heard my heart your home.
happiest birthday doktora! you are one step closer to your dream and i am so happy for you I pray that the
Follow!!
The
In the game!!
yumtheeboss1_
NEW PAGE!!!
my love
1.7 Years
Happy belated bday Ella!! Hope you had an awesome time last night, you deserve it! Enjoy this throwback
Follow!!
The
In the game!!
yumtheeboss1_
NEW PAGE!!!
a really cool fact sof thanks for sharing
My wife
Heart breaking scene for our on sets.
Tnx sweetheart
Oh the joy of Sunday relaxation! Go with the flow........
watch full video
ily more!!!
jazz honey folk music from Queens in 2018 thanks for a lovely night !!
I want rice Kripsy treats right now. a must have in my apartment
Next goal : 400k views
380k rn get there ASAP
Watch & Share
hhhh yes send me dem poems
of course staying are yous mad why I be
Bom dia
Hahaha! I love it!
Thank you
10 choses a faire pendant les vacances
Good morning Kat! How are you? Hope you had a good sleep! Have a wonderful day!
And forehead kisses too
goodnight, i love kim doyoung a lot!
Follow!!
The
In the game!!
yumtheeboss1_
NEW PAGE!!!
me & Ty do this. the best.
Yesssss! Just this picture is bahut saara pyaar to me
with anyone you want love, as long as you are happy
header
Yessss You can!!!!
Love this article so much, got a little bit teary-eyed!
Fish and Chips
aww
please follow this acc it would mean a lot to me
My God!!!
twinning with a parrot
sour belts is
I appreciate that so much Jamie!!
You'll be forever in my heart, baby. You deserve all the love and happiness
SDF256t
another Kernow cracker
Shoutout to
'All Out 00s' playlist
YAAAAAAS
Obrigada twitter
gotta love her
Goodmorning
Happiest birthday to my forever queen, The world misses and needs you.
Go off my babiessss
Sublime
With Gronk out, Njuko or Engram? Thanks!
It's okaay hyunnie
i personally think it's interesting seeing my name being an annoying
More pictures from just arrived
Every have a story to tell...
How many of you are online ???
bloods ??
RT max
InShaaAllah. If you have plans already than it is good. May Allah ease your affairs.
Thanks Mary! An essential read by Cantona: on immigration, family, football and class. The man is incomparable
Wish I could have been there! wait to hear all about it!
drop the of the lucky guy
It was an amazing weekend for us too. Have a safe journey home
Lmaoooooo beautiful night with beautiful people
Thanks bb
my baby don't fall sick
Just watched The spirit of christmas
i guess that no one ever really made me feel that much higher
Happy Birthday
Se aswe birthday party an wololoyyyyyyy m pral bwase vre
Follow!!
The
In the game!!
yumtheeboss1_
NEW PAGE!!!
ROMANTIC KISS Japanese romantic kiss scene collection - part 10 via
Starting my day with 2 classes at at Club Pilates
I added a video to a playlist Abraham Hicks Remember how to Call your Source for HelpNo
and RT
Of course!! Send me whatever you want (if you don't mind waiting a little bit)!
everything is fine
Some people are really that lucky.
See the world through the eyes of a historian
thee most magical experience in my life ever
Happy Birthday, Christian! I hope you have a wonderful day you deserve and more
ano meron sa october 28 BaYCon or Batangas Youth Conference!!
EU AMO
4 days left to see
Congratulations
Thank you for yesterday and today bb! And thank you also to my sister, for making this possible.
Soon for sure!
Thank you
no but really
thank you to everyone who made my 18th bday the best one yet
my heart! ranveer is part of her family!
Kaguya Kizuna [Virtual Youtubers] Find more and related at Anime Lovers WorldWide
This..
Follow!!
The
In the game!!
yumtheeboss1_
NEW PAGE!!!
Is that even a question of course staying up im so excited
looking for mutuals, i'll follow back lovelies
sin
Have a beautiful Sunday, baby ;)
What a stunning hen! Lucy, you are beautiful!
having good weekend wth them
do meu nenis
We really are...
EXOKON
EXOLs iKONIC
support local porn stars / legit exhibitionists
Sending love to I miss him
She remind me to a song that I forget about the rhythm and melody
[181021] Precious boy
cr:
Yes add me please
Conan group ^^
sexy black
This is actually my first time to do this kind of edit and its actually pretty fun!!
Follow!!
The
In the game!!
yumtheeboss1_
NEW PAGE!!!
Happy birthday Hope you have a good day You deserve the world and stay strong, always
thank you louis tomlinson and liam payne for writing our queen home, still a masterpiece till this day
Grateful God has carried you this far! So glad that you and my nephew are healthy and well!
God bless
I was right that car belonged to Shabir
I am so ecstatic waaaaaah! By God's grace I will be working (research) back home, Mindanao, as I promised.
EURO-GOL DI IAGO FALQUE!
BAHXKAHWLAWJLZJWALWKZLLZZLLSAJJDAKZ an angel
Love waking up on Sunday mornings to a warm cuddles from my man, my pups by my side, and pecan coffee in my cup. Life is so good!
Too much BH love not making us read carefully! Looking forward to meeting you today! So glad we miss it.
I used to feel like this but the whole best friend concept is horrible. You can love your friends equally love you
always remember that i always got ur back ango sweet mo naman thankyou luv u
In love
Ohhh my heart
Farz ya Mohabbat ?
Sirf Mohabbat
It was Epic
La familia
| IGS
Ptdr a nos fou rires
going to 2 more International Film Festivals this year.
Keep your blessings up
Goodmorning world . Happy Sunday please go watch and subscribe to my channel. Link in my Bio.
see you!!
Tysm
So proud baby girl
I love chemistry teacher
Wby?
Yar yh mam faseeha hain first year walin
RETWEET & FOLLOW if you'd cum on my tits
Big Charles
Spotted in Chelsea today ... A beautiful , gleaming , vintage Citroen Love it !
Sweet sweet ni doc we need more people like him huhu
I have so many dreams to achieve
And if in love ok too friends can love each other too
Nothing like a new pair of uggs
All my life.. I prayed for someone like you
this is so cute
Infant circumcision is not ethical
~Missy
Great running Garry
Green Tea Soba anyone? Citrusy, clean, fusion that your palate will love
Mwah Food Lab take.
I don't think there's even a change that you won't do it
You are so lovely, for sure u will find someone
yo tmb te amo baby
I love you so much, you brave, beautiful soul. If you wanna talk, my are open.
Well done jay boy
Every thing happens for a reason
yieee
I love him
Ma Momma is a SuperStar
Thanks Queen
Thank You very much
I got one!!! I got my mom!!
Life is as beautiful as you make it.
So go out and outshine those demons with every fibre of your being.
Happy birthday, miss oreo white af gamay pero yayay la lge ako makita na pic natin! miss u tho & love u grobiiii
Love colorful and fun clothing!
My Mom and I, we're a Team
STYLISH BY MOM
November come on with my 4 babies
Back to doing what I do best, trying on beautiful clothes Thank you Zoe and co wearthewalk for enabling me to
Lucky to have They're just simply amazing.
Walk in the woods with and Connal
OKAY EVERYONE!
my segment has ended.
how about playing game now?
please make some noiseeeee !!
Done, and fuck yeah
My Love
That's not true. Ice bear thinks you're worth everything. Believe ice bear babe.
Sufferzone...
Oh okay im abit relieved HAHHAH lmao can i get some of their energy Anyways thanks for the info
trying to keep it so positive right now nd not freak all the way out.
Never tired of this place Cuartel Heritage Park
Brave heart
Ya working at fast food fun but sometimes the older people know how to make my day so blessed
Hahahahaha Grace that lol.
Matcha matcha
Lo bonito que me han dicho nunca
Meus amores
Straight at contest yesterday for the HJ band moving on to area comp in Longview AHHHH!
pround I am of you, baby
I wish someday I could meet you. Ich liebe dich
Wish that mate ty
love is in the air sa compassion at love
ve aile
thank you maia
SALUD POR LA FAMILIA, LOS COMPAS Y LA VIDA, SALUD POR LOS QUE ESTAN ABAJO Y TAMBIEN ARRIBA!
Boa prova todos!
Congratulations
bom dia mozinho
Side by side.
papixure_ne | IG
Great to see Glad I brought 911 shoes...
.
.
.
What a legend Meg what a voice.
Feliz de la madre !!!
Lithops
Prontinho
That is so nice of you to say! really glad you told me. Makes my day!
It can only go up from here
The Gaffer doing this to wee Lenny after the Derby He'll have a fuckin meltdown
Take care bub I'll miss you so much
Cry, heart...but never break.
thank uuuu carmsss, Happy 18th birthday again
We're for you dont lose hope everythings gonna be alright
Anyway, id like to say thank you to my mommy for the day thank you for keeping my stuff, bringing
Omg hell yeah available too
gf since 2013
feed
sweet
at all times
idol when it comes to slaying outfits hehe
Happiest birthday mai!! just continue to be your amazing self Godbless
I made this drawing for & ,
I hope you like it !!
Bravely be you
The Huggar Grill...
Valentine
This year you're mine Chan_with_a_cat!
And you, whom will be yours?
congrats and enjoy ulit ate!! wait to see you hehe (if ever magkikita tayo hekhek)
thank you hancilleeee!!! miss u sis
Us! Love you
Jackys the Best
hi ate i like you kase nice kaykag voice niya pretty kayka then cute pud
Happy Birthday!
Seeing this
Wish I was there
die for the Kirishimas. So much love for this (my) family
I wanna be in their gang!
New pics up.
Earlier
Yes from Lots of eateries here so this would go down very well, I'm sure!
Thank you for making the break a beautiful one. I miss you
Last nights show
Your perseverance and your sure belief in your ability has led you to success.
Help someone today you see struggling
i hope you meet your prince charming and get to marry him someday darling
My hearts happy
No you do not!! You look beautiful
remember why you started
Happy birthday pretty gal, i miss you SO MUCH and sad i be there to celebrate w you, but I LOVE YOU
thank you for sharing your talent with us, chanyeol-ah~
Ave Maria
How many of you are online ???
bloods ??
RT max
Love my gals
Baby, I love you!
Valentine
This year you're mine MonkeyTheSiu!
And you, whom will be yours?
Bago ako matulog... Happiest birthday to my beloved lola
We can do this
Guys, this new album is really it. Wow
Quelle histoire
...
Thank you I try not to bother people, they have enough issues of their own xx
Fidelis etinere all through my feeds huhu maka suya
Jin Mr. World wide handsome
He looks handsome with his hair combed back
Osige. Will let you know.
Jin Mr. World wide handsome
He looks handsome with his hair combed back
I have omega ruby I can send you legends from, groundon. Also, I want to give you a gift shiny.
Valentine
This year you're mine mariechanx6!
And you, whom will be yours?
please reply some hanbin pics for our thesis hehe
Yessss. He's got the swag!
Thanks for playing!!
I added a video to a playlist Bi Hubba Bubba ABC
realquick
Thank you I'm back at my parabatai's because apparently I can only have heat for one night at this school
INPLAY BET
IF FOLLOWING
STAKE 5%
If our compass we get lost or driven by power, money or being right!
baby.
Literally can not wait for this game
Dinner at the in laws tonight then back home to snuggle on the couch watching movies with my love
Good morning to me. I love waking up and the first thing I see is a new picture of him.
Thank you GOD for this day && all your blessings , I love you
Love has no AGE.
Love has no DISABILITY.
Love has no GENDER.
Love is LOVE.
396hz-RighteousRoots, by on 24/7 commercial free DJ Mixes
Some donation points we have at nurseries across Central Bedfordshire
I'd actually forego an expensive wedding for this as a honeymoon
24
RT Nicole
This is a great way to start Sunday Funday
princess cantik ThaliaPutriOnsu
RT Feliz de la madre !!!
Choose a girl who can do both
Comment left or right
Comment traditional or western
.
.
.
When clients become family!! I love Team Mackey!!
So proud of you
A happy day indeed, truly blessed to have you all in my life i love youuuuu!!!
Better than none I love you too
Go follow for a psn gift card from
true her and Yadi are actually taking this move really well
That sucks, but hey! My Dodgers won against Milwaukee! World Series bound! Woohoo
The homies
Blessed for another day
forget the fan edit vlog is tomorrow you said u would do it every month
And you don't have to change a thing the world could change its heart.
parabensssss, tudo de bom sempre
Lay: This is for my fans!
(c)
i love you stay strong my angel
Support
We honestly use Twitter as much. So can catch most of our videos on facebook and instagram
I will never break this promise te amo
Family means everything to me and if they get mad at u it jus shows they care......otherwise they wouldn't say
Have an amazing concert experience! Vocal Ensemble invites you to their booth! See you there!
Awwww
finally home!
Thank you family!
I love you all...
Salamat uli and ADN
so happy for you you deserve all the best always
Always nice to be followed by one so beautiful
Gggg! Hit the
Lovely
Waiting for you come soon with
I Know Righttt
May Allah lighten the heart and ease pain
Sunday mornings
It's my honor, Sir
Harshiii acche din look at the tl
had a fab time xx
Life is so beautiful...
The joy of being a mother is the best feeling in the world!
CHOOSE LIFE
wait to sleep
Tamil actor anagane mana Telugu states lo max. gurthoche vyakthi mana anna
are such a beautiful couple! Most DEFINITELY my fave couple for sure! ur
DONA DE TODO MEU AMOR!
I can only give a little to most people. But the little I give is amazing
Omg thank you fornice words
Welcome
Paris kasi ang romantic ng vibe don and sana with someone to spend the lifetime. HAHAHHAA
Happy Friends Day Dolphin Sista.
Good See you
Today I took a nice walk through the Westpark in Munich with my grandparents
Brilliant
Heavy K ft. Ntombi- Ndibambe
my fav song is Moonlight
Thank you, Ley!! Miss you, see you soon!!!
Done team. Indeed to win this extraordinary culinary delight with my
Saranghae Jin-ssi!
I pray for your success as well . I know you'll go far because of the kind of heart you have .
Congrats po sa OrgComm!
Next year
And he just bought me two peaces of cake
Global goal?
You only have one job today bra
You're so sweet
Good night everyone
BET 7
if following!
boa sorte hoje
Happy birthday
ITI MALIA que mais fofo
i know you're cute even if i've never seen your face :p Hahaha awww so cute
Flowers is the best way to a heart. - Mom
RT feliz
Good morning my sweetie
Buy any bottle of Hennessy and get a premium Hennessy branded gift. Remember to click
Photo Download high quality pic here Follow, Like and Retweet!
Bundle for life!
Sunday.
Thank you for speaking up for animals
I will miss RS so much. My heart hurts. Thank you for everything
Bravery on both parts. Kindness can be extended to all those in need.
New Promotional Picture of Dakota in shared by alessiobolzoni on Instagram
i'm in love
You must first learn to self before you can others.
You're welcome, Lia. It's always fun being part of the Wolf Pack!
With jesus christ i am happy today
Dinner with pawpaw tonight... he made 12 burgers for all 6 grandkids and I'm the only one who showed. love him
Thank you.
Done bro, I love that skin
Nothing and no one could ever quiet my restless heart the way that You do, Lord.
Completing my collection
amisshu biee nice talking with you tonight
A Super Stylish
good morning. I miss you. Hope you're well. Cant imagine life without you
You only care for me to defend in war but I love freedoms and free lifestyle society of Americans
For you anything Aiden, because you deserve it sweetheart
has wonderful boobs...
Gros sur toi bae
JAJAJAJA te mamaste we
kia choice ha larki ki
ihh thank you sir!! HAHAHA miss you more sir
he is so h o t
yas that's my man
HO on Hurtado :> Last class ko sila palagi pero sobrang life-giving talaga sila! They're smart and very mindful
You're doing a great job accomplishing that goal
Anytime! At least others realise
BTS
And we adore you Shawn
MK Emmy Dome Satchel Crossbody bag
With dust bag only
See photos for details and size reference
Payment upon delivery
Why don't We featuring german limelights
Happy for them
my everything
Bebecito bello
I believe you there. What the heart wants babe
I love even more after that concert he did last night
Love ko kayo both ni
I miss you too!!!
you're welcome ate
Congratulations. so happy for the both of you
is serisouly such an amazing person
I miss working there...
Felices 3M a nosotros
Happy birthday to the loml, I hope you have a day as amazing as you are .. you deserve the world Love you more
I am Happy Zain & Aditi both are with their families
Yieeee cloud, baka nemennn HAHAHAHAHA
get to 1,000 views on the music video for ADDICTED!! -
Please like/RT
Found some weed in my jacket smh
Breakfast tacos to start a Sunday off right best weekend crew in the world .@KPRC2
Be Brave San Juan, La Union
You look so smiley and happy thank you
5.2 MILLION hearts for anna still continues...
send that ewallet
ALL OF YOUR HARLINGS WILL COME TO YOUR WEDDING
And the winner is ........some of us think we need a new judging panel!! There again maybe not.....
you inspire me wow
Love you both . No one nods their heads in unison like you two :)
KEEP SMILING ALWAYS!!!!!!
Step out from home to Malacca. Brave enough, isn't it? Hahaha. Yes, I acknowledge it by myself.
awww thank you i feel the same way
Sunday mass 57 months and still counting
Because, I just love this picture! *utraoos our nazar*
Pretin
Awe!! What a Beautiful justthat your So Involved in the
I'm not crying
I will never settle
familyyyyy
has great nuggets to share. this.
The best concert of my life
mfn bitch no fucking Cap
the absolute sweetest
I officially love Evanna Lynch for fighting to have Dumbledore's funeral included in the Half Blood Prince!
Have a fabulous Sunday. I Love you all.
Ahhh he looks JUST like the two of you
Sunday's best
Kisses from my girl.
Coz she trust you
Happy Birthday for the last time ate! enjoy ur last hours char lang.. J! OooOps! Love u den
my 30th birthday present from the parents
matilda with my number one fan Cambridge Theatre
happy birthday, dear Anne with an 'e' haha wish you all the best. thank you for everything we love you lots and lots
wait ang cute!!!
Euphoria
Thank you so much
Go Ash So proud of you bud
Family beauty all down the line
is my ace and little
My favourite video in the whole world... so beautiful
moms tell her I said happy birthday
seremos
I love my daughter more then life itself and a FACT
YASSS It's time for a great show Mamma:Very short broadcast
In a few years be doing it just for you
thank you krysha!!
Now serving: Back in the Day BRUNCH! on your fave throwbacks til noon
Heart of Worship
Fairy irha daughter of khurram lala she is so cute may god bless uh with long
QUE COISA MAIS FOFAAAA
God : There Is No Stephen Hawking Bhenchod
Fontana
Henry and Becky
Sending you hugs...Casey is definitely looking at you lovingly barking love from up there.
Without a doubt!! Stay strong .. Tiger Nation is behind you!!
LJC
Yes, I mine - mostly for grains (which I eat a lot) and soups
Spending the day with my mumma is long overdue and very much needed
181021
Ugh I love you
I'm important to you this is all matter to me
I don't care whether you love or hate me
Just be with me always
Patisi patime
Everyday Sefora schools me on life. I love this girl.
Your welcome EADT17
Happy Birthday to my favorite woman in this galaxy, may the force always be with her
Sulaman hantaran cartoon. RM60 per towel. Ws 0182600928 untuk order
MAMA IRENE DAN 3 BERSAUDARA
RT Echai Media
Like TRP Mental
Both RT n Like
AFGGKVDHMDDKKBDDFJJ i have never been so ready for this
tradition every year that should be now maybe one year I'll get 2 go
That's a great idea! Think of all the animals you'll be helping!
Thank You Mumin Bhai..
Plz Don't Stop Making Videos
I know she SNAPPEDT
my favorite hood rat in class had these
I have nothing to offer rn but respect for your time and space
A day spent with you is a day well spent
Yours pics are perfect thx buddy xo :)
Channeling my inner mermaid-self.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Good luck!!
Life is so beautiful...
The joy of being a mother is the best feeling in the world! When those eyes connect...
He gone make sure straight
Slay your defense, bb!!!!! God bless!
BRAZIL LOVES IKON
Hehehehhe salanghe
If Life Is A Movie Then The Best Part
SINO EXCITED BUKASSSS??? ME!!!!! star city ahihihihi
Minha menina
It's And nothing says "I love you" like a personalized gift that gives
Slay your defense, bb!!!!! God bless!
thank u!
Sitting in a bench and talk about life in general is my favorite part.
Sali horribleeee, pero tqm
New house
Cool people in Granada en Granada, Spain
Yours pics are perfect thx buddy
Ah mon boug
Eu apaixonada
doubleee chin kunooooo
Goodnight
Michael K. Williams (I think)
Thanks bruddah love you too
Thankyouuu kay for the rosebong
Happy Birthday snoopdogg
TAG snoopdogg his I
Deem rt nesse
This
ROHIT-MAN Sharma with King KOHLI
8th
Keep on subscribing her
Awhhh May Allah bless you Big respect
Couldn't be prouder of my brother. Congratulations Doc Steven!
Meri meri
Bus Tum sy Shuru
Bus Tum py Khtam..
bless them and All of us
good shit cuhz
Congrats Akka
2nd Anniversary In Twitter !!
It Has been So Many Months
No like An No Replay
Exactly
Thanks for this
perhaps can join your support group
tots on ssg 17-18 Always in my heart reunion naman po jan mga mamser :((
Oooo that looks wonderful! Have a great week and we will sort meeting soon. Much love to you.
Thank you so much Renee hope all has been going well
. .... you
did so awesome! We love supporting always!
Woojin hold Baebe's hand... Im so soft from it
Same
Who watched Monsta X's album preview!?
what are your favourite songs so far? Mine are heart attack and Mohae...
sending well wishes for a speedy recovery
Oh my days this is actually adorable
HABADU HANBINSSI STAY HEALTHY PAPAKASALAN MO PA KOOOOO
melhor tutsss melhores pessoas
Celebrate the journey!
Matteo is my kinda guy
YES MAKAATTEND NA TALAGA AKO NG WEDDING AFTER 14 YEARS!!!
Only here in the Philippines A Filipino foods and culture
Double Dragon Islas Pinas
Throwback, baby Ava
Stay Grateful
happy birthday to our beautiful spacetwin carrie
mss you more each day
Blessed sunday, thank you Lord
You built me from a broken heart
Virtual Labs and So Much MORE!
Knew you would appreciate it
when bae visits from brighton Shoreditch
Happy happy birthday
I WAIT
Thank you
Families are like branches on a tree...we grow in different directions yet are roots remain as one. The Three
Love the white reindeer set
This concert was a beautiful gift from God to me and my better half.
we had so much fun today!! tysm ate wuv yuuuu
A MI ME ENCANTA VERTE A VOS
M A T H
accepted
I didn't choose the tug life, the tug life chose me (62 Photos)
fabulously sunny day in walking loving it
ur so cute here pim
I wait to give all my love to somebody
that's my bae
So proud of you
Love you Mick. Stay hydrated.
Really? Making me blush in the middle of the night? Hahaha
This KimMX514 saying goodbye you. I hope happy without me and doing well. I hope that whatever I did to you; you can forgive me.
3RACHA !!!!
rare
Awesome! Great story
She is just beautiful. I'd bathe in Activia to look like this!
i have this perfect idea of my life that im living in Beirut
queen of hearts
Thank you!
Tall glass of Cheval Blanc
Happy Sunday
shirt
fabric and
Dear Future Self,
You can make it. Just be patient and trust the process. Cheras, Selangor
Ethaninho
super lucky to have amazing friends. huhuhu
praying that Danny and Kellie win best partnership tomorrow
QUE MULHER PERFEITA!
Nc project and feeling great today...
HBD DF abuser
THANK YOU SO MUCH, MUSIKAT
This is beautiful it's so great that her fur parents didn't do what some would when she was no longer able to
How many of you are online ???
fans??
RT max
I would love the one on the right for iPhone 8
Love date nights with bae
BROO WHY AM I CRYING!! I LOVE THIS I LOVE YALL!! YOU GUYS ACTUALLY MAKE ME HAPPY!
welcome
Fascinating scientific detective work. I the
oh my
iti coisa mais linda the shippo com o harry styles aaaa
juli is a walking cheer-up note lucky to have her as a friend
thank you mntase I love you too
omG WOAINI
Buy any bottle of Hennessy and get a premium Hennessy branded gift. Remember to click
I LOVE THIS SOOOOOOONG
Valentine
This year you're mine wtf_captain!
And you, whom will be yours?
Good morning Beautiful You
sjsskksk ily
Top story: 'THANK YOU
the_Lab
___
||
___
Weekend work... travel options for 2.
___
|
God will protect every child once he takes what's his god bless every unborn child
I hope so
You really are a life saver
you did great sweetheart
nostalgiaaa
Sooooooo hard to leaving, see you for the next event guys
So much of who we are is where we have been. Angkor Wat
YOU ASKED FOR IT.
be a productive human being. . .
At some point today.
Happy
King and Queen only
Mine
Can we do this again? Throwback to Newcastle i love you!
tysm ate roi!! yess never forget HAHAHAHA gl sato sa religion week
If Carlsberg made Headteachers??
He still makes the hair on the back of my neck stand up
Too much inner and outer beauty in one photograph
We are all in this together, Teach
I'm so proud of you're no longer our little secret. Today, you made history keep it up swish
turn your worries into prayers
Owen Micheal is getting a little spooky I love being his aunt b
AT WEDDING'S PARTY MICHAEL ANGEL
and
Awww. You two are so cute. Congratulations and happy anniversary!!!!
wish life was more functional than it
My sister wedding
Snap by vivo y55
My ohmiya crave is healed because of these two. Thank u
..
Ant-Man and the Wasp
Your mother is my Hero.
Meu estressinho
I'm in love with the shape of you..
Go
+
So proud of you all love you all
Had fun at homecoming last night, these were my two favorites I ALSO FOUND OUT MY DRESS HAS POCKETS AND IM SO
She does protecc and attacc and I love her
Pray for me sis
thank you Sis K
Happy B-day lady Anne
Relax na dinha po my love.
Thank you
Done and dusted! Thanks for all the support, well wishes and donations so far. Much appreciated
Help me reach
Sweetest Day is today!
(i know it was really yesterday lol)
Black love is so beautiful
I love them so much
not beautiful but handmade
Me too
Thank morgan love you
Tierra de reyes
Happy birthday, Amii. It was so lovely meeting you this year!!! I hope you have a great day today, love
Done. Follback yaa
Good luck semuaa
another memories wt ngungu!!!
thank you!
You deserve to be loved
thank u kishy
ahhh my heart
Happy birthday
Think about you everyday
Thank you!
i get the feeling but it would be amazing to leave it up
You are the cause of my euphoria
party was fun
I was looking through my JD photo album and came across I really miss pinkish blonde that Chen had back then
are all about wearing trackies and eating shit food
Voltei pro loirin
My only one
Aye
| Mission 5
really more mail
Because you miss me already and not there to cuddle you and make you hot
yo...michigan, the wings, and the griffs won yesterday?? and osu lost? truly a sweetest day to me. love that
I appreciate
dm everyone who this, game? G!
The bojangles cat
Poor thing. So glad he was rescued
Happy birthday, It was so lovely meeting you this year!!! I hope you have a great day today, love
Boo, i miss you Take care baby boo sorrrrryyy i couldn't make it tomorrow lepas exam saya janji saya kita pi jalan2 okay?
have no idea how big of fan I am of the GGs every Saturday I sat by the and just was mesmerized
Headed to HHN for my loves birthday celebrations.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MY BFF!! U may not have been born as my sister, but we both know that were
Valentine
This year you're mine hopefullynah!
And you, whom will be yours?
When unwanted people slide in your dms, and you reply with a to end the convo.
This peppermint mocha coffee creamer has me in the holiday spirit this morning.
Back home
. . .
GOOD JOB URI JUNNIE!
Omg thank you
Crisp air, pretty leaves, soothing sun, sweater and boots. Autumn, I love you!
.
.
.
.
Sam??little boy??
He's a beast
well this is just so heartwarming
Crazy but I love her I could never run from her
wait for this
get well soon baby, glad you finished the tour safely
Looking forward to a great day for walk & fun today at Christian Brothers University!
Happy birthday to my gal , wait to see you! Love you always (sorry late) xxx
You might be wondering why this coloring looks different than any other.
Our Feature Of The Day is this
She's complete
Amas obrigado
Yay to
Thank you so much guys for all ur love and support
Lots of love and respect to sir,
CUTE. OMG HELLO JUNNIE! THANKS FOR TODAY!!!
cap yan ate pinaarte lang itsura i miss u too ate! LABAN LANG SA ACAAAADS!!
His excellency Jacob Gedleyihlekisa Zuma
So so beautiful. Sammy.
RT RT Follow everyone who likes this
El teaser de SEHUNNIE! NUESTRO SEHUNNIE HA CRECIDO TANTO ERES EL CONSENTIDO Y AMADO MAKNAE QUE EH
Cory, thank you for coming into our lives. And thank you for helping me provide and care for Lane. We love you!
I will own a home like this someday I'm speaking it into existence
sweetttt
smart
yet so beautiful
I MISS U ATE NOEMIIII :-(((
Eso me ha hecho muy feliz
thank u
R I C H A R D
You're welcome love
I Spent Half Of Sweetest Day In The Hospital With Main Sweetie
THIS TEAM DID SUPER GREAT GANINA! Thank you so much! Kudos to these men and women for others!
Jun!!!! Our handsome MC!!!! Have fun today!!!!
I appreciate
Non mais regardez
To enter our Spooky Competition:
Like our Page
Share this Post
Tag a mate who's sharing your
Awh a mom
Why are you so beautiful ???
Yassss happy birthday queen
Im still smilling ear to ear whenever I see these pictures hahaha
You should pay attention to the Russian army.
I'm so excited, babe
A real pleasure - glsd to be able to get it up on at last
jo jinho.
If somebody is ordering anything off Wish, DM me for a code
I'll never let you down
Life is nothing without you
anyway, I can't wait for my so-called "boyfriend" to come home hehehe
Happy birthday son
Shoutout to big cousin Nick for getting his shoe game right for his big day!
WINTER IS COMING
Please always mention in every tweet. Thanks
answer it one by one in the comment section
All I want __
Come on boys
City of Tshwane
mas ainda bem que hj tem Corinthians
Deanna and Jia
/: thank you
I appreciate
Love Winnie Aah hugs to you
Fidelis Itinere all through my feeds huhuhu maka suya
Please pray
Due gnocchi gelosissimi
heyy godbless u rin always hehe u
Followed everyone.
Ate ikaw daw po ang bet nya dito
Beste aus Rom
4 meses carregando esse anjinho
If you aren't in church rn
Ya MISSING
Hardcore Domination
just thankful for all the people that never left my side. Much love
Home sweet home
My darling girl. No words
Fiquei muito lindinha dessa ft
Day to remember
- 21 Oct 2018
I love your voice its so soothing Masha Allah.
Your sense of humor >>> Bang on xD sensible and mature bandy
I almost forgot. Happy 1y 7m love
happy early birthday to the muthafckn slaughter King
Thank you!!! I told you, will be seeing you at industry events real soon
Gatinhooo Obg
Blur
Te amo
Aww I'm sorry your feeling like that hun. I'll DM you
Wow! Thanks for the support bro!
Aww I'm sorry your feeling like that hun. I'll DM you
Goodnight
i am thankful for the friends who take me in at my lowest moments
EXO
SNSD
SEMUWA LAGU ANAK SM TERUTAMA LAGU EXO TRS SAMA LAGU AILEE - HEAVEN
Blessed to see another day thanks for all the birthday wishes yesterday!
Nice! Bin gespannt.
Goodmorning loves I hope you all have an amazing day
Thank you
Fan Parade sponsored by headlined & hosted by me! Been here 3 days been epic
Pam made her first sale.
nah, it will be better when I write your name in the Death Note
Temple of Leah
You see the best in every student!
of course wait a minute
i love u
How bout the fractional taeks?
Leafs have won 2/3 of their games.
Hey Please Follow back Hope yoir all having a good day
My alarm went off an hour ago and I want to get up and going but someone else doesn't.
MAJNU SINGH AWARA
Ayush Das
May your foundation be one of Coach with Nicole - Recovery
Mais bien sur
So many prayers for your family. Love you Ki.
going to miss you as well dear Afrah
We wish you all the best!
Who would of ever thought Shikra would of turned our night around
MANTUL TIMNAS U-19
I appreciate
Enjoy dearrrr
please come to Turkey. Love you so much.
Aww
momoland forever
Na to vendo esse 2019 heiin
Thank you so beautiful
just a friend...... I Gay People
I need an in my life
So so so so so happy I got to meet & hug you, ate ingat ka always!
BATCH 57 SOLD OUT IN 1 DAY
Delived to:
SM Sucat
Pulanglupa
Jollibee Zapote
SM Bacoor
Lumina Imus
Twitter should have a and a button
Thank you
you just made my day! Rangy's highlights feature is exactly what I was looking for. Thanks a lot.
So excited
no, truly thank YOU! up to every model to have their own opinions.
and i love your mindset!
Mama raised an alcoholic
Charming SARAH LEX is now inline for erotic flirts and more
Naughty Wild Girls Club international Live
I love my life, that's why i love you
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA tangina ang corny ko
Omg so adorable Wish my rabbit camera shy No a Pomeranian..not shy by nature but very camera shy! Thank you
promise i will
THANK YOU RICHARD JR FOR COMING HOME TO ADN!!!LVE YOU & NICOMAINE DEI ALWAYS & IN ALLWAYS
worthwhile weekend
Bandung, thank you so much for your support!! |
Thank you so much!
Everyone
who &
Idk more refreshing the music or her
Siga todos que FAV esse tweet
follow everyone who LIKES this
He will make you strong believe in him
Miss you babe
Buenos
&
Thanks for reading!
Betttt, Sissy will be waiting
I'm so excited
Stay positive
New bodysuit
to more praises and worships with you, YFC FAMILY
Si book series talaga
Good afternoon!!! It's and I'm joining the gorgeous and talented luciayogas and
Thank you so very much. I appreciate your prayers & your concern.
You're my favorite notification
leaving more mail
le casting de Parker Lewis ne perd jamais.
Souvenirs souvenirs... great and fun
If able, help a wonderful Swiftie out
Fareesha you're so pretty Masha Allah we dont follow each other but still jb b interact hua
officially a new autie!! Welcome to the fam Jeffrey Bennet Grayson Casperson. I cant wait to meet you in
Its during the worst of times you learn who really has your back. My list got smaller but the love from the few I have is so overwhelming
Yes! Exactly. Haha saw them perform live twice na.
RIP Luc, so sorry for your loss Julia
THANYOU Men for an awesome
Season! Speedy recovery for Jose
Altuve, yall get some much needed rest & FAMILY/Spouse Time
chanyeol sang in one of his vlives before~ why it sounds familiar
I was lucky enough to find my calling and know myself blessed. Also am blessed by your weekly newsletter in my inbox.
I will be at the ccc ceremony
GOLOO BENFICA!!
EM CASA
2-0
ilysm
It feels good to have this kind of opportunity
she was so good and lived well
heart to heart talk with love, a while ago
Love P!ATD best band ever
Thanks to me also miss me you
Hi I'm Mandy, available now for massage watsapp me 0560756670
And my 5 day vacation ends here. I'll miss you guys
in Quezon City
Shinran
lets have a letter writing slot in Y2 specialism
Fuck with Me at
free sex films india pussy throat cum fat ass hitchhikers
When you're just this photogenic it's hard to choose which picture you look cutest in...
This is awesome
Love this
lol this was 2011! happy birthday bro nothing changed but ya age! miss
Who Can Stand Against The King ? Noone Can, Noone Will.
It's okay, we proud of you
Happy Anniversary to you both a wonderful day xxx
Valentine
This year you're mine cigarretaes!
And you, whom will be yours?
Your so strong and doing so well
happy birthday bro bless up enjoy your day
love you
My bar crawl buddies!
I love you. Enjoy the week
JUNHUI AND YIXING IN ONE FRAME ASDFGHJKL HOY!!!
Bonita
i'm already planning to put flyers out in melbourne to promote it with !
You are Goddess Love you beautiful girl
All love
Chilsss
You will love it
We will! Sending love from Devonnn
Soooo happy for both of you!! Enjoy every second of your amazing day!!
it! Thank you for being you!
phone calls
keep your head up gamer, your headset is falling
Reminiscing over my baby bump with Sebastian. This is 5 years ago.
Funny, I was thinking of you yesterday.
Charming KRISTINA KRINTS is now inline for erotic flirts and more
Naughty Wild Girls Club international
I've always been proud of you, will do too no matter what. Wherever you go, will be there to support you.
Minha Neguinha
88 Showtime
Lunch with his Fam Tysm Hona Family
from beacaratelli___ - R o m e.
.
.
.
I love fish and rice
TOD FERRE
Been in smtimes easy
My heart
the solace of my anxiety: Faith, Family, Friends
someone help georgia out her costumes are insane
this! Great content & the reason why I Thrift & Flip fashion/style items!
Yesterday was simply amazing!! I got to marry my best friend, I be happier
Final 24 Hours of our Sale Self Care is a Divine Responsibility-
I love this cast, this story, and the family
thanks for the advice love! It'll all be fine soon
Happy birthday, kenneth Thankyouuu sa pa foodsssssssss. Godbless always. Sml
Zeofied
give you one guess as to who just rewrote their Christmas list to include a pony
sorry what? Girl your beautiful!
Minha
Congratzzz its been a long journey Glad met you
Choosing Reggie...
coming home on Wednesday
Boys are beyond excited!!!
Sml Pinterest, YouTube, Twitter, Launchora
Wanna One - Kang Daniel
Minha princesa
love ya
Absolutely beautiful darling.
So stunning.
So a true love finds their immortal destination
Love u both
Hero.
Much love to you and your dad Ashley, im@so sorry this is going on at all but I love this idea of life celebration
He melts my
Truth in Love
Team HSAM (2010 & 2014) with Ms. Delfin
ily
Hey, going to be okay. give up.
Lost in this moment with you
My baby had a good time yesterday knocked out
Festivals are here
jgh fr church
Imad Wasim with Fan
Happy birthday to my Mother-In-Law, Anne Twist! You deserve all the happiness and to be loved, mum. Thank u
DJ in my
Happy birthday boo boo stink. I know that you think that I love you, but mine foreva.
Hey guys If you have a Tumblr account, would you please reblog my countdown (to post ??
lovvee you queen
just doing math hw and you know what would make me feel better? if u followed me
The best
I love that Jesy is so confident now
TOLONG BANTU PIRA NABUNG !!!
1 rt = 2k
1 like = 1k
1 rep = 2k
makasih hehe
goodnight
Thanks
Hearing my boyfriend laugh after going through a long and toxic week is fulfilling it makes my heart fat
Saw my brothers son and ex yesterday. God I miss him so much!
E esse sonho se realizando?
Happy Sunday sexy tweeperz
HERMOSA FOTO DE NUESTROS HOMBRES . VAMOS A A KOKOBOP
Thank you Patty.
Congrats King you deserve this and so much more!
G'morning Ohana!
Is tomorrow really Monday? :-(
Much
Isn't Sunday the best day of the week?! Shop our Freerunner Petite Snow White
tots about adrianne gandaAaAA tas super kind
Our Pumpkin Coffee is a great Sunday morning pick me up! Our University location is open now!
Promotes Health
Pueraria Mirifica 500mg 100 Capsules
Buy It Now
Source Launch & Dominate On
Viral-Launch : Best Finder
Get Started
This tweet, "RT yoonginietyy: [ BT21 OFFICIAL PJS ]
WHOLESET PJs SET !!!
WW
3 WINNERS
[ RULES
Durga, Shakti, Lakshmi
Nuit, Isis, Hathor
(the real one)
(the eternal
hoje!
30 anos de Unicruz.
Hell yeah!
I act like i dont fvcking care
This gives me so much hope.
Best Golkeeper love you
Is this your view?! Congrats
Insanely Powerful Software Tools For Sellers
Helium10 : Find High Ranking Keywords & Spy Competitors
Yes.
Omg!!! You're welcome!!! Love u
Charming MEGAN DARCEY is now inline for erotic flirts and more
Naughty Wild Girls Club international
Elephants are amazing
Find Pre-vetted For
Freeeup : $5 per hour to your business.
Hired Now
Goodluck sa exam mo bukas aww thanks a lot
It's October 21, 2018 at 10:00PM Help me expand my Dropbox using this link: . Much appreciated!
Wow, I'm so proud of you girl. Good job!
This tweet, "RT only_blue_light: RT+FOLLOW )
!
Almost 11K Tweets Reached
Thalaivar Fans on
Echai Media this is for you
Thanks for their ip
my happy pill is also my sad pill love you always dooong!
by: Gemar Suan
Baby Im crying Happy tears I love you so much your so amazing and the best husband ever
Thank you for the GA
r
Novela Casi Como Hermanos 1
Con Kindle Unlimited puedes leerlo GRATIS
Keep trying ... Columbus, Ohio
Form underdog team not win but the best result for fans
Thank you for all fans
Get well soon
uwur
for my costume prize its all stuff that I will use!
You guys are crazy
.
.
.
too kind
Awieee
Sepanx is real jod guys. I miss everything. Love you all
Uiii
+2
yieieieie, thank you rhea!!! ily
Congratulations !!!!
When you need to smile and your youngest daughter comes to the rescue
.
.
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!
TIP LANDS
HIT IF YOU GOT ON
Happiest birthday baby...remember that you have me, until every last star in the galaxy dies, you have me
Thank you
No, never did, just got caught in the middle, as usual
xiumin
I wanna Bloom just for you Whitespace Manila
Mais que amigas, friends
Cozinhaterapia, lasanha
VC with Jakey
I'd love to take my friend with cancer who adores 5sos it's her dream to see them live
RT Crisp air, pretty leaves, soothing sun, sweater and boots. Autumn, I love you!
.
.
.
Okay okay... but Ahad is
Aw Mama Aquaria is to sweet
My first marathon
thanks bb!
john Mayer
I love Me n my imperfections
Well done, Rhonda!! you!
Love you
The sweetest
Sark doesnt reply Diss songs bro.
He only replied 'god mc'
Idey feel pass!
Right on
check
yes, go forth and find true love you deserve it
We Lord
Romania wants Samuel here too! You both look so gorgeous
Loyal customers
"It comes and goes in waves and carries us away"
I love you
Thanks
Valentine
This year you're mine wtf_captain!
And you, whom will be yours?
Got a random account to giveaway, active?
Want a sneak peek inside my Nourish 7-Day Kickstart recipe ebook? I created my 7-day kickstart to help give
Carry on as you are Lisa, you can hold your head up high
Happiest death anniversary to both of my granparents & happiest birthday to my Lolo IMY!!!!!
: maldita hehe
: 2/10
: hiii ate em2!! whyyy so prettyyyy??? hope u're doing fine sa shs
Thanks for coming out last night!
.
Catch us today for a duo set moontowersaloon 4-7PM. Doggies and kiddos
I love you
Come over any given Sunday and I will feed you and teach you football
lol we love you too.
Thank you for posting-good for my to see this.
puso lang
Samthaan reading the script
Focus and Dedication level
woke up like this today!! passed... Now only miss the Oral exam..
Ayan Ali Crush For ever
aaannnddd outside the venue, see you later (the last ones my fav)
Congrats on your lucky new family member! She's a brave little beauty, that one!
It doesn't sound awful
Also love you, bud
kaya mo yan jans! believe in yourself lang Hello! Ngayon ko lang to nakita and thank you for cheering me up!
adorable.
Congrats King you deserve this and so much more!
Saudade cremosa
Me and the kid up watching Twilight movies
Bella Thorne
Love Cardi B nails SO BUTE
With Love
Baymax
Love this quote
I am so Proud of you, Qween LC! God bless you more!
Kek lapis and ikan terubok!
I everything about this.
I love weddings Had such a beautiful time with my boo!
Happy Sunday So Blessed
Please follow me on instagram:
Art is diverse and deep. title: "Pain factory".
Praise Jesus. He loves us all very much
always
Make Us Dream
i'm SO proud of you!!! can't wait blake, miss & adore YOU
all eyelashes break your face for Unlock Tour in Japan
I appreciate
Me constantly getting pied off by Blake:
Congrats bro,SM love you forever
thank God for another day
Ayee JazakALLAH love, stay blessed
speaks so much truth!
Hi mate Arafat Mahmood,
Feliz para mi
Great <33
but this sunflower is waiting for you, waiting for you...
Good morning everyone happy Sunday
Congrats and happy birthday Hanbin
LOVE U
Truth in Love
Team HSAM (2010 & 2014) with Ms. Delfin
happy sweetest day
Happy Birthday
Horoscope Libra I like it. I hope
Gracias por tanto
I hope you find a person who loves you very much, because you deserve the best
it an awful feeling I hope you make it. I know I
B E H A P P Y....
not because everything is perfect but because you choose to FOCUS on the perfect Moment
SEGUIDORES? SIGUEME Y TE SIGO YAAAA#Followback avisa con
Congrats!! You deserve it so much
Sunday mood. Sade and her cat.
SEGUIDORES? SIGUEME Y TE SIGO YAAA avisa con#SIGUEMEYTESIGO 1.2
Always pursue her and flirt with her even if you already have her. Try to steal her heart even if you already
sorry lovely, I hope both okay! not too bad just suffering with my physical health
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!! have a wonderful day you deserve it, stay strong & i hope you have a great day happy 26!
Top 10 Reasons We Mount Sinai.
Rt and like if you stan
- NctU
- Nct127
-NctDream
NCTzen's follow whoever likes or rts
365 dias! Te amo
Baby we luv ya
You did great ,take care
Keep your healthy
Guys like flowers too!! ...Well not really this guy?! But I did get sum and the gesture is highly highly
Glowing .
you deserve all the happiness in this world so you should marry a man who will love and respect you with all his heart
the_Lab
___
||
___
Weekend work... travel options for 2.
___
DJ in my
why she was playing the new Little Mix single on her insta story this morning. We love clues
Last night POPPED! Thank you one of my favourite gigs to date, them ones where the crowd is
Outstanding artworks by
Comment below what you think about this dazzling artwork and double tap
Thank yuh so much girl!!
Bom diaa
Que hermosas fotos
AAAAAAAA
My college
baseball story today
Gracias hermanito
Looking forward to seeing these two on new show
I will babe thank you xx
Mis reinas
in denial rana oy
Pancakes with blueberry or bacon!they are now on our breakfast menu Come and try
happy birthday to the besttttt lil bro everrrrrrrrr i love him w everything in me !!! time is flying soooo
Worship songs are
I appreciate
White Glorey latest !
So much by Filipinos Mader Sitang, The truest beauty Godbless your good heart.
happy birthday sis
Aw Mama Aquaria is to sweet, replying to fans on Instagram.
With this as a witness of our by limitlessart_viddhi from
Ariana Grande lockpack rt if you want must be following
Charming CASSIDEY is now inline for erotic flirts and more
Naughty Wild Girls Club international Live
I wait
Good night everyone
Thank you Lord for the whole day and u always stay by my side I love you
Keep up the great reporting Abby!
My fav photo
Does anyone else love it when cats curl up on your lap.
Wow I love you
RT seasonedcases: Reindeer & Polar Bear Friend
Get in the Christmas Spirit today!
AW thank u uwu
We always will be with you
Happy to have been able to walk for a while in Cardiff Bay with my family today
so right. having peace of mind knowing ok.
I love you
2x iPhone XS MAX
GIVEAWAY
Follow us
RT
Turn Post Notifications On
FAST GIVEAWAY
PICKING ONLY
JOIN NOW
Who else loves this outfit? I love yellow and these kind of patterns.
Beautiful
happy Manta
Thanks
OM.
Producer Chanyeol is at it again yey
written by loey
sung by loey
thanks babe
Por otros medios
Back to leather coat,thats make me love winter
I hope so! You deserve to be happy
Today is my birthday Sally, a birthday message from you would be appreciated
Lately i'm having a crush on Kid Yambao!! Damn he's long hair!! Hahaha ayiieeeut
buy here: or
The Legendary Abd Alhaq Faiz ..
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA AY QUE ME MEEEEEO
Dear got your warm heart
You were perfect in the role
BUT, OVERALL. THANKS A LOT SEMUANYA
A year has passed and im still amazed on how I made it here
Bon matin le monde! Je t'aime tant!
This weather gives me so many memories
100% happy with it!!
Thank youu! I love you too
What time is it?
.
.
kim hyojong.
Those EYES haha, these are all wonderful dude!! Tysm~~
New
One day, we're gonna read our love letters all over again together so don't stop fighting, boo
Thank you
I love you
Waise he's pairing with raashi right , I so wanted to see them together onscreen
That scene at the end of Business Trip + that song from Sixteen CandIe = perfection
Vida
|
I will miss this view
love you
HAHAHAHAHAHA SIGE BUKAS HAHAHAHAHHAHA JOKE HHAA THANK YOU, ORRAINEEEEE!!!
Art Collection 2 by DM
Thank you
Oh my God I missed them so much!
" I wanna be more than a friend to you... "
Domino Dancing on sinulle sopiva Domino Dancing - 2018
really had fun today hehehehe
Love you more
SHE IS A PERFECTION
Ai
thank you sooo much. helping out all us international mixers out here
Oml
haltd my breaths fr a while!
Charan
Wish You A very Happy Birthday to Hassan bhai
very true!!
When you can't go to BTS concert but your friends take beautiful pictures for you Thank you
Rohit > Kohli !
Flamboyance
as a BF
See you tomorrow
Charming ARIANNA ARIES is now inline for erotic flirts and more
Naughty Wild Girls Club international
Wilf starting and Wickham on the bench
It was so great to see the in concert last night. Thanks for refreshing my spirit.
Thank you so much, LB.
Blessed beyond measure Thank you God!
Happiest of happy birthdays to !
Hi besh!
DM ME PLSSSS BBY
Pacerote
change is always good
1nsane again and again
jung wooseok.
ANY TIME IS GAINING TIME
200 LIKES=200 FOLLOWERS
Like
Retweet
Comment ifb
Follow Who Like and RT
Follow
sunday
Love can be lost but it can be found again.
I miss you too tin see u tomorrow
Garoto filha da puta
Thankyou
Exo ls in this tweet are
waah thank youu ate roi huhu lifesaverr!!
Wowowin days Wowowin Studio 6
Jon
Edges
5,000
You deserve the best! All for the Glory! We claim that you'll win this pageant. Godbless you always,
I will participate on our school sports fest tomorrow akshshdg good luck to our team
Hello
Finally
Open BOOKING
ID :
Area : BANDUNG
EXPO :
BBW Lovers
More info cek bio!
DM
God is preparing you for more!
Cheers to an amazing day ahead.
the way he holds my hand
Good morning Twitter friends! I hope you have a wonderful Sunday! I'll be on MFC tonight from 8pm to midnight EST!
Understandably, we are all virgins in the eyes of the Lord. Especially me
The son and were listening to Adele's "Make you feel my love", couldn't help but think of
Te love
So true my Lovely
You forgot the babe SPAIN
we've been through a lot of ups and downs but we always find a way back together. love you! happy 3rd anniversary
the way he look at me
BUY NEW SINGLE by feat.
THE RETURN OF THE VOICE
This song
Wilf starting and Wickham on the bench! Come on boys let's do this!
Last year October from
This year October one more from
Penned by our
The ginger one, eat some more , lemon cream in that order
Charming ALISSON FOXWORTH is now inline for erotic flirts and more
Naughty Wild Girls Club
EU TO MUITO APAIXONADA NO SEU
You bring out the best of me, and I can only thank you for being here, by my side, my half La Marina de Paris
i love you i love you i love you, you can and will push through, i believe in you bb
Ofc it's facts
Thee most gorgeous boy in the universe !!!
Omg! Just when you think you love their cuteness more... this happens!
Planning on doing a reaction video, but you probably care x
My little brother did that PERIODT.
sofia y dove son tan hermosas lpm las amo
Te amo!!!
Oh.. you changed it.. That's so sweet of you.. thanks .. and I really love your art alot
Zain Innovation Campus - ZINC
mereceu muito essas momento
Friends making plans to meet you Mum for lunch once you leave the country are the type of friends you need in your life
May the odds be ever in our favor.
[ FREE NUEST W PVC CARD ]
ONLY FOR
Postage or Meet up
Dateline: 28th October 2018
If u have any
Thank you...and love you, girl! It was so great seeing you! Can't wait to watch you kick ass commentating DBFZ today!
That gif is me thank you so much for your kind words
you are the best, mr. army bomb. Thank you for everything
J'et aime, my love
Carmi you are so beautiful!! Happy birthday to your love
80's music
germanyy!! ready to stream it 24/7!!
Definitely women only
Happy Birthday, Hope you have a lovely day
So pleased you are home... you have a long recovery ahead! Rest and take it easy
Always here if you need us
Nice to see Wickham on the bench
This song makes me feel all warm inside. Easily my favourite love song EVER
My sweet adorable patient who i was able to help with his dream job application got accepted and he came to
My daddy did this first
Oh my gosh! This is so wonderful! Your son is precious It's nice to be reminded there are good people
I love you so much
thanks mum love youu
Rohit Sharma Back to Back Sixes !
And hits half century
65*
Go on Champ !
Guys!!!! I know if heard, but the phish from Vermont are good!
Bienvenida mutual
3d effect Abstract Blue Smoke 4K Hd: via
My Prince
I LOVE YOU BABY
WORLDWIDE HANDSOME
Ugh
You take away the pain yieee
: friendlyyy & cheerful
: 12345672979/10!!!
: hiii 4th born!!! one of my comfort zones cheers
Happy birthday twinnies
brothersss
I LoL butter with olive oil, but whip my own.
Nuts to them.
be okay. We dream about stuff we thinking of all the time. Just pray to take it away!
I love you both, always
Best tune in years congratulations guys xx
que amor aaa
the way we talk
the best things in world start with letter 'F'.
1. Food
2. Fortnite
3. Football
Thank you
Meu
Chance packed up all our stuff and presents before I woke up and set aside a hoodie and comfy pants for the drive home
One of the best songs made
MBS
Fuel by Jesus and Coffee
bruh
Should I consider it as a complement or in other words and nothing can affect on me
Amen
Thank You
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all. Have a great
SO jelly
you are really talented and cool WoW You are really Amazing Wish you good luck
Retweet Please
Wonderful
Wow! beautifully done
no love like a German love.
all fingers crossed
H A P P Y
Oh my days mytall40s looking effortlessly chic in her HAPPY sweat...with the all important message
was crazy not to put you through You would have been amazing up there
Jin
de ontem
LOVE THIS FAM
always remember us this way
hahahaha thank you, ate elaineee!!! HAHHAHAHA JOKE ANG SAGWA NA TALAGA PAG DI ALL CAPS HAHAHAHA
Congrats to our Platoon Commander
Met and soundest guys had a great time just chatting with them
Sheeeeetttt
Looking forward to a great day for walk & fun today at Christian Brothers University!
dalawa adv subs nyo? sino mga teacher? sir felmar-research and sir reymart-adv bio!!!
Hi bang garel! My new brother in this world. Please take care of me and i'll take care of you too. ur sissy Lu
Yours truly and truly yours
Casamento Jandy & Alex. em IBBV
My life
Apaixonada nessa foto
Just the best for you
Cry if u needed. Love you Pau.
I can sit here and watch the videos I took of Blake kicking and rolling around inside of me all day ughh I
Please go like this tweet guys and show some
Te amo
Beautiful
Boooooom dia domingo
Me encanto esa escena!! Mi salvando a su amiga... Awwwww
Ehehehe, so cute!
Don't give up
Cigarettes and Cush typa night
King
really work this way, ma. But we get you.
Today's reminder:
One of the most famous bloggers of US , when he Heard the Holly Quran for the first time
thank you your words mean a lot to me sadly ot was my whole class
Happy 9 years in heaven, Lola.
Rip bradaaa.
I might like someone, but that's a secret
Happy Sunday! my birthday is just 5 days away! I would love if you could donate & repost! Thank you so
I love you too honey
See you there! We
Just this.
up the world. The world needs your Mary McDonnell
Pretty
Im so so sorry, keeping you in my thoughts
Happy birthday bro love you
I will open the form again~
Limited slots ONLY
Email Confirmation will be sent tonight until tom morning
LES
Amour
haaaayyy
chiara.bizzoca
I see her BRANDY flower shirt and look at the beautiful flowers. And then playing scrabble in Australia
Almuerzo en familia Family lunch trying a new Mexican food restaurant
Spotlight Down
Going to miss you Kate next year when softball starts you Kate~
Great weekend in my spiritual home of Bristol. Will have to start visiting more!
thanks for doing this
Gangguin pak rete yg sibuk nge game
thanksssss
happiest birthday hope to see you soon
Thanks babe
bom domingo
Please Apply and Share with love for Love
Music by Morgan Kibby
Maroon5 has us bopping around the place
Thank you
So proud of you
So proud of you!!!
my angel
my forever bebe
-kitang kita na yung nasa mata ko
So drunk me unknowingly bought 1 of my favorites movies to surprise me! Thanx, bitch!
Can't wait for tomorrow langga
welcome to the club lil bro you did a great job in them numbers my boy !
Happy birthday, Miss u hoy stay the way u are and see u soon!
Thursday night to Sunday night
On our way to Puri Bhubaneswar - Smart City
I NY
fez bem.
Jonhy, te amo
Uwuw
Spending my Sunday with this girl. Love you sis
Imissyou beb. How are you? Labas tayo next week or sa Undas break :((
Good morning Gorgeous
u know who u are.
sobre o niver de ontem
Happy Birthday Hope you have as lovely day as you are
give up
Hannah Al Rashid inverted cross
Happy Sunday! my birthday is just 5 days away! I would love if you could donate & repost! Thank you so
Would you rather have your french fries with ketchup or with mayo? Ketchup
naraid66
ano00ioxsgm1
a daily reminder; literally die for sebastian olzanski, this man has my whole ass heart
Have a good day at work.
RT (+ fanday)
Only one
33 degree freemasonry SUBLIME PRINCE OF THE ROYAL SECRET square represents Compass
i love myx
Im missing u so much :(
We love you too
from :
to :
L O V E
Happy Birthday my Quail
Be healthy loveyou from forever Quail See you soonest
Hi! Sorry po kung wala si CJ. Bawi po sya next mallshow! and thank you for supporting him
Just love it!
'Do not let what you think they think of you make you stop and question everything you are.' Carrie Fisher. X
Hehe i'm never disappointed by Monsta X but i have to say this one SEEMS REALLY GOOD
Weezer! So 1) small bullets are normal here, 2) spray them in multiple sectors,
If u in church this morning pray for me & my children thanks !
I LOVE U
One more reason I you SB!!
you just made my day! Rangy's highlights feature is exactly what I was looking for. Thanks a lot.
Bhai Mention kr dete zyaada acha hota wese is k kye Tysm
Love you too baby doll
let me know if you need anything
I made this unit for so happy she gave me a chance
CB 85
CB 87
We are backkk again
Last monatge for us in fifa 18
(
Malta
Bro smarter than me
One wicket here and back in it. Come on
goodnight [D-4] Izone chu
Aww Torchic es uno de mis pokemon favorito
ame
thanks broski love you
love u.
Open BOOKING
ID :
Area : JAKARTA
EXPO :
BBW Lovers
More info cek bio!
DM
Pls if you like my
Lezzzzzgo!!!!
Sports Writing Elite Enthusiasts of the Philippines!
November
(from: SWEEP Facebook page)
bday dinner my friends Nora's Park Bench Cafe
I how is on that list :). She is a treasure.
olha a dm
I freaking love Army Navy!!!!
Happy Birthday
I liked a video Helping The Homeless Valentine's Day!
Prayer to you and your Ohana could not imagine
You are worth fighting for
KAHIT DI KO KAYO CLOSE HEHEHEHEHEHEHHEHEE MAHAL KAYO NG BIAS NYO uWu
he says he really misses you too
Our prayers are with those who died and hurt during the accident. May God Bless Taiwan! We Love Taiwan
Re-create yourself.
I this family!
I missed my family parties so much, I missed them in general...good times
James Bay
Oh heck! Thank you great way to start sunday
I live for soft!chanyeol
Thank you dear, I am sure I will Nothing ever stays the same
No, youre not! Dami pang araw for improvements, hehe I'm always here for u mwa mwa
One of my favorite memories!
S.o to for putting up w me lmao & making this look happen
She's the happiest when she's with her best friend..
Thank you
Ndwakhulu is unapologetic about his love for his Girl Bruh
Maybe the night X One sweet day
This!
Did someone fall of stage this time?
Great things happening at Elm Grove Elementary!!! We our new SLP Erin Dupree!!!
I cats
181021
bait
nice tho
CHAAAA THANK YOU!!! Miss u too
I am so happy he shares with us everything he loves ,HE'S SO PRECIOUS
7.55K subs for Channel
Thank you For Ur Support
Subscribe :-
Happy birthday!!
Another load of shite from the tabloids this morning! Keep doing what you are doing Lisa & stay strong
Yeeesssss!!!! CLOSER
Type yes to share the love
This movie is a favorite of mine
Tu penseras plus rien
All I want is happiness for my friends and family
iloveyou always and forever
so proud of Elliot
Mean to me and I mean it.
::
Thank you
W/ 1 of two
ready for tomorrow
Thank you baby
Happy Birthday in advance
Te amo eres el mejor
Such an amazing song
The best!!
Congratulations honey
Many many more milestones to come
Pawi lahat ng problem just being with the right person
I love this
I love God bless him!! And all of us!!
Tell me something
What is more genius than child's laughter
Are with not simply the children of this world!!
LOL Ms. Pam Grier is so funny and down to earth her
Church with the fam
Good Morning from Sasha
Sunday's Best
Just saw this, thank you laur love you
I can't waittt. so excited and so proud of you guysss!!! love u lots
already like the tweet sweetheart. Thanks though haha
Im really proud with our one and only leader This guy really talented
Andre fvcking Gomes best. must watch for me.
Thank you bb
Amo Thiago
You are the cause of my Euphoria
Good Morning Hope your day is as beautiful.
I won the mornings.
goals
thank you Mandy and all the rest of the BG HQ for putting a great day together . It was truly an incredible! Thank you guys
Turkey
third wheel lang po ako
%
Omg beautiful zo and dog too
Thank you
Harry puta
No need to thank me sweetheart
Yieee thank you po sir
So sorry love. All will be alright
Stray Kids makes us STAY. love you
Open BOOKING
ID :
Area : JOGJA
EXPO :
BBW Lovers
More info cek bio!
DM
I CANT WAIT
Thank you
I laughed so much in a long while. Happiest Birthday A and ditto wish as Deesee
YASSS It's time for a great show 98BabiiDre:Goodmorning everybod
Tee amooo tanto hermosa !
Thank you so much
Support support!!! May game uli ang Team Phoenix sa Wednesday lamnyonayan!
quero
have a safe trip Sayonara see you again after a years
No. 5 so true
No. 6 YYYEEEESSSH! FOOD IS GLORIOUS!
Instagram Feliz dia mami
Gente a um anjo.
I Love You.
+ vav thank you for making us (vampz) happy! we love youuu
Gracias ahora si me llegaron
%
STAYS ARE GOING TO GET THAT ROTY AWARD FOR YOU
I love it when smiling like that. Fab little trio
Beaut! very nice armpit as well
Hon United
Fantastic giveaway
I aspire to be so set in life that i can do this
Always a fan of but now that I'm watching on Netflix I'm an even bigger fan of Justin Johnson.
My mood waiting so excited
My best friend really is going vegetarian to help raise money for cancer research with me making my heart happy
Such a fun weekend reconnecting with everyone!
Oslob trip with team Skwaa Oslob, Cebu
love trading bookmarks with you
Morning
Blessings
sweet. i'm crying. you all are the best one!
I survived the first semester bc of uuu, thank you for being my inspiration!! Uy woooow!! I appreciate u
Thank you for Paris
I love it!
Aaaa cutee I want one too
happy birthday b , thank you for everything love you
You are an inspiration to this Buckeye fan. Thanks for sharing your story.
hopefully you'll find the one and get a wonderful wedding with all the people that you both care about! wishing you this
Thank you G
Thank you baby
I will forever treasure these two special people in my heart.
Have A Wonderful Day
My BadAss Artist Love
You
tae and hobi for visiting us on vlive! it was nice seeing you guys
NAAAAMMMJOOOOONNNNN!!!!! N A M J
Appreciation tweet for i love you po
Merci !
5:00 pm
You did well boys!
been a while
Stray Kids make me STAY too.
Alexis sky fine as shit
Hi Hun, hope having a nice chilled out Sunday
%
Happy Birthday Carrie Fisher There are a million reasons why I love you. Wish you were still here...
Thanks for
Sobre a noite de onnnnntem
6: Data, Ego, and the Search for Truth with ProfitWell on
That smile man
Congratulations to tou successful showcase
HAPPY 1ST MONTH TO MY BABY NEPHEW YIYI LOVE YOU SO MUCH ALREADY Wish you always stay healthy and be a
Kapoya maghimog questions sa cc oy thank youuuu sa effort hehe
Ilyboth
Hi, u deserve someone nga e love ka the same way na imo siyang gi love be happy cos u deserve it God bless!!
I will
Congratulations you deserve it all
HAHAHA MY CUZ AND HER FRIEND IS SO CUTE YA ALLAH
1 thing.. 2 say.. 3 words.. 4 youuuu lol I loooove youuu
Thorough cleaning while Joe serenades me in the background
Amo
Celebrate every single day just because you can.
Lo amoooo!!! Figthing
honestly the most beautiful human ever met I love you
Indonesia
Bom diazinho, que se fala
5:06
Alhamdulillah
Vibes
Same, I love that part
Love you
aw
It would mean a lot to me if you would read this. so proud of you guys!
Thoughts about Jenesis sobrang taray ng mukha but one of the sweetest and kindest person na nakilala ko
; if you fail, stand up. restart your life with a great smile, and deal with it again.
Hmph unacceptable! jk have a fun time away!
the 27th, my husband is the 20th, my dad is the 2nd. the best month
y'all doin great sweeties
sdv fcs
hopefully we're reunited this year
thank you very much for all the sweet and not-so-sweet birthday greetings i love you all you made my day complete yieee
Happy Sunday
About last annual waltz event
TE AMO
You will always be worth it. 143432,
Boa viagem amores show pra vcs
18 octobre : chantant en acoustique lors de son show pour Radio Disney LA ! (1/2)
get voting for his performance last night was amazing.. his voice is
So get your phones
Never a dull Sunday with mini NOVA
sundays with them are always the best
Open BOOKING
ID :
Area : JOGJA
EXPO : Bali 22-29 OKT
BBW Lovers
More info cek bio!
I made this drawing for & ,
I hope you like it !!
Devil Gxxod (1) Good Night
-
Sketch preview
I loveeee when he sings so good thanks doll! Have a great Sunday!!
Thank you cousin
I Amtrak and riding up and down the coast on the Pacific Surf Liner always makes my heart happy
So much by Filipinos Mader Sitang, The truest beauty Godbless your good heart.
Happy Birthday my Quail be healthy okay? so proud of you always enjoy your day! See you soon my Quail
this makes me nervous, Danny + Kellie for best partnership & Danny for best actor... thank you
pulaknya isokay then hopefully you'll get all of the things that u want in ur life ur wc dear
Happy birthday
Thank you
Loved a movie won my heart
Well done sir & madam
Walk by faith not by sight
Just in time for The Master Rapper's birth month!
Love this
Ayer me acorde mucho de ti
It was worth it tho
Yes super chill lang. Walang pressure na "dapat sweet kayo". Very natural And that makes them so sweeeet :'>
5 hours of worship.
This Is AAAMMMAAAZZZIIINNNNGGGGG!! Definitely one with Hiccstrid or Hiccup and Toothless.
Kiss and make up
sang happy birthday to my dad and gave him his presents he started crying
Ehehehe, so cute!
On a world full of bad stuff, this is good stuff
Turned 21 last weekend! Thankful for all the warm wishes and lovely gifts! Village Hotel Bugis
Very happy birthday to my lovely mum with love and kisses from you son I only have one mum so I cherish
you're cute
Everything will be okay, friends. Trust the man above
Cooked early for my love
Breakfast is readyyy for tomo
Hey George
doing a video reaction when the ep comes out
Done and dusted! Thanks for all the support, well wishes and donations so far. Much appreciated
Keep
This
I didn't like deezer at alll
Anghami will remain my best
OP9
Happy birthday to the prettiest girl i love you so much walahy ya habebty
Madison Montgomery
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH
You have to love this!
So I'm just watching a movie rn
What is everyone doing today????
Hope your having a great day guys
just wanted to come on here and say happy birthday to my best friend in the whole wide world. love you tammy.
Thanks babe for the support!!! Make sure you come see me once I reveal it
Expose me to some new people God! Some new moneyyyyy, new talents new mindsets.
Gracias
thanks fie you're ruining my bad mood I need for this guy
Missing these two (and Charlie). See you soon,
RT = FUNDS FOR THE SKULL TROOPER
7 WINNERS LEFT
FOLLOW & KinggJayyy_
MUST SUB TO
Gilda
this kinda vibes
Sengil chukahamnida uri Mbin
Yes!!! I am loving this show, and now THIS!!! I LOVE John Stamos!! I cannot wait to watch tonight!
Here Is the Our Little Princess Birthday CDP & Tag !
Keep tweets & Our
follow me please
Pink Floyd Lyric Book
nyc nyc nyc. we miss you
It's been a while, I missed you in my notifications
Hometown groove
UniMusicIreland: Maroon5 has us bopping around the place
With glasses
You truly are
A very happy birthday to you, my dear friend.
Deepika Ranveer wedding announcement and just done watching Deepika on Koffee with Karan
I love this woman
Ty god, the god will back coming soon. MATERIAAAAL
open your front door and check
2018 AMF
presenting an award at Wembley.
.
It just makes for the best type of love
Our Prince
anna's
Lil Princess
Turns 5
Lefter Kadar
I love you Snow
"Shivi shivi shivi!!"
: Shivi's Instagram
Queda 1 hora... Mi
for sure.
just so married
Everyone knows I ship them like crazy so much that I call them real
the feeling is mutual sis
Racinglife NSU TTS
27 Loring Street - Lowell, Massachusetts
Work at Home with Amazon: Hiring Remote in Most States
If helps make piroshki you know they're going to be amazing
Yeah, God Bless America
To my bebes! You three always have a special place in my . I love you three . To more years for us!
Thank you!! I took so much time straightening my hair
But it looks good too
3 sets dm to claim
Nicki is not wear glasses
Stop chasing the cheers of others. Chase what matters.
The impossible comes true! Watch us tomorrow ppl!
Work Hard
Pray Hard
Amaka visuals ft
Official Pics n video loading.. Meanwhile enjoy
a little glimpse of feeldog x color live - all i need really
(from insta!)
Your renders are adorable~
you're trying your best
The best celeb couple not only in India.. But in the whole universe. The best ever.........
Your baby boy
So excited im actually going to get my arse in gear and start studying for my dream job... I'm doing a online
is now online
ooownnn
Tap for our 16th winner from 17!
This will warm your. The best thing to emerge from the cesspool of Twitter today . . . probably all week.
Thank you, thank you
Meysulao, Bulacan, Philippines
Wonderful people! you agree? and
100 for the king
Awwwww My Rockstar on Small Screen.
My One and Only reason to watch Sun TV
Christopher de talentoso um ser humano
We know it! Come see for yourself! We promise to put a smile on your face and your heart!
im about to do it
Wow Now that's somewhere I'd to live
100000000000000000000 yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh proud
Wow Now that's somewhere I'd to live
God is able to do just what he said he would do. give up on him because he give up on you.
at least we're cute
Lovely!!
TT I really love you !
Thank u
still obsessed with solo too
Yesterday Ahad and Sajal for me and today deepveer for us. Touchwood
I wait until I get a regular 9-5 doing something that I love
no
7,500
The World of Tim Burton
It just described as I feel as well
YAS! See you tomorrow, bebes!
Lefter
Bae drove down last night and it made everything that was wrong, suddenly feel just fine
Minha princesa
Amo muito
obrigada fada
Te amo
From underdog team not win but the best result for fans
Thank you for all fans
Get well soon
I this Tweet.
Awwww... thanks
My most favourite song in the world
listening to trivia:love just relaxing vibing living my best life feeling
Moonlight was so great
RT Type yes to share the love
Dear cute worker thank you for complimenting my hair and for being cute
We should start a crowd funder for you, dear.
I killed some more of these yesterday...
I may have a bit of a crush on
Thanks cousin
belum sempat abis movie, tapi takpalah i still love you
i wait for hear!! love youuu
Good night ahgase
GOT7
im so soft for yeo one uwu
so adorable
Miss you all
.@spadersexual I love you.
Blessed Up Much love 4LIFE is our Life
36th Century VK
Open BOOKING
ID :
Area : DEPOK-JAKARTA
EXPO : Bogor 20-21 OKT
BBW Lovers
More info cek
wedding coordinator ako ah
Never sis. Forever and a day more.
Very true
They are so beautiful
Thanks for reading MC.
Thanks, ate!
Big shoutout to and for the GB
you guys
Harry and Amber are rl like family even after all these years :')
Patiently waiting for my baby to come home.
chato tu kkkk
My second fam
Adjust where you want the flowers !!! Once done then hit save
):
That's because we want all the best for you
Hanbin's birthday and Monsta X Comeback. What a great day to be alive!!!
headed back to nyc today
there is time for everything. slow down.
and that's why i tell you the truth
Happy birthday!! Miss you
this daddy i would marry to serve for the rest of his days
Rose gold pink and grey 8x10 set Dm if like this set
Complementary
The reason kung bakit babad ako sa youtube lol
Happy 4years and 1month of friendship babe ugh! Tatag natin hahahaha.
10/21
i love you thank you for your hard work!
Glad to hear that this was good for you
The days that break you are the days that make you.
Hi cdsjdm peeps, miss u ol. Labyu, always.
Eu me tornei essa mulher
Always welcome
forget to dress up for Red Ribbon Week!
Np messed up couple times tho, done better but not the worst
No gadam a nim jest
May bago na kong crush after 4 years HAHAHAHAHA
No temporary shit ... I need my dawg to be my dawg forever
Yo a ustedes
i swear the next person i give my heart to must seek Him first bc im tired of everyone :))) He holds my heart now so it's all good
Hahahaha thanks for the support!
Happy Birthday, hope u have a very happy day!!!!!!
Thank you for all
de la madre ma! mucho!
Happy Day mum! Love you so much!
.
.
.
.
Vinicius merece
Sending you all the best vibes I can. So sorry for your loss
that's my baby
thank you Ari!
YOU are a masterpiece. Thank you for joining us at the Hayes
I love the way you shine tonight baby
Thanks gurl
Le llamamos lealtad TE AMO
Amo vcs
Love this.
Lovely how you do it!!
Good morning, Krissie! Happy Sunday, game day! A 1:00 kickoff!! We have to wait all day
How sweet is that! Whatever works
My precious
22 hari lagi
And he swallowed
Hehehe... I Knew A Song Is Going To Come In The End...
Indeed A Musicholic
Thank You Soo Much Brother...
Love Me Right such a bop
Derartu's dress is all hearts to all and middle finger to hate preacher Love it.
I
Vai T-rex
Siii
I think the weight is 7lb and the height is 21 inches. Ps I love you and I wait to see the new princess
Open BOOKING
Ready VCS
ID :
ID :
Area : BEKASI
EXPO :
BBW Lovers
More info
favorite
36th ODI Ton Hungry For Century
Chase Master
I see a on this tweet
thank you
TE AMO
always have the best time with u.
An evening watching this is happiness!!!
Good Morning Argo and Savannah!
& Jus like that he scored another ton He is special..You know it, I know it, THE WORLD KNOWS IT Well Played Champ
You feeling better today George?
Me too
Good night sleepyhead! Sleep well! And take care tomorrow okay. Hahaha Goodnight boo, i missed you.
Take
granted my long term wish
My she Rest In Peace
Open BOOKING
ID :
Area : OTISTA JAKTIM
EXPO :
BBW Lovers
More info cek bio!
DM
She is so Fine!
Amazes me everyday
Takutnya ada breast cancer kak ana please stay strong for ur kids. Afiya still baby and need ur love. Please stay healthy kak ana
Very glad you were born, my friend
Love matcha
She also capitalized the word 'begin' on her post which is a hint
Thanks for sharing! We really need to see this, warms my Bless them!
just showing off now young Terry!
Sunday FunDay
Ay gracias beba
Aww that's cute
Hit bcoz bored ya know
Ah awesome group!!! Hope we'll see some Masters coming out soon!!
Scheene war's... Toskana Therme Bad Sulza
appreciation post
my mom, aAaAaA anak mo ba talaga ako?
25 purrfectly natural reasons to love | 7. Your likes to keep you on your toes. Tonight, she'll
HA STRAND SHIRT
thanks baby, i love you!
Love this
Why so damn sexy Quail? Happy Birthday
Dropping 12p EST. Link will be in my bio!
So so sorry sweet girl. I know how heartbreaking it can be. Sending you love
Who cares, as long as you have a good soul! what matters most
Love
Thanks Fran.
Will always listen, till the day I die
36 for the Run Machine!
Thank Lord !!!!!! all for u !!!!! Huhu
Out of words ...36 already.. Jeez wat a guy Virat KING Kohli
I love u baby
YAY I'M SO PROUD OF YOUUU. te amo xx.
36th ODI for My Man
Exam day yesterday Going to miss spending my weekends with these wonderful & inspiring ladies but so excited
since then mylove
Of course, be happy to give you the words that comes to me.
Chill time with Tilly
Nd gut
Another beautiful day in the eyes of the lord!
Mestre Chico!
God bless her unconditional love
Your cat!
Keep being you, love
My coworker's mom make the best samosas! I'm addicted!!
Morning
Hello
Such a beauty she
Watch LIVE here
I see you posting that picture with the armband. I respect it bro. My captain
I love you
- ate alice, boomies, God
Chanyeol + Iced Americano is
AKU HARAP WAKTU NI AKU ADA DEKAT KL PASTU AKU TERSEREMPAK DGN BAS NI PASTU TIME TU PULAK BIRTHDAY AKU AWWW
So wonderful to start are day with a Bull Giraffe & in the Mara! With
Wow another from 36th one
I'm rooting for you and I'm so glad that you like blackpink
Good night Armys and only
Malibu Nights anjingkiwingki
-
-
-
thisislany
Not to be dramatic, but I would literally die without my best friend
Fancy Drill
I cannot get enough of you. You fill my heart with so much joy, Hannah Brown. Thank you for the person you are.
Frank Sinatra- "It had to be you" via
i love u munchkin
Lots of love for our boysss
seriously like some of priyank fans savage baby
Girl
I just wanna say that my niece has the coolest name ever!
Kimberly MaryJane Cusch (Kush)
True story
Bu ve hepsi
dean dobbs really be out here
/\
|
/ \
Thank youuu gabbyyyy !!!!
belated happy berthday bub
Sister from another mister
Kohli is aesthetically pleasing to watch.
Kanang gnahan nami mo stop butttt the advices sa mga pipol mka touch thanks for the support
Raise them up Abundant Faith Christian Center
Namaste - the God in me greets the God in you.
TI AMO
Open BOOKING
ID :
Area : SURABAYA
MILF Lovers
More info cek bio!
DM
I must have this.... try to replace things lost in the flood
This man melts my heart I swear, I want to marry him. Describe about him, he is such sweetheart and great man who I love.
I must have this.... try to replace things lost in the flood
YA
omg no way i had a necklace that said i nick j
THIS is unity in action!
so blessed with my baby, I love him so much
Love your toes babe just let me cum in it ummmmmaahhh
Haan yaar sru ka achha khasa round round hai i love them
Sirf
Ly
It was a thing of beauty & lots of amazing things were lined up for that sweet young man, Tyler
What a player that man is!
Thank you very much for your big help Have a nice day no prob! :)
YAS YAS YASSSS THE KING FOR YOU ALL!!!!
congratulations CHEEKU
a legend !!! Miss her so much.
Love tka bsan di ta okay iloveyou babe forever
Just googled images of were u are looks beautiful
and RT
monthsary natin today fyi, kahit d naman tayo nag gaganon HAHAHA
Happy wedding anniversary Sevii i love watching your photos/videos of it.. you were the most beautiful bride
Love this
Yes, your health is the most important, rest well, and comeback when you feel better. Anyway, i'll always wait for you
Breakfast Sandwiches I made it
Only a
hope for the best for them. charmelet
Love yourself, hon.
thank you for not blaming the victims like most people do.
It means a lot.
My platonic love
Te amo mucho
[Jin twitter ]
Este hombre es perfecto
Have a good day
they are always there for each other
Woahh! Congraats
is trending at 1st place
Stay strong hun, you can get through it! here if you need me. Sending lots love n hugs
naraid66
w0itxo@1liyb
I love Dirk so much
They it. a professional nature photog so seems like a perfect fit!
Loves of my life
Cant describe how much i love this little liar
Sending healing thoughts, Jen
I know I deserve more than this
WATCH ATENEO BLUEREP'S CARRIE
Opo May date pa kasi ako with my HS Beshie e. Till next time
I like your hair cut
Eu amo chocolate
To win the lottery so I can pay of my school debt and take care of my babies
JunFeel
Happy Birthday have a sick one with Fredgend. All love bro
Kash ye bigboss12 Khatam n Ho... Or u apka didar ka Safar chalta rahe...
Narancia walks the same way as okuyasu in the fighting gold op! so cute!
If someone would like to bring me some coffee at work be
SAYANG..... so proud of you
Eyyyy go follow
AYIEEEE KUNWARI KINILIG AKO ILOVEYOUUU BUDD
(consistent)
Loving me i wanna fuck myself at times
%
Kings
Candid photos to capture sweet moments are always the best
I know how it feels, Been there too.
Congratulations Ayesha so happy for you
Fighting for your next project
Shout out to these lovely people for giving me a night full of laughter and happiness
you deserve it
36th Odi ton for Virat Kohli
No 1 Odi batsman for a reason
False. So incredible false
Dropping 12p EST. Link will be in my bio! All love
RT = FUNDS FOR THE SKULL TROOPER
7 WINNERS LEFT
FOLLOW & KinggJayyy_
MUST SUB TO
Have A Wonderful
Sunday Gary
Ehehehe
I love you
Rasu! Thank you my friend.
the challenge with love, you have to keep loving anyway regardless of what u get in return
SIEMPRE TE ESPERAMOS ES TE AMAMOS. ESTAMOS
Not sure what it was but so happy you have each other.
The way Amari stares at me really tingles my heart
Thank you my friend. Thank you for sharing yours at It was very relatable and resonated heavily with me.
OMG.... I LOOOOVE this!!!!!
WERE AMAZING, LOVE THEM SO MUCH
Gabriel Family
Love suga
18 octobre : chantant en acoustique lors de son show pour Radio Disney LA ! (2/2)
Happy Birthday Ma!!!
Thank you lord for another day
happies birthday to you, my love
Always We got you!!
LOVE IT and certain someone will be over the moon to see YOU and little Zoe
Thank you, tin!!! Shine, as well!
Assalam U Alaikum guys
Follow her
She is so nice
Hijaaban hain MashaAllah
Interact b krti
Preciate it my brother
Abhi tou start kara hai parhna that to frm besabriyan will soon read them one by one
And let him lead us on the righteous path
ikr. me too heard he spoiling Rina so much and he's always a mama boy
u gotta love yourself
I had the pleasure to be part of Malin & Patrik's big day. A wonderful day with lots of love and laughter.
I'm
Hey please never diet again you are bautiful as you are
Yes yes yes
Thanks & for GB
Parker
Valentine
This year you're mine WAlfartish!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Congratulations Grandma
hhhh. i've heard that a lot too! i d-don't know how to get the girls.
Superior ship as always since sixteen
Sana: couple
Tzuyu:
Nothing much to say. No captions needed. I love this. I LOVE YOU.
Spike for the Crown! Michelle Gumabao
So sorry to be but only 11 months until I get to be your wife (@DominicJames_)
Hello Bobby. Been a while my friend
Happy anniversary baby I love u so much 2 years :)
Thanks for coming Mark! We had the best day and hope you did too xxx
Vote & join Salman's official Instagram and Facebook if you haven't already done so & want to support him!!! He
Kale!
I love your account Omg thank you
THANK YOU!!!!
That's the we miss!
MashaAllah we have Allah us
Thank you for today, this was absolutely amazing
cut my hair at the end of May, growing beautifully
Make your happiness as u want
When everything is falling apart God has your best interest in heart
Ahu thank yoooou bb
sorry for your loss :( Sending my condolences to you and your family, stay strong
AIN GENTE VC QUE RAINHA
A mi mamucha y a todas las
I love this guy
That laugh
Great
11:11 health, happiness, safety, prosperity, and success for and
Proud
11:11 the pure and genuine love and have for each other lasts forever and they stay together forever
11:11 more new songs written by and are released soon
11:11 I somehow get the chance to meet both and at once at some point this year
I didn't choose the tug life, the tug life chose me (59 Photos)
so blessed to have Matt in my life
11:11 an official studio recording of and duet version of Wings
Inktober Day 21 - Noppera-bo
spirited away doodle!
technically No-Face (Kaonashi) isn't really a Noppera-bo
Feliz dia
+2
Going home! (@ Concourse C in Atlanta, GA)
Well good morning New York, New York
you know
Happy belated birthday!! I hope you had a great one.
Happy Pastor's Appreciation
Acha .. thank u
H A P P I N E S S
I only have the t1story LS. I would love to have an ot5 con LS.
getting my tattoo and bottled up is playing, making my 6 hour sitting much better
Turma do Festa
sdv fcs
Family
I mean look them.
My grandma NEVER allows me to leave her house empty handed
Thank you!!
She has the purest heart
my poor baby boo bear, you don't deserve to be disrespected. you deserve all the love.
Makes sense since you have no one to talk to
Proof
Cool! Thanks for sharing!
I miss you lads
Omg both of our dads are in this pic!!
so blessed to have Matt in my life
Cutie Cutie Cutiepie
..
(Jana na dil se door ) on
..
iam_shivanisurve
The secret is God
tb;
random tag
one of the best stories from and perfect for this Sunday.
Congrats for your 36th ODI century
Congrats girl Now it gets difficult for me.. I'm a diehard fan. Good luck
I love my bby as much as I love fall & a lot.
Thank you celebrating friendship
Just dance
Simple joys of life
..
Love
"I belong to my beloved and my beloved is mine"
Love this
Pretty boy
Glad to see that people are still able to in MI in 2018! continues his political revolution.
thank you so much, ate
Happy birthday to my dawg Much love to a real one!
2018.10.21 DDT
MashaAllah
Maldives of Pizza Maldives or Pizza
Te amooo
And happy birthday for tomorrow to you too xxx
Thanks a lot ayyh
minha af
Reunited with my twin
In Him alone is our hope. In Him alone is our strength.
Thanks a lot ayyh
Omg ur so sweet:,) Love you so much Nick and HAPPY BIRTHDAY
My momma Asha is my heart
sending best wishes love :( here if you need anyone to talk to
Oxeeee
Be REAL. Always.
Awwwww thank you bessy i miss our after-work chikahan. Hoping to see u soon kapag di ka na masyado busy miss you!!!
Aamin bro. God bless us
LOS QUIERO LO HICIERON
Minhas
IT IS TIME !
DEAN
CODY
Nk video full pakcik lancap ?
Brotherhood !
Bus Palladium
The Besttttt!
what I look forward to every week
Happy Anniversary
hoping for the best. help me, G
Amen to that
Thanks though dude
With the main Atombar
RT = FUNDS FOR THE SKULL TROOPER
7 WINNERS LEFT
FOLLOW & KinggJayyy_
MUST SUB TO
HAHAHA shout out tfc subscriber!
Thank you so much no its okay its been years tho but it still kinda in my head cause when my dad
My aunt said this to me after church last Sunday & it almost made the both of us cry
My favourite person see you next year
theses are the best wishes thanks nelly
This by
Sometimes you will never know the value of a moment until it becomes a memory
feeling blessed at
Why a pizza delivery man drove more than 200 miles to deliver a pie - News
Thank you everything. I love you.
yo please try make the next manchester show a saturday so i can meet
25. DONGHYUCK mark n yukhei
26. only jls n shawn mendes
Thank you sweetheart xx
Have all a beautiful Sunday
Hello to your PumpkinPants from mine! He's a gorgeous boy
Hannie the results are trueee~~
Which Seventeen Member Are You? via
fanmade poster
waiting
:- AminzBlackdot
Thank you sweet heart love you dear friend x
Pls come Sheffield on Sunday so you get to see and meet me and Han x
Iloveyoutoo kahit scammaz ka
legit guy, vouch
Bianca you are the sweetest
Thanks
Happy 19th Birthday! thank u
my bias in one picture
Vai ficar tudo bem com a senhora
Thanks though Gina ! Miss you love you too
Classically
Omg! Pwede na me deds haha. Thank you crush
thank u
Pleasure mam (crush)
Thankyou for believing on stray kids! Thankyou for making them debut.
Thanks for ur's support
They keep me alive. I love you sooo muuuchhh! More than anyone and anything in this world.
Super game MD today.. both of them keren!! Ga nyesel nyimpen di memori
Bonito tu
eu amo eternamente
Happy Birthday love ... Thank youu
Thankyou! Ni baju bisa buat saya dipuji pakek emoticon
This is a great idea
He made everything special
Enjoy the trip Goddess
imagine Wang Family Yy Daughter Didi
Love always finds it way home
Octavia misses me I miss my baby too
8lbs 21 inches
we're always here for uuu
okay, the leafs will be fine
Red like my blood running through my veins and my heart
Mi sol de atardecer
Thanks sooo much my Lord
No comment
Thank you sir
Mary McCullough Beach love our friendship
Bedtime in our 6-bedroom in !!!! More pics and vids in the morning fam good night!!!
Great incredible specials: .Com, .Org. awesome
She sees the brightest ray of sunlight in any given situation
This just made my morning!
Drop a "" if you Love me.
Drop a "" if you Like me.
Drop a "" if you have Crush on me.
Drop a "" if you Enjoy
awee cutie yunhyeong
When getting that money keep your dat zeze shit that what I mean
IS IN THE HAIR ON THEA HAIR STYLE IN 10 SHADES Try it here:
thank youuu
Tag a dad to let him know that he is doing a great job
Products shown: ANTI-COLIC 260ML / 8OZ
thank you kacutiesweetiebabygurl godbless you
an answered prayer!! haay
is 1 forever.
Como Dash o como Jeff, eres el best.
I love uuu
Thanks a lot ayyh
It's better to give than to receive
Black girl magic! You guys are amazing
A year ago vs A year later
My throwback games
I need a dedicated coffee and treats Slave message me x
!!
18 octobre : chantant en acoustique lors de son show pour Radio Disney LA ! (1/2)
Discolamon by: Banda ni Kleggy
I love you so fucking much
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
anyways HAPPY BIRTHDAY JESSICA rest in heaven beautiful & happy birthday to her daughter jamoni
/ |
/ /
/
/_/
I'm so in my head
I adore you
IS IN THE HAIR ON BENSON 5 HAIR STYLE IN 10 SHADES Try it here:
Listening to Never Stop. I love hearing you sing this song! It makes my heart so happy!
Successfully4 years completed and many more to come !
Beloved Respected
Pratap Sarnaik Saheb
Black Leopards
Camden Market
Sounds perfect and enjoy your day
Damn Jess! Love this!
forever my baby boyssss
Happy Sunday to you, too!
I miss you
that video
Gracias Mati
21.10.2018 Great Project BD For KristPerawat
What is my honey doing right now? see
So probably more like 8 hours, but yeah. fine.
Courage toi
Linda digs: Magical shit shit Astrology to Geology, Naturism, Love
im so sorry for your lost , sending you and your family my dearest condolences, in my heart
...!!
Hit for more winning Inplay tips
HOY ANDITO SI JUNG HAE IN SA PRISON PLAYBOOK!!!
Dvine brothers- walk away
I had a beautiful dream, in my dream I got to see BTS live at a concert I really hope and wish that one day I get to see my boys
I gotta figure out what Ima wear on dag on Monday although I think I got a pretty good idea May uumm got dag
seriously thank you for being so respectful with the you questions thank me please
Take a bow King Kohli for his 36th ODI century
Matching outfits
(And eyes according to her )
Loved meeting her. She's such a nice person..
Take me back to the night we met
aunty
How are you ?
It's almost your day, Hanbinie!!
Love u bb
It did. Thank you.
IS IN THE HAIR ON KELLY HAIR STYLE IN 10 SHADES Try it here:
Damascus -Syria Having a great time in the oldest capital in the world
Tired of it?
Need your life back?
Hope!
give up!
chat!
...This is my season for grace and favor. This is my season to reap what I have sown.
im fcking crying rn.
appreciation tweet for this girl, Thank u sa ni-dm mo, napaka helpful.
love me some
Eu te amo
Obg mb, tbm te amo
These looks are SO gorgeous, you will want to get married now!
thank you
Elephants are one of my top favorite animals because of all the love and sympathy they carry in their hearts
Here we go again dear
Sending you love and happy anniversary please give up, we need you.
This is beautiful
happy birthday brodie.
Threesome Birthday Present
Congratulations
I this enough times
Thank you so much Ali, we will see ;) good luck today
Congratulations on your Blessing
The girls won best group! They're getting the recognition they deserve! So proud
My friends are so beautiful Masha Allah@Ayesha_saulawa
The old is gold , to see u with cup my champion nabi
My everything
sweetest cy
Eu amei ontem, e eu amo
Another One Design
|
Happy birthday Princess Aaru
Amor meu
LLEGO LA NUEVA DE SOMOS TIENDA VIRTUAL SOLO TRABAJAMOS CONTRAENTREGA
Queen of Diamonds earring ready to come out and play, loving this fall coat from shoplarmoire not ready to
Waiting game.
this floral dress and sneakers ensemble
(@ Plus+ in Jabriya, Hawalli)
One for the gram
condolences to you and your family, tasha. hope you stay strong
Vayan a darle muchos corazones al vlive del preview por favor.
Now THIS is AMERICA
My little man
He is bigger than football gladly accept the loss so he can experience the win!
Por supuesto! Very thanks!
COSITA LINDA COSITA HERMOSA TE AMO
So glad our birthdays are so close soul sista
CONGRATS!!!! ILY
Thank you bro, appreciate it.
Give Me a Chance 2nd win!! Congrats
Waking up to this
A $500,000 mansion for a dog? Crazy or true love?
Century no. 36 for
for reason
Can gets double hundred today
What a title of this song?
Semangat ya
Answered prayers
Issokay ! I hope you find one it took you alot courage to do that im proud
Happy Birthday! I wish you all the best in life
after seven (ish) long months i finally get to say.....see you today
Caleruega Church
Love mo ba ang LM Warriors?
Well thank you for giving my Sunday meaning
Thank you
at
Such a beauty she
Watch LIVE here
Hourly Jonathan
so cuuute good night love
I'll take the 18+ version please
my boyfriend is making some power moves at Rackham Golf Course!
Love
friends especially
Cuddling with him is the best feeling in the world
LA UNO
Thank you for all the work you do I hope the sheep recovered successfully xxx
I miss a lot
210718 ~ 211018 3 months passed please come again
I saw this quote and thought of you
little mix just won best british im so proud of them
King Kohli complete
Valentine
This year you're mine hjordis_ylva!
And you, whom will be yours?
Won't get tired listening to Bella's lullaby
Ty
LLEGO LA NUEVA DE SOMOS TIENDA VIRTUAL SOLO TRABAJAMOS CONTRAENTREGA
Day with the weans watching Coco
I hope okayy.
Ahhhhhh Obrigada
I was ia these days and I didn't realize you're back! I'm so happy to see you on my tl again
Speaking words of wisdom tapos pina reggae version da best
Clue won! We will be adding it to the podcast calendar! Thank you for voting!
crying this is adorable
Girl you better!! Congrats love!!
Thankyou soo much Saima I'm glad there's someone who can feel me. :')
World no. World No.
Go ate Michelle The whole Philippines is cheering you on
im so proud of you
Be kind to all life everyday. We all live together so we all should respect each other. We only have one world. keep it.
please, let this flop, thank you
[ 1 like = 2 facts]
And this is how Slayyyysss all his Scenes! ..Hardworking
We would like to introduce you to Tommy-James Cayde Franchetti so blessed born on 21/10/18 03:25 weighing
Valentine
This year you're mine onijew!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
I want to hug my baby
Another relatively quick for Day 12
Big it up for these gentle giants!
Actually cleaned up nice, not a thing I do for this beauty.
Chicken is better than that guy who said he would die for you.. tbh chicken died for you
Chicken is true love
Check this cutie out singing with
Recorded on
Wahhhh Nandamuri Family!! Babai with his abbailu!!
This is love
DAMN RIGHT HE DID!!!!! Congratulations . YOU DID IT!! got more charts to top!! Wait a
I can't put it on the line and that's okay
My co-Oreo buddy lover!!! Thank yes! To more God bless too jani
Let us make cookies for everyone. Let's not fight. Spread love and Coconuts. Mabuhay ang pilipinas.
SUERTE A TODOS LOS DE MONTERREY HOY
Thank you Docstache! So glad you got to be there with us!
My babies!! really Adelle?
Vote & join Salman's official Instagram and Facebook if you haven't already done so & want to support him!!! He
Love Marlene Sunday days
Buen
Thanks, girl.
Kdnfbffnfnd and you're my babe
i love you
Yuk di order 085371112456
MH CUTEST BABIE I LVOE YOU SO MUCH
i love you
When she cries cover by Mymp
I had the pleasure to be part of Malin & Patrik's big day. A wonderful day with lots of love and laughter.
I'm
Ur smart Tribe mate l love this
World wide handsome Jin
I'm glad everyone is safe and sound
ilysm
Outstanding artworks by
Comment below what you think about this dazzling artwork and double tap
Thanks babe
Magbabad sa hot shower after a stressful day
Sweet smile from Fukuhiro
Take care of yourself, friend
.
.
.
Thank you
Last RT.
shows the person cares so much, they speak to Allah about
BROKEN BEATS MIX 2017, by on 24/7 commercial free DJ Mixes
"I could spend hours
looking at you..
and your smile"
some things never change
I am so excited
Chanyeol Ig update
weareone.exo
Gooooodmorning
(Amor)
Of course always love you too
26. Wanna one world tour in manila
Bangkok, Thailand
I have loads of videos and pictures or Liam and little mix but a promo account and we will post when finished
Loving my makeup today
ily more
congratssss love!!
Can I order one hot choco please?
Shivi with aditi .... shivi is looking so cute in this dress
It's Gameday Maneee
Her innocent sparkle
Her soft heart
Everything about her
Is a work of art
tbh I dont only smile rn I got tears in my eyes ily
The end
Congrats Minions
Slept at 12:30 am then woke up around 4am. This fam will always be worth it.
Good luck for your future
first pic
This is so great
Still so proud of this day.
Thank you so much rina. email you now gonna be catching up with work this week but i'll reply asap
por isso q eu amo a Netflix
add a little more color to life! Join the community and meet up!
So bad yet so beautiful
A day with you two was so amazing day i ever have, i wish i can replays a day that i sit next to you two
I am Capricorn
shinee - replay
Thank you Lord for another day
All I want to do today is binge watch drake and josh I miss that show
Guy Gangbanged by Five TS Stars
another 1485 years is added to my lifespan after listening to real__pcy's voice
Liam, Zara, Little Mix salvando meu domingo
Just woke up with a big smile! So grateful for all the support you guys give and trust me we are only getting
Nice meeting you too po!!!!
Thank you Molly. This is the exact reason we do what we do.
lol love this
melhor sorriso
wow, so grateful
If I could do it all again
I know I'd go back to you, LU!
See you soonest LU.
So It was the year of 7-1
i'm so incredibly proud of you guys don't ever forget that stays love y'all
don't be homeless get a house live in it
***
To teach and to be reasonable yourself is not the same thing
Follow everyone who retweets and likes this
CONGRATULATIONS TO OUR BABY SHEEP MAKE IT WORLDWIDE SHEEPS
On verra je serais :(
LLEGO LA NUEVA DE SOMOS TIENDA VIRTUAL SOLO TRABAJAMOS CONTRAENTREGA
27. When its real by erin watts
Postato sul proprio della
The most beautiful &
Happy 400K followers here in twitter!
I badly need this. Thank you so muchhhh! Good night and sweet dreams
Sure
Mr. Style statement is here on
my hurt so good
Header Abstract Nature for
RT & MG is very appreciated!
this!
Km sehat terus ya iloveyu
Depuis toujours
Channa Mareya Bake time fun (made by
my heartttt!!!
13th
Beautiful
The boys left it all on the field yesterday, beating a good Midlothian team, 38-0. My had three
i love you beyond words can express dani ruth
Thanks and Same to you
Health camp by
Great work team kshamta
Always
Praying...
Please follow them, show your support and love. They were my friend when I had nobody else.
You matter, real, not a burden, and there are millions of us fighting for you
Health camp by
Great work team !
I wish everyone I've ever met on my journey nothing but peace and love Whether we separated on good, bad or
Hijiri & miyabi
I will forever be his number one fan
home sweet home finally
Health camp by
great work team!
My Flaws are Flawsome!
Pretty and pure soul. I wonder how can someone be so beautiful? Ilysm. I miss our shughal wala
actually so nice to see all my friends smile and be happy with me when I know they are all going through some tough times
fr so grateful to navigate this with u
Love you too
Amo oque oque amo
Now we have to take them and gonna cry
I love you, remember that
Fiesta
you guys this is gonna be a GREAT game 2 of my FAVE teams on
November 2nd!!!
thank you quizlet and brainly for getting me thru high school
Perfect Date Night
Dress is such a good song I've saying it since day one and I'm glad it's getting the recognition it deserves
Chanhee is my new bias
I do not fear because God is with me
Amazing!! She can sing anything!!
Glad you like it! Thank You so much!
Thank you too
sunday well spent
bAYBEH congratumalations im so happy for you !!! goodluck and i'll be here all the way
cheers boss , will see you soon brother
Happiness
I hope so, thank you
Choose self love! loveilluminator with get_repost
Love yourself!!! .
.
.
Woto phir hai na
Awesome!!! Girl Power
You should go to and eat tacos
You're kinda CUTE dear..
of my ED9
Morning
LLEGO LA NUEVA DE SOMOS TIENDA VIRTUAL SOLO TRABAJAMOS CONTRAENTREGA
Miss you buddy
Eu tenho amigas lindas, fogo
Always here if you need to talk brother stay strong
happy birthday love I hope you have a great day good luck for your exam
10-13-18
And u look super pretty
Awwwww
I love you
So thankful to get to witness this beautiful day! Congratulations again, love
Navya hugged me tight when I reach home my only reason to come back to Rajkot!
I can not believe how many views this has thank you to all of you beautiful people out there who have taken
So much love for this team! thank you
Chive U offers full-ride to Mia from SDSU (30 Photos)
Find your worth within yourself Villa Escudero
gxtor op
Thanks for all the support on this guys
it will one day
Thank you for work hard uri HANDSOME
allll you
On now
Necesitamos 15 Rt para entrar a la
Rt se Agradece
s h a r p t e e t h
Got inspired by Kirishima's sharp teeth
(I still have to practice)
Always such a joy to watch you guys dance!
Sachin - Ganguly
GOAT
You have one thing to do today ... take a pic with and thanks
Amo demais
Got back from Paris yesterday and now I need a vacation from my vacation. Amazing city!
more than proud
First time ko magvolunteer! ^^ All for EXO na naman peg ko. HAHAHAHAHA. Thank you din.
meet ver!!
thankyou for this ga!!
I love Drake I would go see him in concert again!!
Beginning to think opposites attract
They shud be so lucky to receive it from
Harry and Meghan caught up with Ryan after the race he got a full circle
thank you so much!
This no dude! He is BROTHER NATURE!
Bruno Mars at Nissan Stadium
they always give the best stages all 7 of them worked so hard
Sunday morning mood.
i love this man w. everything in me
Followback min
Amari, JB
Again... what a gift are you !
Happy birthday to my aunt alice hope you enjoy your day we love you~
really her bestie guys , let her fool
Thank you love you too
That love, what I feel for someone right now. YAS THATS LOVE!
Un amour cette fille merci pour tout !
Que dia
I love you both and . Stay grounded and genuine.
Chaplin
Mori Building
I love that he loves to read.
Thanks for the & RT, Frank! Go to I wrote some of the arrangements in
Enduring and Enjoying Singleness
LLEGO LA NUEVA DE SOMOS TIENDA VIRTUAL SOLO TRABAJAMOS CONTRAENTREGA
always.
hello i cant describe how much i love and appreciate lee ji eun as an artist and especially as a person thank you
When u truly in love .. One is enough...
Love ko to
Happy Birthday
actually so nice to see all my friends smile and be happy when I know they are all going through some tough times
Taylor Swift to me is the best way to get my life together and be happy with my beautiful human being lol
cava theo ?
I hope you're okay love sending virtual hugsss
i so luv my family
No Bhai really I mean it
Thank You for 4k Followers! You guys support on this journey has been amazing! Thank you once again
Kiss me harder, princess..
Thank youuu
this is amazing
This one is for the boyfrend.
"Boston & St. John's" - Great Big Sea
What a special message! Love and humanity wins over sports always!
I love the fact that I can always count in you guys for a good chuckle.
Makasih loh yg udh buat playlist nya d youtube
Lagu sblm tidur bangetttttt
with Aditi OMG they look so gorgeous cuties together when they come together they
ifb follow first
Working on it
Thanks thanksss
Happy fricken bday to 1/3 of the OG3 love you lots and thank you for being my bestie enjoy this thread
You're one of a kind special J
Happy 40th Birthday You deserve the best, and I hope your day is amazing!!
Leon is here too
Tell me a story?
I just want to snuggle with my cat
Grab your rod, it's fishing time! (30 Photos)
Ang solid and sobrang powerful ng preaching tonight
Simpson na fox
BLACKPINK
are my favorite with my family
Ang daming first time naexperience sa Bolinao trip na to
A new bud called Filo!
We found them exploring the forests in The Dusty Spring!
sani and i have made a friend
Proud of yoy my baby!!! Grandwinner cutest baby
Nagadvance na ako bumati kase ya know im soooooo excited hihihi
Happy birthday
"I didn't clip her wings."
We need more fathers like you
Thank you!!!
if you felt safer there, definitely go back if you can! you deserve to feel safe!
cried. :((
Thank you po pastor and deac
This song never gets old
I'm in with classic silhouettes like this one. How can you go wrong with a classic slip dress cut in satin? lol
ifb
Thank you
Worth the win Mamu Next movie pleaseeee!
I thought the Dragos occupiedthe moon. Fascinating.
Congrats for awesome performances Do take a rest too. You did great!!
Fighting for everything i'm here beside you alway
In Tiffany Young
I love
I support
I trust
Imysm
It is amazing I love that the parents are getting involved now
Hello u cute Hiii, really??? Thank you!
The best gift I believe
Keep the faith.
just enjoying his day huh?? Lol I love it
Love your new toy! Best mascot ever! Spend more time in 116 next game!
Thank you my love!!
youre amazing. I love you so much and see you tomorrow
Only have to wait a week to see my lovelies n I wait
An Angel with wings
They absolutely smashed it guys definitely tune in!
It was amazing to see you, you were amazing. I love you!
Thank you!
Have you heard by real__pcy on you must heard it
Done
6 years of carrying a show we all But in s7 the show was carried by "the person who will not be named" and look
we made a banger, thanks guys.
Free HD Porn Videos by
.
.
.
Kupo! The best and things in this world cannot be seen or heard, but must be felt with the heart!!
Last week's celebration
More fan stories from last night
These girls
like , Comment and tag friends Follow: _ufcnews_ Credit: ufcnewsalerts Geoff Neal vs. Luke Jumeau
Love these dogs
hi love i know that I asked too much but can you follow ?
Back to be pretty again
Love you
album is my shmood for every situation
Happy birthday heaaarrt amo ni ang mga nakita ko nga pics ta well more birthdays to come and less plates para
Miss already
I wanted it to fit David's personality so if people can see it and think "cute" I'm glad I did the job right thank you
Big to all at hope your all well!
Gotham City
let God plan what's the right one for you
Well, I agree more
This man winning is going to be SO satisfying.
Yay! I had no idea that it was this week and I hate that I missed it until now but glad to get the last day in
oh my heart
Forst time to preach in front of many people on sunday service thank you Lord for the guidance and wisdom all glory to u
u w u
Apple Cinnamon Cheesecake and a hot cup of Not to brag but I make a mean cheesecake
I want everyone who came to my funeral brings their pet and let them licks my face.
- SANDRO BOTTICELLI ( 1445 - 1510) - Venus and the Graces offering gifts to a young girl (detail). Fresco.
Goals with my future daughter
Quand elle te regarde avec ses grands ...
So sorry for the loss of your precious baby
Your heels are awesome
3
There's this Boy Who stole Her Heart.... And He Calls Her
Shoot for LOLSTUDIO
RG! Monte Maria! ILOVEYOU JO!
A man who knows his stuff. Respect
Te amo mt
q isso mano obg
Happy birthday to one of my greatest inspirations in life. A true hero and a wonderful woman
Thank you so much!!!
make sure you follow back !
This scene
after that nasty fake fight scene where the writers made Kara tell those ugly words to Mon-El, it
I love
Lets goo good luck and thank you for helping me get better over the years
A month and a half later still shook about this
N this is for the prsn in ur dp
Thankyouuu BOS!
happy birthday babes
LLEGO LA NUEVA DE SOMOS TIENDA VIRTUAL SOLO TRABAJAMOS CONTRAENTREGA
Eres la magia hecha persona! te adoro
Someone had a little bath and now time for a little nap.
if only in it for a skinny ratio then bother
I love u Girl
They are adorbs !
Already married to one
My weakness is covered by your strength and I am found, forever safe
My 50th birthday is this week ... I think I learning
boujie baby.
i love you
, and all my recents for a shoutout! active??
Oh- my beautiful prince the guy who stole my heart I love you so much Gus
The gummy smile appears... Fck
two days only
daoyyy miss u!! hangout soon!!!
gary and angel to the rescue
ily corms paul
These look amazing! What a great way to spread kindness!
I lied..... crackdown
Saudadess !
Thank you!!! I had no idea.
.
.
.
YOU ARE SO BEAUTIFUL
I love you in any angle
All I want for Christmas is you
Kit battle:
RT for Everton
Like for Crystal Palace
be good to see you at the next one! always got something good to say when u do speak up
What a day
you would be very stupid if you'll say this gurl isn't beautiful. // BLKPNK
Night guys~
Bless you with YangYang's blowkiss
Im so done with my studying :')
It has to be i can dream, just because of steos vocals being on there. So powerful, emotional and I love it.
Hermosa
First time to preach in front of many people on sunday service thank you Lord for the guidance and wisdom all glory to u
Last night was too funny .
HBD TO A REAL ONE
love you cnt wait for to end (even though it hasnt begin) rest early kiddo & cya tmr :D
The best feeling is when you finally know wassup wit that one crazy ass person you fw above all others lol
kida is such an angel i love her more than everything thank you for everything that you did for we love you so much
Oh Jackie up with your paw baby girl you be sure to rest up pleased not hot for you now
yeah I just noticed looks good I thought you were gonna go the fall/halloween theme
Mon infirmier personnel
Happy birthday to the most beautiful woman and mom in the universe, Have a wonderful day.
Dil k armaan
Love U Kuriooo
18 octobre : chantant en acoustique lors de son show pour Radio Disney LA ! (1/3)
NRW hat uns wieder.
Sarkar
Sarkar UHD TEASER
Awesome Reply
Have A Great Day
Robert.
My crush
Thank you for being an awesome part of my childhood
U Gotta A Bit O' Becker
My New car
Escribirme
Hope you two had an awesome time
Doktor
'Angel' will always be my fave song
Yeyyyy!!! Yasss bitches, they won!!!
Awe there you are with a puppy!
Im such a lucky girl. Thank you for stepping into my life
Night all
Saw something yesterday that I wish I could unsee. But tbh it was just what I needed. Only God.
Sunday
Done your turn
omo im noticed
I take solace in knowing the battle mines
ur the best!
I love this guy
We Love you too dove
I cant afford mars merch .. but my mars cds are complete my precious
thank you for all the hard work you have done. now please rest well and look after your health!
Tmj, minha fechamento
Follow back idolo
Dawood I love you
Te amo
always
thank you for your hard work thank you for treating Monsta X with care, I know you only want the best for them thank you
181016
Love heals
That's 100% True
Phil
I absolutely LOVE Shan
May each click of the button represent the love we have for this fallen hero Fly high with the angels sir
Phil
Away from all the negativity..aur Kya chahie
Happy 32nd Anniversary JRM
More years to come with the presence of God.
mejor regalo, mis reyes en BS AS y en donde sea
Que honra!
We mind having lenabogucharskaya in our lives every day to create looks like this amazing braid pony!
boa sorte meu anjo
I really enjoy cooking
De ontem
Billy Preston
I find truth, during hard times; and in words that aren't mine
ugh hurts// lany
Thanks queen so annoying sorry
King for a reason
Sisi your work
My bitcccchh bad
Aaaah Dongwoo and Jyani
Own
I love you so much
It's everyone! plus, I'm reaally really in love with by
ALHAMDULILLAH, SELAMAAAAT KALIAN BERDUAAA!
SEMOGA MAKIN BAIK LAGI KEDEPANNYA, SEMANGAT!
SUPER SUNDAY
Tap if following this bet and you could win free VIP access at 4pm!
Match: FC Basel
As expected.. Congrats Perak To the finals!!!
You used us!!??? Keep up the good fight.
Candy Crib Teresa
Thanks so much for sharing
18 octobre : chantant en acoustique lors de son show pour Radio Disney LA ! (2/3)
Apple everything I use I Radio a lot.
Good night my crazy cellist has gorgeous sound
Really love your new album
Women before digital camera, photoshop and beauty effects! This is my mother in 1997. |
Haha aww soo sweet ! Thank you for everything
I Japan Jennings! That's what being a Tennessee Volunteer is all about!
nunca tive kkk
Postato sul profilo della
Happy birthday
Done your turn
constructed to walk among the only show me how bout dat boi
345k RT 18M Favs
2016: ayyy
i genuinely will never recover from this look ever!!!! red exist before minghao wore it he looks SO pretty
I know my love
mis finalistas
Happy birthday to my brother been with me since been in diapers I love you fool
I wanna do this too
Drop a "" if you Love me.
Drop a "" if you Like me.
Drop a "" if you have Crush on me.
me and you singing to each other
Loving that forehead babes
praying for you you can do this
I'm a
One and only BI day
Have a safe journey love. Take care of your heatlh.
3 months and 4 weeks till my daughter is here why is time going so fast
Love those girls!
4 the good in r and you will find it! Pizza shop makes 225-mile delivery for cancer patient - ABC15
They succeeded the challenge that Christ have given to them.
Blessed Tyl
and you make me stay
Happy Game Day
Ready to watch our boys and bring home another
They make them dress up so pretty too specially Aykiz We do not talk about Aykiz
I did thanks remember if you ever want to learn some sign language your gal ;) haha
LLEGO LA NUEVA DE SOMOS TIENDA VIRTUAL SOLO TRABAJAMOS CONTRAENTREGA
you deserve all the wins for this incredible album! proud of you xingie
They switched their part
Jinan: "help me, help me"
Awwwe so cute love
My heart is so full
Mag hilaka gyud kog taman taman by the end of the week ba
Tedua zemra ime
MarkGun by KunMyn
Have a sweet dream nite nite L U
ugly af but still my bae
Good Morning, 0 and Meg. I hope you both are able to enjoy your Sunday
God keep my head above water
Hey nowwww, feels good to be getting some much needed things done!
Maee que buenas tetasss tienes. Jiji love you
you are bigger than any battle im facing
Follow everyone who likes this
My mum is honestly the biggest motivation and inspiration of my life
I believe been 1 year. I miss you all the time, big ears.
Always do it with
Seek the Lord while He may be found!
Today is such a good day! I love when i get to talk to my honey 25 more days baby!!
Sunday Funday... Love spending time with FRIENDS, FAMILY & TSU supporters
Repeat the same shit again
I love both of it
ily
Want Someone Who looks at me like this
Button Fever loves the ladies
Look at the Button showing of his curves in his new sweater from his Snow
Stay with me, no, you don't need to run, stay with me, my blood
This is so true.
Rangers turn me on something daft
Te amo hermosa
There is literally nothing better than waking up in the arms of the person you love.
Sundate with my bestfriends since birth haha namiss ko kayo thankyou kanina! See you sa December mga ninangs
HERE I AM, ALL BUCKLED UP AND READY!
you are one of the best gift God has given to me. i feel so blessed to have you as my friend. thank you, for everything
I love to love you.
rather be with you & all your bullshit
He is protecting his mom from getting pranked
and deserve all the happiness in the world love love and more love to you both
Follow
Offline? Add to favorites
You are so beautiful and your slay is consistent.
No days
CORDIS
Thanks sis
I liked a video Pal Ek Pal | Jalebi | Nobita Shizuka | Cartoon | Love Song | WhatsApp
FREE WEBCAMS Register 100% FREE
FOLLOW
"Castle on the hill"
I'm on my way driving at 90
We watched the sunset over the castle on the hills.
new jersey, new shoes and new warmer tom
I will gladly share you.. but you are mine.
Missy legend
Floella and Humpty together again
Hello auchh thank u . Btw who's that?
Much love guys
Our dog
i love you so much take your time, take a break if you need to. i promise you whatever your going through will get better.
Wearing a MAGA hat--really they elected a communist lover
So happy for you Thuy!!
Hey Avril I made this drawing for you girl! Hope you like it
Thank you
Kind hearted icon one and only
Bday Anna
hello new account dedicated to bts and my love taehyung follow for more updates!! army forever
(If ur not gonna follow back then bother yeet)
Mto meu
Gue taken sm
Got my MJ fix!
GOOD MORNING have a great day
HAHAHAHAHAH
Hahaha... kya yaar .... kut kut kr creativity bharaa hai tummee..
Sports suck it's okay
I love you infinity! Your my weenie
Every morning is such a struggle to get up because my puppy just wants to snuggle and sleep forever.
Thanks for the shout out
10/10 good boy
BOYSQUAD DEL
Oh my god thank you!
Chills So good!
Thankyouuuu po!!
sporadically
15th November 2013 Ram Leela Released and on 15th November 2018 is getting married
FAIRYTALE
Te amo muchooo
Goodnight ppl
I feel the same just be you.
crush kita lolo mo crush
I don't know why you were in the past two weeks is not good, but I know I am very strong will overcome everything does.
Another great year Thank you to the whole team. It was simply amazing Nuns Island Theatre
Hassan dandach
The love I have
is for.... !! And she's drooling for love as me. Hope you like it!!
I'm so inlove with you, I hope you know
THIS IS SO WARM. GETTING A CAVITY THIS IS SO SWEET. THE WAY YOU COLOUR HAIR IS DEAD TOO MUCH
Above all else, guard your heart For everything you do flows from it! Proverbs 4:23 feeling blessed at
Everything for you, cutie, baby
Their senses actually. Their smell is everything.
I want you all to give some love to the woman who owns these beyond beautiful curls. Share with her that they
always
period
HAHAHAHA MGA GAGO SEE YOU TOM
Spread love
Congrats! Proud of you.
sound trip
OMG! Those days of fangirling over NSYNC
obrigada amor
Booooooooom dia moreeees
Jogai por
needs to make Louis Tomlinson the face of his new campaign
Love this
Ron Desantis for Governor
Rick Scott for State Senate
S e m B r e a k F e e l s
Sorry for your loss , but happy that your fur baby had a wonderful life thanks to you.
goodluck to you mah friend wish you the best, you got this
happy 3rd birthday to my princess! i love you so much babygirl!
For me, to love is bigger than being loved.
Good morning/afternoon/night everyone have an awesome day today or sweet dreams! Sandra
merch me please
What a long journey, thank u sa libre nalingaw jd ko ay after final exam namo laag daun and b4 i
Thank you love
Wow! This is the new Africa
I also a woman in a nice tight pair of spandex that shows the curves of her ass with no
u even more for this!
The fact that these ducks never quit!
So precious
I know miracles happen every day we all have experienced miracles
You're welcome
I guess u r right
Heeeeeey, loving you was red
Congrats PerakAll the best final
Onawwww tmb te amo
You are loved
Thanks boo glad we had you in our corner
It is beautiful, indeed.
HAHHAHAHA SOBRANG LABO PERO THANK YOU ILY
My Lover & My Best -
I definitely do not have my shit together got this momma
PRECIOSO MI VIDA!!! TE AMO MUCHO
We definitely understand the love
Remember ..you are loved beyond imagination
in the philippines a good called turon and they put banana in a spring roll wrapper and fry it sooooo good
You are sooo gorgeous and I am sooo gay I have now perished
(Also if it isnt a bother I was
Eu amo elas
She still gone cheat ...
So proud
Last night
Breakfast for me and my sweet boy Anthony Alexandria, Virginia
Find a man who can do both
Jetlag. Tired. Wuuho! Excited for our trip tomorrow. Good night Philippines
nobody will ever understand how bad losing Shizaire was for me. Thank God im over that depression tho.
Imagine if this happened every day on public transport
73.5 % To 92
Imagine if this happened every day on public transport
Who active?
1 like = 1 ROYALE BOMBER CODE +CARD PAYPAL
good luck to you and wish you the best
A view i love to sleep and wake up on
appreciation haay grabe
HappyBirthday Syd!!!
Warrior
MY HEARTTTTTT BOOM SNAP
Swaron vrushan vm ..
Song - soch na sake
Part 1
My 11th editing video ..
I hope
gi terbuka hati kn
post pat story status.. gmbar bini2 and captionnya
wow wow wow amazing masbro
bom dia
Making my first Q&A video for YouTube appreciate it if you dropped some questions
In total love with
amazing! Way to get that shit
Prin
PSALM 69: 29
the best but also the most annoying jk. Love you soul sister!
Don't worry
chansoo
BET 8
if following!
thank you
When your mums the cutest
off | bye
her highlights
iloveyousomuch!!
Showland Cinemas
Thank you!! I hope so.
[ Delivery to: ]
A Bouquet of Sunflowers
Notes : Lucky to have you
Thankseu
Either way you a stunning sister
Aww thank you so much
Oof!
thank you jem!!
Sorry Avonlea. Once a mom, always a mom. Kirsten Spencer Photography
Domingo
Happy Happy Birthday to this loverly lady
thank you mother
Babai - Abbai Love
congrats bb ko
Congratulations to these love birds
Love to u, girl
Happy 3rd Birthday
me saying in the end. Like legit so proud of my mom
hi! Saw a little
Everybody is beautiful
You worked so hard chris
Ahhhhhh, love u too bb
MY BABIES. MY EVERYTHING!!
YOU DID AWESOME!
PLEASE REST WELL
Don't forget to drink more water.
Cate Blanchett Will to the for Straight Actors to Play Gay | NewNowNext
Dogs are good for the heart
GoodMorning daddy I hope you have a great day
This is so cute
Muslim army here too
The most important is your health.Please rest well more
era amor
The meaning of life is to give life a meaning.
me, winning at lyf i love u
THIS photo says more than ALL of the words that I could attach to it!
God Bless you, Mr. PRESIDENT!
May God
Take good care of him Lord, while nag byahe sya. Miss him so much
I love you
sending you encouragement! Some are tweeting under attack! We you sir for your reporting and all your hard work!
so sooo proud of our umyf boys emo augse lablaaab
More candle money
Quieremos Anitta
loved this ep Jeff
ifb but follow me first!!
IM SO HAPPY FOR YOU PLEASE REST UP A LOT AT HOME
THANK YOU TONY STARK! YOU'RE BOYFRIEND GOALS.
You can do this, FIGHTING, we are here for you ^^
LLEGO LA NUEVA DE SOMOS TIENDA VIRTUAL SOLO TRABAJAMOS CONTRAENTREGA
Fits her well via /r/Hotchickswithtattoos
I suspect
New outtake of Dakota in Suspiria (Via alessiobolzoni IG Stories)
Have A Awesome Day
Sly
Luv You
Coisas que acho no pinterest
this looks like a United Nation promotional picture.
Good morning Lydia, you look gorgeous you are a Goddess
PRO MEU AMOOOOOORRRRRRRR
Thank you
"Many are called
But few are chosen."
Thank You God for choosing me.
I Trust in You.
Soul
calming down the longer it gets
You deserve all the Love and Happiness in the world.
hey you still haven't told us if you've found your voice and gotten it back already? hope you're feeling better
Same
My favourite ever take that song!!
_afternoon__
Valentine
This year you're mine inft92lkim!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Omg!! My donkiss heart
I Love you my Baby. It was a pleasure to see you in Berlin.
I really be thanking my mom never raised a dumb bitch or dumb nigga her kids great asf
Brunch dates with my little family will forever be a thing!
I wanna make your ass this red
You were everything, everything that I wanted
Migrant caravan swells to 5,000,
My dude
Omg where is the time going! It really is flying by. This is one of my all time favourite songs
I am so happy to be close friends with you!
Which slow cooker meal is your favorite? to pick Chicken & Dumplings or RT to pick BBQ
Thats my "bottle" for the Inktober challenge. Hope you like it.
Making connections.
Good Morning all Remember, you are loved
Kelsy is a cutie to get your heart racing (25 Photos)
thank you for sharing this ipan!! lets spread more positivity
welcy ilyt
Babes
a7b my cat
Minions the best
Wow mom.....
He is so precious for me
My gran is cheering her best friend on to eat so cute 'eja kgotsi, eja'
More traditional desserts from all over the world
& RT with a friend
My favourite tweet
CONGRATULATIONS
Eliza was so inspiring and will live in my heart for a long time
Yes
Done your turn
Gracias
Birds With the Same Feather, Flock Together!
BEBITO UWU UWU UWU
JAJJAJAJAJJAJ thanks GOD
A little less saucy picture of this pretty great kid of mine Denver, Colorado
Aww bet they're thrilled to see you
amore
Someone's Girlfriend
Going to spend most of my day with my grandma and mom.
with my fav person
They cute
Boys over Flower
THIS!!! Absolutely Message me - talk Disney!
[ Delivery to: 0
A Bouquet of Pink Roses
Notes: Lucky to have you
Thankseu
Our French players are safe
Las verdaderas ganadoras.
Everything I need.
hug me tight and never let me go
Wow, just had a chance to watch this
PMMS.
Yep this is my fandom place I have no real life people here that share my obsessions also
Amo redecorar mi Depto!!
Sdv armys
BOMDIA
Absolutely beautiful Mahalo
These two!! So much
.
.
.
Stay safe.
Gorgeous! Hang on to those lovely memories
Add to Snapchat - BlushSnaps. dream of this girl giving you a show :P
Lost my voice but so worth it WATP
the thought of you makes me soo happy jud
I know ! But I on the album ! loved it
A TODAS LAS FAMILIAS ARGENTINAS!
Embroidery Art for SALE!!!
Embroidery Art for SALE!!!
Embroidery Art for SALE!!!
I'm letting go my babies
The Cutest Couple Ever love you Maddy
If you are trans...I LOVE YOU!!!!
Duplinha do
thank you for today and good night
THANK YOU, STEM D!!!! ALABYU ALL
TraMa And Delore
| COMMISSIONS OPEN |
DM me if interested
RT very apreciated
Thank you, Leslie
Made it to the end of Margalla trail 5
Achievement unlocked !
I was mf lit last night, only thing I remember was bullets flying everywhere! Just thankful to be alive
20/10/2018
Favelado
Yesterday was CRAZY on the yard! Mamas, aunties, uncles and little cousins on it! So much from my hometown &
me, winning at lyf i love you
dear insecurity by gnash is my favorite song atm.
thank u for the tea
Night out in Liverpool last night
wait baby , the 31st
Church this morning
One of the very few videos I have today. Sobrang sarap balik-balikan nung songs with you guys.
so cute in this
Fighting !!!! Everything will be okay, you will be okay,keep thinking positive
Soccer ladies at homecoming
I just want to thank you for being my reason to look forward to the next day.
Yes!!! Will be much appreciated.
Can't get enough of this time of the day.
evening is as brief as the twinkling of an eye yet such
Congratulations for the 7th title champions of this year, minions.
Proud!
Get well soon and stay strong.... Fighting
See you lablab
I love mama so much she really take care of me
New symbol
Absolute Rampage!
New found love on Virat ~ Rohit
The Chase Master!
King KOHLI
only cause you are sweet my love
CONGRATS SHANE! You and Andrew deserve it
Showtime
Burak liked Handes Pic
ALA Fandom like
000Lolly44 viens jouer
im so sorry , stay strong baby its what he would want
My friend is selling her 5sos Manchester Night 2 soundcheck ticket, Saturday show
Face value, buy it HOES
thanks char
[ Delivery to: ]
A Bouquet of Pink Roses
Notes: Lucky to have you
Thankseu
amei
Day6 is just so cute here
Thanks chief much love
happy birthday beautiful
thank God for waking me up this morning
GUYS VOTE FOR HE IS AMAZING
Forever MINE - Live at Amazon! (Link in bio)
Happy
Ganda ng homily ni Father.
Congratulations definitely deserved KD
A big bash congratulations to both of you..
you made me stay
Excited!!!
Have A Great Day
Luv You My Badass
Patriot
Adik HAHAHA Iloveyou baby
Period
Done
My thoughts and prayers are out to all of you.
Thank you hoe !
new found friends from bayambang!!! nice meeting you wonderful people
WE LOVE STRAY!!!! His story is amazing and his humans are awesome!
Tack finaste
New scene !
dee & chelsea the only ones I need my baby stud daddies
A special Lovemore video
May this touch you in a special way
Love always
That is adorable.
If you love somebody show it
Get well soon
The queen of the daytime show is your option 2 today please give her a call
MI HERMOSO ME ALEGRA QUE HAYAS DISFRUTADO, TE AMO GRACIAS POR TODO ANGELITO ARMY
That is horrifying! I am so sorry you have to worry about this
I miss you!!
Maybe I will start a book
Root for these girls, they have team spirit (37 Photos)
i want to be part of the crowd singing REALLY REALLY and MOVIE STAR..
Thanks Ivan! God bless you.
Aww hun, thanku so much so nice of you to say that always here whenever u need me
Made it to the half of Margalla trail 5
Achievement unlocked !
Pretty good night.
Amor da minha vida
Chimmy
Fun shoot today!
You deserve
Harley Quinn Bag
You know you want it!!
Its amazing robot... your cousin is so cute.
Dm me and I will tell - I want t discussed again and again. just stupidity of some spreading their assumptions
mom
Willi will fi achkek cheft el will
This is my cover of Fallin all in you
It took me so long to record this lmao
I hope you like it
Please
See you unnie
Can't wait to see your beautiful son with his new hair
YASSS It's time for a great show OGMcLvinUB:wake and bake
Was so great to have you bro
Need a stage to perform, are you tired of ya Managers dancing in ya music videos .... come on down to BritRow
Maybe one day we could travel the world together & see shit we never saw before - message to the dude I love
Just stay loyal, that's all i want. Wuv u!
We can beat anyone bring it on
I can be whoever you want me to be
Thank you for your time, you're a true angel
Going to NY next month my princess Mila and Tia day coming soon
Look at my Baby
I miss him so much
ok just know that precious and that everyone loves you and care about negative things too much ok?
Squeeeze my cock into her pussy
Avril looking absolutely gorgeous as always and also I love your music
fine, love
400 Followers!! Thank you all 400 of you!
click on Like if u what u c LoveAlisa XOXO
Red Alert Short Film
YouTube Link :
Sooo heartwarming.....
1 year without you today R.I.P
Awe thank you loves. Means so much
look at them Jade and Jesy
I love corgi so much how did you know
Pretty sure found the one. Better yet, the one found me
God loves you.!
Another good day tyG!
see you syg have a good rest
I will bless the Lord forever
My babies are everything man. Literally everything in my world revolves around them. I have it any other way
Wedding Dinner of colleague at Marina Mandarin Hotel
.
.
.
.
Fuck with local babes at
female masturbation isis taylor italian porno
Happy 16th birthday thanks for being goofy w/me all the time!!! I love you so much!!! You can
I know what you mean. We'll get it sorted. You know where I am if you need me.
TODAY IS THE START LITTLE CANT WAIT TO SHOWER YOU WITH AFFECTION and show you the big lil life
Snugglebub is hanging out with me this morning.
Los
Courage ma belle
Thank you for coming from the bottom of our hearts
Thanks, Tiki!
Always love the buckeyes no matter what, win or lose
soldierboy, Thanks for the follow and please feel free to RT and our pictures.
How excited are you guys? first time as a talk show host! Catch the lovely
Thank you, and thank you.
champ knows the way to our Key Lime+Coconut+ Meringue
Thank you!
aw
gahulat jud ba HAHAHA yiiii. iloveyoutoooo bb!! thanks for everything sad!!! God Bless You!
My Mini Me
What a lovely episode you're so cute!!
ohhh have a good rest tonight ok!!
After his busy sched... sweetest
Smh the last pic but thanks
This anime
Maybe its
LLEGO LA NUEVA DE SOMOS TIENDA VIRTUAL SOLO TRABAJAMOS CONTRAENTREGA
Im so happy for you two!! Stay strong guysss
goodnight and sweet dreams to all you amazing people
A big thanks to everyone with came out to join our FIX-It-FEST!!
Good morning baby
GOOD SUNDAY MORNING, ALL!
I'm still laying in bed, watching the local morning news, and noticing that since I
thank you J-Bug!! love you & miss you!!!
so cute!
hope you find someone who speaks your language so you have to spend a lifetime translating your
I really like this story it made me cried a lot thanks to belle for makinh such masterpiece for us
Unseen And Rare Video Of
How Many Of You Guys Watched This Video Before ??
Come back soon
Halloween Ice Cream Cones
Left or Right?
Tag your friends.
By feedyourgirlfriend
At NYC. New
[ Delivery to: ]
A Bouquet of Pink Carnation
Notes: Lucky to have you
Thankseu
I wait until 9 pm Morning Arlene
RIP Gizmo you where loved and will be missed
Hey BBC studs and pathetic white Bois... I'm back
beautiful sculptures.
Be with someone who gives u hand written letters
I miss this crazy girl
I love you, JB!
I u all the way u are!!! U ar gorgeous
A recipe for success! I Career Is a Delicious Roasted via
Awww And how have you and Cookie been?
Love them too. No creature quite like them
Don't worry, this is more than enough. Thank you and happy reading
That doesn't surprise me! What he said really touched me. Lovely, brave man
Seven hundred kilometers apart but we're never far away. Happiest birthday for the nth time BFF! I love you to
Welcome to the club we are happy to have you!
Oh I agree!! Handsome .Blessed like his mum
I experience this as well.
WE DID IT......MS I LOVE YOU....INSPIRITS I LOVE YOU TOO HHH....NEXT GOAL: FIRST PLACE....
.
LETS DO IT
APP
Wtf I miss you bitch
What a face,
thank u sm!!
11 main gurls *insert tin2!
God bless sa in-house, crush!!
Just saying you want to be my friend is application enough
thank you!
Happy birthdayyy, Ate
Higlight
Que fofuxo, assim eu morro de amores
Jungkook
Get well soon whatever is going on, I know u can make it through it also for anyone asking
Morning dear.
Buzzing Rocks Drumming Covers
If you like dark chocolate, this infographic is for you
Anti-oxydant
Good for health when combined by
hi i did a mashup cover of what your father says // love story so much love for both tay and the
you deleted the first tweet but its fine i love you cutie
Yas, universe.
May the piece of the Lord be with you always!
Best couple & best human being
Edited:@Camila44626285
Thanks man , I've been trying to polish my bars
YIXING GANANDO COMO SIEMPRE
FELICIDADES POR OTRO PREMIO BIEN MERECIDO BEBE
U make me smile
thank god for another day
fake kokis x exp au where 4 fansite groups do whatever it takes to win their oppas' heart
This bought a wide smile full of love to my face
Couldn't get happier.
MANY MANY CONGRATULATIONS.
Warpaint - Disco//Very - Keep It Healthy (Official Video)
Follow everyone who likes this
Cute Canadian goes commando when jumping rope (Video)
Today I launch Ken- Ship my new business venture, focused on building community, together!
OH MY GOD WHICH TOWN
Beautiful leader
All the feels honestly Mermaid Swift on instagram is so talented
36th ODI century
Awesome to see him yesterday at the stadium. He called it! Much love Tyler
Feeling extra blessed this morning
Gracias!!
Am happy that you took that break for yourself
Your well being is all that matters the most.
Best night with them
This is amazing Total cry fest
Virat kholi is Class bc
thanks bae
I love you beautiful had a blast
LLEGO LA NUEVA DE SOMOS TIENDA VIRTUAL SOLO TRABAJAMOS CONTRAENTREGA
Explosion boy
Jinhwan - iKON
so excited for the next few months
Omyyyy Congrats Girls for winning The Best British Group so proud
uughh . marlboro black .
Normal Totoro / Sexy Totoro !
Felt cute might delete later.
En featuring les poils d'aisselles ;)
Goodmorning my love
this pose
The things a mother will do for her kids! My heart is full. I hope you feel better!
Sending much love your way!
please get some rest baby
So grateful to be part of the loving and inclusive Movement - Any time you need a hug, ask a Mom
BEST ALBUM OF THE LIFE
*and this is my favorite track
Bitter becomes sweet.
Trials become
Tears turn into laughter.
Pain becomes purpose.
Fear
Gatinho rs Voce
Hell Yeah Fav You Still Gmfu From Last Time I Seen You
Can you help please
I LOVE YOU
I love you!
ML is
Shippo mt vc e o yan Meu ex? Ele tambem shippa KKKKKKKKKKKK
Perfect
Wala pang tentative date pero tuloy na talaga sa December! I'm so happy for you ate!
Way to go, Emma and !
I it!!!
Victor prend son bain
Thank you God for waking me up this morning
Babyyyy your hugs are totally blessing
Amorcito mio
We need to catch up sometime, girl! Inbox me.
Karma
Thank you for your patience as well ^^~
come to Texas! Distance does the soul good. Love you bud
Eu te amo
My heart
So my mom has a shirt that says 'i my girlfriend' and i dont think she knows what it says and idk if i should tell her lol
Thank you for this amazing show I love you guys
I LOVE YOU
RM
Tell me about it! I have a daughter like that, and she's wonderful.
I never had to lower my standards to accommodate you. You raised up to reach 'em. You made yourself worthy of my love.
shout out to you for doing your thing in the fashion world.
If its not making you happy at the end of the day.... Leave it alone focus on you everything else will follow.. speed not yours!
How cute is that?
me empolguei
Great match
Thank you for the daily dose of Law
It seriously brightens my day
was absolutely stuffed then this turned up
HANDSOME LEADER I WAIT FOR MONO!
Quality time. at Bato Springs San Pablo, Laguna
Self love
LOVE YOU BABY I HOPE YOU HAD THE GREATEST TIME OF YOUR LIFE
cute
i love how he's been wearing beanies a lot lately
jimin too
gotta smile through it even though you hate it
Done your turn
21.10.2018 Great Project BD For KristPerawat
Victor prend son bain
BTS is my Sunshine in life
Also All my Playlist Get me thru my Cancer treatments and family issues
oh. Seee WHAT DID I SAY . another stunning icon
This brought tears to my eyes-
Thank you for your trust, faith and patriotism.
WE are privileged to serve
Hermoso bebe
SAO SEUS OLHOS
Susan Good morning Thank you to a beautiful blessed Sunday
Abbey e seu Dawson
so cute woah
Stay warm and safe
no THANK YOU BABY
Well thank you
I love you take care
We support you , good luck be strong
I LOUVRE MYSELF
Hello love
TE AMO
want to see more??
I love you
I will remember that feeling forever
"Love you te amo Nicolas", I love you te amo too Camila, thank you for everything, you're amazing and unique
Amore mio
Went for a morning run and found some inspiration. yyc!
love you Flower
TE AMO TE AMO
you did such an amazing job on your, proud of you ;)
rest well baby, you deserve it!
a true fact r supposed to stick together and why we r one of the strongest fandom out there
My wife gave me a Sweetest Day gift, y'all
Tmj gay
Love you a lot
Cuteee
"Love you te amo Nicolas", I love you te amo too Camila, thank you for everything, you're amazing and unique
Villa Carlotta on Luxury Group
Thank you for the mention!
LOVE U
I even begin to tell you how great it feels to finally be surrounded by like-minded people
You Dnt Need Gunz u Need You weak
TE AMO
Baby! You. Are. ART!
aww thank you!! love you girly
i love you so much baby
I live in Milwaukee. I love the part about family. The Dodger part? Not so much. xo
My personal, living version of ying/yang
I My Church...for real. Go to church and get fed today!
Told you he gonna go to Louvre
yiee thank you sir!
Love you, Namjoon!! Have a safe flight back to Korea!! Can't wait for your new music!
How cute
I love you angel
I love you
I LOBE U JOONIEEEE~
MERCI
please rest well ilysm
Lovely Joon. Hope you enjoyed sight seeing.
This is my favorite look especially as an indian person, I was really impressed by the make up, the
merci BTS
I love you! And glad you had a good time in Paris! Take rest now!
I'll soon do a thread of my favourite Adekunle Gold songs
"Love you te amo Nicolas", I love you te amo too Camila, thank you for everything, you're amazing and unique
Thank you to tenwestfest and all of the volunteers at for a night I will never forget
Omg Je
LOVE YOU
Tim Maia
Keep shining baby
EU TE AMO MEU AMOR,MEU ORGULHO
You are the sweetest! forever in shock. Thank you for everything. Cannot wait for the album!
wow i love you so much
Good day to be a fan
i hope you had fun, my love
keep it going lambs!
JOONIEEE I LOVE YOU
We moved here almost eight years ago from MN; we absolutely love our new home state
I love you!
NAKAKAMISS
I love you joon im so proud of you.
Cute
oh my gosh that's beautiful
My favorite alarm clock is the sound of little feet running down the hall to get in bed with me
So damn proud of these kids!!!! We love you Emma!!!
"Love you te amo Nicolas", I love you te amo too Camila, thank you for everything, you're amazing and unique
Come in Switzerland please A.R.M.Y love you !
I hope the sad goes away!
Love you RM, take care of yo self
Love you
we have been blessed with more photos of joonie~~
Yes! Your album is beautiful!
thanks my love
The night is good
Thanks! Pick Him up
You're beautiful Namjoon
Goooooooooooood morning I need my ass ate
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH
Love take care
*I LOVE YOU*
OMG~ She's adorable!!~ Thank you so much for sharing it with me! My day is definitely on a good start with this!~
This is too epic not to share with my G-Family. amazed every time. Enjoy
You can count on me like 1..2..3 and i'll be there
And I know when I need it .. I can count on you like 4..3..2 and you will be there
bah faut pas dit
wait for mono!!!
Yess :(
VOCE QUE
thank you abby hihihi God bless you too
Done your turn
are appreciated
so excited to see everyone soon, gonna be a very good week
De rien Kim NAMJOON !
Take care of you and rest well ! MERCI BEAUCOUP
Te amo
I love you!
glowing WE LOVE YOU!
welcome baby! See you soon please
did you meet bae on the dancefloor?
You dnt knw how much of Happiness i get even by hearing the word BTS or The names of the 7 angels
hi crush :)) smile always!! Thank you
They are
You're my everything
WHY do u have to be out here looking THIS good i love you
i forgot to say but thank you all for 4k
I love you
hala thanks armie, i hope magkaclose jud ta hehe
Day well spent Thank you so much Congratulations for another successful event
A1 really knows how to treat their Filipino fans A Thank you for this wonderful night!
THANK YOU!! You guys were amazing at the last concert.
Home again, home again. Jiggety jig. Well, for 36 hours, at least. Then it's off to KC for to see my
Cutie
I love you
ting tong
dear captain
ini fs buat kamu yang ><
Beautiful creature , I know what you are
Please ask for me!
Merci a toi
Bon concert ce soir
You are my hero so proud of you
THATS MY ROOMMATE
ooh the louvre! the sun looks so pretty, my love merci for the amazing concerts and touching words.
Happy 18th Wedding Anniversary Alexa. Thank you for our 2 great boys & raising them together. I U mucho. I
LOTS OF LOVE & TAKE A GOOD REST
Perooo k wapooooo
Keep your head up king
Kim namjoon, the love of my life
ON MON AMOUR
Rest well and eat lots of your fave food you deserve it
Merci Joon for the new wallpapers uwu
Love
Our kind of bonding
Had a beautiful day after so longgg
Simplemente hermoso .. te amo RM
SOMEONE SAYS GOODLUCK!! yaaay, aaral na ko ng todo!
thank u so much ate dine!! and
I LOVEEE YOUUUUUU
Goodmorning
Thank you for being faithful, love.
Apartment on beach. I would give the rest to grandkids and great grandkids.
I hope you had fun! Make sure to get some rest, you deserve it for all your hard work!
i love youuuu
Off to BGC Unexpected long drive with bestfriend
Bae
Mmm yummy so best appetizing perfect sexy ass gorgeous I like it I love it
Best game. I will never get tired of it.
Lol I was the first one~~ Namjoonie looking cute~~
+2
Merci Namjoon, on t'aime !
Jesus loves you so much, my baby
only admit these two .
(Although also and
Tu es muy hermoso Greetings from
HALA HUY KAT HUHUHU i love you so much :'(( you make me soft kaya it's only right i do the sameeee~ thank you for existing
It looks so peaceful wish I could go there but too far
What a beautiful view
My mum knows me too well Good girl perfume is beautiful!! The stiletto shape bottle is stunning
when happy happy
I'm here princess
Awww Joon you look so cute, the city fits you
MERCI VOUS for this two amazing concerts, this was the best nights of my entire life I hope you
My loves
I LOVE U SO MUCH
Z boys
Goodmorning
Thank you!!! amazing just how easy it is to get knocked down and then how
For shipping tomorrow
October 22, 2018
Thank you dear
MON AMOUR MERCI TOI
Ditto. Love You
My Awesome Friend
Thank You For Our
Journey Together
improving thank god. thank you!
i miss you
Hi hyewon love u
- Mature Lady (ashley fires) Like Big Cock And
New additions to the collection
super love all of them especially the last one
Alright piah, thank you
happy Birthday Chewks!!
One of the best night of my life Thank you birthday b0i sa sponsorship renceorenzo and syempre ss concert buddy
here for you sis
You are so much more than this, and than whatever is hurting you.
Pray no one else get control of your heart
Or a cat too. Basically anything warm and fuzzy
I LOVE YOU JOON!!! I HOPE YOU'RE DOING WELL!
Congratulations
Gururumuz
We understand Armaan....
Take your time and get well soon properly
Kerna Su Sayang
I love waking up to my boy right beside me home visits be the best!
Thank you ney! imissyou
omg she's a sone too
we did not get what we want stil glad bcos we stayed w each other's side
I had so much fun at the fair with my baby yesterday
Namjoonie ~
screaming HAPPY 21st to you! Thanks for becoming truly one of my favorite people, turn up Beck
so cute i wanna
This guuuurlll...nothing but Luv.
Photoshop Thumbnail - - Team: Gostou ?
+ para mais trampos!
Obs:
18 octobre : chantant en acoustique lors de son show pour Radio Disney LA ! (1/2)
Dziekuje
goodmandela
llllTOKYOllll
WildbillKid
Arab_Arabism
AreYouTingTong
mariposa_lll
Giraffee_8
You are the world always searching for.
Feels so good to be back
I love you, three
They are in their happy place. Lol
on
..
Feeling Happy For Messi
we don't talk anymore
Pieces
my eyes blessed, now i could sleep well tonight~~ it feels like my bf sent me some pic of his workcation
My stairs and sun love u
A7la shy bdnya ilward
I wanna go to a Young Bleu Concert
Genial
Love ya
-Zl
Petit montage photo sur ma
Cuidate mucho y come bien
See you next time in France
This human right here is beautiful inside and out in the last few days I have felt crappy mentally and
bb ko na super talented.
So damn proud of you Emma! Keep up the fight ..... got your back!!!
Having a crappy day then seeing dogs across campus is a new feeling in itself
Follow ALL who liked/RT
Follow me
I LOVE YOU
ily ily ily :(
happy for my friend JC COX USA and sad for Ceban NICOLAI Moldova
Day 2, 1/4 Final wrestling
thank you so much
All the riders congratulating Marc. All the love and respct is too much for my heart
congrats
Love you, have a nice day
I'm waiting for
Thank you
Thank you babe. So are you
I just want my baby to be okay
You're the best
you were talking to a window last lol but also you might need meds
I miss you too Shannon!!! omg just do it
I miss them
My heart
Beautiful pic, beautiful souls
is for eating breakfast in your underwear
Take it off your Wish List Fill
nothing makes me happier then my dogs recognising my voice on ft then going mental and searching the house for me 1 week to go tho
181020
: !!!
:
: ><
:
Meu Amooooooor
Welp I meant Sunday
Yummy yummy delicious sexy tits love gorgeous I like it I love it
Do I have to come and wrap you up in bubble wrap I hope better soon
so cute :( hope you enjoyed your time in France
Love love Thanks for inviting me sa event ninyo. I loved meeting your family hehe
Thx
cant wait for tomorrow armys will make the song hit like what we did for hope world i love you
AMO COMO SUENA ESTO
CHANYEOL ES TAN TALENTOSO :')
welcome, love you too!
IHHHH LUCU BANGEEETT!! BONEKA NYA LUCUU AKU SUKAA /.\
I did. shocked you
my love in the city of love
Ham jo roothy to rozz manana parhy ga tumhe
What a knock by out HITMAN
Another century for
Congratulations
I love this
Massive event in Lincoln next saturday.... Enjoy yours ladies
Happy 23rd Anniversary to us
I have no words
Beautiful
most important is that be there
So cute
V and Jhope on V Live
Tareef karu kya uski jisne tujhe banay...
I am no longer a slave to fear
I am a child of God.
Thank you
TE AMO
That's right keep slaying
You are getting married? Wow congrats!! All the very best for your new beginning
Merci a vous!!
Will wait patiently for your return to Europe!!
Thank you for all your hard
Hellooo Dayl how is your Sunday going?
I love you and you're welcome
please come to the UK!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sin jugarlo!
You can come again whenever you want ! You will always be the welcomes La France vous aime
and miss you Gypsy R.I.P. 2014.
sempre bem.
i want to get my hair and nails done today
You will give us a really amazing show, I know it guys, cheers from Poland
Someone's future WIFE & PEACE!
~Dallas/Houston Multi-entrepreneur &
A $500,000 mansion for a dog? Crazy or true love?
I LOVE YOU KIM SEOKJIN!!!! MY WORLDWIDE HANDSOME!!!! I LOVE YOU MY LOVEEEEE!!!!!
So beautiful
I'm good what about you?
Thank you for making me happy Justin Seagull
All my drunk friends last night hyped me up so hard and why I love them
King of love in the city of love
Te amo
RM... Can't wait for MONO
iti
Queen without a crown
me mandaram!!
good and you? love you
Im so excited for this week, poetry slam, Westlife tickets on sale and I get to see my mum. honestly life
in tears
The harmony
You look beautiful Namjoon
Thank you for the pics
We love you a lot!
Please stay
I wish you could livestream love
Diba!! Shet hanapin natin yan
you've been workinh so hard baby boy! thank you for everything we love you
Cool to see some of you so active still!! Much love!!
Whoa. That will be cooool. I ll be there
My 2nd family
Um wow. You guys know how to make a girl feel loved! I promise reply to every single one of you. thank
Aesthetics
Namjoon i love you
You have my heart uwu
I have one
Phoenix, Arizona
Best Web Drama series -> A Love So Beautiful Congratz!
but im not sure bc im a noob pero wowza check me analyzing all the skulls during halloween
I ARCHAEO
Hitman Joins the party
Je joon take care
Espresso Martini's are on point
You are I owe you my life
HAVE A NICE SUNDAY MY FRIENDS MAY YOU SPREADTHE LOVE
Thanks to you for coming baby!!
LINDO
MAHAL KITAAAAA!!!
Safe flight! Have a good rest!
i miss u my little girl!! thank you for being my happy pill iloveyousomuch! mwaaaah
Sim
c'est nous qui vous remercions thank you for everything
The love I have for this kind of weather is deep
You're just as pretty as paris joon
These 11 people.
Haha. Cute nyo both
we love you wadido and we're all super happy with you've acheived so far
Love you
I love this.
Pelos acessos da Tff
"Even a shadow needs light to exist."
You're so gorgeous, Namjoon
baksa yeter
HAPPY BELATED BIRTHDAY HUN sorry It was late I thought It was today for some reason! I Love you
The soundtrack for Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild is pretty fantastic.
I video game music.
18 octobre : chantant en acoustique lors de son show pour Radio Disney LA ! (2/2)
Our leader is also a fashion icon.
Thank you Lord for all the blessings!
Hier Messe Hommage JOHNNY LANGOELAN
There's no excuse for tardiness when there's nothing else to do. -AHS APOCALYPSE
ahhhh take a rest Joon. ILYsb
Son hermosas
sou apaixonada
Thank you for making me smile everyday Please find the time to rest your health is more important than anything
And I know everything about you
I don't wanna live without you
I'M ONLY ME WHEN I'M WITH YOU
happy anniversary to our church! love y'all Dadiangas Baptist Church!
You are so cute Nam, I love you so much
De rien Namjoon
It was really a pleasure to see and listen you. I hope to see you next year
We paying for nails, hair,& eating her pussy EVERYDAY in 2019
You are the most beautiful man in the universe
Mt bom ler isso ahhh
Yayy
Thanks for creating an after-dinner musical starting to like watching tv again
HOPE.. HOPE.. HOPE..
Momoring
Ella mi mundo!!! TE AMO
Oh no! I hope you heal up fast. Very cute pins tho. :3 Stay strong.
Flags Towards Holy Karbala
in Iraq
no artwork in the world can compare to your beautiful smile, namjoon. i'm glad you're having a good time
Hi I miss you hope being in gville without me isnt fun
Thanks Jim. Makes u realise what's important.
WA7ADNA L9ADlA .. MATALEBNA 3ADlA
Advance Happy Birthday mahal! U know how much iloveyou Basta thankful ako sa lahat almost 3yrs na din
You are a Queen
Thank you for sharing and talking about this!
We (me) am here for you, always
Good morning my friend I started my day with Yoga in pajama How did you start your day?
Battito cardiaco
Chencho
Reposting - via
I promise.
What do you do with a broken heart?
Once the light fades, everything is dark
Way too much whiskey in my blood
I feel my body giving up
the best in the world
Pray & give it to God! You allow this to hold you back. Move forward and BOSS UP! I believe in you.
Lenteur dominicale
I YL Pure Protein Complete! Also available in Chocolate Deluxe.
What a beautiful chino
Mis bigotes
Quality pictures, love it
I
Stressing over this bitch like we go together or something it the same !
this made my heart sing. I only want the very best for you my looooooove
On va y arriver
one else can save my soul
No one else can make me whole
Jesus, You have won me
Your radical love surrounds
He know but they are planning a massive Remain in the Blue flag &
Congratulations, Iyah Mina! You made the LGBTQ community so proud.
King Sark
Happy Sunday
healed
After being single for the past 4years I Finally found someone
I LOVE YOU
bff since 2016!!!
hope you had fun!!!!!
I Love you
It was amazing really I even express it into words haha
Omg that is Louvre in the back i hope you visited, love youuu
Joon! Please take care of yourselves. Rest and relax when there's time. You all did well.
No one should ever go through such abuse.
by was the perfect way to start my morning
but the cutest thing ever :))
BASICALLY ALL THE SHIPS
my leaders
Finally! Something really really good.
Te amo mucho
wish u guys all the best for final exams tomorrow
we love our leader
Thank you babe
The president
i really hope today is the day that luke hemmings from 5sos will follow me
Always together
Dance is my passion
advance 11:11
Hm, funny that I was also texting with my friend and he told me to not settle for anything less than I deserve
And these kind of pics too
What a nice smile he had
See?! You too rich, you even have sense only broke people have sense. welcome!
Squad goals
love hearing so proud of youuuuu
LOVE TOU SO MUCH
Siempre los amo !!!
Especially when she's so tiny and they are so big
Joon ah, i miss u alot hope u always take rest enough n dont forget to drink n eat well. i love u
I WAS SURPRISED TO SEE YESTERDAYYY at
you looked tired and yet you still
De rien, merci BTS je t'aime
Your welcome, thank you BTS, I love You
Gamsahamnida BTS, saranghae
I know why my heartbeat is very dance so fast because I miss you so much
Feliz bebe
Rohit
Church always brings me such a Peaceful feeling!
You own my entire heart love u forever
With a smile
a thousand
problems
are fixed
Dear God,
Please bless me with camera, promise po iingatan ko.
That is a seriously good back up plan
I don't actually have a back up plan. It's volcanoes all the way.
Thank you!
We (me) am here for you always
iti bom dia meu amor tbm te amo se cuida
there is no word for the amount of love i have for this man, i am glad you had the best time BABY
We gather here in paw in paw, paw in hand. Sending good thoughts to those named and unnamed. Wishing
roHIT Sharma on fire
No life threatening injuries ...
One of the best pic of from gym
The Sultan of Bollywood
still crying
And we love pathe
a week to go before i meet my boys
I hope you have a great day never forget that amazing and perfect the way you are!!
3 years
Much much much much much much from me to you
181020
Dejavu focus
:
22mins before Jo Yuri's birthday!
Go get it Queen
We love you Z!
Eunji and Being there are trending on Melon right now. i love this fandom
Sad times :(. Thankyou tho
happy 21st birthday soggy cob, had the best night last night!! I hope you get spoiled, love you loads
All I actually think about is food. I could just be sitting in my room or at work and food will randomly run on my mind... True love!
Photos please
with you prince MBS
Adoro-te
My family
Winter is coming
DECEMBER AVENUE
Thank You GOD.
sorry
bethaniaferd em Minas Gerais, Brazil
Thank You Trisha...
And Plz Stay In Touch...
Someone got engaged wedding on the road .
Listen to by real__pcy on
Leave a and nice comment
Thx for this card ea
My heart birthday today
me more baby
So cute . I love you Namjoonie
I love ber months!!!!! Superb!!
Happiness is .....getting to have Audience moment with my eldest star Special xxxxx
Hi, Hope you're good and you have a nice day!!!
wrapped up.
Trisha
still waiting on the day when I log in and scream my lungs out seeing you on my followers list please follow me, i love you
Sounds amazing please count me in good luck everyone
YES I REALLY NEEDED JOONIE IN PARIS
Followed all
te amo
Always thankful for these people thank you for always having my back!! Love youuu all!!!!
l love you
you did so well namjoon this whole tour i'm so proud of how far you came;;
Thank you so much
Here are 3 letters of support from black queer men to youth who have had their lights dimmed
2018.10.21
Great times with my AMAZING friend Patti!! Happy birthday girl!!
Merci pour la photo J'adore passe un bon dimanche avec ta famille Gros bisous ma belle
Bad girls bend at the waist (45 Photos)
Boyfriend duties
I love and always love them but deserve love
our kings are beautiful
okay Just be hopeful
Bebe Rexha
You look so fine my small niny chocolate muffin
Outstanding artworks by
Comment below what you think about this dazzling artwork and double tap
Ate Matis
Omg
This is amazing!!!
Mere dil pe bohat bhara zulam he ye
You are soooo beautiful, ily
Fanart on point today! Lovely
Huhuhuhuhu, so sweet Jean Rose! Same to you!
los reptiles! Dale RT por su
you look amazing namjoon hope you had the best time ever in paris!
i love her w my whole heart
I want to make good memories this winter with you
Wants
Chemistry is the best subject ever
Tropa boa
1 day at a time BLove
ESTAS PRECIOSO MI AMOR
sorry for making you worried
Me too ! He acts like baby sometimes but mature the other time
[TWITTER] 181020 Wpis NCT 127
"#MusicCore
Czennie, udanej soboty!
I LOVE YOU!
I U
y hermoso tengan todos! A vivirlo con mucho amor
happy birthday babes have a fab day
FOLLOW every RETWEETER & LIKER
"IFB"
FOLLOWBACK all
Merci for blessing my day
If anyone of you is having a bad day and need someone to talk to, feel free to dm me. It'll stay between us.
Century for
Two of my favorite humans on the planet are now doodled. TOGETHER!
BECAUSE THEY ARE MARRIED!
TO EACH OTHER!!!
I honestly loved this weekend
still waiting on the day when I log in and scream my lungs out seeing you on my followers list please follow me, i love you
One of my Favs from home! Indianapolis, Indiana
Good night baby I love you
thank you!
Day in Tyler with my ninney
"My dance is more than an exact rhythm,
She is the expression of my soul
She is what words can not express "
My DM is open if anybody needs a talk without judgement, helping others makes me happy
I love u
Korg suka yg mana ? 1) Mexican Cock
me some Benny Hill!! Sure do miss watching him....and Monty Python!!
Ted's PM Deskercise of the Day - shrug!!! Tweet me with Ishrug to make it my favourite!
I love you endlessly T
been a pleasure to be able to play with you since so young. wait to see what the future holds.
Surprise Party
Own The Copyrights To This Music)
With my boyfriend
Vaaazhthugal For 1Million Followers In Twitter And Wishes For Bro
My princess wanted a pumpkin so I got her a little pumpkin
LOVE YOU SO MUCH
The word 'B!tch' is an endearment when it comes from a best friend
My favorite iPhone feature
Feliz bebe
amazing
I LOVE YOUUUUUUU
Cierto...
Eddie Redmayne excelled in the fields of singing and acting. I love
So much Love
Nee-chan! We look so good together
Thank you so much for your tweet! been saying this for a very long time! Thank you
Probably my favourite looking f1 car ever
aww bb es mucho mejor
you've worked hard baby i love you so much, rest well!
De ayer
Thanks bby
LOVE YOU PRESIDENT you are amazing
Omg he's so sweet he deserves all the love in this world
Love from Mexico
Luke5SOS: luke hemmings from 5sos, i hope one day i can meet you, pls follow me
OMG I love you. I cannot this enough.
Do you like orange?? Wow, you must see this amazing orange lipsticks! Tag someone who would this colour!!!
.
yieee loveteam
junto con y cantando en los
ayieeut thanks thanks po
been there, it's wonderful being paralysed by social anxiety eh i know you've got this!
Shawn me siguio el 24.4.18
I do love it when they want to help I hope they keep it up
Good Night
u did great with this video !!
My 2 favs
A Gril with A Gold heart and Pure smile
Told you love it.
Can't wait for your mixtape
.@YoursEesha & at
Watch LIVE
I am SO HAPPY to see you on here again I've had the notice on for you long time. So sorry
I adore the foo fighters
I missed you. (please ignore my huge fucking thighs.)
I love u both with short hair and long hair baby!!don't have to be so insecure sayang
AAA, O AMOR DA MINHA VIDA TODAA
Michael is absolutely beautiful
Will start studying for our 105-item exam later!!! YES KAYA TO
Yes nep! Finally someone that ea will listen to trying to start a change ... Your the fucking man
megaworld family
I luckily bought the ticket yesterday that you will come to Taiwan on 1208 concert in taoyoun
See my babies I just got an amazing photo of you and Obinna. I am just smiling like a mumu.
Valentine
This year you're mine datelvod_!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
I hope you enjoyed yourself and rested as well. We love you and value your health over anything
Matthew
joon, this song is totally good i hope you'll hear it
Halaaa. Hays
Happy Birthday gorg. I miss you.
THIS IS THE CUTEST THING I'M SO HAPPY FOR YOU
\O/
500! Vielen Dank euch Allen.
AVANT-MATCH TSG 1899 HOFFENHEIM-OL | QUI SONT-ILS ?
Follow me for a followback
believe was one week ago today! wait to put another one on in Chicago next year. :
||
Gonna cuddle you little sweetheart.
JE T'AIME MERCI POUR CE MERVEILLEUX CONCERT !!!
Je t'aime
happy birthday Queen
Happy Birthday our leader
Thank you for the words of wisdom this Sunday morning. Love ya
She see my sexy ass everytime she scroll
Aaaa Congratulations
we're so proud of u both The Minions
my dream guy in my dream city
thank you for the rec, love
Told some country fans this weekend they should check out feels so good to let others know how amazing his music is
e a perrie
Oh how wonderful! When we talk of this is how far we can take our shyt!
baby you look so good! pls smile as much as u can
I hope that Paris you will have marked Thanks
AVANT-MATCH TSG 1899 HOFFENHEIM-OL | QUI SONT-ILS ?
Who should be named Horse of the Year?
Roaring Lion
Stradivarius
Other (Reply)
Amazing atmosphere. Well done everywhere. I see little Boris (white dog) is there
I Sundays. And there'll be another one next week....
Querida Lisa
Wonderful cause
Good morning
Thanks!
5 years old today
Happy late birthday Thank youu
Season 2 Marathon!
let jus make a whole lot new memories
thanks babe
Oh wow! That is so cool! Love this!
Go habang wala pang exam
I love you, I miss you so much
Welcome!!
Happy Birthday Beautiful!!!! I hope you have the best day ever! I love you!!!!
i hope you feel better soon too!
Dinner here beef
Aww igual bb
ok po
AND I MISSED YOU TOO! It's been an extremely emotional roller-coaster for me this month, But
I love you namjoonnnn!!!
She's stress free & happy.
IU Baby Nam !!
Can't stop loving
your songs
Keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and so much to smile about
Thank you for being honest with Shane Jake! You deserve happiness and so much more. Keep being you because it suits you
x vinivicimusic playing at weraveyou
.
.
.
Last night was the
See you tomorrow baby!
Your Welcome, thanks to you !
You're amazing, I love you
You will. You really will.
thank you!
This man
Follow her ...
Aesi achi tweeper nahi milni
Congratulations to my fav couple
Crabs and shrimps Sunday
33 hrs with u
Thankyou mate and yes hopefully one day
Wishing u more happy returns of the day !!!!
Best wishes from fans and from
Vila eu te amo
Safe flight Hemy! From Thailand to Semarang, Indonesia By . Responsible &
Please take your time in getting healthier. Nothing's more important
Safe flight Hemy! From Thailand to Semarang, Indonesia By . Responsible &
Vote du dimanche
Merci toi chaton, thank you for this incredible weekend, the memories, the happiness. Thank you from the bottom of my heart.
Thank you Andeng
Every month
AVANT-MATCH TSG 1899 HOFFENHEIM-OL | QUI SONT-ILS ?
Get home safely
Hi Namjoon oppa How are you ?
Eu amo muito
Br Br Br Br Br
Thank you for everything
Amandinha
[ BTS 4th MUSTER ]
WW
6 WINNERS
[ RULES ]
RT & LIKE TO ENTER
FOLLOW ME
TURN ON NOTIFS
RETWEET TO GET NEW FOLLOWERS
Ooooh Beautiful
Good morning You are beautiful, powerful and amazing.
This is great!! Can we get a tweet on what the school food looks like as well??. that you are doing this.
Omg amazing I wait to see them next month!!!!
So proud of them
Yessss we ready
I LOVE YOU
happy birthday sista
The camera one. But i feel like the lights are somehow different in the iPhone one? Idk you look hot in both!
Beautiful
Me emociona ver cada
Zu
Omg. Just Love this. Look at her. . So beautiful.
route ;) Telegrafberget
YOU TOO your heels and eyeliner were perfect
thank you for being so wonderful
John Mayer
20th ODI century for Ro-hit
Thank you for the masterclass champ !!! We'll remember this for a long long time !
ESTAS BIEN HERMOSO MI AMOR AAAAAAAA
30 mins before birthday
my pinned tweet is
Thank you, CaSera!!! Love you, g!!!
Home-Based Sweepstakes Partnership Manager Job with
believe been 2 years rip hoke
me de ver esta foto mis tres amores juntas
I want to hug my mom
100% South African
Camping out
Counting stars
Beach bonfires
Finding love
Thank you friends
To HOT to be SEXY-
Hi Taylor
happy birthday to you! BK na ule uhmmm baka naman iloveyousomuch gurl thanks sa realtalks ha?
Yg mana satu ? Black big Cock
Header for
Support is appreciated
Ordens to dm
Congratulations
I sure would have
Merci pour tout
Sorry I couldn't stay long
PLEASE STAY HEALTHY BBY! DON'T YOU DARE TO GET SICK OKAY? LOVE YOU AND LOVE MONO ALSO
You're choosing colleges??? Wow! That's great! you
DO U KNOW WHAT IM SAYING? Christian Youtuber Everyone! Maymah Love u again for introducing me to this guy!
This song
good morning baby ily! get this toast
so pretty and i love how always send me serpent jewelry keep doing it
Well played KOHLI
Top class batting
De ontem
HAHAHAHAHA PASS MUNA DYAN PAR, PERO INVITED KA Miss you sammy!!
trying love do you have thanksgiving break too?
HOY NAKAKAIYAK YUNG BLACK CLOVER The best Black Bulls
Mader Sitang has a great
This should be made into a relaxation tape.
Happy birthday mama twist i love you
So happy for you
It's been a minute since I've played this favorite.
"For You" - Barenaked Ladies
Meu puto faltavas tu!!
Being happy and giving happiness to others what you and Maine do!
Morning
25 n 27 = my whole entire
I love you please smile a lot ilyt anon. i will if i have the chance amd reason to :)
Good Morning Sol thanks for this!
I love your twt icon!!! Happy birthday to our binnie
I added a video to a playlist COMO SACAR FOTOS ESTILO TUMBLR TRUCO PARA TOMAR FOTOS -
My heart and hopes go out to Anthony and you.
Twitter can be so negative sometimes. To brighten up my feed, post a picture of you and one of your favorite wrestlers
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!!! I hope you have the best day ever! I love you
20th ODI Century for Rohit Sharma .
what a player
congratulations
||
Gonna cuddle you right now, little sweetheart.
Ma girls
Happy birthday, I wish all the best for you.
Bj time
Happy birthday to my best friend of many many years Love you so much, stupidhead
I think I'll draw another one sometime later XD It's kinda funny to do hehe
Bon dimanche ma princesse, repose toi
140 (107)
Well played
Exactly One Year Ago today, and I STILL me some Him..Sylvester Dele Michael
Ah, I can see them omontle baby
happy birthday Shaniqua!! I hope you have an amazing day, ily
I LOVE YOU MY KING
Another mirror tease Meet with this chick
Cha Eun Woo
thank you, love you foreverrrrr
Hey I haven't heard from U in awhile, hope u r ok here's a picture of M.I.A. I know how much u like
I cried like a baby when I seen this on Facebook
And late night video calls!
Mana satu pilihan hati ? White guys cock
Quality Time with MiAmore
anw few more minutes until
the most beautiful love I have ever known
For my love for her will never roam
This heart of mine has
Yes a mess but blessed to be stuck with you.
The one and only Kim Hanbin
If you unhappy, change something. Quit your job, move. Leave your miserable relationship. Stop making excuses. U are in control
Incredible
Welcome to our family Dimitry Dale T. Flores . My baby boy Love na love ka ni tita
HIM SO CUTE
love you kid keep yo head up
Thank u
SO VIM DIZER QUE ELA DAS MELHORES PESSOAS DESTE TWITTER
Chewie
181021
this smile is my world.
Cris
So grateful for another day!
Thanks CMT! we actually remembered it this year
Melhor role de 2018
Thanks Charles, glad you enjoyed your cheese, the bread is from
Missing something
So naturally sweet happy, young, sweet face, lovely
baliw all the time
Yesterday, I took a picture with my (way cooler) I was so nervous
She's really nice
Thank you President Trump for looking at :
Love you
!! GRACIAS IGUAL PARA USTED, Q TENGA UN MUY FELIZ
Ron Damon!
I just this Twitter Thing!!Just started really using it this Year but to be able to reach
nicolex is officially my otp
Thanks mate. Much appreciated
i been holding this nigga down since i met him
ugh my bear
Already follow all dem misfits
Thank you so much for coming in France the 19th october was the best day of my life
thank you so so so much
Jgh
Well played CAPTAIN!!
I can't wait to listen to your new mixtape !!
Good luck guys
They are so beautiful together
Si go nay!!
.@YoursEesha & at
Watch LIVE
Minhas lindas
NAMJOON ERES MUY HERMOSO
That smile capture my
Make it happen!
The best sex I have starts in my brain
A considerate gent.
Same, ilysm
Century No. 20 for
Iniciando con toda la actitud
she gives me life
Congratulations to you both!! This is such a great picture!
Boyfried material
gosh you're so cute and handsome I love you so much our genius leader
Luke Hemmings should: please follow me
Such kindness
really know how to capture the best moments. Love these photos
awww fanboy JJ is so cute and Hyde is cute too
Follow me
LOVE MY PRESIDENT!!!
MAGA!!! KAG!!!!
KEEP THE LibTurds
You are my cutest little bean.
tired but fulfilled
missed you being part of it
Support got7
Stream lullaby to hit 50 million
Vote on
gente tocou miley, 1975, am e the nbhd
Nothin special I just love a whoooooolllleeee lot
October has been such an amazing month, I'm just so thankful
Play with Goddess.
I MUCH prefer being behind the camera
So hawttt
Irritating lol I love you and miss you too
You not missing nothing cold anyway lol
my zuigeling
My mother is my path to heaven
I love and appreciate you
Happy birthday to my best friend, other half and favorite person Im so so lucky to have you and am so thankful
YASSS It's time for a great show Guys
RVPH
Love my leader
.@MONUSCO
Uvira 2006, Sud Kivu, RDCongo
Fr I kno he would have love the kid
But when it's too big a problem is untrue. We will protect her cause normally we will don't give interesting them .
We are so ready for mono big bub
Love you
Ata
Sia - I am still here
Always the greatest
sorry for your lost, stay strong try to focus on something else i promise things will get better
Miss u
I wished you was coming too would love to meet u
I love my Girlfriend more then you love yours
kluvfantasy: ladyloveandjustice: Truly beautiful. My new fav moment of Yona so badass
(he sprained his ankle in leeds offended he remember)
So beautiful
i'm at the airport rn. see you guys when i'm in rome
Marcus you are a better manager then dt I just know it
Behind Every Awesome Woman; There is a Cat
Thanks dear sister.
I stand with Forever and always
RT
Thank you so much baby
MY HERO CHAMPION IDOL ALWAYS AND FOREVER ONLY WITH YOU
Hang with me
Boss rc
wait to go home and see my pals
Thankyou for being my bestfriend
This whole album, but these my favorites
These they are really sad
megaworld family
Ayeeee sekarang no 4
I would
i wish heaven had visiting hours, i would be up there all day and night!
AAAAAAAA EU TE AMO TANTO!
I love the Tongans, something else added to my bucket list is to experience
..
Le S !
stupid I hate you
Watched on
Short, Sweet and Simple
Mithila is adorable, Irfan is hilarious!!
stupid I hate you
Things may seem like an uphill battle. But the people that love you are behind you getting you up that hill
"Look at the flowers"... my ladies bought me my own for my birthday
I AM superior to negative thoughts and low vibrational actions from others. I forgive those who have harmed me
Me faz mtmtmtmtmt feliz
missin you crazy!
Corn is my one true love
He will babe I promise - but let them win and block your blessings
Corn is my one true love
36th ODI toh for Virat Kohli!
22nd while Chasing.
14th as a skipper.
8th ton in 2018
Day 3 & are running right now! I
Thank you for posting this my friend, one of my all time favorite scriptures.
C9 semifinals
footjob
Date day
I'm glad you enjoyed Paris!!
40 years today! My for this amazing woman just continues to grow every day. We are in our 5th decade
also our anniversary that day!!
You can take away your profile pic if you want, Parker, but your not invisible and never will be
I didnt think breakfast in miami could be so expensive. But he paid for it
If you are the Queen of naps, that makes you my Queen, because I love a damn good nap.
Yes, if you truly love animals, you treat them like family I'd love to have some again but at
customs broker in the making!! i love you
see you tonight it's gonna be round 4 hope you'll envoy the show as much as we will x
Thanks for letting me know! It's lovely I now only go to you for my cheese too
Bobby rated this movie 100 %
Valentine
This year you're mine mothsonly!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Sunday evening walk...
I love you so much
Wakin up in Nashville
Thank you and Ramdam namin ang pagmamahal. Know that you have us, ADN to come home to.
thanks abg
happy birthday brother love you dawg and hope you have good day
Followed
I love me some him ! We are not perfect people, but perfect for each other!
Met - 1994
with Dilophosaurus Artwork is the fourth contest participant!
.
Leave a to vote him!
.
AHAHHAHAHA ANONG HUMPTY CUTE NAMAN TAYO E HAHAHA THANK YOUUUU
hi po
My sweet buddy
Love you bro Jash forever
Followed all
If anybody needs a creator to support try W3bgemTV
Il mio habitat naturale
Take heart! You are *SO* not alone. The other replies in this threat ought to prove it to you.
Pot tea
I dun even ship them... But even i got so excited
Can imagine ur happiness.
Beautiful thread!
Sonic is such a treasure. What an amazing spokesman for the FGC
this is so gay holy fucking guf im
Happy birthday to my big sister Thank you for being the best role model to me. Only family will know how much
je I love you!
Love these beautiful faces/souls
Be ready guys to show our love to
Lets show the power of
Start Saving drafts
A little music with our breakfast this morning Sumner, Wisconsin
Sounds amazing
practice header for
&
Ms. LPU Batangas 2018 - 2nd runner up - Ms. Jeanette Reyes wearing Benedick Eroa Couture
Thank you for
Love it!!!
going to start posting videos of my fresh cut like the boys now ninyile
Me: Yey! Sembreak na.
Exams: Uy hindi pa!
Honest Reviews! Fayetteville, North Carolina
makrbumjae
thanks doll
my heart rn
YASSS It's time for a great show
Goodnight Baekhyun I love u Bobohu!
Valentine
This year you're mine rau2n!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
romance is still alive after all
Tbh, pag tinitignan ko siya nakikita ko si Noah Centenio
Captured by yours truly.
I love you and your little fam
Happy 9th Anniversary, boys. I love you so much
Thankieees
que show foda
missin you crazy
In just 10 Games King Kohli has 800+ runs In this Year so Far
36th Odi for King Kohli while chasing 300+ its
September was FUN! Thanks to everyone who made this experience unforgettable! Can't wait to do it all again
I'll tweet some pictures from today at as soon as I get home!
Love this song so much
How many of you are online ???
bloods ??
RT max
LOVE LOVE LOVE
1k followers, yay!!! Thanks to your constant support, we reached this milestone together! keep it going!
I love you joon
so blessed to have such a great father and mother. I love them to the moon and back
Omg how cute
RG! Monte Maria! ILOVEYOU JO!
Got for you too Big bro
sesuka ini sama narcos
aaaahjh
Powodzenia
Happy Birthday dear Steve!! Have a wonderful day!!
And by crap I mean CNN. HGTV is
Seen this adorable dog on my fb feed! Check out his eyes!
I love fresh flowers
I always pray for your health and happiness
Yieeee thanks kuya yancy
Feliz de la madre !!!
BET 1:
Start: 18h00 CET
5U -> 7.66U
Borussia M'gladbach (1.53)
& if you're on!
La tout
simplement
HAPPY our baby quail! Saranghae
(11) DAYS TO GO stay healthy & always happy babe! i love you endlessly PARK WOOJIN
Active Suriya Fans Hit the ReTweet button get reddy
today its his birthday . happy birthday sayang ..
Simple mente te amo
Babe parents are making me breakfast how cute
Birthday Girl
Wkwkwkwkw true! Plan our ship captain of perthsaint thanks to him
Well played The Run Machine
I love this
Ready to do something? Here you go! Dr. Connolly did. you can too! Friends let
someday.... i'll be able to stay at your side. Don't ever give up on life. I love you
happy birthday brer
Congratulations to my bub!!!
6 Colours Code RED30 For 30% Off All Full Priced Stock Everything Else Is Shop Now
NEW MUSIC COMING SOON .
Blvck Emotions
Lovely!
add This tag
While You Tweet
So proud of this girl! She set a goal and she crushed it. unstoppable.
Let your heart crack open
Jai NTR Jai Baalayya
Happy birthday bub hope a good one love you
Melissa and Joey is such an underrated series
YOU'RE PRETTIER THAN PARIS ITSELF
Take me back to Tulum
Okayyyy
Love this GIF
Labyu both!
becomes the second batsman to score 6,000-plus runs while chasing in ODIs after Sachin
Family time on Sunday is something I look forward to every week! Finally headed to see A Star Is Born w/ my mama & boo!
i'm inlove in everything about youuu baby
OMG CONGRATS WHAT A CHANGLIX HAPPINESS FOR YOU BABY JULS REST AND EAT WELL THERE!
love love love I know its old but it crossed my timeline this such an amazing
happy birthday sissy, love youuu have a great day
Home is when with them. Till next time people
I this more than anything in the whole wide world right now! Yes, I'm crying... with joy
Aye, let me take care of your heart
20th ODI Century for Hitman
Proud fanatic
Greatest ODI player
naraid66
vkaic0mcwsmn
U RM
~
Feliz
Siempre en nuestro
You look so awesome Joonie always
I love you and your pictures
Sending u good energy my brother
Um homem exemplar Kim NamJoon
Tinkerbell heart happy~
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH HONEY!!
Thank you thank you!
Done. He said Ranpika is too Englishy.. Lets name them Ranjhana-Draupadhi-Sangh
Thissss is AWESOME!!!!!
OMG. Just Love it. .
Pangga! Thankyou for the bracelet (I ROCCO)
Totally my jam you made FANTASTIC SONGS
Thankyou
Heaven knows
Congratulations always been phenomenal
Blessed
Roast, potatoes, carrots, Mac and cheese and corn beef and Kool aide in my house on this good soul food Sunday
Before you look for someone to love you, first look inside you & find it in yourself first.
Aw miss you too! I am well and I hope you are too
what aunts are for
Thanks
Te amo, bb
If anybody needs a Fortnite creator to support u if you use my name, W3bgemTV <3
thankyou for your pictures yixing are so adorable
BUENAZO
RICOS TRAGOS PERUANOS Y
How cute. Thank you
ofcourse
Sunday funday At home with Petit brunch maison et gossips
Follow&support
Ask me everything Please
!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Katie is going to Lubbock for 2 days and sad I see her but going to do amazing in cross country
with Dilophosaurus Artwork is the fourth contest participant!
.
Leave a to vote him!
.
Something I need to always remember!!!
Of course you do! Nearly everybody does! just the way you have been acting lately
No, than you namjoon I love you so much
Aw, thank you
this would be actual goals
Dino Expo then Aqua Dome hai this is exhausting but the boys are happy Emerald Resort & Casino
Finally had to put the heat on
I'm so sorry for your loss... If you ever need someone to talk to, we are always here for you
before and after silk press
You look so beautiful my honey prince
Ranveer - How is this lehenga?
Deepika - So pretty! Yehi pehnungi shadi me. Thanks Babe.
Thank you so much for this!!! You are very very kind.
HIIIIII
Buried our sweet coonhound, Sadie Lou this morning. Going to miss her terribly. I picture her in heaven with Buddy
Happy 2nd anniversary Joanne
Wish A Wonderful Birthday To 's Little Princess On Behalf Fans
I finished
Concordo demais baby
RIP Uncle Juke tell my papa I said we miss him down here & love him
Q
My heart is full
Can't wait I love you
Thank you for blessing our ears in Milwaukee.
congrats. You deserve it
I hear you a blessing for sure
Shooting Wrap
.@trishtrashers
Central Park
I love you, Nam
Central Park
I am Young , black, and beautiful. HELLO
Already following
Happy? Yes.
First, let me say, and watch every night and are in his
Truck drivers that move to the left, and indicate so that you can overtake them safely. Love them loads!
How excellent is on this afternoon, kids loving it along with their old ma
You did amazing and I'm super proud. Pls rest well.
A big congratulations to on the birth if her beautiful child wishing you all the best from here
I need one
36. Favourite album ? non kpop but its souled out by aiko
So looking forward to Sunday fun in Norwich next week
Je
80 (+20ems)
amazing for my parents to be here and cook for me!
me, the ugly one
IGs Nik: Ayoko na! The ever supportive Kuya Nik! Thank you for supporting and loving MayWard My gawwwd puso
You see the depths of my heart and You love me the same.
Who is ready for BET 1?!
TAP if you are IN for our evening challenge...STARTING NEXT
miss out!
sending all of my love to him & you, dear
Oh, Nancy.
i love you
I love you!! Thankful for your support
I love having talks with my sis
Them white folks love me fr fr gimme all your money ! I want some too .
' De sempre e pra sempre, meu Amorzinho ele
Cr kimhanbintrash
I made 1000 origami cranes for hanbin "wishing for what heart
Thank you so much. So do you with your positive post! God bless you also
My son rlly is my bestfriend & love all in one
you look very chio! no....but thankuuu
La experiencia mas linda. me traigo muchas cosas hermosas. gracias x todo Stroeder
happy birthday to my aunt kim
Lol the loml already exists Ka dlala ey
Thank you for shopping with us
Product received
(30 CAPSULES) kay FDa Approved
sa tanang naka appreciate sa akomg hataw nga performance (which includes my amazing voice) thank you, and thank You, amazing jud ka Lord!
wait to start my Christmas shopping for my little princess today
Happy Sunday
also, congratulations for the minions! JUARAAAKKK Denmark Open 2018 (ps: jujuuurr td pas bola kalah w
The best
Another worthy waiting session fangirl hearts filled with joy thank you ~MISGBCast
You deserve love and you'll get it.
Good Night TwitterLoves!
La Ley de Ueki!
si la has visto!
Idk why am I so addicted to this track
So proud of them
Youngest of my twin daughters , Naomi , sat with me watching a Sunday afternoon movie.
You are awesome
If I could like this a thousand times over I would. So proud of you!!
These women and their words Funny, moving, talented, challenging, thoughtful, touching and inspiring.
(I love gays, I love lesbians, I love traps point is! I Love them all and u do anything about it. ( ) )
Day 3
Done! User is the same as here
Thank you so much
some of my beautiful work i hope enjoy
if you watched this, it would make my year
Happy happy birthday, enjoy your day
In that order. Love you back fam
Awwwww
A year ago was the day I said YES! Indeed, time flies when having a great time still believe it
Thank u torien
.....one of my favourite places
verdade brother
watching toy story hey jake
I care imy seat mate
naraid66
umkvlgfvt$x0
Isso miga, bom dia
Thanks everyone for the nice messages last night, really appreciate it
Here I got some unseen pics
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH PRECIOUS
Watch footy take a afternoon nap get up go eat dinner with my most favourite people
welcome sis. miss you and love you text me when you can.
I do follow you Mum
I don't listen to reggae that much but I love this song.
Heart This If Your Not A Fake Account I'll Spam
The first episode was so much fun!!!!!
Loved loved loved it. Deepika and Alia were so good
We are ready for tonight
Please help support us
Claroooooo
One of my favorite verses!
Verona - Italy
.
Picture by matteorighiphotography
for a
No merci toi
Rejuvenated me Happy to have shared the experience with you girls!
happy birthday
The Heart Wants What It Wants
JOOOOOOOOOON
I love Emily Wilkinson
because acads is over, its time to watch vlogs again. i really miss watching your vlogs alex!!
this is why i fell in love with Yoon Jisung,
Yoon Jisung-ssi, thank you for your debut
Thank you and Ramdam namin ang pagmamahal. Know that you have us, ADN to come home
Exactly
Oh my perfectly framed cheeks love amazing red thong best gorgeous I like it I love it
Sean felices amigacha recomendalo para q todos sean mas felices t
- Shahrukh Khan
debut co star and closest Male friend in the industry probably be the chief
i love you
God bless...RIP Lewis
sorry for stealing the last vogue
Thanks
I love you, thank you for this energy and reminder keep shining Queen, keep growing
The king. My king
They are another plant I my Agapanthus are all in pots. Are yours in beds?
In Lox heaven
Happy birthday auntie I hope you have a great day and a restful day. See you tonight
Thank you veere
You did a good job namjoon-ah The 6 mins and so on is all worth it!
So
LOOK
Yugyeom
Each morning we are born again.
Every new day is a day to start a new.
Get up knowing that you have the power to change today.
I love your drawings
DE CITATIONS POUR TA BIO .
thank You for overflowing kindness everyday.
Gracias, gracias, gracias
Done
AJSHDKDNT THANK YOU
Pretty
FAZ ESSE BICO DE NOVO PRA TU VER SE EU TE BEIJO TODDYNHO KKK
so proud of us
I love you forever meri ruhi meri jaan
Khayal rakhiyega apna Biwi
And I'm sorry..
Relationship perfect
LOOK
Yugyeom
really forever
&
Since 2012
really cool that you are chill w non-female followers. thanks for that haha -a gay fan All love
Love
Happy Birthday our leader ~ thanks for everything , have a great day
This is so beautiful
Ma je
Fair or Dark skin?
It doesn't matter in love
sauf toi
Hi grace Awweee hello anon
Have a lovelies
Mega Wochenende
LOOK
Yugyeom
Dear heavenly father,
Thank you.
Na DevulluBabai Abbay
Chalu Devuda
The girls arriving at the today
Don't cry Maria
LOOK
Fin~
Yugyeom
I'm so proud of us French army ! we did well
Wow. X
YEEEEYYYY, be braggin abt havin a friend like u later
I love being able to give. God has truly blessed me.
Merci toi
Thank you
Congrats Ladies !
thanks for making europe beautifuler
20/10/2018
Ingani akoa fanlights puhon ggbong coming dis december
Im already so proud of you!! laban lang
THANKCYOU SO MUCH DNSKSKZ
Te amo Seokjin
Amazing moment on so many levels!
M so excited for Babe enjoy. Have fun love u.
Congrats marriage is a beautiful thing so happy for you both cherish every second
HI I WANT TO FIND THESE GUYS I MET AT THE CONCERT SPECIALLY THE SPANISH GIRL PLEASE RT
HEY JE VOUDRAIS
Anche se in ritardo
Much for
Yeah later
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH BABY
Thank God for
in Hoyo
Castillo San Felipe de Barajas
Mais surtout, merci BTS !
Love goes hand in hand with tolerance
They are so handsome
More of this please!
thank you so much you pass
Most meaningful moment of yesterday with
Becouse the sun attracts everything near it
Quiero mucho a Natalia
coming from Telugu pre-release event Hyd
Happy Birthday, Luke
First, let me say, and watch every night and are in his
Love you
181021 D-Day
Park Min Young first fan meeting
HQ pic
-
Breakfast With My Friends
Thx kesayangan incess
our 13 Year Anniversary!!!! Feeling Mighty Thankful and Blessed !!!!
come to melbourne so i can see you pls and thanks
Just a Appreciation tweet.
Such a GODDESS
I you Pokimane
My friend friend got engaged last night it was beautiful!
heating on and roast dinner love a lazy Sunday
If they're meant for each other, whatever happens, they'll always end up to be together.
Happy birthday to this beauty...up there with the greats.
5 days to go my love
Growing Thank God for the day
Gotta be honest, you reply.. made tears hope you are having the Best day so far.
Please come visit store at Montalban Town Center, 2nd floor beside UNO. Thank you!
961022
NEW GAMING VIDEO
LAFTRIP TONG SI BOY SIPA
DONT FORGET TO LIKE COMMENT AND SUBSCRIBE HIT THE
You Got This Baby Keep Fighting
Babe, my 22nd birthday Can I get a special tweet?
sjksjsjs te amo
Happy our be happy always
thank you for this!!!
aw !! lucky to have you too bae happy birthday and i love you
Can i be your princess ?
Happy Sunday! A day of purity for me........ Pure kinky fun! Anyone wanna peel these off for me?
The right time to bring this back
This thread is what we need. Thank you for doing this.
Thanks for the follow
I love this
take all the time you need
I need to take this sexy to dinner Add to Snapchat - BlushSnaps.
A perfect creation of God sjskshjavshd
I just love this
Namjoonieee so cute ILOVEYOU JOON and so excited for mono.
I am also so thankful
I need you
Thank you
Woke up high af fuck you Cleetus
happy birthday to the one and true love of my life
Hugh Grant
Desde 2014/2015
Leche ka talaga eh. Lamoyun?? Love kita Dee
Absolutely love this. .
SOMOS PORCOS
Merci toi Kim namjoon
thank you!!!!!
We are complementary. You can do what I can not, I can do what you can not.
I hope you are having a great day. You make everyday a little easier with your poetry
shares her moments from the Sets Of with
Woow thalaivar Looking So
My Is full today as I reflect on last week. clients celebrated losing 20 lbs in weeks and 2 clients
Moments!
O Melhor
Thank youuu
Happy Sunday! I hope you have a great day/evening!
now listening
Yes much. Love
Awwww he's the cutest
.
For the princess
.
Celebration started fa
Advance Wishes da
Thanking God for unanswered prayers! Everything is always working out!
You are so kind cash app is very convenient
Make sure you're giving your mind the good stuff.
Happy birthday bes
in my group im the hard one , felicia the shit talker and Shenoah the crazy one.
I love you too Koko thank you
Happy Sunday
Wherever at in life right now, remember you have purpose. Everything in your life may be
Thx for sharing
thank you, Lord!
I miss you more
Boa sorte meus nenes, VCS CONSEGUEM CARALHO...
Club Santos
Asche bochor abr hobe..
Duas porque ontem foi mto bom
Happy Happy birthday to our passionate, CHARISMATIC, One and Only Leader of iKON, Kim Hanbin Be
Thank you so much, I really appreciate this. Your love really means more than you can imagine rn!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 22nd TO MY BEAUTIFUL LITTLE SISTER!! SO PROUD OF YOU . LOVE YOU!!
Annyeong RM Indonesia when???
I really want the cold weather now so I can wear my long sleeves and my jackets
thank you for the lovely spam
Idc what happens shooting the biggest shot at Sza when I make it!!
Jake is 12, diabetic and going blind. A piece of bacon is the least I can do for him.
I follow back
so happy for you honey
Want LIFETIME No cost JOIN Webtalk featured on ABC News. Earn Up to 50% share in revenues for
Nacional Nacional
Thank you for being the Lesson , the real love & the true friend all at once
Love you beyond words.
God bless you always
Thank You
Czech dumplings are divine! My mom makes them every Thanksgiving at my request.
Omg, I love this article.
Thanks Emily!
so crazy how i tweet that then a shoutout
my fav leader
4 and a half years with my love
tots abt jasmin chua A brave woman with a pure soul and heart of gold.
thank you so much
There's nothing more comforting than a grilled cheese
Exacto
0 spoilers :3
Stunning
15 years passed and it still hurts R.I.P baba. I miss you
could you follow me if you're online? i love you a lot i can't wait to see you in paris
Owhhhh. Send my wishes for her. May she be healthy and happy Happy birthday
That is awesome! gonna steal that w/my daughter. She is 6 and will be in amazement!
Valentine
This year you're mine falsum_Sirenum!
And you, whom will be yours?
amazing
Max is two years so cross our fingers and hope
Wadid, I fucking love you.
Buenos
Monnie... YOU ARR MY ANGEL
Very large, beautiful creatures! Was fortunate enough to be able to night snorkel with them recently.
I wait for this day
Love the pronunciation of Tipperaahry.
Sunday rice and chicken is a must
I finally know how it feels to love ppl and they show you the same love in return
My little humbug
Congrats, what a feeling! It shows the value and impact you both have on each lives.
Goonies never say die!
It's not about Wales or books we confess but WOMBAT
All good things come in Juno Beach, Fl this is the shot I wanted on my first day. not the best
All of this!
really beautiful
I miss you too!!
Awesome perfect sexy cute best amazing love bra gorgeous I like it I love it
my bad , i'm late ... but always babe , i gotcha' i love you too .
Thank you queen ilysm
My
my point guard
thank you for helping me to get through.
Roh me touche
Pls watch & support our film TAKIPSILIM
Just Thanx for this bro!!
Te amo gata..
Halsey- without me
My baby.
5 years ago and right now.
Watched Halloween last night I loved it. The whole movie had a classic feel to it
oh elli this is beautiful
so excited for Gabi ng Lagim!
Perro cobarde
so much blessed for this day, thank god
velitas! :')
Ya no crescas .
I love u.
Nadia thank you sweetheart...just a bad day i guess
Menamore
Kaya siguro I choose not to have a boyfriend because I have her
Ooooh Tiff! Shep looking after your state!
May Allah bless those who never failed to answer my questions
And that!!!!! x
Thank you ate!!
Hey 18 from Manchester
tyL for this daaaay!!
Gummy baby
Mandu cheeks
Yes, this is a same person that snatched my heart
What a view talaga! I really recommend this venue Perfect for relaxation.
When teething makes you miserable, sleep always helps.
Sending love
First, let me say, and watch every night and
6. All time fave, always. One Direction I stan!!!
Beautiful message.
Love you
sige ba camsi!! >:^( wub yuu
Nothing better than having Mum down to visit for the weekend as an early birthday celebration
Within Temptation Espoo Metro Areenalla!
Espoo Metro Areena
I want to wake up crying... but how can I not? Thank you for an amazing tour, beautiful Namjoon.
She's errr'thang!
Yes girl yes I love you girl
HI BABY!!! I LOVE YOU
These tweets are the highlight of my day, Ellie.
to wish for another wish
Check out my whole cover on my YouTube channel Link in Bio
uwu thank you!! indeed i will!!
is now online
Thank you God for allowing me to see clearly than I was before
POTANG INA HAHAHAHA HINDI KA MATATAKOT SA ASONG TO EH CUTIEEE
Thank you for everything. You will always be and forever be my favorite leader From WIN to Mix and Match.
Grandkids time. Maybe I can play on Twatter later. Stay safe patriots
Stay strong
giving you all my love
I'm in denial of my thesis so let's do a QnA here!
Just ask anything and I'll try my best to answer!
LOVE this!!
Cheer up babe! Miss and love youuu!
I love when he runs by high fiving them! So precious
Thanks gal
Love
I LOVE YOU KINGS YOU DID SO WELL!!
TANGINA MILKTEA FOR 8PESOS!!!! SARAP SA HEART
Omg watched this performance so many times
I love you so much I'm so proud of you all your doing amazing sweeties!
source of happiness
love like Nutella
The world is filled with nice people If you find one...Be one
MINGYU REALLY BECAME RED! I LOVE YOU GYU!
Those pigtails!
WHO GAVE YOU THE RIGHT TO LOOK
SO DAMN HUGGABLE
ugh my heart hurts
NOUS SVP POUR SON ANNIVERSAIRE LES GARS
Omg the first male nfl cheerleader. I Stan so hard! Amazing work babes
What song, cousin?
Te amo hermosura :3
Ahhhhh ty ty!!
Love you so very much. You've shaped such an integral part of me
okay shs im coming for u!!!!!
happy birthday gorgeous! Live long and prosper darling! Cheers
My Sunday afternoon
happy birthday court! keep tearing it up on the court love and miss you!
Petite pour
Thank YOU!! MY DEAREST MALDITA!! HAHAHAHAHA
love u jinnieeee please rest well
so proud and beyond happy for you I love you so much!
My wife is gorgeous af
Captain
Hope you're feeling better we missed you
Last Night Was Def Loveee Sorry Who Missed It
happy birthday kak rinn!! hope u had a lovely day today
YOU'RE THE BEST
literally one of the prettiest girls ever what is wrong with that girl Thank you sweetheart!
Ninja now streaming Fortnite, go show them some love
Pro girl Bonnie yesterday a first and a third yesterday at Beaver Hall but more importantly more points in the
And Happiest Heart
All the remilekun I know are beautiful creature
I need God in every
single moment of my life
Khala Aween new angel Ara Nur Zunaira and Baji Aween little prince Sheikh Qalif Muzammir Welcome to this
I have a filter on but Thank you
so lucky to have as a friend & I hope she knows I truly appreciate her
Hanbin love's mickey mouse
guys, this site is very helpful for different sorts of tutorials:
Thank you Lord for everything.
Help this Nub out
Omg love it! He is a true romantic!
huy stay strong!!
Uh just saw this and stole it
Paabutin niyo naman kahit number 2
Click (and subscribe )
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
power couple kaayo
Sunday is a day of worship, so drop tobyour knees and worship these (o)(o)
Happy sweet 16 gabby!! Ilysm:))
Valentine
This year you're mine _dinowoo!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Congratulations you won both Hampers
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Awesome piece from Sports!
Mature Mother Son Sex.
Mine arrived yesterday.
TOBY IS ALIVE WOW HAHAHAHA congrats ate ellen!!! U deserve this
doing great!
Congratulations King of Creativity indeed. So well deserved.
The unexpected moment is always sweeter
I like u cuz you're so polite and mabait
Love Guerilleros goes in the eye of tiger
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
As someone who just discovered the love of photography the last few years, this speaks to my heart!
i love you thank you
Y
O
U
A
R
E
A
M
A
Z
I
N
G
And I'm grateful that you are in my life
Take care my role model
last night was really a blast
I added a video to a playlist Bi Hubba Bubba ABC
REST WELL KING
heart and soul
Daily NAP - Runs in the 4.00pm Cork!
REASONING: "Won going away despite some interference late on last
Mother's love as wide as the ocean
YA SABES!!! But thank you sm!!
A little fyi I love Leslie Sm bc always remember my
That is not a really good statement, Mr. Cleese is not a mount of any kind (but I agree, he is tall)
That's great
yesterday was a day very well spent with
Hora do papa
learned nothing but the best from d one and onli shayin mari.. ;^) mwamwa
You okay Lilo?
3D Portrait love
6Hours Work
Tattoo Addict
My BetterHalf Eyes
Home.
I love my family
They happy , I happy
Stay strong you are not alone
It's our one year anniversary
Thank you so much honey boo
Tweet of the week!
Good morning my love Love this I am home when I'm with you. I always want to be in your
Within Temptation Espoo Metro Areenalla!
Espoo Metro Areena
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
not the childhood pictures I love you so much best friend!! a blessing to have around. thank you so much!
Thank you Abby
Bora welcoming jun, seoyoung, dongmyeong and kiseop to feeldogs exhibition
Harshad and Jennifer both are equally talented they are powerhouse of talent
When are you going to show princess?! We want to see her fast! Not too late!
I saw those! I love this idea
Huge respect for you
3KCOC
The raptors won yesterday yes mfs
Happy birthday sayang
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Tell me who love you I bet I love harder
I JUST FELT LIKE SAYING THIS -Kezia
U are worthy we r all worthy of having each other's follow no
best 22 minutes of my life
Me as a fansite:
ready to mail the gift for your bday sir!
Happy Birthday to my girl, hope a great one.
Look how cute we are
Story of my life. But the few that check up, I love more than anything
Watching GIRLFRIENDS reruns on a Sunday
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Thank you so much for singing
Walking through
Only with you
tbh ilysm more
Welcome, Gyuri & Minhwan
now, I'm your father and is your mother
I swear i'll be a good father
Thank you you too girl!! Rock that stage!
Khaled Javad Kadhem is an Iraqi professor of university who serves pilgrims of Imam Hussain proudly
eyes open is so good and it doesn't get the recognition it deserves
It is fabulous to see you are in good health! We are so happy you had the service you needed with
Yes! A proud chevenar
I pray you see the light soon
urbel dont go anywhere ya
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
That is not a really good statement, Mr. Cleese is not a mount of any kind (but I agree, he is tall)
I'm glad to see you're enjoying your time in Paris ! Hope to see you next time Joonie I love you
What I woke up to her hair is getting so long
Sorrir smp.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE BADDEST TOBIKKO I KNOW (AKA MRS YAMADA )
been such a light around
Good morning
So i found a photo of the result of the Manila.
(i wish someone actually captured the whole
Thank you for your kind words. I am a big fan
Best of all, it's searchable on twitter
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHHAH MEU DEUS MORRI
Yes please, love the eye palette
Hello my boyfriend
Thank you so much mamas
i hope you know that i love your pics a lot
All the lows I feel are always worth every little high I go through with you
hier soir j'ai revu Interstella 5555
Yixing is killing me with his ENGLISH. Namanana
Aaaaaah
Jojo...
Happy Birthday have fun today and enjoy yourself
I love my boyfriend so much! that boy there has my heart in his pocket
Do you maintain, use, or know of projects that use MagiCLI? If so, would to get some feedback
Right now (6:11 PM)
I have found the love that I've been looking for... it was there all along
That's the way it should be!
I Choose Happiness
You hit my phone back love what happened the other night ?
Feliz cumple
Paid Art Commission!
Client:
Time: 45mins
Price: 50R$/$0.25
& Are Appreciated!
Namjoon oppa looks so cool
Remember ARMY love you
That walk is vicious
Be watchful...
The grace of God appears suddenly
Without warning to an open heart
Temos que fazer urgente
November 16th!!
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
wait until my necklace comes in so i can have my mans name on my chest
Yes I did need it
No I'm not sorry...
Hi...
My name is Juice
new here
Heard twitter is a fun place to be
Expecting a lot of love from
She confidently trusts the Lord to take care of her.
- Psalm 112:7
yes thank you and i love ya
Your favor is my delight
Me- Grammy are you not going to church?
Grammy- no rather talk to you god love Grammy Kay.
Love ya kmilly thank you
Ahh I remember I was really happy that day when I watched this performance
She looks absolutely stunning.
That cover was fire
And why I only have one bestfriend
Happy 62 beautiful we miss you more today than ever before.
Love you forever,
kkkkkk
23 minute yoga exercise done. I feel good. it was a detoxing exercise. fucking great, I loved it
You are so talented
(Little late but) Happy three years little Stark nugget!!!! Worth every mile we drove to adopt you.
Happyy birthdayy cousinn Loveyou
FILM OVERLAYS PACK!!!! || Thanks for 880+ subs!!!
i missed you tons. we need to have more nights like last night!!
Picking someone to win now!
Sure baby.
Great Reply.
wow so happy with where both at, I love you
Sophia via Instagram Stories
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
This is
Aww I adore u
Thank you Oscar
Yeah I think you need to show off that tight little on screen again
Many thanks guys for all that you are doing for us!
mah bb
Marika via /r/Hotchickswithtattoos
This picture brought tears to my eyes this morning. I have so much hope for this election
I had to that thread. I will go through it when I have the time
El outfit
gonna wait for your dance cover!!
ur beautiful
Cutie I really miss her
Sending Red Fox and support to and today
Such a nice feeling having everything done and being able to chill out on a Sunday
Happy Birthday Luke!
Merci Namjoon ! Je t'aime
NOVA dipped in mayo-ketchup
RICH KIDS AND THEIR TOSTITOS CAN CHOKE
Small acts of kindness is why they are so loved
Obrigado, bro
Pikunan and asaran with you is my fav.
Thought of you
Sophia via Instagram Stories
I love ya and I miss ya
The intense moment of Happiness...When they met in person Daniel and Kate!
Gluten Free
hi babe
Bravo, Chris
hii can you follow my? ily
Deep breaths. Shoulders back. Head held high. Inhale this positive tweet. You got this x
BUDVA
.
.
Thank You
Support
Today is the birthday of my favorite person in this world my bestfriend my love everything i hope he has the
Merci mon ami
Ginuk ginuk
kilala ko since elem, tapos until now ang cuteee
Congrats to Betsy and Rachel! Such a fun night celebrating! Decades
Don't give in and always fight for the truth.
When You Will Come Pakistan.We Want To See You In PSL-4 .. Love You
Flexi pants main yyyy so stressedddddd....YOU ARE AWESOMEEEEEEEEE NEVERRRRR FORGET THATTTTT
I have always felt New Yorkers are a very special community that exudes humanity. This clip is a sample of that
White hot chocolat
Thank you Lacey and same to you And thank you for sharing your beautiful photos of your gorgeous self
You can submit your picture or someone you love in halloween costume below!
Come on! Don't be shy
I love you
TAN HERMOSOO
Por ter vc
Always thankful to to her characters.
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
venven ur such a soft bby it's because people around me are bunch of cuties uwu and i'm sure you're one
bom dia
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
love you Meg
Sam Smith
36th ODI for Broo...
Always love youuuu Brooh ...Keep Going on
Thanks for the verses
Mais que amigos, friends
happy birthday
Level up level up level up
Thankyou guys!! Loveyou! Advance happy birthday sa October babies!! Bon
Well, thanks for the hardwork everyone all for iKON..
Mi favorito
Love it
Thank you Bacolod
happy yesterday was my 26th bday
CHADA BAYA JUD NI!!!
Yessss pooo
hit habang naay timeee
Meant to say it yesterday but Seth calling me aunty Beth is my favourite thing ever
Cutie kkuk at the back
And you gave the best of yourself. I'm so proud of you, and i love you so much
I hope you can rest a lot
I truly know where be without
3
Our Jonginnie is so cute The moment he lift up his shoulder tho, adorable! I am wishing his happiness
A real art
Good to hear that. Glad doing well
To the moon and never back.
Karen e Geoff presentes no com o Liam
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Ami Muito . Show
Sophia via Instagram Stories
Oh my awesome best lace booty panties perfect sexy love gorgeous I like it I love it
:| thanks to for my new header!
About to go see my NaNa
IJS LA ROMPIMOS
Kalunitos de
Ameen
All The Best
Pareshaan mat karna sabko
It would have! Next weekend weather permitting
Show love for your elderly by getting them SureSafe personal alarms.
Know more about our wide range of
Jack has such an expressive face.
thank you for theses photos. thank you for always thinking of the Armys
We love you
Sure sure, thank you
under MEDs for the same reason
Ithis!
Congresswoman
Congrats sa inyo
15 years passed and it still hurts R.I.P baba. I miss you
Morning FaceTime w my Audrey
Chengcheng today in his way to Seoul
My boy Coco at the holiday kennel while his mum is away to respite
Teeeee amooooo infinito
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Thumbnail for
"BEST CLASS BO4"
Aviiis plzz
&if you like this and for help me
Valentine
This year you're mine Khxud!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Aww te tanto
Happy birthday to the beautiful and bad asf
/ |
/ /
/
/_/
Everything you ever wanted
Up finna prepare for church
hii can you follow me? ily
Amazing support thank u
Sachi baat
TE AMO MUITO
Goodbyes na :( 4years with ssc
My son is 2 and not even mad he really drawing hearts
Motivo do meus sorrisos
Never a bad day when you get to listen too
MUCHAS GRACIAS TOTA!!!,
Thank you, Lord. We lift everything up to You now.
Bby!!!!!
3 years with these makciks gonna be fun as hell
Congratulations you have always been an inspiration to many in many different ways..All the
lucky enough to wear the silver state jersey proudly
Chandler
Minha rapaziada
Thoughts and prayers my friend, thoughts and prayers
Be still my heart
An afternoon well spent...
Now, time to go home Wray Castle
|| Thank you. I have an too.
I-Noes:
3 years later
STREAM DON'T WANNA CRY
99,703,162 views
give me your time , I'll make it really meaningfull
You can see other's life and think that they're better than you but their life might be worse than yours, so say alhmdulilah
Story time
Today is Mother's Day in Argentina Happy Day#PeteMitchell
I need this version of Risk It All next year on tour Ma boy is fucking talented
Yes! So through to the Area Finals of thank you to the judges & my family for the support
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Girl, im touched
affair off to the little guys game! Then spending the night with and blessed. Love him so
So true...and smiling at the same time. I love how they warm my heart!
Umm-al Dunya
Yes Toni is one of the wonderful ones
September 15 2018
"I will always stay by your side now and forever Felix Happy birthday Felix wish you all
There are lots of great styles of winter coats at McTaggarts!!
Awnt
Its niceeee Rabi
thank y'all for following me
i wanna be mutuals with everyone, so, if someone wants to talk or just goof around dm me
Dois da poha desses bicho
Time to head home to London Disneyland Paris
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Dungarees and lols. Another brilliant afternoon on - I love my job (photographer
The arsenal are back tomorrow
yes, you are beautiful and worthy not because how you look but because you're here still living life despite
Focus on serving others and not being served. This morning's message.
High school friends
absolutely proud of my boy fantastic win in the USA
Well done Champ lov ye lots
Thank You Kurt
Bae-by
you make my go
Beautiful!
also good morning
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
no date isn't so bad at all.
Had so much last night
AHHHH everything in me was watching this video
Since 2016
my happy pill as always
happy birthday, so i hope happy, and thank you so much
Sorry to hear that ): ~ Allah ir7amu
stay strong!! i love you so so so much we will fight and get through whatever this piece of shit in office throws at us.
No other name, but the name of Jesus!
No other name, but the name of the Lord!
kangaroos on the moon
Love this
okay. You look
9. What I hate most about myself!
There's nothing to hate Spread love!
I don't really care most of the
Kyeopta
Namjoonie, I'm excited to listen to your new mixtape Hope that you release it when I'm at home and not at school Love you
Love you too bear
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
New Megan directing her christmas movie picture shared by the hair stylist on set!
I'm Just Saying... ye To Iss Janam Main Namunkin Hai... Both Lovebirds
There's nothing sexier than a man who is in love with his woman and is not afraid to show it.
Fit that
Lovely pic Happy Birthday
Oi!?
Priyanka Chopra
their mutual co star and friend always been there for Deepika and Ranveer,
What a night!!! rocking out with Rick Springfield! Thanks Rick!! Your the best! -Sonja Ann Jones
Queen of all womanhood as far as this concerned.
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
and have something in common. They both protect a child's right to love both parents
Feliz Madres!
Kiss and Make Up my new favorite.
Man Idk .. I wanna go to the doctor either. Thanks for askin tho ma
Count Me In
Great weekend with great people..
: friendlyy & cheerful!!
: 7/10
: hiiii ateeee!! hope u're doing fine hehe isa ka sa nag welcome
This is why we love you Mirai
ily cuz ur my everything
2 min Silence for those who were trolling him after this tweet because the Sun has risen very
Flags Towards Holy Karbala
this one!!
my best birthday My home
I had the best weekend with the best people
Another 10 days may Allah ease everything
hella heart eyes for chan eunwoo
In my fav Belle outfit! This is precious!
Love u too brother
Still streaming
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR THIS OMG
Dodo hehehehe
India Will Win Today
So proud of you Adam! Keep it up and dream higher love lots pinsan.
You are the most amazing person ever.
my happy pill
Yeah.. I am supporting mean I am a fan yet.. I am definitely though
S i x t e e n S t r o n g. The reason why there's fight in
+1
no man, don't worry, joking around with close friends is positive and good
OMG, I just loved that!!! LOL!
I am so sorry.
itsniladawn birthday was dope and nobody was taking that away from me...I love you more than words ma ma! Keep
Constant. Consistent.
Are you ok?
Thank babe
I hope you feel better soon big booty Judy.
Happy 1st anniv babe i love you!
Ah safe mate, my bad
Go michele loveyou forevs
THANKS DUBAI!!! Wow, Netball is in a GREAT place in the UAE! Love the passion this sport has all over the world
believe leaving for Twitchcon this week.. so excited to see my TK ladies, streamers, and friends
Oh my the sweetest baby face
We absolutely this! Such an inspiration! challenge to be mindful of what, why, and how we consume.
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
TEAMWORK!!!!!
really had fun today with y'all!!!!
Within Temptation Espoo Metro Areenalla!
Espoo Metro Areena
always active for you slimeee
Thank you so much for including me my friend
...feeling nostalgic
going to kove you more than anyone
irving osorio, Thanks for the follow and please feel free to RT and our pictures.
Happy birthday to the most wonderful and amazing guy !!
You are already 23 baby
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MY LOVE
thank you po! Yey!
icone mesmo
Fiesta for her second birthday was a success. I love you so much B
Happy anniversary Love
couldn't have said it better. love these two!
Last night was fun
GOODMORNINGeveryone have a great Sunday
It's a treat to watch them bat together king Kohli HITMAN
omg happy birthday gorgeous so big
Brunch (at Lounge in New York, NY)
I feel this but we can do it together
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
My twitch is follow me if like , follow everyone that comments here as fast as I can
181020
Where you at focus
:
now you can fangirl and watch concerts just like the rest of us Thanks for the three years of
Good morning,
Awww Will pass on the message.
peach baebae
Thank you for being there to help us along the way, I love you more
Hitman
How can hate this little dumpling I love you Jennie.. Always and forever please rest well my
slightly serenading and showing his affection to his wife by singing by Bread! I these 2
HAUP HAHAHAHAJAHAHHA THANK YOU SAM LABYU TO THE MOON AND BACK TO BACK
This boy loves to snuggle up when it's cold.
No problem happy to help hihi
.
.
Love you honey
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Cleveland, Ohio
TULASI YOU ARE SO PRETTY...I MEAN WBK BUT STILL
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Love u too
Thankful for friends nga maminaw saimo always
<3
i lost all my memories the past is gone new beginning Thanks Jesus
Thank you baby
You know how much I am so fond of you ! Thank you so much Sister love you so much
I love you hottie so good seeing you!
Market Cap: $211,698,685,003
BTC Dominance: 53.63%
BTC: $6548.49406527
ETH: 0.03178457 BTC
XRP:
I hope you're all right brother I'll be sure to remind you.
Exactly, Cc:
Get excited! We're reducing many dog adoption fees, through Monday only! Meet our adoptable dogs
Baby Chair Clearance Sale! Women Four Sets Fashion Handbag Shoulder Bags Tote Bag ZYEE
Baby
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Cleveland, Ohio
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Dorothy & Lucy
Movie Marathon.
Puyat
RYCBForever watching Dahil Mahal na Mahal Kita
hope you're doing okay
Unke wedding se mera kya
Mere liye to bas important SamAina
A no every smile a smile
Sometimes it takes a closer look to really realise
To see beneath the tracks of many
Sunsets are my favourite
Tuwang tuwa ang aking elementary heart
Had breakfast w my mother gf and brother , laundry all done, smoked good , now to enjoy this cold crisp Sunday w my baby
Ugh love you guys
Saludos y bendiciones querida
You are in a beauty contest every day of your life.
.
.
Makeup: .
.
.
.
.
.
Awesome oh my Tabitha lovely so sexy views
Those smiles!! Hehe
HPBD to my one and only. Hope you feel happy i love you
we both got this
this vijay
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Thank you Cyprus... Once again, been a pleasure . Until next time
[Tls] good night
Sleep well, dad
Luv you
Yuuuhh!!! >.<
Such a CUTIE.
number 1! Such as epic finish to the night!
Thank you so much
day well spent!!!
Love the idea of adding cinnamon, brown sugar, and sea salt!
Muito meu amor
When Bre drives, Brody and I get to hang out in the backseat. Love this sweet boy
With the love of my life Bella the 1yr old Dachschund
A memorable day with VLCC's young people
Joyeux Anniversaire Doundal
Love your life!
You are who God says you are
Lord Help my UNBELIEF
episode was so much fun!!!!!
Loved loved loved it. Deepika and Alia were so good
Deepika, my
Same. I miss seeing beautiful/gorgeous smile
Kathrina Revel
Today Ri is leaving to go to Hamilton for 2 months for training to become a correctional officer and so proud I could cry
Loveyouuuu beb!!
MY LIL BUNNYY such a sweet girl and thank you for making me laugh when i m down and like listening to me
Sempre me fzd chorar...
RT 181019 LYS tour in Paris
LOVE
Awwwww! Amazing!
EU TE AMO, REI!
I want to change my profile pic. Any ideas? Send me some pics and the sexiest will be my next pic
Hahaha my family loves him more than they love me
Meu
I call this "reflection"...This is ART ppl So much emotion summed up in one picture
I miss you too Have yourself a wonderful day as well
you
Sister act and .. love like this ..
Be strong sweet baby
Or kai will be sad of you
Alrightx280
McConaughey
If it's weekend and you have to clean, but rather doing textile design with your child
I'm permanent you can't erase me
Thanks for the follow
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
I love my boys.
Exactly
I'll be 29 by then...
...........
Is that weird?
.......
Ah f*** it! I don't care!
I LOVE MLB!!
i love you too thank u
Ayeei my Nashlene heart
Iu shadows
Cuidemos a los animales
je t'aime
I just saw a tweet that confirms that most of understand the concept of But Happy Sunday! Love and blessings
Good morning lovely I love this
Awh this makes me so happy
My only king day Happy Birthday to the multitalented genius B.I
Thank you for tonight
I love being able to share interesting cases and talk ultrasound with my mama
HOY GANAMOS CARAJOOOOOOO!
Them rainy nights could turn into some sunny days
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
wow i love your art
Happy birthday you have been my idol for years and I love you so much and what you stand for.
I am a big fan of him
Chan looks so happy and proud, and this actually makes me really happy and proud
just so cute.
You have to have the light with the dark, always.
Love these two
Nyaman & tenang
Mommy & Mini Me
Click & Shop With Me!#AishaSpeaks
Thank you for blessing mine have a powerful Sunday
day 21. National Animal
Drawing this furry fella is fun
This is so sweet
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
You can do it!!! You have all my support to complete these phase may granted all the strength you need!!
HI WORLD, IM ABBY BENTON ADM OF THE FAN CLUB ACC
IM FROM ORLANDO-US
IZA IS MY LITTLE ANGEL
I have nothing to say except I love you unconditionally Nobody is perfect but you are perfect to me
Lots of faces!!
No hay amor que sea perfecto
|| I love your layout
Thank you yes would love to see Lucifer going for many more seasons!
One love
Hello fellow tweeters
Thanks to you guys for being great role models
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
happy birthday to my love, my best friend so happy to spend another birthday with you. i hope to spend every
never been more proud of myself.
Hey you, retweet less and post more. The is curious as to what is passing through the universes of your own and . Thank you
Thanks for the birthday surprise 2 years in a row
happy birthday jay money honey!!!
:)
There are still a couple of days to nominate your favorites to show your
Consider
Best
Take your time love. Feel better
I skill and puck control but given effort in pre sea he lost his spot and has to
^^ Wish you could be here too!
You deserve the world
Goodnight and sweetdreams God bless always
No! Stop saying that you're so gorgeous atih girl
Personalised Britain!!!!! Christmas Gifts
Wtf two of my favs!!????
Feliz Mi Vida
Te Amoooo@andreszfelipe
Happy birthday Pao!!! Love you and misss you soooo much more. Have a day full of blessings!
ILOVEYOUPETER
and love letter for you babi
Sweet lady
i love youuu
Yuuuhh!!! >.<
Such a CUTIE.
=
Love you Queen!!!
May two ships are sailing bicol x billyrylle
Getting my monthly blond tune up, as usual, by my super star colorist ! the best
Marry a man, who at night time says I praying or are
I send light with &
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Meus de
Thanks for chilling guys Live tomorrow!
Mein Blick ist ja mal ... Premium ! Danke dir
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
hadnjdwjs a igual.
I think now SRK's bank balance is more than 6000 Crores...
Tan hermoso
How's going today?
Thanks Tom!
Someone dm me to collab your half would be $22
Good night
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Perfect Sunday post! We've got you too, Cathy!
"Music is a river that flows, not static at all. I think we
Gutted fitzy!! Get well soon!
Count Me In
Friends that nap together stay together
Reunited with Engr. Amon. Mishu kuya Damal!
Thank you
You're always in my heart
I Fucking this album gutted I get tickets for the silent alarm tour,still sounds so great now
Than you so much for the translation. He's so talented. Love him.
Loved waking up to this! Thank you Love!
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Tan bello
THANK YOU FOR ALL OF YOUR HARD WORK I HOPE YOU ENJOYED YOURSELF!! TILL NEXT TIME MY HANDSOME BOY
Hi meme iloveyou!!
Modern edit in happiness i just... it is so fucking cute. Sorry not sorry. I am still waiting for
Hahaha yes it is sooo cute
hi loves
Love my team other group of girls that I would rather play the beautiful game with!
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Hello winter I missed you so much
Liam Payne ( . ) ! .
.
Always there. I love you
HOII I LUV YOUUUU HOY I LUV YOU TOO LAWRENCE
Soooo transferring now, right? Thanks for the visit my dude Boston, Massachusetts
Congratulations
Beautiful!!
these
I love you
I am so happy about this. We were destined to be friends
you can share it w me
u11s and 12s had a great day, thanks to all involved
my "always"
Beauty
Your reactions are cute.. You like the confident type, right..?
ohhhh happy, happy birthday to him! he looks very well
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Nuevo fanart!
How are u
Te amo
thank you!
& Okay
x
a bad bitch and always be down to be a bad bitch with me
Sous le charme
mixes of dachshund and Australian Shepherd. You should come visit them!!
All gifts I got for my birthday
Congratulations, Form on 39K! you! FOLLOW & RETWEET this Awesome Patriot &
I just want to be around love
Incredible Lovely. Masterclass.
Hookup with Me at
female friendly porn giselle sg4ge x mas amador hazegay
THANK YOU FOR PUTTING THIS IN YOUR VIDEO
Ill Be thereeeeee
NYC was sooo lit this my third time there this year! First time w/ bae
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Keep Jhoping
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
I like your nature. Caring or bht khush ikhlaq insan ho. Bs be confident. Stay blessed
Members of Angie's team gave some temnis balls to fans after Angie's practice.
How nice was that.
satu kejutan lagi buat papa vigo ! hello soon to be dad of two childs
love you lots
Stay strong sweetie . Deep condolences for you and your family Sending hugs and loves
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
No problem. It's just that that's how rumours get started, and I'd hate for that to happen.
Thank you for coming
the man in this City and the sport, thanks both for giving to this city ours
thank GOD for another day
you put here looking good asf leo ass
Wedding festivities with my plus one Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Thank you!
Chloe took second place at her first ever taekwondo tournament!!!
Lay promoting "Namanana" cute
Hug
4 isn't for trinity but singularity
Thank you my bro
Tired, but it only takes a few hours for you to make my day extra special.
it's pic of the day stunning beauty
Perfect. Lmk what day works best so we can hang out! plan my study schedule around it. Miss you
First time is always the best
Thankyou bby
So excited for . Take rest in Korea . You all must be so exhausted. I love you
my birthday is like 2/3 weeks after Christmas, get me more and merch pls
:)
Love you ladies
Thanks bev I appreciate it a lot love you
Thanks, Jimmy
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Donating these to help an artist battle cancer. I'll post details to the auction soon
only home for a day and already planning a next trip
A las 22:30 en twitch
yeoreum 181021
please check yourself
minhas meninas!!
Hope u had fun sightseeing and got a good rest! Take care and be healthy, sending loads of love!
How the heckie am I just seeing this?!?! Thank you so much!!
My is happy because of this video.
what a comeback AL
Hi semuaa
.
.
Korang boleh tgk video nadd di youtube juga okay
.
.
This is my everyday skincare routine with
Le ciel est archi beau.
I always feel special and important, always
header first pic dana
happy 1st Birthday
Cosmos a space time odyssey
My girl
Lost just just over TWO STONE using our budget plan
why I do what I do
Can you please like our parody poster of Momzillas thank you so much God bless you
Good morning i hope everyone is still streaming
I wait to have a kid and we go to the pumpkin patch together and my husband
Aso ok xD hab schon gedacht du geht fremd
Enjoying watching in hotstar while travelling!!
You really know how to get me . I love you
4 isn't for trinity but singularity
I finally understood the meaning of the phrase:
"If the shoe fits,feel free to wear it."
Hi Kimura
Lawa bak hang. Thank you for today
Love to your sweet pup.
Changed out a heat exchange the heart of a furnace last night!!! West Englewood,
Thank you all for the advice, I really appreciate it.
Larva
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
I love his family so much and they love me the same
Merci Namjoon for the precious moment with you!!!
Love you!!!!
Love you
I saw your face in a crowded plate and I don't know what to do
Thank youuuuuuuuuu from the bottom of my heart!!
Dil le lo
wah bebou mais c dur :( MOORT BAH VOUD DES CALINS .
R A C H O
FREE (IKON) HABIN LOCKSCREEN
RT if you saved it
Jay
Love the boots
Lagu Ragaman in list for wedding song
That made my Sunday morning James, thanks
Saengil Chuka Hanbin-ah!
God bless you more and your family, and iKON You're our pride
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
happy birthday, love. wish nothing but the best for you!
Must watch
goes Love Guerilleros
Perfection
OMG that is so beautiful
king Glad you enjoyed (: Stay safe Love You U
hope you have a good leg of the tour
claim title
Let's go back to the track. Lord, ikaw na po bahala.
let's celebrate mother's day w/ him.
really interesting to watch the changes!!! I just know anything roselia is smth for you to enjoy
Just finished Melmoth What a beautiful and moving book. It gave me some Ch.Bronte's Villette vibes
Also if you want add this plz
Fans are us ! &
Jae q aw
oh take care bb i hope work isnt too tiring not too well but i am better now i guess
Good morning
Definitely disappointed, too! But I will keep fighting for students
Omggg yessss!!! promise me you'll give me your signed album someday hihi
Love love
Stay up
Bom dia
You and that precious baby are so darn cute! the pictures!
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
I love cones fuck sheets
Within Temptation Espoo Metro Areenalla!
Espoo
Gods will
have a good leg of the tour
Look what I've found while fixing my cabinet. Hahahaha!! Tagging all my DVC classmates Miss ko kayo all.
(May
Thank you, Cole!
(get_repost)
Grace Jones Ballerina. mingsmithphoto with get_repost
Grace
Love all of them so much
Mexico, Columbus, Colorado, San Francisco. I get around
Thank you to everyone that came yesterday ! King is very fortunate to have such a great family ! Love
why made for each other
I love this big baby so much London, United Kingdom
PHOTO OF MY DAY
Vai baini
from canon 60D in Gorkha
Fabulous weekend with this beautiful human love you!!!
Me too i can't play this video on my drive
please help me
Thank you for supporting by our queens Lot's of love
I just read it So now you got me addicted to your stories, I mean totally!
my mom just sends me money and tells me to go shopping so much rather this
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
BOOOOOM!
Lazio to score first
Hit like if you was on
Join us on Betbull
Goodnightt!
Calculate LOVE Percentage using this REAL and TRUSTED LOVE METER
My babiessss
Feeling blessed every second!!! Good night fellas!!!
I don't think anything can beat this pure little soul loving me for just being me
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Thanks James Bond!
my only wish is for you to be happy
I miss talking to you all the time. I hope you are well Awh please dm me? I've been really busy but I'd love
MI TE QUIERO AY DE VERDAD. VALORARTE MUCHO PORQUE ERES ESTOY MUY FELIZ Y ORGULLOSA DE TI!!!!
loves you
Follow back yall
Nothing gonna change my love for you
Kamu cakep banget Ko
.
.
Om New
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Agreed, listen to Victoria.
Congratulations, Bob on 31K! you! FOLLOW & RETWEET this Awesome Patriot &
Answer
Woke up to such good news from my favourite angel! Heart is so full, going to eat cake cake cake to celebrate her accomplishment
Feeling all the birthday love So grateful for everything and everyone in my life
Thankyou so much and
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
I have cashapp and Venmo daddy downloading circle pay now
... is a ... what are some others? We would
restored
Omg beautiful
Bmw Vs Mercedes Benz At Nates Car Sales
Some Legendary Vehicles
Nates Car Sales
Over 170 Vehicles
PARK JIMIN
Stack your hustle
Belated happy 14th monthsary!
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
LuNa H L is LIVE at Loops Live. Get into the Loop NOW.
for a tbh
always welcome at mine
NYC was sooo lit this my third time there this year! First time w/ bae tho
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
I feel so much better, but I know my day gone get better
I have all three! I hope lucky today
Little Mix
I really dont know why i flwd u may be bec IB'but that i don't regret that.
N v becm
I'm in! And I love to give support follows!
so buff
Love where I live
agree more!
Happy Birthday to my favorite angel. I miss you more than ever know.
Thank you for doing this
know who you are !!
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Thankful and blessed for promises
Now Naaperusuriya Going
I send Later bro
Asked her to go I the other day
Igual princesa
So cute... Jesus said bid not the little children come unto me..this is so loving to watch
A ray of sunshine
Babe malama___ working on that hourglass body only with Zeta Curves
Awwww thank you!!!! awesome so far!
Happy birthday my happy pills stay healthy and happy too!! Thank you for everything, love you
yesss pls
you gon walk around looking like that and not know your
na BIS
Own vc tbm pathy
heart eyes onleh
positivity is real!
Ate
Another London trip Birthday celebrations that involved eating Shopping
& for more Videos!
Thanks for the & Retweet, Peter! See my TRAVELS WITH HAMP slideshow, a whirlwind, historic
Youngest home, her friend has been practising her FX make up on her I still think she looks beautiful
8lbs 5oz & 23 inches?
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
y'al listen to this ang soft uwu
Ruby & Wilson & Erma
Got to play around with my new camera at home! More to come...
.
.
.
.
Tellonym Me!
ask me things
DARLING BRANDO
Ma photo avec Ryan
Ng...
A day with this one
.
.
.
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Bom dia
Thanks babiie... I love you
no but a strong supporter
Let's both stay matapang ate anj iloveyou big time remember that just like what you always
Get well soon
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Sending Sunday Blessings your way ~
Wildways -
If I Mexican I could easily pass as a an Arabian, Indian or Pakistani love the Middle Eastern culture
Love it me and my daughter want to get tattoos to remember garfy bub was 4 when
I didnt get to meet you but i miss you like crazy! love you lots girl! amazing
Happy birthday
God bless you
Absolutely jug
on IG!
Congratulations you won both Hampers on
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Huh RT We paying for nails, hair,& eating her pussy 3 times a day in 2019
Happy birthday cutie!!
You are looking so pretty and You won our heart today you don't need to hampers
Hello mamshie
Wow girls Congratulations you won both Hampers
I loved smith jerrod . He really did love Samantha
Wow October My fav day when we are all together
you both were so honest and it was a fun thank you love you both
Feeling all the birthday love So grateful for everything and everyone in my life
Thankyou so much and
NomatterwhatIdoallIthinkaboutisyouevenwhenI'mwithmybooYouknowI'mcrazyoveryou Miss
With love from Thailand
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
We are jamming out this morning! Come join us for service and loving the Lord!
Lo bonito de mi vida
naraid66
mvn0xlfzenv$
I love my baby dog I love him so much alam ko darating din kami sa ganto
Iloveyouuu mylove!
Imissyouuuu!
17:35 Directito
Pra Namorar Cmg Tem Que Entender Issuuu
Homenzinho / Mocinhaa
AW THANK U SO MUCH IM STILL SHOCCKED
Thank YOU for coming all the way to London to see it. I'm so glad it was worth the trip
Hello Panda and Kit Kat from Mary Joy! I have the sweetest cousins ever.
A sweet girl
I Visual Studio Live
BTW where is LiveShare Chat log saved???
Everyone should read the beautiful responses to this thread.
Who can make me a new header and logo?
Rewarding people who RT + Like
His ig story is so cute
proud of you !!!
Thank you!
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Aww!! Such an absolute beauty!!!
Ayeeeeeee Thanks Bri
Why do you sound like my father? Srsly tho, thanks a lot!
Perfect kaso wala eh but with friends goooo!!
NashLene parin talaga ako porebs since goin bulilit notice meee kwasses
This is so powerful. Thank you for sharing
My forever wedding date.
mucho
Congratulations, Cowboy on 41K! you! FOLLOW & RETWEET this Awesome Patriot &
There is no amount of love and support greater in this world than the one provided by your parents
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
happy birthday bella! hope you're having the best day
THATS SO SWEET OMG SUCH A BOYFRIEND MATERIAL
mia san mia
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
you make me stay
Mommy Leia
I need a trash panda.
Hehe! Good Morning Sis
Later we will see a few of our other favorites Let's Go
TBH: Amna But Achi Larki Ha Shareef Your header Avi is lit
Love yourself
aprilioKevin sukses boy always love you
Thanks for sharing
Guess the bird
Hit the follow us button for more aviation enthusiasm
Amo-te
So Handsome
But, where
Min Yoongi? he has not been here.
Yo voy en camino
Happy birthday Trench foot, hope you have the best day Ruthy T, lotsa love
My babies ready for church
It's amazing to watch.
My love
Sister's day out featuring my very own bodyguard haha
acordei com a Gaga em (Shallow) e (Always Remember Us This Way) no iTunes US e super verde no kworb! Orgulho
Thank you!!!
. Today is really tired but fun ARMY today is great .
hermoso angelito, ily
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Little seunghyun no more I'm happy if seungri's happy
Sold! A personal favourite has found its forever home Thank you - it's been fun!
Thats why i check up on everybody i love
And broccoli
The bond me and my brother have is unbelievable and will never be broken my ride or die
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
To watch the rest go follow me on Instagram
A warrior true legend
We are MARRIED
hehe sabi ng CRS no backsies
see these two love birds continued where we left off
Good things come to those who wait
SDfq345
Going to church this morning
Your favorite couple
Role model ironically have the same birthday
kim taeyeon you will always have my heart
Forever in my heart...
I love you more than stars in the universe..
I love you more than words can define,
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Remove Dhoni and watch India lifting the World Cup at Lords
Sunday is for relaxation, food and cuddling in bed with my guy and Chi.
Good morning
happy birthday to the one and only, kim hanbin honestly words aint enough to express how am i grateful that i
Sunday bluesy but very thankful for all your sweet comments on my video seen it yet?
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
-
-#Mention Your Dost to make them feel thori
Yay for you! And please tell me that you are naming your child Bean
Tias
Tig and Pooh
Tanong daw siya HAHAHAHA very accommodating
Te amo meu bem
just wanna thank the man above for everything
181020
focus
:
_
Retweet & Like this
Follow all retweets & likes
Follow back INSTANTLY
Show Love to
Guys congratulate ,she just wrote a ghzal
I love them so much and I'm so proud of them
julenphoto
(2) | Fotos HQ de Liam en la alfombra roja del evento
Cocktribute for my gorgeous Slut
Younger sisters are the small women in your life whom you want to bully and protect at the same time.
thank you!
Trastevere
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
luv for lucas
RT DunyadanKareler: sonbahar
Valentine
This year you're mine polly_twt!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
already know
and RT
Solid with
To know more about the with different level
An early Happy Monday reminder for me...Choose
I do
done
THEY ARE SO BEAUTIFUL I missed them
Thank u a lot for coming
I LOVE U
yieee, thanks cheesecake!!! love u
Our country is beautiful
Every day someone will get lucky! Just be loyal to me. I don't want anything in return from you either!
LAST CALL to join my Mindset, Agility & nutrition online challenge starting TOMORROW Are you ready to finally
Te amo
Maraming salamat din sa pagpunta! You just have no idea how HAPPY you & made us all!
We it when you share your Rivulet Experience. Thank you Scott!
Happy 11th Birthday, Venice! Kuya will always be here for you. Hehe you know the rest. I love you!
I could not have this one so I got the other one I wanted see you next year girls
MY HERO STRIKES AGAIN WOP WOP
V v grateful for my friends and I hope I'm good at letting them all know that
Congratulations this is love
Please stay with us. You are loved. You are worthy. There is love, kindness and beauty in this world for you.
Tots on BUENA MEN? Ashly?? Super lambing and generous kay shy and her loved ones mabait at masipag rin na
It feels 100% worse this time and scary. But be ok. Thank you
He's making centuries for fun his batting is a treat to watch
Cocktribute for my gorgeous Slut
Find joy in every day, not because life is always good but because God is.
Who gave him permission to snatch some wigs?
Wooow I had a dream I adopted a baby and let me tell I loved that lil girl too death
I love you
painfully smart, dude.
TBH: Bruh Ap Bht Achy Aur Interactive Ho your header is love
Toute mon enfance
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Hey pretty girl how are you?
Swimming with the Hester-pup
Barb you know men shit. waste your time. Always looking out
3 years passed
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Not the best quality picture but
Our recent clicks
10 mins till the best leader's birthday
cutessss i miss ure optimistic ass!! i hope youre doing fine yourself
Um Amorzinho
for
Happy birthday to our leader . Wishing you all the best not only today but
was created to <<< Love this!
we agree! the piccies! Some of us met up in Greenwich Park today to run. Now flopped out in the
Banana Cinnamon Oatmeal Found this beauty eatkrave while I was searching for a dessert to end my meal. The
:(
baby
If you go with frank the first one to unfollow you..stay with Matt
I like the love I am seeing that
Nicest human ever most beautiful person ever best inspiration ever good morning people (say it back)
10th is mine
Mark and Jinyoung basically ship themselves
Btw, I love your name. Monsta X
Mon bb
I LOVE YOU TOO!!! KAHIT TEAM MAKIMKIMIN TAYO, MARAMING MARAMING SALAMAT SA PAGINTINDI NIYO SAKIN!!
Happy birthday too my hubby ! I love you ! And miss you ! Hope you have the best birthday yet to come
We miss you ray
Nothing like the love of a grandbaby! My oldest turns 17 on Wednesday and my youngest grandbaby is 3 months!
goodnight my main, love u always
not even 10 in the morning and i tell katie in need of love and on her way rn
Alll Love Shit Vice Versa
20 years of love
I love you so much miss you
"Thank you for lighting my dim day"
Most welcome
focusing on how stressed you are and realize how blessed you I love that quote
I miss you bessss
1 day, 1 hour and 10 minutes
Ang sweet!! thank you hehehe
honestly such an underrated song and thanks for the awesome stream last night!
safe. thank you G
TE AMOOO
Thanks for coming to todays stream!
We hit 470 viewers, which is something that made me a happy man!
you're welcome
Por Jesus Cristo
Happy birthday sis enjoy you special day! love you much!!
my love i miss you too
on our way on our One love
Anytime, bro
Happy 2nd birthday to my best buddy. I love you Toby.
De ontem
All day jam
: my favorite day of the week
Very nice
I have chills girly! xoxo besos J
Hello family! How are you doing? How was Harry Potter?
Greetings from Spain
Also I have to talk
I miss you already
Good morning my love have an amazing show tonight in Birmingham
Hi crush Hello din crush
Only friends fans know
Yap I started watching it in mid April Islye shayad nhi dekha...
Okay Now..
Didn't wake up feeling to well it woke me up early n still feeling shitty made me cry a bit
MUCH to ALL
ifb all just follow me first
You people should retweet my last tweet edakun my customers are on your TL not eaten since last week
I love them
I feel this!
Yes it is so much sweeter
Congratulations and
I can just imagine how yum it would be when your dick is hard as rock
Nice Story Of a miracle
Thank you soo much Em! just glad had the opportunity to be there through whatever!
-my notices ; a thread
Additional poiny for (G)i-dle! Hahaha good to know that we're both Sones!
Legit check on me
Comment below
Valentine
This year you're mine kiff_5112!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Really contemplating whether or not I wanna be Connie
lockscreens-n-shit: Red - Favourite Colour Reblog/Like if you save
New book for my collection! Written by
Hugs
Thank You.
My heart is full! keep sailing fam! Ingat xa mga pauwi pa lng...watching the videos and looking at the photos
Awwwww thank you
Congrats to both of you
Ma'am & Baba
Sobre a Cloud, sucesso
CLASH OF CLANS IS LOVE PLAYING ON BLUESTACKS 4 !: via
mayyyy youtube channel ka na!!! So proud support kita all the way erp
cheer up gette thenks
... ok i only care abt three (3) of my followers
What a cute memory have forever about this
Same!!
ahhhhh my "Wind Beneath My Wings" - Gerald Levert, reminded me of my DADDY Forever in my
wait to come home and see you
Sunday love between these two
This is me when BTS is arriving to Korea
Take break, stay healthy
Congrats jamey boy
Hope checking the mix.
bebito, te amo mucho
omg thank you
Well done.
And the logo...Amazing
Hopefully and can see this Awesome IDOL band
Behave ka sa tummy ni Mommy anak ha. We love you
Aww miss you more bebi
Valentine
This year you're mine gvani_twt!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
thank you!!
Tag a friend
Dancers: &
Animations:
Video:
Song: DDU-DU
goodnighty!
Your number 1 cupcake is super proud of you
Good morning sweetie.
Simply beautiful Thai Jewelry
Size does not matter
we make new one same model, same stone, your size >>>
I can never miss a Youssou Ndour concert. Thank you for amazing show Tonton You
//I just keep fumbling my way through it hit me up on any on my accounts though, I'm always up for whatever
DIRTY MORE
Happy birthday to one of the coolest , most talented and funniest people ever known this ones for you
mood
Me too Thank you so much Good Nite
I be missing Aus so much:( literally my heart
morning!
One of the first players that made me fall in love with soccer she's one of the most underrated players ever.
=
My mom ensured that we knew this
Both Alia and Deepika sang Chhanna mereya
Never lose u in my
Nyaman dan tenang
. ~~~
This made my day. Watch. Listen. Learn.
Mark greeting video to Myanmar fans How cute our Siwat is We can't wait to meet you babe
Siwat
Ikaw yung heart yiee
+ =
&
I'm blessed to still have my Nan around
always very welcome Karen, thank you Lovely.
Listen my big sister is fucking gorgeous
Wdym
You look gorgeous in black miss... Really beautiful
Ryan Seacrest Cebu City
I wanna take your stress away
AHAHAHAHHAHA
A Gold goes to these Sochi humps
Forever in my heart...
I love you more than stars in the universe..
I love you more than words can define,
Anyone else see the Lakers/ Rockets game last night? I still love Chris Paul
via storie
Its your birthday gift
I love you. Good morning
Isso amor
So she has a lifetime deal. Good
I'm so thankful for 6,000 friends here on the fire birthday wishes y'all spicy meme & music game
Word
OMG DEEEPIKAA so happy for you, many many congratulations love you always
Maybe I'm just a sentimental fool
Bringing back memories from a photograph of you
sorry pero talaga!!
Seeing things like this really warms my heart
Awesome Sauce
.
.
.
.
counting days nak private kat twitter
Hey Twitter
when you're craving for but you couldn't go then you have to make molten lava cake at home it's
*sigh*
I want to live in Japan.
And now I can't wait for that "someday" we got this
Favorite movies of 2018
I love you very much my 1/7 iKING uwu
Always loved this song.
That chorus...
Jet - Lazy Gun
via
Sending you love and warmth dear.
Admired your husband from over here in the UK because of his compassion & ideals
I really hate that people think my intentions are to hurt them. proven time after not and only tryna love them.
Aldub parin...hanggang sa dulo
CONGRATULATIONS [TAKI- TAki] surpasses 144 million views love u
deserve nyo poor ratings
i said: very very pretty
she said: thank you
Sprouse
A brand new Maura.
SOS HERMOSO!!!
I LOVE YOU
Success is not a good teacher, failure makes you humble - " Believe in yourself! ... "
Peace
Another lovely art from Michelle
and on my own way joyful I love music
Snehu dii But we don't keep any expectations seeing our fate! Thank you
Mine to
Mas Agaa pas persiapan mau akad
RT DunyadanKareler: sonbahar
goodmorning :)
Always honey! Had so much fun! It was a beautiful wedding
J.Cole + Kendrick Lamar + Aaron Rodgers
you too beloved
Not too bad, Couch Coach
Nights by frank ocean is all needed
Dear thankyou for making amazing songs! I hope you guys comeback in Desember soon also hope your
take care of life! We need to care for our planet earth. People over profit!! Life over profit please
Goodnight Maris love you
Sugarol by Maris Racal
Few reasons why is everyone's hot favorite right now !
We u Annie Lennox! Donating hand written signed lyric!!
Waiting to these girls release a MV
Well said choti
[ N -2 ]
What an honour. Thank you Bonnie B
Fave Eagles Song!
The mandatory last day picture at birdshow. Gonna miss this boy so much
The Simpsons
Happy birthday baby 19 has never looked so good
Thank you
Love you
Tbm te amo
Valentine
This year you're mine kiff_5112!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Wallaye miss you more, coming bro
Happy for you Jun-ah
You did well today :)
Please take care baby
The best goalkeeper in the world
God bless sa results ng tomorrow!!!
"Amazing night, amazing team" Love this picture
I know Shia can be controversial, but i love him!
have a good leg of the tour
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO OUR ONE AND ONLY GREAT PRODUCER, COMPOSER AND LEADER OF THE YEAR ! KIM HANBIN SAENGIL CHUKAHAE
Yay, even though you beat my Buckeyes, I am so happy for you!
HATTRICK FERNANDINHO
Redskins VS. Cowboys game today you already know who rocking with
Thank you for coming home Arata!
I love you
My nyawa. Alhamdulillah come back to see you and do some work nothing ask more just HIS blessing and
Te amo con todo mi
Valentine
This year you're mine teewithguns!
And you, whom will be yours?
I hope so
Don't die for me, live for me and live for us
-Allison
My Venmo is
Toda linda
Thank you love
diabinho
I love you babe
Perfect Hope you are well
Tu baby
We all wanna send ya some cool presents
feeling thankful for waking up this morning, my family, and friends like
Thank you so much Doc
Sun Oct 21: Easy like a Sunday morning after our private dining event in the Parlor last night.
Time to relax
Ur welcome
mona es Sabela
This the cutest thing ever
Absolutely True , i just hope i am on the right path
Thank You!!!
Happy Birthday Mommy , Rest Up Love you
You're welcome
Yes baby
Sunday afternoon drives
Thank You!!!
THIS PAIR IS2G
Thank you!
Acordamos Agora Meu Fechamento
this is so cute! so happy for you
Emotionally tired to play the game earlier, miss you brother Jon Rae
This is for St. Jude Auction! Spread and kindness! time to start
Happy ! We have many reasons to write.
ahh the city of love cutie i love you ! I hope you had a great time
_
Retweet & Like this
Follow all retweets & likes
Follow back INSTANTLY
Show Love to
Lovely pic
Cuddling with my dog is heaven.
Valentine
This year you're mine liyuom!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Disfrutando el mensaje
Root root root for her team
I know I got some ways , but you control the flame so I just wanna stay right here with you
you already know I fuck w you! Thank you
Blessed
super loveeee this sooooong
Precious girl!
In the world of Ranbir's please be my Ranveer
Wow beautiful
Your existence is a blessing to us Happy our baby quail
Sending good thoughts & wishes
This...
I just want to be around love
Market runs with the lil sis. 21e Bello Road Kano
Sen&Ben&Sonbahar
Steve, sebastian e axwell postando stockholm SHM TA MUITO VIVO
I sure hope :/
I love you
Such a beautiful scene
Te amo anjo
For a gif starter.
For an written starter.
Do both for and gif and written starter.
Comment below for an
I have Cash App -pick me daddy & make my day be a lucky one
Little Mix
Day 294 / 365
Without any doubt and without any delay, i can say that you are the most beautiful
Thank you Winston
So finee
your reminder that despite recent events, being a woman has power
Valentine
This year you're mine i0sxz!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Awww happy birthday babe, have a great one, may only beauty and happiness surround u always
Pls keep this bright smile on your face dear babybub, my only wish for you is to be happy always. I love you
|| Oh! Yessss. You are my hero.
Iiiiiiiiiii waaaasssssss stumbling looking in the dark, with an empty heart HS
Isabella at Jakes Birthday party!
what i just woke up to
woo! my last day in the hospital (hopefully) and this beauty followed me back!
My Perfect And my favorite Rocket. So glad I got to squeeze you for a minute. Love you tons!
GIVEAWAY!!! RT + Follow me for this beautiful signed hardcover copy of Elisa ALCHEMISTS OF LOOM US + CA
It was great day
Advance happy birthday Kim hanbin! a song for PERFECT by iKON
__
Breathe. You got this.
__
HAPPY SUNDAY
__
thank you Larry
Thank god for another day
An amazing Saturday night! Yes, they adored it. Such an incredible form of validation!
To foster a joy of reading to so many people is an amazing legacy. RIP
Feliz
SUPER SUNDAY
Tap if following this bet and you could win free VIP access at 4pm!
Match: Everton
thank you
Nip stay wit the shits . Love him! RT
Et tournoie ... live 1996
happy birthday
Not THAT is how you grindr.
how was your day baby its great so far, love hb yours?
May your day be as sweet as the brown butter icing that we added to the cinnamon buns
Stay strong like coffee
My love for this woman is greater than great just look at her
he brings me some much joy
IM SO EFFING PROUD OF YOU, CAPTAIN. TAKE A BOW!
Happy birthday my love
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO OUR LEADER
Muero de amor
anyway
crying
Wow. gorgeous.
JAJAJAAJAAJA ME DOY PROPIA
I U
Weather is amazing
Intraction nhe hai blkul b. I like your tweets. Pyari or active
he was one of a kind, thoughts and prayers going out to all of you
you too Lil Mar Mar
Happy , B.I uri beloved leader
May God Bless You, May all your wishes come true, Stay healthy,
Opo ate MILA. Salamat po
Yesss! I hope my next subway ride is like this!
.
.
Virat
Congratulations to you both He is gorgeous
For you Stevie
Fab Goodies Look girls
My son turns 9 today. Time flys when you're having fun.
Congrats to both of you
Ma'am & Baba
Meeting with our coordinator
thankyou sainyo mwa iloveyou all!!!!
X23
Follow me
blackpanther
"O God, and that the distress of our souls makes us of your mercy a capacity and a comfort that we sing for who else.
God, I just your tweets!! And your workouts, of course!!
a rare gem Happy birthday my darling
May Allah grant you your heart desires..
I'm so beyond proud of y'all you deserve it so much and I'm glad your hard work is being acknowledged
Someone is going to be very lucky soon!
OLHA ESSAS COVINHAS, BEM, SOCORRO
A Drop in the Ocean - Ron Pope
love you Sis God
Hisssss teeth n smile
Be safe, I love you and thank you
tired but productive day!!
Thank youuu Lord!!
sonbahar
The UNDERGROUND TRAP GLITCH in Fortnite Battle Royale via use
Falling asleep with my head on your chest to the sound of your heartbeat is the best thing ever
Sundays don't get much better than this
Vino by the river with a book
Its my idea of bliss.
I Italy.
Take
I hope so too!
I am actually aiming for Thailand
Maybe someday, i'll come to Singapore
While driving
i have been a HUGE fan of yours for YEARS You are a tremendous athlete & A fantastic Role Model
Happy Birthday to tha Gang Hope you have the best day u eva had Love Ya
WOW I LOVE YOU
Wishing u more happy returns of the day !!!!
Best wishes from fans and from
7 mins to go before Kim Han birthday!!!!
don't forget our hastag for our leadernim's birthday ---
Valentine
This year you're mine minamipark7!
And you, whom will be yours?
the way people that owe you money enjoy their lives muss be nyc.
Asking God to hold you close today... sending prayers and good vibes
Goodmorning
i remember that time
Sunday
thank youuuu president!!!!
thank you!!
Nate
I want a season 2 of 'My ID is gangnam beauty'
Let me know if you need anything
Happy birthday to my source of happiness and motivation, Kim Hanbin Always be happy, don't get sick and be
awful. Honey Nut Cheerios are better here tho
Done na po
have seen this, right?!?!
Thanks for sharing this with me.
I can't with this fandom 3 or 4 people asked me same question BP fandom are too funny
I know He wrote it to me
good?~ My turn
With Art done by
Fab morning with the gorgeous one trying our hand at showing
Bet they're gonna be the best
Yayy! i can't waitt, btw ilysm and it would mean th world if u followed mee
Please make a thread about my favorite painter, Frida Kahlo. She had an inspirational life
Lets G !
Omg! Haha right into the feels, gags. Luv u, Selena!
Love will always find a way ^^
Te amo
AWE I JUST SAW THIS.... MY HEART
Waking up knowing GAME DAY BABY!
good morning rat, i love you so much
moodbooster banget sayangku ini
Wedding bashers later
I U
my baby is my happy pill
Oh just stop it!!! Too dang cute!!!!! Petey looks like Obi Wan Kenobe!
+2
USA
My heart is full
We the book fair What better way to spend the evening than with new books and ice cream?
MashaAllah Our precious Mohammad RasolAllah Salalaho Wasalam names on Mall Road Pindi
Who is adamant in
thank you, Lord. for so, so much.
uri leadernim,
Can't wait !!
.
.
ain
U.S.A.
PUT YOUR HEART IN IT
OR GET
Louis is literally the best X Factor mentor. He is so sweet and caring towards everyone and I love it
Get well soon ;-; sending lots of love
Congrats to both of you
Ma'am & Baba
done just under 1hr30 , buzzing with myself
BOOOOM!
Bet 1 lands!
in the bank..
Turn notifications on
Like and Share
A flamenguista mais linda
I'm Officially 19th now ... Birthday Celebration
A king is always a king ! King sark to wold
Adulting 101 with Sen. Chiz Escudero love this couple must watch
My love.
Hua Za Lei.
Foodporn nya
They make me so happy
Weh? every night open? wah nok!!!!!! GGGGG!!!
I'm with you, my heart beats
i gotch u! thanks pare!
thank you..
Bikini Latina Katrin's Huge Cock Fuck
Counting my blessings
the collaboration that occurs in the world!
Follow everyone who Likes and Retweets this
Gain With
.
.
reply with '' '' and follow everyone who likes your REPLY!...
Thank you, we will keep going until change happens & we'd love to come back to Liverpool
Follow my Instagram or drop instas down below
This
Love
Oo nga ate!!! Ang cute ng babies
gym is literally so good for mental health & stress
thank you babe love you!! see you again soon hopefully
Kettle will be on huni xx she was a very special lady indeed
Sorry there yourself.
AI MEU DEUS
QUE LINDOOOOOO
Didn't even realize there was a darkmode til I read this. Changed my life. Thank you
ahhh tyyyyyy
To be grateful
Follow me
Follow back#SundayMorning
Its a mutual decision being back to bestfriends is enough
Wish I could just go back to feel a couple things twice!
I'm so sorry for your loss
Luvvv thisss
Oh good! We need her back striking asap!
RT = NOG OPS in your DM
may pick someone.
This is the best mood I've read in days omg
Aww
I want them to be the winners They deserve it after a lot of work... specially if we talk bout
happy birthday bebe
going to see it on Wednesday!!
... and they live happily ever after
the song is so dramatic but the video makes it more dramatic. the
So sorry for your loss
I love this
BLOCK
5HINee fan from a donation project
Mike to your wonderful wife. Thx u for on my family by visiting w
Bone dry humor IS THE BEST! you can't learn that! You either have it or you dont. And boy does she have it!!!
Looking forward to a family day. Missing our Emerson Traub.
Valentine
This year you're mine 59xlive!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Yieeee labyu too
Nothings Lasts Forever , But We Had Hope In Eachother
you are welcome
Portugal and yours?
thank you
RT China_BINGO: 2018 BINGO For B.I's 23rd Birthday Present Part
So beautiful, that he looks so unreal. He is such piece of art that even the Louvre doesn't deserve him.
OMGGGG POURQUOI TU EST BEAU ET ADORABLE??!?!?!
Thanks for tonight,
juanbiteatatime Nut Bread + French Toast = GENIUS! I think I died and went to Thanks, Juan
21st of October
1967- Mrs. Anne's birthday
2015- Louis accidentally leaks 'Home'
2017-
RUIN MY LIFE - Zara Larsson Cover
Hope you like it!
It's a good decision though
Love your epilogue soooo much! love from indonesia
PaPet time
Alhamdulillah, one step closer
Last night was a night well spent watching this guy
the day
Bkerzay, Deir Dourit, Chouf.
Chouf is the best
Jo hoy estoy sensible TE ADORO MUCHO
At it at it at it again, non stop Live this
AAAH
I love Mew, is one of my favs! SO CUTE!
Great video, man!
your favorite character thus far? My fave is definitely Siegfried.
Valentine
This year you're mine meloinov!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Uy
Ouuu I love me some WH
I love this song so much thank you to wonshik for writing this wonderful song
We've definitely made the right choice! So excited for our big day now
Thank you ateee!!
Roger watching Basel's match with Seve
Good morning beautiful! Hope you have a great Sunday
i love u too!! have a great one
I DO AGREE WITH DEFCONN. KIM JOO HYUK WILL BE FOREVER THE GUTAENG HYUNG OF 2D1N
You & Me
onlygreatnudeamateurs: submitted by ...
Thanks
Sunday Famday
You were so overtired rip ilysm
Looking gorgeous
Eu te amo
Thank you!
Be healthy and be a good man~
Stay cool our Leader Hanbin
Tatak Keiko!
Fuckin dog a little ass hole
Good morning
Je t'aime
I wish you a happy birthday
Thanks so much Q I miss you!!!
THANK U SM IM IN TEARS
Thankyou pe
Meu orgulho
Kindness to a child.
Watch that rather
Trixie, my baby! Taytay, Rizal
woke up missing my on Supernatural
Chilling with horror films. Perfect Sunday xx
Happy Birthday to my beautiful friend I love you mamas and miss you have a good one
Great shot of our booth at the Simcoe County Bridal Show. Thanks !
Seriously just could not
We already did running around
She pesters to play so sweetly though
Pic of the day
super galing in everything
fighting spirit neto
Love this quote so much
Happy bday Jax have a good one
Made with love
Anyone from the south? Lets celebrate hanbin's birthday!
Mention me good morning
happy bday i love u
love ya Joonie
Thanks dear
Que hermoso eres Namjoon
thank u patlaaoo
IL MIO CAPITANO
It's okay. Take your time. Love you, Beginie.
Chin up girl. You'll be fine .
is there an Insta live today? I can't wait for the videoo! I love you
My personal hype woman
wait to see what the future holds
Hi amores
i think this is a really romantic idea
17
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
I haven't been online omg did you go see Jessica???? Tell me was is awesome?
hey to mayumi, i love you all very much - marie
Just watched and jive. Think that has to be my favourite one since Jill Halfpenny
Chatting to my big brother fills me with happiness
First dispensary to treat me like a true brother Please show them your love and support.
Thank you for everything that you have done. I'll always be by your side. Together, forever
Just Downloaded and I love it Great Game
Polaroid
All of us my love I even know I was writing accounting this week till a few minutes ago. Ku tense
Maaaan those Rainbow Lanes fries.
Yes! One step is all it takes to get you going
I This Team
these unique faces! from this unique woman you're! loveu! Happy
All couples around the world found their happiness
But me, I FOUND MY FUCKING VENOM BITCHES!
Boa Tarde
This really really happened to me
Get well soon my baby Cik Teha miss you so bad
Happy Birthday beautiful mom
Uy thank you!
Come back cause I need you rn start over & stay solid
Vote for me The Red Queen in the Trick or Treat contest
VOTE DAILY Oct 21st 11am
all the things my hands have held, the best by far is
Shoot your shots babes
at the perfect time my kove
definitely up there you guys are my favorite
You are forever alive in our hearts Netaji
Junto a en el Box
wow i love this pic! and the caption too!
Those three magical words
wait to hear it nyc misses you
sisters you tell?
great seeing you back on the big screen !
Newccccy !! For my besties birthday amaze weekend
hope mom had a good birthday
Love ya we need a catch up ASAP
Home
thank youuu
Something big is later coming today over at believe me thanks for the love of the team
Thank you But i want you to save yourself first, before you save others.
Gracias hijo por hacerme Batista
FFXJSKSK TY BIG LUV
anyway, please come to malaysia, you have so many ARMYs here :(
thanks
You're welcome! Here's some more
Tum bht achi ho interactive ho friend ho Bs Thora Rasta Bhatak gaie ho stop Everything And Again Chill Once
Fantastic
That's our girl So proud of all your dedication to such a great cause
omg, for real ?!!
thank you so much, obrigadaa
dimanche cocooning on adore
awww Ben these pictures are gorgeous!!! foxy i love your collages!!!
stole this somewhere... pls this halp me im too lazy to work on my essay right now
bye bye tom & comot see u guys another few months kakak will always luvvv u two little kitsss
we still aren't mutuals in IG haha yes ofc
Oyeah! Congrats girls
Keep tweeting Meeru
Your trend is successful! Congratulations!!
Yeah, I do. The TRUTH
hopefully one day
Saint Suppapong Udonkaewkanjana Cr. ig noted
Awwww
I knew you would twt lmao take care of yourself joon
Ya ves si puedo ser bonita sometimes! Thank you boo boo! Ly
Thank You Dad Love You Welcome back
I'll miss you tonight
Me
I MISS YOU SO MUCH. i think of you and lilah everyday
I love YOU be safe out there bby
My heart this looks so real!
lol yeah, i want four
Contigo siempre a todas horas
FELICIDADEES
Hope follows me one day
Tonight
Dulce de leche cake
Skyscraper
The Meg
Shawshank redemption
Green mile
Gothshy
~~follow for more content~~
Walking on air
Katy perry
heart to heart talk!!
Tag a friend who lives in BC who needs to stop at to pick up a pint!
Hope you do too
thank you
Our first morning back in church
Youngest home, her friend has been practising her SFX make up on her I still think she looks beautiful
For all my queens! You know who you are
6x6 original mixed media available for purchase - pm me for
Great class
Happy birthday Hope you have a great day today, ilyy
ahaha, yes they are!!
Hearty congratulations to my favorite Bollywood couple & *sniffle*
Second half starts! | 11:9
like for a GIF Starter and Retweet to spread the word
THANKYOUR FOR EXISTING!
HAPPY BIRTHDAYYYY
My pooter
This was the cutest moment. a keeper for sure.
I love you always and forever baby! so happy I get to spend my life with you! You are amazing baby girl!
Absolutely loved every second of it
The best
A gente briga,mas se ama!!!!! Quase 0.7 MINHAAAAA
Menangis bahagia
Happy birthday our leader
See you soon bubzy
If you Love The Beatles, you need this in your life
IT'S BEYOND COOL
Je
Peaceful Easy Sunday
Happy birthday my one and only, Hanbin
Every joonations are well fed. We got clear skin and soul sksjsjkssk i miss u joonie
Bag secured
Shee so gorgeous Oh Lord
TGFAD Long Live Shy
yes way
be a game tester
tio*
My Siduskha Thread
I really Miss this show & them...
Also Namit ko koi bolo kabhi Apni bhi pics post
By the way, I hope you are having a good weekend with your mom take care of yourself
Thank you for this
My OT12 heart is happy and crying again
This is so cute
(Mind the creepy hand in the background)
Thank you Tia
Qt qt ng couple na tooooooo
Happiest Birthday to the lady with the most beautiful smile and voice
Been that
i really appreciate it
A D O R O
28. favorite ice cream flavor
pistachio from fic!
small pleasures in life
gonna go see my grandmother today
- No but annoying.
Happy Sunday sisters love
March . 7 & February. 24
Olek!!! So good to see You again! We missed You Hope havin a Great Day too!
miss you boo
Please Fortnite Scythe Ghoul Trooper a Good Halloween Event! Pumpkin Launcher and more! Please Epic!
Work hard , Dream harder Goodnight
Had to finish up abruptly, kids were brought home early! Will be back on later you fucking legends
yiiieee
You Marcus. *Hugs*
I'll never know how strong are my gbf teams cz my bf is so strong
Seaseme street live tonight
Teen beach movie adoro esse filme pior que eh vdd
Very Emotional Bayan About Muhammad Sallallaahu Alaihi Wasallam By Maulana Tariq Jameel
Thank you so much!
Pretty little fears by 6lack ft jcole
Kamg Daniel was really shining on stage.
Thank you so much ibbe and this appreciation coming from you makes us genuinely happy.
Love comes loves you all
.
.
Thank you for coming despite hari hujan.. We're truly glad and
Once it was 4 little bunnies.... ( ) To buy click on link in bio
boa sorteeeeee
Missed my boo
Lil bub
- Richa
One of best friends
Did it..w/the design from my girlsSimply special to me&them.Melissa at Edoc did a great job touching up the
RT this if you're excited for Monsta X's comeback, follow everyone who retweets and make sure to follow back
.@LiamPayne backstage en los ayer
Don't worry chan, my love for zero is as huge as yours
hehe awwwh thank you so muchhh!! last year with a 1 to my age next 20
Hermosa
my baby but when they argue: do not answer
Greatest song ever
Have a great night.
Valentine
This year you're mine datelvod_!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Hermosa
huge congratulations to and
Happy Birthday 23rd Kim Hanbinwish you all the best!
Halo Bubu kenalin kembaran kamu, Missy!
Thank you so much guys was a the amazing night
Nayeon Unnie
Happy Birthday !!!
Omg omg!!! Chanyeeeeeeol lalo akong na excite sa comeback
can't wait! not too long now
All very good suggestions!!
Cute . oppas are best
SOTY maker
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
HANBIN....
We loves you baby
Kitora
Aah congratulations you beautiful pair ...You will look good in anything
Te amor fdpt
Wish I was there also:( but I hope everyone had a great time at the concert
Happy Birthday, Queen!
The most beautiful gem ever on this planet
Pooja bought nosepin recently and rocking it
2 minutes till
existe
What we deserve to be seeing
I love you, my baby.
Kuch To Hal Sunao Uski Qayamat Bahon Ka
Wo Jo Simat'ty Hon Gy Un Wo To Marr Jaty Hon Gy
Thank you, diane treasure I love you too so muuch wow naman kung maka slow heeeeh
Happy
I love her so much
Had so much fun today!!! Thank you guys. Thank you my love for you is never ending
Gender Reveal
Congrats! mamshiee
happy birthday ate Gyps!! Love you!! Tres Hermanos Buffet Restaurant
We Could be the Greatest team , that the world has ever seen. You & me
"If you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything at all"
We are proud too.
I wish I knew how to do some but I sorry
Black men winning once again
what a judge! proud of you Lou
Happy Birthday Jody! Hope you have a wonderful day, you deserve it!
see u tonight!!!!
Red baby
SHARE and LIKE - 10 Day Push Traffic Results on MegaPush Utilizing SmartLink Dating Offers
Traveling back from London after quite an overwhelming weekend I have some thoughts.
One,
Look what you did!
da
Thanks Sue but this ain't my edit.. all credit goes to
You take care of yourself huni see you soon.
Happy birthday to my baby I love you yo China it would make her day if you wish her happy birthday
love this kind of beauty. the old kind of beauty sml for dr. addison
Loved it
So proud of you
My baby is so creative! Haha
REST IN PEACE!
DO I WANNA KNOW
I hope she feels better soon
friendship dsnt need reason though I guess I u bcause of mutuals
God help the shape on it! in Toby Carvery now, resist
Que saudade
so proud of YOU!
Love you, my happines.
I ADORE YOU
Have a beautiful day my baby cupcake
harta
Happy Birthday floof!
YOUR TEAM IS WINNING FOR SURE!!! the best team captain ever
isa pa to boyfriend material
I'm proud of you legend
Travis - Why Does It Always Rain On Me? amo esta
You look pretty
Just a little message for
THE SCAVENGER
I love you both but see this why we dont get names/initials tattooed yall wild Ily tho
Red pleasee check my dm
Lucky kids...!!
They have been amazing but you too
LVE
so proud of u
Thank you Senator Harris
Me: why you tell me I look bad?
Him: because you always look good
Good men are out there
Saw The Hate U Give last night & fell IN LOVE w/ lol ! definitely seeing it again later today
I love these 2 badass ladies so much.
IM SO PROUD OF YOUR CATEGORY
zoontje 2
Tag your friends
Please follow for latest, funniest and sarcastic memes and trends.. .
Ma heart
Life
Thank you so very much for the mentions
Brb while I CRY in my BED with Renee
Congratulations to my beautiful little Sailor Sister for graduating boot camp on the so proud of
We found her she was at Florida medical center thank you
You deserve better and you will find better it just takes time. It will get easier I promise xx
he is more than beautiful
Happy Birthday so happy your whole family is together today! You can officially have a
piece of trash,no wonder let him GOOO
Thank you din girl cnt wait for ur nxt jeongcheol & soonhoon au
now watching GGV
For the first time in a while my heart is full
Thank you din girl cnt wait for ur nxt jeongcheol & soonhoon au
Happy birthday Kouki!
the special day of our great
Shit, maybe we miss you
wait my gal
Real bitches last a lifetime and aint nun fraud about me.
Thank you Stanning K has taught me that you should always wish others well...
18 octobre : chantant en acoustique lors de son show pour Radio Disney LA ! (1/2)
And to my other bitches
I have some very loyal ass friends man. I cant believe they have this much faith in me and this business. thank u.
Make today a great one You deserve it
You are best Squad! And wishing you the same
so much love for my home girls
Miss you too homie
12.7.02
Thank you, Jim. She's our little princess
30. last song im listening right now
last played song is Hold On by LAY
Bienvenida a mi TL
incomplete as usual night swimming with my bitchksz love y'all!!!!
Paul Wesley play all
Stefan ( vampire) Silas (Wizard) and Luke Cates( Werewolf ) omg I love him
Don't be to hard on yourself because we all love you the way you are. Have a great and happy day. I love you
ayieee supportive kayo si tineeee!!!
Aww thank you Chris!
RT 1_F_I_R_S_T "_
Retweet & Like this
Follow all retweets & likes
Follow back INSTANTLY
Show Love
came to see mee she brought me yogurt ne mirinda I love you
Nuvvu happy ga unte chalanna
*BOTH* Only when your in the pictures we don't mind camera or iPhone pics bcz you look bomb in every picture
Actives ??
Like for Royale Bomber Giveaway !!
We came back from 8 years of Obama, so you can too!
just glad I could help nothing but love man!!
Metro FM & Coconut Fudge type Sunday
It's to determine jongins dick size
Thank you ber!!
Aww it was our pleasure
Add my On snap jada_mariee00
One of mine does this, too!
But how will you feel when someone you really love appreciate that love you have for
181020
lol you know ily babe
Saint Suppapong Udomkaewkanjana Cr. ig noted
Sunday evening drives consist of singing like psychos to
me my cousin & my sister talking ab my gma reminiscing
stay strong love he is in a better place now, pray for you and your family. we will always be here if you need us!!
::
Catching up with best friends on FaceTime always warms my heart.
Without You - Avicii
ily boo
Ditto, Courtney!!
I like you so much, you'll know it
LOVING this session with Anika!!!
Happy birthday!!!!! All the best to you!! God bless you!!! Hugs from Rio de Janeiro
so proud of you, congrats J
Highlight of the day!! What an Amazing, Kind woman L'Rell
YESSSIRRRRR, Britt you are one of the most creative people I KNOW. You are amazing, i appreciate ALL your help
thank you sis !
Found my soulmate
Some amount of yellow cards in the Celtic v hibs game yesterday, most of them were for excessive cuddling and kissing in the box
so in love with this lil boy & the feelings definitely mutual
Good morning, Beautiful! Love this
Hawu Kodwa me? A whole senior?! Seriously kodwa glad you are passing on that baton. Well done
I love this
SHSJHSKSJSKSSH ESTA MINA ES TAN ESPECIAL HAY QUE SER BIEN TONTA PARA CORRER PERO ELLA VA Y LO HACE
Yes yes iknow bro
Our view from thedavidcitadel in Tel Aviv. I Intercontinental David Tel Aviv
Baby love
Ended my ikon tv. been a really good one and thanks for the exposure to ikon !
Hello, new love
Macarena y
cant wait for my konbat
nothing but love I enjoyed every bit of it
Im really want
watching my church sending to help Florida Panhandle with Pray for the recovery!
real is something that the eyes see ~ J. Cole
Hold me close and hold me fast || La Vie En Rose
memory
Cruis'n USA / Nintendo 64 / 1996
Tag your friends
Please follow for latest, funniest and sarcastic memes and trends.. .
They were all amazing! Can't wait for more.Pretty sure one of them will win. You're doing a fantastic job
Amohhh Show na
Eeeeeeeyyyyy... juntos otra vez!!!!
Nah I feel where you're coming from. You're just ready to bounce back but you're a bad momma either way !
in my heart kiss
Oh my goodness! A month old already? I feel like you just had him! And I'm so glad he's a good baby for you!!
Thankful our lives crossed paths a year ago today. Who knows where both be without each other I love you
Background
Ima lucky man
Enjoying this glorious morning on SSI. A little cool air, a little, clear skies, a good .
BLESSED TO B BORN IN HIS ERA
Rt if u agree viratians
omg HOW COOL YES
Pueden poner Drake & Josh en netflix? Gracias
I'm really proud of you guys, I wish you the best
Happy Birthday our talent, producer, handsome Hanbin
te amo
Aw ^^
Hihi replied to my story officially my fav brand now
Smile
Fur walk in Zutphen! Thank you so much for attending everyone (you two are the
Blessed, as always.
Thanks to My Mothers!
Be strong. U can do it
Babai - Abbai
Thank you Cece
proud of you and proud of your boys !! you did us proud, louis
Thank you Rodney I dare lol did that as a kid while visiting a farm wanted to hug him and
crush my skull with that bar pls
I'M SO PROUD OF YOU LOUIS
Love this. Its beautiful
AMADEUS, I promise that one day, we will meet again
CVHS 09
Im glad we can both support milan at least
Oh bless things like this make me feel so privileged for UK healthcare for each prescription
RT pour BLEACH !
FAV pour ONE PIECE !
Follow pour un max de battle !
This tweet, "RT kpoplover727: Samsung AND Apple love EXO
Gotta love legends
Eu amo meus amigos
Proud of you
so proud of you and the lads i can already see one of them winning
This time next week be in Newcastle
Having a loving family is the best gift a child could ask for.
|
Soon baby... Soon
GIVEAWAY
x1 Blue Squire Account
To enter:
RT
Like
Follow
Happy place
Joanne & Kieth
Get tickets for - 'Sustainable Business = Better Business' with - -
CONJUNTO MUJER
ALGODON FRENCH TERRY REACTIVO
(POLERA)
TALLAS: S - M - L
PRECIOS ESPECIALES PARA MAYORISTAS!!!
slut-trish: What we do
Thank you so much!
Happy Birthday
Sobre o role de ontem
Caynan may look a little intense, but he's all LOVE!!
i love you!!!
Exley!
Happiest Birthday Hanbin Takecare of yourself and restwell
Had SO much fun last night celebrating Caitlin Basler and Matthew Mondry
I love you with all my heart
haha kakrin.. i love the way you call woozi as wuji i even asked my friend to call me wuji too lol I only
FOLLOW every RETWEETER & LIKER
"IFB"
FOLLOWBACK all
And we are proud of you, Louis!
Thank YOU loml
for the second time!!
iKON wouldn't come this far without you! You've sacrifice so much for iKON
Look at this..
so proud of you
Selamat ulang tahun
Cie makin tua
Absolutely beautiful!
Proud of you
We Fuller Figure Fuller Bust - Blogger & Model
This women is AMAZING and we loved it when she came in for a
Hottie and Rave Babe at EDC Orlando We can't wait for this upcoming edc_orlando
ILoveyoutoo MommyZy thankyouuu po
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE LOVE OF MY LIFE
A beautiful face doesn't mean anything without a beautiful heart.
take care of yourself my boy. see you again, when the flowers bloom I will always wait for you.. good night my boy
in
Happy birthday ! Please know that lotsa people who genuinely love and adore you~ Keep smiling
Happy birthday to u
coffee dates & midnight car rides with you is the best thing
FOLLOWTRAIN? ??
RETWEET? LIKES
FOLLOW ALL WHO RT??
GAIN WITH ?
Meu consolo
HE LOOKS SO CUTE LIKE A BABY AND PAPA SHOWNU AWWWWW MY GOSHHHHH MY HEART
I love you
happy birthday, you nerd-ass
and i am proud of you
Hi Rosie, Happy Weekend. Have a fabulous Sunday & a beautiful new week.
Svp svp nouuus, pour son anniversaire
To Kyungsoo's hair, I love you
1996.10.22 B.I Birthday
Colin Firth
happy birthday bub u deserve the best i love you
wieeeee galing niyo~ shempre lalo na yung tropa naming si wek . congratsssss!
I wish you all the best in the future. Let's walk together along the road with flowers
HAPPY BIRTHDAY CUTIE
Red and cute , that lipstick girl , 10/10 would marry
Love you goddess so much
I had like 100 messages about this yesterday. About to record and then send to
Still got mine
Always got for you Madonna
Always a good time in the Port
Il mio Milan
Ya Ya Gosto Muito De Ti
You always know when I need it!
happy birthday
Bonito ontem!
Mestre
Good morning !
Good afternoon !
Good evening !
Good night !
Army
12:00 KST
Congratulations and celebrationslots and lots of love
Syudah semoga menang Aamiin hhe
I love you Kim Hanbin
Happiest birthday baby...remember that you have me, until every last star in the galaxy dies, you have me
My little beauty queen loves her bacon scented toy from playologypets What is your dogs favorite toy?
I just because ily not a fan of pumpkin flavored things
+
+
:
Who is that girl senpai?
Senpai, is so cute today!
HahAHahAHahAHahAHahAHahAHa
I'm so proud of you and the boys
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
lil bro
Praise the Lord! God answers prayer!
"A heartbreak is a blessing from God. It's just his way of letting you realize he saved you from the wrong one."
Ctto: Essa
Happy birthday, great guy!
KIM HANBIN HAPPY BIRTHDAY ILYSM
woke up to say my and ...
Tu tranquilo. Nosotros te bancamos
ELLAS CON ARISTEMO
Hermoso mensaje !! BESO AL CIELO PARA MI
thank you lexi!!! hope to see you soon i miss you
Ty for being YOU
Lazy Mondays, always good to chill with ma girl.
Happy birthday Kim Hanbin
We will
Happy Birthday Anna!!!! We you!!!
MIA:
SO IM LIKE AT THE BEACH WITH THESE MOFOS.
my one and only, happy happy birthday
Welcome back..! N more power to you
Hot chocolate butter
Bought this new little book to start to write in.
It called to me.
For obvious reasons.
12.7.02
happy birthday sis, wish you all the best, take care always & godbless, imissyou & iloveyou
Happy birthday to Ursula Le Guin
I'm so proud of youuuu VPB
My heart
Happy Birthday to the most talented person!! I've been loving you since you were still a rookie,you're my one
BH lindo Brasil
Lakers lost today but the alteration was solid wtfffff hahahaha bad boys part 2
Happy birthday kim hanbin I love you so much
TBH Unair Bhai You Are Cutey Your Avi Is Lit Such A Great Man I Love Your Tweets
with my beautiful gals
Thank you & nunes451 for such a fun
730 Days
3 Apartments
2 Cats
Countless wonderful memories
1 Person loved sharing every moment with Happy
Happy birthday!!! Love you!
I'm proud of you and I'm proud of your boys! You did a great job! Really proud
Petit ange...
[ BOXX SESSION ] SNAP - INK WARUNTORN via
Wishing u more happy returns of the day
Best wishes from fans and from
It's time for
Its great to be with my main again, finally!! Welcome home Enjoy your breeak mwaa!
Thank you for sharing Sue!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, KULOOT
Super excited , bad thing I've got a headache. But it's okay
Can't wait to see and meet tonight at
Since growl era
Thank you love
[ ]
2018.10.19~ing
happy birthday love
...Proud of my little girl yesterday
happy birthday to our leadernim !! always remember that you are deeply appreciated
I love you too Sis
So proud of you tho.
i love you baby
Everybody needs a dress like this
A W indeed
happy birthday to hanbin
SML FOR THESE PEEPS
You were a fabulous judge please stay
Happybirthday suamikkuu
Happy birthday sayang
thank you ima take a shot of henny for you fam
Let's walk on the flower path from now on and celebrate more years of success!
Oh, gorgeous.
Please DM me by tonight (10:00 PM EST) if you are interested in the Jonghyun badges the form will be posted
Kate and Leo forever!
today 2/1c on
5. My name and tswift fave number/ birthday 13
Mala Madre. Excelente
Feliz a todas!
Already voted for Brendan
I love my president
My boyfriend and I were Freddy vs. Jason for my Halloween party!
HANBIN-ah, happiest birthday. See you on November 11
nay em Saint =)) Bring me the power plss
Kat Trotta is coming to visit me in a few weeks could cry ya best pal just KNOWS
Tan
The episode was so much more fun than I thought it would be. And it was really nice to see Karan growing softer for Deepika
miss out on new posts on my main account follow me at itskpax itskpax itskpax
sweeter that sweet tea
10/20-21/18
ajsksksjs literally going to slide into your dm now and i love love love you too!!!
yes yes po bebe
Yeah.. it would be helpful trend jldi hone mai help hogi
Did u draw that cause I like it I mind getting that tattoo beautiful
your team will definitely win proud of you
Family Team Deann
Meh...You'll do fine!
time
We love Jake's Page!
Happy Birthday SuperLeader of iKON
Blessed be
Already doing that!
fashion 2018: La festa della moda. LASCIA UN LIKE E CONDIVIDI SE
IS KILLING THE GAME!!! So proud
SEGUIDORES? SIGUEME Y TE SIGO YAAAA#Followback avisa con
yeahhh I am waiting for you mom
mommy~ please support me and another members
jajaja
Stay by my side
Mama drea follows
Sorry for no stream lately, I will be back streaming Tomorrow!
Happy birthday Kim Hanbin
I'm so proud of you
I hate saying bye to my friends nothing better than a weekend with your day ones
Congrats Jenny!
Que bom amg
happy birthday to our hanbinieeee!
Loved playing around with the ring light today
i feel so insecure but thank u cutie
Happy birthday bby, keep health please Our the best leader
Had a tough day but still thankful and blessed! TyG
be more thankful for where I am in life
Oh Theo.
Huge to you. This is outrageous, deliberately cruel and I can only say it strengthens my resolve
GANDA AWRA NI MEME
Voted for all of them
OUIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII tomwelling parismangascifishow Merci mon amour saiyajink_tattoo
Acostume-se baby so tem a melhorar
this tweet if you couldn't make it to church today and you need prayer. Leave us a comment.
Pwera usog kiddo
Our precious Litol Quail Happy Birthday My Love thank you for existing. I want to remind you how much you
Can't wait to see my girl tomorrow
SEGUIDORES? SIGUEME Y TE SIGO YAAA avisa con#SIGUEMEYTESIGO 1.3
Happy Birthday babe
The Art of Living! What Is Is
GENEROUS
Red and Yellow () kasi Beauty and the Beast everyone can use it for the love of CalVice
Thank you Runner Rocky!
Clean room
Clean closet
Clean car
All good? All good!
Happy Birthday
Lifeline
Happy birthday to the
Our leader, we're proud of you!!
Protect your Intimate area
By using this
SHUYA FEMININE WASH
Your most intimate area deserves better
Liam & my fave girls
OMG! This is so great! I've wanted Sebastian Stan in one of your films for a long time now. Just
Vimala Raman Photo Gallery
The post Actress Vimala Raman Photo Gallery
Fikei Tumblr nessa foto
thank you for using your voice even though it can be difficult to share your political views
Guys please go check my recent post I need some help
ily too
RIP K-9 Fang
Amazing perfect sexy red booty panties awesome best love gorgeous I like it I love it
follow
Well spent day
Wow! What a simple, yet profound word!
This cute lil rat
proud of you all
HAPPY HANBIN DAY
Thank you for bringing out the best in iKON, Kim Hanbin. Happy Birthday!
Voted for Shimron Hetmyer as my
thankyouuu hope you're happy and blessed too esp with exo comeback soon!!!
I LOVE YOU LEADER!!!
H A P P Y
B I R T H D A Y
DO THIS LAD ! They were absolutely amazing !
Amen
Fruits and Cookies on cake never looked better...
.
.
Cake Details:
.
Price: N13,500
Size: 9 inches
Shape:
Have fun My cutie
18 octobre : chantant en acoustique lors de son show pour Radio Disney LA ! (2/2)
Perritos fiesteros
221018 HAPPY 23rd BIRTHDAY, love may you showered with happiness and postives vibes only have
We love you.
worry, got their backs, and yours
Prince
Iloveyou tooo!! Imissyouu too!! i'll hug you when i see you, goodnight
been on some really cute Autumn walks this weekend
Just look at my sis
Happy birthday baby You've always work hard and finally getting what you'd dream before Hoping for the best 2
Soon you'll regret what you're doing to Jennie now. We love you so much Jennie Kim
Perfect
Handsome ke tu
Roses are red
Violets are blue
If I don't get a key
I will kill youe
TO COM TANTA SAUDADE DE VC MEU AMORZINHO TE AMO INFINITO
-Liv Te amo infinito
gosh hwangbo is so pretty
Get ready, your heart is going to swell for this one!
Awww man i remember i was a jit when put me on the EXEC board for NAACP. was my first family on camp
Happy Sunday from our hearts to yours
.
Make it a great day, remembering that every moment is precious...
.
Music that just draws you near to God.
day 9: today i am going to try and smile a lot more and be grateful for all that i have!
Hehehe!! Love it!
Much more satisfying.
Goodnight birthday boy please have a good rest!!!!!
thank you! love youu! Ingat sa byahe next week?
Wishing happiness for the both of us
+2 com/sem casaco
Good morning have a great day!
Free JT
Love how supportive you all are of each other
thank you so much
Jimin
thankful for days like yesterday with
Shownu look at this old man such a pie
Happy birthday my leader thank u for everything. I love you so much, no condition, no
this song
The best man
Just kidding, I know. Nice art
Lovely sunday
* A nice and warm blanket
* Listening to
* Reading a good book
*
Proud of you
Exactly 3 years ago, same day, same time, i've greeted you with love
Gracias por existir
happy birthday hanbinnie!
happy birthday my one and only
I need your light.
Damn it melts my heart
from Vietnamese fans
ALWAYS HERE FOR YOU
Ugh I wish I sadly have to work :// or I would be there
literally seeing him in person was the best day of my life
My precious quail, leader, tigerbin, mambin I love the way your mind works, so inspirational and thoughtful.
, ya viste a nuestro Se ve tan sexy....
Omg omg omg omg I love you you always make my days better i really want to meet you John
And the nyc subway
And go on worshiping your God till certainly (of death) comes upon you
You did an amazing job with the boys, best judge ever!
I just saw this. Thank you SO much for this.
Thank you Sofia
Also really cool in this
cats truly are great judges of character.
Thank you for always being being amazing
Happy Birthday bb koLove you mwahhh
Happy birthday . I love you so much
Happiest birthday to the most selfless,responsible and loving person known you are the reason iKON is
Cute
I loved it!
Happy birthday love
Te amo
Happy birthday Kim Hanbin. Thanks for all, our leader
Oh, Captain, my Captain!
I love you for who you are. God doesn't mess up at all if even if he made us with flaws
happy 23rd birthday kim hanbin!!! this is the only thing i can do for him. i hope
Most Welcome
Everything needs to go message on the app with any questions I can ship tomorrow
message ! my awesome tour photographer
The last Triple-B of 2017 (45 Photos)
The past few months lost some of my best friends but also realised that they were the only people who were holding me back
The memories
Luisitooooo
happy birthday , kim hanbin ! my love , you are amazing and thank you for always working hard . i know it is
Time to leave as at on - still outside in the
That shit is, as they say, real af. I'm here if you need anything I can offer.
Happy Birthday Hanbin aaaaa wish you all the best
Happy Birthday leadernim!
im always thankful
thank youuuu marzen!
Congratulations, Jessica! So excited for you
One of my favourite songs from him
The cutest
Essa imagem
Wishing you lots of wishes! You deserve all the great things that is happening to you and to iKON Happy Happy
OUIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII tomwelling parismangascifishow Merci mon amour saiyajink_tattoo
let's throwback
happy birthday hanbin!!
You are amazing and so proud of you! Yesterday we met Armstrong as well and so nice!
Open BOOKING
ID :
ID :
Area : SURABAYA
EXPO : -
EXCLUDE ROOM
PANLOK
Sunday relax!
I miss the Vlogs
I love you so much
Happy birthday uti Leader
My Angels that made this party happen! Love
Happy birthday chubby Drink some Gatorade
Already voted! All my five went to the boys, Antony twice
I love you too much louis
Enjoy this beautiful ride
all time fave song by MaCeli is playing on Metro
I love you
True love
Second bride titilopeipinyomi this vibe. Totally my mood this week. Congratulations sister Thank
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
They were amazing love and you're the best mentor, proud of you
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KIM HANBIN SEE SOON
i thank God everyday for my best friend!
Ooh, Sunday! your Please call 905-536-1146 for take out!
Thank you too dear!! thanks to joining our group order and nice to meet you today, hope will
happy birthday to our main vocal and our cutie in iz*one who always makes us go UWUUUU have a great day ahead
HAPPY B-DAYYY I love you
Aww I really miss Heartbeat
Leaving hometown back to work place after a week is heartbreaking come soon
HBD
So this was amazing and she was brilliant obviously!
I need a sugar baby I pay via western union app now from any country
Cheers to your 23rd B.I.rthday leader-nim thankyou for serving us the greatest music you could ever make
Happy Birthday to iKON leader and producer Kim Hanbin a.k.a BI
I declare you, Queen of the Selfie
5 cities in south
hehe
All these ending tweets just gave me the confidence and power I never thought I needed time to
Desi girls
Aww, merci
Wish I was wild but not >> laid back friend
Es que no me lo creo
been 3 years since HOME was released how do you feel about it?
Aww thank you, glad you think so!
You were fantastic three days in a row! Thanks for that and see you again in one week!
18 octobre : chantant en acoustique lors de son show pour Radio Disney LA ! (1/2)
Simply the best!
Never enough never regret
so proud of you
TBH you Are Innocent And Interactive Person Your Avi Is Lit
John Champion
Meu amor
I just want to say THANK YOU.....for all your hard work you and your trusted ikonics are doing
Dude girl I feel this on such a strong level! Stay strong. Our time will come.
Apollo reminds you it's Lazyday today!
Share pics of you with us
Get better love. It sucks but try to breathe!
your face is my favourite face to wake up
181022 - FANCAFE
181022 HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YURI
Everyone is very nice and accommodating
Why do I see Infinite in this cb?? Feeling ko rin ito ang magiging fave Golcha song ko
MISS KO BATCHMATES KO TONIGHT TANGINA NYO!
Happy Birthday to my first bias in iKON
Happy Birthday Kim Hanbin
Thanks bud.
I know I haven't seen ya since tmg, but I hope to see you there next year and maybe slap me in the face.
..
Wohuuu..freak U look dam handsome man
Waiting for HD pics
it feels so good to see you being so happy louis wishing best to your team
How can just a four letter word describe something so immensely felt
My love for you is
Happy birthday
Ily
You always make me smile. Thank you. Happy birthday.
the smile
its your bd today! I LOVE YOU
Hoping the best for you in the future Who ever treats you better treat you right.
WORTH IT ANG PAGHULAT SA 11 PM UY. AKONG HEART
Insta twit
Feelings on Safety
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOUUU, MY ONE AND ONLY
happy birthday to the loml
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MY BIAS KIM HANBIN@B.I
I swear your lads are lucky to have a mentor like u
Happy Birthday Hanbinnie.
I can't get over how beautiful Namjoon is!!
yessss, finally
I was voting all day proud of you
WOAH I HEAR ANGELS SINGING
Happy birthday daughter
Here we go with Anderson to start!! Let's do this!
to rock, greatest leader, happy birthday bub!
Get well soon humare Deepu ....
We can see the pain in your eyes Loads of Loeveeee
Fatafat
Thank you so much my love
Happy late birthday isabel! So grateful to have a friend like you who I can count on celebrate soon babe
Happy birthday love
A princess in real life!!
asked for anything Thank you love!
Is the second most handsome in the prologue
My cousin had the best wedding yesterday! Ugh
PE&K and NYC today
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABY BOY I LOVE YOU
with her friends via IG post
-
Hi Susane I know if you saw this article about the coup in Honduras
I thought that we'll have a full group photo but nope...here we come with Yuri's birthday photo.
Anyways, Happy Birthday Yuri
fetus hanbin
MonCarat. fight me!
happy birthday to my honey!!! i imagine life without you, my forever best friend i hope you loved
So thankful to have you
E era "Love Shack"
Nois broo
To our dottae happy happy birthday!! i love you so muchhhh
Mother and Child...
I truly believe that if I was a dog, this is what I would look like
So glad this popped up in my feed Looks like the young lady had a great time! Fantastic smile
Our Tong Yang Plus experience
You guys are incredible
thank you for the account
I love you and miss you Nate
Sunday
Happy birthday to the love of my life. I love you, have a good day.
it will be a good game
We are many who love Trump
this Love is Love so proud of you! Every song on this album is perfect and I wait to
nothing but blessings
Te Amo Jovem
Daniel updated happy sunday bby
Hihihi muito bom
Happy birthday to our dearest Hanbinie iKON and iKONICS are so blessed to have you. I pray that all your
All hail the pumpkin queen
Happy birthday
I used to go to the Danbury fair when I was a kid.
Exatamente bem assim
Lucky!!! Enjoy the Broadway Musical
My source of happiness
Because of u iKON and iKONICS got 3 comeback in this year thank u for always working
To the most beautiful,kind-hearted leader
you can always tell me something that bothers you
ES LA LINDA LA AMO TANTO CHILE TE QUIERE DE VUELTA CAMZZZ
Thank you, Jim. No harm, no foul. I can definitely see how you thought I might be a bot.
Blooming love this shirt
20 and have a copy
happy birthday beaut gurl! Hope had a lush day
small school, big impact congrats u guys made us so proud!!
We make a Killer Couple! Like if you agree!!!
Everybody on SC: OMG your stomach
that shit look weird
irritating the word
YOU TWO HAVE MY WHOLEASS HEART
TimeCapsule's IG Update
aww jaehyun is the sweetest :(
I want you losers to starts sending me your email address for paypal so I can start requesting money
Goddess wants to spoil herself
This screams "bite" aesthetic to me urgh plants and flowers look beautiful, contente que tu ais eu
Charisma_HanBin update : RT YG_iKONIC:
I love you, I love you , I love you
absolutely everything been searching for. my greatest
Me being me
HAPPIEST BIRTHDAY MY LEADER!!
Just finished reading the interview now time for me to look at your masterpieces
I love you so much
she is one of the best inspiring beautiful sourdough Baker in and out. Best wishes for your creations you may inspire all more and more
this is so adorable love u guys mwah
Happy Birthday to the Greatest Leader ever our ONE AND ONLY BI
happy birthday my precious leader hanbin!
I love you just alittle more every day
Thank you all for watching!! Sa uulitin
The only wants what it can't have
All the boys performances were incredible!! such a good mentor
[LIVE/FR/QC/PS4] FORTNITE via
happy birthday, loml. see you soon
Happy birthday my dear~
I hope you always surrounded by happiness Stay healthy!
I love you with all of my
thanks for giving ally her first grammy!!!!!
Oh my goodness. The good boy fund.
I love you too babe. Where have you been i miss u so muchh im so pleasure to see u in here. And if
HAPPIEST BIRTHDAY MY ONE AND ONLY HANBIBI I LOVE YOU SO SO SO MUCH! I HOPE ALWAYS LOOKING AFTER YOUR
In The Mood For Love - Chenug, Leung, Doyle, WKW
BEN
Happy birthday to our best leader Kim Hanbin you've always been the greatest of 'em all, thank you for your
Thanks Buddy
I wish I could reunite with my twin flame so that we grow old together ... not apart
I love you too babe!
Congrats that's a big one !!
Love her smile so much! Worcester, Worcestershire
YOU are and will always remain the BEST Captain America, however you are quite Gifted as well! Fantastic movie!!! Bravo!!
Every time I use them I think of you.
congratulations , beautiful
Phela friend banu ga phir best friend
Happy birthday love
KKKKK
No need ...just grateful to still be here to fight for us
love you
2018
RT official_izone
i wouldn't ask for anything when kim hanbin exists
This man has my whole fucking heart
boa tardee
Thank you!! I will miss you guys!
Good to see u Tayo lang lumolobo si ate walang nagbago!
Every Strugle in Your LiFe haS Shaped you into the perSon you are today.
Be Thankful For The Hard TiMeS ; They Can Only Make You Stronger
Ramleela is still my fav baba and ofcrs this couple is love
Congrats .
Open BOOKING
ID :
Area : JOGJA
EXPO :
INCLUDE/EXCLUDE ROOM
BBW Lovers
Spek :
Happy Birthday to my man! Kim Hanbinah!! Saranghae ~
Live your fucking life, Man.
doing the best
Colorful grey yum yum
thank you for your kind tweets that help make my days brighter wonderful and lucky to have you!
Proud of you always.
Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower
.
.
7. A walk to remember
Spending my Sunday tending to this one after her surgery on Friday. Still smiling!
"Yes. Because it's for fantasy."
Love it.
Open BOOKING
ID :
Area : DEPOK-JAKARTA
EXPO : Bogor 20-21 OKT
INCLUDE/EXCLUDE ROOM
BBW
Follow&support
hi ikaw yung bff ko since day 1 and grabe mo ka perfect!! we're always gonna be serena and blair :)) luv u lots
Domingos family
cocktail time, en Nobu Hotel Ibiza Bay
toi aussi sweet heart
I wait to tweet this! Congrats
Thanks
Happy birthday, boy
HB kween
my constant mood & icon
When the sword fell , the shield was there
the wall
get well soon
Dance with Shia LaBeouf and Zachary Gottsagen at the Event in Denver
Lord thankyou po
Amoooo
take as much time as you need to get better. I truly above all just want u to be happy, you beyond deserve it. you
3 long days in the hospital glad everything went okay so thankful to God
Happy birthday B.I I just want to say I LOVE YOU SO MUCH
our leader Bin. A guy who deserves everything in this world. I love you and always will.
Open BOOKING & VCS
ID :
Area : BEKASI
EXPO :
BUMIL Lovers
More info cek bio!
COD
Get well soon baby
Ilyt see you tomorrow
My special design
so excited to start wearing winter clothes
iu ko
on Sundays we listen to Sunday
What's going on? DMs are always open
omg Alex never too late for cute shit thank you
We love fans paying tributes to the real Queen B
Touch of care
I love it! I did a big chop this morning. Love your growth!
TE AMO MUCHO SEOKJIN
Mil gracias, Will!!
Knowledge comes from learning.
Wisdom comes from living. making new habits for my new life
KKKKKKKK
IFB guaranteed everyone who likes
Congratulations! I pray nothing of that sort ever happens to her
I'd give Syd all the bed..
Valentine
This year you're mine datelvod_!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
my kind of happiness
Love the second pic awh
Happy Birthday Carrie
This picture will always remain superior. bestest leader
Much love we always been good past the college football teams we love n die with
It's okay hun, go at your own pace
RT and follow for a DM
VS
"" si t'es +
"" si t'es +
Can't wait to go see Wales v England with my fav
Muka bantal so cuteeeeee
Overeating just to hangout with your crush. Soft
Laurick is real
i do love aleister, nikki, tommosa, ricochet, adam, ruby, ember, johnny, candice, velveteen, kairi and many more so much
Speaking my blessings into existence
you are very professional, a true mentor and the best judge, very good job
I hope y'all like it pls tag
Tan Hermoso
A tropical state of mind
Rishma
Good morning
Good night
is Worldwide
We love El
And we were able to meet with wonderful
KKKKKKKKKKKKK ownnn vc eh gentil OBG miga
TILL 100!!!!!!
de vous revoir
Thanks you, your my
_
Retweet & Like this
Follow all retweets & likes
Follow back INSTANTLY
Show Love to
TBH Your Dimple is Your Beauty Your Avi Is Lit Classy Display
I wish I could reunite with my twin flame so that we can grow old together ... not apart
I just got so emotional watching this know I love elephants
Belly dance
Follow
Offline? Add to favorites
im jealous hahah!!
Set up a day & time & I got y'all
Maybe do ombre silver hair in the future thanks!
ily
bish get me ur presence its all I require
Que show maravilhoso foi esse
Pltl smol!!
ONE FOR BI
Love bellarke faces but can we appreciate diva poses hahaha
always welcome love
Read it
Jumong was so good
aaa it's hanbin's birthday!!!! happy birthday hanbin, thank you for being an amazing leader!!!! i love you
thank you everyone who ever helped me with getting noticed by calum. i promise i will do my best and try to help all of you
'GO' L 'D' he is
Miss you Carrie
Using Twitter video downloder, u can easily download!!!!
Happy birthday Kim Hanbin oppa
I wish you always be healthy happy in your life and achieve all your goal.
goodnight i love youniverse and this lovely beret bean here for those who just started your sunday, have a
Happy birthday our main vocalist,hope you have a great day with the
Fighting Love u
loving on the mindy project he will always be Jake to me so any chance to see him on tv again
19) LIFE UNDERWATER is a warm, gorgeous, sensual story about overcoming fear with love Featuring open, honest
You're doing an amazing job.
The one that i love
Most beautiful, heartwarming thing you'll see all day
Les out there, dm me please. I have something for u
Fam
J JUST FINISH MY LAST EXAM OF DRIVING!! I PASSED!
I FINALLY GOT MY F** LICENSE IM SO HAPPY
Uncomplicated Choices
When life gave you lemons, you learned who stayed and made lemonade with you. Or
i want to travel the world with you
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BABY BOYYYYYY THANK U FOR EVERYTHING MAY U SHINE BRIGHTER THAN THE SUN WITH iKON I LOVE
We love you bonus daughter! Feel better!
B.I DAY
Tung cover ko dito sa twitter is like 3 to 5 yrs ago
so happy omg coffee or lunch this week???
Tag your love Where would you two travel if you could go anywhere for free? 1 week everything paid
"Would you kill ME, my love?"
HAPPY ANNIVERSARY BABE
Happy birthday
Thank you for existing. Life would be less bearable without you. Happy birthday, my love!
Happy birthday, boy
The biggest loss you can take is when you give/open your to ah snake
Thanks for having good wishes for Pakistan..
Dead.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to You! Greeting from HONG KONG!
Happiest bday to my favorite one, one and only kim Hanbin
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JO YURI
Him making me not mad anymore and says just ignore them just ugh and him sending "" to me is just ugh my
OPPORTUNITY DON'T HAPPEN YOU CREAT THEM
Become Mash It Up Fitness Instructor!
Join us for upcoming
uri giant baby so amazing, I'm crying now
Will do my baby is holding strong but I know so hurt :( love you too lay
Happy birthday hanbinnnnn ... We're always here loving you
1O,OOO cash batch 1 & 2
Love is in the Air
happy birthday kim han bin uwu
Superb
Better live alone if staying together seems lifeless.
Can't wait to decorate my house/apartment from scratch one day In shaa Allah
This is one of our favorite photoshoot spots.
Goodnight everyone
Exactly!
Aesa dekha nhi, khubsurat koi.
growing officially 11 weeks and the size of a Brussels Sprout
so sorry for your loss
I know I have to be patient I know God is working cause he answers me when I ask.
with video
Nice is that a pot roast?? Recipe please
VGOD Pro 200 Kit
Use iVap15 Coupon Code
Link in my bio
Follow me For More...
You alright?
The best graffiti in the world and goodmorning
happy respiratory care week
to iKON's one and only leadernim happy birthday to you!!! i sarang you so much
you can't imagine how glad I'm for having you in my life
Tnxxx I hope I made the right decision
1996.10.22 B.I Birthday
Family gives the most joy
Meu VHope
WE
Got the sweetest boyfriend and friends
Thank you nexi
You still my dream
Sinceramente, es perfecta.
Thank you for being the reason I smile
Definitely, Craig.
My favourite brew, especially made with Yorkshire water.
I'm sure that yours is delicious, too
Hanbin all over my timeline. I'm already loving this day. Have a good one birthday boy,
Sirf SamajhDarr Kai Liye
i see!! be sure to get enough exercise today and take care while out, i love you so much
Protect this child
Happy birthday Kim Hanbin
So glad your apart of the series! You all work well together, and I love the show. Love and light!
condolences.
So here my First Meme
Btw This meme is from my Instagram acc
I hope you guys like it
SOOO YUUUN. HAPPY BIRTHDAY, KASIDEH! LIBRE, LIBRE! AY, JOKE! LABYUUU!
Happy anniversary you wonderful people
So f**king happy my Padmaavat couple getting married
Perfection
Meu
Stay strong and pray always, okay? Take care always, I love you
So proud of you
definitely yesss
Happy birthday to Jo Yuri!!!
I pray the Lord protect the path im going
Goodmorning
Spam??
React
Had to learn to move differently
let the positive vibes surrounded yourself sayang
GOOD NIGHT
Happy birthday Hanbin ah~! I hope to see you really soon.
Happy Birthday!!
TBH Bro You Are Love Handsome Your Pin Is Handsome Classy Display As Well
Off with his head
Hey to all my TeamPwnage_Live is now streaming Art stop by and show some
heyy, have a safe flight boo
Once Lovatic always and forever Lovatic come back with us... We miss you
Here you go Eris.
EXO Concept Short Film via
happy birthday to one of the most inspirational people in my life, i love u and im so thankful that u exist
Arnold the turtle
HAPPY BIRTHDAY URI BEST LEADER I LOVE YOUUUUUUU
Happy Birthday Carrie Fisher, I miss you
EXO Concept Short Film -
a good one to lend.
I could be anything in the world but I wanted to be yours.
crazy over mines
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MY BOY HANBIN Thank you for being born.. Thank you for being a good leader for iKON.. kakak
6 years ago, Fareed Bhaiya's Muhdeekayi. Cousins from Ma side. Just a few of us, not even half. Memories
Good Morning Happy Sunday! Thank God for another beautiful day. Everyday Love
feel honoured
You must be tired
After everything we
Did in My Dream Last Night
~@leelee1873 RT
I'm ravished exhausted
i know who needs to hear this but he was never going to change sis. you did the right thing.
Gorgeous
Bless u she belongs to a close friend that got forced into a shitty situation where they can't
T H E R A P Y
Always here, since the beginning. Supporting you
love you Ate Angel! thank u mucho
never felt this type of love before
I love you so much baby girl
wow i'm so proud of you! well done
CORREEEEE MARIAS GASOLINA
Love Jazz? Here you go!
Walking while wearing earphones with the cold touch of windblow and a tiny raindrops is the best
Grateful to this guy for being with me in Pittsburgh this weekend! Means the world
The best leader thank u for always working hard bb enjoy your day
happy birthday twin
Happy Birthday, Dower
I swear I spent hours searching for the perfect card, but eventually I gave
Happy birthday to our Hanbinnieeee
Open BOOKING
ID :
Area : OTISTA JAKTIM
EXPO :
BBW Lovers
INCLUDE/EXCLUDE ROOM
Cutiiieeeee
Congratulations girl
Happy birthday
Thank you much much so friendly!! Thank you for stay with me until the times up! really
Goodnight
hehe brigada
Jughead
Found a house behind my tree! Seregno
Followed
18.10.22
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABY
Create your own sunshine
God... there you go again being amazing.. THANK YOU
you are very professional, a true mentor and the best judge, very good job
Being loved is amazing
Happiest birthday my love!! Hoping for the best for you and iKON thankyou for everything I will always be by
spending time with him
HAPPY BIRTHDAY HANBINNIE
Thousands Army Deep State March To America with their State
Sub
Follow RT
Feliz dia dia mi negra hebrea jajaj
Thanks big bro, love and miss you too fam come home soon
Merci NamJoon You perfect
She's too much
You should be so proud of yourself because you did an amazing job
LISTEN UP EVERYONE
today is keith's bday
Thank u
Unconditionally
Thank You So Much!! pallvi
Pinto Art Museum 2016 . Our second time .
Damn it, Jensen. Stop being so amazing! I can't handle it. Son of a bitch. Lol.
thank you so much
!
happy birthday to the one and only I know we're not that close, but hey we can try have a
love seeing you people appreciate you as much as we do
That kilig spark is back
Now a devotion
I love this
Loveeee you
THANKS 4 TODAY LOVE U, FAM!!
ME CHAMA NA DM BB
my kind of sundate
i hope i can always make you smile like this
TYL.
We were here and will be here tonight.
I do like dogs too! But cats just steal my whole heart
happy birthday
acontece com as lendas
giorgiamel12 Well Done
SELAMAT
MALAM BITJI
Good luck tonight, Kaley, Christian and Nick!
My Everything
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BIN HOPE YOU'RE HAPPY AND HEALTHY ALWAYS
Can you get me a ticket sell them in Blackpool
v welcome. thank you
Self care Sunday: PJs, coffee, cupcakes, blankets, Doctor Who.
And the wind in the curtains
GONGCHANIDA B1A4_gongchan
TIGGERCHANIDA
Career Moments
I ' l l C r u m p W i t h Y o u S w e e t i e P i e .
Thanks Nick
A great blessing indeed!
Thank you to our PETJ family
Special thanks to:
Ms. Juvy Flores Abecia
Mr. JD Delos Santos
Ms. Em Fontanilla
Lmfao. I swear never here for the bullshit.
Happy Birthday Ma!!
Favorite food date
Love u my boy
EXO Concept Short Film via
The best tribute and the mixture of all the iconic songs in one mv .!!! I love it
will do!! Keep up the amazing mentoring, you are so precious and beautiful
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY MAIN LOVEYOU!!! (ctto)
aww thanks Tam Tam
Thank you, Lauren! Literally still in shock.
Te ves hermoso uwu te amo muchoooo
T H E R A P Y
Ma brother
someone is important to you, you should do everything you can, possible and impossible, to keep them near
Tune and credits!
New York, I love you too much!!
Thhhhhhe fucking kinnnng i love him
You too, dear
I found a coloring app on my phone. Coloring soothes me.
This note and rose attached to a gate led to a heartwarming response
you have no idea how much this means, it made me so happy
SE JUEGA !
Festejamos en casa ...
Beautiful photo!!!
God is the best part of my life
Aunty's sweetheart
sdds temporada
Burn your bra and join the revolution! (39 Photos)
Happy Birthday
Aj lof ju tu xD
Happy iKON Leader Kim hanbin Bi
We loveeeee youuuu so muchhhhhhhhhhhh
So proud of you
I miss my mommy why you left me like that
Austin is really my bestie I tell nobody else anything, he hears all the tea rl
Nap naps number two. Been here five hours and already feeling settled
20k views!!! I'll ship if I want to
Happy sunday evening my dear
HAPPY BIRTHDAY B.I
I you so much I wish I could've come to the Toronto show. Maybe on the kinda emo tour pt 2??
Thank you for coming home
. Where the is
Have everyone I could ever want in my life right now and so happy
Jung Hoseok
Valentine
This year you're mine kukikotik!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Good night
I miss you to chonch
Thank you so much baby!! See you again, soonest!!! I love you too, so muchhh!! GOD BLESS
happy bday to my best friend thank you for everything I love you
we also support you from Italy even if we can not vote
I love you,my sweet
Oh my heart!
Happy Birthday to the best dada on the planet and my number one guy. We love you so much
I found our first
Uhm hello . Love youuuuuuu
lovely.....
Receive all the blessings, we must definitely go together in the future, I love you my wicks
Again, Happy birthday babes Just read your thread, you are such a cute Kim stan
We are in super form guys. Come on boys
found a nice house in santa monica
I can't express how amazing you're & your comforting words i love you hasosa Galbi I love you toooo
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MYSELF
Congratulations kailoni_hayes and Robert! I'm so glad I got to be a part of your special day
Uwu Donghyuk
Ok I want one of these and you are beautiful
London diaries 2017 looking forward to this year trip
to our ONE AND ONLY LEADER, HAPPY BIRTHDAY WE ADORE YOU
God I know you heard my prayer. Just me and her both have to be patient.
Good night all sweet Friends
Sweet dreams
See you later
Thank you Your job is getting more and more difficult, but we appreciate you for doing it.
so peaceful
there are a lot of us~
Only talent!!! Cause people actually
We're so lucky aren't we.
Oh hell nah!!!!!!
I screamed so hard when I saw
My ot9 is now at peace but raging as hell for a 32
White choclote reeses OMG I wanna win my daughter 3rd birthday Friday the best
soundtracket
Always Remember Us This Way via
Min Yoongi
Will you give me some if I'm good and sit properly legs crossed? What if I look at you longingly and wink? our
ART
psychologist, part relationship ACCURATE. Love you TJ
and here we go
I love you RM
Happy Birthday Kim Hanbin
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE BEST LEADER EVER
Happy birthday ma lovely!!!
we love you Kim Hanbin
a todas ellas
Beautiful picture Happy Sunday
Awwwwwwe! Thank you Honey!
With them
U are amazing and now I am going to cry because I am so proud of u and u just deserve happiness
Love u with my
Thousands Army Deep State March To America with their State
Sub
Follow RT
Had a fun birthday . Personne fait faire un mauve sang my people came through . Thankful
My and I on a rare lunch date alone
So sorry for your loss
My Everything
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to Producer of the Year
Sending you all of the good energy I have
Chefe
make it, worry. congrats on the amazing contests on your team, the best mentor
Love you Can't wait for
Kim Seokjin
Last night was lovely with the FAM
The man of my dreams, literally
I've dreamt of him, we had lunch together
Please WATCH and VOTE for our Film. Thank you
HAPPY BIRTHDAY URI LEADER
YOU'VE WORKED HARD ILY
Me quiero casar con Bang Chan.
Nothing better than great food, fun, friends, family and football!!!
COME TO BRAZIL IN 2019? I LOVE YOU SO MUCH LOUIS
Happy birthday Kim Hanbin
Ainda sobre ontem no
I love you just as much
Happy birthday to the sweetest sis ever Love u more than u can imagine
Incredible! Another show I can only regret that could not see.... Ady, you are wonderful, so impressive
yo I remember when you opened up for Timeflies, and now making it big
All i do is work and come home and take care of my baby . This is real life
Someone turns 22 on 22 October. Happy Birthday
Yeah do that . Keep us updated tho
You don't have to know someone personally to wish them good or to feel happy for their blessings.
vamos comemorar
TE AMO BB
Ah ouais !!
AYOK TEMAN TEMIN YANG NUNGGU DEBUT YGNBG DIFOLLOW BASE TERMANSYUR
all in for bts merch
Iloveyousomuch baby Goodnight
RM
always take care and please don't be sick!!! thank you for inspiring lots of people (including me) we love youuu!!
GANDA NG TEAM BINYAG.
Our precious leader
[IG] 181022 _dong_ii (#Donghyuk to "Our lovely Hanbinnie hyung happy birthday Sincerely and truly,
Classic
time to give back!! I love you too, rox!
~TRAD~
181021 Twitter
[WOOJOO]
U saben que siempre les quiero? Respondedme
Love you more than I can say
lamats kuyss
Big ass blueberry/white chocolate scone and tea
!!
Happy birthday BI.
Lay
Que hermoso
hit for dm!!!
Best wishes to the happy couple
Muir Woods Beach Sunset last night .... &
so proud of you
I don't know if I love you or fall more, so thank you for not making me choose and letting me have you both.
happy birthday to kim hanbin truly one and only
people need a strong support system
Thank you for always being there when i needed you the most
My two favs girls golden and gabby
Brandon's a really good photographer
girl love all the way
I woke up to my baby laying by my belly and both dogs By my belly I love my family! But damn a bitch was smashed against the wall.
quase infartei
romanceboys: (180923) bumkeyk my day!!! love my lil freaks
Love you!!!! Happy Birthday, Tita Cati!
Pho was released 2 years ago Today ! Love this project
Simple happiness, Beautiful companies
RT AdultBrazil: RT TulioPromoter:
lolla_vegas
Look at her
happy birthday to one of the most inspirational people in my life, i love u and im so thankful that u exist
I'll consider this as my best day, thanks to you
You were great, always. Keep doing what you love. Hope you're having a blessed day 'cause you deserved that.
Mi bicho
Girls like guys who dont do drugs
Awwe!! Thank you boo I miss your ass so much
so proud of you and the boys, you are an amazing mentor
2018 is such a lucky year for iKON, thanks to you.
ramokiki
the day we met
Anytime! Just love and miss ya guys!
Yo ayer con Ale
Thank you much love from me
[_dong_ii ig update]
birthday to our loved hanbin hyung always wholeheartedly thank
Continue to be a great leader and artist u are!
Happy Birthday have a good day love && miss ya
Win this super cute top by catidogaruatelier (your size) . All you have to do is : follow me &
and we're all proud of you you're doing an amazing job
Ly
this Cuban-American
My Babies. Thank you
Happy birthday
Garu
Behalf of Fans
Baby
181021
Look focus
:
Family
I really been this absolute happy in a long time, It feels so good
thanks bro
I love you. And gonna love you everyday. Happy birthday, leader Kim!
really I need that
Never won a give away but imma never give up and again try hahaha
Thank you for this
Happy Birthday Leader-nim i hope that you will enjoy your day with the 6 dorks iKONICS are here always to
we are proud of how u are being an incredible mentor with their advice that makes them safe. you're incredible ok.
Thank you
This is amazing
Hola hermosa
And also thank u for this 3-comebacks-in-a-year thing! I'm so happy because I get to see u guys in lot of shows
[VID] EXO Concept Short Film
Streaming + Like + Share!!
He is the one, who never get tired of making me feel so special. Iloveyouu baby.
As always Dami, too much
Thank you for making great songs from your sleepless night leader-nim
Aw how can you not adore & love this man?
Happy day to you too, darling! I love you, thank you for your company and love, you are the best, sister.
Forever and always
thanks, Michael.
you xx
Miss u!
What is you plan after being bolcked?
Wish you all the best.
Keep tweeting and spreading your kindness and love xx
Thanks! Breshop forever
so mad about comment though and your silent Mic but proud of you Lou
Good luck
Janice
Happy ,
my heart is happy
Family is everything
happy birthday to my bias wrecker thank you for being one of my inspiration
Valentine
This year you're mine ikova23!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Ain
Happy happy birthday hanbinie
My baby Apollo at the lake
[IG] 181021 Donghyuk posted a photo of B.I
beloved Hanbinie-hyung, happy birthday Sincerely, thank
I love my teddy graham so much I wait for the day when happy together.
Thank you for being born
some different
Canal de l'Ourcq
Bro
Was good seeing you my man!!!
Thank you!
If you get more requests than you can accommodate, be happy to help!
Gorgeous comment
You are a warrior! Sending
The love I have for my boyfriend is beyond words
I will always thank God for giving me such wonderful parents.
151022
You were fab Jamie Sunday brunch brilliant as ever!!
Toma toma
Olive Juice
RT 1_F_I_R_S_T "_
Retweet & Like this
Follow all retweets & likes
Follow back INSTANTLY
Show Love
forever Mou
i love you nini
HBD to the scariest leader yet soft and warmhearted person in Kpop Industry!! Kim Han Bin!
Boys smashed it !
"There is only 1D
and the winner is in boys category"
Cut miut
Man....that was one of the greatest nights ever last night. Thank you NYC
Let's do it!
OMYGHAD! WE HAVE OT9 COMEBACK!!!!!!! I MISS YOU LAY!
So can't wait. All the songs sound awesome
Lazy Sundays = Montreal, Quebec
Great job! seeing my former all s hard at work!
Dong: Happy birthday to our beloved Hanbin hyung Always thank you and sincerely HBD leader
Happy birthday to the bestest leader kim hanbin
Thanks, Richard!
I go and speak with confidence that you are my pride
This is it! It's happening is finally coming back
Maykkn basss , had lah ychafik Mahaa
Congratulations to both of you
God is able to do just what he said he would do. gonna fulfill every promise to you
New blog live, check it out & share links in my bio
I cannot wait to see Sean Paul later today
Happy birthday, shortie
thank you omg! I love it
Thank you
movie night w/ hubby.
Te amo
Good evening my dear thank you have a happy week
I know and I love you
So beautiful
Tmb
I hope you're having a lovely day too!
he's in the heart
YAALLAHHHHH
Wow what an act of
Thankyou Lord
How it should be
The Moose hitting the sand dunes with the kids today
E ESSE CABELINHO MEU DEUS
Thanks gorgeous
My love.
Forever together.
I'm so sorry, Julia. My heart is with you. I wish I could do more.
The beautiful birthday message to Kim.
So many of my smiles begin with you
10.21.18 Norwalk, Iowa
Birthday Wish Banner
Thank you to everyone who came to Sofia birthday party. She was the happiest girl in the world. celebrating a birthday
My mother had breast cancer; I Reccomeneded an alkaline diet to help cleanse her cells!! Look into it
COME TO BRAZIL IN 2019? I LOVE YOU SO MUCH LOUIS
Lala
Our oppa is a cupcake
Je.
Vous.
Aime.
Merci.
Fuck with local babes at
anal fuck giant dildo interracial wife lesbian
41 (Favorite Song)
Kpop : Lightless (Unplugged Ver) by B2ST
Non-Kpop : Ride Home by Ben & Ben
How I Met You Mother
Tonight new episode of and the best thing ever is we get to see as Doctor Nicky
Feliz
I wish I was there ! You deserve everything you get baby boy you are a true legend
Ma queen
so cuteee
Hey guys! I have an insta!!!! Scan this and follow me.
happy birthday to one of my best frannns, love ya hot momma
I SAID I ONLY KIN NOT MAKE FUN OF IT
WE GOT 100RT!!! PICKING NEXT WINNER RIGHT NOW! MAKE SURE YOU FOLLOWING ME AND TURNED NOTIFICATIONS ON!!
Sunday vibes
Feliz cumple pa
Every woman is a masterpiece before the Lord.
Happy Birthday baby!!
I try my best to be there for everybody .. I just wanna see everybody make it
What ones is Courtney talking about???.
Watch this video and have make you cry! Such a good man
girl I miss youuuu where is my girl?
If a task is once begun, never leave it until done, be the labor great or small, do it well or not at all.
so I was up to date on just didn't see episode 6! I'll be watching today! Looking forward to the new ones
So cute
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO OUR BEST LEADER!
so cute I hope you will be able to celebrate Day with your mom next year
gracias amor
MY BABY IS SO CUTEEEE
Yixing at Yo! Bang Broadcast
JenChuLiChaeng
Happy birthday hanbin.
Happy Brithday Hanbin
Today is my birthday
God I love your mum she gets it
And we are blessed to have you directing as well. I hope it's you directing their next episode
Happy Birthday to one and only leader, Kim Hanbin
the best leader that ever know
Smoking Too Much in a Jazz Bar [Free DL]
Something nothing like my usual work.
yesterday night. What an event! Thank you October 26
Man sorry
Such a fulfilling day! Thank you so much Belle De Jour!
Happy birthday baby boy I've always been so proud of you, i love you so so much
Xuxus
Happy birthday baby girl
Change your mindset change your life
H e a l t h
L o v e
H a p p i n e s s
W e a l t h
Start
Awww this is so sweet! Thank you my darg!
Stricklander reading to children
think I could love Russ anymore but I was proved wrong last night
With so many toppings + dressings, you can make a CYO combination that fits into any lifestyle. We this
it's okay, ate ko you've done far enough for me and I really appreciate you love you
Wishing I was lost somewhere with you
Thanks! All heard on back in the day.
"the heart gets what it wants" - Nick, 'First Love'
been forever but I wanna wish you a happy birthday and I love and miss you so much Em
Mesherep
PanPan
Salamat sa gift Py
I love you
vou ouvir
Mi guapo
what? rest in peace
Quede en shock
- whatever you need got it
happy B.Irthday hanbin!!! i wuv u bibi i wish u da best B.I wuv uuu
Merci beaucoup
Enjoy the day!
Happy Birthday Bby
Que tengas un excelente domingo
hoco 2k18 was a success
Love you
Wow, dedication! Hope you enjoyed each of your visits to the Alhambra. a very special place
is already trending in the Philippines at
Je Bichon
Time out !
Family
Teaser Updated Views Crossed 19 Million Views
Realtime Views Crossed 20 Million Views In 48 Hours Itself.
Dear crush, stop dming me links, let's start a real conversation
Happy Birthday Hanbin !!
To one of the most talented people in the world, happy birthday!
Thank you
One day someone will hug you so tightly that all your broken peices will eventually stick tightly back together
Eu e
Thanks sm perfect ily sm
happy birthday to u my bias wrecker!
Happy Birthday Leader-nim please continue to create more beautiful songs. I love you!!
Lebron still got that love for Paul , he grabbed him and not his teammate
good because bats are a protected species!
all proud of your work, not only as a judge but as a person
Luckily we spend much of that time crammed in a large pink bathtub
it was nice meeting you
Thando
Thanks!
Happy birthday HanBin... Always be happy & be healthy... Susces for iKON... Sarangeo
Between my partner and I, it's "take your meds".
Always!!!
I'm proud of u baby love you so much!
Real_Liam_Payne zaynmalik Louis_Tomlinson Harry_Styles NiallOfficial I LOVE YOU GUYS NO MATTER WHAT HAPPEN
My moo partying for Uncle 60th Edgewater, Maryland
Had a lovely meal there Friday
Love have to be a person. It can be a passion
SEOKJIN
I love you handsome, thanks for you hard work during the tour. Rest well when you get back
Lucky to be a cule so i can watch every part of this movie for free
My heart
Lol cute little Noah will
Today I had a venti iced coffee, breakfast sandwich, and a chocolate chip cookie from Starbucks. I love
Happy Birthday, love
I swear you were singing to me all night I love you best night of my life the love was so real
It's a blessing that iKON is always there for Hanbin, especially on his birthday we love a group that is so
the best
happy birthday to one of the best lyricist and leader in kpop i'm so incredibly proud to see you & ikon do so
happy birthday my love
Enjoy the sesh hahaha
Farmer ted Love this photo
already lovin' the concepts
Naaah a different one , thank you
Always grateful for whatever I have
As minhas nenes
I love you too!!! RT i love me
Happy 18th Belaaaat! God bless you bawi ako huhuhuhu. see you soon
Pic of baby edwards in his cradle
i miss this a lot!!!
Happy Birthday my baby
Happy birthday to the best leader ever, Kim Hanbin
Thank you for working so hard.
I wish you all the best, good
hope to see u all again
Good Luck tonight for your Boys
yasses if my gogo
saw me today
angathi
" kodwa jehova imncondo ngan'yam
kaze ufuze bani "
Sending love way, happy Sunday!
Guise, san ba may halloween/ trick or treat around dasma? Just in case, inform me the date and time na din. Thanks
AAAA MELHOR
ITS THE FIRST DAY OF BIG/LITTLE WEEK LITTLE. I CANT WAITT
My whole tl is everyone leaving sweet replies to Louis. what he deserves
Sending positive thoughts, hope things turn out ok
this is so sad & scary. praying for them
Coffee is life.
ty my love
Baba
F-c/ love I will be drunk antie Richmond, California
Hanbin Happy BirthDay
Kohli scored his century and left par my captain is still there with the same intensity fighting for the team
Happiest birthday caranzoooo!!!!!! Way alakk dhaa hehe more wt u girl. Have a blast!
Iont Do Sh*t but Show Love and Sh*t In Return Cool On It Though
OMo.. ita my first time listening to SoundCloud and it is really amazing
And only because of#CHANYEOL music are
[GIVEAWAY] The winner will be announced in less than 1 hour
happiest birthday to the best leader we are forever grateful to you worked so hard,
Dong dong's ig story!!!! Happiest birthday to our one and only Hanbin!
My boys would love this Halloween bundle! Join in
Yo tambien te amo tio
Act know where be today without my best friend
hbd B.I
my happiness is
all because of u
Want Gong Cha
Woke up to 3k Subscribers this morning! My is so HAPPY right now!
Os amo
still waiting on the day when I log in and scream my lungs out seeing you on my followers list please follow me, i love you
Good memories of the year!
Hanging off the side of the bed doing leg lifts
so glad for the friends who can pick me up when i even know it was possible
RT iKON_INSTAGRAM: [_dong_ii posted a picture] happy birthday to our beloved hanbin hyung I'm always sincerely
MY PRINCES
so sorry. with you, and glad here
8 years later, still so amazed.
Happy birthday to our genius producer Kim Hanbin!! hello october babies
Wishing everyone from the family good afternoon from the river bank
It has been a busy day, time
!!
Have a good day everyone
20- i really want to visit and live in the uk
RT spicykimchi__: Happy Birthday our leader
Corpus Christi Corpus Christi, Texas
Happy birthday to my precious boy
Hope u will always be happy and smile like that. This smile is the one that
you give us so much, i hope someday i can at least give you back half of the happiness and love you give me i love you, kim hanbin.
We love you our Yanni Syria is waiting for you
Aww shoot we missed them. We sure think they are
11:11 exo, grades, happiness, bs
Di pwedeng gwapo lang!!!!!
LOVE U
Happy birthday uri greatest leader Hanbinnie
1573 with u
gente
20th ODI for "Hitman"
One of the best opener of Indian Cricket Team history
36th ODI for King
Thank you so much - I really am
thank you soooo much abigail I love you
you to the back
Super glad that was still at stage door last night after I peed. She was the sweetest
That's awesome
My first original!!!!
What I love to see on my tl
7 days left El Clasico
Solidere - DownTown
so happy that enjoying it! We love you, forget about that!!! We are proud of you
11 : 11 and God
we missed you and your shows here in Egypt
If you and it says "hi" I'll ignore it I want nothing else except asking how much or any questions
I am not what u think i am i am something more
one of the masterpiece by nolan
You never know dear , how much I love you
The most beautiful soccer Mom ever seen!
Mom's voice is like magical
It's true Louis!! You are amazing and we're all so proud of you
King queen
Mi amigo fiel
Aww beautiful
From Boyfriend & Girlfriend
To Mommy & Daddy
Now Husband & Wife
so cute!
Happy Birthday mbtc God bless thank youuu
Stay By My Side full ver is sooooo good omg. Its so satisfying to see the making of it too
gifts from thank you! Best ever ya all
11:11 family
Suga... He is so cute
Yesss. Final album na. They made 3 comebacks this year.
I absolutely adore you
We wait to watch and support you.
thank you!!
Happy Birthday B.I
Thank you :)
Buzzinnggg!! 9-0 to well played ladies brilliant teamwork, we deserved the win
11:11 him sana gumaling na bebekwaaa and more happiness and blessings to comeee
..
171022
Look at you adorable thing
all thankful for you, Kimberly!
Happy them, happy us.. Aur kya chahiye !! Bless my babies with all the happiness in the world
Your happinesses is my happiness to our beloved leader. Happy birthday baby
Super cute!
Happiest birthday our great selfless leader
I wish you an endless healthy and happy life ^^
Eu amo boa sorte charlie
desse dia que merece replay!
But one day be sleeping next to each other every single night
3:30am pasok ko later pero gising na gising pa ako....syet!!!
Cuidate mucho
Safely arrived
You're welcome love
Valentine
This year you're mine hamdah726!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Good morning
Guys with these mindset are everything
Mum I love you but please stay in your husband house and rule there.
Happy birthday, and i love you
happy birthday to my source of happiness,
hope u really exist, rozeeeen
gonna be a good day because I woke up to FaceTiming me and lemme tell ya that girl is a GEM
Guys my baby Lay is in this comeback finally . Yass finally OT9 I miss it
Happy birthday to the best leader
Ah we're here to help them understand bae don't cry
Gkrkdj te amooo Voy a comprarla antes de que se acaben
is my drinking partner for life.
why am i so in love with u?
Absolutely stunning pic of 2 beautiful people
My dad lives in New Canaan! visiting through Tuesday. We used to live in Rowayton
Much
feliz de tenerte
11:11 happiness and success in college
Words describe my thanks
The aphid on the
Cannabis plant told his bud,
I Canada.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to OUR BIG BOSS KIM HAN BIN Lets walk together forever
My heart
Ifb Thank you
is now live
You one of my fav hoes on here you beautiful
Right back at chya
Happy Birthday~
HQ's soon! Too cute!
k po bbq HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Wish I could have been there!
Thando
Congratulations girl!!!
Fatooou
Thank you.
Hahahhahaha at my grandmas house!! Rest In Peace abuelita
Minha vida
Happy birthday world's one and only, Kim Hanbin
I hope you'll always healthy and happy, thank you for always
RT I have a BIG HEART but once you fuck over me I turn to a SAVAGE
wait forever
Venom juste pour voir Tom Hardy
BTS come to CHILE please!!!! CHILE CHILE CHILE CHILE CHILE CHILE CHILE CHILE CHILE CHILE CHILE CHILE
The image says it all.
Goodnight Ford.
AMOOOO PRA KRLH, A MAIS LOUCA QUE TOPA TODOS OS CMG
Last night was fun
Wonder woman
Demain
Here is the "#Prabhas Birthday Celebrations Common DP'S
Congratulations You guys deserve it! I love you
Love the love you provide it gives great peace of mind ....
hbd
happy birthday baeee
Can you see yourself as a conduit for forgiveness and an example of love?
You are doing so well!!
Guess the USWNT didnt win the world cup in 1999 then. Sorry mia
i love this very mature
Congrats SSA!!!! This is only the start of the acad contest journey. Enjoy the process sulitin nyo yan ok
Chama na DM
Happy ka naman? Yung totoo Hindi eh. Joke! HAHAHAHAHA huy oo aba. There's so many reasons to be happy naks!
Happy birthday to this wonderful leader of iKON. Only 1 word : PROUD
Loving this girl and her album stop playing it
Jorja Smith - Teenage Fantasy (Official
Happy Birthday! See you soon!!
Awan makaartap kina supportive daguitoy bacarra people ys the best
Happy birthday Thank you for inspiring & making me happy. You've worked hard all this time. I'm so
THIS CUTIE SMILE
Not only ODI is best cricketer in the world Chase Master
Keep Going Champ
That fuckin poster though
With the Mr. and Mrs. It was wonderful to celebrate with Carolina and Oscar such a special night!!! Love you
Fav/RT would be so awesome guys
Happy one year to this girl . Thanks for dealing with my grib ass
Thank you
HAPPY 23RD BIRTHDAY TO THIS CUTIE WHO GREW UP TO BE SUCH A BEAUTIFUL & TALENTED MAN! no words could describe
So sweet
(Repost from surfiknitsta)
you fucking killed it last night ! thank u
simple "I can't believe" saved K-Pop tbh. so here's a loop of it.
Hola
wow how did I miss this
Melhor de todas! by
.boss cute
That bassline is sexyyyyyyy af
Sabahan ARMYs , Readyyy To Book The Cinema ?
Happy happy birthday to one of the best people in the world. You are an inspiration. Thank you for always
i wish u all kinds of happiness ur heart aims for bcus what u deserve happy bday kim
is trending Here in Philippines
Happy Birthday My Leader iloveyou
Thank you that being there for me all the time. I love you
You were amazing as always your level of knowledge and charisma are so enjoyable to watch.
Happy birthday to our greatest leaders
Wishing you a day filled with happinessand a year filled with
1996/10/22: Kim Hanbin
B.I
I am so grateful for
FUN
FRIENDS
&
FREEDOM
GO!!
Okay im crying!!!!! They stayed up so late just to greet him uriii Leaderrrr Happy happy
I was born in 13th of May as well! When I saw that in your video, my eye literally lit up
Thalaivaa Ku whistle podu
bhai just loving the way u r playing the game
I wasn't even aware of the show in my childhood but I am in love
Ah dude. Such a pleasure makes me happy to be able to spread love with something I made, and even
Valentine
This year you're mine mudesst!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
moments
my booster, happy 6th!
OMG CUTIE!!!!!!!! My heart
Happy Sunday everyone my week off work starts now and I am so excited
ur in a billion bro and that's y i love ya lol
My bby mallow
Falling to sleep otp is everything!
Sexy
mesmo
from another sold out gig with
Run Baekhyun run !!! Run into my heart ~~
Have a blessed day everyone
OMG thank you for sharing your story
I want this love to last forever
you are welcome
Sakura always emphasizes that everyone's existence is important and
Sallallahu aleyhi waasalam
The dudes abide.
nath.crds
Have good good night! Jesus loves you so much!
My boy
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JOSH! Your angels always watching over you love!!
MOM AND DAD.
Me sigam no instagram armys.
Obrigadinha
congrats king, wish you the happiest birthday I want a piece of your cake, cause your taste is from other world
Tulog na tayo. Hehe, have a good night!
Aww the boys celebrating birthday
amanecimos
Kings are back
I contain my excitement for this.
you're truly the best mentor i've ever seen
Senior hoco
Saya na hindi maitago
a real nigga never make you look bad right or wrong
YASSS It's time for a great show Mariam
I finally watched it and it was so damn beautiful.
Spent the day with these two in Malvern Malvern, Worcestershire
A DEUXXX VC FOI NO LOUVRE TENHI CERTEZA QUE VC ACHOU O LUGAR MAIS TOPE DO MUNDO
11:11
late night strolling
sleep well, Carats! come visit us tomorrow
happy birthday!!!
I am sooooo PROUD to be part of
11:11 wish
OMG. What a precious girl I have here.!
I hope so to meet all of my
HAPPY BDAY MY BABE ILYSM!!! enjoy your day
Valentine
This year you're mine yamaguria!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
GAVA Sadza with soul
my love
happy birthday !! love you girl live it up!!
thank you everyone for tuning in to my stream earlier, you guys made my day, for the follows and raid, gift subs from
Alwaysssss
YYYESS THE BEST GIFT EVER
Bash shwraynawa love rain
Ham toh tyaar hain maidaan-e-trending on twitter mein
It malia que Dog mais fofo
Good morning off to go play pirate today w friends & my witchy woman
Omg Yass ot9
Keep on inspiring people!
Terimakasih.
When he stood up
you hate anyone because you learned that you hate people from your mom
My friend business 10Kd for the piece Vs 26Kd in the Boutiqaat if u want direct me
Ram chahe leela chahe ram in donu k love mei dunia ka kya kam. Perfectly suit these two
Dona de todo meu amor
/ |
/ /
/
/_/
You're stuck in my head, stuck in my heart, stuck in my body, body
Happy birthday little bro
Thanks to be a leader like that.
Thank you for your words, your strength and all you
right.
VA:
FL:
SD:
RI:
Bestest buddies! A shame he isn't a woman, he'd have 20 hearts~
At the end everything will be worth it
When this song is over
the clock will start ticking
until the next time
I love honest persons like you
Chorei
Thanks everyone
thanks bbg
CAVS!! this week is spirit week
Monday: cavs colours + hockey vs football pep rally
Tuesday: harvest
You too bby
celeb
stay strong lit asf
Thank Sophie
HAHAHAHAHAH to com sdds
Hahah you right on the plus side killin it so far
EXO FIGHTING
okay, honey bunch.
anyway done hey a new day have a beautiful sunday
I empathize with
The one that i trust, sometimes, more than myself. I wish only good things waiting for you in the future
Mudar sempre bom
You know what's in my heart & mind ... In Sha Allah good result
Happy birthday my babyyy hope you only walk on the flower path mi luv yu so muxh
This is art this is beauty this is everything
Une puissante !
wait
Ikon, fighting! Hanbin Fighting!
Thanks buddy
Thank you so much baby
Bad Terms Mean LEAVE It's Only Testing Your Loyalty
HAPPY BRITHDAY hanbin
To the best leader
FINALLT ... OT9
Happy bday you slag love you long time
(oui je force) NOUS NOUS NOUS LES GARS SON ANNIV SVP
150 for
U and kane are soo cute togheter i love ur and you r soo fricking cute in cat
Beleza via Instagram Stories
Welcome back home to UK soil my Brother London, United Kingdom
Happiest Birthday to our dearest Hanbin
I love you.
[GIVEAWAY]
RT
RT this
Prize:
3 Winners will get 1 Nuest W PVC
Recharging Doral Vineyard Church
If anyone has a home for my babies please adopt them
Feliz mami
One year of golf today
Lol, love will find you soon shugs
SIMMMMMM
naraid66
wtumndelsgtb
been pretty good, you been Tristan?
Happy Sunday
BTS
.
.
.
swipe swipe swipe
We miss you alot prince Zhang
Thank you so much !!!
thnq anna
wihihihihi ~
Sunday was full of games with friends also watched a movie with a friend for her birthday it's 2 am on Monday now for me
I have a question, have any of you ladies got the perfume Organza by Givenchy?
TU.Y YO LINDO DIA ..HOY PLAYITA .AMO ..DESPUES DE UNA SEMANITA DE PEGA
They look so cute together, mahn in a series, even a short
HAPPY BIRTHDAY B.I
Oki! Be prepared of pics from me and Jayden
Best idol ever love you
I love u
love you babies you did amazing
Seriously wait for this Lay is in it and the song sounds so hype
I can't put in words how fair and concentrate and kind and sweet you were last night
we proud of you
YW Glad you're feeling better minus the ankle xoxo
Powerful. Thank you Rhonda!
When your faves are in the city but you gotta study Have the blackest time
happy 23rd bornday uri hanbin
thank you for ur constant hard work.
you deserve nothing but the best.
BY MY Music Video via
Coucou
Happy birthday my love!!
uri leader-nim u worked hard Happy Birthdayyyy
It was okay!! Just a little rough. Hbu?
Tomorrow, 15:00 Leg Day & Spin class
Yes!!! Happy Birthday,
off shot
God bless Karo
Keep it going! At 9am today on plays me, my (and some of your
Vulnerability allows you to connect with someone on a super deep level.
sssoooooo cuuuttteeeeeeee
Happy birthday to our greatest leaders
Wishing you a day filled with happinessand a year filled with
Thank you so much!!! She really is one of a kind and such an amazing asset to this field!
Happy birthday Hanbinnie!! You are loved, love and will always love by your babies (us) and your brothers.
I will always have a thing for grandmas
This girl.
bia me mandou as fotos dela c o luan mt bonitinhos afff
DOMINGO
con la hermosa Dany
by
Miss ya! Book a pvt if ya miss me too
My heart burst when Monty came back. So happy for and the whole family.
Thank you for this magic moment Saturday night!
Can't wait to see you next year
i know chocho lablab stay
Proud! Go on lad!
My heart ugh love this and youuu
eu e as melhores
thank you, because i need so much help rn
i definitely will!! seen it at barnes and noble and i definitely wanna pick it up
Thank you for the game!! For the past two days i felt like you open the way for me to get closer
Enjoying there
Giveaway ? actives
Thanks hun
Happy birthday mas ku sayang ku You're truely one of the best leaders in Kpop. Please always be
HAPPY BIRTHDAY LEADERNIM THANK U FOR TAKING CARE OF THE BOYS, WE ALWAYS LOVE U HANBINIEEE
-De Ontem
Thank you so much to my loyal customer HAHAHA shet pbb na tayo ulit!! HAHA i luv u too
Always stay healthy lah yaa. Thanks for coming to ma lyfe
Happy Birthday my namja chingu
He was so nice and sweet. How he never changed throughout these years is amazing.
Bossing my Aunty duties
ShhhhhHHHHHH
Thank you for the chance to win your amazing hamper.
is one of the most genuine people I have ever met!
Valentine
This year you're mine meloinov!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
thank u for setting a perfect example of how women can achieve all the desires of their hearts
happy birthday to the loml
Mass Bro
Syria
I don't know what'll happen to me if she's not around aaa sayangnyaaaaa
Nothing beats braiding my mother's hair
Te amo
for a tbh + rate
BAT MO LAB SI YUNHYEONG??:)) because he's an angel who's talented, a good cook, and is pure-hearted
Happy Birthday Hanbin-ah Saranghae
Yup!
I CAN'T BELIEVE.... COMEBACK IS REAL OT9
Baby we're so fucking thrilled to have you here
Good morning y'all. It's Sunday! Be thankful that god gave you guys another day to see
Thanks Karen. My home state.
Elect the fuck out of her
We are stronger together
Happy New Week Everyone!
Salmo 138-8 Gracias Dios
Iba ibang relihiyon , at kultura. Ano man kayo please hit the Retweet botton to support Miss Gumabao who
My favourite thing is to go through the DSPCA's Insta and see all the puppers that I looked after getting their forever homes
at my sister Cheer Competition Eastside Falcons
happy birthday beautiful hope you see many more and enjoy your day
13/1 BETWAY BOOST LANDED!
11/1 WIN ACCA LANDED!
7/1 NAP & NB DOUBLE LANDED
Verdana Blue BOLTS UP,
:3
8 Ball Pool Reward Link || 21 October 2018
Free Spin + Scratcher + Coins Link . . .
Collect Now
Me with the gorgeous
FINALLY!! MY OT9
ily ily ily see u again soonest
I love 'em.
happy birthday to one of the most precious, handsome, multitalented, humble, loyal, AMAZING AND
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO OUR KING LEADER AND PRODUCER
Stay healthy and be happy baby
You know that
So... does ... Lucy play the violin in your new adventure?
Oh
Thank you so so much.
a pleasure to you.
I hope we can get along well.
i love everything you do and you do it all with love and determination
Anything for you Iloveyousomuch! Happy Anniversaryy!
thank you God, i felt your presence
Muito sensato ele
Welcome back bb. We miss seeing you guys together
Warms my heart to see all of the personal fan stories coming out of wait to meet some of
Yessss I can't wait until 2 Nov i'm happy because EXO comeback
Big week for our star New York, New York
I'm good thankyou I'm excited for the teen awards aswell can't wait. X
OMG LAY!!!
I have never seen this photo of him before! awesome!
See you tom.! Gong Cha
sorry to hear this Even though I know you please know army is here for you to support you!
A fun chill Saturday night with the beautiful people I work with at the outpatient department! my
AAAAAAAA socorro,sdds live
Thanks Dad
Love ya bud
Exact oui
Happy birthday to my bias wrecker uwwuuu's to come hanbin'ah HAHAHAHAHA
11:11
Man I can imagine my baby & baby
Pouvez vous me debanir alors svp ? Discord FxG_ARAX please
They're only my dream pet!
Thank you see you next year
Spending my Sunday online getting drunk! Sessions start at $15 on my site(other $$ forms accepted) Add my
Ahora feliz con tu twit
from idol school till produce48 supported you and really proud of you you know that always
The Zagreb Funicular is the oldest means of public transportation in
Julien Duval
is my absolute favourite! Could you please follow me
Dog Lover
Happy birthday to my man Thank you for your making me happy. iKonics always got your back!!
Glad to hear that :3 and if you want when you have a problem feel free to DM me ^~^
WORDS CAN EXPLAIN HOW HAPPY I AM THAT OT9 IS REALLY COMING BACK SOON!
Thank you for the shout out!
I
AYE!! Glad you were out there. Thanks, friend!
Market Cap: $211,645,500,585
BTC Dominance: 53.62%
BTC: $6545.52678393
ETH: 0.03175041 BTC
XRP:
Superb awesome dance all the best guru
How did you come up with the idea for the song Empty Space?
Sherep jake cuenca!
what is your fav song you have written love you
Amazing job Grav!!! What a giving heart you have
If u treat ur man, great, i will
for the tweet snoogums
Goodnight sweetdreams
I love you so much you tommorow
Green chilli sir great photos.very bright sadde bright as usual
He wanted her more than anything else in his life.
Read a Steamy Excerpt
Im so inlove with your voice
I am searching for Nu'est mutual. Kindly follow me, i will follow you back.
thank you nae i love you way more
Oof. Gorgeous as always
rt forever
My fav picture ever. I love my grandad so much
Congratulations
iKON and iKONICs are always grateful to have you as the leader thankyou for being my source of happiness
I love you cash
happy birthday loml no amount of words can express how much i love u u are the best
Kidding ehe I love you so much, thank you.
already sold yay
and we adore u
Ey ndithi Lalela!!!! Le1st frame my boy
181020
Picture purrfect!
Sending love and sunshine from this little cutie, Lily
on Instagram
MY HANDSOME LIOM PAYNE
11:11 reply my tweet
Happy birthday to the sweetest and my and our sugary man, have an awesome day ahead, stay slaying stay blessed i love you and i mean it.
..
my heart is heavy today 10.20.18
and it is
Tbm te amo hahahah
VERDANA BLUE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5/6 NAP LANDED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
WON SO EASILY
HIT IF YOU GOT ON
One year of annoying the absolute shit out of you, happy one year baby
see you very very soon
Watch broadcast: Good Morning from Faith City Church
I have learned not to worry about love. But to honor its coming with all my heart
Damn insane Sniping Clip....... Just like
we are here for you always
After 100 years. Thank you for tonight sissy
Today is BI's birthday!
iKONICs, let's all celebrate his special day using
Need to find this next week
One of the highlights of my 2018.
Happy Birthday hanbin please make a lot of good song and stay healthy!! You.
Fun!
Another Match, another century King Of Cricket for a reason
Keep Going
Valentine
This year you're mine nightmare12364!
And you, whom will be yours?
Yes you are...awesome pic
Real_Liam_Payne zaynmalik Louis_Tomlinson Harry_Styles NiallOfficial I LOVE YOU NO MATTER WHAT HAPPEN
Thank you, ate Mariel!
growing too fast..
Welcome to TOP 5 Thando
My kind of dates.
My kind of dates.
Goodnight, Sebongs!
You're welcome
Emerald City Hues are Perfect for Fall 's Kelly Green Boat Neck Button Detailed Knit Sweater
Those conversations before sleep
James Lafferty is on and he finally speaks in the finale. It's so nice to see that face.
Thank you
Halloween Party Shenanigans
Los asadores
Dhivehinge Raees Is Coming
Of course I will you even need to ask! another family wedding, wait xxx
No matter where life takes me, find me with a smile
Pursuit to be happy, only laughing like a child
Kurt Cobain
labyu!
No not only terrorists, white supremacists, (I think I need to continue this list for
Just around
Son dos seres de luz
happy birthday to my one and only kim hanbin!! see u in three weeks. I love you always
Thank you for having my back
Pretty boy
i hope Gelo is fine
be happier w my relationship! I love my boyfriend so fucking much
AUSISIRNROFFOORMEJ I LOVE YOU
Never
Yuri'yaaa Happy Birthday . Wish you all the best
Hope to see you soon. Take care, Oystein!
Ahhh I'm in love!! Mianite was the best and I love these two dearly
To all the teachers feeling the Sunday Scaries. Or who just have anxiety. We got this!
Self Love Sunday.
Love it! Guy thing: farts are measured, analyzed, ranked, discerned, and celebrated by males.
Ily hurt me
OHMYGOD!! LAY IS REALLY THERE!!! MY OT9 IS REALLY HAPPY
sisters
you're the best, you support them so much. I love you
My kind of Dates.
Thank youuuuu twas a pain trying to keep the top parts clean, but i guess it was worth it ;u;
Do you have wifi on your plane? have a safe flight home x keen to catch up on all your videos and
Lord You're my Savior, Mesiah, Reedemer and Friend
152 *
Very well done, my man
The iKONs celebrating Hanbin's birthday keep healthy and be happy
HBDDDDDD BAPAKNYA IKON
Back from torturous girls weekend and actually looking forward to being forced to watch football today. The company is key.
Congrats bibi congrats dpt so proud to call you
Happy birthday to our best leader, May you always be healthy, happy and safe.
My fave.
No melhor lugar
Hermoso
for me the term parents = mother. it. just my mother
I wanna thank everyone for making my birthday a special one, from the wishes to the activities. Ending the
thank you for the account!
that puppy
LAY
blessing always
11:11 follows me
So proud
The third time
Ahhh.... Finally, it's Sunday What's better than a nap on a brand new Nolah AirFoam cooling pressure relief
monday. believe something wonderful is about to happen!
Aww. Love it.
Well, Camila Cabello says it all.
Until I see You face to face, until at last I've won my race, remind me You're not finished yet.
scratch that, to do page duties sighs the things i do for ikon
You may regret love. But regret the wrong not the right
I love you I believe in you, keep fighting mamsh. Be strong
There is a way out
Hard work and dedication
I My Internet Friends God Bless You All So Thankful For You All
Thank you
I was about to tweet the same thing lol she honestly looks like they are just breath taking
oh no frend i mek exception for u you is good you is kind
but all the rest of them are getting buried alive in the desert
Me too! That mustache! Also, excited to see the story.
This movie is so sweet
Ailaviu Sierras
my baby angel saw me and said "carooooooooo" then ran to me ugh my heart melted i love my babies
Hope you enjoyed your time here! It was a sunny day today!
Hope you had time to rest as well
Mince pies are my favourite food but buying gifts for my loved ones is my favourite thing
Happy Birthday my dear
so welcome bry bry
I NYC. (Views courtesy of the Staten Island Ferry.)
Yes maldives. Please
They mean the world to me
Your wish come true
My world in a photo
Wow Sharma genious
Definitely not
Yay let me know
YESSS WE WAIT
Hello mhmud
Viva spring
your fav song you have written bruhh love you
OIII MEU XUU, MT OBG, APRENDI TUDO CNTG, TU NASCEU UM PRINCEZO MT LINDO, SDDS DE TU TE AMO
Had the loveliest few hours back home in Sheffield... Sheffield
okay I'm done annoying you now. Have a lovely day and hope you keep smiling. Your team is here when you need us
favorite little boy
I got you bub
I stopped using straws a while ago
Hi im your enthusiasttt
- via
Watch broadcast: Good Morning from Faith City Church
~ Be a donor. Donate Blood. Donate Life. ~
This morning I went to the clinic for the last donation of the
Thank You!
Thank God I get to wake up next to my baby
They were amazing im not suprised cause you're their mentor love you so much and good luck
Great deal
Que mulher
spot on
I will do my best! thanks so much I definitely need to make this change so that people can
Homecoming 2018
Making Memories on the Northside! Go COLTS!!
When things are hard know be there to walk through it with you
Recycled pallet bird feeder
Perfect Christmas gift for a bird lover! Attach to a fence or tree, comes full of
Loving all the support receiving this weekend!
Shoutout to all the amazing fans here and especially the
so excited to complete the Ant Man and the Wasp line and Infinity War so I can move on to Teen Titans and Sesame Street, aaaa.
see you tomorrow!
---MOVIE BOOTH---
-The Nun
-Ready Player One
see you there! At 6-Bernadette Room!
coming out on my birthday bet
And I have you
Prettiest Queen
Her smile
The most incredible bespoke Senna heart! Please do get in touch if you would like something similar made via
we see you
we support you
we won't let this happen!
Oh my
Love yourself
And to many more Curly Wurly
You know someone like this?
just like haikyuu, i love all fairy tail characters
Vote for this cute tiny brunette
this day was full of stress except of course nung nagkita kami ng mahal ko but the rest puta sakit sa ulo
I'm so in love with reaction videos
Haters gonna hate but that ever stop the nameless stoner grind
Teaser Updated Views Crossed 19 Million Views
Realtime Views Crossed 20 Million Views In 48 Hours Itself.
Counting hours to see show! I'm so excited!
100 followers
Enjoy me cumming
Rohit Sharma Finish off things in style
True fact:: I been on twitter for over 6 years; I downloaded it to follow
i'm thankful for having all these people reach out to me. thank you
ugh ash ily sm, thank you!! looking forward to next weekend
My baby
Ur mom, ur dad, ur love Hanbyul proud of you. Not to mention iKONIC, all of us proud of you syg
!
Thankyou dongi for sharing that moment with us
Why I sponsor This Wendy update warms my heart.
Want to sponsor an animal too? You can starting
Belgium and the Youngblood Hoodie tysm for doing this
Omo this is legit my heart flatter
Philippa is my fav
Of course, really a great person why you are loved by many. Happy birthday leadernim. I love you!
+ =
hi sandyy!!
Seriously ... LOVE YOU
Sis I love you and what do you mean freaking gorgeous
AAAAA GRACIASSSSS
What most proud about is that we are reaching the right people. That is the important thing
AKU NANGIS DONG AKHIRNYAAA GEGE HUHUHU MAKIN G SABAR ADU TERHARU AKUUU, SENENG PISAN EUY
My firstborn is finally 21!!!!!! We love you happy birthday
hey Chika, a lovely thing doing. please, never stop
Its only one person I'll come outside for cause that nigga apart of my heart n I love his ass ghee
Best part of today was seeing back on the pitch!
Awwww My Halloween Black Cat, Oliver
happy birthday kim janin
We did, honey
smile in the photo is the knife that cuts through sadness, you became my
Aww so nice of you. Thank you!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KIM HANBIN (B.I.)
Ikon, fighting! Hanbin Fighting!
Such a beautiful shop
Omg
Our leader
Omg
Obvio anjo
I know right. You turned out alright tho!
I feel really lucky cos been seeing tweets lately
Thank you bebe!!! i miss aaand love you so much!!
Fall weddings with this handsome man make my heart happy
Thank you for being the very best leader. Thank you for all the great songs. Happybirth day my Hanbin
Love you Riri
This is our personal fav, Hearty. It is huge!
Happy birthday to you have a great day.
Aww thanks Erin!!
Wanna One Flight + Hotel Info
Seoul Bangkok
Rm 50 roundtrip
Dm me if interested
ifb!
this boy has my heart
Doubt anyone else got a smile and blush from their crush..... Ouuu bars
my heart love youuuu
most 150 + scores in ODI's
6- Rohit Sharma
5- Sachin paaji
2 favs
The QUEEN Sarah Geronimo
Tysm for the kind offer, I need the robux but I just want people to know
Happy Birthday Hanbin-ahh
I liked it
INDIAAAAA INDIAAAAAAA
Win by 8 wkts.
152*
140
EXTRAORDINARY batting
Ang sweet!! thank youuu, blessed to have you!!
Thank you Caro that does help. I've had a rough week and hate that it got me feeling
Hanbin ah living is fun,lets be happy
Bukidnon
Stay strong
Watch broadcast: Good Morning from Faith City Church
TGFAD
Arjun Asokan got engaged
UU, WE HAVE OT9!
There's no easy access. Work hard, try harder, if you can't your free to leave.
Thank you so very much Darlings!!!
Stay healthy hanbin oppa
Indonesian ikonic always support you iKON
HBD HANBIN
Sam This is really amazing. Loved it girl
watching "Ok love it" created by on , come join
feeling loved
Happy birthday to the best producer, composer and leader of the third gen!!!! We love you, Hanbin
I love hearing voice
Come on Twitter often sweetie.
We miss you here.
I'm so excited to see what happens tonight!! We're so proud of you, thank you for being you
This is everything.
for a dm? haha
Can't sleep hay
Me too!
// aww goodnight to you too bby
Would you like to meet more of your fans? love to meet you
Grief is a companion to love.
part of the life cycle.
Plus I enjoy what's going on rn. Get home from work, rest a bit, then chill RPG and chats with ma favourite people on stream
be encouraged and blessed on this Sunday
I hope youre doing well
Teaser Updated Views Crossed 19 Million Views
Realtime Views Crossed 20 Million Views In 48 Hours Itself.
I know shown a lot of heart for my club Witham Town FC. But I am finding things
Voted for the lads
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KIM HANBIN aka B.I. be happy and healthy and wealthy love youuuuu
come in time
the kind of videos u want to see on a Sunday
happy birthday nate miss u and our photoshoots enjoy your day kingg
Te amo
1
happy birthday leather head
Acceptance + peace of mind= emotionally stable
i will always love you
I'll be stay by their side forever
Teaser Updated Views Crossed 19 Million Views
Realtime Views Crossed 20 Million Views In 48 Hours Itself.
i have all of these!! cashapp: anitaeliz venmo: anitaelizsmith
Happy Birthday Beautiful
Eu to muito soft!!
Happy Birthday to me and my twin To more life Re godile Many more blessings
Enjoying each other's centuries. Bonding
One thing that will never leave me is music. What a fucking amazing thing music is
You are a *very special* best friend
already voted
VA:
FL:
SD:
RI:
Don't kill Penny plz
Hays thankyouuuu bby gurl ha? Iloooooveyousooomuch and imisssyouuu
Happy birthday, Mylove Iloveyou. Always will.
iziii, sou apaixonada
Let me introduce to the Kings
My cheeky bambam sweetlove
morning skinny is my favorite
Legendary
This picture is Gorgeous
I miss my Babies so much !!!
B & B are the best Couple ever
They made us fall in
You look so nice together
Rise&Grind
GoodMorning Mentions
RT for
FAV for FOLLOW
NO FB MEANS I UNFOLLOW
QUOTE with ""
Waking up is so much better when waking up to you
My little sugar
So cute
I am so happy for porsha from real housewives of Atlanta on her baby and her new man she reminds me of myself sooo much
About last night love this chick!
Work finished for 12 days, my staff are great
this is us
Oh no, I hope he's ok xxx
Nice! Maybe happen at too? it there
LoVe Vampir Shawn
Read the photo for details that wouldn't fit in this tweet!
TLDR; I want to upgrade my computer and the
Can i vote if i live outside in the UK? i love your boys,Brendan is my favourite
Ohhhh my god I did!
ESTOY MUY ORGULLOSA DE TI MI DOME GRACIAS POR APOYARME SIEMPRE CON EL GRUPO LGTB ME ALEGRA SABER QUE TIENES LA
He love when I put my Vicky Secrets on
HAPPY BIRTHDAAAYYY B.I!!!! ILY
Congrats
Happy birthday to my other baby
IS IN THE HAIR ON AURA HAIR STYLE IN 10 SHADES Try it here:
ilysm
Great.. des will be pleased..
you look so pretty
So cool, best teaser ever . But the best is that Yixing is also there
is good and they do amazing messy stuff and that's what I normally get and its so good and worth it
such a precious boy!! loml
Thank you!! I really want to drink there too, haha
This adorable pup is looking for a home! If you are interested please contact Mary Harding Slemmer.
My dear Hanbin I hope u get to spend this day with ur loved ones & have a fantastic day! I am so very proud of
Their comeback is getting realer, it feels so good to be back, im home, exo is home
Ang Kambal ko haha
Thank you sa Blessings LordGodJesus
Happy birthday Binnie
Nothing makes me happier than a roast dinner, what a treat though, food of the gods
Certo! Fique bem
He will listen to you. God Bless po.
I love Iris
HAPPY BIRTHDAY URI HANBINNN iKONics love you
Thank you my baby girl!
Bless him , rest in peace hero
thank you so much for just being you
Nicesky bangkok thailand
It's time to Cultivate an Attitude of Gratitude
uy, ano ba!! hehehe
thank you boo! It was perfect
Valentine
This year you're mine l3v1than!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Gracias hijo, por inventarme
Walks up to him and takes what is mine.
There were a few highlights for me yesterday. Finally meeting you is definitely one of them.
I have shown a lot of heart for my club Witham Town FC. But I am finding things
Remember death often
It will soften your heart and soul
Hope you're feeling okay. Here's a doodle that almost sort of, kinda looks like you.
Happy birthday Hanbin-ah. Wishing you happiness & pls stay healthy ok? See you soon
help!
Waiting for you....
K- UM AMORZINHO DE PESSOA
Baby j all I need
Felicidades mi
Te quiero
happy birthday sweetheart, i love you.
the most beautiful patada voladora ever.
You should go eat a snack.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY OPPA!
Wish you all the best and be successful as always
Melts my
Live every moment, laugh every day, and love beyond words. You continue to live on with us every day Alyssa.
MOBILE LEGEND
early congrats on the big 1 milli homie, no one is more deserving
Seriously.... Heaven on a plate
congrats blinks and of course blackpink!!
Subscribe to my new account
Nerry De Leon
Thanks
this is a different tax bracket upper echelon still the bad guy a decepticon
Primiando en Orlando
Plex (Dag 1
Thank you, I'm excited! It's been awhile since I've done a convention
181021
Everything about her still moves me. The tribute at the convention was insane. Lot of love for our princess
Today is
Doing some personal art for a bit - want to try and sharpen my line art - but commissions after!!!
LA DE GROS
INVADERS
Feliz
gorgeous!
Finally
Stay Up
That poor little pup. Thank you for being so wonderful and loving
Happy birthday snowflake!!! Uri leader See you soonest!!!
"I CAN'T BELIEVE"
OMG ME NEITHER!!!
DID YOU CATCH A GLIMPSE OF OUR HEALING UNICORN WITH THOSE BLOND HAIR??
I did Happy Birthday little Lady
Daaaaannngg Ohio State got spanked. I CFB
Happy bday hanbinie
Get a
Happy birthday to my leader
happy birthday mija love you (and our baby) soo much. have an amazing day girly!!!
been trying to take a decent pic for two hours but my hand is shaky... Iron deficient twitter can relate
If you're a Rihanna fan I've created a playlist of her album cuts and features
AKO TALAGA TINITINGNAN NITONG MGA TOH HAHAHAHA
i love you guys from the bottom of my heart
thank you! the acc is
Absolutely! Played fantastic and he seems so happy
..
hm.
Good morning
The sweetest proposal ever :
I WILL LOVE YOU FOREVER
most 150 + scores in ODI's
6- Rohit Sharma
5- Sachin paaji
2 favs@ImRo45
Congratulations my love
I always believe that you can do it. You make both of our family proud. Good job syg
I love your minisheepies. Also LW along with
Same goes with me.
Oath Day
I wanna boyfriend that I can go to church with, have the best conversations with no arguing, and Starbucks
Who is ready to start a huge challenge? Hit
60 s to unlock bet 1
The person you think of when you stand in front of the ocean. That's the person you're in love with
[EXOSTAGRAM] 181022 (weareone.exo) Instagram Story & update:
Loved getting to celebrate this sweet baby yesterday
Aww. the sweetest.
That I CAN'T BELIEVE intro by CHEN
Oh my heart, my soul really the death of me
This pretty whistling fella must remind Finn of her cockatiel cousin Groucho. Watching video
sorry friends, I be able to stream tonight, instead I will be streaming tomorrow! See you all then!
Thank you
Happy Birthday Kim Hanbin !!!
Bathtime tunes
I love you tooo , you spelt my name so wrong
Century No 60
The Legend King i Have No Word's For u
You always made us proud to be your fan
Seunghyun
Liberation
BI day!
girl lets shoot together yess please dm me!!
amo vc
Okay I love this wall.
Football Sunday
Winter is definitely on its way So here is "Love in the Cold"
finally 21! Super blessed to see another year never thought even get to see 21, grateful. Thank you my God
FELIZ DIA
happy birthday baby
I bought the butterbear shower jelly as soon as I saw it on the shelves! Planning to stock up on him as much as I can
And I adore you
Little things look bigger lately
Haah "kesian artis yg bertanding".
Happy birthday my baby, Jo Yuri all my love for you
Depois Do Banho Meu
thanks for the love!
I created this account only for Astro.
I need mutuals
Rt this if you are Aroha
I'll follow everyone who will RT/Like this. Thanks.
For me, yes it is!
Two beautiful, brilliant men.
I got it from my mama.
OT9
I'd trade my drums for your flats any day
when will you come back in France? Je
The Coffey Sisters Part II: Gone Country (30 Photos)
total sweetheart
Y langostinos.
Happy Birthday
Love you too
Thankyouuu for always being by my side. Tabsssyyy
I have to study His Coy so I just listen to this all day
MY OT9 IS BACK TOGETHER FINALLY YESSSSSSS IS BACK ON STAGE!!!
Happy Sunday my dudes
We appreciate your dedication to your craft.
Happy Birthday Kim Hanbin
happy birthday genius! Someday we will surely meet
Can you be more sweet than that ?! Love your laugh what kind of a question is
This picture is stunning, autumn is beautiful!! Thank you for sharing this, I love it. Happy
A four letter word can't describe my love for you. My love for you is Infinity and beyond..
Lyyyyyyyy
Good morning.A few Sunday smiles for you..
Haha! Yep. I guess just love
hit for a dm..
Miss your sweet face
That's the prettiest goat in progress I've ever seen!
So very true!
make him stop for a bday dinner with you guys
OMG omg I'm crying
Yixing
Thank you so much for the review! So glad you liked Reflection
thank u babe ily
Victory to People
Aw hanny I love you so much. Thank you.
for a reason ..!!
GAWs
Win semi stacked account
Follow:
Ends at 15 rts
VA:
FL:
SD:
RI:
Stop lusting after your boss
did you enjoy your first time singing this sing in Madrid?
happy birthday to my bestfriend imagine doing life and college without you by my side. wait to
i luv my bub he is so cute
Poll Results
*This Polls had Contestants who got Max. RT & LIKE in their Poll*
And you
LBC FAN FROM HAIPHONG - VIETNAM
Your welcome sis
S8. With at wonderful place. Skate Agora
Ehh, not everyone is on twitter 24/7 and if reruns didn't work tv stations would never have used them.
Kaneki
Kirito
Much love Julian.
BEEN the man of my dreams and the song in my heart and I knew I loved him from the start.
Woke up with a headache after a night out with my girl.
Advance happy happy birthday to our budding singer Love you my baby doll May God Bless You with
proud of you all
Tio Amar
can you follow as well? a sweetheart
Thank you for the chance to win your amazing Letterbox Hamper.
OMG OMG OMG OMG THEY ARE COMING FOR USSSSSSS I LOVE THEM SO MUCH I CANT WAIT
I've been waiting for this
I broke one for Charles now I have Archi
But they will always be my Charles.
Happy birthday to my wonderful Leader. May the wind always be at your back. Love you
Watch broadcast: Good Morning from Faith City Church
so grateful for the people around me! Thank for last night, I had an absolute blast
In love with this boy
KIM HANBIN HAPPY BIRTHDAY stay healthy, make more friends, create more memories and compose more masterpieces.
te amodoro
Alright love
pmsl love you too and thank you for participating!
Wedding time
Forever my heart
Home sweet Hogwarts! A little snow can work wonders, Diyath!
Mine.
DK ig's story update LOTS OF LOVE IKON BROTHERSSS
Homecoming was so fun! I love all my friends
Have you got any advice to someone struggling with mental health
I need to work on myself
We can wait, Inang you helped us so much already and I really really wanna thank you for that
Thanks
Fvt Snap
After aathi i think so
Rain Dance
my fav feature tbh
GAWs
Win semi stacked account
Follow:
Ends at 15 rts
Know the feeling. Fighting!
Thanq Fans
All The Very Best to
MecSel shipliyorum
Cai Xukun is one of the most beautiful men in the world. No joke. Damn. So much love for him.
181021
Ay los amo ajaja
Mayhaps I screamed
Whew! this view.... I can see it.... but I can still only imagine!
The fave baby nga di pakawat. Cutieeee your bibi,
Work at Home Customer Support with Gadget Guard
Hirai Momo cute little peach and a charismatic raccoon I love you so much
Happy Birthday baby, I love you always
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KIM HANBIN
my favs
Happy Birthday iKON leader, KIM HANBIN!
Happy birthday, Space Mom.
Thanks for the inspiration and so much more
How sweet it is to be loved by u
Happy birthday, Space Mom.
Thanks for the inspiration and so much more
your Insta story just made my day and it's made me adore you even more now
Yay! It's our time na sad.
MeanPlan is REAL
ship team
well done skippy! Up the parish
I love you more than much!
WAAHHHH~ SI YIXING!!! OT9
AradiaPlays now streaming Little Nightmares, go show them some love
The man i love and a man i never forget
FELIZ AMOR DE MI VIDA, FELIZ A VOS QUE DAS TODO SIN PEDIR NADA. TE MERECES MUCHO QUE EL CIELO
84%
Thank you
HAPPY BIRTHDAY OPPA BIRTHDAY!
Gracias mi querida "Amihermana"
Retweet & Like this
Follow all retweets & likes
Follow back INSTANTLY
Show Love to
Gain
Happy birthday momma winkler
I love you so much
I swear I love u more annoying in my life
OT9 IT'S BEEN A WHILE
ABS ULIT. MY GOODNESS
You can go any which way don't matter how far, because I know we're written in the stars
Happy Birthday, Hanbin!!!!
too many to mention pero special mention kay
this he look so fine
and RT
bye davao hello maldives
My fav ot9 babies
You literally need to apologize you have the right to feel. you do anything wrong
Actually for awhile I been so happy crazy like everything literally falling in place
Jeccc
Good morning.A few Sunday smiles for you..
last night was fun
SEA OF ROME!!!!!!!!!!!
18/1 SINGLE WINNER
GET IN THERE YOU BEAUTY
WHAT A DAY!
Missing my love, wait to see you in a month everything will be okay
Thank you for this.
My life! I will discuss church with babe
When it's your first night nd u just waiting for the effects of tablet
Worth it
XIII. I love sunsets
photos are all mine
ne
Congratulations
I'm literally glued to my TV set and your page!
Bring it onnnn!
JinWoo
Dill chye kia kisi ko
I love you
ALWAYS my
Ok thank you and also thank you for the great game
Hehehe still got love for ya Ashwee. But megito is my wife now
Treat to watch world no 1 and no 2
THANK YOU SO MUCH GE MAHAL NA MAHAL DIN KITA
I love you and your generosity
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
MOM! Thank you!
Thanks
Happy birthday to the best, amazing and most talented leader in the world You deserve so much happiness and
This will always be my favorite background!
Yas
mdrr Bodied OST + Joyner LP + Creed 2 OST.... jamais bro
I'm gonna watch it as always
can I ask for a follow back pretty please!
Switched (6 episodes)
10/10
Highly recommended Japanese series!! I swear, you will fall in love with Kaga!
He noticed you congrats love!!
You are my light in the darkest night. You are the sun that warms me ... You made me smile again. You healed my Heart.
thanks Lexi love you sm!! and I still see it!
Enjoy this!! because you deserve
once again
Captain &
happy birthday amber! Hope u had the best weekend an see u soon x
feel bad fren I have been trying to ignore the fact that I needed rest
we are really proud of you ,you deserve the world love you
I really love he such an good person and friend i call him for everything good & bad he always listen
Happy birthday my love aka my son aka my king aka my amour aka my inspiration aka my heart I love you
Lay se ve tan visual alv
Thanks for your hard worked. Youre the best leader. Thank you i love you
My hair is thick long & healthy
Thank you
This one is also a promotional tweet oh I love Thank you for doing this, our boys deserve it!
The best feeling indeed one of my fave thing to do is to listen to a song dedicated for me
so sorry you lost your brother ...
Religion and the notion that
I cried GAHHHHH
Stunningly Gorgeous Girl with an Amazing Body.
another win for exokon nation. birthday and another teaser. been blessed
tru. shout out to you cuties! thank you babes for
you're the best leader ever! keep doing the best for iKON & iKONICs
Saengil chukkae hamnida uri charismatic leader keep being the best leader for ikon Love you
.
.
.
.
Kim in 1994 said famous, remember me as this beautiful little
MY OT9 HEART
Trust the plan! our
Never fun to leave you, good old Netherlands. So we figured, hey let's just come back in a few days.
Tilburg
Did he reach into the next urinal and grab some Weiner.. America wants to know Spartacus the boyz
Necesito abrazarte y no soltarte nunca
Tysm for the updateee. Ilyyyyy
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE LOVE OF MY LIFE
Happy birthday uri leaderrrr
Thanks mamas
we you...@inyaearpromo bringing it this Monday
Covinha
been a good weekend for me man. Meet lyla
Nice reminder to begin a new week!
Support each other.
Thank you bev!! miss you i love you too!!
A couple years ago I saw a pic of a black Jaguar curled up in a small cardboard box. Cats are cats
Dayoff tomorrow
WE LOVE YOU
WE LOVE YOU
WE LOVE YOU
My birthday is 13th november and it's also my favourite month
What a Beautiful Blessed Sunday it is..
Thank you J sometimes difficult though ...
happy birthday to my baby whose not a baby anymore
You are tooo sweet Sterling. I you very very much
the best mentor those boys could have! great job, lou, really proud of you!
Happy birthday our leadernim
3M con esta hermosa, te amo mucho
Happy Birthday B.I
it
Sending love
Hahhaha well cut her some slack doe. be back
My short letter to you!
Just simply thought of writing it! I mean everything that i said you're
What inspired you for the single? & will there possible be an upcoming tour soon?
super proud of this man as always
Amazeballs!
How can he smile like this all the time
helps my girl heree do rt plss
O meu melhor Pietro Gallo
You are my mother
Melhor
This is for my Aunt Liz
Antes e depois
I coffee
Happy birthday HanBin ah thanks for your efforts to write songs and bring iKON comeback, we know you work
This set list bro
waiting patiently
I liked a video Koe No Katachi
Yessssssss! Hope your enjoying Dubai
Well done boys
Beautiful Barshapara.. Wonderful Match
there's nothing else left to do so uwu goodnight to the only people i care about~
He is BACK!!! My bro im proud
New change
Thanking God for this WORLD CHANGER
Cute!
When it heals it beats for you
Hocam John Arne Riise
logo ali
Happy Birthday to our charismatic leader, !! I really really hope that i can get a chance to see
THEY SHOULDVE ADDED FINGERLESS GLOVES FOR THE FULL EFFECT BUT IMM HAPPY N SATISFIED NONETHELESS
My store played Kiss and Makeup
Always love you my boy
Absurdly massive track. Thanks for putting on such a fantastic show
welcome back
I stay proud of this kiddo watching her do what she loves to do its all that makes me happy!
Wapping
Beautiful moment!! So so happy for him
Por siempre
Yippeeeee!
Ready for 2019
if you're a Jackson solo stan please block me
Omg I love this so much
I'm going to prepare Banana pancakes for breakfast
Such a handsome good boy.
On The Loose
My 2nd favorite background. Haha.
Yas my gma coming down
Thank you gorgeous. Love you more my baby
Gosh, I adore this man
Hanbin. Stay awesome stay Young, wild and free
since met I missed a service
here for you
Anything for u darling These abusers don't deserve ur tears.. keep smiling
Happy birthday Hanbin! We love you
My birthday and that means you have to watch some KUWTK with me
driving with one hand. cooking. tying their tie. hugging other men. singing. playing with kids.
We are one team, we will support you and your boys no matter what! :) You are amazing mentor Louis
RESPECT
thank you so much for yesterday, this was an incredible show and one if the most beautiful day in my life ! I love you so much
Last night was amazing! Thank for supporting the cause!
It's 12:21 am KST and they're going to release the album today. It felt surreal
Hug me to finish all the bad things inside me
If you loved Because of Winn Dixie, this should be the next book you read! Louisiana! such a strong
All the next gen players are prospering today
I my family of friends :)
Ok gracias
An early things that bounce to get your Friday started right (Video)
Happy Sunday Marlean.
Today is my birthday and your smile made me happy and you're my happiness
This is one of my favorite music videos.
Future - You Da Baddest ft. Nicki Minaj via
Congratulations and lots of love to you both!!
I love this
Cuba Libre for tonight!
I used this facial clay mask from and it was lemon and mint scent it was really good
Yes! You should feel proud great song choices,beautiful voices and amazing performances. You're the best
Cai Xukun is one of the most beautiful men in the world. No joke. So much love for him.
181021 preview / baby
cr ; cutie pie + jupiter
And we this comment. It's what is all about.
It's always been crazy being with these 2. Ily guys
Take care Ryan! I hope you feel better soon
Sedih yang tak terungkap but for sure miracle will happen, have faith
Happy birthday!
I love you
I hope the infection is treated quickly and effectively
YASSSSS
Manly semya herman
Sending prayers for everyone out there
HAHAHAHHAHA THANK YOU TABA !!!! HAHAHAHAHAHAH
They are my 8 sources of energy
Thank you dear
Thank you for the cutie baekho as well
Happiness is watching Rohit score 150+ What a match
152* - That's Ro'HIT'sharma for you
Thank you for today
Yesterday's Operation Tanggal Bukol
Happy birthday baby i love u so fcking much wish u have the best day best month best year ever
How much do you love your fans on a scale of 1-10?
Day 9 kind of mad I make this day 8
Everyone got problems literally everyone goin thru a lil sum I pray for my followers have a blessed week
QUEREMOS MUCHO!
i my hood rat friends lol
Thank you
to all d mums . U know what we can do for our kids! Good night
Cheek dimples brothers where you at ?
Lo hermoso, AGUANTE EL ROQUE
Happy birthday star boy
Sssh, you! I'm not good with compliments, really. I'm overjoyed receiving the compliment. Thank you so much.
[VIDEO] 181021 's Instagram Update: iKON 's birthday surprise for
love will come in time bolech
I hope everybody get what the need today for God to heal they hearts & minds have a hood day
couldnt be prouder of these two
Cause you beautiful
My boyfriend is the best
Happy birthday
Leadernim....
Tonight, i miss you so much.
I F.R.I.E.N.D.Seo Eunkwang
Advance happy birthday darling
From Fans
I was very drunk oops. Thanks beaut love ya
P.S.: blessed me with Merch and this signed Shirt
Reached Top 500
The kiss scene
WHAT A GREAT DAY TO BE ALIVE FAM!
Ahhh thank you so so much I am soooo happy to finally be able to share you are so kind!
Wow! Stunning!
0506 713 53 90 SEKS
181021 HQ 2P
This was your mess.
Now your mess is mine.
Hot Butts That Can Shut Your Mouth
Soo & but BO getting $500MM to develop New Glenn (Comparable to Falcon 9/Heavy) which is
this night was the cherry on top thank you, G!
Son hermosos
Compadre
Maraming salamat din sa inyo ni You just have no idea how HAPPY you made us all
Always thankful for the gift of family huhu thanks for the love fam!!
Love all my cousins
Truly enjoyed the episode.
Loved Deepika.
elephants are incredible
Valentine
This year you're mine l0ngassrlde!
And you, whom will be yours?
I love you noodles
My hearrrttt
Look at him !!!! He was so happy last night which made me happy & I just love him so much xxx
.
+ =
EXO OT9 RESMI GUYS.. GA NGERTI LG BAHAGIA BGT LIAT MEREKA..
Oh wow! I'd love to read it sometime!
Damn this tears ....... I'm crying
OT9
I can't believe
Today is also the day which completes 1 year of me
to those who texted me whtsapp or dm-ed me sorry mate I feel like talking to no one today.. love you
de nada bb
Spent this morning and still spending it watching the twilight franchise with my amor
I hope you're ok
Ella
almost complete
happy birthday krysha!!!
What is your songwriting process like?
Essence of the heart
Feelings that make you dance
Inspired by love
You and your Husband ves
Don't cry my love
I love and appreciate Yoongi sm
Oh, Carol, thank you. And thank you for your review. so glad to hear you liked it.
A hundred million thanks to you all
I want to hug my dear friend
This is so cutee uwu~~
Happy Birthday Love Kim Hanbin
u also have a lot of international fans Erii... f only we could gather together WE LOVE YOU CHIBA ERII
I don't care what they say, is a full package!!!
No matter how crap I feel nothing cheers me up more than speaking to my mumma
He's ok. He needs some space because we have family problems. Thanks
What a weekend. Far exceeded our expectations.
So proud of how much we've grown as a school.
Well done everyone
Praying for him!
thanks for helping me loving myself
Gorgeous my
samsungmobile
exo and Ikon trending in korea
+1
Stay by my side i miss this two being together
I hope you feel better!!
Congrats 2 u both my favourites
u guys
Included and assured. In any case; to each his own.
Started off as close friends
SHEEEMS! TEAM LABAS AKO NETO KANINA E
Thank you!
9 angels
you're doing an amazing job and showing everyone how much talented you are, I'm so proud of you
Ain't nobody make me feel the way you make me feel, darling tell me is it real?
So happy for you, so full of love for you
THANK YOU SO MUCH! I wait to read it
EU MINHA ESPINHA E MINHA CONJUTIVITE
DESCULPA GEISIELE, TU VAI TER QUE MARCAR A PROVA PRA SEMANA QUEM VEM ANJO,
Finally taking little man to a pumpkin patch
Jack and Silver are gold!!! Multiplying questions...the negotiation...trading answers.
Oh no! I am so sorry to hear that. Sending you love and support.
|| I will get to them babe
Can you please do a tour with meet and greet tickets I need to meet you ily
i know im late but happy birthday big brother always been a role model despite all the things you
I'm a PH Aroha I love to have mutuals. Juseyo.
aw thank you
happy birthday to you,
hanbin; b.i;
a leader, a friend, an idol, an inspiration.
best wishes from iKONics
I loved you and I still love you
SA LAHAT NG MAY EXAM BUKAS! KAYA NATIN TO! FIGHTING!!! LABAN SABI GYU
November 6th come soon enough!!!
Legend
Happy birthday princess love you queen
Sobrang amazing talaga ng 3 freshman na nagspeech sa AER Camp yesterday, still get over kase I learned from them a lot.
this IG model her name again?
Thanks Kentrell
HITMAN Finishes Off In Style
Ram chahe Leela
Lais on IG Stories
thank you
merkezcil 0506 022 95 42
[Album Preview]
.
OH MY - is giving me Fallin' feels, this song is going to be such a bop
.
Reunited! Congrats again Sof!!!!
Love that guy
happiest birthday to my one and only, MY LOVE
sunday with my loves
Props to for supporting local
5 ways you can honor Carrie Fisher on her birthday.
First day yow
My Jayana and his good friend Jasiah homecoming king and queen !! So proud!! Antelope, California
Thank you
Do not listen to them, please. Good night.
Idk who you are but sis! pretty n suits the background very well
Pepsi me patrocina
Color matching is their thing
Ang sweet!!!
Watching the restored version of a Claudine-Rico movie. Grabe ang lakas pala talaga ng chemistry nila! Rico Yaaaaan
Happy Birthday
HAPPY BIRTHDAY HABINIIEEE!!! more blessings and wish you all the best of the best enjoy!
With God you can go from notorious to victorious! He is faithful and will never forsake you.
The most legendary comeback of all time. The idiots, man
my princess
Thanksss
: AKA our snapped on the sets of the film today in !
That smile is
I will ramain nehha for ever
Bring back Nehha
Thanks
Good luck
Time flies too mats broooo! Happy 9 months mamang maliit! I love you!
This one is also a promotional tweet oh I love Thank you for doing this, our boys deserve it!
Definitely thank you
Happy birthday to my love my life my sunshine I love you so much baby
I love the NPC memes
I can't vote. I'm sooooooooooo sorry
NEED TO PROTECT THIS BABY AT ALL COST. SHE'S TOO CUTEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
You did well Taengoo
I so love the pic. - elegant
cr.pic
stay strong and cheer up shorty!!
YAYYYYY. THAT'S GOOD TO HEAR!!
Aww, thank you so much Christin!!
Syed
Thank you gorgeous!!! I love and miss you as well! I hope doing amazing
Goooooood
play an RT Game now loser because I want to... message me if you want to make me happy today
Uy ang gwapo....
Grade 6 days hihe
Son los mejores, son tan
-- and finally, I felt something real, something pure and something genuine. TyL for this and everyday.
I hope you look like this today with the boys. I LOVE YOU HANBIN!
HITMAN Finishes Off In Style
India Wins The 1st ODI
Perfectly said
11:11 follows me
I literally screaaam when i saw him . OT9 is back
Making puppy chow with my mama today
Awesome. I love volunteering
better than getting to spend time with your mom
hbd hanbin,wuatb
Please stay health, always happy and gbu
Compassion, Love and Peace is the oxygen that feeds our soul.
Sunday Blessings.
Thank you for sharing! We've sent this to Linda's Leadership so she can be recognized!
no Ash
Amazing
Thank you my family
Trending no in Malaysia
It's like you feel so special right? G'night!
thank you for existing
Amen
Yixing??? WHAT ??
i miss you
I Wanna Scream . But, I can't
Im not at all impressed by millennials.. The teenagers of today are true warriors in the making..
Both
friends and ofc circle
Dans le potager
Own
Just played on Dr Dre / Snoop Dogg The Watcher
100% not begging and make me look stupid and cheat on me with my
Girl can't figure out flowrider to save her life (Video)
Awwwww.. True Love~
Es tan hermosa
I love your cat so cute your dog so adorable right now
09-08-18
I'm so, so sorry
Feliz mami
Dren, Sofiya, Bulgaria
Good night and sleep well!
OT9
not crying, you are.
Pumpkin carving today !!!
Thank you sav appreciate you
Happy birthday!!
Goodluck to today as she competes in miss Owensboro! going to kill it! Love u
FINALLY OT9
sight
I donated to help. Please help if you can
Ian Lebeau listen to Madea Dammit!
NCT JOHNNY
Omg that's too much to bear at once
To the most beautiful girl in my heart ~ Happy Birthday Dear Stay Healthy , Once Again Congratulation for
I like ur personality on Twitter but i love ur real life personality more
I love you more Tay
Girl Power
Retweet if looking forward for episode
When you Are coming to Denmark?
Episode was fun... Really enjoyed it!
LOVE YOU QUEEN!
So happy for you mahal
Will always be your fan
De Lana foi pra Sleeping At Last na playlist
Ok, time to sketch something!
The sweet angel babies
Socorro eu acho ele lindo tbm kkkk
: Snooob :<
: 11/10
: THE BEST KA MASYADO I LOVE YOU SO MUCH Srsly like, why are you so
Amor
wow!!!!! thank you youre my fave member of the maine
We love you
No ones ever really gone
And they nine
Congratz spratty boy
such a proud cousin
Goodnight!
so sorry for your loss.
Goodnight TYLSM
ILYM
my grandma is my whole world i love her to death!!!
we are so funny lmao still laughing at what we talked last night
Thoughts and prayers to everyone affected by the flooding in
So handsome i love you Nam
His new hobby is gold his camera is our blessing, everyone's blessing look at these beautiful pic taken from
Good morning gonna get on cam in about a half hour! excited
Thanks for everything Augusta! It was an amazing experience and glad that you were there beside me
you're the best leader ever! keep doing the best for iKON & iKONICs
happy happy birthday my chococo!! thankyou for being such a great leader iloveyousomuuuch.
Own mds obrigado Jen
Bonjour Mes P'tites D'amour Have Fun My Lovelies Big Big Hugs Sweeties
Passez un merveilleux week-end
Congratulations Deepika and Ranveer
Hi hello I exist
I loved the Mallory Towers books, Twins at St Clare's and the Chalet School books interested to
Hello, I love you!
happy birthday!! i love you so much i hope one day we have the opportunity of meeting each other
Bye week
Guys you need to RETWEET AND FAVE TO QUALIFY
"Bottled up" vertical ficou muito legal
Amei
Prayers for my girl. I am so glad you are okay
you give the best of you and it shows, we are all very proud of your work Louis, be proud of you
thank you for the kind messages here i won't ever reply to them so that i see them all the time
*insert chrissa*
Premio entregado a
be back by the 31st love.
we're SO proud of you
Bom diaaaa
I this!!!
Serenity
Landscape
Nature
Picture quality
Beauty
Follow for more
Surra de fofuraaaaaa
matt's smiling
my son deserves the world
Congratulations in advance to October 2018 CPALE Passers! Welcome to the Profession!
I have a Ragdoll Siamese too! Her name is Lady George Darcy aka Georgie
T-10
What an absolutely smashing defender.
Dead fish mandando o recado
no questions I just wanna say hello
happy birthday T love you
Hamburg - hate
Hope you will have the sweetest dream tonight, milady~ kkkk
My Kotthamalli Kozhunthu
Muito fofo
Our apologies for the hassle trying to get some Metro love with our automated system. We accept
When you a Real one your wont let you do not fucked up shit
hopefully!!!
Yes im 33... Yes i have 3 kids... Yes I have a partner of 15 years... Yes I am who I am and proud...
Yes I
Add it to the list of why we love camping so much
blessed to be surrounded by the best people ever. made my birthday amazing
Dont hate your life, we love you, life is precious youre important to this universe
Lmfaooo. Thomiwurrrrr
Happy birthday
Happy birthday
Wish you all the best in your life
Enjoy it
So proud of my girl
Thank u so much for coming in paris ! yesterday was the best day in my whole life ... u guys are so
181019
I love you so much I'd say he should follow you
happy birthday, queen Carrie
you are as loved as you are missed
sending you love and light today, Bills
I need boy. I just need you
Surrender your worries to God, and you'll find strength.
6 MINUTES TO GO, 6 years of Alia as well. This could be a Lucky break.
Bring it onnnn!
Mere full name wale tweet sy mjy yeh Pata chala hai k Twitter py boht sy log syed hian
They are so sick and deranged, God please!help the children
Thanks for your kindness
the link to my page, please check it out
Great game thanks
Thankyou
Still in my head, but my brother really helped me make sense out of things last night
Thank you Delaney miss you and hope to see you soon
Rio
I love this!! 7 years... wow!!! Lol so awesome love
JAJAJAJAJAJAJJAAJAA
I gotta pure soul, ion do the hate
Fabulous news. See you in February Thought the August visit to you from Wolverhampton would be our last
I got you thank you
DONT EVER try to publicly embarrass my man like that again. Love you
Single
Vejle game
goal line over 2 goals
odds 2.150
Hit & when Bet
so nice when all the things you thought where wrong with your car turn out to not be and you can just thrash on it happily
Operation Love
Ateeeeeeeee nice to see you po ulit. Thanks sa hug kanina Ingats pauwi
PAL Thank you!!! Love you both
I love you meatball
Wala edward pro may B? Yieeee
get ready? showtime!
happy birthday to my one and only, BI Thank you for your hardwork, Cap! See you soon. i
Me and mine
181020
Now playing on Dr Dre / Snoop Dogg Still DRE version
Ugh. His face, her nose
Do you know that you are the energy of many people including me
Good night my sunshine
Jake loves oldies and slowly rekindling my love for the Beatles
His eyes
Sehun
Just want to tell u that best leader and to wish u all the joys of a wonderful birthday
HAPPY
my layout
she deserves the world
Yes baby, luma pita sokoyokoto
Since foreign language we wanto start speaking now
so proud of you! doing a amazing job as a mentor, wait to see what is coming
and you follow each and everyone who like this
The best medicine in the world is a "Mother's" hug
OMG! I this so much! It shows so much heart... I bet scary being so young &
Been couch bound because of my car accident & been binge watching how can anyone thumbs down her videos ?! lovely
I think so too and would have loved to see him taking her to bed
Buenos
Lais on IG Stories
Awww cutie MashaAllah
I have this problem but chingu , you are amazing really appreciate your effort for seunggi
RELEASE ADE 2018...!! One of the best vibes in a club EVER had! You were unreal!
Thankyou so much and meeting you was surreal!
Whatever the result may be, that doesn't change the fact that God loves me. And He has so much plans for my life.
Super super super nice meeting you po
Heartbreaking documentary! So much strength from the couples sharing their stories
We our human sandbags!
Rules of Attraction by Simone Elkeles.
5 's + .
Today I woke up and got my ass beat by Monsta X and exo . This is nice
You guys should watch Mom. an amazing Indian movie
beautiful heart
beautiful mind
beautiful soul
MY HEART MY LOVE MY HAPPINESS
We love seeing kiddos excited about their new car seats!
Looking forward to the travels ahead!
Pas de soucis
always in my fucking mind but I love them too much
Casper
Am so happy that u fine am just wish to see that u live your best day and best live ! We care
GOODLUCK FOR TOMORROW LAZZ PEIPER LAZZ PEIPER LAZZ PEIPER YEAYY
nagenjoy ako last night and today and im so very blessed for that
goin on forever
Volleyball vs. Iowa at 1 pm! Stop by to see us before and after the game
Get active guys
LAY MY HEART IS HAPPY
more than proud
ehhhhhh i know you wanted to say shut up too mims come on, say it with je
Enikku therium yaru social media king nu...!!
I tnk Result came
so grateful to have friends like them. They never fail to cheer me up everytime down. Love na love ko kayo.
Happy Birthday bb
You are appreciated talented hanbin!
Then good that explains everything her theories
Omg
.
I my from but after going through the car wash today this happened...
a day well spent
Absolutely beautiful national anthem of Palestine..
Meet Mayor of you Soph Have a great senior season.
that song, Trina EP Reaction
Help us spread awareness! appreciate your s and RTs!
When Are you coming to Denmark?
I want to leave in that place
When the time is right, God will make it happen.
happy birthday ulit! thankyou sa foods, godbless
Pra tu tbm
Roast Pork Sunday Dinner
Done RT!
Happy birthday to our one and only talented leader hanbin
.... THANK YOU
Amen
I adored riding this monster cock
Boy/Girl Adult Photoshoot
Love your picture
That's really good!!!
Thank you, I might have to buy myself a pair
Thanks bro!!
How we her
Ah I love lil Reigate
Sipping on a ginger latte, feels like Christmas in a cup
-
counting down the
Yes im a mess but im blessed to be stuck with you
See . not what u want. I hope everything goes great
I love you
on now! Thanks to the whole Innerfire crew. Lesson 1: Nobody can squat lower than Wim Hof. !
thanks for the paypal money!
assim vc fica lindo
My fave kind of nine
I can never say enough how thankful I am for the friends and family I have. They make my heart so full
Obrigada
can't agree more
thankyou keuri-deul
suistimal 0506 021 13 43
My husband bought me one.
Aww give me! So cute
Happy Birthday BB
Mini pancakes
Charlie bb my little cousin lov u
Meant to post yesterday
But 10/27 baby waiting
Get/give/send me all the best things you know I love
10-14-18
Te amo
Thank's - Loved Those Groovy Jumpsuits x
Thanks Sis
Really? I didn't find myself so good wearing this hoodie. X3
The feeling is mutual
Wow. You got a fan bro!
I couldn't have imagined that my love for you would grow this big & so so deep... I love you so much Please
Que festa mano
I am more in love now Why tho
PFFFT I AM JUST CRAZY IS ALL!
But you look way better dude and a fact
10/10
"May the joy that you have spread in the past come back to you
to the bravest rebel, happy birthday
connected OMG
Idk who did this to you but you tell them I just want to talk. beautiful and awesome. I love you
Met Gala
They were amazing! such a great mentor!!! Love watching you on tv!
Thank u
Te
Yeah i believe when Sehun upload this i know he's Lay OMG i'm crying
I LOVE YOU
Want to stream but also want to go back to sleep. *sigh*
Firing it up. See you guys soon!
Dread Mar I - Mi Amor
Cause you are the best leader
I
Amen
YESSSSS!! I Nacho Seabre. Always.
Morning ally
Already learned Fire, Dope, Fake Love, Idol, and prolly Mic Drop. Wanna learn Save Me and Danger so bad aaaaaa
; Goodnight
suistimal 0506 021 13 43
Happy happy birthday to our awesome leader. Your songs are one of the things that keep me alive.
Congratulations team India keep going and gain victory more and more
I my President Trump
Hello baby Happy happy birthday to you my love!! words are not enough to show how much i love you
my love is yours if willing to take it, give me your heart cause I gonna break it.
Omg!!! Ot9 is back my Kings
welcome
I don't normally buy much from the item shop, but lately I've been treating myself a little more
Sunday morning church.
.
.
.
.
.
Happy birthday B.I
im always thankful
oh poor baby, I hope she gets better soon lovely! I know how hard it is
Dahmo is sailing
Thanks
I see OT9 *shedding tears*
happy birthday, ate mon we dont talk often but i sure remember every sekai moments we share i hope
coming home
Love you
Both devout lovers of the Mother
This sounds nice
Children are so genuine and innocent, so warm hearted
i'm excited to hear that masterpiece! I'm so happy too
thank yewww, babes
Love you
Lna choir omg amazing.. I actually cried
You are your mother's gift from god as well
Jongdae In the Left?
Jongdae in the right?
Can I have Both??
Coz I CANT BELIEVE
You did not found yours, I just found mine
Let's make it 20k!
You have the biggest heart - thanks for everything you do
good night babe
-
my birthday is now an official holiday
Fun in the park ...
Oye Zurita: chau Chile
Here. It always feels like going home.
[VERIFIED] as Yang Hyeseong from ELRIS, welcome and please be active
Some of God's greatest gifts are unanswered prayers
yesssss. Every Girlfriend me now please so I can do 1-45 for her
Your thoughts?
UPDATED DAILY
Doubletap
Follow
Tag your friends
-
Audrey
I HOPE YOU OK BOO!!! Sending You A Lot Of LOVE
I have great memories growing up, I hope to make even greater ones as a mother
Thank you!!
Sara on IG Stories
Crlh ela e MT Tumblr miglis
I love reading stuff like this
This is the week I scheduled off from my day job to recover from a busy year of traveling. I will be spending this week editing. I it!
[LIVE] SATU SQUAD CONQUEROR - PUBG MOBILE INDONESIA - mabar with Alma No Limit : via
Princesa
That is amazing! I think the lake is calling you!
Happy Birthday
ESPERO QUE DESCANSES MUCHO.. TE AMO
I love seeing so much fun on your face I love feeling the huge love you spread
God is so good. Unexpected going tonight to concert! I feel so blessed
Thank you baby. & we love you
having issues today watching the talking heads and reading tweets. Seriously, my is racing. do it anymore.
best of toula hc argue)
Happy birthday my Han Bin leader of iKON
sweetest shit heard all day
Bride Olawumi
Event planner bankysuevents
Outfit
Dominguei Eleve Nails Arts Br
Viola bailey
Happy birthday kim hanbin rl dan semua rp hanbin. God bless
yes, ate! thank youuuu pooo
Day 3 of our teacher training program in progress Happy Sunday
.
.
has truly taught me what it means to be trained to obey his rules. true discipline in his posession
I care too cuz
They act like brothers
Ave maria
You're very welcome, Neil! Love your wonderful posts! TY very much for this! Another great one! Happy Sunday!
On Gemini Movies Now
Happy birthday, Hanbin! Stay healthy and take care of you! You're amazing!
cuteeee!!!! for you
I was tagged by
3 songs, 5 friends:
Fullmoon by Sonata Arctica
Killpop by Slipknot
Africa by
Eun!! Thank you for granted my wish
Mines the 17th who my twin ?
Wish you a lifetime of happiness
NANGISSSSSSSSS YA ALLAH ADA KAK YIXING NYA
Happy birthday hanbin
You're just so talented!
Thank you for this.
Thank you for your friendship.
Meu Dindo
it's all love at the end of the day
Lovely with ice
Missing this multi-awarded, family attraction in Malaysia. Sunway Lagoon, Malaysia
happy birthday to Randy. thank you for always making me laugh! Even tho a dick who messes up my orders.
Goodmorning enjoy this Sunday
Gud Night Baby
Hiii you're so pretty! wuv u woow thank wuv u too!
Ta bom
181021
I like every other person love sweet peas but I don't have enough sun to grow them in my
Come to take away your bundles!!!
GS hair Quality hair at affordable prices. No shedding, No tangleCan
. tiff i loved you since day uno i saw ur acc <33 happy bday my love. everyone loves you hahe a great bdayyyy
Only numbers I know by heart is my mamas & my know they gone push through whenever however but I gotta learn his he right
I just want to come home.
Always bro
Hola babys, les presento a su suegra
Art & Soul Paint Night edition
.
I love my painting! *happy clap*
ksoo's hair
Nice prize l have retweeted
If I still remember how to breathe that is. But I will do my very best to survive!
Loveliest little weekend. Until I see u again
Please stop tarnishing my image.
Many thanks.
OT9 is BACK
Done,hope to win this GA
not easy my love, but definitely be worth it Miss you & our Benz btw
Bai. Stay strong bai . Sorry bai layo kaayo ta huhuh. Pero bai don't forget I'm always one call away . LOVE YOU BAI
Awe! She still wants to support her team though. a good egg!
thank you
No problem babes
go breakin my , I go breakin your
I should draw David without his hat more often tbh he looks like a complete dork without it
please let her read this I want her to wake up woth full of love and greetings
THANK YOU
my friend too grown
Happy 12th Anniversary ryanmorris303 I Love you and our life together more every day! The Ritz-Carlton
Thank you Chlo!! I hope I see you before Canada because I miss you lots.
Thank you so, so much
Good to know not the only one been pushed forward by this man
Thank you sweetie!
An Aquarius done her dirty love it
CUTIES
Carrick in this
thank you for existing kim han bin
TODAY Oct 21st; From Wherever YOU are; PLEASE take a few moments (or longer) to share Good Thoughts,
You are a perfect husband for Kim and the universe will continue to bless your marriage
1 Corinthians 13: 4-5
Repose toi bien
Doundeul mon ami
HAPPY BIRTHDAY HANBIN!!!!! Cheers for more meaningful songs to come!
Gracias a todos por el apoyo siempre
Thank you, Paige!! This put a big a smile on my face! x
please
BOBCAT SUNDAY!!!!
I'm doing good, thank you. Hope you are enjoying yours. Got a lot of rain in the valley last night.
Thanks it was fun
Congrats ! 1Millions Anbaana Followers For Anbaana director On Twitter !
I need this for my convo
got Elmo
I believe lay is actually in the music video My heart is so full
LOVE YOU
Thank you!
Take your sweet time working on this! It looks so goooooood
Cuties
Probably
senior hoco was so fun!
Priceless memories!
You're so close to us Mike, this is so peaceful for us. Thank you for always being there.
Very comfortable with the cam on stream now. was right there by my side calming my nerves.
This is going to be a lot of baby EXOL's first OT9 experience!
With my favorites in the whole world... mini me and my love best vaca ever!!! FAMILY always
Sesin mukemmelligi
I it. I'm so happy you do it, Jackie! Thank you!
Man my grandma her some Lee Williams. getting ready for church I can hear her in her room patting her fist
are my fave although the 5am vomit sesh was not ideal. I am shattered. But love love love my family.
She is the meaning of life
a fact thank you my love get it
..
Thank you so much girl ily
EXO Concept Short Film
was a success had so much fun last night Plainville, Connecticut
gonna be lit my precious ot9
Happy Birthday have a lovely day all the happiness & all the love
Thank you
relaxing music + coffee while studying is just
Merci Mia belle toi
Last night was perfect! so happy to be home
You're one of my favorite fansites, you work is amazing
Since the day I start following you
okay this has to be one of my favorites... so simple but so intense at the same time!
It was fantastic to have you here, and your beautiful film in the festival, Soudade
I love you
Sidmouth looking beautiful today. It felt more like July than October.
Il mio Milan
Amores de mi vida
Thank god for my babies always making me smile.
Yeah you can do that in the future when that happen send me some pictures
Good morning, Ms. Parker. Good morning, Ducky.
Thanks boo I haven't yet bro I just got done with my Secret Wars one so I'm gonna start reading that one now
Thank you girrrl miss ya
happy birthday to a legend. i miss her soso much
Now time to start shopping for Claflin Hoco and this cruise!
happy birthday kim han bin
please let her read this I want her to wake up with full of love and greetings
Babies i love you so so much! I wish louis noticed you two
Precious baby
The more u serve, the GREATER the BLESSINGS. so keep on serving him!
He's incredible. Such a pleasure being Roman's fan. Truly
Aww looker baby and tita min
Love you
- A Cult Film
Merry Sunday, animal defenders
I met this affectionate Beagle on my walk to the beach last night, her name happened to be Addy
Before you sleep, thank God for all the Blessings that you and your family received.
Feel better
lets do our best exo-ls. finally getting what we always want! OT9!!
Last night was
Awwww.... I can't be scared by you! *MAXIMUM HEAD PATS*
Focus on loving yourself Focus on taking care of yourself
Awxx Jo' I love you
Shout out to our best friends for all the help yesterday. We would of been lost with our you guys
happy birthday uri selfless leader. all i want to say is
Follow everyone who LIKES and RT this
Thank you Lord
check these out!
Eastern Beach after a storm
Shes Fucking Every Game Up Periodt
I hope you charged her
Because you offer perspective and empathy love
The song we play at curtain call!
what's your fav song from the album so far?
"I see this beautiful girl standing in the sunlight just catching my eye." He the sweetest
It's hair!! Thanks
Super proud of
happy birthday to our vocalist
It does very Christmasy
my babiess
was a success
Such beautiful photos Sara darling.
Looks glorious.
Happy birthday to ur one and only ikon leader KIM HANBIN all the songs that u composed are masterpiece
do you know how much i love you, you are a life saver man
NEW VLOG with
The best people
t'was a good heart2heart talk rant buddy, til next time!!!
Balayya babu speech chuste coma patients kuda lechi arusthadu
Jai Balayyaa
Te amo tbm
I love you
receiving flowers from the person you love the most at the most unexpected time is the best day ever.
Finally pulling all nighters got some sense
Aw I won't mute it again
What a royal couple inside and out. Diana would be soooo thrilled
:v
Changed my name.
Well done guys and God bless you
Love dis.
Thank you for finishing it safely eat much and enjoy your time i love you our world wide handsome
thankful to say I have this
Thank you dear Princess
Love you
IFB
You know the rain last forever
Swooning over amazing photography .
.
.
I was looking around at fall photography and I
Just
Thumbnail! Testando nova Light e Rig ;)
Caso goste:
That's wonderful!
aw hvala lepotice
Happy 23rd BIRTHDAY to my ray of sunshine I love you chica and so glad to have you in my
All of my life in every season
You are still God
I have a reason to sing
I have a reason to worship
Beautiful
MY FIRST EVER COMEBACK. AND IT'S OT9. THANK YOU FOR GRANTING MY WISH
fuck forrreal ilysm
Oh wow You two are so lovely
Good luck
I am obsessed with my man, ugh just ugh
Sweet baby needs a foster
Minha base! em Helloween
Just wanna say I'm proud of you for speaking up and you're strong for doing so. I wish you all the luck.
Music really my gateway
And OK because everyone needs some sort of random act of kindness. Yours is going to the kitties this year.
Mohh toi aussi jtm fort
happy 18th g baby i love ya lots n super thankful for all the great memories (-; have a fabulous day
The crowd was so good to me
Girl, this gets you a follow. That house is super cute as a bonus. I want to get one for my big dogs lol!
The people BETO!! Watch... Listen... Then VOTE for decency to return to our country again... GO
Please open for retweets snd give details. Thanks
you already know i missed your ass so much dude
been Blessed Beyond Measure! What was a blessing in your life this week?
Have a blessed Sunday!
Thank you Sera.
just because he wanna be with me
GOODLUCK Ate Mich may the force be with you For the crown, For the Philippines and for yourself
Wat am feeling in my heart is True Sunyani
Happy Birthday, I hope be everything you want it to be.
I survive my 1st sem bc of these weirdos
Thank you.
wait
Nandito lang kami for you and Salamat din Meng. Labyu
that. smolder. !!!!!!!!
live your best life
So inspirational this guy
Valentine
This year you're mine neganegadola!
And you, whom will be yours?
Omg , you okay babe ? We can put some money on his head if you wanna .
Happy birthday Carrie.
Happy Birthday again honey
never let it go
BET 1
Deportes Iquique Match FH Over 0.5 Goals
=
Who's in?Click
Allah is the best listener ever Alhamdulilah.
Wait is it really? That's pretty cool actually.
Thanks bud
You did well Taeyeon. I'm so proud. I love you I may not express it as often anymore, but I'll always support
You are so pretty you make them nervous.
te amo princesa
Nice one
Sharing the
Happy Birthday to my niece
Happy Birthday my Leader
Happy birthday iKON's forever leader, Kim Han bin
When money involved, faithful for life
We paying for nails, hair,& eating her pussy 3 times a day in 2019
Life is fair my darling. Everything is or will be equal ;)
Gracias por la foto, eres un crack tio
All love
Salute to mama Sitang for her kind and beautiful heart.
Ok.. I'm very excited for EXO cb .. I feel this era gonna be the best era it's rare for SM spend so much money
I will forever admiring this incredible man also thank you to
RT - brother of the year ,,you're strong
I love German Shepherds!
- VIP
HIT if you want to join VIP!
He said then you have ... my heart... I have such great friends
my beautiful boy, I love his hair
Crazy pupper (Volume on! )
FOLLOW TO SEE THE CUTEST GOLDENS!
Crazy You Forgot About Tayden But Good
Happiest bday to the one of the best Leader in the world, Kim Hanbin.
21.10.18
Cuties ( )
This world is yours for the taking
I love you
OMK!! Oh my kiddy when ur lookin' like that!! Ur eyes..ur lips.... Ur chin... .. Just one
Aww so sweet
Thank you I needed that on this gloomy dang day
Sonntags Sonne.
Tried on a pureboost today and man I swear the comfort and the appearance is deffo a 10/10. Would cop myself a pair soon.
Love it
gwannnn actually really excited for episode of
happy birthday bish
attempting to come back on here but going through a hard time rn so please understand
Defiantly not be the same without Ant xx
Mura ng mura tsk, beb icecream tom ha!! See u aroundgoodluckk sa gamme tttoooommmmm!! Galingannn mooo luh
Happy Birthday a.k.a Thank you for your hard work.
Thankyou fam and Christian for always cheering me up
Thank you!! I love you more
JOYEUX ANNIVERSAIRE DE MA VIE UWU
HAPPY BDAY GENIUS COMPOSER & HARDWORKING LEADER HANBIN!
Aye thanks celeb
always. I never stopped believing. I never will. Love you
A proud people
MI BIAS A REGRESADO
Appreciate it b
my OT9 heart
some days I'm so stressed & snappy but I love you baby girl dedicated to my Slim Dem!
What the cute!
loved u at ur best and still loved u at ur worst
This song is for me Thank you my loves..
the West Ridge approach to Bear Peak! Amazing views, just enough uphill!
Bbh, gusto ko yung pixs mo.. Pwede ma hiram?? Hehe thanks
Damn right
Linda
Thank you, always.
We can meet again soon wait to see you Oppa.
Only 21 days left
So sneaky with the gifts, babe!! Thank you. You are the best part of my days. I love you!!
Where do you want to be in 10 year from now? A dad? More number 1s? Etc.. I love you
Happy birthday cap!
Thanks dear Phyllis I wish a joyful and relaxing Sunday big big hug my dear friend
Baby A my heart in my eyes he do wrong
I miss you. Happy birthday
>>>
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: Tempted black skirt with pink
Happy birthday to my BIas I love you with all my heart thank you for being the best leader
Thank you Cal. It was a hard won fight!
Nothing can match the feel of a girl getting hugged by her father This daddy daughter combo was my frst and
will always have a SPECIAL place in my heart
so sorry for you loss. Please stay strong, sending love to you
Love you
I still do it and gonna be married for almost 3 years now
so excited
perfect date: panera on a sunday morning when everyone else is still sleeping, drinking caramel latte's and just talking
Good Night my princess Wish you a night full of love a peaceful sleep a beautiful dream
I love her lol
Yours truly JAMPI MAN
.
Goodnight
.
Nights of Fright:
Our love for you will never change
I CAN FEEL THAT THIS COMEBACK GONNA BE LIT AF ! EXO
Idk bout' ya'll but i stan them so muchkuyaaaa
da best notif I ever had
Happy Birthday, Princess. I miss you so much, but I know you are still around in your own special way.
That was my favorite year.
NAIIYAK AKO FIRST COMEBACK TO NG EXO NA MAEEXPERIENCE KO TAPOS OT9 PA. LORD I'M BLESSED
Hello everyone!! Have a happy & beautiful Sunday!! they cute? The kings of our heart Sorry
Happy Birthday mate!
Trust is everything
Thx for sharing
Listo
it is great to see a of our after a long time
Thank
:)
Dibujo#3
ParaMi
CostNada
Fav
Rt
Apoyo Para Mas
Beautify your character and others will start looking at you with their hearts and not eyes!
Find more
Fazendo relfexo
I wish that was meeee!
HOJE TEM FLAMENGO
Happy birthday love
My first ever compet done well, thank you lord
The best thing
I'm back from New York & have returned with this amazingly gay tattoo It's still very much healing so
a sucker for your smile happy birthday
And now I'm friend with them and , , I'm so thanksful for it
Don't leave me again Mummy, those wee sad eyes melt me
Belated paaji
The
ThlfcOfficialRT Morgie_89: 8-0, top of the league, clean sheet. Sunday made ThlfcOfficial FAWC_
Check this hot lady
&
Hi Lillian Do you shoot custom videos?
welcome babe
Thee best video see all day!
Sending love and praying for a speedy recovery
Tunisian army ever and forever we love you
RT 1_F_I_R_S_T Retweet & Like this
Follow all retweets & likes
Follow back INSTANTLY
Show Love
karantina dolak 0506 713 53 90 SEKS
Happy birthday my habibi quail! Sending all my love and support to you
I cant believe too Kim Jongdae
Sister
I have to share this every time I see it.
MELHOR COMPANHIA
MY HEART so proud of them!!
Abendglut auf der Aare
Happiness is so temporary, I wanna know what JOY feels like
Sbb tu nak anak 1st lelaki.
So my little man will protect my little princess
Teringat moment aku nangis sebab benda bodoh, and there my heroes n heroine , my brothers.. my lil sis
I
.
.
.
Happy belated birthday kosta love & miss you
yeheyy! u deaerved it mamang!!! please bless me with your power sa aking college entrance exams this week
Six months down
Forever to go I You
7 years together today we shared our bad patches but made it through it all and one thing for sure,
Prince Of Ahly Sunnah
Shaykh Muhammad Hassan Haseeb Ur Rehman..
Missing that day when Justin got surprised by a little dancer in Peru by
happy birthday girl! Hope slip is treating you well, miss you lots!
I kept playing the teaser. Ahh I I love the song so much and finally my baby is together with his boys again
OT9 Kings Are Coming
Grateful for the gang
It always feels so good to take a shower
Good night everyone!!
be scared of monday
Hope you can scare monday instead
I love you so much!!
~~follow for more content~~
Meu cantinho preciso voltar AAAA
Take everything but leave my Twitter
This is sooo fcking tight lol really is for the ppl
Thanks babe xx
DE VER EL TEASER
Who wants to make a 4 man ringer for FNPL league
HOJE TEM ROGER WATERS
Here is me without a tan.. How good is this girl loveportraits100 PLEASE GIVE MY LITTLE PAGE A FOLLOW for
I get to see my bean again on the 30th
honestly, stay by my side is TWICE's best line distribution, all their vocals had their time to shine including non vocal liners
Happy birthday hanbin pacar sejuta umat
Inktober Day 20: Ballerina
Joan on IG Stories
WE ALREADY GET WHAT WE DESERVED, EXO-Ls!!
Staying at drsweetpaws this weekend and we enjoyed some outside time
Martha McSally on immigration, race against Kyrsten Sinema |
Write Hello Julie?
Por isso: DANCEM MUITO! MESMO SEM SABER, SEM TER UMA VAI TE FAZER MUITO BEM! JUST DANCE
Dont Follow such Account (for follow back) whose Following are very less then his Followers
stupid bitch
*fans the flames*
I have just pne reason why i love you... 'you'
happy birthday na krub kim hanbin:) rak na krub
[INFO] 181022 Links to watch teaser 1 for Make sure to leave and
Giants Winn
Thank you
And we're about to beginnnn!
Love that I got these in the mail!
I TOLD YOU ALL IT WAS YIXING!
is a G because she likes all my shit
Omg same though
My babies I miss them so much
let me cry for a moment- my momo
I made beef stew in the slow cooker
A lot to look forward to
Thank you so much!!!
Thanks love
Tatenashi moments 2 - Infinite Stratos Sub English
It's the little things that make me smile
I mithyu, Corpzy.
Bridge of Earn Scotland beautiful scenery Bridge of Earn
Sweetest dreams hon
Wowww!!! Finally an update from our own
KINGS OF KPOP ARE BACK! WELCOME BACK YIXING
HBD PARINEETI CHOPRA
he's like staring into my soul so deep
.. just want a cheeky mention really and be on with my sun bathing in Spain
Ma boi RM
Wisconsin and means the same thing
So sweet! .. thank you for being you!
One of our retailers sharing the for our Nature Trail carpet! Shop the look today for a sophisticated interior
Haha thank u!
YOU KNOW HOW TO LIVE
Happiest Birthday to my lovely friend Mon Have a great day ahead meow meow meow ~
[rpw] today is your birthday boy! Happy birthday to you
Prayers that all these young students are ok !
I know late, but happy one year to my baby always love you through thick and thin
goodnight yorobun~!
My mom is 34 years old today honestly love her with all my heart even though she can piss me off but happy
what they deserve
Miss you too
I love you grams, wish you were here
I have just one reason why i love you... 'you'
happy birthday na krub kim hanbin:) rak na krub
Before my phone dies, tysm for an awesome night we had a blast Good to see u guys
Congrats KenVy
feliz dia, gran mujer
who is this
Happy for you! Recover quickly and well
Feliz
AAAAA LOOK AT US GOING ALL CRAZY AFTER ONE TEASER this is gonna be a good month for us exo-ls
Hi, so uh I kinda want to dom you and then for you to dom me back since we're both switches cause you're
My UB and my favorite new group together in a photo is life
Brigado nenee
Thank you, Kate! See you around UST!!
Happy birthday to cute leader!!
He's on twitch celebrating his birthday
miss out on new posts on my main account follow me at itskpax itskpax itskpax
Ilysmm!! About to watch it now!! One thing, plz check my pinned tweet!! Love youuuu
Beauty
Woof woof!
Mushroom
Bebes
We feed your families with the same food that we grow to feed ours
we love you so much
lauren german
I have just started getting into IKON so I didn't knew it was Hanbin's day
And btw he is my Bias so far
When i get 50 followers gonna give the account away no put that on God
Thread The Needle Pose. A pose that is good for the spine.
I wish my friends from America a nice Sunday morning, and my friends from Europe a nice Sunday evening
fallin all in you and oh, yaa so pretty and handsome congratsss
one of the best. you always listen to all my problems, which thankful for hihi sorry kun may nayakan
I love Sam Smith
Happy birthday hanbin
Growth has been mad recently, thanks ft
at least i'm the first for something. hello, read my poem and follow our account
He is the best
[ ]
Babe
The schedule is finally over
And I missed you
My lips missing you more, it said
+2 Domingoooou
Do you want to meet me ? probably never see this, but I really want to meet you Love you
Asawa ko to jkshemmayy gwapoooooooo that Jawline thooo
We are friends, we are sisters
India gate can you spot it ?
Sayangnyaaa kat my heroes May Allah protect them always and let them be in the Jannah.
I soft Hollstein kisses
HAPPY BIRTHDAY LUV! GOD BLESS YOU! I LOVE YOU!
I LOVE it! Maya is just the coolest
bom dia meu bb, bom trampo p
OT9 is happening.
Such a good night yiiieeee may inspiration na para bukas
feliz mi eterno rebelde
Sundays will forever and always be for love
Good night, Mom! Thanks a lot for being such a good caretaker for us all. I love you. Loooots.
MAYBE ONLY GOOD THINGS HAPPEN TO YOU HANBIN AH STAY HEALTHY AND HAPPY
And I expect at least three videos from you regarding the subject!
i want to be close with you awe im touched, im one dm away gurl!!! lez be friends
Great interview we had an amazing time ,love my Eastern people the love & support for Salone music over
Kanna Kamui
LOVE
LOVE
LOVE YOUR NEW EP
Cant wait for this Day
You both
Bang hot babes
carton porn cumshot surprise fuck my pussy kind porn
Obgd Nathaly
Ayyyy
Happy Birthday the voice that lift & carry the people above & beyond Hope Freedom Justice Dignity
I'm not crying, I just got a "best teammates ever" in the eye
you are the reason
happy birthday to my precious quail guy
Thanks bestie I love you so so much
thanks chief you absolutely right
Text me if you want
When says the things I think . I loveee it
Switch primero
Best pics
smile
Bros -
Nandamuri family
U r so lovely come to Korea
KingB is more than that.
Happy Sunday You!
Sending you lots of and light this week! Cobb County, Georgia
Thanks for all the support Personas by Draftbit on
I love them
Abrazo enorme, de otra
thank you Sam for taking care of them both
EXO The 5th Album
MESS UP MY Concept Short Film
2018.11.2 6PM (KST)
.
Finally OT9 come back
Today from 5pm-7pm at
Thank you baby
Ive been singing bday song on loop
Happy birthday !!!!!
Treats from my dear aunt
Inspiration
I can only hope to follow in your distinguished footsteps!
Me too but I miss his smile too
isso.
Beautiful, kindness and friendly
Thank you.
Thank you! Excellent info.
Aww thank you! I hope I can get tix
UWU
Many happy returns, Janet. Have a fantastic day, and night.
You're as young as you feel, so have a great 25th birthday
Im ready for exo comeback
Sending love your way
Thank you!!! It was amazing!!!!
What do you think about The Chronicles of
Go exol.. This is our moment
Yk fuckin with you If my daughter like you
And we are OFFFF!
I'm literally glued to my TV set and your page!
Bring it onnnn!
U beauty! Our saviours
Ot9 isss reallyyy backkkkk!!!
If you want someone to court you from parkhomes who would that guy be? Be specific on his name HALAAAAAAA
lol
from Baltimore
boa sorte pra tu e boa prova!!!!
These earrings vary in prices from $7-$10 a pair.
They are all beautiful
They all are free shipping!
And can
Love you
You slow down then you speed up. Everyone, fasten your seatbelt because gonna drive us crazy.
Dokonalost
YASHH OT9 IS REAL AERIES
Carat Bong
We are friends, we are sisters
India gate can you spot it ?
shalom to you all
Freut mich
Good night baby babon, I love you
Happy Binday, Leadernim!!!!!
stay true, stay you. i love you.
Fine ass puppy come here !!
Ergh! I'm hyped!! I love you!
OT9
HI LITTLE!!!! Your day one gift is down in the common room
thank u
Queen
Wag na u masyado kabahan next mallshow!!! Hihi thank youuu.
Yes you are love you so much
First ever event na napuntahan ko to! I'm so happy. This is home. ADN is my family.
For my big sis with all my love tickles sis macks snouts macks tummies rolls in furs away, bellows
IFB with
.
Anything makes me feel happy
to Tori and Elmo spreading "Kindness"
There yuh go my boy live ur dream... I'll always support you .. Insha'Allah
Perfect occasion for it! it! Thanks for sharing!
I'll try!
Happy birthday, Hanbinah I wish nothing but happiness and the best for you. Thanks for being the father in
Alegran mis
"I'm only giving you this one chance to see me from this angle. You better enjoy it while you can"
to spank
Look at them i am falling even again
I mean it is OT9 & a comeback what do we need more
I know that plan for me is much greater than my own
happy birthday to my bias hanbin thank u for taking care of our boys and for being such a dope composer!!! i'm
All we need Is
.
.
.
.
At
Some days I wake up pretty as hell . Like just wake up instantly looking refreshed and beautiful naturally
Worth the wait
IFB with
.
Wow Cheers for you in today
And You look so lovely
One of the best co-op games ever played!
Happy birthday to hanbin the best leader in the world
Lauren got a mans amd know how to actttttt happy for her
from
My mom has just been GLOWING lately
Chucky
.
.
.
.
hii i just want to say really bautiful haha i love your selfies Selfies? My arsd?? AAA thank uuu
I this.
+++ all the accounts of exo See youuu!!
Para vos Silvita
yay love you both so much
Do not teach your children violence as a way to get people to do what you want. Teach them love. 8/8
Welcome back! Hope you had a great time
I sure do! X
talk, tweet!!! my kinda party
Happy birthday Zan Zizzle ulonwabele usuku lakho and may God grant your heart's desires
bought me two subway sandwiches, a takoyaki and lots of cookies. Thanks baby
I liked a video VLOG# lich
Bliss
Thanks Dear
it's so sad but soon we will be together again
MELINA FELIZ DE LA MADRE , SI SOY RE DENSA PERO BUENO ES LA VIDA ARRE
Hoy es el todo listo
Smile is the most expensive gift that you can give to someone.
Have a lovely day
Oftentimes, actions speak louder than words
this is so scary prayers for everyone affected
goodnight <3 i love harry and hope he had a great day and a great tomorrow
Strength, and love?
when he whispered thank you bc he sang and we did for him
IFB with
,
Thank you kind Sir.
I pray everyone is alright
my homie
happy birthday!! Hope a good one
give you a message!
don't act like you don't care about my hunger
Thank you baby
Hiiiiii please take my heart
They make such a cute looking couple
Do you think it will be a baby Prince or Princess though?
meu amor
Miss Gamma Sigma Sigma
MUA:
Thanks And the really amazing part is 2 days later, still hearing from him I did share
Thank you
Perfect!! &
Halloween party Gig lezgooooo
Para malungkot yung audience
Jennie deserves better. Goodnight Everyone
Again, this is why we love sports
My Favorite Holiday Christmas Coming Up So Excited
I LOVE
Olha pra foto filho
Vinyl ...Baby One More Time em
Happy birthday! Cutiee binnie
Bride Olawumi
Event planner bankysuevents
Outfit
a great person with even a greater personality
I love your new video
page 7 & 8 -
NEW EDITORIAL! Got Game
Styling by maggiejarecki
Beautiful picture Jay Have a wonderful Sunday
Merci Namjoon, merci BTS come next year, we'll wait
[INFO] is trending number 4 and Kim Hanbin is trending number 5 on Philippines trends.
STRESS BUT EXCITED
please dm
Finally!! Get to cosplay the Inkling Girl from Splatoon now!!
girl you go through a lot lately. sending my love to ya!
Lo mejor que hoy
Mood
Tuesday!
just wanted to say thank you for helping me though the toughest times, much love to you
I miss you my dear brother I miss you so very much How I wish to see you and you are in the best case I was at
Luv you toO RM
Y'all his eyebrows is
lots of love to this man! iloveyou! happy birthday!
Sending prayers
Roma
Houd vol. Succes voor allebei.
ja!! super pretty mashallah
It's all about timing I trust u my lord that u will lead me to happiness and success
I'm fully satisfied nw
Good Morning Enjoy your Saturday! - SEE U SOON
Happy Anniversary!!
It continues to amaze me when people on the left and supposedly reporters and or retweet
Happy Birthday to iKON's (@YG_iKONIC) talented leader, Hanbin
Honestly seeing Connor having a smile on his face when with Luce makes me very happy because happy and he deserves to be happy
Happy birthday nephew
Yeheeeey, I have my fan account na
That guy is from my district. I will vote for in November. done with MacArthur.
Love you long time lex!! Thank you sis
That was beautiful, thank youuu
Pushing now will make you need to pull a lot harder later
I support this and anything else that makes you feel whole or at least hurt less.
Bem plenaa
Thanks EXO, like always, EXO gave us more that what we expected. I love kings
not sure how long The Green Mile has been on Netflix but it makes my heart happy that it is
I love the enough
Me parece hermoso
Ofcourse! You deserve it
old asf but
Anbe Selvi Mess
Patriots losing today
New header, because i want to keep this beautiful words from my lovely ones forever..
dois pra sempre.
Cis people today : gOoD MOrNing
Me: i swear to god i will tear both your arms off
MOM
Player of the match
Family
I love him happy
Happy Birthday
Athidhi on
God loves you, God needs you
Thank you for making my evening better
Family is forever
Happy birthday Hanbinaa Thank you for being a great producer and leader for Be happy and stay healthy
i am so sorry for you you deserve this
I need all these gifs ..some one please download and send it me
Me too
My beautiful world-traveller i love you so much
Happy Birthday to my princess and general!
So true!
make love with our thoughts of love peace and prosperity
I will be listening for sure really really happy for you. be great, right up your street xxxxxxx
I'm so happy for all of you, you are becoming every day in even greater artists. I love you
MY KING
Both of them very cute
YES! FOR ALL OF US! Century City, Los Angeles
he was dressed as a snowman
Roy all of them can go except him
Thank you sis I love you more
BEST PERFORMANCE EVER CT WAS BLESSED
Happy Birthday to our precious leader
my no jam bros i love you both
De ontem
My handsome boy, I love him
My niece & me,
so proud of this tall bundle of joy p.s. Jimin in the back being dramatic
always ate
You need to watch the David Tennant series! Tenth Doctor
Single people often have a fantasy about what loves like
NAIIYAK AKO HOYYY SHEEET OT9
One of the truest statements! Forever the BEST
hello, daily reminder that i adore you and i appreciate everything what u are doing for us
Bom dia bbs
Escargot
Un Beau P'tit Bout d'histoire Magnolia Pearl Loooooove Magnolia
My World
And successfully chased target
IND WON
Happy birthday my inspiration.
detector xD you made my evening with that art hahaha sooo cute and funny
Happybirthday my Friend! Love u so much , thanks for all, isayweinfeld
how I slurp on your nipple ... oh I love
Boa sorte
Family
This story...but this young perseverance is unreal the power of sports is unbelievable sometimes!
rvd smpre
Temporary Cash Assist
Job Opportunities
Medicaid
Food Stamps
Public
from laurieromero_us -
Double Tap and Tag SOMEONE who needs to SEE THIS!
------------------
Sound The Trumpets BLove
God demanded a perfect sacrifice.
It was NEVER us.
HIS SMILE IS PRICELESS
how have you managed to stay so humble
The SEC trying to help Bama out any way possible, now White will miss the first half of that game against the Tide. The SEC Bama
That's how it should be. You're an amazing mother, and any one who knows you can see that; and you're very welcome
Grace and Frankie
That is soooo sweet!
Wow! I am very grateful! Just hit 500 followers on Spotify! Thank you everyone!
that was yixing ohhhhhh
11 more days until my brother is on to the next journey.. I love you, wait to see you
a big boy now! Jiejie loves u very much
ugh Kim Hanbin, one heck of a human being!
We had some extra ice today! And we loved it
Thanks for the photos
Thank you sis
Happiest birthday to you, Kim Hanbin
Our quailbin,
Our tigerbin, (ik ya hate dis)
Our leaderbin,
Our godbin
a special place in hell for people who braai on Christmas
Chilly but sun is back !!! Still nice weather for a walk
cheer up you can fight this!
Happy Birthday Queen
hehe
Pre derby
LOVE buying Christmas and birthday presents for my friends
Beauty
Been told it's a Falklands island fox
You text and I instantly smile.
Best wishes for who and your family Kimberly.
:(((( I help it but why I love
My baby shower was beautiful thank you to everyone that came out to the shower, my gifts was beautiful!
Grax hermanita you make my feel happy, seguido ILY
Agreed
Good night, they are so cute
Je nous souhaite vraiment tous parmis les habitants d' Al Jannat Firdaous this world really aint worthy. Really.
Thank u
Congrats! And thank you man, appreciated
Tv bar white vie
It's already been 6 years with him I want to cry My boy deserve the whole world
which song from all your albums is your favourite? I love you deserve better
But that girl isn't bora. Doesn't looked like her. But we still all know that she went
Ya Allah. You show me your power thank you Allah.
Favourite sing in the history of the world
working ahead, worry guys (saxoki)
Happy Birthday mama Feli
Cuz that shit is not cute!!! You deserve to be treated the way you want
Thank you for taking the time to be with your ADN fam. Though not there, my ADN heart is so
Happy birthday
Baby is 11 months old today.
Sunday night, just got home from work. Thankful for the blessings today
I cannot love this enough
Fresh harvest Spinach, , Green Onions and
Goodnight rai love you baby
Happy birthday to my one and only Kim Hanbin!!! You are the cutest bub on earth and an inspiration to many people
omg thats so awesome, congratulations you two!! you deserve it so much
-
hmn since free now
let me send some packages
read the thread below for more info.
why reaching her goals! true to herself and only going after what she wants
Drake - shut it down
Oh, here comes my sweet death.
One of the best CB to ever play for United. He gave it his all in the red shirt. Happy birthday Nemanja
Happy Sunday (art by
hi hello thank you for the motivation hahaha badly needed ako na lang magssmile sayo sa school HAHAHAHA thnxxx
Take time to cherish you...
Goodmorning
thank you so much!!
my two beautiful little buddies who just got their books! These sisters are amazing!!! Not only are
Getta a tight sleep and have a sweetest dream
You're one of the greatest treasures in my life
Meu instituto
Really beautiful
Wna Ba7bk
W 7apit L Message gdn.. w asfr kteer p'a
Breaking the stereotypes.
Mohammad making roti for her sister.
He's my 6 years old cousin.
Why all such cute
Me!
wait for Birmingham!!! And Manchester!!!!
melhor show da tff ontem
be sad! At some point in life we all have to deal with hard times.
okay!
be fine!
You can do it!
I know
October 22 ,1996. Ikonic's boyfriend was born.Happy Birthday my love
pede kitang maging crush kase UR SOOOO SWEET GORL AND SMART AND PRETTY like u have the sweetest hearteu
"Fuck" him (pun intended) you dont need that mess in your life
Adorable
Evening dress model 103854
ONLY $57.99
FREE SHIPPING U.S & Europe
Visit our online store
You are good enough!
Happy birthday my inspiration.
wait for my nephews christening
i AM GOING TO SCREENSHOT EVERYTHING I CAN TMR :> goodnight
People fall in love in mysterious way
Happy birthday BI please stay safe and healthy
May our GOD bless you more We love you
welcome boo you realized the issue and fixed it, the first step to being great
Wow..
Kisu thank you for taking care of us like you can. You're like our oldest brother We love you so much
Goodnight babe I love you!
Grave hein !!! Merci
I know how I got so lucky
Te sigo llenando de amor hermosa
Tell matty I love him or scream in ur ear
Mushy nights with this one
so pretty!!!!!!! happy birthday again!
If you need an alternative to going door to door or invite, be my guest City on a
WOOOOOAAAAAA I REALLY LIKE THEIR ENDING POSE
This is Ollie gently loving his catnip Ollie is 24!
Thanks
You had teary eyes on your Insta live. What was the reason? Hope we didn't hurt you in any way.
The world needs to see this beauty of glasses
Trending worldwide!!! Daebak
Cool can't wait
Meu lindo -
Very cool device!
I'm glad you have the support, and are finding the strength, too get through this.
Me too!
Chiclete
Not Son We want Fury
wow mahn have a blessed Sunday . From me and God .
happy B.I-day to the not so baby leader we're of the same age already! hooray to 96x love you BIBI!
India won by 8 wickets
Apaixonada por mim
god bless your soul
Thank you God for blessing me to see another day
Valentine
This year you're mine vdxil!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Life is beautiful
cutiie hanbinie~
Happy Birthday!
Yes you are~ our... one and only Kim Hanbin!
happy birthday! Again and again! Thank you for all your hard work. Saranghae
best moment spent together?
I ALMOST FORGOT HUHUHU
HAPPY 23rd BIRTHDAY HANBUN I LOVE U CANT WAIT TO SEE U ON NOV 1!!!!
Congrats to all the winners at Well deserved
Three events this coming week, yay!
pray for me
m a h a l k o
Love this!
ce a q eu mais encho o saco
What a clever little guy
Appreciate it round
Je Hatem
Kyeopta! Kawaii~ Cute this melt my heart
Happy happy birthday Whitney!!! Hope your momma spoils you extra good today!!!
sterkerds.
I'd love to see his reaction.
AKSKLALDJBDAK
I love this nigga so much my rock
Nss
Obg
falling in love with his voice so damnn
Juntos somos power
Gracias por tanto.
thank you darl
Thank you so much
let this memories stay forever
ME MUERO AKSKLALDJBDAK
This man is here to kill me by ripping me in to pieces
Good Afternoon Jackie
Have a great Sunday
closest mutual? rane,shayla,wyn,jo,gun and many more !!!
A gulp of wine at church .
ah mdss, obgg
Happy birthday beautiful
I love you boy so much
Kiki do you love me are you riding
A real honour to meet at yesterday! Thank you so much for coming!
Sign up
Hookup
No CC Needed
My boy Happy Birthday!
so sorry about the cake. I
Happy birthday I've always looked up to you let's continue to love and support our boys I
If you need anything please let me know!
What babe what's going on
Sending love and hugs
blessed
great Janae!
Chats with my bestie heal me so so blessed to have this kinda friend in this day and age...the consistency in
Why is it man of the match and not Men of match?
Can RohiRat share this MOM award? Pretty please
happy birthday hanbin
when with you nothing else matters
So adorable
our tb pics just made my day again
T'ES UN ANGE C'EST TOUT
Sword art online season 3 sawakas
Whoop whoop
I love the both of you so very much.
Oh hai guys just walking around my house naked after my shower showing off my pepperoni nipples like and
ESTOY REALMENTE MUERTA!! AKSKLALDJBDAK
Tahar Rahim
Trop fort ce mec
De ontem pab
This is the album that made me love music. Thank you
Happy 4 year anniversary
smut cek dm side acc kamu okay? thankies
i wana take pictures with somebody i love
I love you so much
Somehow i can feel that special to me
Me vuelves loca de amor
Everybody needs a man
-
happy birthday to my true love
Fine geh
wtf u are so cute the love is mutual
6
Thank you. Thank you for everything
Happy birthday EXOKON
Hayyss huli sa aktong pakielamera love you sis
Glad that you do.
Magnolia Pearl La P'tite Chic 1 Available in Store
Ballet Cuatro Compases
Segundo Festival de Tango de Almirante Brown
Love you both
Just found out that has this cute emoticon uwu
Oh no. I hope you feel better soon.
Pray before you sleep
Went on a walk and then crawled back into bed, happy Sunday
WANNABLES FIGHTING
Truly my best friends- love you guys
Sauli, I am so very sorry to learn of the loss of your beloved dad. Sending you a warm Arizona hug
Another Round of Hump Day Because of Reasons
please be happy always
Thank you Bts
happy birthday thank you for your music
WANNABLES FIGHTING
it!
I LOVE YOU MAHAALLL
Nice so exited
Same to you and those adorable kids!! Happy Sunday!!
wait for their comeback 2018.11.2
So happy for her
Thank you
Amazing artists! Thanks though
always you know it
My boy Happy Birthday!
so sorry about the cake. I
I appreciate you
So perfection
This thread is important
Hi there. Thank you for following me.
My heart!
suppted my man DK
Fvrt Apiyaan on Twitter
My man loves his brothers so much am so proud of him
praying everything is okay love.
Doglover
Imma really sleep now lol
Goodnight loves
Keim & Bray both texted me beautiful they are really the best
Dear friends, thank you for helping me out. Maliit man na bagay yon for you but it really means so much to me. Love y'all.
-raineey
Breakfast with the YG post baby shower.
Looking forward to meet her My Pachelbell girl
Aiden is truly a blessing idk where I be if he in my life
Happy birthday to my other mom you
Hello to my soul trying to stay alive after this vid !
Happy birthday to my love you so much big 23 shit lol got me by 2 years want you live it up today let
hanbbinn
brilliant playlist my lady! Much Respect - I thank YOU
Thank youuuuuuu is amazing and everyone should commission them!
IT. ORDERING MY COFFIN FOR NOVEMBER 2ND.
Thanks brother mad love for that
Okay, fine...
There's only one sentence of lyrics.
I'm extremely excited about their comeback!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KIMHANBIN
yeah well, fuck him. ur perfect the way you are!
thank you for the RT love
In case you have a little time, look at this
Looked what popped up on my feed!
October is the month of awareness of Down syndrome
on IG Stories
Happy birthday to the backbone of Please rest on your day, always be healthy bby. Thank you for the
Pretty amazing story
saw this sa fb
Valentine
This year you're mine vdxil!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Retail therapy the whole day today
You have to! Such an amazing show Lynn.
Thank you for take care of me
huaaaaa They're gonna be back soon
baby you and me real
Follow my new account?
Special thanks to THE BIGGEST LOVE. BTS!
So show me, I'LL SHOW YOU
You respect & love you Keilah
Always
i miss you
$
Michael Jackson
We paying for nails, hair,& eating her pussy 3 times a day in 2019
happy birthday space princess
hi i like your section kase daghan gv ppl then naa sad koy close friends diha then stay strong mo ixo! yiee
All I know is that, I have a fake smile
9 months with this man
Suga sii
You own my heart
We love you so much!
it was a wonderful night!
Thanks love we can't get in to see the specialist until December.
Okay love
Fun at the park this morning!
Teejay Bella & Vienna message for KV was so cute
Always a fan of you
Keep pushing, in the end it will all make sense
My wedding song
Thankyou yoon you are the best
Uhmm I just wanna say that I like your hair >< hehet
Happiness
:
Girls, remember that, it's okay to have :
* Stretch marks
* A tummy
* No thigh gap
* Thick thighs
* Body hair
* Scars
You BAE
in my sexy PJs
Schedule for this week
West
Sunday 10-8
East
Tuesday 10-8
Thursday 10-10
so happy see Yixing! My exo heart is now complete.
hello fall finally wearing my the last kiss muffler! its such a beautiful red i love it
MAGA
This, is, perfect...
Awww... my is Ty.
Husband? yesss he isss
Very touching for these awesome policemen to support little Liam on his last chemotherapy
Awwww thank u
Legit.
Actress Yamini Bhaskar launches Cellbay
The post Telugu Actress Yamini
LOOOK AT MY SONNNNNN. Lets go boy
FP is still my favorite fansite
most memorable moment with ur cousin?
Valentine
This year you're mine ssadts!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
And the victory pics keep coming in.
smiles of our
PC ~
I know for sure you're going to love Cheryl Blossom
Jongdae's voice
I hope he enjoys his retirement.
If you plan on texting me please say your name I have a lot of numbers saved.. thank you have a wonderful day everyone!!
car
Lmaoooo we love you
3 ...
LOVE YOUUUUUU!!!
Hot pregnant blonde playing with herself
Cimer
Our great leader, Hanbinie
Wicked - Akira and Drake in perfect threesome
My baby coughed a few times I hope shes not getting ill
You know supporting you all the way
i love how some of the wannables are also exo-ls i luv u
I Cum
She's in Yanga is in and I shall vote again to ensure that she's always safe
OHMYGOD!!! THE KINGS ARE COMING FOR US!!! THANK YOU MY KINGS!!!! OT9
Im so happy for you Mon
FELICIDADES
Bae Watch
I believe in you~I believe in you
The God of miracles
Melly-Mel
Sos hermoso me mataste
cannot believe I met you waiting for my girls
NEWCODEISLAND PASS! Island Royale - Beta
god I love them so much (the car moving, chill)
comecei, inclusive
I love you too.
I couldn't ask for a better person to be in my life, whether it's as my wife or as my GBF.
This... The best part of IV
Quito
precioso
i hope he fully recovers soon so he can come back i miss him so so much
Sempurna - // beautiful just the way you are
Thank you
favorite human
Things and people. But thank you
[Album Preview]
.
(I DO LOVE YOU) - this song is giving me so much feels, i'm so proud of
wow. this poem. is lucky to have in this issue
Happy birthday sweetie,
Thank you
I don't think so.
I am to freaking excited to be talking to you I guess.
It have been such a long time.
This is the cutest thing seen.Congrats
[Album Preview]
.
MYSELF - gives me All In and shoulder roll choreo feels
.
.
Love this
Goodbye, we had an amazing time, mainly because of the wonderful people we met, Trekkies are gorgeous folk!
Happy Birthday Kimberly always be on your side
Amo vcs
Your the best
If you ok just make sure you have (protein, fat & fiber) before your splurge. Happy
Whyyyyy so pretty beshy?
mic check 1 2, happy b.i day!!!
- theo faved another one of my tweets (27.09.18)
I understand that sort of day. Love you friend You are a beautiful badass woman
Happy Birthday, my love! Thank you for all your hardwork! I wish you all the happiness in this world! I love you
Mi playerita favorita
own te love
Do what you must just know you deserve it
Thank you for existing
Her smile
We wish you the best kim hanbin. Sending my biggest love to you
I love this song so much
WE ARE ALL THERE
chaeyoung is so adorable
Absolutely love Benny Hill. Maybe really an alien in MIB, like Elvis and just
Terluv
GOALS
till the end of time, it will always be you
They look scared I hope they will be happy
Legends
Good
I love our President! Read the comments, these people are completely clueless.
Happy birthday
Irmandade
Happy birthday hope you have/had/having a beautiful day bby boi
Congratulations ..so sorry that we could not make the event. We are wishing you much success!
Precious
Lmao I just didn't realize you were so close to me!! I'm out in this neck of the woods!
friends who are watching TNTB: please support dachang boy and BBT member Li Zhijie!! an incredible vocalist
hi lol i absolutely love makeup maybe you can dm me or something love to help you out
14 mins to go!
Come Through With The Body Looking Like A Hottie
Filho de vhope
been way too long & so glad that they are coming back time to spam all about EXO
Aww now thats love
Funny fast and efficient.
I miss you more Jay smile bibi
I love him
Via
Swiped this photo from one of the best in the
Thank you so much
good sis . Thanks for checking
Squad
We this.
Okay. Hope life is good dear friend
Hope you guys are doing well and keeping the nerves to a minimum! Congrats
2pm
Snsd
Got7
Stray kids
Bp
Big 3 stan
going to take me 2 days to recover from homecoming but my heart is so full
one of the sweetest
Love you
So cute
te amo ao infinito e
A massive superfan moment to meet at yesterday! Thank you so much for coming!
Happy birthday !! Wish you the beeeeest. Miss u!
our children are our future
l u v
I picked up the candy corn flavor.
My boys
me encanto
To thank you for your
TEMPO CONCEPT SHORT FILM
Listening to Trevor Nelson on bbc radio1extra playing old skool tunes he's killing it
FRIENDZONED AKO NI KUYA RAFA EH
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA PERO TINANGGAP NIYA GIFT KO
ANG SAYA KO TALAGA
Pay respects to the greatest songwriter to walk this earth, Elliott Smith.
never gonna know you now, but
Breakfast w/mom and dad Jelly
I love you
Merci ma vie
Happy Birthday to our Charismatic Leader Kim Hanbin you're so precious til then and now thankyou for making
tailgate tingz.
My Luv.
You're the best
Day w/ BAE! via
Iam So Happy For This Person. I Love You So Much
here for you too and appreciate that!
Today we're very happy
1010- one of my faaavvvsss , a friend ,cousin & a sister before every thing , alwayss there for me , prouuuddd of you
Evento de Dead by Daylight
chiquis!
Definition of LIFE
Ily
Happy Birthday Thinking of you today,
Thank you
Mendigata
..
October is the month of awareness of Down syndrome
She sent me this. Awww I miss you so much I love you from Philippines to Italy. See you soon.
You're welcome
Happiest Birthday our Hanbin!
Thank you
nvm, I got my transcript fixed
I love talking to my mom on the phone
wish me luck pouty bby hng do my best for u
How sweet! Thank you
te amo
DL and BP collab is amazing and perfect
Kim always cute thank you for your amazing gifs
Happy 10 months with my baby pics will be posted later
Best cure for a migraine trying to start up? Couch. Coffee. Young Victoria.
Evento de Dead by Daylight
chiquis!
Love watching this over and over.
I'm really happy you tweet about that Liam, thank you so much
Np ty too
Good night fam
Babba just texted from India where he is helping the final set up of a new youth club for disadvantaged kids. I'm so proud
There are faster, more effective, better... but Group B is Group B!
my ot9
Thought share her photo with you of her in her outfit stay awsome Vicki!!!! We love you!
Buenos
my song
Buenos
wonshik AND cat pics!! hope you feel better
The only motive for this position is so both can watch! True romance
Mag-abang ako want to relive the concert feels! Beebo so cuuuute!!
Advance happy birthday to my emo galra boi
Have fun tonight!!!
hey Everyone if you're going through something you'll get through this
agradecer friozinho
I cannot forget the call you made on that day
Paige
Thanq Bro
This is why I love you
THE FANS NEED MORE FOR CHONI
ERES UN HOMBRE MUY HERMOSO
Words to live by!
Fotos das meninas performando no
(via: )
: crucifixion.
.
.
the crucifixion still the cruelest but also the most artistic death penalty that
uyy thankyou lablots
My miguelfortytimer Rewind by Decades
Hahaha ofc it can wait! Priorities first don't listen to our little wolf
happy birthday hope doing well big dawg
Advice to 18 years self Men are trash. Please take your time
You guys are fokin INSANE! Lots of love for all members!
Thank you for the freebies for
I STAN BABE
Wisconsin Wrangler!! Lol
IT'S ALWAYS YOU NA
Happiest birthday to our most precious leader!!!
Happy birthday habinie!
One of the happiest
Thank u
fighting. Thanks for all your wishes and prayers.
your day been I love you
playing spotify on late nights
thank u kups, loveyou too
My favorite photos of Hanbin
Yoga class with after looooong day
VA:
FL:
SD:
RI:
A grand spectactle for a grand actor, definitely ~!
YES LIAM
LLEGAMOS A LOS 45M EN A BAILAR!!!
VAMOS POR
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KIMHANBIN
I have a few on my pile, took ages to get to the first xxx
I'm sure we've all seen the video the lovely lady and her side of the story
You cute or whuteva
Irmandade
Lmaooo take couple shots for ya
Trending at No. 4 and 5 in PH HAPPY BIRTHDAY, KIM HANBIN!
we sure having a great day so far hope the same for you and ur family
Clicked fr u
6 meses de Davi
Done your turn
Just casually posing under the 2am moon with my babes
Photo by Bo.
The purrinator doing her thing.
so happy for my angel momo
YESSS SAY IT LOUD MR. PAYNE
Anche io
My baby sister is my whole entire heart
My weekend really was fun
OMG THANK YOUUUU
You encouraged me to watch. It seems very interesting. I can't wait to watch it
Coke Star
Hello. Please retweet my pinned tweet.
Wedding of the season
DE
Bongiorno Callei y Poshei
!!!!
Waldoooo y wandaaa
The power of love
Our VPK class collected money this morning to send to Disaster Relief! So proud of them
Really miss you
truly one of the most inspiring person alive, find someone better to look up to
Ame mi
happy 22nd birthday Kim Hanbin, i hope you have the greatest day. i love you so much
-
a while ago ilytwo!!!
Twitter se ve muy lindo hoy
Thank you all for listening! just getting started!
Hashtag iKONIC
Looks beautiful
wait
This is why marrying Jose
Thank you so much
Stewww
Up (I heard it for the first time in Sense8, stop listening to it)
One fantastic lady
Thank you love!
Good advice
Thank you so much love I appreciate it.
i just saw it thanks!
This woman I love, Chai you'll eat my money mama
New video!!!!!
Hey, thank you eonni! thanks a loooot! I love you so much and always! i'm happy for being your soulmate. May
One of twitter's kindest souls
been blessed for the things that happened these past few days. sobrang happy ko na talaga!
Bff
Omg she is just toooo cute!
RT Minecraft
FAV Fortnite
Teena Marie will forever be a Goddess!!!! Lady T forever
Belated happy birthday Ed!!!
All you hear from this crowd are the Palace fans.
I saw you, with me.
en Plaza Pelicanos Grand Beach Resort
-Grace
Happy Birthday Stefan!
Gracias.
Country has the most beautiful love songs
Happiness
and you my little angel ily both sm
Thank you
Siempre la sonrisa
Autumn Reading perch Coffee = best idea for a garden room
Hit FOR A FREE CHALLENGE!
The Red Wall
A beautiful and legendary woman was born today.
Happy Birthday hope you are having a wonderful day and are spoilt with happiness, love you lots!
TODO AMOR DO MUNDO POR ESSES FDP
I'm sooo proud of our China Sheep
Happy Cookie!
Ahh so amazing so far!! finally watching it!!
Yanga is the best every week
Feliz dia a mi mama
Happy 22nd birthday, pugs! Love you so so so much
pc to me bitch
Love in all sizes!! Sylvie!
XIUMIN HYUNG!!!!
OUR PRECIOUS UMIN HYUNG IS LOOKING SO HANDSOME AS ALWAYS!
CAN'T WAIT TO SEE THE WHOLE MV
So so proud of you. Need to see you again and give you the biggest hug
Manchester, Connecticut
Where are you there? I live about 45 mins from the Beacons.
a firm believer of affirmations and I believe that too
ko follow kren she's new & she'll follow back everyone must follow her
Morning Love Have a great sunday and as always for you
- theo tweeted me twice and faved 3 of my tweets in the same day!!!! (03.10.18)
Yeah, Baby.
YES BABY YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS TELL'EM HONEY TELL'EM I'M SO PROUD OF YOU UGH! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH
last night was a night to remember.
Proud of you my baby
Una de sus presentaciones favoritas. "Only love can hurt like this"
Thank you.
Much appreciated, please DM if you'd like to
gorgeous babies
carregadinha kkk, adoro vc
Ohooo
Why was the cow scared at Halloween? He was a cow-herd! Cow costume still bringing fun to our family!
I really want a cute daughter now. hmmm
ah que bom, esta melhor?
I am obsessed with song of Raaz reboot hai
I'll see you guys on Thursday!
with him
+ =
You're amazing
And i bought this one from
I love all of them. Tq so much dear
Halloween came early this year Happy Birthday again Jasmine & Sennha Much Love from us!!
I just seen an sticker and I want to G A G
If u thot pregnancy was hard, breastfeeding is harder, exhausting & painful. Eat an extra plate per meal, exercise & rest with ur baby.
No doubt. I rate the hustle
had a perfect ending !!! Everyone who says otherwise simply understand it
True friendships can last forever
Long weekend thanks NZ holiday. Happy Labor Day!
Are you closer to your mum or your dad?? I love you
I love this man with all my heart again happy birthday to my baby
I added a video to a playlist SUPERHERO BABY HAS A COLD SUPERHERO PLAY DOH CARTOONS FOR KIDS
I never been so proud of my hero
Feliz a todas por
Sooo ready to see my brothers
Snuggles & laughter are a cold Sunday morning are the best.
I girls who masturbate
Am apreciat un videoclip pe Flat? No Problem, This Elf's Cute and Legal!
All of them
chou
I miss youu so much
Happy birthday to the most hardworking.talented . Humble. Selfless human being Hanbin thank you for always
My Little Rnr
thank You Lord
It was very tasty!
I love you follow please
Yanga always comes through
Updates!
Day five of the well project . This means so much to all of us for sure.
Hoooookeyyy hit
every posts for hanbin makes me cry i love u ikonics!!! ty for loving our leader
Nighty
You are amazing I love you
robin_rose.cosplay (get_repost)
{{ One day, become a PRO-HERO }} Today I propose you a Momo
Love my necklace Erin made for me! Filter fun with my Little..
"sembrate" (Cit.) TUTTO!!!
feed you fruit any time
Oh my God it really has been 2 years since we had a comeback with Yixing... wow.. it's soo good to see after that long
Thread
I was 2 tired last night but HOCO w my luvs
Those were the days!!!
Beauty!!
Thanks liam, thanks.
Thanks ma bro
H A P P Y P I L L
No I get the idea
Valentine
This year you're mine katcumi!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Beauty
Good luck, thea!!! ask my friends and relatives to your photo since I have a facebook
One of the two captains of the SS Lyatt - I will always their ship!
Happy birthday to this one too
happy birthday to our hanbin
my soul.
Las amo
& i am gifted with my hands that's why i'm never lost, cuz when i stumbled into you i knew that it was God
Bughead
This young lady...
So so touched my
Eish she's beautiful...
Wow ... that was all Love
I miss you, love
Early morning visit with dad.
never alone This girl here is amazing! Check out the video
Amazing!!
Hahaha
Small part of my family hopefully one day we can all take a picture together
E o sorriso, aquele maldito sorriso
: crucifixion.
.
.
the crucifixion still the cruelest but also the most artistic death penalty that
Maybe: Monterey for my birthday with my boyfriend
ayuda a Diosito
Lovin' my new glasses
Cosmo & Sammy
Great promotion.
Ok, Sunday you. I applaud you following your heart.
The dancin' in my house is on point!
Pronto fada
lil taste of last night
LOOK AT ME
LiveMe-Live broadcasting community
Me too! I subscribed to you guys!
I slyly texted this picture to my mom and she replied with look at YOUR BAE but I forgot that the
Bonnie and Clyde type of shit
Last night
Eu amo meus amigos
I knew I was to be burried with all the feelings STILL.... AWESOME!! Thank You So Much for the MV!!
I'm sorry I feel that so much. I fucking hate my job and yeah, applying for stuff makes me feel
Best players ?
Please Comments....!
Like for
Alhamdulillah for today tomorow n later
Thank you You're amazing! Thank you for everything. I love you and your family. It was a privilege to stay with you
I know you going through some changes
me nota pfv!
Valentine
This year you're mine lluwwx!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
been having such a good time lately and I have such good friends to thank for that
Love you yes pls
Happy Friends! It's Day 21 and it's time to toot our own horn.
We love what we do and more so we
You got this papi
Look in the mirror and get back to me on that one, sweetie
you cheat on someone you love. impossible
no other way around it, the REAL
Thank you
Feliiiizz Mamita Siempre juntas ~ Te Amoooo tanto
Look who liked Dinho's post about the derby
My family and friends showed so much love to me yesterday Man I'm so grateful and blessed
Congratulations sis
just the BEST coach with with the TOP song - watch part 2 now!!! this song!
you call it gang we call it family
He was able to call me this morning so now I can start my day with hella
Dear kim hanbin , Happy Birthday my fav rapper & leader
I Iove the band that sings this
The main singer has a voice that is always recognizable
THANK YOU!
Thank you and welcome! I appreciate you too
Thank you
so proud of dianne
Haha, brilliant!!!
Welcome !!!
Me this Sem break:
Note: all photos are from Disney
My girl I love & miss you!! Thank you
the one that already in my heart always support me when I'm sad Cheer up my day I love you
This weekend at home has gone so quick but it was so nice to surprise the family
11. picnic, road trips and lakad lakad lang somewhere
He invades my thoughts all the time
Give all the love everytime you r together
and RT
thank you
Our won their match against
Matchreport:
Thx for the game
Some days it is easier than others. Trying
November cover goes to Congratulations Lorna!
.... Available from 22
The man in my movie
waking up to his messages
Live like your sold out for Jesus Christ!
What is your fave thing bout your job??
Last week of the 1st sem starts tomorrow. Konting kapit pa sembreak na. Good night rest well
MOOD, DE VERDAD NO PUEDO CON LA ME HACEN TAN FELIZ, VER A LAY EN EL TEASER ME LLENA DE FELICIDAD
lmao we experienced opposite oceans my fellow eri tho
Thanks babes
Within my poetry I breathe you. eu te amo ok
I yanga but I think they should give her songs that do not require her to scream
Kendal terno by clothing
Best regards
so incredibly happy for you. The LP family loves you!
Thank you!! I appreciate it
Your staff members are very lucky to have you
WE ARE ONE
Beautiful
A Moroccan night for us Bring that special flair & romance in your lives, so important , as much as the air
2 years ago, i wished to be with you for your bday and this year it unexpectedly came true so glad to have
Winner of is coming from Cape Town again this year and is
Happy Birthday My
Kuya Dran!
We love family
Great job!!!
Brotherly love
Enjoyed a lovely last evening out before baby J is due to arrive delicious as
cuteness just makes my heart melt!!
Yes Liam thank you for standing up for us like this!
Crazy rich Asians
My biggest fans! 10 weeks of graft! Nothing was stopping me winning that belt!!
Cute Kim Hanbin
Thanks Neil!
Car Selfies are driving us into the week
Morning Love Have a great sunday and as always for you
Now playing on Aphex Twinn LP Analog Bubble Bath version
she's my sister
I'm so proud of you Shane. I am really loving everything you have been doing on your channel.
I saw you, with me.
happy birthday baby. i love you so much :( have the best day ever and don't forget ikonics love you you're the
Sleep tight
i'm in love with fictional characters, and I think its much better
True or Gene Kelly love them all something magical about being lost in a musical xxx
You'll kill it Jazzy even without the person that has the same name as me lol
These butterflies..... on a high
my boo be like my every time I get dressed
Not that productive yet still blessed om this day
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH!!!! FELICIDADES!!!! HSGSFFSGSHD QUE
hello !!
is this hand yours? it's so pretty
Goodmorning
Big thank you to everyone who came to our Halloween show last night!! We hope you had just as much fun as we did
Claro
Date night with my love P.S I'm currently obsessed with range (even if I am 5 months pregnant
proud of you
A lady brought this to me at work and said are
Why i use twitter
Que bom bb
Happy
yass, thank you for this
Even at my lowest points, Brother Nature rly does keep me from ending it all. Thank you for being you. Ily
Happy Birthday to leader Kim Han Bin
Means alot Noor
Thank u!
Happy Birthday
GRAZIE LIAM
Remember the love
Yess our baby boo.
I love you so much, my lifetime baby!!
Burnt orange and sun-kissed look don't scare me anymore, I am a warrior
Soak in hot soapy water
I want her shirt
OMG !!!
Love this picture of you Nanny Leigh
i would love to have a bath with you
Desmond is the best character of Lost
thank youuu
Can't wait till your playlist
Its what they deserve
OT9
Muito meu amor
Gronk & Chance be any cuter
Likewise ! Just got though my front door! Kettle on
I hope you always keep this smile
Their magic...
happy birthday u babe hope ur days amazin xxxx
Hi , I miss my bestfriend. Call me thanks
November cover for goes to Congratulations Lorna!
.... Available from 22
i love you my lil yoon
Dahab
I just came home and then I saw this in my room omg I can't wait to read it
That's where their love story started
You have a great talent and an amazing voice, I'm so proud of you
Happy Birthday Amina hope you have a wonderful onee, you are so beautiful btw
Just another day in the
Good morning. How are you? Happy Sunday.
Hi my beautifull for you
aww bby thank you so much ily
Good morning to Nana
Date with my Gal
Seek for sweetheart
You just have to respect yourself babygirl
Don't stop dreaming
Dm me
Ya es todo, gracias por existir twitter
Remember The 90's Best Dance Video Hits Collection przez
Finally
thank u so much
I love you with all my heart
Great competition l have retweeted
Not that productive yet still blessed on this day
WhenJun uses every opportunity he gets I see
Love it
Avant / !
_; Have Fear ov ALLAH
Wherever Yew are__ !
Okay. Cheap Guitars will be back in print soon!!
J.J. loves the kids!
x
I Futanari & I Cumshots
Omg, you snapped.
_; Have Fear ov ALLAH
Wherever Yew are__ !
thanks to take this madness!
Congrats on your engagement! wishing you both a lifetime of happiness. :)
AHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHA own mds
VA:
FL:
SD:
RI:
He's a big boy and he's /cute/, but as far as Seiko's concerned he's a
Happy birthday to our charismatic & pabo hanbiiiiiiiiin! take care always. I love u~
SUCCESSFUL TREND IT WAS
good morning
Ms. Lea Salonga and Mr.
The original Kim and Chris of
Favourite pic of those times
All my tl is crying
So I'm
Yixing
This pic is so wonderful, I have tears in my eyes happy wedding day Koa!
No one loves 1D more than 1D itself
Primo
The level of maturity
They are getting married on the same date their first film together was released on .
happy saengil,
OT9
| Liam siendo entrevistado por en el Backstage de los
BAP Blue
This two always makes me CrAzY
Love you both
Love You iKON
Enamorada de mis amigas!
two stories that fcks my mind rn?
Sex Doll and Temptation Island 9: Desidero mi, amore mio
Solid shit
My date luv u bunso dito lang si ate always mwa miss u
Whatever it is, there is support and love out here for you stay strong, and be here for
Piedras, visiting my abuelita
My sweet family
And the fandom won that best couple poll We Lyatt!! wait to see
Happy Birthday to this beautiful and talented man
Listen to Amer Mounib-Geet 3la Bali - by Heroo Loverr on
Ele com esse chapeuzinho... mds Taehyung
JUDGEMENT DAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
15/8 NOTEBOOK LANDED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
A NOTEBOOK DOUBLE
HIT IF YOU GOT ON
I miss you boy
you're a gentleman
tell em king!!
OMG BTOB cantt waitt ><
Amazing as always
Virat Kohli Is Emotion
His Happiness Is Matter To Me
_/\_ Love you Always
m is first ever comeback, OT9 and a fvckin pathcode to top it off? mayhaps I win.
Love .
JUST 1 WORD
UNBELIEVABLE
Welcome to the New Era
I love you guy
SM for love
be happy son please just be happy
So excited for my nephew
Wait To Carve Pumpkins With My Little Family Today So Blessed To Be Living This Life With Them
No equal
We Ya Ms Ktown .... feeling better today?
Happy birthday tita ep i love you!
How we enjoyed our weekend? Thanks never ending support u!
You're amazing
I literally love you. Keep standing up to these tabloids & uplifting women! I'm so proud of you
Today of last year o10|o21|o17
Was my very first time spending a night with pooh
2
Thank you I appreciate you
Finally~!!! OT9 COMPLETED
you're back
hello !!
is this hand yours? it's so pretty
Ya gurl got married yesterday
you will someday
I love you.
am excited for my baby yixing:(
OT9 EXO-LS WE'VE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS FOR SO LONG
I wanna meet so bad I just wanna cry when I see the videos of him performing. One day I will see him .
sad and infinite and joyous. just about life. Be your best you.
Thank you so much!
This face, them eyelashes
thanks to take me this madness!
Kyungsoo
Thank you
100% Free Live Porn Cams
Shows by Beautiful Girls
Goodmorning
Your should! Serving body!
Goodmorning hope everyone have a blessed day
And you Rodney are a blessing!
All I want
Who take care of him when you guys are in Spain ?
No.1 trending o.. tarayyyy sabay nyo na ung jan
done. let me win for the first time :( thankyou for ga
CONGRATULATIONS. You deserve every bit of it.
is a handsome guy with a great heart
I love you too bestie
WANT ALL MY LOVE? HERE!!!
Your welcome Elaine hope your health and circumstances get better
Ordu, Kertil kartpostal gibi
'Cause a true EXO-L never leave the fandom and EXO
I can go on for hours talking about my girl
Squeezing in these last few precious moments!
Happy Birthday to our Leader Kim Hanbinnnnn~~~
I had a great time while I was at the saw familiar faces and spoke with ppl doing great things in their life
Upcoming Track List for Cookies Cream, album coming soon 2/14/19
See I'm just doing what comes naturally....I must be one stressed out chic because I fricken to
for you! My one and only! ctto
Happy birthday softy! loveyouuu
Josh ur mad i love you
Care instructions.
thanks babes, miss you
Happy 22nd birthday to our amazing, charismatic, hardworking leader Kim Hanbin
Hope you always stay happy and
Day with my dad got a Hoover too adult life is hitting hard right now haha
Thank you for 16K on Instagram
I wish that follows me
my person guys
Thank God i have ken and natnat in my life
Twinniee
Wuv u hekhek
We are proud that we stan a guy like you
A person who deserves the best
Who deserves all the happiness and love
HBD PARINEETI CHOPRA
Obrigada
And also Happy birthday to
Kim Hanbin
Great leader and will always be great
Producer
Composer
And
Te amo Love you
Have a lovely Sunday tweeters take care be safe Catch ya laters
Love Newcastle I need to go back
This just proves I Stan the the right people
here if you need me. Miss you
Have you heard LGBT people ? Well I am not part of it I have a heart that can love
New wallet Update
et
Blessed
Beautiful shot!
so proud of you Tae! wait to see what else you accomplish, I love you
my tall baby
Yes that's true Liam how dare they do that to you it is not Very nice they should have respect love you Liam
fun when how you rocking
happy birthday best leader
I'm fine with that
Thank you!
I am so happy with life and because of you. my best friend
1000 only
happy birthday hope you have the best day like you deserve, love you & miss
Sigh. Lots of song that we cant hear because of a misogynist ceo. Anyway, ChaeLisa the kindest maknaes..
I believe this is "your's"
so baby be the life of the party
aaaa HINO
Sent
so sorry for your loss
Do you want children? If so, how many?
So much fun time with my sister and my PIC
Still one of my favourites!
It's proven even before this poll! Anyways kudos Thalapathiyans
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU MY ONLY ONE KIM HANBIN
I love you
Give you some time to prove I can trust you again Im gonna kiss up and rub up and feel up on ya
Good morning friends
Awesome present for an awesome chicky babe Glad you love it, Hon!
I Hentai & I Lesbians
Bless up, peeps! Congratulations & More power to you. Much love from India.
Chapadinha
I am completely with you on this I absolutely loved it. So many tears.
on teaser
i very happy
anytime mama
Cutest picture I've ever seen
Moana
I can't believe
Do it for your mama
*freu*
To assistindo Tom e Jerry
Yeeeeea, thank you guys. the best
Does FALICE kiss at all during the episodes filmed so far?
obj would be proud of u
I believe this is "yours"
Absolutely beautiful, such a loving soul
Tabikpun!!! yustinficardo (get_repost)
Lampung Fair hari ini bachtiar_basri
I love this
I'm proud of you & the boys. You are a great mentor. You've been helping them alot. Everyone deserves a mentor like you
.
Happy Birthday to u Hanbin! always worked hard. You make a lot (millions) of people happy. We love you
rice meal tom
thank you, Eycle!
happy birthday to one of the most talented and beautiful people that has graced the world enjoy your day
Hai maaaan How do you do it so effortlessly???
Very clean and beautiful cover . Her besty was a cover star back in June, now her... Kudos to Lorns
Dancefactory Wake me up, Raise your glass, In the shadows
I hope she gets better! Sending you and liquorice lots of love
Had such an amazing time celebrating the new Mr&Mrs Zajac you both are made for each other and I be
/ |
/ /
/
/_/
When the lights go out
.
.
.
Its been a long long timee finally
.
.
thanks!
Love you too
ily
I do love cover songs, and WOW I get two this week! Thank you so much Lara!
Happy 21st bday to my bff wanna wild out w anyone else only 7 more months till we can drink
happy birthday to my babygirl i love & miss you, i hope you have the best day ever
Amazing pictures. Wow so attractive girl wow incredible wow
Both Naruto and Harry Potter grew up without a parent but then in the end they both became a Hero. aww my boysss
Housekeeping Department
Thank you guys..
I u
4 days & I get to hug my baby
haaai jst to send u lot of love, interacted for long
Incroyable hein vive la Normandie
Who wants 13500 vbucks for the come back of ghoul ?
like this tweet
RT nidotory: My Everything
14.10.2012 what a race it was
Wished I lived in Manchester or something. Somewhere near plouise academy rather that than Essex.
So proud and excited for everything you've planned for us btw heute ist mein Geburtstag & nen
UPDATE:WE PLAYED IMESSAGE GAMES AND IM GETTING ONE
Hell yeah kick his ass
ShehZada with His Shehzadi
I Hentai & I Cumshots
ily
this is so cute!!! congrats!!
Always appreciate God
The best thing I have read today you guys will make the best couple
Awww cutieeeee ... Loved the clip and all positive comments by loved it...
church today
Virat Kohli is a legend. That's it. Bye.
You look absolutely beautiful darling. Loving the green makeup today. And your outfit. Wow!!!.
THANK YOU AND WE LOVE YOU SO MUCH LEADER-NIM
Te amo
Respect for this man
Don't like what he is wearing but he. Still slayin
my
Congratulations
after rank up, maldini becomes most handsome icon probably
Amazing! Look forward to hearing this
Thank you Lou
Oh my goodness
"I'm gonna go change the world in ways you could not believe" you did change our world
I think a ghost lol!
But one who loves
Happy birthday hanbinie i love you
anna
your favorite concert?
Thank you! Awhh so cute
Oh how this warms my heart!
cover of remember us this by obsessed w this song and the movie, hope i did it
happy birthday sweet sis
(@ World of Coca-Cola in Atlanta, GA)
waah my friends are so supportive
The voice of Hockey Night in Canada voice that transcends generations. A voice that will always remind me
Happy tears....
fully happy....
Tqq u soo much
Exo fifth album 'don't mess up my tempo'
Atlast teaser released OMG OMG OMG can't believe it's ot9
secure the bag and live together
Hey Z
Mind following me ? Let's make it happen please it would make me super happy
Insane! What a Great century
36th ODI
60th Internationally!
Unbelievable kohli
Esse bom Behind The Light (Deluxe) de Phillip Phillips
seok jin is everywhere with his handkisses
OUT NOW
Thank you all LINK IN BIO
Good morning L V E L Y
These are some fly ahh pictures
Work at Home Medical Coding with Aviacode
2lbiii
And we love you .. sending you a lot of love From Morocco
Please go and view my video!
james has now liked 4 of my posts on ig (@updatingsistersquad) im really happy thank you kitty girl xoxo
boa sorteee vc consegue
happy birthday baby!! lovelove
re encantada!
Well done, congratulations
Yoongi
He really is.
We deserve everything meaning we deserve her
super hearts
Happy very much
Love you rina
They do and we are grateful
KINGS ARE BAAAACCKK !! apaka pogi nyo po !!
Absolutely true boss. We serve because we our community. But a BIG thank-you to for
In love
is now live
Wawi
Be strong, my dear! I'll be sending my thoughts to your dad and you.
can't wait!
get there b, get this life shit figured out
8.2oz 23 inches
welcome
Go follow everyone that rt or likes this tweet.
Screaming !
This is not the end, it's just a new beginning
My favorites changed a bit over the years... but I still like them.
So pretty Kendra! love your handmade pieces!!
day 62
We agree a keeper! Fort Worth, Texas
Equally , marchers from very wide cross section of UK , the Tory huggers smear . If
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH the sweetest and I wait to meet you soon
Happy birthday, Bear!
Follow
Interactive
Kamal ki tweets
Follow karein sawab kamain
Follow back bhi milega
Har
Aye my birthday is tomorrow if anyone wants to get me that grey Tabbies toque
Is this too much to ask???
Retwtting again cuz the last one flopped hit like yallah
Finally Poll Winner !!
!!
Thank you soooooooo much Remya I'm so happy you liked it!!
Aww he's on a farm and milked his cow
Nosipho is beautiful guys Skin and body
i love exo and yixing goodnight babies
Happy birthday hanbin
Got goosebumps just watching the trailer, cant wait to see the video
Always... Darling
We are
Thank you for asking she is getting her biopsy done Thursday will keep you postedI hope you are well love you
Moonwalked all the way from Colombo to Galle and ended up with the best band out there.
legatoliveband
GENTE EU TO FORA DE MIM DE FELICIDADE. Podr vir rei da china
Obey what God wants you to do, and he will bless you a million times.
It's what you deserve
Not at all, just wanted to point out teaching staff also love you, Rolf
Thanks
Happy Birthday to our dearest leader Godbless baby
hi you could watch this? we made with much love brazil loves you
(( this of you wanna plot! krystal needs more friends. I love story driven ones! ))
We not only love this sight but we love the way he play the ball his drives are out class and out of the world
So happy!! Been hanging out with this handsome fella all day! Been friends for a long time, but get to see
Yes I was Sleeping
So proud of her
Good night
Happiness
Good morning beautiful
I loved you yesterday, I love you today and I will love you for the rest of my life
Happy birthday Distinction hair boutique
Check this great new track from Move straight to the
Wish I could be there, but I am in spirit!!
Nos teus bad days e nos teus good days
.
I love Sunday football
He loves you your the number one fan
I LOVE YOU LIAM
Follback dong min, makasii
Yalhwe 3ala el kalam el kebier el ana msh 3rfa arod 3leh da
You made my whole year, and you don't know how much
CONGRATULATIONS TO for winning that award!!!! IM SO FREAKING PROUD OF YOU told
But our love for you never will
Happy birthday babyyyyyy.
Muito amor
Mura ng mura tsk, beb icecream tom ha!! See u aroundgoodluckk sa gamme tttoooommmmm!! Galingannn mooo luh
this hot blonde
Beautiful girl
I would love to do this I always give my son a new book on Christmas Eve
F.r.i.e.n.d.s
Simple but the cutest.
Loved it! Loved Belita
I hope you enjoyed yourself in Paris bby. Have a safe flight back to Korea! I love you!
If they're after you Jim, it's because you're doing the right thing. Trumpers hate that.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MY BABY JO YURI
Happy Birthday to my big brother Justin Johnson you are truly missed I love you
My God, so sorry. They know racist but they want to detach from it because not a nice
He is
I Love You Harshad My Life Line
You look amazing either way
happy mother's day to this beautiful mommas (in argentina is)
Thank you so beautiful xx
thalaivaa
I love you zero gt thank you b
Today marks four years.. Miss you so much.. hope making you proud. Until we meet again..Rest In Peace
Thank you so so much.
happy birthday
Karachi is new Garh of PTI MashAllah Unbelievable . I still remember 2008 elections when
words can never express the amount of love i have for you.
happy birthday cous love you
thanks love
A little Coco
.
mindiscoralreef@gmail.com
FB:
IG:
omg thank u my love, missing u loads, love you
AZUPUTAMADRE
Ajskkduwbdkdb
Short time lang pero sobrang saya. Love you always my family!
amazing please stay always here
; this is your cake , okay the cake is ready
Hyewon ;
btw happy birthdayyyyyyy !!
My one and only
Best day of my life
My favorites
my pleasure.
Let's bring back this clip peeps
Happiest Birthday to the best Leader ever,Kim Hanbin Thank you for all your hard work. iKON & iKONICs so lucky
All 20 of my kids are gonna have the same mom so wish my girl luck
Very excited for this
Best read all day! Hard work pays, hope she makes it to Forbes
Love you so much
"Aren't sister by blood, but sisters by Heart"
laaabyuuu mga besh anyiyiiiieh
Kaye
Happy birthday the man who I love so so much you getting old now huhuhu keep healthy and happy bae love
I that, and this one!!
A HUGE THANK YOU to our AMAZING sponsors! wouldn't be possible without you and your support
Diana would be so proud.
you guys are so cute
Best scene ever for me - it's just so epic and romantic! I still remember watching it for
Wat is toch adembenemend mooi... Trots op onze stad!
Foto:
Sobrang productive this day
Holy crap it feels amazing outside
DAMN MY BEST FRIEND
Future Mr and Mrs
Hayeee mahi
to dikhai bhi nahi
And expressions
I really miss mahi she was a little
I fall in love with Taehyung all over again when he played What A Heavenly Way To Die before starting his vlive.
Domingou
Thank you so much & Please do watch the show!! I'm sure you'll love it!!
There is and so much value for the things in
Happy blackpink is the best blackpink.
This thread is when and why Twitter can be a WONDERFUL place. Amazing.
felt that
Chanwoo
I love her so much
Merci ! You all did ur best ! BTS never decieved ARMY's ! On vous aime
I can finally say from experience that Disney is a different world been real
I love brotherhood
thank you beautiful
Happy Birthday our IKON leader, Hanbin!!
Happy birthday
Haha yeah therapeutic for me ! Get the Lumineers in ya .. the best
Even if you change, we'll listen to your voice, thank you for everything
Haute Couture to Boho Chic... Whatever your style, can help you be uniquely you.
(208)735-5177
Morning!!
Yeees thankyouuu
Happy birthday Jamica. We love and miss you dearly down here on earth.
| dpanabaker via instastory
BOM DIA
Spotted si Mommy K
Congratulations Mica and Jay R
J'aurai tant voulu y aller... :(
Just a reminder that I love you guys all so much!
I feel like I don't say that enough
The feeling's indescribable. Really. Thank you Thank God for another year Despite of, sometimes, being
Valentine
This year you're mine plluwe!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Nothing
Where come all your ideas askdkd I'm speechless
Noice! Have an awesome time! We'll be with you in spirit, but we'll probably just be eating cookies.
mademoment1022 update : RT YG_iKONIC:
happy birthdayyyyy hanbinnn
His WIFE
I love you mamas ! I'm so glad I got to meet so a beautiful person as yourself
My pleasure! the new single
Happy birthday
& they ask me who i do it for? why i shine? why i grind? the way i do
We Are All With You
We Will Never Let You Down
with this thoughtful review from of the production of the late Sam Shepard play.
What an amazing weekend with Natalie Wells , thanks a million Terry Lyndsay well appreciated x feeling
Hey to all my TatorSalad is now streaming Call of Duty: Black Ops 4 stop by and show some
will you ever do another book? Loved your first one ps follow me x
Happy Birthday The most gorgeous woman ever!!
Ooo I will make a poster! Afraid to dead before
Thank you my friend
You are my sunshine my only sunshine you make me happy when skies are grey
te amo hermosa
You will forever have a special place in my heart. I miss you so much!! I'll visit your condo real soon
I made it in the paper, and so did my daughters beautiful drawing
Thank you Seungyoon for always update us with beautiful pics, sharing with us the beautiful moments. I love u
mucho por este momento Estoy feliz, cjau.
How the hell could you boo Wenger? He managed Arsenal to be Arsenal. Theres no place for that in my heart for him!
it could all be so simple
My favourite
Happy birthday baby
Bathsheba for beautiful dramatic ... and Heron Bay
ain
So proud of him!
Fav cast
Good luck
you not back for xmas?
happy 19th faqqot
Take me back to Paris
Malu it's awesome
wait to hug these five gorgeous souls next tour
Maykinom
Happy birthdaaay to uri one and only king Hanbin
the best lil cuddle buddy, bby girl
really helpful & clarifying & beautiful. Thank you.
Nhi.. Blkull b nhi.
All are important. But they got a different swag.
Btw this was a silent reply to somebody.
and after all, dad still got the same thoughts as mine. kejar cita dulu baru cintaaa
=
=
=
and/or =
Psst...gonna let you in on a secret. It's possible to say something nice on the internet.
"Angge, don't do that to me again ah?"
AYIIIEEE CUTE NYA KABAHAN
hi
Y yop
Thankful to be among these writers at the reading last night. Big for public libraries!
Very big brother!!
Had a good teacher to start.... don't think I'll be climbing the Eiger any time soon, but
Sobre amar Black Pink
happy birthday to my bias in ikon, keep writing beautiful songs, stay beautiful
Not even sure tbh.....my heart is broke 4real.....I appreciate you tho I really do
My daughter loves your books, and so do I. Thank you.
Awwwwww
i so proud of you king i love you so much
Hi! my first post. I love my dog Do you have any animals ?/ Yes Do you like to get photos of them ?
atleast may good news bago matulog huhu
all the love
This my song
thank you
Hahaha!!!! Looove this Tump
Thank you so much Mark, Ben, Christian, and Paul! Mahal ko kayo! a night to remember indeed
special thanks
Teaser Updated Views Crossed 19 Million Views
Realtime Views Crossed 20 Million Views In 48 Hours Itself.
So much happened. This day was a great day. Alhamdulillah
My precious sweet loving Meow left our earth at 3:20 pm on Friday, October 19, 2018. My hurts tremendously
proud of you
get this win today baby
thanks for the new avi
I love you too bb
Do you have a bucket list and whats at the top of it ?
Cheers, Sabrina!
That's why every girls with guitar are always adorable!
Oh my GOD
keep on coming
Man this thing got a lot of attention. Considering I really liked how it turned out, that means a lot, thanks guys
I love animals so much
Praying for you we are here for whatever you need
gracias coach itu pelatih
Ti adoro
thank u baby i appreciate u more than u will ever know
Happy birthday
BESTIES
how cute
happy late birthday
El Jimin
My teacher coworkers and I would these!
Nehh, u rather be with me HAHAHA there there
Hope you have an amazing time at the show tonight
Thank you hershe! been a huge blessing in my life and I cannot thank you enough
Another Day Another Win!
So glad my best friend is ok!
Thank you for becoming iKON HanBin
My heart
Administration Eyes Defining Transgender Out of Existence - The New York Times -
WTF!
Mil vezes o chuck Clayton
Sdds de vcs
Cuppy that
Genuine Person
AJITHKUMAR
This comment made her day!!
Here's this shirt
Legend
wishes
Weh di Mantrijeron, Mom
We love you! Saranghae!
Sometimes you need to take a step back to realise how much someone does mean to you
Mi ange mi
Oyyy te amooo
Irina on IG Stories
They are going somewhere to celebrate BI's birthday. Awww so sweet
Update from : Chanwoo's ig feed
Happy birthday Stefan! So much
Dreamliner
The maine.
This vedio is everything Vidic
Mi tatayaya
At least someone loves me he also thinks a lap dog.
Oh my GOD .....faaaaaaaack...I LOVE for giving me this experience...
What an angel he is.
Hey Archie, sending for your poorly paw... well soon, sweetheart
Waiting for 5pm
My neck. Is broken. THANK YOU NASHVILLE LOVES YOU
RT FORTNITE
FAV MINECRAFT
Since I really love my sissy, so Shuhua
lateeeee butttt happy birthday jackieeee been my friends since like 3rd grade ?! can you believe
hey Lil lady
Side note: wow actually short
Praying for my interview tom!!
Thank you All for your birthday wishes, texts, calls, and loads of
Thanks wauz
Aww. Hope it goes well whatever, and he perks up
at the end of everything, sa ila gd ko gyapon mblik
Eu amo um gordinho
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO OUR LEADERNIM
IKON - KIM HANBIN ( B.I )
Thank you for creating Queen LOVE SCENARIO
Sdds
awwwww boooo Soni te main hoon
Congratulations sister
What do you miss most about being home when away?Xx
Cutie binnie 23 years of existence and counting and counting and counting until 300 years
Goodmorning love have a great day
YOU SHOULD READ THIS AND GIVE YOUR GIRL SOME LOVE
love you
Parade honors disability community More of this please
3rd time? Yeah allowed to make requests! What songs you wanna hear ?
We had fun trekking around all the cities we visited trying to get a good pic with a Fen Wicks candle.
Thank You so much! Do read the book as well. I would love to have your review on it as well.
Who cut onions??!
Look at that beautiful hand and fingers.
My new song "NOTICE ME" Dropping this month sooooo anticipate one luv...
Hi a new account for Weki Elly!! post pictures of her here
Always thankful to god no matter what going through
Don't forget to encourage one another. Extend love instead of judgement.
since 2014-2018
friends like siblings n we can share our moment in our
Tengo chiche nuevo y lo estoy empezando a usarrrr
Thanks so much ate Kc!!
Thanks for all awesome song !
Love ya forever & always
TE AMO CADA VEZ
love all your curves and lines. beautiful, and I want you and only
dating the most wonderful man ever
Hey where can we find a coat like this? We it!
Phamily
Happy, happy birthday to one of the best women in higher ed, I hope this is an amazing day for you.
our love for you will never change
Willkommen im Fan Club
Vintage hunting in Kentucky!
remember when jiyong wishes a happy birthday for hanbin and bobby telling everyone that he loves hanbin
I'm Camilizer
Hanbin happened birthday
Thank you to everyone who came out and supported us all the way from Colombo to Galle!
legatoliveband
It was great! Thanks babe
- i was chosen to be one of the "followers of the day" in theo's vlog (04.10.18)
Thank you for today fam. Love you and You are my home
Utho ghar jao
Couldn't find three better words than these.
Miss you boss! Thank you though
love luv lov
We Love King Oh Sehun :')
Finally OT9
Happy Birthday dude
Viva la belleza de ser mama happy mother's day to me! en Buenos Aires, Argentina
yith yith yith I need a new lipgloss xxx
You are my sunshine , my everything
Leed for the weekend with has been just what we both needed
Happy birthday today
The end of episode 12 give me goosebumps..
Sean picked up my fa meeee. THATS LUV.
Shots by Dri
My other half
Thank you love
greetings from Poland When are you going to visit us? That'd be a dream come
Thank you so much darling
thank you!!!
Nothing but love
Happy birthday to Stefan, much love
Welcome to Laker Nation. We accept you with open arms
To perfection
I'll take this down when this tweet reach 90RTs :))) I'll screenshot everything and I will DM you on D-Day so that you can claim the tpc
SUPER COOL and very touching!
The tl is so lively now I'm so happy cause this is how we are-- lively, happy, excited and full of love for our boys
I Hentai
Jak se tesim do pice..
Answer 1) Tutu and Lulu
Join in :
Way more sis
UpComing match from our vs
Matchdate: 21.10.2018 17:30 CEST
Indeed
Rothamsted Park
my boyfriend gives his staff meal to homeless people, crying
Thank u po.
Bang Me tonight
anal dildo granny orgy jessica bangkok nerd quickest fuck
This brought me to tears you have an amazing friendship
Happy 900k Subscribers Ate support ka lang namin lagi ng more subscribers to
Hopefully every mom can raise her boy up the same way
I wish to meet once personally and click He is one of the
im always gonna believe in yall
Hace un terminamos clases
feeling better
hsushushsus
thank staff enough for looking after me after the finish
Disabling the comments might help. People can be soo rude and mean at times. I'm sorry.
Who are some of your most devoted fans?
Y asi fuee
I really wanna cry.. We have waited for so long
(get_repost)
Have a beautiful Sunday
Once you realize you deserve better, letting go will be the best decision ever
I Hentai
Happy birthday u beaut see you soon
HAPPY BIRTHDAY I MISS AND LOVE YOU SO MUCH! MAY YOUR DAY BE FILLED WITH PLENTY OF BTS
This painterly wall seems the perfect backdrop to present my new tartan bag be featuring the
AHHH I LOVE YOU ANGEL THANK U
i love your acc uwuwuwu thank you
Mi prima hermosa
happy birthday to you !!!! I hope your day is fabulous, love you
When can I visit?
Good morning to the bad said no mashup
get those retweetssssss
No im not lucky at all :)
She is just one !
The Rock and George Clooney.
Zion baby I Love You from the bottom of my heart. I hope you are well.
We're still recovering from watching the making music video for "Stay By My Side" It's so beautiful and
"God accepts us as we are, and changes us as we serve Him in love."
she liked this guys how much she's amazing what do you think about this Cassy &
I Hollstein kisses
Yayyyy
Thank you so much
Amazing Work!!
Kelli Ann.....LOVE how you spread The Gospel in your videos.
You, my dear, are anointed.
My flaws are Flawesome!
that's the reason why i love your personality
so sorry. Let us know if you need anything.
In love with Thich Nhat Hanh cushion.
Ecological spelled husk for maximum comfort.
You can write us for
"God accepts us as we are, and changes us as we serve Him in love."
Regardless of the distance between us, I have found the one my heart loves, he's un-replaceable xxx I love
Thank you Kim Hanbin
My lovebugs.
my baby
This Is Us Season 2 gave me all the feels
!! I'm so weak weak to everything you post!
/puddle of goo/
So fun!
YAYYYY! SEE YOUU ATEE! GOODLUCK SA EXAM BUKASS ILOVEYOUU
Music to my ears
Plsease come to Turkey
This the kind of shit I believe in
Itsy Bitsy Book Bits Spotlight Author
Janice M. Whiteaker
Facebook:
Cancers give the best Sex the best head all that
be a carbon copy like the rest of the stepford wife types. Be unique!
Thankyou for everything okay everyone such a good day
Lovely
Goodluck bukas Guide Us Lord X-R E L I A B L E
Wishing our princess a happy birthday
And this
Happy birthday my Loves
See you soon (Maybe)
Your mum sounds so great. To be honest.
I love you
think I can manage in person on Friday but be there in spirit.
sasil johahaeyo, hanbin-ah.
Sembreak starts here
The Best
(Before I forget...again)...Happy Everyone
you were absolutely glowing during your labor!!! What foundation do you use??
and i knew it from the very start that I stan thr right man
I can't thank God enough for my daughter. Light of my life.
Iloveyou with all my heart Please stay the end.
100 LIKES & ILL SMASH - IN TWO HOURS!
Tap that button if you wannit!
in your back pocket
blessed to have
Sir's selca effect lasts for year, I'm havent even fully recovered from the previous one, so, issokey
ANG SARAP SA FEELING YUNG TATADTARIN KA PARA REPLAYAN MO NA I LIKE THAT AH
a beautiful girl that melts my heart so many times. Last long sayang I love you
I got it bad !!!!!!!!!
Really feel pain on this
Painfull Lagos State
Thank you
welcome
Thank you
so cute
Finally watched Hocus Pocus and I loved it! xoxo
There are no particles, none the less appreciate it as always Gen.
Heart to heart conversations with
welcome & thank you luv
Omg thank you love!
Happy It's a good day to vote for Ryan
athleticsistas:
Jade Cargill Download high quality pic here Follow, Like and Retweet!
me & my girlfriend took on amsterdam this weekend
sexyhotyogapants: Download high quality pic here Follow, Like and Retweet!
Yo Caspar plz pick me your follow would mean anything to me :)
Sebastian Stan is the one I love the most Awww You better believe it baby
That is AWESOME! I'm going on 18 year transplant reciepent Dec 20th..
ilovefitnessgirls: Download high quality pic here Follow, Like and Retweet!
Watching chitty chitty bang bang! One of my favourite films
I liked a video Folositi codul "cristinnaa" pe shop!
That's so sweet I wanna cry
voyage case
awwww my heart went because of you!! Thank youuu
My heart is full thankyou
FISHBOWLS! Happy birthday beautiful!
Kuya paolo alam mo gud admire ko gud relationship mo with your family... Close kayo lahat awiieeee thank
I cant get over all of them looking so much handsome and hot they are the best
Show this movie the love it deserves by liking and sharing this
mo monday naman bukas eh hehe pero matutulog muna ako
Talking about today! Love me some freedom baby! at Ignite Church Freeport
Sorry momma a ass and titty lover
I am backpacking across Europe and will be in Italy on the same dates. Shaadi main bulalo. I love both of you guys
Pacar rl aq ultah hhee
09 Fit babes 2018-10-21 15:02:06 Download high quality pic here Follow, Like and
Thanks Man
Perhaps I love you
her reaction was priceless. myghad. worth it yung efforts ih
WISH I COULD MEET WITH YOUU
I dwell on the past though, in a good place in my life, God is showing up & showing out.
day well spent ughhhh
....these vids are ABSO too much to handle.
LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM
- theo tweeted me again!!! (10.10.18)
I U interwebs.
For nothing is impossible with God!
the sims mobile
We're back to pathcode era. Oh how i miss this. How i miss EXO
Merci beaucoup
DE ISINDIK
Stay safe and warm Joonie oppa
Ok sending him love
Good Night
Thank you Minnie!! i love you!
Happy Birthday
My best leader Hanbin
I love you
Just_Hanbin & piqu
4th birthday party with Kris and her daddy Robert
YES BABY, I LOVE YOU SO MUCH YOU'RE SUCH A GENTLEMAN
Am Not lying Each of us has its own unique kind of beauty
Thato
Titi is excited for you
I knew the ex Gremlin would approve!
thank you baby ugh I missed yours HAPPY BDAY
eu agora
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MY PRECIOUS PERSON
That is so sweet
Our beautiful sea front
X nawdaph
.
.
Thank you for the lovely shirt Wrong Place
Happy Birthday Mr. TALENT Hanbin ~
{ }
yuck but love you
IT'S ALSO NUMBER 1 HERE
Tell us something we know about you I love youuu
So much in one picture
New Insta Story
can you check this out please? It would mean the world to
James what was the worst question an interviewer has asked you?
Keep up the great work dude! The grind is paying off
Amen
Love this
HAPPY BI DAY
Nathan makes me breakfast every Sunday morning, so in love
NAM
nothing makes me happier than seeing my parents smile and hearing their laughter
ANY TIME IS GAINING TIME
200 LIKES=200 FOLLOWERS
Like
Retweet
Comment ifb
Follow Who Like and RT
Follow
I may not have been there since the beginning, but I will make sure to be there til the end.
Disfrutando en un hermoso
Thumbnail
By:@graphics_nick
For:@EduKof
Gostou ?
+ para mais trampos!
a healthy relationship.
STOP WHAT YOU ARE DOING
TELL A FRIEND THE GOOD NEWS
mi amor
Happy Birthday My Yeobo
Goodnight self sweetdream self pray sa before ka matulog self ha iloveyou self
a Huge fan of genuine love, effort and affection.
Thank you
Kim Ji Won for BASIC HOUSE
And it is fabulous.
Madison, Wisconsin
Looking wonderful still love that jacket xxxx
You motivate me to do my best every day
I love you,
matty b.
My Mickey Mouse
Those eyes are to much for my tiny heart, it just stopped beating.
What to do to start it
Please follow me on Spotify
always here !
quiero ese iPhone
I LITERALLY DO THO BUT TY
Thanks big seester we made it to the finals!!
It can be stressful very much, but we knew you were made for it. You got it, beautiful. Enjoy your week of
SHOW SOME LOVE
Snapple Apple * but yes them bitches my
Aww Bryce! my siblings are the same way. except 14, 15, and 17 now
Stay blessed love
Congratulations bangtan
You are Entitled to get purple you
Midnight craving for fries, pizza and YOU.
Well said Liam your a very nice and kind person I love that about you
Please follow me
Please do make sure to show him all the people who love and stand by him True fans know from past
love you!!! missing you more
so much hate you need jesus in your heart
Thank you so much! Good luck, too!
please release next friday It would be suck a nice gift before the whole album comes
"One never knows how much of the journey will be alone." - Anushka
I feel attacked. Not complaining tho
Please take note this guys
This is what about
happy birthday B.I
My Thato
Thanks for giving me those 2 years of happiness. I miss you but I want you happy
Hands-on learning happening at our recent field trip to the Mutare Museum!
JUMPING INTO EVERYONES HEART
If going to church today plz send a prayer up for my mommy
Finally OT9! This is it guys
thanks for the
Com ele, sempre!
I died a little bit
Isso
Ot9
Lay lay
Thato
your videos makes me smile on my face always please follow me i love you
lovely sunny sunday
This book brings me so much joy
See you, Godbless take care
I know bae
Yeyyyyyyy, hay que shippear suchen juntas
Yes OSM Show My Hero
Volusia and Jackson proud!!!
displayed picknpay distributed by
My California peeps
on IG bday to the most beautiful soul / luv u
We started off as close friends
So much love for our little town today
never too late to discover a masterpiece !
All things happen in perfect time.
Biddeford! Did you vote today? The Sellam Circus School
To our charismatic leader, producer, song writer, composer ..
Happy Birthday ma beloved
Thank you
Awww baby
Thank you for this gorgeous suit
Started my first job today wish me luck
Elena for the fucking win.
Seninle bir
Liam ending the daily mail and and standing out for women, WE STAN THE RIGHT PERSON Y'ALL.
thank you you're amazing
In the name of love
thank you so much!! i love you
thingsofharry disse: hey, pode fazer headers do jem carstairs, de tid, por favor?
Thanks frienny last week, enjoy natin Intrams!
Love you
Met the lovely today. Thank you! :)
Correggo Whitout You era in MOMENTS
3rd time watching but energy not go down DHANUSH NADIPIN NAYAGAN
the best leader
Wow man been waiting for this video thanks
Aw playing on his own ., love him
Thank you baby I love you more
Don't take our serious book list to mean we don't enjoy a good lighthearted read. We and from the beginning
Goooood morning!!
Goodnight.
Glad to see changes are looking to be made. I this sport but the overall $ is a killer + the ever rising cost
Happy birthday, Kim Hanbin
Our leader, happy bday
About last night
like this and ill check our love compatibility uwu
Be KIND to others without expecting to get something back!
Thank you! With serebii... I have completed any of the main games fully.
Be still my
TaeHyoHyun this soshi bond
The test drive was lit. Nuvali
AAAAAA thank you T T
I saw Chantastics Photos of them too aaaa
I just love them and Feeldog so
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Thato is underrated, but he is sooo talented and HOT wuuuh
I Liked him from day one
mind my mom on the back. Lol I was just taking a picture with my 2nd car I bought
So proud of and happy for you
Happy Birthday ate ate !!! Thank you for sharing life to us!!!!
Made with and by
Happy Splatoween!
Can't wait for xx
Scott always coming through for the gymternet.
Bon anniversaire JTM fort
Melena more Bollywood dance please!!
jgh, tyL
I love this cheery video made of it just makes me smile
Que nocheeeeee
LOL
Quality Beaded Bracelets from Ghana us now 0202801621 for enquiries and orders, nationwide
Yay I'm excited
i
Tes grave moche Pq t abo a moi alors
Thanks for visiting please leave My Home
hbd
Say those three magical words
And Thato just proved himself
Fan boy has come up with a fantastic voice note for Deserving!
Yo ya gane con vos Te amo gorda
This is me Trinoma show
Happy Birthday uri BI thanks for the great music u made, thanks to being my inspiration,
ohh i'm so happy for u!! this sounds amazing :D i hope you have a lot of fun when is your birthday btw?
I need God in every
single moment of my life
Wow Wow Wow! Great Song Choice Great Voice Great Performance Thato Is Going To Top 4 Undoubtedly
I feel like crying it's srsly been so long. I missed you Yixing
Sweet dreams
Watch
on
Offline? Hit the button ' follow'
Soliter Heart
Ohhh I made a thread for birthday
We celebrating love.
- theo faved my tweet (12.10.18)
take care & rest well
always positive & fighting
I wish i can see you again
wait to see this sweet face tonight.
A GENTE TE AMA
We get so many amazing pictures from you guys showcasing the beautiful projects you are doing with Blackberry
Last night was a success first college party for FIU so pretty happy then danced till 5 am and had an amazing
Sobbed my heart out at so good and loved the cameo from
A successful 2nd cut this finals Tuesday afternoon. Way to go Gracie, Tish and Kell Tulsa State
Friday Afternoon drive to inland
Join us! Qatar Follow
.
Qatar
Happy Birthday to Jo Yuri
I wait until back!
this
this
all who like and rt this
back all that follow you
I Love This..
Happy birthday hanbin
taena bat ang gwapo
Omg YESSS so happy for you
Hayeee thank u d33r
Brunch with my kids!!! eating brunch at Lincklaen House
So good to meet college friends along with their family after a decade.
Sunday well spent
Namjin post again this is happy
Liam looks gorgeous as hell on the red carpet
Stay by my side
Congratulations Jen!! And to for running an inspiring campaign!
Love waking up to messages like this
AY TRUEEEEE
I your spirit!!! Let's push for both!! We can circle the wagons
Amsterdam
appreciate those friends that are always there for you even when going through shit themselves
and RT
We surely do :) and found again thankfully
yassss Thato bringing some energy... Can round 2 at least bring some fire nyana
Never thought celebrate your birthday wtihout you here. Happy birthday momma! Miss you more than you can imagine
Thank you The Mendozas and The Faulkersons family for gracing this important event
Hook me up to Instagram promo please
One day darling
I wanted, I got, and I losing
Mambin
sunday night
This was last night
lucky girl...
But you bless me eyes so calm
its_predd now streaming Fallout 4, go show them some love
This is amazing
thank you love
Dominik your the only one that makes this song special when you sing it. I love this live acoustic cover.
Get well soon
My son. Knew this reminded me of something... My guy#56 a headhunter, a savage show some
Happy birthday mikeo
Good night! And, these selfies is damn liiaatt .
Loads of love my Worlddd
.
.
Idol
this is the cutest thing ever and my heart is so happy
like my insta you bitch
Awe thank you! that's beautiful
Had a super lazy Sunday afternoon...
Like his tie. Also the scarf looks good
Selamat ulang tahun our beloved BI a.k.a Kim Hanbin, wishinv you all the best. Saranghae
Thank you so much!
Chill
Drop a "" if you Love me.
Drop a "" if you Like me.
Drop a "" if you have Crush on me.
Drop a "" if you Enjoy
My art on my dress
Baby
bet follow me cuz he hates me but i love him
Very unusual. I love it
it's a truly amazing feeling
so fucking heavy
Who said can't fly ? our superhero
Danke Ter Stegen
My friend has the same birthday as you! And mine is the 5th, November babes
Why the world need less "nice guys" and more good MEN.
All my love to you payno
RT THIS SO BADLY
you too!!
Happy Birthday my loves i love you so much..
always are going to be perfect babe no matter what.
thank you soo much!! love youu
thanks baby
Sorry
Not Nehal
And on paper, at least a little of the best kind of stupid.
KKKKKKKKK
Cute
Homecoming Week
Istg she is definitely appreciated
Im so in love
Just ordered 2 bags of these to hand out on Halloween!! So excited to share yummy vegan treats with others
Te amo!!!
I Love This Place
Love you more for bringing this to life. God bless you!
Being a big sister is probably the biggest blessing
Yixing, Jongdae and are trending in PH
Margot.
cause I'm in love with the love,I'm in love with the love ohhh ohhh
i love you
naraid66
d0pill$m$cw
Blessed to see another day
ily gorgeous !
Amen. Thanks so much darling
do your part and help these guys out!
I hope Next year will be better !
I liked a video LA NOVIA DEL CABEZA TOMATE FORTNITE
exactly! i do have some stretch marks on my butt and thighs but none on my belly from pregnancy. i got lucky! thanks girl
RT:
Spotted
i deserve my mom. she is such a sweetheart and so thoughtful and i love her so much
Someone who loves and obeys You, someone who'll always remind me about You, someone who'll draw me close to You, Lord.
A3) Lewis Hamilton
Harry Potter
George still showed incredible kindness to his fan
This guy though
I love you
reason why I love them so much
thanks for the
Thank you The Vasilios
I like the idea of getting to spend time with you before then too.
Thato
Annnnnnd back to my shakes tomorrow annnnnnnnnnnnndddd my other half Tia Rachel is coming into town for a week
thank youu ate maui!! yess goodluck satinn!!
Relax io e te
Ditto girl love you too!
This week/weekend was full of fun so sad coming to an end
Sdv
reason why I love them so much
You're so damn right
Thanks Li, you really are a great role model
Well said! I'm so proud of you, Kimmy!
BUEN MI GENTE BEIA!
Am I dreaming is it u only momo on different mode
Lmao. I first saw this on LIB sef. Wish you luck!
Fighting against sadness. I can do this!
Twins
Like cat? Then follow us
DM us your cat pics to get featured
Like, Share, Comment please
EXO rockin every concept. I love it
I love you and the other members so much blackpink ftw
HAPPYBDAY TO MY LOML
Good luck Jehansher. I'mma pray for your success u de best and u a very smart evil cookie
hehe
ganda ganda ih
Im sleeping tonight with a happy heart Goodnight everyone
since 2013. happy birthday hanbinnie
Happy birthday mon hopefully u get more RP in seeing the boys in many many years >>~<<
wife : Ball unka bread & butter hai, vo toh uspe bhi spit krke phenkte h !
Love this lady
Keep up the good work sis may Allah make it easy
They know how to kill me... After an amazing beginning the first solo-performance was from my ultimate bias
Proud moment always to say a ajith fan
We are all lucky to have the privilege to view beautiful Cara on a daily basis.
Love Everyone
Uri leader happy birthday WYATB
I will never trade my ka-stem fam's smiles and
We'll get there soon, kapit lang
thank you so much!!!
Haha babe seen your worse. Light at end of tunnel. you. Roll on Budapest xxx
Y COMO DUERMEN AVURRUCADITAS !!!!!!
Paris loves you
no thank YOU for your work! Amazing as always
The Piddle Valley
. [21-10-18]
ig stories
los amo
Fine and you?
Je babe
Awww thank you pero bakit till 25th lang? Hahahahaha
The biggest boy band in the worldi'm proud
Happiest Birthday to our beloved, super talented leader Kim Hanbin (B.I) Thank you for everything always take
Pretty boy
Eu TO COM MUITAAA SAUDADES EU AMO VC PRA CRL
48/470, thank you
One year later than we originally planned, but we both made it over the finish line.
Such a lovely weekend, lots of playing and fresh air, a super cute Halloween party and a lazing on the sofa ..... Autumn is happiness
churras
Wish I could vote. But I'm outside the UK so I don't know how But I love your lads. They're amazing
Thank you
You're the best, I'm proud of you!
moon river
AHAHAHA oddio
Tutu and Lulu
And we Lady Rebecca!!!! And all you guys, of course!
Oh how I miss this crazy old man.
Cuties
Aww thank u
on replay this time, and turn that bitch all the wayyyyy uppppp
A3) Lewis Hamilton
GRABE JUD HAHAHA KAMO NA
My mom is a whole ass blessing and an understatement.
With steffieeeee
ACABOU PRA MIM
I LOVE U NENEM
in Malaysia
I love my bestie
Thank you so much for sharing
All I wanna do is make my hometown proud
Happy birthday, hanbinnie!!!! I love you so so much
Playing pop to the shops with Mia practising money and numbers
Our 50 votes one and only aap k liya
I love you and your amazing voice
God bless you and
Always a great feeling when people ask to play your game again after a playtest
This is Act Fast! My speed
Awh she's gunna be one lucky girl thanks you
Hope everything is alright man :( much love
HAHAHHAHA YEZZIR
0 miles away from my heart
Ohh no You are nice one
No worries Susie, I see that part of the tweet at 1st. Figured you either.
jsjsjsj I love your kind of math but anyway, thank you again very sweet
You like this? Follow:
Wow amazing why are you giving the side eye? Not a happy camper? You look
got my voyage case
Reflecting all of its beauty. 2018
thanks for the beautiful
A3) Lewis Hamilton
My sister sent me this photo of my niece and was like hour with weird eyes like I love my Juliet
aniver do arthur
I think has best wife in this world
The way she defend him is just amazing
Fan ho Gaya main sir
Tehilla Worship Centre
HAPPY BIRTHDAY B.I
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR YOUR HARD WORKED. YOU ALWAYS MAKE ME SO PROUD OF
-->
I'm so sorry to read...
Is there anyway you can go home...'re do course on next round?
Take Care
So proud to be doing this work of storytelling and reclamation beside you I'd love to read your presentation!
how did you do that and land in the exact same spot without falling off?
i love you my silly baby uwu
Thank you for always caring about everyone. We love you Liam
It was lovely seeing you man its been a span
Ugh I LOVE that song
Te amo amor
Very fine actually
Joyful journey hot springs a nice stay!
Shaved man leggssssss
so late to the party but damn, joji's voice im in love
My BabyNess
Those eyes that holds pure innocence
That Mole Just below her eye
Those Lips to die For
Her
To God Be All The Glory ayieeee for Championship
best of luck guys, much love, always a team
GWAPAHAY!! HERMOSA!! ANG GANDAAAA!! OMG!! CELESTIAL BEING.. are you for real My
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
ALWAYS LOVE AND SUPPORT YOU
My amazing
Again had soo much fun insert aileen nick
good luck to all my mutuals taking their Os tmr!!! especially don't give up!!! all the best
Is there anything you would change if you could about your career so far? P.S is my insane
Trop gentille ma copine
Gostei de um Playing With Golden Immortal Dagger for QoP GIFTED BY ME!
hard to look in the mirror and answer tough questions, but the moment you do, one step closer to happiness.
Check out this fun, quick & easy look using all Aveda makeup
Makeup by:
When I seen Lay ge I really crying
Its my first screenshot and second screenshot is my bias Park
Happy birthday Kim Hanbin
thank you for keep smiling although youre tired,thank you for protecting your
I love you bby
heart in human form
Come to Indonesia. I will waiting!
homecoming was amazing
Amo te bb
Happy birthday sam!!! finally 18! thanks for being such a good friend and the best study partner hope your
Thank you!
how did you do that and land in the
exact same spot without falling off?
i love you my silly baby uwu
Eu amo esses dois!
naraid66
qet%0ncbxzpz
Iih mah gahd ... Thank you so much
feels like forever but only been 9 months
thank you for doing this you are an angel
Tyty ilysm
Te amo never let the negative affect you
I'm so proud of you!
Thank you for all the birthday greetings and wishes! You all made my day extra special
Awwwww labyutu!! See you tom mwa
be sorry
Chandler
Que hermosa bb :,)
Happy birthday to the sweetest, most caring girl I know
Thanks ya albe
I wish it
TELL THEM KING
I LOVE HOW HE'S WORRIED ABOUT THE WOMEN HE WORKS WITH
He speaks from the heart
He voices out what's right
He voices for the people
He is
Please,
LAY
OT9
Are you actually a dream sugarbaby ???
My OT9 heart is alive
Saengilchukahae to our awesome genius producer kim hanbin hoping that u can make more amazing musics with iKON
I'm always happy to see you
Drink one for me as well
Happy Hanbin dayyy! I love you!!
The crew finally got a decent picture together congrats to Danpa and I love you guys so much NOAH'S
has the best, most soulful music. to sky full of stars!
Everybody posting such pretty pictures and quoting Red songs keep it up for us Floridians who get seasons!
LOVE the reference!!
"Let him go, you filth! You will not touch him again"
The glue that holds the A-1 Family together!
707 Seven! Defender of Justice!! *o* Just a fanart of my favourite character ever
We don't know each other but it's polite to say..CONGRATS!!
Last night was lit, ugh I missed my friends
My baby's home Oh ceoharmony how I've missed you!!
Momanta of the day - -
Nandamuri
A3) Lewis Hamilton
Hi, mate. I mind at all. be friend.
I love you i love you
My heart is, most definitely, full lil family
aiti
I miss you kuya See you sa famweek nyo
FRIENDS
Cris_Piza via /r/Hotchickswithtattoos
Anyone else in the market for a new refrigerator for their man cave???
Fangirls fit for that anti-hero life (39 Photos)
As gorgeous as always
This is so cool!
Please give this awesome kid a RT!
me encantan los domingos
Thank you for bringing me on this beautiful scenic journey. Some day I will visit in person
There's flowers in this.
get you a boy that tells you to lock the door when he leaves, but then locks it himself bc he knows you
Have a peaceful groovy Sunday
Image found on Pinterest
Katy perry
something you want to let your fans know!
ilysm!!
Yea!!! That gackt album was so nice and omg baby vox and utada
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO OUR LEADERNIM
IKON - KIM HANBIN ( B.I )
Thank you for creating Queen LOVE SCENARIO
really amazing, my Lord.
Just wanted to let everyone know that I love you so much and so happy to have you all in my life :3
My favorite moment of the game
Thank you po Lord sa lahat! You really are the best!
You already know it is appreciate it
My little library
then
so excited for you! such a great accompaniment
happy bday carrie
Anne Marie playlist is playing out loud in da gym . Egg cited for tmr concert
Happy birthday
pls forget about this masterpiece
Obrigadooo
ease go vote guys paid votes get prizes!! Vote for in the MV Contest Trick or Treat
THIS IS LIGIT MY BACKGROUND ILYSM
Thank you so much
Charme
ma gal I love you your such a phenomenon actor
Ty#hamburg today leaves No
Excuse the quality rare catch me without a smile on my face Have a great Sunday
GG
I love with all my
that is what friends are for :)))))
... Jack succhiato ...
Well deserved brother
20 beats for $15
20 beats for $15
20 beats for $15
+ if you cashapp/paypal ready i will throw 5 extra beats
Stay strong man
Thando
Niyaaz
My top 2
Love this spirit
Ty#hamburg today leaves No
Wow
girl
Love him to peaces best friends to life
hello I just wanted to say that I love Corey Haim so much
Love never seemed so beautiful until you came along.
you're always welcome! also, somehow i can relate bcoz i can remember how i felt when monster's teaser was released
The best player in the world
CONGRATS YOU TWO! YOU BOTH DESERVE IT SO MUCH! ILLY
I am really proud of you, thank you for being the best leader IKON had
glad my girlfriend is loyal & I actually trust her with my whole heart
Heyyy
they really do.
Learn Grow and Love . But never leave yourself behind.
thx bro
something great happened to u finally !!!
This is but Wonho saying ALL my iPads.... I love a rich king
Friday Afternoon drive to inland
Join us! Qatar Follow
.
Qatar
Good Morning
Happy bday to ur mommy
Finally in Sunny Florida and I be happier
FIRST CONCERT NA PINUNTAHAN KO TOOO
. [21-10-18]
ig stories
thankyou besh!! loveyou mooore
All the best
Love you
Having a date with my sister tonight to talk about her wedding so excited, we are going to make it beautiful
Stop bashing and trashing our men! We love them
Masculinity my
Thailand
20 beats for $15
20 beats for $15
20 beats for $15
+ if you cashapp/paypal ready i will throw in 5 extra beats
Belle Trunk or treating hot to touch an albino corn snake!
Desde francia
Just shown Ahmad this he says Thank you hope the same for you all
When your mom tells you that you have italian ancestry. All makes sense.
I am so so impressed. He is a good man
||
LO VEO Y AUN NO LO CREO GRITE CUANDO VI A LAY NUESTRO OT9
Good morning
Three pairs of shoes from my favorite shoe shop and a lovely dress
All the best Zoya.
I can feel you.
I hate these presentations equally.
Get it!!
anjo
The weeknd
Beautiful pic from Swarovski she's so beautiful
Good morning and happy Sunday!
Sharing this again, as I really appreciate the message.
This is the cutest thing ever seen lol I wait for this
both devastated. It was unexpected.
... biondi in sega ...
And he killed the performance
all the best baby. js do the papers like how u've been practising!!! jiayous it'll be over soon
Much of what our students need goes far beyond academics.
Minha
You got this
Just know you are loved from all of us on stan twitter
Fighting
Everything is right in the world again.
Thato
She is too!!
Exo + Exol = Love
Facts and theories is
She is too!!
You deserve every ounce of affection babycakes.
We love love you.
Less then one month. I am so excited
Idk why just now seeing this but hey, I LOVE YOU SO MUCH
so fucking heavy
That's where I danced in the street, boys!
Damn, these pictures take me back! Love it!
Happy birthday
I love you
PLEASEEEE JOIN THIS GIVEAWAY
Mall with my BOYS
Je t'aime bby
Ty man
If meant for you, it will find you
Hii, will you come to France in 2019?? love you
touching video it was.
I miss you, i love you. I miss you more, and i love u so
You look so beautiful Jill, as always.
We are at Chapters in Dartmouth, come visit! Meeting so many incredible booksellers and readers
Wow
4 Tags trending today for
FanaticalNGKSoon
Happy Birthday Binnie
ready to be president!
And his memos are so much better than the one we have right now
end the day by meeting my baby
Andy10.9, Thanks for the follow and please feel free to RT and our pictures.
A Chile lo he visto ya en dos listas, vamos ctm
Sleep in embrace mood
but I have nobody to embrace :))
BillboBaggins12, Thanks for the follow and please feel free to RT and our pictures.
better w you Imy
La mia Playlist
some of favorite A&B lyrics
For the dna era they also wore the same ones I think
Wow with the chemistry! emma roberts and hayden christiensen
Happy Birthday to the love of my life a once in the lifetime type of woman and truly truly blessed
thank youu ate. always doing things with Him
three burned pancakes, lots of vpn apps and loads of stress later here we are, thank all u lada for help
Awesome
Everything about this shot makes me happy, our daughter meglazarowich at with her
Beautiful! Love this
Just finished work can I get a cheeky follow I think I deserve it after today
stg I got the best surprise for norm
It was incredible,never sung so much
P.S. you guys are awesome
Birdenbiree...
We are Black Rose and
That's amazing! What a great family bonding experience.
LIVE BO4 SUR MA CHAINE MAINTENANT
I miss victorious, especially cat valentine
Haaye I adoreee wife
Each nd every decent men deserves a wife like ji
Happy birthday sweetheart I hope you get lots Of presents and cake
Np my dood
Congrats!
Good morning
I love this man so so so so so much
FINALLY!
EXO
ot9 cb
Valentine
This year you're mine no_pacification!
And you, whom will be yours?
Jason is so hot!
Red
Tia santa
H16BD to my day one broski!!! wait for summer & lifeguarding(; love you forever si
Happy birthday BI
cast all your anxiety on Him because He cares for you praying you feel okay soon
LEMME BREATH!!!
Nice to meet you too, reba
I believe
Bem top!
Jesus is love
Done Liked & Shared.
Duncormick, Wexford, Ireland
As I am - H.E.R
And the beautiful bride too!
Yes!!! Grandpa Herschel
is my favorite friend here. She's gorgeous and funny . I love her so much
Today's another beach day more pics on Instagram-
Tonight
in love with my World Superbike :)
Hi there
Still a KING
The Worship Team is ready! at Pinnacle Community Church
Jesus is love
Same to you my lovely friend message you in a bit, and then we can continue our lovely conversation on DM
Sunset Park, LV
Thank you Andi
I love Coffee Manila, Philippines
Oh lord!! And sunday too
Valentine
This year you're mine chacoookie!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL & I LOVE YOU! Hold your head up!
Always glad to work with
Shooting Black Butler again today!
Jesus is love
Love you
Heaven
What did you feel when you learned that your music would be in a soap opera in Brazil? Brazil loves you
Go follow
I'm in love with the fuzaxmiraculous collection, so i decided to draw mari wearing it
After watching The Hate You Give; Thug life has a whole new meaning
Omg no way are related Happy Birthday Paris
Wow
4 Tags trending today for
Swear I could just live in cute coffee shops
When you steal his sweatshirt for a couple weeks and he takes it back...
Sunday = Funday
Buy organic. Buy C3
Jesus is love
Emotional af I feel like a parent suddenly.
Sublime
Morning guys. I hope you all slept well :3 ily. Hope you guys have an amazing day
Honestly I just want all my super talented friends to win, for us all to eat together on the long table
Aww as long as okay i be sad Sad
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BOY
Happy birthday dear Kim Hanbin aka BI godblessyouu the best leader hope u always be happy n success in
Aww thanks so much xxx
I was delighted we got the opportunity to share part of our story on the
thank you so much my girl of valor
This is such a cute friendship
Welcome
Happy birthday
HAHA still wondering bakit ka nacrop jokeee!! Rest well!! YAAAAAYYY SEE U SOON
yieeeee, labyu 24/7
Happy Birthday, My love
Always up for Discord, salt, and nug nugs
Happy birthday to our dearest & self-less leader Thank you for all of your sacrifice! Thank you for giving us
Thank you, Lord
For more information, please check out . Thank you.
NCSU = good people
Muy Feliz Dia
We San Francisco! Explore a few of the most iconic buildings, courtesy of Curbed SF.
!! Im still recovering
Thankyou be
There is a glimpse of the 2011-2014 kaydee. Love it
The irony of it all is using a filter. sorry for that negativity sis have a beautiful rest of ur day
stay fly
How cool is this love it
I believe
Oil is what I use every day to stay ok.
They're so beautiful
Thank you so much for everything
Best recommendation! Both have helped me soooo much
thank you darling love you too
Jesus knows everything done, and He still loves us.
RT Have a great Sunday folks
parceirinha
Yuri at in brand ranking
Proud of her always
Thank you.
hello love
gala with sissy
Yass queen, i'm so happy for your succesful con
Amen, thank you Jesus
Are you a lover? Madrid has its own bar to preserve the legacy alive
*Excited yuri noises* Gotta love the yuri service in this game
Happy anniversary to the guy who always makes me smile!! I love you,
Done my friend!!
Pinky promise get to see you live one day?
x x x
Yw I love ya too
ME DA SEU CABELO HAAAAA QUE PERFEITOOO
NO MAMES .. SE VIENE EL COME BACK DEL OH SEHUN QUE HERMOSO ERES
TWINNIE
..but I still want you
Happy birthday jazzz love and miss you hunny
What a weekend!!! With Reenies Rockettes, 2 sold out shows, amazing memories with beautiful friends a great
OPM
That's why i love you
Only you can set my heart of fire
The vamps
You gotta love Mr.
Gotta say loving the hair here
Congratulation on yixing being in this album exo-ls
the ink
Happy Sunday ! Online for a little while , come roll my dice!
been a mean world withoutcha , boy I love you , I love you
Thank you!!! I love you
My brain is currently shitting itself so wrapped myself in blankets and obsessively playing
Iloveyoumost!
Good Morning Anna!
Have a blessed and beautiful Sunday!
Let's make America
Best experience of my life, knew still be here with u all
Ya estas interminables charlas con mis ...
Thanks for the avi go check him out
I this stat.
Gucci
Welcome to the New SuBaek era
off to church
What a babe.
Aw, Herodes sitting up for a treat from Sauli.
I SO CLOSE TO 2.3k PLAYS OMFG! so proud of my vocals in this! Have you
Lee Brothers
always in my
Overwhelming never-ending reckless love of God! at The Abbey Church
As always
Rust in vrede, Opa...
Thanks, Jen! Elections are a fickle beast. I will still use my voice to stand up for students. That won't change.
I love him so much omg
Know the feeling, lol! Hope you guys had a fab time in Mexico
good & so are you, my simple joys.
Baby shower was a huge success much love everyone thank you
This really is me and Maryama
Friday Afternoon drive to inland.
Join us! Qatar Follow
Thanks hun!!
im so bless thanks God thanks Bir agil
Gracias Twitter, te amo
wow
I love youuuu
Aww, thanks pumpkin!
Lof
Ask me would I leave you baby thats out of the question.
Happy birhday the best leader
that crispy sound man
you always make me smile, despite the miles
NCT empathy
message for always here for you, sam! Kaya mo yan, give up! I love you
Love you bro
Gracias
mertalas on IG bday to my angel
It feels like Chill
Happy
Giveaway?
20 like
Follow Profile
Done Followed, Liked & Shared.
World Gourmet Summit
4 days till Jackson is moving to LA & reunites with Dylan ! Let the countdown begin ! Wait
Lucky freaking u like shit u rich af I even get on ticket so happy for u tho
KRYSTA IS MY WIFE AND I WILL PROTECT THAT CUTE LITTLE WINK
Besides that, I Tech
MALAYSIAN ARMY THAT WANTS TO GO TO BTS LOVE YOURSELF TOUR IN SINGAPORE 2019 ! THIS IS YOUR CHANCE !
-ONLY
Complex
I will be sent a mistake ewallet this week. From my mouth to Gods ears
Ah Minto, always making me smile with your comics
I love it
Love this Any other creative ways been using in the classroom?
I would love one, your videos are so funny and cute !
Happyyyyy Goodnight
I Chloe. good people. Definitely hug her for me please ??
My new boo she a keeper
Their family support is so beautiful, even if stef forgot to mention during the speech, all there.
We're still recovering from watching the making music video for "Stay By My Side" It's so beautiful
Happy birthday jazz love and miss you hunny
Thanks coach, god bless you
Done watching exes baggage, I think I cried to much ugh!
No problem!
finally
Look at the best esports family
I'm really grateful for this day, missed seeing everyone ; u ;
Congratulations on this beautiful new chapter of your life! I am so happy for you!
Poetry healing my wee soul!
More at
.
My drummer boy is eating
Kwiyeo
A2) 8 is her favourite number , u can see .
I want to win this It will
Lovely, thanks
Goodmorning Tweeps
Thank you taylor for showing a good example, equiv to rm65k. I know you have a pure and sincere heart
Where does the time go?! My beautiful Vi. Happy Birthday CoCo's sweet angel.
Thank you so much for reading and appreciating, Asma
We the GC
We found out that I was pregnant with a boy Omggggg!
I am the only one waiting for family episode
kids with wife and 's Twins daughters
It will
; such a beautiful meaning
He would absolutely love that
Thank you sweetheart
Af
2 years ago this day i gave my life to christ.
A year ago yesterday i got baptized.
Best decisions of my life.
Thank you for kindness my friend
Sweet! Luv you too
my heart
to all Buy exclusiv on Beatport:
Uma noite com meus
I wishhh
I wanna go on a date
this why I post my relationship! no ones business when we are mad or happy !
Absolutely , infact he's best in the word.. I love him so much
Literally these people became nothing but family in a blink of an eye & I be any happier
logo
Peace for human love to Allah
Whussh~
Thank you! It's from Topshop
What an excellent day! My heart is so full of love for this amazing Rockstar
Iti malia
My mom is such a cute doggie grandma she sends me updates of scooter while at work
Thank you for your compassion.
Ps thank you to the beautiful ppl at for making my time there so comfortable
He's always been!! And looks fantastic!!
I still only use
Entre rayas
Love you
Merci beaucoup
Blade and Melody are filling the void but it's not the same .
Kairo and Messi were special
I still love the same guy, A.H.A.R
People are unpredictable.
Inconsistencies prevail in this world.
No one is perfect all the times.
Be prepared for changes.
Halloween turned spooky hawt
goodmorning! have a nice day
Well my nephews team just lost, almost made it to the super bowl his first year! So proud of him
What am I happy about today?
That Trump is my President
I my President Trump because he America
and
Partner for today
Success happens when you desperately obey GOD
-Sen Jeol Villanueva
all love bro
I liked a video Caspian & Everleigh's FIRST SNOW Date!! Cutest Little Snowboarders | Slyfox
Thank you for this wonderful pet cave, me and meowmy love it so much Thank you so much
My friends are mentally retarded , but its okay i love them & all 2 of the brain cells they have left
I MEAN IT IN THE BEST WAY LMAO
You're not only my friend , my soulmate also my sister . The kindest and cutest person ever , I love you so so much.
Jungkook y J-Hope
Muchas gracias Ali. Que tengas un hermoso domingo
Great season Brett!
My ninth monthly travel reflection
17/9-16/10
Thank you SO much for this story.
Nothing beats late good night talk before sleeping.
C L O S E R
.
Lovers: & mayamaniar
HMU: fatfacebeauty
JEWELS: FatChix, Inc.
te amo
*pinned tweet* para always motivated hehe thankyou luv, ilysm!
I miss them so much
WE ARE ONE!
Yeah RT
Yeah true Thanks
happy birthday bubba , have a good one and may god continue blessing you w more .
All the best
thank you a!! love making memories with you!! i love you so much!!
Done watching exes baggage, I think I cried too much
Te amo
Thank you!!
on IG Stories
Congratulations to 2018 winner of Product Innovation wiieee proud of our 3rd yr rep Cathrina Biol
Fatto, sono itsfabseverdeen
Indeed... but still plenty of smaller trusts & foundations support in this way!
my other half
RECADO
J I K O O K N A M O R A
~Lari
Today Jesus is really showing out on this weather Florida
x x x excited to hear your feelings Lea
R.I.P First // Code:"Haptic" beste Empfehlung
Beautiful dresses
Ridden and loved them all
Danielle has playing in season 1 episode 20 in 2015
Ganhei
hellu smiley
i hope today is a great day for you you're looking so soft today again , i'm just so happy to
Goonies away to come on the tele absolute classic
it makes me feel so good seeing all the stickers on cars in Texas
My lovely red box
Probably meeting Mel xxx
Aveces me paso de linda
yes we always knew simon would come back to me
i just wanna ask if
if you cant dont do anything
Fallin' all in you
I was there for that!!!
Babai Abbai
Golden child is L O V E
Yassssssss!!!!!!!! back
this...
releasing tomorrow
FoortfetishFoot
llllTOKYOllll
takashirokun1
VoiceOfRod
princess_teamus
Blondy_Official
Fidem__
I am speechless. This is amazing
Thank you
I love you too, babe!
One of the best scene in the movie. Personally my most favorite scene .
bgm
Aravindha Sametha
Via IGTV Cover
and from event
Love this
I can watch this all day!
Here u go
Good Night
Chou Tzuyu
good luck to all my moots taking maths tmr
I hate everybody equally
been Blessed Beyond Measure! What was a blessing in your life this week?
Have a blessed
Jedyny prawilny Malik to Malik Montana
I can watch that cute video for millions time
Aff esse frio
Byebye Morocco
You are very lovely
A pic to Be framed NKR-Eessha on occasion of love to see Both on one
have the same mentality because family important
thank you!!
My swings back and forth between the need for routine and the urge to run.
OMG AHAHAHAHAHA NAG-EENGLISH PA TAYO DITO HELLO KABABAYAN
Proudly married to one
Every year
What a great Pic Love it
WAHHHH~ SOCCER BASEBALL FAM KAYA!! Of course kaya sad sa other teams
Rest in power AB
Yerr happy birthday Heidi
Lubie misie
goodmorning
Catching up on is absolutely gorgeous! She definitely need to be insecure - natural beauty
Feliz dia ma Teamo
Legend
Start with hello
gma is like my childhood
Fall in Love with
Eastside by Benny Blanco, Halsey & Khalid.
Take care. Enjoy ur evening.
only made a twitter to follow my boy Castro
dare to be and and beautifully
Why eres tan hermoso?!!
de mi se ve tan
She's the best mom.
Last night I married my best friend
I love you moreeee
a song for Cheap Thrills by Sia
love
You're amazing
Looking No geography cock
Barrica Party
2 about you
Liebe am Nachmittag.
aka
thank you so much
I hope that also do a concert nearer from my city
hear
Enabler of psycho behavior
I am headed there shortly!
Love it
I belong to your heart
Giving Thanks (@ Saint John Vianney Catholic Church in Houston, TX)
We are trending no. 1 in less than an hour exols are on fire
Congratulations sir
Pineapple juice so good mixed with orange and guava juice I always got them im the fridge
I'm so proud of you guys
Church seems to relieve so much from me
I love me some Michelle Obama. one of my heroes.
handsome as fuck
I the commitment.
Now if we could get the Ted Cruz supporters to
mon ptit bb
Am still in awe of her. She was the coolest, most talented gal ever
,,, all this will pass, look at me you will know
Infinite Showtime First Episode The best. I cri. OT7 precious moments
Amo demais esse
Good Morning I hope you have a great Sunday! Sending positive vibes your way this morning
Coisinhas que me fazem feliz
I have this on repeat!!!
listening to 2ne1 their songs so nice wish they could make a cb....and since I miss jinki lots I am imaging him
Thank you babe I love you
:,)
naraid66
cnx#wifnlbud
so in love with our costumes.
always held him down, he knows where homes at
I never stopped
San Francisco
This was only 6 years ago...they grow up so fast. Love them
Thanks for writing this It took strength to pull out rather than continue for the wrong (and
Tota I was going to go to school ka di installment this week but the quan are she got me
It was fun visiting ISI Surakarta
I'm hoping that I can be this university's student Next year
GUSTA GLEE? SIENTES RARO Y SOLITARIO?
PUES NO ESPERES Y DA MG
You are beloved!
WELCOME
Shawn Mendes
Maratona Harry Potter
Our true Pope
Had a lovely afternoon starting off with a little visit to
When your legs get tired, run with your heart
Feliz
Meu todinho te amo vida
Haha no thank you we can babysit my nieces and nephews
I the theme of this clip.
Shot from Sebastian's new movie. Is it wrong I love his hair here? All the best for the new movie guys and I
Happy birthday to our dearest and hard working leader Hanbin you are the most precious diamond in my world
Goodnight world
And my sweetheart
I can wake up next to you every morning
Yes! I was so excited when my name was called lol missed you
"Kuya, ate I love you"
My heart is melting I love you too Lil bro
Aamiin, mksihhhh lanny
full of hearts
Amoo
SMQ984
10newsa
:
It's been very difficult, an unstated word. I'm sorry you are struggling as well thank you for being there for me
Mes gros
Your happiness is also our happiness Happy Birthday!
Te amo
amazing eyes
Im good! Going back to the hospital to check on others. Love you
I hope everything will be okay for you <3 Thank you, me too
On my bucket list
Anatomy with Love coloring book
Fall in Love with your organs!
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
I FUTSAL
Manaus-Am
This is a great song about Keith and Nicole. He wait to get back to his Baby Girl, always and forever
your poems have inspired me in so many ways. you have no idea how much light you bring. thank you
Awe thank you
I will always know how it feels, that's why I am the person that I am.
so in love with our costumes.
Happy Happy 20th Birthday Beni!!! Nabusog mo kami
And I love you.
He had one job, and he nailed it.
my girl! proud of you
ok so I made this and I'm fair proud
Sunday = Funday
Buy organic. Buy C4 SCRUB
May my mom allows me to buy this onesie. Amiinn
Keeping you in the loop is very important. Our Network Disclosure has not changed when it comes
Love them all
I need this two together!!
Nadia and Guzman
Jimin y Yoongi
Hahahahah love u
Thank you, very much!
FINALLLLLLLYYYY!! ITS HAPPENING SOON I CAN'T WAIT ANY MORE LONGER. ALWAYS AND FOREVER, A PROUD ERI
this Friday in Hartford.
no cover just wear a costume and your dancing shoes.
- i was "follower of the day" in theo's vlog again and he replied to my comment on insta !!! (13.10.18)
I can't believe on my eyes what I'm seeing
Thank you so much
Ot9
I was waiting for this one
My brothers are the best in the whole world
- lena replied to me on insta, not much but made my day!!! (14.10.18)
SUCH A BEAUTIFUL HAND
I have faith in you sister
Yesterday was everything that I wanted and more! what a day!
have a happy comeback together fam! We deserve it
i feel like bubu the fool for wanting him to leave last
Happy birthday BI sml!!
- tatiana faved my tweet and liked + replied to my comment on insta (14.10.18)
a little explorer on tour
YAAAANNN!! IDEAAAAL GIRL AA
Tout tout tout pareil
It makes me feel SO much better with you here in the U. S.
I cant belive ~ OT9
Thank you so much dear
My neighbor is so cute and sweet I love her
This so cutee
My childhood friends
Entre monte y brisa
for life and love can't wait
Thank you, very much, man!
These Taxi marshals are having a joyous day because my legs are open and wearing a skirt and they can see my panties.
Thru these tears // LANY
Erikon is the sweetest things
Dear please press the EP on vinyl !
Thank you you too my beautiful friend
- poppy liked + replied to my comment on insta, made my day!!! (18.10.18)
it was a beautiful setting and evening for a wedding, with the most beautiful bride congratulations Jaime and
Tier 3 on Patreon getting 5 photosets, more than 400 items total! All lewds!
Pledge
Yho Thando's voice but the way she sings
melhor companhia
my faves i luv u both always
Mi Copito de
Happy birthday for us!
Ab to fully zarurat ha
ganhei de iti
2 MORE DAYS.
congratulations
Nosipho sorry. Wishing you all the best for the future. You were amazing. You touched and healed my soul
I know how u can spread the love lol give us a huge discount on merch
Happiness comes
Yes he is
Goodd luccckk my dearest Gall
Nick, thanks for the message! Awww shucks :) We're so glad to hear this!!! Spread the word
Always fall in with
I love these pictures of Emiliano
sure it has been. Lost dad 5 years ago. hang in there!
Ui
"Kuya, ate I love you"
Our hearts are melting We love you too Lil bro
NUEVO DIRECTO Torneo alfa en directo gente
New Fall Outfit Faves -
sweet dream, babe
GC, you are absolutely stunning
eating burgers and fries at McDo Primark Cauayan
Yes. My personal mantra.
Frfr! Declared and decreed!
Always support you
You are my personal & yeah I take this personal
El Shithouse. Our shithouse.
My boys in blue
You guys, this camera is my fetish.
PARK CHAN YEOL!!!
OMG LOOK AT OUR GIANT PUPPY WITH THOSE SILVER BANGS COVERING HIS FORHEAD
LOOK AT THAT LOOK
Sounds like back to normal and draining all your subs again
A BAILAR A LOS 45 MILLONES DE VISTAS
i hope life treat you well and please stay healthy we love you sooooo much our leader
Tessa is one of our old ladies, but she definitely can still move when she hears food
88rising was so amazing Definitely the best concert ever been too.
Mind the gap...
crying THIS ART ,SO BEAUTIFUL AND AMAZING I WANT THIS ALBUM !!!!!!
Truly stunning
Miss you, Space Mom.
Maravilhosa !
Good morning I am up at a stupid early time and I hate it. Stream after work in about 7 hours
Goodnight love
Live Streaming Come Join Up
Aww my boo Morgan was da only girl inna pic
Love you
Gracias por tanto
Happy birthday ran..may you always bless with happiness
Thanks to for texting me to let me know
Thank you Cel
Viernes de Bora Bora
samimiyet
Another Manip
happy birthday to the little sister i never knew i needed !!! so proud of all overcome dude. i love you
I see Lay
H a p p y B i r t h d a y
Happy Birthday Kim Hanbin
Stay happy, healthy and cutie
See you soon baby
Feliz gracias a todos
I love you cousin
Hbd! B.I
Speed loving bikers enter the fragment of frozen time as they
Tout tout tout pareil
i know miss you forever
love you Mac
sunday , enjoy today
Thanks my love
My sister hella cute...soo y'all welcome
These photos are so rich and elegant
MAGA 45 Monday EXPRESS
If you want to join these MAGA Patriots, /RT/Follow ALL
Watch LIVE: President
happy birthday pretty enjoy
Vai as duas.. rss
Birthday na Happy pa. Yes. Another year older. A big THANK YOU to all who greeted me. It still flatters me to
won awardI admired him Anna Love you so
The Thamizh Anthem that ruled millions
.
.
.
p/s : im gonna log off. i'll log in again in dec. goodnight fam
Happy birthday ! Kevina you never forget to tell me happy birthday so I will never forget to tell you (: See you soon bro
No one in your life is with you constantly. No one is completely on your side.
-I Know Him So Well by Whitney Houston.
your greeting are much appreciated
Every day... All the time
You are no way a shitty person Mika. I will ways play games with you, anytime
Rey smoke this fat ass thoink
COMO UMA DEUSAAAAAAA
so cuteeee
strive, to seek, to find, and not to How British.
this is happiness and this is
COMO EU AMO
STAY BY MY SIDE
day 7/8 PM EST on
THANK YOU FOR 2.000 FOLLOWERS!
I love Ari but this was spot on!
For those of you who guessed my dog Tuna's breed for his breed reveal. Here are the results!
25% Chihuahua -
Never apologize for being a happy, passionate dude, dude.
At last some national advertising!
this fic is amaaazzinggg!! your dialogue is perfect and so in character
I will also sent this over to them and will follow up on Monday!
Omg!!!!! Thank you for this thread!! This is greatly appreciated and made my life easier ksksshshshshs
I LOVEEEEE UUUUU W I MISS UUUUU KTEEER KTEEER KTEEER.
I stan a right person Drag them king
My husband sends this to me this morning-my Love: a true Cynic, but still romantic :)
cheers to 6 or 7??? years of our friendship!!!! yAAAYY BUTI PA TAYO TUMAGAL KAHIT ANLAYO NATIN SA ISA'T ISA.
TE AMO, I'M PROUD
Sunny Sunday
Thanks for the follow!
Thanks
My Grandma & I. I love her a lot, she's my best friend.
One of my favourite songs
because waiting for mine. get to work Maia
ela
Special memories being made in California.
God Bless Carol Rankin
We are family
Family is
So Excited can't wait
Thank you Paris for this moment!! The city of is now the city of
I have so much in me, and the feeling for her absorbs it all; I have so much, and without her it all comes to nothing.
A clay shooting facility has become the latest place to receive a defibrillator from Avril's Trust.
Thanks
Have a good sleep, you both!
Junhoe may be my bias now, but happy birthday to the first K-Pop idol I wanted to marry!!!
Oh that would be great
Just wanna thank God should have been long gone. BUT GOD
pregnant and crying
Welcome to Kissington! We only spread love, kisses and hugs around here No wonder kids grow so fast in our
Big s to for another SOLD OUT Saturday!! + for coming by
on IG Stories
[rpw] cheer up! i'm with you unnie!
fr:
Peace of mind makes the body healthy, but jealousy is like a cancer.Proverbs 14:30 Share This Verse
happy 18th birthday pat!! hope you have nothing but the best today!! i love n miss u so mucho!!
Congratulations love x
ILOVEYOUTOO EUNICE
Artisan crafted silver heart pendant Authentic Nordic design
So sweet El Lou
Handsomeness personified! perfect and spectacular click of Superstar Sir during the
Happy birthday Danielle!!! I hope you have a wonderful day and imy lots
Happy Sunday everyone. Make it a great day. As always....Be the Best you. Quote for the day: future
your account looks pure class
Sunday morning cartoons
Jus 2 dorks, still a dork Kim, not so much lol ~ Happy Birthday to this natural amazing beauty inside &
8?
6aybh w 5oush wa7dh+ra7 aboug mn ur acc + tweet on point+kg w allah ya7fthech
When we love something we don't hold back. Evidence.
Quilted bombers
Sueded booties
Hang in there! Trust in God
CHALLENGE BET 1:
Borussia MGladbach match over 0.5 FH goals
returns
if you're on!!!
Wooow!! I keeps on increasing! a good start for their comeback.
atam
Thank u so much ! Balik ulit kayo please
Massage for tonight 0559739647
Westbury Newclare
She keep it realer than some niggas that I knew
Beautiful pics from Franco make you want some desert right now
shippo muitooooooo
same I don't know how to express it nobody was talking w me so I called you
I'm so damn haooy
Remebering today. Wales will never forget this tragic event
I used to love D games. lol ya man hit you get some new shoes
My top 3: Yanga, Thato and Thando in no particular order. They all have magic
Thank you love
precious
Bed time
This is not uncommon
Last night celebrating 20 years a friendship
Short film.
Miss you!!! wait for you to be home!
Block A-versary 30 years
Jordan's expression on camera
Honestly
Facts
Not all. Bukon pati ako. Cheer up avs, we all have purpose in this place
We some Halloween humor!
Shop Now:
.
.
.
Both it xx
I'm so sorry Kelsey. I'm here if you need anything.
Alhamdulillah
Um top desse
Having a friends with the same mental disorder is a blessing.
ms.jhennybear joycelosito
thanks for the drive AMAZING stuff holy moly! Take care everyone
You're a queen, and you'll get your chance soon enough I promise
I found ice-cream and my life automatically became better
Paris loves you
Omg how cool is that???!!!!!
* The Akita *
Loyal Loving Devoted Caring
Some say they are an Angel disguise
Here we have the very
happy bday bro have a good one
I just bought Katy Evans-Bush a Coffee on Ko-fi! You should too. via
My hair slowly getting there
RT RT Follow everyone who likes this
My Babies!!! wait
really really gorgeous. Like no cap
I this lady so much and think this is awesome!
this is sooooooooooooo AMAZING
Love her
Thanks alot my gee
One love
Ahhhhh cara, n tem como n amar a Shirley
Facts!!
Time to sleep Goodnight folks! Godbless
now watching vice's concert
thank u babe
I love it!
Je t'aime
Pretty much
Happy Sunday from Maison Midi! Food and fun awaits
Marriages: 1
Divorces: None!
Children: 1 boy & 1 girl.
Step children: Nope.
Grandchildren: Hell
thanks ate! God bless pod
Awe
Good
You like what I did there ?
That's a great idea! It's hard to cope with what has become such an extraordinarily callous and cruel world
Are you a believer in body positivity? What has been your experience with the movement?
Ok LA!! DO this!!!!! attending Black Chicks at the DTLA Film Fest
CAROL TRENTINI ANJO
Thank you so much Mark, Ben, Christian, and Paul! Mahal ko kayo! a night to remember indeed
special thanks
It really is growing on me as well... AMG package
Happy 1st ever monthsary to us! You know how much I love you.
1 hour left at work nd get this text happy Sunday x
Hit LIKE if you're getting hungry just looking at this
Seeing this first thing in the morning, before back to HR Monday? Heaven. Follow her!!!
Happy Birthday hanbin oppa Saranghae
Thank you, Patty.
always be happy,
always be healthy,
happy birthday my love
For the sweetest girl
I wanna because it made me matter and it's my light from the darkness.
happy birthday sa not so pogi kong bestfriend, mahal kita
You're most welcome. I'm glad you found me. Your music is so relaxing, the lyrics are so powerful.
Happy Birthday kim hanbin ~ shi.. enjoy your day my loves we love you the best leader in the world
good evening
I this man
Of course done
happiest birthday wish you all the best. gluck in errthang always here
One year
AAAA SO READY FOR ERA!! WELCOME BACK KINGS
You are my person, will always be my person
My boyfriends mom is so cute lol.
Love ART VMFA Virginia Museum of Fine Arts
Happy birthday
All of the love received from you guys around has been amazing, and we want to give some back!
Darby therapy
happy birthday hanbin ! you are now 22 years old ! i'm not gonna wish long , yeah that's all may god bless
very proud of you !!
My heart just melted
AZURE CONFERENCE 2018
Time ESX
buy here: or
Ly
I LOVE YOU someone needed that xo
screams. i didn't expect you would but. oh my. thank you so much, i love this. come be my mutual
Watching it as I speak
Thankyouu. bless you
Love you
We love our customers! Thanks for stopping by & checking in with us!
Aww thanks hope you see them soon too if you haven't yet :'v
I'm a
One and only f one and only
Time for a little game of THIS or THAT? With Halloween fast approaching, which do you prefer? Tap a or for
It breaks my heart that you experience this ugliness. We are human beings and we are one
to the one who works the hardest, to our genius producer, happy birthday
and you are..
Aw okay we have to hang again soon!
Goodnight
:
Beautiful dress on my beautiful little niece
My mum is going to give a run for their money.
All done
Your personal style in one pretty little necklace.
Beautiful celebrations last night London,
Honestly you are so talented. You deserve way more recognition and love than you get babe
Of course babyyyyy Im so happy NAMANANANANANANNANANA
nerinicoli on IG Stories
Bounce has been out and I am overwhelmed with all the love it received! . I can't wait until the rest of my
Nine Percent weibo update
The best maknae
My bday has officially ended. Thank you to everyone who greeted me and made my day extra special! Love you all!
Tbm amamos vc
Totally something out of a fairytale I want
happy birthday love!!! u deserve everything iloveyouuuu
I will also send this over to customer service and follow up to make sure we get it taken care of!
Allauddin Khilji WEDS Padmavati
Where d hell is Raval Ratan Singh?
OMG you are so cute of course we are enjoying it
-
-
Happy Birthday dii.. Many Many Returns Of the Day
wannable, follow everyone who retweets and likes this
Thanks, babe!
Many many heartily Congratulations to you for 60 th Century..
Thank you!!! and we really forsure but we have the same last name lmao
Happy birthday, !! Love u always
This is the type of content I want to receive when away and at home with the baby
Yendo q festejar con
Come support the Lady Chargers as they FINALLY host the Tollgate Titans . JV at 4:30, Varsity at 6:00.
Hey there!! I miss you soo much
aimankhan.official
Lahore winter feels
Happy one year anniversary to this amazing girl. I love you baby
Don't doubt yourself dude, everyone has bad days
Awww! I love you Jonah! You are so sweet!
Wow, we love kings who openly show love to other kings.
I'm good now thank you Hun, just gotta rest now
I love you so much and I miss you so much
is my mood of the day
Your always there for meee
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KIM HANBIN
Cepu +50
Like it sooo much
And like u too baby
Thank you so much for being a part of EXO! I love you Papa Xing!
Eu amo esses mlk
Keep up the good work Ladies, proud of you all, and Gemma and back room staff!
Why do people love skateboarding? Skateboarding is fun, affordable and very portable for transportation.
I love Morgan Harper Nichols
AYY BIRTHDAY BUDDIES im turning 20 on the 15th :)
WEEEEEEE LA DISTANCIA ES CACA BC EN EFECTO NUESTRA AMISTAD ES ETERNA TE AMO UN CHINGO MENDIGA
One love
Thanks bro
Love you friend
barcelona, Spain
Matando a saudade
I Like this
Greece
19th!!
AS CRAZY AND STRESSFUL AS HE IS I CAN SEE WHY SHE STAYS, HE ABUSE HER AND DOES SHIT LIKE THIS!
I love you so much! YOU ALWAYS MAKE MY DAYS SO GOOD
I love how markobar constantly showing their support towards iKON and iKONICS terimakasiiiihhhhhhh
hello there
thank you!!
A timeless classic that introduced pop to us
Free transport to a loving home for young sweet affectionate beautiful Miaadopt foster
Happy birthday sa aking main bias Saranghaeee hanbin-ah
i love you
I love this
I love him so much OT9 is the best
Then be there , love you
Happy Birthday to my Wonderful Husband. I love you so much.
All of him is.
It is!
Can't wait to see you in EXO comeback!!
3wheeling level :100
Thando is going far
Que lindo que sea tendencia en Chile
Same. You are always here for me. I love you.
may god bless them with more blessings
Thank you Queen
Keke thanks tho
Hi everyone Enjoy your day!
Baby, I got good luck with you
Yeah, I didn't know we'd get so far
But it's only the start
Blessed to be part of Baby last Primary Program love her soul so much & such a beautiful young
who are you?
jk love you man super chill and a fuck boy
Never wanted to be known as the pretty girl, always wanted to be known as the girl with the brain and a good
can't get over how beautiful you are
Tag Is Nearly 925K+ Tweets..! Lets Make it 1M.. By Tweeting with Tag Tmr...!
aw, because you are who was it?
Aweee I love you
I love it and I love you too
Thando is fast growing to be my favorite
sir telags
3
Bebek
Instable is done
Then come to Philly and my life will be complete
We wait for you
100% !!
My favorite exo song has got to be Call Me Baby and What is Love Its everything in a song i never
This weekend though
Amazing!
hes turning 22 on 22!
you too bro
Happy birthday my bae pls take care yourself and sleep whenever you want
doing what you love
Omggggg! Congratulations!!!!!!!! baby eris ikr. Everyone mess right know!
That's a big help.
Kiss and make up
And I'm a sucker for the way that you move, babe em Brazil
You're too previous for this world. I love you
Then theres the ones who speak on it and do relate.
Yes I so I watch him everyday and he has Taught me so much..so thankful
Hey you guys is on
Classic 80's at it's best love this film
Kim!!! Happy Birthday!!! I miss you so much! I love you!
get through it bae We believe in u!!
Seeing this.. I think i can finish barlow until dawn
Girl, Sunday
To happy birthday!!! I love you so much!!!
LOVE YOU
Greetings from Peru~
I'm so happy today , please rest enought and eat a lot
Like to stay followed unfollowing inactive
Haha love it wa trying to look but a After I saw this picture I died laughing
s/o to the team who made this all possible .
Prayers
Much love
i love you from the bottom of my heart
hope that u have the full video n do the english sub soon.. Thanku n loveu somuch im
Happy birthday beautiful
Thankful and Grateful
NBA Youngboy and Jania Baby Gone Be So Pretty
ashes white as snow das gg
181021 VIDEO
Lo mas tierno que veras hoy.
Cr:Bighit |
ikaw yung taong mahal na mahal ko, thank you for everything love! I love you so much!!
Thank you Eleana
feels
for life and love can't wait
Please look at this!
Thank you! I never lose hope and i swear you are worth the wait
Yixing i love you love your album
im so happy that youre back
So so proud of you Baby Lay your 3rd album is amazing! You have worked hard we love you always
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABE! Kisses from our parents
Jeffree star vlog marathon
We'll come back to my channel hi how are yah
_________ __________
| FIGHT| | MERCY|
Will be missed go out there and secure that bag
It takes a village! The Elephants village is large and strong.
Aaaaahhh I love this song
I loved it, for you I'll watch it again and again
Same! I'm glad you're part of our family
linda
IT WAS SO UNREAL!!
that's ma baby
Awwwh they really are.. bless
me too
Remember this Ad?
Hit if you loved it...
happy BIrthday hanBIn
I love so much he is so goddamn wise and will stand up when needed the most (even tho it
Sorry I posted this on my insta too but happy one year
8 pounds 7 ounces 21 inches
Thank you, I love you!
Mote con yapa tkm
OMG THANK YOU!
passionate freshies give me life SML
Liam in the back
PS TY for the RT on Ghost Writer.
Where there is love, there is life
THANK U SO MUCH U JUST MAKE ME HAPPY I LOVE U
made for each other
match made in heaven
Thanks girl
My king
As always beautiful and stunning Have a great time and be careful baby Is any chance of
It takes a village
As always beautiful and stunning Have a great time and be careful baby Is any chance of
Thank you for sharing the Word and sa pa-pizza!!! Sigsaga naman next time!
Thank you for an incredible Saturday! It was an honor to present at Parent University! We Every
even though i had the shittiest week, there are those select people that can make it amazing in the end
I love this man with all my more thn my husband me best friend soul mate my life the only man
Life's too short for bad - so I delivering fresh beans to my door! + get
Cheers Tommy
It takes a village
Friday Afternoon drive to inland
Join us! Qatar Follow
.
Qatar
Hello!!!
I'm crying this is sooooooo good
My first exo comeback
just gonna guess and 19 1/2 cause how much i was but just happy and excited for
Love you
Jonah you are there for me always
Just need to see my dutch friend
mndsgn - cosmic perspective
You're welcome hun
Im happy everyday bicuz of
Thanks lovely
Love you sis! I laughed last night being with you and Jesse! Hahahaha! Love you
Thank you and followed!
needed this
cute
My birthday is October 30 ^^
Love you King! The whole album is masterpiece, you've worked so hard and I can't wait for my album
Love you mom, thank you as well
We too
Worth it, as always! Thank you ADN!
missed them all so much but she is my princess
Yesss!! The MV is so beautiful
goodmornight
Yesterday was just the best
Syracuse is our Om! Henninger High School
I love you so much
Remembering Denzel my Italian Spinone dog who passed away two years ago today. Always loved and always missed
Lovely lady
Never that
I see no Monica here. I see VIVOREE. This is our girl. A fighter, a survivor and a believer w/ a heart
Well up there in my top list! But also say the late Maya Angelou
Thx mum
I hope not too late hihihi
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BEBE! glad my kpop buddy/cousin
I love you and I
You have a heart of gold
We LOVE it! Thabk you for always working hard and giving us quality music! Can't wait for your
Seriously the sweetest little girl
Thank you!
Please Comment Tysm
(Overton Grange School, sm2 6tq, 7.30pm)
COME AND JOIN US
EVERYONE WELCOME
FIRST
happy birthday king Hanbin, ilysm have a great day
Thank you!!! I be more excited to see this thank you all for putting a show like this on broadway
thank you
I know what he is but I love him
Me mata esta Enginista con Engin
20/10/2018
Blessed to have such loving people all around me
an mood EXOL
Very bold n best interview about
You are my inspiration mumo
Getting close, G-Ma!
Aditi Music is so
Don't forget to sleep, My Chinese Sheep
Happy Birthday! I hope that your special day is full of everything that you want , I Love You So Much
Eu creio em ti Abba pai
Thank you for all, Love u Yixing
Ah, harus ngetwit ini dulu. Nice game. And a little sad too. Congrats Stapac Jakarta!
67 days and counting down...
anney
- One word about
?
: Hard work
In No 1 yari with rana show
Hardwork ki
I love when sports break out into a fight! so exciting
sorry not having a good day Hun
The crying girl and the guy with the cane.
Happy birthday love you little girl
on IG Stories
HANBINNIE HAVE AN AMAZING DAY ...EVERYDAY ... never afraid to do things that make you feel free. Very very happy
Your so precious
Avi n header updated
I love this guy
Love this so much! Happy !!
happy birthday opzczxz i mean ilysm hun! takeee careeee, see youuu sooon
Me and you same Whatsapp group
Thankyou Mark for your votes
I loooove you, you doork! assuming this is Izuku. I love you too.
Congratulations Guy's!!! So happy for you both.
Happy birthday gal, hope having the best love you lots
You can also vote for us by giving us a HEART React or any reactions on our photos in the official Facebook
Sundays are HairDay's
u fw mine slanging iron lose ya brain
NAWALA PAGOD NAMIN THANK YOU EXO MAHAL NAMIN KAYO SEE YOU ON SUNDAY
Snapshot: as celebrated in Borivali Mumbai!
My new happy place is in my bed wrapped in a ton of blankets with candles lit and my Mumford & Sons/Imagine Dragons playlist on shuffle
This music Send you in deep word
Thanks! Ima have to look into those bc furniture is expensive. And thanks hunn!
people who are meant for you will always find their way to you
Colorado is beautiful and all that but ready to cuddle my little dinosaur
~
My Thando
I really love NAMANANA
And tonight you appear in Tempo teaser, thank you so much
I surprised her yesterday I love you so so much my baby. Thank you for being the best!
Maraming Salamat po! Godbless
Maymay and Edward
The feminist in you jumped out and snapped, im so proud to stan you Liam
We LOVE it! Thank you for always working hard and giving us quality music! Can't wait for your
Happy late bday So sorry I missed it but hope you had the best day ever!! Miss ya
loml
We love it it's so cool
STAY HEALTHY AND HAPPY MY KING OF CHINA HOPE YOU READ THIS TWEET.
ARGENTINA LOVES YOU SO MUCH WE
much kinder than me, Sister. I waste my water on mine. Happy Sunday
Most Transferred in Today
1) Martial MF MUN 7.2 15690
2) Mendy DF MCI 6.3 14188
3) Lacazette FW ARS 9.7
always great to see you
Friday Afternoon drive to inland
Join us! Qatar Follow
.
Qatar
I love you with braids
Thank you sweet Annabelle!! So glad I get to work with you love ya!
slutthefaggot: young-smooth-and-mostlynude: Such a good boii!! blow me deep!! Definitely a good...
you guy gotta get and Julio Gomez in a scene together
Dating jap
Loving how JB jams out to Made it.
keep walking into the flower path hanbin
ohh so sweet hehehe God bless kuya Clyde
Nueva portada
Happy bunnies
my motto...
(Also love October, you become my older cousin again )
weekly digest: it's an Intrepid adventure! + = -
Just please be safe
Thankyou Frank
Are you sure? I won't force you but just know that you can talk to me anytime you need okay? I'm just a dm away
Spread Positive Vibes
Kindness matters
Lovely
Can't move on sa magandang musika ng Ben&Ben!
Thank you
Ownnn, fala mais? bacanudxs
I get to see my mommy today
181020
this madness begins tomorrow
|
Comeback the kings
Team Hoxton loves you too! Thank you for everything and come to our staff party!
The fact I mine means not even like work. We the lucky ones!
dale no te el gvon!
Momento lindo
true love
Don't worry, your always there for us, in our hearts
congrats in advance kagad sa inyo
Thank you HardCour
Since the last 2 years the best among all. MATS
good morning
I love this song
Me too Oliver
Now I gotta execute because you don't listen
thanks pipes!!
Great list! It would be suuuuper if you could upvote 365 Days of Happiness thanks for the support
Thanks for all your messages! You guys are the best
Mahal ko kayo
I will be going to WSC Atlanta just for you
Nothing like your own Bed
Please stay tuned for further details and help join in the next coming months when birthday!
Nfl Sunday
Jesus speaks to you, listen carefully!
omg TY so much for retweeting!!!
happy birthday, my captain!!
Don't we all just love the Rohit - Virat combo
beautiful teen
This my Mood in this moment I missed it so much
21 inches & 7 lbs 8 oz Congratulations! wait to see her. I love
Family over everything
In case no one has told you they love you lately, telling you...I LV E YOU! And God loves you more
I need to make to that sweet ass.
Ily OT9
such a research nerd, and I love it
happy birthday our beloved innocenent leader hanbinie
be happy.healthy.wealthy.succssful
One of the best defender and captain for United
Cannot wait to see 2 of my oldest friends get married Friday
Aww, thanks. you, too!
BET 1
go again then
if following!
Me too
Awww congrats
Saranghae Kim Hanbin
Smooth!
Our China Sheep I've already seen it and I love it thanks for making my Sunday so bright.
Bem barbiezinha
I'll just leave it here Buo yan ah nakoo
Surprised my best friend in Cleveland yesterday. Loved seeing you Thankful for your roomies for helping me
Does anyone else just REALLY wanna hug rn
13 reasons why
i'm so sorry loz take your time to take care of things and of yourself.
Long Live Stack Bundles!
He would have turned 36 today!
F.L.Y (First Love Yourself)
.
.
.
Ash
happy birthday baby i love you so much, you deserve the best and only the best! thank you for everything
Happy B'day Bub
Thank you for sharing this. and fan here.
Awwwww
My OT12 heart feels
Thanks for sharing
Must be love on the brain! en Acapulco Diamante
SCH - Ciel rouge..
Saluden a mi novia
me regala momentos,
yo le doy mi Alma
LIVE Call Of Duty - Black Ops 4 - Chilling Stream - PC Gameplay - C... via
Happy Sunday "Always Be My Baby"
Student film. a pramedic specialising in broken hearts Such a cute script
I have SO MANY cousins ridiculous!
We are all amazing mothers
thank you for your kind words :(
We love you, Yang!
But alright since worth it ang night and company
please wish happy birthday
Happy Sunday! Be blessed
is way smarter and intelligent than wifey
Ek dum sahi jodi hai!
I
happy birthday to my fellow blingermint and cutest bub ever, v you deserve the whole world
doing well, thank you for your hard work!
I am sorry for your loss. Much to you.
Block A-versary 30 years
I miss you so much! take care love!
Happy birthday mambin!!
I was so happy while singing with you, It was the most beautiful moment of my life, I love you so much
Sorry
Great outfit, love it
ifb
Obgg anjo
AMAZING
A MASTERPIECE
I love it so much
Thank you king
I love you big
They're also embroidered with "you'll never pork alone"
you was on insta stories. Did you see it? Ahh, so happy for you
To the BEST AMONG THE BEST LEADER... Happy Birthday Hanbin We LOVE YOU
iKON and iKONIC are here for you
This so beautiful
Rsrs
I LOVE YOU. That second pic is legendary So lucky to have a bestie like you, Ken! Luv you SO much!!
Experience is a painful teacher, J.
La de comulgar en Domingo. Taste and see the goodness of God.
VOTE & STREAM
(ARMY I U)
Love Yourself & Love Myself
votei no
yeah too bad since we are all want to be as close as they are gonna be green
always here for me whenever I turn on a song. Thank you
.@SunielVShetty Sir your smile brightens our world!
Sunday evening- my style
_
Retweet & Like this
Follow all retweets & likes
Follow back INSTANTLY
Show Love to
Putting them skills to the test! too Los
Hope you loved Europe and that you come to Portugal one day
Guyssss my face on my favorite cake my friends are awesome
Family dinner love this place (@ Cape Greko Greek & Cypriot Restaurant in Malahide, Ireland)
PAUSE
Winnie Harlow and Wiz Khalifa ?? I fw it
thank you so much for yesterday. I love you hoes so much
eu amo uma
Work by
BIG HAIR LOVE
SHOP LUNA ONLINE
And at least I'll know i tried with every i had in me when I'm laid down to rest
I LOVE YOU NAM
My Rockets!!! Great Game! minus the fighting...LOL
Oh my type of petty
You are very welcome, thank you for this sweet picture. Enjoy the rest of your birthday and have a fantastic evening.
Happy Birthday Nat
Very short day at resonate today as at the home game tonight
all about the begin
Yaaaaah! I can't get enough of this pairing. They're so cute together!
Te amooooo
+ =
&
Thanks so much for the raid and ghost know your Twitter) was a blast.
hihi maaci sender-nim!!
Bestnyee semorang dapat graduation gift. Please Lord, let me have all my family members together on that day. all i want
If for Donuts, you came to the right place.
I totally agree!!!
I vote
as the International artist of the year
Que lindo
YOU ARE THE BESTEST
EVERYTHING
BLESSING
I AM SPEECHLESS
AMEI
thanks sweetie. love you
Angie says: The fact that you are here, means you were given life. Let us spread love for each and everyone.
Of course baby. Namanana is amazing! I hope I can get my album soon!
camille
- sergio leone
- alexander the great x hephaestion
- history !
- princess diana
- talking heads,
Day 26 - Eliza + Singing
- she has one of the best voices out there!
Coach Cedric Thornton
wait to watch tonight and tomorrow night! been such a wonderful mentor for your group
Such a beauty
all for you
made her happy!!!
The Fourth Annual Vault of Horror last night was spookily good! I can't wait to air my film publicly!
il nostro Moriarty
You deserve the best things on the world!
Yes Sweetie. I am very good. Enjoying my Sunday
GOODNIGHT TO EXO ONLY
Aaaaah Black Sabbath...
i love you and your life God gave you purpose
I am having a terrible day, and you just made it a 100% better. I will let NAMANANA guide me through this rough time
Can't wait for you to go to Philippines
Carrie audition for Star Wars at 19
via
you have one of the sweetest hearts! god bless you
OLHEM ISSO MANO
My brother n best bud
I got the feeling that it will be Glass know why
Grazie mille, Sally!!! these!
I loveeee money
thanks, for the pfp
Obrigada
for a tbh
My is full of today as my faith life and professional life intersect with the opportunity to bring
freaking addicted to this song
like what the heck!
MALIBU NIGHTS
Rest in piece lil cute buddy
Go kick some ass today!
He will always be the great leader for iKon and iKonics
I have this book, which I actually bought in Mousehole. The illustrations are gorgeous!
Aww babe tbh everyone talk to me anymore . But even if me and you hardly talk you mean a lot love thank you honestly
Listen!
you are my cousin what i have to say?
yes
I know
My best friend is at home with my dog and I know both happy and making this Sunday so much better.
Always by your side baby
Believe me, I do the same every single day.
Sex bomb
Happy Birthday My Idol Twinsie!!
Happy Birthday Decs have a blessed day
Vou chegar
I love this Lisa.
Not streaming tonight. Back next weekend as normal.
time, what you feel now, will feel less
Viva The greatest showman
.
.
.
Follow for poetry, prose and quotes.
Kindly tag if you repost.
.
.
.
I think we all know that
Ali A is my favourite youtuber.
Um there is nothing wrong with you needing that much sleep. if I slept 10 hours a night,
Myself and backing as the support act for the incredible last night
On
&
Watching
so sorry billy i love you keep listening to music. sending all my love to u always
"Feliz Domingo"
Da RT
He wore different eyeliner?. Left red and right blue?
Handsomeness personified!
My world Sir
I can't stress this enough, you'll always be the best for us. Any chart/top/poll is irrelevant. Just a list. We love you
Love you, Kuya!!! Thank you so much!!!!
Its so cool to hear from an ustazah point of view. Thank you for your time!
Congratulations to you both, such exciting news!!
Futuro
Thank You Yixing-ah!! work really hard i love youuuuu
thank youuuu!
God can truly transform lives thank you Jesus
- wise kid!
Sk queria esta assim com vc agr
Watched the vod. Loved it!!
100 % real
Well ty sweetheart
glad u like it
cute sis
Thank You Yixing-ah!! work really hard i love youuuuu
Thank you BTS, we love you I'm so proud of you and I love so much You are really the best guys! I
HOLD ON BOY!!!
MAKNAE LINE WONT LET US STAY IN PEACE THIS CB!
LOOK AT OUR NINI BEAR JONGIN, OUR KIM KAI!
THE ARMY IS SO PROUD OF YOU
Thank you so much
Happy birthday cutie
Thank you so much miss you too
Best day of my life
There are some proper nob heads about Liv - stuff the lot of them
I hope so
Wait! What? You just call me babal? HAHAHAHHA Tq for tht lovely words
Bhai You are a great Fan of sir. BEST
I proud of you brother & This username
Just Love this song!
More Than Words
NAMANANA is amazing We can all see just how much effort you put in everything! Thank you for
Over 200 bottles of wine were auctioned off last night for heart health! I got this random bottle from the
I just love this couple.
Happy birthday Yuri!
Camp Now
A message that young girls need: You are strong, beautiful and fearless. You need to be perfect to be good.
thank you for made my mood!
Thanks for all of your hardwork.
Thanks Elle
Thank you Ma'am
May 20 TLs si
Thank you
happy bday white boy
TELL EM LIAM!! This why we love you so much because YOU RESPECT women thank you
This lunch is yummy
in no particular order:
Palo Santo
Language
Chris
Melhor jeito de acordar
Happy 6th monthsary love iloveyou so much thankyou for everything sana nandyan ka lang always and mahal na
tagging two mutuals!
Good night from indonesia fans
you're always welcome!!
ahhh yes! hehe and thanks for congratulating me too~ hoping the best for both of us
YOU'VE WORKED HARD!!! WE'RE SO PROUD OF YOU. ALWAYS. I LOVE YOU SO MUCH! THANK YOU FOR EVERYTHING!
They saved me
PS4!
(Much to all Platforms!)
Two (High)larious Best Friends, here to make you laugh, either
It requires exponential obedience in order for you to have exponential life
Awww, thank you! Best of luck with your pink paintings! I hope they bring you much joy!
LIVE NOW
Hope everyone has had a great weekend! Come hangout!
Oh i love how say Kapoor is the one see we have already chosen you
Amazing!
Amin...thank you
Love this cat absolutely gorgeous
Aw thanks lex love you bestie
Amazing shot Alexxa
Our Beautiful Customer
Another Progress Picture Using Our Beauty And Weightloss Plan
Your
Oh really? That's sucks!!
forever proud of you
No we do not want to be your puppets. We belong to Love, Love
haha same !
Fetus MaNan is LOVE !!
I also prefer stubble >>>> beard
But Parth looks good in EVERYTHING !
Thank you again
I block the ppl that hate you
Sunday mornings with coffee, Al Green radio, and my boys.
This says it all!
missed you guys. i love you
YOU ARE MY EVERYTHING
ngwetsi
When Reminds You To Wear Sunscreen Right On Time Thanks Aunty
Sou fofa pode falar rs
Thanks
Hello playful-nim! You're one of my favorite fansites, what is the first thing you notice about shua? UwU
Wow wow wow amazing as always Hotline Bling/Stressed Out - Sean and Conor Price
always br there for you. In good times and hard times. I love you little brother Thanks
with my boys Tower Bridge
Happy Sunday be blessed
It's amazing I love it
Hanbin and my mom have the same birthday happy birthday, Hanbin!
The more I see u the more I love u
Last hurrah before surgery with these Baes.
you look so cute and warm! glad you had fun in Paris! take care and until next time
Thank you babe!
thank you sooooo much as always
Lrt Touka and Kaneki filming for the live-action!!!
If Namjoon is releasing a mixtape/playlist, does that mean a possibility of agust d comeback?
Wish we could do this for our marching band
Valentine
This year you're mine KINO_CYJ!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Mikkeller Bar London
Thanks buddy, come visit me soon
RIP, Hero. Prayers for family and friends. God please comfort them in this most difficult time.
End of weekend, can't wait for this coming weekend
Oh ! Don't Mess With My Tempo vs KoKoBop .. hahahah
I saw and a year ago one of the best concerts ever
Total fun
omg hope have the best time tell me if u need any help
So honoured to be in this group. You're amazing, Samantha, and I MISS YOU.
May 18 TLs si
Thank you
Ah so good!
10 years since one of the best albums ever released, thank you The Ritz Theater & Performing Arts
Happy Sunday every1! Take the time to be with your loved ones whenever you can
PTI winning in &
que sdds de Breaking Bad
Congratulations, Tim and Yoo-Ra! May your marriage be filled with adventures, laughter, and so much love!
Heya sweet! How's my sista today all fabulous I hope I hope you've had a super Sunday XxxxxxxxX
Well would ya look right there at the top so proud
Obrigado, gorda
Last night was so lit !! thank you for all the good vibes and crazy experience come back to NYC
thank you angel
it's happening!
I can't believe
My boys are coming
IKAW
You Gone Go Through Plenty Of To Find The Love I Gave
Happy Anniversary Message sent! iloveyousomuch
with all these new songs being released on sundays, it brings me back to the days
We were lucky enough to see this adorable boy at our clinic last week and we all fell in love with him! We Dobby!
I miss you toooo . Studying and hustling
Put them in a wallet. I did that with mine, along with the booklets. If not, rip them all lossless before getting rid.
Build a life you love
Late at night looking down the Avenue des
Nov 2017
Bobby Norris though, what a cutie
Happy birthday sissy! we love youuu!
Il a aimer plus
Nothing like celebrating love of and with loved ones
181020 -
May 1 TL si . Thank you
good luck with everything
thank u!!!
.
.
.
Layers Boston .
.
.
.
Is my sexy boyfriend and I love him with all my
Did you know that a feel-good grin is contagious? When you smile at someone, it sends a signal to their mouth
They Will Roooooob U
They Will Rooooob U &
May 3 TLs si . Thank you
Ma petite princesse
One of my favourite covers I love it
Happy birthday legend
Good afternoon world
Allow me to introduce Mia! Inspired by ocs.
Melhor playlist
May 2 TLs si . Thank you
Eh ada abang Icing ,How happy we are cause Will comeback with
vraiment un mec en or
Insane! What a Great century
36th ODI
60th Internationally!
Unbelievable kohli
Following! Boy I could definitely use a new phone!
happy birthday kim hanbin!
wish you all success, good health and more birthdays!! (and gf?? kidding ) love,
And for ganap....
I love you. You always defend people who are important to you
O my reininja looks good with that shirt too
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BEAUTIFUL!
Happy Birthday our leader, perfect leader
Happy birthday to my other half, I love you
Campfire fun on a Saturday night
Your music makes you always there for me
Ranma pretty accurate because is the same voice actress
May 5 TLs si . Thank you
goodluck sa exams mo , ily late ko nabasa pero thank youu. btw, I know you, anon ;)
Main Channel main channel main channel MAIN CHANNEL! SUPER excited!!!
Minia "Free to Use"
&if you like this
Haha merci
for the last time, happy 6th anniversary
May 12 TLs si . Thank you
Lol. Thanks Gin!
Cheers bro see you Friday! Big luv
We love you both
This Thing Is For Sure...
Fucked up about this one cant even flex
Ma Lauren
Amore
I U.
This is the gift I needed this morning, thanks!
Can you do the same thing in Glasgow pls
I love this.
May 11 TLs si . Thank you
I love you too
Truth
Her affect
Broke chains
Inside
Heart | Soul | Treasure | Today | Tomorrow | Forever | Everything
alphavenator_art with Hungry Indoraptor Artwork is the fifth contest participant!
.
Leave a to vote him!
I already watched and I love you . And also I like to be in this comeback
Thank you for everything hanbin last long
May 10 TLs si . Thank you
Omg this insta post of mohsin is love
Mohsin you made my weekend
Thanku thanku so much for this kaira treat
I came here for this. My everything
Saranghae I Love you Mahal kita
We're so happy that you're back in EXO
Latina realness
hello
May 8 TLs si . Thank you
I love you even though you made my cry when you rocked our cart on the Ferris wheel
Wooooow I need to find you!
REAL
trying love! Thank you for your support
My heart
thank you so much
Who is your best friend? My mom
be more proud
No, thank you for making my day first.
It's interesting
Dear Sir, pleae allow me to say Hi to the one of my Heroes: Mr Lars addition to the of your
The flowers
loving is all that i need, when i found it there in your arms.
Feliz
Tag Team Speaking for Women after Gods on Heart Conference ..#epic
Jack and Jack no red carpet do
Freelance Researcher with Wonder: Hiring Nationwide
Finally !
The Day is near!
So happy For you Dipz and
Late night phone calls with u
Thanks honey
Happy Day to your mom
Senior night one to remember
OH EM GEE! I your resume! Do you mind if I print & include with my counter-@BetoORourke
Bjork. Available FA at
For more details kindly PM and follow splattergirluk
Everyone go watch new cover the bestest first like and all
Thanks, for helping us
WE LOVE YOU AUSTIN. WE SUPPORT YOU 24/7 REMEMBER THAT
Him too! sure right around. all very talented and hardworking
still not over a star is born. The best movie seen in so long
happy birthday, feel embraced and i love you
Thank you
OT9
Thanks Sis, make the best of it, the new week is ahead already
So happy for both that they were reunited!
I miss my fur girl everyday since she passed 3 months ago.
I'm grateful for those I surround myself with
En
nice legs
Loving even but of it
I love you!
wtf same meaning in our dialect (bisaya) anak is child and bulan is moon
I just miss it every second Porto Alegre 29.09.18
Terra we miss you on
We love Trump Follow Me I Follow Back
We you , you will always be my hero! forever
It's all for you!
OMG! Congrats to and
Harry potter? Mhh.. I would start with the 1st book.
Thank you very much
Aye Jah.... Down to his voice is soooo damn sexy Lindsey is babe gih Dem fire baby
Abuti o mo niceMalome wa banablessed Sunday to you to
PORRA PORRA PORRA AMEI
Can please help me wish my lai lai a HAPPY BIRTHDAY
My sexy ass wife i love her so much
look at his smile omg my baby is happy
Sounds like a great plan bebe
Khals Thank You
PHOTO | 1.3.1.2
Congratulations sullmak and antoinette_parisss San Diego, California
happy birthday to the guy who holds my heart the most truly blessed to be allowed to love and grow with
I STAN A KING
I ada buat promotion 2 bottle Rm100 ! Boleh grab before out of stock
Yes, bro congratulations.
5 subscribers away from 300! Please go subscribe and share my channel, greatly appreciate it!
WE DID IT AGAIN, FAM!
TRENDING WORLDWIDE AND ITS TRENDING NUMBER ONE HERE ON PHILIPPINES!! DON'T MESS UP WITH
Mis
Congrats
I found them already thank you so much regardless!!!
Love Love Love.... Can't wait
And I just want you to be there
Absolutely!
YESSS! Excited ko Reg! Celebrate ta together this year!
NCT
I hope & have a nice, relaxed vacation because deserve it after this past week
Happy Birthday Abisoye God Bless You
I this commercial!! is my absolute favorite!
BRASIL ACIMA DE TUDO E DEUS ACIMA DE TODOS!
SEGUE
PASSO (RT)
PASSO (FV)
Gracias.
Congrats!
48 degrees & loving it . Kitties are outside playing having a blasttt hello fall & Mississippi weather
Done I am proud to support my trans siblings.
YOU are the cutest
I love you too
Our gorgeous boy
Congratulations Khlo! Well deserved much love
Still nothin better than hearing my Dad tell me I am proud of
United States all the way
My anxiety is high today
+100$ waggers
O! Well if going to be that way!
You legend thank you I knew it was something to do with puppy
Jonah please follow me
LA FELICIDAD DE EXO-L ES EXO
The city of love
Ily ily
Ellie is swimming with dolphins how fantastic! wait to see her to hear all about her amazing trip
French Onion Soup
2 hours of Love
Swipe left to see
Lmaooo love you
You can join to the fandom if you want
Your voices are everything and more get enough
First profile picture eveeeeer
He the money making off of his subjects and the country. Just like POS Trump!
sweet-little-molested-melissa: lornebabygirl: But, Is that really necessary?? .
for Push
Much love for this caption Armin!
.
.
.
Happy birthday mom
We love Trump Follow Me I Follow Back
Feliz
you Forever !!!!
logo
Thanks lads
One of the many reasons why he's one of the BEST leaders out there...
Por algo es mi mejor amigo..
E X O !
be trapped exit the cube be free
...and I think I'm gonna love you for a long long time good old memories, hays time flies so fast!
My son is such a mamas boy
City of love
I this verse!
Esther 4:14 New Living Trnsltion
If you keep quiet at a time like this,
Domingo
RT nothing like a bitch understanding
please add the ability to trade elixirs in zombies with other players
Perfect thank you! give it a read later
Sml for this guy Proud to have him Mine Only
Every days a great day to celebrate The Lords love
Put Up Your Dukes!!!
Speaking WOMEN AFTER GODS OWN HEART
KING IS BACK
Appreaction tweet
Good night
Yes we like it and were so proud of you. Love you Lay
I love you so much
I swear you're too precious I wish you the best because you always give your whole self in everything , you
You are welcome!
With the Dolotallas fam (insert ate Noah) West Avenue Suites, Quezon City
It's a chilly one today... Good opportunity to rock the CHS pompom hat
Another successful Birthday Party down... until next year the way looking of course...
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he doesnt kiss ya he gon
Thank you Jesse pug sausage. We love you
This the cutest
Happy birthday!!! hope you have a great day, good thing you have to spend today studying :))
I love my family
Queens They look gorgeous Congratulations!!! They won awards for Best British Band
imagine idolsA without thando wa baba nana
U know which one I would pick
Speaking WOMEN AFTER GODS OWN HEART CONFERENCE
Gordinha
looks so perfect.
Dis is something amazing
Thankyou for d video looking forward for d performance
Happy birthday Have a wonderful day Lots of
Um dia pra sofrer por Swanqueen
Life is so much better when you have and friends into it
Thanks! It was scary at the time. Glad everything turned out
You surely deserve it!! You deserve to go to all the races and meet Marc as often as possible
thx
OMG! gorgeous.
Happy Anniversary to the beautiful cute couple, Hope yous have a lovely day
Awwwwww I love you
Waht an extraordinary inning by
SHARMA
KOHLI
I was crying like a baby at the wedding ceremony, then got black out drunk at the reception my bestfriend dead got married shit is crazy
Good morning beautiful have an awesome day
0506 713 53 90 SEKS afyon escort
0506 713 53 90 SEKS afyon escort
Learn to love yourself
HAPPY BDAY HANBIN
Human kindness and love is a powerful.....keep spreading love people
Happy Birthday Hanbinieee
Aww shucks! I love you, babes.
I LOVE IT KING
I NAMANANA YOU
she come when she go.
Sdv
Looks so soft and pure
missing you all Bosco!
I will forever
Take my hand
I love a feminist
wait
i love seeing my friends genuinely happy. i'm always here for you my peaches
Love this photo!
Who else hates wash day ? I know i do
EBD foi top
so amor
Te amo guapo
We are LDS. The church of Jesus Christ of letter days saints is our religion.. why sad
I woke up feeling so great I hope everyone has a blessed day
Minhas filhas
The Queen is back
Any German babyz here ? I might need your help
Yes Queen I Understand you very much.
M Y E V E R Y T H I N G
I miss my bf soooo much. I wait until he come back for Christmas
go viral! Post it
Hoping to see Vish in action soon
Haha aw so cute! I remember this SDCC so well, we were so hyped for Season 4!
Thank YOU - I appreciate all your support and I am so excited to work with you in my new role!
I this. Palmetto Bay, Florida
Church Day
That just hit home
Jesus thank you
Your friend sara thinks that you are seeking for attention I give myself all the attention that I need God
Craving braai meat but on the road . please assist
Thanks Tbell
TROP
So tired.
Good night
Mr F.
My baby getting old...but happy birthday
Sister
8.2 weight and 23 or 21 inches
Amazing view
10:00 a.m. and 11:00 a.m. EST
Solary Korea
I hope you had a fun tour. Please finish the rest of the tour safely.
Costco roses. So pretty! Costco
Both of us on stage Speaking WOMEN AFTER GODS OWN HEART
That you will always have my
HBD
This has happened to me before too I'm glad you're okay, I hope nothing bad happened.
still be you, no matter what
Tweet us your favourite moments from
Champagne lunch & milktart for dessert. my heart is smiiiiiiling
RT 1_F_I_R_S_T "_
Retweet & Like this
Follow all retweets & likes
Follow back INSTANTLY
Show Love
I fuckin love her
2nd picture in the 4th paragraph.
Me too. A huge fan of her. The way she defended him was on point. Just loved her
I thought you would give a teaser link but whatever it is, I really love youuu
Thank you for
speaking on the last Drake album
.
.
.
The Pulse Hiphop Broadcasting News Straight from the
ngayon na lang ulit
I miss them!
Happy birthday, my love
Please pass this on to the lovely & hope he's is well
Ian tell my folks I was coming out, they were so excited to see meeee. I felt so loved
DEAN
For really real.
Over Everything
so lucky to have my boy, so brave in hospital on his birthday. cant believe your 6 today
Always my IPAGTATANGGOL, NOT my ITATABOY
Who is this hun?? why are your notifications even on man?
Ladies, time to come TOGETHER
from IG - Congratulations to coach and wishing you guys a happy life
Hope all of my lovelies are having a peachy sweet day today. I'm all cozy having a late coffee & looking at dream life pretties. Xoxo
I love you, Acekins
I miss my cousin ima have to make that move out bowie soon
Omg he is the cutest.
te amo
soo thankful i could
Most sweetest friendship i've ever seen i love our 95 liner so much
Happy back to the future day!
A star is born was incredible but so heartbreaking
YG-Core family
Omg so sorry that he did that to you. You certainly deserve this
Thanks, I feel validated now
Let my winter story begin with you
Valentine
This year you're mine Jawahermd6_!
And you, whom will be yours?
I Merlin.
+ 2
Take a couple minutes to listen to this eye-opening story. Thank you for sharing
2014-2015-2016-2017-2018
my feelings have never changed. thank you for all that you've done
Brilliant hike
so handsome
Love you too
So glad Tayy like dat My bsf fr
I also don't get it Thato is the ishh thing
You should post a selfie nah ion rly feel like it rn sorry
THANK U ANGEL
Followed because seriously the sweetest account on here.
Keep streaming Taki Taki! watch it on youtube
and RT
Thank you so much for this thread .. Wow I love Cas and all his variations Misha is really an amazing actor
Last night was lit....had a great time with my girls
Idk what do without i be more thankful for having this human in my life.
Speaking WOMEN AFTER GODS OWN HEART CONFERENCE
Bioshock infinite
We appreciate what you do so much! Keep going!!
a just love chunk off the goonies
What a kindhearted good boy he is!
Sultaani akhaade mein just rocked it with his one liners!!
take all the time you need. i hope everything goes well
These kids know how to choose their songs hey
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO OUR BEST LEADER
happy birthday to the dopest bitch ever met , love you lania
parmak normatif uymamak 0506 022 95 42
My Joy by & band live for
I
Love is in loops
Pearl earrings from
.
SO EXCITED TO SEE BLOC PARTY PLAY SILENT ALARM LIVE. This Wednesday at Ally Pally. An evening of being20 again
Lol nice hearing from you Annie
IS MADE FOR
Ty love
Linda
Candy and pats for Myrrh! [Fire Emblem] Find more and related at Anime Lovers WorldWide
My forever love I miss u so much .. happy birthday baby
Sorry, but Malibu Night and Mas Mabuti Pa is on replay tonight
Its the time of the month where you turned a year older happy birthday babygirl have a blast always good
Gm spread a Lil today and yourself too. It ain't gone hurt nothin. Be a blessing to someone
Pulaw for you (poster) HAHAHAHAHAHA
Rihanna, Mother of all Unfaithful hahahaha salamat!
Mas olhem que amor esses
was following homeboy home last night and got to the toll andd the lady told me I was already paid for. one of the sweetest things ever
Only 9 subscribers away from 700 !!!
Thanks a lot to You, all my Twitter friends for the incredible support!
I would do anything for him
maybe the night holds a little hope for us dear 2am onwards <3
MAKASIH
Selling all weekend at home come support me
happy birthday king
Wonderful words from my lifelong hero.
Last Time trying this this & we friends
D-50 211018
Dear ,
Since morning till midnight, thank u for your hard worked today, nielie
and
Angel curling up for the evening
Morena dessa
You can't but love her though
And you did not write that by chance today. I so needed to hear that right now, in this moment.
What I about the current era of film & TV? How much easier it is to access authentic stories about people U or
Damn I even feel that month
Oh the questions... the questions I knew were coming. My girl.
JGH. Good Night
Fantastic audience & turnout at ! Felt like home. We // come see
So excited
screaming at the at the end , that is suffering
Buenos
Thankyou liv. As are you
You are such a good human for doing that
i've known a lot of leaders since i got into kpop, but our tiger kim hanbin is truly the best
My favorite smile from my favorite person happy birthday love your song never failed to made my
Very nice - beautiful
69th
This is awesome! They even did the choreo!
Sending You & Yours Hugs From The UK!!
I can't believe el I CAN'T BELIEVE de Chen
I love you bitch
SO EXCITED TO SEE BLOC PARTY PLAY SILENT ALARM LIVE. This Wednesday at Ally Pally. An evening of being 20 again
I'll follow you if you follow OneMoreComedy right now
hermoso
Thank you!
Sierra so clutch i really love her man
heyy I love u & your family soo much and it would mean the world if u followed me, have an amazing dayy
S3eed please delete the last two questions Shukran!
Mexico has a moral obligation to treat our Central American brothers well, the needs & understanding .
still can't believe my best friend is meeting Shawn next year so damn happy for her, feels like I'm meeting him
DEDICATED TO THE ONE
I LOVE / \ YOU ...
Pwede ba namang wala nito? Hahaha
I met some cool people last week thanks to
congrats the mighty baahubali (so touching )
I so wish if so high level powers nature could
Thanks Michigan, always a pleasure
A special thank you goes out to all the kind souls that have helped me
RIP To everyone Who lost their life in this tragedy Love You Sir God Bless You
BDay today Lets celebrate
A noiva mais linda
any love trying get too 100 followers any help
te amo siempre!
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Thank you Galen! looking forward to this new challenge...
Our baby done it once again wait to watch it now
Bbs
"Maybe if I go platinum they'll remember me then"
The Hip:Waist Ratios do not make physical sense (42 photos)
Every miss this
11:11
You deserve the whole world.
Thanks for your retweet have an amazing Sunday!!!!
Les gustan mis nalgas?
I ran out of my Anastasia eyebrow pencil, anyone have any good eyebrow pencil recommendations for me
Hi buying another phone today where you wonderful clients can text me on
got my letter today! thank you kak much love
tak sabar nak reply this letter! hehe
p/s; you
You have beautiful skin babygirl
love you ...
Thank you coco I love you too
One of the best smells has to be the Sunday roast cooking
Um absolutely I can. We should make you my last appt one night and then go out afterwards!
Go check out on IG because his entries are AWESOME! I'm proud of youuu
Sunday is for the Triple-B: Beers, Babes and Burgers (43 Photos)
They are family!!
having one of those days Gina~ with my family feeling relaxed..peaceful and content
Questions are welcome. I'll answer them when I wake up
Great it. Quite often I will stand at my baby boys cot and watch him sleep
You got this!
Love
y pienso en
Sunshine
you should rest and take your time love condolence
Happy Birthdaaaay Baby gurrl
That is so true Faye has 1 of the most beautiful cheeky smiles ever
hurry up wiv new series
My very first concert! Thank you and I love you, A1!
New Frontier Theater
I love Mundesley
New ink
I am.. Yixing is back...
thank you for pouring out your whole entire heart and soul tonight. love you
I'm a have a 50/50 lazy Sunday. I got laundry but I'm a fold it while watching Netflix so haha
My favorite actor
I needed this read.
Thank you for doing this!!!
I am a child with FAVOR; I must protect that! You are too!!
te vamos
happy birthday babe thank you everything, atlas! after 3 years of waiting, im finally gonna see you! thank
naraid66
0noevqkouf$s
regreso de mis reyes!
Thank you for being the leader of this dorks!
2018.11.02
I miss my asshole friends
I know my worth
You're welcome queen
let me take a moment to just show the loml off
HAVE A GOOD SLEEP KAI STANS OUTTHERE BET YOU WILL HAVE THIS KIND OF DREAM TONIGHT
Patty amazing i turned all my sisters and my mom on to you
And Vomitin Stomach Sickness Home Remedies
The post Nausea And Vomitin
Mind blown
Amo
Anna Anna
Better stop looking at me like that. With ya fine self BTW: I love Marilyn Manson
I am Yours forever, my King my Savior.
I wanna get myself something nice.
Simply beautiful!!
so cute
Thanks Marianne from for your talk and a great chat after. an awesome person!
GOONIED IS SUCH A CLASSIC. HEY U GUUUUYSSSS
No promises by Shayne Ward will always be my favorite
Choose you and release the chaos drama and negativity from your life. Only you can decide.
.
Wishing you all
My loves
Mi masajista
Someone loves the rug
I really know how I discover some songs and artists, but my goodness...
Homemade coffee is always better
Yes, please.
Wishing you the best of luck.
Who cares about typos. Stuff is HAPPENING
11:21 Hug
Latrobe loving life in Melbourne
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: J Crew Merino Wool Knit Top SZ XS
Awe, that face
You are welcome in the fandom
late night conversation with u is
I want to hug my mom
Even Android 18 takes time to read her copy of Ninjas and Robots.
Who else hates wash day ? Ik i do
Lea x Lady Gaga A Star is Born
i pray for you to always smile like this
ILY MORE
Parabens pelo win, I love you
Subscribe to my channel Angel De Guzman
Yess I love this one, so dynamic love the hair too!
Every time I see my man come home from work
Ready to get buck on anybody that plays him.
Yay Amen to that
omg the title already sounds so sad. thank you again!!!!
Wow - young Coventrian .@AdeneganK is :
That feminist coat is really pretty, Mphephethwa
welcome
What an amazing story and powerful message
I am a new fan of EXO so this is my first time to experience their comeback
He really blessed us more than normal over the last few days
Ok sure but i don't see your DM. Can you DM me?
Who else hates Mondays now? Thanks Pharma.
Hanks for the awesome stream last night!! I appreciate everyone who stopped by
Resubs: Klaitz054
Bits: DirkfromTUGS
Follows: Healkingz
The one wherein explains it all for you:
you, Jim!
happy birthday to my fave celeb and ICON i love you
you guys strong stay focus GoCougs see you all at Stanford
Omggg thankyouuuuu!
Have you seen her in the new video??
Just wait on it!! gonna be better than ever
Me and my bd had a cool little day we do much but eat and chill
Brother
so tired. I just wait to see my baby.
Aawww Athe!
Grazie di cuore!!
Availability this week Hx Happiness Beauty
It seems like a lot of people
Happy birthday Sanji
happy birthday, yanyan ko! iloveyousomuch!
My favorite place is in the house of the Lord
295/365
I simply love VIXX with all my heart,~ thankyou for being born N Leo Ken Ravi Hongbin and Hyuk!
Yesss Liam
Love my sweetheart
Thank you bitch lol I love you!!!
my wife forever jveux trop la
My fifth grader was so excited to see Mrs. Young!
Cuffing season is upon us, so keep those new relationships hot with our super sexy couples products
When you replace is this happening to with is this trying to teach
Everything shifts.
I wish i had the money and time for TC this year. Have a nice con, you two lovely people!
Baby
3 things i'll never do :
1. Drug 2. Alcohol and 3. Smoke
Thanks
I GOT MOVED TO THE SAME WARD I WAS ON IN JULY-AUGUST!! AND EVERYONE REMEMBERS ME!! AND I HAVE A SIDE ROOM!! YAY!!!!!
Good times
I believe my baby left me this week smh .. definitely going to Miss Her
It's 507k already
really out here like
/\
|
|
/ \
iti
Thank you sa
Woke up to all this greatness on my feed
I had a helper with my Costco roses this week! Beaumont approved! Meridian, Michigan
Happy Birthday
Your smile is absolutely adorable Those slippers not so much ;) wait to get the album!! xx
Back to Pretoria. Back to work! Weekend, you were great
Aww how lovely is this joe your such a beautiful person and so glad your
Heading to the Halloween store. Most likely won't be replying for a while.
Always down for you
They came. They ran. They celebrated. Just things!
Happy for this little guy
Its true.. The personality really talk about you iman
I Dave Gorman and seems he loves Dorset! Having made the move from London 13 years ago, I agree with him 100%.
That's LIT tho.. Kipidad.. Go Bangtan SAS.. Haha..
you guys must see this
I absolutely
Happy birthday Space Princess
Yours also okay
Your family is amazing. Your grandma was a badass. RIP to a revolutionary soul
My heart is full
Shades of Red
imiss u
Sorry bout your toes
it's been a while yixing-ahh
not Brunty. But still a happy place for me.
They say that when You can't sleep, You're awake in someone's dream...
-Hey, I need some rest.... Wahahaha.. Goodnight
LET ME GO SIT ON MY CORNER AND CRY
Gracias por ser el de Ikon y amar a Ikonic
1.5
I be like I need friends but I really only need my bae our love is endless and really the only person I
thank you nee nee!!
Nayarita
This is the most wonderful thing
4 rzns why that chick
Begging you by russ is on repeat today
Happiness can come anytime,and from anyone..before we realize that happiness is close.
Thank you!!!
Last night was
Omg thank you so so muchh!!!
thank u ria! OVERNIGHT KA DITO? G HAHAHA pero hanggang 7 class ko!!
Good luck in the race Lew are with you all around the world
Simpel aber extrem lecker Baguette mit Wurst und Itadakimasu Danke machen
Sundays are my absolute favorite because Jaiden always take me out to breakfast
It's super official now!!! Marido y mujer ante Dios y ante la ley
My family
:
I know who fwm
OFENBACH x OLYMPIA
Bravo
Sarah I am so happy for you. A meeting between two wonderful and brave persons something
I remember that night you first called me crazy, only you picked it up
Kissed me and said "I love you baby", you didn't give a fuck
game day baby
Big hugs to you Speedy, whatever happens will be for the best
God be with you both as well
cos we both were wearing the same colour
cr manoshini_27
Thank you my friend! Strength in numbers..REAL ppl LOVE our & will GET OUT & & continue
So proud of you both
Follback min
These folks have been redecorating this mausoleum every couple months for years now.
My little pumpkins
Yayy, things are sorted now!
Huggie time!
XOXO!
Innocence Smiley King
chella
on IG
Thanks guys!
I can tell that you been practicing
Sounds fun!
Really mis my precious moment
Did I mention that I got this awesomely amazing new profie pic made by It looks so owo!
Core AF
My favourite season
I believe been a die hard fan of the weeknd since I was 10. getting old man, xo
This rendition of the of is the bomb!
Thanks for answering
Ma vie il est si beau
Toscana
Happy birthday beautiful!
Ok, aik din m 602 rts or 1562 favs, i'll never forget this,u all rocked guys
Klaus
WOW! esto es
Sope Forever... Sope Forever... Sope Forever... Sope Forever
You can say that again!
Cheers bro
Not The Usual
ANNAYA!!!
Post From Vadhina Garu.
Good night guys, we you very much love
Indeed sweet
My love
I my Pvt. Cross
One of my faves powerful grabe
Our relationship right here, why people envy us cause they hate our love story
te amo
These are the most beautiful creatures to me!
/ |
/ /
/
/_/
Boy problems, who's got 'em?
Pure bliss! We you!
hahahah they did!!!! thank you thank you! hope you celebrated your bday well too!
Thank you tho it does feel good to hear that lol having this money dogs is fuckin hard sometimes
Ram- Leela
Bajirao- Mastani
Khilji- Padmavati
-@deepikapadukone
Forever and ever
' Get Motivated ' -
to all Na Fans & Well-wishers
Watch till the End
It's the criminal justice system that's broken, not Ben or you and your family
Hope your ok Hun!!!!! Very brave and lucky to have people like you
You just stole my breath!
(no context)
Como sempre
Haha aww I love you!! I miss you so much lol
2 of my most lovable boys + our princess
ok im listening
Special day for a special lady R.I.P Momma
Smiling and laughing
Jumping for joy
Forgetting all worries
Stuff happens
When you are in love
-Congratulations to coach valbo00 and wishing you guys a happy life together
Thank u lovely
Daddy's little monster
Need ideas what to dress my bumb up as for Halloween. Baby Bee wants to
Happy birthday to Hanbin
Subscribe to my channel Angel De Guzman
Obrigado Mr.Styles
oof thank you and i love you too wiyah!!!! so much!!!!
Thank you!
Merci Boo AZ
Yay! Nice to meet you po! I hope you enjoy your stickers po as much as I have enjoyed creating the
Charlotte "But great art has felled empires, and therein lies all the difference."
Thank you! They're my little loves.
Sunday Night TV Thando
Ing ani akong reaction sa inyo, self-entitled brats.
God ikaw na bahala for tomorrow I trust You po
THANK YOU Thank you for coming to Europe and fullfilling my dream after 4 years of waiting I am so happy that
Heh, heh I literally love it so much I stop wearing it
had a truly relaxing weekend.... i love this vibe man
Get well soon
Go Stamps! Cheering you on
I could watch this a million times and still not get enough
I've been looking for a while
But nothing else could ever satisfy
our rainbow nationa is so blessed
Happy Birthday Mom I love you
Jonathan McReynolds x Make Room
iloveyou soulmate
que lindo
They match!!
Happy too
Thank you bby
Oh girlfriend, I am right there with you!
AAAAAAAAA EU VOU TER UM ATAQUE masami-senpai me notou
youre so strong sis! may allah grant you with the highest level in syurga
you definitely deserve it!
Congrats girl on such a beautiful family!! came such along way, truly happy for you!
Happy Anniversary.
Happy birthday to my better half
know her but i love her tweets and she looks beautiful
I love this story
You know what? Everytime I think one of the boys is my absolute favourite, the other one does something cuter. I love all of them so much.
Lucky you! Looks fab. Lovely autumn colours too. Travelling by bike is the best.
Bella Trieste!
Sea view in one side and mountain view in the other.
Ooooh
My Love is Coming Back I Can't Believe love you
I saw LAY Sehun I love you
Who do we fear? Kick out the spirit of fear, and replace it with the FEAR of GOD!
BYUN BAEKHYUN!!!
THIS MAN!
WHY IS HE SO BEAUTIFUL?
THOSE BROWN BANGS, THAT INTENSE STARE!
MY HEART IS
Happy Birthday sis love you to infinity & beyond
buenoo
Go follow me, I'll be posting Disney World / Universal outfits until I go
Oh Unathi pouring her out,lost without you everyday in her car,Wow
Awww! wait!
WINNER 2018 EVERYWHERE TOUR IN BANGKOK
all dis calling me "amor" & "love" making me heart go
BoOM bOOm booM bOOM BooM BoOm
A client just told me my picture should be up on the wall with the other trainers thank you for letting me train you
Das coisas que enchem de orgulho. Eu que fiz
It's a great evening to eat my girls booty
Primera parte quieren ver a rtt. Y muchos
Thank you baby & I miss you too
finally in my comfort zone
Done
Happy happy birthday again to you my love
Thank you dearie. I appreciate it.
Hii Malaysian Lights I made a video review off all the freebies that I've got. If u have time watch it A
Hope all going well
Prince of iKONIC
gracias por tanto
So this is what you doing its amaZING
OT9
My girlfriend is soo pretty
Only if true love existed
Aloo tikki chaat, I live for thee.
Thank you Ebony!! means a lot
Happy birthday luv
Enrique recently did an interview in London which will air Tomorrow on the show on ITV Cant
when you'll be done with the radio interview could you please take a look at this?
a long wait that is not in vain
We are one
In simple terms...... a doula does that & more
Do you feel the passion or calling to become a doula? Find
Patrick for lyfe
:D Familia curiosa
happy birthday to carrie fisher, my greatest love. shd might be gone but she'll always be with me in spirit
Oh God. Love, wishes and prayers to Amritsar
I got you! even stronger than u know
means a lot my man, really does
Ishq ka rang.. Laal
P. S : The caption has nothing to do with the video.
Es preciosa
1
All we can do is keep the threads about clean streaming going around.
| dpanabaker via instastory
Hanbin Oppa Happy Birthday
Thankyou for inspiring us and keep smiling bcoz ur smile is my favourite. Oppa
you are a great person love, i love you
Te amo
Yesss Inigo?
MAGA 45 RED FRIDAY EXPRESS
United We STAND, Together We Win
Let's be MAGA 2gether, /RT/Follow
Best Indian Serials Songs
Fan Made
CPC VJS istham
Even better to BE the guest
8.0lbs & 20 inches
... Helen's been baking .. we got flapjacks!! .. someones stolen one
I absolutely you for this article. Like. For realz.
broken here tonight and darling no one else can fix me, only you.
Once davao Chapter Please
Since no Randy/CM Punk, go for the Phenom.
New video is live now, go show it some love!
|
Happy birthday, self.
Oh it's okay thanks for your reply
I can see Myy love ot9 after 2 years
Precious moments with the girlfriends Zamek Topacz
One day I'll write a Book and they all will read You..!!
Good luck
Too late already
This is so sweet thank you so so much love
My Favourite time and place 7:30am
Congrats to all!! Looking forward to each new episode every week though it is a bit melancholy.
Me so uwu
Man, oh man, my little meatball is married From playing soccer, to skipping school, to partying, to living AND
collection by the best valentegiancarlo
The fan who met she said she is exactly like naira in real life
Thank you for this gorgeous suit
Is treading in Malaysia!!
Happy Birthday my qtie pieeee Lovelots Godbless my love. Takecare less drama nko bsta kay mag enjoysee
I got my best birthday gift ever
2014 Witching Hour
F a m
Thank you
Selamat hari jadi sayang stay healthy stay pretty stay with me okey ? I love you
till we meet again
Our hearts go out to those affected by this horrible natural disaster and we are definitely
love that man
Beautiful ! Hes growing way too fast
aw thank you! miss you!
In love with
A little of yesterday. Took a nice drive around Applegate Valley with Rick and Buddy.
I feel like I'll always have a thing for you. I don't know, there's just something about you that gets to me every time.
Feel better now
N P
If you are European F/A player :
RT if you are AR
FAV if you are Smg
finally found it
Inta kanna Baga ela cheptadu raa balayya
to NTR Annayya
Lindo!! !!!
OT9
happy 19th pp glad we get to struggle through college together everyday thankful for your friendship pretty
A great day to be remembered Rasan , raghad , ma and babe Rahaf 21 October
Happy birthday Hanbin
I wish all the best for you. You mean the world to me
Love you ~
So pretty
I went to zombie crawl this year but Also, my hair was so long and beautiful
Happy Birthday still my favourite picture of us x
be left in the dust unless I stuck by you. the sunflower. I think your love would be too much.
Congratulations to King 36th
Rest In Peace Adam. Lakeview is not going to be the same without you. I love you buddy
Goodmornight. TyL for everything!
my EXO-L is crying rn
Happy Birthday
Thank you so much
Wonderful, colourful tapestry with all the components; history, romance, adventure, travel and
gonna do those top five questions today thank you for so many
Tw AvB: Thanks for all your messages! You guys are the best
Thanks dear!!
Yes!
HalaMadrid!
Love you so much
YOU SMELL LIKE GARLIC BOLOGNA
Market Cap: $211,478,793,582
BTC Dominance: 53.61%
BTC: $6521.64259229
ETH: 0.0317494 BTC
XRP:
Un super moment ! A refaire !
Astronomically, Venus retrograde is pretty profound: This 40-day backspin marks the period when Venus begins
When you realize, you have no heart to give.
Happy tears with this wishes
Thank so much angel
Love you
That video I named a potato once.... even drew a face on him. Then had to bury him in the yard
Offtop bro 10 summas +
Turn my notifications
FOLLOW everyone who RETWEETS + this
Saengil chukha hamnida Kim Hanbin Thank for loving us unconditionally We love you more than you
Today Marks 3 MONTHS Sis I still believe this I miss you so Much !!! Our PRINCESS ALWAYS & FOREVER
POR FIN
Such a beautiful doggo~.
I love talking about islamic topics with my dad
If you're struggling today, please reach out. You matter.
Forgiveness is really key
Starting my birthday right
the best
Fritz mais lindo que vi na Oktoberfest
happy birthdayyy!! Thank you and sorry sa ugali ko nung g9 hehe God bless
happy birthday Hanbin
This is gorgeus wow
is my rock, idk what do without her
Been watching this all day I think I might have a problem
Free transport to a loving home for young very friendly affectionate playful
im from california, id like the black YB hoodie. thank you lots
"You are the wish that came true."
Happy birthday to this queen
180922 TICC
[ pic
so gorgeous
Viu no shopping com as meninas
Wah gila rambut yanan
I LOVE IT
Beauty queen HD_HDR stills
sooo sweet
!
So glad you all had a great time!! It looked awesome.....Be safe going home!!
I get from my Mama!
thanks for your hardwork, you did well.
Top of the morning everyone It is a gorgeous morning and we are getting ready to go Biking in honor and
Best memory of the year
Good night my Sweetheart
Done with every steps
Good luckkk
Great
thank you!!
so lucky to have a very understanding boyfie yieut
My forever love
Goals
Cry cry cry yixing kings is back
' cel, fotoin aku dong lagi megang ice cream buat kamu '
ok gan.
my favorite person
Most genuine person
HBD PARINEETI CHOPRA
Pure soul
catch ups
Outstanding artworks by
Comment below what you think about this dazzling artwork and double tap if
Women empowerment! Powerful list! It would be powerful if you could upvote 365 Days of Happiness thanks
Obrigada, baby
Primo
Thank you loqk
love you guys
wallpaper aesthetic:
Hirai Mimo
rt se usar
fav se gostar
se usar, tire print e nos marque
/min min
thankful for the people that are in my life
trade my best friend for anything in this world
universe, please help me and guide me
TE AMO GRACIAS POR ILUMINAR MI DIA KIM SEOKJIN
Por mais pessoas assim nesse mundo
living MY best life so pretty
Happy Birthday fam!
Such a pleasure to meet you finally, you were lovely and kind. Thank you
I know I just saw you last night but stay strong tori. I love you dude
I literally just voted for Why We over and over again for the past half hour...I feel great
I look out my window and see an old man walking along, he stops by the rose bush and smells it and just continues on with his walk
I love her spirit. A beautiful soul
tbom meu bbzinho .
We Love You
I love this covers
Respect your man.
Love this story every time I see it
Love you too
Really wish I met in Raleigh today. But as she said. feel like I look
It's so pretty !! love your little globe with the owl
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MY LOVE
That trot tho
AGF Aarhus - Aalborg
Aalborg prochain but 1,90 (1%)
RT & FAV si tu suis
The Skies are Blue, Heaven is True
nathalia feliz pq tirou meu sangue
:(((( always too busy for Ft
So magala friend. A shoulder to cry on, helping hand ka. Visit usss Luvlots,
Kuch khawab Adhure reh jatay hain
Khwaishein Dil main hi reh jati hain
Aur Aankhon mein sirf hasrat.....
Sure thing, Michael! Don't forget even if your local store closes you can shop online with us
is now live
Love this kid, who is willing to take on the world.
Omg!!! That is awful thank you, I love you too!!
I love you Dad
Thank you I was waiting for over five years but it finally happened. It's
Hit that button now if you prefer the shiny shoe look
You, as well!
. Blue Red
Posted so many times
Yes cant wait
I could stand beneath this fire tree all day.
Awww thanks
Yes cant wait
happy birthday to the selfless leader, genius lyricist / producer and my first love in iKON,
For Ph fans of We finally have a reseller for the photoessay!!! 1,280 plus shipping fee pa
Beautiful day to have stayed off this app.
Good luck if possible ask your doctor about it
I can't believe he finally noticed me
Maschsee view. Maschsee
HE HAS SUCH GORGEOUS HANDS
Will always be one of my favorite AM songs
Located at Yonge and Summerhill is the most adorable tuck shop!
Here you can find unique gifts, fashion, home
HopeKook, The 3 Kim's and YoonMin
ADORO a esta mujer
.
.
Sea of Dreams
.
.
Follow .the.stars for more
.
.
Click on the link in my
I love that greys anatomy is a huge source of comfort for me. I can watch it anywhere and feel like home
Happy birthday dear self. A year oldera year wiser
on IG Stories
thank u fiz
I can see u there owo
YOU are SOOO Friggin' Adorable, Sexy, Gorgeous, and Lusciously Lovely, it's Amazing
I miss you so much already you all are such amazing and sweet people
I you.
The power of drawing
Good morning loves
If this finds you I hope you have an amazing Sunday
Chahe Life Me Kaisi Bhi
Situation Aa Jaye,
Bas Aap Kbi Mera
Sath Na Chhodna..
Champagne with cotton candy anyone? Celebrating our bestie getting married! rayannrich
Twitter Header for
RT's & Likes Appreciated!
Happy birthday oppa
Living the high life in branching in one of my favourite spots of Manchester : Cloud23 only the best for my
Easy easy on Armin man its too early to beat him All respect to you both
ugh i love Des :((
thank you! check it out
ily all
Happy birthday to nephew and niece
I am certain. Congrats
EXO IS BACK
I miss you boy's
Tkt
I love you
See you tomorrow for country night
Kuch khawab Adhure reh jatay hain
Khwaishein Dil main hi reh jati hain
Aur Aankhon mein sirf hasrat.....
Thank you so much my love
We don't like it yixing, WE LOVE IT AND WE LOVE YOU KING !!!!!!!!!!
Wooow I love you
WE LOVE YOU NAMJOON !
DE RIEN !!
PLEASE COME BACK NEXT YEAR AND REST AS MUCH AS YOU CAN !
Happy birthday my love
Lindo essa homenagem q fizeram para o
Congratulations and
Our china sheep we are so happy to see you on this comeback! We missed ot9 so much, really we will be super happy
Happy , B.I uri beloved leader
May God Bless You, May all your wishes come true, Stay healthy,
He really is
Tamale season is upon us
VIV HATRICK AGAIN!!! WHAT A WOMAN, WHAT A STAR
Tsss
You make me feel so ( HAPPY ) every single day, thank you for always making me smile
i got mine BeauTyra Feline . packaginggg sooo cuteeeeee .
Walthall Wedding 2018
Happiest birthday cutie pie You did great fr 3yrs nd continuing.....
"@CUTEPIEE_:
9
Thank you so much i hope you'll have a nice day too!!
Why did I immediately think of Gwen when I saw this?
blu-ray
Deleted scenes
sweet
Anyway,
Thank you!!! They really are the best - so sweet and loyal
sweet 16
These deaths man... these deaths took apart of me because the shit is just so unbelievable man. Rip Donovan
army, follow who likes
thank you for putting on an amazing show, see you soon
TE AMO
Maybe something electric? Like these shapes but blue and red?
I loooove what done
Jane The Virgin
real__pcy
weareone.exo
welcome
My supporter
I have nothing to say expect
Paris is the city of Love
hi it's my birthday!
has the same top number
I say this with love though. a cooking is always the best
Always loved this picture of me dancing.
Meu sangue
My FTR1200S would take me all over Bangalore and then India!!
Guys
is just 2 million away for a 100 Million.
Keep Streaming
~ KAY
Car got a wash, new air freshener, and gas.... ready
sizi seviyoruum
baby luv
No puedo creer que hace un vi a
Hope okay beautiful
te amo p smp
Selma raw vulnerability touched my heart. all fighters, fighting a very real battle. God bless her
I have a prom this year :( but I have a winter formal. I live in Massachusetts US and luv if u came with me
Morning
Hi Cait i had such a really hard weekend and i hope I would get an answer from you!
Incredible. A great way to start your Sunday
tu chata, mas eu te amo
Ifb just
happy birthday g!
It is Gryff and rather soggy
Happy bday Zi hao
Oh my ! That smile
Ps. Life is blessed
Thank you to everyone who wished me happy birthday! Had a good weekend with the old ball and chain Sophie. Hahaha
I still remember the days I prayed for the things I have now
Happy Birthday to our hardworking leader Thank you for being born. Pls always be happy and healthy. We love you
Yes Boss! We really love it ~
Thank you for your hardwork, please stay healty.
You know super emotional right now love you si squared
Thank you for your support!
"must film my bae from every angle"
Fuck this shiiit I love you babe
Coment= a ti
Absolute Perfection Adore Daddy Derek already I see a BIG Family Dinner In the Future Best Writing Ever
Valentine
This year you're mine futagucci!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Te amo best
always here for u bebe
Awesomeness
Bringing this back to celebrate if anyone wants to support OT9 I made this little thing for your display
hey geuss what,,,, lanque,,,,
Fav
Sari bby
Family Days!
always my fav actor/singer/puntianak
Thank u so much!
Peach Girl is a must watch movie HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
| x alinalibkind
Congratulations, I'm so happy for you
THIS IS NOT A DRILL!
Nasa Pilipinas na ang 2019 SUZUKI JIMNY!
We're now open for reservation!
Reserve yours
Thank You Vries
I've already voted for her today gave her all my 100 votes
Happy birthday, oppa I wish that you will always be healthy, happy and that you continue to write amazing
OK. So thought I would treat myself to Blown away by how empowering & articulate they are re. women's issues. Respect. New fan.
OT9 comeback
Marked my first month in
great, I did really enjoyed it! Aberystwyth
Anyways, look at my stitch braids
Love this T!! Proud of you
When you catch up with 1 of your bessies . The world is a great place again
Congrats baby
Colour tu...lawa gilerrrr
"HEY KEITH"
We don't just like it yixing, WE LOVE IT AND WE LOVE YOU KING !!!!!!!!!!
It's been waaaaay longer than 3 years. Thank you for always being a great friend!
Afta Lunch Things! With my Love we have fun everywhere we go! Love you Boo
Thank you to my big family my friend
The most important thing is my mom
Officially grade after 3 years
I love everything about concert Last night
Chargers are smashing it
my other half
Thank you love
Goodnight mahal! I love you so much Sleeptight!! And don't let the bug's bite haha mwaa
Ohh boy ..
(0-100 KPH) in just 3.9 seconds ..
I love the tone.
was unforgettable put on such an amazing show , and being surrounded by so many
What's wrong hun? dm me
Thank you!
Really gunna miss this team. Rays of Hope - Walk & Run Toward the Cure of Breast Cancer
Big grind for sub 6h on Super Mario Galaxy 120 Stars starts right now
602 Race is on December
Like this picture if you love Anthony Martial
Make e start v Juventus
A new bud called Boko!
We found them doing carpentry in The Dusty Mountain!
Structural Engineering: Vibrations
Minha princesa ih ih ih
Amo um lugar
I already downloaded Starple. Gonna do what a Wannable must do!
this for a gif starter.
Our lost their match against
Thx for the game dudes
A full of LOVE
so glad that my sister & her friend had fun at the concert they went to last night.
Finally
Shoutout to for the sweet words
Oh Budapest, you have my heart We've just got back to our apartment after a full on day of exploring this
thanks Jos, love you
Dominguinho em
Tarak Trivikram
Truth!
Thats why I love and respect him so much.
Ranbir is love
Chaejin cheer up kibum for this solo debut
Cr. Chaejin story instagram
Merci bts
Follow & support
181022 real__pcy DON'T MESS UP MY TEMPO
a sweet hats off to Cactus Dan!
S
P
A
R
A
T
I
thank you chim!! always here for all of u love youuu
Hi my sweet
I love this
2 years with my best friend I love you
Everithing together we saw that
Thank you
My Everyday Makeup Routine is now uploaded on my facebook page its Rommel Sarmiento please do like and sharee.
hey beautiful Angel, I would be very happy if you could follow me I love you with all my heart
Thank you!!
I love this baby
Thank you! It truly is the best month.
Family
Happy Sunday
Follow this great Patriot
FB &RT IFB every single one of u Patriots
Good luck to us
Thank u so much!
La moutardie
Love you too, Dee
The way Alia said badhai ho.
A night well spent with Alumni Dancers & Cousins sakit sa lalamunan besss!!!
Thank you love
Love this it is so true!
City day with and a supporter Maybe we can hangout one day
flood my cross with ice, getting money my religion
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ANNE
Thank you brotha
Love you!!
No puedo con tanto x.x kavdkabdb
Cry Baby !!!!!!
You made it home girl. Just like you make it through everything. strong and I love you
No problem girl. Keep it up
Yessss! That would be amazing!
Thank youuu
Loop V 1.5 RDA
with
Fused clapton coils
by
damn i the color
Champion -Korede Bello
THIS! I'm so proud of you
This is the beauty of life that I want to see on Twitter.
Wherever you are. Whatever you're doing. Whoever you're with. I'll never forget about you. Just know that I love you
what is your favourite tattoo that you have and do you have a meaning behind it?
Also, you
GRACIAS POR TODO PERDON POR TAN POCO
gay-love-121: They way he put his hand around his neck tho
looking back at these photos of our Thanks for your participation in our events!
happy birthday to my favorite
South Dakota
tapos yung ganitong prof??? grabe nakakamotivate talaga tong term na to. good luck samin next term!!!
Thanks for everything. I'll be waiting for you.
again for
Just keep in touch every once in a while please, I was worried.
They can not have enough of each other
know you mate but head up, YNWA
Minha princesa ih ih
Without any doubt
My strength of all times
Much love Shouq
Thank you, Lord.
visiting Scotland for the first time in March. What is a spot/attraction you would recommend? Thanks x
I will never get tired of listening on your music. Happiest Birthday
I have to agree
Heck yeah I love it
thanks, ganda mo din hihi
in love memory of our princess Leia
never been treated like this before
YO LOS AMO TANTO ES QUE USTEDES IRRADIAN TANTO AMOR ME MUEROOOO
Tracklist for the new debut album Cookies Cream, Release date is set to be 2/14/19
I just threw my phone across the room when I saw this hahaha but thank you Owen!
I love you bff
Fitness Babes 2018-10-21 15:56:29 Download high quality pic here Follow, Like and
please make The Distance a official single!
Puppy love.
May your day be filled with love, light and all things nice.
favourite season? amazing new tune btw, stop listening
DSSW Deep State in National Parks
10K? Army Deep State March 2America
The most beautiful art is looking into someone's eyes when they talk about the things they love
Also gotta say thank you to for everything she does for me & my hair lol. a blessing in devil form
Good Evening!
early gift to myself
I really want to see Kriesha Chu in a bolder hair color
Ai droga
Yay! Thank you. our So proud of her!
I love you too
I think I will frame this pic they are so precious
Love youuuuu glad you love and support the dance team, obvious some people
I love you so much
I love this dog
Semoga tahun ini kita Nisa ketemu ya hehe Happy Birthday stay healthy pls
My parrot has been biting my MacBook Pro - Love her so much I don't even care
good night baby, good night sayang
Los amo
Mein Riesenbaby Thor!
Hey guys! Don't forget to check me out on IMVU! I'm pretty chill and I'd love to meet new people! Every one of
Made my day humanity still exists
that white coat
Worshipping with my ACKM family at Advancing Christ's Kingdom Ministries-Hobart
beautiful family.
fb preaches about mental illness and how important it is but share memes like abuse body dysmorphia
Hi I'm Rahmat
I'm new here, kindly follow me I follow back
I didn't do my own when i came back
Please
My WHOLEEEEE world
Tenth avenue north
She glows
X passed and he still takin W's
He drew a semicolon on my wrist.
I drew a fullstop on his.
( for the MayWard photos)
more than enough
Family
Obang: Hanbinnie hyung HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Obang is always so caringggg
Happy birthday crush hehe
Managed to buy the sticker across the region. Very cute!~
Princess leya
Follow this great Patriot
FB &RT IFB every single one of u Patriots
YESSS on a high note
not BeWhy but B and i = B.i.... Dotdaeeee!
I love them
Love Coupe. Waiting for Antares.
Love lives here
ballantinessa ballantines Rands Cape Town
pave the road directly to ahgase heart
is the best
Mookie with the save just call me Mrs.Betts
I still love you
Back Home safely... Continuation where it ended... just got my farorite red heels on and my tatt healed
Stay by my side
Would never Talk ab you like that
thank God for blessing me with another day
An angel thank you!
I love you so much
not going to lie .. Yesterday was one for the books
Your happiness and joy matter.
Who needs a boy to give a spooky box when you have a awesome mom
20101022 2011 S/S
cr: as
Chilling in the car and Shadow of the Day came on the radio. It's gonna be a good day.
Thank you 7yaty More
Yes it is ... some people just not great enough to see it keep your head up I love you
Did you ever see a drawing(about you) that I made?
That's one of 6 drawings
Insta: ilysm.james
Also thanks for the follow!!
my sisters wedding from yesterday my hun bun so beautiful
I missed my girl
My new wallpaper
tornato mio marito
hoco
Mais um domingo atoa
My baby I can't believe it's been a year since I took this picture
I just want someone to surprise me with breakfast.
Watched Endlessly by The Cab again. Grabeee neneng nene talaga si Hailee dun
You deserve all great things in the world
Happy birthday
Successfully wins Hearts
Thank you so much for your love and support
The Crusade Against Breast Cancer. Marks Park Sports Complex
Follow this great Patriot
FB &RT IFB every single one of u Patriots
Her smile
Awesome You deserve this now go have fun!
This makes me so happy
en insta Katrana, que tiene cosas super chulas
Not possible
Para kay i did my very best. love you always. i hope you notice me someday.
Me and That Lady Never See Eye To Eye But Ik When All Set And Done Moms On All 10 Behind My Name
Laban MG! Go for Miss Globe.
is the same day as Sho's J-anniversary! What a lovely surprise, i didnt know!
I hope this day was a good one for you too as well as the members Pls tell me you ate
anyways... bts are all lesbians
"let them be them let us be us"
U make me fall in love with u by your hard work
Please take good care yourself
We love you
Happy Bithday!!!
Congratulations Shawnyy
If anyone could message me ANY photos they took I would greatly appreciate it. Thank you so much
Je suis dedans Hehe
THANK YOU SO MUCH SERI I HOPE SO TOOOO
20101022 2011 S/S
cr: as
80's
Follow this great Patriot
FB &RT IFB every single one of u Patriots
Great night ! so much Laura, Ryan and the band !!
Our Giraffee Pompey quite sure
check this out
this is for you zara :)
Now matter what you are the best.!! I U 92.48
It's not a true friendship if they don't remind you when your favorite almonds are BOGO.
Can you plz get me a From Jack or any of the boys...but mostly Jack plz
So powerful and deep
You are back babe , welcome
have I missed Q&A?
Drop a if you believe in human goodness
Retweet if a proud clique mom
I Mary Robinson
Oh ! Don't Mess My Tempo vs Ko Ko Bop .. hahahah
My baby Hanbinie, happy birthday hope you wish to be released. I love you, your My first love . Thank you
I AM OFFICIALLY THE BF
A Back List Gem MAGIC IN THE STARS A scientist studying the stars. An astrologer who predicts the future.
Why do i feel like this au is gonna emotionally harm me dhdhbd poor tae tae :((
Thanks. We are sending a DM shortly.
[YEOLSTAGRAM] 181022 (real__pcy) Instagram update:
DON'T MESS UP MY TEMPO
So cute
Oil execs watch the oil rig explosion scene in There Will Be Blood and be like Goals how do I do
Friday Afternoon drive to inland
Winter season almost here
Join us! Qatar Follow
.
We all love you Roxy, here if you need a chat
You always are there for us. I love you more than anything
I Love you baby
Hbd boo an amazing friend, entrepreneur, and mom so proud of you!!!! Love u till the end
Oh no up Norm
Me
Something to think about
A year has passed since our meeting and I felt the need to thank you so ... again thank you passato un
Mine is November 4th!
Thank you your kindness means everything to me. Please spread the word
Hii hope u have a beautiful day it's so cold here in NJ hope u had a great Saturday it was my moms Birthday yesterday
Happy Birthday Kim Hanbin my love Saranghaeeee
Best time of my life
Ryuko Matoi
blu-ray
Deleted scenes
sweet
Anyway,
Yr gau yrrrrrr
Plz yr do smethng na.... Do smethng dt we cn hv khan sisters again
Thats so in my Dream list
hfndkdjjdb youre so sweet thankyou so much
wRicchan
Ikr. Those songs were amazing. And srk.
KEEP this in GEAR
For coveted ova JAGS!
dans tous les cas, prends ton temps
et profite !!! ;)
wait to until your graduation!!!! so proud of you! Just wanted to tell you that!
happy 900k ate you deserve all of this we love you!
Happy birthday!! Hope you have a great day!
The most down to earth person ever met!
One family
Love your song
I love she is so amazing so dominant and knows how to take charge best mistress ever
Tbpandtswiftfan on Tumblr, Twitter and Insta.
Im cool you love
make me some chili cheese fries today
Friendship goals
happy birthday love
LMAAAAOOOO thanks again big homie
Had a ball! another reunion soon come...love you
going to cry
Jamaican Family
Vigil in Jamaica
Please share
Happy meeting day
Dedicated post
Best one so far
They and Matthew West can only produce magic
Welcome Jinxc
i am so happy for and
Sorry my fish died
.
.
Irei fazer isso obrigada
so blessed to have such loving & supportive people in my life Alhamdulillah
Como consentir a nuestro hermso
Little late but thank you ma lovely!
Soooooo ready for tonight
Thank you for this gift
Tag who would wear this.
ORDER HERE:
Perfect for your family members and
Had bible study last night that lasted til 3am..wayyyyy more fulfilling than when i ever went out and got drunk..
cause a good mama! I do hope to meet them someday
Chanyeol updated his ig with the teaser always sleeping so late baby must be so excited about our reactions
Follow this great Patriot
FB &RT IFB every single one of u Patriots
Same
Love "Caddyshack II"
Superb I'll send a little treat soon
Nuestra reina
your tweets are love...
What a fabulous weekend so lucky
I was boutta say dope tho
I believe been 20 years wow Charmed practically raised me
Uschiiii! I think so! I switched accounts a few years back?
Thank you I really love her
I made a group chat for people to spam some spicy memes into, let me know if you wanna be added
Game day good luck teamies !
What I just did for a certain somebody just made me feel so good
artist, can anyone tell me his name ? Superb artist
I first saw you I actually think be the one, but you changed
Then I love u
Had THE best day taking over social at the TEEN AWARDS interviewing everyone on the line up & more .. (
Shows like happen's once in a lifetime time,Thank you To make a show Wich will stay
Hope so babe! always here for you! Dm me anytime to talk!
Free rides to the polls from Uber and Lyft
Cook breakfast hungry ....thank you
So accurate!
The more I watch this video , The more emotional it gets every time
Thank you Kim Hanbin for existing
I will
so right! I always struggle with trying to please everyone but, in reality impossible. Thank you boo
CONGRATS FAVE!!! IM SO PROUD OF YOU, I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!
Another wonderful birthday night out with my boyfriend I have a feeling 28 is going to be an incredible year for me
Happy Birthday Bobby
Ifb shout out
USTe
Pegas Productions - Amy Anderssen's Big Fake Tits Solo Masturbation
con mi mami
Woke up 7 am to play this awesome game
Ikr!!!!
Time to see the Vet but I could come round and give Mr Norm a little paw to leg massage
Because He is faithful to complete that which He started in me
14~10~2018
in awe
Love her!
I only hope the best for you and your genuine and lifetime happiness thank you for everything. always my greatest love
Satan has me in his radar. But god as me in his hands
Thank u gopal for making this awesome sarkar it
I just so happened to be stopping to pee, saw some beautiful shit. I thought you would appreciate it, tbh
OMG!! I DIDNT EVEN NOTICE LAY IN THE TEASER!!!! WHATTTT OMG OT9 IS BACK!! MY IS GONNA EXPLODE!!!!
PETA on Twitter
Thank you, I hope now you can rest a little...
I love you
lmao
stealthin-guys: My favorite stealth !
Yesterday church mission (600) total in groups of 10 cleaned our front yard. They take a donation totally blessed
Love a stylish queen
Sdds
Nothing beats 18 year old Jongin inmy heart, truly my first love
Aweee I miss them babies and my girls
happy 900k ate pam congrats
THIS
make it trend guys
Strength to you
nice to meeting you guys! thankyou for today hihi.
ty Evan!! I love you too, you fucking inspiration May we both be blessed with lots of random dog encounters
The Familia of Q4W, Friday Afternoon drive to inland
Join us! Qatar Follow
.
Happy birthday to i love you
loveeee you boo
Das wird super
Tbm te amo
Our Bashers always shine
Thank you love you miss you too!!
I love you too so much Ate!! youre a blessing
Congratulations Max! We miss you in the neighborhood
Distance means nothing, when someone means everything
A dupla!!!
Prayers for you my friend
you make me proud every single day, thank you for being you! Te amoo
Happy birthday Em!!!! love and miss ya like crazy!
Blessed Sunday
Just one more baby hurt, right?
got something unique for all art lovers
Lol last night though, shoutout to my boys though for having my back
I My !!!!!!!
Happy birthday Kim Hanbin
Tuve un colapso me encanta
THANK YOU
I this incredible message! Every day we should be the sun in someone day!
Back Home safely... Continuation where it ended... just got my favorite red heels on and my tatt healed
Your literally the cutest dog I have ever seen
+ =
'.. ab yeh hero baanega toh heroine toh mujhe hi banana padega na?'
naina's wish better be getting fulfilled
I hope everyone has the best day of their entire life today
Happiness is being at home .. Sarvodaya Enclave New Delhi
My bitchhhh bad
but are you okay tho?
Thanks so much, Im still in shock!! X3
You are our strength during hard times and our motivation to learn how to love ourselves Thank you so much for
Happy happy love you too
please answer
I love you
I wish i can make you smile that way
WTHHHHH HHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHA THANKYOUUUU JOANNEEEE LABYUUU
Last spaces for makeup in the salon with me Saturday - 3pm and 5pm deposit
I swear the Halloween photo shoots like me but at least Tokiya came. Now I wish that Ren would too
Happy birthday to our beloved May the force be with you in heaven...
Love this photo
thanks dommm!! love and miss u more! i'm trying to plan a weekend to come visit
900k na ateee
congraats!! you deserve it :>
LABOAB KITA TE PAAAM!
Happiest birthday cutie pie
You did great fr 3yrs nd continuing.....
Happy Sunday! my birthday is just 5 days away! I would love if you could donate & repost! Thank you so much for the support!
Family
DIA 19, MANAAAA? ANSIOSISSIMA AAA
I love this
I love them
I love their love
I Love You DeMarkus Shakur Walkes, Never Stop Being You, You Deserve The World Continue To Be The Best Thing
The best
I know you're always watching but busy too
brunch w/ the fam today
a Thriller
Last na bukas. Goodluck guys. See you next sem
Happy for my Loveeeee
Eu amo muito
are for being snug all day with my little people
MR
Thanks Phizy babes
Como consentir a nuestro hermoso
stop listening to Rufus Du new album
True representation of EXOLs in this moment is around the corner fasten ur seatbelts
This is the first time i searched and listened to a Dua Lipa song and its bcos of Blackpink. Kiss and make up sooooooo good
This one
Style of
She only hates Your Body She said Lotus was a labor of love
If
Incroyable cette photo.
too beautiful
OMG!!!! Finally ot9 welcome backk
Follow this great Patriot
FB &RT IFB every single one of u Patriots
Bby boy Algy is the sweetest boy
"Tu hai toh I'll be alright"
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to this wonderful woman! Hope you have/had a lovely weekend :)
Paradox on The Rocks
Anitha Deivamey tq so much#SunNaamOruvar On
sir
crying that hug from your mom can make EVERYTHING go away . literally the best feeling
Again
Sundaylove Have a wonderful evening
happiest birthday I miss you so much
You're welcome!
what do i do to deserve you?
Sunday well spent
Siempre
J'adore cette song
hoco was the best with you baby
Love love love
Follow this great Patriot
FB &RT IFB every single one of u Patriots
We love the song Lay! Thank you so much for a beautiful MV!
Happy Sunday Morning, everybody! Did you get lots of last night? myHummy, the smart sleep
Shiloh, and the others, have started getting fuzzy for winter.
Honestly, she's not a 3-legged deer!
Good luck anyway followed
"A problem is a chance for you to do your best." Duke Ellington
SUHO
To every cry of He answers a hundred times: am
pretty badass.
Momken portrait ytrsm b soretha httbeset beh aweiii
My fav leader
You look so good!! Take care of yourself and rest I love you
CHLOE IS HORNY AND LIVE NOW!
ready to make her squirt?
sign-up for free below
Become the
NYC!!
Thank you for the nomination!
Chase and Tetsu
I was hollering all over the place. a G. I love him
the
Beach tomorrow
Mitch & Kelsey Rowe's wedding was absolutely beautiful! u Mitchell RoweMitchell & Kelsey Roweas!
Love Love Love this!! Shallow is my favourite track!
I love you babyyyyy!! I missed you so much be safe back to school
What an adorable story shared by Laura Polt, Windermere Real Estate
Had a blast with my favorites.
i hope you follow him to enjoy his voice
YouTube:
OT9 OMG
FINALLY
XIUMIN
Its btw. What a beautiful love-romance movie played by Angelica Panganiban & Carlo Aquino super
Follow this great Patriot
FB &RT IFB every single one of u Patriots
I LOVE
- HAPPINESS IS FREE
- 10k will fall on someone on this post
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-Turn on Post
Good Evening!
OFC everything you do is pure perfection
Feliz
Simple pleasures... I relax by weeding the garden!
Wonderful
JM HM
Love ya Sess! happy to have been there to see your first prem goal tho!
I love you babe!
Happy Birthdaaay Ateee Bebe! Thankies uli sa uulitin haha. God bless always
Randall , i trust his judgement! THATO will be part of Top 4 He's amazing
Going to miss the hell out of this town
Trench
this cheesecake mousse is AMAZING i get it almost every time i work
Gorillaz
a little bit late because I had no WiFi :/ HAPPY BIRTHDAY Hanbin I love you so much and I hope you
Taeyong
Since the first day he was my bias, he's just so cute and how he expresses himself is
Eu amo o BOY STORY isso
Views em Enough, virem desses
I appreciate you so much though ngyabonga
i hope you follow him to enjoy his voice
YouTube:
Damnnn i rlly rlly want to go to Puerto rico someday!!! It's beautiful
good morning to a couple of banana-haired boys
Bitch I have broad shoulders and I love them
Love this one!
A comeback?
Wooo
.
. .
.
.
Cr. BLACK HEART
Mmmmm get Norm to call me on the Dog Phone I think we need to chat
We should treasure even the smallest happiness, as never know when will be the next - Kim Hanbin
(desculpa encomodar anjos de verdade )
~ Love Yourself: answer
'.. ab yeh hero baanega toh heroine toh mujhe hi banana padega na?'
naina's wish better be getting fulfilled
Happy birthday to my mom ily sm and i miss you
Living that best life
Follow this great Patriot
FB &RT IFB every single one of u Patriots
[221018] Chanyeol's intagram update
this in
I woke up feeling so happy and blessed
Since your love
she said thank you and she loves you
LAST DAY
Sundays are for online shopping! Our flash sale ends tonight, use code "FLASHSALE" to get 30%
Very beautiful
Aliados
I will see them in February next year And now I know that it will be the happiest day of my life || - //
Pixelmator Pro
you are the sweetest, happy to support you
I bloody love you And I'm sooooo sorry - I apologised for my hairy armpits but forgot that my legs are like a
i hope you follow him to enjoy his voice
YouTube:
Como consentir a nuestro hermoso
and Luigi !
and is trending worldwide. Yall exokon stans, where you at?
the biggest disney world hack is having a best friend that works at disney world.
It's ok. You always cute and handsome
Love him
My happiness
East West / West East By Richard Serra
Happy Birthday Miss ya!
Hey all you people!
I will be LIVE today around 6:30pm or 7pm EST not sure what to play but I hope to see you
i love you so much
Of course you went to Le Louvre
Thank you so much for those amazing 2 nights in Paris!! I had the
I am the biggest bully to myself
Stop. And Love yourself first
singapore loves you too see u the next time you are here
My mom told me her biggest wish for me is that I find somebody that loves me as much as she and my dad does. love bro.
The sexiest lips in the world
Geoff Love
are so precious!
Wow! what a voice you have!
I'm just lost in your voice!
Happy birthday to our precious hanbin stay healthy and happy we love you ikonic love you
Thank u Aurie
about time!
Cr. BLACK HEART
Aww your a beautiful couple
Calaca
ISNDISJS
Novemeber 20th baby, we love a sister scorpion queen
On
Siblings are a blessing.
Me & mi amor
Always feels good to land back in NYC
Ugh come to Calgary Alberta. It would be a dream come true
LOVE THIS
DSSW Deep State in National Parks
10K? Army Deep State March 2America
i hope you follow him to enjoy his voice
YouTube:
so are you
Last night was a blast
TE AMO TANTO MI CIELO, TU SHOW FUE Y NO HABER SIDO FELIZ
I have music to promote but i wish positivity and love to your lives follow me on Instagram jaydaamor
Labyu
Following, and love your Twitter account!!
Lucy via her Instagram
I am one of the 900k and I am more than grateful, and proud of it! Congratulations,
Look sharp
thank you omg the love
Forever my favourite couple
getting the kids ready lit MAKE SURE YOU COME OUT AND SHOW LOVE
ow that's so sad. i cant even understand a single character. anyway thankyou let's do this
I'm just saying sexual things to their non sexual things
Life is beautiful
aw that's great
Also shoutout to the fiercest party host ever. Love this girl so much!
Ifb fast
I think this might be the most Scottish tweet ever
Love you
I love wishlist treats just a quick pic of the bunny tail plug an awesome customer treated me to
TFW when you tweet about Money2020 but your wife is trying to save our democracy.
Aw I love frogs!!!!! so wee n cute
Epik High are legends. Thank you for making such banging, poetic, comforting masterpieces
Watching them in
Done
Love you too
I've been listening to Sweeter Than Fiction all day long and yeah... this life is sweeter than fiction.
So sweet!
My ancestors agree, they also foresee Yanga winning!
Happy birthday bbi.
Love you my chick
i hope you follow him to enjoy his voice
YouTube:
I'm so happy got to experience BTS live. Artists seeing artists.
SABI KO NGA EH MEDYO MASAKIT SA TONG EP NA TO
Thanks honey love you long time see you soon
Thank you Lord! I don't deserve all of this, but still, Im grateful for everything
ILYSM
Good luck big guy miss you
Though guys that ignore girls no matter how beautiful they are
Yes those type I like
the attitude you
Yes you are handsome
Thank you for your prayers I know what you mean his sister & help all I can
I know who would be without you
motivation natin yung sembreak ay long weekend pala GO SIS ALABYU
This made me cry. I love you
My heart!
Last night was a blast
DSSW Deep State in National Parks
10K? Army Deep State March 2America
LEE KNOW You deserve the world.
Sweet! Pure goodness & love thanks for sharing
Happy birthday Yuri!
Everyone needs a friend like Mikey
PRAY MORE, WORRY LESS ...
en New York, New York
Tomorrow move to my new apartments! available for incall (upper west side) and outcall. Booking: rebekkaraylive@gmail.com
Happy birthday to you
Happy Birthday !!
It's so out of this world
What is GOD saying to you in your season? If your a believer GOD wants to speak to you! He probably is! go! Activate your gifts!
Creating a masterpiece for birthday
hey bubby I miss you & I love you brother! Please stay safe & out the way!
Proud of my team always
Thank you sm Bianca! amazing
Guess the voting has payed off
HAPPY 900K road to Golden Play Button
Love you always
This concept wait for the release on Nov. 2 - 6 pm KST
OT9!
Yayyyy domo
Lance told me, a man who cares about your
Wow. Just wow
No excuses. You got me. Great match, dear. gonna go far
Love you! Me nd jack finally made it through the shit
Barish ki mosam mai tho garm pakore garm shohar garm chai ho
Just cause I trust ya lil nigga don't mean that I doubt ya I been on dat side of the counter
Follow everyone who likes this to gain new followers follow back
I have no idea!!! I miss you
Even though she was on labor she still be looking cute and popping
Just love this
The fun begins
Come get coffee & me
I
Starbucks
Beautiful spring It wasn't easy but I'm fine. Long run 55 km, 8 hours.
Happy Sunday to you from Germany gorgeous Carla Hope you have a wonderful day filled with sunshine
Proud of you
Meu amorzinho
Happy birthday Spence
My queens
yay my love is home eating breakfast at Village Inn Restaurants
Started my Day at a Spin Class really set the tone for a positive Sunday
This is beautiful
HAPPY SUNDAY! Stay sweet, my lovelies!
here u go
23:23
23.23
Im in love with my bestfriend. Hahahaha
No need love you deserve it
Schottland
Yeah right. just miss her
Q fofa
We love you po
happy birthday nora
Done
Hiii my malay squad! hope able to meet one day
i daniel caesar. his music really helps this stress go away
i hope you follow him to enjoy his voice
YouTube:
Je
I honestly wish I could have gone I'm gutted, but the fact so many are going is incredible
You deserve it so much . You know how much I adore you . My Queen forever
Me & mi amor
My fave
Me sigam
thank you thats so sweet of u
How was your day I love youuu
Congrats babies, you deserve it!
Definition of a shithouse legend
Im sorry to hear that about your friend. I hope shes doing better now Going through stuff like that is
I now know what I'm doing tonight.
Happy nasty 19 enjoy your day I love you
Happy birthday, Carrie. You are dearly missed every day.
I that.
Beach walk in October - can't beat it at
Thankyou i love you
Esta
Wooo
el
Gareth
Mon chat
This was emotional and heart touching Kv started crying after seeing his family Stay strong heroLots of love
Thank you, sir!
Thanks lovely
Count Me In
Made for each other
Happy birthday ucing lucu bet kucingmu nderrr
Ranveer calls Alia - Lulu
Alia calls Ranveer - Tutu
I actually love King B's voice, he's gifted. Ya'll can go eat dust.
I love you, pokemons.
Snorlax,
Rattata,
Bulbasaur,
i hope you follow him to enjoy his voice
YouTube:
Yes babe! We love it
295/365
Pray when you're sad
Pray when you're happy
Pray when you're nervous
Pray when you're excited
talk to Him
LOU and MOO are thick as thieves they are getting along great!! Time for the adventures begin.....Starting
Count Me In
But on a more serious note, thank you. It really did help the haachuus slow down. And surprisingly, I liked it.
don't be sorry
meu modelo
My cousin, was an absolutely stunning bride and I was honored to be a part of her wedding day
MUITA BELEZA PRA MIM AFF
Cakes by Design Edible Art
Yesterday with my sweetie
This is my fav bts of Harshad Caring Chopda....He is a GENTLEMAN
One of the infinite reasons I stan him
Yes it is
My heart!
This is my company tho
is the place of
I am very lucky. I LOVE living in Scotland. So much to do and climb!!
You are beautiful Shawn
I love you
happy birthday, luv! you're amazing and talented leader, loveyah hanbin
i hope you follow him to enjoy his voice
YouTube:
Mi
Do you have a parachute
He actually tweeted this about me so I think funny I love my hunny and wanna show him off
I'm extra in McDonald's for good internet, where are you?
congraats ulee te paaam labyuuu!
You have everything it takes. The only thing standing between you and your goal is your self-doubt.
Out with our girl
DSSW Deep State in National Parks
10K? Army Deep State March 2America
Chaelisa
One day at a time
Happy Birthday to my little baby
Happy birthday hanbinnie thank you and I love you
GoodMorning
HAHAHA yea i miss ya alot and the others too ! hang out soon this coming holiday okayy . Im
wallpaper aesthetic 1/3:
Jungkook live
rt se usar
fav se gostar
se usar, tire print e nos marque
i hope you follow him to enjoy his voice
YouTube:
The sweetest, the softest
mmw is
Oh! Thank you
Eu a mt a Jully gente
te amamos sim, LUANE MERECE RESPEITO
Absolute beast.
Sleep well, baby uwu. I love you
My brother has been on my mind a lot these last few days so I had 2 come pay him a visit this morning
if been feeling as if you need a moment with God and some healing- this will bring you peace I promise
Despite facing so many controversies, Khilji and Padmavati are going to get married next month.
Thanks, Nathan!
i hope you follow him to enjoy his voice
YouTube:
Are you planning on visiting the Philippines someday?
3hours til my insta live! I'll be singing songs I wrote at 1p.m (GMT-5)
We care that much about you.
Bordeaux
I'm here for u girl! Stay positive and you will be just fine babygirl
man my god parents are a beautiful thing they definitely goals . We was lit last night !
HAPPY TEARS I PROMISE
One of the best ads!! Women Rising via
I love what we've created
with her 10 years old twins and 14 years old son Pax at a sushi restaurant in LA looking good
Look at my sunshines.
Today, I had one question: What does being your ate require of me?
And we are proud of you, ALWAYS
taqueria flicksss
Yeah just everything goes so Shitty
GGs ily
Happy birthday to amazing and hard working leader! You will always be my biggest inspiration.
ill use the pag na or follow me din sa ig ko hehe havyyana thank
ily
they don't seem to be dating but I'm glad they're close
Seriously such a beautiful couple!
Yeah... Thats Manchester
Heaawwwww my chest nwayi Oma Ada beke
ownt kkk valeu
Me sigam
So sorry I missed u!!! Been on vacay, just got back, hope u had fun!
i hope you follow him to enjoy his voice
YouTube:
I just want to know do you love listening to and ??
Which outfit do you more? Like for Left. Retweet for Right.
Trick or treat to our
ITI MALIA
Thanks to you hope to see you again next year
We are all so so proud ! - very emotional time for Kyle winning his 1st
Thanks bby.
Happy Sunday!! a chill day for me!! But I do plan on working out today!! been a long time since
please watch this video. of a man in Hull, UK busking performing one of your songs
Second episode coming as soon as I learn how to manage my manic episodes during my future lives
Thank you. He's the light of my life.
HER SMILE MY GOOOD SXMMDM SHE CAN'T STOP BEING CUTE AND BEAUTIFUL AND UNIQUE AND AHJAKAKSKDKJDJD pls
i hope you follow him to enjoy his voice
YouTube:
Me sigam
A MOTHER! Forever In My Heart
Wish I could join you all at the panel and the lunch. Have fun! Nice meeting you last night.
be glad to have you
Apparently you smell really good what do you use I love you
Con el pecho y el
Happy birthday love
Thankyou for being the best leader for iKON members. We believe in you
Lider
I love beach
Happy birthday gabbs
+2 de ontem rs
A late night talk with him is the best!
Me sigam
Haha! Thanks! I love these pics. I heard its really hard drawing curls. These artists have it down!
I just got my Halloween one.. delish!
Thank you hon, not giving up yet.
Trop la classe may trops mims vs 2
Simplemente gracias
when can we expect the album to drop! Empty space is incredible, thank u
Love you
Aww so cute will do anything for their kids sugar or no right? I bet you had a lot of fun
No one will understand my for you babe
KingB is really special
Wow Tita Inday Hopie noticed you also!!!
You deserved all the love Tita.
Thank you so much
Hanbin is a precious leader
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MY ONE AND ONLY B.I
I Love you soooooo much
I hope you are fine and have a nice
matter how big and famous you become always be my
New Video!
BO4 HIGHLIGHTS EP.1
Show some love!
AAAAAHHH PAMSWINGG IM SO PROUDDD U KNOW GRABE HAHAHA!! GRABITI TALAGAAA WOOOHHHH U DESERVEE ITTT!!
Mick Foley has a daughter, and thankfully she looks nothing like Mankind (26 Photos)
Who is ready to I know the are Game Day!!!!! get another
Me sigam
naraid66
b%#omx%znhwn
Fam ft my very long arm :)
DSSW Deep State in National Parks
10K? Army Deep State March 2America
omg everyone is so supportive
Words ever describe how I feel about this horse
We need to touch base in the near future, girl. I'd love to hug your neck and catch up!
Happy Birthday Mah loves loveyou Hope to seeyou soon again im a fan
Charlestown, Indiana
Baby! If you need to talk here. love you
I enjoyed the night. Thankyou!
bae
i hope you follow him to enjoy his voice
YouTube:
For real! I love you too girl
Some pictures from last night
HBD LEADER OF
IS A GREAT FANDON AND IM IKONIK AND I LOVE THIS
I U BAE.
Always here
Idk I wait to come to church with my s/o I force it but I love a man of god
Happy birthday to our leader
Me gusto mucho mi noche de ayer
Rate ee Krdoo
I your art work so... creative and unique
One of my fav heroes
Always proud of Man Utd very proud of you David, you are the best
ot9
Me sigam
jus met a fan checking out my hotel dis shit fye
Hey Morgan!!! We are going start in November with the readings. Will explain on air.
Love u so much
Ik hou van treinreizen
Pretty cool my foot is still fucked up from crashing my police motorcycle in LA 12 years ago - Grateful
i hope you follow him to enjoy his voice
YouTube:
Obgd
Follow this great Patriot
FB &RT IFB every single one of u Patriots
TU QUE ME CUIDAS DESDE EL CIELO
FELIZ
Congratulations
Bangladesh
Excellent performance by Imrul Kayes.
Well bowled Mustafiz, Mehidy & all. feeling awesome
Nois broo
Te amo
Date night with the mrs is always a good night
Mini Princess is excited! We finally got HER rig up and ready to watch her favorites on Twitch!
Me sigam
An absolute pleasure. Thanks so much for giving up your time and good luck with the gala.
thank you so much!!
Harry and Tyler have the same birthday Happy birthday boys.
What a night
i hope you follow him to enjoy his voice
YouTube:
Going to church with precious people are
are more than your mistakes, and mercy is greater than your
Me sigam
DSSW Deep State in National Parks
10K? Army Deep State March 2America
feliz ser hermoso
Marcus and Martinus Make You Believe In Love Lyrics via Like
Mahal ko kayo,
G'night!
Chin up bruh...
You are an incredible sexy lady Kylie and very sweet too! A great combination
Pyaara pyaara
Awn te amooo
Well Done everyone...hope & will be okay.
The view down under is spiritually uplifting (50 Photos)
honey please take care of yourself
i hope you follow him to enjoy his voice
YouTube:
Movie marathon & food trip
In love with this book and patiently waiting for Bliss 2
The best update was when Fortnite was created
Happy birthday Legend
Swinkles
Carlos V
Nerds
Paleta payaso
Lucas
Omg donghun, you beautiful, i love you
Love him and his music one of my favorites
Me sigam
We are one
I am one of the 900k and I am more than grateful, and proud of it! Congratulations,
And suddenly, I felt fine thank you for spamming us with these wonderful photos, my love~
Follow this great Patriot
FB &RT IFB every single one of u Patriots
Happy birthday baby been hard these past years right? Pursing your dreams and working extra hard for the
beautiful. I bet they smell wonderful too.
OP1
HOUND
Central Brooklyn Democratic Socialists stand in solidarity with our trans comrades on this very difficult Sunday morning
RT if you agree with Trump: JOBS, NOT MOBS!! This is why I my President!!!
i mean, ok, he hasn't actually
i love this family so much
[JOJO MMD] Buccellati Sweet Magic
Que buen fin
Amen Amen Mel King is a for & My first experiences
Tmj
the sweetest
Soy tu fan, vas con todo
DAMN WEVE WAITed SO LONG FOR THIS EXO AND DAMN IM SPEECHLESS AND OVERWHELMed The wait was definitely worth it
I wait to put my mom in a house like this speaking THIS into existence
she ont miss me fr yall
Comment your reactions below!
UPDATED DAILY
Doubletap
Follow
Tag your friends
-
i hope you follow him to enjoy his voice
YouTube:
Hoy a las 20:30 Derbi
Inter RT
MG
No stream today. I feeling really garbage after last night. Just going to chill today
Camping tapos bonfire
Sweetest boy!
Me sigam
Wow !!!
Why are you so precious?
Happy birthday
Beautiful country fall evening
8lbs and 24 inches
Lucky you i wish i was there too
I wish I could see you again in my dreams but it is better if I could see you again when I go home this coming sembreak. IMY
happy birthday
Happy Birthday Kim Hanbin I wish you health, happiness and love
Good night
honestly it was God giving us one last moment to slay together LMAO sad
I love your work, Grateful to have your art here
we love you
OMG that would be amazing!!!
TE AMO
changbin
Valentine
This year you're mine _VolKoT!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
so lovely Seems like genuinely nice person. Too bad she went in late. Best of luck to her.
i hope you follow him to enjoy his voice
YouTube:
Come back home safely babe
I actually enjoyed myself last night
Be honest about your failures but also be hopeful for your future
Active = get rewarded
Valentine
This year you're mine _FayAbdulla!
And you, whom will be yours?
u bby G.
It's become irreversibly bad lmao.
The low money I make here isn't worth how it
Te amo mais
Love
TRAAAAAAA eu tentei
Playing a bit of Finding Dory Guess Who with the Niece
5 years and 4 months
Que Tengas Un Hermoso Domingo
Johnny
My friends always tell me he has such an American name ya know but man johnny he's the best
You did a fantastic work Yuzu
King B
She's a lovely lovely person.
HBD PARINEETI CHOPRA
Oo naman HAHA ikaw pa ba my AIESEC experience would never have been complete without u Gold
Thank you, bro! I wish to be as dedicated and hard-working as you. Congrats!!! Love you!
Happy birthday homie hope it is a good one
Right baby come here
So ready for this weekend. Much needed fun time with my girls
are you seeing my tweet? What are you doing now?
Aqui na casa da Loh
Me sigam
Good morning miss Veracruz
Damn miss the boys
Thumbnail Black ops 4 ! For :
and Si tu la trouves Clean !
Pray this day go right so I can go to the fair with my bestfriend
I wanna see spam it make this guy day and get a renegade
I love you
I gets no love on here lol, nobody heart my shit.
Me too babes!
I can not wait for this film and the trailer to be released all over the world
the only good Halloween movie on Netflix is Casper
May mga tao paring maniniwala sayo cheer up already audrey! You've wasted a week para sa drama. Waste it with
My nana most sweetest & selfless woman know. My other biggest supporter.
Thank you
LOOK AT THE HYUNGS!
WOAH SO HANDSOME!!
Happy Birthday Ssona dii.
Philippines
NAMANANA is amazing We can all see just how much effort you put in everything! Thank you for
cool on tumblr mylifebecamemalecthings glad you wanted to use it
Happy birthday, sunshine
Tempo everywhere
TYJFAD
but i love you still and i always will
Good memories
My . My Princess. My General. Forever.
Hoco 2k18 thank you guys for everything
samimiyet
Two Wild Card Entry Follow biggboss12fc for more updates
Copyright
Happy Hanbin day
I just wanna say that I love my bub so much if ur reading this bub ur always my platonic soulmate uwu
Neguinha
Bali will always be on my list
thanks baby
Free hugs
Woooooow miss you all the way from over here
tyL
Te
Cuties
all love bro I appreciate it
Always smile
Really happy today
My everything
Ame el
Wow there's a tag as well
Happy Birthday, angel. Rest in power.
tu trabajo es perfecto
Sits on the piano bench with me while I play!
Omg yes so
sexy, smart, beautiful, and the most HOTTEST
Shut the heck up. This is amazing.
Love is actually a beautiful thing
Had a fun time at Grant and engagement party last night
I prayed for a sign and God gave me one, Thank you
What a performance today vs West Ham , good to get the dub & a clean sheet
You know ?
welcome
My prayers for good men to find my friends is truly manifesting & my heart is warm
Thank u he recently got on a pump which costs a shit ton extra then the shots he used to do.
Hmm bye pa
Tc....
Follow everyone who likes this to gain new followers
Love of my life
My Baby boy
You always lit in your own way
sweetest day was a success
Cuteeeeee
My brother got to see his favorite band yesterday and honestly so happy for him
I like you so much and you deserve nothing but happiness
My heart.. Dave
Aww so cute wtf
Yes congrats to us
May 4 TLs si . Thank you
rather have a fascinating man probably
Your self worth and value as a human has absolutely nothing to do with weight/size. You are gorgeous inside and out
We took a picture together! Love you cousin
Happiest Birthday, I love you!
Do not miss this deal breaking opportunity!
i hv exam tmr and the day after. you just made my day
Thanks for stopping by, Raquel!
HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY MAMI Kagawad Olie May God continue to bless u We love u from TopDeck Family
Hopefully when down Miami I run into I love u keep it up aunt Katrina
Uh notice me please...I asked a million questions
winter gear available email or dm me if you want one
What do you think you would be doing right now if you weren't an actress? love you all
They were so cute. I had fun
Chicken wings on another level Caramel and honeycomb
Awh talented, hard working, and everyone knows it woof chuu ma baen!!
Greetings loves from Turkey
Smack smack
Inexplicable. Impresionante. Camilizerlandia
Love this one, so much detail and awesome colors
Image found on
Fe
Quick everyone, the goonies is on channel 5!
Follow this great Patriot
FB &RT IFB every single one of u Patriots
never too late to late to ! in
I added a video to a playlist ROMANTIC KISS TOP romantic kiss scenes, sweet kiss of Japan-part 1
I added a video to a playlist ROMANTIC KISS Japanese romantic kiss scene collection - part 10
I added a video to a playlist ROMANTIC KISS Japanese romantic kiss scene collection - part 3
I added a video to a playlist ROMANTIC KISS Japanese romantic kiss scene collection - part 9
I added a video to a playlist ROMANTIC KISS Japanese romantic kiss scene collection - part 5
I added a video to a playlist ROMANTIC KISS TOP romantic kiss scenes,sweet kiss of Japan-part 3
I added a video to a playlist ROMANTIC KISS Japanese romantic kiss scene collection - part 6
I added a video to a playlist ROMANTIC KISS Japanese romantic kiss scene collection - part 2
I added a video to a playlist ROMANTIC KISS Japanese romantic kiss scene collection - part 7
Good morning to all the women that can actually hold a conversation
My belief at this point is do whatever you need to to keep yourself safe. Vote by mail if you have to
You too
No you are not fat!
Follow me, just seeing this... I stay away from Naija, but your tweets are engaging and gives me hope about our country
Aww. Thank you. I miss you.
Black is beautiful
Morning talks with Pa
Who is the baby daddy?
Barry is not having that whole
Guyssss
One and Only Bible
Me sigam
2-3 years knowin you, ups and downs but we made it through, lucky I met you bro do your thing
Awwwh
Princesinha mais linda gente
get out your feeling domo you got this
congrats on at skate america and thank you for your amazing programs
I agree with Camila's message 100%!
I honestly feel if you wanna talk and be depressing together lmk lol
Joon!!! Why? Be my Namchin hihi
Thankyou
Me sigam
can't wait for it only 10 days left
thanks for coming over, you can snuggle my babies anytime!
Griffins capt ball missh uu happy birthdayy
Thank you so much bre my greatest mutual
Loving this movie so much
Watch it if you haven't, it's pure soul candy.
McDonalds: chacha269 Thanks for stopping by, Raquel!
Next week i make 8 weeks and so excited
Thank you
end the night with u, still start the day with u walang sawa sawa hahahaha
Follow this great Patriot
FB &RT IFB every single one of u Patriots
Mje b sui se bht darr lgta
The episode was awesome You guys nailed it
You're not a doormat. Don't let people wipe their feet on you.
And you have the biggest part in my heart
awwww!!!! Thank you
My gorgeous dog and my even more gorgeous wife Cirencester Park
Thank you, HM.
You're so greatly missed, your Highness.
Sobrang deserve mo to Pam!!! Congrats!!
Me sigam
I the girls too!!
BOOOOM!
Bet 2 lands!
in the bank..
Turn notifications on
Like and Share
Hoy
I had one took two years. Closure is important
Adrt mt
Do you like my James Arthur Love tattoo?
YANG MIRIP EMAS BANGETTT
PASTI HABIS & JADI REBUTAN . .
.
Cincin : 115 ribu
Material: Alloy Copper +
ahluwalia & jha okay, ig (and my phone) is in fire now!! WHAT A COUPLE!!!! Blisssss thanks Allah a
Eu tenho Million Reasons para ouvir Joanne
This speaks true
Thank you so much! Have loved so much such incredible words and hearts
it!
Wonder how long until they tweak the character search....you know it's coming...
Just caught up on and that acting that performed was truly inspirational
Happy Birthday Kels
Je fort mon chat
thank you Lord
Now just 81 runs short from 10,000 runs in ODI Cricket what a champion he is love U
Please, take a picture of Kj and lili
Wow, thanks... Coming to think about it, i think I like more than love... I wish u find n bliv the love part one day...
RtxRt?
Thinkin bout you extra today Philly
Merci beaucouuup
Viste la original con Streisand y Kristofferson ? brutal
4 more days
Thank you bubby
Te amoooooo muitooo meu amor
WOW 1 billions view..love it
This is why I love you so much. Thank you for saying this
Thank you
i am: in love
Best role model on the planet. Lucky to know your dad.
Coisa mais linda, amei
Ta bomm
Thanks for RT
Happy Brithday
Madre e hijos.
Church was good I always feel better after.
not even a question: Taylor Swift obviously
YANG MIRIP EMAS BANGETTT
PASTI HABIS & JADI REBUTAN . .
.
Cincin : 115 ribu
Material: Alloy Copper +
Dear ,
Keep smile okayy?
And I'll keep smile too..
Good night, iloveyou
Thank you for born, baby
HOJE TEM FLAMENGO
NO TE CONOZCO PERO TE JURO QUE ESTOY LLORANDO DE FELICIDAD
Praying for you brother
India
Me sigam
Woof!
Needed my sleep this morning after a busy few days. Checking in on the feed
I was kidding, be happy as long as happy
ihhhh... asdfghjkl
This shirt and this Instagram filter are my favorite!
Habibi not blaming myself, just learning from my mistakes
thank you angel this made my morning
GOOD LUCK CUZ
jonathan_trendel with Zach Mitchell Portrait Artwork is the sixth contest participant!
.
Leave a to vote him!
Last night did not disappoint... thanks girls for an amazing day and night The birthday celebrations begin
KAI
update: I found him
Valentine
This year you're mine cancer_30h!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
In lave with this barbie doll
She looks so happy .
I'm about to go through my fave rock songs, give me a min Chanyeol
Father Ralph de Bricassart aka Richard Chamberlain!
My EXO x Blackpink heart
Me sigam
Amo muito tudo isso
Lmfaooo no other word to describe it. so glad yall were there
Get back in the game with some sexy girls in sports bras
Indonesiaaaa
Loving the cool weather today! I moved to NC from Minnesota just a month ago.. so it feels like home and I
BOOOM hidden glen goes on to win by just holding on !! Sp 5/1
if you backed it
Follow me RT
6/1 1st and
Thanks my guy
My jaw dropped This is my first comeback wait OT9 yass miss you a lot
RT 1_F_I_R_S_T "_
Retweet & Like this
Follow all retweets & likes
Follow back INSTANTLY
Show
My mother
I have literally got the best friends a girl can have
Follow this great Patriot
FB &RT IFB every single one of u Patriots
Thankyou for the follow beby xxxx
Ouvir Katy Perry cozinhando
thanks sis
I tell about my Kititian men .
Michel
my slow dance in the kitchen.
We stand with you One if my new favorite shirts here at Rustic Rhines, thanks to the hubs for being my model
Big shoutout to my real ones see again soon
Snapchat - BlushSnaps
Me sigam
AAAAAAHHHH stop killing us mylabs. pero ok, bless us with ur vocals
He is a royal competitor
Amazing appearence
in Algeria
hosanna has got some gut ..brave or stupid
that cats a star
Thank you to all the cameramen do a
rawr ngarb
jorcade79
Valentine Girls Ball!
AKAJSKSKS YOURE CUTER MY VIVI
Thank you! It's weird but I really named them 1, 3, 5, 6 and 10. Anyway the whole mixtape was bop for me.
morning
You are an absolute babe let your silly brain tell you otherwise
Congratsssss
I day either if those things!!!! Thank You!
What did you feel when you learned that your music would be in a soap opera in Brazil? Brazil loves you
Brimham rocks
sophia.lgz Brimham Rocks
Ordered the vinyl on Amazon
Congrats to my brother
Thank you Susan, for being you, and spreading all the joy you spread!
I added a video to a playlist Would You Die For Me - ( Safari ) - Joker Harley Quinn - Lyrics
Sree's wife should join as wildcard
She is so nice at first impression
Hermoso
Thanks, friend. Let's get together soon for sure. Please take care of yourself today.
No wordss seriously...
Sending you all my best wishes!
DSSW Deep State in National Parks
10K? Army Deep State March 2America
OoooOoooOOOOoohhhhhhhhhhh
PLEASE LOOK AT WHAT WE MADE FOR CLAIRE
happy BIrthdayyy Hanbin !!!! ilysm !!!
EEP Alia in said that she would set with
Yass Yass Yass
ready!!!
love always broc
wait to buy a couple of them! Thanks for the heads up!
laughed a lot today ty, Lord
HEY, WALKERS AROUND THE WORLD! ALAN NEEDS OUR HELP!!!
PLEASE VOTE FOR HIM! HE DESERVE FOR THIS AWARD
Hi James I love you..that is it! I can never think what to ask you. xx
Milwaukee
I'm sorry but why are you taking so long to reply in DMs? Please bare with me ><
Be easy. Give yourself the time to adjust.
EXO Saranghaja
Gah you two are too cute!
Thank you Uncle for my new favorite book!! I love Everett the Brave!!
Best judge ever!! Makes X factor worth watching again
Jolex
WE LOVE ALEX KAREV
boa sorte anjo!!
High five tayo hahaha
+1
Hey Zim. Definitely. After 9am, I'm free the whole day.
Congrats to my brother
Pishukaan..
Balochistan..
Thankyou
SEHUN
Saengil Chukahae since we share a same age, I can be your friend binnie-ah
I will look into that.
I open my first fan account, hope to see more mutuals x
Thank you means a lot
Erh this video lef small like i shed tears SHATTA MOVEMENT IS BECOMING
I love her more than i love weed
Yes, Jesus loves you! For whoever needed it today!
The time of my life
Thank you for the I will try to take care of myself better ; _ ;
Powerful words from
&
Rise khosi rise !
a star Siobhan thanks for yer help
Want a full sized print!? Join my patreon and get one mailed to you
I'LL LET THEM MARRY IN FRONT OF ME
Do good, and good will come to you
happy birthday! omg i just love you so much, the best leader kim hanbin
finally doing this dumb curiouscat thing so ask me anything you like
Episodes 21 & 22 are now available for your reading and viewing pleasure. I hope you enjoy. I love you all.
Fanboy spotted
ommgggg she pawppin' tell her that
Omg faye liked this
This means so much to me
Das my fuckin baby!!!!!!
welcome love
hey mahogany lox! Thank you for being my inspirations & for always putting a smile on my face
So over-whelming, u are so kind its great to be connected to a very nyc person. Thanks a lot for love
Yay even tomorrow is monday and rn is 11.30 pm here
First birthday of this convention today...
You are FAMILY NOW
Good morning! I hope you have a great day (even if you're just doing homework)
Sabi nga through thick and thin... dito lang kami.
BEST NIGHT OF MY LIFE THANK YOU SO MUCH
The last of us
|| There is still plenty of time to make it to church this morning || We can't wait to see you ||
really obsessed with the second season of
Thank you for the firts two episodes
amazing
When God opens a door no man can shut it.
[Revelations 3:8]
Kuwentooooo Miss you
and RT
Daisy making sure I take it easy this Sunday afternoon and do any maths
Already love you too bro
Follow everyone who Likes and Retweets this
I LOVE YOU MORE
We adore you too
Thank youuuu and try next time lol
Always proud of you,
keep your money bb
Made it to church
Thank you
GAIN TIME
RETWEET NOW
FOLLOW me & everyone else who LIKES or RTs this
kim! namjoon! so proud of you! you are an amazing person i love you to the universe and back! please know
Me sigam
thankyouu
I need to work on my courage!
Our Beautiful Customer
Another Progress Picture Using Our Beauty And Weightloss Plan
Your
Courage bb
Always and forever,
my pleasure, keep spreading your positive vibes okay .
First time in history.
I love and miss you more thank youuuu
Absolutely fantastic
I asked God, are you taking me through troubled
He replied, your enemies
We that
NEW VIDEO! It's a vlog. Enjoy.
These sisters are such little heartbreakers
Thank you
So Adorable
04.10.2016
Swipe left
10.21.2018
HAHAHAHAHA eto paaa I love you both gurls! aprlmayjunejuly
All I do is thinking of you
Everytime I see you, I fall in love all over again
Congrats You did great so proud of you
is going to be my everyday motivation, thank you Yixing
Thanks love
105 each
Love you too!!
Thank you bby
A festejar.
amara really speaking to me right now
Me sigam
readyy
Beautiful site to see
"There is nothing truer in this than the of a
.
SHOT ON sonyalpha
40 4
Awwuebito Con Capsup 7u7
Bearded Dragon
Its Monday again!!!!
They say "all good boys go to heaven" But bad boys bring heaven to you
this man makes me so damn happy. Always expect the unexpected
Shame group photo do dark
My kumica (Goddaughter) Ready for gameday
happy birthday beaut! Can't believe this was a year ago today! Hope you've had a great day
happy Sunday to all
Voltas
GOOD JOB LHS CHEER
So grateful for my inner peace, so grateful for the grace having
Cutie Prince Han
Ten amigas para esto
I look up at Mars every night and just stare. My favourite planet, next to Earth
Me sigam
Support Eunsuh please
She needs love and support from Choice
My babies Jun and Jiacheng interviewing yixing
Outstanding artworks by
Comment below what you think about this dazzling artwork and double tap if
IFB with
CLICK
Take care of each other and the baby
And i also i love that pune lonavala stretch both by road and train route
It's been 2 weeks since I watched Pariyerum perumal .. but from then till now moving with the album daily
These littles have my we miss you Justin!
light fest with bae
thannnnk you
Always here for you bby (and yes it will, I promise)
Midnight memories
Friday Afternoon drive to inland
Join us! Qatar Follow
.
Qatar
In loved with 11 guys
Well deserved!!!
Just a reminder to any of my followers, subscribe to my channel!
I would appreciate it if you could.
Kids are never too young to learn the importance of being kind to other
naraid66
qv%0#t1ifn1g
TE AMO MUCHO MUCHO
Yixing has won 1st and 2nd place for "Give Me A Chance" and "NAMANANA" Congratulations baby!
My grandparents, great aunt and uncle called me for a surprise visit this morning. just say that made my day
Smile and
Have a nice
voceeee
loving the chairs !
Valentine
This year you're mine deeaitch9!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
I gotta bitch leave you on delivered
in love with you, but in love with myself more
I cannot picture my future without you in there.
When the external observers finally stop playing games with our country and take the leader of the pfeees
Happy bday littlerachelrayunga The Downtown Tiki Lounge
Trop bon wee a paris
Download by Abdool
Thanks
- follower/mutual
- one of my favorite mutuals/wanna be friends
- i have a crush on you
- i dont like you
CLICK
CC
CLICK
DvsTyAJ
WISH YOU ALL THE BEST
Lol just followed me
Happy birthday!
Beautiful Couple in with their beautiful smile
Dear twitter friends we wish you an inspiring
harmonious Sunday! ~@CF_NaturalSkin
Gratitude to our
Chris is literally the best; also this makes me cry every time
Yo te amo Chau
Feliz a todas!
ifb
Lullaby. Good night
beaut gals
Anyways, ITS SUNDAY FUNDAY!! have a blessed Sunday
Happy birthday
Me sigam
Cutie
all i wanna be able to say is that you're mine!
Sending and on this beautiful morning!
Do what you need to do brother Nicknation is here for you
R.I.P Lewis
Look at my photogenic children I love them so much
(wish they would stay innocent like this forever)
Sounds like a wonderful idea, would be honoured to be involved
Had the most gorgeous day with this lot it was so gorgeous to meet little Joshy too
.
.
.
.
.
goodnight to sehun only
Trop bon wee Paris
One of my favorite parts from the livestream! Scotty was hilarious and laugh is music to my ears!
New Moon
6 days and 4 hours
just so proud to call this woman my idol she is so inspiring, she is always here for supporting her
This day was an entire blessing
So grateful for my inner peace, so grateful for the grace having
Proud of you
There goes my baby
Same thing my dad did.. followed me around from one faculty to the other for uni registration.
my birthday
Follow Profile
Good morning, Peach! Have a great day!
Lo amo
HAPPY BIRTHDAYTO OUR WONDERFUL LEADER HANBIN
OMG that's beautiful O to be there right now!
The beginning of a Great story... On attend la suite...
happy birthday to you hanbinyou re a good leader thanks for making a good song hahaha love you
Awww looking back a snaps from last night. Just me and my beauty girl making memories Great night
What a view!
my cat fell asleep listening to all in you
Congratssssss iloveyouuuu
I know she was so playful
Meu casal
Follow her
Because it gets no
Gracias mi amorrr
It may not happen for you when you want it to but just know when the time is right it will .
u nailed the show
Its EyeFest to watch with namma ABC
Yayy treat?
Thank you so much!
You go Glen Coco! Take your time and come back strong!! We are here for you You are loved
I did this a few years back. All the tunes off the Ultimate Breaks & Beats series...
Bobo
Hehe
row
Donde
Download by Abdool
Thanks
Back to myself
show us please when done omg, if you want to
Me sigam
Gooodmorning World
Good Job with the First LHS Cheer
ayieee inom soon... char HAHA love you!!!
Thank you for your hard work
Good morning
her smile
loyal af
Blankets are nice
Thank you for requesting this song amazing as always
The Goonies is a classic
Work at Home Legal Transcription with Cambridge Transcriptions
I was so ugly thank you!!!!
YANG MIRIP EMAS BANGETTT
PASTI HABIS & JADI REBUTAN . .
.
Cincin : 105 ribu
Material: Alloy Copper +
Love you more
My baby keeping me warm
Proud of you always.
Yep easier to hide behind a smile or make up in my case
Done pls rt back
We are Proud of You too. But now sign a new Contract as soon as Possible.
What i know for sure - by oprah winfrey
Big Little Lies
Thank you This is awesome
Makes my warm when you see the guys going the extra mile. And they do this DAILY!!
I autumn
Oh Alberta. How I love you.
Cute with a capital C
Thank you beautiful
Right near home, yesterday along the union canal under overcast skies and today in sunshine ...
Oh.. Really thank u! sooo sweet,, YOU KNOW..?
You made me smile when I deeply needed it! Thank you so much Nour
Love you
Awn what a cutie thanks too honey
Good night
I finally hit the wall. Tried to watch this morning. her so much. Just listen to one more sound
Love u mom
Nah you're not, homie.
Today is a gift from God...bless others, glorify God, enjoy every moment
pls me ashtonnn
Yaaaasss sleepoveeer HAHAHAHA imy both
They just untrustworthy n must thus be cheated on with their best friend
I love you too
All you need is (self) love! via
HAHAHAHAHA I LOVE YOUR CRAZY ASS
Beautiful President Donald Trump 2022 Beautiful President Donald Trump Still Our President
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY MAN!!! kimhanbin
We love you. Can't wait for I'm most excited about 03.
(phone wallpaper 1080x1920)
Yesss nothing wrong with that!
Me sigam
To church, para sa Practice ng youth for singspiration sobrang thank you, Lord. ang daming youth! Pwede na talaga ako magretire haha
doktor
When your wonderful partner plans a surprise birthday party with your nearest and dearest
Hmm, and Kim Hanbin are both trending in our country, huh iKON is really doing well, I can see~
Yaaayyy my Fav Couple
The right time would come and I know would follow me. Or anyone of 'em.
Nea Salamis Ammochostos A.C.
Snapchat - BlushSnaps
Well hi youre quite cute yourself
Thank you &
I'm looking forward to hearing your music in Japan
Really Really Really
Special Halloween Edition by Notre Fleur is out now Trick or Treat?
A small club, big atmosphere, much love
Good Morning, Babe! You also.
.
Love your hair that longbc your curls are back
There is so much Love inside my heart..melts
What a performance today vs West Ham , good to get the dub & a clean sheet
How cool!! Trisha is the best! I wait for her to start touring!! Love this lady!!
He is one of my favourite actors!
Awww
time will fly by baby i love you so much, see you soon
Much love Nick hope you and your family are doing good
Is this the Life we really want "
so blessed to have a mom and bestfriend all in one
Thank you so much
Mornin bb have a great day
Parceria
these peeps!!!
You're my idol and I loved the movie was incredible
LOOVE you Sweetheart
the best out there!!
Harworking and dedicated leader
Thank you, Love you right back
Sabrina Wilkerson
18 mins
From running the streets to curled up next to me. I love him!
Devon
HI ATEEEE!!
i guess sometimes all u need is a mini reunion with a good talk with childhood friends
One Day I Finally Read Them All & Was Like Awl This Boy Really Lovessss Me
Thanks baby
HAPPY BIRTH DAY
I think I had that same shirt when I was younger
I feel this. It gets better I promise
I'll follow you back.
MY BABY IS THE BEST
MY QUEEEEEEEN I YOU SEE YOU AGAIN IN DECEMBER
Me sigam
Had a fun time with the little people in church such sweethearts
Edit for
Holy merde I just saw the Alicia Keys serenade, too. I love this couple! Just wonderful.
Drama/ Romance
I'm so lucky
I love you sooo much Nichole
Hey Usman, just want to say, i am very happy for you and wish you and Rachel all the best.
Steph gone come through
ROMEOOOOO LOVED EVERY BIT OF IT ! MANN, YOU NAILED IT Inshallah RWH will be a super-duper hit ! GO, GET !
OK one more. This is a tune I wish Van Halen would tackle live one day.
Mentre penso a TP
happy bday chloe! i hope you have a great day! love ya long time!
Familia Barrera Trejo
Ben sende tutuklu
Um bonde de respeito
Business is not yet to come
YAS PLEASEEEEE?
We are so GLAD to be playing at once again! It's our favourite Thanks to for having
iKON is now on the 4th spot for AAA! Way to go iKONICS continue voting. give this gift to Hanbin
Ella Mai ft John Legend trop
Que bonitos se ven
NDGE
Warms my heart. Yes yes yes, Iyah! Such an exceptional actress.
You're so cute baby
Recevoir la meilleure chose
Sending you lots of love
Excited
wallpaper aesthetic 2/3:
Jungkook live
rt se usar
fav se gostar
se usar, tire print e nos marque
I love you
Let and all the other beautiful be accepted by
Hand in hand
Walking through the darkness
Together we find the light
Happy birthday my one and only, i love you.
Thanks & for supporting "Be Alright" in episode 194 of
Loved every bit of this episode!
Is this the Life we really want "
Me sigam
Favourite Maliks!
Hi little Ready for a hint
India really needed this
OBRIGADA
Girl what
Ikrrr !
But her outfit ? Being honest I like it but i am lovingthe way she is carrying it out
Wearing black to match my soul
Fuck yeah........Tequila is the shit
My favorite memory was when you were dancing around the city and having fun! Also I love the lyrics
First one & last one
Forever
I care, my dms are always open if you need to talk
ifb!
and I'll follow you back forever I hope you do the same, don't follow me now if you are going
Lunch at Jack in the Box - Spicy Sriracha Burger and Blue Cheese & Bacon Ribeye Burger! We these
"Yavrum, bitanem..."
A grey one of these cardigans and back to curly hair London, United Kingdom
Giiiirls the day you'll release is my bday and IM SO SOOOOO HAPPY I LOVE U A LOT
happy birthdayy kingbin thank you for making me realize that age cannot define how big the difference we
" zemmour for ever "
Thanks bud
Idk when I met you for the first time but ever since the portal 2 stream you've been one
6) Groups I stan? As of now, in number of priority:
1) BTS
2) Seventeen
3) Golden Child
4) Dreamcatcher
5) Got7
Awwww!!!
THE KINGS IS COMING
I LOVE YOU
Wow ! DANKE ! Dito
so proud to be the redz my 22 did thatttt
Good day, sunshine !! Happy
I love you way more gorgeous
Kris smiled.
She did an amazing job
i met some of my best friends here
These both are so cute
They're missing each other so much... Babies
I added a video to a playlist ROMANTIC KISS Collection of romantic kiss scenes of Korean stars
Back at Paradise Spa & Tanning tonight 4-9! unwind together before your week starts Txt me 613.209.8194
I added a video to a playlist ROMANTIC KISS Korean romantic kiss scene collection-part 1
I added a video to a playlist ROMANTIC KISS Korean romantic kiss scene collection-part 4
Why you so fine
Finna eat good asf my mom stay going crazy ina kitchen
Me sigam
This though
I love her ... Doesn't matter anything over it
So beautiful
My show ! My hero
So glad my moms back out there! Got that smile backHopfully its a real man this time
WE LOVE U TO ...
A fave of course. Love, love the melody & the lyrics. My interpretation of a love story at it's end ..
Lovely.
Philadelphia, USA
I'm so proud of you bro, you got this!
joyeux anniversaire Kim
Thank you for listening.
Goodnyt
May Allah ease everything tomorrow. Goodluck mock meeting girls
Yess follow you! My ig is juliettebelis
I'm speechless! Literally! Name things she can't do. Fucking love her! This is too much for my heart.
Love you too ate michelle we'll keep supporting you po
Poor poor darling. bridge, a better happier existence. Run free beautiful boy
Awwwwwww your trip looks like it is going just straight magical!!!
Happy birthday
Me sigam
Loved this team
I have to come with you next year bro never been lol
Play time with my stank
Tell me again, one more time how be lovers and friends
Maybe a sign?
Babe
En
Happy birthday B.
We love you, so much
My Everything
Thank you so much bro, i love you too
What a weather after raining at inland
Join us! Qatar Follow
.
who fight this bear?.
Bem rosinha
Okay, baby. Hmu if at any point you wanna talk though. Love you.
Aww Daryl
Romeo
precious
Love this
Valentine
This year you're mine 299GH!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
A year ago... Now he jumps and runs like nothing ever happened
A giant that once graced the planet earth
I absolutely hope that your journey towards happiness goes well. I know it's not easy, but you definitely deserve happiness.
Today my sister and I march 5 miles to support beautiful women around the world with breast cancer but not
I love you so much my little sushi !!!
Lord, if u wanted to take me. Take me. I was born ready
Yes! That's a good one! I love cooking But Dutch food is so boring
The greatest prime minister ever in the history of politics
Sunday get any better! Battleships, The Goonies and a glass of red while dinner gets made for me!!
saengil chukhae baby saranghae oppa
What a Performance from you deserve this title so much
My icon is so beautiful
Happy birthday to my babe
Jesus and I have grown so much
I'm so happy my mom was so surprised!!
The Love my fav is getting and he's only 21 ...
Me sigam
for badgers and the people helping to protect them.
Bitte
NAMJOON
FRANCE
THANK YOU FOR THIS PRECIOUS MOMENT!!!! LOVE YOU!!!!
That happens in LA every night I LA
Tudo bem , linda ?
to jest urocze
WELL DESERVED KWEEN!!! SAYANG DI NA KITA NAABUTAN SA USTE ATE PAM PERO WE LOVE YOU
Me too
Happy birthday Hallie!! Hope you have the best day ever! Love ya see ya soon!!
Aishaa you are most fav of all you are such a blessing the best person . You are super cute and
oh, i forgot. Its not too late so, thank u papa God for 21 yrs of existence u r really da best
Me sigam
Thank you, Rick for supporting & being a member of We you!! Please FOLLOW &
I love you Always US never them!
MRB, BEN KADINLARI PARA OLMADAN
I love you so much
legend call me just so we can sing nursery rhymes
Thanks boo
Hi crush!
Talking with Kois about life. Thank you, Lord. Hoping that we will achieve our dreams together.
Happy birthday Andrew Scott! I loved you in Sherlock & and in James Bond's !
so proud to have such a loving and supportive boyfriend
Positive mind. Stay positive, negativity consumes your heart. keep your head up
:Hardeep please retweet to raise the profile of all diabetes specialist nurse!! Thank you
really...you
The only person who can help me in all my times and make me better
Malibu nights gave me chills
May I post this in my Facebook group pls ?
In this group
?
That's
This
it beats
Beats for
only you
My heart
is yours
On te love fort
Happy birthday we love u dr.far_shamsi rizasiccion
Sorry Lord! I love you
Monna, cava the niggas toes. Mans is having a ball
heart attack
Happy birthday beautiful
Nice
Aww yay welcome to the fandom baby L i wish you many happy years with
thank you
Thank you will doooo! Na memela yo mwa republic Dominican awa
This Is Fan Page . I will be posting pictures of him & the family well the so cool family
My beautiful sis
Thank you, G.
181021 Taeyeon with Yeri / <'s...> Concert in Seoul Day 2 by redvelvet.smtown IG
don't worry about this love, we know the real liam love u so much, very proud
Just gave the docs more :
Drawback of other libs
YA ALLAH MAIL OPPA
"She is full of life and crazy and he is the anchor in her life. He is the one who is her mirror. He really
Absolutely! Lindsey is one fine man I am proud to have on said!! Go Lindsey!!
BATOOL DONT ACT LIKE I DIDNT SEE YOU SLIPPING IT IN REAL WUICK >:( KSHSTS jk lov u much lov much uwu
Getwell!!
Fuck yeah........Tequila is the shit@DanAndShay
Yayyy such a great artist and love your fans so greatly. It makes my soul happy
Love You
Happy Birthday, hope be an amazing one.
Much love.
What a weather after raining at inland
Join us! Qatar Follow
.
Eu amo esse homem
I love you man
Looking great
Hoped you enjoyed the show
A genius born in 1996
everyone doing on this lovely Sunday evening?
To our BEAUTIFUL best leader, Kim Hanbin, Happy happy B-DAY! Thank you for the songs that became our ANTHEM.
and liquid lipsticks
When you just happen to have an afternoon off on the most beautiful day in months
God thank
happy belated birthday!! sorry late i hope it was amazing i you
I do friend
This song and movie
So handsome
Omg wonderful pictures Everyone should love these. .
Oh my, I bloody love Mike.
U look like Ariana Grande when she had red hair lol but still cute like always!
bestayyyyy lol
MADELINE in Marylebone | Call Butterfly Touch for London escorts 07413
Reported.
Very cool!
Aww bless him
Thank you babe
A big reason I moved back to Esk last year was so I could spend time with my Kiju & so happy I did
Indeed, they really are!! He is absolutely gorgeous
in the heart of the left and I can say all about Trader Joes
Chat with beauty Girl in Your Area.
Join now 100% Free:
This is the CUTEST thing
Anyone want to pretend to be in Iceland this Christmas?
Irmaos
Fala tu Delacruz muito loko
The enemy will break your mind up, then your heart. give your soul away!
Ithu Dhan Namma Sarkar
Get Ready Folks Happy Diwali
You deserve much more but anyway congratulations and on
TE AMOOOOOOOOO JADE
I love all my friends
I swear really a cute pregnant girl lol
Yanga looks like Unathi, sings like Zahara, and she sings so beautiful
Dreams money can buy.
Please do love
que fofura
welcome
Indeed being alone sometimes is seriously good..
Though it's a sweet picture Noody c:
You sexy bitch damn
Family time
Happy Birthday
went to church this morning for the first time and a very very long time, and I feel great... very much needed
Tisoy
SDV
Mexico
Rob Zombie's Halloween has Malcolm McDowell
The love Maya has for these two I love this girl so much!
My heart
Dharma is in safe hands.
From Sabarimala.
I give a love you read about in Fairy Tale books... But first you have to get rid of your History Books
ahh obg baby
They are
I love my only vm from Dean
Such a young girl with such a powerful voice
Her Turn??? Her turn to finish destroying America????
No thanks, I
With a firm grip!!
Spent 8 hours in line to meet it well worth it!! The man he was super nice
me too I wish we had info on her, at least in fly boy but thank you for blessing us with your hcs and drawings
If i have to choose thousand people better than you,i still choosing you because you are more than perfect for me
Shxjskz aaaahh thank youuu omg
whew Chile throw it back
Nakakakilig na we made someone this happy
Thank you for performing for ECPAT!
Solid ng batchmates ko
Love his neck
Aww
Bon anniversaire grand Bg
Great job Ladies. I am very proud of you
Welcome to the community Latifa.
Can't Arti be her permanent make up Artist?
Ayushneeti
HBD PARINEETI CHOPRA
Love it!!! So beautiful!!! What a great way to celebrate the 2nd anniversary of
Good morning, lovelies!!!! so happy I got to sleep in a little bit today.
Burn the rubber.
My hype on cerberus
I'd never dreamed that I'd meet somebody like you, and I'd never dreamed that I'd lose somebody like you.
S M I L E M O R E
There is no greater wealth than peace of mind
This has me crying tears of happiness. Such a gorgeous message
Happy birthday uri main vocal keep on singing baby
Thank you babe
Day out at Bedford park with my girls
Told you I love you and I mean that
I have and continue to! Thank you!
No (Ricardo) will always love you...
In fact I will be your bodyguard...
You beautiful...
happy for you!
I hope you're having fun in the con
I love you so much
Anita Baker x Body and soul
thanks dawg
Back in Dallas on Tuesday
YAS PORTUGAL
Oh que oui ...
Well.. If You want me, Im here.~
Loved my coffee and goss with the girls this afternoon
I LOVE the blue one in the center.
from our homes to yours .... across the miles and across the fields
BIG shout-out ALL my supporters supporting from the bushes
thank you eden i miss you so much
| Shawn via instagram!
October 21, 2018
YANG MIRIP EMAS BANGETTT
PASTI HABIS & JADI REBUTAN . .
.
Gelang ; 130 ribu
Material: Alloy Copper +
Exactly!
When anushka see on Twitter:-
The two loves of my life having a quiet moment colouring (while Celine Dion plays in the background ) what
Credit to
What a weather after raining at inland
Join us! Qatar Follow
.
Happy bday adek!
noona saranghaee~
Horror television is on POINT these days! Keep em coming
That ear to ear smile that gets after winning a game makes my heart feel so fucking full
Happy Birthday Lion Heart. Even though I'm a shit defender, I fell in love with defending because of you big man
Grattis hafteeey
D-10 licensed Available on October 31st!
Love and Happiness
What a beautiful soul
i I have just awoken and it's a real nigga birthday happy birthday
TINI DE RADIO DISNEY LA PRINCESA amor
Absolutely he is ! Hope you get to meet him
Congratulations! So happy for both of yoy!
I think exo is great
Meu amor ela
New vinyl day!
I'm so glad i coould help. ILY! Thank you so much
Games dylan :
1926 + 50 = 1976
Sunday Funday
Safe and sound for
We should've met yesterday but that's okay :')
Stay strong
We showed our love to Arjun and now its Pari's turn Arjun fan Pari fan lines all blurred
HBD PARINEETI CHOPRA
Happy Birthday bro
The baby falling asleep in the cupboard. My
missing you
Happy wedding anniversary dear Lala and bhabi
Hamesha khush rahein muskuraty rahein
You're very welcome
congratulations anisha on your sister getting married! we are so excited about the wedding!
The best leader for ikon
You're so precious
Sobre o chp
says it better than me.
Hey dear heart
I am!! It worked out to double up visiting family for my bday Will I see yoooou?
Done
Simply the greatest show on earth
in for a treat
I even know what I did to deserve this the kindest I love him
Same AC same it's what chanyeol deserve
My happy place
of course
happy for your happiness
This is pretty cool. Go, go!
Amazing sight it just a small sight in my homeland and this amazing photo by my brother
Aw yeah he still love the boys
Sunday evenings on
My kids happiness and mental health will always and forever be more important than my own.
very beautiful and I love your selfies xx
Oh my look at that, some of your pals (and maybe you too?) are wearing Halloween costumes!
You're not stupid. You're amazing person
My heart
love you! take it easy today pa, he right there with ya
first game as a married couple
thank you. I love you
...i learned hangul for these niggas. i love those little shits
If I can do it you can do it too
This is so cute !
Thanks
Christmas & Halloween themed bows!
you can afford to lose someone but never for yourself
Meet Local Girls, Singles &
Looking For Select and
aww anisha sent ranveer and deepika kisses and hearts
We have problems or anything just the small things said made s big difference
Amala , forza Inter
So adorable.
goodnight! keep the smile on ur face
Wishing you a happiest birthday Leader-nim The man of your words Be happy always
Ui.. Rough and tough
YANG MIRIP EMAS BANGETTT
PASTI HABIS & JADI REBUTAN . .
.
Gelang ; 130 ribu
Material: Alloy Copper +
Namba Panguku kjm
Drop a '' ''if you love me.
Drop a '''' if you like me.
Drop a '''' if you have crush
I am happy To hear she is doing better
Merci Namjoon for everything
Let's go back to the start
Donna vs Alex
-
Love them both so much
-
DIOS, KIM SEOKJIN
WORLDWIDE HANDSOME
Yoh Yanga. 2018 Idols winner. She sings effortlessly. No screaming. Luv her
Love u Asos but pls get your orders right and lose them in the post
Breath control Yanga
I love you
Hi guys online
Cuteee.
fans are so talented!
i me
Southern Sunday breakfast. Been going to since the with my family J.R.'s Loghouse
be so stupid. go for halloumi fries date to cheer ourselves up after a poop few months x
Yoongi y Jimin
Preciate that lil brudda
Yes! opening for ! I see you bryanchambers1 great set The O2
Thank you so much thank you so so much
Baran Muhammed 2
Hand poking tattoo by
WE ARE HONESTLY SO PROUD OF YOU. Thank you for standing up for the right things all the time. We Stan a true legend. Love you.
Cranberry juice
(Vocabulario SK)
Nah man! I have amazing people in my life,I mean look at how this one was doing that awkward dance just because he wanted me to smile
Thank you bbg!
Had a dream I was in high school and Shuri was my best friend. Like damn I wish that had been the case.
Elle est super tout comme toi frero Follllowwww moi mon poto
I got a baby brother today! this is Kenny.
Superheroes Gala! Fighting for children with autism founder Claws show runner
Home
According to Deepika, Fawad has the most dreamy eyes and I couldn't agree more.
Stingy
Give back to those that give to you love you girl
Warrior
Thank youu
Send me pictures of your pet
i need more boards like these. Make singleton a permanent format pleeease
& why i appreciate you love you
Newww Bitchhhh Meee Pleaseeee
Ya somos 2100 en el blog GRACIAS a todxs por estar y leerme
UM KIDS MESMO HAHAHA
Back up system on point
Our talented leader Hanbin!
life is OT9 is life
Beautiful Smile of Gorgeous
Only smile suits on her
Keep smiling Mahira
Come back soon
Look how happy they are and how tight they hug.
Happy !
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BELOVED i wish u all the best by! Please, be happy!
I realllllly need to make more vlogs pls & thank you!
Thanks papi
Ahh i love you!!!! We need some updated pics
I am loving it.
Can't wait for November!!
Dear November, Come Soon!! Please.
Lym khasm
sir under arrest for stealing my heart
NOT POSSIBLE
Thank you
hehe thank youuuu!
Le pauvre !!!
Abue
Thanks babe love you too
Taehyung
Idk why I am crying but this is the cutest video I have ever seen
I woke up in a really good mood today. crazy to think one person could make you view life in a whole different perspective
Texas homes are so beautiful
Glad there was such a good turn out for such a outstanding cause .
Courtney you look absolutely beautiful .
Damn ex bae I swear all my exes start to look better when I leave them
Hahaha, this is love.
the amazing person here !
mine
grown so much, we are very proud of you
Welcome to Disneyland Resort Area
* *
Wahhh the teaser is sooo goood... and can finally see yixing with the members my Ot9 feelsss
You are worthy.
Dear, you are a home.
(c) ......
Never forget who you really are.
Self-love comes first
Mama was my greatest teacher, a teacher of compassion, love and fearlessness. ILoveyouMa
LO AMO DEMASIADO ES TAN HERMOSO QUE ME DAN MUCHOS ATAQUES AL
Respect Big Brother Luv uh d most
Go Ted Cruz
One Nation PROUD ALDUBNATION
My Love
I loved you once my sweet prince. And I still do. And will keep loving you till my last breath.
embraced my Facebook memories... My college days were impeccable
Just take the PI, only 15 yards
Laura, you have no reason to doubt your appearance this guy
jaaaaaayce ily I do I miss you I hope we get to see each other again soon so I can squeeze you
This is moving
Its the perfect song for you
You know how impressive your curiosity was to me..
Thank you
happy 50th momma!
I love Sundays laying in bed with food & football
Your most welcome
Happy for you brother! Need a catch up soon!!
POGO TRUMPLAR
by:_POGO
02/10/2016
2,225.949 Views
49,000 likes
Now this is my family
Loving the closing session at on supervised consumption services and I love this
thank you so much
What an amazing story, upset Ohio State lost yes, but I am so glad he got to experience that
Well they got that right
You look so cute
Very nice~
THANK YOU
Happy Birthday To Myself.
I really like chimmy
Proud of you
Hehe
Oh~ God. A guy who can slay all movie roles
A guy like Kento Yamazaki please
if you are not yet ready to let go. then I will let you go
Treating myself this Christmas
Who want First RT? = Like
chararat
agar icc events ya asia cups jeetna hai tho
Aprendi com tu irmao kkkk
Loving my highlighter If only I had a wig...then rule the world
Friends Captions
Love!
hopefully, when i wake up later this day, all my friends will be cpas. every single one of them.
As always, Mr Butler delivers strong and passionately.
Esse triozinho
You ok??
always here
Thank you babe
Me too
What an epic weekend
happy bday Ky!!!!! miss all our soccer and football friday mems I hope your day is the best
So much love in my heart for this man. Rest easy, papaw Don
is just everything
Hi you happy there right? those gifts ;)
i'm happy too
I love thing about you l wish to Marry you you are you cutie and Gorgeous And I love you hair and
Detoxing today
stunning scenery
How I love She is amazing
feelings
hola hermoso
get well soon
Hope you are all watching our Rockstar on
Wonderful news hunny! I love this
Totes
Feliz prince hermosa
Olha no insta
That's barely when the party is getting started, my end
My boys
I wait to be in an adult ass relationship
528 to open soon sa SM, what a good news
I love Danneel Ackles !
You SHARE THE SAME BIRTHDATE WITH QUAILLLL OMG I JUST REALIZED THAT Happy birthday chinguuu
Thanks brothern wish things worked out man
Omg ily thank you and I agree hmmm you should.....
WE DID!
WE ALL DID I'M STILL SHAKING WITH SO MUCH EXCITEMENT I'LL NOT GET OVER THIS
MY FIRST EVER EXO GRAND
LMAO thanks butthead
my heart
Valentine
This year you're mine noctambulanta!
And you, whom will be yours?
i'm so proud of you
You can't outrun your fork.
Awesome Message!
hey there, babes! please help out if you can so i can help fund a birthday surprise for my little sister
Been so busy with vanilla life but now organizing and doing much better thanks to my supporters
...because life is good Katsuya Brickell
happy birthday
hey there! Thanks so much for the follow! Hope you're having a great Sunday, and remember: YOU are important.
So obsessed with skincare atm, I need this. Will it be okay for you to send? Thank you, Nina. ma.angelicaoidem@gmail.com
Take as long as u need man
marche
Just so much love ... surreal ...
Happy birthday to my hanbinnn! ilysb
I adore everything about this. I love them.
Madinah- prophet Mohammed
Mi GRAN amor
waaaa!
let's participate
Valentine
This year you're mine meshx831!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
I CAN'T BELIEVE
This.
when students get into their learning. They created video surveillance evidence for
mutualies thankyou for making me smile tonight tbh these past few weeks have been hard for me and i wasnt feel
I LOVE YOU
Loved your article in this weeks
His face was priceless, he expecting any of it at alllllll
Happy to get my oldest home from college this weekend
what are we like, the James Arthur effect. Always leaves us speechless xxx
happy happy birthday to our precious leader hanbinie! i hope celebrating it well with his members!!
Polaris is even more beautiful with raw live singing and rapping
Happy birthday queen I hope you always change to the better i love you more than anything or
infinityBlaq
LOTS OF SPENS. I have shown that video to so many other people and they never think funny
Miss you
like the Tin Man, you found a heart
Ja ativou as bb ?
Here is my doodle for and for their amazing song that i get out of my head.
Nos ALEGRA SABER QUE ESTAS BIEN
Bali
seen my favorite hoochie so proud of you
is
Wow non of you have changed Simone is still has gorgeous as she was back then
I was able to make a working paper plane for the first time.
Joseph Walley
She's an actual angel
Literally hate social media it messes with your head babes JA actually replied omg !! I'm shaking
I haven't laughed so hard in a long time. Hillarious. Thank you.
Haan she is perfect for this show
Friends who are family!
Sunday show big thank you to everyone who came to support on your day off
Once again, happy birthday !
This is my mum and she did it for my best friend too
I love you too & go you
Sarap ng tiyan ni daddy
Done ur too tq gl
Omg thanks for replying!
Trick or sweet bear has arrived from !
Aw! Bc we talk everyday
Valentine
This year you're mine nonevb!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Zor shaza, what lipstick are you using
Nop
THANK U
This guy is captivating
This loves
Same here & i love you too
Three sisters having fun at the pumpkin patch Willows face when she got to sit and touch the pumpkin was priceless
The Monsta X album preview
RT if Love Elephants
Man, the theme of this village has me feeling like I stepped out of Tales and walked into Wild Arms 1, lol
After watching the short film of tempo! Watch music video
Good luck aveeey
Thank you
NO YOU You are one of the most beautiful girls I know. Inside and out.
eu to muito triste aaaah
Keeping my private and fan account separated
QUE ALIVIOO, ESTABA TAN PREOCUPA
nothing like a bitch understanding
jacintoayap@gmail.com thank you so much!!!
Oh DK's ring
YAAAASS sleepoveeerr HAHAHA imy both huhu
da
I really wanna say thank you to who dealt with my emo messages the last couple of days. the best
Nelly ft. Jaheim - My place
Cute boy
I got one for Xmas. Was expensive at the time - I absolutely loved it
HAPPY BIRTHDAY.. MY BOY!!
It was such a fun episode. Way to go
Loved every bit of you
beautiful just the way you are
your insta? join
Love is ..........
Lady Gaga, Bradley Cooper - Shallow (A Star Is Born) via
So cute I wish you happy
When she wears your shirt
Same
Beautiful! And what perfect stockings
Yesterday was amazing to everybody who actually came and supported Thank you Welcoming my Princess
having a great break okay babe! rest well please and dont forget to eat and stay healthy! BORAHAE!
Hello, Gill! And thank you Having a lovely day here with family xx
Undoubtedly. Kareena Kapoor Khan is the Queen of setting benchmarks
Looks rough!! Enjoy!!
so ready for thanksgiving, that food finna be love
my babies birthday today bro & sis
Thank you friend !!
Thanks lovely!
After such a taxing weekend, Dexterity made it through to finals, and is one step away from getting funding...
Terrible news. Praying for you
daming blessing thank you so much Lord
Thank you masternim. Ily.
Happy 1 year Anniversary to the best husband and dad a wife could ask for I love you so much
I'm gonna put some coconut oil in my hair while y'all do this
really thankful for my family
Desde mi sala xdxd
Batchoy + bangus ala pobre
Rosie posted seven pictures in total in this time of the night~~~ I'm gonna have an good night sleep
20/10/18 Yoongi
I miss
what an angel
Never take advantage of life's second chances.
All the men in my life may have left me but anime was always by my side
Congratulations on getting no.1 place at Yo! Bang today i'm so proud of you
Thank you for all
Fairy tail 280 vostfr
Grey fullbuster
Well played Elmo been solid since joining keep it up
All the time! I think such a compliment!
Blessed with great friendships
MY LITTLE PRINCE
10/20/18
Yeah we did it!!! Supportive fam always. Thank you! I love y'all
1 down, 4 to go. Cebu
love u both
Fight like a princess
Happy Birthday to one of the most precious people in my life You will always and only deserve the best
Miss Monroe knows all the words!
Your happiness is our happinees thank you for writing beautiful songs and for being the best leader in the
"Selfies w/ Sarahhh - Sarah on Victoria Justice's Instagram Stories (October 20th) |
Happy Sunday!!!! Hope your sickness is gone for a happy Monday
Arguably THE best ham hock ever - the pickle was tangy and tasty
I love your voice, sweet
Bah, hardly! Too kind. wait for the world to see it! (And me too!)
Good to hear you're doing better
As a lover of music, this brought tears to my eyes.
A perfect example of: perseverance, dedication, & strength.
6 years
Just looking at you makes my day, being with you has made my life. // Ankita + Shubham // VS Studio. All
I'm going to have a rehearsal~
roses_are_rosie
181022
Go to and follow for more
Lpm los amo mucho
Beauty
Only when you hook me up with songs that relate
Loving this collection from modelled on location in
What a beauty!
Sooo cute congratulations
Happy Birthday Carrie! We all miss you very much.
NFS: PB BMW M3
I still my Buckeyes, but so excited Purdue won for Tyler!
I know you do luv and likewise about time for update interview soon a lot has happened but
Big fans here, been watching for 15+ years
So proud of all of 5h abd where they are at atm. Yall are queens. Cam, Ally, Mani , DJ and LoLo have my entire
Buying my ticket now friend
i will!! thankyou
InshaAllah everything will work out for you. Praying for you Insha'Allah ameen
Focus on your dreams not ur enemies..cos Success is the best revenge... stay blessed
hiii, we used to be art buddies before sng elem pako but life happens anddd I admire your style in almost everything hehe
Ya, my mouth needs work ! But I love women, thanks man, Peace and Love
omg thank u
So proud of you guys, you all earned your superior rating :)
Since releasing never before seen pics on birthdays are mandatory,,
Happy birthday ham, I miss you
Honestly
NYC in the fall. Nothing like it. Thanks for visiting
These two deserves it All
Vote for
Great shot!
thank you so much
Awh you are the best, please do. I love you
"Taco lettuce wraps"! it!
The Wonder of YOU.
So much respect for ma wee brother and ma gran
Love you Poland - 2nd generation American Pole
Yanga, both rounds so effortlessly done
Smoothest
Not even you believe that sweety
Mine . All mine
aaaAAAAHHHhhh blessings thank you so much Lord
Feliz Prince hermosa
the glow-up with I love my homecoming queen
I'm glad you're ok!! please take it easy and let your body recover as needed
Linda princesa
I hope she knows i much i like her and do anything to hurt her
Thankyou for your tireless work on behalf of the women of Ireland
thanks G!!
Thankyou so much lovely xx
Thank you Princess for your wise words
Hi PH iKonics!
Let's make this possible
P!ATD : This is Gospel
ever get over how this is so good
Bangladesh
I've made it to the closing ceremony- so maybe I could catch you afterwards for one last hug?
The other night and a
Valentine
This year you're mine Hsoolicious!
And you, whom will be yours?
Buddhist Temple Service this morning great first experience
and RT
Thank you
Me Too
Essa mulher! Superbowl is over party
I appreciate it we need to catch up soon!
Me too
one of the best
Best
I know what u feel
Thank you.
Thanks
HBD PARINEETI CHOPRA
Thando!!! I just her
Happy 18th birthday! Hope your bday was as amazing as you are
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABY BIN ily
Awwww Hanse
You them; you chose them, and they decided they wanted to stay with you.
3OLT now streaming NBA 2K19, go show them some love
Proud and happy
i took too much of your love i overdose
I
I know the future jersey number I will take!
LOVE IT
Omg fr I just made 38 today but Thanks Boo
I have the best mother in law in the world
KIM NAMJOON.
DENME UN TANQUE DE ESTE CHICO ME HA QUITADO LA CON LO BIEN QUE SE VEEEE.
TE AMOOOOOOOOOO
The much awaited wedding !!!!!
Congratulations
Natalia puxando Man Down
thank you!
Body goals tbh
One of the few people that can make me smile this big this guy
Russell Charles Means my Hero forever its going to be 6 years grandpa since you went on to the spirit world.
SK)
So cute! That used to happen all the time with my furbaby
Thanks Dad
Love you, thank you for supporting us.
Hello Poland we have you in our ass thank you goodnight
Happy Birthday to Kim Hanbin .
Bias ku yang ke- sekian
Awesome! Seasons come n go true friends are rare
I want a fire ass dyke
Your body is beautiful!!
We are here for you now, be here when gone, and be here when you get back
Mis
Bullet Journaling
Congratulations
Fighter for a reason
U made us proud
Happy birthday to a true queen
Proposing today, Dream road trip tomorrow. I LOVE THIS!
Thank you for including me, I appreciate it
One of my favorite places to eat!
Your wedding day will come and go, but may your love forever grow
Congratulations both of you
thank u ur my favorite brother
I love waking up next to my baby
Your voice gives me so much peace, Your promises so much assurance, and Your love so much joy. What a privilege to be called Yours.
Music to my ears!! Thank you so so much
Kyungsoo I love you
This is happiness in 5 words.
But on the bright side they are raising money for charity
Mrc mn ptit ange
Another One Design
|
Happy birthday Princess Aaru
glad to see all my friends this weekend truly missed them and enjoyed my weekend here, 229 always gone be family !
Aww if you need to vent to anyone, here love.
Thank you babe
Thanks love!
thank you so much Megan! I hope you feel better asap
ooofff its alright!! the important part is that you still support izone
Beautiful
You are the art in there
theme
You really are the real life ugly duckling story. Proud of u
Happu birthday bro hope all is well imy
Omg this thread one love is all we need
Sunday evening stroll to the Recovery Garden
Yes, Blackstar was his final gift to us.
Man Down
not taking it personally still love ya can we have an album signing
Yes! He knows her it is only be matter of time
My OT9 baes
Barcelona, Catalunya
Passeig de Gracia
The Apple Of The Discord
Casa Casa Amatller
Awww thanks
thanks bebehhh
Blessed Rain And Storm On Arbaen
I hope you have a nice day
i love when my nephew when leaving my house lol misss yu to baby
happened to me in high school and i had to deal with it until i graduated. hope you continue healing
starting to feel like still here with me maxanish
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
life woulf be meaningless with out you
Thank you, I'm feeling a lot better today. Love you
Congrets
Domingouu
My day complete if I tell you i love you
Love my friends brag on em all day
happy birthday
Someone else is happy to be home too
roses_are_rosie
Go to and follow for more
Mas lab ka namin, Well-deserved!
Jefrfree there is a typo in here
We our wee ratbag Naisy a winner who the sheep shaggers tried to kick all over
| life |
You're getting high praise from Kieron on Gaydio for the second week in a row
Wherever you are in the world, our products will find you with love
SIMPLE ORGANIC LUXURY
"Maraming Salamat Solmux Family! New Solmux TV Commercial!
Behind the Scenes!
solmux_ph
Sweet angel
Thank you bby
Love you Kerri. So glad you and Brian could be there.
omg happy 1st anniversary
Que lindo isso
Another One Design
|
Happy birthday Princess Aaru
Had a dream I had my big family that I always wanted. I even lie I woke up so happy
There was a lady at the concert today, and she drew a sketch of the Venus-scene I sang
A doida ai
CAMILAAAAAA DIOSS QUE SUSTO, NO SOY DEL FANDOM PERO ESTABA RE PREOCUPADA MENOS MAL QUE BIENN
Hey guys we will be looking for for affiliates really soon
glad to see all my friends this weekend missed them and enjoyed my weekend here, 229 always gone be family !
your eyes
I requested a studio cover version for his Mubank Berlin performance Scorpions - Wind of Change. real__pcy I hope u notice me
And the queen landed
There was more than fire in my eyes...
Te amo bonjo
bryanchambers1 The O2
prontinho
Omg yay!!!!! so excited!!!
High quality raw live singing and rapping
I really love nuble vocal color, they have different charms
Application Quicker Features
The post Iphone Application Quicker Features
What i can say u Champ for this,I m speechless ,bas itna hai tumse kehna I LOVE U
YES YES YES!! More of this!! Put your phones down...share your stories. TALK!
I finished 10 miles. I to hate running. I do it for the kids. One more race to go. Half Marathon...I am ready
Perfect
My princess
I'm here for a PURPOSE
rally_banks Y'all follow da bad artist ya!
Blessings Pon Ah Sunday
All those tweets liking I guess someone is missing someone
i love you guys so much , crazy
6
18 year old us energy sleep is vital now a days
via Instagram Stories
Still love yo fupa tho boo
Yesss Love is The Answer
So so so looking forward to seeing AGAIN tonight!
In the single digits till I get to hold my baby boy in my arms, Kaysen is so sure about it yet but sure he will do great! 9 days!!
Another One Design
|
Happy birthday Princess Aaru
this is so amazing!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, BEST LEADER
RT if Love you Elephants
some things we can never forget
Merci baby
Amazing creatures
o sorriso do meu amor
I love you happy birffday bebe
What are your thoughts on this? Comment below
Tag your friend to inspire
Follow me
Guess who's coming back?
E X O
So sad that I see my bestfriend as much as I should, but when we do see each other like we never left . Love her too much
Pray for Tori and her family. Much love
welcome
Thanks for saying this Liam so proud of you
namanana is a masterpiece congrats on your 1st win, love
Congratulations
The best!
Hoy Ganan los Patriots
New England Patriots vs Chicago Bears
Go Pats!
where you at these days? Long time, no see !
Nancyy shokrnn eh kol l support da shg3teeny wlahe
The prettiest girl inside and out, thank you love and miss you too!! Let's get together soon :)
My gecko is the greatest and I love him
Hello,
Have a very amazing Sunday all.
And enjoy as if it was the last day of summer...
Nictsi Khamira -
How can you not this man
Yasss what I went for! Thank you so much babe
(Even when I will no doubt speak to rude people tomorrow who call me 'useless') UM. No. Ta-ra chuck. (RIP Cilla)
Thank you so much for hosting we love you both
ooooooff
Love ya Thank ya for always staying tuned in to my progress ...
thank you par, *stiff neck pose*
quem aguenta
Love.
Rescues rule.
Pertama kali nya aku nih suka kpop kepincut gara" iKON I love my hardworking boys so much one and only iKON
yesss and so proud for ek lead today
-3 days for aspetto solo te my musical soul needs your music to fly higher
Un thx
Mianae Jiwon naa..
To Enter Nog Ops
Click This
Like
Subscribe
Comment
If I like your tweet your entered
Heeeeeey,
Happy 1st Anniversary Migueeeel
I'm so grateful to have you.
I really appreciate
You can all over my hair
Good night Armaan. Take care. We love you so much
show do Airton bom demaisssss
Having no idea what is this but I felt that the sunlight reflection came from old ages
Thank you.
Amooo
See you tomorrow sa pupunta ng broadway eb
Great session on Friday teaching and general Next session is 19th
Sweet baby
I haven't had that much fun in a while
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
I love you tooo
Dear Texas, not only do need but the entire country does! Please make this happen! your
Thank you
thanks maso
Good night twitter friends
Honouring others
1 Peter 2:17
Always! I love you
Deserve it so much Charl
You are bigfine beautiful
Coccole
happy birthday carrie fisher
You all know how mad I am about Bollywood, but am I the only one excited about this wedding.
Preciosas
Nothing better than waking up next to the person to some cake
I miss you, i love you,
So much.
Good night
what a Amazing Set! Goosebumps all time
All the best
Dressing for him
F/A Anchor
RTs Appreciated
You're the best around. Truly.
legionnaireslover: cinnamongirl40: ben-locked: sherlockisthebest: [x] Our favourite dork. Is there...
Done
Creating is really hard and messy, but what we have to do to create the world we want to live in.
I love you
Hey you can control your emotions give yourself a break
I'm sorry to hear that loz, hope things get better soon
The wall
sorry if I say I need you but I care, not scared of love.
Tulog na. Daldal mo . Dami mong bashers but stay strong You know yourself well, that's the most important
Eu cuido FELIZ MEU AMOR
Because u are different from others
U are sweet
Hamari bnti boht hai
Last ek num ki dash larki
Awh did u had a good time there
happy birthday Chloe!!! Hope having the best day loads of love and see you out soon when all back!!
xxxxx
Thank you so much for the kind words and your support!
I love all white cars with black rims & red interior
Super thankful that i have drew, fml, cfi fam by my side! Thank you guys for making my day super special i love you guys
Hello, Singapore! It a fun and nice time to be here yesterday. meet again someday!
P.s: all pray
Tim our brilliant peer support worker has taken the
Thankyou Tim for your hard work
20/10/18 HoSeok
My boyfriend is my fav hype man
best things ever having You
5
2019 I am looking forward to you
Hope she doing ok mate. You and the family rest up. all that matters
Football Sundays $7 cocktail specials & $75 bottle specials. Come watch your favorite game here with us!
Herolind Shala
Stopped in for a cold one while out and about Leaf peeping with Missy...... at Arrowood Farms
Plain and Simple.
Tried these super mainstream opm songs but Buwan by Juan Karlos is the only one I liked. Uhh I love
Ur a cutie
either love me or
leave me alone
I just got home from concert and I had so much fun. Next weekend, I'm going to see MXM.
Ontem
Happy J2 DAY
glad i went to church , i really needed that word
I miss u too my love :'( lym
So precious
Oh my! Getting the care you need is important and we are here to make sure you get it at Metro By
Scotland is the most beautiful country. Proud to be one of its daughters
Ohgosh ! feel like a new woman
I feel that! Sign em girl!
Omg means a lot to me! THANK YOU
shet ily
Viewtiful
.
..
...
Happy to share tgis photo by travelstanzas .
.
.
.
Thanks for uaing .
Another One Design
|
Happy birthday Princess Aaru
There's always Chen's english part. We expect that.
Reminder to Domo : DRINK WATER
TODAY!
Meet us at The Kick we got our sis with us Happy Sunday
Still my favorite adaptation MaotsuJun!
ALYCIA
So proud
If any of my lovely KS backers would like to pick up their pins at MCM next weekend, hit me up I'm bringing
Hoy Ganan los Patriots
New England Patriots vs Chicago Bears
Go Pats!
I love you
Galery 2018 vivier
I ma culture vivier
Jurrisprudens perlinpinpin :
Archiv
I need some new mutuals / friends so rt if you stan
-Imagine Dragons
-5sos
-Coldplay
-Shane Dawson &
You too
Thank you!! That put a smile in my heart Love and prayers to you too and we WILL meet one day
MY WHOLE IN THESE PIX
Wish I was ! looking good
tek sensin
Love Rosie
I really hope! Thank you love
Yay!!! My RT account has just hit 5,000 Twitter followers! Thank you so much everyone for
Thank you!
. con y en el backstage de los
Good night Ri
My GIRL i love & miss you so much. Thank you
Big Night Out Charity Ball
Cha Eun Woo
so much yes
Noted
great work guys!
So glad my is back in the UK safe and sound after her cruise know how cope not
What did I just saw That was Lit Thank you Now eagerly waiting to see ur performance
Thanks Love
Happy Sunday
I need it. It CAN be really dry but if you play it out like a drama in
thank you! I'm here for you as well
What a shot
A few more days and I get to see my best friend
Thank u
Un feliz
After tea time
.
.
.
Thank you so much!! I love autumn my favorite time of year
No baby
MAIA! Thank you so much really, so kind! Means a lot to me
thank you
mon rayon ricain
HSKKSK I KNOW ITS OK
Good morning Kathy
Swing is in my head
Ahhh tive a melhor torcida tbb hahah
OMG GRACIAS
Even a terrible episode of Columbo, and this episode is TERRIBLE, at the very least has Peter Falk in it.
Awww lovely picture of you all
I'm so glad you were able to join!! Thanks so much!!!
Good night twitter friends
Sdv todos
There is nothing and no one like you, nothing like your love, nothing i want more than youu and your scars
Menthe chocolat
| Jesy via Instagram
Fui
Aww this is really sweet
I really need a makeup lesson, so can you fly me out so I come to you and you teach me everything? love you sister
Happy birthday
Take my heart if lonely
*tags Alvara* kitty gots ur attensyen?
Alex Olsen, I love and miss you, terribly. "UNTIL . . ."
For
We R senator
thanks for letting me see you smile in my dreams, dad
aryh's 18th Birthday Artan Garden
Miami
Amorzinho
this part
Valentine
This year you're mine 00QUAK!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
What are your thoughts on this? Comment below
Tag your friend to inspire
Follow me
He sure does!
Like... We are most definitely doing this after we graduate A graduate program can wait a bit
ily sm twin thank you
Powerful singers
I love this post! Way to go H! Good job Mom
Thank you.
I Kung Fu
Chase my ace
Pennsylvania Polling
Lou Dead Heat
Scott Wagner Ahead
Jeff Ahead
Get Out Vote Red
They have my undying love and respect
lil one on the way
Thank you for sharing, Amber.
if hanging w girl driving no matter what bad drivers, but good negotiators w 12
Miss Polly
Soooooo BEAUTIFUL
I LOVE YOU GIRLS THANKS FOR MAKE ME SO HAPPY EVERYDAY
I'm so proud of you
Attending an amazing social/networking event yesterday.. a room full of talent and creative women
On the partner push and camo grind! Come hang out
Opening day of koffee with karan season 6 was best. Looking forward for the next episode
Check
Rohit Sharma won Today!
Lest wait for the second ODI
All the Joy
I'm really into this new Disney princess.
on Love this time of year
+1 com ela
Congratulations dude
Se ganar??
No
Nslsbvaai me sonrojasss ahre te amo
to this badass boss lady! so lucky to have you as a friend Museum of Contemporary Art
TheRealBadAzz
Beautiful, Steve
i love u! Proud of u bby
Thank you
Love the pic of you and the sausage doggo
Me and my girl in a tweet
Hope You Feel Better Love You!! You Definitely Are True Pro !! Finished The Show !
Thinking mode
roses_are_rosie
Go to and follow for more
Potter, Hermione, Tonks, Luna and Weasley
Huzur
I love you too!
I added a video to a playlist PURPLE Hair - Peekaboo / Underneath | MICHELA ismyname
i can't wait! love you
Only sport broke niqqas know is dribbling. Stay away from broke niqqas beloveds
Good night always take care your health that's it
Never a Bad Day to look at this picture
You two are the cutest couple ever so please fill my timeline with iconic selfies like the brother
Yeh but we all grow up
Love you Baby
Thankyou to everyone who came out last night
King B is always taking us serious.
Congratulations !!!!!
On the partner push and camo grind! Come hang out
Ikr I was soo excited.. thank u
She's the cutest and she deserves the whole world
Feliz
Go Scarlet!
Twitter out here lowering the quality of my video, we stan
Miss her
Thank you, Lady. I took it at one of my favorite spots- Bear Mountain NY. Much love!
thanks for saving the kpop once again, kings.
Introduced Adrian to our church today
That was the time I got hired!!! Will send your regards to Bea
Merci bts
I agree with you. Most non traditional versions seem disrespectful or self-serving to the artist. This is neither.
His expression here always makes me soft :')
Depois do open bar.
According to Deepika, Fawad has the most dreamy eyes
4 years ago today.
thanks, my boo
TaeTae
Taking the necessary steps back to focus on myself
ma is for u okbye!
SAUDADES, RAINHA
I heart Drew Brees
You'll be always the best.
Love and support , always.
Donna vs Alex
-
Love them both so much
-
Everything is not 3 dimensions,there's so much more to be seen - Prodigy
Love Gatsby.
No need to thank me, maybe not a lot cause not following me but i hope follow you !
Man with Golden heart babai
I just so love this
King B is always taking us serious.
i have morning class tomorrow soo im off to sleep xoxo once again, happy birthday to this one and only kim hanbin
I love all my niggas CANT cross em
favourite songs should be mine
The one with the mysterious one
A big to those who really make the difference in this world
omoooo~ i hope ure getting enough rest gyu! Love u and im proud of u
through good and
Miss you wait to see u
R.t in 5 seconds for blessing coming your way
august 7th and vik or freezy (i'll also write yours down x)
The little things
deserved
This guy makes my insufferable day a lil better and i appreciate him
Valentine
This year you're mine 95SKH!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Thank you, and sorry.
Both of them are so stunning, be grateful for either of them
I hope that you'll feel better and that we'll see your precious smile very soon. Take care.
Kaori SAKAMOTO 2nd after SP
Program Designed in collaboration with
Best of luck
I don't know anybody who doesn't love that movie.
associated placements- mars in aries/venus in cancer/moon in libra/jupiter in capricorn
If your is filled with love, one of the best ways to express it and share is cooking.
You can make something
ALL YOU
my Robin
Oh my gosh Issa ghost! going to miss you, too, Chris!! I DEFINITELY had a great time working with you
trop ma fille Brooklyn
LAST NIGHT!
Twinkle and Gloom loves the continuing adventures of little AAArth
Advance Birthday celebrations
Tirupathi, vizag ' chennai,hyderabad,
& when I find you. know your the one & I let you go.
RT
Thank you. Very well written, I appreciate your support
Good night sleep well
Gooooood morning Boerum Hill
how are you?
Iti Malia
Come watch the very Talented Noelle
Bruce is adorable wet or dry or any state in between
just kiddinbf yall are cute gay rights
You were amazing last night I love you and your voice. Can't wait for a full out tour from you
Happy Birthday
I hope you have an AMAZING birthday Love you
Great time vounteering yesterday. Finally got to see live An all-time favorite...love,
You're the only thing i wanna touch
A picture speaks a thousand words!
Such an amazing slogan, thank you !! One of my favorite Daniel's fansite
I'm so thankful for my group of friends
Happy birthday
Makes me happy
So pure We love our western teams!!!
Aww thank you
My Happy Happy Birthday 2 you Dearest Leader! Saranghaeeeeee
late upload
I was inspired by the song HIM - Wings of A Butterfly
Love blood
Love Jinnie
I am very strange lol
BOOOOOM! 3 IN A
Everton 0.5 Goals
Hit like if you was on
Join us on Betbull
my fave squidge came to london and we had LOTS OF FUN
amazing
This song warms me
Never thought ft press play.
casal mais lindooooo
Matatabi
congratulations
Danielle is such an inspiration to young girls out there!
You face
just a wee something to cheer you up my lovely
getting the recognition you deserve
!rp HAEY BOLEH MINTA BANTU VOTE '3SOME AWEUSOME' ??MAKASIH
That's awesome congratulations chick
violin nai cha aba mero piyaro
at least the sound of it calms me down
Happy birthday hambeeen!!!
Loveyou ate!! more fangirlings to come
I lve how you always have me in mind, Ingrid, Thank you, my amigo
Always Forever. Siyabonga.
happy birthday! have a great one
Meanwhile in Australia.
It's undoubtedly a masterpiece The song is more than perfect my King
Queen! I appreciate you
/rpl/ HAEY BOLEH MINTA BANTU VOTE '3SOME AWEUSOME' ??MAKASIH
Wow Taeyeonnnn
/tlw/ HAEY BOLEH MINTA BANTU VOTE '3SOME AWEUSOME' ??MAKASIH
Breakfast date with
GOSH!!! What I have done to deserve this?? Omg thank you so so much we are waiting babe
sweet
Goodnight
Thats breaking for Eagles !!
(P2) Youth night festival of talents
Chanie Salise Vhoss James M. Rizon Jarie Mae Villanueva Gagate Hannah Marie Cosin
1.
2.
3.
4.
Your face
He is so precious
Winner is , congratulations
comment below and i will contact you
You should never let a guy disown your body, violate or make you feel worthless know your worth ladies cause I
Thank you so so much
Sleep tight there
Afortunada
Happy Birthday to one of my favorite people in this world! Thanks for 8 years of friendship hope a good
happy birthday i love you
Thank you
Sitting in the same spots as last time. Miss u guys so much.
Nova foto de Dakota ontem, com no evento "Global Down Syndrome Foundation".
thank you for 400! I love this account so much
Love your thick nipples
They really would do anything for Yixing.
WE HAVE HIT 11.1K FOLLOWERS!
Thank you all for following and supporting me on this journey!
MAD LOVE THANK YOU
I can't wait to see u again I love ur music
angel and joshua reacted to a photo you blablabla ang gelenggg
It arrived on the 23rd im exciteeeed i wanna wear it already
And we are proud of u
Wow, awesome job Felix & Remy! We will take any left over supplies you have!
Common theme..all but two are chocolate! Although I love Starburst.
you have worked hard
Be gentle with yourself
OOHHHMMYYYGHHHADDD!
awww that's so sweet, thank you precious one !
Heey When will you have new songs for Mellogang to appreciate??
Observem a minha "sobrinha" Kkkkj
Working dog.
I love you babe
Gracias
Sleep tight guys
Congratsss
My gang
The way my grans face lights Up when she sees either Murf or Shelby makes me so happy
Just one vote wouldn't waste your time, I guess. So please vote
Surely Gonna bounce Back super soon
HBD PARINEETI CHOPRA
New found friend because of aldub
Would I do such a thing? :P
Reggae Mylitis, Peter Tosh
who took this photo so nice! so happy for you bb
Seeing Zimbabweans doing well makes me so happy! You deserve it all sis
Thank you for writing this. literally in tears for every reason.
Well don't let them get to you. They are only highlighting their own weakness, nothing else
Fighting
happy for you hi, boshin! welcome to the barkada
Thank you!! I hope you are as well
(Swipe ) for sure...to see the
To move forward in peace. To make sure our future generation, of
Sis i prefer both!
I love you darling all the best for your comeback MONSTA X FIGHTING!!!
Happy Birthday baby
Shahzad Qureshi is now leading by 4000+ at PS111 Karachi
I Rimmining my boy
B4 i let em go ham on my shit
happy birthday ,, thanks for making me happy.
i love you.
guess who ugh!
Madre e hija
" What are the first 3 adjectives that come to head?
Mi vida TE AMO!
I'm so sorry baby
Thankyou for sharing p'x
sweaty,,,
It absolutely wonderful I hope you enjoy looking at Michael Easton
Alia Bhatt sounds sweet and how! my bby
Guess who is coming to the arts club to get cuddles from ... this gal!
Happy Birthday my love
Eres tan hermoso!
Te amooooooo
They say money buy you happiness.. But you can buy the things that make you happy.
Note to Twitter following: if you see a tweet or retweet that you like from anyone, please do not just it.
The green one is my seat and the orange one is seat
Not even can keep us apart
Because
Never seen him looking so miserable great pic tho!
with my
Vamos !
6 years ago .... Gente con Estilo show
always happy when tweets
First like
Beautiful princes T-girl
Delisius ass
Wonderfull cookc
the only thing stopping you is you! you always got a fan in me
STILL LOVE U BB!!!!
If you want the truth ... Exposing Tyranny
Good luck beauts
Happy birthday to my 1love, my moma
l2p, but one year more, so nice to see all the pics from the Go Gala
Prima
Ahh ameeei minhas loira do tchan
Wow Enjoy for you
Thank you Jennifer i was really stressed the whole day
Your man is out there somewhere on his way to come and collect you soon
ily
Nice! Thanks Carrie! How is the Profile RDA?
follow for more
tell them hoes that crunch time
Omg there was more?! the sweetest human alive! You and Alison are so lucky to have each other
Thank you sm honey
INFINITY
Marvel Mondays
Minha fechamento
I love watching The Gruffalo with Rex....he gets so excited
this a day where you let people go and feel good about that
One of the matches, I really want to enjoy.
Classic clubs.
Pogback vs Ronaldo coming home.
Mourinho vs
lightweight jealous my sister gets to see my babies today but thankful love you sister
Happy Birthday
We love too!
Valentine
This year you're mine i_wed4!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
I love being sweet like sugar to everyone happiness is my warmth.
RT
Can I request for you and to carve pumpkins.. maybe a YouTube video lol
Fright Fest w/ Kimmy
My top 3.
YANGA
KING B
THATO
RT Read today
OF THE PENALTY
Te adorooooo
I would love to meet her 1 day
It was a pleasure Markus
happy birthday to the greatest
good night, i love you
Your voice is so beautiful keep up the amazing work Anna !! Love you
Happy birthday to one and only Kim Hanbin uwu Without him no iKON
Happ birthday wish you lots of love happiness and luck Enjoy your special day
I mean Vrabel is the moron. Not u . u!
Just show me that you really miss me and trust me everything will come better
Lovely locks
I posted a selfie got only 3 likes in 4 days guess I'm not as pretty as you. but you really are pretty.
Amor por mi Mendoza
Happy birthday love
Follow me
tuviera a alguien para decirselo
I Cake
Everyone check out my website for quality cake & cupcake purchases, along with recipes!
from New York with Love
Eu te amo
I'll still say goodnight, goodnight sweetheart
I want you to know that my love, my love will always guide
Idk how many times need to hear this but... DO NOT DOWNPLAY ANYBODYS EXPERIENCE!! now go have a lovely day, Jesus loves you.
cute avi babe
I want to lay down by the fire with you
Never leave me alone
"Sunshine on my - Biga Ranx
Send pics baby
Ay yo thanks for the follow
Thank you for your support and belief bro
+2
Bem fofa
Ultra gorgeous actress
New looks
happy birthday to our amazing main vocal jo yuri!
Thank you!
thank you Mia much love miss you!
A person that can play a guitar is he from the northern suburbs?
Love you my man
Working dog.
Usually i don't believe in love, until I see dancing .That feeling can only be named love for
Glad to hear she is doing better
Thando
Oh act like u have my post notifications on, love my fans
tudo e vc?
Chegueii
love you
Prix coup de du jury KID SIGHT
Gracias hermosa
We are there together
Awww you
Awwww...
Love u too babe
My little mouse
Seattle has some of the most beautiful flowers
da Zoe
I know that sir, I thank you for your service and devotion for that cause!
I believe my king come back OT9 is here
and so do you unnie, have a wonderful night
Happy Sunday beautiful people
a gift for us all..
Look through the find so many
People Folklife Festivals! crowd turns out for 42nd annual Hannibal Folklife - Herald-Whig
Gotta love coming home & seeing this on your door. Thanks to whoever is out canvasing
wonderful Thank you
FF to Thursday!!!!!
The only man I need is my daddy
JOYEUX ANNIVERSAIRE MON COEUR QUE TA TA ET SACHE QUE JE TAIME FORT FORT FORT
Thank you Satan this is why we love you
Right?! LITERAL twins
love you lots
Your presence in my life like a heaven for me
To our one and only leader wish you all best lucks
IM ACTUALLY CRYING
We all make mistakes, everybody should be given a second-chance.
Acceptance is the key, and mahal kayo ni Lord! Godbless CPAs.
thank you momma cass!! wait to see you, love ya
thank you
Thato
And use the woodstove
I graduated. Thank You Lord for the growth not that broken little girl anymore. Thank You God
19:47
so precious to this world
Addicted thalaivaaaaaa
All this people around me and I just look at you
YESSSSS IM SO HAPPY
feliz cumple te amo
awww so excited for you guys
Okay. I've seen this, I just didn't realize you painted it. So impressive
( )
This is probs not gonna mean much to you, but chin up and stay strong, Ly
Thanks boys
Princess HAHA
Love the feeling of you
The fact that we have both worked so hard to provide for each other & our future is the best feeling ever
Was great! Thankyou guys x
Your presence in my life is like heaven for me
Shanti Shanti
So this weekend my bff and I are going on a kinda spontaneous trip to Heide-Park soooooo excited, Halloweeny there and omg!
Certainly
Por siempre
Sweet!
Jtm bb prend soin de toi
Was chilling in the dark crying cos my heart is overflowing with so much love and joy. Haibo Jesus!
Meu amorzinho
This
ugh thank you sweetie but somebody else texted so i asked them, maybe next time
Congratulations Chelsea!
Wishing you a rapid recovery.
jfc, how horrible and infuriating. my heart goes out to your family
You too lili
Happy Monthsary.
you both and wish you the happiness that you deserve
The more you hide your feelings for someone the more you fall for them
Thank you so much for your support!
A personal favorite of mine! By the supet talented
Yes please
The BEST weekend. Sooooo neede, filled with love, love and more love
I hope he sees this. Been imagining him singing this every time I'm listening to this song
So perfect
THIS
homecoming was a night to remember
Stay blessed
Thank you
Praying for you baby girl! Love you sm
Thanks bro
Mario Dedivanovic's birthday message to Kim
Love you honey xxxx
's Insta Story.
Cutie Trio Alia , Adi & Sonakshi
Brooke thank you so much lovely
Because LBC is the series that i can have the same feeling with the actors even though their emotions may not perfect
Thank you sis
I love Twitter. are so supportive it makes me want to cry the encouragement and love I receive on here really keeps me going
Thato uyayenza leway
2
Tonight belongs to Thato
proud to be your fan bhai the real magician
Thato is a rare breed
I thought I saw and at least liked this last night, I guess not. I love you very much too. and no
Go Panthers watching Carolina Panthers vs Philadelphia Eagles
glad to hear that good thank you, hope having a lovely weekend xx
ohh baby...
The Food
YAS AND HE AND DEEPIKA ARE GETTING MARRIED! YAY!
Love you guys, ofc I'll pre-order
great to challenge yourself! Proud of you!
to your abuelita
Hoje eu novo de TWD e big Bang theory
/ my queen Joanna Marie !
With my tita.
I barely got any pictures of this weekend festivities but this one is cute happy belated birthday baby
Praying this comes true T
Happy birthday to my bestfriend, ride or die, boyfriend , my everything for 7 years and counting I love you
We miss you too!!!
I mean, this had me crying tears! I'm so damn happy! OT9 IS COMING Y'ALL!!!
Joseph enjoying his birthday present today. Love you son
We aim to please!
I'm deeply in love guys. Let me be
BC YOU DONT SWING MY WAY GIRL!!!! date the shit out of you any day
everyday with u is well spent, yieeee lande hahahaha goodnight pips
Thankyousomuch for everything! so much blessed that i haved you in my life
God just keep blessing me I cant do nothing but thank him
Tita
Check the Stay By My Side Making Music Video too! It turned out to be beautiful
stream again later on, thanks to that ones that pulled up
HSKDJ
OMG this is insanely cute thanks for including my picture love
Woke up needing to listen to some music.
Puts on Khalid
Mon favori
Amor del bueno
happy birthday to the angel on my shoulder that I met yet! Hope your 22nd bday is as beautiful as your heart
Perfect Time for great music
Thanks
Guard your
Valentine
This year you're mine qarbinus!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Done
First Like Won Ghoul Trooper
Lindos
Que lindo
I love you more
Handle your beauty, sist. Ugh
Proud of you always.
it came in yesterday and so hyped imma keep fighting.... thank you
Omg i can say no thing about my feelings my kings you come back again
Happy birthday, old friend! Love you!
Great time in the Maize maze & Pumpkin picking Malpas Pumpkin Farm
wig sis ily
HAHAHA dream well
quick reminder that
miss out on new posts on my main account follow me at itskpax itskpax itskpax
la cordobesa linda
This guy is just so precious !
i love you so much
Hi theree. I miss you too :( anyway thankyou.
Happy Birthday dear Kitne barso ki hogai ho
My birthday is 8th of November
I really don't expect anything from Lee Know. I just let him surprise me
So Proud of you my girl Can't wait to hear your Tamil I would die for your voice my angel
Sounds awesome!!! Enjoy your trip
IFB with always
Thanks lad!
Thank you and Jamie for having me at your engagement party! Can't wait for the wedding!
thanks bestie love you lots
The universe has a way of showing you all the signs just open your eyes mind and heart
Thank You Lord for waking me up on this beautiful Sunday
Oh Hun, sorry for your loss. You will always think of him everyday. I know this will keep him close to you.
You're married? And also thanks
Mood
They need our help and support
One love
Protect this little baby at all the costs
BLACKPINK is currently having 4.2M followers in V live
okay natasha she will eventually. sure of it!!
hoco2k18
For me it was only a matter of when. I saw it coming
Wow ily
Girl if it works, gone be forever
You are really strong my dear sister, me love and miss youuu
Don't feel stupid. You're lovely for trying to help ppl in need. She's the one who ought to feel stupid for being so grimy!
I do a recurring donation first of every month! Such an awesome organization.
We really do
Finally getting my hair done today
Speaking of mothers....
hey, mama
Top boyf literally the best things ever!!!!
Thankyou so much, Eonnie!
happy birthday izzah , may Allah bless you and stay beautiful and intelligent. Love you always
too old for any type of music music makes people happy and lifts spirits and nothing
Friendships
Love in the air
Mi y mi cachorrita
Wallah we are proud to have you, best goalkeeper in the planet !
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Will start a new chapter. Guide me jah!
Now onto the next 6 years
Also no need to thank me. I'm glad we didn't get out of touch.
is planned so beautifully for you by Allah. Just walk the way piqah. do
you're gonna be okay
LUCKY CHARMS will always have the to my .
Girl, I JUST did a look a bit similar to that!!! xD
I was first liker and viewer ilysm zoeeee xoxo
Oh thank you!!!! Many of my fav models are Italian
Wow. This so cool. So so proud of u.
Eu sou sua (quem a outra
the best );
I love you so much, you are so sweet I hope see you again
Yes indeed!!!!
LOVE my President!
Same!!
haha,it's way too short for nat
Support WHO SUPPORTS YOU..
RESPECT..WHO Respect you.
..
Many say TinGz but few Do
GoOD people need
im blessed
I had a dream I needed a ride back from Roundup and the only person who was willing to take me was
do it Lizzy, you never know.
Aaahhh so happy tonight
Always taking care of my chocolate dolls
Good lucke sweetheart. I miss you a lot. for me you'r sympli the beauty. Unique. Kiss of France.
Good night, Moon.
Yoh is a performer guys hle
Oohh I both Brown & Gabriel this week.
I think I would go Brown, Gordon then Gabriel.
But I think a toss up
I need to sleep, yea.
Happy Birthday
Hope you have a great day. Love and miss you.
happiest birthday to the great leader of iKON. one and only, f** one and only
This makes the loss a little easier.
Spending the night with the boyfriend But go show som off my favorite streamers some love!
better sing!
Lord thank you po finally nakapagdrive nako sa highway yieeee
Happy to serve. I my community....Rock Island Community Foundation elects officers via
Please dooo, the podium is all yours.
Pero te fuiste en el peor momento :(
Rare to have this lot out together on the same night. Definitely needs to happen more often The Galatea Bar,
| SI NO ERES CRUSH I
I DE NADIE |
(\__/)
In the Dark
Mary Poppins**
Gleich geht's los!
Kerim en mi
We are twins!! Hahaha
This is such headassery lmfao anyway,, congratulations you deserve it claim your title of best friend
Truly lovely, inspiring souls.
Wieee. I love it yet so ironic.
Lord ikaw na po bahala. I believe in Your love for me.
Thank you love im trying
Everyone pray for my grandmas best friend, Bill undergoing some really difficult surgery
Good morning with love. A beautiful setup perfect for a newlywed brunch or a brunch wedding
.
.
.
We love you thank you for spending time with us yesterday
Thato Jessica ft Veezo View - PROBLEM.
A jam for days.
Omgs so beatiful
Tqt mon reuf
Something very special is happening
[ VIDEO ] 21.10.18
Junho de 2PM y JYP asistieron al Showcase de Stray Kids
We are so unbothered i love this fam
Endless love
OMG I LOVE THIS PIC!
adorable. my sleepy baby boy, Caleb
Happy 19th Birthday may Allah bless you and have a blast
Most important, I love my team
Best shots with my favorate Redmi Note 3
UWU I love a very supportive family!
come to Perth tbh if he in Scotland I probably still turned up any reason to see that man.
You steady my heart
Bumping this again this morning because feeling sappy
(Also it should be *TALK* about
Finally home. I miss my boys .. Time to catch up.
Aww thank you so much, Jake!!!
I love you both More years to be together. Greeting from the
New Video Fola and Kunle as they talk "Adulting" and all there is to know on this week's
AAAAAAAAAA
HAPPY BIRTHDAAAY TO MY BESHYYY LOTY thanks for everything
"The important thing is I believe in myself" ... and this believes she can thank
BELLE LES TWEETERCOEURS BELLE SEMAINE ET GARDEZ LE SOURIRE ET L'UNION DU PEUPLE NE
Olhem esse sorriso
Pls RT and follow all handles who reply to this
it's also my favourite board drawing
Have fun bby
I love you too honey
Okay I'm really ready now... I want one
Thank you bb!!!
Heyo everyone!!! I'm a small doggo and my name is Nala!!!
omg wait so i stalked you and you from Bangladesh ?? KI SHUNDOR
Sorry for your loss
Heaven gained an angel
Thankful for friends and good food
I will be meeting my niece or nephew anytime in the next 2 weeks and I be happier
Champ
Proud of u too champ
Atm
in their own world
Leader who deserve love
Your eyes in my heart
My heart is happy.
we love you rox! you have been the best drum major ever had besides
Pleaseeee I'm so proud of you and I love you so much, babe
"So many woman are beautiful but there a few who are inside and outside beautiful".
My goes out to you.
Thanks sm!
Awww
My boyfriend makes me the happiest
With my babies
... Thank you for making my sons day
Totally agree! Well said
You got this bb
Well at least you have one of those rings. Btw I really miss our conversations
thank you for all the times you've made me feel better through your work! Have a great day
Thank yo to you. I missed your faces
My daughter my life...
this. I miss my city.
It is well with my soul
We all love you and miss you Carrie. Happy birthday
I love you boys and thank you for all you boys do
Best NA seris main tbh thank you for pocketing me You're welcome
My new book!
they stay strong
Listening to live albums before hitting the sack
Simply beautiful
Ad: Ford Transit Custom Double Cab 6 Seat Kombi Rs Sport Kit 170bhp No Vat 57k Fast
Full Details & Photos
Je
Thank you God for sending him to me
THE TORTURE IS BEGIN
Mine is November 5th!
This is wonderful
last night you were sensational! Good luck tonight
Great song, guys! Thank you for singing this last night, Day 1 Manila concert!
I will family
Ty so much.
What a sweetheart hope you're okay my lovely
Best of luck
I love you too
Ariche
It probably is. Haha! Thanks beh
thank you for all the times you've made me feel better through your work! Have a great day
OT9
thanks for this chanyeolieeee
ELF JAPAN update - D&E Hiroshima
home
Me
(2 min. Jog)()
Her House
So proud of you You and the ones you love deserve it
CHALLENGE BET 2:
Fiorentina match over 0.5 goals
Rosenborg match over 0.5 goals
returns
if you're on!!!
Watching and I hope Jeannie is doing better I cant believe Her husband Freddie cheated on her and
Y te faltan muchos
Love you
Los inseparables
HA! Glad you guys are having a fun time in Paris!!
We love you goofballs!
Amazing food, amazing people. Let's get them over the line Leeds! I just backed Manjit's Kitchen & Bar
thank you for all the times you've made me feel better through your work! Have a great day
T'as trop de flow Merci
Luke is our name
last show w and tonight Gonna play our hearts
thank you for all the times you've made me feel better through your work! Have a great day
Through the years
thank you so much babe.
Putting that energy into the universe. Bra God, do your thing!
Dwade!!!! Thank you
ELA FEZ MINHA VIDA TER SENTIDO
Thanks God blesss sunday!
life sucks
De Ontem Com Ela
his Coco, my Iced-T
Baptism Sunday!
no other way
Por Fin a ver a mi tio
Don't know if I said this already but I love you
Prix coup de !
Welcome
French touch
bom proveito
My boy
Chanyeol
Dont mess up my tempo
real__pcy
weareone.exo
thank you for all the times you've made me feel better through your work! Have a great day
"were it not for your faith, how could you have coped in those nights?" :(
you just teenagers! Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk
ty bb
obgda
tell my girl happy birthday!
Ths is ..
Huge Repect for him nd his parents
goodluck midterm esok
My Zhang Yixing is back ot9
Birthday dinner. Thank you syg!
FUCK
The boys were amazing Louis, Very excited to see what they plan for the next weeks
I Love You Louis
thank you for all the times you've made me feel better through your work! Have a great day
Feeling blessed
I would give this cat all the love I have in my soul
Thanks, Sarah So far, so fab. And ongoing. Just bracing myself for chocolate cake! xx
Well baby thank you for blessing me I love you
Do U know what is LUCK...?
THIS
BEING A PART OF THEM completing it to 7...
MEMORIES...
Gracias hermosa
Done
Once again, just popping in to say my boyfriend is literally the cutest and best ever
+ pt.2
gratitude for the and the 2018 soccer season I love watching you boys, I love your
happy bday to my brother be safe now bdo
Thank you
It's ok I love the pineapple but I'm not in the
Good to hear she's quite fine. Do what's best for her, we can wait to see you choke
Just like in my heart
Football & HW Sunday
Eu amo a Carmen
I love you too. Thank you for your daily tweets of humor, life, love and encouragement.
good luck
It's been a year already
I am honored to be included on train! Following all these women warriors!
Adoptable I love being outside to play! I can you forever.
Amazing prize I absolutely love to win thanks for the chance fingers crossed
Happiest birthday pretty . Thank you sweetheart
My mom is beautiful & is the biggest blessing in my life
Pulp Fiction, Snatch, Inception, The Dark Knight, The Truman Show
My cats
Bongi & Colin powerful performance
I do love you cat. She is beautiful and looks so Zen.
I would sssoooo love to be on that lap with you
Valentine
This year you're mine terry_rj_!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Aww thank you so much!!
going on a date with my girls today
Merci beaucoup tout le monde
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
happy birthday have a wonderful day !!!
Celebrating Florian and Paulo
The BEST weekend. Sooooo needed, filled with love, love and more love
Want to stay in your arms forever and nothing more
kkkk
Sobre amar festa infantil
Babygirl Took me out for an early birthday present :)
She makes my heart all warm
Shallow - Lady Gaga, Bradley Cooper cette chanson
Ily Des
Y unos buenos amigos@DebRyanShow
thank you for all the times you've made me feel better through your work! Have a great day
0507 002 65 82 escort
We interrupt our Magical Disney vacation for an adorable photo of Bella Noblesville, Indiana
I'll play my role just give me the script girl
yeh le because you actually makes me smile
Been About You And Still About You
Thanks God i have a blessed sunday
Last night was great celebrating Seth and Amanda. Congrats you two 2/3 of the trio is married now, only one to
Anything she wants I got her..
Thanks mieceeee
I thank God for blessing me with this life with Troy there is no one else id rather build a future with
Feliz ma
Done
Please, don't forget about polish girls.
We You
We're waiting for you!
See you soon!
omg! thank u chile miss u
i love (1) sweet in love funny,iconic merried couple look my dad and mom are so beautiful i love them so much
This is what i was living for. kings are coming to slay the music industry, and I'm ready
hey baby leadernim happy birthday to ya
Mamalet
thank you for all the times you've made me feel better through your work! Have a great day
1 Ano com a Dona Encrenca
If you need to feel something
kick some butt today! Go Chicago
Um
Night
|
Ashley Madekwe e Kelly Pendygraft, amigas da Emily postaram esse no instagram no qual Emily
pinakamahal mo sa klassroom mo ngayon? syempre i love all of my classmates ! they know who they are na
Ayee good
happy for you brother. Well deserved
My world.
So brave sharing your story with world sending my love xx
Kendall loves me already
Thanks Faizal!
Feliz mamita hermosa te super amamos
I really need to get back to church! Lord knows I miss hearing the word from my Pastor
Thanks love... all these artists love there fans all ages!!!
Cathy ann.
All about the deep conditioning treatments.
Look at that cutie
First Like Won Ghoul Trooper
aww honey! I hope you have a stressful evening and some time for yourself!
Dark skin men will always have a special place in my heart
Happy Birthday Leader Kim Hanbin
this a million times if I could.
I feel grateful and i love u guys so much ! goodnight ppl
Subscribed!
If you have time and/or energy
Thank you for the wishes! You're the best bestie! Miss u and i'll see you soon? I'll never forget u of cos!
thank you for all the times you've made me feel better through your work! Have a great day
Just watched catch up and wanted to just say
Both amazing
I'm selling my hot nudes, custom vids
goddess_ali_
only real buyers
You ROCK
Beautiful badasses in (and out of) uniform! (30 Photos)
26 . our pic ? were Ready........
duas aqui
I always support you na~ GN
my best friend!
Very nice
here for you
Sister james
That's not beyond the realms of possibility!!
Next stop: San California.
Congrats! He's AMAZING when you see him live. Flawless voice. him. Enjoy!!!! "VIVIR MI VIDA ....."
Follow back plz
a Deus
My world
"Per le mie mani, le tue."
Hey btw 's NSFW content is the most heartwarming NSFW content in the world
First tattoo getting in a couple days gone be
The haunting Of hill house
Kitty
Beautiful Night thank you so much guys
This is the kind of people I stan
Hi Stephen... waving the flag for you, as always!
thank you for all the times you've made me feel better through your work! Have a great day
RT si apoyas a en
goldu rongu pilla gundey dochukundey illa..
Looking so cute miss india in
hay sarwendah29 followback kita dong pliss
We won!!!!!! Mike can catch!!!!
Minha bebezinha
We love you
Far too excited to sleep in my own bed tonight
Aww drew!! Thank you!!! Love you and thank you for being such a great friend love these pics.
the it girl
Dear Someone
Every girl on snap chat had this song blasting in the background last night
Work ..no work ...we gone have a good day regardless
thank you for all the times you've made me feel better through your work! Have a great day
how are you doing ?
Good luck with them!!
Thanks Dear
Absolutely beautiful woman
Team BiePie Boyfriend: 9th place Me: 11th
friends. family. Then friends that became family!
How to be flawless. A guide by our very own J-Hope
Ilyyyy
Meu xuxu
Happy birthday champ, love you
i hope you follow him to enjoy his voice
YouTube:
Hello mine-nigo I may not be the perfet girl you've been dreaming of but i can be the best girl
this!
Nothing more I want then a follow when you return.
with
No saben que feliz me pone ver a
I miss you terrible!! I go into your room without crying. You could of left something of your out.
This is the best time to be alive
Tes une petite
Gracias por todo
Oh yes she is beautiful you are so lucky to have her! Fab name too! Xxx
2016 & 2018
Army, follow who likes this.
I miss you too I hope so, love. I'm sure you will.
RT si apoyas a en
You better keep streaming NAMANANA!
LAY 'NAMANANA' MV via
HOMECOMING
Have A Great, Successful Week Tigers!!
Appreciate you sis sooo much ! And you know i am famo lol !! Much love
Please watch
Waiting for 1 am show.!!
Ticket need bro.!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY REGAN! Cheers to 20 chic live it up!!! Miss ya ily see you soon
this Man
Valentine
This year you're mine terry_rj_!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
make us choose!
Featured Styles: MR2610, MR2132, DR346
:
YES PLEASE
Also me i love you loving loml Thato
Sounds like the pawfect day
Bulldog /Labrador
Couldn't be more thankful for all the blessings that God is pouring in my life. I love you, Jesus
Happy birthday!!
thank you for all the times you've made me feel better through your work! Have a great day
He wants you to have a great day, everyday Thank youu
Adore them all...
Great!
goodnight everyone
is dropping some of the greatest tweets in history today. So thankful to have her in my life!
Congratulations on your convocation . Proud of you and super happy for you
Fechamento
Favvveee thing to do w/
France and white Youngblood hoodie
Thank you so much for doing this you are so adorable
Never tried Tofu at all
My beautiful babes
Jai Balayya
So wronggggggt that i fumble your heart
Great pic. HAPPY BIRTHDAY HANDSOME. SEXIEST 61 YR OLD ALIVE
THE LOVE I HAVE FOR U
Pple is like a Orchard you give it water when you Nurture it it Flourishes when Spring Come's Once a
Yay! Thank you so much
congratulations on 1M on IG
Lubyyy Sunday
LiveMe-Live broadcasting community
Featuring our rat, Texas
thank you for all the times you've made me feel better through your work! Have a great day
Kids spreading Kindness so Adulrs can follow their lead.Can't this more!
happy birthday
Lo amoooooooo
I was there ... well, maybe 70s
Love
A veces los quiero
??? Hello??? YOU ARE OK WITH THIS SECRET SERVICE AND HOMELAND SECURITY??? WE THE
rum rage is noice
Holaa
Louis has helped me through so much, he saved my life and I truly know where I would be without him :(
i love you babes
Audrey hey cousin
HAHAHAHAHHA NA MOVE BABE OWEMGE YEHEY THANKS BTW
Now Bout to get ready to link up with my best bitch Tessa
awe I love u forever
Love to you, Tanis
Keep that beautiful smile always
speechless sis but alhamdulillah rian has got nothing to hide from me
i hope you follow him to enjoy his voice
YouTube:
Still in the low stage
I will thank you it is amazing
Lovely afternoon, thank you for arranging it
Awesome
Yes you right. One Day In Autumn masternim is an Angel
La du Paradis
WHAT I NEEDEED, la best
Nope. Your fave getting crowned this evening . congrats
My daddy brought me another key while I was sleeping yesterday now he complaining but idc back on the road bitches
Masha Allah. Meray pas bs wo bachpan ko cutoo snaps hain. :D she is adorable.
This is so sweet. Love you guys Happy 21st D!
Beautiful
Happy Birthday to my everything..! been almost 14 years, happy I have you in my life, ask for
Iloveyou so much ateng
The Alien
best idol
These are My happiness
My vote goes for Yanga what a performance
i hope you follow him to enjoy his voice
YouTube:
Had a blast at Halloweekends with the ladies HalloWeekends at Cedar Point Fans
They own my entire
is harriet in it a lot this week?
Congratulations to you
~
we can both do that together
LFC lads doing well at Rangers. Under greatest Steven Gerrard.
I updated my blog. Please read and share
| King/Queen!
Andrew Walker amigo da Emily postou esta foto em seu Instagram.
"Reis e Rainhas."
is the best and my favorite pokemon site to learn new stuff thank you for everything man keep up the good work
With butter and soy sauce I will eat so much that way
Mon gros
this week made me realize choosing to attend Tuskegee was one of the best decisions I made.
Proud of you
Everyone check out her new website
handsome
Also I realised that I'm late but I just saw that PC commented on Deepika's photo awwwe
Happy B-day, princess
Finally
Happy birthday to my hardworking leader I love you so muchhh
Riyadh noon today .
Cute bhi hain dono
Love this
Buenos dias
An amazing example to us all
Amei que a cheryl , archie e Betty serpentes agr
All facts
thank you for all the times you've made me feel better through your work! Have a great day
0506 021 13 43 escort
foto terbaik sih ini memang
I really really lili love u
My favorite ppl thread
Hey you + I. Always and forever . Have a great Sunday. xoxo
It was beautiful
I liked a video TENDREMOS HIJOS? P&R *SIN HABLAR* con SAYOYYI
I'm so blessed it hurts my heart, never in a million years would I think I'd feel this happy.. Life is amazing, God is LOVE
Whom shall I be afraid
Seguidor de RN kakakaka
Noooo cause then definitely too far away BUT I support you either way haha
The Catch. Dwight Clark
You Guys Deserve It
Bang hot babes
bbw creampie cum+inside sex massage video gets tugging
Thanks love
I love you so much my baby girl.
Oh nan
Un grand oui
Happy Sunday dear Kathleen and All!
What a beautiful video of our newlyweds Laura and Michael Thank you to the talented Stephen
Beautiful
LA MEJOR! TE MERECES CONOCER A
I think it's they would both
But I agree say that
absolutely amazing!
Shut up Commies! We Trump
Cute girls taking car selfies are driving us into the weekend (32 Photos)
Happy one year love
Congratulations beautiful
I trade my new peace for anything
Cheers to Varanasi Squad
You know it and we gonna keep watching it it was the sweetest video ever and it even made us cry
Thanks so much!! Please do!
Chanwoo posted his birthday greeting to hanbin with the parents aka hanbin jinhwan and yunhyeong
having Sushi tonight
This makes me very happy indeed
Dooley MUFC4LIFE, Thanks for the follow and please feel free to RT and our pictures.
thank you so much omg. ily
Get my number free on and send me some messages be on all day
Woke bardigang
Happy birthday, little Stefan
hey dude thank you so much!
Such a beautiful, touching way to remember all the children
Joon was so stressed and continued to rehearse his speech. He did an amazing job in the end
Married 52 years today! Happy Anniversary
muchas felicidades
Sasha!
Love you and thanks for making birthday special
Don't worry baby i voted
I love this hair on you
proud of you tilda!!
Picture of the century , using as my DP , wallpaper... much loved
Without a Doubt
Can We Get First Look From On Her Birthday Pls Sir
HBD PARINEETI CHOPRA
Tennis & Church
Is a great way to start any and all
Courage
I just started watching and I Chidi so much!
Ive always been proud of you
stay here today tomorrow n always
The comments on this are KILLING me!
I love you
the people is happy. thank you for blessing us
came through to Pop up light night .. Lagos with Love
Watch broadcast: Around 30K hearts to Reach 3 Million! Thanks Everyone!
glad to hear it yeah I'm good too thank you
Soy yo y todos mis defectos
Happy birthday to my mother
Tag Is Nearly 925K+ Tweets..! Lets Make it 1M.. By Tweeting with Tag Tmr...!
Yessss way lol awesome
watching it right now lol
[ 11 Safar 1440 ]
Holy Rain in Holy Karbala
Shout out big bro brenk
Thank you
My bullet journal (so far)
i hope you follow him to enjoy his voice
YouTube:
Seeing my sister and Tod be parents literally melt my heart. They are one cute happy family and are goalllls
HOGA BHAI
Trust Sir
omg 2 years today i love you forever and always!!! thank u so much for always make me so happy
still here okurr.
And he is your friend
Set the sun version! Thank you for this GA
Thanks Erin.
LIVE Call Of Duty - Black Ops 4 - Chilling Stream - PC Gameplay - COD BO4
Wishing you the best
For sure Gabrielle! We will be rewarded
sone naeun, sending flowers to taeyeon, Im too in love
VA:
FL:
SD:
RI:
From her point of view, he's pretty plain looks-wise. No mutation,
You got this babes! I love you
Just Love
It's okay because we still have each other
Hope everything goes Well. I pray for you and your Family
Valentine
This year you're mine xSalmaQ8!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Always thankful to my creator for his mercy my lovely birthday cake
Jarry Jarry Jarry all the time all the way
I love you all. I'll fight for you all too. Count me in on this tweet.
Valentine
This year you're mine 7odk4!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
omgg
Beautiful, honest, effortless, RELATABLE women of color. Representation matters.
6LACK - Pretty Little Fears
Edi chalu maku...
Finally....
JUNG JOONYOUNG REALLY LIKE CHA TAEHYUN SO MUCH ASDFGHJK THEY ARE MY PARTNERS FOR LIFE IN DON'T FIGHT
This is sooo beautiful
10 FAVS & TE LLEGA ALGO AL MD!
Incha'Allah
be prouder of these two...qualified for Boston on first marathon
Even if we are not together you will always be my favorite friend and I always will be here for you, god bless you sweetheart
Church was good
Call center agent x Barangay SK official x Cell Leader
Next year madaragdagan pa yan ng
STUDENT
Happy birthday to your sweet boy! believe one!
What a lovely time that was when Jjong would ask fansites for the original photos that cleavage...
from landian to seryosohan
OMG 7 weeks!!!! Getting close now eeekkkkk
Thanks fam much love
MIRA JUAN MANUEL PADILLA CANO SI SIENTES ALGO POR GABY POR QUE CHINGAOS NO TE LE PINSHIS DECLARAS TE AMO ME ALTERE
Best feeling ever:
Hearing your parents sing their theme song
She's consistently amazing.
Ali and Baba
Goals MA
The connect
I liked a video Learn Colors Balance Bike Family Vlog Playground Fun Try
I will thanks cee
so happy for you
Thank you for this incredible year
Go, Noodles!
Thank you bby
Mi chiquis
I love the after rain breeze
Eu amo
am proud of RoadTrip sosososo much
booa tardee !!
Happy 20th Birthday to my bestfriend since I love you
yeah of course
My family
Joseph Mackila Alias Mackib
Mack Cathy
Aimerance Mackila
Kethia Mack
Angel Mack
Mackila
Much love to you family genuinely appreciated bro link soon g!
Thank you so much that means a lot
Thanks em! Love you
Valentine
This year you're mine renad_7i!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
i love (1) sweet in love funny,iconic merried couple look them, my dad and mom are so beautiful i love them
I will, Brother Bear. Awww shucks! Love you!!
Love you Kc
That double chin
Gees, what am I suppose to say then, you look great
The Goonies is one of my favourite movies
had to vote for my favourite
LOVE this couple. So adorable and Meghan is beautiful
I'll follow you if you follow OneMoreComedy right now
Happy bday Belle!!! Girl, she is so lucky to have you! I hope she had a super fun day
Halloween Classic XLV + Spialek Family Gathering
Fingers crossed
him made a month today my mean lil bby
Want to Earn a Living from Home? Work-at-Home School is Here!
Watching his little brother play
Liam is THAT role model we all love
Lol sho is thank you. we gone invite you to the wedding
January is the best month ever
My first love. The group that got me into kpop.
My heart
I would explain how much chloe means to me but it would last forever My favorite person
Damn straight (in a very gay way) I love you all.
Thank you!
Ur like a lil baby from when she dyed hers pink and cut it short I love it so much!
I am the one who is thanking you ! Friday was the best day of my life thanks to you ! I never
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my gorgeous gravy loving friend hope lit
Bro I watched that movie yet, watch with me
thank you. love and miss you too.
[181021] Good Night!
BDN
good morning baby, hope you have an amazing day!
Vodka x berry iced tea
Valentine
This year you're mine btskkimth!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
never understand why God blessed me with two beautiful babies, but always be thankful.
My bf and I make 1 year tomorrow. Fastest year of my life. Time flies when having fun huh
I love you so much, even if never see this still tweet it
wow, I needed this right now! thank you!
Someone have a Halloween party
thank youuu
yes pls!!
I wait for the future where I have my own house with my wife, married, traveled, and living my best life
What a beauty
GoodMornight self
The main theme hasn't stopped going round in my head in the past two days. I love it, it's everything a score should be
What kind of feelings?
All work, No play until January 2019.
Your thoughts?
UPDATED DAILY
Doubletap
Follow
Tag your friends
-
High tea in London Four Seasons. Loved
you ever do another book? Loved your first one ps follow me x
gorgeous as usual
10.21.18
Love that quote!
Good afternoon beautiful hope you have and is having a great day
Happy birthday to the best brother & leader kim hanbin~
Praying they will respond in love as they should.
Abanh sayang, pick jennie okayy
NO JAM BROs
Tan lindos MI VOPE
Everything's going to be okay *pats your back*
stay here today tomorrow n always
sandy tava maravilhosa ontem
Simply enormous loss to music. Thx for kind mention of my work in your yahoo essay. That book was a total labor of love
You was so pretty bby
Happy birthday Stephanie
I hope you have the best day xx
No thank you girl. You kill it
Awww Thank youu! He loves you too!
Juste parce que je fort
never forget the day you brought me an aux cord when i forgot mine at home.
Monte Conero, Marche (AN), Italy
A special place for me
Never seen ewa agoyin look so fine.
thank you for all the times you've made me feel better through your work! Have a great day
I love you to the moon and back em Peniche SuperTubos
Be Young and Love
THEY ARE LITERALLY COMING. OMG IM SO HAPPY WHEN I SAW THIS ON MY TIMELINE. FINALLY EXO!
JAANLEVA
Anyone can see his genuineness nd honesty through d way he smiles
Such a GEM
To my favorite awkward quail...
iKON's genius leader, Happiest Birthday KIM HANBIN!
Bday da Gleyce.
That video was so heart warming. You honestly see pure love like that anymore!
Happy birthday luv
sometimes I just wanna love tf out this girl then other times I just wanna punch tf out of ha
Via
She thinks a pushover. not about to let her push
Taming Tori
thank you for all the times you've made me feel better through your work! Have a great day
Natalia siendo amor con Damion
I S I R J A Y P E E
HAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAAAHHAHAHAH
like this tweet for a like spam make sure you actually have tweets & pay me dust x (armys only)
absolutely!
thank YOU so much Kisu 049
thankyou for all the loves tonight
Yay! welcome. So happy to hear you enjoyed
So beautiful and such a great couple. Both of you are so amazing! So happy for you!
proud of u always
thank you for all the times you've made me feel better through your work! Have a great day
Not very good pictures. Date night
Love this guy
Mirror mirror on the wall, who is the cutest dog of them all?
will you ever do another book? Loved your first one ps follow me x
Nah they are beautiful
stay here today tomorrow n always
Good night Everyone
Stay Happy Always
Take care
Sweet Dreams
your dog is adorable, i love him, good sunday
No matter how angry we are , we always end up forgiving the person we LOVE
So proud
De ontem
Great job guys! You are awesome!
Venom in my ass
literally such a beaut like omgggggggg
Are you happy how your new song it's As here it's all in an awww as that beautiful
Jo aankhon se......
(new lyrics)
I miss you so much :(
Thumbnail for fun
RT and Like for apprecied
Send your
When you choose your family, your family becomes so beautiful I hope all of my friends know that I am here to
Follow, I follow back.
Imy2
Mais uma de ontem
Deu bom
You know ILY
I am infatuated with you too
praisethelourd:
thank you for all the times you've made me feel better through your work! Have a great day
No hard feelings bro.
Be strong girl. a hard day and a hard loss. Thinking of you
baby-face
You showing me potential, so I got you, believe that
ur the best
and i love it
i love u
Happy birthday Will , I love your negativity. Keep it up
so happy for you
thank you !
Love this
Enjoy your food and Sunday night as well Lem!
Feliz ma
Header with family
We did good guys keep up with work
Omg wow yes!!
This what she look like with them arms
I Love You
I love them so much
TY!
It did come back on in record time! Thanks,
People loves u
Valentine
This year you're mine renad_7i!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Say it and we will turn your dreams into a reality
Made to order only
Contact Zamiwe on 0979108826 for a quote
You're the the one who abuse him we just showing our... deep love
Sunday
and you think ugly
I been gone ever since I swear he would never have to ask for anything .. let me cater to you
Thankgod for this perso
All of these stars will guide us home
Te amo mi vida
Love the picture !!! Please take picture of my boy with your kids of you see them
DESERVE IT I LOVE AND THE REST OF THE SQUAD SO MUCH! THANK YOU FOR BEING SUCH HUGE INSPIRATIONS IN
Thanks Honor
Thank you for Simply breathtaking and beautiful!
The pumpkin witch has finally made us give a crud about Halloween!
Best of luck princess
An honour to have been involved with this yesterday
Had the best time in Italy with my
so strong, so brave, and so loved. Keep on letting your bright, beautiful light shine.
Much love for you girl thank you
No matter if we on good terms or bad terms , relationship or no relationship that boy will always be the one to have my heart
much love x :)
keep a tab open would make my day or any hosts anything like that
should come with a pause button
Happy birthday our beloved leader. Keep inspire ikonic with ur song. ISTG I u so much. All I wish is ur
You guys really saved me thank you
nothin like a best friend talking sense into u over a 2 hour call
Happy birthday beautiful boy
Gorgeous birthday flowers from my better half the boy did good
Magnifique
Idk whether I've ever watch any of your VM before or not. But this one is truly fantastic! The BEST ADIYA VM.
Sheldon
thank you for all the times you've made me feel better through your work! Have a great day
Lol. Thanks ! had a blast ! Wish I could have stayed longer
With wine
Valentine
This year you're mine liiiill_0!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Congratulations baby cakes!!!!
I love this cover so much.
She was going through so much but was still able to put a smile on his face.
He makes me laugh so much and I smile anytime he's around
Shoutout to the ones who know my heart is in the right place even when my mind it all over the place Thank you for seeing my heart
6
We love our Doug
thankyou
exactly. Ily
A guy whose not yours let you man find you
Wonderful weekend for the girls this weekend!
Beautiful JD and Autumn went off to their new homes, and the
Also, your videos are very helpful! Thank you for all your tutorials, tips and everything
Deanna Good luck and God bless you always. Till next time!
Thalapathy
Special. What a journey.
I love you. Always will
Mi hermosa Lassie
TU ES UNE MAGNIFIQUE PERSONNE ALORS JE TE SOUHAITE TOUS LE BONHEUR DU MONDE !
Yes They do drive us crazy but love them the way they are
thank you for all the times you've made me feel better through your work! Have a great day
talking about the times told us not to fight or make enemies.
I get so exited about football
Bayley!
Wahhhhh
Yes Proud of you, T!!
Too just talk
not that evil
or am I ?
thank you for all the times you've made me feel better through your work! Have a great day
Meus
Bang hot babes
amateur cumshots hard huge natural tits korea sex mom pov
Incredible!
Ahh too kind
Thanks cheeb
Thank you, hon My heart hurts so much
Thousands thanks to everyone who became the backbone of this success including my team muhibbin
pls retweet and show my thoughtful girlfriend and i some love
just to credit for the gif, I only put the audio on top
Signed. May he rest in peace
No problem. I know how hard you worked on this game, though!
The positivity in this thread! Deepu is a gem and so is Baba and they have both found the best soulmates in
Yes, I know the place
De ontem com meu amor
Hanbinah, youre trending everywhere
( this gif) but thank you
This
favorite author bae
Like and Retweet us.
Like us.
And the truth!
The weirdest weird thing is I totally miss him too and never even met him. Askies and Belated Happy Birthday Zenande
Valentine
This year you're mine lkulud!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Amando cada fotinha
A beautiful song reminding us: Love break everything but it fade away so easily...
I'm happy you do hun So do I
He's so confident and unapologetically himself
Mi vida entera
Chilling out weekend break
Red Sox
Tonight at Srila House
Manchester United
Shoutout to the ones who know my heart is in the right place even when my mind is all over the place Thank you for seeing my heart
Micky ya tienes 23! Jos Canela
Big up
happy birthday I love you so much, thank you for being the person you are today! Have a wonderful day beautiful
True Love is Allah. in Love with Him!
Indeed. Makes me so happy when i hear something like that
these warm words, i feel content for tonight
Adorable Then
Exquisite Now
Favorite Sunday thing: Reading books with mom.
Side note: You WANT to rub the belly...don't
Stumbled on this ABSOLUTE gem of a game thanks to hubby . Character just walked into my dream
- this is hella dope & sounds so helpful to keeping the relationship healthy!! keep this in mind.
Sisters!
CHIEFS!
Bless, that's too cute
Cool
quite the lady our Gracie.
Therapy Fair for Special Needs
Same to you Hun, message me anytime
I'm so proud of you.
Patulong sa Merch! scamming
I miss you ate at kuya ko
Thanks Baby
Alpaca California Golden Girl getting a kiss off Sacramento Skye
You're welcome!
Love you all so much
Enjoy you pervs !
he gets better and better
Malagor looks cute
As gigis no
You two
I have the best friends ever
Thank you
Buenos dias
to more days just like this! Friends, dogs & adventures
I love you
Captain Hook and Princess Aurora
Sadly that didn't last
Alia and Deepika sung Channa Mereya beautifully
Thank you i appreciate it
Up in the sky with tomcarkey
Follow your dreams... Xx
I Marina's voice. Very much.
This is a truly fantastic song.
"Disconnected" by Marina and the Diamonds and
Isn't she lovely
Oh I needed this. Thank you
I see Tajae everyday and she makes my day better every time.
"Mastermind" LOVE that hoodie on Louis!
Hace un me dieron a Altuve.
Sending you love and light
ahora esperar hasta el 17 de Nov
Love is love
last night was funny asf ok I love my friends
This was fun to read again! "ADAM LAMBERT: Best Male Pop Vocal Performance"
Hi girl, you are so sweet and I like to talk with you Awww uh are also sweet
Hayi at a price still
Thank you for coming! Didn't expect that. See u again on my convocation day. InsyaAllah
is our birthday into Heaven. current status of my heart over on insta.
My favorite video on the Internet right now
Thank you so much! Thanks for joining!
AHHH THANKYOUUUU, PLS FIX IT ASAP
Jao Dhond lu Mujhse Acha Dost,
Mil jay tw Khush Rehna
Na Mile tw Doob Marna
happy birthday cristi
This week is too touching ! That respect towards her parents is speechless good work
Happy Birthday to the one and only
Beautiful shot in the sunshine! I like it
Every time I talk to Jaleel , Sierra Or Aunt Nahahme they soothe my heart boy I miss you
thank you for all the times you've made me feel better through your work! Have a great day
a lazy Sunday morning for this pup!
.
Stillwater, Oklahoma
Aww Jaz thank you
Tbh you are the first who thinks I could really reach my dream and again thank you for believing in me
Sadi Bomb Kuri
Nyccc Shorts Dress
Youth ( Creds IG Liv.scribner)
I the frame
Segui
20% of the votes will come to SNS or Social Media votes/engagements.
Shen Yue is that kind of girl..
Dear all,
I love you. Always will
This summer was a rollercoaster of emotions Our Catching Buttefflies remix is OUT NOW
a day well spent again, it is tyL
I love him with my whole
Put God First in your relationship, true love
Baby
is back
Big shout to for helping us out massively decorating the new house today, proper keepers my friends are fair play
what a look!!
Made a new friend today
You're good broski!
Thank you!!!!
He used to like decorating his house for Halloween.
Lyssa really came in here playing the halloween music & we literally started dancing to it i hate us
A passion to each other
You're perfect
An angel
A king
Love you
Siyah-Beyaz gibi
Philippe Coutinho, Aine Coutinho, Maria Coutinho, Esmeralda Coutinho
I pray for the people I love.
happy birthday chloe<3 thanks for being our team comedian love ya long time!! have an amazing day!
I have a Diverse group of friends! to them all!
I follow back Instantly
Follow me
Sharing with
I'm so sorry for your loss. Hugs and healing to you.
Keep going beaut
Yesterday was perfect St Ignatius of Antioch Church
got a heart for sale I need it HOCO SZN
I was so relieved to see this yesterday! I missed you bb
Hoy ganan mis
No1
My guy.
Talked to her the other day and she really told me some amazing advice. my heart surely do love her to
closer to my age and i had a message up for you but my phone died, the chili was good btw
Iti
Yaaaaa
Day 450 without alcohol, you can do it too
Morning
I love these guys man . Especially the man in the hoodie . His words mean the world when talking.
Mil vezes o Shay
This is beautiful
Amazing
Your Beauty is Unrelenting
LA MAYORIA DE CHICAS DESAPARECIDAS ESTAN BIEN, COMO TATI Y CAMI.
POR FAVOR, BUSQUEMOS A LAS OTRAS.
Nothing but winning tonight! FORZA MILAN PER SEMPRE
night baby
a top man, Goffy! We need to keep you going at all costs!
Hoooo interesting ;)
Love the fur pattern !
Bebu
My niggaaa
Happy Sunday
my guy trev. Cheers bro
coisa mais linda
superb awesome fun n loved it
Thank you for coming! We missed you here in Germany! See ya soon in Vegas
Expections :
Pic 1 : Expected Spectacular Speech from NTR
Poor Reality :
Pic 2 : Ended Up with Comedy
HELL YEAH, THATS HOW WE ROLL
Another babe looking and feeling healthy. Results lie well done
"If a friendship lasts longer than 7 years, psychologists say it will last a lifetime"
Mau has brainwashed me
All the best unnie you can do it
I know I woke up at 4am cause my Great Grandma was looking over me after my special day. I felt you my sweet lady
Of course! 10/10.
I NFL Sunday ticket !
Happy Birthday Hanbin (BI) saranghae
Thank you for the amazing memories you gave us in Amsterdam you guys made me experience a kind of happiness I
Pikachu mei tumhe chunta hu lovely pic dear
Well done toots. Hard work paying off
Kylie me jasmine add me I miss you
Best in the world
Away the most beautiful, if the proximity is like nowhere
Homecoming with my girls
Come to love you all I purple you#ARMYforever
Sundays are for lovers
Congratulations
The king of grinding is back ppl
I love you Josh
East Atlanta Love Letter is everything
Happiest of Birthdays to my beautiful daughter ! I love you sweet girl! cathserrao's photo
Pretty much the only coworker I liked quit and left me a card. gonna miss her
is amazing everyone check her out. Follow back plz
Boa monstro, sou seu mlk
SAREE *PURE RANGLOI CRAPE*
BLOUSE *BANGLORI SILK*
*SAREE WITH BEAUTIFUL PRINT AND BLOUSE WITH BEAUTIFUL WOOL
I came to feed my mum dinner and she ended up feeding me and my brother, a love is unparalleled
more thank welcome. Thank you for joining!
Thank you so much
Good to see you wearing a condom. Stay safe. Always.
excited to watch these guys play! True legends of the game
Encantadia ng South Korea
Dms are open if anyone ever needs to talk
this is so cute
obang_ii
I forgot about amc fear fest
I Country
I know that it will be ok soon
Courage sis! here if you need
Pure gold
I love sucking cocks under the table
don't rush, no pressure
my birthday witches!!
Yay!
Thank you Lord for this day please guide my family always
Awww our lovebirds in Vegas at the charity event
.
.
.
My hero
Aww I just love him....
Watching Black Panther in bed with lots of snacks. Perfect way to finish the weekend
Katniss adotamos
Eu tbm amo vc
joined as overall lead
Congratulations on your new family member
Sorry for not updating yesterday been sick the last few days and I really needed some sleep Thanks for understanding
This makes me so sad :( so sorry
We always put those we love before travel
My girl Regina really special
Seeing Venom with today
I still remember the feeling i felt when i first started talking to you
I gonna see Venom again AND I AM SO EXCITED!!!! I was thinking about the Spider-Man series I used to watch
My favorite budget-friendly lace midi dress!
Thank you!!!
Mention ur favorite people on Twitter
My husband says it all the time.
Thanks
No belt or bag is worth THIS suffering has a powerful message on
Always stay humble and kind.
Lewis en millieee
Sore throat remedy???
use Sarah G trusted brand
Make it, Kamillosan Spray.
Throat Care the
Loveee this thread
Looks like the boy from Doo Doos Revenge, nice gif
I will love the end
Ouki fais attention a toi
[ Life In Liverpool ]
For More Amazing Photos & Photographers Check Out Our Instagram Page
naw thank you so sweet
Aww they are beautiful! it was lovely to see you again today :) xxx
jeoncooky: biggest fan Bonus:
Gracias baby Karyy
I them
This tweet, "RT yoonginietyy: [ BTS 4th MUSTER ]
WW
6 WINNERS
[ RULES ]
RT &amp; LIKE TO ENTER
mdsssss
Promotes Health
Pueraria Mirifica 500mg 100 Capsules
Buy It Now
Let them do whatever they want
Turn my notifications
FOLLOW everyone who RETWEETS + this
Good fucking evening
do Davi
Ignacio Anaya - one of the greatest men alive - the inventor...of the nacho.
Get Up & Enjoy Life .
These two need to stop teasing us all! You can catch up again on the latest from our mums tonight at 8pm
00:00
Yes, all the groups indeed
Wonderful
We missed you.
Come Back To Brazil Shania
THANYKOUUUU MY ANOTHER VIRTUAL SISTUR
AMINNNNNNNNN
LOPLOP KA LIAAA
amin amin amin
Once
Trying to give someone the world but you know these females be playing to much
oh :( thanks
'Cause darling without you
All the shine of a thousand spotlights
All the stars we steal from the nightsky
Will never be enough
Athellam Ella beach kum poiruken but not enough, I've to live beside beach forever
this is what I need
You stole my heart, and i stole your last name
Aain
I miss
our Ice Dance Teams after RD
1st Madison HUBBELL / Zachary DONOHUE
2nd Tiffani
Thank You Lord
11 months with my girl I love you
Dois barris. Anjinho
FELIZ KIM HANBIN
Definitely it's what I love about them besides making incredible music they are so lovely and heart
I wait to see you all!
The most beautiful thing(s) about
Her spirit
Her brilliance
Her style
Her smile
Her of life &
I Marina's voice. Very much.
This is a truly fantastic song.
"Disconnect" by Marina and the Diamonds and
happy birthday PERIOD.
I really hope Brendan gets through tonight he deserves this so much
At we love nothing more than to be a part of your special day. Call and speak with our catering
I just hope has a damn good day today
happiness also you guys should click the like in my bio
thank you for this
(ignore my voice I was excited)
We really do love bread though
I U
It went down a treat
thanks
Mi mami y mis hermanas...love u
We Coach Moe.
Hit if you want to see in the shower today!
Che ansia, Brownie!!
ANDIAMO A SPACCARE I CULI
I love so much my wonderful kids , Alessandro and Sarah My happiness I am a blessed and proud mom
Tag someone who has fire in her soul and grace in her heart!
NASAAAA TEASER NA NG EXO SI LAAAAAY WAH MII HEARTEUU
Galbey more
Compraria 2 m&m's y 1 skwinkles
thank you for the
Enjoy... thoroughly.
Im watching boo
Tis' a lovely date "knight" out for
Feel free to send us your selfies, so you can be
Ohana Mahaalo has just released this fall/winter collection with body creams, hand creams and fragrances The
Now let me show you the shape of my heart
One of the best concerts I've ever been to. National Stadium,
Both heartwarming and heartbreaking tears after reading this and watching the video clips.
Happy birthday my loves thank you for shining and letting everything go well with iKON
This man owns my heart
Done Followed, Liked & Shared.
True
Thank you so much to talktosomeone who is another New Friend on Twitter! I hope you enjoy my Tweets
Ok na note pannikren bae. Thanks
Zoo with my second family
go to Nashville soon I promise
We can ruuule the woooorrrrlld!!
Follow
Interactive
Zabardast tweets
Follow karein sawab kamain
Follow back bhi agar follow
Playlist
it be the perfect crime, if I stole your heart and you stole
The beautiful traditional
when i saw little mix and met them back in 2013
Nothing beats a smile full of hope! "Enjoy your day" from sweet Nayelli in Honduras!
He should be made captain never said a bad word about our club or said he wants to
So glad we got the chance to catch up after ehem 16 years hahaha! Thanks for being my lappy's second mom I
I want to cum on your pretty face
If you ever need an ear, here
Homecoming did me good
I'm so proud of for this
*round of applause that never ends*
Liam is such a decent man and a truly
Suas
JDJDHDJD ok baby, thank you so much I love you AND THE BULLYING IS OUT OF LOVE!
AZURE CONFERENCE 2018
"It is not I who chose my children, it is they - who have chosen me."~ father
We Barcellona
Meet Serena favorite is the Floral Earl Grey because
Temptation - Heaven 17
There are people and places that make you feel at home
Precious smile
Reshare from 2016
~MoonRaven~
My familiar is a silver grey tabby ...... Much love, Lulu Belle x Image Source
had an amazing day representing at today. I meeting everyone!
Be grateful for what you have and work for what you want.
Is it ok still writing to you? I made a potato soup and as I let burn last Friday (again) one
Haha thanks
That is just fabuloso!
Cassssual per usual
Only for you these pretty flowers
00:00
mwah
Congratulations you guys
This is too cute me and my best friend
send me some questions!! I want to get to know my mutuals more
Tag Is Nearly 925K+ Tweets..! Lets Make it 1M.. By Tweeting with Tag Tmr...!
OT9
crying like a baby
We Are One
God bless you God loves you
Love the NBA ITS ALL GOOD
Baby
I love this quote
on 341
Best Sunday game is now on!! Go
that this game is in
Wow you are look absolutely stunning
Sunday cleaning , cooking & family time
Happy football Sunday
so proud of you for finally speaking your truth. Everyone deserves to feel free. glad you finally do
YOU NEED FOLLOWERS
Hoy ganan mis
I already have endless thins to be thankful for to God. Then I met Seventeen almost 3 years ago, I now have 13 more to be thankful for.
C: I have everything I have ever wanted. And I do not intend on letting it go.
S: Neither do I.
The only ones I live for is my nieces and nephews! If anyone has my heart they do! been blessed with the best!
We are open with our 3 Sunday Resident Queens:
6.30pm
8.30pm
our Ice Dance Teams after RD
1st Madison HUBBELL / Zachary DONOHUE
2nd Tiffani
Bruh you Are cute person Your Header is lit Classy disay
Excactly!
I'm proud that you're my idol You have such a pure and kind heart
YesMonsters can fly
.
little Monster Dom
Facebook Dom Petch
; in less than hour we'll get to see our baby's
wow, my handsome king! I love you
rather pay make memories than buy materialistic things any day!
I Lucy; I am grateful Lucille Ball brilliantly reminds us to choose more self-love or love over fear, 'I have
Merci merci
going to be great!
I dont wallahe
Love you too!
Goodnight baby labyu!!!
She so pretty boo
hi, may i know the price of entrance to go in NOF6? thanks
me n my girl in disney
Valentine
This year you're mine iinufii!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
bom
Hello From vittorio Emanueie II
Rome
S/o to Joe Pritchard
Tava c saudade.. minha Bibi
Awh I was enjoying your fics But I understand if you cant continue, take care of yourself!
Love you Han
I love you with all my
recycled
Listen and share with your friends if a fan
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to the baddest bitch out their I miss you soo much merc Hope your 20th birthday is amazing
This is stunning Paula, WOW this is gorgeous.
I love you so much hay thank you beautiful.
all day all night be by your side
Thanks
So sweet you are to her
Yes mam I will.
This is what Democracy looks like
NEW COVER: WAVES by Mr Probz > RT
Day1
Placing an order TODAY!!!! Let me know by 2:00pm mst if you need anything!!!!
Eu amo essa tropa
Hoping to see the cast of
Life would be so bums without you
I live for
Rondo! CP3 half the Point Guard is!
QUE FINAL DE SEMANA, TO MT FELIZ
And I'm your skinhead and it's not a crime
That tough guys need someone
Music - the heart of the house
love
My Whole Heart In One Picture
be his pain he had enough peace
thank you sm princess i wait to have more fun!!
NO CREZCAS MAS
I love but I love it more when I listen version of it
iKON
been happy af , these past few days have been so great me and im glad im back on track .
CHEWINGUM TV ;-) .....GIOVANI DI TALENTO !!!
CHIARA GIOVANELLI EMOZIONI !!! (Lucio Battisti)
Su
sleep
have to work
yessssssssssss, i love you -blushing
It kinda went from to sadly.
hermosa
[ BTS V & Rap Monster ]
- 4 O'clock 8D
( )
Happy o menino da vivo
my kind boi :')
In love with my Chilli.
Anything is possible. Even in pups
Thanks again Rose and friends
Aw congrats !!!! So proud of you
New music out OCTOBER 20
. [21-10-18]
ig stories
Great photos James.
Bailey is your sexy fitness inspiration and motivation (35 Photos)
Happy birthday Hope you stay away from the toilet seats and make sure to use your good hand!!
Thankyou for this ga
Buoy is just the cutest, yes.
My first born king
Missing you so much, my love
MCKAY
Two incredible, powerful, intelligent women that I look up to.
God he looks so good skskskskms
Good to know! Thank you
I believe that * old is gold *
so far away, yet always there
this is making me emo idk how many times tweeted hbd but happy birthday my love
proud of you always
Stay happy wherever you go
1am thoughts about you and you even know it.
Happy birthday, sweetheart!
Fofa
Holy shit just look at her wow l9okikg damn good
Hey peeps we need your help!
We'd like to know a few things from you. Click here
and Chitra's part also
I feel the same way missing old days I feel like I'm revisiting them with new insight
boyfriend
Happy birthday babe make this day a happy day i love you
Everywhere
welcome to my new twitter.
Love you
first song ever streaming on all platforms show me sum luv
Thank you ate
Incredible performance from you on Train keep it up
I love you too my baby
I am here for every trans person today
Very good article.. profoundly accurate
Happy 21st buddy. Thanks for being my best friend love you dude
How Gorgeous Is My Girlfriend!
I know for a FACT Cooley stepping
Hope you have a good day, love you
If you love me let me know babeh
Inside out // 5H
My mom is proud and in love with me if nobody else is She did great!
Love you too! So much.
late midnight coffee date after long drive
You deserve it! I love your channel. always so positive & I need a little of that in my day 100k here you come!
alright
Brother
so nice out
this is so beautiful and heartwarming
Kris Lawrence
Sou um bebe mesmo
jeliyfish: (via We It)
My dad and I went on a father daughter date and it was so fun.
...and watching you bloom is one of the most beautiful things in the world
Sorry
you listen so well
Really well done
Come and hang out with the amazing friend is norm love ya face
It means a lot
Congratulations Darling
When they announcing Prabhas as best actor, ht
I love that!! so bloody true
Joined
Awesome
LOTR: Fellowship of the Rings.
is legit couple goals Dream couple
Omg
Haaay :'3
Siempre me haces TwT
Illustrator
what about your date??? i don't want you to skip out on that! i think i can take care of myself for a day
Look at my pictures! I love all this, my photos, the series, the meredith and you!
thank you so much BTS for this amazing night, one of the best show i ever went to! Really you guys are amazing
hhnnnggg mommy forget to stream on the 23rd
such a slut for talking to him Loads of love
Another classy poster
s much awaited Movie
Telugu pre release
Happy anniversary Joanne still so in love with this record. An instant classic thank you for such
Cheeky who just woke up from her nap. Love vizsla puppies!
Exactly! I also think Lou T did a better job with his curls. The in-between stage is tough. But still adorable
Happy B.I.rthday
You know you mean so much for us.
Keep making good music.
Still handsome jajaja
And
Happy Birthday my angel
00.00 still loving you
Schick Schock, Softdrink, Sneakers4free
you
oh well thank you love
Muito bonitinho..
The jack;)
Thank you for joining, once again!
happy birthday in heaven bes!!
I would never do such a thing
I Aff
yk wjt starting se he ache lgte the cause tm larkion k bht respect krte ho
I feel so honoured that even on your death bed you want me to slay you
I love your mother.
A lovely song from a lovely lady, good luck with the new album, looking forward to listening to it
From langgam view to gaano-kaclose-Sir na view huhuhu I'll always support u mah precious beebo
Happy Friendaversary beautiful
Woke up this morning breathing and with a beating heart, so today is a freaking beautiful day
YES
My are always for my bestfriend
HBD
Maybe I don't know you very much, but I wanted to make you happy
Good evening Pacefamilee
also deserve to love & be loved i hope shes find what her desire i wish & prays to GOD
Rainbows and sunset West Hallam
if by "car" you mean "hand" and by "hit" you mean "hold" then me bitch
VA:
FL:
SD:
RI:
Seiko's crush on 'Roza-chan' is very
the vampire diaries
Ellas
Aw. Thank you. Maybe I'll try opening it at the computer! You're a blessing
I die...and get back to live... And my soul glows with warm light
Spent my weekend at the conference! What a great event! You should attend next year.
see you in about a month though
Mami-miss ko kayo, soooobra!
Thank you!!!
Thangs get better always, love you!!
So much 4 fans bettin with
The fact that you look like this in person, if not prettier
Hoyo
My cats are so dom lmao
Sleepyhead
My king
Tranquila Jessitoo tqmm
Hot tomato soup and grilled cheese.....be still my
,
Merci bts you made October 20th the best day of my life
go
Lord of the rings
love you long time, thank you
Thanks, Julioffski!
two weeks ago being baptized with my soulmate all through & by Gods grace, love & mercy XO
Thank God for today
& on S06 E02
Ditto.
Hugs
Back home to my lovely boy
KKKKKKK te amo
Thank you soo much for all the hard work you put. You are amazing
Thank you beautiful
thanks
My nephew has spent the whole week with us. going to miss seeing his little face after wrk . going back home today.
Hobo Johnson 22nd January
The moment you realize your worth, things begin to change
Home
Sweet sweet victory. Senior szn along with all my favorites
FORGET ! - parents are the real - for this, always going to have my love & respect
Like | Retweet | Comment
FollowUs for more Bible Updates
Seanie Really my sis
Thanks beautiful
Yet another reason I Fall!
Just gorgeous. Missing my island while working away.
Doctor Who.
"Whoever believes in Allah ,He will guide his HEART "
Quran - 64: 11.
Is he single?
Look at you both the epitome of black love
Te amo minha vida!
Like | Retweet | Comment
FollowUs for more Bible Updates
New fan pic of Dakota at the Event in Denver last night (Via lexilevin3)
Slept for 12 hours
Follow my Friends for more Hentai Content!
Princeton vs. Harvard football game. Dream big future scarlet hawks!
Exausta
kiligszxc sana ulll ehem HAHAHA charot
to !! trying my old artstyle and decided to use u beautiful. Hope you live it
Like | Retweet | Comment
FollowUs for more Bible Updates
Get you a friend like to help ya out when you need a love you you da best
Brother
NFL and NBA on the same day
My little
So DC comics
Yesterday was the bday of my sis
Miss you too Rubi miss my coffee date
Feliz viejita
despair not of relief from Allah . Indeed, no one despairs of relief from Allah
Our short trip to is unfortunately at the end is such a beautiful city And we are looking
so happy for myr she started her new job today things really been going good for her and I wait to see what else is in store
I this Houston sky today.
Happy birthday to Fiat
Binlerce kalp
Good morning BB
Thank you! I love brightening day. so sorry to hear that and I pray that everything will be okay.
tive a quem puxar hahahah
i love you with all ma hartttt
I am praying for you so hard, stay strong pretty girl
Went apple picking with today
Love spending time with my family!
Congrats
i will
Leona Lewis - Spirit. The whole album still a fave
I know, honey!
i know this girl and she that fr
Exactly! They are being blessed. They treat us fans like their bestfriends.
We adore you too little muffin
The screens on this tour are seriously the best Ed in Minneapolis last night!
Stop it lol
Cute
with Spino Artwork is the Seventh contest participant!
.
Leave a to vote him!
Darling~
Love you more
Me 3
I wish my mind thought the same thing. Thank you lovey
Yes to these red nails & edges
live!
i gave in and im making a person on east
playing maple story 2 for Variety Sunday!
This right here. I needed this.
If I say be there for you I really mean it
Love how your positive as all your songs
Thank you B.I
Happy birthday and everyday
Happy birthdaaaay to our one and only leaderbin! Be happy and I love you, always. uWuuuu
Larry
3 anos
Imma save it. Thanks
se eu amo? dmss
RT
Thank you very much ! I did all of your campaign
My username is LysRoseanne
Mon
Yorkshire pud success for Mr Davies again
Shawn is art
I love you forever baby girl
A&F
I mean im still here
Bajirao
Head up mini love you
Crazy how someone I met a few weeks ago has had such an impact on me, love you a lot
Never too early !!! They love it
Mapoas
Dirty and desperate
brigada princesa
Thankyou for this
Thats all the updates until break at work
Anyone is welcome
Off to see with the teenagers. Hoping to open their & stir their
THANK YOU ZAY much love king
Thank you!!
Omfg these are the moments I live for!!
(@ Mishref in Mishref, Al Asimah w/
blessed with the best roomies
Oru Oorula Oru
Stunning
in the end zone ALL night!
Hats or for the weekend? Trent for Spring 19 up, half down!! Hair by Shannon
Getting back to winning ways felt good this weekend with gals.. especially when Goose put her knee through my face
Ahh no :/ Hope to see you soon
I wish I met some people a little earlier and some Never at all
Absolute Legend! Now that is a hangout if like to crash
You're my perfect 9
Uma babe,
That was fun stop taking stuff seriously
It's ok if u want to give me this of this
No problem at all
It means your body needs more vitamin C! The vinegar in pickles helps your body absorb vitamin C more efficiently
w/you
"Gigi" Buffon
Nothing better than a football&beer date on a Sunday afternoon.
you deserve all the love & happines in this world, my love. happy birthday. i love you so much kim hanbin
Mines Independence Day
I'll always pray for you my friend...
Ameen! Love for that my bro fr
Truly a gem of a person KVB and we love you alot
THE MOMENT WE SAW THIS HEALING UNICORN!
ALL OUR WOUNDS WERE HEALED!!
ALL OUR WORRIES WENT FAR FAR AWAY!
I
9 years later.
thank you!!!!
I dunno if I can make a custom design tho qwq!!
Relations
It was so fun to have a little reunion
I'm waiting for the comeback, it's so exiting
Happy birthday to my mate
The only true book in the world, so yes I do too
My world
Saranghae, oppa Tonight, my dream of seeing a1 live came true. I've been wanting this since I saw
Kirrak party is my all time favorite movie anna love uh a lot
RT . message before the race
I'm retweeting it to a place called my heart
Poor baby
Absolute Legend! Now that is a hangout like to crash
Just love this man from the bottom of my heart
"Lord, You alone are faithful. Your Love pursues me and transforms my life. I need You daily; my is Yours. To
Happy 21st Hope you have a great day!
Fronton Bowl Photo by cayetanogsphoto 662mob empireboards
Fuck love living for the it will never disappoint me
meu amor
Now you are saying "ok" like you comprehend. Lol.
You've a long way to learn to be mental smart.
I can not sleep
Thankssss guyssss for prayer and congratulations
I'm doing well OMG I hope you're back to your sweet self The flu is horrible!!
What a monster
Thanks for noticing the great community spirit in Crickhowell neighbour, we Monmouthshire too
Sunday evening movie night
Ook jeugdsentiment
here's something nice to look at for a moment Don't forget to take the time to eat something, and get plenty
The most precious human in the world
This is almost on some zeus level stuff Drepz, whut have you become ;-;
Absolute queen
At my grandma house
Happy Birthday B. I.
mod.nelaserwacinska
fot.@_arekwozniak
w:
THANYKOUUUU MY ANOTHER VIRTUAL SISTUR
AMINNNNNNNNN
LOPLOP KA VIRANNNNN
amin amin amin
Once
were you a member of sweetaddy? i was known there as ghost i also love radiohead & elliott
Making me homesick. I absolutely love the fall.
Have a happy week and keep safe always sis Myes
Officially a mom... My baby is here
Goodnight~
TENKS BOO BOOO are you coming to her concert?!?
We have never been more in sync
Best thing when I get a random call from my dad telling me to go outside my flat and he suprises me with cake
Making me homesick. I absolutely love the fall.
BUT ur more than welcome to support the strike and at our Taco Tuesday night
Dans mon
I'm not a boy but I'm available I'm kidding love but I hope you find someone worth of your beautiful heart
Now this is something that pulls at your heart love this
I cannot wait to start a family. first things first is I need to leave Cleveland. I don't want to raise my kids
This is Christianity.
Love you bro
Feliz
Sr Jos
te amo tanto
I really cant wait to have my own apartment & have a friends dinner every Sunday
I immediately think of
Van Morrison- Thanks for the Information Enjoy!
Affordable high-quality products, join the wave journey Please RT & SHOP!
Last pics from yesterday
Happy birthday to this lady in this picture (a thread)
happy birthday big cheese see you soon
Fuck the haters!
What a great picture!
No want the HollowHead Skin?
Te amo
Always smile
I want to hug my mom
00.03 am
time to sleep and good night to you napeun namja
i love you
I think u are but yeah
a appreciation tweet to bless this bad day
We are "The Crackheads i stan till i die omg ily"
tomorrow my son and I get to finally see your awesomeness!!
Salman Shared His Dog Video Housemates Got Emotional after watching it...me tooFollow biggboss12fc for
only one straw.... said eight billion people. Plastic straws suck. The real killer . I the
Ahhh Cicero
Oh my heart.
I've been on loop with all of them including Fantastic Beasts just because Crimes of Grindelwald is coming soon!!!
It's a lie that's what
eu morro
a good day to love everybodyyyyyyyyyy
.@Abella_Danger sending you love
Putumayo Presents - Acoustic France
can't wait for your next live streaming!
I Bavarian brunch so much!
This album is so good!! I Love
here for you. this is a rehabilitation space, one heal without first recognising shame
I love
Loyalty loyalty loyalty
6
Showtime
TASSO HAM MAC N CHEESE. JUST ANOTHER WAY WE SHOW WE U! MoonShine - Modern Supper Club
I believe so too. We have tweeted the myself and hubby have adopted a kitty called Ruby.
Yeah I might have died, this concert was the best
Oh my , how I it so.. The lessons learned. My irrational fear of quicksand whenever I c a
Cute
Ciroc Sunday...bring on in Leeds on Thursday... in Leeds on Saturday.... it's gonna be a messy week
..
I love you moreeee & I hope he do, I need a turn up buddy
Before I log off twitter for the next 2 hours I LOVE YOU ALL
IS THE BEST
Thank you
I'll hear it bb. Thanks for the song and for the love
MARLIN Has very less time to find a lifesavior Arrived in as & must leave
After 5 years, ya girl finally drove motorcycle again dude i miss this
my heart is so freakin happy for lucy and lydia
You two!! love you both!
Watching
on BBC2 on Just Love her. So beautiful and just so funny.
Call me a Blind Fan(Actually I dun c negativity in anyone)
Nowonwards Is my first priority
Aww miss you too my bish Could have seen me the other day but you eat donuts anymore
Result of combat
Chris Ridgeway defeated Toni Storm to retain the World Championship of SWA.
Oof love anything and I live in Upstate NY thank you for doing this
All I want if for to call me his babbbbbiiiiieee
i love you, thank u for coming back to bless us with your music
Kinda obsessed with you
I am so blessed
Best reply goes to.... How can she be so calm knowing that Halsey took an effort to comment in korean. Cute
Pefect xx will do
you're the sweetest I can't wait to see youuu, good night
TT listesinde
Thank you so much Shellie! I appreciate you reaching out to me.
Che emozione grande !!
Omg!!! an amazing prize fingers crossed
The best guide for you is the voice lives inside of you.
Happy birthday to myself.
always proud to be me.
DIOS TE LEA Y HAGA QUE SEA :(
Gotta Brother Nature!
get this walking started! Los Angeles, California
She is so beautiful
happy birthday imy :((
I love you
doing so good and very proud of myself
Lol thank you my Pholo maan
Ah, the old Bio building...spent many hours in those walls. Good times!
Ahh... this is so lovely, thank God for such kind people
Yes yes. Lemme know when around this way
What a view
Eu te amo pretinha
WML, thank you admin
Let me know so you can use my gold card to get in
Slightly off topic but YOUR PROFILE PICTURE IS SO GODDAMN BEAUTIFUL
Buy my nudes
Come and visit our exhibit tomorrow!
It's nothing we didn't already talk about
If life is a movie, then the best part
And I live so I can die with you
happy birthday nikki!! i hope you have the best day ever! get it this year i love you
Next tournament? Please ask me
listening to Until the Earth Would Open - tonight suggests so much
en Salta, Argentina
MFW.
Characters having a streak of color in their hair is my jam. Knees weak and
Water Drinking Helps Body Fitness
The post More Water Drinking Helps Body
so damn sweet baby , you always know how to make me feel appreciated and cared for.
meu fofinhoo, amo tu, tmj
La Amo u////u
.
.
My hair hasn't been this healthy in so long, loving it no color, no heat just 100% natural virgin hair
AAAAAAA QUE GUAPO ESTAAAAAS BB
Ngl I like this Rk-Alia-DP-Rs bonding
Comilonaaaa
Aww
Sleepy puppy paul_odonoghue123
old now so has some kidney problems, also very very snotty and has a poorly eye- become very needy
Oh I love Red Velvet
Yo Mama is always the super hero who doesn't wear capes.
God is a woman and she is my mom, Helen. Who drove me home so I could go on a date because she believes in
Go check out new video
TBH you are itni pyar itni pyari Tareef words ma Kam ha You are sooo preetyyyy
thankful for people with warm hearts & would go the extra mile just to put a smile on your face
Girls In Lingerie To Steal Your Heart Away
RT RT RT RT RT
IT SAYS IT ALL!
THANK YOU TO THE CREATOR!
GOD BLESS YOU FOR THE TRUTH IN A SMALL SKIT!
I'm seeing with my best friend. We love Atsushi our beloved sushi roll.
totally done
I'm live now!
COME HANG OUT! :D
| |
So thankful for my momma
crossing everything I got!!! VAMOSSSSSSS
Thank you love this!
gatinha
Reply with a screenshot of the song streaming right now! Add
Hermoso lugar
our Ice Dance Teams after RD
1st Madison HUBBELL / Zachary DONOHUE
3rd Tiffani
Special shoutout to for having many different events here. have met if it
Always a rangers
let babygirl fall asleep like that.
When she double looked.. omg.
HOW TO LOSE WEIGHT FOR LAZY PEOPLE. instagram: selfcareroze
the photos from florescence nim always looks so beautiful
Lindsey jah I can't pass your face straight, I see you I have to comment.... Love
MAMA
I really love the freshness of this cover. Unathi also looks great wait to get my hands on a copy
Happy Birthday to one and only Kim Hanbin
Dilynn absolutely loved her first ride in a love for taking her even though mandy was a
Thanks so much for having me, had the best time!!
Thank you admin for doing this giveaway good luck everyone!!! Please keep support our boys
Wish that I can find a girl just like my mama
Unbelievably generous offer from
Lay :(( unicorn
thank you
going on an unfollow spree.
if you want to keep to keep or earn a follow, leave me a little reply with why you think so
see ya soo.
Your reputation doesn't mean shit - Your heart and character is what matters
Another one gone wayyyy too soon, Rest in the sweetest peace Moses we will miss you, fly high angel!
Get you a dark skin piece and be happy
When I say I love my church fam, omg! I actually have a church family, who would have thought lol
Can we restart this Sunday so I can have longer in bed pls
Sath!!! Happy birthday!!!!!
First visitors of the day Open Studios 11-5. artist
So happy to hear that is going to be mayor of Vancouver!
Congratulations and may you stand
and
Always does it for me too....nothing like it hope you are feeling brighter - beautiful pics thanks for sharing
Thank you I love you!
F1 ready! Adios Alonzo - thanks for the memories you will be missed
Askla balkonda bira keyfi
bb, textinho gay igual vc mandei no wpp, juizooo
Moi ce soir promets un bon stream
my tl is blesses. Thank you
Misunderstood are so cute
Two really nice guys
Butterfly
Your struggles make you beautiful
you know I'm playing with you
te amo raryssa
My 7 year old brother said to me, you know God is with you everywhere you go? All the
Entrain de bosser sur mon expo sur l'Inde
AAAAAAAA
Ahhh every thing is perfect right now
I love this guy so much what a player
Lemme say this , you are same as your idol
Saw at texas motor speedway and I just wanted to say thanks for reminding me that all things work together
Together is our favorite place to be. Happy 12 years of togetherness mahal charsylf
i ship them
Today is a beautiful day, thank you god
I almost feel guilty hitting the button on all these comments
Finally
Clip of the year
I believe how cute it looks the wink at the end
BABY ANGELS
Mamis em City
Super happy for you Noah's Ark Hong Kong
so proud of feeldog and so happy he deserve so much
Directioners, I discovered a new trick to get 15 FREE
Check my pinned
I'd take an RS5 any day. But this is beautiful
You love dogs , just everything dog?
Then subscribe to our weekly
I realized I be showing love to the wrong mfs
Lovely picture of Storm and I
Were just humans trying to live life enjoy yours.
Ditto Ann Hugs Have An
Amazing Day
ahhhh! glad early enough that i can see some of it! i wait!
Thank you !!
Your crush has done it again oo.... Slaying all day erday .... I yhu die
Yes okay. Thanks for asking
Fav
HAPPY BIRTHDAY GOD aka NEMANJA VIDIC .... one of the best CBs ever to play for HE COMES FROM SERBIA,
M A I N T W E E T
we adore you so much more
8x iPhone X Giveaway
HOW TO ENTER :
Follow us
RT
Turn Post Notifications on
SHOW PROOF
PICKING
Simpler adorable
You're so adorable
when i listen to the lyrics, it shows that you're always here with me no matter where I am. the truth is, i really miss you, sayang
Family
Best thing is when I get a random call from my dad to walk outside my flat to find him with cake
Thank you for sharing..and I feel the same way missing old days I feel like revisiting them with new insight
thank you ani
You look exactly like him! I am truly sorry for your loss. My thoughts and prayers are with you and your family
Same love. Miss talking to you
Directioners, I discovered a new trick to get 15 FREE polaroids
Check my pinned
uwu such a cutieeee
You have the best category and they have the best mentor ever!!
wrote some lovely words about our new track "You're So Cold" take a read below!!
2
Yep. that good. Brilliant trilogy.
Aww baby girl.... You can get through this! trying to give baby and yourself a better
Goodnate!! Charot goodnight
going to have a good day
Tout est dit ...
Princess Charming
Lizzo really a treasure she doesn't get much credit lmfao
We were made for each other
I love you
I feel so warm
I complain a lot, but SO thankful for the life living. exactly where supposed to be.
You go and fulfill that dream, darling
Powerful & From The Heart!
My 1st was born 19 yrs ago 2day! Yall wish my oldest a happy birthday! So proud of my 6 boys!
nightly adventure I see
We also adore you
I need this
Nines
Simple, Clean and Unique
via
she says she love me, believe her.
OT9 IS BACK
Feliz dia a las mamis !
Oh, I love talking Hogwarts Houses!!!
Laura you are badass - you go girl! formerly
ADOPTION ANNOUNCEMENT
We are so delighted to announce that our beautiful BELLA has been adopted by
Issokay. Of course I had so much fun.
Hey Queen I am obsessed you new song is my favourite song released this year.
Preciosas
Wow!! has outdone herself!!!
Count An additional fly kiss from a 24 y/o girl
thank you beautiful
I want to be there! Will be great! Have a great fun Brian!
My heart! peep little Toddler sleeping on top of the couch
I'll never stop saying that he was born to be on stage
I love Adam Thielen
You're not alone.
Happy birthday Lil bitchhhhh get lit since not working w me tonight. And we need a girls night soon
FUCK i just rmb i no longer have unlimied data on sun and i keep on using :-))))) goodjob minyi!!!!!
Happy birthday luv
Last Fri. was the bday of my sis
I care what they say....
I love you.
Enjoying the Maine fall weather. South Portland, Maine
Heart Evangelista my fav vlogger. The classiest but down to earth person You deserved all the hearts
That's why we trust you all
Oh yes, we will know her and we will give her a strong hug.
Onwww courage
Sending you hugs through twitter. I hope the anxiety eases fast for you
SEOYEONIE_TH: RT apricotberry_:
I love you lots
That's my big bro for sure
Go get followers
She also made show kike Hubahu
Beautiful sunset over huthwaite
Again loving Mary just a small role but she stood in our heart ....
My first Luis figo
Thank you love being honest
A little glimpse of a fabulous Diwali Festival of Lights celebration in Brampton!! Loved performing here
SEOYEONIE_TH: RT Adventure9Times: 181020
Love brother
Mama of a gender diverse kid who follows you on Twitter. Donated and sending you big love.
dates wit u be mad lit. you never fail to keep my heart happy. our love will never die out.
y'all sleep tight & rest well
Dream come true..
Mi tesoro mas valioso
traffic lang you know naman sa pilipinas hahaha worth the wait naman e True hahaha but anyways, i should
Happy birthday girlfriend!!!
ohhh what happened ? :( glad feeling okay
Feliz
Sr
raised her to be such a tease
Mazal Tov! So happy for you two and thrilled to be a part of your story!!!
Was going to tweet the exact same thing
Watching the with
Food of the grill
Sunday get any better than this
This is the cutest shit I have ever seen this morning! I love it.
Ke_thequeen
Hope to see you soon
Homecoming half up/half down by Meuris
Che belli che siete !!
Yungi
omg yes plsplspls pick me entered so many of ur giveaways and never won!!!
And so many cute fanpics and so many happy fans
Wow mashallah girl so beautiful
Congrats on your marriage!
i really luv wen my friends are happy
I have it in my watch list!!!! can't wait to start it!
I love you, Cindy happy friendversary
I can waste all my money on lotto tickets and cigarettes now! Love you too sista
I miss you so much
That ship definitely sails itself! Our captains .
I missed tf out of my car. Glad to have it back
FELIZ MEU BEM
tudo de bom pra
Lovely pic
Thank you,
& ADN
Early TD! I it!!
Good for you!
Powerful and so true!
Awe Sunday roast
things were really looking up lately, I knew something shitty was bound to happen
thank you for the RT! Box is still in place at Tesco
Please add me in your list
be the best if it for you!
Brooklyn has given me so much confidence in myself never understand how much I truly love her
something me and the leaves have in common. We are falling for you
amazing!
Red to filth
Colourful tights are the one! Check out the range
Skirt: (20,
Shoot today!!! Early morning call time
Watch out for it on October 28, Sunday
yessss!!! man i'm on ep 5 of season 3 and it feels like every ep is a wild ride lolol i love it
Its how my feelings get excited when i see u, my love ive thought about it, u are the most suitable creature i
as for "my mom and dad would be proud of me"
Might have shed a tear or two
What a wonderful idea. this!
Wow
know I was missing anything... you know where to ship it too
WHATTE HILARIOUS EPISODE IT WAS! COULDNT HAVE STARTED OFF BETTER
we want back
Thank you
What a fab weekend
White people unfollowing spree
Follow me on > > > >>> and tag your best artworks to be featured
Like and Retweet us.
Like us.
Brother your tweets is lit you are handsome Classy Display
get your friend ... Congratulations btw
Ah, thanks!
BABYGIRL
Thanks love you deserve world
Goodnight sweety, have a beautiful dream. Ich liebe dich
happy birthday gorg hope had the best day , miss and love u xxx
I think about you all the time sugar momma wait for Christmas
Thank you for your opinion.
Happy Birthday to Charisma Leader B.I
Wish u and iKON all the best
Thanks for 5 years ago when i know u
This is why i stan
I'm sure you will
Amen and thank you so much. Thank you
Happy Sunday
GRACIAS
'cause i'm already standing on the ground
OMFG HAHAHAHAHAHA I LOVE YOU QUEEN PLEASE DO A COLLAB WITH
Te amooo
I remember taking this photo, when her paws create a heart. Gosh I miss her so very much.
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: NWT. Comfy & Warm OveRsized Flannel
Love this club. Great atmosphere. Everyone welcome
sorry twitter salah curhat.....
Allah
Friendly and welcoming club.
Aww your really so cute Thank you so much my best friend, thank you really so much for beautiful drawing .
Happy B day
Thank you
I love this man
Confirm now please
Satzu is real
see you in manchester and newcastle
You finally got a bang jesus christ
im going to sleep now so goodnight everyone
Got a little drunk last night. Changed outfits multiple times, woke up late this morning. But, I had fun
Anais was satisfied seeing her Tia Breezy
Aw. Hope ok. Rest up!!
So beautiful princes T-girl
Nice boobs
Wonderfull cookc
Literally my favorite video
Thank you
One of my favorite songs ever
namjoon in paris...everything i have ever dreamed of and more
talking to amanda about my baby shower makes me so excited i wait for february
M'J. 1-Baile, 2-Grupo, 3-Twitter, 4-Personalidad.
Love her to! wait for season 7 !
I'm with finally hehehehe I love SM Town Museum
Shoot today!!! Early call time
Watch out for it on Sunday, October 28
All love my dude
wow my fiance is so
We love the Minnesota man.
he be less attractive when he smilesEvery time I see him smiling my heart skips a beat and
Janna y Karen
Crash y Eddie
Te amo perrito
When your roomate does lash extensions and she got you for free
near the shopping centre , somewhere local and city centre
Ohhh such place finds you to embrace more beauty... Marvellous!!!
Love you darlin thanks for your kind words
Congratulations, glad we could help!
So good to be here today and have the day off ! ThanksCarmen Fulton-Fox for all you support and love feeling
I love my soul-winning hubbie!
Aww Ruby is my favorite character! I love her so much
YASSSSS HE HITS 1 MILLION ON IG SO PROUD OF YOU WE HAVE COME A LONG WAY CONGRATULATIONS
4 months ago since the best night of my life forever miss tour
Tomorrow
You are very kind.
Vende-se essa casa
The Runes! The Runes!
This does not come around often; your opportunity to purchase a Kate Fensom Framed
I added a video to a playlist Tum Mile _ WhatsApp Status Romantic Love _ SR
just how pretty and amazing can the stars be
Oh Sehun
We believe that is a great time to start utilizing black as an accent color in your home. if you agree.
Old man dog
My Queen, Cassee helped me so much and she even know it. I love her so much
Beautiful Happy birthday dear
49th
Moon has never glowed this color
with
Mi gente
and RT
Ymf
Hyung... I love you
Sending love! Beautiful moments Xx
I liked a video SUPERHERO BABIES SLEEP IN A TOY BED SUPERHERO PLAY DOH CARTOONS FOR KIDS
ofc!
I got a girl crush
For you !
Seeing my patients accept palliative and hospice care gracefully is honestly the most admirable, heartbreaking thing
Very very proud of you
Love you too
Proud to have the best goalkeeper in the whole world
beautiful Thank you anon
i am so clingy and u still being patience with me
Ah bless him
Happy Birthday love you bro
My kinda
Yayyy ! Breastfeeding are the best ! They grow soo strong
So handsome I lost my old boy back in May he was almost 18 and I miss him so much...
God bless you, girl.
wow look at me loving life. YOU WERE AMAZINGGG
Love you... Whoever this is You toooo be friends?
at Top 4 in AAA. Keep voting fam
I added a video to a playlist Taaron Se Maang Saja Doon Romantic Love WhatsApp Status SR
// the pimp of multiships~
a nuestro
Oh no thanks a lot
I asked my bro where he was yesterday & he replied back with a video of accusing me of murder
Painting. Grandmas tea cup some tea and a fire. Let the calming begin. Red Barn Consulting
That's awesome
Happy Bday Lil Thug! Miss you!!
Their 'Aww' moments ~ Special
Aww
Voceee
agree but leo got tight af so
Thanks dude. Yeah shes really amazing I'm pretty fortunate I have someone like her looking out for me
Ahhh graciass
This top kills me
This
First born
nobody better than the Homicide
Bem mocinha
Jenna & Debby watching their boys together is everything!
your the best part
Happy Bday
my girl
One thing is for sure mahal ka namin thank you
take care of yoself
he be less attractive when he smilesEvery time I see him smiling my heart skips a beat and
I added a video to a playlist WhatsApp Status Romantic LOVE Naseebon Se Apne Churayenge
One and only
I wish you posted more pics! you are so beautiful it makes me so happy seeing you
I love ur smile.
omc.... you are too nice fur me! Mum says she will dm you
Pfiouuuu ces yeux
I miss you so much dear. God bless you always love
happy birthday!!!
Sunday walks boyfriend
man, that really means a lot to me
thank you so much! do my best to keep it growing~
ALERT ALL STREAMERS!
IF YOU WANT A FAT RAID, LINK TEITCH DOWN BELOW AND RT!
GUNNA SEND SOME LOVE
so lucky to have you, ilysm han
Queen of film
Fav bt21 character is Tata and favourite bts lyrics are "bloom like a rose, flutter
Happy Sunday have an amazing day
Love this, Emma!
On the stage: playing live with gcc
Only to lovely people.
Fuck the fuckers
Definitely
wait to go back to NH soon
I saw Liliana today and that was probably the highlight of my always so sweet
HBD,IMY,ILY,GBU,MBTC,TCA
Shoot today!!! Early call time
Watch out for it on Sunday, Oct. 28
thanks my love
Happy 20th Birthday buddy :)
Api Natural Of Thanks For Sharing This Video on
Woow..
Close your eyes and dream beautiful dreams ...
G.Night Friends
I get them & I'm like wtf lol. gotta NOT!! lol
I added a video to a playlist WhatsApp Status Humsafar Romantic SR Full
Jin vocals were outstanding I swear watching videos is nothing compared to really hearing him live
Meg....
Keep working on it, I can't wait to see the final product
Thank u for ur love to K
I my friends
My family so beautiful
Hey boyfriend.. will you bring me a coffee? 16oz Iced whit choc/hazelnut sugar free triple shot
Register 100% FREE BEAUTY BABES ONLINE
FOLLOW
i love my little family
D-DOT LOVE X CHAMPION COLLABORATION
JUST DROPPED GET YOURS NOW
.
.
.
.
.
Meus dois homens
You can love me or hate. To all the haters out there lmao
Cannot wait to qualify next year nothing more exciting than thinking about doing the job u love
I added a video to a playlist WhatsApp Status Roke Na Ruke Naina Broken Heart
My grandma spoils me when with her. I need to come see her more
Happy Birthday Love Hope to see you in Orlando in March. Have a great day Cam
Finally game time
Thank you
The thing is though - you're such a brilliant choreographer, you will no doubt be a huge success in that too.
please, those who genuinely love the girls are welcome to stay and the general behavior
Thst chewing gum
Congratulations to Adam Kitch and Julia Price on their wonderful wedding. Love you guys!!!
one day
Valentine
This year you're mine Abdulrhman__bn!
And you, whom will be yours?
mountains today! like if a city lover, retweet if a nature lover
I am thank you
thanks sago
Civic hatchback is looooove
omg the glow up hahah thank you!
he's adorable
Flew 1300 miles to see this guy I love my nephew.
.
.
I need to remember this.
Happy birthday, Libra-Scorpio (?)!
and her grandma
High five from another Deepika fan.
I hope this marriage turns out to be everything she hopes for and deserves.
Love you too!
I real live let my friend rent out my room for free for the weekend such a good friend
thank you boo
Thank you beautiful
Oh we love you!
'Strangers' sounded SO great on our stage today.
Thanks lovely.
Ummmm amor...
Lol I swear. Thank you so much wait for it to be your turn
What a joy it is to have the chance to explore more of life!
I added a video to a playlist Roke Na Ruke Naina SAD WhatsApp Status
Congratulations Champion....
140
My heart has never been so full
Hahha amazing!
Complexo do
When the real beauty shows then everyone thinks....
Thank you and yes...I did. One of my favourite places to spend a day
Let Matthew be in it for more than 3 seconds this time pleaaaaase
E L M O
I SEE A BUNNY ON YOUR DP ASDFGHJKL gonna be our very own pink world!
Can't wait to see it, I'm at church so probably not a good idea right now haha
Go follow my new account to keep up to date with all things acting
Good morning to you
reply to this if u want ur initial in my location
3
love love
Love you too Chelly
Quanto sei bella!
Mec
I get it, if that helps. There are mornings when getting out of bed isn't gonna happen
Hey Drake follow me please
I still got all of the ones bae wrote me
From last dinner for director at
I LOVE YOU FOR LIFE
i honestly forgot all about this lmao thanks for appreciating it
Kinda starting to miss my crazy curly perm
Please all be safe and forget if you see something say something U
Also, random kindness is one of my favorite things happy birthday
Really you're too sweet. I am not deserving of your kindness
Indian team condition right now...
Who you think is in advantage right now???
I will own a beach house.
This weekend has been amazing because of the morning views
Please add me in your list
Thank you hun!!!
I realized my goal, which was to take a picture while he looked at me
When the pool DJ can transition from trap music to and not skip a beat.
happy birthday in heaven.. you will always love in my heart
I want forever
u killed it last night homie have a great sunday!
oh my God I'm so happy boys are happy with their girls
chanyeol but as an eris i stan everyone equally
My second home since I was a child and my daughter is just as cosy here! Love our
I love you
Happy B-day My Leader
Me the first time I met you
Great babydoll princess I love your video and sexy moves got memories from my
u better work that shiii
nho
Babai & Abbai Family Bonding
Thank you for the love! Iloveyou my bitch iroaK
My last day using this one so have these
Sunday. Take it slow and give your soul a chance to catch up with your body
Valentine
This year you're mine jmxtm_lh!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Oh yes! One not invite me to
last night neves fundraiser
Nada descrever
Thank you my love.
Honestly no but I believe in you llmra 1001
Et c'est parti
,, !!!
Having fun with my children I love you all, God keep blessing us Amen
gonna be permanent soon!
I love you Chris but Duncan wins this one because oh my look at that cuteness
Hahaha I'm known for a lot of things but not rudeness.
I'm not responsible for how you've turned out
Bye, baby girl
The little things
Congrats mate
CC:
Prayers for you & family,
And this is why I love you
voice is incredible wow
Thank you I feel bad I felt bad for her. I am hoping more educators understand that
Thanks da
VASSS!
Thank you so much babe.
HAPPY GAMEDAY
& get Win 4 GO TEXANS
Are you watching
Tobi! Thank you so much darling!
Alia is literally the cutest.
the most amazing person yet so humble please stay healthy Kim Hanbin!
Sorry I get to my live last night, Rylee really needed her mama be jumping on this afternoon so I
happy 22nd of the month, love birds! more to come! Love u both!
Thank you you always give me some advice to make me happy
happy birthday in heaven.. you will always live in my heart
yet tell that to someone who always felt alone, looked over, or cast down. & Sis
Mom, i them
Aw I love it!!!! Orco looks super cute thank you for doing this sketch trade with me, and also! I
Amazing road trip
Amo essas meninas imensamente
Showing love on my TL
Hopeful Monday
A ti te amooo! Mi ribebe
This is the type of sister Vane was growing up
RiyaBraht
Approved.
Feliz
entao...
Epik High has one of the most diverse and well-produced songs in this industry. Honestly, their music never fails to comfort me
Congratulations to two of my favourite actors and actresses!! and
Gran momento de Friends
Mas feeldog ganteng banget yaampun
First love aku di The Unit
Vote for he deserves the world and deserves to stay in the competition
You are the strongest woman
When God has your Sista up in the middle of the night on your behalf:
New official calendar 2019 is beautiful
I really been in my own little world lately
no way to measure how happy I am right now
hate hardly ever, and when I love, I love for miles and happy birthday princess
a fool hahaha thanks brother I love you too
this
What happens when three Lion have to share one Mate?
Finding Luna
Both gorgeous
Lorna is loving this at the moment too! And I am too obviously
If you have less than 300K Followers
Retweet
Follow all Retweets .
Follow back all follows.
Comment with
for
Goodmorning
10.31.18 On Evey S/O To The GangSwipe Left Remember The 31st Halloween
trump and tsipras committing suicide together in 2k18 rt ur kink
"enjoy the journey and celebrate!"
"Put me on the calendar"
and
"if you don't like you I won't like you. "
Valentine
This year you're mine _FayAbdulla!
And you, whom will be yours?
I added a video to a playlist WhatsApp Status Sad Tere Bina Jeena SR
You got this I love you
Searching for
TBH Your Avi Snap is Cutest and you are Beautyful as well
Heyyy nowwww
Congrats and love you shitheads!!!
Fact
Everyone dreams and hopes for a love story like yours! In love with a love!
This is really touching RayRay! One of your best
happi burfmas!
Yeah i already voted
about to get some Clam Chowder
Buen feliz DOMINGO
MY KINGS
Yeah, only a matter of time
Hooray for today
you are the best
Korean accessories- earrings
all over India
DM for price
TOMA NO CU, AMO VCS
respect so important for people to speak out about mental health. especially in this day and age.
EU TIRO FOTO ASSIM KKKKKKKKKKK vlww
Han Jisung is so freaking cute my heart is melting!!
I wanna give you the world, babygirl.
Reply with if streaming Valentine right now.
Reply with if streaming Woman Like Me right
As soon as I get to Upstate. going to the movies w an ole friend
I added a video to a playlist Zindagi Ban Gaye Ho Tum Romantic WhatsApp Status SR Full HD
Happy Birthday Rennie
You're welcome. One of my favourite places in the world
my allergies.
Minha fiel 3M
Oh my lord You always get the best profile pics
Ly
KKKK vlw cria
Finally I'm with Hehe I love SM Town Museum
I my friends
Happy Birthday Alan! Keep the passion for words alive! Sending hugs and love
thank you babe
Hihi thank you
thank you jesus, you made one hell of a power move today
Feliz domingo
Happy Birthday Kelly! Looking forward celebrating many more birthdays with you
Thank you
do this for our boys, Wannables!
a gift from God. Thank you
Happy Birthday Hanbin
Know that... Jesus Loves You
Thanks Lynxi.
Stay up brother this one hurt all of us . He hurting nomore remember that
it will be somewhere city centre and local and easy to get to by transport
I don't believe in coincidences. Everything happens for a reason. Definitely a sign from your Mom.
Papuchiiii
We love you
Are you a cat?
The pair we deserve
Shartik
LiamPayne Well said Liam your a very nice and kind person I love that about you Please follow me
Alberto & Kat / Simon & Clary
I added a video to a playlist WhatsApp Status Tere Honton Se Main Shabnam Churaaoonga Sadak
Seems like a piece of Houston is with me wherever I go
Hahahaha! "Whether I want to or not..." I always me some
Es tan linda, ese es el tweet
I promise I will ASAP! Thank you
Lo mejor que me dijeron
The Runes! The Runes!
This does not come around often; your opportunity to purchase a Kate Fensom Framed
Ahahahahahahahahahahah no I wouldn't block u ever thank u so much.. Had a great day no I haven't tried them
Happy birthday mr. Smartest
This is adorable
Theilen and Cousins tho
I liked a video Flat? No Problem, This Elf's Cute and Legal!
Valentine
This year you're mine evil_ptishka!
And you, whom will be yours?
No. 2 Trending in Indonesia
Love my sunflowers!! FYI, those and daisies are my faves!!
She follow me :((
Xabe dlula kuthi huuu , uzobona
Cc Michou je suis fan
that sweatshirt!!!
Valentine
This year you're mine firstdisorder!
And you, whom will be yours?
For my lil cheeky boy, Penkon. Kaklong will always love you
I think so
So sweet, I love you! thank you for all you do
Thank you very much
HI BABY I LOVE YOU , I HOPE YORE HAVING A GOOD DAY AND ARE STAYING HEALTHY
Fred, folgado
Practicing self care is so important. self love Sunday so get in some self love today if you can.
Church was so good . Refreshing
We love u
I Swear Me & Bra Really Came From The Mud. Now People In Other City Showing Us Love Southside, Jacksonville
Nyenyak banget tidurnya,, sleep well sayang
WE ARE SO READY!! LET'S GO LET'S GO LET'S GO!!!!!
Welcome
Thanks bby
Good afternoon, lovely Di!
I love this look and
at the em Praia de Ipanema - Ipanema Beach
We Upton Country Park!
I added a video to a playlist WhatsApp Status Tujhe Na Dekhoon To Chain ROMANTIC LOVE
Venom later with the lil bro
i like me better when im with u
How awesome! That doesn't happen often, at least in my personal experience.
happy birthday, lovely
This one is for you mama
Vedo a Jay
I will be there as soon as I can!! Thank you for listening
Everyone dreams and hopes for a love story like yours! In love with love!
Sunday Roast dinner with the Familia
So sad we make hope everyone had/is having the best time. I had a poorly husband to attend to!
Which one should I use for my next mixtape?
Vote:
Or York, Pennsylvania
In it lies humorous honesty, its no wonder one lives longer. And I for one utmost & appreciate it!!!
Handsome banda with amazing humour
Bss ye Avi hathao aur
caring & loyal and you're the best BOY in my following list
pretty cool. I share my birthday with a historic bad guy - John Dillinger (1930s gangster) and I IT!
I added a video to a playlist Amit Bhadana and Chitranshi ROMANTIC WhatsApp STATUS Tu Rooh Hai
A mais chataaaa!!!!
teaching you patience
Good night Blinkeu ~
lalalalisa_m
jennierubyjane
sooyaaa__
roses_are_rosie
Go to follow for
A mais gata do role
Omg this cracked me up.
I could never
Valentine
This year you're mine flrwqxx!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
I loveeee oatmeal could eat it 25/8
That hold
Look what she has in her hand... Niblings cheering me up
Congrats to all involved. Brilliant day for 2 amazing
I think you're in perfect shape..
I wait! I missed you the last couple times you were in town
Very proud of the Year 9 Home Learning effort. Two very different stories inspired by the same task. We the
mlk tudo de bom
Hoco 2k18
I know you are. That's why I you and rely on you.
Our Kallum and Kelsey adore uncle Richard
I am soo proud of u nd soo emotional rn.. i have seen u grow frm parth to parth samthaan nd
this song is a whole ass bop
We care and still love you
Shallow
I had a Read about it here: birth labour hypnobirth mummyblogger pbloggers
congratulations on hitting 1M followers Ur family is growing day by day u have come a long way
Welcome Back
Your Beauty and Loveliness are Always a Joy to Behold
Do you like Vampires?
Check out the Blood Moon Series
Blood Moon An Erotic Vampire Novella -
bembeyaz gibisin civcivim benim seviyorum
This city. Columbus supports its own. Congratulations to the team at and
I wish!!!!, sweet :) thanks girl!
Cutie have a safe flight back love you
father, like
Have no idea. My eyes are only for Daniel. And my heart
I added a video to a playlist Hum Pe Sitaaron Ka Ehsaan Ho WhatsApp Status ROMANTIC Full HD 1080p
Love you, bub.
"Dear Heart" by
Yes amazing! I l o v e food post
music is so good
Romans 10:13
Whoever calls on the name of the Lprd will be Save. Call Him
it's okay i never mattered anyway
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA-ARIANA GRANDEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!
My wigs are dope! Build a wig with me today!
meus anjinhos
Hi baby ( bearbear )
Proud of you always
Now sign the contract
Steflon don was presenting Best hip hop album at the wish she was performing instead
Here you are
Enjoy!
HONOR A QUIEN HONOR
Sempreeeeeee!!!
Loved the episode
thankyou
The Limited Edition Hydrographic Print Available Now, 3 days more before over
Oh hey
I love my new lockscreen thanks to for the amazing art!! My favorite fanartist
Got me a new laptop sticker.
Big thanks to for the drawing
Got you covered family
Feliz
Wonderful
Had such an amazing weekend!
So I got invited to hangout with some Hungarian kids best day of my life
I want that I HB t-shirt
Chato da minha vida
Live now with the Charity Stream! Come stop by, retweets are appreciated!
J"aimevraimentenormementmachin
Todays message: Giving is a blessing.
Got to there from a small fishing village in Goa!
.
.
.
Thank you dear .
Your location
The love is currently real and my heart beats to know about it
Thank you Jesus For Caring Friends
Follow RT MG+10
appreciation post miss you!
eyes huhu bibi
Being in someone's prayer is the purest form of love!!!!
Comforts with the energy and love I exude
Ontem encontrei esse Deusu
Love u
is still the love of my life
My darling sweet speech
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY FAVORITE LEADER!!!!
WE LOVE YOU KIM HANBIN!!!!
You are sucha cutiee happy birthday in advance
HBD PARINEETI CHOPRA
In church is the only place I have peace
Malone and Stockton have no rings but they have heart take both over this Joker
DONE, FOLLOW ME PLEASE
i know what do without my grandma. my bestfriend fr.
Love that is playing
!!!!!!!!
BUT WHERE ARE YOU GIIIRL
Sanam_Re
Yash Shradhha
Love Marriage
Night 11:00 PM
Shradhha -- Oh mere shonu plz sone chlo na
With my girlies at the pool today enjoying this lovely sunny day Have a blessed day where ever you are
MIA KHALIFA >> SHE IS FUCKED AND LICKS PUSSY !
MIA KHALIFA SO HOT !
Glad I have certain people in my life be lost without you
at 28k caught with no gotcha or plus either
Thank you for this and for all that you are doing
Thanks sis
Introducing Traci
My Hero
When I look at where
coming from I know blessed.
Viens mp chaton !
Disneyland Resort
My baby growing up finally listened to me , love you
Thank you . We loved it.
shall follow lordt prolly
On this day 52 years ago time stood still in Aberfan, Merthyr Tudful. We will never forget
I'm pretty sure i will
Into You
If you have less than 300K Followers
Retweet
Follow all Retweets .
Follow back all follows.
Comment with
so, so sorry to hear this. I am sending good thoughts to you and your son. Hugs to you.
We have your back.
so pretty omg!
Dinner Ala Syrian at Ms. Alhamdulillah
Amazing morning at So thankful for a place to call home and get closer to God each week
I just went through 2 glass of Amarula like it ain't no thing. It was so nice
Catching up with this Bake Off. I
Good morning San Diego!
Thank u so much
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABY GIRL finna blow up the tl rq
Thank youuu
Gracias!!!
First of all thank you for this "Latch" for me was THE program because I felt it
Thank you Jesus For Caring Friends
Follow RT MG+10
Yeah I found it out. Anyways, thank you :)
so NOT I look like a mug ahah
Hanbin
Love this shot!
Thank you for being here for us
So happy for you
"
I love these!
Elle est adorable
thanks love
Gm from Mango and I.
Definitely! let you know
Meu dahmo sempre vivo
Difficile pour Botch de ne pas parler retrogaming sans afficher 3 FOIS Smash Bros 64 (vous avez raison)
Tenemos el mejor del mundo
Im gonna make my parents, your parents and of course you yourself proud with me
You are beloved!
Thank you
New choreo
Your eyes stole all my words away
GRACIAS!
aww this is cute as hell man
Reading Illah Robot Futures on a cold New York Sunday morning
I hope you find something soon.
Wuhu!! this turtle champion is Hanne Therese Heldal ! Congrats Gurl And for the rest of you: good
I love you baby you are the best
My love...
My heart burns for you like an eternal flame.
Let us always keep the fire burning.
I love
Fucking love this gift!
Thank youuuu!!!
I might start collecting nerf guns now
Aww you're doing awesome not much longer for fall break
Picture heaven in Mauritius from our pool ! Share your best with us !
Photo courtesy
Thank you beautiful
I just believe that he's the coolest guy on the planet. Why?
1. Fresh Prince of Belair
2. I his family
Good luck
nice
Pleaseee
No one interacts with the fans more than & how Absolutely adorable is he
I a thottie a closed case
Sergio we want this celebration if you score a goal vs Barcelona
Happy birthday leader
Felizzz Hanbin!!
My bias be always happy
definitely not 25 but thank you
Valentine
This year you're mine S_S_S_N_svyat!
And you, whom will be yours?
sm fun last night
Hot apple cider on this perfectly cold fall day
Congratulations so happy for you both
Yeahhh!!
Le tome mucho en Idol Producer
You need one, your too beautiful there one good enough or sexy enough for you to use sweetheart.
I love you so much Jali. You're the one with the words and all but I really love you
we need some healing
gaxxxto KKKKKKKKK
De ontem
The very first photo of haikal here kalau tak kawin jugak taktau la nak kata haha
how can I appreciate such good talent give it to us just as good is manish heart winner each performance
Game with dad
Needed this.
2018 has really been such a great year so far
tagged by
(random tags)
Thanks and
LEHHSSS GOOO! Who you trying to punk??
Sibling Love.
Respect & Friendship with eyes of
Good Night
You got this mama!
mon bb
WINNER2018EVERYWHERETOURINBKK
My boyfriend always spoils me with the smallest things he knows I love the most
okay I got the message
Spent the last hour on the phone w my mom basically only talking about how much we love the cougs ugh my hearts still so happy
No Longer is the best track from the Regular-Irregular album goodnight
Thank You, Lord for everything!!! And I'm sorry if I don't show that much that I am thankful.. But I really am
I literally love Teonna and Selena
I just need U. - TobyMac
Mine is the 7th November! Best month
WCE ugh
Brighton belt never worn paid $70 reg $100 selling for $20
Glory Glory man unaited
own te amo
Don has a beautiful voice.
The best video I've ever watched in my life
My link is in the bio the link is in my instastory and highlights
Valentine
This year you're mine 92MTW!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY MOTHER !!! love you and GET LITTY Wish you many more years to come !!
Perfection
Please send me your favourite beautiful songs that make you weep every time
Be a good human.
On this note, goodnight beautiful world
That makes me so happy to hear thank you
I this music video
We miss you Warrior
Captain Vida
Te amo Nels
So happy to hear this news.
Ily
New Miss Amber video will have you feelin some type a way
Aruba
Good point
Boa tarde
A day spent with friends is always a day well spent
W/PIyush Tyagi in Rishikesh
church was good
Happy birthday to my guy love you for an eternity
Nesrin
Watching SVT Japan Arena Tour
wait for the show in Amsterdam though
Great stream this AM. Much love to looking to stream later today again.
Prontinho
Yooo yoo yooo even know I said this lastnight HAPPY BIRTHDAY BITCH. 21 you say ima keep it short !! love
Tomorrow be 4 years shizaire been gone when I tell I miss him so much
classic // ricewine
My new record was produced my Stay tuned for that
Always remembered. Deeply loved. Forever missed. HBD, Dad.
with repostlyapp Do what makes your soul shine- and do a lot of it
ian coming up off the nigga PERIOD HE MINE
Last night
Ahh I just purchased this book and I am already in love
been there several times...always beautiful
Feliz Gra..! Gracias por estar siempre
I really enjoy seeing you happy chomam Oh mntase enkosi i appreciate you.
Poor sweet baby! Praying for a full recovery!
I a Safety! My favorite thing in
Que isso
And find some beautiful place to get lost . . . I hope you did find a beautiful place to get lost Elliott
me and my boy, love this pupper to pieces
My is extra happy this morning because we raised some money for camille__freeman and AND
Tom Brady has nothing on this cuteness
Go Pats!
Excellent I am glad then
The one thing that always gets my nephew to stop crying and fall asleep is voice so really a win for both of us
trending no 2 in Malaysia
Ya, bienvenidaaaa
I literally love Teona and Selena
hiii khel!!!!!
mama aqui glubglub
and she has
My baby has been such a big mommas boy & I love it lol
so happy I saw my bf last night
Merci beaucoup ma belle toi aussi
Seems I finally get rid of my bad luck! Went undefeated at my local PC using my precious boy
Wish I had the
3 meses hoje nosso dia te amo
My link is in the bio the link is in my instastory and highlights
I'm in Love Thank you for playing with Look forward to seeing U at
did I mention how comfy your jumper is
Baby!!
Aw hoecake i miss you so much be home next month love ya
the saddest part of moving out of my ex's place was saying goodbye to the pupper i love you always thatcher
2018 Harvest
Happy Sunday loved ones
And how kirei my mom is!
At now
Yixing
Ameeeen yaa rabb al7mdulillah for this Bless
Awesome little fighter
Golden days of our lives. I miss you gals
Yes they are.
Cant argue with that, so true lol xD
so precious
Thanks for saying hi during the livestream love you
Truth indeed
Crystal, Holland e Froy durante a em Toulouse na
(Cr:
I Swansea!
Thank God for another day
Sending prayers your way my love. I even imagine the pain...... Stay strong I love you
Please add me in your list
Me and my hubby.
First Like Won Ghoul Trooper
food is special
Thank you so much for sharing hun!
Game face on she bout business today my baby Crystian University of Maryland, College Park
Teen Choice
Came up with my bridal shower theme
Yes this is the kind of reunion I've been waiting for
That laughter
Mobbin and being all types of cute with
Drop Dinero AL MD!
Requisitos
Follow:
+
Termina Minutos!
Wait. Are those some tail wiggles I see?
Johnny (1990s)
Yasss!
Ain, essa
Count blessings, not problems!!!!!!
Amethyst is that girl
Daredevil hooked
My new record was produced by Stay tuned for that
Tardesssss
Primos
i volunteer as tribute
kitty snuggles
now i know why you are so nice , i love you im still wondering what surprise you gonna do, but
Reminiscing.
Beautify your character and others will start looking at you with their hearts and not eyes!
And KPK is land of hospitality
I wont forget
deserve this
Love this, mend it and pass it on
Thanks Mom
Nana Aba should the VC of KNUST.
I have come to the realization that she is a badass kid. going to do whatever she wants.
love you
I go to the greatest school of all time. Go fricken Cougs baby
My favorite, from the after party!
TBH Sana You are Cute And Phaddy baz Person Your header is lit Classy Display as well
Love u forever Space Mom
NFLDNDLDNDM teamo
You know this bro
Tag your friends
Please follow for latest, funniest and sarcastic memes and trends.. .
Goodnight, do the best tomorrow and day after tomorrow. All my prayers are for u.
Thank you so much! You made my day!!
Awww look at Johnny
Babygirl turned 1 yesterday! I love my lil chunks to the moon and back and proud to be her auntie
Love this
Rest in peace Angel Your Family ARMYs Love You
Iago via instagram
To think that yanan travelled for hours from shanghai to beijing to support.. strong
My hearteu
Happy birthday to me
Beautiful
cry cause she left you, but laugh cause she lost you
Starting out my Warlock on destiny 2, I have a better teacher
Bentlis cresce
naraid66
La belle de siempre es
Time for Lewis
happy birthday to my brother big blunts for you you know you straight love u
thanks boo
Tyler liked my comment I u Tyler and thank you
Nobody can satisfy me the way you do
Adicionei um a uma playlist for Children | Spookiz - VALENTINES SPECIAL
Iti
Merci
I'm not scared of heights. I am afraid of falling.
Iti malia
it doesn't matter what obstacles you may have, the feeling of being apart of something is more powerful then a
Valentine
This year you're mine park_hwamin!
And you, whom will be yours?
I love my phone wallpaper. Its you, 20 years ago
This is the best!!
Please add me in your list
I love waking up next to my bryan
Back tomorrow
Autumn ft Gelly Hi Shine in
Rtt
There's so many
1.) 26 reveillons nous
2.)27 francais Chant D'esperance
These song hit home tears and all
PSYCHIC TIP OF THE DAY: Ask yourself what do you desire? Decide to make it happen
Happy Birthday & miss you
Awe thank ya
I have been a bit obssed with pranks on love them both
+ =
&
I really like your works! Looking at them each of us can come up with his story! LWJ so caring husband!
Rainy Sunday Night
said if we want him to come to a certain Country that we need to make it heard WHERE IS THE
Jameela is a honestly a gem
Cute pub garden moment
Itsy Bitsy Book Bits Spotlight Author
Melissa Jane Author
Instagram:
Me too! I absolutely love this
ahhhhhh now craving 85 Degrees
Wish you all the best !!!
Be healthy, get sick
You have us as
And be there for you
Love
Wedding pics
It sure is
I WANT TO BACK IN L.A !
Happy Birthday my
October's bae
Always support your career and your team of course..
Watch and enjoyed the episode
Loved the way Deepika spoke about Ranbir
Deepika Alia's Bond was Super Cute.
I love u too sister
Golden Stars
18.10.21
You gave me something so real
Amazing
Happy Birthday to my inspiration, motivation, and dedication I love you just as much as I hate you
Hello my beautiful people did you miss me? I'm vack om tomorrow night at 9pm BST
I high waisted trousers. And bring on the elastic!
Love this
and we support each other forever
May this be the beginning of a beautiful, lasting companionship.
Can visualize it ditto ... Superbly written .. with love
ugh baby daddy. angel voice was the best thing to hear i loved every moment of it last night
it was idea!
so do you! Yours so perfect concept and really uWu
Those conversations you skip sleep for
dear youtubers from the list..
from 2014
how have you been?
Saudades de vc tbm meu bem
I love you so so so much Hanbin, you bring strength and light into my life everyday Happy birthday,
FELIZ MAMIS !! Las AMO mucho gracias por todo
love youuu
Haha brother
stays giving us good music all these years. Since 2006 taken back to 2012 with this classic
You killin that hair
Hi pretty can I still buy Vernon fankit? Yes sweetie you can
Yes
aw Jace this does make me feel better
You never told me babe. This date tho.
Tengo par de nenas.
IM CRYING UGLY RIGHT NOW
Sending love and prayers
Anytime!!!
Bless up
Glad you received your free polaroids and the DMs! :)
Yes, you can do the trick again
Go Team Gates!!! Go Lights Out!!! Go Those Guys!!
I went to church today to... good luck we love you
In it together
Always beauty.
HII PO ATEE CRUSH NA CRUSH PO KITA SINCE GRADE 6 hello, ily
Sarri
Jose
Go for your man of Yesterday match
Much love for all these people
Despite of shooting for hours and also being lazy you always manage to keep your parthians updated You came
Valentine
This year you're mine lauraooof!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
is an amazing movie. Hands down one of the best I have seen. and were phenomenal.
I love this
team of guerrilla fishmongers occupied a part of the now condemned Tsukiji Inner Market to
Sunday + Wine = Endless Love Affair
.. (@ Vogue Cafe in Riyadh)
I will, thank you
A Godwink.
Cig n cocktail wht life is about
I wholeheartedly agree Chip. This was definitely an your obvious sign. Good job Mom
Happy birthday to the big homie been solid since I was a young one appreciate you ! Enjoy your day always love
Making a point to do this every single day!
One min did I read palak she sended her wishes through you aww
I think a million greeting words isn't enough to show how grateful we have you in this world happy birthday uri
Jamais a critiquei
It let me dm you send me one first I got you
Awe. Imissyou na
Miss you too
Been a long time coming
Valentine
This year you're mine 394WK!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
& pls
Just let me be your only Choice No need for PLAN B
MAGA 45 MONDAY EXPRESS
"...Together, we will Make America Great Again!"
Let's be MAGA 2gether,
my heart
Ci auditions are today and I'm sad that I'm not there, but good luck to everyone auditioning
The hands that i would never let go
Avneil
You heard it here first. Glad you enjoyed it
That's absolutely amazing! I'm so happy you could get rid of that stuff, even facing the
Fall made me self comfortable with the leaves May
Everyone have a GreatSunday! Think from the East Coast! 5:5
19:19 ptit chat
That's absolutely amazing! I'm so happy you could get rid of that stuff, even facing the
Yess! Definitely showed mad love
Te amoooo
MOVIE DATE TONIGHT
Happy birthday BI
1996 October 22
Cant Wait To See You
Miss you so much
Glad my mom is pretty
Thank you, thank you, thank you for this awesome speaker. I never thought it could be so great! Totally
Aww my hearteww
uwu
My chest is a little heavier than usual. see you again one day mom. Happy 42nd birthday!
Como eu amo
now. donations today alone
My wife is so gorgeous. Just look at this beautiful woman glowing
Nada
been a long journey mate proud of you, congratulations
welcome my friend
November 15th here!!
Feliz tarde lindo levyfans y a tod@s!
U r So beautiful and hot baby girl I Ur big trasero
Tonight is gonna be so good
the only thing i live on is faith
It was the best night ever ugh
retweeting to hopefully get your attention on this issue in the UK.
why so hot and cute hope to see you in person.
Never loved like this . .
just look at this swit angel with the bumbum
Best Suraj scenes
Happy birthday to our dearest genius handsome hanbinnie Thank you for being born as leader
The best in the world
She is Beautiful what a great accomplishment for her.
omg i really expect ot9 to have a comeback.... so happy been a long time
i was like thats not my damn name then i realized it was you
the boys won 29 against Cardiff Blues
cause only you can fill this empty space
- Alex Gaskarth
Perfection
Hi I know you bit fuckimg disgusting and be your family , you valid human
Its so awesome to see so Many artists coming together for this challenges Y'all should be proud
There are just not enough
On Namjoon
beautiful
Wisla
Perfection
Please send me your songs that make you weep without fail
thank you for these amazing 10 months, You've brought true happiness into my life and I'll always be blessed to have you.
Arigathanks ate prings
I like this technique too
I wish it could be me but nevertheless I'll be there in Spirit!!! your show!
Alia calls Ranveer TUTU and Ranveer calls Alia LuLu
Rydel pack
Rt/Fav if you save
Thanking god for everything
Thanks hun! Love you too
It's such a struggle to love yourself, but when you succeed, it feels incredible.
Anytime enjoy yourself and be safe! Xo
Thank you for your music
Satisfying Cake Decorating repost by
lista para en
Be her peace, had enough pain.
Khalid - Motion
This is so pretty
happiest birthday
Thank you You know how liberating this is
i love you so much babygirl, thank you dei we shall pichi blast next week okay? i promise thank
cristiana
A new bud called Ambo!
We found them hanging out in The Forests of Bo!
the best of the best.
I love you more hun
Appreciate the support
is really a special player
My heart aches for you and your family.
You will follow all the awesome ones who like and retweet this tweet
Que Tengas Un Hermoso Domingo
Valentine
This year you're mine abdohimovic!
And you, whom will be yours?
Yeeees! I watched it like the nth time already! Please release your dance practice video
Meu
earth, wind & fire - september
is now live
Hashtags though
Feliz Dia
.
.
I wait to hold my baby
so crazy about mine
I this pic
kai eu te venero
Got a lot of love for my parents
with Perfect cover by LOCA technology is coming up soon! Don't
CASANDRA MX
55 8760 3801
Jaejoong stop talking about Hyde! He is us whenever we see him. The fanboy came out uwu!
Awww congratulations happy for
Our pet enjoying a beautiful Sunday
Such a cutie! Welcome!
Truly, it is time
Yesterday was Class 159 of
I love these cows
Always blessed
e please
extremely proud of you
Is denied by me!
They so do! Funnybones was our book today
"With You" - Mariah Carey
u two are so cute my heart
last night was by far one of the best nights ever. always a good time when you hang w your besties
Good morning cheers to a productive Sunday
Much love for these people
You tweeted my last name I can die in peace
Thank you lukey! you brotha
Sophie
no love like a father has for his daughters
Te amo
Que linda foto
Itiiii
olaf
Took this pic yesterday. Bless his
Vos
and RT
Lift Up Your Head and Rejoice via
Gracias
I went to church this morning
That face.. Those rolls Dublin, Ireland
WORLDWIDE HANDSOME
All the kids in foster care would rather have two moms or two dads then no mom or no dad
Bon anniversaire !
i love you more haha
Let me just say and her Mum are queens. QUEENS!
Pobre Junpyo
No llores bebe
Love that little guy, and it seems that he can do anything..he's got an angel on his shoulder
short yet straight to the point aylabet
10082018 I am so lucky and blessed
You are.
Gracias
Tabom
my moma always try to make me feel better
6-
It's okay bro.
Yes, also the music
Happy Birthday
I needed this
naraid66
kn#tmhwgy1g
love you brother
So Much love for you honey
dream come true
OMG, I was just a little older than Summer when I Turn To You was my lullaby to sleep.
Tu me manques.
If your reading this, I hope you have a blessed day
I miss her so much
Awesome views priceless amazing gorgeous I like it I love it
More wedding pics
You deserve it and more:) I hope we made you smile and you took it by surprise
can you not a get a train , bus or national express bus
I care about you girl!! I just silently admire and support
Your impact!
my sayang also can feel it will support you no matter what love
Mano, hj eu vou deitar e me acabar de ver Doctor Who.
Rosa Parks & Martin Luther King Jr
We the work that we do here. And all our
Horror nights tonight
how do u feel any ur little brother being more insta famous than u haha lol jk
Over 200k in 48 hours ! Thank you Kindly Retweet,watch and share so we hit 1 million views in a week
Took a great selfie this morning
Lvoe you Mo if you need anything, you know where to find me!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! BAHAGIA SELALU YA, WISH YOU ALL THE BEST!
My heart is still so full
Open today $15 for 100 deal today love u guys
Somtimes hearing ' I am there for you'
feels much better than ' I love you'
porque me gustaron
Best soundtrack
childish because I care
S-Chassis is Life
I agree! Loved the red dress!
Definitely cast...
Life is short.
Love, just flirt.
I LOVE MY BOOYYYYSSS
Minha coroa
And Your Beauty Never Sleeps
Lovely photo, enjoy your break from your tour Shania, you deserve it
This remains one of the greatest lines of SPN and cemented Missouri as a beloved character!
You're f*cking amazing! thank you for take a stand against this bs. That's one of the reasons why we love you
Fabulous looking forward to it
BLESS MY BROTHER
Oc? Oc
Black boy joy
Namaz parh rhi thi...
Wby??
Menina, Papai Do Ano Te Amo
Your lippy is everything.
The is always watching. Miss these faces Sausagefest Las Vegas
grateful that lil aves always goes along with my photo ideas. happy birthday, babes.
It always makes me happy
some of my family still tryna figure out why im gay the moment i say because i titties , pussy etc . .
When you exactly don't know how to leave him/her no matter what arguements may happen is the strongest thing I keep believing!
said my vows yet unconditional love and support coming soon
Our new baby
Sobre ontem kkkk
"Heart, Mind & Soul" I made for my daughter elizafye
okay Kaitlyn! We can be lonely together
My FAVORITE Castle
Big boobs and a phat pussy
Vote for P!ATD
Purdue is an amazing school! Not crazy, Smart!!! . Well done last night!!
made me banana and walnut bread, what a fricking hero.
Quiero un boleto
Like this for something in your dm
off to from had a great afternoon Bridge
essa fase do chris as monel season 2 foi um lindo
Kate Beckinsale
Mr.Cleese I looked up to you as a teen and I still do.
Happy, happy birthday Siku and mama Sunyei you are the future of Africa, thanks to Sheldrick Wildlife
Ily last night was so fun!
I LOVE YOU MORE
Thank you
si
You have no fingers Ziggy!
Paper Flowers & beer.
happpy bday gal
Empressss
Taehyung enjoying himself in Paris, yesss what my baby deserves
Matando a sdds desse fdp, amo mt
Always beautiful annaasia in last night at cffawardsofficial Los Angeles,
I BELIEVE
waiting for jake's movie with joaquin phoenix
Looking for great book recommendations? New book blog with a seasoned book blogger! Love Ashes Books & Bobs!
Youre welcome
No movie, no tv show, no Twitter, no social..... I miss sooooo much her absence is like a
God give me strength. guidance.
Thank you so much
Always by your side
cheering for these wonderful amazing people.
I myCity
Nice one cher!!
Halsey
I stream fortnite almost daily I will follow back all
Cliche but a carriage ride around Central Park is Carrie Bradshaw and Big vibes in the I NY episode.
Correction lips on sunday evening
Happy Sunday loves... I slept in today and it felt amazing.
be joining in tag but all so beautiful
Thank you Lord
Valentine
This year you're mine abdohimovic!
And you, whom will be yours?
Happy Belated Motherfuckin Dubz !!! I Be Skimmin Through The Net, Apoligies My G Hope U Enjoyed Ya Anniversary
Last look
HOCO 2018
and WE do have the greatest president
The nature has music for those who listen.
Follow
.
.
.
happy birthday miss you alot! tc, gb!!!
SIIIII FELICIDADES , TE LO RE MERECES CAPO
Throwback to the coolest moment of my life with my favorite six months later & I'm still
On the list of friends that I miss, you are super close to the top! zouheir.el.baba
When it comes to GOD there is no luck. called BLESSINGS. I wish you well.
Oh my god congratulations love
No. 2 Trending in Indonesia
I love you too
SISWET19 DURCH TEEN IS HORNY AND LIVE NOW!
ready to make her squirt?
sign-up for free below
Co-host love
I like to imagine a fairy living under it
Give me all the Milo. I'm here for it.
Yes
she would never be this big now
Perfect strangers - lil wayne
The best support for Edin, &
That looks so beautiful
Bissmillah i and you
Mom suer Betty great grandma and great Grandpa and macoute
all these theories.. ugh our minds
A rattler by heart
Damn wtf. Stay safe please
all my besties.
We had an extremely busy and successful show At Detling today and the 2 winners of our completion came to say hi. Happy Sunday Rockers
Yeah man! with
That's actually beautiful
Happy bday, B.I oppa
You're most welcome!!! See you soon, Kathy!
Merci Namjoon
Rayvontay did great with gmom last night he loves Gaby
so grateful for trinity fellowship. my heart is so full.
sleep wears, beddings and towels are soo my thing! Laundered, ironed and just waiting to used.
Egso is the best
Key word : This person
Kodwa Sawubona Ngodoyi , uyaphila nja ndin ?
I him.
HBD FAMILY...... Will E Davis Sr.
Well, please educate yourself:
Have a nice day. Hope you meet some nice people out there.
Sweet dream, baby
Dream of me too.
Love you
Chill sis
I love you too bitch
...ok ok..for cool we are all super human voices
glad people find this useful and glad I could be of help
help a fan out!
Living in Chicago but my home is really in Houston
Got to go hard on this tune rising star
God bless the Kavanaugh family
gonna make this go viral
To all the boys loved before book
are all
My heart is pure gold come thru for anybody cause I know one day the Lord gone bless me
Kkkkk olha o core
Thank you. I mean that.
When you say silent you are complicit. Xx
Finally Cosmetics The Palette 18 shades, metallic and foil. Luxurious red
This one's so good Do have a look
JENSHAD
The world needs more Amelia! Looking forward to your first stream!
Valentine
This year you're mine ixs4m!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
So handsome!
Awieeee!!! so much love!!!
I want a lil gf, my hearts bigger than my big ass head I promise
Hi Kid I love you
Conheci pessoas
LOVE THIS Well done
pitico
meu menino
my favorite Jean
in my
Demais
happy birthday miss you a lot! tc, gb!!!
Good night babe, and thank you for tonight
Protegamos a este bebito de todo siempREEE
Can't believe mentioned my best friend
Meu bem
Thank you!
Just one more week & on PTO wait for Tennessee with my momma
I think said it better than I do.
Please add me in your list
God got his hands you
Ignorance is bliss
Happy Sunday Community-
1st I would like to thank all you guys for loving on me yesterday for my
Np bestie I promise you, when I find that attacker, they'll pay dearly
Proud of you
Chin up broski x
I always had them on
Ntwa ka
It does
All those oysters ... gonna be horny as hell watch that of yours
BerBBQ dengan member with unplanned.
Yes baby I did
Pola
See you in 6 days love
She is a beautiful lady
I love to be surrounded with funny people
Beautiful morning to wake up to a Jean Swanson win in Vancouver - congrats to everyone who worked so hard at
Indeed
you definitely have the strongest team! Me some kelly!
Missed you my dude lost my voice and everything
En vain
Thank you
Good morning from Manhattan Beach. Ma knows I love these beach walks.
goodnight, i love you char yak
Love all your videos, keep up the great work
Congratulations both of u
La plus belle
I love my hood rat friends honestly
Valentine
This year you're mine 179ARS!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
perfect!
Graduation boy
If I did it for you it came from the
Masheh wak all the best to you too midterm hehehehheehhe
I think I missed your birthday but HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! and also LIBRAS REPRESENT
This has been me the last couple months. been loving it
About Last Night jennwilz
keep me in your prayers please, really struggling today
How old will you be on your next birthday? 22! Excited here!
My man, congrats
Dancing with the feet is one thing, but dancing with the heart is another
Best of luck may your hard work reward u
Que guapo I swear el es mi obsession lo do all the locuras with himsi solo fuera
36th One Day International ton
60th International ton
Simply legend and he'll keep going... Many more to come
im peeing from happiness
Alice e Miguel
OT9 is here.. our boyzz r coming to shake the world
She liked my tweet
Vay bee
I JUST PRINTED OUT MY TICKETS AND NOW I STOP CRYING, SO SO HAPPY
it
Jikook lockscreens + couple
fav se gostar
rt se salvar
print se usar
~Luna
My cutest bean
I need the honey milk tea rn
All the best baby for your convocation tomorrow May Allah ease everything. So proud of you
sorry if i'm late
What a lovely weekend it was
i love my main and back up mcm
My oldest
I stream Fortnite almost everyday I will follow back all
Being with you is just incredible
Missed these when they were posted last week! Great pics . Many thanks for sharing
Love you friend! texting you right now.
this was nice to wake up to thank you I you!
What a beautiful lady on her birthday...Love you Sonia
thankyou lord
home is just the best place
Thank you baby
Thanks babe!!! Hope u get to feelin better, miss seein you everyday! Love u
Valentine
This year you're mine qrioc!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
I REALLY NEED TO SLEEP
Sunday planting in my yard with Juju feeling blessed
Sorry to shag my friends arse but I adore them
Mum's handsome boy
Gives the old happy vibes
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: Sale American Eagle Outfitter Jeans Size
Solidarity with Sir Taimur Rahman against religious extremism.
8 meses, te amo
gusta el nuevo look de
Si
No
I hope you'll get better soon. We love you. You'il be stronger than ever. We believe in you.
The Wizard
Thanks appreciate it a bunch
Siii
Sending all the love to my parents and aunt for running the Scotiabank Toronto Waterfront Half Marathon!
BARILOCHE SOS INSUPERABLE
LA BANDA DEL PERRO SIEMPRE EN EL
Thanks boo ! Means a lot
you! You know where I am if you need to talk!
I knew this though bc Ily
Have a Great Sunday! Spend time with your family and friends
Thank you
Brunch Date w/ Poppy. at The Shack
Family time eating dinner at Dua Hotel Clifton
CHARLOTTE IS HORNY AND LIVE NOW!
ready to make her squirt?
sign-up for free below
Become
You will feel refreshed. Leave all your hurts at the alter and let God. It defeats the purpose if you pray and still worry
Lucky to have this one Port of Everett Marina
Ah! Words of love have been said in this thread
So me. A night person
Ask me to do anything including
Happy birthday
And I love you
I'm so unbelievable happy for you Ayla you guys deserve it so much. And I can't believe your
Cassper Nyovest really appreciates his loyal fans I stan
Love you to the moon and Back
Im just so thankful to have supportive friends
AWWWW MY HEART IS SO HAPPY. THESE SONGS ARE ALREADY IN MY PLAYLIST BTW
The only group i like
It's my first time to witness OT9
i joined in this fandom last year (mar 23 2017) and it took me 1 year and
If you in my circle you a square and you belong here
Two of my favs in one pic
Best wishes from
Happy birthday to myself !!!
hiii
Amo, gordice..
cleared the Bootleggers Fourways shelves of Dieu Donne Chardonnay what a find!!
Beautiful princes T-girl
Nice boobs
Wonderfull cookc
Ugh I wait for dis, so cute
happy birthday beautiful!! hope you have a great day
BOOOOM!
Bet 3 lands!
in the bank..
Turn notifications on
Like and Share
+1
I truly appreciate this , sometimes my mood gets rough and things like this are medicine , you are such a doll
Thank u udah ngadain ga wish me luck
Awww this is so sweet I 2
a momentous day, happy 11th birthday bb
hey, I'm new on twitter and posting postsheets for you. I hope you like the sayings.
Oreo cheesecake please
cousin & inlaw
Thanks alot dear
bringing Ryder a whole bouquet of flowers my heart
with repostlyapp Do what makes your soul shine- and do a lot of it
Moi ! Un plaisir
Just people living life to the full on a street in Glasgow! My kinda party
Taken too soon. miss u brother
Heres my very pale very biseuxal ass jumping into this hashtag
Happy bday B.I oppa
Plena kkk
Life can be pretty dull without a lil fuck in it :-||
imong mama!! HAHAHAHAHAHA no worries!!!
Honestly made my day
Me el fin de semana y me fui para New York
De 2001 pra vida inteira
Thank you so much! so happy to hear enjoying it!
Beautiful.
I am already thinking of that day when we have our photograph and you will put caption,
" My Man ".
my childhood
Sebastian Stan is the definition of what a genuine person is and has a laugh that can make you smile.
Lively conversations, hilarious jokes and spontaneous adventures hahhhh
The miss you both
Se eles fecha 10 a 10. Eu e tu fecha 11 a 11, te amo meno
Send me a nude everyday
happy birthday to my baddddd bitch
Thank you!
Leo
Probably one of??? You must be insane DJ scheme ABSOLUTELY IS THE BEST dj in the world go ahead and fix that for me please !
Vamos ter um book de fotos sim rs
Lindinho
I simply love her too much to ever give up on her.
Church flow I tell a child of God
My cutie pie, always smiling at me
FAIS MOI UNE DEEPTHROAT INES Pardon ?
that really makes no sense, but go off. have a nice day
Hiiii!!!
Yea good taking everyday one step at a time . Wbu ? How you been I miss you too love
heart is not judged by how much you love, but by how much you are loved by
Its out
Bday nights out are the best in our group always go full out for everyone
he loves you too boo
Missed these when they were posted last week! Great pics . Many thanks for sharing
Valentine
This year you're mine _Courtliness_!
And you, whom will be yours?
with martinschnittka
YOU ALWAYS DESERVE THE BESTEST IN THE WORLD
my boy, who's always full of love.
This breaks my
Obrigado clay!
Actors so men played women. They spent years learning feminine gestures and mannerisms. So a woman
omg!! thank you so much so excited
Good morning twitterverse everyone up to today?
I love this
just one day? Honestly, should be everyday!!! love you girly!!!
family The Hermitage Woodland Walk
your breakfast tweets make me hungry bro. lol have a great sunday
Thank you!!
I Absolutely Love My Grandpa
ILYSB
I left 1 single rose tho if you get someone who helps build yourself as you do the same keep it. This shit
Forks of the Credit Provincial Park
Joined As A Content Creator! Massive Thanks To And
All praise to God for waking me up today. so grateful for everything I have
Awww
Beyond honored to be maid of honor to this beautiful bride.
Love my sister
Thanks for the support
You're absolutely the kindest to give us so many treats everyday.
This child moon crawls . I want one
!!
A Festival Release for Rajinikanth after 14 years..
*muah* Catch the flying kiss!
Sunday stroll Manchester, United Kingdom
Literally have no interest in reading lately. Fanficition all the way! All the good stuff
Happy Birthday!!
Much needed weekend with my family celebrating Andrew & Jacqlyn FINALLY tying the knot Petoskey, Michigan
I want to be as charismatic as my mother
u r the sweetest halsey
We will surely love if someday a collab bet and Halsey would
A meaningful song, beautifully written and sung Always a fav
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: SALE Lucky Brand Jeans Size
Friends a reminder,
No matter what race, gender, sexuality, and religion you are, you matter. YOU are valid and loved
Semi permanent brows
Harlow, Essex
I think my favorite skill from training
Very hard day at work. Today we held a fair to help homeless animals againI have no strength. It is pleasant
U my baby are such a show stealer!! Am so proud of you, that u have worked so hard on yourself and still
Kim Taeyeon I love you
Thank you for singing
Please stay healthy and sing for a long time
I got a new job that I really, really wanted. So thrilled.
125 - ||
A little of you is better then a lot of everyone else
OMG
Santa
Du weisst gar nicht wie dankbar ich Dir bin srsly
Five guys and cinema... perfect treat
the real MVP
She doesn't and she has explained multiple times why she hasn't, we respect her
Proud of our guys
Nouveau fond
Magnus: Reassure him tell him you love him.
Also Magnus: CALL THIS BISH A CHILD
o-okay, not a fansite, zhe said. bUT THE PICS ARE CJXJD
I concur. We see you and support you
Because you are wanted, I leave you,
I love this such great cause
Goodluck final exam rakan rakan saya yang start paper tomorrow! All the best ya
OH SEHUN
bias es perfecto
pd: demuestren todo ese amor EXO-L
Bhopal
Thank you!!!
I have had so many sleepless nights and ridiculously busy days but FINALLY the new
Jay would be so proud of you
My just back from Trinidad. Ran into German boat owners while at his boat dock.He was told, Germans Trump! &
Just looked at my schedule lit
Black Kings Brotherhood ON and OFF the court it
The Friendship Bench
"They needed, in other words, to speak the language of their patients. So in addition to
ALWAYS YOU WILL BE WITH ME & I'll feel your strength when I need it most
McKay, Rick Welborn, Nino Wilson, Juan Wilson, Donte Wilson
Once again I want to remind you about my Ko-Fi and my Amazon Wishlist !
I'm pretty hyped since it's only 2
I tried translating it and i lmao
Happy birthday to the one & only - misss youuuuu
I just booked
I Love
Amitabh Bachchan
Please Make a Film Together.. Pls plsplspls pls pls pls
*hugs back* anytime love
Courage
I Alshon
Poetic
Love that gorgeous wine.
3 very lovely young ladies and i love
i love yu.....thank u
11/10 would jump into
Only knows about my son
As do you sis. Ironically, we voted on the same day...MAGA our way!!!!
Probably repeating daddy!
I my Capi's too ( oh yea, I am one)
Bless you - one woman to another
I dont know how much you love me but seriously.. Im really happy to have a great friends like you guys..
Take me back
Banging home a good solid leg workout Life is a question and how we live it is our answer.
Open on Tuesday 1/2 price membership at the moment for new members.
*On
congrats james well deserved
I am blessed and our God is good
face so pretty to me, make up fix
MY DREAM! The award-winning Razer Blade 15 is now available with more storage and still
We pulled it off!!!
Wait omg. This gif is absolutely adorable! Thank you lovely!
wife... Sabko aise patni mile life m
Just loved the 1st episode of it is the best episode looking very
I absolutely adore If you following her missing out.
Can you please follow me my bday.
People suck. Thank god there are people like you that make me believe there are still good ones out there
so sorry. thinking of you
You are my heart! maleesirichay Vientiane, Laos
lindos!!!!!!
I'm so proud of you
If you want to be respected, place a high value of yourself
HAPPY BIRTHDAY HANBIN
ready for that fat 1M tage, huge congrats
Finished just a beginner took 5hrs.
From the first picture to the second picture he has come a long way. Congratulations love
A heart is a deep ocean of secrets.-
Real relationship goals
Thank you!!!
This is cute
Postales
Thx Court!!
thank you for sharing your perspective :)
I am so very blessed
Sex bomb
Sensaciones
Ahh I sure hope so thank you lovely.
WE ARE ANNUAL PASS HOLDERS AGAIN
I may not be perfect but I'm me and no one can change that
C'est ton chien ? Sinon il es beau.
Realising my Treeco could evolve a THIRD time - from Grovyle into Sceptile - on Ruby
Are automatically yours
love you bb. I know you're going through a tough time
its the most beautiful thing love you and them
Good morning
Rip JuiceTheGod
this reminds me of us
This is debutant Ashi Singh , I can't wait To See Experienced Actor Ashi Singh To Slay My Screen
But even when things get really tough, all it takes is just one friend to get you through it.
If you're lucky, find more than one.
Follow everyone who LIKES and RT this
yes definitely
// How Princess Leia and Carrie Fisher both fought sexism in Hollywood via
O Senhor me formaste
Here comes the bride
i am so beyond proud of you. i love you
That would have worked too
O'Fallon, Missouri
Oh, I'm so glad to hear you
I also learn so much
Ruki san also misses us
Fav = Origin Account (OP creo :v)
+1 Ganador
Follow@ItsRooniKz
Add me everyone
aaaaah
Happy birthday BFF I believe finally 18! Thank you for always being the sweetest most loving
Good luck baby.
I hope everyone really enjoys 'Rosa'! As usual, I'll be back right after the episode to discuss it with you all
Haha this!!!
Protect yourself
Happy Birthday friend
im so sorry for your loss, sending all my love and condolences
As soon as we found out about it ... but it's fine
his and hers
Out to eat with my best friend
Thank you so so much
you're so sweet love ya babe
temporary babe - the best is yet to come
My church girlfriends are the best!
happy bday babe
No question. Just wanna say you look lovely.
Oh, she is adorable
sheriee I miss teasing you tas whenever i tease you naka fist ka cutiee small but terrible i
Destructive Brenton
Let's go more higher
We are all excited about OT9!!
Yixing
Capitan Marvel
Capitan Fantastic
Capitan courageous
An honour,
Sobbing listening to book. Everything about this is my teenage years. Thank you for sharing this
12 Authors Write About the Libraries They Love via
17 da nat amo
Thank you !!
I X-maS
I just wait to hand the lovely Starts & Snowflakes Lealu-Sweets
Happy Birthday friend! I am so proud of you and what you have accomplished over the years!!!! Continue to stay Blessed, Love you!
free at last. It was a good run, much love
I stand with Jim! doing a great job in a very hostile environment.
What I would give to have this man back
so worthy Jesus
En bombe
Happy birthday baby
I Lucy; I am grateful Lucille Ball brilliantly reminds us to choose more self-love, 'I have an everyday
proud of you
It sucks that it took so long bro you really should be more popular cuz you're so good at what you do man. Congrats on one mil
Um amor de pessoa
your babymother dammit Facts I CAN SEE
Thee Only Female DMV ARTIST
What Selena & Cardi deserve
Meu primeiro crush
notice me kyah I can't get over with your smile likeeee I'm living for it
Awwww. I sometimes look for my glasses when I'm wearing them, so genius is a bit much but thanks sooooo much!
I'm wishing you a happy birthday uri leader
I'm so grateful to know you and your group in this world
OhhhOhhUiiiiiiiii Baby love I think the texture of your skin
Will complement the leather
When you're
Yassssss!! I miss those days with my mom, enjoy everything moment boo!!
Running, jumping
Do what you
Missing my peoples hard.
Thank you beautiful
Love you too, Little Winchester
You do that amazingly! thank you
The only tears you should be crying are happy ones from a DM me for a surprise
my biggest wish is that nothing and no one end with our connection te amo
Please excuse my singing at the end!
Kissss!!!!
Mi bb
Lewandowski curtindo o Domingo com sua
right!!
Insanity continues
I've never really liked the colour yellow until did THIS Such a beautiful queen
this was absolutely the cutest thing ever
I Love
Amitabh Bachchan
Follow your heart. It knows the way
You the best
thats good !
Meta de vcs / minha meta
Great! I'll watch that next! Thanks for the reccommdation
You feel the vibe, contagious
No te preocupes
I never wear my glasses outside work so I can use this excuse all the time
First ever Jersey furs meet today! Went so well and was great finally meeting people!
thank you Grace!
bby i love you
That's what I thought too
You are welcome
erainab: Twilight babies
Ajjsjd RIGHT. I saw a post by the international fanbase
bom
Throwback to when I met &
Oi hun stop it you are gorgeous just the way you are
Feliz cumple!
Bitch Im a cow!
Perfect.
cONFIRMED NA WALA KAMING WORK SA NOV 2 HAHAHAHUHUHU MALAYA AKO BUONG ARAW TO FANGIRL FOR
stan you until the day I die
Who could possibly say that Trump is not the most fascinating president of our time. .
Jass legit listens to Indian club bangers. LMFAO you dad
This girl Savana got my heart racing,she bad, i it.
"Love me"
Our world is in desperate need of more Nicholas Wintons.
Eu i meu Viado
Exactly.
playyyyyy holy crap first my buddy kndrk gets black ops 4 and now my goat does
Congratulations
Why are u girls (?!) so pretty ?
mono is coming. i love u RM
This is Awesome you guys
[HQ | 21.10.18] || Busan Asia Festival
() Demasiado hermoso;;
Cr. Owner
| Lee Daehwi
Another right here I think
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: SALE Calvin Klein Jeans Size
We are proud to have you
You Made my day I love you
I you so much girlie!!
Cartoon
For:
By: I
+=
Big Performance Jojo
So cozy! Thanks for stopping in.
Best of luck today . Go get it champ
oooh bossy !!!!
i love my baby trade that girl for nun
I skate but it was still a fun time
they look and sound amazing
Read and learn then comment thereafter
This is beautiful! Thanks for sharing it with us. Enjoy your Sunday!
Ahahahahhaha thx bro I just tried my best, playing with my country against my team
I LOVE HER we're all dying in the gc
ily so so so much hoe
6tA1ht2WGz
He lost his old account with 300k!
Then he came back! From 0 to 1 Million we witnessed everything this
Kiss and Make Up - Dua Lipa ft. BLACKPINK.
Tbh thanks to Kookie and his GCF's I discovered new songs that I now adore. Thank you Kookie
Happy bday Our leader cant wait to see you next month!
I think Rome is my fav ever city Only downside is I can never feel the same about eating pizza and pasta over
this Giveaway
Whose lives are about to change again?
Crimson Melodies by Grace
This pic keeps popping up on my TL, I it so much
SWANSEA BOUND
I love you so much Hann, thank you for everything I wait to see you in December
We dropping hits for Christ
Good morning, I just woke up to some menudo
im in the creases now
. Who could possibly say that Trump is not the most fascinating president of our time. .
3B
Always!!
Wallpaper (Meu rs rs)
+ Se quiser
THANK U MARY ANN going to nyc next yr painumin kita dun HAHAHAHA
rite stay on they
hello... hi can we get married already? Lol
an angel
It seems I am finally going back to the old me. The yummy me
Same tau be, tlga eh. i remembered
Same
I appreciate that so much. Thank you for existing
I love you too
Congrats Kendall so happy for you!! You deserve it
FONDOS DE PANTALLA
_
_
________________________________________
God!!! If this also happens then I don't know what I'd do
Goodnight baby
Art & Video by
Thor Gary
Awwww Rocket what a little love bug
Mis as always
F1 voy siempre LH
Y mis pumas
Y bueno. Siempre se vuelve a donde fuiste feliz
Zaroor
1 2 3
Do re mi
Hana dul se
I'll love y'all even more everyday every second
As y'all are my sources of happiness
I've made up my mind. Ngihamba no Thato, the smile, charisma, confidence, hunger
Muharrem ince
Love it
Aww your so pretty MA
I get to meet my son today
Meu amor
I love every single moment of my work
More than welcome man
Anne. Look at your beautiful face, full of love and laughter I feel your pain. But being a
That helped thankyou
Heyy, get off me man!
You feel the vibe, contagious
Hey, sexy who do you belong to???? Me? That's right
oktoberfestes
fuck dude, i love them so much
happy birthday
Heartfelt! Hope your sister love grows with each day. Always stay happy.
Ethan
Some people make the world Special just by being in it
7 hours practice with my academy was good. Thanks my coach for this constant motivation
The best hero
worth it
thank you!!!!
e shall go forth, hand in hand, most of the time.
It's all good my bro, work on yourself first then remember anyone else remember that
My big boy
milleche hahah
Very suspicious after what seen a few times. They will get a great taste of their own karma.
Meus amores
Family is fully online but super interactive, I actually just won an award for it being a high quality online class
Aww Steph no problem at all! I hope you got there okay
ily
ily
Nothing better then having afternoon cuddles with my faviorte little man!
Autumn
OMG THANK YOU
Aww thank you and of course I have cause Louis -
My baby
Aww, hope you can catch another show in the future! It really was one treat of a night
You guys are such a cute couple We love watching your daily vlogs just as much!
Alright she is just tooooo perfect
How is your weekend? I enjoy it and today still remanining Join to enjoy with me this sunday !
worry mami come back around when the series over in 5
Dolphins fans heckling Packer Guy going for my heart
Ya this is cool but if you do PTA films HARD EIGHT falls to number eight
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
1 PSYCH B
Insert 1 PSYCH A
Gonna miss u all
Turn your wounds into wisdom
Yoh ... always grateful.
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: Louis Vuitton Clutch . via
I'm sure you'll do well! Siha is cheering for you and so am I
Mi hermosa familia
I Love
Amitabh Bachchan
Sunday
Best chicken ever!! Incredible place Captain + Stoker Coffee
Un gusto conocer las instalaciones!
MINHA VIDA
A love is pure perfection My Love Muffin had to sure my sweater was zipped up this morning in
Thanks patsy, yeah I have
Hope is having a great day
Indescribably stunning and breathtaking
Listen my heart is so smol for handle you beauty :( pls my heart can't take it anymore bub i'm
Please do follow my prettiest love please tweethearts
Sorry
Always Reeses cups!!
Sip que no problem
Look at these cute earrings my aut and uncle got me from back home hand painted on a feather
You already know I love that taba one
Me sigam
Ik glad you good though
BTS , you miss me
Damn i want to see again
What a film
Dance, Magic Dance We saw Ludo and just *HAD* to get a pic! Badass costume! Fayetteville, North Carolina
Love BTS like us?? Show off your non fake love for the boys with a special VT X BTS toothbrush set or a
Yes!
~positive energy
Hello Mr COMMON once you identify your purpose, you'll tap directly into your DESTINY, if you seek-it, you'll find-it.
The word dying scares me. But the that no one else is huge. Hang in there.
Bel Air has the Best Faculty Ever !
My oldest sister Angie came thru for
Love surrounding myself with dope people, yesterday was so much fun
filho
Sksksk thank youu Hun
To my longest friend, I love you
Babe got me a spooky basket, honestly the luckiest girl ever.
Thoughts & prayers with his family
Perks of working at a store that displays these cutouts. Welcome home, tiny cutout versions of badass women
eu tava mto linda ontem, podefala
I real life fixed my car and now I'm cracking on EVOs and STIs like a late night snack.. BOOST will do that for yah
Women like you make me proud to be one.
esse cabelo
The beauty of pass rushing man I love my coaches and my team nothing better than football
Oooooo yes please
You are welcome. Glad I had you in my session
i love you the most wait for episode! so happy and proud to have your back in this amazing experience
Hi Christine i wish you a restful and peaceful Sunday my dear
Congratulations
i just woke up lol gotta start that day off positive
Thank you, for bringing awareness to
Celinee is a blessing she brought so much fun and joy to my life
Hope we get d chance to c her again wid Tarak
Love it
6 "Amazing Grace" 'Soul/Jazz'
This is your Sunday evening reminder that you can handle whatever the coming week throws at you.
You got this!
Me sigam
I legit love you so much. I feel the same about you and Ry uhhg
I really beat my procrastination this weekend I did everything I set out to do , a productive weekend
Behind each of these doors is a free message for you! Which are you drawn to? Like & Share, you must be following me
HAPPY 18th BIRTHDAY TO MY OTHER HALF!! thank you for everything done for me these past years.
Thanks!! Miss you too bro!!
Stay strong brother thoughts and prayers to your mom and whole family
Aww , yay! I love Ashton && thank you!!!
Brown eyes was never my favorite until I saw yours
Mr Zarak,s portrait MashaAllah beside his cabinet full of PAF souvenirs
Pakistan
Me sigam
Minha vida
Thank you so very much!!
you're so hot, it's inspiring
They make defenders like this anymore, inspiration
My day 1 shooter thanks so much for being there for me since the jump I appreciate you a ton big love out here dogman
Happy birthday Crystal, miss you
151021
Eu amo esse sorriso
CONGRATS!! You just looked radiant! What a beautiful bride!! wait to see more photos!
Always room for 2
One of my favorite places, Enjoy
do you have a recent black and white photo of you to use as my pinned tweet?
What they said
Congrats
i love you so much more please love of my life!!!!!
You too gorgeous
Oh my god I stop sniffing my baby. THAT SMELL. My ovaries.
I love you so much Li, you're admirable
GENTLEMAN THANK YOU for respecting women
Hello Raceday. Good Luck To the boys in Red. Win or Lose, with you guys Always. Kick Ass today
Thanks love
The first party makeup I've done myself.
No filters, no edit, just makeup and lights. I'm so proud channeling
thank you!!! Miss u so much. Love ya tons
How gorgeous is the shade Geisha from such a depp red and so hydrating whilst super matte a
Thanks! Delighted you enjoyed it
Aaay thank you girl !! Miss you loads, you baller
Please share this to spread awareness
RIP Woody
Don't suffer in silence
He always loved and respected us so much Not all the artists have a special heart to do the same. ..
i'm happy for you too
I miss Ruki too
of all of them!
dh
I might post some more up too
You too bro
Happy Birthday to our precious cutie Mary!!! LUV U SO MUCH
RIP Uncle Jabo we love you
27. I Know You, an amazing book to learn about personalities
Congratz James!! Well deserved!! Love you buddy
Hey girl cute pic
Happy to see it works out!! ^o^ Thank you for using it!!
I really really love youngboy
Good Morning Sister's! Happy GAMEDAY to you All Let's get this win today
[Giveaway] To celebrate of teaser out with OT9!!!! I'll be givingaway 1 set
Pin badge + chanyeol
rtxrt!
Very lovely
Awieeee!!! so much love!!!
Awesome I've voted for you twice I'll be voting for you again Ted Cruz
Se manca Owinilson KKKKK
I am a sobbing mess
Basically our entire friendship lolol
Live Love life
welcome thank you for following me back amazing
babe is bringing me coffee and breakfast in bed since sick so blessed to have this man
heating up!! Here are some summer essentials
We love the Cosrx Clear Fit Blemish Cushion, Too Cool for
Valentine
This year you're mine _marge_ev!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
nothing more satisfying than seeing this guy still giving his all. Refusing to give up.
I will be streaming tonight but once Doctor Who is done
I also made it to my niece n nephews primary program at 9 this morning, my favorite little bots ya girls winning the day okooo
Long car ride and oldies kind of day
Meeting again, and got a high five off Emilia! Glorious day
Sexy and cute~ Very nice~
Real big but real deal slime
Igualmente uwu
Looking forward to game
we lost an army today, may she rest easy now sending my prayers and condolences to her family
Yess spooky nat
Hey girl hey My oldest friends Adrienne & Shawnda
He's perfect
The vibes gives off, reflects onto me and puts me in such a better mood. Love our hour long car talks
love you
definitely going next year again Pomona, California
Thank you
My sweet Penelope.
any suggestions on where to die?
Being a Directioner and army I love this thread so much and hoping for more interactions .
ATTN: Follow all the people who like and retweet this
Calvin Klein's in2u Her is now ONLY for 100ml
Rate this deal
for
Te Amo
June pa after grad para well deserved. Hehehe promise yan see you
FOLLOW !!!
thanks bro
Sharing Is Caring...
Stuart Ross Is One Of My Mentors From The Online Business I'm Building Up.
You Don't
with the prettiest girl I know
Wished the world would stop for an moment as we here forever we need to appreciate the environment and
SL65
all love sis.
The Goonies
Mom and Dad
FROM PARIS WITH LOVE! new VIXEN full scene is now available! Check it out today
This is so beautiful
Dialogue
Though...
Chen
Dont mess up my tempo
weareone.exo
Happy mf birthday my lil sister have a good day fam much love
Namjoon deserve all these loves A monotone picture of joonie for the upcoming mono playlist
UK Love
-
a rec hockey player aged 51 from the UK. Love your videos mate! All the best and keep the
Made my fathers day
Halo- To my future somebody.
My Boy hit 6 Million on Instagram! So proud of you!
In his normal state:
VA:
FL:
SD:
RI:
From her point of view, he's terribly
Thank you for all that you do, my inspiration and my motivation. life is hard, and you
I really love the game of basketball
please follow me your favorite twitch girl jeresygirl40 :)
payden i literally love you so much thank you
Such an amazing young lady!!! love the makeup!!! Stay inquisitive and shoot for the stars!!
and RT
Me sigam
shawn you're the moon of my light and the sun of my shine, i love u so much
It's Truly A Magical and Classical Innings Virat. Well played cap ji
Wishing my fav couples Mr. (Passionate Lover) and Miss (Barbie Doll), a
Familia linda amo tanto
Happy birthday to my mans. Wish I could be there to celebrate with you.
Hit me Baby one more Time
Great 40th class reunion. Good to see my classmates
Turn my notifications
FOLLOW everyone who RETWEETS + this
Appreciate you all chilling with me today
Finishing WL 14-4 think I can put myself trough playing
SHERRY
55 7447 0387
Visita su perfil
Living Forest photoset for your Sunday!
Absolutely hrvy
Hey nocturnals! Please help me to decide this. Thank you
Follow this link to support ALGH and to donate to the Special Olympics
I will never quit on you
You are beloved!
so happy and at peace alhamdulilah
Rather lovely afternoon in the dugout with the legend that is Roy Evans.
BKK
we love you 2
a la and
My heart
Orgulho desse Coral, desses Jovens kkkkk
a night w/ him iloooveyouuuu always
Me sigam
Um amorzinho
Love is Crazy;
I am grateful Lucille Ball brilliantly reminds us to choose more self-love, 'I have an
Shah Rukh Khan? Salman Khan? Aamir Khan? No
He is Shahid Afridi
take you when I come back home friend
nothin but love casapueblotulum gyp_setter Casa
I really loved her She really improved alot. She touch my heart. Uwu
Framed crafts this afternoon make an extra special bespoke handmade gift here
Mami hermosa
Mi bicho
Daddy's baby girl
Me sigam
So good to see this .. best of luck for the shoot
Que amoorrr!
Indescribably stunning and breathtaking
Oh my falses edit: your love
Okey lets go
Did go to the concert? If so where, my loves
fave
Tahniah
CONGRATULATIONS taking the gamble & winning for the
All love you captain
happy birthday just remember always a day older
Thanks mummy
I love yall too. All four of yall its juss somedays i really feel like fucked
im ready
Dresses, how do you expect us to get any work done? (44 Photos)
Automatic Love
Los amo
Me: sooo ready for sweaters the pumpkin candles THANKSGIVING
Also Me: feels one hush of
This right here!! fantastic bit of writing.
Family always blood
Thank you
Congrats bby
Um ano oinnn
Jungkook
Goodnight from indonesia papa tuan
We did!
CLICK
Thank you on behalf of everyone been
ugh my m&g pose is gonna be so so funny and cute i wait
Me sigam
Cieee jadi tranding topic di worldwide
Congratulations
Love is the strongest emotion in the world, stronger than religion. Nothing is stronger than love.
Thank you my love
happy birthday baby
because you are always positive
Domingou
// *heart does the doki doki thing* stop killing me already dead
yay good news! stay strong, sending lots of love to your family
em Shopping
181015 The Rose - SORRY focus.
full ver ->
Me sigam
BEAST!!!!
ForzaMilan
ill get enough albums for the both of us and keep them safe for you
He is still working on YOU! Good Sunday lol
Hey I have a poem for you
Roses are red
Violets are blue
Would you follow me please?
Cause I really love you
at least you can make your senior year the best thing
Please don't quit!! I love your photos
My parents put these on their fridge when I was little And they still ring true today
Valentine
This year you're mine prtctlcs!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Thankyou Ateee!
Family tree king!!!
rtxrt!
I love so much! I absolutely love her new haircolor
This is the cutest thing ever. why am I crying !!!!
Bi and proud
Go watch new video
Brown bread
On behalf of the entire MS community, with you
Selma Blair: Cruel Intentions star reveals MS diagnosis
Ik late but fire
always
Cartagena linda Gracias a Dios por tanto
VENHAM PRO SQUAD MAIS SO TT
Omg thank you so much lovely
So cool how we never know where we will find inspiration.
Mon couple preffffff
And then gonna fall in love with them even more because of that.
Te amo me encantas spoon me
furthermore, i just ordered book on how she loves Swindon and how their Civic Society their
This actually means alot to her. Thank you so much
thank you babe i love you even more
you are amazing in the new episode as always of course....love you...you are the best..
seni seviyorum
Follow me please
what is your favorite song and will you come to Kansas? ilysm
Congratulations both of you
Amour Noelle my munkinnn
Gracias!!!
Flipping back and forth today between my and both on local TV for once This is fun.
courage and the best in human spirit.
Uuuu ederim
Ncooooo bless him, u're precious
Me sigam
Oh no :(. Healing vibes to the staff
Luckiest
amazing!!! I love this for us!!!
Hands down the best movie i ever saw in my whole life!
Cute Couples
Amo essa selca
I love this song very much.
Pronto, fiz a minha
My pleasure
Love this
Sinto me giro nesta foto
rtxrt!
Yea btw I loveee your dp coz I am a mouni fan
Valentine
This year you're mine shuttle_dreamin!
And you, whom will be yours?
My favorite people
Progress, not perfection. Patience is a virtue.
And finally my china sheep lay
Dont mest up my tempo
zyxzjs
weareone.exo
We really are
Including the English bulldog we plan of having
Water of Leith Walks with my
Loving the Autumn Weather
late night talk with my fav peeps
Last song of the Flicker Tour miss you Niall
Sundays are for snuggles. Find a good pillow and get to it!
.
.
The Early Bird Makers Market
November 17
wir mal appreciaten, dass meine Mutter mir einen Ravenclaw Schal strickt
From our first photo together to our latest happy one year, Hannah. I change any of it if I had a chance. I love you
Me sigam
Ouch Moe nasty little buggers I hope your going to be alright
I love Kyra soooo much. literally a gem
we compliment each other
Thank you kindly to everyone who submitted work to our Issue Two!
Thanks, Skip It must have been heart-renching for parents
i found you
Raouleya era todo lo que necesitaba
I dont know if I could ever get enough of these....
Nd
. Oshey
Ayee this melts my heart
Was so lovely to meet you safe journey home
Me sigam
Yaaaaay found a bedroom set & a living room set.
*
Love how you bring awareness to eating plant based
your mind each and ever
i love youuu
Shadowhunters!
Happy Birthday
great place, with nice stuff and atmosphere and delicious Georgian food highly recommended
Thank u so much darling.... Mother Nature is always beautiful
JenGovannicci: Project_POH thank you so much for the retweet!
Shift differential baby Plus we avoid traffic
+1
We always proud of you
cutie!!!
Ai ai
one of the best girls in my life
Sometimes things just literally fall into your lap
I really really hope
ho
Even this is my 1st jodi which I ship so muchh
vero
Done with
Great first live match
No more charge left in the mbl
Let's walk hand in hand into extinction, one last midnight...
God, I know this is you. Thank you
Small teaser for the video about our Benfiquista gathering in for Benfica x Juve
Whole video will be out
Life is you.
The reason we are all like a big family on here Miss Faye Alicia Brookes our idol
Your so gorgeous sis !!
thanks girl !
you are weird but good weird and i like that
It's not that bad tho
Me sigam
At the Eagles Game! Love my grandmother and Aunt Marsha
Familia
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: SALE Converse Sneakers Size
Perfect gift for the gift that keeps on giving
We really take little things for granted god bless
via Instagram Story
Appreciate the kind words brother
Looks good!
love you!!! hope you will find happiness again
Thanks uncle Rex!
rtxrt!
Weekends in are always better when with the right person
Grats brother.
Thank you love I love you too and I will as soon as I find out who took it no me acuerdo
Hello Gerry A bear hug to you from Brazil
Missed you guys. Take more time for yourselves
Meu amor '
welcome hope you mind but gonna just hold you for a few minutes
Happy 1000 days with !
Congratulations to our babies
I hope only the best is waiting for
Because one day Kihyun said Shownu was a really good cook
thnku
The difference in life is how we let things define us what we let control us, what we choose to control.
sorry man
Thank you
Getting older today, but im so blessed I thank God for another year in my life. I pray that God may bring more
Had a blast today! Thanks for putting on a great STM party,
having my cats wake me up in the morning with their meows. Makes me smile..
stoner for captain leadership qualities
Welcome love
my Blessing to ya..
In his HUNKED OUT state:
VA:
FL:
SD:
RI:
She's a teenage girl, okay. She likes hunks.
Hands down
Lunch date
haha this is true! And I still hold them near & dear to my heart
Compis 4life!
Hi Hey stink
Thanks Mel!
Everyone talk about Perrine. But I'd like to say, that I love that background
Ufalakee...
Raees Yameen Hinithunvefa Hunna Manzaru Fenun!!
We Need You Sir
papaw loves his girl!
Doc bbz. I was with Mapula today getting my hair did and she absolutely loves you
I was like, duh who doesn't, ke doc bbz
Miasanmia FCbayern forever fan from India
Me sigam
Late night talk yieeee
Appointment to go wedding dress shopping is made!
That's my fandom
Thank you so much!!!
Let us be ugly together
so happy for you
I just love the fact that not ashamed of them
Some6 I forget that you forgot me and I write for you silly of me. Alice
20 years of the most iconic pop legend to walk the earth We stan forever Queen
Me sigam
We had a really fun day today Northgate, Ohio
a lose-lose kinda year for the World Series. Was hoping to see the Brewers in it. See ya in February, baseball.
Thank You For The Love.
Loving
Figli di Romy Schneider e Alain Delon io vi shippo. Col cuore.
Happy Birthday po! May God bless u more
No action
Only Romance
My darling, we'll see Norway together one day, and I can't wait
You're welcome, I really hope your day gets better
Went well thank you
Amo tanto vcs duas
love you baby
You can hit my DM if you need someone to talk, baby.
Came to church for the first time in a while, and I feel so good with myself
He is greatly missed
My girl is so beautiful
Enjoying the Book Joy event in Roxbury
One of my besties final brunch date before I go home to and see my other bestie
Tough look for my guy Ron alllll through my fave book GoF. Gonna have to add to my growing HP shirt collection
crj
Talented and beautiful actress U R mam u deserves it
Hoping many more to come..
i literally love every piece of you
To All The Boys I've Loved Before ... this is on the soundtrack.
dripping flavor baby you tell
no worries! =D I don't mind at all- thank you for spreading the word!
0537 252 04 74
Thank you
Up 6-0 in the first quarter what taking about!
a perfect day for a win!!
rtxrt!
I need to get it in my head that no matter what my family will always be there for me, in the lowest of my lows
Thank you soooo much!!! I'm still here!! My new record produced by is coming soon
I missss you like crazy was literally just saying last night how you're my person lol
Me sigam
I swear I know how I got so lucky. You are so perfect for me in every way.
Closure Install have you booked yet ?
Click the link for more info and booking
because you are bery respectful
aright tez....got chased out of liverpool to the tune of benny hill....your a sad little shithouse
Thank you for all that you do, my inspiration and my motivation. life is
Thank you for sharing your story! It sucks that not alone, but it definitely is comforting and sorry
Listen to by Ezlam on
I love you very much I hope having a great day
So glad the little one has perked up!
Yesss God is waiting on you Domo
Rashid Khan when he was born!
look at him like wtf
Awwwwwwww that's so cute xxxx love you
Thanks my brotha, miss you dude
Don Brown... the
Kim Hanbin the hardworking leader of iKON
Go on Harv!
Thank you
here
Goodnight
rtxrt!
Definitely something my grandmother would do
happy hoco from me and my girls
Thank you so much,
Valentine
This year you're mine _babsh!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
I get hates too but just staying strong because of wdw anyways, hope she can
Attention up and coming MAKEUP BRANDS and kids clothing lines and accessories !!!!
I would love to promote
Fabulous! What was your favorite part, Sweetie!?!
Indy Love
Valentine
This year you're mine just_els!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
to all my old friends that i talk to anymore, thank you for all the good memories and making my journey in life hella fun
As if I mum just started working with me is it too early to ask her to get me his autograph?
Chicken Roadtwd with Garlic, Radishes and Brussels Perfect Sunday lunch
.
.
Extremely perfect
happy birthday mama! te quiero
I disagree, this is so u!
Te quiero Por SIEMPRE
Trop adorable bb
Thank you so much i love you too angel
Thanks for liked my tweet
I fall for you Everyday
Oka Rly ivava plzz
So good to see my bridgette.wirth 10 years of good times! to many many more! Stellenbosch, Western Cape
I love my brothers
Love you long time
Damn it typo * And I'm sorry i don't have bias. *
HOW HAS IT BEEN 4 YEARS?! I believe this time flys!! Hands down my favorite project ever made.
and always our babies
Why are you so obsessed with replying to my jabs, mutt? I know dogs fixate on things but Down, boy.
Feliz cumple!
Stop arguing guys
I love you too babe
thanks
Ahhh thank you!
love ya
I miss you.
I need you.
I love you.
LMAOOO!! You body shamed me first
Not at our best today but most importantly we got the result... buzzing with the my team
Que bello
love yourself first
Paula Loves Children on Twitter
hahaha yes, and here's for many years to come. bye goodnight
Thank you so much for your overwhelming support
We hope to see you on your next visit
"Sometimes when the darkness comes, I'll be your fire"
Also got presents from my dad to see the new place and go get bob Evans soon
How it all started ! And soon they'll be in a studio
Sher is talking..
Hugs and Loves - thinking of the three of you
rtxrt!
get your customized design with a picture of your dog or your cat only $6 per
This one
Married
Are you ready and A reason to fight. It gives so much hope
My Little King
Lindosssss
eres
My breakfast everyday
Wet grass feels so good
Beg for permission to clean my feet piggies
i my friends
Aras and Dilan out of
Thanks for the gift my dear friend .... it's mean a lot to me
I hope someday I could give you a great gift
I enjoyed eating with all my pastors.
a good ass girlfriend if you f me over on you
I hope you're alright
You are beautiful and you gave me a BIG smile today. Thank you for voting, thank you for sharing
I wish I can meet one day
Transgender Fucking Vibrator and Mastubating Raven Shaddows
I miss my bestfriend and so much
Happy birthday bro
Viens mp !
Merci les
Much love for you, you happy soul of a person
Hola bebeshito bonito
i will always love this video
we can do this! You all can do this! much Community from Reading... ( similar challenges ...we need to chat!)
I'll definitely give it a chance! I all women's wrestling no matter the company
Adorable msA begad you look lovely too btw
Cuando Inga se mimetiza con el
Goodnight
Yes!!! have fun
Mimi Roucky ...
Mina 15 ans ce mois ci
Before he gave a reading, Ihimaera offered a waiata for the person represented by this empty chair, Oleg
This is so amazing to see
Happy birthday to such a great leader ! And phenomenal rapper and producer hanbin
Five minutes with Francesco Yates before the opening act in Albany! his new jacket with the italian flag!
Esto es la gloria
My brother is really singing songs from the KLOVE station and my heart
there's some really beautiful music on this week
Domingou
Voice 2
Holy hell you know the way to my heart lol. Love me some Michael. Thank you!
I believe in you too!
Header updated
Oh my goodness, thank you so are you
get your customized design with a picture of your or your only $6 per
the favorite pose. Outgrew it
Hola voto por de en el gracias
//I love rping with you, too.
so
2018
watched what a stunning looking lady
I be wanting to get on selfish sh*t like everybody else , but my let me
favorite girl
Domingo en familia.
Shop our fall sale follow and dm me to purchase miss out .
Lucy Hale via Instagram
Little preview
Contigo
Thts the spirit!
I hope this helps you to find some understanding & healing
The key of happiness is having you as my daughter
Thanks! I love that movie.
Tremendo nochon, t
Thank you love
be streaming late tonight, work scheduled me early and I have any time. tweet out before I go live.
I love you, ty for everything
I love you too
Tbm te amo
Pumpkin patch & water lantern festival ily
When someone helps you and they're struggling too, that's not help that's love
The last time I used that spray I got it from a specialists. I wasn't aware it's available over the counter now. . Thanks
Sometimes I forget that you forgot me and I write for you silly of me. Alice
My beautiful Great Aunts! Love
Meu banguela pref
Hair by me
Cros
tmb to c sdd
girl not beautiful
Nah she mine and i know that she always beautiful
Here is to us. I love you a million little infinities
Share memes with me
stop hogging all the videos love you too bubs
what I needed tysm
*happy tears*
Thanks boo!!
I wait to see the world & produce some bomb visuals
Team
Happy birthday Allen
number 1 fan
Another beautiful day in paradise!!! Dinosaur ridge hike is my favorite hike than pirates cove beach !!!! I love
Me too.
Feliz cumple te amo
I hope I get chosen for Corbyn. But I'm happy for whoever wins!
Mi persona fav.
Super proud of you baby, wish you the best of luck at boot. So glad i was there to send you off today.
self love is the best love
MUUUUAAAAH
My whole heart in one picture
I Luv This Shit
Shippo
running.
Let me know if I can help in any way my lovely
for two!
I was talking to you you were talking to J
Me sigam
Out out
thank you bb I miss you a bunch!!! Wish we could get high and watch silly shit
Bangalore is a name!
Bengaluru is an emotion!
is lovu
feeling the with her mohair and merino in matching colors.
hope meet the good one too
Love you
Oh honey, so sorry! Feel better, and know in my prayers
Date com as friends
Sending all my love and support to you and your family
Africanna,te amo
are for vegetating in bed watching football with your bf
Wattt aa beautyyy!! Oml
thank u pretty girl
You really earned this dude. happy for you and glad I can be a part of your success
So so proud of you both! You guys deserve it
Someone will be right for you
Your dada & nonna need to become bffs
When couples understand each other >>>
Temptation comes in many form. Mara tlala yami will be fed offline, like always
The Wild and Wonderful!
Love will solve it. Love everyone & everything. Learn to love
No problem, my friend
.@priyankachopra and at event yesterday in Las Vegas
Im so proud of you too.
Happiness for this Two!!! Every smile is precious. We Love you Donny and Kisses
Happy time with the one
rtxrt!
Okay so he didn't die hayibo. Kanti what's going on
And he did kill the titans
Thank you for the lovely stickers
Me sigam
Aww okay! I bet hard to be as popular as you and invited to so many events lmaoooo!! We
Oh trust me b, you will. here for you
All that matters is you....your smile...your happiness love you
Thank you
Que bonito!!!
King Zi likes the snippets off
As long as shorty has something to dance to, I win
rose - Jan Theuninck, 2018
That's so fucking awesome!!! Give a hug from me too
Yassssss
Christina Yang or Derek
I miss being a gf
Follow me
Shoutout to and for an amazing homecoming week!!!
WEY PIMENGSIP KOKEN AYANK DAN DIEGOBLOX LANGGENGKAN BISKUIT AHOY INDEHOY
Today is the day! I missed all of you guys and be live at 2PM MTN time. See you all there
B O Y S S Q U A D R E G N A
Love the color on you. One day I'm going to own one of his gorgeous designs.
Esse casal top
Looking forward to it
Imagine, someone ask for your Rishta and she was your crush at college.
Now read first letter.
Ofcourse, congratsss and thank youu
.@Ashton5SOS
Ainda chefe
Wow ily
So glad the last of the 4 weekends has had to work
Me sigam
You are sooo cute!
If home is where the heart is, homesick for you Kane Brown blaring & deep cleaning.
He makes my heart happy
Noah is a blessing
If you fill that's the important think .. perfect
a thread of season greetings to purchase !!
deserved it
go 300K people in and out of Austin to see amazing race on a glorious sunny day
always got you
good morning amanda hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Dedication ! I like it
..
I will keep you secret that no one
eYe eYe
(I love myself) South Africa
No words for you
Best person
Bht caring n loving b Hann
Stay blessed
Wow! Hoje faz 5 anos que a do de Justin Bieber, foi
Congrats on the marriage. I hope everything leads to a long happy filled life with love! Thank you so much!!
Just hit level on Blackout! I'm loving this Gamemode There are up and downs with looting, but this makes it
Harshad Chopda most handsome Indian TV actor
Happy 23rd Birthday Kim Hanbin the best leader!
Better together
Glad I was able to help you out to go hope you have a great time!
Y'all are welcome to hire me at any time I'm a dream of a PA
[but honestly, just sending
Sarah and Michael are the best.
THANK YOU FOR HAVING MY NAME UP. I LOVE YOU SO MUCH QUEEN. U MEAN THE WORLD TO MEEE
Finally. So so happy
Reggae always
Valentine
This year you're mine doogeunmi!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
I love it in another version: testimony of Christ is the Spirit of
also this totally made my day
Du bist cute as always
Actually just read the other week! An insightful and super interesting read; I loved it!
..
Happy heart
Very true and a great point
Dia das meninas
if you see this, rt to fix my heart
Um amor por essa foto
Olavo
God is woman sim
The moon is almost full, we'll be checking for you
November 30th will be a day worthwhile wait
Our daughter of the most high
thank you
Yuri
Good night to
KKKKKKKKKKKK ME PERDOA
this is amazing!
Awwww sorry
She'll still be a star
be waiting boo
Snapchat - BlushSnaps
Cutest!!! Congrats
Cause this picture is one of my favorites and gonna miss her butt while gone for a week
Probably!
Sheer perfection
Just sayin.. you are someone I could love forever
Yesss T!!!! Proud of you sis. God is with you always love and miss you
We had a wonderful time today at Fantastic show and marvellous ear worm you and the old
Be the love of your life.
favorite girl
so precious And I need to protect him. His smile is my everything. Whenever he smiles, I smile.
But perfect
Me sigam
I wrote you guys a letter do you still read these?
I David Shuster. I was teasing. I also look for opportunities to tweet Arrested Development GIFS.
Oncemil
Can't help but feel blessed of how understanding you are. I'm just happy to have you babe Rest well and get
babe. Iloveyou always
Surrounding myself with the best kind of people and absolutely loving my life
in person you are reallyyy funny and cute
I agree! Couples night out
Thank you
Gd seeing u together I&J
thank you best friend
So pretty baby
which photo do you like the most for me to use as my pinned tweet?
Feliz
Legend
Careless whisper pra
on fire
Ficou muito lindo
keep on going and doing what you want no matter what everyone says
Ainda chefe, obrigado mn
I love you more than life itself. I try to be the best I can for you and the rest
[2018.10.19 & 2018.10.20]
forget us
forget me
Everything about
Photo By: DoubleBFamilyTH
Happy birthday leader
sad I see the boys today but whoever does please tell chance i love him
These precious babies need a home so sweet (all female) about a year old. So friendly ($100 cage
Thanks Allison
If you knew how pretty fall was at my old understand why I never wanted to leave
My OG Charlayyy! Love these boys.
Destiny - Survivor
A Rainha Brasileira
La reina
The Brazilian Queen
Merci beaucoup Allah y hafdek ma adorable
A very Happy Birthday wish you all happiness and peace . and
Ya rab yekono by3gbook
russia you
goodluck classmates! guide me
forever straight . no matter what comes & no matter what goes
Doing a FREE LIVE WEBCAM SHOW for all of my website members at 7:30pm PST
Join now at only $10/month to get
Making Movements Intersectional on
Plastic Containers Repurposing Ideas
The post Old Plastic Containers
Ok finalllly, I saw it
I am blown over by this one
This is just bliss
Eeekkksss... The perfectly
Lucky TPD Nessa hope you enjoyed your flight hope they had sick bags ready good luck for the rest of the training
and I are now queueing to enter the 3Arena. ready for you
Jane & Bill - Finest Playa Mujeres Photography by
.
.
Follow :
Asadito para por su
Yo
I like vikare Tagora and Lanque Tagora :0
Minha princesa
one year later.. thanks for everything
Sunday morning breakfast outreach session with our friends. Thanks to everyone who came to help
If
Everything is Love. Richmond, Virginia
Sometimes you just gotta be a hooligan.
Verdade
Because it's I will have Kim Hanbin's photo as my DP for today.
eish man ..... just wanna gice a shout out to my amazing and beautiful girl just wanted to take a minute to appreciate her
Gracias El mejor regalo ever!!!
And ur my super wife
Ao vivo
so cute.
Yes you are! Yes you are! a good Ryo bear? *snuggles*
Just speakin facts my dear!
baby w a beautiful
Dios es tan lindo!
Sesi plug us on the dress please!!!
Congrats I'm so happy for u both ,, be happy & blessed
Everything finally feels complete with you
Song of the day! "Sugababes - Too Lost In You" -
Cute families melt my heart
what all about!
What a combination!
Our brand-new VALENTINO Bag with these luxurious SERGIO ROSSI Chlesea Boots!
Next year gon have me a Sweetie
BOOOOOOOOOOOOM
Free Inplay tip wins!
Who wants more?
noah catie maddie and caleb deserve the world
Thank you
Chef Oscar Classic Happy Birthday Blueberry CheeseCake
happy birthday,
miss you. u.
Tee Amoo Vacaa
one of my favourite aus ever, thank you for updating
My second family Samsung Hall
Moms want to keep their babies
RT & Follow!
MashAllah
Photo of the Day for Sure
Senior and Junior Ahmad Shahzad
Moms want to keep their babies
Jacob Banks & Louis The Child - Diddy Bop
time. some of the props using for my pictures. One of a kind going in
Everyone heart
obg
Man I missed them
This one was the best...
I never heard Deepika sings wel
Awww hope so too Clare be the best prezzie your family could ever have she's beautiful xxx
This is so precious I hope he liked it
Omg! I'm crying I'm really proud I love my boys more than all
Trop fort ce Ninho
Queen and Clarence give me so much hope love is so strong
Valentine
This year you're mine dosebmi!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
We legit have the same hair type. Ily!
Once you get your wig block, got to block your wig down properly!
.
Blocking your lace down with
all day long, a lot of things makes me very grateful for having you in my life
We started off as close friends
Love this
10-21-18
On the Five
Such a good tune
She definitely is. Thank you
I love with my whole heart
This is brilliant!
Forever he is glorified
You seriously are my inspiration and always will be please do more of these. Love you
Awww you thank you for being all those things as well!
I finally realize on the right track and making the best decision for myself
is on go and i lobe her for it
Yesss family foreva eva!
less than a month!
Determined beauty!
Congrats baby pian
Some lovely visible reinforced panty
good morning/afternoon/night
I love our President
Thank you for visiting Cheat Day Land! Lovely family all dressed up for Halloween
_________
I love you Ashley!!!
Mi mundo entero
IL VIENT NC SAMEDI PROCHAIN IM SO EXCITED TO SEE THE KING
hope you have a good day
we are all equal!
is now available! Is he on your ereader?
Amazon US-
Very
Nakakainis hahahaha pero thankyou!! Iloveyouuu hehehe after finals g!!! miss u
Big felle's influence on the game is so underrated. Elbow zidane, chest control maradona. MY GOAT
Me too
Necesito mutuals que stanen a Saturday, necesito morir de amor con alguien .
this is a great read
MASHALLAH
Much appreciated
Love is a natural phenomena.
Meu amor fez
It is always special to have someone who share with you every single detail of his day
Do not let this break you. We are with you!
I cats and food
That's right! Thank you BFF
Love it
still take it!
And you are cutie
Happy birthday Kimberly
2020
500 days of summer
thank you!!
The Land Of Legends
Te regalo la imagen
in the mood to send my bf gifs and really sending them back ! I appreciate it
France air is doing tar good
Cant sleep because of all the baby's kicking and punching in my tummy! Such a fun feeling but I have work later.. Lol
Everything finally feels complete with you
love my little bear
thank you
Thank you!
4
this song will always make me feel too much
5.445.000 units* sis
Best Indian Serials Songs
HBD PARINEETI CHOPRA
Happy Birthday Zihao
Thankyou for being one of the best rapper/singer/dancer/everything at C-pop industry,
I have the greatest group of friends here in Spain. I really know that make it if it for them.
Bravo Team! Well done I want it to end!
After all the negativity in the week, this news is very cheerful. You won hearts, win trophies next time
Hey Gyz
Watch My vedio on
Like My vedio
My chennal Type { Anshu ash
They are all by Becky Albertalli
Valentine
This year you're mine G__XA!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Happy Birthday to my favorite Aussie Canadian actress always so awe inspired by you I hope you have a wonderful birthday
Omg cass your hair
Oh wow that would be amazing! thank you so much!
I wish my apartment smelled like guava every day
Miss you sm. Hope to see you soon
Proud son, proud parents Congratulations. So so proud of you.
I loved getting to see the guys yesterday, I missed them so much
He knows that
look at these dorks I love them :((
Love you
Maravithosas
.....The Little Ones Always know an open heart!
Beautiful superhero that brightens everyone's heart
my little cutie pie I believe almost 1
obrigadaaaa
I love you so much
Siempre
It was.
Feli vieja
Voice Crush
Sorry dear, i didn't take screenies from episode I used 's caps Ask her the episode
Thank you God for everything. Eternally grateful.
Beast
thank you so much!!
I costume parties!
sooo poor and hungry can someone pls order a takeaway to be delivered to my house
usually happens when u least expect it!
Unicaa!!! John Ortiz Te Quiero mucho nene!!!
Texas Queens
I knew our defense could stop osweiller. I knew it!
Keep that same energy
Thank you So much Jaan...
Means A lotttt to me...
khush rho hmesha
Orr last py ye bolna zruri hta h kia...??
First date to the fair was the best date
Thanks queen
You make me so happy
thank you bestfriend love you
Vamos com tudo
MY seat
Thank you baby I love you so much. Thank you for making my birthday each year so great
I went to choice music and I got a Blackpink photocard they asked who my favorite Blackpink member was and
Gracias
It looks amazing Debra, beautiful pics thanks so much for sharing them
Well done Millie x
Love my church peeps! Ark Fellowship Church
ini belom selesai tapi udh layak di baca
goodnight
Dear Michael Clifford
I want to dm you all the reasons why I love you
I want to dm you cute pictures of my dog
Damn my kings were so hot!!! so excited
thank you love!
Kerryon Johnson
I believe i finally hit my 20s happy birthday to me lmao
Miss you so much
Many congratulations Bhai You were sensational
Just for fun , we love you ma'am
A happy night for Brazil. is a great tour.
supporting you with everything you do baby girl
Sneak peek for Maura, Class of 2019
I could sit here and work on sneak peek previews all
.
.
.
.
naturally Devine all should you
I don't know you but, I'm SO proud of you!
You keep doing these amazing things, it's so fulfilling to watch
Amo isso!
Thanks girly
Good night
Guys change of schedule.... now on tv 1pm-10pm tomorrow
Beautiful
Ily2 and thank you keep grinding
The Goonies
Enjoy god bless
i love you guys so much
anyways... moving right along.
SIMMMM Eu achei um amor
My screen time is gonna be off the charts this week. wait. Might even join a promo
Is that a hint, baby?
do you have a boyfriend? jsjsjs
Ok no, i love you holland~
These girls are my world. Leading up to 12 years of friendship
So happy you could join us yesterday at the We really appreciate all the support
Cheer up petal, down in a week
fine.
Of course, I believe in us. We have to make money and see it
Their love is endless too
happy birthday
Aww Heather!!! Haha. So precious
miss ur ass!!
Mamusia?
Fofas
Aww thanks so much, means more than you know, I love you more!
\/
/ \
Does this cheer you up:)
Valentine
This year you're mine sternnichts1!
And you, whom will be yours?
Can you please follow me
OMGGG ILYY!!
the ig story tho hahahaha
Thanks for GA.
And wish me luck
C'mon guys
I have coffee and a puppy. Just missing home
OMG
My Queen Goddess
congrats on another great year!
happy birthday
hey bitch I love ya !
Wow well thank you for that sweet compliment
Those eyes
happy birthday love, hope u have a wonderful day
Al Green is something else, this goes really deep
Yaaaaas! I wait to see what you guys were going on this holidays haha Love you
for looking awesome together and the song was amazing
.
.
End of Cuteness on this Cute Kid of Ahmad Shahzad
His Expression is just
May Allah Protect him from Bad
i hope you are doing okay (since they checked in)
This y you never leave twitter we family
Back from Zuhr prayer
.
.
SPECIAL OFFER!!
First 10 people to this can have lifetime access to our VIP challenge group for just
Ily to death
I hold it down, I was built for this part
Feliz vieja
Thank you God for everything.
SMILE
go !!!! We are all with you!!! Go for it!!!!
by Prime
Tattoo now
You are right but we gonna stay there and we gonna wait for you
Our home is now ready after having renovated for 1,5 year and my vision has come true
this ones for u
Hate this but love Daniel
A reason to fight and Are you ready keeps going through my head. But my 9y daughter sings to sound of silence
Thank u so much
Giving away a copy of Football Manager thanks to the lovely guys over at
RT & FOLLOW TO
red will ALWAYS be her color
Thanks it takes about an hour to two hours
Sobre ontem!!!
Oh wow ! Big Congratulations. God bless ya both. Jiju ko hello kehna :)
happy birthday angel pie. Hope had a wonderful day xx
Beautiful pic very
He came to find us, we never will chase Him. make it clear, talking about Jesus
My wade
Great day at
thanks in advance for sharing stuff like this with us! I truly appreciate it and we all love you so much
maybe one day i'll be there for you
The vibes in Hawaii are different especially with the love of your life
i love my life because my life is you, my angel.
Mark Hamill muito lindinho!
Bashree is love,
sorry there are people in this world who make you feel this way. the ones who are wrong.
d-20
yaaay so birthday today and 20 days left before i see ikon!! and yea i received
Can't wait to see and all his boys in the show tonight good luck to everyone
Thanks
Chogada Tara song is such a bliss to the ears.
Me too my Love I love you forever my beautiful baby girl
thank you very much
love the way you pay attention
Valentine
This year you're mine kwistli!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
And don't say that.... You are not ugly
Agreed. Still, I'm so looking forward to reading your work when it's finished! Sounds epic so far!
This mix with shredded chicken
I love you ry
My baby is making breakfast I swear I fall in love with him more and more each and every day ! How did I get so lucky
actorleeminho I Love U
One thing for sure, dad is the hero
Gorgeous
Poor bairn
Do everything in love.
Patience is beautiful I love real talk with Adam . Love you adoomy . Wallah I needed it so much x
Spent the morning watching the live action scooby too movie with my pup Happy Sunday y'all!
Linda
thanks baby
My son is 9. I promise you it will get better.
Flying dragons
We would never
Thanks love you always have been
My work on .
Do read.
Damn Jesse this is so beautiful
CONGRATULATIONS
"I VOLUNTEER AS TRIBUTE"
Actual sister or SPN sis? I got mine from an SPN sister
We can't forget his face here
, ,
Such gorgeous art.
interested in this information
I love this song
I got a peaceful, easy feeling. Seeing the Eagles last night was one of the highlights of my life. So blessed
I love the voice of my girl when she just woke up. music to my ears
This is probably one of the nicest comments ever gotten!
never liked myself without
Last night at our first Halloween party together Elmo and Cookie Monster !
P 88
Hi Guys Excited to announce my association with this year.
Something really interesting
ive been blessed! a goddess uploaded on my birthday!!
I am so proud of my man He did such an amazing work last night
Aww thanks boo I love you to
Thanks For Understanding
Field of roses .
.
.
My new crush wears glasses too.
You and I always vibe on my favorite parts.
a wrap!
Happy first birthday fatty cakes Unctee you & I hope you enjoy your day
Sweater weather
I Lisette is the best girlfriend to have I been watching old videos and shit just makes me wanna cuff her
Be whoever you are
You're always be welcome in the wasteland :3
Just don't be an asshole
1M Wohoo
Boy deserves Best of everything !
Keep smiling and shining !!
If life is a movie then the best part
my boy bought me keychain that i shared on facebook and surprised me with it today ... wow i am so thankful
hanbinieeee the cutest human being
Happy Charter Day Sorors
I YOU
Thats so kind
Boa sorte
Family time is the best! (missing a few of you!) Happy Sunday!! wish you were here! Mom is recovering very
Too true
Congratulations!!
Love u!! Love from Brazil
No matter what happens today, you are and you will always be the only champion of my heart
Okay world. You have to know that Cher Lloyd is so powerful and talented, she's so wonderful her music inspires
Thank you so much
Went to see my grandmother today she's 95 love her so much ..... what a women still lives on her own she's
This is because you're here
..I'm serious It's your effect.. honto
I love friends who day drink with me in public even though in pajamas
Worship and prayer! I it!
Meu pretinho
Gaps can help cure the Monday Blues (40 Photos)
My Poor Heart gets Sukoon seeing Such Soulful and Deep Scenes..
His Eyes and that Smile Damn..
They love each other you can just tell
Coming Nov 2nd!!
Tired baby
single living my best life!! I love my life
MARAVILHOSO!
i wanna watch a bunch of studio ghibli movies in a row with u bby
Superindico.
this tour! Everything about Hozier's show is true, intimate, soulful and all in all spectacular.
for real though
Thank you so much to MentalHealthAwareness who is another New Friend on Twitter! I hope you enjoy my
Happy Kim Hanbin day
Baby thank you
Happy Belated Birthday!
Just another ordinary sunset in Pic by eli.bagnasco
Comfy pajamas are the best.
Happy Sunday
My girls + since we take a pic last night
Thanks
yaaaaas girl, congrats
packs
thank you love same to you i hope you're looking after yourself well!!
I cherish every single memory we share and wish for you all the love you give us every single day love you. Mommy
so crazy to think that my future husband is probably getting done wrong right now , smh ... be patient my king
Sometimes it takes a girl so long to finally leave that person, but once she finds that strength she becomes dangerous
to
SELAMAT MALAM!
aight, gn. love y'all.
Follow :
Lana Del Rey: Change COVER by
Check on:
Squiddd you're so good and we love you. You absolutely deserve all of your friends and more. [hugs]
and RT
Sunday
I love California.
What the master blaster said about these two gems is turning out to be so true. and
Mamaaaaaa
Not so popular so I made the I am the CUT
Thanks!
Magar jee ni sktey Tumhare Bina
Listen to Humein tumse pyar kitna by Deep_S on
Joined thanks to
On Sundays, we play ponies
Started the day with this little man and his mates, then home to potter in the
Meu sonho
Rothzinho ele demais
I'm so proud of you! Your Place looks so so beautiful!
Lol, because we know he lives!
Lasagne, cheesecake, ice cream, Custard, Strawberries, Krone and now Chocolate
Valentine
This year you're mine drakononeuer!
And you, whom will be yours?
Si bb mejor ve al doctor
When you get home hungry af and you mother cooks exactly what u were graving how can I ever put anybody above her
siganme en ig
Thank you so much for this GA ! I would really want to give this to a friend of
My Marley
Valentine
This year you're mine yo_mayo_!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
happy birthday to my boy javi
Can't wait to see you tonight! :D Hope you feel better
Agreed! L hurts. Vrabel, growing pains as head coach. Had momentum w/ the drive. W or L agree
find one
lala
\0/
Ask me how to get featured
so nice to speak to you my lovely you always cheer me up made my weekend. You looked
GRATEFUL to help others with your help! with corporate souls, President of the National 4-H
I love my daughter.
Thankful for a giving church willing to help those in need sending another team back to serve this week.
Welcome to Twitter
hoy mis amigas me aman que nunca
Much love from India
You are welcome.. stay awesome
Mee please
My life is gonna be so beautiful all because of you
Our NEW business cards are here To celebrate I'm giving away an Amelia dress to one lucky person All you
thank YOU
keep me company pls
Whatever it is, our hearts go out to you!
This is so cute. So happy. So The Rose. I'm all uwu and soft
Happy birthday karate girl Open your messenger. God bless you && I love you
pack
Thank you sweetie
playing at in Leeds tonight! Doors at 7:30 come say hello. supporting the boys in and I wait !
Happy birthday love
Make me a proud Patriot and follow each other! Us big mouths fighting for America gotta stick together
Ufff, me encanta
last night was just so much fun.
re-watching my mad fat diary makes me realise what a great show it was
Hasta infinito y mas dijo Buzz lightyear :')
1890 Jacket Disponible Worldwide Shipping
Dale like Etiqueta a un amigo
.
.
.
.
.
This is so sweet
IA ya b lay lein gay. Bs time chiya and hardwork bebe
be! I loved the story.
Today in Tampa.
the happiness been deserving for a long time so glad i get to be a part of that.
Valentine
This year you're mine edinorogyo!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
The best leader ever
Good to have you back on twitter
Feliz cumple Ucker!
Lieblings-LP
(heute mal 43 Minuten )
<3
I found a new favorite
Thank you!
My beautiful husband
10-19-18 I love you baby
I hope i miss the real
Oh - you taste as good as you sound
our 1st State Fair date w/ many more to come, I love you so much handsome
text me when you can
Jesus is perfect
Thank you!
all here
Happy Bday to Kim Kardashian West my biggest inspiration in life
LIKE/RT for a DM!
talk! Replying to lots of you Gurdos
What a player
Fair date w my little one
Esse homem !!
Thank you!
Pumpkin picking with the kiddos today
I love you too
Y'all better know there will b salsa dancing at my weddings
Merci la vie pour toutes ces informations
Love this guy
I love you that I almost forgot how to love myself
it was so nice meeting and chatting with you this weekend. a total sweetheart. Gemini twins
He is ultimate King
Salt and vinegar has always been my favorite
I have the best boyfriend ever.
Obi Wan is
I love this so much
Lesbian lust
..
...
....
a todas! En particular a Iru, mi
Thx Dad join my team
Rothzinho
I think this is a scene from Doo Doo's Revenge, nice gif
THIS makes me smile
Congratulations Jamie!
Bravo sister
You've earned it!!
Sorry I can't
top 3 do meu time antifa
Cute boy
that night where it all started
Indeed
im crying but the 1975's songs are making me feel better im so glad they exist i love you
Seja amor
Endless love to all the
you sweet baby
sis my thumbs hurt oof
Your honey voice
Moja Love has the most ratchet shows
You are beautiful
MIAMI
Got teary reading this
Your amazing!
My son is 9 now. I promise it gets better. We have challenges but not like those early days.
It was brilliant to have players from Leek Town Devils as mascots today. We hope you enjoyed your day
Sienna Baby, I So Much Need Your Sweet Loving
So happy to be your Mother
I Really hope to win your super rare account
I will support you until the end brother much love
So cute
Incredible stuff, what an inspiration!!
Ontem
So beautiful
Indonesia
Agreed.
GOATBISKY
How do you greet your friends? With a hug.
We proud of you, too.
Next year Dovi, next year
Love this woman Congrats
Ooh and the M-10 looks great too!!
I need god in every single moment of my life...
Her smile
HBD PARINEETI CHOPRA
It's hot outside Rosa !
Many kisses on your beautiful body
Love on you
Happy Birthday. Happy 16th . May you be showered with treats, toys, and a million !
STILL... TRUE!!!
Happy birthday to your bf's mom
Happy Birthday Wish you all the best
Back in
Giggles n Jas
I feel like I am repeating myself, but ya truly draw some of the best foreskins. So thick and wrinkly.
Miss you more
just glad someone is as hyped as I am for my 21st my boyfriend is the best
When you get home hungry af and your mother cooks exactly what u were craving how can I ever put anybody above her
You matter and the fandom supports you
I mountains
Her soul is fierce
Her heart is brave
Her mind is strong
Ayie
Pumpkin Birthday party! Thanks Abbie Hudgens for the tasty pumpkins
Running a tad late.
Blame 8 am construction on a Sunday morning.
See you all soon!
Workout Time
Thanks for this sexy outfit
I love you
Hahah yeah a good idea already almost done with season 1, whoops
Oh how I miss this
Te amo gorda
Everyone who follows you cares
The eiffel tower what ? I can just see four masterpieces in the picture
Check those DMs
From cage to couch, congrats Mario!
Very inspiring family. Delavin Family.
Bloodsucker..?
More like
Cocksucker
NSFW!warning
Credit to the artist
New free-writing journal. This is purely for poems, journaling and songwriting.
Wild animals are loose at the
I Mitch
reasons to be cheerful
love is all aroundi felt it in my fingers i felt it in my toes the love that's all around me and so the
Valentine
This year you're mine iikki77!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
This happened last night thank God I'm okay
TE AMOOO ABEL
The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society, I am in love
Lupa kapan terakhir nonton film pas selesai
advise for dealing with anxiety? ps Ilysm
mis nenes familieros
family goals happy birthday Kim x
You're a big girl now. Enjoy your youth. Have fun. Be happy.
Africa
my bestie was working today, but she made sure she pops in at the stadium
I love her
Thanks wills!!
flow Murraysville, North Carolina
Always that one person to do this for me. Thank you for everything. I love you
Right of left
..
...
....
Happy Birthday Lord Kojuro!
CNU em Miss Ma
Ep. 1-4 CNU corte (MEGA)
Ep. 5-8 CNU corte
Can't wait love you
Beautiful
my gift for my birthday a New Whip I deserve it much
thank you for being my daily inspiration
Well done hrvy you were absolutely amazing you should of won stupid Bts I love u hrvy
Sorriso
Exo
h
Sad to leave my hometown and not see my friends for a while again but I am happy to be going back to where my heart is
Strong
Long live SPR14
Valentine
This year you're mine xnadw2!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
you and will be cheering you on
Happy birthday ,Luke!
My Current Fav Picture , My Wallpaper Of Phone
let it happen, baby !
Loml
No, mery leay sb love hyn...
I love bashree
Brysen and his future girlfriend.
ohh the sunflower one is gorgeous! Great job
Taemin Minho
*cough cough* beautiful
omg, i love your smile so much :)
Toda La Vida
Aww.. Beautiful words my love. Love you soo much
Rest day
I love you too, and fa sho
You looked so beautiful!
Thank you, sweetness You understand more than anyone I know just how cruel a disease it is xx
super apoio hoseok andar somente de regata
Catching an episode of never fails to bring me smiles I
humbleness
Mi favorita
awe so much love
This is and
Late
Timeless beauty
Celebrating & her new hubby with my favorite human. Dellwood Country Club
You are such a beautiful soul
Happy Bday
Frank Ragnow on the pull block to spring him too
All of you be there
I think going to start offering makeup services to people, I love doing it so much and I feel confident in doing it now
desculpa marcar
Happy everyone! Look at these two!Who do you love spending your with!? are
almost done w my midterm painting and highly satisfied
Mati Instagram Story
Come on with them rhymes, Jase! That's right...gotta get our girl to the top. Go up!
I dont blame ya my heart is set on nashville next yr
Praying so hard for
listening to splitting the seams w my grandpa is super special
only 3 to cute
You're so kind, thank you so much Nenooooo!! You're also amazing x)
Today, mad that so much of our work/school/society is based on a set schedule and my body is not. I would
you too sweetie tbh im really sad bc we all deserve this even once i want the yellow one at
He is such a boyfriend
I'm sending you all my support You better get well soon
God Moves in Mysterious Ways
Me too I love it
My still belongs to Alexa Bliss
Reunited
Bello de zia
Please come here to play soon!
SCRAMBLES BRUNCH
Every Sunday from 12-3PM!
Bottomless Mimosas
Bloody
FOR THE LOVE OF SUNDAYS
Miss you too pchap
I love my family and friends they keep me when I keep myself
Finally got our copy!!! Thank you
day 30 : hey baby, I think I wanna marry you
Comic Con Looooooot
Hope she's is coming
Missing my little
.
Can't wait to have you back home
My husbands just made THE BEST roast had in ages!! to burst!!
with my baby
Joice em BH!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY FAVORITE PERSON!! thanks for being you and have a good 19th
Because he really loves to go outside
I really think what females that think ugly do. I got dat game from
My faves
azri aqim have everything that i need in this life. he's my dream come true
In case your Sunday beautiful enough, a video of squirrel-watching dolphins.
Sundays are my favorite day
Met Anthony Rapp today. And he liked my Shirt
Just because you have bad grades doesn't mean you're a failior.
Fazendo
thank you pod sainyo aweee
You got this Luna! All the best
Advance happy birthday, my loveee HAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHA OMG THANK YOU!
I love buffalo, but I don't enjoy the ranch that much. Sometimes though, when you combine the two..
Por favor
So proud of you I love !!
This Fandom is so talented! FanArt by
You sang with so much emotion and soul! You sound amazing!
Action speaks louder than words
Good night koon chai
Love u na ~~~~
Crd
Lindinha
I honestly love you so much holy helllll
Queen of glowing!!!
I booked 3 more days yesterday
Dag I must add one more. and fixer upper! Ok, those are my top 3.
Favourite shot in movie directed by Cinematography by
Always love you sis
good night, i love kim hanbin so much :(( happy birthday my love hehehe hope you enjoy the whole day later
Yup 1% i only love her
Pizza. Send it here so I keep for you while you build your future house
My fave in Ikon is BI but whenever I watch Bobby he brings my a little excitement
Sundays are for cuddles!
How cute are these two?
She sleeps like this every day next to me. my little girl. I adore her.
Happy birthday mambin!
(Sorry had to repost again hehe)
Nice job!! I wish you the best with your animated series!
My birthday is today
SIN PENSARLOMUAK TQM
WE GO IT J
you are the sweetest lili
I have never felt so helpless in my life. I hate that my people are suffering. Please send prayers and positive thoughts today
Valentine
This year you're mine fferia_!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
You like this? Follow:
Oh, so Im the dad. Cool. Be home soon!
I Hogwarts!
Gracias Hoseok
When your husband brings you coffee so you can finish your paper and homework
Because it's Sunday
I loved this moment
:(( And IM soft for YOU
Valentine
This year you're mine Blue_shrimp!
And you, whom will be yours?
you too Barclay
Theek hai. Thank you so much
On my way!
Hi
Yesterday was a blast, Love yah, Happy 18th Birthday !!!!
I just start this app
Congrats!!! You deserve it
so excited more wine and study dates
Sobre ontem com Meu Amor
am soo happy apart from the fact that these little blighters are fiddly
So beautiful
Ridiculous boy
A sudden whirlwind arrived here, my love.
Amber in Geneve via IG story
The Warm Flannel Embrace scent smells like my grandpa.
A beautiful stadium. Our San Siro. be there someday
Chip and Spud just chilling
trust CNN fake news Go Ron
Such a beautiful story! God bless this dear man for his courage to help all these children!
Praying for all my Clemson loves!
My grandma keep me together idc what it is she motivates me on a whole different level. Mad love.
Hotness alertttt !!!
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: SALE Harley-Davidson Shoes Size
aww
sorry
When i fly to on tuesday i have memories with
Shine Bright Stars of Heaven!
Not gone let nothing steal my shine tho, too Blessed
You know where I am if you need me
Hope your Sunday is blessed and full .
I love this style
Thank you!
Sunnuntai aamu sunday morning
//I'm heading into work so I will work on replies later
They love you too my dude
I pre-ordered the limited and collector's edition. Can't wait for more BL games from you
Romantic song
Let's enjoy
to the transgender community: you deserve better. :( my angels, you are so valid
I know. God is gonna be your Bestfriend through it all just pray for healing. If you need me definitely here
Bom bom
via
Original sour orange juice. An all time invention.
Sugar,spice, and nothing nice
The connections made this past year could last a lifetime
Great to be part of the NCN crew at UNK Saturday where the Lopers battled Ft. Hays State dropping a
Aka beauty ft. Simplicity
LOL.... yep.. had my tickets/hote;l booked since April . Can't wait to meet everyone
Lucky omg!!! Enjoy!
Thank you!!! I have to agree with you, but just always so proud of my son!!!
Bang hot babes
fantasy lesbian first time lesbians squirting outdoor porn
with it boo my ig is itsjbabyxo
last night was fun, some fine ass guy asked for my snap and i was with my girls
I agree. You both brought the race to life. I felt like I had been there. So inspiring
Happy Sungay to this vibrant, loving community
How does it feel to be apart of Queens life
Thanks baby
Into the woods Armstrong Redwoods State Natural Reserve
Thanks!!
My pastor said love & marriage is in the air... I receive that.
You made my
Handsome Min Yoongi every where
Shook cute
My dads so happy with his girlfriend it makes my heart happy the man just said he been happy for years
Thanku Respected & Honourable Mir Babar Ali Loond For Your Time & Love Karachi May Allah
thank you for this album
Hehe I love you more honey... Super
I love this belly button
sorry i mean
the PEAK of my ENTIRE EXISTENCE is lil comparing me to CHER
Pretty
Love this Beth
Get well my Dad did. finally home with everyone and said most happy to be around Camper John .
with Sampurna Ghosh
Sampurna Ghosh
This story is amazing. It really puts everything into perspective. Thanks for sharing
Decent
Thanks Queen
Thanks so much for doing it! It looks amazing
i NEVER dress up. he still calls me beautiful everyday
J2
Happy birthday my dear boy
Te amo!
happy birthday love!! miss you
What a yeses
Amo ver the help
i love you so much
This na my hand work
Gold & White
Sunday Funday surprise was a success! I love seeing them happy, melts my heart.
. . yuta icons. please, repost! or if you like or save
toi ma boT
My Mo-One-A party was fun! be one on Tuesday
I love so much forever
We love you more boo
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BROTHER WE BEEN WYLIN TOGETHER SINCE PRE K, LOVE YOU BOY
Such a good message, love you
Pls MPs, will you vote for a this Tuesday?
Anona na baby? Hahaha I love you
I think driving 4 and a half hours to finally meet you in Chicago
At least how I see it a very interesting interview to analyze for sure
I made this drawing for
& ,
I hope you like it !!
Tinkaa Buttt
Someone bought me some blue suede shoes
Me too!!! The will be awesome!
Dream team
Thanku Respected & Honourable Mir Babar Ali Loond For Your Time & Love Karachi May Allah
Aaw baby .. it's about time . he's so lucky to have you as a partner tbh. you're a good person. love is beautiful
Waiting on my niece.
I love people who are nice for no reason. the best kind of people
MY BROTHER
"well, actually"
Love you more babe !
Big respect for this! Sorry for your loss
happy birthday lover Hope been amazing. Spoil yourself with those bags, you deserve
My heart. omggg
Happy birthday to one of the most talented person I know! I hope you have an awesome day! Love you
Feliz GRACIAS POR LOS COLORES
Domingo y Harry Potter
Frank Sinatra & Norah Jones!
sorry i mean
the PEAK of my ENTIRE EXISTENCE is lil comparing me to CHER
There is no place like home
Thank you for tonight ingat sa byahe Godbless u
Genuine, beautiful, loyal, kind people
VAMOS TORCER PRA SER ARIANA AAAAAA
sundaying le motho wame
I very much wish you could. And I know he wishes he could hug everyone who supports him as well
still so happy about that I finally have met my dear friends from music does
I see a lot of you asking for headers these days so here is how you can get one (The more active you are the
try and salvage the rest of your vacation. sorry people are such dicks. All the love.
such a happy little boy!
Gracias!
happy birthday !
The best day ever
been a year already? invented meet ups love you all!
Wa7shteny ya :(
Full time job but proud Ausi, I stan. Also o montle hey. done
Energy,,
Badly missing these days,,
Babu concentrate cheyyatledu kani Dance kuda
Techey Annaya
I can not wait another second! You were amazing! So gracious and patient xxxxx
My first Snow Bunting and what a little beauty
Im in love with being your aunt
Tangerang
If you sass me just know ur getting sassed right back, a brat at
we all need somebody to lean on
I love you too ash
aww liv too cute! love you
WE LOVE YOU
Market Cap: $210,482,308,718
BTC Dominance: 53.66%
BTC: $6515.88335032
ETH: 0.03175908 BTC
XRP:
Monstera Monday
I feel like an Olympian with all these medals! Thanks for an amazing event and some sweet bling
Thanks Anthony!
last homecoming
very sweet
My gf is hot
Melhor social mn
Please
Please
merci
Oh, I miss you so much
Follow
Offline? Add to favorites
to another
Show me sum love
my relationship with JESUS is all my worried about .
what a show wish I could be there
Thanks sis ily
a lot of people received their prints already & it makes me very happy
A relationship is not based on the length of time you spent together, it is based on the foundation you built together.
Don't forget about her
Most fvrt person for me on Twitter...
Now accepting Sephora Canada E-gift cards. Gmail is: luxxmistress@gmail.com. Get to serving me subs
remember this
Why is this so sweet , Thank you
Te amooo
Dave
WWKWK emot on point '-' maacih ewing
WENTZ HIM SOME JEFFREY!
TD
'Cause they make us feel like home every single day
That's my evergreen answer, too
seeing 18 jerseys in the stands
Please
Please
You'll do good. Best of luck
Eyy y'all are exaggerating Thank you
Home sweet home
Happy birthday, cute little girl
Wishing you many, many decades more
Feliz meu bb
Thanx for the love dear
I Really Do Appreciate It
God was with us today
a legend homer
Te amo
Art & Video by
Thor Gary
I love this more!
Who can make me a sweet YouTube intro? Dm me or tag creators down below
Radha : "Hey Prabhu"
Krishna : "Han Bolo"
Radha : "Tumhe Nhi Keh Rahi..
His Smile
i'm so proud of you! i support you
Meet the vegan cat defending it's food.
~
Amarte es poco Vieja
Myand vigilance has been for America for a VERY long time as well for Israel. I know with such
Jill Scott- he loves me >>>>>
yes and him speaking Portuguese, and improving each show, it was amazing! (and a local newspaper
Ah, I hope you fall in love with it as much as I have
the most beautiful fics I've read thank you so much for your contribution I have no words for how amazing your
Happy day, you guys!
Heck yes!!!
Thank you so much love I love you so much
meu grude
well I hope notice you one day or that get a chance to see her live or even meet her
I LOVE YOU SO MUCHH!!!!! Distance is nothin when I have a best friend like you
These girls can borrow my flannel anytime
I couldn't help but think of Tyler Hilinski as well. Happy and sad at the same time
on repeat
Boua tarde
Mooie foto
You are doing a great job of your own TF accounts and I don't see that as competition, they're 2
I explain it even if I tried
MOR VE
tonight will be Matthew Tkachuk! Go Go!
Beautiful Day.....Beautiful Place Dartmouth, Devon
I love this, simple formula for experiencing true joy.
I love you
..
I love Alston Jeffery
Happy birthday brother
I watching Karl box. I believe his power will give Warrington
It really is
love you wait for this weekend
Thank you for coming as always!
Your not children with special needs,, your children with special
Daily dose of cuteness
Cant sleep, playing some of my lola's playlists hahahah Nakakakalma!!! Grabe
keep that gooberous energy close to your heart, dude, got a big ol loving spirit and you go losing it
Oh Well... I could ask
They have one but need it on friday.
Good luck with the second try btw
Profitez
HPB MA BOY, I LOVE YOUU
So fkn cute. Why am I just seeing this
okay
60 International centuries done, 40 more to go. GOD for the next Generation.
This. This is amazing. so happy you have found what works for you.
I hope I can have this some day.
Glad you enjoyed it Rachel , have a good Evening
Happy pill
Dof
I the earlier shows ! Thanks USA and for playing a lot of the earlier shows with Detective
hide who you are
Happy Sunday
Carl is so happy Dani Wadlington (His Daughter) is here
Keep the prayers going up
Kitties enjoying the sunroom!
Thanks
Happy 19th Birthday to my sassy little girl who has me blocked on Twitter right now! I love you so very much
ily.
NTR - Trivikram Bonding
To apaixonada
So proud of my mum passing her CBT test
Sarah, I am so sorry. thinking about you guys today Stay safe, sending love.
Urgh, sorry that's an actual thing. Baking & hugs from us, esp Nathan
GENIO ABEL ES LINDO ESCUCHARTE SIEMPRE
truly a class act
You are welcome, honey! Let me know how it goes!
sonrisas por favor
Imagine that
Enchanted
Who am I
family, you a friend
Double tap if you love our stunning gown
Thank you
God is so much bigger than my problems.
God really keeps blessing me ... just wow his love
Yay thanks doods!!
Dia 21
thankful for all my friends that stood by my side & are still here helping me keep my strength to stay away
MY BROTHER
Thank You So Much For Your Beautiful Prayers
P R E C I O U S
Also he has no eye patch I'm very curious about it!!
just saw my indi vm and actually tearing up,, thank u so much
After wedding pics Webster County, West Virginia
Best Transformation
All might
Koro Sensei
Valentine
This year you're mine Be_my_madneess!
And you, whom will be yours?
Thanks Uncle Alfie!!!
Love you loads
RETWEET & FOLLOW
ID :
Area : OTISTA JAKTIM
EXPO :
BBW Lovers
More info cek bio!
DM
I you 2
Vcs lindosss , shipooo mt hahah
Lmao thanks boo! Welcome
Watch Two Wild Card Entry in the BiggBoss House Follow biggboss12fc for more updates
MY HEART!!!! I lOVE EXO SO MUCH!!!
Valentine
This year you're mine Cupidonushka!
And you, whom will be yours?
Thank you! I needed this today to face the week ahead
Mr Price
ALSO THANKS BTS FOR GIVING ME THESE AMAZING FRIENDS AAAAA HOW COULD I EVER FORGET, I LOVE THEM WITH ALL MY HEART
Perfil
RETWEET & FOLLOW
Ready VCS
ID :
ID :
Area : BEKASI
EXPO :
BBW Lovers
More
Tmj, Brother
So softly and lovely she said 6
Loved it..!
By :
Aawww...that last paragraph
merci ily
I want somebody I can call mine & not look stupid
When your mom texts to ask of you've seen Jesus We
Inspiration for this vid:
I get the feels all over again every time I watch it!
Love you too
Te amo
Para
If you know how much I love you
thank you for letting people relate to the beautiful songs that you write
Thank you!!! now waiting I patiently for yours
happy birthday! love you with my whole heart
Hi Michelle what are you doing there today ? Looks like a lovely day green and sunshine a great day
Love love hanging out with these two
this advice!! Try it. It really works!
I cherish this deeply bc the beach is my place of escape
When are you going to tour again?
Go on vacation babe.
Thinking of that worker and his family. Thank you for letting us know about this week.
Dark jewel
Feeing damn glad to be alive today
Ishhhhh
Thanks 4 the present babe...
Should out to
Your a Great Lady..... I follow you whenever i can...Thank you for all you do! God Bless you Ms Deneen.
We are so cute
Remember the Cultural Evening we cried together
I'm in love with you
Valentine
This year you're mine likeituntitled!
And you, whom will be yours?
FT you at 3am just for that.
also real recognize real, so s/o
That's why I love him. is who we've been waiting for.
6 months with my gorgeous one!
Prensesim
RETWEET & FOLLOW
Ready VCS
ID :
Area : BEKASI
EXPO :
BUMIL Lovers
More info cek bio!
Rarity
I'll go anywhere you wish to take me
Thank you!
Las hermanas sean unidas
My twitter friends are so precious to me I swear
OMG that just looks sooooo awesome!!! Love it guys
So fukcing beautiful princes T-girl
Philly culture
Thank you!
Bella Italia with my girl
x
Thanks for the retweet
GMA AINT WANT ME SAD SO IM ON DIS HENNY AND BLUNTZ! I LOVE YOU
Please add me and good luck meeting her
My grumpy old man .... I love him so much truly my best friend and my entire world. I really dont know
my best with my big
Umm well okay then !!!!
Mic Drop pt.2
Wonderful Tommy
Seriously in love
Is there much better than homemade soup though so fuckin' COSY
Why give a ga to someone who believe you. No proofs needed
SHDHDJDJ IK NOT BUT THANK YOU!
okay, I forgive you
Im sorry this happen to you, stay stront
Yuh FINALLY!!!!! Mna elam igama endimpha lona nguVelile because wow, kunini. Congratulations Mommy.
i love u
mood board
Follow everyone who Likes and Reweets this
Thanks Grace! Looking amazing as always! Keep the earrings for Halloween
daily reminder that you're my favourite person. I love you and I miss you SO MUCH! Drink water. Have a great week, my love
Finally some peace & quietappreciating this moment 100%
Definitely
a lot of love
I opted for a Dark & Stormy Celtic Ranch
thank you for 1500
Sweet little display at the jccmmtl
Thanks babess!! I can't wait to talk to you again!
Here she is Linda
EXO ada Iching EXO OT9
Listening to the
24.10
Friend of mine was diagnosed 3 years ago. The change in her has been dramatic. a very cruel disease x
Both of
Kyshas greeting at how high we are at this Hydro and av never been so proud of ma bird smoking green
ly, H.
Awww thanks babe
Thanks roach
goodnight Baekho mahal
see you in Bangkok
Absolutely beautiful.
Sempre soube
I got Roberta Rey!
Yasss thank you so much
First love
Its okay, me still you
I like to read on Sundays
I love uuu
Mon fond
louis is so precious
Welcome Back
Ill call you at work tomorrow
LY too
We the CLIF Pace Team! We're glad you had a great experience with Bill.
amazing!!
You will do fine dar lay
go out give it your best shot and no matter what happens I will always support you
I see a lot of you asking for headers these days so here is how you can get one (The more active you are the
Jesus I'm so sorry that happened Leah. Thinking of you right now fire me a message if you need to chat x
Just know....
Be proud of what you love ...
You will love it more & more
Las quiero tanto
reading all the boys loved and so in love! What about your Sunday??? Have a great day! Love u
Most definitely
Thank u Akku for being there every time for me
Follow your
never been as happy as I am with him truly the most incredible man on earth
Valentine
This year you're mine edinorogyo!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Welcome to RIEL STORE
and I had a good ass night last night for my birthday. So glad friends again.
Tysm to you too
been crushing on you for the longest.. Awhhhhhh
Jinson & this song made everything so emotional/cute my heart sensitive
Absolutely...
for you
never let yourself down BcZ of others
everyone is doing it & not special
friends
wish we were friends
mutuals
crush
Why you are not yet sleeping darling?
go tho?
I love you Courtney Brooke
Ube
It's always meant as one to you
je
My nan dieing 89 my nan/ mum to me my world : was at my uncles 90tj family always first love her
Happy birthday choco cone
to
We
she the cutest? Thank you bluerosesmakeup Hope you are having infinitely amount of fun with our
when are you coming to London I catch it on the live stream
My favorite
De ontem, eu e ela sempre
My baby chick sheep
Unchhhh
Gege I'm now very exciting
After namanana out
Noww DMUMT concept short movie is
are for the girls
Valentine
This year you're mine _crymeariverrr_!
And you, whom will be yours?
Wow I love you so much, your my number one bitch
Follow Me
I F B
Follow Me
I F B
Follow Me
I F B
Follow Me
Aww thank you x
A gift from a nice neighbor For quite a while I was opening to eliminate the seeds prior to dry them to make
You and your sister are so REAL. Don't lose that
Thanks
meu amorzinho
Look at this little fella
Wow thats a cool movie sweety
Luke & Nell Crain
I enjoyed so much watching Venice with & wait to visit Italy one day! (I
It would have been out of character for him IMO, so as much as I them as a couple, glad he
You can't forget what you love
ficam lindos de qualquer jeito
.......so true!!!! Sending thoights and prayers to all who have suffered
Still thinking about Poison Ivy.
Thank you for sharing this!
Love seeing our local projects in the press!
MAHAL NA MAHAL KITA PERO MAMAYA NA AKO MAGDDRAMA
Chilling out weekend break
Follow Me
I F B
Follow Me
I F B
Follow Me
I F B
Follow Me
parceira
Beautiful
Following everyone who likes this tweet.
Awwwwwwwwwwwwww!!!!
Que lindo!!! Y educado!!
Thank you so much for coming! glad to hear your evening went well too.
All the blessings for you & your love!!!!!
It's pleasure & proud to be a part of your journey from 0 to 1M
This is just
This my baby.
jajaja
I love you so much Jin please rest up and get better soon
Thanks girl. he loves you!!
i just started playing 'infamous: first light' the aesthetics are 100% my thing and the protagonist is
Haha I'm glad I remind you of dhaarmik stuff and I'LL WATXH IT WILL BE CUTE BELA AND MAHIR THOOO
Happy Birthday to our galactic princess we love and miss you Carrie
Photos by and
waymaker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness.. MY GOD, is WHO YOU ARE
Happy birthday my darling wife thanks for everything you do for me and for being my support structure, hope you
Thanks my dude
Nice day keda men el 2a5er
Congrats BrO 1Millions Anbaana Followers For Anbaana director On Twitter !
Idk what it is but always know that we will always love you
Aww did you that must have been a very emotional visit.
Last night Oxford, Oxfordshire
Huge compliment!
Aww I love u :(
~
Dream Come True 2 LA With My Team To Do What We Love
"Sun, snow, chocolate and my wife...what more could I ask for?!"
.
:
.
Happy Bday !!!! Feliz Cumple! We you!
Te doy mi brazo Leo
Love this song but always be Love Bites for me
Thank you so much
I bet they loved you in Liverpool Hun , so happy everything is going well for you
Uhm yea, catch me in the library all day bring snacks
hair? HIS BEST STYLE.
nobody kno dis but always been my celebrity crush 4 L I F E soooo.... HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY HUSBAND
Aww Teddy does this to us all the time but we try to avoid it
Te amo te amoo, cuidate mucho, my Worldwide hadsome
to
SELAMAT MALAM!
this is a love tweet for
NEW PRODUCT Seasonal Special Quince Marmalade - a delicious delicate quince jelly with fine slivers of
Happy Birthday Wishing you happiness n good health always. Enjoy your day you definitely
Everyone stop at the Clark County fair grounds to donate a toy under the Salvation Army for kids for Christmas
Tack. Kram
I Chris Packham- his passion shows through in everything does. I loved watching him growing up and I love
That's so rude. Don't let people like thatget to you I bet it's lovey hun and it has so much meaning.
Aaah seam tags are my favorite
Thanks man!!! Appreciate the love
This is my 1st OT9 COMEBACK
I'm so Happy
Future is in my memories everyday whyyyy I met him yet???? my whole husband like fr
im currently apart of two group chats that ill never be kicked out of.
it feels nice to have real ass friends in my life
Thank you baby much love
Brabo
to
SELAMAT MALAM!
Beautiful
Another level damn
So sorry, Jen. Tell Hans that Michelle and I are thinking about you guys & sending love & wishes for peace your way.
strength.
Please do a store in Hamburg
Ops
Sonata likes sleeping on me too but not right in the face like Moz does he is a very talkactive boy too
Ameen Sum Ameen,thank you so much darling
My favourite song of all time
i love this smile so freaking much
so much love in the
Happy Birthday!
MIJN HART
True that.
Yasssss and you do that amazing and all
Free you till is mf backwards
Bye New York! Til next time
I love you guys so much Thank you for making my life happier
Tybalts Death.
Encore un bon week-end
got chili cooking right now too!!
Aww someone give him cuddles please!
Awh really??
The best kind of study break
Just know....
I'm your fan ofc I would read your works
to
SELAMAT MALAM!
Fair enough brother, see you there
Goodnight I love you so much!
Catholic Church
You know how to tease me ... with my crush Maserati
So excited to see my bff
you are loved
Velentine this cleofcosmetics eyeliner
.
.
I try this amazing Eyeliner/ Stamp from cleofcosmetics
This brought me to tears. Appreciation for Hanbin is no joke.
They definitely offer a lot of interesting ways for expression
Never before(?) have we had such
Check out this professionalism! Always the best in the biz.
Erin would still be crying.
this is so good
.
.
.
.
.
1 down, a lifetime to go.
Follow Me
I F B
Follow Me
I F B
Follow Me
I F B
Follow Me
I just spoke to her she still my
A Star is born in my ass
DARCY IM CRYING hahaha shes the cutest lil thing!!! Thank u Abby
I got you soon boo! be free sometime this week just for you
can they get any cuter????
You need to get yourself a pair of align leggings. like wearing soft butter
I'm having some family problems right now and seeing this made me feel a lot better. Thank you
Happy birthday bruva, all love
Happy Birthday to this chick I know wassup
So excited for tonights episode
TL all about them
Look towards the bright side of the day
Things ought to happen when they happen
November 14th
How many are active ?
Good luck everyone
This...
YAAAAS BOI best work of your so far
Yeah he was mega sweet
Ms Word - Word Art!!
NO ONE CAN DO WHAT YOU DO MY LOVE -
Can u send me this gif
Scorpio mother to Scorpio sons. Pray for me 10/31/14 11/13/92
I'm so glad she's in Iowa with her family right now. If she was in LA alone I legit would want
see big head :( but I promise there. Happy 1 year Anniversary My handsome I love you
Feliz a la mejor
All
hope you feel better soon!
He needs to come back to Manchester I miss him x
Thank you. my backyard. It is so relaxing.
Thank you!
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Lexi!
True
I have one with me at uni
i love you sooooo muchie, wifey/gf.
We all are going to get through this
At the game with my Love!! Had to get her out of the house. so much!! Raymond James Stadium
Sorry i'm so boring lately I just feel completely uncreative. Hopefully it will come back to me soon
gdnight bby
Cousin
I thank god I made it home last night
Thoroughly enjoyed your performance last night
yes, dare devil season 3
So cute
Nobody's business but your own. As long as your happy that's all that matters
Thank you Marta
Esto es lo hermoso q hoy
Thank you so much for the playlist additions on our newest release "Infatuation". We're beyooooond grateful.
my absolute new favourite. Cannot wait to see it again WHEN it returns
Ilysm
A moment for life
boyyyy I was sooooo madly in love with Justin during his quiff
Amazing meal with my grandma and grandad ! They are the best people going
And AnD And...The Biggest News Is Finally Out !!My jigar da tukda "Ram" is finally marrying his
Wan wah reply bhi mil Gaya
Like you already are. There's lots of stars but there's only one Moon.
Ok so we really doing this What I need a man for when I got friends like this . Truly my heartbeat in human form.
Sooo many reasons excited about tomorrow!
1. Having a day to spend with my love
2.
glad okay!! praying for you and everyone else that was there. I know it had to be scary.
Ivy
happy birthday to my Big sisssssss for making me the bad bitch I am today I just wanna say
Happy Birthday to my wifey, and my big sister. I love you.
Thanks boo
and just came on now going to cry for a whole other reason
Us 3
Thank you so much for the first episode of It was
If you don't trust a man your choice has been made
Come to Greece :(
Yixing climbed up 14
Enjoy
Family
Can I get a teen twink one of these
Pilla ra cover song
Releasing soon
Keep supporting Nellore
20/10/18 "Love Myself"
Pues al final tenemos gracias a
Looooooooooooovesong Give it a try
babyyy ..yazzz!
This love is waiting for you
My oneee day off lol. Have a good day at work, and thank you!
When will it stop
Life been so good to me lately i can't even lie stayed strong thru the storm im happy i never stop believing in myself
All my love to for adopting a baby girl. Raise her right and raise her kind!
Baseball does this
Ravage //
Header By Me.
FAVs and RTs appreciated!
I love good vibes with genuine people . .
I love that took in Mac dog.
We all love you Deb
appreciation tweet
JDHDHSHS THANK YOU!
Yeah Buddy! One Nation, One Love
and RT
Happy birthday to my best friend I love you and I hope you have an amazing day today
My love for you is a journey;
Starting at forever, and ending at never.
I need to watch Tom and Jerry again cause im now i can understand wht s the message
thank god... because I know why I wrote this tweet nor do I remember writing it
feliz dia a jennifer aniston britney spears y ariana grande my moms
Sou assistir supernatural e dps the twd
Gorgeous
happy birthday to you my love
If you stick, it will click
Harper Bailey Horton
Looks nice wall
Hi ? Can you please dm me ? Thank you
Following 50 people who , and my last 10 tweets! Lasts 5 minutes!
You're talented stop deny it
As a City Year alum, I the shout out from former Superintendent at Boston Public
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ... The best mom and beautiful women
We love you Anne
all you do. You are a delight and a force. Thank you.
I am so addicted to you
Best tweet of the day
Cocktribute for my gorgeous Slut
Love you and miss you Derek.
thank you
Someone had a rough night and needed some TLC with daddy on the way home Richmond,
Thank you
Surprise! Im live with the 100 baby challenge!
Thank you so much to Soufiane who is another New Friend on Twitter! I hope you enjoy my Tweets
The hair trend is something we can all get behind
Maa Mataa..Mee notaa..@IamJagguBhai..#Truefan momentlove you always
please ignore that person halsey. you're the sweetest and kindest
any of the 2 will look beautiful in your account
Bueno!
deepika & ranger are going to be married the same month as minhaz & I and living for it
Thanks to you for refurnishing the Abbey for the C64
Thank you brother!
Irreplaceable
My birthday is December 14th
ily stay strong
RETWEET & FOLLOW
ID :
Area : MALANG
EXPO :
PANLOK Lovers
More info cek bio!
DM
I hope everything goes ok !!! I will pray for you
My favorite happy birthday today it was super real
King of selfies is on the move again
Experience Egypt
Korean BBQ
Driving downtown for some morning yoga
Your message is so powerfully positive. Well Done.
Shine Bright Star of Heaven!
Better you must be soon
RT
Like
Plus de 1,5 buts Nice om
martinez buteur
braga +2,5 buts
2,04
Top Brand For Men & Women Deep Discounts
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE BEST LEADER EVER!!! YOU DID SO WELL I LOVE U KIM HANBIN
Go se refaire 13 reasons why
181020
Thank you boozy
catch up plus review, goodluck for tomo. good night
I think i love you
Feels good to have someone I can depend on when I need them who would have thought it was right in front of me ...
Nah I trust anybody wit my baby maybe when he gets older
get next time! No one is more deserving.
thanks my dude only love here win a few more football games eh?
I love that last one
i taught levi something and so cute!! i love being his aunty ab
My pleasure to endorse this.
Congrats Spratt! well deserved!
Thank you Lord
Hello to everyone that just followed me I love bye
Have the physical tickets to my event Thank you Hit me up!
Great opportunity to come
Hi I love you
Roast chicken dinner tonight with ALL the trimmings cos my girl asked specially.
Had one of the best weekends away in Brighton with my love
congratulations baby girl. Greater and better things await you... love you
4 JB!
Thanks for being an awesome person, Poo
so much to learn frm dese Beautiful souls
Roopram Roti = Life
En pyjama avec mon
senior
With my family and relatives.. .commemorated my father's first death anniversary.
Sen cok guzel anne olacaksin
The only cereals i eat we stan
Honestly just going all out for S2. just have fun.
The lovely made my whole day thank you for being so sweet
How have I only just seen this
w/ love
Melhor casal
Red Ribbon Week October 22nd-26th....Remember to wear RED tomorrow to show your support!
I will see you soon love Ily
Otaria
It was really amazing
It was full of entertainment
Your acting was mind blowing I really
ow bethuna u_bae wam ebese span but she popped in at the stadium
For our New Zealand family,
Oceans may separate us, but love for Maurice unites us.
One of the Seven Wonders of the World: Kim Taehyung (V)
Inspiration for vid:
Pleasure
I thought never ask. The answer is yes, always
I just want to be there for this it looks SO fun
Dealove is love
The World is waiting for you bbe, go out there and show them how it's done.
This is just the beginning. I am
I my friends
my clan! :3
I want you to be happier
Was beyond awesome to meet Erin yesterday. is beautiful inside and out
Hep birlikte
ok i lied i made another
$5 + $3.50 shipping
comes with a free sticker
message me | i accept cash app,
C'est normal bro
Ily
Oh my god.. just look at a real life angel! Soooo sweet!
Happy birthday greener ! Hope you have a wonderful day
Follow me please
Sis, you're a whole meal!
Dancing with the feet is one thing, but dancing with the heart is another
Can you see their fear? Why would you do this to them?
Please follow Louisville Pig Save
I
brought out last night the backstage footage
Thank you, sweetpea I hope that week wasn't too tough for you. I know you're strong and you
NEXT PERSON TO THIS GETS VIP MEMBERSHIP FOR A TINY ONE OFF PAYMENT!
Was - Massive 66% discount!
VIP
Time to get the honey and hot lemon on the go sweetheart. Love you loads
Yes please craving some Pisces twin time!
Forgot to post this here, just showing off my best friends
Realest it on Nintendo switch please
I love you
She is really happy
RETWEET & FOLLOW
ID :
Area : JOGJA
EXPO :
BBW Lovers
More info cek bio!
DM
Gnyt my angel more & more .May babaji bless u always with all the
H-Town
Randomly watching That Show. I always forget mom is played by Katey Sagal.
I love you
Happy Birthday beb! fuck you imissyou seeyousoon iloveyouuu
hey babygirl
It was sweet, sure Rose appreciated it
Ty king ily
Best fighting game of all time
times like these when we all come together as a family. Making Memories last a lifetime ... I
thank you norelle!! so are you
Agree, absolutely loved it
Aww thanks
Hla Wai
Awe love you Morgan!!
Perhaps she's just a slightly eccentric lady who really likes unusual stews
God bless you brothA..sending &
so true I read the text messages back from my Dad at least once a month and they make me
Release it on Nintendo switch please
Only us jlclerot em Beach
U betta werrrrrrrk w yo cute ass hope all is well mama!
MORULENG
I sooo love this drama gave me that pain and kilig at the same time. Gonna miss my Ae Ra and CEO Cha huhu
CHALLENGE BET 1 WINS!
TAP if you are IN for BET 2!
30 likes + we go next!
Happy birthday Anne
Happy 20th birthday to my shorty Love and miss you bunches
I UCF and nothing makes me angrier than to see them not get the credit
Remember these?
Preciate It
Me ha gustado un de ( - BABY PJ MASKS Gameplay with Catboy and Owelette PJ Masks Baby
ily
<180722
Hyang Gold Youtube Channel
Gracias por venir a saludar
I make beats to stay woke
Six months with this sleepy little sunflower I love you x
congrats wizard
Never forget
is now online
ah, i missed it, can you upload a new link please?
Date night
Well done Sienna for and carry on the Hard work.
Don't laugh if you don't feel it, you aren't a performing monkey. Sounds like bullying. You are enough as you are.
Please send him all my love. I'm hoping to share a stage with him one day.
Humbled to be in Morocco, a land ripe with history, architecture, community, spirituality, tradition and love.
This is so important for people to watch
MY MUMS SIDE OF THE STORY.
gracias x su follow
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: Make an offer I am moving, everything must
A BAILAR LLEGO A 45 M DE VISTAS OMG
AMO
Derby!! Forza Milan
I love the lady in your avi - she's a total package.
RT PhotosOfDublin "RT TazMoMedia: I this time of year, every morning is a cracker
You're welcome I am also happy to read your writings too. I am sure I am going to addict your tweets.
Derby!! Forza Milan
:(
RT CumTonia: Back Home safely... Continuation where it ended... just got my favorite red heels on and my tatt
I'm happy you can relate to what I write, experiencing this kind of feelings makes life so beautiful
mommy
RETWEET & FOLLOW
ID :
Area : DEPOK-JAKARTA
EXPO : Bogor 20-21 OKT
BBW Lovers
More info
Lindo demais
Bye Cheddar. Thanks for being my cat for the last 14 years
Cheers to ADE
My family and friends planned a surprise birthday celebration for me today Thank you for everything so
And a Kit Kat!!
Brian is the sweetest soul ever met. so special
Janikki Day
Awe thank you and it really is I am so proud of the bakealong
Many congratulations to both of you..
Iti
Amiga Nova
of course that's ok! catch you later
What a lovely tribute!
I miss Joey
thank you angelica!! love youu
4
If you are in need of money, like this so we can be broke together
Amo vc!!
My heart
appreciate it
Thx sweet mistress.
HHAHAHAHHAHAHA
Durga Puja is one festival where I see more creativity and thoughts involved. People are so talented
So gorgeous inside & out
Infinity and beyond
Just bc I am amazing and you are amazing aswell
Thank you you so much miss you too
When your daughter dresses better than you!
Ugh so cute
My Sunday
This made me cry I love them so much@EthanDolan
ilysm for doing this for people, so kind
Yupp sounds like you Steve
aw kails!!!! i love u so much, forever and always and always here for u, distance is a bitch
Oryx: *puts a "I MY WORM" bumper sticker on the Dreadnaught*
31 hermosas canciones
Abbey this is the cutest thing!!!
Yep!!! Baby steps when you're not feeling well... I do hope you feel better soon!
Happy birthday KiKi xx
Good night
Happy birthday, Dalviiiin
Watching the exorcist and thinking of you
Feliz cumple POMPAS de ouro .
Noa music just relaxes me. If you having a bad day just go listen to her thank me later
And always be proud of you
quiero volver a abrazarte wachito...
Beautiful
Eu amo
crazy that i found someone like you
Bi-polar is very hard to manage. I wish you alll the best and love in your battle.
Feliz cumples bebe
Happy birthday gorgeous girl love from Baxter (& I!) xx
Somethings in life are amazing
badly want to go
The amount of times listened to this song is crazy! I love it so much!
No problem Shane I love you too.
Thank you so much
Can't believe I cried when Jay was racing today, so so proud
On my way back to Hamburg- still in and
Rest in peace, at last we'll all die don't be sad babe
She's in with who I'm
Like I Light....
EHHH AGORA O BAGULHO VAI FICAR DOIDO
New evidence on promotion of by food containing high levels of
Happy birthday Auntie Anne
Happy birthday to you bff Jaenelle Mikaela Merza Gabutero wag kana mag tampo please hehe bawi mi saimo this
HAPPY BIRTHDAY HANBIN
Spread squad is looking ON POINT this morning!
thank you!
how!! Has it been four months, miss it
I thank God for my sister & her husband
Shucks girl, thank you!
You know you were also killing it riiigghhtttt?
follow?!
OTP
Jiggly slime
Ellas
The third movie
Garcia in
OMGGG?? One of my fav
my greatest hype person
I
My family and friends planned a surprise birthday celebration for me today Thank you for everything so
Done! All the best
Someone msg as of rn im doin the same thing i did tomorrow last year and drawing something for someone missed her so fuckin much
"I have got you, deep in the heart of me"
Nice one Kedders So chuffed for you and your team. You made my day
You were so happy I saw your snaps.
Thank you babe, I love you too I wait for more
Fuck you. I am a redneck lol and proud of it!!
I love this thread
NO SHIP CAN BE LIKE MY SHIP BECAUSE MY SHIP GIVES ME FEELS EVERYDAY !!
Dear girls *-*
- He is not a playboy
- He is not an ATM
- He is not a driver
- Not All boys are rapist
Respect them
good morning melissa hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
I miss you my Baby
Mihaathanah fenunu emme hihvaru gadha 1 Gaazy
If I can attend another party I would wear this nice hard to see
The fault in our stars
SHRIIIII babyyyyy
The journey is difficult but you know it'll be worth it.
Go support
i remember how much i loved her when i was a kid
Summer isn't over yet
are you still in USA ?
You are Gorgeous !!
Full Leather, want to touch
About 250k views more till we achieve Please STREAM harder alongside voting Seventeen for
LIKE RT FOLLOW BoomBabes BeautyOfTheDay KeepitNatural
--
Get with our sponsor and Follow them
I have the best boyfriend and the best family any girl could ask for.
Competition Time
Simply like, share & comment WIN followed which number 1-20 you would like to WIN
Mumma
Keep your head up girl
Stand by me. you made me cry again!
Never stop
my dad is my number one fr
Es hermosa mi negrita
a real hitta
RT xvillaa_com " LIKE RT FOLLOW BoomBabes BeautyOfTheDay KeepitNatural
My kind of woman beautiful and tattoes
kkloudzz09(repost_via_instant)TGIF!Absolutely loving the new
Thanks for the support!
Thank you
Was awesome to meet you yesterday thank you for taking the time to chat to us Aussies as well
Happy birthday to my bestfriend/the love of my life I hope you're enjoying your weekend I love you so much
Girl thank you love you foreverrrr
i deserve this
THANKS SAM
thanks boo
B7bokoum Gdn
The Gorgeous Rikaa reemelbaroudyofficial
The Talented Designer 7amoudi
layout preso da
Fight game
Yeah trying to do that now
I can relate to this
I still got pain I speak on dealing with a nigga like me easy I just hope u can stay solid
The plug Good looking out B
I love you so much I will support you no matter what I hope you never forget that
Here we go... so nervous for this one! Come on Rosa
Zoe & Taylor used to straight document niggas for me. real love.
I love this song my late uncle always plays it for me. I know one of my spirit guides and is watching
Lmao go on whatsapp now my friend ! Askies
happy bday
them
Oh my gosh, I love you so much,
Grave fan de mon Tanguy photos
A love movie without hug or kiss scene is possible to hit in this period? You guys proved by 96
Jtm mec
I'm so glad I'm not the only one who agrees thank you!
New video from our debut record! Enjoy and share it with your friends
All kinds of poetry
Amo vcs
goodnight baobei
The best crew in
go Red Sox
Hammer time, come on
you know naaa you are the best
have you seen the invisible man?
Retweet and Favorite
Valentine
This year you're mine CrazySchipper_!
And you, whom will be yours?
naraid66
uyoubfbbram0
ready to party this Tuesday?! Ridiculous hype at the moment
Girls free tickets running
Take care of yourself
Dard Sehte sehte insan sirf hansna hi nahi Rona bhi chor deta hai.
-GoodNight
Thanks Sabrina! It's been a blast being able to hang out with you guys, love y'all
Minha
I love your confidence
-she has abundant of talent, no one can snatch that from her. I'm sure she'll reach on more & more heights!
Semplicemente grandiosi
Amtt princesa
No offense but i love exo so much and these boys will always have a special place in my heart
Ani
Talented
I will
Dw, one of them IS you
so true
Good to hear she's doing better
We finally went to a wedding ... instead of working in one!
at McCormick Farms
Same
I really missed OT9
I woke up this morning thinking about
Bcuz: Tom Petty
I hope you are sleeping right now. I really dont mind if you wont read it. I just want you healthy. Get enough rest and happy. I love you
amo tu
She is so beautiful
Night this weather thou.
Rescues are the best!
my zing
Love this: ChrisWest Okay. Last thought for the night. Next person to tell me it's the gets
Irl, i am that pale, unbothered looking girl with resting bic face and always tired.
This day at was amazing and I had the chance to meet someone I admire for years Mr
Mi siempre tan hermoso
has some of the best visual storytelling in the business. Season 3
.@DoveCameron Posted on Instagram With
I'm ready anything
happy birthday 18th birthday to my baby , i love you
Truly the queen.
Great Friends + Great Memories
Dont be sad boii !! I know you can handle this
You are an awesome individual sir. I love what you are standing for.
Good night from our cute little leader
Omg I need to have a baby soon. I'm ready
beautiful - her
my President!
my President!
Get Miley Cyrus to play the new Mandy
Love this one! Choo choo is my new favourite slogan, my collegues thank you for that
shizna Corrections_Mv (via Twitter
We love captain
this why i fucks with you
Por mais pessoas assim
Factsmy a youngin
Goodnight love
Gained 70 Subscribers and capped out at 87 viewers at once last night!
Literally loving you lots
*Dark Brown
Good luck
Missed this guy!
My fave is doing a thing! Stop in and say hello!
successful night with my favs
Do sleep otherwise you'll be more worried
I'm in love with and John Smith is my favorite character. So I decided to
Super thanks sa hugs sir! Happy birthday!
Feliz dia
Night out with the hubby and friends
Happy 18months I love you so much son
Happy Mother's day! nicolekidman
And happy mother's day to all the moms around the world love you!! Gis
We love and appreciate this, Christopher. All our love back to you and yours!
Living for her
My bestf made I sure I enjoyed my birthday all week now only right I do the same for her!!
This Movie Is
Road trip
wow we need new pictures fr but thanks boo!
I use to love you sober
Love this
THAT CHEST IS
HELP ME REACH 10K
CTTO
main account
35 FAVS YA Y TE LLEGA UN MD!
trying to treat somebody daughter sooooo good that her parents wanna pay for the wedding, then I tell em nah I got that too
A beautiful weekend in the woods.
Awesome
It's been a month. Happy 1st everyone!
May I present you granddadmom Styles
Happy b'day hanbinie always wish the best for you stay humble,stay healthy and happy. Much
Ya tengo a dedicarle canciones
20/10/2018
Had so much fun yesterday at Disneyland with my family!
Thank you so much
Proofs
Happy 41 birthday to my mums
If aur thoda low neck hoths tho .....uffffffff .. rocking gehu darling
TRUE LOVE
+ =
&
I love and their love for the scene thanks for featuring these Idles shots!
This is the that I ! Westerly Town Hall
Not to me
lol why roberto hate us but its going to be cute
The best of ... well done and so deserved
I think someone is excited to head back to school tomorrow!
My baby
domiquinnho
Hoco 2k18 was amazing and glade I spent it with these amazing people Desert Shores Community
Boa tarde
Congratulations to everyone who was in Miss Monogram Love you girls!
Um Amorzinho
Another perfect weekend away in & with
Thank you
Over 4.5 first half Asian corners in the Xelaju game 1.975
returns
when on!!
:::: LIVE IN TAIPEI ::::
South 2nd Concert in Taipei
Press Photos by AppleDaily
Weird how a day can go from being crappy to being downright amazing.
Minha vida
Hello
.
.
.
.
.
.
My baby boy is sick again... but we try to smile anyway...
I Bulto
Danke an
You are soo humble Love from Pakistan
Valentine
This year you're mine 852KYE!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
I wrestling
Oii vida, ta bem?
Awww a sweet heart make sure to fight the urge
Listen Good luck Guys. good times
please dm
Cheers Mitch
It Will Break...And When It Does Youll Be Rewarded With Million Times The Happiness
Omg my baby is growing so fast one day you'll be the official Twitter manger for loona
If I could watch one piece of dance forever it would be this Sergei Polunin, "Take Me to Church" by Hozier,
Pau
-Thank you
-For what ?
-For making my brian chemistry balanced for one Day
We love this Sophie, glad you had such a wicked time x
Setup DM by: code_itgirl
Like
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Thanks boo, I love you.
Here it is, it's the whirlwind. It came sneaking up, my love.
K H A L I D
sexy boy kissing you
Koko nu aing
We're thankful for friends. We love
Amo vc
Orhh. Assia
This is really it!! Everything sounds great!! Can't wait to hear the full album.
so glad I found this
Thank you SO SO much. I'd love to hear if the kids like it.
YASSS It's time for a great show DAENERYS:#Music
Congrats machii 2.3k win Keep rocking Mersal panu
Forever and always beautiful
They are beautiful
Okay
When sad a little FaceTime with these two fills my heart and they even know it. Blessed.
Happy Birthday!! I HOPE IT'S A GOOD ONE
Happy 4 months to the loml
Oiii amorrr
Na boa linda
Ly
They can detect as early as 5 1/2 weeks.
All of a sudden, I can't feel my legs. It seems the more you tweet of her, the more love I have for her. xxxx
these 3 tweets are the best thing I have read in forever... gives me hope
SuperNatural
marlowe: *writes edward ii + hero and leander*
marlowe: all i love is tobacco and boys
Eu e o
Yomping up with in the sunshine.. 360 view of the
I bet you look beautiful even with acne
YAAYYYYYYY
So proud of you ily
Omg praying for you right now hope all is okay
I've literally never talked to her before but when I saw that on my tl I was so terrified. Thanks for looking after her
Thank you god for another day of life! God bless
Hey
YOU ARE SO GORGEOUS! Where is your modeling contract?
Perfect
thank you dawg! thanks for coming, love ya!
Priceless!
The best weekend is on...
I heart U son... feeling blessed in Tubmanburg
I love you so much mama, thank you!
This album right now
I wish I was this cute in red and khaki! so adorable
Oi anjo ,tudo bem?
Rooftop with bae the other night
keep you forever cuz worth it
Love you like brother
Hiked up Icicle Ridge. So beautiful up here.
One direction as a whole is underrated. They deserve all 7 billion of the people of the world
Woow! So good
-Thank you
-For what ?
-For making my brain chemistry balanced for one Day
Addicted to cozy style in winter
this
just excited for because I get to sleep in and cuddle with my man all day
Mt obg!
Cutie singing for mom kanina, then now mom is singing for dad
Eyes of lust
..
...
....
3- me gusta
to new beginnings. to you
Abby lad or lass or gender neutral
like this.
Wanna come on dms after school?
Thank you!
Had so much fun at Greeks Clean the Streets!
Regarde mes chiennes
All good now
So thankful for my older siblings for always looking after me
I go through my pictures and be like damn ion even fw with half these people no more. good times tho .
I'm gonna make it you make it because you never give up, I'm so proud to have been with you through
Awww my love
Happy birthday brother ily may you have a blessed day <3
Omg Nav I should have come along
But she got dimples, a butt chin & she a Jr so she won already in
Sunday sunshine walks with two of my faves ft gonna ruin your
My bro
The world's gonna know ur name
The rightly proportioned beard is back
Thank you campaign jee
Dear future Hubby,
This makes perfect sense and I promise to obey
We appreciate people like you, Pere
I'm so sorry. Sending you love and hugs.
Ibiza deu oq falar
Undoubtedly
just getting caught up and so sorry, E. This is all too much. Sending love your way.
Our favourite day of the week is here! Join the billionairegirlsclub_ams tonight for the closing Pop
Thank you, it's beautiful..
about to become
5 time World Champion and join the greats
all the way
Lindas
Wow... this tried and true love!
AAMIIN YA ALLAH
Bless your heart keep that in mind! I just need to find someone to go with
For a great location on a visit to Scarborough stay at The Mansion House Free parking, Lovely rooms at super
Thank you girly!!!! I appreciate it! It was so good to see you!!!
Gonna go Super Saiyan Rose to the bass at Watch out for the scummy.bears booth!
Iziii mudesu
Stay safe out there!!
Elegant Women Faux Fur Collar PU Leather Patchwork Long Sleeve Winter Coat - Black M
more information :
If you eat, eat good
Good Night Beautifulll
Good luck my baby
sorry not sorry
Rest In Peace, Mac.
4/11 shift? First day today. Last day tom tapos rest day ulit.
Happy birthday Camryn!! Miss you girly, catch up soon
Te
I can imagine! It's beautiful can't wait to see the whole video!
22 subscribers!! another day another milestone thanks for showing love! Tell your mom, granny, auntie
i know you are and ily for that
Me hubiera gustado mucho estar
I 50's
Ay Bren :') que D.Osito te escuche
!
she know wassup
another happy customer Miami, Florida
There is to much of you in my heart
Hi! we are the Crackfield from Silang, Cavite.
yup! Had CT the day after I flew back. Results next week. Fingers and toes crossed for us both. Just nothing new would be great!
So sad.
I love you most my handsome guy
Thank your amorcito
Twitter family thank you for your warm wishes
Thank you so much!!!
Having kids can put SO much strain on a relationship so so important to maintain
Maria Guys
LiveMe-Live broadcasting community
thank YOU. you've done more for us than you know. stay safe and healthy!! i wish you well. see you soon
one week long enough with my girl wait till next time
Congrats machii 3.2k win hearts Followers Keep Rocking Mersal panu
Bristol, Bristol, Bristol, Bristol,
Bristol, Bristol, Bristol, Bristol,
Bristol, Bristol
don't forget to react to fan accounts for tomorrow's vlog!!!! You said part 2 on the 22 October, hope you didn't forget
Omg i only got 5 days to go until i meet the diversity boys for the first time ever so excited
Domingouuu!
Good morning bae we in the same time zone now
Thank you, lovely
Can we take a moment to look at my amazing bestie look at her
Hello love
Yess! Thank you!
It my Enjehls birthday
He loved me so much, and even dying he tried to be cheerful for me. always be in my heart my precious
oh yum yum !!
Anissa, you are so wonderful
Oh my good God! Bless him
Chill time for me Busy week ahead then out Friday for Halloween Oh I wait!
Okay I will be ia again I guess but be there to respond to dms.
Ik im the ugliest zquad but this is just for
Love ya too Q
congrats, 900k yey
So, I just noticed that liked my tweet! Aw. Loveyou.
wait to see you
Rattlers forget to wear RED tomorrow as we kick off We wear red as we are to
I am
Happy Birthday JenBear miss u
So great! God bless Grandma Trevathan. Good Luck today
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO I LOVE UR CRAZY ASS I HOPE HAVING A BLAST IN COLLEGE AND I HOPE YOU HAVE A GOOD ONE
we are the best GALATASARAY EN
RepostBy "Property of my beloved Sir.
.
.
Onesie&socks by
.
.
AMO TOOODOS
Mas Wings foi amores
So proud of today performance
You follow me and I love you for that
RETWEET & FOLLOW
ID :
Area : SEMARANG
EXPO : Cirebon 23-24 OKT
BBW Lovers
Skin :
[Advertising/unpaid]
LOOK AT HIM!
God i love him so much!
He is huge (20cm)! Normally my amigurumis are 7cm
Kelly Bryant is a super nice guy! He was all smiles taking pictures with the fans & the kids. WPS!
GOOD LUCK TEAM |
Wow I literallly have the best friends
SADE AALIYAH
It's so beautiful! His look is so intense
The details are so good!
Same! Hope to run into you again soon!
All the best
Enjoy... I heard it won a couple of awards too
been playing this song on repeat lately wow
Positive attitude Totally Unbothered
Woowwww it's amazing semma Kiki stunning
AMOR SABE QUE EU TE AMO MUITO
Petta
Pongal Release feeling excited
Giveaway, 3 winners.
RT this tweet and my pinned . Follow me if u want for more giveaway
Ends 27/10
Meu
Mucha suerteeee!
CASO CERRADO
Love you motherfuckers
Bora tem muito jogo.
Got a super sweet overwatch stream for Hope you can make it and chill with us while we do some ranked!
Omg why is this so me rip I love our convos
Yo te amo
OMG
Thank you!
please follow she deserves it
With you I the and all they share. So glad you follow & believe too!
tmj
Don't. your stories are beautiful.
We love it not for a ship but for the story itself.
take your
so much miss you & love you so much unnie
The right way
Atypical
This picture screams album dropping
love my family. What a great weekend
New profile picture
ok bc ur our loser lol x
Omds ela gostou do meu tweet
had a great time love
hit or i guess they never huh got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
Good morning I woke up naked and free of worries
Happy birthday !
Beautiful gorgeous
glad Ausmus is the Angels manager now cause that means I get to see him play my team so often. He was my fave Astro as a kid.
Got a real big heart but real deal slime
Valentine
This year you're mine rd7315!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Fuck I love that
Thank you for the dance!!
Anna
INDICANDO
SIGAM TODOS, SEM UNF
Paz No
Ugh.... I'm drooling at the thought!
Love you too!
I hate you for those photos but thanks love you too tubby
Lol, hope you are having a great Sunday
Congratulations beautiful couple - beautiful ring!
You are very welcome
Siempre baby
RT tiffanyyoung: RealSway I TRL , thank u for having me
The Hitchhiker
You re missed
Aww that's so sweet
Muita!
Congrats
Yixing baby, u've worked hard. So, please take a good rest baby. Take care of ur self, please stay healthy. We love u.
Thank you for your kind words and support! This is what drives us forward
If God brings you to it, He will bring you through it.
Wine fest with my Yelp fam
Happy Birthday spnguyen1020
Third photo sums up the
Funeral song of my bro Patrick
He is born in the same year as Elon and in the same
Happy birtday bhai
My best friend ever
15 years ho gay hmari dosti ko
Wish u very very happy birthday
These two
Had a great time with this Mythbusters fan!!! the shirt!!!! new_orleanspelicans stemfest
cmgparisfashionweek Palais Garnier
in you, easy to find
Last night at the Joyous Celebration Special
The family is one of masterpieces.. a weekend full of family, love, and fall sights while it was the
34 days since I hurt my knee and this is all I can do at the moment. Feels good to step on my board again
I'm 19 he's 21
What do you call this?
Im having a shitty morning so ty went to go get me boba and a jelly donut how did i get so lucky
Thanks man. I feel this is one of the classiest jerseys we have had in recent times. so elegant.
I'm here if you need anything at all! You won't lose her. Stay positive
Logan getting really into because of me is one of my favorite things about our relationship.
I just want them back
good night
I agree! Uncle Cuthbert is a treasure and delight!
I wish there would be someone I could share this with :)
She absolutely loves her Aunt Les! And so does her momma! We would be lost without you and Lukers!
They sing so good like an Angel
Ugh me too
This is winning season, I love it
I'm online now !! let's have sexy fun and enjoy of my room in
I stan
Just sharing good stuff- this helps the soul a bit
Finaly
Prima lindaaaaa
late night talks with mama&papa
A M R
Yesss
love the herd and
Such an amazing young lady!!! love the makeup!!! Stay inquisitive and shoot for the stars!!
OUR ALFA WARiOR
LiON ROARiNG iN WH!
WE
RED
Mon petit coeur
What amazingly wonderful animals. So loving & full of emotions.
Mid90s brings so many nostalgic memories of the gang, only movie that hits right at home.. love it
happy birthday meti~
We have missed you too much!!!
A truly magical place...@Gdavidson63
I want to live there
Love you too.
I CANT GET OVER HER I hope she always stays this happy and full of fun and energy and L<3VE
so happy for Lo. You and are a joy
and Eddy are truly goals, and so happy for you guys. Happy anniversary. Love you guys so much.
really beautiful
I love you so much
happy birthday lovely
Had a great time with this Mythbusters fan!!! the shirt!!!!
Andrew Luck is so good
Aff callate
Crush
Hi my queen, please follow me
Aah te amo
YES
And a tender is answering your declaration of
Wish you did too brother! always next time, and even maybe permanently, you never know!
Well that time... thank you Cleveland!!! Chicago here we come !!! See you tomorrow! Downtown
Definitely; I'd be honored! Please keep me in mind!
Thank you, Snail If Finchy helps get me a job, I think I officially owe you and the boys royalties!
Mi Julie
old/new share
Que bom
Recent addiction
Thank you.
My then 13-year-old cried, too. For his friends who are gay, bi, and trans. For his future. For all of us.
PaisajesGeo : sabe que es esto?
I wanna be positive from the Moment I sleep to wake up and have a Killer week
Name starting with S are best person
Feliz Dia Mama !
Thank ya bbby
new layout
not true at all! i love you
watch this episode
Many blessings and years of happiness together Amanda and Andrew! We love you! Orlando, Oklahoma
Heavenly Beautiful
||
You are so beautiful and I miss your face
Look at her beautiful meaty ASS
I am now a red head
If I eated cum. I eated because I did. No I
For my first homecoming this was truly a blast & I LOVEDDDD every minute of it
They So Cute !
purity
You will be highly appreciated in my next list if you follow the list members
I love you baby
Like I've said before, some things are your polar opposite and that can be toxic.
this guy is asking ur fans4 $$$ we get it shut down on FB n IG thank u pls HELP
Yo! This album has touched my soul in a million ways
My OT9!!!i love you so much my boys!!!You are all so damn hot!!
a bunch of Han'sVideos or photos to liftin up my day
Follow&support
Lustfilled boobies
..
...
....
Thank you
autumn Chorley
That's lovely. is this pic from your house in ? Love the vine yard, didn't know they produced wine
Hi Ulrich. On your way to my country. Wow! You go everywhere!
keep your head up
Pour me a cup!
.
.
by
I igneous rock you
Oof
if ashton sees this tweet i wish he could follow and it would mean the world please
Happy birthday to the one and only
Hanbin, be happy love you
are making me cry in the middle of Central Park. I love you guys so, so much.
I can live with that.
MAN IM SO PROUD OF YOU!!!! finally getting the attention you deserve
Thank you, love
or
I still love this
This one if my favorite things from yesterday
Proud of you love
love to see people especially young ladies from my area thrive and living lifeso beautiful
thanks rose i appriciate that a lot.
Had the best day today with the at this year has surpassed last year in every way an
The best
My dad just surprised me at work with lunch. truly the sweetest
thank youuuuu!
Bhai you deserved
Love u my soul
Aww that's SO sweet of you for saying that THANK YOU! You're amazing! (btw I love that gif )
i love u sharky u can always talk 2 me!!! i hope you feel better soon
You look so devilishly sweet someone to cuddle up to
Fall festivals are the best! St. Dominic Village
Thank you for inspiring me every day, I hope someday I can be like you
You are amazing! And such a great leader for all those kids.
Staying down with my job , mannnn i actually love it
Absolutely love this I'd love to show this off on our Christmas table this year
Good Luck Everyone! Xx
People Call Me 3ezz .. But You Can Call Me Tonight
only one straw.... said eight billion people. Plastic straws suck. The real killer . I the
Joe and Karina!
can you please follow me?
Lmao fuck shit Go lol ty sweetheart alive
TAKE CARE, B!!! i love you and thank you so much for everything.
Late tweet, but the new intro brings me joy every time I see and hear it. Absolutely fantastic
Kratika
You opened a conversation many others were too scared to, and gave us a connection that many of us needed. one is
My baby just a mamas boy, all
Thank you CBD fam for being such a great group of people
spiritual.awakening1
Yes pls, tag someone.
Via thoughtsnlife
That is so sweet of u & most appreciated. Tangela fans are the BEST
Valentine
This year you're mine not_one_which_!
And you, whom will be yours?
Get well soon and this snack is
viste The Vampire Diaries?
Tangs, amo-te
Burna boy - Pree me
My senior year homecoming is definitely one to remember. Nothing but love and good energy.
for a Tbh
Love how her pic is of her at Meadow Park.
thank you shorty
I this pic
happy birthday trey
wow i love them so much
i had so much fun last night ughh i miss them
RT for a song in my be-suri awaaz
Keep calm, keep learning, and keep learning to be calm!
hvva sweet dream gonna have online test for law subject, yea wish me luck see ya :)
Render (PNG and Background)
+
Beautiful place, food & experience! Thank you beautiful Prasuna for gifting with such a special evening.
i miss my favorite person so muchhhh i cant wait to get back home & see that smackable face .
You had me at "a new Metal Gear"
Happy Sunday mama! I hope you and the rest of your family have a beautiful and blessed day
Sample Please don't hesitate to ask for any other designs , quotes or stickers I will do the best I can
Now a fab photo
Exactly! Train your kids to be kind to every person in life
we're here for you boys
we'll always be here
An organizers dream!! Hahaha!
Ooh, the subtitle
Heard
RT hasyMOONLI8: Mihaathanah fenunu emme hihvaru gadha 1 Gaazy (via
MUCHO AMOR Y MUCHA CECINA PARA ESTE TIPO AL WUE HACEN LLAMAR FAMPS uwu
"Cause somebody somewhere" has the NUMBER ONE song today! Congratulations on number EIGHT! So proud of you!
I just cant stop listening to "Kiss and Make up"
I love where I live
Click the link & vote for niece, every vote counts .. Thank you
Meu
Sigue siendo tendencia mundial
Find me on IG
Spoil me
Join my Kinky Army
ask for a sweeter / more talented
Even Cinderella & Moana !
orgulho
Eyyyyy Villain
Smileeee
Dnj
Ahaha nevermind, unnie. I'm happy to give you a little help o u o
Yasss
Thanks to you Val, walked it :)
Best relationship is when you can argue and then work it out FUCK that breaking up shit
8 Chan!
Though speaking of baseball, his message is applicable to any goal you might have.
good morning kim hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
You are the music to my eyes
I love all of my dawgs
Yes imy too omg
Gotta smoke a blunt when I return
one of my present for you my bbg for our 1yrs 8month Anniversary . Love you sayang Ipoh, Perak
Why is prettier than most females? Love you boo boo!
Of course 9
Honesty wait! I love episode with real life events
HOMECOMING
This lovely Kitsune is doing a giveaway featuring my pins as the prize~ Good luck to everyone who enters
Come on Lewis Hamilton .
Family
F1 time America really knows how to put on a show!
Yea this man deserves more projects coming in very dedicated person to his craft That is why a
HOW LONG [AMV] MIKU thank you so much for the support my channel link
how to: get smoother lips
a Dolly quote! ...well... almost.
Will do!! Thank you
&
&
&
&
&
&
&
&
THANK YOU!!
I just want to have a NYC meet up with people
Ily see you November 15th uwu
Lastnight with the girls
So lucky
Add to Snapchat - BlushSnaps. teen and slutty girls
You are life.
RETWEET & FOLLOW
ID :
Area : BALI
EXPO : Jakarta NOW
Shemale Lovers
More info cek bio!
My girls new fave We love
It's time I let you go
I made the mistake, go writing your name on my
'Cause you colours showed
But it was too late, you left me stained
Peace & prosperity
Yesss
Thank you sweetie
Proud of you
and Just posted by Maddison on IG
From the heart
GOODNIGHT SEE U TOMORROW
You're welcome Sis
Amazed at how young Adore Me is still travelling...
I miss my cocoa butter kisses
all u hv to do is look up and remember i love u
I love my city
The place where I left a piece of my
she can ship anywhere at the buyers expense
Thank you for the wonderful time
Quite possibly the cutest Devstream moment yet.
This tweet, "RT yoonginietyy: [ BTS 4th MUSTER ]
WW
6 WINNERS
[ RULES ]
RT &amp; LIKE TO ENTER
This tweet, "RT yoonginietyy: [ BTS 4th MUSTER ]
WW
6 WINNERS
[ RULES ]
RT &amp; LIKE TO ENTER
All our iconic elements in a single image: the Chajnantor Plateau + Lore the transporter + Antenna = Photo
Shush! His wild long curly bangs are gorge!
Family is everything.
One big hurdle over. Next one will be no problem for that little trooper.
I love you the person who deals with my minor panic attacks at least once a day lmfao
Better wake up and act fast Georgia vote republican dem
RVers Travel Trailers! Check out these top favorites and let us know what you love about your
My peace is cleaning my room switching up my home decor , listening to music ,burning candles, tree and having a glass of wine
perfect the way you are.
They met Turia!!!
So happy to see them together. Turia is a real warrior and inspiration to any women
Guest post from the lovely Thank you so much for this post Erin and for being so patient with me
You always pretty
What a cutie
Happy birthday darling
You deserve all the happiness in the world
sis your mom is so amazing and talented
hug her for me
glad to hear that sweetie
Essa festa tava boa eeem
thank you so much for coming boo!
Feliz cumple mi amor
Tqm
Mereces lo mejor
A foot and back rub would be amazing right now
Pessoas assim valem muito a pena
Btw i love
So proud of you
Such an amazing time, thank you everyone for coming!
BaBoom!
Welcome Siddhi
Please give us a picture with Narbhi both together
Bhagwan aapka bhalla karega
Happy Anniversary!
homecoming 2018
Done
proud of you and I love you
No problem bro much love
Especial Netflix
Stranger Thinks
Dark
alright, love you
Favorite comes out around 1:45:00 they did so well really proud
mais je fonds
This is why I love Liam, always thinking of others and standing up for woman
Ilysm
amo!
Tropical Skittles are pretty neat.
My heart will go on
This song is about as true as it gets you were amazing
yaay first of many!!
annoying sometimes but so are you but everything you
I this! Inside The Louisiana School With A 100 Percent College Acceptance Rate |... via
Right around the corner November 3rd Nashville!!! its the Girls Lucci Tour... Catch me x
Thank you so very much!
Kasper is that supportive friend
" I was born without a zip on my mouth "- women like me
"I love the light in your eyes and dark in
I'd sell my left nut for the chance to wake up next to that
That's exciting! I mean I'm always going to request more butt... Just so you know.
If you have a friend like Joselyn then doing it wrong. The &4 went a long way
Love it when we get visitors!
Miss you heaps, sisters
.
.
.
.
.
.
She may be small, but she's taking up a lot of room in our hearts
I saw and one of the first things she said was my hair looked so long!! the way to my heart
Yes! That would be great. Would you want to sit down with me?
welcome, love ya
My children
, i miss them.
Sunday Thankful For All My Blessings
Fancy beautiful
Undeniable Beauty
Amazingly stunning D Curl's
merci schtroumpf Jimin pour tes mots doux
We love a cuddly boy
Congrats to Mr and Ms Macias
hi babe, how are u? i just wanna say I love u so much
One coming next year January for my My father The king
HIRE THE WHOLE OF RUBIX FOR A PARTY!
Superstar 80's DJ
Bar staff
Door staff
Neon party pack
Valentine
This year you're mine pettygirl154!
And you, whom will be yours?
cheesy grins for my fellow gays
RUSSS NYC was crazy last night!! I love you
You welcome
5 things I learned from the vlog
1. People will always treat you the way you treat them
2. If
Come on
Me como hicieron IDOL
Thanks friend
thanks Matt
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: Louis Vuitton . via
Thank you!
this little bunch of legends. Another day, another win. Go Knights
I wanna vibe contagious
asCendimos
Confirmed stats: 71-yard scramble by Mitch on an 8-yard TD run!! That can RUN!
Lol!
happy birthday gorgeous
Sean
De anos, Bicho
That btw tysm
Of course I received mine, and wanted to thank you and all team..
Me want to go inna di City karl knows best and me ready
Thanks bby
Best. Bachelorette party. Ever.
Happy anniversary to us, Mi Amore!!
Really put afer a statement showing someoene is constantly suffering on top your head. Nothing about
I love you Sloth
Una semanita
Some things never change
Nobody's perfect. We make mistakes. We say wrong things. We do wrong things. We fall. We get up. We learn. We grow. We move on.
Watching new video, wish I had a friend like
Absolutely amazing!
thanks nat! Love you
Had the best few days in wales
I miss my grandma so much
Just love *
HELLO SIS BARU TAU HARINI HARI JADI BI AHDBAKBSKAHXNAISB BAE
Whatever keep doing your best make the most out of your time here!
Venom is my new fav wait to see Carnage soon!
Therefore , Prince Buster. Happy days, Buster.
thanks buddy
These are chartdata replies boo, if going to reply expect people in ya mentions
.... always
Sade .. such memories too
I've seen this before, and even now all I can say is wow! What a human being he was!
thank you my love
Tomorrow
GO GO GO GO !!! I totally ur attitude
I'd love this.
I can relate
My Foundation
They raised a
Mister Green & GrannyGreen
Took me in at 2 Y/O
25 heading towards 26 and
One on one bookings in Florida always available email hendersonjoliek@gmail.com to schedule a date
You are my everything and the best thing that has ever happened to me
Screaming HAPPYBIRTHDAY to my first friend I made in Corpus This is our 4th year celebrating your birthday and
Thanks for coming
Learning to make everyday productive
irmao te amo
You have my heart
Te amo
She hit the good parent lottery jackpot
a beautiful family waitin on a beautiful baby girl aye journee HURRY UP BABY WE WAITIN ON U!!
crying i miss my babies so much
Thank you lil mama
Bdnfnekfn thanks bby
Let talk about him holding his gum what a cutie
Look at what my sister just gave me I'm so excited
My forever
CANT FORGET LOUISVILLE
Domingo
One day someone gone appreciate all this good
Dont mess up my tempo spoiler
weareone.exo
Inside Out Family! Ari - Disgust, Mark - Fear, Me - Joy, Josh - Anger National Harbor
Dope
My child that hate pictures .. Babyboy
What an icon
Good times with my MITT family! Thank you for the surprise all of you!! Love that we
Wonder Woman
.
.
Products used:
in 120
How sweet of you to do that.
Thanks
So lucky to be neelofa may all of us will be successful & rich enough to afford the muraka
nice to share !
I really enjoyed my time with you guys see you next year
TELL THEM KING!!!!!
WELL SAID!!!!
Sorry for all this shit you & Your team go through Love
Hopefully
Yin's mom
I have to get one of these at least ONCE while in Miami
ALicia
Thank you babyyyyyyy
Can someone with design skill do me a poster? Will obviously credit you done the text, just need it to be pretty.
A Back List Gem MAD DAUGHTER Gossip regarding her mad mother causes her to spurn a gentleman and
Yeah it was amazing! I met syndicate as well and be in his vlog tomorrow
And why we him!!#maga
that place used to sell food throughout the night.
Thank you dear friend
dude your header
I you clothes
holi ~
podriamos hablar por md ?
This is love
all the best for the race, Seb all the pressure is off so it'll be interesting to see what happens.
Thank you, Steve! Yes, this one rather gushed out (euch, that sounds pretty unpleasant )
Just bought 8 fresh baked bread bowls and now my car smells like bread
Especial Netflix
Jessica Jones
Daredevil
Candy can be bad for you if you eat too much of it.
I need one for my dance studio
Thank you uwu
i was about to say i want bss to sing at my wedding but dk wont be there why? bc he'll be at the altar
better together
What an amazing weekend with my people we are going through their status updates and in every single one
I wish you nothing but the best of luck make em all say ERIC !!
Doing everything we can
You can count on my vote in his memory.
This is amazing
You have my heart
I Korean food!!
THIS IS A FUCKING MASTERPIECE, I REALLY LOVE IT I'M PROUD OF YOU HONEY
Queens with the same birthday!!
Dancing with the feet is one thing, but dancing with the heart is another
Happy birthday to my giiiirrrl hope you have a day just as amazing as you are, I love youuuu
Real Hollywood glamour
free tube bro on his way
What a weekend! Thanks everyone in Amsterdam, Edinburgh and Manchester - 3 very different nights. Big love
I love What Kind Of Fool
I still live in hope of hearing it performed
I know
What's your favorite food? BURGER !!!!!!
I'm speachless
I love this man
Amo vcs
She sells hair and this is her very own!! Go S H O P she has Major deals going on rn!
Thankyouu my lovee! Hopefully be back sooon
you're welcome
Sunday funday with the family
Aww I bet that was super cute!!
Bu ruhu
MY HEART STOP THIS IS SO CUTE
Missed this guy so much when I was in Erbil, crying
I think this song can count as one of the most beautiful songs ever created for Disney
Can you tell I Love my bike Thank You again for the tribute to my Mom
Over Shaw mate
He is a beautiful boy. Sending noodle all my love.
Gotcha... send Ma some random twitter love.
You look fab! (Not you Tommy, the other one XX)
Through ups and downs,
Tag your baba.
Congratulations you two the most hotest couple ND also everyone's favorite , may god bless you
Just getting ready and then be online for 8:30pm guys
I have seen my mistress!
my very own sister.. well.. cousin.. but sister.. multi talented I'm proud of you
And of
Same to you Laurie
Ff to 27 please
Iam not gonna let you make me feel bad for asking a question Festus
kiddos all time fave..coz i make it fully loaded( to save time and money i guess)
WELCOME TO PARIS GUYS!
BIENVENUE
Aww thank you
Girl, I know you try
You fly straight into my heart
But here comes the fall
See, Oh See, How Much I Love Thee.
Omg thanks angel
I U Too
Thank you all for coming. This has been a truly special day
Catherine Tyldesley
I this picture of the NASA team!
SO SMOOSHY!!
great drill for Emphasizing and skills.
all the pressure is off so it'll be interesting to see what happens today. good luck, Seb!
Congratulations
Enjoy the day
Thank you honey miss you too!
sometimes I just need fangirl moments listening to old school JLS.
always be my running back love you dawg
Fofocamos muito ontem kkk
Remember him with a smile. Warm hugs to you and your family.
i miss you so much it hurts also this was the best night ever
Please check out my story and fundraising page. A little bit can go a long way
Feliz cumple
picture on princess_madeleine_of_sweden s Instagram accout So adrobale picture of Princess Leonore and
I looked forward to a Community Day this much since Mareep
/
Okay, here you are ~
the best in the world
/
2 Youtube Stars and 1 Luigi
Fab show , definitely lived up to the original ! Loved it
thank you sweetie! love you sam.
You really pull off every color
Stunning shot of ZeeZain by talented artist richcompose
sigue en Apple Music Argentina
Hahaha I like you Jenny
Bizimki de bu
These folks at DxE are doing truly amazing and necessary work.
love you Jas I hope you had an amazing birthday you look so beautiful
6 songs 20 mins i needed more
Thank you
The community are truly special. so
Oh no ways, I have gorgeous friends shame
Vamo
Thanks lovely, awesome to see you briefly!
Domingooou
I do believe in miracles!! The little strong happy dog! I hope he/she all well now and always the best for them
Thank you babessssszx I woof u too
I liked a video Caspian Gets Surprise Gift for Everleigh!! | Slyfox Family
Dont measure the size of the by the size of the ..this tiny literally knocks on my window 2
Although we are in Toronto, today, our hearts are in Vermont Shelburne Farms
2 hour virtual walk & talk with in this perfect fall weather made for a perfect morning
EXO
RETWEET & FOLLOW
ID :
Area : JAKARTA
EXPO :
MILF Lovers
More info cek bio!
DM
Okkkkk, Finally 1MILLION INSTA FAM!
Stay Blessed! MUCH LOVE AND POWER TO YOU!
Much love brotha, appreciate you
Because I know how to love myself, I can then love others.
it was meant to be. yg and sm are finally together
Moody northern moors.
Sevmek
Yep!!
Ur SO cute !!! So much love
my fucking love
Reminding myself of how much I enjoyed Justin Bieber's Purpose album.
Thank you, Marsha! And for responding so kindly to my blatant plea for attention
La quiero mucho
been a rough weekend, but filled with so many of friends.
Ily
And
I love u both in the show
Stay strong both of you
True kindness comes from within.
, !
!!!
something big is happening
Die hier
EBBEENNNNN MY GUY.
Thanks Pey pey ily and miss you back
worry , even if you aimed poorly much love for helping me out when my power went out
Emojilerle
of course she knows where her man is that melts my heart
going to get the job Babe!
Prince Michael Jackson and Madonna
The plug Good looking out B
. [21-10-18]
ig stories
On to the championship! good luck Jags
Love This!
Both
Love and congratulations to you both I hope today is a wonderful start to your life together
Memories of the wedding of and
Yo mas bebota
Thanks for RT
marca o(a)
Wonderful Story the Lady of the Lake comes alive and once again Fairytales and Reality come
I'm so happy for you
ah sim, obrigada
DT and Alex bantering is just
Especial Netflix
Peaky Blinders
Narcos
Petite fille
Tokyo
Sinh vui
Happy birthday!!!!!
Love love love B.I - iKON
Keep health and
all you boo
oi can you follow me and my friends?
Abbelliiiii! Wonderful couple!
I love you both
wow
te amoo, come to Brazilll baby
Date night last night
Right back at ya, Olivia
i am currently watching blackpink house episode 1 at their youtube account. they're so cuteee
fine teachers of twitter.
I simply adore you from the bottom of my heart
Love his voice
Your content is always so good, I'll never get tired of saying that you're the queen of fansites, Sara :')
Happy Birthday Thank you for being this incredible woman for all of us, and for bringing the
Meu amor
My favourite
Lil red
You too my dude
| :
sold $175 in books today. Thank you!!! My goal is looking more and more within reach
Happy Birthday Mom Thank you for everything. I love you.
thank you my own alien. i love u too!
Impressive Aesthetic Appeal
HAIL TO THE NEW QUEEN! CONGRATS BON GINA IS SO PROOUDDDD OF U!
Looking forward to Nov 1st!!! Get your tickets Nashville!!!
Dancing with the feet is one thing, but dancing with the heart is another
She's so sweet ..
Bed peace by Jhene Aiko is such a beautiful song
you massaged me when I was on a wheelchair a few weeks ago. abused you enough
Mabuo pamilya ko this coming Christmas and New year
happy Sunday legend
So yeah one of the reasons we love He is so kind and sweet and humble My heart just exploded
We had such a good time at the Lymphoma walk! Here are a few shots from our team!
my baby and I will forever miss you. I love you Sadie baby, be good, and see you when I get home
J. Cole / ATM.
Text me if you need to
His smile and high five def warmed my heart! What a true champion Keep inspiring buddy!
Harry Potter Nunca canso.
Huff
Nass dotez ce ptit sheitan
Sexy ladies
..
...
....
can i just say that hearing human behaviour,and THAT line specifically means alot to me,especially now (you know why)
Vas y ma maman twitteral
I hope for the best but prepare for the worst.
I'd appreciate it if you could check out my Vlogging Channel
Krass wie mich jedes mal wieder macht
Thanks bae
Babysitting sweet Olivia last night at Casa Benson Happy 1st Birthday!!
if I ever have a daughter I hope I have a bond like does with his daughter
One of my happiest days. A promise ring worth a thousand words
Never mind I'll find someone like you.. I wish nothing but the best for you too
Don't forget me, i beg
Lindos
Lunch date with my 5
Had such a good time yesterday with my man
It's okay. Thank you so much
I never felt this type of love from a mf she really love a nigga
Seems like a final, a great One! Come on !
Your design is amazing
LRT: Hey, cool! I got featured in a Twitter Moments collections featuring heron stuff!
I hope everyone drinking rn wakes up sick tomorrow
Aaw thanks!
that sounds like Jo.
That's all anyone can ask of you. I'm really proud of you for trying
Dp showed ranveer's pic when asked for family..
Aww.. My precious people
You deserve more than that!
It's absolutely beautiful. I've never seen anything quite like this before
so excited for our girls day I definitely need my friends
What will happen when Heer will fall in love with
true love ya xx
We cute tho
Hopeful! That these last two months everything will fall in place and make sense miss you so much
I that song!!!! One day I will have that!!!
Contract sign kar na bhava
Gostosinho da Dinda
Shipping bracelet succesfully to my second buyer. I hope it gets to you soon! Ash wrapped with rope looks hot
markstouch
Trust the process, things will change
Love u too baby
Yes am definitely his most favorite child
I give president lesbian a little thumbs down RIP Marty 11/08/18
Mwaaaa'h
Looks beautiful!
Epic Night w: my chocolate drop
You Jake dog, he deffo looks puppy like in this photo
What an angel. Bless him
Proud of you
Thank you,
Before|beyond
RIP David Taylor, Jr, (#USMC)
Remake Series
Please Retweet
Corbyn Instagram con toda su hermosura
corbynbesson
Pd. por estar tan inactivas
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KIM HANBI .Producer, rapper, composer, lyricist, leader of iKON. Words will never be
Woke up thinking about
So, driving 30 min to my place because
On Channel 5
Has to be a custard cream surely
Que disfrutes mucho tu dia bebe Te Adorooo..!
THE BEST NIGHT
22/10/2018,
ZAK ABEL IN KOREA
Happy Birthday
I Got My Smile Back!
no omg tess dont cry :( seriously its fine!!
wait
OT9
Teaser
Individual teasers
MV
cant wait
OMGThank you so much My Handsome Lala &Sweet Bhabi
Stay happy always:)
Love you both
Live life like your last day alive.
Fanstatic
back off our holiday! missed you all so much. Got some great content and stories lined up this week
a los 45 Millones
Love seeing my friends leave toxic relationships and finding somebody all about them
thanks, you're all
naraid66
cx@1@w0mtenc
Minha maluca
One has to do what one has to do Larry
you make me happy... when skies are gray!
by
Say "howdy" to my hometown!!!
I'm just in the other room. Ke yatla
eu por ti
One of my favorite lines of hers
My darling, you so amazing, so special to me
I'm really sad about you too, my friend. You are so amazing.
Go Lewis
Perfect day for go go
wow
Offff
Found this ushabti this morning, was this your doing if so thank you
Even if we speak to each other on a daily basis, always love real ones know.
Aye, as long as you got eyes. You can watch all the hentai you want
Anoche vi a mi crush y no mames siempre estas uff hahahaha fuck life.
RT tiffanyyoung: RealSway I TRL , thank u for having me
Big thanks for Oh Sehun
YEHET!
Wo din bhi kya ache the ,
Jab hum sab bache the :')!!
Ayan Ali Crush For ever
I hope all have a fun and safe
I'd be walking with you all today but I have an injured foot and a
MEU AMORRRRR EU TE AMO MTTTTT
Still so overjoyed my grandma is cancer free now!
Need a tradesperson or new supplier? Do what did & just ask BETTER than
DAY 20: BREAKABLE For this theme I wanted to draw Minior It can change its appearance by
maroon 5 vibe type of night
Major missings in life!
aw i'm so happy for you
RT gainarianafans: Follow everyone who retweets and likes this
O shitttt celeb n so dya mujhy
Thanks umar
FAVS
Missing you
He is gorgeous
It's a good time to pre-order. Go get your album now.
EXO
I want a baby before but I definitely do
Feliz a la mas linda
hilltown ho flashing booty
Nooooo that sucks so sorry to hear. Keep fighting Mel <333
You look so cute
Rutgers Rah Rah
Stay French army its okay !
i found my next soulmate
Seeing and hanging out again makes me my smile
thank you love
Gianna such a happy little soul Iwade, Kent
I liked a video ANIVERSARIO EN HAWAII
Love in the 21st century
Bamboo bike = pure love
(Picture by Ernest Robert)
Te amo
On my way to spend the week with this cutie that I utterly miss all the time my Lil chunk of a baby bro
+2
I don't see why you should wait, sis. The following day nje jump start that nigga
I this!
Those eyes
My girl makes me so happy bruh....I swear I ask for better she is my better
So Proud of you !!
simm hehe
Self love Sunday
if it makes you feel any better i love you and would have loved to spend time with you this weekend
my weekend was extremely eventful. I just thank God for allowing me to see another day
ahhh thank you girl
this. Every little thing IS gonna be alright!
It means we just need to be patient right
happy bday love
Nice to see some Heart
believe how far my has come! Started off with just the necklace and now 90% done!
Impressed with the design of this episode so far. All that lovely 50s retro design
Thank you for keeping us poor :)
Just realized a day late picking winners so gonna extend it until Tuesday (my show date)
Happy soul day boah much love
Cow whisperer
Thanks Chelsie!! Love you.
Thanks for the retweets
When you said you looked a mess, I whispered underneath my breath, but you heard it, darling, you look perfect tonight!
Becca is the mecca of cuteness (24 Photos)
Iago Falque
Elsa is over the moon with her signed copy of Peace Lily
After clash, rush push with Sona burst build (seriously, Sona is b r o k e n)
Going to be an emotional moment seeing my baby back on the pitch! You got this
Maravilhoso
TE AMO,TE AMO
Thank you
Just this team. These girls work so hard and it shows week after week.
Congrats Ali
Aww, I am glad.
Come home soon
Especial Netflix
Por trece razones
Orphan Black
trying but hard but hopefully escape helps
Lunch on the London, Ontario
The book has arrived - read it and
such a long shot but where are these glasses from/what style are they?
You're amazing
You can do it girl! May Allah ease everything for you
Jisoo's pic on the floor was taken by jennie, while chaeng's pic was taken by Lisa. Hmmm. Do you see all the ships?
Valentine
This year you're mine have_gum!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Celebrating the newly found EFX videos
ily bella, i hope friend is okay now and doing good
Olha que princesa
Hello my Sweetheart: Thinking of u with enormous love, on this beautiful Sunday. I want u to know, I U so
Lazy Sunday. Just me and my baby
sorry honey
Harvest 2018 crc (UK branch) live on faith TV
ikr lice's favourite gal
Holy hot love
Obg meu amor
Fine
I love this. & you
lights off tv on sound on loud plenty of wine come on Lewis - lets do this!!!
Things I been to for Sabrina Carpenter
Un bon repas ~
Rt + Fav ~
If you're looking for me, I'll be next to the on our sofa tonight
Follow your heart but take your brain with you
Ma! ahre que ni tiene Twitter
[LIVE ]
In this episode: SPOOPY SUNDAYS WITH MACS!
I'm playing condemned: criminal
"Thinking of on what would've been her 62nd birthday. Take a look back at her best
Let me be one of the winners, pls
The Truman Show
MashaAllah..
Dear Sir...
I m a huge huge huge fan of you...
And I have a dream to meet you once sir... Bas
Muy Feliz Dia. Eri
Wow! What memories!! Hope feeling from the tonight!
Owen hart of gold
My favorite 90s in ring wrestler
What a talented athlete
RETWEET & FOLLOW
ID :
Area : JAKARTA
EXPO :
PANLOK Lovers
More info cek bio!
DM
Look at our mans with his own little twitter moment
Liam is so, so inspirational to all women! Thank you for showing us respect, unlike the press we appreciate it
They're the same
Thank You bro i appreciate it
Rush
Dad,,,, thank you your posts like these are always so nice. I'm glad you've been in a good mood
Thank you so much, Divya.
And I love your analysis, they're everything.
One of my favourites...
at its best!
IH KOK LUCU TANTEEEE
Hmm! The sensitivity of the
que lindoooooo
muuuucho mi amor
Use the priciple until you can see your doc tomorrow!
Or call them again and tell them items getting worse
I am so sorry praying for your family
had such an amazing day today meeting all you lovely brides-to-be at the fantastic
Come on!
Valentine
This year you're mine ibeso_41!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
ulm hc
love with this song
- idontwannabeyouanymore Billie Eilish
live! Our Wedding Day
Fun weird Fact: I get so hyped by drummers really are amazing
Wishing the guys the best Vegas run
Falling all in you my favorite wedding song
Domingo de postguardia y Milo lo sabe
Totally agree... these magnificent gentle creatures need our complete protection.
it just
Thank you
Miss you too we gonna go on a date
Happy Birthday To The Greatest Nephew There Is .
Proud of u.
I love Shannon! I hope she finds love again
Thanks
Hoy no apestamos
Yo guys been working alottt of production gigs this week and next. Going to come back strong. See soon
Am really in love with you trust me
Love You KAJU Ma
thank you for making me feel like the only girl in the world. i love you South Carolina State Fair
Happy Birthday Buon compleanno Bon anniversaire Feliz
Alles Gute zum Geburtstag Happy Birthday
i spy a couple of baddies
What a weekend Thank you guys
DaddyD
I would love so much Anna if i lived in your state being your driver and your servant
In any
Tag everyone else accept me xxx
in our thoughts, thank you for all you do for us every day!
Of someone wants to buy me a cow that would be greatly appreciated:) thanks
credits to the genius that is for this edit
That's my Xmas daddy I him
This is so awful. sorry people can be such garbage. Glad you have a good support network though
follow back or i unfollow
mood
A Thread :)
Muy Feliz a Todas las Mamis!!
Hamilton Bae
happy birthday to the king himself. one of the biggest traps i know, but i love you to death you unwholesome ass.
Every episode I have held my breath.
The intensity...I love it
FIRST LOOK: A Discovery Of Witches - Coming
This is where I had lunch yesterday! Lake Valhalla
So sorry for your loss
really just getting up good from last night i had so much fun and i only have two cookies left. thank for the love vibes
thanks
I look forward to having a lunch with you again.
One year ago
All right kiddies, doing this but not gonna tag anyone! If you wanna do it you can
talk some RA to me Ackles
fais ca je la ferai aussi
Yel essin kokun gelsin
I love youuuu so mich my sunshine
Oh please do it for us again Hildabeast! from RNC
I the smiles and the in the background!
Aw no you
so happy when I watch
Always will be one of my FAVORITE shows!
You are spoiling us Mimi
You just amazing Chloe and so beautiful. So proud of you you Chloe you will smash it
more than enough. i love you.
I have grown so much as a person and I love every part of it.
Twincess voice is so cute the way they said I love you dad, I just loved it
Such a sweet
I reeeeeally love The Gruffalo's Child
I wanna hear all about it Savs when you come back!!xxxx
Congrats Carol and Mr Spig
Super ambassadrice pour Mes 4 chats adorent. Surtout mon Milo
Lauren, i am so so sorry. My heart is so broken for you and family. Love you so much.
Hope you need any money sending over?
WE NEED YOUR SELFIES Please share the love for your GM purchases by tagging us directly or by
That fact that she knew what will happen I love my bestfriend sm
We you, God Bless You Loretta Lynn resting at home after hospital stay via
22 inches long and 7 pounds 7 ounces
Thank you for being so cool with our family
This.
The best moment ever
5 later & another race is done
Thanks to the best team ever
IMT Des Moines
thank you
That's a great outlet to vent about everything going on I hope that goes well for you c:
You are SO flirting with me.
59 days more to come for me to finally be in her arms not everyone has a personal koala/panda/gato
feliz cumpleanos!!! all the love in the world to you my friend.
LIKE = SCYTHE ACCOUNT
Follow:
ENDS IN 1 HOUR
GOOD LUCK
Stay active
Valentine
This year you're mine cordialcacti!
And you, whom will be yours?
With Love to
omg be Good luck sis
my bae bie boy so freacking handsome
MERCI NAMJOON
And this is why Nourah is the best
I aspire to be this motivated throughout my time in college! doing great Brit
I love my Manns and also
Thank you also Meng for coming home with us and to Alden as well. We love you both at hanggang sa muli nating pagkikita kita.
This is Layla all the time
They pierce right through you don't they
Thinking of on what would've been her 62nd birthday. Take a look back at her best
MAGA 45 MONDAY EXPRESS
"...Together, we will Make America Great Again!"
Let's be MAGA 2gether,
lets end this war
Bless her heart
the goodest boy? happy birthday
Right?
perfect
That's what they all said. Now ba posta di status tsa bana ba bona nou
i need a fat rat
Love my Mom She understands so much & always knows what is best for me
Awesome news! I ! I & !
Happy Birthday my love
Never give up
Mon pref
Thank you for the reminder lol
Thanks for the invite boo but going halloween shopping
No problem. Shoot me any questions you have and try to remember best I can
Happy to have earned the endorsement of Everyone deserves to be who they are and love (and marry
Butterfly
Of course ily
Un domingo P E R F E C T O
Fura nada
Tu apareceu ontem
Tudo por ela
Everything is bigger in Texas!!
So thankful for my family
Made marco his fav for his bday
One of my favs thank you :)
Yes!!! I would sell an arm or a leg for a photo op with her.
I was waiting for a Shoaika Moment !
But didn't get one
I wish they meet soon !
Two beautiful gorls x Kilwinning
:- I love you I swear
Especial Netflix
Black Mirror
Dirk Gently: Agencia de investigaciones
FOREVER
Honra teu pai e tua
Brilliant
Baby girl woke up from nap time
Birthdays are so wholesome; everybody is celebrating the fact that you were born and came into their life
MY SPIRIT IS GENTLE & HUMBLE OF HEART... COME & LEARN FROM ME Love Letter from Jesus
How wonderful! Lovely
All the shine of a thousand spotlights
All the stars we steal from the nightsky
Will never be enough
needs to have a new conversation about What They Don't Tell You at the Hair Salon
One of my faves
CAFECITO... LA VIDA TE A MANOS LLENAS TODO LO QUE LE HAS DADO...
I want a male friend that we can sit down and listen to each other problems, deep conversations and give advice
Getcha some chips
with get_repost
Happy Sunday (RP jstlbby)
Thanks, Jay!!
Amen! Our God is God.
And so are you queen muva
Famoso Mel Amor
Always and Forever
My womb is triggered
You really have to take it one day at a time. Keep up the good work
Teach them to be each other's best cheerleader.
ANA
Family The Silver Fox Tavern
Let me know how service went .
I really like to hold his hand.
Magnifique
|
Vanessa Hudgens liked Gigi's post.
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Kiana!
Congratulations you two! the most hotest couple ND also everyone's favorite, may god bless you
gonna speak this one into existence for good luck. WILL PASS HER TEST WITH FLYING COLORS
Orange & teal
I'm always here for you
Turn on post notifications on IG if a realllllll Love lover another new one
Love this guy
There's nothing like Sundays in my house with warm cup of tea and heat from the fireplace while watching movies
Dress: Pembroke Pines, Florida
Happy Sunday
I love how you make the difference between your desires and your capabilities goals tbh
Wow 1000 tickets now SOLD for Friday!!! Looks like more scenes like this are too come phase two
Extra large 31oz jar
When are you proposing to Queen
--->
Yus! I will
I like this style
Vidic! he comes from Serbia.. fucking murder ..if only we had a CB like this right now
YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL AND LOVED. 40 THOUSAND PEOPLE CARE. LOVE YOURSELF
Love and miss you too
love of my life
Today was the best
Lovely black
You too Prosper
7p2o 19inch
Loved this interview, Ann!
totally digging racing kit
Waiting
The first kid
New video
Pumkin Halloween Makeup Tutorial! via
Very nice
And we are 1M family now congratulations love keep shining and rising always like that
Thank you
I miss you already thankyou for today you made it amazing
So it was really lay The one Sehun posted on his account ages ago... spoiler king indeed
Familia Liguista Gracias a Dios
Goodnight my "Love"
You know why i call you Love
Love you JiYong
i love you thanks for making me happy i hope you just know that you're important in my life even if you don't know me
thank you noy
Your boss
..
...
....
Old fashioned Shawn lmao
Perfect!
Khush rahen hmesha aap dono :)meri tmam duain aap k sath hein
Smash or pass : Savannah Smash
got some real appreciation for my guy friends the friendships are always so effortless and drama free .
being happy in yourself is the most important thing in the world.
amazing
vacker akustisk version
R.E.M. - Losing My Religion (Live from Into The Night on BBC Radio 1,
Borers Falls with Lou, Coco and Zaina
I have never been that bovved about Rosamund but loving this Morticia Addams lewk
Thank you so much
Thank you, everyone!!!! My mums and I love you! You know who you are.
Sunny Side Up Liwa
Glooks for the goated header bro really appreciate it
Solo el me toma las mejores fotos
NEW VIDEO
"PS4 DEFAULTS RISE UP"
Likes and RTs are highly appreciated
under my nigga always that shit feel soooo amazing.
MARRY ME
What a delicious way to spend a sunday, lying in bed, healing my injuries. This is why I
Valentine
This year you're mine Vli5i!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
I suggest you to take a shower and try to study later
What subject is ruining your life this time?
wait to see you my queen
Wohoo congratulations kingsss, so proud they deserve it soooo much
I love you more babygirl
En live dans 5 minutes la famille
Return of ghoul in BR
Merci Tommichou
Great books, reasonable prices
Fechamento
Yes plz.. we should make people Happy with music
Meu cantinho!
Finally, its good to be home
Shemale fun
..
...
....
Never tired of winning!
Yesterday was awesome
Today will also be awesome, but much less busy Melbourne, Florida
Congratulations Mr and Mrs Coulson!
JOSE MIGUEL CANELA FELIZ 23 TE AMO MUCHO TE DESEO LO MEJOR MUCHAS FELICIDADES JOS CANELA ERES MI
Te amo bby
My frand.
oh, please! you are beautiful with or without any filter, mou!
All amazing practice! Aww I'm so proud of you
Dress:
My and goes out to those suffering from pneumonia
can i be in your next music video thanks
wait till Hue Jackson gets fired
& good ! been without my dad since I was 12 , so it makes me happy to see guys doing right By their kids
Ok
Stay healthy Rayray
WOW
Love you too
20mins ago. The wife
You can do it. Just focus congrats though love
honestly need to call soon );
You are the BEST!!!!! Thank you and your entire crew for everything you do
Tiny Dancer in Almost Famous
Go hit up
You do bae you do
Make America kind again.
Had a great day
mon amour joli
ilysm
Thw review by pooja joshi on The guy is getting so much love
I love threads so much. thank you two for blessing me with all kinds of threads!
My pleasure! happy to help.
Don't listen to them. Just follow everyone who retweet this tweet
| Gigi's Instagram Activity yesterday / today.
Love this
The song I have given to my bro
my Lainey in the bottom right!
Plitvice
needs to have a new conversation about What They Don't Tell You at the Hair Salon
Tou na seca
Great show! And first time we met!
Plz can someone come see bohemian rhapsody with me thanks
My Nina was thinking of me bc she visited me in my dreams
Thanks a lot Luan
(Hope thts ur name)
I swear I'm going to move up there some of it might run off on me.
Ughh I knoww when they do going to a concert
Friendly reminder be doing another giveaway when I hit 4K followers!!!
been getting up there the last few days
support you till the very very end
Show Some Love
RT / Watch The Video In Link
Boa tarde
em Shopping
Yup
We all love Roblox
Goodnight have a peaceful one
Thank You Hanbin! The songs are all lit always walk on flowery path
Thank you babe!
focus over there so much you may forget who truly sticking with you and waiting for you
Congrats Parth!!
Plitvice
Dinner Friday, dancing Saturday, and church on Sunday. What a weekend with him
You're welcome. Be well, Linda
Nothing has even happened yet but I can feel it deep in my spirit. tonight we celebrate.. Forgive me if overly joyful
* *
You're so pretty. I really want to be friends with you like this tweet then
Countdown
thank you
Sorry about your Pa
Granny's jollof is always the best... you can taste the love
something special
so proud of you!
' minhas meninas
Thanks man
Train station art
go this way to pet that
Omg that bunny Link though...
goodmornight
Buenas!
So proud of you
We are in the hoyo together
Thank you girly
Love
please can you follow me. Ily
Same. my last few days since Thursday have been emotionally rough, but when I play her, I
so proud of you
baby i love your new song "Haya boss lady nipe attention niseme"
Sema
Love that little sweet
We have 16 days until everything is coming together, but there's still so much to
My world in 1 picture Coventry, United Kingdom
Ty I will, just a bit bummed right now
Women are terrible. Protect your heart Kings
Sorry for your loss glock
New York City flights booked.
ohhh myyy gawwd, could I BE more excited
I my QB more and more with each Trubisky throw
We MBS and King Salman... our great leaders
Alles Gute zum Geburtstag Happy Birthday Buon compleanno Bon annivers... via
Made baked ziti for all my coworkers to have for lunch today, so they have to eat the trash we serve
Especial Netflix
Bojack Horseman
Big Mouth
Take that ones you need right now ...
-> : L O V E
: S E C U R I T Y
-> : H A P P I N E S S
-> : H O P
This brought me to tears... it's simply beautiful
That was my show
Thanks
you're a sweetheart and one of the best people i've ever met ily
So proud of YOU Edna!! Miss you & love you lots xxx
Home at last. I fell in love with Cebu all over again. Sobrang chill and ang babait ng tao.
Cute , Sociable & So attractive
My Love My very own
Saudades queijo
Queen Of The Night
It is yes ... lovely tho
Hv a look at me
Stay safe
Love you sis
Aww thank you
Living the dream
Travel safely sugar!
thanks my
Go madiiiir
they talk so much and so soft about Misha MY HEART
focus in the past so much you may forget to look for really there waiting for you
Valentine
This year you're mine ImaginatorV!
And you, whom will be yours?
I rarely use it but I love it
EYVALLAH
All these rappers dying, lord i just ask you to protect G Herbo
My heart beat
yesssss!! he looks so mature too djkfkjf honestly so charming
Muito
So excited for my 1st date with him next weekend !
Te amo
Love this
President. Trump 2020
Good luck Lewis
Best thing ever seen well done that man
how to unloved someone kuyaaaa? :( wash out mo po sya jan sa mind mo atee, di po sya healthy jan hehe
I hope okay. This is horrible. I love you.
Yeeey!!!
I'm still gaining followers and all I did was follow OneMoreComedy ! Try it
je t'aime petit chat
tracks 9 through 12 is my shit
they were amazing today, so proud of them
My niece pretty af
i love her so so much :((
OH MY GOD I wanna cry. Shawn is just such an amazing person
11. Meu gatinho
happy birthday to the baeest xxxxxxxxxxxx u queen
I loved the music video Ariel, so proud of you
Mooh petit chat
please get me these, thanks
Lookout Indy...the are coming after ya!
HAPPY NASTY 19 to my girl ! you always know how to make me laugh :) thank you enough for all you do
new EP made me realise how much thankful to have music in my life, always with me their music
Happy Day
Happy Anniversary & blessings on your journey
I paid the price of solitude but at least I'm out of debt.-Bob Dylan
"We are not 'rioting'".
No, we are LEAVING instead!
As for these "immigrants" you
Follow me please ily
pack by
can please please follow me?
is Back
Those were the days. Gotta share this with Justice for Julius. Ima see if he can slay it lol. sure he can.
red velvet cake & ciroc
hey babyyy
Watermelon
Valentine
This year you're mine _iRaYaN_!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
See you later
I love the dark grey one for the hubby
happy birthday goofy love and miss you
Allah
May Allah protect You and keep You longggg with us ,healthy and happy
happy bday mark i love you so much have a great day you deserve it
C.Griffin you are too kind but A limited mind has a limited life and most
Cheap and nasty time travel!
been my favorite couple
11:11
-Hug one day
-Hug Dan and Phil one day
-Dan notice
-Phil notice
Hardcount do Luck
John can you please follow my insta
Am love turst me u are so curt
wait to have as my bridesmaid in my wedding one day
It's 11:11, make a wish.
never more happy than when I am watching this film.
What are made of.
Woody approves of
his fave.
Parfait
IM SO PROUD OF YOU! YOU ARE AMAZING! I LOVE YOU!
Meus amores
Truth.
and you will
I had the pleasure of grandfathers my maternal grandfather is 93 still going strong my paternal
Hey there pogi
absolutely amazing piece by
I'm thinking the last stage might be a bit extreme but I'm hold it in reserve just in case
one of mine
Ayer fue un dia bien, muy iuen
Meet Vader, Sparta , and Obi!
Black kitty is Vader
Yellow kitty is Sparta
Orange kitty is Obi
Lmaoooooo too cuuute! I need my own child!
Sending love your way
When shorty talking her shit in spanish my heart
Damn, my sister has gone from weighting 248lb a year ago to 208lb now..so proud of her
Eu vou te proteger
They must know!! I love your happiness posts bathong
uMuhle Inside And Out. Glad I Could
Mans really loves his big
I the NBA
Chilling on the sofa watching f1,come on
Romantic comedies!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY HANBIN! ILOVEYOU
Praying you recover soon.
Escuchando I'm On Fire por Bruce Springsteen (a de
Ayeeee Faizuu this is So Soothing amd Beautiful...
I freaking loved it...
thank you for this prayer
he is so handsome
I'm like to start my day with a bath, burning lavender essential oil and yoga. Why don't you join me some time?
Yes!
Yes, these surrounding verses give the whole picture!
happy birthday appa, i love you!
I am happiest when I am with her
Goodnight
Awesome
Hell no we be, but can we see baby girl
My days are cold w out youuu
Warrior. You are the best of us, Rachael.
A year ago today I met Jake Seyller and damn, I know where be without him
Your AdiYa VMs have my entire heart you have my heart bacha
No one inspires me more than her ugh
rt pls
ily most
My favourite blog post day
So thankful for my friends rn
Part 2
Taehyung for life
Eu amo esse lugar
AW CUTIE
Valentine
This year you're mine IronManDepre!
And you, whom will be yours?
Ag everywhere I go!!
Remember that you mean a lot to me no matter happen in the past
From IG
Ayman Is a Champion
Y'all can still enter!
Drawn in an hour!
Ameen if he's the best man out there nothing would stop me from marrying him
is the ultimate and the highest goal to which man can
- Viktor Frankl
Part 3
Stay up
Thank you so much !!!
May you be Blessed with exactly what you need this week!
I am so excited!!!!! I wait for so proud of my queen
je ne sais pas ce qui se passe dans mon coeur, all i know is that it really take a break de t'aimer
Memories in the making
I SCREAM ISIFKEKFKDK I LOVE WHEN YOU SHOW YOUR DRAWING PROCESS
follow me then
Sarada
me
dont worry love you anyway baby
Waiting on a download to finish and then be live everyone!
Valentine
This year you're mine lmih_!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Thanks xxx
Welcome ... You're the most commonly loved on tag .. all camps love
Hey there pogi
I feel like these two photos should be posted again for good measure.
Yesss well at least for me but you can use it since you're her other auntie
Thank you so much for your kind words Glad you like it.
And yeah, I am fine...I just look
Jesus is always paying attention to you Allison! Get to know him; his love is all that matters.
They make us pay for poor connections.
Well done Nintendo.
In love
YAAASSS to ending the cycle You go girl! That is actually what I am trying to do with my little cousins.
For my birthday in July I would love to meet you! an amazing president, and I will
The Child That Survived
Listening to Kate DiCamillo read from Wow. WOW!!
getting my black labby today and i started crying at the pumpkin patch when i found out!!!! finally
He is such a sweetheart he looks genuinely happy doing this
Finally
Jessy has my heart
Te
Good night to these nine handsome men
Tema: [The Bridge solo]
De:
Para:
&
You smashed it
go in a bit! About to eat breakfast
my President, the most transparent President in my lifetime. Loves the USA. Loves People.
YAAAAAAAS, LET'S DO IT, AT LEAST WE KNOW EACH OTHER AND UNDERSTAND EACH OTHER
4 of my favorite birthdays these next 2 weeks. Mama, then Portia, then Auntie, then Papa
Tasha, Welcome to the party of Lincoln! So glad you walked away.
Wooow a disfrutar con todo!!
Lewis debe ganar hoy
I met these girls in urban decay and they were so sweet to me they gave me a discount and followed me on ig
Mano, 100sacional a festa com vcs
De agorinha
Ugh I missed follow spree maybe one day!!! love you Louis x
Congrats you helped my sniping game so much and inspired my love for Call of Duty again it's been an
Bana Esmeyi Anlat
Follow Me Pleasee
thank you crackhead
We our little fans!
mon tit coeur
I Pray Everyday For A Stronger Support System
this song
i truly hope u succeed romy, your writing is magical and i cant wait to support u so so much
I Know you killed it
Out here straight in my thank you
such an amazing journey we hve witnessed it together..So proud of u baby Keep shining &
con
No. Never
I'm so proud of he is so talented and he deserves the world
Wise words by Keanu!
Beth, you might feel as if you're nuisance, but I bet it's not so...
Love yourself first, my mom's words
Someone that understands my pain
bonita eres!! Disfruta mucho
You got that right
Thanks!
my baby been catering to me all weekend im so grateful for him
Sabah, my dear, i'm wishing you all the best for your birthday i hope you had a lovely day with your family! Hugs & kisses
Thank you for coming into my life and changing it!
HBD PARINEETI CHOPRA
Freedom! You could always just source a whole new engine for it lol or rebuild it
Tysmm for this! Love so much!
Hey guys My account is gonna suck, but I like keeping in contact
A pleasure to have you part of it.
Ah man. My youth
8.0 and 20 inches
Ly bro
God blessed me with friends that turned into family God is so good
I love you Lucy you are trop belle
Aw thank you so much, that is awesome to hear. Have a good weekend
the sweetest and most respectful person there is
L O E
Dove sei
ES HOY, ES HOOOOOOY.
AL MIL BAILA, BRINCA Y
Capt Good Boi
make everything better
He just needs some dancers on his boat, then he has a
Sand can get everywhere
My girl home.
Meu canal
Chill or what
heartfelt.
This kitty had a rough start but thanks to an now its a heartwarming story
I love this!! Your vajina really is beautiful
Especial Netflix
Orange is the New Black
GLOW
Today is a beautiful day so chin up and put on that big smile
Life is amazing as long as you in it
Sending so much love for him
My all time 2nd fav
Adv happy birthday darling
I love my babies
Aw, Dean, Sammy, and Jack!
JJP FANART???????
thank u pretty girl!!
Thanks, twin!!! I miss you
VA:
FL:
SD:
RI:
Unfortunately, even though Satoki's a cute girl she's the kind of
wow ily
Only 8 more days till I get to come see you and soo damn excited!
WTF!!! This is beyond disgusting. so sorry Hailey. Sending loads of love to you
I'd play with babies and/or kids for days on end. They are so pure
Had a lovely Sunday reconnecting with sending lots of love to for bringing us all back together.
Morning
thanks honey
I hope you are ok now narelle hope you have a fast recovery
NEW VIDEO
" DRAG QUEEN DOES ASMR "
Subscribe now
Next year. Let's plan it. F1 family
May Allah SWT live her long. Keep loving her!
a16z Podcast: Eyeballs on the Game on
Peace brother
Heaven is a place on earth with you
I swear my mom the best!
Cam finally learning my angles photo credits
RETWEET & FOLLOW
ID :
Area : JAKARTA
EXPO : -
BBW Lovers
More info cek bio!
WA :
Eres la Yuya del halloween
House of Memories- Panic! At The Disco.
escuchar ese tema con su voz
Who found out that Nothing could capture a heart like a melody can
In Carol We Trust
I've got a really bad headache today. Please help me with some pics or memes of our sunshines. Thank you
I hope someday Dylan will see my drawings
and shoutout to for my new favourite bag
This view isn't this amazing! Clouds, mountain, nature at it's best
So peaceful.
I was there in that exact same spot outside the Louvre yesterday!!
I want nothing else but to have my girl happy cause she deserves the world on god
RETWEET & FOLLOW
ID :
ID :
Area : JAKARTA
EXPO : -
BBW Lovers
More
but tell me, did you fall from a shooting star?
I love this scene It's so beautiful and heartbreaking
Thank you
Damn straight!!!! Preach it!!!
the gif, you, I LOVE YOU
I love them so freakkng much
Valentine
This year you're mine insousil!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
I saw the love of my life yesterday !!. Thank you prima
Thanks for the recommendation and no, Sonya been dead on accurate always
Bu dedin beni alevlere
do
thank you for comforting me, i love you.
My current hometown, Madison ;)
but from the QCs
RETWEET & FOLLOW
Ready VCS
ID :
Area : JAKBAR
EXPO : -
BUSUI LOVERS
More info cek bio!
All the money is made btw the liens.
I gotchu sis
Eu tbmmm
THIS VIEW
Pow valeu
hi reply to be in my list
Patterson
Sorry to hear this Nig I know pull through!!!!
thank you!!
24. Wow. Thank you.
Dorkiest pic ever but thanks anyways for capturing it
I want to go to Mexico to go to the Cristo so bad, it's so beautiful the churches are breathtaking
Borja Iglesias brace. Happy for my boy.
Yeah totally a naughty kid
You must watch initial episodes
Come on 26th waiting I wait to see him
trenten gone with his daddy & brothers
That didn't sound good OOPS , I love you either way
the little things on why we love you.
Ah Sola, thank you dear. Means alot coming from you
7lbs 9oz and 21 inches
Happiest birthday to my love i hope happy and i wish u all the best. Nakalimutan ko magkalapit lang pala birthday natin hehe
come back boo. go get coffee tomorrow. i love you bunches and bunches. always here for you.
Maybe one day
Hourly Jonathan
Awwwwww !!! No problem friend !! by the way my name is Puja dear !! I just like 'Jessica' name
Yo totalmente
Thank u baby
I'm proud of you!!
about me:
-call me sasa
-i'm 17
-bisexual
-sub
-i write fics, currently working on one
-i'd say I'm soft but I'm not
Yes, my baby. I am so proud of you.
Goodnight to all og you! I love you so much
Hey gorgeous
Give all my worries and cares to God !!! the source of my life
Lichtjes
We MBS and King Salman
I love this but I really hope you're okay, love you
Find Bo
Thank you Jesus For Caring Friends
Follow RT MG+10
Sunday afternoon naps are always very important
Valentine
This year you're mine lmih_!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Only you quench
My thirst within
Boa tarde de muita paz rs
STORM FAM
No slaw double fries
When we meet
I never thought I'd fall in love
I never thought that I would find
Lying in her arms
I liked a video Modern Talking Brother Louie
So proud of you
GAVE U SOMETHING 2 CHEER BOUT!! U
My little brother so sweet he talking about pick you up so you have to walk through the mud my heart
Breeditraw, NextDoorEbony and TimTales would love this content
Dm me
Had an amazing time last night
yasss!good luck babe
Same here
Thanks so much for including me!
I'm here for Pablo
grateful for everything that I have :) Good night and Sweet dreams, everyone
Nothing can beat
dej out here kissing boo boo :((
Louis looks so good in red !
Impossible to hv a female masculist ... men love women more ... ngl
agree more
UNITED STATES GRAND PRIX 2018 - RACE Support for & Good luck my boys!!!
Olha o Brabo Te Amo Pai
A year ago today I met for the first time and we saw Harry and Niall together
Be happy for this moment this moment is your life
Happy birthday mum
Ryan and Yaz
AMIGA AJUDA A GENTE PRIIS
Yes I will
amo sus locuras!
Ily2
KSKSKSKSKS ilyyyyy
this young lady!!! Keep up the good work, and follow those dreams!!!!
Looking forward to see some pictures na ka
bad lil vibe, she been on my mind
Happy birthday to my brother ! Enjoy your day
Looking good
Emma + Adventure time + Burger king
Arigato
thank you! It makes me so happy too
I the f**king energy brings to the field. Whether the preseason or the Super Bowl in it to win it!!!! Go
Goodluck
Looking for new friends. I follow back xx
Absolutely love the soundtrack to
Red silk on beautiful hips
Aw thank you so much
I knew I loved Dakota from the moment we spoke but fell in love with him over time
Eeeeee wait babes
eu amo tu khristal
Especial Netflix
Altered Carbon
Happy!
ilym
Always here bro ly
he is so handsome
My bestfriend, soul mate kitty, rescued last December.
I literally broke mine out yesterday
Love this tom
Handcrafted custom order wedding bands in gold Contact Pia at
I got so much love for you in these arms lol text me if you need me
A tall handsome man
In a dusty black coat with
A RED RIGHT HAND
Happy birthday babe
danny was in LA yesterday & he just told me hes coming back tonight to go out to celebrate w me
Chaeyeon is cute
Right??? Sakuchan
GAMEDAY!!!!
keep it going boys
FREEDOM !!!!!
like you,good lucky
Gros sur charlotte
Teaching Special Needs Kiddos how to play soccer
Thanks love
Let's convert into
Glance of the beauties of
if ur still in g town we can get food sometime and u can rant and blow off steam if u want someone to talk to.
" After The Storm no
AAA CHEGOU A 40 LEITURAS
We will always be here for the both of you. A family that stays together lives long forever
I "Big fan...of Montgomery".
Minha Guerreira
When your eyes met mine,my soul pointed at you and whispered in to my
Mon loup
for a tbh
is my fave
My determination which is like no one / most words taken from rap in Climax
HAPPIEST
Already in love with your new sounds
Mwaah! Forever love
sugarplum
Cheers to all you kind, compassionate animal lovers
.
CR we_are_all_earthlings_
.
.
STOP IT IM RLLY ABOUT TO CRY my heart really take it
Oh Fork! season 1 finale plot
Ahorramos en
cheer brother! much love
so proud of you babe
thanks for following back
clean up the vomit
As requested ladies. Christmas opening hours Some of these date's are filling up so please Ph us on 053 91
LMFAOOOO more like it
Happy birthday to the beautiful have an incredible day, we love youuuuu!!!!!!!!! keep being you
Our general Leia & our beautiful princess RIP Carrie Fisher
Thank you Harriet
Only cooked cause Thobeka is here
Thank u so much lovely
Homecoming did me well this week Thank you SU
You NEED to graduate. too smart. You go girl
send to Noodles lot of love
Enjoy your break! You deserve it!
On some real shit my brother Kuymell one of the realist young niggas walking, them straight facts!!
Best friends regardless of football politics Wembley Stadium
- No promises Shawn Mendes
Today we mourn the loss of the Founder President of RASIT, HRH Prince Mohamed El-hashemite. Rest In Peace
sempre
Even I love her so much
thank youuuuuu
I show her Bharat picture
she is really excited
Miss you too!! Welcome
Shopping
= Texas =
I Kinetic art
Thank you I love you
Coco is the best
Lean on
Let's do this!!!
Beautiful New Item Check out our site - link in bio
I love that my youngest dances around the kitchen with me
win, those
EXAC'T - EXO album and Junmyeon
The only Prince in my life. Vegeta-Sama!
*******************************
*
*
*
*
*
Deserve is amazing. Krash & Work 4 Me good too tho
This just might be the coziest outfit in my closet. {& my sweater pencil skirt, tee & oversized cardi are all
This is everything
Shoutout to my mom for always having my back and for always being willing to kick ass if needed. my damn hero
Let's convert into
Glance of the beauties of
Love you Trish! Congratulations on the new Show!!!
TINK
1-1
And thanks so much
Valentine
This year you're mine sad_stay_!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Thank you my Britt!
Con la Milla
Damn you already beautiful as it is
Run a marathon: but like my favorite
Bella is seriously the cutest cat ever !!
SO CUTE ! push through girl got this i love with my whole heart
I love you so much, always here for you
Ryan & Yaz
Tough year but doing amazingly well now
Inolvidable experiencia
Love this
That pussy print tho
And love from the others
Live:
Lobos BUAP - Guadalajara
Bet: +2.5 buts 1.40
si tu suis
Moderately confident that my grand bumper stickers are a sign of end times.
Just like fine wine. She gets better with age & is always strong enough to bash your head in
little speech here is so lovely
Thank you! And I can't believe I forgot I made that!
Happy Sunday!
que lo podremos lograr
I want to do this with my daughter someday
the kind of girl people wrote poems about
so cute Percy! Looks like fun! Have a lovely Sunday!
Christmas Mickey is so adorable
|20.10.18|
Eyyy looks great
Love you big man. Hope you keep doing amazing and get monster move and Motherwell big fee. More so you deserve it
Thank you love!
We can be each others
te amo!!
thank u love
wholesome
Me when it comes to my relationship
Bring back meri Nehhu..sirf wo hi thi Dips ki
Good luck tonight
happy birthday, your perfect & should be every woman's role model
Blessed
Here comes the sun
.
.
Happy birthday Binbin
Nothing brings more joy to my little like planning adventures with people you love!
You already did! Keep it up
this is such great writing, & you are inspirational.
Hoco was successful w my beautiful date
I love you too!
I know the feels man hang in there
The One Tree Hill posts today are making me so happy
AAAAAAAAAAAAAA congratulations
Thickazz
Awwww I love you too i miss you too gotta hang out soon before u leave in January
Amo dms
Happy wethu hope your exam goes well
Give pumpkin to talk about scary farm year 2 with my love Swipe for some throwbacks of last year :)
I LOVE YOU JULIE
who wants to win this??
Most definitely
My papis growing up too fast!
It's all good!
had such an amazing day today meeting all you lovely brides-to-be at the fantastic
I want you to be mine, for sure
i think i found it..
I was completely steadfast, and the moment I met your eyes I was defeated with all love
late seeing this video, but YOU ARE SO PRETTY AND THIS IS ME AF!!
I'm sorry to hear that, you will one day.
Hi, Girls!!! This routine is a personal fave and a great quad-hamstring superset!
For more
Especial Netflix
House of Cards
The Crown
Had a great sermon this morning from . Connect with favored people
My mother birthday falls on Thanksgiving this year
Mine
Dont worry will answer you soon face to face
thank you for the RT
A new bud called Teakal!
We found them exploring in The City of Chi!
My dog does not appreciate it when you wake him from his naps. really gotten lazy in his old age.
Com a duplinha que eu gosto
Thank youuuu
Thank you
Queen
I never thought I would love working in an Emergency Room as much as I do ..
Afternoon tea with my favourite ladies
Thanks Vianey :)
hell yeah i'm so ready
and i have a picture with this cutie buuut happy birthday TO ANOTHER ONE OF MY FAVORITE GOLDIES i loveee
Your future elected official
Who's upset you babe
Oh merci Lindsayyyyy
They're a little salty
Chemical romance with some chemistry.
Epic steaks for an epic start of vacation I meat
NADJA VOLTANDO DA PROXIMA
Thanks, Chris!
Para todas ustedes
Thank you so so much!
Omg wanna see this now where to watch KWK except Hotstar? It's blocked in my country
Finally decided to buy Bo4 for my PS4, the zombies mode made me do it
Congrats hero
Love it? Get it Now! Skull printed fitness workout leggings.
.
My baby is everything ...
Mira en Netflix children of the whales
I just want to give a hug
The girls look beyond STUNNING as ALWAYS.
My 100% Done
Thank u so much 4 liking 2 of my post
U don't know how happy I am
U literally deserves to
Fly High forever
One crazy month with my love
Wonder how long in the concrete jungle for. Safe travels, my love. Hope to see you soon!
Friends
is setting a path for what been dealing needed this reminder
Aww love this pic!
lmfao shout out to my one.
Now just send some to and all my heros (those on twitter) will be friends!
Happy Sunday!
Football Sundayz w/ the Fam
This is such a lovely pic
God so excited now got at least 6 months to get myself ready
Lol thanks
Liso
Wow good to be back home
is meant to be forever and is unstoppable since the beginning.
Thank you my sweet Sam .
HAPPIEST BIRTHDAY MY LOVE No words can express how thankful and grateful i am to be able to listen
Thanks to you, we are number 9 on the ReverbNation Rock charts for Dallas, TX! You guys are the best! We our
I'm so proud of you good luck!
Ma team
I miss you
But you are compatible with a Virgo woman
no yourejust my bottom
This weekend was much needed.
wow i saw an angel !!! you look amazing AMAZING pretty beautiful
ajsjsj gracias amoor
happy birthday chapo miss you bighead have a great day
it was a wonderful surprise
my boys . Love them so much
que guapo
Totalement
He looks so much like you. What a beautiful, happy little guy.
Noch ein paar neue Fotos von Hungary bekommen
Danke an
Me n the backup dancers.... My girls r bad
Thanks to you, we are number 9 on the ReverbNation Rock charts for Dallas, TX! You guys are the best! We our
Indeed. Living it everyday - past, present and future.
i am grateful for the extraordinary family, soulmate and friends that i have
I added a video to a playlist SUPERHERO BABIES LEARN HOW TO SHARE CANDIES Spiderman, Hulk &
Done RT
sad Mickey looking perfect AF. Howww
so sweet thanks my love but I just look at food and gain weight haha a struggle
waiting for you King hope you jump off the stage like 4 years ago
I had a good Sweetest Day. I needed that
Blondes are having way more fun this weekend (40 Photos)
Thank you so much!
My timeline right now is hilarious . I Twitter
Hollyoaks Then and Now 2018 Find it on Yaupr -
Welcome to the Twitterverse!
When you love your job, never work a day in your life! Let us show you some love.
and I fan-girling .
Full video
Don't forget to
Pelo menos ainda funciona
I need more road trip getaways in my life adventure
Mi cartera
so excited!!!! I wait for so proud of my baby Love you
I Alexa Bliss
Wow I wait to sing and dance - she lovely - with my daughter !!!!!!!!! Few more months
A GIANT coldbrew and my favorite sushi. Always the BEST football date.
Suck it
do it with you together
Take care of yourself Shan. We'll always be here
100% will!! spending this holiday with my faves x
Break bones
Not hearts
daredevil is my life
Quails make me happy.
love the shirt gen!!! you get it from?
Thank you so much
Shout out to my friends that understand that I'm in love and are happy for me
Only they saw me at my lowest and
Warm welcome to Our President of India.
Jai Bharat
Jai Hind
I LOVE you sm
All love brother
at the Young opening ceremony in Hague, Netherlands.
(Thanks )
Je
Hey, i miss u
Hosh is home! Thank you for the cute and soft doll and for holding the GO!
Que homem
Best movie
Thanks Jen. The timing to participate in this project was just right.
No problem
Muito obrigada
eu tenho 2 amores
Gorgeous!!! Thank you so much for making this for me!!! ya Sis!!!!
HAHAHA IT!!
Mine
Loved that, fish was almost as long as the little fisherman. He did an amazing job of bringing it home!
With My love en Azuay Province
CURIOSA DE
I missed this, but I am so, so sorry to hear of your loss. Sending you love and support.
Faith wants GOOD things for Toronto !! On Oct 22nd ...
Ye or madhu b cute Hain
Kaaju
MOMMY
glad like that too You cry when you almost lost in soccer to a rugby player
2 years it's taken to learn to play ball! Bloody worn out! Bless her fruitloopy heart.
My fave CR gurls
Real love is the love I have for food
Fun times are flying by! these two!!
Awww even I was a fan but got over it ...just think about her happiness
Momma being my fan always
You make me feel everything is going to be allright with the world as long as you are arround I love you ..
save the quote in my heart
Trying something new
Peralta and Santiago.
They are literally the best!
Brooklyn Nine Nine
Iti, obrigada, anjinho
W/ my husband Michael Archibald Date night next time off
Thanks Love
We wish you nothing but the best
Thank
Made by me on PicsArt and love it
Thanks big sis love u!
Mom these are the boys I love
thank youuuu ily
Got class at 8 so gotta sleep now,goodnight to hanbin and his birthday cake only hahhahaha
Only in case if you punish our corrupt mafia. Love imran
Night all, a beaut of a night
Hang in there
We love you
wait for this day
The fam all got your back Erick! Looking forward to those vids too! Take care, and
VA:
FL:
SD:
RI:
Seiko's feelings for Orochi are pretty uncomplicated. Seiko thinks
hmm, thanks for the ops
Octo Husbando.
Im so so proud of you! an amazing inspiration, love you
Voce merece
Ti amo
FOLLOW HER IF AN IKONIC AND EXO-L
Hahaha krlo as a friend
Tm b esy rhna ab
L hurts. Vrabel, head coach growing pains. had momentum w/ the drive. W or L agree w/
How I feel on any
-Love Yoghurt
Like and Follow for more content
8 pounds 9 oz 22 inches long
All aboard the Marrakech Express! Moroccan carpet picnics call for some delicious dress-up.
Thank you so much marie
Episode 323/324 Honestly I love the return of Ussop my heart still hurts after so long man
so in love w my boyfriend
Sign the contract Dave, he be here forever
Hala Madrid!
Friendly Reminder: The Fellowship will be meeting at New & Living Way Ministries from 10-12:30!
incredibly proud to call you my idol
I love thiss
Winter is coming!!!
Canon kiss7i
the small things that make the big things happen
I love you never a dull moment with you two
I love you all you need to think of
So proud of you love you so much xx
Happy Birthday Hot Kallus wishes you a hot birthday!
this is a con, do not trust
Mimi
Mi Mamu y Diego, lindos ambos
Happy birthday to my hopeless fountain kingdom sister, the most ICONIC sis to exist
Isobelle is such a blessing
My prayers and thoughts go to you and your family
i love you, and im so so proud
Bon's collection of Sakurai Sho // a thread
naa fr lmaoo we be crying and everything
Remind me of So much pretty bae
'Chupke Chupke' from Chupke Chupke
I just helped the kindest, sweetest old lady at work and she gave me a hug after I was done helping her... my whole day is made
"Abunai. { BTS }" de en
Genio
This is heartwarming
hi
My love... You can do this!
Minha princesa
Feliz hermosa
2 anos e 3 meses
It is sometime
Added them in the Excel Sheet
Thank you back at ya
Thanks Doc
Congrats on no1 so happy for you girlies! So proud
Just so beautiful Sophie darling.
WARNING! Graphic scenes of pit bull terrier NOT mauling a kitten
i'm gonna guess it went like this
keith:
shiro:
everyone else:
was so nice to catch up with after so long , see you in a few weeks
Um... yes? Alwayssss
Congratulations !! It was such a sweet gesture to acknowledge fans and let all know the date
NEWARK, NEW JERSEY ... So beautiful miss my home
Preciate that fam
And now...you have had the Burger King. happy for you and your long fries
Thanks so much ciaran
Follow all those use in their Tweets
ME lol
THE ALLEY THE KIDS! We do this every year! Mark your calendars! Our annual KID SAFE HALLOWEEN PARTY returns
this
Addicted to by
We could be these,
My heart is so full I was under the sun with its son today . I love you
Alya and scene was pure perfection. And then Adrien protecting Marinette my heart is full
.
Shoedazzle Boots Sz. 7 only $16
157-1928
. .
Gotta have it? We do phone orders! Call:
A great story
Let's be honest folks. My Maxy is a handsome boy
My Hero
"Don't be afraid...I'm with you."
7 months of with
Good night Lala:)Take care of your self
Sweet dreams! Stay Blessed
ALLAH HAFIZ..!!
Especial Netflix
Master of None
Devilman Crybaby
I love and miss you
Oh yeah! LOVE that film!! Have for years
even on my darkest days still makes me smile
i love you today just as much as i did in the beginning
My boyfriend is my best friend
halo qisy
Yasmine I appreciate it
O casal mais lindo que voce vai ver hoje
Valentine
This year you're mine lmih_!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
either way she alwsys looks like an Angel
Omg, I wait to see you live again
do atch the video
Spending every night under covers and still I wonder could you fall for a woman like me THIS SONG IS
tysm ness love you
GAIN!GAIN!GAIN!
LIKE and RETWEET this
FOLLOW all that LIKE &
FOLLOW back all that
Sending you so much love
Straight family
I help falling for you
Thankss pretty girl
My First & Last Homecoming
love you
Boa tarde
i love him so much. seeing him content and happy and just doing things he loves makes me incredibly pleased
--
our favorite IG account and Follow them
Thank u jovet
i need to come and see you again
How's it being back on stage Tony?! Can't wait to see you!
My son is the apple of my eye, such a funny boy
Time with the folks and Jaydan (@ California Pizza Kitchen - in Skokie, IL)
Praying for your grandpa and your family
I love you my beautiful vegan friends,keep planting those seeds !
1 = 3 answers
I love you so much bestie, always here for you
Watched out
Wow.. Movie which needs to be celebrated by all audience..
Perfect Thriller.. Edge
Kissing is my favorite form of intimacy
This scene
Thank you for this. Excellent choice been on my TBR list for a while and I your
I am so sorry for your loss. Prayers for your stepdad, you and your family
Huuum
Nothing beats coming home to the farm.
Pega esse bonde ai kkk, minhas meninas
Congrats sis! So happy for you! This is
play Shallow by and
Hit Man
Muito bomm ficar com
Now that's
So good last night.
of course. Suffer. snorts. hehe. you really like to poke me, huh. heh. wuv you, bubby.
Not weird at all. It's a wonderful idea!
20/10/2018
Its cool, im just giving you shit
We a random collection of pictures
Paris is my love
Ma Vie
Thank you so much, I appreciate it
not good enough but God still loves me
ZAKA
Love this
Omg a proyection!! How I miss this in my country, hope you all have a wonderful love time
How sweet!
Missing
Todoroki
Saw last night for date night. LOVED IT! Great story! Lots of detilail.
Valentine
This year you're mine lmih_!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Praying for everyone!
Nothing feels better than this
No tanto como
Literally
PAR FEEEEN
Sunday Football with $2.50 DosXX ALL DAY why not???? Make it red for a $1 more! Plus amazing
Nana Thank You So Much. It was an Honor and Privilege to meet you and to get a picture taken
Hope your now ok
I love you
its because i listen to kpop
Love is a lighthouse, it guides you home
Damn i am high af i read it as Hussain then i realized its Haseen. :p
But poetry.
This
Pipe te quiero mucho
Doing some work at home right now so while logged on if any of you need any kind of quote hit me up
Aww I love the
Hehe i love you gf
just thinking how blessed i am to have the people that i do in my life, happy sunday
Love yourself mi amor see ya
requesting a music studio app guys, everything else is amazing
Please stop gun shootings and hate crimes violence against innocents!
Everyone deserves justice and heart
Hot milf
..
...
....
O casal mais lindo que voce vai ver hoje
Congrats! Fully deserved.
I love I just started hysterically crying and she almost started crying with me. What a sweet bitch
Reppin here in the States!love to the and back
Hannibal is not an animal locked in a cage!
Thank you! Love the points!
Thank you so so much beaut
Congrats on your win!
But where is the MV?
Z L E N D N B E B E M
Alors.... VENOM UNE TUERIE
Morehouse & Spelman hc this weekend me and my girls are going up
Pray for the ones you love the most I know I do I know for a fact god answers prayers
thank u sm ...
Wanna travel the world w/ my mom
I wish him to smile always and be real happy.
It must really suck to watch your ex THRIVE on her own after being abused and cheated on for years. Karma is real my friends
Loving amazing episode so far!
This is such an beautiful tribute of love.
Yes Hun, we all are
Goodnight tummy
go to the gym fat bitch
Lil Meow Meow
Hmmmm well don't hesitate dming me until then! ily
Thank you styl g
Love you too
Welcome aboard buddy sorry we had that big fight earlier
True
We are so proud of you
Sou muito dessa menina
Blessing ya timeline with another selfie while at work, enjoy your Sunday Snapchat; TDubsx
My mom is literally my best friend
no one else wanna save Bikini Bottom with!!! Glassboro, New Jersey
Sumire siempre tan linda
this
Have this toast doggo
Heartbeats I just find myself happy with the simple things. Appreciating the blessings God gave me & most
Family time is so precious
1 ay oldu.
ODDIO URLO CHE MERAVIGLIA AAAAAAAAAA NON VI CONOSCO MA ERAVATE IN HOME E ORA IL MIO CUORICINO SI SCIOGLIE
Halloween gift for AzuraLynx
Hezalloween (spicyheza) October 21, 2018
so perfect
Baby sis
very unruly
all I do is sit and think about
Your welcome man, congrats.
ai gnt foi sensacional eh isto amo essas pessoinhas
Of course I would Anything for you!
My dad surprised my mom with tickets!!
Twne ashouf your acc w u seem such a nice person
My son been looking me in my eyes and giving me kisses today ...talk about a melt heart.
Hot sophie
..
...
....
Nosso Salem (Kishan)
Mi primer amor
Quick drawing
I love these so much HAPPY BIRTHDAY ANNE
Such sad news. On my thoughts and prayers.
my doggies + portrait mode
ain q fofos
thank you
2 notices in one evening? i deserve them.
cool, huh??!?
I loved this report! Nicely written
Political rivals stun voters with unexpected
Chats after supper with my baby and my besties Live and Q
Thank you sooo Lover ... your support is amazing for words, blessed!!! I Love You
Pode ser tbm vai
to be in a groupchat!
it makes my heart soft when i see exol-blink interaction
lmaooo at chats for days
Love this filter
Sc : iamfaix
love you
I love you so much Lethabo
I know that was weird think I'm gonna look into getting myself a decent one when I'm back from
Thinking of you, Harry
I my Q follow backs
Valentine
This year you're mine insousil!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Very beautiful
cold comfort but ilu & that's not something the govt or society can arbitrarily take away
the rain
you guys
Somethings are felt in the Heart
Though hope is frail, hard to kill
My mom bought a cinnamon broom and my whole house has smelled like like a pumpkin pie for a week now
LIVE at playing World of Warcraft and chatting to you gorgeous mothertruckers. Raiding
My Uncle Just Came In Clutch
Like idk if can tell or not but this is definitely the happiest been in 4 years
The end of the week is a time to reflect and Look Back At It (31 photos)
AW
They look amazing together
HBD Kim Hanbin from european fan
Wish u happy and healthy
- with love
great. Thanks for sharing
Un sopar de colors.
Okay thank you so much I definitely will!!
I added a video to a playlist
I'm so happy for you.
Happy Sunday
Hopefully I won't but knowing my body and how it can't deal with most things that will probably be the case!
My boy
Congrats and thank you for all you do
I love dis girl
They say imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, bullsh*t. Take comfort in knowing you did it better and way cuter.
The Best
omg i'm so happy now
you live in my heart
I love Alabama. October 21st. Blue and no socks
The three special ladies in my life.
Thanks Boo
Valentine
This year you're mine jungwoosstan!
And you, whom will be yours?
Love him and his chirps
You all have the gift of making me happy
Love this!
I'm very familiar with tears after makeovers :-( tears of joy obviously! :-) x
Especial Netflix
Sons of Anarchy
Mad Men
Elektra
Valentine
This year you're mine idiota200!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
RT FOR a OG ACCOUNT in your DM
Once again
Plz if u can there is still time to pre-order while we still have a chance
Namanana & DMUMT
Me too
Its comeback guys!!!!!
Finally
Unfettered access... Based on what I've seen of their shenanigans that must have been a blast
such a great boyfriend, dad & worker Yes made mistakes but everyone does.
Delightful - Bashiyra so good -
let us show the power of love for the country yes
Finally! You both are just adorable together! Congratulations! Wishing you & Ranveer all the love!
The signed albums are Noir ones right? Or are others signed also?
We Love you
this
check ur dms please
Que dia
Take care of those who take care of your heart
This is amazing! Great job, Shirleigh!
I wish I can meet IN2IT and get their signed album
Proud of you. For whatever that is! silently rooting for you!
The their friendship is everything
Te Amoo!
for you happy birthday I Live you
And you walk around untouched cause they know do the most
Happy birthday Patrick! Hope life is treating you well dude. Hope you have the best day ever.
End its called "The day ends well" what z day a spa rrhersal video by Mohsin and again d pics by Ali sir
Raising some awareness for CASASHAW today at church and making some pottery too. All good stuff!
30 years ago today walked down the aisle and never looked back.. . I am a very lucky man Happy Anniversary
A SPECIAL Shout Out to Ndapandula, Tiku, Ndapewa, Laila, Elly, and Fortunatus. THANK YOU!!!
thank you legend
Aww thank you brathaa
happy birthday carrie. forever be adored in this heart
Thai Brito Grande cupinxa
spam spam spam
Thankyou to everyone who came out last night
Desired Bridal Glam
Bridal glam is always such a great experience for me. the
Salman Katrina are the most loved couple
Heather that second picture dude
Long time coming my friend, stay killing the game
It's that time of year
Lutefisk Dinner Time!!
Two Nights (Nov 9&10) of family style deliciousness
September 23,2016
I could listen to Rodney Atkins all day and everyday
Feelin myself today
hi trans friends and non binary pals, this account is a safe place and you can dm anytime you're feeling down
you're valid and loved
all good
Happy Birthday, Carrie Fisher
Ah a lovely thing to say Well with your killer styling only a matter of time
That look
I love u more sorry I woke u up I was done for
Funny guy cheers tho brother
Correction, apparently 4 people care. Thanks lads
Dory Previn - Beware of Young Girls.avi
follow you guys later bc I need to sleep rn
Your going to it man!!!!!
Thanks Zoe
Loved it ! Boast away!
Pour vous remercier des 5K
Nada I love you Aib ya but. Not here.
is still a thing!!
See you soon
Proud of you. For whatever that is! silently rooting for you!
Trying to gag you says a lot.. control comes to mind..your well rid hun...keep your chin up and your head high
Thanks Aly I'm really happy with how it turned out and that's saying something vod I'm a perfectionist lol.
I always ask how God created this beauty You are very beautiful, God willing
God bless you
The leader with vision inspiration for everyone
Success , touch
Be Gentle with yourself hope you loves are having a relaxing weekend
Aww love to read them!
Latonee Meet me now
Forza Milan
UPDATE] Payment for ARCHIVE Regular Order by has been made today
Thank you to everyone
):
Gutted I canna go:( have the bestest time
+3 da lary
Junies party
Date night is always my favorite night
Thought it was only fair Twitter got to see ma new girl. Meet Lola
my perfect little boy is already 6 months! boo forever
Slay MG!!! PUYATAN KAHIT MAAGA PASOK BAHALA NA.
Oh Best Bitch Oh Best Bitch
I wouldn't mind having a bowl of her.
It's outrageous to say the least and I am SO sorry!!!
Please take care
3 years back I would have
Only just seen this...AMAZING best programme on the telly cannot WAIT for series 2 x x
BIRTHDAY DUCKY vagabundosworld in October ! YES ! Happy man surrounded with thank you all for the
This is deeper than L I F E Fela Shrine
Get some rest so you can come back better than ever
Love when pretty girls call me pretty!
5 votes for
JIMIN'S "Oh my god! WHAT??" and he slaps the hand away my babybaby
New video alertThe dancers aren't responsible for what you may feel while watching this Thank You, Deimante!
love this!!!!!!!!
God seriously saved me yesterday.
"@Steph_Omari: Bobrisky is the perfect example of rise by lifting Such a kind woman
We use to stay turning up to some FMB Man imma miss you bro
I love you most
Why thank you beautiful
happy birthday love
Yes ma'am
You could never
Loves of my life
I love u Millie!! I hope your transition is a easy and loving one Thank you sm kenny! love you lots!
Our happy lil pumpkin family
I had such a great time at the social last night.
I can't handle this. My heart is melting. This is so damn cuutee
I always wanted Chanyeol to do a cover of Fly Me to the Moon I love the version of Frank Sinatra and also it
a hero
Kings
always saving my life with her music.
Matheus eu te amo cara!!!!!!!!!!!
Love you
Community outreach for 3 days I'm so excited but a lil nervous also.
Jughead
Sunny days at Dorland Happy Sunday Friends Dorland Mountain Arts Colony
my cousin got tickets to see the show!!! she lives in Austin. he's such a gem
Feat. and myself.
is now online
Noo nooo noooooo. Check that mirror bro
Valhalla- it does mean of the so Val
And Michael C. Hall - gotta give some to Dexter
Wooooow sexyyy sexyyy WhatsApp Webcam
My 4th tattoo... In memory of my Mom
I hate being so far but ill see you guys soon
Brother
My first dance at my wedding.
TO MORRENDO DD SDD
When your friends come thru Yarrow Cafe
credits to the genius that is for the original edit
Goodnight pips!!
I love that stage so much! So squishable and cuddly He's adorable!
Mazhar bhai thanx
Thank you so much honey
You will not bother him. He cares a lot
I always was envy of the friendship between Sloth and Chunk
I'm such a big fan of Itazura na Kiss! You're an amazing actor and my favorite actor!
goodnight peja
I enjoyed every single moment with you beautiful
I know late but happy 5 months to my better half. life ready for us
Happy Wedding Anniversary and real_gomisi
Twitter.
Love you more honey
Thanks for keeping me awake
Welcome
Missing you lately and our adventures. Hope doing so good in life all my love, Rie
I James White .. Thank you Sony
follow back just follow first
So excited for me & my honey to get our own place now I can finally decorate
I love canned pears in my sandwiches Walter E. Washington Convention Center
always best anna
Best person for me
thank you enough for
Nova Lake Eola/Thorton park
Football
Guys
I was hammered when I tweeted this
But thanks
Go to that contest, and prove you are a big part of that team. got your back.
Meu amor, tantas
Yessssssss, I ab"soul"utely agree and Nature has a very special connection with Steve! Angel
Draco!
We are family!
Spotted - a poatao and an avocado back in Toronto. Be careful bc if their cuteness
and I would never have known you and thank you monsta x for bringing us together!
Ooof, yes my queen
Wewww , tomorrow exciteddddd
Ummm Derek when you see this stop deleted my tweets thanks
know what I did to earn a love like this
Goodnight
look what i made
I the emotional ups & downs of games lol smh
Happy tears!
Medj hindi ko bet concept ng cb ng EXO pero just so happy na complete sila this comeback
What his momma sent me after i got out of church! My the people that mean the most to him
Mishti all the best for new life new journey wish u loads of love nd success nd don't worry we
L O E
Marido
so sorry Lauren and I am praying for your family Sam is with God and both are
Of corse baby
Top boy
Every time I see a Dogs Trust advert I cry, because they are amazing
not surprised at all. a great hat from a great guy!
I'm living .
thank you
Valentine
This year you're mine diiaoot!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
This guy is number one
Boucity Forever this hard
Look at this fluffy party boy
Merci
Thank you ...love this captured moment...
This is not just fan service, ACTIONS SPEAKS LOUDER THAN
But ya b love feeling wali lines the kiasa likh late ho ya
Congratulations
HBD queen
110% Yes noah We'll support you!!
love baby boy ! Imma always be here for you
This is adorable
Gonna be making someone a revamp in the next hours to post before going to sleep.
Good idea? Who wants it, comment below?!
Hino
Keep head up
blackpink - Lisa pack + 2 hearer
fav if you like it
rt if you save it
are beautiful man
rokajmo!
What Will I Do Without My Boyfriend I Just Love Everything About That Man Literally!!!!
Follow follow
When you focus on yourself and not let the noise fuck up your perspective, good things happen. telling you. Love yourself
With Love to
You threw killed it hope to see much more
Ready
Thank you ! I appreciate it so much
gonna do it and gonna be beside you every step of the way, no matter how much you ignore me
Ay me enamore!!
I do so much better when I ignore certain things
Reina
Watching the Patriotstake on the Chicago Bears
Especial Netflix
The Punisher
Luke Cage
...bringing it back to life
But overall, the NRA still the GOP: 93% of Republicans received grades of A- or above, versus just 1.2% of
Awww
scheduled all my appointments already for nov 17
We loves you too
stealing that meme and thank you my love!!!
ily2
I would like everyone to know that this girl down here is my beautiful wifeand she means the world to me
Fun party Kenny and Mary
Josh has ma heart WOW
Wish I so shy and spoke more to on Friday so thankful for your songs helped me through a lot
Thanks sis love you
Que te lo pases super bien!!
When people tell me it warms my heart. Those little things show they care.
Princess Leia
Muito bom
That's understandable
how are you today? hope okay, you mean so much to me and I love you...
better than spilling tea with your girls? Nothing...
Nice succulents Look cute, hard to kill. Maybe you need some aloe vera and arnica if you are a peach?
That's a weird way to spell love
Impossible de pas headBang sur sa Stabbing In The Dark de Ice Nine Kills
Merci beaucoup
We all love you
happy birthday
What a legend Roy is! Served me a fair few times how cute is this lol! go onnnnnnn Roy!
via Instagram stories.#MPN
Happy and hungover
It was so wonderful to see you Maryon. We know the ladies gained so much from your joining us. Thank you
Wilhelm Reich via
Gammies and Pap Joe's Babies!
Beautiful day in a beautiful city
Thanks sis!
Let your heart sing
Shoutout to everyone that came out for the Premiere! & post
This one.
.
.
.
My girlfriend and I could really use some help
His smile is so precious
mi gyu gyu
- When you are ready, have a copy for you
thank you!! love u friend
Good Night
THE WAY HUGH LOOKS AT MADS
Find a man that looks at you naked like your a fresh Krispy Kreme doughnut and tells beautiful while
New video up-plowing a thick ass
to see all my sex tapes
Just watched on and such a beautiful revelation of authentic self
YAY! THANK YOU!
Happy four months
Hope it goes well Karen. Take care. good thank you. xx
u just blessed my tl wow ily
My brother is really the movie plug arg
Just having nice bath
Then i be up loading new content guys
I can't thank you enough
181021 | Instagram Hikayesi
Coffee
Thank you I love it too.
cooked for my baby for the first time
(if I'm single soon, I'll know why )
oof thank you hun, and nooo, I could never
Great day to appreciate life
Cuuuuteeeee sure Allura had the time of her life doing hair xD poor
Relating to this right now - to you, get through this wave!
Congratulations on on winning tonight. You girls deserve it
Happy Birthday, General Princess
I am so proud of you you even imagine
so right
I just read your article and so good!! so proud of you
Watching some of season 3 and eating breakfast before I get ready for rehearsal
Love yah Kimmy! See you when i see you
Polite Sara
You beauty
hi, what's up? Hope you are doing great
it would mean the world to me if you saw my little mix tattoo girls
Everyone gets excited about receiving a new outfit.
Start that conversation and say far more
Did 9 months off and people act like you have any other identity beside work. It was actually what I needed.
Flight Kids
.
On ...we
.
We the from 1 of our favorite clients...
.
Complete
getting a lot of love today. a bit jealous.
Glad you did, you are such an amazing woman
Big facts
Hey & this seems useful
I wanna be that kind of womand that is written in Proverbs 31:26 (not really sure about the
I hope he feels better now and thank you Jensen
Valentine
This year you're mine ii__grm!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
no need you look great & u welcome
Senior speeches for their 1st last mainstage show. A great conclusion to our successful run of Peter/Wendy
Its cute little home...bedroom is amazing you would not want to see my first house
My heart is now complete
When your heart speaks, LISTEN
Happy birthday beautiful! have a great day lil mama
But overall, the NRA still the GOP: 93% of Republicans received grades of A- or above, versus just 1.2% of
Hah enfin du foot fetish
You know i miss you
Happy bday make it a good one
non piangere honeyyyyy
Wouldn't be cool to have one of this at home ? Easy plastic panels and digital printing
Having a nice edible w a hot ass cup of coffee perf.
Happy people celebrating life and love Key West, Florida
Latina
Follow me on IG: JaydenJackson.21
Te acho mt lindo Obg kk
Sure Babe, I'm waiting xD
I have very few friends but the few I have check for me. I say much but if you know, you know. I appreciate you guys so much
Oh hehe. thanks homie
Did you get hold of her again? Is she atleast fine now? And bless your heart
Wow ily
Happy Birthday
Here is a drawing featuring her OCs : Elliot, Lizot and Elinor
Would love to win this for my wife
we all can relate tb3n
Retweet and donate to all the folks in this thread that you can.
I Noodles Happy Trot
Johyun 94th
No sabes lo mucho que te amo
I love you
As soon as I come visit the east coast. serious too. We can really go on a real date
Everyone I see is up going on dates and stuff here I am in college away from my I miss him so much
ifb but follow me
Khalid - Better (Audio) via
Something about this song, ugh
I love you too
You welcome
Keep well
Beautiful evidence supporting the value of culture and education
Babysitting Elsa she and Monster are so cute
I heard you are leaving Days and not coming back. I will miss you. Wishing you the best!
A great way to end the week with a wedding booking for 2019! Very much looking forward to photographing a
Hate is the new love
"And if my heart was a canvas, every square inch of it would be painted over with you." Seriously, there are no words.
trying to go to Disney land again ugh magical kingdom is my favorite and animal kingdom
you guys got the best content
Las chicas durante en los
jollibee in london
I'm the happiest girl rn.
Aww thank you so much.
I need you to do your that thing today
La tortilla
The Plushie Family :D
Te amoooo
WATCH: Keith Urban serenades young fan who is severely ill at the hospital
Truth is we dont :( id say yes to that dinner anytime tho
If this gets 35+ likes Ill post brite bomber one
Always my favorite reason to lose sleep
Afinal macho !!
Kloot
God bless us all as we all pray for the turning tide. This was so inspiring and gives me hope.
I may have fallen in love!
Feel like shit bc I have a fever but be okay later when your vid comes out
Because i always feel comfort when im with you
Favor is such an amazing thing
WANA JAMAIS NSSAHA B9AT FEL SSSF .
Are you a Blink too? Btw, Go Adela! Go philippines!
Red She-Hulk
Deserved
Like a la de Pizza Oficial amigos x fa en face book.
Sunday FunDay
Rugge y Benja jugando, I love this concept
Thank you for your support my friend
Thank you tho you help us all getting one.. you will get one too
Ily bby
Well at least we both got the joke. Love you
Tag a friend who would to stay at Villa 44!
15 years
FORZA LOTTA VINCERAI NON TI LASCEREMO MAI
Miss you so much it hurts
Sari na love panla...he is my bestie
Ipo sollu ne yaarnu !
good luck baby, sending all my love for you
Stay strong glock God got you and everything
I love you
Going through and putting away all this stuff we got and my heart is so full
New
Oooh baby! Give me some of that tongue baby! I love you so much babe!
Whispers of the Orient. Charity Couture & Ellis Gala Dinner. In aid of the Igazi Foundation . .
I'm gonna watch this show just for
So I finally 7* the best girl
this GiftCard Giveaway
Five out of six very different brothers reunited...
The Thorne
Thank you for coming and for our lovely gifts
Good Night Shah
Hope your day went well...
Sending you all my love and wishing you more and more
Maroleng is the best Askies
Been registered for three years and already voted!!
Misafirim var, olunca gelicem discord'a
My bestie gave me the best birthday gift. I love you
Tailgating was littt , shoutsout the home team! |
Shoutout to Quin for really doing the most for me this year and really making my birthday special. ily
naraid66
ogxtqfyd1cax
I love lol bring those to
Thank you
Hart to hart talks
Church was good thank you Jesus
Direct Mamelle ak Wakeur Serigne Djily
Thank you to everyone who has retweeted, you are all amazing an ! beautiful!
Thank you so much!
a fan of zac efron new look on him (I found this on instagram)
So its not only four classrooms its many And I dont even know their full names But they are good
Awww comment to my mama I miss high school and all the Polys so much. So much love man so much
Vino Octavio
es.
-
East Atlanta love letter had me in some typa zone today.
I know someone that can fix this , if we can't. I know Him well.
I mean I agree but Jan is better than both combined
Thank you so much for being cruelty free and vegan . God Bless.
I love this! Are you still in touch with all your cousins?!
love you to read it
Te amo
Vou imitar mesmo haushsus
Dia 1- Back to Black Amy Winehouse
thank you saif amik kak acha balik tejeeee
Imagine what our world would be like if we helped each other like these elephants help each other
All watch it the night bro it banging aye how you son miss u man
Very nice
Social media ethics for
Just fed the homeless
Congratulations i love to be there with you and Film your i presume amazing speech
Eu e o John ontem na olivale
And.... Its happiness Nagpur
You have been highly appreciated in my next list keep supporting each other
Bless you both. Will keep y'all in prayer. I hope all is smooth and peaceful.
Quarteto fodastico
My absolute rock
yes girl, only you
cutie u were amazing
You look so beautiful. I love you
Thank you kindly
Tapper is a hero
They proved they are best..Take a bow for
Congratulations
Dr Thomas Chauke once gave us
Taken on the seat of a NYC taxi cab. Will post a final pic once it arrives from NY and I glaze it
RY
Thank you!
Happiness
Realizations
All in first
Labyou
Thank you, love you
I love you Paige and thankful for you
Love you He is in a better place now. Love and prayers to you and your family
Love this girl.
Me currently.
Anthony Hernandez
Bring me to life
thank you!! too excited.
thank you
Ended a little early - seemed my mic decided to die on me.
I'll try and get it fixed for tomorrow!
Have a great night
Thanks to my jitt he got everything that I wanted !
You all know how happy she makes me
Mi mama
I see good in all of your bad b.
think ever come down from this high. So honoured to work with this incredible group of people The
BIRTHDAY tonight at 11pm uk time!!!! Come party with meeeeeee
Very excited to be blown away by this evenin, love cosy venues
CHALLENGE
BET 3:
TIP Inter Milan Match Over 0.5FH Goals
Hit If backing
VA:
FL:
SD:
RI:
Ram is just... kind of there. He's not an enormous wuss so she doesn't
Of corse
Had the bestest birthday weekend made by the best people ever, big shoutout to my people
my fav. thankyou for entertaining me
Hi jack
our pleasure
You need to have someone make you happy be grateful and blessed you here another day
Especial Netflix
Santa Clarita Diet
The End of the F***ing World
We love you Joonie, and thank you BTS for your amazing energy until the last day...
20/10/2018 Best night of my life
I and this artist ! thank you John
cute too i love you too
will get you day drunk on god!!
I love ur conversation's with hafsa (brozen flame) i guess that's her u both are shoooo cute haha
Joey, Lincoln & Daniel Jamming out on Nanny piano.
you are so sweet collab please
hi angel face I love youuuuuuuu
Jake seen out with a cancer patient last wish was to meet him, how sweet
thank you Lord for the gift of life
So true! Going through a Fazza phase. Think this one is going to last awhile!
I love you so much Maitha. Your words mean so much to me, thank you 7ubi Thank YOU for
My daughter has gone into labour - any time now be a glammy!!
what I call love
I'm so sorry. That's just awful. Sending hugs and positive vibes.
Goodnight Love
thank you love
You look great either way!
Hey everyone go follow
He is Legit!
(His main is
Retweets are appreciated
Thanks love!
Concerts really make my heart swell
I feel at home and never want to leave
He is exactly that!
Mami Cuky y yo
Feliz a todas las mamis
My best friend
Thank you Jutta
Good night and sweet dreams my friend
Tomorrow
i just wanna hold you all night long
Te amo
I love doing hair
this radio show kept me afloat for a long time
Church service was amazing this service.
Well what about this?? has made his name in more ways than one... Or 2 & 26 !
TR
Lash extensions not for you but youre tired of mascara everyday? Try a lash tint ! Tinting the lashes is the
All the very best. Give your best.
Sobre ontem
So savage Liam recently
Indeed! There may be times I call my other half that!! It just reminds me Terry!!
So sorry for you loss sure your cat had a great life surrounded by people who loved them
Thank you Martin Luther King
Hey gaymers! follow me on Instagram if u want
Fasho
Me currently
((1/6 Wow is this fantastic or what?! thumbs up girl for doing this.
wow u disgusting Nida abuser :O gj dude
Todo dia ele vem me ver kkkk
Pleathe so cute I love you
louis so soft
"I will miss you"
aw thanks clarissa!! can't wait wait to party in bg with you!!!
Rought sex
I see you
Love from
Love really thoughtful and really great person.... I like reading his tweets and stuff
King of all Trades (Like, Subscribe, Comment)
Scarmed is good, means you want to fail at it! be great, I have no doubt!
new outlet
Loved it!
shine on forever!!
I liked a video AHS - Tate y Violet Regresan Return to Murder House (8X6)
Meu
CONGRATULATIONS!!!
I love my
Drove all the way to get my sister and get her nails done for Homecoming, I sure do love her.
so sorry Lauren and I am praying for your family I had the privilege of
No one can make you happy and you are gonna do great tomorrow I'm sure be happy for yourself Maybe , Thanks
You look stunning! Happy for you sandy!
I miss you too friend !!
nothing top feeling secure & protected
Mama wish my happy birthday until the time I was born 2:28pm so officially in her eyes 20 now
she literally dances the whole night
my love. look at this magnificent woman
We gotta plan something for like next week or the week after tbh
So much for these golfing beauties!
My Auntie mantle has officially been activated today, my niece has been born
It's really a joy to be working with equally passionate people.
Thick creampie & wet pussy
Family.
I love me some
RTTheEllenShow: OfficialJLD
I'll be there for you
This iconic moment
Any girl named Hayley is a true LEGEND! That includes and who are both iconic
dia internacional da mulher maravilha
Muito abrigada
Thank you
You're so sweet
I wouldn't mind having a bowl of her.
Posted this Oct 17 6pm and Oct 21 9pm I really want to win because some of the books that I will
beanie season again and my hearts so happy Pontotoc County, Mississippi
Catch ya later aye big fella, look after my girl Sinda ok
Visual Attractiveness:
Friendship Level:
Sexual
see you in 8days
It's Let's see some awesome selfies of you and your babies
Now that is I wish my little divo would show me this kind of love
Come to spain i need to hug you
Wow what a friend
My skateboarder
Thank you for the support
El big milano
We are thinking about you and your family, Lauren. Heaven gained a beautiful angel.
I lovE photOo graphii
I saw the good in all of your bad b .
Yes that was really cute
It looks great
TheEllenShow: OfficialJLD
Awhhhhh
The highlight of my night was dancing with you
Follow me first ifb
I love them
Why do we There are oh so many reasons! And now Expedia is sharing with the world why our Little Big
Such an important, ground breaking episode, superbly written
Had So Much Fun With My In-laws Yesterday
Oh, Adobe Premiere Pro, your capabilities surprises me everyday
AwwwI wanna touch your hair
I loved seeing you today !
Congratulations to the winners!
I hope you come to Spain cause I really want to meet you
Which one of us is right,
If we always fight.
Why we just let love decide
Am I the weaker man,
Because
CHRIST ALMIGHTY
not to smile about? A wool and alpaca... ...
That's right up there with Shower Dates!
Rosa Parks & Martin Luther King
I CAN FINALLY USE THIS SKIN Good shit I actually farmed that event even tho I
Sluggy
Thank you so much
My dream home
coachtober
HSJSJSJS thank you!
If his make you want 8363883 then I know what
But at least she won the game bc every guy was distracted~
Jeon So-min & B.M
Prep school, Grade 1 we talk much but we still friends!
Follow everyone who likes and retweets this tweet
Can I touch it in ncl plz ily
Come to spain u need to see you
So far you've survived 100% of your worst days. You're doing great.
True love is when YOU KNOW the food won't be enough so YOU give her your share and YOU sleep hungry
So so grateful for you, see you next week
always welcome
Thank you families, friends, donors and sponsors of 22nd Annual Walk for Kids! We are forever grateful.
Yassss
Dump and cook are my favorite
Ahhhh
Gorgeous Man of Substance speaks up
Gracias hermosa
My supreme leader! Thanks for everything
I absolutely love Queen Bey
Thank you
thanks baby i love you
Well I went to watch yesterday!! Wow what a movie. definitely one of the best I have seen in a long time.
First contact
I saw the good in all of your bad
Your story was very moving. so inspiring
So gutted I come you guys need to come to Kent soon
I love you so much !! I miss you already :(
Love my family
Haha thank you Dej so happy I got to see you!
Momento justo
I feel love for you.
my biggest supporter and the biggest lover i know u always make me feel so safe, i love you for being such an amazing ally
HBD PARINEETI CHOPRA
I think I enjoy you
Mercy for Yemen
and RT
But i'm in love with Math
You really know how much you mean to me.
I hope you see this one day
I would to brunch with you all some time
I love watching you grow. so proud to be your mother. I love you, my sweet son.
Oh that's nice
Mixed something
Guernsey Lillies
nations baby boys and loves
Te amo muchisimo
So sorry for your loss . You and your family will be in my thoughts and prayers.
See you on Sunday
miss you so much I was watching the lives on Instagram and I feel so sad rn that I see you love you so much
RT Thank you for the lovely stickers
there's no need to thank me, love
A real American sport!!!!!! Go Chase Elliot!!!
Those who have pure hearts
are the ones who stay
Thank you for making a vegan . We you.
Can I still touch it?
warrior
forget , Contestant 3 is the way to go
still going strong for the 4th year.
.
.
.
15 years Elliott Smith - I Understand
I have one more appointment open for today
It's an evening appointment so let me know ASAP Get it while
I'm a little excited to see my Baba tomorrow!
mine
Omg joey so proud of u!! U deserve it!!! love u
Umm Anjooo
Thank you, botcha!
F.R.I.E.N.D.S
From the beginning
You are extremely talented my friend, this.
i wont cheat on you
Your performance was great!
... because we had this little cutie was visiting us for the first time Sweet Amelia Casa Grand De
Sister, sister!! Amen, Thank you girl
I hope doing better today
Hoy en / Today at / Vandaag in Y al final fue 3-0! And in the end it was 3-0! En eindelijk was het
ate crushhh helloooo, anon!
Alice-chan [Touhou] Find more and related at Anime Lovers WorldWide
was actually yesterday babes. Thank you
I'm being more appreciated
Family picture day
1. My name is Danial, nice to meet you
This was awesome. I rewatch this time period often.
although you see it I was a minion for my baby
Aww thank you
Come to Cluj-Napoca we are missing you a lot here
oh that group.
Nice!
Prayer brings so much peace in your life
You face us
I love you too
Meus filhos
Yes. I love Roman Reigns
Was hoping to see you there!!
Sabato notte
You are truly an inspiration!!!! Keep encouraging those minds!!! Love
mbsuperdome stemfest
ahhh this is lovely tell Belle tho as we thought she was your numb 1 love WW Bons Bets & Pops
San Francisco & Sonoma...
wait to go back.
Love doing sport
Yes very well said sir Pranam ji Love you
Youngblood
However Franz Liszt ever the greatest Hungarian composer be at the opening ceremony of the
Hsppiest Birthday chiuu I just wish you knew how amazing you truly are, and may you keep on
Braces
protect you in tha name of love
Stream Valentine and Woman Like Me Let's help our kings and queens top the charts
I love you more than you love yugyeom
This past weekend at Pitt was much needed.
Still Lovin' Youth Crew
Pure LOVE from Dogs4Diabetics Medical-Alert Service Dog, Sherlock.
Have a Golden Retriever? Share your
DIA TAKPUAS HATI WEI "DOH WAN NURULHUDA AMK LA NK MENEI AMK" U SO CUTEEEE
TOO ACCURATE
Z WSZYSTKICH RZECZY
TO AU JAKO PIERWSZE XDDD
KOCHAM
Dil un dono ka toota pyaar per se vishvaas Mera uth gaya Mansha forever
WE LOVE OUR GAY BOY but lets hope fovvs see it but rye would make it up to him with kisses and cuddles
FOI UM PRAZER ENORME!!!
I want to hug you
spooky
Good night
Magnifique concert de
At the shannonksinger music video premiere for
.
.
.
My heart take it
Dont mess up my tempo
Handsome boy
real__pcy
weareone.exo
I'll never get tired to say that he's perfect! He's just perfect!
They really are but I was just sharing this song with you so you can listen to it
Since we woke up just been nothing but pure laughter
You still got a pic of our Angels Thank you Love HAHAHAHA
See you in 21 days
The voice our global community needs. I love this woman.
stand on the shoulders of
Thank you, me too
Love this
My friend. My sister. My pride and joy. My little. Lake Santeetlah
miss you bby
Thank you Libby!
Lots of love
Awh haha
My pleasure
You deserve the world
Fall with you has been so much fun I ever really smiled in pictures until you and for that
THE IS GONETHE WILL FOOW
WHEREVER!
&
I just want to take this moment to thank God. Through the ups and downs you're with me always.
It makes everything worthwhile when you receive such a lovely review feeling very happy
Meu bb
Watch it
I play on ps4
Saudi Arabia plz need some vbucks would appreciate it
Thanks Tasha thanks for always being there for me x see you Saturday x
He answered my question as well and said my name im so excited
If life is a movie, boy the best part
uwu with my egg tart and knife
TY !!!
Hi Ashton
Mad AB not on tv today. I was on his ig for 20mins Lastnight
Ninks-5-tens guys...... I wasn't ready.
Ke kopa kopa goba AllSaver aka...Ally
Love u hope ur doing okay
I love you too
getting locked out my twitter account xx
look what your band has done to me!!!! saved my life & shit
Breves de Caton!
victon light - because of you - what time is it now demek istiyorum ben de
Thank you so much
Nothing excites me more than knowing I get to see my brothers in two weeks
Need to do it soon again ladies and gents!
Watching on catch up - smashed it Gurl Great talent great attitude dont change
Heart
Hustle
Story
Vote
Vou ir ver a Nicolly
Yes baby.
VA:
FL:
SD:
RI:
Despite being friendly with each other previously, make no mistake:
GoodNight
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Michelle!
Happy 3rd Sunday! I You All in Jesus Name
Always here
Taehyung a
Love you Xx
Thank you so much
What if we allowed to lead the way?
"The best revenge, is no revenge. Move on. Be happy"
Maturity.
You rocked that middle part girl! Beautiful as always!!
Love these edges so much This painting along with 13 other paintings will be at Fashion Flash ( check out my
Mazi the Mazi!
Your avi is fine!
come back
so greatful and incredibly proud of you you smashed it today
Stay Up .. dog owners feel ya pain
Have a best birthday love
We love you
YAY! so proud of you!
meu amor todinho
Guys please do watch the drama it is so much fun!! episode 1 has been uploaded on YouTube
Welcome to my page comrade.
Daily Rainbow Six Siege Posts
Follow me
Ah wish known! My neck of the woods too! I live in Herne Bay! Have a good one
Yikes!! I knew you looked familiar! Bless your heart
Thanks I'm just over whelmed from so much planning. I have 3 interviews this week, my
Oluwamayomikun
: so proud of jania her live was so touching I guess I keep wanting her and kentrell to get back together
I love him
My team Juntar a estas fue la mejor
sadly the stupidest dumbass ppl who the r those DIE without a clause for pre-existing
Oh very good! Ha!
See ya in Birmingham brooky, wait to see you perform
Ay bebeee te amo chula y todo tuyo
Thank you for the best weekend & gifts babe
Thanks Jen
I'm real glad I've met you guys, y'all have been so nice. Love you guys
Amo
Thank you Vince!!!!
Lovely dream
I just saw the pinned tweet. my handsome guy!
I might love goats as much as a I love elephants
can you DM me on insta? (@lovingxbeaumont) make me feel better :(
Saba
Niti Taylor lives the character.
Goodmorning self
Wonderfull cookc
Nice feet BBY
What we achieve we worked together to achieve and forever be proud of us. for 7 years all done has
thank so much love for you girls.
excited for my Brae Brae cause she gets to meet the love of her life today
12:02 AM
omg love you the most (,:
Well you kill us daily so love ya!!
hasta ganas dan de comerte a besos w
Wow, I love this! Such a cute style and such a nice feeling overall in the illustration
Paris je t'aime this weekend was unbelievable and I wait to visit Paris again where we should go
Proud of you! wait to see you in Glasgow again! Missed you!
Feliz
Oh so cute my bias
ur too good to me
No doubt
SPREAD THE WORD
To HELP
SAVE TH CHILDRN!
The universe has been so good to me. as I have stayed true to myself
Congrats
1k complete bhot muskhil sy hoye es k follwers
thank you . more Unique stock coming soon.
Good movie, great food. He really knows how to keep me happy. had to miss out on spending the night cause I'm writing tomorrow.
BOOOOOOOOM!!!!!
OUR WIN TREBLE IS A WINNER!
3 WINNERS IN 3 DAYS
HIT IF YOU BACKED IT
could you please follow me ashton? it would make my year honestly
ah yaz :(
look at you lmao
*grabs those cheeks*
I can't wait love you
Absolutely! You can cat sit ours when we get them
It wasn't too bad, thank you
Ily more
Listening to little sister sing Moana songs warms my heart
HEY HEY HEY
FELIZ A TODAS LAS
Thanks brodie love ya man
Thanks for always being there, love you! Gonna miss watching you ball up this year!
Awe, this is such a sweet piece An amazing way to remember your pets.
ASHTON LOVES YOU SO MUCH CAIT ! IM SO HAPPY FOR YOU!! I LOVE YOU N CONGRATS BBY
So thank you for the darkness, God, ready for my next scene.
Congratulations wishing you a lifetime of love.
Wow cute one day this will be me
Well this is amazing
My grandma is the cutest
My best friend is the best
thank you, Kino
i love you
Please follow me
sekitar pemandangan di hotel kami . very very nice
she is
Yessir. Thanks coach, but we're NOT finished yet.
Our Sunday Mood:
the script
I am so excited
G O R G E O U S this girl may look gormless but she has come along so much in the last few weeks. Her speech
I think you look Tigger-tastic!
Harry who ? I only know
I love you,
Beautiful Jin
God bless !
I see all this photos & videos of Stray Kids of their Unveil and y'all don't know how proud, happy i feel about them
Yes, she is!
wait to see you next Sunday
last one really hope we get cloud pretty please
Two beautiful you always be happier than you are today!
this
L hurts. Vrabel, just head coach growing pains. had momentum w/ the drive. W
Ma princesse a son trop belle
Sunday morning
Mais vallah jkifff troppp
Happy birthday to my wife ilysm a good one
. .
Come On Guys
I can say the same. Your love has given me confidence, made me want to find happiness, and saved my life. Thank you
please! Let us know!
Love this
No, I love that you like it there will be loads more!
Favorita
Sos todo lo mas lindo
Thanks too my friend Sweet dreams Tomorrow
Stay strong beautiful
Bonito Domingo
But do you still own a driving license, you can still be chosen ???
9lbs 3 oz. long what my daughter was
Moulin Rouge
my best friends bought me flowers & a bottle of wine bc i am having the worst day i love my people. so.
He isnt in the bollywood Fawad hamara hai
So much respect for you
My sisters are the best hands down
I met the love of my life last night thanks to my good sir, Jesus.
WAYNE ROOOOOONNNNNNEEEEEEEYYYYYYY!!!
Happy 23rd Birthday to my annoying sometimes cool brother
um
please follow her Chris she loves you so much
Still a gorgeous image
My Arsenal. The Arsenal
our cats name is Gus
we call him:
Augustus
Gus Gus
Gussy boy
Gustopher
Jordon Gusphort
Fat boy
Chonker
ILY TOO
Happy birthday my baby!!! I love you so much
HOW DARE YOUR TWEET GET MORE THAN MINEnnn EVERYONE LIKE MINE IF UR NOT HOMOPHOBIC
for ji
Amitabh Bachchan's Official Blog DAY 3870
Breathe. One check mark at a time.
Totally true
Thor Ragnarok
Supervet ready
You so cute
8 now
a ring on it! congrats and
Have the best time you two I'm so excited for Hana. SO jealous that i won't get to meet you OR
Love
Thank you bea jeon! I love you more
with red saree
OMGG THE PODCASTER LISTEND To me I'm dead thank you so much for putting this song on the
a solid account to follow- sound guy, very supportive too
Come to germany please with the
Sherine - Halawat Al Dounia (EXCLUSIVE) | 2017 - via
Found these little love notes all over the house this morning from my love I normally like
Thank you for support of SOUL GROOVE & ANDREA ERRE
I laughed first!
KAROL DIO MG EN UN TWEET Q ACABO DE SUBIR TE AMO
see you soon
I love you
Thank you!
Will tell her you said so
aw thank pretty yourself bby!!
Tagged by
a little freebie bc I love this underwear
Rukhsaar
The man speaks the truth
OMG!!!
I hate this band
pumpkin patch fun with our girl
I 3 generations of badass women!
& for more Videos!
We from Germany love you too
taking my baby on a dinner date later
Oh now we're cooking. I love this song.
Throwback to 2010 when the maestro won it
Stockholm Open is a good one
Mothers are the real Blessings
Kiss and make up
Ok. No BBQ today. Today you go find a Philly cheesesteak. AND. A philly pretzel
Bless you.
I miss listening to italian anime/cartoons openings, so I think I'm gonna use my playlist while I start doing the lineart of the drawings
As always
No exercise! Woof
You Pawmise! We go to Pet store!!!
ma plus belle histoire
Just watched a video of your concert with Goosebumps and memories
Yes he is caring ..down to earth
Its really beautiful to see that some people are still here who understands
Thank you my sweet heart
Happy birthday
The emotions here in these songs were so strong yet so warm
True friends are never apart.
Maybe in distance , but never in heart.
I just found out I share my birthday with Kane Brown he did marry the wrong blonde my love for him is real
Good night Tc bby ma
Beautiful tweet friend !! :'-)
Islam is the happiness
she says thank you
Aww ;(
the best daddy ever
naraid66
anztqaxmz%hn
You can beat it dude I know strong af
thank you :)
I got my first call on the app!! I suggest you guys download it
Had a lovely welcome back in 's stream tonight! Thanks guys
Powerful episode
Ifb unf later
Main man wise
Miss you see you in a week bubs
finally the queen is here wildcard
Miss u so much already
BOSTON
Thanks Matt.. I appreciate it.. Your baby is beautiful
You and me both lmao but I meant every word!
Be who you want, not who they want you to be
FAMILY.
THAT is fan-support !
My feed is now 10 percent soul calibur CaC's and 90% Fat Kaiji and it's making my day alot better
HBD I love you
Follow our Instagram
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MAMA I Love You!!! (( eh ada haqiem rusli lah, ops))
Love Only,
Amazing human being
I love you too
Porkeando en mi lugar favorito para almorzar!!
a BFF is forever
ANGERYYYYYYY
I lov this
Malik Sarosh is my love
Beautiful autumnal nails using the new collection shades fab work by Emma here
Got so much love for Showing and portraying the Rosa Parks movement as well as well as a
Forehead touch followed by eskimo kisses Seems like the type to really cherish every inch of his s/o !
My favourite Lillie's from my favourite man
Being challenged with Shift Shop
Doing so well. Emotionally
Awwww see u in Glasgow
I hope you come to switzerland
ICONIC
Valentine
This year you're mine sergiorawmos!
And you, whom will be yours?
Me ha gustado un de ( - HUGE BIRTHDAY SURPRISE!! First Secret Crush With Everleigh!!
Amazing and cute people
that's what I think and nothing has changed that so far
Congratulations to my bro on his wedding inshallah many years of happiness to come
Gallas
Stream tonight! come and say hi!
It was so amazing to meet you earlier calum and thanks for the photo
This is so beautiful
I have an exam Arabic tmw and I hate my life
BOA SORTE VAI DAR TD CERTO ARRASA
I MISSED YOU AND I LOVE YOU JIN MY LOVE TAKE CARE ALWAYS PLEASE REST WELL AND EAT A LOT
Milan
I wanna steal somethin'. I wanna play your card. I wanna see you play my hand. I wanna know you got my birthday card
this is stunning what the heck
Exo got me into k-pop but Ikon kept me on the game
Thank you!!!
This is an amazing song Baseem Singer
Looking through my travel photos and realizing how lucky I am to have been able to travel to so many beautiful places
with the bae
Like if you agree
You were just cheesing too hard bc Rich Brian
I want to hug my heart
You're my sister and I should be by your side always and thank you for what you did to me
Bohot hi sundar bacha
Going to be throwing my Koopa Halloween on Halloween! and RT to get Your INVITES BABES!
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Melia!
Thank you
This IG model makes more than you do just by posing with water bottles (28 Photos)
y'all better like because in a Taeil Stan in a basically non existent Stan Taeil Nation help I'm
Missed you and ur tits
Jordan
Thank you so much
Amo estas fotos
Finally voted for I had some issues because I'm not from the UK but I made it and I sent all 5 votes to you!
Everything happens for a reason
You can only love the boys
A work of art
Awwww see you in standard Glasgow
It's Maa's birthday today
May God bless her
Valentine
This year you're mine bolfst!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Barb and I should definitely be bridesmaids
~
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!! Have an amazing day!!
Where is it from?
So exciting!! We have our fingers crossed
gotchu bae! Been praying for u all weekend! Love you sooo much so does he more than ever know!!!
always next time :)
Happy tears....
PROUD MOMENT FOR NANDAMURI FANS
Tqq u soo
Que lindo meus
very welcome
You give me life, I love you forever
seeing in a sec
2019 will be your we still u
Awww sangy bohat accha edit hai thank you so much
I love all this black boy magic
muchas gracias
I share your hatred for this disease. Lost my dad and my sister to it. FU cancer!
I have an Arabic exam tmw and I hate my life
Yo querer :'v
Cracker Barrel shenanigans with my favs! Cracker Barrel Old Country Store
Happy Birthday Gorgeous
Congrats Joey! You really deserve this for all the hard work it takes to put on escape the night. Congratulations!
Thanks!
See you there, Poo xD
Our sister game, launches tonight
Good Luck and the housemates
Tune in at
Fun and Fresh GRWM
Hope you enjoy my weridness
via
GAIN!GAIN!GAIN!
LIKE and RETWEET this
FOLLOW all that LIKE &
FOLLOW back all that
Live right now and if you want follow me
Aaaah have the best time!!
Valentine
This year you're mine accidentael!
And you, whom will be yours?
AWWW Tiff!!! My favorite!!!! Thank you for thinking of me!!
allowed
SEEE U NEXT MONDAY BROOK IN MANCHESTER CANT WAIT LOVE YAH
(2:35 am) gising na po ako for this two ahhahah subrang excited eh.
Thanks for noticing
Bring it back, bring it back!
in love with u
They were great together
prof. Neca a aplaudir o CFA
I wish I was fluent in a beautiful language.
Peekskill Waterfront My happy place
Or
Yourr cc is backkk. My queenn. I waited so long to send you my love!
Please accept it uwu
Good night Nicole sleep well later
awee ily and miss you
i just came to remind you that you are a beautiful and strong person
bye ily
My Snapple!!!
Thanks, ma'am
vidic
Amo-tee bby
Valentine
This year you're mine felexxxx!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Love my daughter to death
While on tour spying on this cuties live. Did you see my cute comments?
Classic
20.10.18
Reuniting with Ben after been on nights is my favourite thing
the dream! One day!
MY LOVES ETERNALS
happy birthday my brother. miss ya! & hope ya have a kickass day
Love to
Thank You For Sharing I Needed to Read those beautiful Words today
New love soon
Me parece un tuit tan... bonito
The contrast
Navaratri Day 4 Photos
The post Vivekananda Navaratri Day 4 Photos
I love you namjoon!
Exactly!
Im quite late on this but all our staffs hearts goes out to those who have suffered
Someone bring me yellow duct tape
I'm so proud of our girls!
here for you. sorry that I say it through social media.
Amoor da minha vida todinha
A weekend well spent with my family
Thanks jo
Thanks, Viviane!
It happens when you play with so much
thanks
1st Page. Answers by 10pm family Im going to take a nap
LVE You Soooo Muchhhh Arjun Sir .
Lots of LVE , LiGhT , Blessings
yes Bella. heavy weighted music that our hearts will shake.
My 3 yo niece just called to ask if still on my field trip and my reason to come back
Best kinda emo tour pictures I took of and
Congratulations to my
Yes loving this podcast! bring in the Scorpio energy!
+2
Ornate adorning the exterior of the landmark
TE AMO
This weekend was filled with so many highs
i
home
happiness
life
Familia is beauty , nothing stronger
Valentine
This year you're mine Rehii0!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Finir le week-end de toute smooth
te amo muito, sdds :(
GUYS I NEED YOUR HELP! I'M TRYING TO HELP A FRIEND SO RT AND LIKE PLEASE!!
I just love chocolate cake whether it be for breakfast, lunch or tea! If it has caramel
At first i thought it's Italy but it is our beautiful Gawadar
thank you for answering so happy
Thanks homie! I miss you too get together soon
Jackie Uchiha
11/10 a good boy.
Namjoons reaction is to immediately put his hand on his waist
I that 94 times.
shawn: *blinks*
me: I'm so soft I LOVE HIM SO MUCH I wished I could SQUISH
Ma'am can we chat love you dear
These beauties
My world in one photo
LVE You Soooo Muchhhh Arjun Sir .
Lots of LVE , LiGhT , Blessings
so proud of you
Prayers and love to the people of Kaduna state. Stay safe and shun violence.
Valentine
This year you're mine _xd96!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
He's so cute
Show some to this gorgeous girl and follow her sexy sissy account
Miss you :(
and
Halsey and Rosey
UwU
I love you bitch and I ever gonna stop loving you bitch
OF COURSE, I LOVE ANAKIN AND TONY. ALSO I GOT PEPPER POTTS AND PADME VIBES SO THAT'S ANOTHER REASON
wait till we can actually get some cocktails together lol
You take away all my problems. You heal me
Crushin on haaaard. Some of the best souls live in the US
Amazing
thank you
BOSTON
Ameen ya rabb darling Thank you so much vision 2020
You always do what you are meant to be doing all along
And,Ty! I think she must get her awesomeness from her new... Godmother, you!
(tysm )
Vamo ganhar Corinthians
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KIM HANBIN
Look after yourself and your kids out there gonna be guys like you picking up some of these pieces
So clever , so beautiful and so perfect
Valentine
This year you're mine Malak5u!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Would love to see you too on a live chat, from a WA stater.
your fan spotted. Hashtag me too.
Hi friends, hope having a lovely day off.
come back, come back!
Good vibes.
Hope you feel better now
Wrestling
I just love Hart of Dixie
ahhhhhhhh the hat !!
With Beloved Brother & Czn
Which one?
Like
RT
Tags :
Oh Donna sorry to hear that , what twats hope Wals is ok and hope you are too dog and door comes to mind xx
Man I l0ve this one ,,,,,Thank yew Pule ,,,today you proved the critics wrong ,,y0ur goal ,,,,
Obrigado linda
going to the movies today after I take my dad out for sweeties day
Ahh ofc no worriesss
I am about to get shoulder surgery and would appreciate that A LOT.
I m sorry for yr loss.. Life must go on.. Pack and hav a safe journey... By the way ye winner
I love you too
welcome! Love you too
Thank you for the spooky basket// birthday present
My crush
I know it inside of my heart,
forever will forever be ours, even if we try to forget...
Touchdown Canada
Who is Saudi Arabia's crown prince? A reformer and ruthless ruler. GOPMBS.
What I live for
Absolutely love how clips from the Valentine video were playing during the performance at the teen awards
olha esse garotoooo gentee
Anyone else ever listen to old voicemails from their grandma or just me? I just love them soooo much
Feliz cumple gatito
Te amo
so happy you are back in europe, cant wait to see you in London and Brussels with my friends
I figured as much. Get well. It's more important.
He must be our good luck charm!
Need a new and selfie! I know they meet up especially few weeks ago
21 |
Yeah I hope it can happen soon too welcome yes watching the American Grand Prix
Adult cures... including my girlfriend
Simply Awesome
Of course dear
Hey Sis-N-Love
Schelia A. Green
Hoy por fin me bien conmigo
Other Half
Life With Superman
Loving in this episode
ok boo that just means you die today
bro i choked so hard, ggs you made it on video coming out later
He is such a cutie patootie!
She's is so much adorable Who would not to do cycling with her
Love you too
Cafe bumping today
Its crazy cause somebody can have u fucked up off a vibe alone
Aprendi a ser bonita cntg haha
Todos los
Love ya bro, gonna sub again today. Still sad that I lost it, but time to come back
Moving round 2 with the best
Love him so! PATRICK and Grandma!
Ashton Irwin from 5SOS just makes me the happiest
Trop mignon
self love is the foundation to the building blocks of life
:D thank you
Beautiful Padstow today. Thank you October for being so warm and kind
serving and loving others Jesus loves people!
Princess. General. Role Model. Happy Birthday
Treasure what u got
thank you sayang !! hehehehe i really did enjoyed myself today & thank you for today i love you more !!!!
Heartiest congratulations n my love
I Wish to god that u
14 days until i meet and 15 days until i see 5SOS
That's my club.
Norwegian Wood (This Bird Has Flown)
Thank you hun..
finally starting to cool off here in Louisiana! Opening the windows and letting the cool breeze float in
Perfect combination.
The weather is perfect today & working open to close but alright because......
off tomorrow with my girl (finally)
very welcome!
Exo-l x Exo!!!
We are one
camp one the dessert
iloveyoumore baby
Always need:
"God,family, sam .... And fampam "
and food hehe
You know we love this state when we are making plans to return
One of my awesome students!! You are awesome Jazmin!!
I'm the luckiest man alive
I pray for peace at heart.
Sunday morning with ze beshywapp msruaza
ayeee much love. glad it's sounding good
The most wonderful man and my best friend
Rip Rue Rue Look Over Me And My Brothers I Love E4W
Happy Birthday babe
thank you!!
Sunday
Fireworks with my Minion at Horwich RMI
can you believe that i still dont have your follow?
We just love lashes
available! Call Exquisite Hair & Beauty Monkseaton on 01912532545
I know baby it's okay. You'll do great just get off twitter and keep studying !! Love you!
Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love
Stay strong, make them wonder how you're still smiling :)
Good night
Simply Awesome
you and Jenny are my absolute favourites on followed closely by Mary and Marina
Gracias!
My two most fave Hamiltons and I have met and painted both of you.
IPRESIDENT TRUMP
I added a video to a playlist SUPERHERO BABIES WATCH A MOVIE WITH POPCORN SUPERHERO PLAY DOH
I added a video to a playlist DAME UNA OPORTUNIDAD - (Rap 2018) - Xion MC
Do you think on repeat ?
Congrats to the hard core rider.. a deserved win..
Thank you. I sometimes still pinch myself
Waiting for
sign da ting my guy.
5 more years 5 more years 5 more years
Im washing your sweatshirt now and i have your keys
I as Dr who
I'm voting straight Republican
Thank yo Almost Twin I , wished I saw you yesterday but I hope Ton you made your birthday fun
Sophy you're so talented I love your shading
I am online ! Check me out ->
20 RETWEETS GIVEAWAY!
Giving away a Save The World account!
To enter:
Like
Retweet
Follow:
I appreciate that, thank you
I'm happy to hear you're feeling better, headache sucks
Oh Lord I tap into this
I apple kale salad!
I met and let me tell u she's just as cute if not more in person ily
S/o to whoever is leaking all of these songs by Chris. greatly appreciated
Ive watched the MV like a thousand times at this point! I love it so much
Valentine
This year you're mine IIZombiesII!
And you, whom will be yours?
Nimrat is still bae but toronto da weather tenu pta hi ah fer
This is love
Rachel:
And bonus - Just received my very first international upgrade...for a 15 hour flight.
Life is worth living, so live another day.
Yahoo! thank you for the continued prayers Chris and I appreciate them very much
How moving. Such humility
Loved meeting your see you in December
We need this now... fucking murder ya!! Absolute class
SUPERSTAR
Love her more the life itself!!!
Everyone deserves a little corner of paradise in their backyard .
.
.
.
Photo by Dave Catchpole on Flickr
I love this picture, thank you for sharing it
Just adore a man who is considerate and thoughtful
You're more cute~ you got the cutsy look~
If I date you
And once again thank you for your kindness and your smile as i told you, you are amazing and
ALA ELEEES AAAAAAA
Corbyn
I feel like I know weird cause I love him and I never met him
What a wonderful surprise! Thanks boys.
Credit to the lady there, not for backing down
It is so mutual. keep working together. lots to get done!
Happy Birthday
my girls
Winwin you deserve this world and all my heart
circus.caroline making it look easy at the celebration of the clock tower! ...
Spoczko haha love you honey
We love you more.
i love you, honey. text me if you need to talk at all. in my thoughts today
me encuentro con mi amada
The best! Thanks Laura
FaceTime with my sis and niece today proper made my Sunday
And it's been slowly crippling my confidence and self esteem ever since
Love that
1600 days
They should be, especially in Jersey! We're not a population of people known for keeping quiet. I being from
It's Crusoe!
So sorry for your loss
WORK THE MIDDLE | dance choreo |
Las amo
My favorites
your bio is coming to life congratulations
This is the first time I have ever wanted to vote in my life.
Yep! That's always my first stop.
Even though me and BD together, thankful okay. I still need you here for Lena and I
Bathong look at my sister
You were so amazing it hurts!!!
Happy child
I just found the graduation letter/texts that sent me and crying I love youuuuu
Wish been there. Looks like you all had a blast
love you too girl
I am thinking not either. Thank you for the double laugh
Vente amigo
I love you bcz your always tell the truth smart funny handsome chocolate man and African
Emery Army
You have the most beautiful smile
ofc the most important thing that doing ok
I got married.
He loves monkeys tho
Amor maior
Kkkkkk opss fica cm nn kkkk a gnt tbm te amaa
He got his eyes on his prize..
worry eat them for you so you can have 1% of the flavor, maybe
.
that this is off my breakup playlist
Meu amorzinho
trumps
Love you too
Feliz
The Beatles - Dear Prudence (Original)
Ralph actually went and checked
Spent his Sunday going through league tables
Bless
He doesn't represent Pakistan for me.
Man in his header does
San Siro. One of the most beautiful, iconic stadiums in history and everytime I watch a match held there I'm blown away by the atmosphere
congrats again dude!! wishing all the happiness in the world to you and the beautiful Mrs Purp!!! Hton misses ya
the one and only Maggie Pierce
thank u emilie, love and miss you too!!! wait to hang soon
TE AMO
Turn my notifications
FOLLOW everyone who RETWEETS + this
Thank you so much for your support Horace
So powerful
proud of my baby.
Quem vai assistir esse no cinema dia 25/10?
and RT
So cute, tell our grandpa I said happy birthday
my instagram account
It was pretty awesome
I love little Nell and Little Luke so freaking adorable
I love her.
Love you too wallahy
The dummy play
So always been an animal lover
Prayers for your family during this time. So glad he is no longer suffering sweet story!
Is this today?
Let me write you love letters and shih
Aahhh yo mas
All yours!
Nothing is wrong with praying... nothing is wrong with worshiping God
Sounds like so much fun! Loved seeing your videos. I
First time watching Doctor who and I love it
Aberfan always in our x
Mais dias como esse!
wait to see you
a boy
I dusted this off the other day to play Jetstream DLC.
Love part
And lost it at the end
If you have the choice between being right and being kind, choose kind..
Remember when I was young I and my little bro would exchange being absent at school to look after out little sister
The good doctor
Merci babe
Sending you all the love and another picture of a kitty
crescendo
Rt para divulgar, me ajudem
Tfw I have no fashion in osrs. But okay
I demand to hear her sing
I love Zayn and Shawn so much
Roast beef Yorkshire pudding wrap happy Sunday
This lightstick is BEAUTIFUL
Gracias
Oyyyy airport vibessss
you should watch this
Thank you that means a lot
Thank you for singing me to sleep. Your voice is
Best weekend in a long while
Domingoou
The fact that you quoted one of my favorite rappers you know me too well I love you baby
Such an amazing voice!! You should go on the X Factor
The Office
Amazing! Support EXO in Tictok > original sound -
Have you been to see her yet?
Thanks honey
Thank youuuu!
happy birthday keef ily uwu
YEs JUHI
'The capital of the New Forest' - it's time to discover what makes beautiful so special
Nor is he threatened when I appreciate a
Retweeting every Corso video possible so when gone I can always look back
HAHAHAH te amo
Just a cheeky Sunday sesh with my Relish Doncaster
Thank you Sue
With color deku is so bold
This is so true. Just accepting because free will come across straight away
chief called, he said nothing will ever come close
Good weekend as always with
Sunday clears away the rust of the whole week Issa church girl
That was so awesome
Tunisian Cheveners at the 2018 orientation
I deeply hope so
witamy w rodzinie
We stan a beautiful queen I hope having the best day ever!! Love you!! Hope happy!!
Always been my favorite coworker ;)) wow I love you
Thank you Lord for giving me another year
Sure~ but show me in the morning~ where we both are much cuter~
Having a chill sunday night in with char about to cook some dinner and watch the X factor
The happy couple so proud of you TJ. You might be married now but always be the dude that I met and
your self
My lovely
Amo demais essa musica
RED
This makes me so happy
hope ur feeling a bit better x
I love reading these tweets, a sense of hope that comes with reading this! May your love continue to
Oh please, easy, I would find myself (real me) and fall in love
Thanks sis
Primeira com 16
Familia Los amo.
Awesome perfect amazing sexy sweet panties loving love gorgeous I like it I love it
The true definition of serving; of giving.
.....just be everything you promised to be
Im daddys little fidget spinner when daddy feels horny he lifts me up and puts me on his huge
you guys are the real mvps... seriously that's intense. I hope your foot feels better
Love this!
Happy Birthday Love! May God bless you with many more years
you look so pretty
The way she hold his hook
Which is your favourite? Like, love, react or comment with EMOJI below!! SCROLL
LIKE for Berry
LOVE
How I miss songs like this one
Aww this is cute
.
(Like And Tag 2
.
.
.
Wow thank you so much!!
Um
you Melly Mel. doing great
This song and her voice is something else
This is the most perfect picture ever.
Thank you so much
A mais noites assim
agreed
On our way to the Marketing Summit! Chicago!
Jajajajajaja lindo este gato Are cute this cat has style to hear almost love
Surreal
thanks for being such amazing supporters of
Good happy for you
I sure will!!
Hahaha. Look at ya luvly schnozz
Three years since you left this world. Love and miss you mol_rose223
be at escape! and definitely wait until after if you get it before it will just get in
Stunning Mali. Couldn't have been easy to take the photo.
Pictures
Elvis
What does it take to pass the NCLEX? Take a practice test and find out! NEVER too early to prepare yourself
Gorgeous woman
i couldn't believe how hot all my friends are thanks for a great last hoco
just seeing if you are alive.
Sock it to
come to love not by finding the perfect person, but by seeing an imperfect person perfectly."
I wait for you guys to perform bringing back memories
Our night routine
My favorite couple
I love you!
Amores
This is how we like to end our days
photo by
Cannot truly describe what an afternoon that was. The love for this show is unreal. Till next time Eugene
I actually got the guy ive been prayin for my whole life
Keep the faith.
They do exist
like a kid at heart
Jo
Everybody deserves someone who makes them look forward to tomorrow.
Dahyun's vocals in Stay by my Side uwu
Thank You!!! I'm glad you like it!
In few days will be ready
Look at this fuzz headed, flamingo lookin, fluff ball of a gorgeous baby.
New video of Dakota at the Event in Denver last night
Love you hun thanks for being there
Wish u Happy B'day My Dear Little Doll Aaradhana
God bless You
Live long with happiness and joy
Samarkand, what a city
Lunch with my sweet friend and her momma at Red Lobster
Bravo BTW some counties do send a sticker. Another challenge for you!
aka the start of O'level, atb tetot
Looking like a true hero, as always
Happy birthday to this cheeky monster ! Missy mac! Soul Sister forever
Thank you hope you have an awesome day today love xoxo
My man is just
Happpyyyy birthday Kyrsten from middle school to high school to now college together made it, thank
Watch on on the 9th of November
I had the pleasure of viewing it and it was spectacular!
Han yh joe wali
Btw thankyou so much for appreciation.
Y CADA VEZ MIL VECES
Thanks alllllllyyyyy
cute. hope you like this one! I know you love animals.
U guys... Looking sooooo good I'm ing this
Congrats on 7M to my favourite people and so proud of how far come! Ily
Sorry to hear you feel this way. My are open if you need to talk. Sending love
Meus filhos part 2
MERCIII
I love you but we're strangers when we meet!
ash how are you today
Looks like I found a new lock screen for my phone
Happy 18th birthday to my lovely girlfriend I love you so much baby and so happy I got to see you this
I'm okay thank you my love, miss u SO much
thank you soooo much!!! ily
Imagine making people happy for the rest of your life.
CONGRATULATIONS
.
.
yasmin_noble is the winner of my competition with we absolutely loved
My friend little friend Ellie wore it best.
On Nov. 6th-- do what she says, bring a friend, and share this
I Stan a king, it's all love out here
worked hard
These are great for wee fidgety fingers
Why thank you
Quem vai assistir esse no cinema?
Thank you rahne!!
Fed my sweetie fresh chocolate covered strawberries sweet baby
Live for the moments.
My coworkers were shook when I turned up in this bitch with a rolex and a burberry bag, and I was like thanks mom
I always look forward to these videos each year!
| Foto pubblicate da su ig story
I like your look! Cute dress, purse and hair. a fan!
Absolutely but Gagai reaction cmu
Ai ai obrigada
My fucking leg bro wtf damn it was a good night. Love y'all
gutted I missed it but will catch up in a bit
Friends for life
FOREVER LOVE!
90 shows and almost a decade with these guys. Fillmore Auditorium
I just bought Maggie Resists Trump a Coffee on Ko-fi! via
From Elsa to Harley, Anna Faith still has us in love (27 Photos)
Come hear me sing some old A Skylit Drive songs October 27th RSVP
So sorry for your loss.
I thank god everyday for life he has given me. I be more blessed with the people I have in my life
Ele foda!!
I still cry every time i leave my family and go back to school i love my family sooo much even know the half
Hope you get back in the winners circle really soon! Good luck today!
Nothing can separate Me from the love of God
Awwww I'm sorry.
I trip over paper. So anything that high is just asking for death.
Cute photo
Forever my hero
Amore mio
You are agree better rain than snow .. to soon for it
Enjoy your evening with the lovely boys
FOREVER LOVE! PLEASE.
Happy Sunday
Padrinhos
Ayyyyyy I'm so proud of you
Home
How many do it.... Let's be humans
Tenho a melhor amiga
matches if me getting to top 200 local i'll do live matchest to Champion if i get to 15 subs so share and subcribe
Showered. Journaling
Me too Hun wait to see you!!!
600 followers !!! thank you so much i feel like saying the same thing every time but it honestly means a lot to me. i love you
This is just the cutest
Home
Valentine
This year you're mine ayayebu!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
babyboy
matching outfits
Thank you so much!
you look amazingly stunningly beautiful xx
too and this have come at a more perfect time. and thank you.
I miss you so incredibly much alreadyyyy
I hate that for you,
Good for you!
Family Time..
This has been a tough watch due to the racism, but they really have smashed this. Rosa Parks is a hero
*Good Morning Beautifuls...
Luv & Hugs to you
I wish you blessed awesome rawkin day
Be good to yourselves
You definitely deserve it though!
Congrats I send much love joy and well wishes to you both Teddrick D Boykin
Jason L. Brock
Gail Mabalane is insanely beautiful
wait to see u in Mexico I have my tickets yeiiiiiii
Squeaky clean cage but for how long Katie x
If you have less than 300K Followers
Retweet
Follow all Retweets .
Follow back all follows.
Comment with
throw shit at you always and never take your money pay that forward to someone who needs it more
Thank you
pretty girl JB oh my nickname for her
Trowbacks
With the best dressed artist in house! you, Francisco. JW Marriott
love the haptic feedback when you like a tweet!
H.E.R
Look at those smiling faces!
RED
FB / RT
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Katie!
You deserve it so much
Won't Back Down - Tom Petty
Seeing the Walt jackets again makes me happy
I'm stil waiting for the day you finally follow me
was lurking but welcome back
Primizia
I hope he will play nicely Best of luck to
Pulled up on my dadddy and he had turkey wings and collard greens for me LOVVEEEE
Get the widget "Tab for a Cause".
You can donate to people who need it by just opening internet tabs.
My
Fun and Fresh GRWM
Hope you enjoy my weirdness
via
MANIFEST IS ABSOLUTELY AMAZING. YOU WILL 100% ENJOY IT
I love the conjuring so muchhh what a great movie looking forward to number 3
It's been a while since the last time we saw a perfect grid like this
Proud ARMY here
Red wine is the way to my heart
Fulham
-Perfectly Imperfect
New post on my instagram! Add me K3chocolate
Really enjoyed this project
You know why we you
My mom's flower is blooming again!
First two episodes pa lang, I'm already loving it so much. Airport vibeesss is
you should
best network
thank you
starting a petition for & to make more bed wars videos or something! are entertaining together
FOREVER FAMILY
What friends are for
happy birthday to the beautiful young lady congratulations
Guys please do watch the drama it is so much fun!! episode 1 has been uploaded on YouTube
Eat up bro
Boy every time I play the song I have a bottle and fork in my hand
Sei da proteggere
Precious
It's okay!!! I'll try fit you in if I can !!!
Gaming is my second love
on the X Factor tonight, can wait to see them again on that stage
I just want to be a lip model and hair model for I really love her
MIC DROP
my favorites
Always
Love everything passion fruit! Even
Anyway, my favs no see any haters, just keep doing their things. Mature minds, mature people I Stan
I hope you've had a good day, carry on
This is totally awesome!
anything for you miss staysdoll
Thank you so much
Rosa Parks - what a woman
Yeahhh sure you are so right
Awww I miss you girl, thank you
Lindo domingo
what an amazing movie as usual you were awesome
Brighton, you were the cherry on top. Thanks for showing us where home is
Thanks to who came to see
Butterfly release for our baby Jimon
Good Night...
Valentine
This year you're mine iKRooMx!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
No but I will tonight and try to report for you.
Oh I wish I could take you home. A loving forever home is just around the corner, I'll bet.
The best painter
happy birthday Kate! Sending love to you and Zelda
Congrats
Finalmente il soleeeee
Finally Dallas as I remember it since my days at SMU!
im sad, so to avoid potentially spreading negative energy im gonna head off twitter for a bit. I love you all so very very much
Beautiful Nature!
Obg amor
Reasons to date me :
- don't
- i'm in love with kim tae hyung
- i don't have time for u
- go away
H A P P Y B I R T H D A Y
A D V A N C E
Rate this look 1-10!
loving the many hoops!
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
so happy for all of my friends. We are all motivating each other while doing what we love
I remember when I was young,
I and my little bro exchanged being absent at school to look after our little sister
lowkey like these
Master class Gigi Buffon
It does~
Now I'm sleeping first and then we can get cute in the morning~
Them Cousinssss Khodi Ko & Jody Jo
That is adorable
you are my world, you are perfect
Love you too
Girl nobody from the past is beating you right now
West-Allen family
I did not miss Wells. Council of Wells was cringe worthy
Gut getroffen.
your favorite memory from this song? be reading all the
In only one
Poor Chica is so stressed in kennels please help to find her a home
Candyland Concert
Dia de Muertos is about family
Tonton dans le Canal football club
Hello, hope you are well!
Omg yayy! so sad I missed them but wait to watch later
gunner and i met exactly 3 years ago stay tuned for a special video this week
Disney Channel
I lie. Lying in bed with my person, half watching series, half tweeting in silence while holding hands is a love language for me
AP Poll:
Go Cougs!!!!!!
You suck gf. here like always been stop being so sad why been trying to hang w ya
Love the pink ones
Aw she's such a cutie
I'm letting say it for me this year. Diolch.
Yeah...was a favorite in our house...
Well done babe, so proud
that's awesome! thank you for sharing your learning journey
Tysm! Same for you angel
En el drama my Id si gangnam beauty sale fake love
Amazing pic for an amazing person
lil sista briii only 4 but cheer like she 24 ( think she grown )
En senin
We long points apparently, they hold 1-2
Minhas fofas
Period .. going to hate it but we locked
Congrats ate Pam! You really deserve it We the Pamily will support you until the end
Blood red
SAYS YOU! Lovely babe
You are the reason my phone has a Heart emoji
Congratulations Toni and Will! I had a blast teaching you how to dance and choreographing your wedding dance!
believe how good that episode was ,, so inspirational
my mom really went out of her way to bring me some menudo this morning, an angel.
1 year ago today I ate crack pipe french fries
Why all people be that concerned and supportive of one another Most animals take better care of
sorry for your loss Sofia be strong
chiant mdrr
im so sorry i was really hoping youd mert them its what you deserve, i was so happy for you :( but
My love
Bisous a pasha
Et bisous a toi aussi
I'm proud of you honey. Seriously
The boys met fans outside the London venue , only fair if they do it for the other venues
You certainly did, Richard. I was stopping in for a coffee on my way home today. And Thank You
3) Akira
2) Bizarre Adventure
1) 20th Century Boys
Mention Hideout et Green Blood
Market Cap: $210,784,222,365
BTC Dominance: 53.61%
BTC: $6518.39531976
ETH: 0.03159962 BTC
XRP:
Welcome dear
How amazing is doctor who tonight loved the story line with rosa parks 10/10
Follow everyone who LIKES & RETWEETS this
Any day, buddy. Love you too
I this!
Si canta in my blood, twenty one pilots, o tears in heaven, me mueeerooo
I forget that I am the first born & that my parents are still learning, I still love yall unconditionally
this is the best explanation for my mental breakdowns, and now I wanna hug you ughhh ily
Turn my notifications
FOLLOW everyone who RETWEETS + this
sweet and salty? but really thank you Shelby!! love for you always!!
I do it as payback and you know why
my favorite person alive w aanjad ktir underrated w i trust you with my life
7lb 4oz 21 inches
Wow I absolutely loved that episode
Me como hicieron IDOL
Woooooooooowwwww genial
Felicidades
I know that
someone rt this on his tl thank you in advance
Thank you
"Now that I've found you..... No more chasing the wind"
we actually saw each other twice in the span of a year, reason enough to celebrate
He is a stunner
Did you just say the she's gunna kick your ass for that I'm telling I'm telling
Since posted it everywhere but here I love you grandma
Very much appreciated mate!
Owww mor obg
True, the toughest battles are fought within ourselves. Sending a positive wish is the least we can do
After watching : lenide SIIMA laedu!!!
Agree?
Sunyani's really got some Beautiful ladies
Army
And you succeed, mama lowkey I feel comforted now and even it
Every nigga need a backbone
This to be part of the 1st Season cast!
Mia and Perkin are literally the best! They took off my makeup AND my contacts
//Aaawww throwback to Layla
We'd for you to tell us which songs here!
was my first ever follower and i will never forget that
best mercy
It was the best show! Warsaw love you
Thank you! Love you
That episode was so brilliant!
My boy different class today
Proud of my little one
Awww Hadee thank you so much dear Love
Watching barbie movies while being sick with my mom
hoje dessa rainha
Granny Savana fucked with really hard stick
Thank you love you too!!!
Thank you! now waiting for my bouquet to be framed
2 years with my best friend, thank you for making me so happy
Pumpkin patch courtesy of Hearts of Valor!!
Tengo a las mejores amigas
Loaded up our delivery van with supplies to communities in need! Please come out and help in any way that you safely can
Beautiful lesson thank you.
Awww
Mais vai da td certo !
7lbs 7 ounces and 21 inches
Yay, sports!!!! so much more.
Wow Dr Who!
What a beautiful name! Congratulations,
Then only perfect person I Know and yes whole world knows him
Beloved prophet Muhammad
My first plant baby This is the first time bloomed and such a proud mama!
Join the club Messi
Growing up so fast!
Short true story
Every Kids First Hero is her Dad
You Have an Amazing Wonderful Dad
Make him Proud N us Too Dear
Happy
Proud of you !
Family over everything
IN HAND! FUNKO POP RED CHROME THANOS WALMART EXCLUSIVE NEW SAME DAY SHIP!
They won't see it coming
Happy Sunday instaFam Ibadan, Nigeria
Date with Me at
charlotte stokely milf teacher zombie girl fucked gay
Meu cheru
u
Good afternoon beautiful@TheBaileyRayne
Labbaik Labbaik, Labbaik Ya Hussain
.
.
.
.
yay!!! Congrats guys! You deserve it
Muhabbat ka sauda
Amazing content guys
Brilliant work
I miss you bro u go nowhere but i feel like that needed to be said
so sorry
Love love love! Vous top.
seems very accurate
Pastor brought a WORD today.. per usual
Tearing up at an episode of
Thanks baby girl! Love you and miss you hope you and baby are doing well
was just beautiful tonight
Is this real? It is beautiful.
Ameenha just made me laugh so hard My kid should think about comedy I laugh all the time lol she reminds me of
LOOK AT THIS BABESSSSSS
Peces payaso
You deserve the world
Love when I see peeps I know in pics!!
Dr Who
Valentine
This year you're mine ooooooooooss!
And you, whom will be yours?
I watched the first episode and it is heavenly!
my birthday
December umshado
Thank you
Thank you, D!
Please Retweet and Like
Make my dreams come true
Tkt on seras tjrs la
Thanks, I loved your poem
Happy 1st birthday to our special boy, Dudley, and his brother Ralph xxx Such a wonderful addition to our family
ME ENCANTA ESE PUTO SITIO.
Historia aparte
proud of you always
Finally saw a show featuring the Round Up. Looks like a fun place
Your feel good moment for the day - made my heart happy
Fantastic episode of Dr Who , wonderful history lesson, you made me cry Rosa Parks what a hero#Drwho
Thank you Jane
forget to vote
Marshmallow
BIRTHDAY DUCKY in October ! YES ! Happy man surrounded with thank you all for the
... with all that said nothing but good vibes and the purest for ya
That was utterly perfect speechless
trop le foot
Feliz
that's why i love Oly in Greece. first get well soon message is from you guys. thank you!
Family
We are supporting our king with Mohammad bin Salman .we trust them
when a nigga really love you he move different
Happy Birthday
Wishing you a coolest birthday Bro I wishes all your dreams come true
..
his hand? i hold that
his back? i got that
his wife? i am that
happy? they hate that
I know ur pain...we lost r pnut, r oldest chihuahua, recently...sendin u love n hugs
I love the new album
happpyyyyy Birthdayy
doing better now
Valentine
This year you're mine ayayebu!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Inter Milan to win
Hit if your on and wait for the boom
what were u guys gonna be called? ILYSM
make sure you get the refund!
from the whole family, seriously. We don't agree on everything, but this is a no-brainer. :-)
I love you
amazing episode! Well done
Thank you
I and Miss U Sasha So Much Illysm!!!
Hoje tem corinthians
I guess ready to be a dad
ELES LINDOS AAAA
Choupy
Naps make the world a better place
Ma
Who is someone you envy? No doubt, Blaire White (Sarson) & Joey Sarson
I cannot wait to see my girl On Friday!! I've missed her amazing energy being around me
Still my most favourite gif ever xx
online now! Link in bio
la FINAL fuese a VOTARIAS?
NATALIA
JULIA
dont force people to present something in class if they have anxiety
please fb too
I think I know who's gonna be my wife's sperm donor if I'm infertile
Maria Sol Perez
ediyor
I believe this with all my Makes me think of you
Love you
I have that!!!
I just these
Coffee is lub
Please Retweet and Like
Make my dreams come true
cousin
send pics
Que lindo domingo
My favorite song to sing to loudly in my car!
Yes We want to change the world. Do you want to join us ?
queremos cambiar el mundo. con nosotros
AMAZING ART HOPE HE SEES IT
Mas da
I am loving this season
Hep sanki o ablam
a goth really
Biiientot Londres ! Courage
Her twin beautiful family picture!
Love Herrera so fucking much
Get in my belly!! I somehow forgot to eat today. So I made a quick & easy SALTY favorite. I couldn't enjoy
I miss you more!!! You know always here
Thank u
Claro
Hi meli-tits be respectful, do not call her that. - your mother
Jooheon and Monsta X!
Thanks for the GA
RT LOOK, Darna!
I love Trey so much
Ah te creas, me jakiaron. Te amo bb
Yesterday was
em Shopping
Such an amazing episode of
Such a deep meaning with a lot to think about
I love my little family
This movie's EPIC ! !
So happy for them finally
i had to check too heh... glad
oWo hello brother
happy birthday love!
Hey I love you! no homo... wait if a girl is reading this then... no hetero? Fuck wait straight I say that. AHHHHHHH
With your love, your love, I'm better, better man
I am in such a good space . I'm happy. Thank you Lord
gooodnight ! thank u, i really enjoyed our first etad, bale hahahaha
So beautiful darling.
I will!!
the writing in this episode (and series!) of doctor who is so good there's so much heart in the character
I think it's time to re-watch Kung Fu Panda.
Sobre hojeee
Beautiful woman that
Love this
Patria Razem oczywiscie
Love
Pudim
thank you
Thank you! Ive subscribed to you too
oh my i love you!! thank you bud
Once Again Happy Birthday Little Angel anna pls convey my wish
Feliz dia jefa
Need we say anything More?
u count
Kermoso koala
Lmao it was tough decision but even though I gave up the taki taki atleast I have I Jesus
this is my first time to cry out of so much happiness. my heart is full
I was on the verge of tears by the end of - wow, very powerful episode!
I try and be a dig up old advocate but if you were tweeting some sus ass shit in 2011 saying
Ustedes son TODO, Feliz
Tomorrow night! Thanks to
ill send some your way when i get paid friday ilysm
So
And leave you with a smile.
R.i.p Nanny going to miss u lots but ur with grandad an dad flying like an angel in heaven
So Cuteee
What a beautiful episode
Thank God they have a day job.
Dm me please! My birthday is tomorrow and love it if send me a happy birthday message!!
Took a screenshot of that tweet
Ashton I love you
te amo
Oh my goodness what a cast
Bless that lady
incredible gala night! A beautiful set and some incredibly tight harmonies! Loved it! Thanks to
I love this picture of him
love you
Follow For More
thank you
happy birthday. Thank you for Meri Pyaari Bindu.
So heartbreaking seeing everyone affected in these floods keeping everyone in my prayers hope this weather
just a friendly reminder that there are girls who only into guys!
Your mom is the best! I'm so glad you inherited bubby's blankie.
CITY OF CHAMPIONS!! go
Tears never fell down my face this fast ..... forever
Vaya Con Dios - What's a Woman
Every girl needs her LONDON fix!!!! Spittalfields you have my and soul xxx Fashion at its finest spent with my faves xxx
Love this
Ahhh absolutely life changing! So excited for you be there, hopefully see you amidst the 50,000 people
Ga bisa merem kan jadinya
WE KUTX! Keep community radio alive! Austin, Texas
Today is mother's Day in Argentina! Feliz I my mom!
Worrrddd?!?! Is this what 2018 has done?
Love - laid out on a Sunday. Just for you. Thanks for the photo elleoveu!
Brinquinhos lindos saindo do forno!
M'y lover it's Mason
The weather is just right now I need the holidays to hurry & come
I know why I expect that to be so emotional l. come so far, so far still to go, you go Rosa
Tell that I said Happy Birthday and that I love her with all my
Fans give them money because they want to. Stop hating
Wait send you a dm about my idea
Haven't cried that much at a episode since Vincent and the Doctor amazing episode
Lots of lovely memories made, thanks you xx
Annual Saturn awards on June 22nd 2016 in Burbank
My sleepy, snuggly baby
A do
Both y'all are the bomb. Just sayin'.
Hit 6 million
Riley Halley... thank you so much for Bringing us hay to decorate for fall!!
We it !!! luv you
Beautiful episode of showing the amazing bravery and strength of Add in
Thanks much.
PB cups. yours?
N
Good, it's either servant Kirei or death for me.
You won't see me complaining
happiness
Wise words
Stumbled on a hott bed of action. Community am I right?! Glens Falls, New York
sm love for you
I love music bra everything
Love it! Way to roll Dogbert! Shout out to your loving human for being such a light in this world! Bless
I waste any time making sure my baby is good
Love u guys xD
AAAAAAAA EU TE AMO MUITO AMOR
empieza el show de
Rusky a.k.a Gizmo
Mahir
Sundays are for refueling your soul | thanks for the cool pic samauxier Columbus, Ohio
Jesucristo...
Doctor Who represented SO WELL. I actually cried one of the best episodes ever.
such an incredible episode of changed the
so glad was created
Love this one
Anyone with doubts about these 2 characters, THIS IS IT
For the second time! watching A Star is Born at AMC 16
DB5 for this kids
I hope having a good day today
You needed rest from the bullshit
I strive to be this level of "I don't give a fuck I'm just gonna head bang". He's so great
Empire you should've added Empire. Very important
Thank you so much
Congratulations babies!
Proud to be the one with the victory for the boys
Simply stunning episode of tonight
I love your performance
I had to work during the game today and my dad texted me every time we scored lol this is the support I need
Love Is Understanding We Have The Power To Hurt One Another But Going To Do Everything In Our Power To Make Sure We
Pollhans war echt lustig
Spending a Sunday with good company is what all about
Ahhhh yes down
My biggest blessing . My
I love you babe you know we locked in PERIOD
Queens HOCO Love being able to pick right back up where you left off with people you care
Hope you guys have a reunion Asap, god bless
Gates to heck.
HapPy wEdding aNniVersAry Lala & bhabhi my & fAntastiC c0upLe MA Shaa ALLAH
Te amo
Chica needs a sofa to call her own
Happy due date little man I believe a week ago today we were just going to the hospital for a NST and
eu amo mto
Well, what an episode of LOVED IT!
POMERODE, eu ainda vou morar
thank u thirteen thank u
The guy in this photo is my friends husband
In the middle of rural Oklahoma this happened
Next weekend Lap Dance
SOFIA NERI SALLY BLU LIANA WINTER
E Sabato 27 appuntamento con
Nikki is super excited to watch with
Merci ma Fred
naraid66
ngb#$gn#jizs
Ahhh yes down
Happy birthday kris! Continue what you do because it's amazing and you're amazing ! Take care of you!
Awww my heart! How thoughtful
LOVE U TOOOO
Love this we should all have dreams
I wake up to so much love on my phone dawg the greatest and the reason I start my day off feeling amazing & loved
Living and loving life
First Flight of My Spark
I had the best night San Diego, California
LOVE YOU!!!!
Joined as a designer
Thanks to
Looking forward to be working with everyone
Nope English come on Lewis
Go watch this beauty she deserves all the love
Good Morning San Francisco
So Good to be Home!
i love him so much, our little meow meow
My mommas making me chicken n noodles
An accurate representation of Lee Donghyuck aka Haechan
Me muero
Second looks good on you
Thank you, Christina
Any time!! And laughs aside I am serious!
Eu ja disse que te amo Steffany ?
Vamos de
look at him
was incredible tonight. Such an important story to keep telling because it will never not be vital to our history
Woow
Eu tiro esse wallpaper nunca mais !!!!
Meus
Emphasis on
Am I crying because of again? You bet
He is so f*****g sexy
guys he can literally do everything
Drop a "" if you love me.
Drop a "" if you like me .
Drop a "" if you have crush on me.
Drop a "" if you
A piece of my is on the way to OKC then FL! Will miss soooo much . Mornings be the same
I can say the same I wanted to spend more time with you, sorry I had to go
Yes yes, I can! Thank you so much welcome dear~
Love the pro dances so much
THE NOTEBOOK
was bloody brilliant tonight. Great story and great acting. I love this new Doctor so much
i wish i had a GORLfriend
I appreciate this mf so much
Thank you for reminding me
Enois
Let me tell your kundali dhongi baba .. you're Vicky so sweet and cute your second page is more
Let me know if you find a way. And all the best for it :) just stay healthy while you're at it
My pull request to () would be to change this to bar chart
Which songs would you to dance to, Nick? Tell us here!
Cardiac Health
reduces the risk of and general mortality by
please find Locksmith and give this info to him. Thanks
Allhamdollilah it was all Team Effort
***#CLIENTALERT*** released by is out now! Go COP the &
***#CLIENTALERT*** released by is out now! Go COP the &
I made it to the Top 5! Round 4 of the
Thank You everyone for
Glad to have you in the team. One of the best GFX Designers ive ever seen
Can' t believe you like this song!! Is one of my favourites songs in the world I LOVE THIS
Hallo Bolzano you soooo much you are my Inspiration I from Germany and it was
***#CLIENTALERT*** released by is out now! Go COP the &
You do have very pretty eyes
YES!!!!! Eeh
shout to for reminding me i deserve better last night
Happy birthday bitchh
Warm Sunday Story...
Netflix plz let me watch Fast Five
Nice one my loves
It is a little scary having a cat call you out!
Stunning as you always do
Favorite
But try to be happy girl
i love you
Watch the latest episode of Matalan the show now
Happy Sunday Funday mother fuckers.
I love you so so much
Wish I could be there! Have fun guys
Aaayyyy! Happy birfday Paul!
*legit funny tweet*
4 9
Tweet where the punchline is
"H3y guys
Im err depressed and I wan 2 KMS lamofl"
19.6K 978K
Fucking awesome memories in life YOLO
Hi George you know I love you so much
Please if you can follow me
Love you so much xx
Oh damn. Waverley in a cheerleader outfit. And then Wynonna says that and I go oh damn? S2E3 'Wynonna
stay safe G. Always
As you wish , you've got my permission boy
They are damn wrong
You are the youngest pulsar ever
Thank you for taking the time to sign today. So special
I love seeing all my friends happy
My little Princess was the perfect flower girl
Noodles, you're so lucky I'm so glad your well, happy and have such a loving family
Ah, such a lovely interview. Thanks for sharing
=
No matter what they do
What they say
Never close your heart
Thank you Ji and Ji for excellent movie watched the movie with my
follow me pls
Happy Birthday Keeks! Miss you.
friend4life
Whatever her name, she's a beauty. Keep us posted!
I will post a long text about what happened and how i felt yesterday at the x Factor when I'm back home. Loads of love
Doing a study on this in uni, if anyone would like to do the survey, please click here:
Sos en
This queen is being spoopy on her stream come watch and say hi
George love you so much
Loyalty over everything
One of them days when I wished I still lived with my mama when feeling so fed up n pissed off. So what
Welcome to the best home ever Red! well done Sue
Bike life
wait for more of this
HELLO & THANK U 4 the & & follows!
thank you sissy love you too
Nothing better than fresh bedding
Correct woman
I actually love me besties and me family more than anything in the world just all too preciousx
also [laughs] that i dont have many emojis on my phone so i am resigned to use to make up for the fact i cant use a black heart for
I love u forever my boy so fucking proud of you
They are actually quite good
And George Saunders for the win!
I like keeping lots of stuff that inspires me around my work area!! bright colors make me happy
so happy that jake went to a I wish he came to my quince last year
Just watched my first ever and I bloody loved it
Go follow me, and
Te
Saved this baby from the dump today
Happy birthday to my friend since kindergarten hope you have an amazing birthday miss you!!
I back him With no doubt
Wooooo
Mi.amor
I love you
Such a Beauty
Your father can be proud to have a talented son who sacrifices himself for his work.
Wow
Real love from Dallas Texas
Wow Doctor Who today was AMAZING. Rosa Parks was an amazing woman.
So beautifully done!
Graziano giving the buns out and not being trusted with any actual choreography
Anticipating for Stew... Can't wait for it to stain my white simifrom d east
True love
hugtto 37
Stay forever and lead us through...
GOP and Dems LOVE Obamacare= pre existing conditions clause, kids stay on parents ins. plan til 26.
R.I.P. to my princess
I JER LIGE MEGET SOM
VI TIL AT SE DE HER TO BOIS IGEN?
________________
Al
The word Fuckabee is enough of a clue as to what you said
Exactly
So hot & beautiful
so my boo met my entire family last night , ughh in love
Team Quality.
I appreciate your admiration honestly
Hauauau
Thank you sticking up for him. lucky to have you, and right,
I know really rocking w me and all that matters.
Sadly... but you can save children
Thank you love
ABLAM BENIMLE GURUR DUYDU
I dress tonight
Kingdom Hearts
You will have to go through us first. ..
I need this on a shirt. to
Lunch with my baby girl feeling eating coconut shrimp at Fish Camp & Grill
The puppies were so happy to see Tommy home again! Nadia wouldn't stop howling
..
..
Another milestone with my man I love you, chocolate dzaddy to many more amazing moments & milestones
thank u
Valentine
This year you're mine 1x_muyah!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
My day was so freaking effed up ever since i started work today I swear till just now. Thank you for always
Ne thorns?!
You are a beautiful rose.
Happy Sunday. You are loved.
So many beautiful pinays! I honestly think Kumare Culture was going to get this far. I thought it
60 books! Gift to self
excelente noche me encanto que vengan muchos mas
I just requested to follow you!! are the cutest omg
My Aunt is cooking me dinner before I leave and I be more excited
love your tag. Sloppy Joe has got to go.
My home away from home
This.
Girl dont be so silly thank you gorg xxx
You really are I want friends like that
too
Ifb Thank you
Within it
Yaaaas NO.1 youtuber in the country!!! You better show TF
Ahh say hi to it for me
Whatever is going on, stay strong
When did you realize you were in love with queen
You're so right, it's always just "see you later!" Thank you SO much!
and Kid Gil are here, waiting for ya
Always
Please, kill yourself, and know that you as human, are loved and cared for!
Bye ching chang chong stan
Ano prefer mo? Loyal or Faithful? faithful!!! Lord, alam mo yan lagi kong wish sayo hehe.
Wet like a dogs I hold my finger up they sniff it
We Are CSKA
I love u so much more than u
20180728 Hong Kong V-live
These two
Update: my little puppyboy is by me safe and sound and eating a hot yummy lunch in a warm, dry, cozy house
+3
back
Watching
52 years today, so tragic
Awesome episode of
Valentine
This year you're mine fun_popa!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
The purest form of love unconditional and alway true.
.
.
.
Brother + Sister
It's okay! You're good!
Enu kehnde Packet teh Wadda
To Know more about 10 yrs old tune in
Guys with bomb smelling cologne have my heart
Yes
To the first boyband I knew and loved... Thank you!
Amen brother
Know we there
Monsta X!
Thanks for the GA
watching Inter Milan vs AC Milan
thank you!
my baby, i miss you
Thank you much appreciated
travel the world with me
Ilysm you inspire me everyday and your voice is beautiful. Ily
Let's do it in our imagination then
Just wanted to say a huge congratulations to my parents for finally getting married btw my girl and I looked
Mimosas and brunch
Hope you had a good nap it takes it out of you bro for sure
Mis amigos fieles
Everybody wants to steal my posts but nobody wants to steal my heart
Cruelty free makeup I would repurchase
Nothing more powerful to charge your batteries than time with your friends Love you Paillettes (and I have a
Have : Jimin S card , Jhope O card
Want : Jimin , any era
Location : Brooklyn , NY
WWT : No
loving this new series - even shed a tear or two - Rosa, what a woman
Thanks, Francine
Haye
wanna sound like a cupcake but i miss her so much
Goals with the loml
Like slime
Follow everyone who LIKES & RETWEETS this
On cache son jeu hein
not to be nsfw but i love all my trans mutuals and you're all so valid and please never stop being your bright, beautiful selves
thank you love
Quite productive todayyy! Thank you,
West Texas tomorrow
Guess where I am sleeping tonight
.
Like & Comment below!
.
Tag
Had the best weekend
Hopeing my next baby will be a boy , that way my man can have a jr. . After a year off birth control my
Need me this book
Men svarta faran
so blessed!!!!!
in NY wearing sweater from his collection thank you for supporting him
Thread of 16-10-18 till 18-10-18 in Glasgow
8.First A.C.E Bias
Sehyoon
Thank you!
Really really really love 's dress on Gorgeous!
having Yoko sing to me
thank you so much it would mean the world to me if you picked me daddy
Sorry to hear this Jag. My thoughts are with you and the family
Always. And forever. Family.
Please do, determined next year to go to more than one concert. loved you ever single year!
Watch me speak from my heart
When it comes to you
Thank you jeds!!! Will read it later. Godbless you too! Love you
Good night
Sweet Dreams
Take care of your self
Mirenle esa sonrisa
Don't cry- Guns N' Roses
3 /M
go watch a film keda
My keyboard loves me
Fabiana & Paula -
Paula -
Brahms - Hungarian Dance No. 11
Poco
Awww thank you for the positive vibes PIL
so much love
Thanks deano
BOA TARDE
My wife spoils me so damn much. such a blessing, gifts or not. very lucky to have her put up with me.
Life is good when you make it good.
UK boys literally own track suits swag but anyhow. catch feelings Na tweet
so fucking proud of you even thought i did know this before, still so proud. i love
Mini churros
cause it's been another perfect day with ya wanna lay with ya spend the night with ya then spend my life with ya, alright
And massive to the staff at their Eat Street location. to Joe and to Madison. They (and
Make-up and Hair by Crisam Professional Make-up Academy
Giornata Fantastica con Modelle e Abiti favolosi
It's getting there though. One step at a time
I love so much
Finally got the new - Prayer track from Amazon What a production, outstanding vocals One of the best tracks in 2018 for me
I miss church so much mainly I miss my church family
You rock Sass
Thank you ca!!! Love you. See you soon.
cry because over smile because it
It takes a village... Yesterday, I had the honor of creating and facilitating a coming of age ceremony for a
Fast cars & freedom
Happy Birthday
HAPPY BDAYYYY PARI!! hope youre having an amazing day! Thankyou always for all the love you give
Get well soon.
..now finally in the one I have to
amo muito
Bloody love this......... could watch it over and over again
Today just one of those days , called my dad to vent
h&m and forever 21
la FINAL fuese a VOTARIAS?
Famous
Alba
Wise words I think hard in life these days because we have so many options xxx
| Shawn saying hi to our co-owner, Maha today!
Oct. 21, 2018
OLHA QUE SORRISINHO MAIS LINDO...
wait to see you guys performing on x factor again tonight! good luck
TATAKLizQuen: RT KapamilyaTFC: LOOK, Darna!
Ok bro Good Night ..Bye
My person
Amo demais este gajo!
Lmao, thank you darling
Love you too bro
S/o to ALLLL my i hope everyone is doing well in this life i miss you all!
5 days until and 40 days til I see so proud and excited for you
It Hurt Just To See What We Can Be So Come See About Me
love youu, thanks for a great day
Anything for my bestfriend
Happy Birthday to One Of My Favorite Comedians EastSideIvo
Once again repeat is underrated where are so I can you Twitter
Ta photo insta mais wow
TATAKLizQuen: RT iwant: LOVE IS A GAME OF CHANCES Watch 'JUST THE WAY YOU ARE' starring lizasoberano and
Bless you guys!!! Thank god everything ended up ok!! Good luck with the moving hassle and rest well
ang peaceful ng 3am e
Come back working with miley pls
Still going strong Get my vids for a discounted price
Brockhampton x NCT collab
Thank you for the good vibes trying my best to get back to normal
Love
My heart
Awwww
I am 110% okay with that.
And I definitely miss you more
This family of kings
We enjoyed watching you . Ant wait till next season. Congratulations
Always much love xoxo
Superbe encore bon anniv
Anytime, love
Hi you're really cute hope you have a great day Thank you so much I hope who ever wrote this is having
COMMUNITY DAY
Mi mas :D
RT & LIKE
Mis hermanos
scoooooby!
"There is NO real security, but for the willingness to be insecure."
sag and pisces
Buying someone Chick-fil-A for breakfast is a different kind of love
Gorgeous. beautiful souls.
Te amo meu amor
happpy 18th my I love you endlessly and forever
Well that was absolutely bloody brilliant, if not iconic! Well done to everyone on the production of it
Breaking hearts since
Owl city
On t'aime trop tk
Had a fab weekend walking, escaping, and catching up with friends from uni
hope you are both well x
two years ago today! How things have changed Now we are to our gorgeous girls wait
Happy birthday Jo
Outstanding episode
Here's a thread of Shownu, Jooheon and Kihyun being super cute and adorable to celebrate the birthday of the lovely
Wishing you many many happy returns of the day Happiest birthday (rock star) God bless you
Jimin
Oh ... we have to be very, very careful
I think my favorite color is red
Oh mon petit chat je trop trop fort
im loving that
Love going on adventures with you
Te amo
Yes absolutely
You will love, pray before you sleep.
Happy birthday Kimmy, I love you so much
ADD ME HELLO GIRL LETS TALK
The era of Great Goalkeepers!
Hino
good with it
The weeknd estuvo wow
you did amazing, were so proud
My cute baby!!
Feelings ah?
Na iruken la I'll be there for you
Back in my arms
Pumpkin Pie Pop Tarts -
or RT!
Feelings ah?
Na iruken la I'll be there for you
thank you sweetie
G'night all!
Lowriders
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Ashley!
yes please this is awesome
In coming! eduardovega1608
fri (end)
girlfri (end)
boyfri (end)
bestfri (end)
everything ends with a end except for family .
fam (ily) .
I love you
1. I love you
2. You matter
3. Don't allow anyone to dull your sparkle
In fact I think that was one of the finest episodes of ever. And been watching it since I was 4 years old. I this show.
Super woman.
KKK
Amigo desse bico
Sweet cousins! imperfectlyolivia hollywood152
I'm a tittie baby
You are always welcome in all aspects of my life
Home is where the dog is.
Salamti ho
Proud of you guys
so blessed to have in my life she honestly knows how to make me feel better in any type of situation
KINKIEST QUEEN
DTF Only
Mature Content Only
Partners Must Be 21+
Description Is A Must
Very
I know what is going on but everything will be ok
Anything for my bestfriend
You were amazing Alfonso!! We'd love to have you back again
Bellyache and wtpo
Thank you, Katie! excited about it!!
you two
Just saw this hahah, love you
Cabane de , , The Ranch , Rodizio , Half Time , Biggy et surtout le Oslo
me amo
Going to church with your significant other is really the best
Who are you in the dark?
Hold tight Mamas xx
Im claiming that im going to meet one day
thanks for visiting our church today. Great testimony
Glad back home!
Please Retweet and Like
Make my dreams come true
Harold, you son of a bitch.
POR FAVOR RT INFINITO, MIS PEAKY
Can you come to Brazil please? waiting for you
HI BROOOOO CALL ME 8098885564
IrishWolf17, Thanks for the follow and please feel free to RT and our pictures.
your arms feel more like home than any house ever did
The Cambraco
Good memories with great people
Rapids Bowling Center
Happy belated birthday to one of zi best, after all this time truly a remarkable
Yes,
of a Champion.
I you in the rain
rocky swag
Absolutamente ..
Thanks
LOVE reading these testimonies...
Lacy Garza
June 2
Reposting my original testimonial Since this time I
Handsome Nadech ..
.
.
.
Seko bello quel sorriso
your avi is cute
Thank you all
yep you did that with Suncity
Vocals, rhythm and all
Best physique subtitle
Shop w my nigga I never cheat on my plug! He bless and that mf smoke!!
LOVE THIS!My sister has a that could use a friend like this!
love
numbers speak for themselves. Keep doing you posty
You can always rely on
the LONGGGGGG wait is so worth it
How sweet of them
Well played well played.
Happy birthday Ak love you man hope 19 treats you well
Mummy loves you! I'm popping a letter in the post for you today. Keep an eye out for it.
Thank you
I LOVE YOU GUYS
Meus amores
Weekend New Arrivals are so good!
Fast & Free Shipping from Florida!
We give back to amazing charities!
Love it! Therapy is a great thing!
Oh my God!!!... he's perfect!
love you so much. amazing
I love you to the moon and back 10x
I miss her. Happy Birthday, Princess.
Happy birthday to this absolute roaster hope having the best bday! Love you
the cutest ever
Se ve tan bonit@
lmao i love you baby, hope you had a great time!
Monster Hunter Kamui.
Wow. I knew I loved these guys.
Remember ALL we do is for our children's benefit and success!
I love uuuu lil cous all grown up
so happy that went to a fans and made her happy I wish he came to my quince
Valentine
This year you're mine 0iicn!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
I'd so so love to see Darth Vader actually use the Force choke hold move on Donald Trump!!
you like
Agreed! Awooo Doctor good again!! So exciting
we stan this friendship
Check this
Tootsie
is the results show live this week
Happy birthday Princess
yes please this is awesome
My friend Kara is the real life Snow White
Another ass you cannot ignore by with pussy
Proud of you son
Oh, man. The replies are everything.
Happy birthday best leader in the world! Thank you for your never ending hardwork. We love you so much
First time I hear this from a man ... I would love to see more of this everywhere! ...
That's Grammy and me we have been listening chloe
Looove it!!!! so happy for you
UNEXPECTED
Thank you
I'm listening to " Love You Anymore-Michael ". Let's enjoy music on JOOX! (#JOOX)
Una A de = AMOR
I need to welcome myself in Chinese historical drama again. I'm happy
Valentine
This year you're mine oViniie!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Pumpkin carving with my little shadow.
I back him With no doubt
never worthy of his grace but God is still good
That's my girl
This is a mood but hello
I'm just so proud of you
it's me u don't have to know me now
anyways I love you
i know that I won't gain anything now but it's just
yes please this is awesome
you were wonderful as Rosa Parks Hugely moved by the episode & by your performance.
sleep well
A sunday in october ...
love you bud. Appreciate you!
Motions has me in my feelings thanks to you
that ending give me tears
I agree & I happen to think you are an amazing person
Your heart
Le domeniche quelle belle
Lol. Since 100% sais "post it, dagnabbit!", the teaser is on my blog
It was the last one! Very lucky find my favorite
Congratulations boiii!! Breathe it all in and enjoy. You deserve it!
crying already are you joking? love you so much
Your tail is so cute!
coming home was the best decision I have ever made
Got my copy today thanks to this sweet soul just helped me out with a copy. I wait to
chanice x
Ma famille La base
My God so Good at Midwest City
My Grandson Chris showing his commitment to his school and special causes
thank you but it just gets very annoying sometimes sigh
anything dealing with L.A. means like 100 times more
food portions?
traffic ?
people?
to live and die in L.A.
So far U approved a few things from me privately TT Thank you teacher
Thesis - ENG & CHN
Edited Google
3. with :)
This! My wife and I got married in a farmhouse on the moor. In front of
today was such a good day with lovely little servants
yes please this is awesome
Sorry but seeing my babies with my other babies today just makes my heart happy
ya just have to kill them with kindness
Hand painted goodies make the perfect little gift Clare V.
Nothing but love for you, from this Buckeye fan.
Snapchat - BlushSnaps
That'll be my mama because Yogesh is a broooo
No hate
Thank you so much
No It's Last Gift of love
Yo soy Diplo con mis amistades
never watched before this season but this episode was so brilliant. Sharing it with my daughter too even better
This is 's story. Ask her to provide you for a link.
Amazing episode tonight. Had tears in my eyes. Thankyou!
Oh Florence, magical Florence It was so easy to fall in love with you
De ontem
I found it today!
Yes and yes!
welcome to another dark era
Those crisp fall mornings . forget to take time to watch the leaves turn! The trees are about to show us
Gracias Dios.
You are too kind!
Thanks baby
is now live
happy birthday lil cousin .
Thanks! I hate it
Fancy
Sterkte!
Feel better Gilly!
Love you too
It comes with the number
I love you and so sorry for you and also angry that you and over a million other Americans have to go through this
remarkable what technology and medicine can do together fully suggest you watch this!!
Thanks very much dear Isa
The final scene of Pedro Alonso "Berlin" was such an amazing scene He acts his character like a professional
I love you too
My life
donnakory, dickkory? kory stans are truly winning
Love the idea
I'm going to frame this episode in my mind forever
You're very sweet, thank you so much
I mean, I get you. Isak and Even were just the cutest but falling in love with Martino and as well
Lol yeah I figured that you see it but just in case we had to clarify
Thanks, g!! Have a great day!
In Mexico I want to see this Miss you on the podium!
Thank you boo!!! I love you to pieces and so lucky to have you
Thank you in advance
Wow I was finally starting to feel better and not as nauseous and now I have a head cold. I love life
This.
Valentine
This year you're mine syxbhcr!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
More dogs
Shruuuu very straight forward Harry Potter fan then yudkbh then stumbled across bts
And is now
Happy Birthday!
Ok so my is rekt. What do I do? Turn on Ron White. Right out of the gate, he has me thinking baby duck pussy
7lbs 21 inches
You mean the most to me
022- por sorte, amigas por escolha. Always have your back
Eating make me Happy Period !!!
Paramount, Long Beach, Bellflower, Compton ; Show some love
I love you, you deserve the best
for the game
Last night celebrating Chris and wedding!
sorry I hope everything is okay.
ofc it's me...so thank you
Need more of this in my life
My baby dm x35
This Guy!
I feel like this is me and the group of awesome people who always like all my tweets. ARE THE REAL
Love it!
go support my girl & listen to her new singlelisten on itunes, spotify,
Vinette Robinson was incredible as Rosa Parks!
With my honeybee celebrating her engagement
Menina de
-a Carat
feliz a la mejor
This energy
These girls can borrow my flannel anytime (26 Photos)
Lifetime of memories that nobody can take away. Stay Friends Forever
two cuties
I love u
EMOCJE W TEJ
THANK YOU!!!!!
Arroz con leche.
hey queen.. describes Carol and Daryl in 3 words
Thank you Melinda though we are kind of new old friends! Have a beautiful weekend.
Best Friend Taking Me On A Play Date Today
Have a wonderful day everyone
Seeing the person I love Happy
Halsey highkey likes
Yesterday was so awesome my birthdays be so dope one way or another
Amazing epsiode tonight
Love and heartbroken in the same time. you deserve all the happiness.
I saw a lady wearing a fly eagles fly shirt today and I thought of you
Sure sure
I work at medeor hospital and the coaches there were our staff Elisa and Jen
you beauty
i have feelings for always
You too.
Love you moooore
Thank you so much
Dona de todo o meu amor
Happy bday angel you deserve everything
ithink this will be mymood changer for todayyy
HAPPY BIRTHDAY CRAZY GIRL!!! Miss you hope your day is GREAT!
500.000
Unboxholics!
94
I miss myself more then anybody
toda nuestra fuerza al tits
And now she even look like she has no babies
Girl!!! You are so talented you totally could! Thank you love that means so much
EU AMO TANTO ESSE FILME QUE NEM SEI
Really really just want to be at home with my harriet
Haha. You can't read tone in a tweet. I do that all the time.
DO It you COWARD.
O MY TARDIS, what a brilliant episode that was
I want one
I this!!!!
If missing baseball today give this a listen! Loved it! My takeaways...
Love
Soon as outta church me & my hunnie cuddling & drinking hot chocolate & Netflix
Well, I'm not gonna watch next week's ep bc I'm terrified of spiders but Doctor Who is deffo gonna remain in my life
Last night ...
Bat and the Hat and his Queen.. Cleopatra
Bonsoir
yes please this is awesome
You are very welcome baby! I love you so so much! and I miss you too, I hope your senior year is amazing
CMS to reconsider reimbursement for ambulatory BP monitoring please!
Maya Stepper is German for ridiculously good looking (26 Photos)
precious_luhan, you gonna be miss
Well said Ricky,I agree.Such a moving photo
Shoutout all my supporters worldwide always love and respect to the people who really rock with me
tudo por essa menina
Awwwww may he rest in peace
I'm sorry for your loss
wait
E L I Z D A M A M S ! Las del Rugby, esas guardianes incondicionales.
Fuente
What a brilliant episode of tonight really enjoyed that one
OH MY GOSH! Even as dogs we are so fucking cute. See you soooooon
Thank you Jesus. Serving you is a grace and an honor. None of this would have been possible without you.
Thank you
Listening to with storme was the highlight of my trip to deer camp
Happy Birthday
nothing beats sleeping next to my girlfriend and then spending the day together
Family time Red Wagon Farm
Baby's hair
Haters will not keep me down. Like this for a kiss from your favorite plant goddess.
The one she did for FIFA World Cup
I love my religion
M.A
[FOTO ] 181019 LYS tour in Paris
Es todo un
NunaV || Mon
Nice picture miss you so much
come to Brazil we need u here!
you were amazing as rosa
Thank you beautiful
missing my best mate so bad
Yes! Proud of you, Alan!
Her voice gives me peace
How scary! Glad they are OK!
Yes it was
So excited!!
Merci mes fans
PULIS at its best
Thank you, hugs are always welcome.
Me! November love from Philippines! hope to see you when you get
af que casais
Ziko khuya . Lahafdek
The X Factor is on in a few minutes! Tune in now to support the boys
So many scientific young minds!!!! these guys!!! Keep working because everything is possible!!!!
What the hell? This chick can play with my clit any day.
Omg... they are.
Countdown To First Practice
:2 DAYS
Sophomore Midfield : Munford
Pleasure honey
this young lady!!! Keep up the good work, and follow those dreams!!!!
I love you so much, Suzuka Nakamoto.
No one and nothing will ever make me give up on you.
Wonderful story
i u k a y
Thor, God of my heart
so in love with this guy soooooo crazy. He really is my everything
Love
Choose Life
would rather light candles than curse the darkness and her glow has warmed the
- Adlai E. Stevenson
Happy Sunday!!! Nothing like some good ol praise and worship!!! One of the best to EVER do it,
fb
Sext
You will always have my heart.
They got this
Lully boy
The must be so happy after separated for a long time my Nine's heart is burtsting with joy and happiness
Thanks babe
Just brilliant. So moving. Fab
One last Hugo for the road. Love you Hanggang sa muli.
I U
are for making a murderer and naps
Sonrie toda la vida
I can't wait to meet you one day!
Do you want a sexy real girl?
She is here >>>
Wow! Lexi Rainz is looking so stylish and gorgeous.
Fuck! I believe going to World Series in Boston tomorrow
naraid66
tuww@kpdlb%q
it just? Doctor good again! so excited
So looking forward to and tonight, Amazing Dramas full of stunning performances
Community
We are running low on donor breast milk. Any amount you can donate is appreciated
thank u
...
THANK YOU BABY
I love you, hope ok. message me if you need to
Sure and thank you
i just love so much
Watching again for like the 3rd time this Thread made it even more awesome this time around
Mainz
Snap me no dick pics, no weirds, no
A true remy... MWAH experience omg
Loved loved loved Dr Who tonight so powerful
well deserved andi !
We had a heart to heart this morning. He never leaving me and not leaving him . So any bitch waiting on
No. But I got one
Great article! you are amazing!
amazing.. I love it
I will never end to miss him. He took my heart
ily
Thanks for the nice gesture with
Hummm ce Hey a tous
Valentine
This year you're mine hbjjychd!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Thank you
Naw, you are so cute
How is your daughter doing? This is such a wonderful thing to keep her going at times
Awww this is so cute
Amsterdam booked with my favourite person
Orchard Fun: apple picking, apple dumplings, wine tasting, purchase of an apple wine, and apple pear chai butter.
This is beautiful
When Kid n Play are on the it's 2 Hype
Turn on my notifications
2 mins
OMG!Can't believe I won ! Thank you Walton team ! keep doing the great work.
i love you for everything you are and everything you stand up for, Jameela thank you for being a
i love you!!!! thank you and here's to many more adventures with my best friend
"See? Brains beat bullets."
Meus amores
BU
Calling all Got7 fans!! Prepare yourself for the boys and their concert this Wednesday with their face masks!
tb te amo
Already do that champ!! I wanna see more visuals from the great Kashis
Awww thank you love
FORZA
Games of Thrones
Mother of Dragons
React love only
Fuck! I believe going to game 1 of the World Series on Tuesday in Boston
sorry for your loss, but so lovely that your girl talks about and remembers her brother
Honey that's really sweet and I appreciate it but I'm okay thank you
I bet she is I can't wait to be able to read it think I'll need to stock up on tissues too xx
So Strictly... my top 3...
1. of course! Making YouTubers and fans proud
2. coz
LMFAOOO gone now. love you sis. thank you
we are!!! thank u boo
Just want to say well done to an absolutely beautiful and amazing episode.
Nothing makes me happier than seeing my dad find time for the things he loves again.
Dutch glory!! I like it!!
the is dog is me beautiful
Lord I pray this into existence when I get married
Plenty to go around dw
Thankyou so much. You are too kind.
I have the greatest friends ever that is all thank u.
THANK UUU !!! appreciate it.
He is so soft and gentle James new boy
So sorry at this news, R.I.P. Nigel Thoughts with all family and friends x
yes please this is awesome
You deserve it big brother
so so happy for you.
I know got my back like my boyfriend and so grateful
Alex in a dinosaur costume seriously makes my day
make sure you at the next one bro
omg...cutest cutest !
heart is now overflowing with luv and happiness
My babygirl
Yes yes yes, can't wait
Oh i always find time for my rex
leg piece, chest piece
2:59 and I love you
All the best tomorrow
Happiness
Una gran noche en Hello Dolly...
Oh I definitely understand that, that's so important that you spend a lot of time with them as possible
I am.
Everyone needs to have a in their life
I think that she is 10lbs and 21inches ps...congratulations on your new baby! I'm so exited to see the video on
So sorry for your loss
found some photos
Best of luck for tonight!
Haha more then welcome, tell liam that ! absolutely perfect
" sometimes we need to live for every moment and be carefree "
not as beautiful as you
Family hike day diamondback34 Warm Springs Golf Course Boise Idaho
Can pen so more episodes of ?
Thank you so much for tonight!
Aaauwwwww a favourite from College days...More than Words.
Yep... I but just seems like overwhelmed in all phases. Nothing going for us
TE AMAMOS
Always!
Look at the sky. Someone is looking at it and thinking of you
Do you want a sexy real girl?
She is here >>>
Is there anything better when the nights start to get cold than homemade ham and lentil broth and loooooooaads
Mom!
Awwwwwwww I love you so much twin sister
I have not been a joy to be around today. Send
Lmao!! Never seen this pic before!! such a cutie
Ich liebe es einfach.
Thank you.
Happy Birthday Mom! I love you!
par sur love this song
it let me post the whole video but the fair did us good
Stunning episode of Doctor Who. Brilliantly written, gloriously performed, gorgeous to look at. Amazing. Stunning.
Well a woman can be no better than you ..shit
Look at my baby girl Sayaka Miki with her pumpkin.
at work til 11 otherwise definitely would be there
Yass girl
It's the pairing we deserve.
ugh i miss you sm honey thank you sm!!
My pleasure.
goodnight mybae ; ash
my name is Troy, nice to meet
Lewd/non
Literate and detailed
No ships
Bi(fem lean)
Mostly dom
and ?
Reema and Adam are like the cutest
Chuvinha Maravilhosa
This warmed my heart
The best birthday gift
18)
here for you girl even if it is just to talk
Yes you do honey
amazing
My favourite
So glad I've got you baby
When the sun goes down and the band won't play, I always remember us this way
be wandering the floor today at if anyone was looking for me yesterday
thank you baby
Valentine
This year you're mine tardisss!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Your very welcome fight for all the children as well, every speck of them.! they
was going to go because of you but then be home on those dates! We can have a Simi concert at home
Oh yeah good old days
a beautiful day today in Albuquerque for the Best Buddies Friendship Walk attending
S/O to the crazy people that delete you and re-add you on social media. You all make me feel a lot better about myself
Sometimes walking away, is facing the problem my dear
I have no idea How on earth you get cuuuter and cuter
Sometimes I may say to much but when your is full it just comes out... I am a newbie to Twitter
Miss you too! Hit me up sometime
I'm so proud of you, you really are an amazing human and such a respectful perfect man!
inside that counts hun
Some hearts
understand each other
even in silence
Happy birthday Bhai ke jaan , Many Many happy returns of the Day Behna Buhot intezar karwaya ha Daffar Koji
This tweet, "RT yoonginietyy: [ BTS 4th MUSTER ]
WW
6 WINNERS
[ RULES ]
RT &amp; LIKE TO ENTER
There's always that one person , the second you hear they're name your heart drops .
When God's Got Your back,
Blessings Are Forever Your portion
gets a Car Gift.
Boa sorte,
Aww, these two!
and three quarters of the kids playing you spot the toy
Vidinhas
Ben de cevap veremedim ya sen?
Love!
Valentine
This year you're mine AliSa_mya!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
miss you too
eclipse
thanks sis!!
This tweet, "RT ItsRooniKz: Fav = Origin Account (OP creo :v)
+1 Ganador
Nothing better than the love of a have you got a Chica size space on your sofa?? You regret it
Absolutely perfect
My wee shadow
Though We Want Love Alone Love Is Never Alone By
Wearing our favorite in available in both gel + lacquer
Rt Follow everyon who rt's Follow me I immediately follow back The 1D fam is beautiful
Does the improve the view? Which do you prefer? RT for the MX-5, for without.
My babes miss you both!
Watch
on
Offline? Hit the button ' follow'
I put my beautiful granddaughter to sleep
She makes my sing ..Aubrey MCKAY
Do you want a sexy real girl?
She is here >>>
Plumeria, Brahminy Blind Snake, Huntsman (Cane) Spider
Rt Follow everyon who rt's Follow me I immediately follow back The 1D fam is beautiful
You have chosen the right time to get on board. The new doctor is really good
Well, dear I want you to know that my whole life is offered to you not only time their are
Happy birthday Kimmy
HELL YES. You are awesome. Pass it on.
Summer Walker on repeat on this self care Sunday
Fr, I appreciate the few people who were there when I was going through it, love
Sis. tryna be like you
Mamis, las queremos mucho a todas
SKAM
girls rocked the Girls in Leadership STEM Summit Friday!! I was one proud counselor! Thank
RK
Tristyn loves visitors especially when it's Miss Jamie and The Smith Kids...... Had fun playing UNO Connect
My beautiful little! I hope you are SO excited for reveal I know I am only 6 days until no longer a
Did you watch on TV?
Beautiful Boy. He is your blessing.
As I told you I'm ready
such a powerful episode of and a brilliant way of educating younger generations
This tweet, "RT dyo4lifeu: KARENA MALAM INI BENER DAPET TEASER OT9 JUGA!!!! GUE GIVEAWAY PULSA BUAT 2 ORANG
happy birthday henny miss you !!
Beautiful
i love you
|| Update ||
Grant on set of the crossover Episode
Thank you
bb
Dekhna . Best show
We met in line at PAX in 2012, waiting to play Dominion. Six years later, we're still close af.
Thank you
Que les digo
Loved it a very emotional episode and a wonderful tribute to Rosa Parks
love love love the latest episode of comedic genius with a heart we need more content like
Happy 3 Dozen The end of your Middle 30s and an all around good place to be!
Midnight in Paris
Everytime tweets I get so happy because I know how much it means to her she deserves that
Hope Mila is getting better Nick.
Good with FUT Champs, those 4-5 hours may feel like 10.
I love to but I baby
I SAID HEY HEY HEYA HEY going
I SAID HEY going on
You have to be special for God to bring you home to be with Him on Christmas
i have the best boyfriend thank god everyday for blessing me with someone like him
Madame Sher - Influencers
arrasando com corset Madame Sher!
Your impact will be remembered in these streets for a long time. Thank you for all the laughs!
Ms. Dream Girl
Red on red is my fave
Guys going to have postpone stream. I just need a good family day to get me out of my funk today
See you guys tomorrow night!
Love ya, enjoy yourselves
Learning to let go
Nos Matos mesmo hihi
Extra special I should say
Proud of you, see you in bham
Omg that rehearsal video of SPA is so lit
Thank you so much for sharing it
Captain for a reason
Los valoramos mucho
going to travel all the way from Finland to see you in Oslo. I wait
currently 49F outside at my soccer game. my boy, but rather be
Congratulations to the Most Beautiful Couple
|| Update ||
Grant on set of the crossover Episode
My home
Finally have my all girls
Omg love who was on camera,???
Missing you so muchhhh
Te amo
Just saw I got a 95 on a test I thought I was going to fail.... WOW!
Can't wait!
Loufactor is on!!!! enjoy it babes let's keep our fingers crossed for Louis' lads!!
Thanks man!
Balayya about NTR - Na Tarak Chivarlo Anna smile Antis now start
We belong together Disney California Adventure Park
my cashapp tag is $carmenjaden if you feel so inclined to help me out. No pressure... just posting since I was asked.
Omg they so cute bestie goals
Living legends
Pretin desse
Hotttt mirrorshot! Add to Snapchat - BlushSnaps.
I teared up in hurt yourself like 4 or 5 times, it spoke to me so much and really made my day
Hey to all my TeamPwnage_Live is now streaming Star Wars Battlefront II stop by and show some
I it... the post and actuality of the comment! Screw Fantasy Football!
Thank you Ate laku_monsang I had a wonderful time. Nehru Park, New Delhi
Stfu gothic bitch
We've got it here too. Brexit has given the scum courage to surface. Was so proud of my country yesterday though
Self love is important
Catching up on & The & friendship is the best!! We all need a
Valentine
This year you're mine Qalls1!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Por nada
But actually thank you to the volunteers and sponsors who make possible and the kids who make it worth it!
and buy/stream third studio release namanana! thanks girlies! support and stan talent and not sh*ne
Always Proud Of You Bro..
Been a great weekend definitely memorable
Al took me to get ice cream before I left. Because leaving for another week. I love her
Amazing human kindness. Great story of saving a baby robin.
Do you want a sexy real girl?
She is here >>>
SIX YEARS AGO we were getting ready for RED
Yep... I but just seems like overwhelmed in all phases. Nothing going for us
We miss and love you guys!! Send our love to mom and the kids
Valentine
This year you're mine shiki_yuzaki!
And you, whom will be yours?
I your curves, Sinn! Always have!
Lovely afternoon at Wallington Hall today Wallington NT
My heart
Wonderful
Girlfriend
Thank
Valentine
This year you're mine sergei_ne_gay!
And you, whom will be yours?
I hope meet him again someday
Don't do much really Janet, just hope that people make new friends from my list as you are all awesome people!
O AFRONTA SOU EU
4sim rs
God bless this
May we receive the good news we've been praying for
Amen.
I just win her heart that already make my day
Good bless the good cooking women! thankful
saw Shivika spa performance promo on tv and also one bit of o jana dancing on stage
matlab sp wont edit it
My Lyft driver is listening to classical music radio instead of the usual Shitty Hits
Congrats Enjoy the time with Mike
Bloom commish for
Feliz
My sincere sympathies to you. We will vote in his name.
Dear Team, your online team are overdoing it a bit.
Love Joanna
header for
time taken: 1 hour
Likes and rt appreciated
Home.
Seeing so many people helping those in need is really warming my heart
Aw do you have a cold? Did you get it from Emo Nite?! Get well soon
That why
legend
I miss us sorry for everything, baby
Inside Your Heaven - Carrie Underwood via
37 degrees out and going down to the this week. I NY.
Also the ending song poppy arrangement with emo lyrics. I swear I'm not addicted with this anime lol
the best
all good homie ill be streaming later today or forsure this week !
Please go and donate towards helping this young boy and his family, every little bit helps
Illang: The Wolf Brigade
Die Besetzung mich hoffen
ON THE QUEEN HERSELF!!!!!
got this sweetie
Thankyou for today! I miss you already
.
.
.
.
Can I get phantom
02.02 (+) sweet dream
Best episode ever!!!
Rosa Parks
life with you so perfect
happy anniversary!! Love you always & so glad I got to meet you in person
Baby
I love mines n I love what we got trade it for none
THE LITTLEST THING ON THE FIELD kayla_ayanna MIAMI DOLPHIN HALFTIME SHOW WITH
I've missed yous sm. Thank you for everything again, I love you
I wish you the very best from the bottom of my
I love you Inspiration the Show and you and
love both of your voices!
proud of for the turnout of educators and families thanks to Reading Embraces Diversity and all
Mac and cheese on the grill.
I love this season
You nailed it. I absolutely fell in love with Romeo darpok ha Lekin mujhe pasand ha
Feliz suegrita
Always a good time with these faves
what an angel i fall in love again every day
It was truly wonderful and got the story across perfectly
Proud to call her my idol
//I know how you feel about that love you too
They are my
I had a good night yesterday
I love how can have me laughing one minute and crying the next. Some episodes break my heart.
What a thread. Thanks, love!
had so much fun last night with gang
The most memorable moment when filming season 1 ?
1 year of FLICKER
Time is just flying by
Omg thankyou Jaiden
Its so cute and amazing and I love it
Thankyouuuu
If I tell you i like u I really like you not trying to play games with dude
HOW FREAKIN ADORABLE IS SHE THO love you so damn much this made me smile
SMASHING 50K TWEETS
Thanks to All....
Design : Keep Rocking bro
congrats and the rest of the squad - makin ya buds proud
just so GOOD at dancing
Okay sweetie ilyt
I LOVE YOU
.#ilpHentai
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
All energy is the LOVE of the Divine Flowing through us.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Dear tweeps I follow back
Retweet if you follow back
Follow all who retweets
Kindly follow back
Let's prosper together
Yes Gabby - and keep the up sweetheart
I Used To Know Her: The Prelude
Loved this man, proper defender.
happy birthday
no bidding :) but if you're interested you can buy it here!
Tbm te amo
he posts videos of him & animals! like tons of it. the love he have for animals is so pure & this world needs more of that
So sorry to hear Alice, all my love and thoughts to you and your family
Ugh cheesecake for me please you make them the bestest. Because you are the best.
Just wow .. reached 2million baht already!!! Congratulations everyone!! keaw_jung
Somebody has found their winter hat and is loving it! Thank you Grandma R
It takes courage to stop and say what you think but it Kates a lot more to stop to listen to others. Nice Evening
forever grateful for
so happy they are through
Health Activity
Sunday October 21 Walking
Running Distance
Flights Climbed
For Erica N.
Some days I did forget Now I ever forget You need to be loved and treated right too, forget that!
my heart goes Out to you
Rider of the Year, Celebration of the Year, Performance of the Year:
Nie kto inny
Demain promis
Michael Jackson - Hollywood Tonight (Official Video) via
About time!! So pleased for them both to be recognised for their hard work
see you tomorrow luv
Janeee sweetie
Thank you so much I'm alive for now ahuahsu But I'm still so scared
That is brilliant
baixei tudo
Praying for you! Don't stress hun!
I hope you had a spooky weekend guys!
aw, liv!! Thank you and miss you
Do MT p vida
My girl getting a hat-rick on her birthday keep smashing it Rixx
i'm lucky to have a btch like u
in love with you!
No still sadly going through the same shit everyday :/ thank you so much!
If I'm not on this, it doesn't count.
Sleep tight sweet girl, thanks for being the best momma my pup ever had
Preach! GOP spent years claiming they the constitution the most, that
(@ Casa Cappie en Immie)
I made some last week with hummus and lentil soup
Nossas Maites
Mishary Al Afasy
North the most wow place of Sikkim...
Zero
NISSA LA BELLA
Reflection
Me vais a ignorar pero yo os perdono poned cosis porfa
MY FAV THING TO DOOO !!!
I'M Fakin Proud....Mr Price
Gorgeous baby Maddison
With Family UKZN Westville
We live in such a cruel world too precious to take anyone or anything for granted
Sorry for your loss brother. Stay strong
Best film seen in a long time.
Highly recommend this movie based on a true story
Fantastic
so pretty today, enjoy Sunday
Both my fav show Karnasangini nd bepannaah..1st rank... love Teja nd Jenny
You are always well worth the journey xx
Jajajajajjaj al instagram
Please follow me!
Family weekend em Canela
Ashley and my baby Pasha
Let Us Grow In The of Word. Holy Bible Scripture Of The Day: Read Proverbs
Damm she drives me crazy
I appreciate you
Wow, that was an experience!
A little bit funny, awkward but also very sweet and lovely
And yeah, I sat on
YASSS It's time for a great show Ellie2:LiveMe
I love you more and I miss you
thank u...
Living our best life
Those crisp fall mornings . forget to take time to watch the leaves turn! The trees are about to show us
Kaise ho Vg Take care of yourself always and All the best for
About Dave
(C)photographer
Twitter is Full of Cute boys & Girls
Home
follow me
okay! We had a blast during those three songs. We love you!1!1!
well done Gordon we hear much from him is all well
De ontem KK
Let Us Grow In The of Word. Holy Bible Scripture Of The Day: Read Proverbs
who pays the taxes for all the freebies you promise these illegals for votes. JACKASS.
Hyundai is killing it with the Lord Huron commercials
So tonight we took a trip to Paris all thanks to cupidboxdates we had so much fun doing something different
Aaww love thank
he looks so strong u must feed him real well
Valentine
This year you're mine shingekw!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
You all are winners with Indie Star Radio, we love you all
LOVE YOUR NEIGHBORS
Stopping illegal border crossing is literally putting your family and your neighbors in
Want this type of wife
nuuu
We finally found our wedding Our last piece. Just like that the venue,dress, caterer, cake, photographer are booked
Ugh November 25th People love to skip over November but my favorite month too
Check out edits she really deserves it
Thank you my heart
a good day. A really good day.
So peaceful.
What a babe
Perfect
Mutlu 2
Will vote for Hillzy apa I'm sure I only know 1 song yake
welcome I love you
Bless you all xx
Confirmation of what you've been feeling is always exciting.
Happy birthday love!
Cuties
Headed to the polls this week for early voting! RED all the way!
I bought one already gal
Thank you
Sure will
Always
Last hoco
Life is hard hitting but got to take each day as it is
Muito meus amores msm
ALLER
Valentine
This year you're mine melavrr!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Thank you Tahnee ifb.
Birthday brunch with this man.
Love is when someone is unhappy so you do everything or anything to make them happy again. real love
What a douche canoe. At least you have me and Daniel to talk to and we aren't totally shitty people.
whew...God really be working
so sweet! Thank you
I love you more Bri thank you
So proud. Actually is it a understatement
Free singup Today!
Local girls share
Goddess M...
we are so lucky & privileged...
that fact that you see me as your bestfriend makes my heart smile
CHALLENGE BET 2 WINS!!!!
Shall we bank it + go again or carry on!
TAP or comment for BET 3!
get that from what seen and read.
wow thank you i love u too
Thanks, Uncafuhkuh!
so proud. I honestly know what do without you
Hello Greetings from Poland sweetie
Blessing to my tl You're going to make me cry now thank you
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
France
Thank You baby
37 degrees outside & only getting colder... for the next six months. I NY.
yes please this is awesome
This Detention Officer will lock you up and throw away the key (30 Photos)
Hello world!! My name is Molly so nice to meet youuu
This is me
In the meantime while you wait to see WKOF live
Thank you rellie I love you so much ...blessed to have you in my life.
Jef me fez chorar, manooo
Sunday dinner did few slice of avocado wid likkle salt sprinkle pon it
Awesome
Keep it up.
Hey Shawn, You haven't followed me yet but doesn't matter. Please follow my friend though? x
Lmfaooo we super ugly but happy birthday to my boy luv with kid with everything I got, lil gang turn 4 today
Love this sight
We really want you aboard
Gorgeous baby. Happy for him and his family. Kudos to the vets. too!
how lucky I am to have someone who makes me laugh and smile until it hurts
Football is on. Queso is in the crockpot. FALL
I love
wait for kellie to get home so she can crack my back
what safety is all about. Nothing more to say
Mexico city pleaseee
is married to y'all
lost in Japan
Sin duda la mejor noche
Me hicieron muy feliz ayer.
Nuevo corte para el regio el Chancho
How lovely
Had Halloween a little early with my best friends
LO QUE HACEMOS!
I've seen some cheeks in my day and Caroline takes the cake (35 Photos)
Sending love
hello pretty baby
coffee
Happy Birthday khizi_sa
and I really sang just the way you are to eachother last night mannn I love him!
let others treat you like disposable. You are lovely and important
I wanna do this
thank you so much i love you like no other i wait to see you again
En + y'a Morgan Freeman et Cillian Murphy alors -> cast TROP COOL
Hi loves i just wanted to say that im new and need followers
I love this show - the settings are wonderful, but the characters are what keep me coming back
Inshalla , thank you for your suggestion I appreciate it
Danke bro
Your love saved me
This is so cute the way she ans questions it's so cute ...and finally that girl got her ans 'yes'
Yummy scrummy to .... JAM home the SEABROOKS HAM. Thanks
I miss you too. Maya and I are planning a gift exchange soon. You should come.
TANITIM
149,90tl
KARGO
EL YAPIMI
HAPPY BIRTHDAY B.I
COME TO BRAZIL PLEASE
TE AMO
SICK AT FORNITE OOOO :( ok dont die
I love you more
The Wire The Office The Shield
Amor
That's my king, he's respectful and has a beautiful mind
What a beautiful story, Chip. Absolutely the sign you asked for.
in the best mood
All the love
finally they will get married
Take a little break for yourself. earned it.
naraid66
tabsawsumuem
Hi vince, looking beautiful as always
RT
Bloquinho
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
We saved the best for last.
Coach son said to be petty. get started.
Valentine
This year you're mine 93_trivia!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Hoy caigo con Fernet
My grandma used to do this everytime I took a nap or slept over at her house .
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Lilimar!
The men even want to get paid for it ! May God bless him with wisdom and health
ahhh this is adorableeee, see you next weekendddd
Lulu sweet Lulu thanks so much I love kisses LYSMM moon and back
You should dm me brook
Aww thanks! Three I'd never heard before
Domingouu
Happiest when with you
Love spending my weekends with this stud
Reflection
That was before applying lashes
I really love this lady
Thank you
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
blessed my car with her I still washed my car since this day
True
Agree true love is someone who leaves the cave then returns just to get you to show you the light Plato
uyudu
sohbet sonra sex
WhatsAptan yaz bana sohbette
"PEACE, LOVE AND POSITIVITY" - thank you, Universe, for Logic
yesss girl thanks to & that song
See you next week
you look so good! wait to see you next weekend, love you
Brook I get to meet you on the 18th of November I'm sooooooo excited. Love ya lots
USS Midway Museum
Bless your cat
He is Captived by all her, Raven
Sundays were made for baking banana bread this is a traditional recipe that I changed up by swapping butter
Te amamos Keff
i really hope she prospers
love your maroon dress tonight darlin'
That smile.
Because I love my followers, I will the first 100 people who retweet THIS tweet! ~~ GO!
you were amazing angel
Congrats Champ!! First of the many to come
Happy birthday babe wish you so many more and nothing but the best
has my heart
Thanks for being there for us even when you have to
Not sure what we did before you
12K Completed
Yeass yeasss coming back on February wait to see him
Sometimes this lonely shit is depressing but i remember to not look for satisfaction in people. Seek God in all things
Girl I know honestly was the best expirence ever I love you guys and miss you
Tinhamu
Time to share some of my beautiful gifts my sis suprised me "NOT PERSONA 4 CASE " with Croft edition
JUST BE HERE BELIEVING IN YOU
yes please this is awesome
Shopped for tour today. I am so excited.
known the 29th for like 2 months, bc not even a week apart
wait to see you on the vamps tour in Birmingham next year
Aw love you brook
I'm glad someone is happy today unlike me. Stay blessed Marsieeee
Nenis
reflection - sope / vminkook au
[344]
pictures in bed?
Tag your friends
It's Community Dance Day! Come Dance!
6 Days!
Tell a Friend if you would?
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
good place
Awee baby I love you so much ! be home soon
he fits c:
and here are the twins for comparison
THE ONLY ACTOR I STAN IS PARTH SAMTHAAN Have learned so many things from him one of the best thing I learned is
Lots of love back at you
Which dates specifically are you going to? Dublin,Newcastle, Glasgow, Birmingham
look what your love has done in my
Lol
Gente, mt amor
You're the best, I love your voice, your dance, your handsomeness my true love
Still met a Sudanese finer
Miss you
Yay! I love talking talking fantasy
Thanks boo
Miss you so much already
trop chou
Y'all are no one to judge whether it lasts or not . Which union doesn't have problems . Understanding each other is true Love
so beautiful
Thank you!!!
Wishing you nothing but the best on your new journey
be
: Imma say in French : AMANDINE TU FAIS CHIER AVEC TES FUCKING EMOJI QUE PAS ! But I love you
She is my
in Mexico they say Te amo
Thank you to everyone who sent me wishes for my dad it really means a lot
Thank you
All of us
Extremely happy happy sundaze
Last night for tanya4evablessed birthday Eight Over Eight
Nothing but good times
ayyyyy got through!! so proud of you!
awww babe so cute this is adorable, see you very soon
Reason why i love lucifer cast
I love you girl
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
na outra page
I would love to win to send a .... SLICE... of happiness to xxx
in 4 hours
The Gift, Broken In Paradise, Dangerous Love
Live with bo4 blackout duos
rts appreciated fam
Hello Gary sunshine, how are you spending this Sunday evening ? I hope your day has been wonderful
A treasure to keep and enjoy forever.
Unfortunately i can't donate, trust me, i would if i could, but I'm happy she's okay and came home! Soo adorable!
thank you since watching your new video i finally decided to get rid of things i thought meant
Erika just posted her nighttime routine. Go check it out
All my Main Characters in one picture Honestly they're all so pretty and I love their different personalities
Vcc minha flor
I respect and love all sex workers.
Que amor fuguro yo
is everything meeting them was so real and I can't wait to see them again January 25th we
finally coming tomorrow gonna be here for the week
[Actualizacion de Twitter] btsnamjoon
.
.
.
.
Andrea, a brilliant achievement Especially given the low success rate for treating pancreatic cancer. Thanks for sharing!
A huge thank you to for hosting Twitter chat. And a big thank you to
And rightly so sure he was as touched by your words as we all were
I don't know you but I'm sending love and hugs
So long, partner.
Boa tarde
Thank you.
Oh merciii
general forever
Can't wait to sign you in January lad. Lovely audition you displayed yesterday.
Thank you sir
Forever
No, you can marry us both
Love being a girl mum
Amen!
With baby
OML SUHO IS THAT YOU ??? I LOVE YOU I'm not..... suho
happy birthday
Indesisive... Maybe a bit of everything...
but swing on iTunes
I love this song
Hakka No Togame
Imperfections are perfect
Still got so much love for the greatest showman
meu tudo.
Congratulations to the lovely couple - hope it's been the most amazing day
(loving your
Begings shall always be the best but Endings is better when ends with whome we begin with
Oh I miss in the fall and during Christmas!
Love this plane
A WALKING PIECE OF ART !
proud of you
Buen momento, empachandonos de alitas
thank u gf! love ya
You are fucking so precious
Tika Sumpter
UPCLOSE
Girls whose name start with
S
T
A
I
M
Are beautiful
You're so freaking beautiful
Good day at work forever
I believe in you
Oooh Mirmo
blessed my car with her I still washed my car since this day
This is the real queen
She followed me hi
Congratulations
My love
This was mine
Saran Group
I need friends as long as I have my family & Tysen
ownn
This right here
Boa
Happy birthday jani See you soon
Thank you
i see helping me thank you so much
Beautiful family is there a gofundme?
A message for you guys and gals ( a thread )
Super thankful for my mom, dad and ric been taking care of me like a baby. Coming to my work to drop
Wow, that was an experience!
A little bit funny, awkward but also very sweet and lovely
And yeah, I sat on
goodnight everyone and sleep tight to the guy i love, khaldon ong kok heng, tmr will be a better day
Love this look!
Huge shoutout to for doing this
Big hugs and love to you both
Thank you
Thank you so much! I hope you are all having a great day.
so lucky to have such a talented and caring Dad. The woodwork done for the wedding is amazing.
Born and raised in Garowe
3 MINUTES GIVEAWAY
Giving away a Save The World account!
To enter:
Like
Retweet
Follow:
even the voice
Learning to be kinder to myself
Madison Montgomery and I these sunnies! Anyone have an idea as to what brand
Hope your having a great Monday Lala!
Valentine
This year you're mine tutulipss!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Ehehehe, so cute!
No, I haven't seen doctor who yet, please don't message me spoilers! I'm with family right now - thanks!
ANJOOOOOO
Thank you so much!
Thank you very much!
more than blessed for having you.
Eres un amor
Gracias
Ach how lovely are you? Thankyou pumpkin!
Thank you so much.
I this movie. Watched it with my kids, now with the grands.
I think a joker.
I want to see you as a happy person.
Deidara x Sasori
We're waiting
Siempre
Absolutely amazing
This is why German are my favourite breed of dog!
and they will come patience is key
Can't get enough of this lovely picture.
Thank you
Switched it up
Struggling today. I miss you everyday.
so proud of
Dunkin Donuts coffee,
Nobody compares to you.
I fucking love you so much
Someone complimenting my parenting is the best thing ever especially other parents! We need more people like
GAS HIM UP! Make that man feel good. Let him wtf he does to you
listening to something that is so good that i actually got goosebumps. Thank god for good Music
I'm obcssed
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the
I have been thank you
welcome
Luther Vandross
11 people are apart of the
muito amor onti
4 Years of All-time Blockbuster Kaththi Can't forget FDFS
Thank you
The beautiful raw general manager
Editing by me ma'am!
I hope you like this
When the odds against me I love it
when your fam knows you knows you
Mi vida entera
hey girl!
happy birthday loverrr
Really liking it so far!! Xx as brilliant as ever. Your voice is like an Angel, Hannah xx
Yes love
This a good moment to repost this
J'ai tellement pas les mots
I need to get on this!!!
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Sisters Cotter Force
tobymccloud alisonweldn Here's a good one of Elvis!! Dickinson, Texas
Thnk u so much bro
Me please
Your welcome love
..
Thanks
this is so beautiful
Goodnight Lizzy I love you so much and really grateful to have you as a best friend too
its time i turn the page and continuing writing my story. for this is just a new chapter
keala settle on x factor is what the world needed. a true masterpiece. truly talented & breathtaking. forever in awe
Love you brotha
Costco cake
Um amor por essa foto
GAS HIM UP! Make that man feel good. Let him know wtf he does to you
Thnk u so much bro
Thank you!!!
Tomorrow starts off Red Ribbon Week! Wear RED tomorrow to show your support!!
Patiently waiting for my honey
Day drinking em Top of the Mark
Happiness
Ep. Cdmx Family
TD. Thanks
Thinking of you Robin.
Congratulations to Ian & Lou - the new Mr. & Mrs. Everson on their Wedding day today
Thank you for everything ! I hope you enjoyed today as much as we did!
My baby boy is so dang cute!
My heart is perfect because.. you are inside.
Just inside
en este
CONTESTANDO preguntas con mi NOVIO !
Happy birthday to my fine ass mom that look like my sister
Congrats Q
I have for a whole lotta ppl in this world so if I tell you I love you I more than meant that sh*t
hey guys. Thanks so much for calling me. Appreciate it
Stolen from but tag 10 ppl you love
+ who be tagged. Ilyasm
Sorry boy, I like you, I really like
Awwwwww
Felicitations!
Kiss Lady
Q amor
21.
ahhh thanks sweetheart;;!!! trying my best take care of yourself too
On the train on the way back to Durham. Playlist on point
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Living with ben is the best thing in the world
I love you brook I need a brook hug when I meet you
Pela Divisa
Liked it
Mi crio
this is gonna be super hard and gonna miss seeing your cute faces everyday. ily all
Amo-te
i was in the car , listening to the radio and got came on & i bursted into tears i miss you more than anything koko
Excuse my unglued eyelash como se a este chiflado
Pls help with survey.. about game item purchase for education project. Thx.
Novela Casi Como Hermanos 1
Con Kindle Unlimited puedes leerlo GRATIS
LF1 for the BO4 Season w/ , &
-18+
-Grindable
-Lanable
RTs
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
I've had such a lovely weekend in Ipswich with my cousin, her son and my sister
I know me too Thank you for coming the time that you did .
Red Ribbon Week!! Check out Spirit Days for the week. Thanks to for the graphic!!
make sure to get a great score on your ACT
I love you more and more every light-second, baby! Can't wait to marry you, finally!
your twitter dp is everything thank you
actually a beautiful day here in Austin, Texas
How is it tomorrow already!? Thanks
Starting tomorrow
having sidewalks in our new neighborhood
Going on walks & meeting new neighbors makes me
Having a dog with you helps also
Thank you!!
Maybe our maknae is resting and focused on studies but i love to have some ig post from him
Hi friends! such fun here!
Thanks for playing my favourite Dallas Smith song this afternoon - Jumped Right In
Every Scar Will Shape Me
Every Wound Will Build My Throne
Skyfall by Adele
welcome and thank you
I love weddings.
Hoseok's pencil case and Hoseok is my bias
Lo amo tanto
Haha Always the sweetest happy Sunday, babes
Routers top fucking news
We will suport our lovely strung trusted crowen prince
love ya meth
Follow your heart
Arrive with love
Therefore I tell you, whatever you ask for in prayer, believe that you have received it, and it will be yours. Mark 11:24
no place like it
This is me
Roll tide Jalen! We you
Zimbits my children must be protected
Loving this contemporary, amazing
Oh no, he's very gentlemanly
Dude I was hoping it was going to be you in extra time. Would have been so fitting
We need to stick together
Enjoyed our birthday dinner last night at with my love .
i watched ur channel & very talented at impressions.
Beach time with Team IamNel! at Lambug Beach, Badian
THE KING IS BACK!
I just love my little R56! One day it ......might grow up to be an F56!
Never Enough from the Greatest Showman performed by beautiful
Ooo god i unlimited laave them
+ =
&
I hope my daughter comes on my fiance birthday or the day before
Thnk u so much maryam
I'm always going to be here family
Just hold your front between 17-20th thanks
What a song THIS IS ME!! Goosebumps every time
I so want the parka will it be available on Beautybay???
Happiest when I see you happy
My sincere gratitude to all those who supported me today. Thanks from the bottom of my heart. Salamat rahiye sb
Love the hearts of the people! Great church!
hope to reunite soon eheh
Beginnings shall always be the best but Endings is better when ends with whome we begin with
hiiii I hope having the most loveliest day! you deserve the very best, I love you forever
Good evening everyone , have a beautiful week
Your mercy triumphs over judgement.
Our meet-up video is finally here! Make sure to check it out and subscribe for more!
anyways
God got you welcome back ! Give him every problem
and an infinite love
love you ash
Luxurious Turkmen Art.
Follow my friend Shekera Akiniyazova for more.
Signal boost because I am so excited for this!!!
Thando
Makoke y Anita Matamoros
thank you so much
always dress
Omg. IM thankyou so much. this means so much to me. I'm so happy to be part of such a beautiful fandom
Get that camera front of house! Oh let you off !!!!
you're my everything.
Actually wait to be able to travel with me best friend
Shawn and fans at LAX today
I am done with everything
Scarf for Caleb the II will be on his way to tomorrow for
you are just brilliant in every way right now on You look & sound so beautiful, such an inspiration xx
Tortoise
Actually I hear Janeway in my head speaking with Red's accent from nowadays and the gif gets even better
Legit me love ma lil fluff ball
text? phone dry as hell
Te amo por siempre
Awesome so happy for you! I know gonna kill it
Thank you guys for the amazing support and votes... Halloween here we come
Did you say Jada and date in the same sentence?
Hahaha
Muchas gracias
Selling some cute little bits on my depop atm if anyone fancies a look. UK and international postage
So many good memories with this game!
So thankful for the ppl in my life
Love this
So so sorry for your loss. still right here with you
loiro mais sensual desse mundo
Thnk u so much Anam
I have no doubt that this is my church who would have thought.
Nothing compares the food prepared in a clay pot ...
And I you
The world would be a much better place if it had more positive energy like this in it
1 2 3 4
OOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHH
WE U
OOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHH
WE HATE THE F***ING WEDNESDAY
Polaroid Hessa
and RT
you're simply the BEST thank you for everything
a fave thank you
Happy Sunday!
I have to say, I artwork in books. Whether it be maps or character images, such as this
Das bin ich sowieso
" KaarKuzhal Kadavaiye Ennai Engey
Izhukkirai "
musicsanthosh his music
sriram.parthasarathy.75 what a
crying cuz I understand how hard it is to lose someone you loved and cared about sending
Felicidad es escuchar a y pensar en
it's not started over there yet, has it? This episode really is
Dreams can come true. Ill keep on dreaming
Finally,Hopefully you won't disappoint Lucknow
Keala Settle, what a treat
Please keep my aunt Katie in your thoughts and prayers,
Gracias por el tommy
rooting for you this year, think you have made an incredible transformation
Thigh high boots and shiny dress beautiful
Meen eli kan 3eed melado enhrdaw w kamel 16 sana w 2ada yom 7elw m3 el nas el 7elwa now
Melanooooo
+2
My babes
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Thankyou girl
J-Hope's pencil case and J-Hope is my bias
Thank you.
My heart is already melting! Looking forward to this one...
I was in high school when was released. I that song!
smashing it on Such an amazing performance!
"This is brave, this is proof
This is who I'm meant to be, this is me"
I just want sitting beside you
Cali's favorite place to go is
thanks to for making the most incredible EP ever keep being amazing love
REGARDE COMME MON DESSINE TROP BIEN!! JE SUI GIGA FAN!!!
the best I love you
Everyday I see beautiful women here yhoo
I Eli Lilly and Co
Thanks for your feedback Dion! We appreciate your business and YOU!
Happy birthday love you tons
jon07: So fucking sexy and he knows it! MORE
Oh no, are you alright?
talking about Hawaii
An adventure? Adventures are the best!
dude you were so cute in !!!!!
New York City
Thanks hun
Bora antecipando esses halloween pq depois ninguem sabe se vai ter.
Thankful for all the supportive girls in my life
Sending all my love and prayers to you here if you need me
LOVE at game. Nevel Thomas
So much love
Bryson is a blessing
convence ele a responder minhas mensagens do WhatsApp tb
everyone hates me, but ty
I'm in can I bring some food
Nooooooo just look at them
Another tweet of the day goes to our sis show her some
Writing writing and more writing I'll be in my happy place
thank you lovely xxx
Update: I just talked to my dad, so a whopping 4/5 in the last 24 hours.
Man thankful
A taste of England with my in Santa Monica
Love Palomas new song
Aww love and treats to rainbow bridge run free till we come home to you
yes
FOR LIFE,
Sabe disso ksksls
Really love my best friend I deserve that boy
This is adorable
thank you so much!
thank you so much!!! ILY
is honestly amazing, this is me is one of the best songs in the world
titiaaaaaa
Do what you love, Love what you do
Happy birthday to the best cousin out there I hope 21 treats you well love you
Love days out like this with my number one human! Want more days like this, with the pups too!
tom.sbrookes
we fuck off , .
RT about to make Aaila lunch for tomorrow now
Rihanna ~ "Love On The Brain" (Lyrics) via
you make me happy;; hopefully see you soonnn :((
I did thank you Hannah
wait
If someone fucks me this way, i promise he will have a slave forever
Te amo, you're a amazing human
Awee just so sweet. Gotta love mums
Thank you for being there!!
This one's a beauty
wait to be at my own place
Happy birthday Hope you have a great blessed day!
Amo
Obviously I Struggle to leave Ada for work, let alone to go out and miss out on valuable time with my bestie
just KILLED IT on the X-Factor tonight. She is so beautiful and so powerful
My5 from 1. Perfect Illusion 2. Million Reasons 3. Diamond 4.
thank kayo din maxx lovelove
i deserve ilysm man x
Trooop bon dimanche
another The Cure - A Forest / Forever (live Hamburg 11-09-02, audio mixed by R...
If my wife she will bring me a Caniac Combo with a sweet tea!
Thank you love miss you
Love is all we need
You are a strong mama
Walk on the beach today, love this little boat house
going live on my editing account! my instagram is adorebuffy come and say hello
I think we need to
How to be beautiful
Do you sis
I love u so much my love
I hv no words to say,
But i love u frm the bottom of my heart
I'll love
I love you more
a fan, sorry Cheryl Blossom is a Queen
may Allah remove all my sadness
ameen
thank you
never let me down & you never will
Dude yes, I literally keep thinking that too! Miss you
I angry threads!
Instagram Story Takeover.
The sky was beautiful and so are they
You are the most beautiful and important person in my life you inspire me a lot I never meet you but surely
On my way to see my team lol
I keep finding my way back to you.
Me too but once it gets this big what can we do with it?
Shuuu ! she literally just told me that she's ok. My Aromat literally texted from the other side. I'm emo
a little edit i made
awww T i miss you yours
Aw, thank you! Love you!
Missed this, but watch it!
My little love
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
You be the best
so content with my life right now. I have an amazing group of friends and I ask for anything better than them.
Come hangout with me > on
Awww....
, that's a wonderful combination, Arizona!
Roller Bet number 1
Make sure to like this tweet
Palmeiras vs Ceara over 0.5 first half goals - Brazil
FELIZ
Tag your friends
Well deserved...ignore all the haters out there
Perfeito
GRACIAS A MI AMIGO POR AYUDARME A PUBLICAS MIS TWEET LAS CUALES CONTIENEN
Pega como
Rosa/rose
Homecoming with my one and only
Anyzinho ta enorme!
Love this building
Follow back plz
Cause & effect. I will be the cause, the will be the effect.
Loved performing whole weekend Ero Expo Mechelen with the General Kelly
Big thanks to David Van Oosthuyse en
Writing writing and more writing I'll be in my happy place
Many many congratulations to both god bless them
Just fell in love with Walker, Summer
The 21st will always play a significant part in my life
Happy birthday, my icon.
THANK YOU
Happy Birthday to my little sister finally 21
Les pido su apoyo
are so cute
16 months of knowing
To You
so damn proud of you, this tour is going to be incredible
A man that feels his job to make sure straight
NEED to see all the captured photos from that evening
no such thing as a bad trans femme
Go against Ts gon cost ya
Better season next tear
CONGRATULATIONS!!! so happy for you.
Yes, go to the polls and VOTE in November.
I miss you too
How to wind down ( a thread )
Had a great time with this Mythbusters fan!!! the shirt!!!!
If I find out who that guy is he will regret saying that to you
1x Pumpkin Par-Tay Mari
Anthony
I see you, friends, and I stand with you
Thank you girl appreciate it x
iubesc Baghera.
let's try to make our project work
She can tie, I tie. Gimme my Grammy.
I Loving the dance moves
GET INNNNNN!!! wait to see what you guys do for Halloween week. Love you
Hoco part two
A M O
Sunday Angelus with the Santo Papa
Anche te
Be kind, always
ainda bem mesmo Kkk
Thnk u so much bro
Thank you that was such a powerful and important episode
Don't even say that! Your such a gorgeous sexy gal they just don't deserve your time!!!! Love you loads
Snapchat - BlushSnaps
obviously!!!!!
beautiful How often do you accidentally dip your fringe in the toilet?
You're welcome
If you need other gifs just tell me, but it might take a day or too :,D
.
ashton irwin from 5SOS please follow me and
Jimin
Hehe love you! And happy for you as well
I already do it
Life Is So Beautiful
Valentine
This year you're mine shi_finiarel!
And you, whom will be yours?
What a fucking nightttt, gotta get this fucked again soon
Itiiii
Ahh! Ennis
Love this mindset
Interior.
She likes to talk Definitely her father's daughter!
Georgia I you! Democracy loves you!
I went to the beach and petted some good dogs. 15/10 for each of them
La distorsion
Koffi Olomide - Affaire
Cervejinha e baralho
I think you should stfu
seeing as a reward during pulm
as motivation during cardio
and
Domingoou
I am currently in Shibuya! I am staying until Friday. What would you recommend a sailormoon lover
You are the most fabulous person I know I love you
perfect for me
Just made a community post so the YouTube boyos know what's going on
je ma personne et mon meilleur look pour ton anniversaire, dat enough? What else baby ? It is
Thnk u so much
Honestly, a passion for God is the most attractive feature a man can have.
Maratona de star wars
I love you so fucking much LET ME LOVE YOU BACK THEN
Highlight of your career so far?
THANK YOU fans for coming last night! What a night!
naraid66
yzg@alnb$%hz
Gente... serio
i want you forever ily baby
Keeping in our hearts!
New favorite quote. Thanks,
I take the embarrassment thank you Curt Dawg! I miss you too
Thank you!
Dunno how anyone can not love the greatest showman . the best film ever made
Cap, libra, straight, enfp, blue
When little details about myself are observed.
Being depended on :)
Spending time with me
evaaa so happy for you
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: Bundle XL T-Shirts . via
thinking of you
Thanks for responding! sent you a DM
Almost 800 followers
I feel your pain but I have it any other way
local folks which is the nicest Chinese in bre pls&tnx
All the waiting will all be worth it
Thank you so much
Happiness that came with The Millions of Balloons
Amazing! There's so gangly and awkward.
Black 5sos ||| hoodie and the uk
My little heart.
One of my favorite cities in China.....along with Xian and Jingdezhen
I was waiting for something like this. Love you big time gf
NEED MORE 12 12 TWEEPS IN LIFE.. BLOCKED FROM ALMOST WHOLE TWITTER NOW..
What a performance
Thank you very much So kind of you!
Glllttt ! Thanks Kae love you
Luke Hemmings if you're online and you see this please follow me
Absolutely LOVED it
I love you all
Easy like Sunday mornings!
Have a beautiful day! Arizona
He have offered if he mean it!
My heart is so full
Yo mas
happy birthday we love you
Yes.
Who thinks a joker. Poi shoot panidalam. I have a gun.
please follow her
Big brother
Pray sister
Ok wow your perfect. Dm me plz
aH how sweet thank you
Come worship and $erve me. Your wallet will thank you loser
Things that are true.... All you need is Love and a Dog.
Looked like a fabulous night! Great pic of you Lisa blimey I would struggle with that
Active followers
This is why I love this guy
XPhotography
Violet & Tate
Grace and mercy for you all.
BOOOOM!
Bet 4 lands!
in the bank..
Turn notifications on
Like and Share
And so polite!!!
Hey, boo! Did you that we offer fall-flavored Our Donutz come in and
Obg
How adorable
SIM
How adorable
I stand with you.
Valentine
This year you're mine swtf57!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Todos mis son felices con vos
Ok well now I want to stop watching and put The Greatest Showman on instead Loved that SO much!!
appreciate it that broski
Why cant I sing like them I u
hi i love your smile
Would for sure line up for these cool people.
Premio recibido gracias
Kiss
Absolutely love such an inspiration and seems so genuine!
I This amazing band !!!
Oh New Orleans, I have a short time left here
Hourly Jonathan
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Ahhhhhh i miss you too beaut! be back before you know it
Me & my dog. No filter needed
it really means so much that so vocal about important issues and you support all of us so much
Neverrrr . My Heart Forever With The City
from -
Una gran noche en Hello Dolly...
Haha
Definitely
"Already broken."
Kinder showing off their writing skills in this fun activity. They love Seesaw
follow my friends if you already miss petunia please honey
Meu amor todinho
Our puppy Athena
All Gaga's discography
I love my furry little boys! blessed with such an amazing affectionate family.
Love this song
Health Activity
Friday October 19 Walking
Running Distance
Flights Climbed
For Erica N.
Excited for a nice lil shopping n lunch date fri, done it in a whileee
everyone who likes
Recommend looking at the comments
You should feel really proud of yourself
Siempre AMOR
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the
lil devil causin some trouble
Tweet Limit report ALDUBLoveAndPositivity
May 18 TLs si
Thank you
12 more days to go
Love you always
in case I haven't told anyone today or you didn't know, I love
See you soon love.
You look adorable
Kiss and talk. Also warm hugs will do.
This
OMG!!
Hopefully seen the documentary Judd Apatow did on him.....it was obviously excellent
I won't, thank you very much
Watched you this morning great Charlie Kirk
When your man kisses your forehead in the middle of the night some pure kinda love
Luv you xD
Stay strong Dad
Happy birthday
No better way for you to celebrate this weekend than with
Seeing Darian in her dress, we all were ugly crying such an amazing moment
Proud of you hunny
Went for a wine tasting, Malbec is still my favourite Cooper's Hawk Winery & Restaurant
mine always in all ways
wear the wining t-shirt tonight and the other on Tuesday when the special edition DVDs are released.
What was the last song you listened too? Share below would love to have a listen.
I live for his soft smiles, so pure
Girl tell me about it
Pot roast in the crock pot & my home is smelling amazing!
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Chapa weeding was a success
These look good
She is always so understanding
Have a happy Sunday, everyone!!
little children, let us not love in word or in tongue, but in deed and in
1 John 3:18
Ooh, excited for this!
Victoire de nos U19A en R1 : -
Titanic will always be one of my favs
Weekend spoils
Attn. Area Brides: The Murray on Main stores in Ardmore & Tishomingo now have a BRIDAL REGISTRY! Come choose
By the 31st (barring unanticipated crises and / or Amazon delays)
I hope you're ok now I'm always here for you remember
I'm so proud of you guys. I you and your music too of course
Close the curtains, sit back and light your candles
With the end of BST just around the corner, why not add
Que mejor que con ustedes
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: Navy blouse with white stars By Velvet Heart
So sad this rainy competition season is over. I love this program more than anything
Pronos hockey
RT et Fav
We will have to meet up sometime and I can see all your pics too!
Nelson and Murdock
that episode was amazing.
is officially my new favourite person. What fantastic advice!! You absolute babe
so proud of and my winners regardless of what happens xxx
Love you
Thank you for
Love new Dr Who
May 16 TLs si
Thank you
Gets me right in the feels every time I see this..
Thanksgiving been thinking bout you
Myiah Lynnae - Cry Too Much is almost at 10k !!! I Love all my lil cry babies so, once we hit 10k drop
Last night I performed live and reception I got was overwhelming.
So proud of you my son
Spending some quality time with Mama Carrol
sur toi
Ignore them
Team
so cute
thank I love
Get back in the game with some girls in sports bras (37 Photos)
Abuela millenial
Love you too. We got this.
She liked when I call her Star.
Keala settle on XFactor. Wow!! watching X-Factor (tv show)
Yes, grandma
I honestly know where I would be these last few days without Erin, Tori, and Jenny.
This makes me so proud
Cheers
Pre birthday warm-up for our Dearest Miss Ghana 2018 Queen Nana Ama
Valentine
This year you're mine fun_sociopath!
And you, whom will be yours?
if you are still here can you check this another edit that i made for you? i loved this outtake.
If I ever get a chance gone show you better than my father drake
gross. thanks tho
still trying to get in and stop, I have played one match of this game and loved every second, keep going guys!
Head over heels
Appreciation tweet to my little fam who make my life v happy
Treat my brother's kids like they one of my kids
Thank you.
forever obsessed with you briannadesalvo2
Damn I love a good rowdy night with my baby
Please vote for my Halloween door for a pizza contest. Thank you.
As always Our precious Matthew
May 15 TLs si
Thank you
Testify
is welcome on every week as far as concerned... I love the guy!
it will! go to sleep hun you need rest
Thank you I appreciate it
Alex Grey
5 star reviews make my day
you were amazeballs!!! so super proud of our SA dancers
go Japanese Chinese
morefollowers
Everyone
this tweet
Back All
Your love is my love
HOT blonde with a perfect ass is oiled up for rough anal
take a deep breath , and realize all happen within time. and never lose faith
Rich or handsome, a girl asked,
Loyal, a woman replied.
this amazing new Streamer a follow. She's an amazing Destiny streamer, so show her some .
As we about to go to sleep be with us Lord and look over
yaaaaaassssss!!! Welcome!!!!
Describes perfectly
mcc
I had a dream that I met and that she told me she knew everything about me. to more dreams like this
No problem
More great memories of Kentucky and my cute little extended family!! Xoxo
Awesome Absolutely love this
You deserve it. Thank you for everything you've given us since NOW's release.
meu acerto
hurry up by sohee!
This Is My Dog Is She Cute?
KaranLaila
Would love to win this book, it looks simply stunning.
Obrigada
Friday I getting my first tat.. Saturday morning my first session & Sunday back to church
God truly blessed me my world and do anything for her
Oyeeee te amo.
Amiga muchas felicidades, te amo mucho chiquita
MIS DIESES
One day to my love birthday
Dusty will always be yours in your heart and in mine too This is so sweet oh my god
Thank you
That prayer with uplifted my spirit.
It's okay to be scared. I'll be there with you. You just need to be a little bit brave, and we'll get through
weyh i love this pill.. sometimes i keep it in my mouth for a long time.. macam hisap candy
Go Liz! Services ALWAYS need to listen to those with lived experience.
I love u so much see you in the spring
Not in the slightest! loving seeing how many twitter planets have been colliding! And cats. Always.
also when I say pointy I mean a pointed tip but I wanna hear nose experiences
school life
You
It was so beautifully done at the end! Makes us proud of how far come
May 13 TLs si
Thank you
Go Team Tigger with our Ellie
Kevin Chown
His beauty makes me want to cry
The originals
Oh I see okay good luck you guys
I love every little thing about you
has my back.
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Meu amor
Amazing performance from on That song always gets me
Brilliant answer
Hey you know what, you're back love I'm happy for you
Can send me any videos you guys took at the party!? THANKS!
Jack in the box egg rolls
Thank u brother
Clean sheet becker
This makes me so happy
Feel better dear Beevas family
okay gorgeous . Hope your day gets better
Brother happy belated birthday I miss you
i miss you too dude
Congratulations
IS IT APRIL YET?
Last Homecoming
Congratulations Mama
Proud of u! Love u
Very beautiful
seeing Meghan holding the umbrella over head while he speaks.
Daisy under a tree a drawing on my paper placemat with a biro at dinner
Minha companhia de ontem
May 6 TLs si . Thank you
hope mitch enjoyed his bday
still, the blanket comforts me
goodnight
I need these
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
congratulations
Thanks so much for sharing!
This is awesome
Good night Lia
5 votes cast for
Fingers crossed for you man
Meus bbs
EXPECT MORE MLB ON MY CHANNEL FOLKS
Well everyone... got my first car today blessed
Nice bigode ahahah jk linda, FAZ ME UM FILHO
. Fuck five guys though
Same
AIK boys
Will I cry in a good way or a sad way? Super excited to it either way, it's great to get to know people better
aww thank you, so are you and your bf
I love Kesha
A new bud called Kolko!
We found them having fun in The Sapphire Valley!
Saddened to see happening in Trinidad right now. Hoping the damage too bad and everyone is safe
Havada karada her yerde
I still need xiu to follow back
I miss you too asshoe when you coming down ?
Followed yaaa
Maria Eduarda
20/10/2018
wedding date announced
Thank you for sharing your lived experiences
everyone who likes
"#ADE18 THANK YOU revealedrec fans for coming last night! What a night!
latin sucks
Living in a farm, growing your own organic food and having fresh milk.
Aw that's so sweet! feel free to DM me if you need to talk about stuff like this, I'm always there :)
Hola
So very sorry to hear this. good soul. sure he was too.
THANK
RT I got ya back 5eva sis
It was beautiful
last hoco
This shit is amazing
]
Cr :
Y'all
Angelica Anderson via /r/Hotchickswithtattoos
May 6 TLs si . Thank you
Hey, I love u
The content I live for
Long Sands Beach
Thank you JoJo!!! I miss the Brunch Bunch every day. I love you!
sorry to all my justin mutuals for my spamming to 5SOS hopefully dont hate me
Not many better than him
His smile is the most beautiful and precious thing in the whole world
no words for this pic
Although Im happy she is a lesbian now
Proud of how these kids fought back, and such a TEAM effort. Keep working hard girls!
backatcha!
in London Gracias Anna !!!
Ty guys
Hello night, my heart : ))
Already planning my next trip!
so so chuffed these are trending. Stunning wonderful stuff
Sending you lots of love
Very cute!! Gif!!
FOI MAS EU CONSEGUI Ta acabando
DrDeniseMD JarnellStokes Thank you very much So kind of you! RT
Ohh darling boy I will love you forever!!!
Thank you so much ;_;
the love of my life
SARDOU DANS NOS
My heart just melted
Thank you for support dear
update: we went to the pizza hut buffet and we had a great time blessed
NOW BOOKING FOR WAX - LASH SERVICES MONDAY - FRIDAY
Oh by the way I your show!
Meu eterno
Friend of mine made this video, just awesome to watch&enjoy with the beautiful music of
Jimin we love you
Speak to someone,
You are not alone,
okay, to not be okay
2017
Today is special. Have an amazing birthday sweetheart Stefan Love you guys, such an incredible
Decorations up!!!
Love you lots
BIRTHDAY DUCKY in October ! YES ! Happy man surrounded with thank you all for the
Fingers crossed for you...
Hope he follows you
Okay not mad anymore! My love for cookies is equivalent to my love for Paige
Plis veanlo, lo hice con mis manitas :3
stop eating buy some food eat it all ugh wow this is offensive to people
Im Live
For The Community
& !
7463
NARUTO AUZUSNSJS UNE GRANDE HISTOIRE
just watched you on the xfactor! Your voice is incredible Maybe you should also consider
GCMS Students and Staff... get RED ready for Red Ribbon Week! Monday- wear RED!
When you connect and you both agree on most things
-
-
- No
- I think ur batch will send it soon in the grp
Vibes and love to you, Jenny!
Happy two year anniversary
HI TAG A FRIEND _ *
Meu veio se casou
Wonderful News
She is the real engine of your family! You are a very very very lucky man. Treasure her!
NEW PICNEW PIC NEW PICNEW PIC
had a fabulous weekend in - hope to be back again soon!
Retweet als je hier heen wilt!
Turn on my notifications
2 mins.
kiddding!!! I would never.....I think gross lol jkjk again
A camila
This is amazing!! Different from your other videos!
bab
Honestly one of my favourite episodes.
Love our Love our supportive family Although season has ended, it was a great day to be a
I'm your 3000th followers. Feeling Good
happy 20th bd to my fine ass boyfriend who can blow my back out everytime hehe love you bby.
Hi George I love you so much
Have fun with your new baby!!!
Dolan Twins
My 57 year old dad has just joined Instagram and absolutely loving it, so precious
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
im crying ):
Feliz mi Manu
trop
Coopers Hawk Winery & Restaurant Meatballs then Steak
Oh I been through a lot thanks mate for caring for me
Dress up and my work ethic
CONGRATULATIONS awesome Please follow .@aligiarc A great Patriot
Miss you sis
Meio recente
With Love as our guide we can get to the other side & find the GIFT!
congratulations!
Valentine
This year you're mine accidentael!
And you, whom will be yours?
JT wearing a NKOTB T-shirt, my day is complete
Why are you so beautiful?!
Welcome to the Jungle, by on 24/7 commercial free DJ Mixes
I love braveheart Ive seen that film so many times
RT I Swear Me & Bra Really Came From The Mud. Now People In Other City Showing Us Love
OK. Thank you. I will watch the movie in the next few days.
same also ur gorgeous
Be certain the religion of love there are no believers or unbelievers love embraces all.
Lord of the rings
Preparations to Miss World pageant!
naraid66
Love you and over the moon to be in this play with you
Love you
Fabulous!
This is my last pic with my babies for a while i guess still love them with all my heart
May 1 TL si . Thank you
only 21 already thinking about settling down getting my own house with 10 cats
Thanks so much girly!
At the launch of the VIP Galway cards last night
had a lot of messages about the dress
Thankful today for all of our friends that have and continue to support us. We love you.
Thumbnails For
Double Nukes Pistolet // Discorde
and
Ayyy ya gurl also entered your code in my switch.
: I love you so much. You are so important to me and I just wait to see you next year
Um bonde desses bixo
hermoso bloqueo de Hightower
so sorry. Try to focus on the positive, what doing as well
Good Evening!
I love you too and I wait to hear your new music
Happie bday ARADHANA baby felt lucky to see u & ARTHI sissy once in sathyamdec 22that moment chance eh
Tea is the way to my
Arbeir macht frei baby get a job
Obrigada anjos
E desculpa por postar os prints no mesmo tweet ksksk
A weekend of dance.
I missed days like these
Pon repeat
Ribs.Turkey And Beer Prague Day1 Prague, Czech Republic
My dad is 1 in a million, I appreciate my old man sm
Sounds like a plan, but please remember to keep it elevated so it swell up. I hope it heals soon
gif
best friend
Not bad thank you
I still love this pic.
Thanks.
The definition of not knowing what you really have til gone what a manager Fergie
This
Thanks Sis! Love ya
please follow her and me too please hihihi
Dostum
always things u can learn. U always admire those qualities. Deepu
Congrats hun, you deserve everyone & more!!
You're Welcome Namjoon !
Thank you
My mom supports me Oddly enough, my mom was delighted when she learned that I had left the university and
I love you stay strong
I and glad they are ok. By the way, congrats to Camille for finding true
Women Trump
You always get a hug
still, the blanket comforts me
goodnight
Thank you (less) and (the most)
true
i can b ur angle ... or ur devill
Love My Momma Ion Know What Do Without Ha
UWU!
Thank you so much
Tell me what you're thinking
really sweet :) thank you so much!
Thank you
lets all stay fit and get to that bread
Plus I know how you your job
amazing they really have super powers I say mine do
One of the most powerful episodes of I've ever watched, beautifully told first class
Thank you for the smiles Jo abhi mere face pe musalsal hain
mom always is so happy to see Stella, the cutest thing. I love this man and his family so happy Stella has them
The paid us a visit today. Thank you for trusting us with your hair Fatuma we
Look at his cute smile while talking about his mum omg my heart
Dmg Desse
Thanks sis
Valentine
This year you're mine iixxii3_!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
OMG! like you read my mind!
I
Thank you so much ily
Yeah! We all HATED it
Yes!
I'm so excited!!!!
Forever grateful for your wisdom and coaching!
Adios Bilbao, hasta pronto
Ily
5minutes everyone 09020505110 6505110 they have to get through!
happy birthday !! hope having fun in Toledo (featuring : one of the many awkward
Definitely love this
Aha OMG x we got things in common we love EastEnders/Scott and now Robbie and Gary xx
are for doing what you love Today I am in the studio experimenting with turning my love of flowers
May 4 TLs si . Thank you
I hear you, poppet Oh, how's your furbaby, if I can ask
Ma gaud
this one.
thanks girl
happy birthday day primo hope u have a good one love you
Yummy
Song of the day by off of their newest album
giving you the recognition you deserve because you were absolutely amazing in tonight's episode
Online Career Training: 8 Signs It Might Be Right for You!
Valentine
This year you're mine 7ziim!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
LOS AMO
Thank you Tosin
Awww Get well soon my friend
was truly one of the most beautiful pieces of television I have ever watched and I hope everyone sees it. thank you,
As Mona piraaaaaa
Tmj
Chris has seriously drug me through hell and I stayed by his side and thank GOD changing his ways
Thank you babe
can't wait for it
Yes wena Girl! This is so me
Sometimes we find what we are looking for when we are getting back up
Merci de parler de Zelda
kidding, always going to support you every step of the way
Thank you for 100 Likes!
Je vais rester moi bb tqt
I love jimin for this. He's a good soul
so glad I came early to Chicago because this has been such a fun experience. I hope I travel alone more often. so empowering tbh
Saranghae Bae .
Loved getting to see this kid in action today! Watching my games is my favorite!
X factor performance absolutely out of this world. She is so awesome! So much emotion and feeling
and RT
i love you my whit
WISDOM!
we won the tailgate Indiana University
Thank yous o much I just got twitter 3 days ago
Congrats may even happier 8 years follow you and your family!!
John is always a good idea
Go watch new video!
Love that!
My Beautiful Sister
You Looking So Beautiful
Nice one brother x
Proudd
Afff amo vcs
I hope that I can join them, I'm happy to support good people.
Bin dran
bella
I her! ok we will just tax the hell out of th 1% meanies.
wait babe
I just like to hear them talk
Right now I love everyone. Also: I'm now on a quest to the east side for a specific store I haven't been to in
THOMAAAASSSSSS! Thanks brother
Amazing. WHEN humans are good, they are spectacular.
Sunday Funday
I had so much fun making this Mickey Mouse inspired beanie for my co-workers son. I wait
Gros sur et en tt cas.
Awesome!! easily one of my favorite albums that has come out this year and love to show my support!
So lovely and swirly
Hocam iyi ki be
I know but been forever! I miss you I better see you on Spring
occhioni
Soutien
I know he was tiiiiiiight but he should've had better reflexes
California, you can do this!
Love it when he wants a cuddle
Hi baby. Can you send me the like the photos please?
Thank you, my love!
Thank you so much
oh sweet qualcast nostalgia
dead after passenger train derails in
My thoughts and prayers
Candid pictures are literally my favorite thing in this world
Black
Anytime!! You know how much I adore your work
ok im done spamming
FaceTiming my sister is the highlight of my week. 3 weeks till here to visit
SIMPLE
YES SIS, I AM SO GLAD YOU CHOSE TO SHOW YOURSELF THROUGH MY HASHTAG. ILY
iris west-allen linda sem defeitos
Passion
GGMU
Hope feeling a bit better today luv
And this
Thank YOU LORD
I Love YOU
Please stay with me Always!
I love texts like this. Popularized science
Thanks Sasha You are quite gorgeous yourself
i love you dude worry WA ready for our crazy shenanigans when i come visit thanks
Trent tugging at the old heart strings
I miss our shit-show & our fav OTP
Winning with that beautiful smile
Hehe! Thankyou
Achi to lagi na ?
method for the ladies!!!! sheshredscommunity sean_radich Falls Creek
& to & her family
That looks so fit
just arrived in rome
I remember growing up with this beautiful soul
Thank you. That means a lot to me.
I've heard how bad things have been for you. I hope you find a place that values how great of a person you truly are
Roary looks comfy
Thanks
Perfect night :
Binge watching friends
Comfortable pjs
Hot chocolate
Popcorn
BOOM perfect night
Muito Linda
Your songs are masterpieces
Love is Everything
Thanks for the kind words and recommendation!
Loved it!
Perfect night at the Riverwalk
Maybe you guys will win out so you can lose to Alabama again
T.Y. Hilton
Hope your feeling better
Thanks mama!
Snapchat - BlushSnaps
They love each other and they both queens
Mini pumpkin patch w/ my mini pumpkin
Happy Birthday I hope you have a great day friend!!
Happy Respiratory Care Week to all my PEEPS!
Oakdale, California
21:21
Mais non.
hey hey, thanks boo
TODA LA VIDA
sksks you made it omg hit me up with some layouts please
Always saying bye at airports is like getting a chunk of my heart ripped away. If are cool with him, shoot a call to your Pops
is my frequency
I give my to you if thata what it means to you
Thank you
I love you
leysam ig
Always happy to share the Sian love.
Michael Crawford legend onscreen and onstage
They will air it here tomorrow. wait
You worry about me...
We'll get through this
Oh Aubrey gonna be okay. That guy was stupid and he is immature for using you and not
So sorry for your loss. Bill will help for sure. He always does.
Space Bound - Eminem
of said it any better
Hihi thankyou . Not really
I have loved these books
RM69 one persons
I love Willow-bee. Puyallup, Washington
Much love to you, Martha
BPSP her!
My World
Lots of love to you and duas for your darling sister may Allah bless her with a high rank in jannah.
Don't forget use for help to I-Carat on Billboard
working hard
High!
Nothing beats black!
I love you! Hopefully soon
Happy birthday
Congratulations Marie & Amrit! 10.13.18 at muskegolakescountryclub Muskego Lakes Country Club
absoloute beaut perfect song choice,
Perfect voice. Totally loved it!
Happy birthday
How strong you are
beautiful so precious
Of course had to be featured somewhere on my pumpkin
thank youuu!
Ohh my friend! This struggle!
Hammered Heart earrings
save our hearts for those who care
Tawhid it's life
Mano DG
I added a video to a playlist Abraham Hicks Why do I Receive Contrary Answers No ads in
me puse soft ahr
Hi!!!
She is beautiful
I love you so much
Hello Goddess
I'm so blessed!
Thank You LORD GOD.
Hey NYC good
Come see about me IM IN LOVE WITH THIS SONG
I wish you were here to see the expression on my face
You are so BEAUTIFUL
My Queen
Lots of LOVE from Mauritius
no song can beat el dorado and legendary high notes tbh
Special Birthday shoutout to the super talented, awesome personality Have a nice one today babes
Thank you Gurmeet Super show tonight ! See you soon
The whole family in doha for their sembreak vacay. sunglao clan escapade doha edition.
Successful senior night :) to the last time cheering Friday night lights
Breakfast with a nice cup of coffee is just the best thing ever. Joe's Cafe
..
Good Evening!
I miss her a lot ! I miss her smell and our crazy time together .. albee hayate omriii ana
Thank you
Feeling SO lucky to have the people I do. The most amazing family/friends around me and the most supportive boyfriend
Love this pic of dylanweller mackeymarley
Two of my favourite people ever Thanks for
Yaw go get with her i love seeing us young people making it somewhere your doing great girl
x London
Fine
: You are loved, cute and awesome friend, never doubt on it because I will always keep telling you this
Parks and recreation
thank you libs, I miss and love you too plans soon
Thank you so much too and make a fantastic job for support
Lmao love you too trash ass
Thank you and God bless you
han visto algo mas hermoso?
rohhh abuse pas
07/10
MDS, MUITO OBRIGADA, MEU AMOR
Right I'll catch up with the rest tomorrow to give ye a chance to see yer timeline again Love ye all
Proud of you
All things hearts and beautiful
Don't lose hope. You are loved.
Cheer up butter cup
Love ya X miss you
RIh jah
Aww Jared was there to support Jensen & watch him sing
any signed copies of CARDBOARD KINGDOM in NYC? On vacation and would love to find a copy for my son. his favorite.
Another experience to add to the list; BARCELONA here come the girls
Who wants to join us? we call this work
Much love to you and yours, Connie.
to my future boo
Brooklyn staycation with this beauty Hilton Brooklyn New York
I Wish that you were here
The queen is ready
Dr. Jari Laukkanen on Sauna Use for the Prevention of Cardiovascular & Disease on
Would really appreciate it if you guys checked out my Behance!
so important to remember !
I will ask allah to be with you forever, once here and once in paradise
always fun to do just be careful that I get us lost again...
is my hero
nice to be nice
Miss you
Happy belated birthday bb!
Ok. feel pressured
HAPPY 21st BIRTHDAY GIO Have a great day Love You!
I mean how the hell can you not like her voice?!
Thank you and God bless you
All that and more for you babygirl
I love you sm
um couple desses galero
I love twitter
Come see me and more beautiful ladies walking today for power of women fashion show
Yeah
I like the style
Jovie Rose.
The Wiggles and snack.
We love it
really not a half empty cup Rene. Why is that your perspective? His cup for you runs over with blessings.
It's ok to let go and take care of urself for once
Happy bday gorlies. Blessed to be the 3rd twin that was born 2 years earlier.
Don't mess up my tempo
Our love
Gold panel was lovely
Thank GOD this crazy woman lost.
T
H
A
N
K
G
O
D
One of my favorite tweeps so far, beautiful vOiCe beautiful FaCe
goes out the officer, RIP. goes to his family both home and office. Catch the
simplement incroyable
Thank you and God bless you
Happy birthday thank you for everything done to us and I hope you have a fab day love you xxx
asdffg thank u
Who would you take to Bora?
|
to my beautiful Twitter friend for the kind appreciation of my weekend tweet!
sorry...my in the streets
This is so beautiful
I got a date to hoco :)
Zo mooi door lieve Susan
and i live without u or charl
HERMOSO
it!!! I listen to it 30 times a day... go watch!
Thank you and God bless you
My girls
Would love to end my birthday with an awesome surprise for NJ Pretty please with a cherry on top?!
Love the colour!
BK had to come visit aunt lys today
I loved this episode
Wonderfull princes T-girl
Beautiful cookc
all in the number
Congratulations and wait to see what you do next week!
happy birthday , I love you so much , enjoy your birthday beautiful
oh Chelsey so sorry to hear that, I hope he and your family are okay xxx
(No matter how grown...) Still our little BUB!!!
Jungoo...
I've just gone 'awwwwwww' at the tiny baby footprints. Adorable
I love being an aunt first time feeding a baby today, thankfully Griffin was patient with me
Simplicity queen
mon THANK YOU!
for your glory x tasha cobbs
My baby boy is getting so old :')
Subscribe to my channel will be posting a video soon
PTK!
Auszeit an der Nordsee ...
Everyday me and moms get closer and closer... my bestesttttt friend ever
Manchester and Liverpool next month before I jet off to France and I can not wait
Same for u too ! Me & your family love u truly Olivia !
50 year old starter pack
Thanks RayMonFalconi Family
My are open
birthday message to Kim.
So should be safe to share....meet Archie, the French Bulldog based on a real family pet and made of cake, he
I love my boys
Good evening all, check out my latest. All comments returned
Obg meu anjo
Cuddles in bed is my favourite part of the day
Ily x
Thank you very much, a gorgeous show and I am so happy to be a part of it
I love so f*cking much because she has a good soul and she is so kind and care about others and makes Z happy and loves us
I u
Thanks bby
sure he is
I believe almost November. not sure where October went but excited to see my family next month
TOMMY GOT OUT THIS MORNING
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Thank you!
Scampi: Not as much as we love cake
Love the Irony
My prayers are with you
I love you thanks for everything!!!!!!!
Ready For Some Fire GP
We Are Live On Twitch!
Blackops4 Gameplay!
Come Make Friends And Chat!
FRIENDS GM LIFE.
there is love there is life. Mahatma Gandhi
a voice. Not an echo.
Thank you so much for that message!! It can just make you feel so crap tho it? I
Nobody messes with my girl Love ya girl!
Thanks
i envoie des nudes
Yes you are may u both's love bloom more everyday couple goals
Well this just made me cry Gods power is amazing
This will be 's reaction when I meet
Reflection
Thank you for being you
Aww so sorry! Hope he heals fast
If so...I will help boost
I... should not have said this.
Amo! se disfrazando de Chaplin
Knowing you are happy makes my heart so happy
Thanks for the We like you too!
GOOD LUCK TO THE BOYS SO PROUD OF THEM NO MATTER WHAT HAPPENS
and a very good Mum Michele .all down to you
Happy Birthday, Princess
|. Lots of love for you. let negativity pull you down, you deserve so much more!
so beaut
Baby Jesus
Hinata
I can't agree with this enough. Never, ever doubt it.
Laucha bebite hermose, te queremos mucho
Thank you and God bless you
I appreciate you, Senpai, but take care of you.
I know I need to keep telling myself that thank you!!xo
to my Twitter friend for the gracious appreciation of my weekend tweet!
These girls can borrow my flannel anytime (30 Photos)
Directioners, I discovered a new trick to get 15 FREE
Check my
I miss you way more cramming for a midterm Tuesday. AFTER THAT IM BACK
Backpack looks sooooo nice
chill Sunday w/ my people.
YOU GUYS LOOK SO CUTE
from anisatayob - rabbaitulbaitkzn sway121 maple_confectionery -
you did wonderfully as always
So proud of you Lima bean ily
Oh yeah!!
the masters
Thank you so much gorgeous!!
Dont be pressured
That's mean a lot Dylan so much. Thank you & right back at you . Also Yoooo Let's Get it
My king
literally now but thank you very much
Aff, q friozinho bom
sure he is
I my crazy puppy
We Have to make this happen
Blackpool for me this weekend
Thank you and God bless you
Biology has David Attenborough, Physics has Brian Cox; and Chemistry has Martyn Poliakoff
worry not! they are spent in complete happiness 100% can promise you that v_v
Ps love this
Dolly Parton wrote I will always love you and Whitney Houston did not get away with it the way she does
Binge watching videos at 3am i want her to collab with the
I this plan so much. Ohio has such a rich history of Air and Space flight
This is so beautiful
Thank you pops for traveling 1,200 miles to come see me play
Thank you and God bless you
happy birthday lil mot! hope going great :)
you did an amazing performance!! so proud of you
I love weekend getaways
Wow my heart
Like my room so far George? all The Beatles stuff is from the & the Elvis ones are from
yess thank you!! i got them already, see on my liked tweets
Non ho parole
update 10/21
Translation: Receive all the blessings, we must definitely go together in
Follow
I vote for from
Sdv
HMX
Ojuolape you have a very beautiful smile, let anyone take it away from you
I live how my grandmother never sit still.. At her age always hitting concerts, taking trips, out shopping.. That's how my wife gonna be
thank you!!
this "beautiful" soul really misses you
Tim, please visit us at Apple MTZ. Would be a dream!
Preciate it slatt
Hasta que
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Follow These Instructions To Gain Followers
Don't Just LIKE, RETWEET too.
RETWEET so that many people
Trump trains!
Am i the only one who keeps checking IG to make sure this a dream and it really happened
My baby girl owns
thanks hunny
Thank you and God bless you
Thank you for the follows solidarity comrades
Ah OK ty Jan for Altered Carbon season 2 you have news ?
ill be deactivating soon thank you guys for being part of my hubadera journey i love you all
hi best friends
sorry for taking a while to reply to everyone, my notifications are not working at all
What's on your mind?
You can believe the Alice.I'll be the mad hatter
to my Twitter friend for the kind appreciation of my weekend tweet!
...another beautiful weekend at home with my Mama,Sis and our children. Sis cooked, Mama baked...I had fun
Another one from last night
I love you sis thank you so much , now come visit , so we can turn up down souf dallas style lol
chanyeol out here giving us some guns
usm homecoming
Thank you
Lee Min Ho
LOTTE Duty Free Family Concert
October 21.2016
A Two Year ago
Need to that running game.
DDG u really hitting me mad hard wit these music dates like damn nigga
Thank you and God bless you
Doing something artistic and during travel
thank you so much halla girl love you!!
Quit playing games with my Elmont, New York
wait
HAVE A GOOD ONE
Without edits
PRO mode
Con toda la
can't forget my tima too
Yeassss bro
omggg can i have this one pleaseee
love this so much
Amazing work by the gorilla doctors as infant in Amahoro group successfully rescued from a rope snare
Thanks for sharing the
Valentine
This year you're mine exid_co!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Thank you and God bless you
jaymimurphy@gmail.com
Amen!
Comecei a assistir Chicago Med
1 semana desse show
i'm proud of you, always
I wish she would perform this song more I absolutely love it I always
Thank you for the birthday treats from peacelove_nonuts
This is literally ash
Women are so amazing
Bu Hayatta En Sevdik
Blessed every day
I them
You are your amazing thanks so much for getting involved with us
I will, thank you love
I love Sundays
Is this acoustic video on YouTube? I totally want to listen to the whole thing on there I saw
My love
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
muito linda
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!
Thanks baby had fun
He's reaching out in the darkness, but--
Give a for a less-than-serious/parody interaction.
Thank you but not even
to my Twitter friend for the kind appreciation of my weekend tweet!
It's not your fault!! it's okay :) Twitter has issues
Best shit bad wolves ruled the night Schlachthof Wiesbaden
El patio -
Con mucho amoor para
She'll be flipping through our minds all day (Video)
This is literally my lifetime jam. Frfr Cc
Music and Lyrics in Hulu
Your hilarious
Love is the ultimate religion
And maybe because I'm looking for the anime I've watched last year, that's the cutest among those I've watched.
Haha luv yours!!!
This was Friday night when I was drunk!!! Lol
vamo!
You, too!
I love this
My favourite royals
Hoje eu sonhei com
you look amazing love
After 18 years, I'm finally not alone anymore. Life is wonderful.
hi love this really made my entire day. i hope you also enjoyed this beautiful day, i love you
Happy Birthday bby I love you
Lovely picture, thank you
Maury knew I was having a bad morning, so he decided to put me on w/ new slaps love this dude
The perfect time to rewatch series right before a test. loving it
I want your piecesss
My new Selfie For
I math, but I dig these hip to waist ratios
only
Yessssss mine have pandas
hey, how are you?
omg.. wow.. can Santa send me this?! i was super good this year i promise
Julia Roberts Revista Bazaar
I appreciate it
College Football Party with our amazing show ensemble
Gosto forte
Roller Bet number 2
Make sure to like this tweet
DC United vs New York City Over 1.5 first half goals -
te amo
Mellon = Mellon
Mrs. Hanein getting EVP Pin My Econ Executive Vice President Promotion
I love you
ta pp
Visit the chat room of the beautiful & HOT PatriciaGoddess
Go to:
Happy birthday ! hope a good one
Thank you.
KYCBench team goes to Malta Blockchain summit!
Read below to learn more.
Join our Telegram
Oh, Grandma would be SO proud! Looks amazing! x
Because I lost my cousin this way.
Please donate to this important cause if you can, but definitely share.
So prettyful
The first dance
Wow! A beautiful red Chichester, West Sussex
68% funded! 32% to go
No one actually understands why I love this song so much.
MAGA ticket please!
would cost to operate but.....I am sure we can work something
Herm Dragon
tall
bi with no
innocent
Love and Light King
itii
My mama and granny gone love what I give them
Cheese Grits, and bacon
Sundays with Kwame
Just gets better week by week
the one that ALWAYS wanted. never go away ..
Chapa wedding was a success
The lord of the rings
Yep, She hoped for the first was so tender here
i love you.
You play Em so beautifully
What about Emily inspires you the most?
Kind that ends your flu
Good luck for tonight
This made my heart sing
how will I know - Whitney Houston
Forget a spooky basket I got my self a boo 10/20/18
Thank you and God bless you
all the mvp comments on yelichs post its what he deserves
What a cutie! The little girl of is growing so fast. Mom-Baby Photoshoots are awesome. Did you
Cuantos RT para esta foto.
OhNice
You're fine. Go be successful instead.
With my loves! First time in the recliners! watching SMALLFOOT Movie at CEC Theatres
Ma boyy
A hero
Shawn please can you follow she loves you loads
Life is beautiful I'm content
babies love me & I love them right bck
Curva Nord
Curva Sud
I relate it to many things
We like her character a lot! And Jack too - they truly form an unbreakable bond! ^EA
Thx
Lady Gaga in is just everything and more! Beautiful performance
Iskender Kebab is
Lol, dead twins Alhamdulillah
Festejando mi
so glad everything is okay
I saw that the new doctor who episode was written by and got so excited!! This will be so good!
i love you soooooo much agi you have no idea
Weekend well spent
Welsh cycling awards absolutely lush catching up with everyone
She was smiling when she noticed aawww
Continue being outspoken and continue voicing out where it matters.
Have a blessed week ahead.
Grayson's out here livin his best life at his first "famous" game so pumped! FedExField
Awe
Advance Happy birthday Annayya
Daniel beeing the sweetheart he is
I love the best thing to come out of since one direction
Thank you and God bless you
Project baby
Oh you are wonderful! I have something in my eye.
Thank you so much for everything and !! Charmed family forever
lucky to have you as a friend. I love you long time
I called it from the beginning, the one for me.
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Tq awk moga murah rezeki with get_repost
Tq awk for the dinner korg
My daughter
Ur smile is enough to make me happy all the day
Sorry but I care bout my money
I had hurt someone heart
*Yomna reacted love* bs bkrahek bardo
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
FUE GENIAL GRACIAS A TI
shout out to my girl for helping me make this money I needed it forreal thanks girl hit her
Romancing the Stone.
Valentine
This year you're mine AMI_4426!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Debra your are amazing
Thank you for the chance
Tks Trubisky!
Let's Go Jackson
ahhh
As long as with you think be dark when you get us lost, but nope...
Say hi to my little wolf
Had a great time with this queen. I love you so much
nvm JC you aight
Thank you for the support
aww she is beautiful congratulations
Thank you!
Small Foot.
Thanks darling
I love my family and not just talking about the
It aint the jeans im lookin at its the bulge
Troyboy Loves his Nannas
Especially Grandads Settee in the Conservatory Halesowen
AS IT SHOULD BE
Edit de
Hocam varsa umut hep
geceler
Finally finished it! One inktober sketch I'm happy with
I love the fact that josh and I always get compliments on being so cute and happy together I love my best friend
This beautiful hymn, never fails to move me mascara warning!
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
follow me first ifb
My heart what a woman
everybody go and watch new video with and forget to like
Sigan dando a la foto en Instagram y manden dm.
Thank you and God bless you
Mi Phoebe
and sam_harris25 are a couple of ride-or-die homies
is THE best
Wow
Siempre
in USA.
Congratulations Camille
God bless you for saying this
Watching Rak-su on xfactor and buzzing for November for Meadowhall Christmas Live to see them
His rolex and me
I wish I would be able to go
i follow back
Always listen to your heart... it might beat fast but it speaks softly too... always listen
Purging my tweets what I was talking about 11/6/12. I miss you so much
Now when you caption a church video with "Daddy "...
What do the purple satin clothes do when you're taken by
I know a lot of people bitch about their co workers but an appreciate post because mine are the best
De ontem
everybody go and watch new video with and forget to like
Swain M&G was super fun!! Sad that I got outbid for Rob's tho but regardless, many hugs were had
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
a very talented gal!
Yep. That's really true. Football is LIFE
94
Jin
Ok so my heart Summer liked my tweet
If you're jealous, show it. Jealous guys turn me on Don't over do it though
My boys + benj ofc x
A real one
Spending quality time with my chaparra
Omg thanks so much nickii it means a lot! Much love
SYTYCD Season 14 Academy: Jenna & Kevin dance via yaaaassss
RT if follow you. dm this tweet to him and hopefully he will follow some you
Omg this is all so sweet, actually melting
I love you! glad everything ended well. Have fun and rest well!
I'm so glad I got to see the first performance of
You looked amazing tonight, and you were so loved
reflection - sope / vminkook au
[345]
annoying
How do you still look so fine on front camera
I Stan
I love you
Mama u asked me to walk u down the aisle on ur wedding yesterday (20 oct) and it was an honor u were there 4
Ily2 bro
AMSTERDAM
That is, in fact, exactly our aim in making this podcast.
Love your shoes
I don't deserve their love off
Way to go Minnesota!
Nutella filled pancakes for the Sunday Blues..
(my waistline o! )
I'm sorry sending love and prayers your way .
well the edit says it all really I love you lady xxx
meus
thank you angel i love you
My first grader just said, "hey momma look... a trapezoid" My math is full.
- sunday = family day & furley done cooked dinner oh yeaaahhhhh , now we just watching the eagles play in sipping
I me some Been watching you for years...Tay Whaaaaat!!
And I was excited to see you too!!! we need to plan another day to drink and spend the night
Texas Roadhouse thanks to my sisters for treating
Sending you wishes for a speedy recovery
ily and always here to talk.
Tu vas y arriver bb
in USA.
Paloma Faith - Loyal (Official Video) Art
Well done everyone believe WE WON
Joy Division - Love Will Tear Us Apart (best audio)
surrounded by amazing people
Congratulations to both of you
I will, thank you
Thank you and God bless you
Everyone stop what your doinggo watch jacks new a good one@Jack_Maynard23
I still occasionally check in on the Body Coach
I love you and so cute
Thank you and God bless you
Could you please follow me? Lota of love
Happy Sweet 16 !!! Wish all the best!
Ft.
your welcome king ILY2
It was so good seeing you last night boo Shay glizzy!! Lol.
Thank you to for being the best bestest bestest ever. I honestly do not know what I would do without you.
It's been one year already... Miss them so much
outstanding!
I you
I can totally relate!
Thank you and God bless you
streaming w my goons , come show some love
God bless my brother even though you like visiting me, mxim.. all love bro
You got this
Fuck Sex Can We Lay Down & Roll Up We Still Gone Fuck But Can We Smoke First
How many of you people like the series? I just love it
Taking 9 am meetings from home instead of gritting my teeth through the rush hour hordes.
thank you!
We
Hubby
Omg been one year since I met for the first time, I love you so much Liz
Mein hoon sath teray..
fab
Meu anjinho
What a GORGEOUS Woman You are Maggie Sawyer
Keep up that beautiful mindset
con mi Roberta te amo
This.
The Fall collection for agxofficial drops now.
Thank you for the opportunity alicejeanne823
Show
I love my Mom so much. She is my angel
Nice
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY SISTER I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!! blackout today again
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Valentine
This year you're mine wantdrinknow!
And you, whom will be yours?
extremely talented & we loveeee
I LOVE YOU
mon
Lazy afternoon with erostic - a bottle of wine shared poolside between long term friends 4 Forty Flagler
A great teacher is always teaching
Hometown News
Waddles!!
I know what was I thinking see I put lows in the past tho
YES! those moves! And love the single.
gave a political answer just then
Thank you.
Thanks love
I finally got round to tell my mum, Ethan noticed me she was more excited than I was, love that my mum stand the twins as well
obrigadaaaa
Thank you! What a precious pup!
Grace is my new celebrity crush.
Fireworks celebrations at seaview.
We wish you all the best and success
Love somebody that's hard to love today.
Valentine
This year you're mine iixxii3_!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
for a tbhhhh
Also, this new album. Love
YOU ARE SORELY MISSED SENATOR
Aww Steph thank you sweetie always here
We love you so much LA. So sorry for your and your loss. Sending our light and prayers your way.
this girl
Maybe another day boys
OMG :00000!!!!!
gracias qvq
He will be so happy to see this....he designed it himself Thank you
You nailed it the would she/wouldn't she moment will stay with me! Fantastic
That smile
Merci beaucoup
We're sending you and your family all of our love, We are so sorry for your loss.
Esihle is canceled
My mythical husband
we are waiting
Mexico Video by
My love
i know how you feel dm me if you ever need someone to talk to
Tata just got him today finally
from belfast
Thank you mom
had so much fun lastnight that we hardly took any pictures, but my 18th birthday was the best horror nights!
beautiful and worthy. Never forget that. I love you thank you for this
Hola
That lion/awd is precious!
Forget a spooky basket I got myself a boo 10/20/18
Thank you gorgeous
I come online and this is the first thing I see. I'm actually crying, happy tears
My ship has sailed
Thank you and God bless you
Je vous love
So saying Little T-time or Baby T-time is what we shall call him
Congrats brotha
Ayudenmeeee, a la
aww
Muitoooo obrigada amores
Swimming training for the 2036 olympics started today.
afford another one? If you rip man
kiki and tombo
He's very sweet
9 days till Reva reunite... buzzing
It's okay
Keep working hard and try to choose songs which can portray your strength as well
Puppy Alert
Sweet Mango will be joining Pets Bring Joy this week and we need to raise funds to help her
Like my pictures? Follow El Seven on Instagram > so you can like them for real lol
Unforgettable lovely princess
Directioners, I discovered a new trick to get 15 FREE
Always my personal person
Thank you and God bless you
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
JAJAJAJA GRAX
Thanks babe a star
LOLITA MX
55 8561 4708
Watch this
I love these beautiful girls with my whole heart!!
Seriously understanding more and more of Gods grace and love , Worship session on my break The Bridge is
Netflix monthly subscription for 100 pesos is
Segue o domingo
I wait to move out and not tell anyone where I live
Thank you and God bless you
morrendo de amores
Edwin Wieringh among the best of all time
Stay in peace my friend
From hell to heaven
Hey
not your fault your notifications working. Twitter is being silly by the sounds
Hiking Trips are spectacular littleetee what a gorgeous day!
Wow. Beautiful
It's getting late, work needs to be done tomorrow. Goodnight to all my followers and my ult AlphaBAT, my ONF boys and all the cats
Love u back
Nok From the Future - Alright
Outstanding artworks by
Comment below what you think about this dazzling artwork and double tap
SERIA PERFEITOOO
I tried drawing Miss Perrie Edwards but not great but heyyyy (if you
loving morning beauty routine!
Featuring the COSRX Ultimate Nourishing Rice Overnight
happy birthday to my babies. my fave triplets everrrr! have the bestest day ever my loves. had
you've got a message !
les 100M ! )
Gol crl!!! Vai Corinthians
and RT
Doctor Who gives me hope in humanity
living for this hashtag
Please, please!! fans, I need your 'likes' in my comment I'm Carmen Bathory. Click here. Thanks >
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MECHANIC forget to fix the computers lol have a good one ex duo
My girl her thing since 2005!
To quote my cuzio, "Keep tweeting you magnificent bastard!" (No disrespect intended, Mr. President.)
I liked a video Lovely Live Stream Bulma Bunny
Obrigada
Goooool curinthias
Oh my goodness gonna make me cry. Thank you so much that means a lot
Thanks so very much! doing pretty good
wait to go home to my InshaAllah
I hate myself goodnight
Szefie
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Great morning! Thanks for coming our way!
I need to see this live
This is incredible Dami!! I would love to support you any way I can
Thank you and God bless you
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
i love you
Get cracking ladies
Thank you so much for offering to listen to me. I am okay now.
So yummy.
Me siento feliz hoooooy
aff meus sentimentos rapha
Dear Great Pumpkin
Happy birthday to the queen that is Carrie Fisher forever in our hearts and forever missed
Honestly loving!
Just to that god out there a big THANK YOU
It's been 6 yrs for me dreaming about this and today I just received
Why ?
shoutout to the sweet sister who gave me the tour at
ZL from a memphis alumna
A RARE picture of my dad and I
Why is she me
Thank you and God bless you
We can rule the world
TE AMO
I'm so lucky to have Lee, he may drive me crazy but he's the only thing that gets me through most days
one thing I can say about my fl, he's always there. no matter what
Brilliant pics Tony, Lancashire impressive walking distance too
Ay si me lo si
Amazing as always Liam! So proud of you
Jimin-ssi!!
the vocals , the energy , the outfits , the choreography... everything about that was insane SO proud i
To all my followers: the booper to my
Pink details, as a sneakpeek of something bigger coming up. Just saying.
Thank you and God bless you
Happy birthday I hope you have a good day.
thanks for following
Luxury Resort Beach in Punta Cana
She is precious so is Mr Morgan
Good for you - you have a special gift from God your creativity and loving heart go
When Jameson hears anyone belt out a song he automatically goes and thinks me My biggest fan
VAI TOMAR NO CU JADSON DE JACA DO CARALHO, TE AMO
mature friendly & kinky loving companion at your service. . feel free to contact / book me anytime! talk
TE AMOO
JLO is hella fine
So I decided if I win the 1.6 Billion dollar lottery, screw you crypto losers.. just kidding, I love my CT
Thank you and God bless you
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Boca 1= RT
Boca 2 = FAV
My baby girl
thank you though
oww trop gentil
You made my Day
Kim Wonshik is coming soon to Europe. The hype is real. Omgg yes I'll see him on 20 days I can't wait
Rest In Power, Bob Cavakis
Gracias por tanto
Awe you are among friends.
Thank you Judy
I'm here for ivosho
Goodnight my only one God bless you love u so much
anniversary weekend was lit cheers to another year
Feliz mami
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: Make an offer I am moving, everything must
Luxury great team
water with salt and lemon
Hmm sorry and leave it
Impossible! you know i love you most
in this picture that is it, the tweet
Finally reached to 1000 Follower. Yay
Thanks to all of you
Stay blessed
Tested & trusted
For a smooth & soft skin
:31601
:
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
million hertz
love in motion
YAAAAAS, I'M SO PROUD OF YOU BOYS
oh meu deus
Few days for your birthday ya Alby
Sisters by heart
because i live for the ILY TOO
Definition of handsome, baby boy.
Most of the time we are too much in our heads and not enough in our hearts
East Atlanta Love Letter this whole album is amazing.
when your grandmas way of loving you is buying you books that teach healing and self care
Salud para todas las mamis
=
Reckon we could tweet this (with credit to you)?
Thank you and God bless you
thanks so much for retweeting
Goolllllll
Beyond thankful for all the support I have
I love so much
I love who I love
Just when I needed my friend she calls with plans
Yuna's Better Now cover is really damn good. You're amazing
3 words that make you happy:
Black Veil Brides
for you all! from Ohio!
Awesome pic Chris!!! stealing it! Bells
Thank you Spencer, really ! It really pleases me. And Congrats for your qualification monster
I miss this so much!! So proud to see you again at that stage, this time as winner's
Our hearts are with you, Selma
LOVE YOU BOO last night was iconic.
Our hearts are with you, Selma
Forgot to post for sweetest day but okay cuz EVERYDAY is sweetest day for my baby
Sunday Smiles with Shiori
Glad we appreciate each other, we matter too.
Love this device
Way to go
loving the charm.
Melhor time
Thank you and God bless you
its so great being surronded by such positive people
Try this one. It's my favorite !
Need to speak to her
welcome!!
thanks for retweeting
Ready for the day! Las Vegas, Nevada
thank you
Omg
Just lurking and seeing that my fairy godmother letting anyone make it.
Stop flirting with me! The honor is all mine you superstar.
You are the example of the perfect father, and I can only be proud of you
Everytime I get high I just think about you
Thank you and God bless you
You will never speak to anyone more than you speak to yourself in your head. Be kind to yourself
Mine wears her Chucks with all fancy dresses.
I think it was possible to anymore, until she just danced to
the german version of yesterday's video is up on my verarztet dich!
Follow everyone who retweets and likes this
` day 296
sis delete this bc of the Qur'an quotation and then repost I got a lot of backlash and I want you to be saved from it.
Nothing beats the old park in Island Homes.
Thank you and God bless you
So adorable Sooooo happy you two are through! You deserve it and I wait to see your Halloween
welcome, you deserve it! And thank you!
Can't wait until someone knows that they want me every single day and that they want me to be their wife
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
get this W
THANKYOU LORD!!!! idk what i did to deserve this
have fun my boys
Finally
This gorgeous patient struggled with her skin for countless years She had seen many providers, been
Merci beaucoup bro
Perfection like this deserves a big Find Her (38 Photos)
True! We could be using this time to do something much more productive.
Like playing Skyrim
Mexico Video by
Also, here is some cute JunnaNana content as well!
My Bunny
Love you
This gorgeous patient struggled with her skin for countless years She had seen many providers, been
ily2 and i will
Laugh as much as you breath and love as much as you live. Today is a blessed day. y'all!
NEED MORE 1232 TWEEPS IN LIFE.. BLOCKED FROM ALMOST WHOLE TWITTER NOW..
Tweet like Khala Ponay 2
Thank you and God bless you
Rest In Peace Sammy.
The fault in our stars
This gave me goosebumps. So talented
Thank you!!
Wrong result! You two were amazing
Our Gorgeous Red Knitted Cardigans Are Selling Out Fast!!!
.
.
.
.
.
my fave outfit too. I mean all the outfits
Tomorrow we will kick off Red Ribbon Week by wearing red!
Strength and love to you, my sweet friend.
Happy face of henry!!
I have such an old soul & good heart.
There are a couple people that I trade for the world
Thankyou to all my 2.4KFollowers
we all need to be fighting our asses off for this
ME encantan
Congrats to Shane and you, Ed Sheeran
Thank you and God bless you
Sin Tu
is my number 1 redhead ever sorry Jessica rabbit and
Valentine
This year you're mine llAsyll!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Bon fet Cheri
my heart
Haha glad that you've enjoyed it so much!
I cannot wait for you to meet the full cast, and see what we're doing next
No livestreams today. I'm out of the house today and I won't have time. Sorry.
Happy Birthday, Melora. With birthday hugs and kisses. I'm in love with you.
K.J.
Love a Simon Reeves documentary on a Sunday. So relaxing
Dm.
Thank you!
Dm me for bookings and meet ups now
While watching all of conspiracy theory videos.
Stop Growing Up Boldon
aw I really needed this today thank you so much never lose yours either
Je te kiff
So fun being a part of the Q&A panel with yesterday
likeeee for a spam
Awh I love you liki! but you looked Hot as well !
How Special Jimmy
And She's Still ADORABLE, Sutures& All!(& sure She feels Much Better Now! TY 4 Sharing!
So proud of you both!!
Happy Birthday Big Man
Valentine
This year you're mine dosviduli_epta!
And you, whom will be yours?
Fatime likes pussy
Fuck boys
Nikita
Joey
Fatime in gay
Fatime isn't straight
That's all I can think of sorry
So happy for you!
You definitely deserve it
My heart
Watch this little girl try so hard to get Alexa to play her jam
This is so cute
RETWEET!
Thank you interesting article
You stand even when you sit. Much
Thank you and God bless you
Thank you
Best friend out here breaking hearts congrats Steebie
Que amigas tan bellas tengo
Congrats to my little cousin/brother on his launch of the Jordan Flight Lab. If in LA, check it out
sont grave douces. Vraiment beaucoup trop adorables
BOOHHHH NOUS AUSSI ON T'AIME FORT BB
Come through just realised who he looks like...
I love your blouse
Loving this weather!
Sana
It's all love tho
My people
Goodnight Bump
cause saving up for a trip to come see me
believe your gone , youse were amazing
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BEST FRIEND
Awww this is lovely
we out here stealing their money!
Thanks to everyone who liked my tweet, i like all of u
photography
Another exceptional song by Elvis. Awesome, awesome
reactions every week make me ao happy, i love her too much
check out your sis
Perfect night with the perfect guy
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
There goes my sleep due to anxiety. Now going to be up all day awaiting my Quee announcement.
QuAnD Ta PoTe tE DiT rePArLe A Son Ex
3500 10k
Hahaha
Pardon
a
Beautiful inside and out
got talking about flight training and
My baby girl. The things I save ...... love you sooooo much.
.@LiamPayne backstage at the
So so sorry - sending you lots of
Amen I thank you
Happy Sunday! Keep smiling and speaking LIFE OVER YOURSELF & those you LOVE
.
.
.
Missing Polynesia special
rip chrissy Pooh
This is why we're brother and sister.
Goodmorning
He's so beatiful
Fell in love with a ninja 400 yesterday
Loved Ones TUSKEGEE UNIVERSITY
kyuzizi inspiritddww wowwh Seongyeol1991 INFINITELKIM infiniteyounges NO INFINITE NO LIFE
Will any channel telecast live and marriages ceremonies... I want to watch it
Thank you and God bless you
The Red Project | Debut Single You Only
DAY COUNTDOWN BEGINS .
.
.
... So he had to run and buy the burgers, in a supermarket. Lol!
can i get to acknowledge me? make my day
10 and 50 and tell you what my Halloween costume is for Tuesday.. 20 and 60 for a sneak
Reminds me of hobi's ears
IL FENOMENO
Is it a Love or Swami D Tom effect?? Theaterle afai show add gardecha ta 9:30 PM ko
Chhakka Panja running
Congratulations, Thando
Thank you and God bless you
Huge shout out to Misty for completing the Columbus FULL Marathon!!!
I'm crying my eyes out, Thank you whoever you are
Got relationship advice from my mom for the first time.. I so glad our relationship has gotten to where it is now
love youu
As long as you happy happy . Love you BigHead
last night consisted of painting pumpkins, making and watching spooky movies w my best friends.
I will really miss & I will really miss you I your mamma mia dance you had so
mieux
Cornish daisies
literally the sweetest
God bless them for you
Ap to matchless hain
Muito obrigada, bb. Vamos ser amigas
I LOVE YOU beautiful princes
May, ibutang imo twitter account sa imo instagram para mo increase ang follower sa imo twitter. Salamat
too sweet, thank you love
The pure bliss I feel when I hear or see Luck Hilton is incomparable
Yasss pins
CP3 still beats the flakers
I miss my Granny
oh thank you u da baddest honestly
Show Dem Camp ft Moelogo- Ragabomi
Yes haha a real zipper, thank you
mais trop gentille ma vie
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength,while loving someone deeply gives
you courage.
For those who missed it! Get Choose Love here. more coming soon!
LET'S GO, BROWNS!!
Ahh
Thank you.
6
01
03
04
05
06
Thank you and God bless you
gibi olma sebebimiz
Dude I was crying I love it so much! thank you so much for doing this!
Girls that always have something weird to say are sexy..
Movie night with my boy
Thnx 4 d
just the most adorable thing in the world!
I love u saba shameen and mallika aur koi choot gaya toh maaf karna all the dabbas give our anon some pyaar
Thank you and God bless you
Tatiana's voice
I love you when you're singing that song
Hey mama c how you and baby cj doing ? Hopefully you respond I love you girl
sherlock, the mentalist, castle e le prime stagioni grey's. sempre nel mio heart
plz follow back
I hope okay
Love you
Thank you and God bless you
my reasons for everything.
i hope i can be one of them one day!
YOU MADE MY DAY! I cried during your performance and I sang my heart out. Love you so much my dream to meet you
Oh no, I'm so sorry. I hope you are able to get rest. Praying you feel better soon!
Been here since 9am and not done til 6pm. Long day!!! wait to see my little girl once done at
If there is one song that can always hit my feels is this song
You meant awe
Ima be late but it gotta be sweetest day to get a gift .
I LOVE THIS PICTURE
You like this? Follow:
Despite of everything, loving you is the best part
I hate some people on tweeter (2)
I do! The Pine Mountain series in also on audio too
RT Watch
on
Offline? Hit the button ' follow'
Thank you so much xxx
La verdad
My bestfriend, boyfriend & soulmate
tyleroakley thank you for always being there for us
Thank you and God bless you
We ! Thanks for all your support!
Sounds AMAZING!! I'm so proud
Baby got a doughnut...
My babies like their Nutter Butters!
Awww love you
birthday so boring . I miss my bestie, right hand , my brother ,and the old summer crew I know they would have made my day
I give money like her allowance my sis and just what I do for her though
Enjoying my Sunday ritual with the woman I love feeling thankful at Chili's Grill & Bar
mess up my tempo
Ohh thank you babyy
No~ but I always wanted to cosplay as Cake
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
My face is gorgeous!
amazing!!!! doubt ur self u all sounded so good
thanks babe, i love you so much!!!!!!
her voice is absolutely incredible. Just watched a star is born and WOW is all i have to say. Beautiful
I added a video to a playlist Abdullah Abu Sayeed Sir || NEW Speech | Inspiration
[Self] Princess Leia, in honor of Carrie's birthday via /r/cosplay
Thank you Shi
Always
Love this, it.
be awesome to see you there!
Palestine* is more beautiful than any other place in the world
For the last 10 years, my dad has bought my mom flowers every 21st to honor their anniversary
Graduation party .... this day to remember for ever
Happy 21st bday joia bwyd heno, hope Emile treats u to a few shandy's tonight
Beautiful day here in South Mississippi! God bless you all and have a wonderful day!
Khaled Javad Kadhem is an Iraqi professor of university who serves pilgrims of Imam Hussain proudly
Moooooh
Tomorrow is the day we get answers
Family ties
Thank you! Can't wait to see your channel grow.
After catching some amazing pokemons today we just came to see Daughtry to clcebrate Mesi's birthday.
How now?? Hot hot like you very beautiful love
se sinta, pq agr vc
She's so precious. Congratulations
Amen babe I love you
You were amazing! so proud of you four unreal
Today.
I'm happy!
Tomorrow's still unknown.
Thank you and God bless you
Some of our products in the below tweets
this was so sweet
Muchas gracias a from - Love Pic of Seb. Story by Il Divo.
Thank you for sharing
3 months I need you to promise me that I will see you again, PLEASE PROMISE ME!
Khaled Javad Kadhem is an Iraqi professor of university who serves pilgrims of Imam Hussain proudly
thank you babe
hermoso Tweet
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Coraline aesthetic
Yep
Love you to Brook, see you on the 31st
Thank you and God bless you
Everyone at the show be safe I heard it was oversold so please stay hydrated!!!
This is so exciting I even wait
Well said mate!! Hope you and the family are all okay
HUZZAH!
*Hi,get 50Rs Paytm cash.*
*Why not take 15 seconds to get it?*
*click here to get*
TO JESTEM JA I JA TO WIEM HSHSHAJ
Sounded AMAZING!! I'm so proud
Finally finished it! One inktober sketch I'm happy with
thank you sister.
Com toda a certeza!
wait
. [21-10-18]
ig stories
This one bagged first class in law sha. Latest graduate in the family
Lindinhos
Babyy!! Love uu
Hocus Pocus + Homework + Mommy Sunday Dinner =
America belong to God, America belong to the TRUTH
everytime i wear my Burberry perfume it reminds me of and November at the house
My two favorite people!! So proud of you guys!! Way to represent!!!
Thank you and God bless you
Yup all you!
I'm working on it
So sorry for lovely Vic she was so upset but I love Seann & Katya I'm glad they got another chance
Gotta love tracks that give us close racing
JAJAJA nuestros fichajes de verano
Check it!
The crowd reaction to this is one of the reasons I pro wrestling so much.
Urbex kinbaku birthday party in the of Madame . Photos:
thank you for the opportunity!!
seriously, can't wait
Wow
love
de amor.
Nuclear pon da stage killing it respeck
legend
Thank you and God bless you
Mum of 4, all my babies raised on Peepo and Each Peach. In fact I can still recite the whole of Each Peach
Our deepest condolences po..
We miss you more we wait for you to come home !
was lovely to see you and sue today, looking forwards to getting involved!
Omg yes! My childhood!
Man....u deserve all the love and respect
Lol i this
Photographer Spends Hours on Bridges to Capture Colorful Overhead Portraits of Street
Please post on YouTube. You have a ton of American fans
love and miss you too
Come on Tuesday! been 10 months too long, ready to wake up to my weenie every morning again
Mother in law....absolutely! have party poppers and everything but for my father....I would not leave his side!
Enjoyed my little break but i was definitely missing my husband and kids
Aww man, so sorry for your loss - take care
Troop chou je t'aime
Bueno bueno
Wish there were girls like you when I went to school
Tomi R Creations Model
A tweet is not enough to say how much you did for iKON and iKonics.
We are grateful and proud of you
I
Thank you and God bless you
Lovely people
the softest thing on my TL right now. Thank you
My name is Ailyn, we call her:
Ailynsita
Marieta
Pulguita
Pelos
Princesa
Chonchis
Gdnight
Crossbones
tryna go here with all my members.. living out our best lives together
Amistades brgas
Love you Charley
so lucky to have met my sister of 18 years for the first time this year. honestly so blessed to spend the time i have now with her.
I hope you NEVER forget he's working in your favor !
Double tap if you agree and felt this !
Tag someone who
I always have fun in your channel
..
Words cannot describe how good the greatest showman actually is!! The best film
you know it was a good church service when you leave with tears in your eyes.
Ayyy, what a cutie!
That bloody melts my heart
if going through shit, please listen to this by
I love my bby :((((
Wow I really love my girlfriend
Yasssss to both Glow and Jane the Virgin. Loooove them both.
Keep dancing my beaut
had Suncity Ep on repeat since.
with you both!
Thanks bro , I appreciate that
BIRTHDAY DUCKY in October ! YES ! Happy man surrounded with thank you all for the
Thanks bro
And let them know that if they vote for republicans, they are literally evil!
Thank you and God bless you
They are sitting together now, baby girl is helping him on one of his university assignments... God bless them and all our kids
Get ready! Atlanta is the best, this is my forth year for it! Can't wait to meet you!
Love Your Neighbors
Illegal border crossings are putting you, your family and your neighbors in danger!
Amo andar disso
disneyland
Missing Salt Lake City right now never get over beauty
Thanks so very much for these updates.
With great underboob comes great responsibility
os amores da minha vida
Presentes De Deus
IM HAPPY FOR YOUU, LOVE
1,4,6, 9, 14
Mcs
Love you beautiful
You are a genius with those hands thanks for curing me mid shift ! love my ED team
Happy birthday BIBI, you have been loved
Sunday feels
Out of most everything! Thank you for such an amazing festival!
crazy talented my love
Thank you and God bless you
I love college football
Those friends where just non stop laughing all day long... so special
I knew find nov 21st because i know at least 8 people sharing my birthday... including my little brother
nothing related to taehyung is ever irrelevant
I'M SO SAD had a feeling it would be her this week though :((
She did amazing though
Yes, it's awesome
Waddap guys! Surprise I'm gonna be in an anthology
****~~~COVER REVEAL~~~****
Coming November 6, 2018
My heart seriously the best 3:59 love story in a song ive ever seen and it touches
Seje Luz onde Deus te colocar..
You know you mine, stop playing w me .
for my sunshine
Ive never made something like this so this is not even close to be good but I
Awesome to see my daughter have so much love and fun with my nephew Awesome pair of chimps
You will baby
Happy birthday bhai tum jiyo 80 saal
words cant explain how much u mean to me
Hope everything went okay
Take me back to festivals! Roll on reading and Leeds next year
Met our sweet baby niece Evie yesterday
I love you more! I reallly wanna see ya!
Thank you ily
Thank you
GRACIAS POR HACERME HINCHA DE CHACARITA
Why so serious?
Rt y ya no soy una ya me hicieron mujer
All love bro, all love
This guy is purely legit!! This is my second time winning an account from him
Classy Gentleman !!
Absolutely! Your boy is so handsome
ma love!
Beauty is a Beast.
18 October.
Suncity is beautiful man, thank you so much for this and especially for esta en
: I know you that much but you are such a sweetie ! I hope you will see your faves soon because you deserves it
Eu simplesmente amei
BOOOOM!
Bet 5 lands!
in the bank..
Turn notifications on
Like and Share
Good morning!!! Have an amazing Sunday!! To you too!
!
Aww
Really billboard covered LAY
What a queen!
Thank you and God bless you
Just seeing the - simple LOGO to unite the world
Absolutely. Sorry about that.
Valentine
This year you're mine hwagaemrkt!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
post in a min
Speedy Coconut & pepper snack too
my whole heart you !!
happy birthday to my longest friend thankful for our many adventures and the many more to come
Yesterday our boys ran cross in Chip Hills. As I look at this picture, my heart fills with so much love and
Found a third member for our band, Miss
Pic by
cover of dreamer
It should, it matters
Thank you and God bless you
I hope that you're enjoying yourselves in our city and I hope that nobody bothered you
I LOVE YOU JOONIE
Love love love this remix
This is totally gorgeous!!
- 8 little princess so cute,thankyou.
Noite anterior com minhas meninas
Dr. Dale Bredesen on Preventing and Reversing Alzheimer's Disease on
Happy heart
Quero ver vc cumprir hehehe
J'imagine olala congrats!!
not cleanser related but i miss you
I carry pictures of my favorite people in my wallet even if I really want to kick them sometimes (hi durrah)
It was so long ago too :( I miss you sm
Tell me about your day or something
So proud of you baby!I love you!
Plz Also Announce About Pakistan Youth Wait for U
It's truly my honor and pleasure
164M
Our goal is 200M!! We can do it!
Help if you can, Monbebe
Loads of love hunny
Hey du.. Vermiss dich so.
Awww bless him
Anthony
Good night
worry still fresh
Love You Boy. This Made My Day
hasan_yazdani73 I love Yazdani. 23 years old and already a legend. Just a class act, in victory
A jam
thanks
Please retweet I need 150 in unlimited time please help a bro out I need this fort acc
Thank you minch I love you girly
: Martina ! One of my fave Italian girl ! You are so lovely and you deserves all the happiness in the world
Love this little girl!! My Snapchat Queen
I vow to do everything I can (although I find myself fluctuating between female and agender
La sonrisa
bon
I just want to say , Baba oh eshe
happy birthday my mate Bowes
I love this! Happy Sunday my latest went up this evening, my first ever post for a trip to
Les galeries le dimanche
Chimmy koya and shooky but i love them all
just cried my eyes out at Dr Who - a sentence I never thought say
I want to be the mother of my children
Such a pure person
This is my home. heartbreaking. Your team is phenomenal. Thank you
Le voy a comentar todos los tweets a Ana? Le voy a comentar TODOS los tweets a mi Ana.
Thank you and God bless you
Kenny Rogers - Through The Years w/ Lyrics via
Nueva foto de Perrie y Alex
It's absolutely amazing
Good evening sis happy maineday
Loving all of life
Hach Ten
SAME TO YOU!!
and are saving me today.
James is home from Malawi and hearing all about it and seeing all his photos and videos has made me so flipping proud of him I could burst
Today I accomplished nothing and I could care less ! I lazy Sundays.
Te doy muchos corazones
The smiles all down to you
Think of it differently...be shook that I can remember your number off by heart
Sounding great !
Me too! it feels intimidating to try and
Here is my first and latest pic with shawn omg look how cute we are :
Bday de Bruninha
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: Dior Iconic Saddle bag. via
yeeeees slay queen.
LOOK
AT
THIS
Shan is my fav man, so humble
Thank you and God bless you
I think : Tomorrow is the best day in my life
Fabulous art Bro Much love
THANK YOU
I
Thank Allah I have Twitter when I was 13
Family credit:
Ciara said to me just talking to you cause I miss ok sure cissy, her misses her auntie !! see u in 9 days monkey
Street money for street tacos. like it was meant to be
Follow me on insta
Love you
THIS
I love you so much baby I wish I could hug you
Um
Thank you and God bless you
Cry baby, I'm so sorry but you gotta go babe. I'll always love you
I will never leave you
Same goes for you fam!!!
LOOK
AT
THIS
If u heavy metal I u
Thanks mom
If only men actually listened to the words of this song and knew this is what women want. Awesome song!!!
Just a girl waiting for the next round to jump in the cab with her dad. From softball tryouts to corn harvest.
LOOK
AT
THIS
Love you too
pls here for you
I love watching it, get me hard as hell.
Thank you and God bless you
Those giant, super heavy garden kitchen panels are finally finished and are being installed
I appreciate you today and always
so sorry for your loss
aw babe a dm is more than enough, thank you again! And I definitely will spam him
We Fall! Leaves change and in Delaware we can start wearing sweaters at night! Get yourself
Never realised how much I need my mam, I just love my parents more than anything
Je t'aime
LOOK
AT
THIS
glad my best friends got me the way they say they do
"I got the hair yeah"
Yes that'd be amazing
Sindaco About olimpiamilano1936 vs pistoiabasket2000
Emma Roberts
Doing the right thing It's your voice, democracy-dwellers. Use it!
When we were younger and free
Heartbreaking. You're such a brave woman. Your country doesn't deserve you. My heart is with you and your family
Thank you BD for my new shoes!
Acordar um pouco !
Aww such a sap I miss you too love
Thank you and God bless you
Behold, my love, this cloudy cluster could actually become a hurricane. In my opinion.
I were depressed a second ago
Now i saw this..
And i feel a lot better.
Thank you.
(Give her pets and cuddles from me pls)
here for you! We will have lots of fun on Saturday.
One year ago, fans from Russia made a collage to birthday
LOOK
AT
THIS
Luv Gemma.
Bang with Me at
granny ass oil orgy toy porn hidden
:(
is a wonderful person and writer "I have 5 to entertain and delight. Sexy, spicy, sultry mixed
so upset that you & are out :( so sorry :( you were my faves xxxx wanted 2 see you go all the way
Ao vivo
My brother is a youth pastor & is co cute with his young group
I this
No lol she ditched me this morning and went for a spa day thanks ill tell my wee maw u said that xx
Same here but alls well. Im glad you said something. It was really helpful for
Politicamente incorrecto = weon
Feel Free To Link Your Streams & Make Sure To Drop Everyone A Follow! Best Way To Help Someone Get Affiliated
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: Dior Iconic Saddle bag. via
happy birthday brodiee!! Live longgg
So incredibly handsome delicious love that beard i lick it good then I give u the best
Things work out last time because this opportunity is even better. So proud of youuuuu!!!
how are you even a platinum tier..
Well, I mean...I feel like that happened even if you get us lost, but it did make a great
so beautiful and my fav too
Please don't kill Nate. I love that guy!!
All will be well babes
Seni seviyorum
next installation in December
Food!!! sold.
I hope you get an award for this episode! You were all wonderful
omg I love you guys so much
Sheary boy.
I'm glad that you have them, and that you're still here
...god knows!!! Lol... but got my old name back! ...and You!
Picture warmed my heart!
Like this if you love me as much as I love you
Sorocaba marcando tbm
figurati
Btbr3 bsh3rk? btw u r handsome anyways Thank you so much, I understand the rest
The Essentials Beauty salon are at The Professional Awards! Wish us luck! Boutique Salon of the year
We the worst team in the league good job guys
te amo
I just wanna whoop your ass with one of those my belts
Random Thought
Thank you and God bless you
NATURAL because it's a BOP
Thank you and God bless you
The difference just 1 person can make
just appreciate how beautiful she is
are for watching my student athletes! this picture, pure JOY!
Our next event is going to be on October 27th 11A
Thinking [Original] Find more and related at Anime Lovers WorldWide
I've learned love is like a brick
You can build a house or sink a dead body
LIVE!
It's time for Scary Sunday! Playing on HARD MODE! Let's hang out!
Happy Birthday! Hope you have an amazing day!
AWWW LOOK AT Y'ALL
A tweet I'll proudly tweet, 1 day.
Witch Kizuna AI [Virtual YouTuber] Find more and related at Anime Lovers WorldWide
here for you. hesitate to reach out if you need anything. Love you, bud.
but nowhere else i rather be than with you
WOW I LOVE YOU. THANK YOU!!
I agree with you.
WOW!!! Amazing giveaway is my worthy duo in crime lol!
Nono. I love you and your new music is gonna be good no matter what
BARLLIAMS FOREVER
for you both &
Love this backstage shot of me and this stunning lady! We share so many laughs and its always fun catching up!
Thank you and God bless you
This why i love elephants so much they are so family oriented and so caring/loving. makes my heart melt
And for my first authentic tape load it had to be Sega
Hoy es Twilight Marathon
I repeat.
You look cute in a baseball cap.
Beautiful.
I missed this...
Forget a spooky basket I got myself a boo 10/20/18
Fucking hell. Glad you guys are all okay Some of the kids here have got their hands
Nappily ever after is such a wonderful movie, it makes one just love their natural hair tbh
Give me my RING and gimme all this LOVIN... and $$$ lol
Many Many Happy Returns of the day to my fellow Mumbaikar Have a Wonderful Year Ahead! Stay
Meus
leaving Thursday night
Coz u da best bro
Thanks. Glad to be a part of it honestly.
Daughter of the original Sunflower my Ari'elle is Sunflower of the Year.
My favorite thing today
Great show !!! Had a good night with !!! Gurmeet, you are very kind, I hope you enjoy Reunion island
Glad she's a healthy baby. She sure looks content.
Meet our new great nephew Brantlee Michael! We wait to be Grandparents!
Family time
Ohhhhhh yasssss hunny
Meu Amor
Merci toi
I love you & stay out of trouble
6 lbs 4oz 19 inches
Will do! And thank you! Sam is good at technical stuff like this morning when he re-wired our
complete the mutual challenge
Le amo a usted feliz mamuchi
How many clean lions have you seen just joking lol,
Absolutely LOVE your voice's you blend absolutely beautifully
I love this
The Vitamin C Glow Revealing Liquid Peel.
This transforming gel-to-peel texture peels away dull,
Catch me on tonight around 9.30pm on the show
Shrimp, pork and chicken rice
thank you!
Thank you
Halloween was good.
happiest of birthdays to one of my bestest friends I love you with all my heart
We are loving your Zoella collection
Thank you fam
Thank you love
Best dear
Es
A new era for Avril I love the song soooo much
if this us i swear soul sisters
Thanks, sweetheart!
Oxford would never
Would u believe that she was voting for us?!!!!!!!!! It melts my
Keep your head up Shaune
Chelmsford, Ontario
so excited and happy for you love
THIS IS GOLD.
It's a cult classic, so I guess you should.
Mine to
Team essentials!
I that number.
This is for All of us SaRah but I'm thinking of you.DIVINE MERCY PRAYER BARMHERZIGKEITSGEBET
I like this
They both had had a shitty day so for them to both get out and we laugh and talk the way we did... it was amazing.
anyways anticipate the king of China and my heart Dong Sicheng
Thank you and God bless you
And tadaaaaa!!
EXO <TEMPO> Concept Short film has surpassed 1M views on YouTube
Congratulations everyone
LA last night was fun
I love you Jin
Thanks for the tips, much appreciated
Exactly. At least we can continue having a positive environment that makes people feel respected and have a good time
Always my fav
Join
No Gay Shit A lot Of Pretty Females On My Timeline YALL ARE SO PRETTY
Have you tried the Kate Somerville skin care line?!?!? Your review is the only one I can trust
my lover & my best friend
I think I may need to stan Rak-Su, any mutuals Stan them ??
Happy 4th to Under Pressure
not shit has change B, couldnt imagine life w/o ur crazy ass. thankful for it all, HAPPY BIRTHDAY BITCH
Love me now hold me down hug me now
Thank you and God bless you
A beautiful relationship in the show !! Friendships are really above everything !!
So sad. Go spend some time with the people you love. Work on yourself. Be happy.
Heart sufficiently melted.
Ahh thanks john
Really happy experienced all the trips with Family
Thank you and God bless you
a love like no other, one guarantee. always have me
C'est beau
: Jess you are such a cutie ! You are amazing. I hope you will see Froy again soon
by : London, United Kingdom
Let me do the crushing
Angela you look so happy after hearing your life story on bb so happy found true happiness and love
naraid66
fqoiz#fmurin
promoting tourism
Omg happy birthday boo!!!
Thank you. Have a sweet night too
So Tomorrow at 20h00 with turkey time please support our dear Sangu
Thank you
Had to get em right .. bro
Thank you and God bless you
Awwwww yeah. A wonderful, essential evening. Very special to me, too.
12.10.2018
Kalbimin
Tammy Lorenco
Hey ho, hey wooooow!
so proud of her and the team
im trying to get there
. panel tomorrow night
This album is my fav ever reminds me of when me and my babe started dating *mi sorpresa fuiste tu
Knowing i made someone happy changes my whole mood
Halloween in
Chai tunder were you Dey bros take nyansh will not kill u oooh
Thank u my queen
Such a lovely weekend!!
You have had to travel, from Belfast
My babies
miss darius momma :( when pie come we all gotta go out
good as gold but frozen
.@COLDGAMEKELV the father i never had
Sonntage mit Soulfood
kill to have that meal in Mallorca right now with
Playing it right now
Sunday in love you want to know something really cool? This jumper is actually made from yarn -
La amo con todo mi
proud of my babe
Some flurries too
Delighted to be choreographing this! Get your tickets people
Awesome Jonny! Loved the film
So close to 500 followers too maybe when I reach 500 post up the pussy pic, feeling generous
Thank you and God bless you
Love seeing family.
sending positive energy & love to all those who have love for me
THANK YOU
: We know each other so much but I love seeing your tweet and you seem so so so cute
Happy Sunday, Guys! Fresh from Port New Stock Update
2016 Toyota Camry **Sport Edition** FOR SALE
Feliz hermosa mujer TE AMO
Kariba dam
I have the best wife in the world
hiya if i did a live on instagram is there any way u can join
Valentine
This year you're mine xxiv58!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Thank you and God bless you
anime belle
Amo mais que tudo
Good Night "World"......
Have a Relaxing Sleep
Love & Hugs
Take Care
she's
i love tf outta
Furaffinity Source:
Such beauty sitting under the moonlight
-
Thank you so much!
always on the same page!
Agnes.
Thank You so much Lorna I appreciate your kindness
si son tan tiernos
Goodmorning have a good day today hehehe rest well
Awwwhhhh!
/ |
/ /
/
/_/
When you need me
most of the damage comes from over time so ur okay!!
This just makes me so glad we have the nhs here
right!!! I keep forgetting hah. going to have to tell me all about it!!
Thanks Ghosti! a really great friend and I appreciate it!
Of course always got my sisters
thank you.
I like this idea
Necesito ese "omg what-" de Jimin en loop
Thank you love
Fall in love with your life first
Every other thing will follow
mug the closest to your Style
>
THIS. RACE. SO. FAR.
I YOU.
much love
LOL still my fave boys
But you are! freckles, van gogh and dw. Youre the perfect woman
//imagine an au where galekh tegiri
buuuut I believe that Ellen can help me
Don't break up with me
I hope you'll get better!
phillip is really in love , happy for my brother
I love this!!!
Yeees we did it guys is through
I made part part hole with my stone 5 in each box makes 10 it was so fun to make
for sure
Oi pan me segue amo vcs
Merciii
Unwooded Chardonnay
Awww Will one or both of u pls. wish a Happy Birthday from Harold
Thank you and God bless you
Snapchat - BlushSnaps
Big hugs girl
Our booth at the Coral Gables Hispanic Cultural Festival
.
.
.
.
.
I miss you so much, take care of yourself, I love you
Louis is the most kindest and caring person
I come to a realization and I acknowledge that I believe in the lord with all my heart from this day forward c:
Relatableeeeee. Look after yourself, boo.
In the overwhelming mess of my work of fires, floods and evictions sometimes I am a guest of honor egqongweni and that is really cool
Lovely morning at Jacks christening
Me and my boy
happy birthday, my princess May the force, always, be with you
welcome hun
Minha rainha
Happy Birthday Kaycee
My heart.... my soul
I LOVE YOU GUYS SO MUCH!
I haven't got one yet ahaha I'm still saving for a deposit but so good just to have the support
but still I hope and believe that maybe can help me
giving away a beautiful watch on my instagram feed
I try my best Wish You a good night too and sweet dreams hon, big hugs
Dirty Talking Teen Will Make You Cum
Yeah we are Super to see you on Big screen After Jannan it was aLso Superb
Thanks Kenny, preciate it man!
Also just in case know Ponce is my homie
Cannot wait to be able to do even more for my mum especially
Oyea I'm going to bed, sleep well
Loved exploring Starved Rock with our Brothers & the Prospective Iota Class always fun bonding with our
this. Keep working, keep rising. Head up, straight forward, thousand yard stare. an inspiration man.
You have no idea how much this made me smile .. I love you
happy g day Cinnabon much love brodie
Kimi please please please please please win this please !!!
I'll greet them from you
Thank you to my boo
Oscars in the villlage
Love it!
I do pay our bank account we both work hard to get our things
Spent the weekend in DC. I love that city so much
AMO ELA PRIMAS
Felt like taking a picture for you guys
I would never let you fall alone. us baby!
Happy Belated Birthday Will!
She's so beautiful machallah
Like if active and then tell me how your day/evening is going so far!
In wales with my boys
Anyways I love winner and will never stop loving winner thank you for unfollowing me
Inn other words, hold my hands
I hope they find peace for your sake. You deserve to be happy
Father & son bonding I had fun driving this one yesterday too with chris on the passenger seat. It's a little
Our family sends its deepest sympathy to you and your family. The strength and love you have
he have such great and amazing sound and I love him please vote for him
My Maggie also looks a lot like Ozzie
Mon chouchou
people understand the value of intentions but I understand. Thank you for your concern
We need to play sometime brother, much love
RT e Fav pq amo os
You absolutely smashed this. You should be proud
This makes me very happy!
bigger than my body gives me credit for
- Je t'aime
- Mercii moi aussii je m'aime
800. itsjust me about to beef over food. FOR isra, lola, ollie,
Thanks nephew
Thankks b
Che stupidi
have a safe flight home, miss you loads
counting on me, to guide his life, as he unknowingly guides mine.
Amo uma amizade
We cannot be thankful enough for the chance you gave him
Ghost in the shell
Jill Scott - The Way
Thank you so much!
Fijne avond
Oh ok
He completes my heart love him forever!
with
Good to shoot with again .
.
.
.
.
.
Let's gain. Right now!!!! Only follow to It's time to gain. Follow and gain with :
Hobbit
Aah it's fab month as Daffodils appear as Love Valentines
love you most, thankyou for bein the best
Joshua Bowman was just in Doctor Who! How unexpected! I loved him in Revenge
Those cacti are impressive. My Nan grew cacti and we always repotted them together in childhood
Nevermind Brother Nature, we have an unproblematic King in the form of Mike Holston
Aww she's adorable love her name too x
Valentine
This year you're mine LokaConta!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Thank you and God bless you
hope you're doing well
ITI MALIA
thanks for the info darling
Kongratulations!
my new favorite t shirt
excited & so happy for u wait to meet her soon
This, supporting this. Custodians do so much for us and they appreciated enough. I love this!
Market Cap: $210,555,946,188
BTC Dominance: 53.65%
BTC: $6516.74649997
ETH: 0.03172192 BTC
XRP:
Thank you
I love you
Bang with Me at
granny ass oil orgy toy porn hidden
Yay follow you everywhere
actually that name is perfect for you
|| Hope you feel better here if you need someone to talk to !!
Searching for a pair of shoes and found some pictures. That's ME
------------------------------
There will be
Proud to annouce that I'll be one of the speakers at UJs Mental Illness Event . Please do come through
Lucy, I am so proud of you I hope you have the best time on new film so so excited to see it. Love you my angel
disagreed but your opinion
That defense from Max. Wow. You
thank u ave, ily
Me and Marlin real fucked up off these mimosas.. I missed my cousin
you're the best
I love you Jadey
I'm so exciting for LM5
Have a great Sunday dudes, I'll catch you tomorrow!
thank you
I needed it too, so thought share
My faves
BET 3
if following!
Lots of loveeee and respect
It must be love! In Philly with Jessica in our Love Palms Raglan Tank.
Get yours with 10% off your first order
Te lo mereces Y ESTO RECIEN ES EL COMIENZO TE QUIEROOO LINDURA MAYOR
Thank you and God bless you
The earth & sky will conspired to bring us together
They knew we both belong
to each other like
Thank you and God bless you
[21-10-18]
ig stories
ahhhhhh Meu Deus!!!!!!
APPRECIATION THREAD! I love him so much because he lights my world up everyday and he is always able to make me happy!!
happy birthday anne
My favorite artist
Dear God, I am only what you made me and I appreciate everything that you gave me.
we love you both so much, well deserved
Lmaoooo I love you wife
On our way home from the NEC we visited my daddy
[21-10-18]
ig stories
impossible not to love this woman look at that smile
Human makes ears for a bunny that was born without them.
Thank you and God bless you
...all of the time...what am I gonna do?
my one and only my life line
Not a fan after what happened is all. Sorry honey. Now better day's and moving on!!
Who wants to take a trip to swing with H2!??
Life
Always enjoy your humor, a woman after my own heart
We're all
A Beautiful Piebald Ball Python With an Amazing Jack Lantern Pumpkin Pattern All Over Its
Cozy nights under Northern Lights!
Life on Earth
Wonderful scene. A little baby soon to come out.
A bald Madara will never happen.
Another order
My little girl has had the best weekend!
Hobbit
so happy for united vibe
Cutie trying a leaf
Hobbit
Thank you! My Sheridan XC family was very much in my heart today
Just because you're struggling doesn't mean you're failing
Thank you and God bless you
hi could you please check dms? thank you love!!
Ohhhhhh Binoche trop mimi
You don't need to thank me. I'm here for you
My family always go all out for my bdays. so excited
not love
Ohn lyyyy
I'll look here sis too
hope u liked it
goodmorning my cute followers
I will
my heart
Me! --- Also I love your hair like that. Safe Travels
Thank goodness for my man taking care of me
Thank you and God bless you
Wish me luck para no morir JAJAJAJ
Tonight's beautiful sunset Makes me happy inside. This gives me so much energy I think you'll enjoy
Tremendamente humana...
Hi cutie pie
Tags :
I LOVE YOU
We miss him toolove to you and your heart Laurie
I hope you get good soon!! Love you
Merci festival new romance
Its time for the world to get ready for the biggest and sexiest comeback ever.. Brace yourself everyone The
This will help you stay warm and cozy this winter.
Toby is the cutest dispatcher ever
That Karambit Slaughter is love.
Please subscribe
Thank you only little but I like it as all enclosed
+ =
&
this is my biggest tweet so I can officially do self promo follow my ig viviangibbons
thank you
and you'll get there man!!!!! you got it all in you
also date lunch avec la soeurette lundi prochain, can't wait
Thank you for sharing . I really needed that today.
OMG i love her so much
You are the best human ever!
Thank youu this is mega uplifting. Googling the city has been trash.
Thank you and God bless you
Jon Hamm na ikonce
"Matt is like an older brother to me" I LOVE this duo.
Happy birthday Amala! Girl you 23! I remember when I gave you my sweater and hugged you you told me happy
You look better in green though
Thank you so much.
Thanks for the love
Just wanna belong to you~
Aaaahhh have fun you guys!!
Take me with you
Jodie Whittaker is my favourite Whittaker right after Maria or Roger.
This is way to sweet what did I do to deserve a girl like you I wait for the future, so in love with you
Tags :
And why I the big !
Sorry for enamorarte ,babe
Tags :
thank darly
Hi.
bem menininha!
sorry a Bills fan
Such a great man! Thanks Bro!
1.
this is really my baby. I love her
Slowly getting back. Actually my 25th birthday gift to myself. A healthy bod and stable mental health.
- Lindona
What a race good luck in Mexico
Thank you so much.
Craftin Sundays
You, sir Rodney, are also a hero.
Cutest
Where all my music lovers at?!! Show love
That line
dont have an ed eat normal size meals dont purge
Thanks Lou hope u have a good night too
Well we all know you are the bees knees in awesomeness
Thank
moooh
All the best mate
Poncho
Good morning
Geek out with some fangirls
Awesome seats!
non-stop
Yes :D I actually likes Sonic 06 tbh
And you're very welcome
Bootyful Kristin
Yes indeed my sus is a baddie
thank you
Honestly an absolute joke hope doing ok darling, get through it!!
creepy. sorry that you went through that.
Massavie shoutout to for the header
A GOOD CAT AND GREAT PEOPLE
I WANNA HOLD YOU WHEN NOT SUPPOSED TO
Congratulations to for an outstanding performance in throughout. You
She's really pretty
You're the Sun & Moon to me
always and forever
Words are simply not enough to express how amazing I feel to have you as my son. I love you endlessly you make
In the car, screaming at the radio on that attack. Phew. Max
Night rain
Gabe always carrying me to the dub in fortnite
No one wants to see your sad pussy or dick
If you want to talk, feel free to msg me. I know it's hard to go through a loss. Hope you and your family are ok.
That somebody is you hugs you tighter than anything known to exist
still one of my favorite songs
lmao thanks for the love
Very very much!
THATS MY
I love you too!!
Happy birthday, Hanbin!
Thank you for always protecting the team. We are all so proud of you. We love you so
By far the best one
Luv u
my husband died in 2012 and we keep our hands off each other either. so i can relate to
Me & my husbands first date
Bengals Bills Chiefs
happy birthday fishfucker
Thank you Spitsy. It is, alhamdulillah. She has left behind a lot of fun memories.
Good night fav.
Hahahaha ksmai ameen pyari cute c bhabi and pure hearted just like my brother
Thanks for translating it love it
IUbro
this
merci du soutient
FINNNNN NXT Finn was my favorite
so sorry for your sudden loss. all voting here! Much love!
1
Thank you and God bless you
treat yo self hun'
Am so excited to seeing you back for another unforgettable season in
Me encanto
this is a dream come true and I'm sharing it with you - I love you
Ur an old man
Finally we have our living room back! Not bad if I do say so myself. Nice and Homely now!
Kisses
Thank you and God bless you
Girl I'm here if you need somebody to talk or vent to!
Mama has bought Arriana the cutest dress & nanny bought Zay the cutest suit to get them dedicated in
Agreed so beautiful
Bueno ya vi "Abracadabra"
Easiest way to grab your attention
Every week please
What a Grand Prix!!! Beautiful race. Well done to Kimi and what a drive from Max. I fucken love this sport
So proud of Ferrari today, they never have gave up and pushed till the very end
New game
Valentine
This year you're mine uu_25uu!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Another pick! Beautiful
Jessica Lange
follow for more funny shit!!
getting the train at 6am to see you tomorrow I wait to see you queeen
A perfect sunday so far
Thank you and God bless you
Sorry to hear that!
Hope nothing too serious!
Take care!
Seus lindos
Book review alert!!! thewellbeingblogger with get_repost
Do you struggle to find happiness in your
You've got me listening to Depeche Mode now. In your room....
LOVE this
Kimi what a gap to break in wins - just WOW! And it goes on to Mexico
If something makes you happy persuit it
yes its something most people know unless they experience it, thank you
Happy birthday Hanbin oppa
Poor little puppy, nasty people how could they do this to a poor little animal! So happy he is recovering
Happy birthday pretty
got the coveted from LezWatch because we are in love with and this show! -T
Make it worth your third year!
Meu amor
I love this so much and HAPPY BIRTHDAY Grandpa!
the best mentor
Amoo demais
I'm waiting for you
Thank you and God bless you
Welcome to my Twitter profile! I'm Tea'nah, and I Teeth!
And that is a bloody wrap.
Done it.
Thanks to everyone involved; you were beyond amazing.
What a bloody race!! Kimi you hero
birthday twin
Love you
Every video is the highlight of my day
You own my heart
Me alegro por ti
I'm sooo happy for Kimi
Te ves muy chonchito JAJSJAJSJS
I really appreciate the advice and your feedback. Thank you
Kimi what a drive! Get that champagne on ice...
Would love to share a bar! Xxx
I relate to this so hard thank you for always being open and honest with us Kim I hope
WEAKKK!
like to see the pictures taking. To know why you thought he would like to see them.
Thank you and God bless you
You are beautiful and a true hero.
Great day with the love of my life I wish we could just move into our own house rn
me
Check in your strong friends
- I really want someone who won't get tired of me
Shhh im not. you are.
My Sunday
mall with my boys , Av & Mari
Feeling so blessed
I Flash Gordon.
We good my lovely. Hope u are too.
Ripples of you
Across my ocean
I love that you make me feel like 16 even when flaring.
Thank God for his mercy
I love this.
Me too I hate this feeling. Trying to find a way to change this....sending you love and light
Thank you love I am trying
Thank you and God bless you
KIIIMIIII CARAJO NOMAAAAA. GRANDE KIMI
Happy birthday to my Mother In Law, thank u for bringing our baby Harry
Love you so much
You guys were so amazing! So proud of you four unreal
you were amazing so proud
You are the sweetest goddess of all!! I love you and I hope your weekend is going well
Done
Pumpkin patch with my niece
Thank you and God bless you
I did right with the caption
Mad scientists
student ravi
Love you Ross
My Family in
apuf
home alone
My more like hold my wig
Oh course
Thank you and God bless you
will you be doing vlogmas this year? I know not even been Halloween yet but Christmas is my favourite
Je coach !
What a race by the iceman
thank
Vote me for king, Wednesday during all lunches
Bros x
Can't wait for moa companions
Cuore
Started with this
I really hope you had an amazing day today! You deserve it so much Thank you sooo much
Look who visited the Super Women!!!
Toi toi toi to the best cast and crew EVER!!!
Good luck kbida
Awww til forever baby, you're a light in this world. how does it feel to be turning 28?
Been listening to DBS in my car lately. Love it!!!
Thank you and God bless you
Happie Belated Birthday
May Allah Bless You :)
Oh sending you lots of warm hugs to get you better
Absolutely gorgeous!
Today in baby elephants ....
- closanY '
in love with this family
I It
Seasons have NOTHING to do with it; are Attractive 24/7 Period.
Hope all is well
Happy birthday to you
"Safe" by
u have the best Snapchat stories ever they always cheer me up & make me smile adored u since the
Que feliz soy
Well done to who ever made this
retweet to wink welcome again this year cute. Come? Sorry you.
Finally, seeing Kimi on top of podium again
Yo a ustedes
AHHHH
Loved that screech that came out. . Brady Bear..
Honestly! Everybody jumped on that on wagon for no reason. Russ is a great musician
this is my proud moment
thank you b
Enjoy
ah. okay
well...ill bid for it. you know me - im helplessly whipped for jooheon
CAMILA TISSONI
55 4015 9704
Intro
i never win anything
Nam you're so handsome i love you so much rest a lot and have beatiful day
Ooo your bitmoji is sassy af
Kimi
chill day out for
Thank you and God bless you
Fave prof? Sir Mac!!
thank you girly!
I love it
Missed terribly
You are SO loved
My mom is such an incredible women, I love her
I wait to spend the rest of my life with you
Best friends, forever. Your the mustard in my life!! unmistakably different and compatible!! Everyone should
Candy Corn
Uff you're growing so fast.
Proud of you!
A weekend of rugby, MMA, f1 & my true - boxing. Perfect
Noodles is a freaking inspiration
You're the bae!
yes thank you tee tee
Thatsss my cousin
Why u always look so cute
If you ever want to plan one day for STLV, my couch is always open
Oh wow. Some songs and their delivery just get you right there.really beautiful. Thank you
At last kimi as simple as he is "finally thank you" simply perfect, well deserved after 113 races
you poche parole ma buone come sempre Kimi
TOUCHDOWN DE WHITE!!!
MI HEROE
Insane race. Congrats Kimi.
most important thing in this world is Vacationing at gives us quality family time to
Juste pcq je
It's your love by Tim McGraw
I have a feeling I'm going to be doing this a lot over the next few days...
AND THE CHAMPIONSHIP
HEART & Determination
Ireland takes the lead just before the half.
This happened filled with so much love
Grande Kimi deserved it, you are still the best
Kyungsoo is so handsome
I'm in love y'all:"(
Amizades
KUBS FAMILY Foods Inn
Yo like I love wit Nicki
Thank you love
He is surrounded by his angels that's what parth calls us ( Parthians)
Fav pic
Thank you Ethan, your support means the world to me cause you know how much I admire your writing style
Leadership. Jalen, you have no idea how many people your choices are influencing in a positive way.
Glad you loved it! You went to the original
Mdrrrr bb mine is too
Thank you and God bless you
Holy Crap!!!! Wyclef Is On It Too!!!!
There is only one drug stuck on . Which is Love . Self love, Family love, Friends love, Love love
the grace verily needed for this week
You have such a big heart that's why we love you
Thank you! That means a lot! At least half of my family was there and I got to see all the
Obg amor
One Room In favt city with loved one tea, food, limited alchohol yeah that's life I will work for it
miss you
earned my follow with this
YEREVAN - ARMENIA
Happy 2800th birthday, Yerevan jan!
Music: KOHAR
Thank you L for everything especially rn
Proud of you Kimi
Mum shopping with my
Os mais fechamentos
Fasho here if you ever wanna talk
21th October - the day of KIMI
RT Like and Follow for a DM
RDV demain pour un petit stream du DLC de vers 13h30 14h sur
What a little belter this lad is
Thank you and God bless you
Finally after a few hours & 2 broken ribs later im finally on my way home
Thank you my lovely
an answer to prayer as well my dear
Thank you so much. Dear Alma is deeply missed.
This stream has been crazy so far
Jose did it again
The Dream P1 Kimi, well done
God Is
>^..^<
New outtake
The best of the best my
Really entertaining race. Very exciting finish.
Thank you and God bless you
I hope you enjoy the charger I gave you
- A true relationship has tears , fights , trust , faith , pain , arguments , patience , jealousy , and most of all LOVE
emojisi
I can't this enough!!
What an extraordinary family!
It's better late than never
good night i love ikon, pentagon, noir and nine percent
Need a popcorn
Always Remember Us This Way de Lady Gaga
Thank you and God bless you
Congratulations babes I'm so happy that you're doing to the next week can't wait to see new steps and
Out now
laurens so sweet thank you for your words, love youuu
thank you for RT love
Seb is 4th, after what happened, this is enough of a relieve
6 years ago RED was released and Swifties been the same since
Ethan Palmer you fucking don
consist of carving pumpkins, yard work, and grilling steaks for my sweet man of mine
MOOD
Day & night
thank u i love u
Follow me in IG. I will FB and engage
Kimi
I am soo happy for Kimi that I am shaking. Congratulations!
Kimi
proud of you and your category, always you all worked so hard for this <3
So glad you love me
Why not
we talked like the old days
Please remember to watch the mv in official channel
Adorable that face and those ears amazing
Uploaded a New Video, check it out and Leave a Like & Comment Please!
These pictures of you and sUGAr are too funny and sweet.
Omg I ... have no words holy shit . I love this this got me shocked
'The Mountain' Has Married His Girlfriend In His Native Iceland via
Beautiful Aloobir
You got it
I love you queen, this is amazing
Churros
Mon Coofbooc Jtm
Look at my mother!! Whattttt my twin love of my life!!!
P.s Incase you were wondering where I got that
love all the ones on the left side and getting ready to try the ones on the right.
happy birthday to one of the baddest!!
Thank you and God bless you
Eu a Internet
Love your self
My love
You're the only Scorpio man I would let ruin my life. Firjdjdurjejkekend LMFAO.
Binata na ang baby Clarence namin. Huhu.
I LOVE YOU Miss. AVERY saaaaaaang
I like spending time with you too
Your face so pretty to me, make up make it
wow thank u whore ily
Love you, you got this fam
I love you.
about to see the movie!! So proud of you
Buenas noches, otra noche juntos amor..
I miss baby hugs
Rosie:
P.S. We will discuss the unicorn ears later.
I'll check that out
Thank you
maha really deserves that
Love you more
Your local bi always here for the community
pround I am of you, baby
I wish someday I could meet you. Ich liebe dich
Thank you!!
Omg I got to see my Babies we go wayyy back least 20 years
What a wonderful person to see trending
Girls I see clearly are such a tease
good afternoon to everyone EXCEPT trump and anyone who agrees with his shitty inhumane actions
MY FAVES GOT THROUGH OMG SO PROUD OF YOU ALL United vibe tag them for
Was able to get a quick pic amongst the chaos of the N.C. State
Today is the day
we shall celebrate w hookah soon
We're all sitting in one boat
I rly wanna get calcifer on me orrrrr a a heavy burden
"Congrats Kimi, well done!"
"Thanks. F**cking finally."
Followers for October 21, 2018 173,455
Thank you, kuya Rico!! See you on Friday
hi there thanks for the follow
thanks buddy
follow me please lotta love cara
amei
Thanks. That was it. I found it!
I left a lil sum sum. lol praying for
That is great lol I love it
Rt for WhatsApp
(Selective only)
Eu amo tanto
(I) Cried For Kimi
Suite 2/2
Usher - Say what you want >>>> I play that song like 5 times a day lol
Whatte race :')
Raceday after soo long
Thank you and God bless you
What a race, what a story for
Please watch and support. Butterfly 2nd episode at 9pm tonight. ITV1.
child
It...
Lovely always thinking of you hope you had a good trip back to America
Eu to in love por vc aaaa
I will you too pal
period baby sis
Merci ma Sarah
them Kristin !
Thank you and God bless you
You notice everything, so I give my everything
SUCATEEEEEEEEEEE TUTTI QUANTIIIIIIII
SO PROUD OF YOU KIMI, SO FUCKING PROUD
Right! I miss you dude
Genuinely ecstatic for Kimi Raikkonen.
Not going to lie, I know he was capable anymore.
Glad he proved
Me matooooo !!
I DON'T DESERVE ALL OF YOUR SUPPORT ! I LOVE YOU BABE
One year. 365 days. Happy birthday, Jude, you are the light of my life.
Thank you.
Samee!
I LOVE YOU CONGRATULATIONS ISAACA
wow gorgeous I love you so much
LOUIES WHERE YOU AT TONIGHT, WE CANT PUT boys in this position again, there mich better than the sing off
you stay having my heart
30 days at sea
missed the sing off so much! so dramatic and one of my favourite things about
Naley feels!
We are addicted. Live PD!
Well, I take all the credit. Leo really wanted her too. So a sweet rescue dad too thanks Bri
'It's going to happen because I'm going to make it happen'
Thank you Kiks! Love and miss you too!
This is so beautiful!
Was wicked meeting you, absolutely amazing set mate
Brum sights and eats with University of Birmingham
On GOD Thank you for the gifts
Keragreen Keratin Smoothing Class Day 1
Stay tuned for the results
Join us tomorrow for Day 2 about the
Think Min little walk was lit for her bless
Thank you and God bless you
Happiness looks gorgeous on you.
but awesome so stop being awesome cause we need more awesome people to cancel out all the non-awesomes
jen
Deserved !
I need a
Wishlist slave
Coffee slave
A slave just to chat to
Food slave
Any slave really Im very down
So Cameron nailed it
A beauty
Look how adorable Robert Englund is here!
NOOOO LEWIS get the championship in MEXICOOOO
Yes...Mega congrats on win to P2
The shapes are back so my life is now complete again
this is SO GOOD! I love that she used the ending of the song
Photographer defines alluring
You where a fantastic group to work with and danced your socks off!looking forward to next time!
Congratulations! so happy for you!
Share this with someone today
Trajan the Great Dane and Apollo the Mini Dax
I want my own bestfriend
Absolutely amazing!
Congratulations
Muchas Gracias oye te
my happy place
Janice was excellent but I this from Armstrong. Raw, emotional and just brilliant. save Janice though... I
I love you so so so much
Happy 2 months
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BTW HOPE U ENJOYED TODAY
Thank you my love
It's one of my favs, too
Highly recommend this version - especially if you can find it without ads!
Updated Wilier.........love it.
Love you
Kimiiiiii great job.. and Seb so lucky that you get another chance..
YEA CENEEEEEE congrats bby!!
Thanks, back to you.
Sad this even has to be said but you know how twitter is...
Tune in tomorrow guys
Beatriz
Damn! WHAT A RACE! y'all come back next year, ya hear?! Onto Mexico! VAMOS!
Happy birthday lil man
Mercredi jrevois enfin Jessy
dnv
AMOR
Awww fantastic interview, guys!
Cloudy days are the best
Um amorzinho nessa foto
from
THIS!
finally 5sos are in europe
Supportive friend
Welcome
Do it
Thank you and God bless you
I mostly run for my own sanity these days but mum is always with me
Ahah linda, procura
My son I love you
Afghanistan premier league, I love you
Carving pumpkins w the best
Lots of love
Mum happy on her birthday Rudie's
Awh you guys are SO cute, and so happy for you both! Chris and I wish you a lifetime of
I am LOVING that (Janice) has a new head piece every time we see her. She should not be in that place whatsoever!!
every time feeling down my brother and dad literally uplifts me! I love them so much man I swear!
Aww so cute the way he says your name:)
Friendships end but sisters are forever! As much as we be finna fight I love this lil hoe (say all the hard
Westmalle
Lovely to see you both and thanks for supporting us in our 3rd year!
Well it's the end of another glorious week! Tomorrow we will kick off the week with some CPR and Defib practice
Congratulations
No he podido resistirme
GOOD NIGHT
Gracias por ser
Mend your friendships if you can cz no one really knows you like the old friends
We all have our person who we call and tell something to and say say anything to the grave it goes
Best voice
I love your new album
chaa gaye ho ap!!
Jesus died on the cross for you so you can have victory in all things
Wow the movie "WONDER" was just fantastic to watch this weekend has been great! make the world better around you
Thank you and God bless you
happy birthday my lovely
Finally a GOOD NEWS
I feared that I would die like a looser w/o seeing the Biblical Armageddon!
Goodmorning
I widge
My sunshine I'm her favorite auntie lol
Shawn and Sabrina are my inspiration
I'm so happy and lucky
I love my family so much been a tough semester but they are always there for me and push me to do my
thanks for listening guys x so stoked to be playing again
I do love you and care about you
I need a
Wishlist slave
Coffee slave
A slave just to chat to
Food slave
Any slave really Im down to
You deserved it, congratulations Kimi
I still have to practice orc facial complexion, BUT , I 'm in love with this two My shaman and her childhood
Thank you and God bless you
hello ily k bye
My brothers for life
thanks i just hate myself alot at the minuet
Thank you God for my safe place
gotten all my shit done today and only 3PM
Icon
Jimin is a baby
Favorite boys
Snap me when finished pls
Love you thanks for last night
Today hard for me but pushing through for my dawg.
Thank you and God bless you
Feliz
Te Madre
Absolutely love and miss you
Squeeeeeee!!! Ok next time, You need to label this with WARNING:
We're so happy for him! Congrats!! A great birthday
Peep My Clips
know that and I gonna meet soon thanks to you
Everyone calls me when something happens to jojo lol I feel like a mother I love you
Lunch with my babes. eating lunch at Bimini Bait Shack
Thank you
You go gurl! Congratulations Michele Gumabao! Sooooo proud!
THIS MY HEROOOOOOO
BACK OK TOP I LOVE THIS MAN
Awwww papi w/ his princess Praying they get to have this back. Every girl needs their daddy!
Wilson, doing great love :,)
hey lovely, are you going to the inside soap awards tomorrow? would love to see you!
and what you hope for me, I hope for you too
naraid66
tgppnqhhgbe%
I spring
with this are the
Gustavo &
Thanks bby
Mi parche favorito
Hahaha Bailey the best
I love it
My real friends checked on me and I appreciate that.
You went to church? Oh praise the Lord
Hey slimey
'I'm happier than finishing second so..' Blije Kimi
com minhas meninas
Please RT and so others can benefit for community day
Enjoy your lazy Sunday.
Thank you Andrew!
Yes!Yes!Yes! is back!! Super race !!
you "Peyton" Crazy
My first time playing football and i fell in love.
LOL thank you
Awwwwww
I love this.
PS4
Thank you and God bless you
Wow what a horny Outfit, you are so hot and horny I like that
Can't wait to meet you!
All you need is family
Mis Songs Favoritas
Esta version es
Gregory Alan Isakov - One Of Us
Obrigada
performance on the was so amazing go down in history
Next year will be bomb! God, I see You!
Thank you for this weekend. I was truly
The Iceman
thank you guys for the 100 follows!
:) I love you guys
I miss u too :(
Teresa via ig story
Watching football with my dad
Beautiful
Dumbledore
Thank you and God bless you
I feel this so hard. Your heart is so big. Thank you for holding us inside of it
Aye! or do I mean !
the pretty guy who was trying to still a tardis is Joshua Bowman thank you for you amazing work!
& had one of the prettiest weddings ever been too. so happy for you guys,
My baby so pretty
Just a boy from Texas
I Lucy
Thanks for the hair assistance msimpson28
Finished sewing this dress this morning! Off to Mummy and
Lushhhh. Ring you in the morning my lovely
That would be one drunken outing.
Jan blessed to have you too.
You are such gem.
Kamal ho sir aap.
Jeenday rho khush rho abad rho.
Dosti barqarar rkho.
Meet Jessica Alba's stunt double and professional base jumper, Clair Marie (24 Photos)
I hide you from the world, I have to show you off
Loved this one, too. The only
I Want Your Sex Lyrics -- George Michael via This Is Cool
What a beautiful beautiful thing to do
Monsta X is releasing their 2nd album tomorrow at 11AM SAST Are you excited?
Ok ok choose wisely though
Love ya
Aye! or do I mean ?!
I CAN WAIT HONESTLY
For the people in the back You gotta luuuuhhhhh dis!!!
Sunday Funday with the family at Eagle Fork Pumpkins & Gifts
Woke up to 500 followers thank you guys!
I'm crying rn can't believe this is happening
Keep ya head up everything gone be straight
Love you princess
just a normal day for andrew
we fall
A few of my favs from out engagement photo shoot
Happy Birthday to my brother from anotha motha BIG 20, hope you have a good one family love you
The archery boys anime is up!! And the first episode was so lovely I'm exited.
My pretty view today
Congratulations on the record, Kimi
This is gotta be one of my favorite episodes this season. So thrilling from start to finish.
He alright. usually the calm one.
Thanks for making my dream come true my first selfie with you, love you so much
yup or as you want!
Just had a meal out, first time in ages thanks to my Mum for dog sitting. What a feast!! Was disappointing
Here...Hope you felt it and hope you feel better!
I love you.
Take care my jassu angel
Lots of love
Thanks for including 365 Days of Happiness
Yay Bullies to place! (cc: She looked like she was having fun running loose there
I drawing birds, but doing so in real-time is SO challenging. Birds are fast! Really inspired by this feature
and the future is bright because of it
It certainly is!
Thank you and God bless you
Living my Best Life
Your thoughts?
UPDATED DAILY
Doubletap
Follow
Tag your friends
-
In Sha Allah it would be so much fun
My champion
Happy for Kimi but Lewis deserves this championship
Luv ya
Feliz
By:AB Hood Jr. (feat Edvando)
Baixar:
Those nets
Minha vida
proud of you
glad happy
Champs
So proud of my big brother
Walks today with my family.
free shipping ends tonight on my Depop shop
I am so sorry for your loss!
&
HBD Sedning you both lots of love from across the pond. Cheers
we love u noah see ya at the troub!
Juice WRLD
Kimi
Happy Birthday Christie
My timeline is full of for Kimi!!!
This might be me when I meet you in June in Paris just saying ahahah I'm so excited !!!
Thanks everybody for your awesome Twittersphere love 3000 followers - I can hardly believe the
They are so precious
Super cool pic
Pray my aunty makes a speedy recovery
Love this cast and show so much Catching up with
yes yes yes history.
rouge
Meu povo
jacob's follow would make me one of the happiest people in the world
You are my past, present and future Will always Love and support you Xx
My friends are the fucking best
Happy Birthday Laura! This has become tradition for us. hope you have a great one as well. PS we are getting old lol
My Bro from long time .I appreciate you
I just bought Hirami a Coffee on Ko-fi! via
I love being inside Dad's dressing gown in qthe cooler months ~ Dex
Well that would be lovely! We have very happy memories of the Mendips and of the Hiscox clan!
How's it being back on stage Tony?! Can't wait to see you!
CUTIE
ugh of course my love
Noo. I feel so bad for to be going home so early.
Ok Bermuda stans three tracks so far at this random pub in Hamilton
Guardian
Day spent well El7mdlla
Aw thanks Shell
Thank you and God bless you
Me at night :
Lana del Ray or nothing
Her voice is a fuel indeed
1st year at the pumpkin patch
Amo !!!!!!
Hat's off to great gesture joining in with the Grant Armitage 28th min applause
Cancer has no colours
Ok if ashley eat it all
here if you need me boo
Loyalty is everything! Sean and Katya are a disgrace
Outro
I Love My Present!
OT9
Durar 1 hora hablando mierda with your person
I love you cutieeeeee
too sweet
Pingu is enjoying Gmorning, Gnight!
In honor of Fall & Howard Homecoming , my Fall Lookbook is live on my channel Link is in my bio , or
Thank you
Being honest probably Ranmaru has the greater voice out of the Utapri boys. But Ai's voice is so sweet I could cry with each of his solos
Hermoso como siempre bb
Thank you cam and company
looking to be apart of a organization appreciated
6 days!!!! Have a great day big !!!
ROSHEN
Pure of heart, a kind and generous soul with a scholars intellect! My beautiful boy Tyler these are just a few
Jtm
Day with my fave gal tomorrow
so gorgeous.
Ended up stopping the stream a little too early. try my best comeback tonight!
Thankyou for always being amazing
Thank you for always supporting each member Always .. so don't thank me, it's totally normal ..
Georgous Bryan Ferry
Wow a queen
Nice Outfit today Congratulations!
Had so much fun last night at Dancing With the Docs!! 80s prom theme was fun!!
i miss you let me visit you thank u
my happiness
Hi sailor how are you?
I love you
Thank you and God bless you
aww the children must love you
My
This card is a Divinely chosen Guidance message for the 22nd October 2018
Blessed be If you would
A beautiful soul . So sorry for your loss . May Jamal Rest In Peace
Happy Birthday to the one and only!
Carrie Fisher
Forever in our hearts
What a picture, Glasgow
Bu arada Bayburt'um
Lider:)
Cannot wait to see my son! Going to love all over him
thank you for making my birthday special Bhyann
I give and I give and I give and I never get anything back, but I'm still gonna keep on giving.
I liked a video LES PRESENTO A MI NOVIO
Se cuide!
Oq vc acha da thefa? Uma bb linda ksks
Hallo aardbeien blondies!
Limpy and her buddy.
aww cute!
.
for a tbh
Ya llegamos a 1
Keke Do U Luv Me ? Are U Riding ? I Thought U Said Neva Eva Leave From Beside Me
Do you the EU? Here's a great 'tongue-in-cheek' Brexit Survival Guide - helping you say
ANP.
Hermosa
~< The weekend is kind of busy, so DMs will have to wait just a liiittle bit longer, but I'll get to them ASAP >~
Warcraft 3 collectors edition mit frozen throne
The old Bedfordshire golf club in Biddenham .... my home
Go Tennessee!!!! Go Republicans!
Thanks sis
Hey baby
we are so happy to meet you Anna!
The majority of the people I graduated HS with are married, engaged, or in serious relationships and it just makes my heart so happy
It's better late than never
Sean Paul _ She mind
LOVE THIS FOR YOU
Hessen, Germany
Definately..loved this
sorry for the spam. But over the moon with this
thank u Fairy
let me know if you need any volunteers in Stavanger
Skincare in current rotation
I've had many different skin issues over the years--from constantly breaking out
something so sexy and indulgent about howling together as Wolf and She-Wolf.
Obrigada Ste!
Always good seeing my brudda
Thank you bro means a lot miss you !
Great work!
I agree. Inner vessel over the outer vessel
let me sit this ass on you
Tell Me You Love Me by Demi Lovato
countdown! 24 days left so going to post my favourite pictures and quotes from them
You always looking hot asf wym
proud of you
Bless you Harry.... Beautiful words & tribute to your wife she was a lucky lady to have you too
Aw Thank you
Garth
Oh I LOVE L.A! You have Hollywood, Beverly Hills, (plenty of
happy anniversary! I love you like crazy
Photo Download high quality pic here Follow, Like and Retweet!
Bienvenido Paco
Amizade prevalece
...and you constantly inspire me! beauty, beauty, beauty
Pumpkin festival & Sakura date with mamaw today. The best days are always spent with family
Picture of the day
Nolan
Enebe P'~~ ehe~
AIMIM President MP Barrister Sb with His Little Fan
that car has been through hell and back with me. my baby
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! Have a spectacular day, you deserve it
Thank you for all your help:
Hugely appreciated.
20.10.18
I take it back Forza Kimi!!!
this for a DM
Mah alors tu pas mon darling onee Chan daisuki
Nao vejo hehe
Johnny Depp is a legend
is the only boy who will never break my heart. Love you
Amazing victory for well done
. owe it all to yaself
Thanks for sharing Please keep us up to date on how you are
Just had to take a minute to sit and reflect. This has a whole new meaning to me now. JT + ET.
Don't you just love a wedding
Giving him a pep talk that shows he cares a lot about his contestants
is literally the nicest guy ever love him !
Tanto tiempo sin escucharla...
Love's such an old fashioned word
And love dares you to care for
The people on
We are here for you
nejlepsi!
Done
sksksk lof you
Aww thank you so much Kay!!! I appreciate it so much
Relationship goals
Idk what to say
try some other day hehehe
Congrats to you guys in advance
Too classy & fabulously attractive
Good luck, Bren. Supporting you from Mexico
This how me and Ozzie b
you!
hahaha this
congratulations
Thanks guys
And now calling out the UK press saying that they should treat women with more respect yes I love him
Happy birthday to my whole forever the Teddy to my Fred love you so much till we die
I love they are so relaxing
Awww! Amen!
Thank you so much, Omolade
What!! Blimey....still do proud we did that
Love you Tio !!!!!
Taking myself out to eat
It does the opposite of that to me. What cleanses my soul is love. I love you!
You guys are truly adorable. Love you both
You are blessing to all of us Ty
This is heart melting
Binta and I stay uplifting each other, I love her a great friend
Omgggg I miss you lol its one of those days where all u want is a juice box and a dry pair of pants
Ok but based on that sing of Armstrong was deffo better love them both though
Thanks fr the beautiful Tag bro
Reached a Huge Milestone of
I love you too
Thanks for this red solo cup memory backstage Bdaniel brittdaniel
Happy birthday & love
Done
Aww thank you and yes you are right, we need to respect them
Listen to E by on
My lovely wife organised a surprise 30th meal for my birthday... blessed
so happy though to next week. Bring it girl!
When Julian would call me, it would always FaceTime
Thanks, I hope so
This is my go to jam
I'm sure It is lol you better be getting A's too
LOVE & DO MUCH GOOD... FOR YOUR RECORDS WILL SOON BE CLOSED Love Lett... via
Yes my love
Strictly and family and fooooood!
Here is one of my favorite resources!
The Inspiration Station is by far my favorite The
Love you even more Jesper
Mi compa la rompio ayer
Need for speed encanta!
Felicidadeeeeesssss
Mi amor bonito desde hace 14
I was there this summer :)
Sorry for your loss. Pets are family.
thank you~
thats great~
Dream of me
This is convo is simply
Another set back but will come back stronger
needs to sign
Ben & Ben x Marshall Headset. Eargasmic.
Okay so I just joined Twitter because of I just miss you so much
AYYYY gangg i feel so many of them but I just know where
Hell yeah pa I love u too
I wasted all my pop corn because i trough it up when u got through it was worth it though good luck for next week
omg thank you so much you're so sweet, thank you, thank you
The best thing about memories, is making them
-
Releasing something exciting
Beautiful human
Cleveland browns football
REI, ESPERO QUE ESTEJAS A TER UM DIA QUANTO TU
Thank you - I needed to see that spoiler alert myself today
Mowbray had a dream!!!
I was full on sobbing by the end of this week. It gets better and better.
What is happiness?
If you have less than 1000k followers
Retweet
Follow all RTs
Follow all Follows
Comment ifb as many as
figured I should share this pic of moose with Twitter
Love told atm? Looking
Ayyeee that's
When the cover is 10 times better than the original
What a lovely selection!
Je t'aime trop
Never look back. If Cinderella had gone back to pick her shoe, She would never have become a princess...
Deep cleaning my bedroom and listening to (Night of a Thousand Pardos)
Nice job See you in Mexico
Happy anniversary they look perfect together they lucky having you ..
my absolute favorite hoodie
So beautiful
Daddy looking fine af
Ghilli ( 2004 )
Kesselhaus Augsburg in Germany this morning
Shout out to God for creating this masterpiece named Kim Hanbin. thankyou God.
thank you for you follow!!!
from F.A.L.T.U is such inspiring and beautiful, but an underrated gem of a song!
Follow everyone who Retweets this
True friendship
21 unanswered in the 4th to win on the road in Philly! I U CAM NEWTON
Bless his little heart. Hehe.
Shoutout to for this pic
I second the iron pills.
Immer gerne
The sun shining through red leaves
What kinda drugs you on and can we do them together?
Livingston last night was fabulous please come back soon!
stopping you
gutted i see rye or brook cause i wanted to get some vms :( but so happy from today
=
Eu confio vai
jgh, night well spent!! had an after party with st.jude peeps, and had a great bond with y'all.
Slateyyyyyyyyyyyy fam !!! Thanks my awesome genius tweetin buddy i ya big time !
Yesss and be your husband
Lee Sojung
Flash
377
Tu vas me manquer mon petit chat..
I wonder whatever happened to those sunglasses...
God damn I'm so ADD...LOL
South
You Pictures Know Your Angles
So thankful for the love, passion and support my team gives to me and the other members!
Ay gracias
Champ
We thought. We've seen everything but the amazing reloading
Aww thank you so much Kay!! I really appreciate it
Lazy Sunday
I love you soooo much more baby
u smashed it girl Well done the amount of noise that I made in my house is unreal
RIP PLEASE help to Raise awareness, posts, make a difference to our now and future
"Nothing can dim the light that shines from within."
~Maya Angelou
I produce custom videos and photos for My Let me make your fantasy a reality For rates email
Personas sin
Incredible drive by Kimi!! Attacking and defensive masterclass and gotta be the most popular win of the season
Love Louis sad to see Armstrong go, good luck for the future!
Good night
Big love always
Can ashton irwin from 5sos please follow me?
Hi looking beautiful
We all understand! Take all the time away you need.
i can never love anyone the way i loved you. you had it all, all of me, my whole heart
A good weekend was had by all!
Leur sap du soundcheck
A few single shadows next to the new
Top to bottom:
Resort
The 6ix
Cherry Cola
Saffron
Oh cool!! Family day out
This made me smile really big
Wow they are beautiful lucky lady
Dibujar. Una de mis grandes pasiones
now i feel like this is such a sh*tty response so i love you saska
mi chicooo
If you ever need someone to talk to, here. I love you
Thank you!!!
SEGUIDORES? SIGUEME Y TE SIGO YAAA avisa con#SIGUEMEYTESIGO 1.8
mess up my tempo bobohu be seen..
Congratulations to on winning this!
Will DM you in a group chat with for you guys to
one of my favorite productions
Amen!
You know I already appreciate you sis. Thank you dear
Miren como baila es hermosa
My guard dog.
my little RJ is so cute
We started out as close friends
Harry Potter studios was obviously amazing!!!
My sisters
thank you so so much Darrie! wait to see at DreamHack!
Had the best belated birthday celebration with my girls thank you for making me smile so wide Cahoots London
I want to dedicate this week to just thanking God for who He is and thanking Him for all that I have
Perfect Em
Thank you all for the kind messages. I appreciate you all a lot.
Happy 7th birthday to our little iron man Thank you to everyone who came to his party and made it that extra
assim espero sjsjjssj
hes so precious bless him
XAMA O XAMU SIMMMMMM
spending one year with you was my biggest pleasure, i love you
hug
These 2 have my
Wow
I love you baby
Cosilla hermosa
It was awesome meeting you
Thank you so much!!
Classy guy! We you in New England!
Picking apples with the sweetest one in the orchard! Johnson Farms Plants and Pumpkins
:')
Hay bajante, ni se imaginan el olor a algas
And she still
Joel esto es lo que traduce Google, y no es Twitter.
Just like that over. Shoutout to all the people who made me less ass Fish Head
Mi domingo perfecto
So no blues ..
All tue best for the week ;)
prontinho
HERO !!! Max Verstappen started 18th and finish P2
was Good tonight
My heart Grill Worx
Love this, Carole
pretty sure I can travel back and forth from Indiana to Chicago I do this
I miss my best friend Rarri. I hope safe and this world tearing you apart. Forever my soul brother
HAPPY MOM'S DAY
Lyrics are
Good morning
Oh! I had forgotten about that.
DIY Shabby chic style home decor ideas on budget| Home Decor & Interior design | Flamingo mango |
I love you so much
So sweet, so smart
Thank you
no better sight than seeing all Ferrari mechanics sing their national anthem
Them pizzas. You so cute.
Birthday girl
is by chance we met, by choice we became
I playing along with my other half, not so much
He thought she was drowning and jumped to save her
Do we deserve them???
Love them sooo much
Congratulations!
such an incredible pic of and Prince William
London on 4th December and more to follow!
Red is the new black
i just want you to feel okay and if this how, go and do it
IG :
We have, we're very very lucky
Still I Rise
Kimi on the top step!
We love youu bas khaleek f e family gatherings
A milestone! Well, not till tomorrow, but forgive me for celebrating early. Some other happy updates, too.
le s
Congrats brother so so proud of you
I love you !
Bcoz I love them
My
You're welcome, Court.
Osssssstia
Happy Bday Arsene
hit or i guess they never huh got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
Thanks guys
this Halloween place setting
Happy birthday!!
Since my hubby calls me Wonder Woman, I HAD to get the socks
Absolutely gutted
Armstrong, be there for you
Bye blood thank you D
Thank you
esraa.abdel.fattah with get_repost
Taken by mohammedyasserphotography
London
Que nunca me faltes
le s
LOVE THIS. I hate how there is so much pressure in how to raise your kids. There should be NO shame in the Mom
Valentine
This year you're mine brj202031!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Thank you to everyone helping me I really appreciate it so much
You will get there my gorgeous girl
This is what love looks like!
Hello from Germany I Love Raiders
I can see screaming all Love for the HIGHES
If you dey love sark pass am
You are my favourite thing in the world 20 years and never been further in distance but closer in heart
Good thing your dude only wants to make you feel special
love from LONDON
.
.
well, technically from STONEHENGE! we decided to take our adventures out of the
Can we get 2000
Original (ig):
Chosen by
You are welcome
Food is the key to my heart
Thank you king
Video of the week.
eu amo
Can't wait to see you hun!
Either youre a fan of horror or not you have to admit this score is BEAUTIFUL!! Listen to it!!
Thank you for
Ohana means family. Family means nobody gets left behind or forgotten em Salla de Estar
be more thankful for Scheels bringing me to one of my favorite humans. imagine life without you now
Welcome back beautiful one
Was in tears Rosa Parks was an amazing lady
been there done that, where you been?? hopefully again soon tho
Ready for bed
but with you, i resist
My HUN
Allow your heart to be
Thank you blinks don't let rats to ruin our friendship
Such a beautiful person & soul. Rose is a ladie
my baby is 4 months old today. miss this day so much
Meu ponto de paz
" Lucky with a Job,unlucky in love su
Capitolo 3 pubblicato
Oh how lovely!! I do think blessed to live where I do
BABA JONE
Thank you Lord for the gift of Life!
I haven't forgotten the prayer you said for me back in Ramadan.May Allah grant you the best things in life, you are one sweet person
Thank you so much,
I never get tired of this movie. I can watch it over and over again
The Italian National Anthem
Fuckin with me all love
Cold night and a burning dunhill in my hand perfect combination
Thank you Tony
Goodnight to little mix and to grateful mixers only complaining af asses dont deserve shit,, bye
My fav
Emerald green
Oh I love Daffodils and of course Valentines too
I love my relationship
Amo hotel California
I love you so much!Thanks for inspire me too
Remembering the perfect day.
- Give you the world 'cause you deserve it
UNO Lakefront Arena
The photo is superb! I'm a fan kisses from paris
my favorite boys in the world
this one's for sladam yall are going strong love from UK.
cuter is she knows asl sign for love and always snap me it
What a beautiful invitation
Ffs. Happy birthday little shithead
I Shoe York. bloomingdales Bloomingdale's NY 59th St
ta story insta
COME ON!!!!! WOOP WOOP
I thank god everyday for everything he blesses me with. Thank you god ! Ily
2/2
Pumpkin patch with my baby
just an asian amongst other asians Chinatown London
You have the kindest heart Kendall You've always been an inspiration to me in terms of music and
Maybe one day we'll see Susan in Doctor Who!
Viajando ando!
Nothing warms my heart more than when the 2 year olds in Sunday school run up to me and hug my legs saying "I missed you teacher."
we appreciate it though
En boucle
It runs in the family ily too!
The Binding of Isaac
Stream and Peace
Happiness that came with The Millions of Balloons at break of dawn
So proud of you girl!!
: You are such a cutie ! I love seeing your tweets so bad ! You are so beautiful
vai corinthians
yeah wait to spend it with u (: a movie
Who's streaming? We!
Valentine
This year you're mine brj202031!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
We love photo booths
Aww the sweetest thing ever love so much lil sis
I'm so Proud of you really, I hope you never give up on your dreams I love you so much you are a great person
the love of my life please keep smiling
WTF I love yesterday's Armstrong's performance, I can't believe it's going home. So much love for you are amazing
The Best
Yes I hear you brother my dad died 15 years ago , he was 51 I always think he would of lived to if
Such a powerful episode
at this point, I kinda feel for Moira.
Find the key to my heart !!
Millo
No problem pumpkin be safe tonight and stay warm
Yessss!!! This is my new favorite tv comedy!
I'm finally out of bed
Thank you! Glad you like it!
ALLAHIM MI YOKSA SONUNDA OLDUK
Happy birthday love you xxxx
Love you too
Thank you
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE QUEEN So happy to know you so blessed to have you as a friend
At least we know we speak the truth and others feel the same way.
Mood: Remix so here for it
Bonitona chefa
love you
I love Jodie Whittaker in Doctor Who
Thank you babe
she already has a sweater with on it
apaixonada
SENDE
Raccoons are great! And sometimes so are humans.
Pretty sure something just got ran over outside of my house. RIP whatever you are
Yes. Thank you, for this.
Meet fabulously_black
Team member of
Proud
Bangalore, India
Remember to smile
Soul One
Thank you love bug I appreciate you so much.
Still a fan, take it next year!
Soy una Haashfans espero lo vean las amooo
.@GiGiHadid
episode 2 tonight
love you
Watching this movie Terror in the Woods on lifetime and is in it!!! My Sunday just got a little better
Begin & Best of me Love this Songs so much
Thanks so much!
Aww that last picture
And one more!!! how can I forget it? Valentine's Day
DAMNNNNN VANESSA have the best time ever
tanto tiempo sin ver a Totoro
The iceman is back!
My passion for F1 is mega right now. I describe it
If my resting bitch face looked like that I would use it more.
nooooo, your hair are so beautiful ma shaa Allah, i am sure it will look beautiful on you
Strong connection
Ogra
Absolutly Heartwarming
This pizza place doesn't deliver. That didn't stop an employee from driving 225 miles
Happy Child
Thank you again everyone!
Nite nite Bab
If anyone is able to help. It will be much appreciated ! love ya'll x
Africains gil
Luv ya to brotha
Anytime! You look great
okay. WWE gave him some time off before his upcoming 2wk European tour. Spending it with his family.
thank you for always make me happy
Khaled Javad Kadhem is an Iraqi professor of university who serves pilgrims of Imam Hussain proudly
We get our OWN voting day?!?!
This Team
I working for such a diverse company!
2 Practices that stood out to me:
Widen your
Thankyou for this editI love this video so much, i could watch it forever
Me evry day tbh ilysm
I admire you with everything who I have
I know why, but winning in Austin made my study easier than before hahahaha.
You are literally the best and I love you so much
Kimi
Okay it was the right call FORZA KIMI, FORZA FERRARI
Listening to my favorite songs and imagining myself with the person I love
uwu
Hey just logged in specifically to tell you that you are precious we Sidians love you so much. You
As always, good stuff here from Anne Lamott.
Ugh I wish! I miss ye all so much, I just wanna see ya all again!
Two of my favs, missing Tyler
happy birthday girlllll! hope had the best day
in the afternoon with my love still em Top Brazil Itaquera
I can tell - Greys are awesome for sure.
Hope you are having an amazing Sunday!
Thsm1 SAY HELLO TO INDONESIA PLEASE. INDONESIA LOVE YOU~
...
will always remain
Homemade Pizzas from scratch, such a lovely evening
A whole year ago you
Two of my favourite people
thanks for this amazing picture!!
FELICIDADES awesome!!!!!
If there is anything that will not change about me is the gift of loving unconditionally.
Much needed service today
Love this song and the video..
They are literally like my family I would feel soo lost if I watch them once a supporter always a
I waittt
Ly
Thankful my boo takes care of me
Hihi
Siempre te voy a apoyar te amoo mucho kim
As this week approaches try to be more compassionate towards others. Love with your heart and learn to let go
I thank God i understand the way it go
I look forward to seeing the contributions!
Cooper hoco
I never get bored of this story, it makes my heart so happy. The love of a pet is literally lifesaving
Trying man. You too
Happy Happy Birthday, Ricky!
Favourite
worry
Absolutely not he deserved to stay, he is an amazing person.. .
Everyone must see and hear at least once in their lifetime! does your library/classroom
monstro
No, yo te amo
NC State Fair with my boys
My biggest fans really consist of mom sis nd max nd vice my back bones
Te amo
Black Instagram
Smallfoot was a cute movie! Sophia sat through the whole thing!
anything for you
Thank you so much! so happy
always so lovely to me, i want to be here for you any way i can
NOOO ! THIS IS SHIT WHYYY ?! HE IS SO TALENTED ! Love you Amstrong
Hi gorgeous
New fall colors from hold your credit cards & cash in stylish Italian leather CLTCH
our kids, u can do it, for the club.
Love you more husband
you are super cute too!
thank you so much for being kind to our precious princess She must
You are famous...that's why
Um amor por mim.
21st of October 2010, filming the music video for Safe
stay safe vn
So glad to be back
Haha oh, I think it's ok to be a child sometimes.
it's been 84 years pls follow me akshjshs
Happy birthday to my daddy in heaven
first birthday without you& i was not prepared for this
obv a hard day
As a Merc fan, kinda bummed, as a F1 fan: Man take the championship to Abu Dhabi pls
Thankful for all these years of friendship 16 years strong!! Love you
Sweet, thanks...
i got my girl back, be happier
Eagerly awaiting you Tim
Life is good
The Evil Within 3
SIMMM AAA
Birthday celebration was amazing love these two girls would be lost without them
I miss them so much too Yoko!
aw so cute
Happiness is always with me blessed
What's your favorite pic?
Last Night w/ pegasus_restaurant_atl
Keep speaking the truth and standing up for those who speak!
in the now so
this was actually amazing, want to buy tickets for your show in december now :) xxx
Galicia
Kaduna people, i pray and hope you're all safe. May Allah be with you all, you're in our prayers in shaa Allah.
Music lover
loving the show so far.. the guys especially wait for act two
Sisters are blessing
Happy birthday my love
Treat do do ab Daffar
I . LOVE . MY . COMPANY .
& I love being a part of something so much bigger than I am. Something that
Booked
The Beautiful and sexy Karma Rx in Pornfidelity
Morehead has my
goodmorning
My man is the best .
Meu amor!
switched to night mode just cuz and i it
THANK YOU
it's been 84 years pls follow me akshjshs
Ohh yes. I wanted to hug her then. And they way she screams karna padta
Everyone deserves a amma like that
My everything Lakeview, New York
so excited for the holidays. my favorite time of year.
Aaawww this is so accurate!
playing "Godfather's Dance" at ADE hugeeee
thanks mate
Love you
You are such a gem in this business
Marnelsya!
Thank You I think I am both!
thank you
Para los
She is so cute. Thank you for sharing!
Shout out to a very special charity I support and am happy to see on I once
at the best school with the best friends and i be more blessed , thank you jesus
it's been 84 years pls follow me akshjshs
you are Jinhoo
Valentine
This year you're mine soulsaviorr!
And you, whom will be yours?
Got you brother
Girl! I love them!
Valentine
This year you're mine ireq78!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
you will get there! We head into next week! Mexico, wait
Great picture of
Thanks for 1k followers, you guys are wonderful
no more taking solo pics at the pumpkin patch
This is the definition of what perfection sounds like ! Got me all emotional
you're truly the best hypewomxn. No ways!
Again, thank you so much!
I wish I could express
Anchorage Unangax dancers a few nights ago at Quyana. Makes my happy.
Hope you had a great day xo
Thank you I've just checked and it hasn't come through yet
Buona notte ....
My family is literally everything to me
Mi gran amor
Remember watching it when it came out and liking it. My kids are a bit old for it now though. Great film
Halloween movies kind of day
I absolutely adore Shane. my favorite YTer
thank you bro.
Match Tattoos
Best Friends
Throw back
IM SO IN LOVE
When you stop and look around life is pretty amazing
yay an oh thank goodness sorry I get nervous and worried very easily love you you an everyone here
so lucky to be a part of this program
Yeah no worries! My apologies I understand, mean to offend you :/ sorry
I liked a video Octoling Love
8.2 lb and 24 inches ?
Love you and miss you always Rob
that's great
You are welcome! a makeup lover as well so
thanks love just the little reminder i needed
Happiness that came with The Millions of Balloons
hold on, whatever it is let it over come you. send more prayers up!
Let's go pats! jajaja
Stunning. Gorgeous sexy outfit. Wish I had been with u last night. Xxxxx xoxoxo
Something I can have for a memory of you
Hey just logged in specifically to tell you that you are precious we Tom Hollandians love you so
Thank you honey! all about realization!
Ur eyes and ur eyelashes just wow
YEEEEES! Come back to Sweden guys! We miss you!
The shame of the South . RIP
Je
He always shows up for me when i least deserve it! He is my all
they are holding hands
The countdown is on
All of too
Crush on dear
Eu te amo
Te amo
YAYAYAYA ya
Living Mindfully in Modern Society with
has just boldly gone where it has never gone before (soz!), and I LOVED IT!
I just Adam Thielen of the MN Vikings! Our own home-grown Viking that tied the record today of over 100 yards
Happening today 4-6pm Graham Park Mural project beautifies laneway named after local rapper
Gorgeous
Was the labor video 2 of 4 or 1 of 4?! much love
go Follow my boy
Force toi
JUST BE SAD SUNSHINE
We all know that Armstrong is an incredible singer
Beautiful voice I liked it she done a wonderful job
THANK U SO MUCH
Carlos
Well done!!
Well HELLO BREAKFAST HUNK
Igualmente
My sister really loves love and by the looks of it, it loves her too. I want her to live a joyful and peaceful life. She deserves it.
Thoroughly well deserved
Thank you so much Kirby
Just finished the new Shardlake book Tombland So convincing that I'm starting to think C J Sansom must be one
Relationship goals
Thankful for my TRIBE. Family, colleagues, friends and former students.
you're welcome!
Happy birthday love
You too!
Needed to read this thank you
113 races later - FORZA KIMI
Sempre
New York honey honey
emotion defeats the AI.
Trust me, saying a lot worse than that. But really though, really happy for you guys.
Action Pact. I spent all of 1983 thinking about George. Just loved her.
My heart is melting!
The raffle will just be one free commission of your choice
in the now so
super happy to share stuff like this This is when I wish I was made of money
I am so very deeply happy for you both You deserve a path of richly gentle love and happiness
meu love
I can understand that comment friend! Same way feeling about south Mississippi! Thank you our Father Creator.
Reloj mi reloj favorito
song of the night
Again, simple worship.
You Cousin!
RT = ROYALE BOMBER CODE
5 WINNERS TODAY
FOLLOW &
slow but they get along great
4 a tbh?!?
te amo jisung felices 300 juntites
Welcome to our Aldie, Virginia
OKAY BUT WHY DID AND ONLY SING ONE SONG but I am so glad I am seeing sigrid anyway soon
My wee boy at his 2nd birthday meal with his cousin
Ponham
your first sold out of many more that are going to come, proud of you my boys!
Very cool. Technology that encourages exploration and brings history into the present.
True
Omg that is so adorable. I love the kitty socks
He is The One and Only of Pure Loveliness...
in my dms
wait for my date tonight
The gangs all back together
Verme
I love this girl so much rn yall
This is beautiful writing Nick, you should do more of it. Hope to see some wedding photos in the future
I'll never love again
An amazing concert!!! MIRRORS-Sangeeta Teresa Mai in Concert in Los Angeles, CA
hold on to me like a
I need go get a camera I love photography heres some pics I took last night
vs is awesome, but the face of the boy who just got the ball from Burton is priceless.
Buried alive
When you smile i forget all sadness in this world
Valentine
This year you're mine KawaiiToDie!
And you, whom will be yours?
Autsj!! Bad puppy! Poor toes Hope they recover soon
6 months ago ?
Yes. He was desperately looking for land and I think that's my way of appreciating him for all the things he has done for me
just thought u guys would rly 2 c my fine art which depicts v realistic self portraits
- SPOOKY SPECTACULAR
Tap if following this bet and you could win free VIP access at
Best race ever Congratulations Kimi Raikkonen
: I love your account so bad ! And I hope you will meet Dylan soon you deserve it
I love you.
Thankyou For standing up for the trans community
Hello guys~
This is my new drawing of Jimin from BTS
I hope you like it and see you soon
Follow my
I hope He has the best birthday today. I love him so so so much and he always makes me
so proud of you !
So nice to be off my feet for a few minutes! I get a great work out at work! Off to my mom and soon for dinner!
This broke my heart
How freaking beautiful. I think I should catch up on episodes because thes are
Feliz dia hermosa
so Haseeeen yar
Always fight for the things that you love
Wow beautiful,
U belong with me
. [21-10-18]
ig stories
sorry , you deserved better. you're so talented and I hope we get to see more of you in the future
Alhamdullilah for being blocked by all three of them
Happy Sunday! Hope a blessed one
'Handsome Daniel....'
Handsome
Thank you...
I believe in with all my
Best wishes,
Bijan from that is the land of Cyrus the Great
Thanks donna forgot it was on
Und dann R2G in Hessen
Happy Bornday KO
comme je
doing more or less the same right now
Yes I love it too
you still my nigga fact
The black youngblood hoodie and I'm from Italy!
Please talk to someone even if it ain't us. Love you friend
Onika, you are well appreciated
Lenovo is IBM brand they make excellent gear... If I didn't have mac I'd have Lenovo.If price wasn't issue granted.
Fucking time zone
But after wake up I'll be watching
lol I'll dm you the place you will choose the date
I'm in love with this photo
About last night..... 2018 Dance Crush Halloween Party
My brother seems so happy, and that alone makes me so happy
BEBITO HERMOSO LO HICISTE TE AMO MUCHO DESCANSA POR FAVOR
Jheezz go check that
I know we don't know each other but if you want to talk you can always dm me
Same to you!
Delicious mean
Trying to not complain and be "a drama queen" to people if i am not feeling okay but thanks for asking
Great
Gate me all u want
I needed to read this so bad
I love it
We u!! wait to see u x
25 purrfectly natural reasons to love | 9. Your pretends to be independent, but he's waiting at the
My super awesome table mate
Yes! She's the best! (You also)
You smashed it, as usual
Tikitito
Thank you
Mi hermoso equipo
I like the name of moonchild I hope there will really be a song like that.
WRONG DECISION He was AMAZING GUTTED going home
HOCO with the Queen
You can dog sit this lot anytime haha.
Meet Ziggy, Link and Hemmy
Good Night
I want to have a Friendsgiving at my house !!!
We're so in love with the Brentwood This handcrafted table is a statement piece for any room! For a limited
Mis bromas favoritas fueron estas
Our 4 year anniversary is 2 months away i wait , gonna be so surprised.
Beautiful icon by
we wish you GL with med school!
Sunday, Miami !! Love
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THIS PRECIOUS FLOWER
Enjoy your amazing day!
This gif screams sarcasm, but i actually do love poetry
olsun
Hola soy nueva y me inspiro soy gracias Cata
I feel like they're playing to me
THIS IS SO
Everyday is a second chance.
Gucci Mark really my ..our beat downs be bro loyalty never changed when it come to me
still not sure how I feel about you but happy birthday
My brother just wished I was dead the LOVE.
You guys were amazing! So proud of you four unreal
Hahaha for sure! Good luck love
Guess what I just found out last night a Leo I be happier
TEAM WORK MAKES THE DREAM WORK
Zombie Crawl with my favorites
What a wonderful lady
Excellent, thanks for the reference.
commission my friend andrew
the Boney Plays merchandise looks amazing! Thank you for always selling quality items!
Wow see this! It's so freaking beautiful!
Such a lovely weekend
Live Aboard de Mergulho
when are you coming to ghana???
My lil bro got married blessed to be apart of it
Love Senssions
Iti malia, meu amor
Buzzing for tour!!
Wanna join today, well you can just by Dming me
Strengthen the things that remain
Meno male non hai vinto in Bahrein ma qui. Grande
Ops
thanks for the visit, boo!
even tho be nice to practice my french
Me encanta sentirte cerca
I know
Happy homecoming
Wanna be back in Mousehole and the trewavas with Alex and my family
You can DM me if that makes you feel more comfortable?
Church day was a great day! miss some of my family though. Hope to see them in church next weekend!
Smp
love to
My niece sang happy birthday to herself and I deal with how precious it is, aunt Toria loves you so much
Yes, it was early. Very little of it though.
I Amazon Prime, especially this new addition of free next-day shipping! But just
so@happy for you my love
amazing love her
This will always be my favourite video ever
bangtanboysshawnmendes: JUNGKOOK EXERCISING IS SO Omg, I love him so much
will get better, you know. Not perfect, but
hope
worth the
I miss you John Vianney Libang
Plak hediyelerinizi beklerim
proud of you too
To my favorite leader, happy birthday!!! May you stay healthy and continue giving us good music! Congrats on
I love the NYX pencils! Looks fab
2 a
Lost electronica Phantom Electric Ghost Click on link on our Profile
Getting both
May your life together be full of love and love be full of life
Best wishes to you & your beloved
in the now so
Do you like this
Sting of the Dump
Lee Min Ho
LOTTE Duty Free Family Concert
October 21.2016
A Two Year ago
Thank you Hun, needed to hear that
No words or filters needed labellamijacksonvillebeach
She The Freshest When She Walk In the Building
so cute
Today makes 8 years, I miss you so much everyday but I know proud of the women I am today. I love you mom
Slm Olgun Ve Beyler ARASIN.
TEL 0536 443 4213
&
roses are red violets are blue all I want to see in my notifications is "ashton irwin followed you"
She definitely deserves to win good luck hunny
Just saw this last night Paul. My condolences for your loss. thinking of you
a yes from me
I felt that
If anyone wants to buy me World Series gear be my favorite
My family and I love this place!
My heart is happy.
11:7
i like you bc first lemme say you're dead gorgeous i cry! you're my role model as well and i hope i can meet you one day :)
Awwww
It's a long drive. Be safe
Weee encontre esto en IG
No puedo es un tan bonito
be happier with how going and the people around me
All the best wishes happy bday
My poor little kitchen turns into a candle making factory at this time of year! Ha! It smells AMAZING though
At TLF kids are the ultimate inspiration. They move effortlessly, and soak information up Like a sponge. the
So so proud
Les dejo a mi rey bye
Y'all are just too kind
Goodmorning
What a BEAUTIFUL BABY!
Prayers, positive vibes, hail Satan whatever you believe in please send good waves my way today
Nuh uh blue eyes are where it's at they're so pretty
Looking forward to tonight's Join us LIVE via at 6pm ET!
if you voted stranger then let yourself out
lol we're in this together boo
Marcus has always been so good with Addison, their bond has always flowed so naturally
Valla banada
hola te amo mucho
Good Night bb! Sweet Adam Dreams!
Sexy
Thankyou For supporting the trans community
y
burada basliyor/bitiyor
My lover
Thank you
Happy birthday brother
Good night, Olivia
Pst spread love sister! Not worth the energy, just leave them alone
Directement chez Apple ? Tu as vu ? Merci bae
Should of put it in deadlock to see what the public wanted
Ciddi Ve Olgun Beyer ARASIN.
TEL->> 0536 443 4213
Today's a day that I'll NEVER
honestly got some of the best people in my life i could ever wish for, u know who u are and i love all of u
JESSICA thank you so much for reading! You have made this book what it is!
- are .
Love my son
Tsugu is just awesome !
She desserves a lot of love, I hope everyone will someday love her. I cherish her so so much !!
Everybody Party with and till the morning
Whether the weather is cold,
whether the weather is hot,
whatever the weather
we're in this TOGETHER,
whether we like it or not!
I love you Adel
grande love U
Eu te amo tanto
videos are so calming and motivating
We always feel better in the house of God
Good luck Domo we are here for u and we love u
Beautiful
Be alright
kindred spirits we are me and Tobi
You both be careful, you she can do it
And hey, his
Don't sleep with your head on the dinner table.
Congratulations
Blue slimewith hearts confetti along with a yellow seahorse (from a slimekit)
I liked a video I love her brain
I must admit they are beautiful
I love her , I love the way she act the way she help people in the show
love you omg were so cute i love usss
this quote shared by at on your strategy!
Went to church, got an walked in the park, ate avocado toast and played checkers with babe
Happy Sunday!
Church was so good today
I know but chin up babe and stay strong
soutenu
Rest in peace Joe Rainey, and thank you for all the things you did for this band and for people in general
Reet, get another stream ganning! Oi oiiiiiiiiiii. Hope to see some of you sausages there
in the now so
i hope everything will go well, thinking of her
Tonight was insane!! Thanks to everyone for voting.
Texas-shaped Frosted Flakes.
i am from canada :) and i would like the black youngblood hoodie love ya thank you for doing this
Sly fox Disney California Adventure Park
Congrats
Paramedic in the making! So proud of your quick reflexes
My is 3rd and my 7 yr old niece (who rocks your lipsticks) is the 7th
Archeology museodemalaga
so happy for you and so proud would be amazing if we could meet you xx
Sorry for your loss
y
Take care and hope it does you well! Hope back soon
Valentine
This year you're mine Marcelo115_!
And you, whom will be yours?
Monique you are so kind always. Thank you
thank you brother for last night I love you !
wait until my book Four comes in the mail. Looking forward to some much needed soul food
Loving this photo I took of Jimmy
Ayyyy congrats 50k, can't think of anyone that deserves it more!
Yea for the angle . It was a very nice shot
I'm gonna be re-watching this Hasan Minhaj special for eternity fr fr. The honesty and vulnerability
Beautiful
- Who else loves strawberry lemonade?
Seniors 19
Thank you very much.. hoping there is an improvement tonight.. I hope you sleep well
I just wanted to hug Kim, tell her how much I love her and protect her from everything.
my beautiful best friend
saw the moon bright and big today otw home from six, made me think of my og michelle. miss u la u dumb bitch
The power went out last night and played a few songs anyway what a beauty
to our first apple orchard together !
//let's try to get this girl some friends!
for a gif starter
Rt to spread the word
in the now so
grateful I picked you to baptize lilah
whew I love G I R L S
Signal boosting this AMAZING series!!!
Woody...stares at me for what seems like hours
I LOVE YOU BEYOND WORDS
via Instagram Stories
LP.... CELEBRATING OUR 11 YEAR ANNIVERSARY!!!!! WE'VE BEEN TRU SO MUCH TOGETHER but OUR FOR ONE ANOTHER GETS
/ |
/ /
/
/_/
Finally gotta let it go
Thank you for you ability to - Redskin fans
SLUMS y RAID BO2 vs SLUMS y RAID
RT y MG pliss
21
What do my creations bring to the world?
The Five of Wands is a sign of conflict
Thank you!
It was actually inspired by own article on
Always good to run into librarians I admire!
Imy wife my much I again am glad she took her leap of faith cuz my at
That one time I colored my hair
Love one another whole heartedly.
It all starts in your own home
Have a blessed Sunday!
Me encanta!
Can you fall for a woman like me?
Jean against the machine!!!!
If I show you my music, the playlists that keep my heart beating and my outlook bright, I am sharing with you
I Like You Because You are a great friend and A great partner to work with
You are so incredibly talented!
Thank you so much!
We are so proud of you. Always. We love you so much.
honestly got some of the best people in my life i could ever wish for and i love all of u
SHSHSLSKS
brincando
meus amores
ready to settle down and get married... I think time. Just putting it out there..
in the now so
1994 - the year I met Martin, and Martin met my horse Hetty
be there next time I have my last midterm Tuesday and I need to study
I you
Fact
Omgggg the freaking crawl my heart even take it
you always put a smile on my face before i go to bed- love that and i love you
thank you
Sorry but if the purge was a thing, first thing ad be doing is buying a monkey and keeping it a pet
Nipples are good
Congratulations to our own Adam Thielen!! 7 consecutive games over 100 yards...wooo hoooo!!!
Ur a FANTASTIC mentor. No idea what British voters were thinking. Head up...you're going to kill it next week. PROUD!
Hey I love you more
Que gran noche 19-10-18
"No human being can remain indifferent when another human being asks to be helped"
Dr Who, Strictly, X Factor, TOWIE, Celebs go dating and Butterfly - thank god half term tomorrow
I swear Simi and her mom reminds me of myself and my mom. Moms are so annoying but I wouldn't have it any other way.
Know that we are with you in spirit and that all here to help when you need it
happy birthday to an OG brotha
en concierto de ayer en la noche
09
Monday October 22nd on Sky Q at 21.00 pm
my hands are so pretty
Do you and reply to PresidentTrumps posts to encourage him and our base?
It's lucky
Congratulations!
As long as you're nice to people
People will be nice to you
Yes you do, but also makes you more adorable
Leaving beautiful Berlin.
So sorry for your loss
Shocks like that put everything into sharp perspective.
In Kimi we trust.
For ever
So sorry for your loss
Shocks like that put everything into sharp perspective.
Nida is so ugly but very precious by heart, She is so kind
Yass mama!!! teach them
Por fin!
Absolutely gorgeous! You are a goddess!
Good luck! May he uplift you to your fullest potential! He seen you through it all and is happy
thank you bby
Love you
You are an angel
Wow so sorry, girl. keeping you & your family in your prayers
Merci Yannis
Do your thang & show them all love you
Summer may be over, but bikini bridges lead you back to warmth (29 Photos)
Times When I Drifted Away Your Grace Would Say
Still Belong To
crappy flare ups so bad when I have Zack next to me
Cute
Thank you So are you! You're seriously awesome
Hourly Jonathan
Wouldn't trade the love we share for anything
Queen girl you are one of a kind very special you are.
Love this. Strong lady
in the now so
Insta Story! Our SaRavi are so cute!
Congrats Camille, you so deserve happiness and love
Oh captain, my captain.
in the now so
This is tragic :( RIP
Whenever something like this happens, put the rivalry aside. Even if we despise each
LOVE FOREVER
Will follow when Twitter allows!
My boyfriend have twitter but if he did tag him because he deserves it
I love it. I actually thought fake before the snap and then said no, crazy. But it worked!
Where does everyone get their cute little fairy lights from for the background of their videos?? Help a girl out
hediyem
Ok blessings, I see you!
Here we have Diamond rocking her UPS uniform with dad! Off to deliver !
forget to send us
in the now so
Yessir Goodlookin bro
EU ACREDITO QUE VIVI PARA VER A MOIRA LIVRE DA MURDER HOUSE
QUASE 8 ANOS DEPOIS American Horror Story devia
Forever sticking my head in the sun
.
.
.
How lovely was the autumnal sunshine today? Warmth, crispy
cauanny_lima_ via Instagram. (
i'm so excited bby
You are welcome! Always...
Brave! Heroes know how to protect!
No filter , no edit ! Challenge accepted
|SORTEO VERY FAST! |
=l)X1 Fornite
=)Dar RT y FaV
Follow:
|@DinoMCGives7v7 |
Having you through difficult times is such a wonderful thing.
Done
YA QUIERO QUE SEA 24!!
Love you fofinha
1 Love
globaljeyarthall
Frst part ng message nila Maine at Alden sa ADN
And a W vs eagles thank
Tomorrow is the last day to register to vote California! If over 18 there are no excuses friends
Valentine
This year you're mine photographjack!
And you, whom will be yours?
nothing like family
Good morning
I love you guys so much please take care of yourselves
Valentine
This year you're mine laylalbassam!
And you, whom will be yours?
With money
20K 25K
Pamarta Bali
/
~747
Snapchat - BlushSnaps
always a message away, love you
Not even you believe this sweety
Thank you, Mia!
Thank u !!
Appreciate you bro
Really hype to grind it out for X13 with you, you deserve the spot. Hella underrated
thanks
My new addition
Perfect for cosy autumn nights
Que lindo
Te amo
I want to with the
Meus amores
So many babies
Amazing!
teaching our the truth of history
Follow = Follow (Unfollow = Unfollow)
Shoutout = Shoutout
Like = Like (Unlike = Unlike)
Comment = Comment
Yep, absolutely right about refined sugars and carbs. sure be back to your old self in no time!
Note to self: okay. Everything will be fine
Woahh, good logic that's trueeee
goodmorning
Sis, please use text on the cover art
Well new video in 20 minutes. I just want to say that I love you all!
LOL
I love you so much
I hope you had a wonderful weekend
Thank you
check it out!
treat me like a king so I gotta return the energy baby
I Don't think you should put yourself down as much as you do, you seem pretty cool
What ever u want to do, make sure it makes u happy
Time spent with cats is never wasted
my lil bitch hard I lie
Congratulations! so very happy you found your Soulmate
Crying
Mr. & Mrs. Slayton
Um amor por essa blusa
joe would never give up on beck
I'm glad to have met you! Congrats on 500! Love you *pat pat*
available to you Jesus hallelujah now free and I just want to be available to you
my friends are so supportive of me and know what i need
Keff estamos re emocionados!!!
Be productive this day! Miss you saysay
You have a beautiful heart Kendall
Love you!
Love love love even better listening to it acoustic
my
available to you Jesus hallelujah now free and I just want to be available to you
I love you with everything I got
Thank you sooo much
This is amazing. When he dedicated the song to his new friend Sarah I was wondering who it was. Then I saw your story.
Perfect
Thanks tinafitts for another great class We just supporting local and and
" Fingers & Let Me " Streaming those two masterpieces stealing my brother's tablet
Was bored so i drew
- hi so a thread of my daily love and appreciation for daniel and shawn
Yayyyyy I love you too!!! Always will my friend
Hey today is my Birthday you can say Hi for Me?
available to you Jesus hallelujah now free and I just want to be available to you
Music Will ALWAYS Have My Heart
Aww!! Thank you!!! Her and Mandy were so sweet to us!!
Kindly CLICK the HEART on picture and LIKE page. Thanks much!
Kindly SHARE also guys and
This vibe
a in any road gonna stop us from anything. I love you babe
Thanks, love!! So are you
Goodmorning
i love you even more then that
Just wonderful they have been saved and have a great home for them Waccoe . Hope you have had
so sorry babe I know going to find her
available to you Jesus hallelujah now free and I just want to be available to you
this is a great sweater and it feels so comftorable everyone go copp it it's sooooo worth it
stop watching
I would love to get a blowjob from this beautiful woman! So and so sexy! Gorgeous as hell!
Foi top
10/22
Thank you boo
Love you buddy
Yikes, lol. Love you Nick (no homo)
Goodnight beautiful people
They don't sleep there by Fenty Beauty
available to you Jesus hallelujah now free and I just want to be available to you
Haha love it
Super cute wedding planning evening for my girl enjoying the whole thing
dance with Angelique when ever she wants where ever she wants until the day I die
always be so proud of x everyone make sure you preorder
Thank you
I this show.
When you hardcore watching
hks_cbf_ (get_repost)
Always missed, never forgotten
Happy 54th birthday
Perrin and all rest
My sunshine
// Ew, I really hate my
I'm glad that you love it. I love you the most. Period.
zaynmalik it's been 84 years pls follow me akshjshs
zaynmalik it's been 84 years pls follow me akshjshs
Hahaha. I debate but get sucked in too easily. Just like Tater trying to ignore a donut, it's futile.
So excited for you !!!
We our seniors!
ending the pinned giveaway RT this for extra luck
Lo adoro
I love you so much & hope you are enjoying your time off
Amigos q eu amo muito
Now ain't that adorable!~
Prontinho
key sings, dances and raps so well
Catalyst gave us Cararpige/Renapace canon we've been yearning for
Amo a esta mujer.
Still by on
Cardiff Saturday night for besties 21st birthday
In the process of trying to memorize and rap this whole song
Mac Miller - 100 Grandkids (Official Music
Mamush is the best
thank you!
be safe tonight
Road trip, rain & good songs
Thank you Stacey
awesome
Thanks for sharing!
Absolutely love , the only reason I watch the best girl on it , stunning
We love you and everything you do for us. You're amazing Shane.
The Funky Prima Donna sings you a happy Sunday
Great seeing you
you
Thank you, .@IPM_Cares, for sharing
Every RT helps our story get that much closer to people who may be to help
Thank you
Meu bichinho do mato predileto kkkkkkkkk
Awesome thanks for sharing
Twins run in my family
can we make the bracelets back
Inspired by I love you sister
My line of emojis for you-
so proud of you! You looked beautiful!
Me too baby girl
Teve bolinho de novo
Thank you another amazing recipe!!
I saw this in the cinema... and both my kids have grown up with it as well.
I love you so much
HEY NCCU.
Call on me , , for all your Ultimate Homecoming styling.
$25 small wand curls, $20
Happy Birthday, my love You always work so hard. This is your day do whatever you want to do.
lil tracy
Welcome home
Shameless
Amo minha bunda
I wanna see reminds me of Takers only I find these ladies sexy lol. cool though
Love. Theo. Quito, Ecuador
These three dorks i love seeing them together
In all of time, I wonder how many lives I will have to live, until I find my way back to you
Hey wanna get married?!
My Girl and her horse playing today.
Shoutout to and just want to let you know i love you guys
Thank you sm good morning,sunflower gtg! Bye and stay safe
Lovely afternoon visiting Kenwood with Adina This is our last-minute picture in the tube: I'm wearing Puck a
Reage a Stay With Me - Park Chanyeol? meu ponto de luuuz!!
gonna deactivate for a while to sort my life again ill be back soon
Buonanotte ...
Nawwh miss our boys but there doing bloody amazing as solo artists!!
NYC! OH I MISSED U Beautiful Day Today!
you don't fear your enemy for you don't have any but yourself.
I eat pork but I see your vision
Have a nice warm day
I do ship these guys in fanfic though, hard!!!!
yep, beautiful story, really
I'm so thankful for the people in my life that actually care about my mental health during this time
is now online
A night to remember
Astaghfirullah
For my past
Alhamdulillah
For my present
In Shaa Allah
For my future
A minute of silence was held today in honor of my uncle
The in Costa Rican soccer is being
Surgery fund:
Thank you
At least have a these folks are running for their lives.
happy date of birth love
ERIKA BONNET
55 4759 0434
Love ya too swifty
Warning dreams woke me up. Dear God what do you ask of me.
Your make me happy
mh, yea.. thank you for saying that to me
Sending you prayers of healing and stress during this time. Losing a parent is tough at any age. My goes out you
em Jesus Cristo
Hoy por
This....
Minding my business, drinking water, taking vitamins and avoiding toxic relationships of any kind
cat is snoring
when i win the lottery this week i gotchu
thank you loml
ASSISTAM TUDO POR UM POP STAR QUE DELICIA DE FILME
We are still so proud of you, ! Thank you for representing Philippines! Godbless you!
thanks girl
Te amoooooo. El video estuvo supeer
Those recivers have and Balls, Parker dosent.
Empty
Gathered during my walk today.
Atl tonite! SEXY GIRLS & TRAP MUSIC lavishbistro21 Call 404-481-7072 for Sections
The are the best!! Congratulations
Good night. Sweet dreams.
*i can't believe*
and RT
I still look at Craigslist for Jeeps and still found one as remotely close to as perfect as mine.
Thanks for your tender loving
Omg she is so beautiful
Thanks for sharing!
I want to put little stickers on his moles
Good morning Yes and i will come back
| Louis mandandole besos a las fans.
YES!!!! Congrats Spratty!!!!! been waiting TOO long for this moment.
Yum look at my rae
Muito
I am rooting for as our D-Coordinator as loud as I could! He has some Jim Johnson in him!
wow !!! you speak in Spanish is my language, hello it's nice to meet you I love your account
Of course
Proud of you!
I have no clue how or why storm puts up with my emotional crazy ass. I love him so much though and I'm so thankful he does
Another awesome video guys. You two crack me up so much love you guys and
The Best Thing That Ever Happened to Me
Sunday Sunday
Look at that face!
pit stop in on the way home
Angry little trolls - crying out because no young woman would ever willingly go with them - from me to
2 girls out in South Carolina in our Bret Michaels hats
Tonga.... Beautiful people! how special was all of that! missing from OUR NRL.
Miss you grandpa you always in my heart
I am to be loved by someone like you is playing.
This is so heartbreaking stay strong Daniel
Mondayyy!
Look at my honey
The countdown begins!
Love
Love for self
Love for others
Many, many acts of love
I relate to this so much. But you seem like a sweetheart to me.
Incase I mention. We love you guys all for love
I love Scotland.
Goodmorning .TyLsm
Arr they are Robyn has just eaten a spider
can you see a good noodle
Anyway, moving on.
Tell me about your day, lovelies!
Thanks i love you
I wish Bears wins to see you happy Sethie maybe next time don't lose the faith on your favorite Football team
Gn then
Can I just this a thousand times??
Buenas noches
I'm sending many, no - millions smooches from czech rep. And warm hugs!!!!
(I'm getting help and
Gatoo
Been thinking about it for a few already & it not solving anything, ain't really a problem
you don't fear your enemy for you don't have any, but yourself.
I love this idea!!
SOLD OUT Still come t up with us see you at the scene
Happy blessed birthday for our leader, one and only Kim Hanbin
All the best wishes for you dear.
happy birthday neighbor!! enjoy the rest of ur day heart you xoxoxoox
AHH!! This so warm and now im smiling HHHH
Love you too
One of my favourite movies growing up!
I hope you have a wonderful rest of October! Rest up and relax, everyone deserves a break.
Thank you so much
Hi! with my
Follow = Follow (Unfollow = Unfollow)
Shoutout = Shoutout
Like = Like (Unlike = Unlike)
Comment = Comment
This besutiful human is my world.
>
Oh well I also plugged up the light too
If you wanna chat about it, dm me anytime always here, even if I tweet much
Awe thank you!!
I'm rounding up my Lyft fares to donate to Human Rights Campaign. You should join the movement.
Thanks !!
probably the best date we ever had super exhausting but fun at the same time. Happy 5th monthsary babe I
To every trans in the world, we love you
Stay strong plz
worry, trump is old and will kick the bucket soon.
oh my there are other softer pups out there im sure but thank you, it means a lot :p
AIGOOO~ Thank you so much! Love u
Awwww look at them all together
The overwhelming cuteness that is our grand daughter!
Sunday Fun day
On the first trip to Ingleton, Yorkshire
happy cake day
Your journey has only just begun
Missing the times bro
G
O
D
H
A
S
M
Y
B
A
C
K
T
H
R
O
U
G
H
W
H
A
T
E
V
E
R
Latin America loves you and supports you in every step you take!
Danny Phantom
We Cork!
Same.
Aww, Val, this is lovely! You both look so happy and smiley and gorgeous.
Caitlin
thank you :)
Anytime
OMG! How much I love this Luckdragon!
We had an ape at work and it was the cutest thing in the world. I own one..... ever. But holy crap what an experience
You did
And always on my mind too
I wish I had all the pics me n baby took together in high school n shit , major throwbacks
Happy Birthday !
thank you!
Already know I'm about to relate to this song
Minha
So lucky to be married to a man that supports me in my work and just who I am as a woman
Medium Waist Length Goddess Locs IG: crownedx_
Neat & crisp triangle parts
Rohayhuu Sidney ! Paraguay
Since : 17.06.18
Welcome to me!
yesterday was nothing but perfect congrats aaron and marissa love you guys!!
happy as fuck & nobody can take that from me anymore
Sweet honey
Stay strong, All love family
Happy Birthday Mom
Good Moo deserves all the
Day 21 of Geisha
Using Flash Palette girlmeetsbrush brushes AS ALWAYS
Oh you!
I love you boo
GOOD she can stay in the box
happy birthday love you lots
Besides my fat ass on your timeline I hope everyone is having a great day!
Grande Puma!
Love you too Tay
cuore di mamma
wow i love you
Single
San Jose game
San Jose Clean sheet NO
odds 2.50
Hit & when Bet
Thank you Lord sa good news!!! Dili pa tawn mi late
Thanks for the host !!! Had a blast playing in the tournaments with all of you!
Thanks gunner ! Much love
We all are so proud of you and your boys
an amazing judge
gonna win it pls be sad
Yes on Measure L. our community.
DYING Grey's Anatomy aboycandream
That was my first fete in months and I definitely felt the love vibrating off the walls
MUY BUENAS TARDES CORAZONES ESPERO QUE HOY MAMI HAYAN DISFRUTADO ESTE TAN ESPECIAL
Happy birthday, Carrie Fisher.
3 gens
Enjoying my Sunday with the in laws
so happy Ariana is surrounded by good friends and all her animals what she needs right now
and when shit got hard she fold.... so she getting everything she deserve now. I LOVE YALL SO MUCH!
yo i hope u find her probably done smthn stupid with her friends or
I WILL PROTECT YOU IN WAYS THAT I CAN, PLEASE STAY HAPPY ALWAYS, YOUR HAPPINESS IS MY SOURCE OF STRENGTH I
Congrats fredo and jas! Much love for your beautiful family
He would get 63rd century against West Indies
MqG#MAGA
Fluoride added to water health products aids not natural Fluoride, but nuclear power waste
Do you love me?
also, tour??? ;)
aahhh obrigado!!
you
Determination will hopefully get me there
todas tem
MashaAllah nice pic
they are awesome
:(
A LIL PICTURE OF MY PRINCESS
Love you babe three days will go by in no time
Suspicious Partner
Watching all the Twilight movies in order
She is really, she's a junior member of our Gossy Family
Very very nice! We all miss Tom!!
YOU ARE SO CUTE IM IN LOVE
Good Morning
Ao vv com as chuchu
Thanks my brother
with my besties
I stan an intellectual
I love my three furry boys. Happy Birthday Cookie & Muffin
En el diario de hoy!
You are indeed
How cute does Caben look with his mummy
give them to you so you come back even if you play fornite or lol
A night to remember
Get them to fuck yeah am good babe xx
OMG this guy is genius
Gold. this is a very lame thing for someone to do.
losing my mind rn I actually expect a reply from ilysm
I hope you and Domonic had a lovely time at church
Mood:
Another super adorable dashboard from this month's from plannerpress
I candles and welcome Patricia :)
Shakira
9 individual teaser starting tomorrow OWHHH YIXING MAAA HEARTEUUU IT'S BEEN SO LONG
It doesn't matter what team you support ... this.
So happy to have them to look up too 2 great women
Good Night
only take 2 minutes to see play TKO!
Support her &
They'd be dumb not to approve you, B.
hella love for my lil brothers
It was absolutely beautiful and perfect!! Honored and blessed to be apart of your special day!
3 years 3 years 3 years!
Nah, us GGs tho
We love
Store-bought is fine
glad I hope your day tomorrow is also better
Goodmorning.
Greenleaf is the show to watch!!! outstanding performance by the amazing, motivational role model
The God is back bitches!
I love you too
Benidorm week with my and the Williams clan
Thanks love!
Thank you for the live stream! Was fun to watch and I hope you enjoyed yourself too! Lots of
I did some late night shopping on amazon the other day and somehow I ended up buying these unicorn
Good night thank you for everything xxx
Miss you
I Halloween!!!
You fail. He fail. Depression is deadly and painful.
minhas confidentes
I really love your pictures your so ptretty, kiss in the cheek Awww thank you
T como
Communication, Love , Understanding, Trust & GOD
How much does it take to be this beautiful?
Are you happy with her? yes
I love this girl
Meu artista!
Omg! Happy belated birthday this cake is cute
Your opening statement Sat eve was a grand slam!!
Niggas just now telling me yeah I know. mfs just been in a deep ass sleep I appreciate the love tho
I love that my cats favorite spot is the house is where ever I am
thank you Luther
" We got you. We will fight for ALL our sisters. via womensmarch
yea i agree! and of course!
Cute fugging girl
love you
thank you cap
Honestly*
Love you!
I will never forget you
His canopy over us is love sweet love.
EU TE AMO MUITO
My heart
Andra day - rise up!! Literally my song atm
this just made my day so much better thank you Zayn
Nothing says like chopped ox heart and lamb tripe (pictured) for dinner. I believe I do this
he's really heal me at some point ;-; thank you for all of the pics ;-; i will try to take breaks
Every single day I come home to someone excited to see me. A whole year and still genuinely happy when I come back. Its wonderful
I have to give a huge, huge thank you to my roommate Thank you for the unending support, tea
Holy shit, so proud of you guys!!! And we know you're not gonna stop here!
Happy BirthDay Our lovely Salamony
Lovvvvve you and love your voice to the moon
Little wolf
I love you!!! Thank you sweet lady
My boyfriend has to love Japanese and Mexican food just as much as I do all I eat
hermosa como ninguna !!
Happy birthday to your mom I hope that she enjoyed her special day though
I actually thought this definitely a compliment! She is stunning in the film
Keep your chin up Sylvie This is my Summer She certainly cheers me up
We helped out today!! We recognized you, but we sure and we want to be creepy!!
Yours Mine and Ours Memory Box
Thanks Hayli Miss you
Knit season
One Size only
Dare to be different only a Dzababe
Shop our New in Dzababe x
We Continue our Celebrations and DANCE will be ON ........
Pictures will go On ...and keep our Smiles ON
I am having a wonderful weekend. I hope you are too
My oldest, my son
International Peace Gardens
My youngest, my son
International Peace Gardens
Miss you too sis
Safe Flight guys
I your son!
I SAW IT FIRST LOOK AT THIS TALENT
Yo
Donald Trumps neck is 9 months Pregnant & about to dilate
welcome
Love,
Chris
Jazzy
Rap Monster
Thank me later
The rest of the October Patreon pins are in Ohio! They'll probably get here Monday or Tuesday We're so happy
Follow = Follow (Unfollow = Unfollow)
Shoutout = Shoutout
Like = Like (Unlike = Unlike)
Comment = Comment
Mon amour
Follback dong
A boss
I'm going to cherish this.
Loved the movie and the song
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Stevie!
For the of Shimmer Chanpionship. vs w/
I
Good morning cant wait for today 6PM KST 5PM
I love you
igual vc, te amo
Family
NEW ARRIVALS
STRING BODYCON DRESS
IMPROVED VERSION!
Cotton Spandex
POLKA AND PLAIN
Femme
gmorning and have a nice day
gonna be a Godfather
a good good father
Thanks for the kind words! working on it, and the support that getting right now is amazing
How cool is this!
sdancewow with get_repost
So beautiful!!!
Tag Your Friends FOLLOW
ahhh, sds rj
im tying to help my best friend become his true self
Starting over from S1EP1........so glad there are new episodes!
OMG my baby Amaya, my daughter Thank you for acknowledging her!!
MY
Met Aug , 1990
Dating - Jan 1991- ??? Off and on so I remember
Love
thanks bruthhaaa
Love it
i love you and im proud of you
Love of my life. Sasuke daddyy
Ughh I agree
Thanks Zae
Life is better with you
De lei
Thank you tell me what you think when you done
Come follow pur journey
Nothin but love
Tweeting whatever you want without anyone being able to see >>>>>
Thanks so much for the support xxxx
'Headless chicken sea monster' filmed swimming off East Antarctica - BBC News US
Lost my dog last Tuesday. I understand completely
El principio de todo
So cute
hi I just wanna say I love you guys, y'all make me so happy
better call saul
Thank you, John.
Happy birthday sweet P!!! Miss you lots and I hope you have a good one!!
I followed on instagram please do it I love you
Every Uaena and Lights know that Yang Yoseob is a big fan of IU A big thank you to Yong Junhyung for revealing
Maravilla
Twitter !! Can We all make a LOVE chain .. I will start ok !! To everyone on Twitter here is some free LOVE
James is on the way up. No stopping this guy. Michigan
Chama as
They are cute..you go girl
shooting my shots alll week on me
Muy feliz cumple
SEMANGATT SAYAAANGGGG
I love you so much and I hope you get tons of cuddles when you get home
Single
Atletico National Medellin game
First half over 0.5 goals
odds 2.25
Hit &
The most beautiful person in this whole world
Big shout out to my dearly departed dog Pogo who would have been 12 today. Love and miss you Pogo.
so curious I hope you got your pizza and it cold
Good Luck and God bless sa exam class :)
watching A Wrinkle in Time and my mommy made cinnamon buns and gonna make coffee and I feel like a little kid again
Thanks for answering, Sweetest Jae! Seeing Desperate Housewives on the list got me excited, I
Ah,Selda annem sen hep var ol
Had a lovely 'leaving' dinner for my baby sister today
We've had her home for a month and now she's off on more
A favorite. Must jig along...every time.
? not scorpio season yet wait ur turn evil sluts
Responde wha puesh
anytime babe, also your dress from? so cute
Very deep, personal and beautiful
happy birthday you continue to make me so proud!! ily and i hope your day is amazing like you
QUE GANE EL ROJO Y TODO EL ES CARNAVAL
Thankyou so much
Hop la pour toi psk t beau
So excited to start working out w but ass better come on
naraid66
cppwlwukvoba
I've honestly had such a great weekend
I wish I could have been a stay at home mom. I have such respect for those women.
Beautiful fall day
bon apres + 1 h sur Twitter et au total 2 h a essayer de bonne nuit
Home for a day visit Island Cove, Portland OR
No where else to post these so need a break from everything so ill build my twitter up ig lol FOLLOW ME
Thnx a lot
good morning, happy birthday again my dearest bias kim hanbin
Be Wonder Woman
adorable
LMAO it's true
keith may be BP now, but he'll always be more red in his heart as far as shiro's concerned
Missing you a lot today Kev
Wedding ready
Thank you sm
Literally followed all of my fellow and on the Deaf/HoH list and you should too! Lots of talent out there!
so are you Syd
Thank you for your kind words. You're so sweet, I appreciate this
Love you
The 100
Sure loved, be well soon, thank you
!!!!
hi babe, love u ,have a great day
Bitches be so in love until they find out they sharing a nigga with another bitch talk about humble pie
Happy birthday Pen
Miss you guys too
Great Promo Art I forgot about the anime. I'll check it out
down to see what you see
Te amoo!.
being oot aw weekend but cannot hack being on my own when am this rough on a sunday
Have a great day of your life
Happiest birthday mariana!! I miss u!!
Night Everyone
Touche` .. ouch .. .. it brunn .. [pardon my french :]
EDM and metalcore have that in common for sure.
Assassin's Creed Odyssey Kassandra
with
We A great source of polyunsaturated and essential
JOONYOUNG SPELLED MY NAME WRONG BUT ITS OKAY IM SO HAPPY
Know how how that feels sending lots of hugs
Celebrating OurOFFICIAL1Year Anniversary
Because of people like me and you!!
My heart snapped
just wrong to do. sure there are people moving to their own drum and putting peanut butter on first lol
Eu te amo tanto
I absolutely what these shoes fight for. As a breast
I love your
Knit season
One Size only
Dare to be different only a Dzababe
Shop our New in Dzababe x
Hehe I love you
glad he already like this
Cuties
Im late but for anyone that needs someone to talk to for a smile or just because their bored please messages me
I love you
I'm flattered
HAHAHAHAHAHAH no prob mamsh ily too
anyways gn i love skz the mostest
Walked down the aisle to this song when I got married, love it
I love Texas and never want to go home
Cinder and Emerald's relationship in a nutshell tbh~
Time is money
Yes, mam! We definitely do Our parents are AWESOME! Thank you for your support!
Goodnight beautiful people
Laughing about life. I love you mom
I LOVE THE ROCK
Your Boys Have Devised A Plan, And Are Plotting Against You...!!!!
Hoping All Is Well...And You Can Get Some Sleep...!!!!
dang those eyes tho
Rockwall and Slide now in position. The kids play area is almost complete. Thanks for the help today Barry
To live between the strings with you my dearest,
Awesome!! We LOVE TRUMP & CRUZ IN TEXAS!
Butt hurt much? Another book for the fireplace. No need to buy wood this winter.November 6th VOTE ALL RED
Pure divinity Jai Shree Krishan
Still can't see why didn't extend his contract.
Good morning
Juntar dinheiro pra ir a Disney
To Hear People Tell Me Happy And Proud Of Me And For Me, Is A Feeling Like No Other.
I'm so glad to hear your pups have enjoyed their very first BarkBox! Nothing makes us happier
I miss Joey
You're welcome! Thank you so much for your kind words
Camera baby, sister EXTRA snatched.
LMAO I tweet about rihanna
SA black Twitter is a yawnfest anyway
with
We A great source of polyunsaturated and essential
Lazy Sundays...
dang those eyes tho
Mark Vincent Guyo Vallecer lang po ako hehe
we and miss you Harriet
Wow love this picture you two are just fab - U - los!! Chuck that VT you did
te amo
queen if r uneducated
Imagine not being able to talk to the love of your life because of some other shit nigga.
Could never be me
yea im at this game. good luck to all the ladies playing in the mfam tourney today
Thank you
Congrats rules!
issa real ass nigga birthday today even after all the drama I fw you
So sweet, love you so much baby
Omg i gotta up my game what say you "we are bringing people together"
we're not mutuals, but thank you. this is very appreciated.
KFKDKFKDKF R U TWO OKAY ??? How are u doing? I really hope everything is fine and that you are in good health.
ready , this is so sweet
I love you too babygirl the best!
This is her favorite song
Wanna Be Where You Are - Jackson 5 Such A Vibe
I get tired of this song u are my little boy and I just want to protect u ohhh this
LOVE . S5 family 4 LIFE
John McCain is better one million Trumps. Im looking through old Twitter messages.
MqG#MAGA
Fluoride added to water health products aids not natural Fluoride, but nuclear power waste
A estxs 3 estupidxs lxs quiero muchisimo
Amor da dinda ele
Domingo de ???
Buenas tardes mundo Twitterooo
RT RT RT
wigg paris is so pretty, have the best time
Boa noite
goals were good too.
i'm wake up and i look this
RIP blues boy
6- Hero Tiffin
Yess! I'm watching this now!!
To all my transgender friends and colleagues you are seen and supported F this trash administration and please
Thanks so much Denise
Her Owanbe Outfit was lit
So can yours with the Right Shop lovely Fabrics with us today
1.
cant wait to meet jack on wednesday!
Aawwwww this is so beautiful
Haha! Good job Jay!!
Congrats Coach! Great performance for these young and so talented girlsThings looking good
How cool is this!
with
So beautiful!!!
Tag Your Friends FOLLOW
I've seen your face in my head a million times today already.
Steph this was absolutely amazing! out of words, so so beautiful
Good morning and God bless po sa inyo n love you both
Princess Eugenie looked so beautiful, best wishes!!
Tasha I seriously love you so much thank you for everything and I wait to see you either
My is full.
making dinner and watching scary movies
Maglore show
Thank you
Wow Rosa Parks you where one sassy lady. Brilliant episode you had me choked up at the end
Happy Birthday to one of my best friends know where be without ya Harry. Love ya
Wow That's really Awsome
Mark Jason
Sibling Love
Good morning
Thank you my dear!
i love mondays
I just want to give oomf all this love
Thank you all for the tremendous feedback
breakfast in bed
Thank you pretty girl
Good luck Team USA
Valentine
This year you're mine CHAMomile_jpg!
And you, whom will be yours?
But I your pictures on Insta.
Tinkerbells' Garden
navy1851gamer
Oh my heart
Mooow
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: Aubrey Striped Top in Navy. via
I like the way you think
That salad was just good asf
in her Real Ass Woman Tube Dress
She has an awesome all natural hair care line. Please
Hey
thank you love
positivity only
..... changed my Instagram name. End of the "itsdahvid" era... hello to _davidmichael
no be lie!
Buh i love ma baby!
Love this gang!
Sending my best to you and your husband, Luna.
INGRID ME DEU UM CORAZAUN
Oh that's not a problem at all I don't have any expectations! Hope you enjoyed your movie
About today's shoot! by
You better be alive when I get Aww I love Nick and friendship! like brother and sister
Hope you feel better , rest up
happy birthday devin we miss you
Peace and Blessings loves
Seriously one of my best meet and greets. Jumped in a group of great girls and guys were so sweet.
But...your ear. Not that I mind in the slightest tho
Via
No Sweat Pants Allowed
Bk - Wine and Sweat Pants series
i this
uff that hit me
Forza Milan
Good night
I appreciate these anyway
Really cool Image found on Pinterest
i be so scared to move on, talk to people and open up but i believe ready now i deserve to be happy, any
Pls electorate MPs (1 of 4), will you vote for a this Tuesday?
PM, Mt
My family are literally the most important thing in the world to me.
trying, 94
I love my life and I love all the positive lives and people around love this world
YASSS It's time for a great show CREAMisLIFE:LiveMe
Many thanks
One of my favourite instruments
i'm so glad my mom found her happiness
Feel better soon!
THIS WEEK!!!
thanks for sharing this! also great that doing well!
anyway, back to review. Good morning! i hope people will stop fighting na
When wore a Joy shirt on SNL as a shout out to Amy
I love you so much
my favorite human.
Thanks Brother
may Allah give you the strength to continue to be free of self harm and heal
Enjoying this warm weather while I can!
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Hey you over there, Find Her
been gr8 lowkey stressing bc of school but been great! Hbu luv
Today is my birthday It would mean the world to me if u send me / your followers a sign of your life have a nice day
Yesssss I really enjoyed that time with you...we definitely need to do it more
I added a video to a playlist Mickey Mouse Clubhouse Full Episodes Mickey Mouse Clubhouse
I have scratches on my hand, I have scars on my legs, and I have a lump on my head. All bc I had a lit party with some awesome ppl.
may allah always protect the people of palestine, Syria.
and Muslims throughout the world.
Feels good to call you mine, even though sometimes I believe mine
i'm so sorry. i'm always here to talk i you need someone
sorry I havent been on recently
Had a great time volunteering for PAWS yesterday's Scaredy Cats and Dogs.
e temos um novo something in the rain.
Second part ng message nina Maine at Alden sa ADN
Wish me luck, please! I really need it
enjoyed my weekend home w. my bestfriend & the girls
Follow = Follow (Unfollow = Unfollow)
Shoutout = Shoutout
Like = Like (Unlike = Unlike)
Comment =
I Khashoggi!
I think gonna be fine!
Happy Happy Birthday Bebe! Wuv u
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !! enjoy your day, dance soon huhu more birthdays to come lol and God bless u
I can't wait!
Starting a new generation.
I I Wilson
Happy Birthday to Talented Leader & the Park Seo Joon of iKONics, Kim Hanbin!
We love you
4 a tbh ;)
SOS HERMOSO
Happy Birthday Sissy
I did a thing to make your thing into a thing that moves, hope you like it
If you ever see this
My
Nooo not me all these stans who are like STFU LARVERY FOREVVVAA - they refuse to see the truth
No problem, I totally get it.
Remember that we have a God who is so merciful and forgiving. Spread love!
Welcome to the Club boy! enjoy life out of FS, trust me bro off on bigger and better things
Sending lots of love, hugs and tings your way dude
Sounds particularly pleasant!
I love when Hyunjin clinging onto Seungmin...
Its really softest thing that I've ever seen..
More interactions
So sorry for your loss.
It really makes me happy to see other people happy! AND that i feel is my purpose!
Zayn via Instagram
Hey glad another full supportive hottie like me
Hopefully we'll be able to meet at one of Louis' shows
:(
THANK YOU MEG
i'm so sorry. i'm always here to talk if you need someone
Unlimited email testing. We it, but should you?
Friends! Give an advice to the person in this situation. Retweet or download app!
I don't know about all that, I just want to keep my trans sibs safe. Thanks for sharing and posting more
Goodnight guys I will look back at the singing account tweet tomorrow to see the final result. you guys to the &
So lucky to have such beautiful souls around me
however against the weather you gone always be mine
Que mulher
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MY LOVE! Thanks for existing, for being who you are, for be the best leader.
I love you the
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MY LOVE! Thanks for existing, for being who you are, for be the best leader.
I love you the
I even think about your dads reaction when watching the video. He just looked happy! I
thank you bby
i love you so much
is going down Mixes on so Crunk
be back before you know it han love you
Congratulations babe!! so glad you got out and are happier
She's Balling in the Outfit
So can you with the Right Shop lovely Fabrics with us today
1. Munch
The truth sets you free
man all the love today was overwhelming. i appreciate everything and everybody that came out today, man.
get your own anon bestfriend ((HAHAHAHAHAHAHA))
THANK YOUUU BESSYWAP dami mong
Where I belong. Anyone else struggling on which book to read next when you finished your current one.
Thank you so much
maisie is everything
And always welcome to stay at my place if you end up visiting (now or later point in time)
so happy for you! God bless you and your little family
I just finished video recharging at STARPLE! I just watched 10 30-sec ads of games and each ad is worth 1 Do it
I will always be here supporting the brand
Shorty sent my barber $22 on cash app last night I might marry her
best friend
Festinha do Davi
my brother, my heart i was so excited to see you we have truly grown up! i love you
my girlfriend is so talented in so many different areas so proud of her
My baby turned six months
Thank you so much
I hope u feel well soon
Goodmorning!!!!!
Cute edit from youtube to the most beloved couple in bollywood
And to all fans GN and have sweet
Thanks
I'm appreciating the black armbands for Dave's Grandma.
RED
FB / RT
you!!! Such an amazing woman entertainer in
Sending you so much love and a big hug.
wait for Wednesday
Follow = Follow (Unfollow = Unfollow)
Shoutout = Shoutout
Like = Like (Unlike = Unlike)
Comment =
Just coming to say I love
Wow !! That's amazing
Congratulations Sherry, We made it! Thank you so much for the giveaway! Loved it when
All I ever want is for you to be happy
Which person in your family do you look most like? My sister
forget to rest
Thank you so much, Vero! Love you!
Thankyou Kathy kind words
Hope you take care of it early and your insurance covers it you got this.
Never done these before, but
for a tbh
GRACIAS MI
I herniated my L5/S1 in 07. The recovery definitely takesba while. Be gentle with yourself.
Swing is a whole bop. Omg i wait til October 22 so proud of this beaut
Meu anjo
For Mueller to step aside!
My advice, be safe! Will be praying for your safety!
Awwww congratulations cousin
Family
QUOI QUE JE FASSE, QUE JE SOIS, RIEN NE JE PENSE TOI my sunshine
Honored to have been a part of their proposal and their wedding day! Love you both!
A beautiful place for an evening stroll
O melhor retiro
My captain
My ring is so gorgeous
Hahah, one of gambinos best songs he ever wrote. Freaks & Geeks. Go listen!
And I am so, so happy that you have. Seriously, I mean it.
I support & No Matter The Situation! Fan Since Day 1!
I love you guys
Much love brotha, Covington forever
I Want Somebody I Can Call Mine & Not Look Stupid
my friends & family made my bday so special ! super thankful for all of them
YA 23 FELIZ A UN SER MARAVILLOSO TE JOSE MIGUEL
Awww
R.I.P always remember my favorite
Y tu en mi Viri
Manda whats, ayer ya no me dijiste nada.
Best gift ever
How do you love me and leave me and never say goodbye?
Boyz II Men kind of morning
Oktoberfest
Start each day with a greatful heart
Te quiero, bonita
Man listen, I had a great weekend with my friends. So happy.
Really I need some coffee in cold night
And we love u too sweetheart
Thank you bro!
Crush me with affection
Np: Incomplete
I live for the nights that I remember with the people that I forget
Happybirthday mas B.I
You were the best such a good atmosphere and night
Appreciation post, I love you and thanks for being a true always
21|10|18
Happy hour views Finn's Seafood, Chops, Cocktails
Ily
Congrats Britton Miller! Gpa and I so proud of you
Dylan wrote Queen Dunbar on autograph. I am just so proud
totally fine
AnnenMayKantereit - Made Me Believe - CARDINAL SESSIONS
This lil guy loves eggs con chorizo just as much as I do
Headed to Santa Monica on the 405 with the top down on the Camaro and blasting music Cali has stolen my heart already
Iloveyou always and that'll never change
yesss and its better with salted butter
i love you, love. happy birthdaaaaaay!! you are an amazing person and i hope u know that. im
Every time I go home, they want me to stay. I wishhhhh.
everything i been there making me become a better me & i love it
Love is love Gender identifications is non existence in my eyes.
Always welcome love
You're welcome
Love the lads great craic
Happy Happy Birthdayy iloveyouu mbtc godbless mwuaa
Ps: nasabi ko na lahat sa messenger
So I just rediscovered my love the Comet Obsevatory theme from Super Mario Galaxy. I love a good waltz
Thank you so much Edith!! Ily
Cars are such great pieces of art
.@VioletChachki is burlesque and paris while is Rome
Day 21: Drain
Least favorite part of carving pumpkins = gutting the pumpkin first ( the seeds toasted
Favs
Beba amor
Amor de Mi Vidaa
Bon anniv a mon frero
If you want to know a writers heart you read their stories.
The pictures there are gonna be beautiful and romantic
Thank you buz
Tonight's Doctor Who was incredible The fact so many kids will have learnt such important history through
Look at the sky. Someone is looking at it and thinking of you
I haven't seen/heard anything. Will let you know, please do the same
My strong Queen
next time we'll try the others pero masarap yung strawberry
Please share Jessie again
She has been waiting a very long time now for a home
Morning pugeh
Happy Su-nday!
good morning!!
Thats awful! Glad he is ok though! So scary!!! Sending all my love!
slap cousin
If you secure that note, know
Cheers brother Walsh
The moon is almost full
Meu OTP maravilhoso always and forever
Tropa
You're gonna make me cry I love you so much
Hi there
I would like Skool luv affair thanks
Ahora un poema
Yes bella and vienna are really cute.
I love everyone
This is beautiful
Any Boston fans? Tag Them
You wouldn't find a man like your father's
WE MONDAZE HAPPY HOUR IN THE SOUTH LOOP AT BAR22 2244 S. MICHIGAN AVE, 50 CENT WINGS, $7 SHOTS (SELECTIVE
So happy@with these babies from palette and 39A Dare To Creat palette thanks
Chapman Partnership Homeless Shelter located in Downtown Miami is accepting donations for new or used
Love you babe
Leave something nice, meaningful, in any way positive
Je
You're cute af and sweet aw thank you
Just shot my final video for my album which going to be released next month shout out to my management
Discover "My Love" by Julio Iglesias on
Valentine
This year you're mine alicenotokay!
And you, whom will be yours?
Coisa linda
I just wanna thank the Lord for allowing me to make it to 18
Give our best and God will take care of the rest. Good morning
Lovely dream last night.
But the curses of my job interrupted that.
My lady of Red
Happy Birthdayyyy ily
One of my favorite things about having close to home
Quiero mucho a mi bro
I see what they did here...
They took all the cuteness in the world and put it into this little girl.
Miss u already..
Sylveon being even more cute.
& for more Content!
Thank you so much!
She completes me everyday!
Coming soon
Anticipate Bowen University
Sometimes I know what do without Jax
If you listened to you need to because she is perfection
Your voice is my favorite
I this place!
Bem plena
Love this song so much ...tears every time we hear it on tour
It raises such emotion xxx
Courage
If i eated soap. I eat it bc i did. No i didnt
Awwwn sweetie I know right. I just want to reciprocate the love
naraid66
%#fo$$zg1noz
omg I love this photo
Please share Bess again
She has been waiting a very long time now for a home
Te amo dms
thanks birthday twin
Thank you
happy birthday gl sa studies mo gbua!! mbtc
Deserved
DNJ 2018
Movie date with the girls
I love her so much
Que hermoso
are we ever going to see the full freak me video?
our Heber Cub Scouts. Please let us know if Heber Teachers Association Can do anything to support your efforts
I took care of you
Que sonhoooo
I love this cheerful song
Pound cake ... still practicing but flavor is awesome
I'm rewatching them again now thanks to you!!
Siri play valentine by one of my absolute faves from the album so I had to recreate the video in
Thanks Spicy - I really needed this. Miss the ocean so very much. Just watching did my soul good.
Single
San Jose earthquakes game
Goal line over 1 goal
odds 2.200
Hit & when Bet
Go hug a mom for me today, okay? I miss mine something terrible.
forget this
I feel better now
Had a great weekend with she treat me to a new favourite hoodie and convinced me to finally watch Coraline which I loved.
Me when starts talking or singing...
If I say I LOVE YOU, I mean it!
Two weeks ago I guy I love took me to Italy
You of gone - lots of love xxx
Today Was A Great Sunday With My Family
All of it
Thank you baby boy
FOURTH
Happy Anniversary!! Kelly you deserve everything you have girl
thank you
Check out this cool Meme generator!! I did one for in honor of their new lyric video for
Aaaeee
Valentine
This year you're mine saramediin!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Happy Birthday, Mama!
what is ur favorite clothing brand btw love you
Mor, una fan de Chile
Te amo
2012 | 2018
Oh shush! You are beautiful
Si ese se puede escuchar este
Bigbang is the best!
So lovely
Got myself a New controller
Hahaha it's a love hate relationship
I liked a video Se Quiser Ficar - T h e
sorry. the only thing i can offer is squee as a distraction
te mande dm por si me podes ayudar con mi tarea de italiano
Thank you!
I AM SO HAPPY FOR YOU CAROL.
jeep miracle my fav cars,kids children wife buys for a hubby your prayers family unity , all
For keeps
It's okay, he's thinkin about you too
Ooo! Be safe you two.
Cat naps and . Watch over him.
I'm comfortable with you
Lovely mama!! Met her on Friday and she was looking so different
So much love for you
Katsina out of arewa Twitter, one love
Wow this is such a beautiful photo.
One sleepless night it dawned on me, the piece I need so desperately is buried in the one place I can't get to.. gotta come from you
Omigarsh! How cool is this! Thanks for sharing, Karen!
I just realized that I was the one who leaked middle name welcome
RT edwina_b: We love
Haha! Thank you.
I it!
we dj lance george
I really would like to this a zillion times!
Shoutout to my friend for being hot. Damn
I think we would. We should. Hopefully. 'Cause I neeeeeed.
love you too
My friends are so great, I love yinz so much
thank you emma!
May the Lord bless & keep you.
Products shown: Simple Scriptures Collections Bless and Keep You Framed Art
I remember, thank you bro
real
We you
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Melissa!
you have serious hair goals rn, your family is being rude!! please know we absolutely adore your hair and tht it looks 10/10
hi, i love you so much
Assim vc me faz chorar
enjoying family time with some of my ShotGun Family
Sooooo impressed with Apple cider Amazing donuts and treats farm fun for all ages hard
Problem child
Such a lovely dude and only 1 away. Come and show some mixer love
Tap that heart
Man that shit feels like death omg but the pain is well worth it
Good morning Monday
Worst part of my See ya soon kiddos. Love you both so much
S1E12: "I Love You Too" on
+ =
&
I really look up to Queen I really would love to meet . And I truly love her music
102118 Happy 3rd Birthday to our Princess, I love you Bembem
10 minutes & watch play TKO!
Support him &
Fmaily Sunday! Ft. My nephew and brother
Miss this guy so much on weekends! His energy is unmatched! has all the highlights from the
Good morning!
Yo if you enjoyed Global TV's fire tweets you need to thank this hero for his service and give him a follow
I know right! Have a good week man.
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOL TRIPLETE DE
The way madridistas treated him and he still speaks so respectfully about them. Class human being
Still cant relate but sus we happy for u
Daily photo
Here for thisssss
I will ;)
the cutest thing in the world
Enjoy
in the house ya Great FaceTime
DIANEY
Good Morning Love
total
Follow me please
Reviewed the lovely new album The Flame by
Thank you, Lord!
Just beautiful
You look cute in all 4 of them
TRANS PEOPLE
(From The Bottom Of My Heart) by Stevie Wonder (A time 2 Love album)
Please
Please
Yay! Congrats you two! Smashing it!
Random thought love when he call me CHELLEYYYYYY
to spend your night
with me till tomorrow!
Sober living was her biggest blessing ugh she really became the happiest and healthy that began her sobriety
5 years of birthday kisses
Two of my favorite people, looking fabulous and happy
better be here for this ..Mama wait to see
this made me happy.
Realized that I may end this year with a BANG love, happiness, blessings and promotions Thank you LORD
I liked a video Fortnite Moments that make you wanna care for and cherish your homies
the kind heart people like him deserve to be famous
My first bias in iKON. Happy birthday. I love you.
Emine'm geliyor Y A A S I N N... hasret bitiyor
Aw thank you Ellie!!!! Love you little sis
Brincadeira, pode continuar
Decided not to stream tonight, been a rough day. We'll do sub games tomorrow! Sorry!
7- Samuel Larsen
Eu e meu amor
karlisslut: see how many Reblogs I get
A Kylie Jenner
para Cuentas De Fortnite?
= Si Quieren
Tags:
I still believe I got to perform on this stage.
im so sorry tammy, i hope he recovers very soon
I NEEDED THIS
THANK YOU
ILY
Blessings to you!
this account is too much
Hope you feel better
Always pops
Gamsa Hamnida, Seoul! Until next time See you soon, Hong Kong
happy birthday beautiful i hope been a great one & will continue to be a great one!
b/w con mi fav
I like to think I've played a small part.
Hi. I wish you luck! Make your dreams come true
Thank you!!
Transformers
Goodmorning ppl goodmorning din kay luv
Ian Mason so tiny and perfect, I wait for you and your cousin Jasper to play and make trouble.
He I me as well.
yooo seattle looks gorgeous now that the suns peaking out
/ Learn about our rentals, which come with a free raised garden bed like this
Apparently I made a good choice with Stingray Hit List. Everyone is singing. in English!
I love this guy!!
Congratulations!!!
awwww.
good morning,, i love one direction so bAd
Shetland sheep are lovely to lamb out as well.
Mamaya na po yung mga pictures khpon ha. Work work work muna ko.. haha! My maichard is so full! Thank
oh My God HAPPY BIRTHDAY SWEETIE
I HOPE YOU HAVE A GREAT DAY ILY
My new kitten, Mara.
Huge Thanks to Radio out in Italy and serving the UK, Canada and U.S. keeps the
When stressed I just need to listen to some songs and I feel better. voice calms me down so much.
Que mulher!
First Lady in Egypt earlier this month.
I truly love all my friends so damn much
has surpassed 934K tweets on Twitter! C'mon guys, let's change it into 1M!
assistindo Forever My Girl
Extremely Sunday vibes round here
Carlie is living their best life
Having an for my 50th birthday with my father, aunt, uncle and cousins. at Barka Bar & Grill
Shop lovely Fabrics with us today
1. Munch pix
2. DM or WhatsApp 07056861583 to Confirm availability
3.
To the leader of iKON and my bias, Kim Hanbin. HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY Thank you for everything! We love
5 more babes follow OneMoreComedy for a follow back
happy birthday buddy love you
Idol
SO PRETTY
18 MONTHS OLD & 31lbs of PERFECTION
NEED PLEDGES
Thanks
This true dear. True is when the family sees the mom goes to sleep hungry & they take
Good morning mylove
if you can create an application for us.
hearsaybyshadonna Grand Opening thebellbabies_
This song The part about the football ticket
Shit! This week, the last
nat geo wild, discovery ch, discovery sc, voyage
I love you so much
When lunch is served in a bag and a surprise
I love my family
Thanks love
amor.
Sending lots of hugs
HEY GUYS I forgot my old twitter accounts password so using a new account, hit this with a RT and hit me with a follow
I get over how adorable red pandas are! Look at those little biscuit loving paws
I sleep well tonight, so I can only imagine how you feel.
Beyond grateful
Sunday funday with my fave lesbians
my biggest supporter tho
My friends make me happy knowing that all have little blessing or gonna have
boy i need you bad as a heart beat
Love being pulled along ends up being fun
our first pumpkin patch visit & I be more thankful
Thank you!!!
On that note. I caved in.
Awh thank you ill keep my eye out for a close matching color hat
Look at that sweet derpy boy!
Mas vou tentar tempo pra dormir a tarde
Thanks Igu
I'm sorry but Kim Hanbin is trending at on his birth date? HE'S SUCH A KING
Single
Emelec game
Goal line over 1 goal
odds 2.400
Hit & when Bet
Quality!
I did all of these things except for reading! Thanks for the reminder. reading.
Yippee! I cannot wait! I
Goodnight
paradox
confused about Van...I used to him...
getting the girl of your dreams is truly something special
Sorteo
x1 Mause Razer
Dar &
Follow
FELIZ CUMPLEEE
De ustedes no me olvido
she makes me so happy
Happy birthday friend
hope you had an amazing time last night
Thank you!!!
I swear my girlfriend is the cutest
Awe thank you so much and we should definitely talk !!
Peaceful Sunday thanks for the inspiration
This thread.
Twitter is the best Orrin Hatch.
Thank you for sharing that with us love you!
Repost from of Broadway Mac & Cheese! Thanks for in it easy being
You always look like the celeb in every photo op wtf
Que bala ?
Mijn hartje
Thank you, and ADN! Mahal na mahal ko kayo
Stay HAPPY and I'm glad that I'm HOME!
I love you sunshine
The fight is over by urbandub.
forever be in my top 5
come back bby we love u. Wife.
hope everyone stans FROMIS 9 and has streamed LOVE BOMB
My business was officially launched today and blessed
I a healthy Sean Lee
Abah
thank you !
I LOVE YOU!AND IM SO EXCITED TO SEE WHAT ADOOMIES GET NOTICED!
Good babes always here u know that miss you more xxx
Good for you post! Some people are fake friends. Had my fair share too. Keep your head up
My boyfriend is literally the best and I wait to soak him completely up
It can be 10 kids around & Laya still wanna be up my ass mommy's girl x 10
seeing this after walking out of the theater after seeing - thanks to the
At our happy place
*Robinsons Cruise Thru*
Made our first pumpkin pie from scratch last night with my wife Came out delicious and satisfying! Might make
Congrats!!! lil baby t time
Excited about the future !! Congratulations Dad !
I love you !!!
marche
Got me crying tonight such an amazing episode!
Semoga dia terus istiqamah. Aminn. We love her
Be safe my babyy have a safe and peaceful journey my baby
Beautiful Soo gorgeous Thank you Sari
Change equals Growth. Challenges equals Strength.
Always sorry for the inimaginable pain. Love for you and your family. God is with you
next week will be better man sure, heads up and keep fighting you gonna win this i love you so much alright bub
Quality!
Your spirit is out of this world and you have all this love in this world, stop stressing over bs
NEW ARRIVALS
ZARA INSPIRED LINEN BUTTONED MIDI DRESS
LINEN Fabric
40 inches in length
290 php -wholesale
300 php -retail
Hating on things is valid. Stop hating on hating on things. Hating on things, you are loved
I could be having a really bad day but get around my friends and they take my mind off it all
mbtc & enjoy your daaaaay thankyou sa lahat alam mo na yon ser! godbless
It was a superb day Myf! And set list was amazeballs. Thank you
Gotta support my pokesister! On an unrelated note, we do need to make that
Thanks
So excited to get away to Edinburgh with Tom! But first I get to go home and spend some time with mum
This is so cute.
Another great shot of Enrique tonight in Ireland (but then again, there are no bad pics of Enrique
SPARE COOCHIE SJDLXBDKD ILY
Muchas gracias AAAAAAAAAA
Mi chino
22.10.2014
Thank you sweet girls!! Miss you tons hope you & Cameron are doing well, you deserve the best too (:
Talk to us, if it helps! Or call a friend who you like and trust in real life to just talk about
shakeitoutofthewoods on Tumblr
and their new puppy, Heidi
TTM
welcome
the
congrats cutie
Looking the new music video of now on so beautiful
so welcome. You really are blossoming into a beautiful dancer. We seen the best of Kate Silverton just yet!
I love you too, always
Definitely worth the acne THANK YOU SO SO SO SO MUCH GOD
And home in Brighton now. No con blues allowed, just smiles. So much convention love
You make the best things ....
minha moaninha
Trying to a 100000000x that was a great video !!!!
& for more Content!
Anthony Kiedis
we love ya too
& your such a cutie
will surely miss Thank you for the short period of time that you inspire us to
Omg you a real one for that! but I just want to see
Tbm te amo princesa
May Allah ease everything
Lmao I wish I could be as excited bout Christmas as you bless yo heart
Estoy Te AmO ah
Never apologize for being right DC!! Love you!
54 days until I get to see my fam before Christmas
I have a lot of free time to create beautiful things
Thank you so much!! I really appreciate the positive feedback.
YASSS It's time for a great show in da Atl
= Premio al MD
Seguir a:
End: 5 minutos
never get boring, alway be like the first time
my lovemuffin
well deserved love youuuu road to a millioon na!!!!
Ro
Love my nephew with all my heart
Good morning
Fds maravicherry!!!
Definitely worth the acne THANK YOU SO SO SO SO MUCH GOD
THE FEAST IMUS!!
BABYGIRL if you're happy and you know it
redangel32
Eu te amo,
I don't know about that...
Happy Monday to you though.
I love this time of the year
Insomnia
N Y C . . I N D I A
I got 24 hours in NYC and I got to spend it with some of my favorite no
follow for a follow back RT RT HALLOWEEN FOLLOWS
LIKE THIS!
Yesss I see dat baby weight chunky monkey
This week one of my hard working kiddos got recognized by some important people!
we love u ma boi
Ve sana da hususi iyi geceler
I couldn't stop watching this and I couldn't stop crying
Slayers Always Slay
Can you Slay In This? Shop with us today
1. Munch pix
2. DM or WhatsApp 07056861583
Amo
Thank you
Movies tonight .
Step mom Brandi Love fucks teen daughter and friends
Thanks b i miss and love you!!
I found my soul mate guys we both LOVE sea food and each other. been two years since been together
I can honestly say the life changes made impresses me so much, like not to brag but everyone she be like my girlfriend
Got a new boo just before the holidays
OwO by
I still cannot believe my skin. No filter, no makeup and it hurt to smile anymore
La familia lo es todo.
Any room for a little one good night jane sleep well beautiful lady
I hope all the freshmen enjoyed their first homecoming
agree
Good luck with the exhibition!
I'm always so proud of you.
LOVE will always lead you back home sweethearts,
insert
LOVE will always lead you back home sweethearts,
You charmer
aw bb!! im so glad you were able to see his works i hope one day you open up your own gallery too!!! :)
Run me my money
New profile pic is cute You're a doll!
You'll be fine! Nothing but love always
Girlfriend sleepovers are the best
happy one year with to my love & bestfriend, I love you
Soon
My angel.
Our bond , Bae, Ry and I, the absolute best !
I NEEDED TO BE PAST 400
GOAL 800
1 WEEK LEFT to meet goal
RTxRT RTxFollow Just ask!
Please HELP ME
My dogs name is Ellie Mae but I call her: Ellen Keller, smelly Ellie, bean, ellie bug
Nope think she has on the level of Logan babe
Goodnight
i need new twitter acc!!
Thank you, friends. I love the new 3.0 update! so awesome, in lots of ways.
BeeDaJuice got my Boyz right
happy bday ily hope you had a great day
Happy Birthday love & miss you!!
Fasho
Proud beyond any words
Thanks bitch
Tell more
Pretinhaaa
thanks so much babe!
I jus love how Clarence treats queen they so cute
good morning !!!
Just downed a beer from sticky fanny...I Benidorm
dear you reading this,
i want you to know that you are the apple of God's eyes. you're precious.
Levar a mary pro bk
happy birthday girl!!! hope u had an amazing day
this is adorable
Thank you for capturing this! It was the best part of my day!
Aweeee come do your hair my first friend at Morgan
She is mine
My pain and my struggle.. My friend and my lover... I put that on everything... Feels like a forever thing.
Diva style
Size 8-14 only
Dare to be different only a Dzababe
Shop our New in Dzababe x
Thats perfect
in love with this cleanser
If ever you want to talk to someone. Try talking to them: (lalo na sa mga fangirl ni hoshi)
If you having sex tonight , get some for me thank you
Nic i love this so much! And right Michael does take his time with every single one of us and i love him for that
I got no friends only family
SIIIM
my little pumpkin
I'm from Spain and I'd like the white youngblood hoodie! Thanks for doing this
Thanks for an amazing finale my first trip to NYC.
thanks as always,
the best thing God put in my life
Of course!!! Your art is super cute I was ecstatic when you hinted at releasing a print of it!!
Thank you so much shilo ! their desings are so so beautiful !
Bendiciones! Feliz cumple lindo!
This kind of love.
happy birthday twin! hope having a great birthday
tour self-care prep 1:
Relaxing day trip and bare foot beach walk
AVAILABLE WED 24th, THURS
Sounded great just like ALWAYS brought out so many memories of you guys, feeling nostalgic
Grandmother of my Children
My smile keeper
My dad's girlfriend
My loving, supportive and amazing Mother
I loooove it! So cute!
I relate omg so so lucky!! Congrats
We will be on again tonight!!! This is so amazing!!!!
Thank you so much to and all of you!!!!
Goodmorning
To the most badass lady ever known- going to miss you so much
At the end of the day, your family will always be your kakampi
Good morning!
1 Corinthians 1:27 King James Version (KJV)
27 But God hath chosen the foolish things of the world to
Mooh trop chou haha
Pussy from the west side mmm, & she seen my best side
"Im Constance Langdon and this is my Fucking house"
OBRIGADA por trazer minha Jessica Lange e minha Murder House de volta
Love you too Lil Sis so happy to see how much grown n matured Finish strong and get that degree
happy birthday to my one and only thankyou for being yourself
Get you the type of friends that motivate your ass...literally
That's my beautiful sister
A short song for anyone struggling tonight, I hope this helps at least somebody
Puto guiri
Beautiful you need makeup
Loving watching the Lady Vol soccer women playing against Texas A&M! Go UT just scored 4 goals in a row!! up yelling!!
I love you babygirl Love you too
Hey guys I will be live from home on Tuesday. I cannot wait to be home to my family. This was too long of a trip.
Congratulations!!
That's right! We love ... she's a WONDERFUL, STRONG lady with a HUGE heart!!
Reminder that God is ALWAYS good and ALWAYS in control
Untuk awak
Really rough day for a lot us but it was a beautiful service, love ya forever G Baby, fly high brother
ur music, idk abt ur tweets tho.
happy birthday love you lots
Good morning,
Good morning
Lmao wowwww Ginnie Springs me please TF raised these girls
I this honesty and willingness to call it as it is! Still hoping he joins us in the future.
Thank you, Adrianna!
We all have a strong God.
Erin erin so beautiful like an angel.
Hi please help me reach the rt goal to win this, much appreciated
awwwww ilysm what are you on about preston and downham are GREAT PLACES hopefully soon
Meeeu amoor
The love J2 have for cast and crew is so amazing and you can just feel it so fucking hard
better be here for this ...Mama wait for
the message of this film ...perhaps we should take the time and listen to Earth
i hope norman reedus is smiling
My lil bro gone he say he missing home I told him to hold on
I Taysom Hill!
te amo bb
Thanks Joey Petrone for an awesome dinner for the family! Celebrating my dads birthday tonight
PERIODDDDD im so sad i wasnt there but i promise to come congratulate you tomorrow love you benaboo
Very much done. Thanks
Good morningg
Good morning! Blessed Monday, everyone.
Thank you, so much.
follow her Ivan
Donald Trump's mother, Mary, being interviewed.
Okay the game fantastic, but QT with my cuz & my 1st experience live as a
I Signed, the only black girl who played flute in the band...
the best feeling when your boyfriend hugs you sooo hard in sleep
Sending you all of my love. I am crying for you she was such a beauty. And I know you have her the best 17
awesome
Hey so since I got a parx tattoo, do I deserve a band acc follow?
Gracias a mis amores he conocido a personas muy lindas y agradables
Just another amazing show from Michael Bolton
Eu amo essa mulher KKKKKKKK
A little raw self-love-selfie ain't never hurt nobody.
Heavy Metal Glitter Liner in
me faz exercer o melhor de mim.
my best friend is so amazing like he understands me completely and so blessed that in my life and wants to stay in it
Mg en un comentario {21.10.2018}
Goodmorning
Jafael endgame being handed to me in January hello
Put that perfectly, Deb.
good morning!!
Please come to Hull
Finna write my cousin ... freekush until backwards
happy happy birthday to the best leader i love so much, my one and only!
Bruno Coelho is my spirit animal
you are so brave thanks for sharing your story
Seeing former students makes my happy!!
Are you going to be on with
made my day blessed monday
Zoo was a success
for a TBH
Be safe y'all! It's a MAGA love fest out here.
Looking Forward to more events with you
la nena
OMG! 21 years?? It's almost my age!
Happy 21st anniversary
Hi Blake! You & Gwen are my favorite couple. take good care of each other
i love you more! i appreciate you so much & that was such a nice surprise
No problem
Yes girl! We come for anybody who comes for Tangela!
Good Morning
Otro Oc UwU
If only
I liked a video Fortnite Moments that make you wanna care for and cherish your homies
Wholesome
Love my nephew with all my heart
Really just an astonishing game
Nakakasilaw ang Monday Morning iba ka Meme HugisVigassssss
Capture 15 shinys y de pronto me salio un Wailmer Shiny le puse de nombre Waldum (en honor a Beldum) saludos johnny!
Que sucessooo
Arrasou!
Happy Birthday General
Thank you so much for doing this!!
Vamos a dar lo mejor de nosotras!
FIGHTING
best friend
InSha Allah I will thank you so much
We're glad to hear you were able to find a red sweater that suit your needs!!! Thanks for the shout out!
Your a good guy Sebas. The scene needs more like you
AwokenBerserker now streaming Overwatch: Origins Edition, go show them some love
I heard a whole lotta controversy about Bey getting her whole style from her. I the but I hear it too. Idk
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Emily!
i love watching movies and shows with my parents all day, just chilling
ORGULLOSAS DE VOS Y DE TODA LA BANDA!
Happy Sunday beautiful people! Loving this lip creme! fluffy and light as air, hence the name
Oh hello Mrs Voorhees Brilliant Lily
Oh hello wood nymph
I want to hug her
We our trans brothers and sisters!
Self care and family day
having a sister is the greatest joy
Now I'm not saying your cat is Chonky, but the facebook group THIS CAT IS CHONKY is the best.
thank yooooou
A break away can do you the world of good...
Brenda & Breno
Aww, he's beautiful
Kerrigan is my boy. So proud
for you and the kiddos and KENDRICK THE GOOD FREN who allows me to just stim at him forever and he just smiles and laughs
.@NICKIMINAJ le desea un feliz a
DM anytime!!
Domingando com a gata
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my twin hope been having a beautiful day!!! Love and miss you!
Idc, anyone but ofc
Happy birthday dude !!
When you hang out with your twin at a haunted trail... you take stupid pictures. mrs__mccomas
RECORD ALERT
attendance of 1,857 is a new Ole Miss Soccer Record! We you
love you millions - it was supposed to end i am lucky it did xxxxx
My
I'm happy you are my crab too
Thank you so much to all my friends and family that wished me a happy birthday. Sending you plenty of love!
LGT(B) I
Dude, you were fabulous in red shantung silk and someone needs to take a number.
My man long time no see
Me I never had flowers that smelt good but I love them especially roses
haha
so proud of her, we love her so much
Jaja! Que parte de 2015 no entienden??..
PD: Te amo Marty McFly!
Bless you and thank you
Good Morning Ilocos
ok.. I know affection your thing friend
2018
happy birthday girly!!! Hope good :) miss ya
Thank you
Congrats sweety!
Live for Jesus Christ
Saints are on some other stuff this year... I it
Well I will TRY to sleep so goodnight I won't be able to be here for the comeback untill 11am ily all
I Mountain Biking
Juke Jam - Chance The Rapper and Justin Bieber
Te ves hermosa con cualquier outfit
Of course
I Love Speak Truth
Thank you so much!
Brother Nature
El gallo con sus poliitos...
Morninng!!!
Wonderful week starts with by
Have a nice day, guys!!
Who fancies my best selection for the Argentina game in 5 minutes??
Go!!
Enjoing late night in Egy streets with the one and only beloved
Thanks for the clout tokens Papa, Needed it lmao!
Yung red carpet hindi na Thank you, ABS for treating her the way a QUEEN should be treated.
battle is not yours, but
2 Chronicles 20:15
Awe look such love we as Americans need to give this a try!
RED
FB / RT
The god of beauty
Awww I am proud of my babies
RT Ahh Carrie you look so beautiful. so happy to see you shine so bright this year
I am so happy to see this rn! Warms my
Ryan Kerrigan & Preston Smith in my heart
I miss you too Twinners
biglaans are the best!
Took a minute today to reflect on my life and wow I can honestly say I think I have ever been this happy before I am so blessed
Diva style
Size 8-14 only
Dare to be different only a Dzababe
Shop our New in Dzababe x
Redheads Are a Gift to Mankind
You know you walking with me
The about to end, thank yourself for rising after every fall
I would to treat some friends with a weeks worth of Arbonne RE9 Anti Aging skincare If you tried it
good morning unitwt! hopefully we'll have a day full of positive vibes only
did a great job on this episode about Rosa Parks . Also loving jodie whittaker as the new doctor
Blessed
Ainda sobre ontem !
nica :((( <3333 also happy sweet 16th <333 !!! love u
Yessss
You always put smile on my face, boo. gibsy
thanks Niall. And not at all, it was a genuine question! But I've heard people who get stressed and
otp
ThankQ for letting us know!
Today 20 years ago this MASTERPIECE was released in US.
Thank you
OT9 COMEBACK EZ REAL!
You are welcome, Marilia.
Hey guess what, Fuck Dallas
Thank you sister love you sm
I saw you take a hard hit hope you are okay!
I'm glad he's been enjoying his Squeak-a-Boo Sue! Let us know if he's able to completely destroy it, we'll replace it.
Congrats ate pam
Dairy Queen date with mother in law
The loml needs to comment under all my pics so ...
You're a good momma
Thank you Lord for another year!
mother Queen in law date Dairy with is construct Yazeed_AlRajhi wanted be you,you my I never
I am right there with you, Selma Blair. And I love you, too! I received my last diagnosis on 10/16...
Thanks bro much love !
Missed youuuu
Thank you so very much. That means a lot.
On the phone with my s my girls earlier
Twenty one pilots tocando em riverdale
That is so cute. I laughed to hard this. you & mama bear are such a sweet duo.
i have got no plans, except for loving you
hell yea bby
Happy belated birthday !
Hermosas
Thank you
Thank u so much gonna practice this stuff a lot more so make sure better in the next one
Amores
Thank you and I really appreciate that offer
I liked a video DE LEAGUE OF LEGENDS
When bae sends you love text
Thank you
Red Ribbon Week is here!
happiest birthday to the man behind the myth, the prodigy, and the legend himself Kim Hanbin
Good morning
gives me goosebumps in the heart
Location
Aw, that's kind
Thanks for being such a big role model man.
Loving it You always have my vote we all want you to
no tears left to cry
Why I Love Kayy My Dawg Stepping About Me To The FULLEST & Its Vice Versa !! I Would Never Forget I
My Birthday . Thanks My God Thanks My Queens love you
Thankyou bosssss!!!
Thank you very much!!!
You takin pictures know ya angles
Faith in God is all that I've left.
i live for his cute gummy smile.
My
Day 2 hip hop choreography Huge thanks to our amazing choreographers! We love our dances!!!
masterpiece. A gorgeous evening God has layered in the skies for us tonight. Those eyes!
Theres only
1 thing
2 do
3 words
4 you
I love you
Why not??? As long as you're there to support them, that's the most important thing
I love her she's my super cool mom
this is how i wanna vacation when older
Sicko mode video is the coldest ish seen thus far love it
Thumbnail
+ =
Celebrating our two-year wedding anniversary a day early.
BELLEZA EN ADOPCION SUPERRESPONSABLE NECESITA U HOGAR PARA SIEMPRE
Awww babies. I wish I could thank you again and again. we love you
I have a reason to be happy and that reason is you
Mi
Thank you Tri Tri!
Thank you.
let the city break your heart
Por isso que eu amo o The noite haha
Hey babe wake up! This is Sunday
spicy ponies are the best
I love you
Thanks to all at 2018 - my children and I had so much fun this weekend And Paul McGann was
Look at this girl
Hope everything is okay man
Spoilt rotten wouldn't have it any other way
Los muros tampoco.
Your thoughts?
UPDATED DAILY
Doubletap
Follow
Tag your friends
-
I Barry White!
Hold it down for blood nem
This feeling, forever.
Thank you GOD!
Over 100k now
Self love is the best love forreal
All of it looks so good! Proud of you too!
Morninng!!!
A wonderful week starts with by
Have a nice day, guys!!
I like this
All love baby for everyone
Thaks Girl
Excited na pumasok
GOR GEOUS
Que loja
smooches with my gal Abbe Willards, Maryland
I love you to the moon and back and you know I am never afraid to show you love.
I shiver too
Racing
Miss you my Panda
I this girl
That's quite a sunset tonight.
Work mode na ang Ah Seo Kal. haha byerst. Biyahe. Magandang Umaga
Keep on voting for SUGAROL
MOR MANILA DYIS
V for Vendetta
I love you I love you
ihh thank you ate! kaya pa hehe
Sorry Love
The Queen In a castle hidden in the Heart of a King
Which person in your family do you look most like?
Cold but fun day hanging out with these 2 cuties Fall fest
Good night
3 mins till my faves birthday
so sorry for your loss. Thinking of you and your family.
Beautiful cheeky!
aaaaa Thank you, Pon-san!! I'm glad you like my works as well hehehe You're also fun to talk with too
It was an amazing night Never met a more humble soul than Sean! got a
Repost from
Quick selling for
PM me for your inquiries
wish me luck!
And Bae I Love You Ain't Did You Wrong But Imma Leave Like Ah Thug Do
Quiero una !!!
You got this! Just means you can do better!
Best friends
Playing with your 4 month old brother is a bit one sided, but it can still be fun.
feels weird seeing my chill playlist come to life x
Proud of you
I need to start getting tatted up fr
Talk to me then imo
Heaven is my home. I await with eagerness.
CH3 Thai - Lee Min Ho
Thai FM
October 21.2010
A Eight Year ago
Rate 1 to 100 and tag a friend..
ORDER HERE:
Perfect for your family
Comment what u thinking daddies be kinky
You nailed it!!! Hi to Tim!!
I do darling, no matter how much it hurts. I best go to bed now, cry myself to sleep.
anything for ikon
Sa Archers kaso 9am pa enjoy your trip, babe! Take care!!
Happy Birthday Bub! I love you
Hi here to see you!!! go wine tasting on old mission (or just drive the peninsula because the colors are amazing!) we you!!!
Amo-te
BIG facts and his does in mine
Show Love
Great quilt kit in my Etsy shop now!! Check it out
(@ Outback Steakhouse - in SC, SC)
know her for to much but love her as long life friend & she always looks beautiful & gorgeous
Bitches that love Bitches
Thank you I love and miss you
Thank you for serving our country! Everyone help these if you can!
it's charismatic leader's day all the best!!! please be healthy love u
Already know
Noooo
Now is so much better we love you so much
No need (you know why). I love you
Q rolezinho top
Everything you've done is so amazing! I'm proud of you getting out there! That, alone, shows
Thank-you grateful
As my brother just texted me about this tweet, this enough
RK RKRK RK
RK RK RK RK RK
RK RK RK RK RK
RK RK RK
good morning from Ina Atp :* have a nice day
I want one
Mi
thank you love
A lot of love in the room last night. Thanks for yet another amazing show!! Love you all so much!
Good good morning
Take me to New Zealand .. or to Switherland
;-;
Top story: 'The look on this face when she runs on her own for the very first time
I feel so lucky to be part of that journey. I love you so much, see you soon in Brussels - Liz
Doing ministry with family is the best
YEAH!!!
MI
My grandma said you had me so worried but proud at the same time I love her
Boa noite
this is the nicest thing ever said about me
Thank you so much
Females that love other females
Happiest birthday to you
Beyond thrilled to have tickets to see my idol in Orlando in February
Tell me when you're home? Safe travels take care. And good night
Oh yea sis
Stay positive. God has a plan!
always Southern California in my head where Summer never ends
olha essas pernas
Your light
The fireworks inside
Priscilla yiiieh thankyou ma
in love
goodmorning
i have this really big i ny tshirt i just need hello kitty pj pants and then im good
National Parks Now
October 21/2018
have it any other way.
Yeah got mad love for you too
Thanks Suh
A whole Queen and an inspiration
Good Night
Thanks maybe if I lose weight
Praying for you, you inspire us all..
Pillowcases Protectors 4 Pack Standard Inches Pillow Covers Reduces Allergies White Protectors Premium
Se chegar a assistir, comenta conosco!
Trick or Treat! painted a pumpkin today!
21 SAvAGe
I love it!!! Good group of boys right there.
Te amo
Night
need a man 60 or older to pay for my stuff and is willing to put me on their life insurance thanks LMFOAO
Beautiful little Snow Drop
She tells him "ooh love"
No one's ever gonna hurt you, love
I'm gonna give you all of my love
Nobody matters like you (
BABYGIRL using FACEBOOK FILTERS
redangel32
_goddesh
I Love you guys
Good morning!
PlayStation gracias
Really says it all
Ugh I love you
Nothing but love and peace on my side, need someone to talk to I gotchu.
Same :( no but seriously I hope everything is okay! Cheer up
I love reading these tweet honestly!!!
Come visit the Cult of the Beast Baby tonight.
YIXING IS IN THE MV!!!! I REPEAT, YIXING IS IN THE MV!!!!! AAAAAAAAH.
Thank you
Predivan 360 view Zagreba
Always
Thank you, Leslie.
Falling in love with your looks for the first time and getting butterflies in your stomach at yourself is the most rewarding feeling
Cameron did the dishes, picked up my living room and made my bed for me before he left today while I was at work thankful for him
Same sintement! PRAYER is what we all can do now.
God bless sa akoa! If it's meant to be, it will be
The reason happy , the reason complete
So fucking proud of you both.
Lindos
Yeah it was
The only time you will ever get me out of the UK to see a band... Still the best trip of my life
So proud of big bro!
I would love to be right in the middle of that snuggle.
A Katie Cassidy no uniforme da Black Siren
Titia ama
Single
Unam Pumas game
Game over 6.5 goals
odds 1.80
Hit & when Bet
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: Rose gold love and sparkle
Good Morning!
Only in Japan
HE IS SO ADORABLE
Blackpool
So excited to see Hamilton with my girl!
Compartir todo con vos
Love my chubby baby
content isn't the word
The way it should be
ily and your tweets
Amor eterno al baby shark
Looking forward to having you both back
Peep is love, Peep is life.
omg this makes me so happy, she deserves it all & more
Thank you!!! You are an amazing woman
RIP NANA
what I like to here
Goodluck!!
Sending a hug!
Yeah Fredo FINALLYY Congrats You Guys
So proud of you and you're both doing so well
Spreading love all 2018
vcs sao os melhores
Thanks boo miss u too
there's joon too mina
Goodmorning
'Donnarumma' is trending and I thought it said Donna Summers. love to love ya baby
Already know
Sem palavras
This
Which person in your family do you look most like?
BAAAABE! This looks sooo fantastic It is perfect. so happy you love it
Thank you.
welcome
BELLISIMO
My baby is a true professional and sometimes a clutz but a damn good performer glad she's okay
Positive dreams & thoughts of gratitude nightly can change your mindset... Count your blessings
EU TE AMO TANTO
I am so proud of you! Keep moving forward.
Prettiest tearing up cause so pretty
Minha tropinha
So beautiful
I hope you are feeling better today.
Omg looks so nice
come watch me stream $10 to some who come and support the entire stream
isabel is my bff :-)
Just like you
National Parks Now Longs Peak Great Divide
October 21/2018
so proud of him
and were just starting.
Be A Man
another day thanks g
check your DMs
on.
just an individual who doesn't feel that I need to have somebody qualify my work in
the sweetest. okay Anthony is bringing soup here in a little while. Thank you
Name me someone cuter than N, i'd say i'll wait but i'd be dead by than cs there is noone cuter than her!
Check out my episode SOUL RE-FUELING SUNDAY! PEACE BE STILL! GOSPEL/SOUL PLYLIST)
:)
I that you have a Karen GIF to match her tweets! (Exclamation point does not
It was a great night !!!
Dinner with my babies Buffalo Wild Wings
Poor babyI hope he will be ok??!!!
This tweet, "RT parkinabyun: life is OT9 is life
This tweet, "RT simply_itunu: Hi I'm
I'm new here, kindly follow me I follow back
My all time favourite photo. Happy Birthday
Up for the shocking Ryan's pint!!
Love, heartbreak, friendship, family: teens deal with a lot when it comes to relationships!
SPOT 127
good will hunting
Happy birthday Andy!!! Hope you have the best day x - Ava
The first day of the rest of my life
Happy birthday Lia from London tz love you.
- remember na lagi akong nandito for you. Love you always
what an insanely bad time!! truly find myself wondering things like cancer is the worst
I would have if it actually blew up, trust me
Happy early birthday
good morning
Follow everyone who does this
since halloween is coming up lets bring back this gem
White ink printing on marsala card for Erin & Chris
Here are their reserved seating signs, thank you cards and
Awww~
We Shep!!
Thank you so much for playing NEVER BE THE SAME BY
Que lindo
Getting ready to stream again
Going live on twitch in an hour
LOVE YOU BOO!!!
Happy Birthday, ! Hope you had a lovely one!!
only left my room once since been home
//I'm doing my best to try
They also have a spot in my heart
Sounds awesome. I wish all my weekends were like that.
Madame Sher - Corsets - Bastidores
I love you
In case you know- Brett Young
SHOPPY MINIATURES FOR:
Cost: 2usd (total)
Pay: Accounts
Time: 1Hour Aprox.
what a relief.. hayy
So today we announced our first featured streamer please can we all go show some love to you
Edgy Caroline with her snake ear cuff sends lots of love and so does normal Caroline
Wow! Way to go, guys!!!
My heart is so full
that's love. Really means a lot!
Es bonito pensar y tomarme un rico cafecito
LORD, guide and protect and heart.
Follow everyone who does this
Oh so sweet!
JANETH
sure I will for a long while. I take years to get over a character and even then I always keep a soft spot for them
ready
Want to chat with me & others about my books, kinky things and lots of general fun? Join my Sassy Sirens on FB!
Just to say hi to everyone and hang out, grab something to eat or drink just a krewfam meet-up/ group photo,
I swear to god as soon as I saw these photos started playing in my head wow
Yes baby
Banana walnut bread .... first time for everything. see how I do baking w Stanley help
You're cordially invited to make a difference.
My heart
Look after
Get your heart racing with us.
Keith should win!!! He deserves them...@KeithUrban
I got your back, feel the same pain together.
This
Good morning
Pelase. Halloween. Thanks.
Thank youuu
I luv the new people in my life soo..
Iti, ctz deve ser lindo
(@ Friedrichshain in Berlin)
not you. you spoke up and said stop. that's what people should do.
The best news. I am so happy, that poor boy.
I just want to acknowledge the fact that my principal, , captured this wonderful photo.
Loves to take my glasses. Also loves to wave at everyone.
Caiden looks so pretty
Take A Bow by Rihanna will always be a bop
O que acharam?
Banner Goku Black
Ideia
se gostou
pra divulgar
isso,Tchau!
cant belive we back together now
Thanks a bunch brotha
Yes everyone says that so believing it. Thank you b
Mwah thank you sweetie
Can't wait to see my boys
People are posting random snaps of me from forever ago today and idk why but it made me really happy and I needed it
JAJAJAJAAJAJAJ
You are my favorite notification.
AAAAAAAAAAA
El mejor maquillaje de panda/hitler
Love is patient, love is kind
This weather >>
Genuinely cant say enough thanks and how awesome everyone was
As mais lindas
Argue , fight , speak Wateva if I say I love you , then I Love you
definitely at max HP again bc of your support
ISABELLAAAAAAAAAAA E BIAAAAAAA ITIII
Choosing one person who RT's to be the next shoutout in my vlog!
New video is live! Like & subscribe
I think you're right and eeeeeeek we're really getting closer now can't wait to see you
"Embrace all you do, not just want - but, all you truly deserve."~
AWH ty! :D
tbh he's probably all prim and proper until he reaches his grave XD
Happy birthday, love!!!!!!!! You da amazing-estt!!!!!!
I had the best time in London, it was so funny and great and I believe it was like 6 months ago!!
Muito meu amor
Couple randoms from w the bestest Livv
Magiia
Connie Isla
Amor
Thank you.
And to you I can't wait to get hold of your book! It's on my to-buy list
Freddie Mercury
Thanks so much Steven! I had an amazing day!
[SOOYOUNG instagram]
Puppy love
wow so glad you are okay, ily
the baby
yes Lord
Something new, something real
Gotta do it again
I'm really starting to miss my mum..
Thanks for showing me
Literally sitting and watching movies all day is exactly what I needed
Meu trem bala
Thank you so much.
Hawa just makes my heart smile my Allah protect her always
Happy birthday queen
And now blonde
We miss you Carrie!!! May the Force be with you!
good luckkkk love you you can do it horny ass i believe in u
She always does
a very tempting picture.
2 pretty girls
Thanks
This is hilariously funny . I didn't know you can actually pull this off
missed those pips hehe
Thanks for always being my saviors without even realizing it
I love you!
tell me my babies precious
Yes, I'm so used to not be represented that when this happens, even if not 100% me because I'm still brazilian, is amazing!
I love spending time w/ my friends, they really comfort me
RK
RK RK RK RK
RK RK RK RK RK
RK RK RK RK RK
RK RK RK
das gatas
a night i will never forget
My boys At treinenfarm on a perfect fall day. Treinen Farm Corn Maze and Pumpkin Patch
guess what i just ordered !! wait for it to get here
this is sooooooo good cant wait for the album and the grimes collab
thank you!
I wish you luck
We just got to that place in life, my dawg fashooo
4 successful defenses of the of Championship. Great job &
Uhuuuuuuu minha isinha voltou
this made my day
Please believe it
here anytime you want to talk
get enough.....
This was before we had the convenience of lace front wigs to throw on our heads for emergencies so I feel her.
De hoje
Me but I bought shit. FeelsBadMan. make sure to buy Ghoul when it comes out
IVE PREORDERD so freaking excited
happy birthday to my heart, my soul, my clarity .
luv you mama .
blk crack.
Tomorrow
Good morning
Just wanna take a moment to thank God for this Blessing Kehlani Royalty Mitchell my heart in human form
All the time
Selamat pagi cintaku
The truth
I know babes
OmgOmgOmg I this!
So much love
The reason why I'm a Sungjin biased.
Love you too Shari.
Stfu
hope you always know how loved you are by all of us we care about you so much
YAYYY CONGRATS JASMINE AND FREDO IM SO FREAKING HAPPY YALL AND IM BLESSED TO SEE YALL BOTH HAPPY
Armstrong is live on Instagram
Charlie Brown
Hoy es mi cumple
Gracias a mis idolos
Today is my birthday
Yes...you do I U! Not fucking!!!!
MIA KHALIFA >> SHE IS FUCKED AND LICKS PUSSY !
MIA KHALIFA SO HOT !
Can I love u less bby?
I political season Its so fun!
Watching on cam right now she definitely lifted up my spirit! obsessed
Catch her online
:
about to sleep so if you could, be great!!
We're hosting SnoopDabb playing Fortnite! Connect with them!
Talk with my little boy
Bebecita
be back sooner than later
Thank you :) POTUS
OMG, I absolutely love that Diana I kidna wanna draw her myself now
Follow everyone who does this
Muy buen evento
Thank you, Cher.
Aw thank you!
No, I Nick took the pic and he looked for a good light then!
Love that idea Hun x
words enough to express all the love i have for you
love youuuu!!
My Life Snapshot lol I glitches
And every time we touch, boy, you make me feel weak
cutie
17 sales away from 150 on Etsy... I think once we hit that, I'll do another giveaway to celebrate
Looool aw I miss you too my love
Good things are worth the wait
Hiiii. been a good weekend. So close to hitting 2k followers on Twitch & hitting 100 subs. Mind blown
Por fin!! Well deserved. Idolo. Grande. Thanks Kimi
vie =
RK
RK RK RK RK
RK RK RK RK RK
RK RK RK RK
Thank you so much for playing BY and
God always looking out for me
thanks
He loves animals so much I wish I got the giggle when the bunny licked his hand lol.
Definitely
Knowing that spending the next two days at home with my parents and my little brother makes me so damn happy
A ravena vendo game of thrones
One More Time, daft punk
my Raquel senses must have been tingling. Aww bless, love her character in strangers. xxxx
Back in town !
A quote by Rosa Parks
good morning mutuals and
My mama had been talking about a damn Michael Kors watch for the longest so it was only right I got her one on her special day
I am so proud of you
Semangat di hari senin
loving all your videos right now I hope I can meet you at sitc next year
I love that and I can not talk for awhile and then just be a phone call away and nothing ever change.
Objectif 2019
LOVE that boy so
Good morning everyone. Hope you guys have a great monday/Sunday.
Sunday shopping with my Hubby
I love Diego and Chara!
Would you please appreciate this orejona?
Nvs
When I felt like my world was falling apart she stood 10 toes beside mine my shorty man
treat you like a King , make you put a ring on it
My faves!!!!!
Valentine
This year you're mine witchyjisung!
And you, whom will be yours?
God has showed me today that he is real and helps me when needed
with a 7:30 class
Damn I think I love that boy , do anything for that boy
i love you so so so so so so much omg i miss you already we better reunite v soon
Only you I love you
Estoy en directoo!!
Announcement to writers: Please open your DMs so that we can slide in smoothly
Thank you!
just found out i can uber eats panda express
WHIPPPPP IM VERY EXCITED NOW
You're wonderful
Nothing makes me as happy as when someone says to me " you have a good heart " ..
That word is a gift ..
Happy birthday Pat Pat love you brotha hope you had a good 18th!
What intimidates you ? it used to be the people that bullied me but now i really know.
Te amo cara
We love it too wow
surely posting earlier than 7pm Tuesday too far away!!!
cuteness overload!
Thank you Glasgow. been emotional Cx
Baby.
te bb
So are you
Edith Piaf .. La Foule
Love you
Come chat with us live right now!
Lol! Good times good times. Our drives and sonic trips
happy one month bw! i know im not always there but its one of the like only successful group chats ive made. i love you all lots
wait to hear your new music
Your tattoos are amazing
Love you
Baeee
so glad you went! Love you too
Community day in Rio grande do sul, Brazil
Loved it
Counting the days till I see Gee 30 more days
The 2017 Internet Booty Hall of Fame (50 Photos)
Minhas meninas
It was well worth me staying up
we all knew it was coming, congrats guys n GL
lmao u know a broke hoe ): but i love you and whenever down hang out with you!
Here we go again! Beckham is getting a Birthday present Will it be a boy or girl??? Belmont, North Carolina
I'm probably very late but I'm so happy that madi and zach won
Like | Retweet | Comment
FollowUs for more Bible Updates
BOOG MONEY
Mec
ge ito na pu !!!!CONGRATS ENGEENIR!!!!
Edgar Wright
Jen & wedding night with my sis in Livermore
Keep a glock I never trust a hoe
You are beloved!
National Parks Now Great Divide
October 21/2018
Like | Retweet | Comment
FollowUs for more Bible Updates
1 month to go. Hello gala nanaman, self.
Great time had at with mi madre is there anything better than Enrique singing in Spanish
My grandma always knows how to cheer me up
Vote for Gallavich Endgame peeps
Hands up anyone who doesn't think Mistress has a Perfect body and is Beautiful
I thought so.....no one
BABYGIRL in sleepy town knocked out LOL
redangel32
Loving the so far. Congratulations to all the countries & competitors! Love much!
Fall in the Okanagan is breathtaking!
Listen to E by on
Thank you beej, Love you
Positive vibes only
GREAT grandmas 100th bday is a true success Our visions came to life & I be anymore happy sipping my
Madison, Wisconsin
Love you
Ese abrazo . . Amor puro y sincero
I won't, don't worry bro!
Se feliz y brilla siempre , Te amo mucho
good morning!
Absolutely obsessed
because we loveeee you bb
I seen David and Shawn today at the liq. good niggas
yes!! So good, right? I love how they skate backwards off the ice so we can see them and so they can fully take in the moment
Just pre ordered can't wait for Friday
Take care emmy
& for more Videos!
Minhas meninas
You're welcome! Thank You for Playing!
so cute (the dog not Chris)
never been an emotional person, but this movie is a MUST SEE!!!!! I recommend this movie
What a sweet picture 's with his boyfriend and his family is so cute
Love you
DIA MARAVILHOSO!!!!
QUE ENERGIA BOA
AMADA, BRASILLLL
Thank you for these RaresI love my personal look, Do you?
HBD Jack! We all love you to the moon and back!! Rye, New York
TE AMO JIN
My mans is truly my best friend thank you
:(
This is shaping up to be one of your best works
I just saw these. Your support is . Thank you.
Red Has Become My Favorite Color To Wear
I love the state of Alabama and the University of Alabama with all my heart..
gata, amo
Happy Birthday Mi Amor !
People like this
[FMV] RAINZ - +Special Message for RAINZ
Day 4 loving you is the peak the of my life
ugh I met the love of my life at rn, Melissa from Michaels if you see this ily
I should try to get some work done, see you later
Parts of a pumpkin lesson. The students loved creating their own version of the anchor chart we used
All the love, well wishes, gifts, cash apps, free food & drinks! are the best!
D O M I N G O
Watching you stand alone...all of my doubts suddenly goes away somehow
im loving this fr
If you're seeing this I love you and I mean it.
You make me happy...
You're funny, you make me laugh...
You
So cute!!! I could stare at this forever
Header //
[ FAN-ART ]
Time: 1 hour.
& are appreciated!
one of my favorite projects
Todd Gurley completes me
In honor of the victory today, my niece again
ahhh, eu to muito lindinha
vie =
RK RK RK RK
RK RK RK RK RK
RK RK RK RK
My heart
Now we get to see really a cowgirl fan
Agree....personally I'm not from a CSA background but I come from a DV childhood, so know psychological abuse
Hell nah and you better not stop fighting for it yall meant I see the shit. Love yall both
I FUCKEN LOVE YOU
pouring
Let God prioritize your day
frank is the cutest person IRL like when you meet him he goes 'Hi!' with an actual smile and hugs you really tight
Truly the happiest been in awhile. Forgotten how amazing it feels to fall in love all over again.
Happy birthday babyyy hehe
Cuma Concept Short Film loh EXO-L
Udah 1.4M views 395K likes 58K comments
Ngegas banget baru di
get me wrong this week is gonna suck but so proud of Michelle and happy for her.
youre so brave, thank you for sharing your story
one of my favorites
It's been a while! Here's a throw back
.
.
.
Lighten up, just enjoy life, smile more, laugh more, and don't get
Buenas noches
Happy Birthday You have grown into such a beautiful, strong young woman! Hope today is everything
Happy 510K followers Kisses
Kisses Delavin
Role certo
you see play TKO?
him &
You look like the young version of the old man from up
liguem pro Boy ali kk
my favorite.
Spent the weekend playing and laughing with this little guy! just the best medicine.
tell trina i said happy birthday
Good morning from with 8 degree.
Seoul, South Korea
True love
oi estephany
Stop. It.
I miss you every minute of everyday Rest In Peace
thank you
Told yall this was our season fuck what yall saying STOP PLAYIN WITH US
"Make a wish" coisinha mais linda da minha vida!
There lies on Christina Liberation album. Buy tickets for her tour too now!
All booked from 2019 to 2021 everyone's year is coming
sure you will be okay. Just rest up and try to relax
Sure you will slay it
Iti
Be still my beating heart
happy 21st birthday babygirl I hope your having a blast! Love you
Away from my scale for 36 hours, oh how I missed it
My Granddaughter Darcy Claire
Congratulations to and You guys are going to be great parents
Bora
Our bed of basil.
i miss you too!!
LOOK AT HER JUST TAKE A MOMENT AND APPRECIATE
The
so boring & cold
Yo te mi
mirar al horizonte
Thank you so much
The grip!!
Feliz te amo
So very sorry for your loss
i'm addicted to LANY's playlist
Happiness overload
Hard to accept, but we gonna stay by your side where ever you go. Thank You Sayaka
We still care about you :o don't worry
siii, muchas gracias t amoooo
para Cuentas De Fortnite?
= Si Quieren
Tags:
my heart
Socially awkward is my style, but if I am with you I know you got my back
I'm still so proud of u my vevevoys. Yieeeee
Hi
Gotta love Pauly D! lmao
Red Ribbon Week starts tomorrow!
Amorzinho
Great, Happy year
Twitter cares more about me than my family does. The only one I need
Love you Domo You strong as fuck and get through anything know your worth & remember your purpose
Nah gonna come to England and NOT see my family xxxxx
Glad everything went well!
If I just lay, if I just lay here... would you lie with me and just forget the world
Every time I talk to this wonderful women my day always gets better forevvvaaaa ma bestieeeee
This is what dreams are made of they messed up so they gave me two
actually need two large pizzas
My fucking friends are dope as fuck man
I will always be there for you
Add her. the best.
Por muchos domingos !
Azzan
Take care baby
Beauty
so proud of youssss this week is gonna be insane I am hyped
not crying, crying Hidden Oaks | Retreat Center
This pretty much sums up our night. I love this man so much.
Le doy 9/10 a obvio mi personaje favorito Theodora
Happy birthday
Kittens will always make me smile!
Just have to say Jess...I love that you still do this.
Miss your face!
gooodmorning
Bbys
Love you, little sis
super exited that liked my tweet can I get a follow
Beauty
It's one of my favorite place on earth im so happy he got to visit it
In this realm too, Hero Dog.
I. Love you kim tae
Me and my best friend hung out today
Enjoy yourselves
Sorry can't help you there. All I can say is never. SAD!
Bless you both. This is so beautiful
Thanks God one smart girl
Her reaction
valeu
Yw love
You always appear to me when I need it most - thankful for you!
as migas
I came out of myself to address me
my sweet sweet boy
my red bone perfect
Would those sexy hot breasts in my face right now
Lindas de la amiga
Yes, dearly & my step father . the best
awwww qish congrats!!! so proud of you,
Thank you
this is my dream, happy for you
I already dm you. You loser you respond so much for wanting to know who I am.
- crush oh you see me
good morning!!!
22 of October 2017! became an auntie to my precious little adorable niece happy birthday to your little
lil big sis
Para terminar el finde completo
Love it all
Are you ready for some Football ho Kansas City Chief
Thinking about you
So this a nice start to the week!
AHAHA WAIT DON'T GET UPSET I'M JOKING LY
TE ECHO MUCHO DE MENOS
9- Tom Ellis
Dallon James, you are already so loved.
Hey girl, come to Brazil! We wanna take a chance to show our love for u too
Jamil did her thing wit that party, glad all the kids enjoyed themselves
you don't deserve the hate remember that :)
My friend Melissa made this
We this pic of his wristband while hanging with
just told me so gorg I look practically the same with and without makeup. I could cry what a sweet girl
Tysm
Thanks for the Motivation see you both real soon
Good morning Sunshine
Just look at my face. I mess around when it comes to Jenga. Baby Girl
Reduce my stress
Balance my emotions
Have these crossed your mind lately as things you want to improve? Drop a
Love you sooo much
forever grateful for you , this means a lot to me.
Crazy how
Another one from
Todd Gurley I love you
My heart is sad for so many reasons today
Hoping for sleep, night all
Dj Juan
Increase website and traffic with No camera or video editing required! x1f603
Love
This guys music makes my heart full
We love you too.
Congrats, you made a gorgeous bride! sorry I be there.
Goodmorning
10
Together again!! So happy to spend the day with
Very emotionally overwhelming at Assassination of Martin Luther King Jr.
you can still meet chiaki!
Loving this guy a lot... Bright future ahead
Ohhh, haha. Love that guy.
.@solozain
My way of saying love for the past couple years since she lost her speech....
My favorite songstress just liked my tweet
Listen to Ruby - Leih Beydary Keda - by Zineb Kassid on
Nothing beats you
I love you sm thank you
Means a lot, that! Slowly but surely... (94% slowly / 6 % surely)
You will be back
Perova all the way
I think I'm ugly
And nobody wants to love me
Just like her
I wanna be pretty
I wanna be pretty
Don't lie to my face me I
I always miss Arizona more than I think I will when away
I still love both of his drawing
I love who you are lee!
Love this
Awww feel better soon Grayson
No he got me yesterday lol, thanks G much
Saengil Chukae BI
The next step of the visas are done!! Next step interviews and medicals in February
Amen! Thank You Heavenly Father; You are Awesome!
Those people who watched their concert yesternight were so lucky to see them in suits!!!
Awww. Thank you!! YOU inspire ME!!
Anytime. Love you too
melhor metadinha
Time with family is priceless
I love you too Ian
Ainda sobre ontem Td ok tirando os B.O
Jsjsjs:3
I love you endlessly my everything
OH NON "jtm owo" my bad
Ohhh Gracias
That colour is gorgeous!
Hey today is my Birthday you can say Hi for me, i loved that :)
Happy birthday kim hanbin! Please keep making more amazing songs, saranghae
I can always ride the car pool lane, Jesus always with me
Happy 25th birthday girl
Ayeeee to be recognized for quality
your biggest fan, I love your egg porn
I Hip Hop!
.
.
.
always the best waifu
SDC really did that
Hi
Awww you look sooo cute with him
happy 1 month to BW, some of the kindest people ever met, i love you all a lot!
Obviamente Miguel
We're here to spread positivity towards the girls! We'll definitely support and appreciate everything that they do
This reminds of me Donna Summers
Migo top
LIKE if you want this account in ur DMs!
LA -
My heart belongs to you. Happy belated my dear
Sis Say Check Her Out
Hair Just Swaying
26) Hi yes I'm going to hype myself up - I'm really proud of myself for getting my Master's Degree so young.
Madison, Wisconsin
esse mesmo
To The Dad Who Didn't Want Me, It's Mutual Now.
stronger without you.
New acc,follow and support
my boy liked sooooo handsome and adorable at homecoming last night with his lil flower and his cute hair and dimples and smile omllllll
how do you catch a bear
3 WORDS! RUSS. IS. BACK. Eedemoo fantasyy
MY JUST FELL TO MY STOMACH & THEN IT POPPED BACK UP!
Missing this
a nut but i fwy
No social media for 5 days.. See you later with all of best.
I told my homegirl about some random that commented & this is what she does LMAO I love her
| Sisters!
Emily postou este boomerang em seu Instagram Stories.
"Felicidades!"
You've always looked great lori
Et mercee
- exxxtrasmall (33)
buenos buena gente
it's two days before ATEEZ debut.
some of you might know about the digital scrapbook
just whitnessed gold digger remixed in to blue suede shoes, I Dublin
KKKKKKKKK
I liked a video Fortnite Moments that make you wanna care for and cherish your homies
so incredibly proud i can be here tonight to support you. your incredible
You should definitely listen to Across the Universe really beautiful ooh
i'd rather be dead than locked in a cinderblock room, fed only enough to survive doves can drop fucking dead
My Brothers Daughter
I still love you Tucker, windy af outside. I blame you, I love you
This reminds me of Donna Summer
gonna be alright, might not be tomorrow or next month but one day it will be. I promise
Thanks sister love you lots
I love you and I support you, so whatever you need to do love
These are mobile phone wallpaper gold
You are faithful God, forever! Good morning! Happy Monday!
It's easier to accept
I have hope! We're in this together!
Ok fine
Bisous ohw trop mignon bisous too
Soccer football games throughout this week!
is a total performer!
Adoro assistindo This Is Us
past is the past, am i right?
Baby no you are not i love you so much
I love this
Heaven has gained an angel be forever in my heart, Grandpa John
You met Ava a long time ago, so say hi to her sister Noel
happy birthday carrie, you will always be on my mind and forever in my heart
para Cuentas De Fortnite/Minecraft?
= Si Quieren
Tags:
Perfect walking outfit??? I think so Cosy jumper, scarf, walking shoes, long skirt - check!
Her face
NATHALY (NATH)
(Antes Nath era para un de twitter)
Nath es una
love you take your time be here for you
I want you to look into my eyes and tell me you me
Wow , Palestine is truly beautiful
Better half of each other
It's late and I haven't eaten all day. I'm thinking some apple butter ribs Heart on Fire BBQ
This place been the same for the passed 27+ years my great great grandfather and great great grandmother lived
Somos
Going to sleep now but sending much to everyone out there, it's nice to be nice, keep it kind and I hope that
JUSTIN TUCKER I LOVE YOU
thank you!!
Baths &bed ready to start this week
Sonho de princesa
Thank me later
'twas nice talking to you mi lady HAHSHDHFH awkward nating dalawa pfft hOY IKAW YUNG LARO NA GUSTO MONG
May the Lord bless & keep you.
Products shown: Simple Scriptures Collections Bless and Keep You Framed Art
Lau, y Gabi en Combate
I need more bway mutuals
welcome back. namiss kita. sana for good na ulit toh.
Being the Fits her well!!
One of my winter list
i would be screaming so hard if i was there :( hoping there's still another time for this ily still megan
Also thanks for celebrating my birthday with me
One week until reunited with this sweetheart
Today is my birthday
Happy Wedding Anniversary sa Aldub!
I love you too baby
Ti amo
Awww you really must have been having a hard week hope the others are better
Love this app!
Glad she's taking steps in the right direction and she is safe. We take care of our moms.
Sigh.
Look at you cuties ahhhh!
Dark Zone
Final de Domingo
Birthdays are great because they remind you that loved
= Premio al MD
Seguir a:
End: 5 minutos
Que hermosura
happy birthday kim hanbin! you're a great leader and thank you for inspiring us
THANKS, BESH!!! LABYUTUU GOD BLESS
red hair is fun until it gets all over anything & everything
I really like your guts, idol kita masyado Thanks
ni na tweet bespren from the
God rest Debra's soul. She was one of the best ppl I knew
So excited.
Festinha deu boom
3 months 10 days till i get her signature next
I love living here!
You're welcome
M A I N
(( ))
hi kayeeeee happy happy birthday! Wishing you all the best, thanks sa mga advice girl! I love you
Son
I miss you the most my love
Thanks choch! Love you!
ME knocked out lol still holding babygirl SUPER DADDY
redangel32
5. Nessa for Vanessa
Su for Suga
Min for Min Yoongi
Staying at my dads place until I leave for Twitchcon. in Delaware and here to take care of these babies
Throw away yesterday, today is a brand new day. -The church of what's happening now-
Bem plena
missing these days
KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK mas o seu eu gosto
I block walked in south east Austin today. Doing my part for democracy
Sorry to hear that. Hopefully the next one works out in your favor hon.
I love you since day 1.
My sisters bday Is nov 14th, and my moms is nov 18th
Fiel creyente de esto
NUEVO HEADER PARA MI TWITTER! QUE LES PARECE? LO CAMBIE PORQUE EL OTRO ERA MUY BASIC
- Y
You have the view of Mt. Matutum sa school?
That sounds wonderful
As we do you +
TUCKER EU TE AMO!!!!!
AAAAAAA
OBG MEU ANJO
just wanna remind you that you are slightly perfect but not all the time yey!
I'm so sorry for your loss
Are you ever going to do a sequel to SWAT? that movie!
Sending prayers your way
Sol
I really want you know that I love you so much
Fighting! I'll be your side
lab
USHSUSHSH sim
Esco
love you and hope you feel better soon
I love spending time with my mom
Puma
I P!ATD SINCE 2007
Good morning and can not wait for this thursday
the calaca
So proud
Mood is... Impossible task followed by being shrunk further as punishment. Rinse and repeat until too tiny to see.
I love
Thank you!
Awe
Thank you so much love you track bestie
Te amo
Happy birthday to my cute friend that I love and appreciate so much love you
Thankyou matinee salon and barako ph With the ambassadors
My sisters
yAAAAAAS, MIS SE MERECEN TODO ESTO Y MUCHO QUE OTRO ORGULLO SIENTO, POR FAVOR
Amo
DOMINGO
I LOVE THIS SONG
Happy birthday babe! I hope you have an amazing day as you definitely deserve it, I love you
We add more days onto our life, so rejoice in the days we are given now
my uncle & auntie so hard on me but I know only for the best
Gracias ati
Goodmorning mga mahal love you have a nice day
Horny Webcam Model - Live Anal And Pussy Masturbation
are you selling dreamer at Manchester?!!!! Please I need to know ASAP because I really want to get it
stole from mae vote pls
- i wanna get closer
- close friend/mutual
- have a crush on me
- dislike/hate me
roast me please queen
Use did it again an EP so so proud of use see use next week EVERYONE GO PRE ORDER
I need some more reaction pics/ memes, bonus points if bi+ or related. Rt to spread. Love you
Yessssssssss dm me
Another full, productive, fun weekend in the books.
.
U look good either way sister ilysm
Aiti
Good Morning!!!
Mi
tal tal filha
keep fighting
Cutest
On
anyway stan whichever group you like bc theyre all talented and deserve love and dont forget to stream bbibbi for good luck
belated happy 18th wish u all the best in life and ingat u kasi pwede ka na makulong ilyyy
U the shitttttttt PERIOD. Fuck it up mama
help me with my homework, please
you need is - Hippies
"Life"
Bang Me today
aria giovanni cum on my tits korean teen porn naruto porn
Thank you! I appreciate it
Is she feral or a lost pet? Regardless, so glad she knew exactly who to go to for help.
Que fofurinhos
This is a great example of good discourse on social media. Thank you both.
.@PatrickMahomes5 is rocking his dad's jersey on
Thank you youre a blessing
Who Needs A Hero...
When I Have A PAPI CHULO!
No one really understands My Love for
MY KAMERON. He is SO
some hot wings from Dominos sounds hella good.
Yey! so happy for you~
FOCADO NA MINHA BOCA VC TA
TE AMO MUITO
Gillum is great energy. Love Biden too
Bless its heart.
Jin is so sweet
love you love you love you love you
Started my Christmas shopping today...getting excited
Clase rica de afro fitness
Chicken empanadas i love my mother
acknowledge you bae
When life gives you pumpkins make some bomb ass pies love u
KK
Frank Ocean
The kids love
We wish the best of luck as she leaves it will never be the same without her!
Never far from each other.
My swag mobile best unreliable 4 years of my life
is awesome. Just watched the first 2 episodes and the second episode had me crying.
Happy birthday, my dear!
this account
You my bae , you my gift , you my all of the above
25 purrfectly natural reasons to love | 10. always find the purrfect hiding they usually
Lay
F I N A L M E N T E
Courage Manon, tiens bon
new avi who dis
goodnight everyone
give you my life to come back, everything was peaceful when my grandma was here.
Ugh this makes me so happy
via
Kyyaaaaa
Thank You! God bless
thank you love, it was
Zico here is come
Last day of pre finals
love you
Have you picked a winner for kohler, WI yet? so excited for your concert
Lori and Jerry came by to check on me and brought me some sweet potato pie. Good friends and good food Good Almighty feeling entertained
Were I ever to start looking like sow, would you, nay, could you still the very same ... far rowed that brow!:)x
please do a duet at CMC ROCKS IPSWICH QLD AUSTRALIA MARCH
Faixaaa
so beautiful
One month left honey, I love you!
Taylor appreciation post bc shes my bff and i dont know whatd i do without our 2am stl trips Peacock Loop Diner
Good night sweet dreams Chris
OK awaiting your royal arrival
obgggg senhor hidratadooo
roast me please queen
thank you!!!
I love You. Always remember.
Fact.
Exactly how I feel!!
Love this
WE'll FOLLOW YALL BACK ONCE I CAN GET INTO MY NOTIFICATIONS I LOVE YOU GUYS
the most precious man on earth
all the best qt
That Car You Want Is COMING! That Job You Want Is COMING! The Person That Is MEANT For You Is COMING
Thank you
Congratulations on the engagement, super happy for the two of you and many blessings headed your way
Sister
Uaaal isso aqui ficou top.
The Stripper ficou pra
We gather here in paw in paw, paw in hand. Sending good thoughts to those named and unnamed. Wishing all well
Lov u
Minhas meninas
Will and Jada said they will never get divorced!
Read the story
Cardi only woman we stan
Special THE PROTECTOR Romantic
Skyro x Stealth Elf forever. I ship them so hard. Lol
NIKKI BENZ
ULTIMOS DIAS
We paying for nails, hair,& eating her pussy 3 times a day in 2019
Playing fun games with sav
PSD PACK SOCIAL NETWORK!
PRECIO: 1.00
MANDAR MD A QUIEN LO QUIERA!
Great day at the pumpkin patch. this Autumn Harvest dress. Want 1? I can order it or you can order direct from
RED
FB / RT
Girl, as if you could hide it! Everyone knows.
What would you get engraved for that special someone?
A club remix of Write is definitely fire.
Wooow que hermoso. Ya los
Lucky I'm inlove with my best friend
Our current staff favorite is this Apple Cinnamon Warmth black It's somewhere between a-hug-in-a-mug and
nobody else rather have a life long friendship with. love you very much
like , Comment and tag friends Follow: _ufcnews_ Credit: ufc days.
Happy Birthday Kim Han Bin
hit or i guess they never huh got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
and RT
Awww thanks your love, you also and a wonderful friend! ready for some more girls fun
10- Chris Hemsworth
so blessed with my friends
These questions can be directed to
Thank you God, Alhamdoulillah
Love
Climbed a tree today.
Higher next time.
And such is life. Higher next time.
Grandma's.
Q
Wifey go to Paris next month
Back to reality again ! Bye Palo traveling to Biliran, Biliran from Brgy ST.Michael Palo Leyte
My no said if she get 20 likes she again. Please friends for my mom!
Much love, Teo
Wedge
red is a good color
Everything she sings is the best. I bby dork.
is this
And it be enough walahi
THE FINALE OF THE SIDEMEN ROADTRIP IS HERE!!! GIVE IT SOME LOVE FOR ME
So sorry to hear thinking of you and your family from UK
Thank u for bring me into wonderfull world, i love u to the moon and back
.
.
.
.
.
I LOVE YOU
com a Queridona
Happy birthday to our genius and cool Hanbin
.
Yieeeee! Tenkyu
be the peepee to your poopoo
BRAVO!!!
my superwoman!!!!
Goodnight angel
My Heart You So Hard Up
Oh my God I would like 5 please XD he is looking super cute here
morning monday
KIARA MISSEDD YOU I HOPE DOING WELL
you Amy!
Satoko's SP is so beautiful I could cry!
Minha galerinha!
Bonito domingo, los leo.
1. Grey's Anatomy
2. Breaking Bad
3. Orphan Black
4. Black Mirror
5.
In front of a masterpiece
Anyone want to interact?
for starter
As my hod dey conduct test moro dier forget. Class is bae
Yestedate
Love having Sundays off.. been sleeping peacefully, and relaxing all day
Your voice is quite a view. I heard a song and then i saw you.
Mi amor
HAPPY BIRTHDAY HANBIN!!
You're right, everything will come on time
Oversize
Niall is your biggest fan
LINDA RAINHA
The Last Night Warcraft SFM
Nuestro lugar
Last chance to save 20% off all personalized pieces! Ends tonight! Code: Personal
Nashville
we ellie
Happy Birthday Hanbin-Ah!
the one who protects his members and they protecting him
You deserve to smile
There's a blessing in Humility
"There's a rainbow after the rain"
My favorite music playlist all the time
hey if you want guys you can follow me on my principal account! it's
A Sunmi mt minha thinspo
me and you
Honestly in love with my nails. My nail tech Joe deserves a Christmas gift this year. Lol
Awww all about smiles here
We miss you shin soohyun i will forever love you and support you bless you
Happy Bday to my bday twin i love you so much have a nice one
I love you too
Le boss trop fort
Vc
Te amo muchisimo
Happiest birthday!! My gelliebelly love u always!! More food trips with god bless u! Enjoy ur day! Mwa
That Ain't My Truck by on
Wish You Were Here de Pink Floyd
cant wait to snuggle up with my hubby tonight
Carved this today.
The luck dragon!!!
UwU thank you
Do one in philly or New York pls n thank u (ooor if be here do one in LA in December)
I loved this vlog!
I love Ben Platt and everything about this
Love you
And by the way, the poster behind us says transmitted
Thank you
okay to mess up how you fix it that shows who you really are
my favorite city in the world, totally blessed to be living here
cousin love
I added a video to a playlist - (Serhat Durmus Remix)
Tenho muita sdd
Hope that he finally has the happy life that he deserves
Chill and Relaxed Sunday Vibes To All a fav 2018 Release In
Yo mass
Graciaaas Independiente
for a
BABYGIRL is ready for a car ride
redangel32
_goddesh
prayers with your whole family through this difficult time, my is with you all
Hello Vegas
Good morning
// in love
Wanted To Just Say Thank You So Much Everyone!
Took A Week Off Of Work To Stream And It Paid Off!
Hit
Happy 10th Birthday Honey-Bunny! A Decade of Love, Munchies and Walkies. Rubery
Live playing solo alpha tournament!! Come support!
Happpyyy Birthdayyyyyyyyy my love
prazer todo meu
Thanks homie! Blood from day one
Kolkatta is Love
Thank you Akash Ruparelia for the amazing gig at OneBottleDown
I would love this
Justin Tucker I love you
No not She tight af
thanks for being such an inspiration
The Miserables
your place looks so nice! Your so lucky to have in your life.
thanks bby
BBC News - Fast fashion is harming the planet, MPs say
Stray cat season.
Who is hating on Jennie Kim? Look at her squishy face, she is adorable. No hate please. Thank you.
Cassie Army... Assemble!! W
Please electorate MPs (4 of 4), will you vote for a this Tuesday?
Love you too
still trying to get a new job so i figured signal boost this. any share/donation is so appreciated, thank u
something makes you happy, do
good morning. have a blessed Sunday guys.
Sooooo..proud of you co-army!ate ysabelle
That was the moment Minshew became a Coug at heart
omggg ilysm
Don't you just the Football Gods
Thanks Babe
Thank you, friend.
Thank you ma! spoiled much nanaman!!
My mom said if she get 20 likes she again! Please guys for my mom
My princess... It must be destiny that we meet today. Let's perform a live to celebrate
Mujer de mi vida
I really Cutest thing ever
Thank you for sharing
YOU LOOKED AMAZING! An inspiration!
Baby Her Smile Just Gave Me Life Dimples
Itiiii
my birthdays Thursday be 25 how about a follow for a present it would make my birthday
BABYGIRL is ready for a car ride
redangel32
_goddesh
Good morning!@nylecojsoriano
m o r n i n g
Thank you, sweetheart. I love you too now go handle ya bidness haha
Thanks hun, all about them drunk bad decisions!! Love you
Happy Sunday My Remember God Loves You and So Do I ! all we need is love
Enjoy
Te amo cara
Kara is an angel and squeaker is a precious sweetheart.
Thanks Roberta and John for another great open mic at The Fawks Nest! I had a great time (and so did my sister)
Chilly autumn weather means time for soup! this Superfoods soup filled with sweet potatoes , tomatoes
Thanks Let's see if there's more news tomorrow!!
19-
Live fast,die young
Please play this song in Madrid! fucking obsessed! I adore it!
Thank you, Maia!!!
1:11 zorruquillo
Pretty sure you are right.
Happy Birthday to me like been celebrating it for the past 3 days
is now online
he's so adorable !!!! my heart
his cheeks i loooooooooove
SINGING REQUESTS LIVE NOW
Learned some new songs for you guys! Come let me serenade you!
Just pick a
Love you!! Thanks again, made my day
ES QUE ES TAN LINDO AYUDA
Two of my favorite people
Sometimes its okay to cry cry cry in your Lyft ride.
Congrats Camille! Wishing you the best forever
More content please! here for all of it!
// Hit me up
Should you really want to write an epic SL.
Retweet. I was in such a bad spot a year ago, and now i have a man who even close his eyes to sleep until
I love you too baby
better days are coming
Thanks Rexi Bae. Working on it. One step at a time with back brace and walker
New Girl Just Followed Me Back On Insta THE LOVEEEE Crissy Is So Beautiful & You Are Blessed Bihh!
Oh tell me, tell me baby
I love you, girl!
Meus mores
If you fighting, supporting or helping trans civil rights I have zero want or need for you in my life.
&
Felt like winter today.
I'm so tired this weekend i need to get some special brew. Nighty night all my great mates!
stole from kae vote pls
- i wanna get closer
- close friend/mutual
- have a crush on me
- dislike/hate me
Good night.
The man we stan
Happy birthday to my favorite Redskins fan
I thought I would never heard that song live.. fook gonna see him again in Paris
going to find a weekend to go home soon
Patenting win
Thank you!
Yes!
so so thankful to have so many supportive friends. It was just an unexpected situation. Thank you mars
At the wearing my future hearts hoodie and got so many compliments
Thanks baby gurl!
thanks for being such an inspiration
We would like to welcome as the newest member of our mixer team show some love
Morning
almost game time! Go KC!
Thanks Syd love you!
Amazing, thank you so very much! so honoured and very appreciated
Eu te amo minha mulher maravilhosa
My babie
Self love is a beautiful thing!!
Praying that hopefully one day we all find it
I still get over performance by was literally crying coz wow , can the
Awww she is laughing lol you guys are da best!!!!
We truly are blessed!! This tweet will forever be my I'll take too, though
Ya know we you Turnip!
what will you do without me tbh jk i will forever be there for you ily
KEITH BE HAPPY ON YOUR BIRTHDAY LOTS OF RED VELVET DONUTS FOR YOU BBY
Also why do I relate to Keith so
for a TBH
Obrigada,
One thing I can say is my Travis is literally my bestie and brother ! From day
I love imagine dragons sooo much. I am so excited for this new album
I STILL LOVE YOU. THE GREATEST KICKER OF ALL TIME
Happy Sunday My Remember God Loves You and So Do I ! all we need is love
Enjoy
uffff Arco del triunfo
I AM HAPPY IN LIFE
Hey! my Jax!
Go Coogs!
L
O
L
What a sense of humor.!!!!
Absolutely! I love this coldish weather!!
MY LOVE
PJK!!
I love
Tmj meu chefe
thanks for retweeting. His name was Tom Colewell, and some of my happiest memories of childhood include him.
Carne con sporothrix schenkii
I love when my girlfriend babies me it makes me feel hella special
we stan a self loving queen
Congrats
Todo en orden. Bona nit amiga
You pretty af girl follow me iG
I enjoy seeing your happy giraffe pop up in my notifications
I'm my own bestie
Good morning!@reinantesusan4
Thank you my G lots of love X xxx
Thank you so much love. I deserve it more than anyone else but so kind.
Tour.
you to all the fans for celebrating the final Piece of Me -
stolen from kae vote pls
- i wanna get closer
- close friend/mutual
- have a crush on me
- dislike/hate me
STOPPPPPP PERO MIRA QUE LINDA let me give you all my besitos
On behalf of your entire fan base: thank you. So much. Like wow. God Bless you.
I just wish I
This is sooooo cute
Matando a saudade
Gatinhooo
Happy 18th months ov love fam stay strong to us. Loveyou all. mwaaaaaps.
I love and support every single one of them
I loved this episode, so close to Brittas being human
TKM
Juste toi
to amando essa foto
a beast about the ones I love. a whole war no
it for my emotional breakdown on twitter tonigjt. Feels a lot better already, take care of eachother
Honestly you, Laura and Zoe are my fav people ever haha Omg Thankyou haha!
Woman in the mirror, my hero
Lexi has so much fun at the Canine Olympics obsessed
Happy Birthday Hanbin!
I adore when retweets my support my notifications go through the roof
Can wait to be the cute again
Thank you so much man, and we eachothers backs always thank you so much & I love you bunches too!!
I love being learning so much about myself.
STOOOOOOOP
living are not done with you
11- Tyler Posey
DANI OUT HERE TRYNA MAKE ME CRY
Thank you so much
Happy Anniversary!
Creeps! (@S4GUnicornGames)
You are a gem in my life too!
I love you, loves
Date with Me at
cum in ass ebony anal indian actress indian gangbang kat
It's Venus' Birthday!! Come and join in the celebrations LIVE now on
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
SHADOW OPS GIVEAWAY
To Enter - Must Follow
Ends at 25 RTs
GOODLUCK
Thanks Appreciate the & support of my USC colleagues.
Very nice undies.
Heaven gained an angel today
Grey's Anatomy 15x03
Okay,thanks eon
happy is an understatement
Please never forget that you are loved, you matter and you are perfect exactly the way you are.
Always! Love you too
favorita? Faster - Within Temptation
Olha essas
You always posing like a queen
ZAYN TALENTED MALIK AKA THE LOVE OF MY LIFE KNOWS I EXIST THANK YOUU this man has SEEN MY WHOLE FACE
Take your selfies on the road
Thanx only $8
Holi
Ah!! Love that. Bookmarking to read.
I adore you more
obrigada ANJOS
Thank you so much!!!
Please see the article below for starters. In addition, the current coroner seems
God Snipe x3
I love your sense of style! She rocks! all of you
happy 16th birthday 4 years later n i love u more than ever live it up today babe
Melhor
Thank you so excited!
omg you're incorrigible
Thank you for that
Half blocked
Dang this a 10 Frfr
REACCIONANDO A NUEVO HELLO NEIGHBOR HALLOWEEN BersGamer
Hola
Cardiff-by-the-Sea, California
Both of them
We love thick sisters
I like it!
It's not how many times you get knocked down that matters but how many times you get up.
Advert for
Support is appreciated
Back together again
Spanish is my first language so I'm ok, thank youu
i'm so sorry i really hope you're doing okay
Ohhhhhhh yeah !
fait trop plaisir de te revoir
thanks
Deep breaths and...... (tyKD)
Happy Birthday B love you
Falling in love with you was the best decision I ever made
queen
All from the big girl
my ultimate goal in life is to have a beautiful blasian/lightskin son
OMG! How did you manage 26 ! super exhausted and i only did 13!
Love you too Gigi
Amo de mais
i forgot to take a photo the other day! beautiful
Keep your head up and KNOW it gets better!
I
I love you too
I will hope every night my dreams come true
Me too
your strength inspires me! You are amazing
in love with story!
Good morning
Nails by nat is also kid friendly check out todays full set
Entre
This girl
Keep killing it beautiful, we all love you
a beauty
of course
I'm more anxious about it than excited
Wait if anyone will meet Louis soon!! Buy him flowers and chocolates!! This will make him happy with your hug
Celebrated my baby 3rd birthday today
I only love Akeem
Such an important and needed story from Thank you
Yeah i hope too :3
Life is good
People helping people.
Shout out to our friends at for helping out in Gulf
dupsygirl: Good morning What a way to wake up Have a great day swearhearts RE-BLOG IF YOU...
Big thanks once again to the amazing folks of for putting on a to remember. We this
My mom has done way to much for me in my life
Call me when you can. I love you
Hourly Jonathan
Thankyou everyone for all the support you have all showed me ever since Conquer invited me to the clan!
I absolutley adore Damir... That was a great episode! I needed the laugh and joy!
Hahahaha tenta a sorte pow KKK
Oii, boa noite
Como foi seu dia?
Yo mucho
Good morning
Immersion/ OJT
Day 1
-No Do Ayllon Miguel
Lukaa...
good morning to the prettiest baby only my baby love
There are and that's what I've done my lovely x thank you
My sister in law is da best
This makes my heart so happy
look at how the whole world is searchin', but I got mine
so very sorry for your loss. my deepest condolences to you and your family. i hope and pray for justice to be done.
Que felicidade ler isso
My nephew is the most precious thing in the world
S/o to ln u a real one much love
This makes my heart happy
I love you even more than I thought I could for that tweet right there.
+3
Journaling has become my best friend
I will hope every night to my dreams come true
Bringing this back,, if anyone has any songs to add in, it would mean so much ily all sm xxx
Happiest if Birthdays to !! Thank you for always being there for me. Thankful for you
so adorable! I already hear him saying
Aaaaah visitinha de hoje
Feliz
Good morning, gantengku
Let's start our day with unyel-unyelan pipi.
morning vibes
Just when I said I gon spend any more money... you drop this! Now I gotta fit this in my budget! I need this!
Congratulations Laura!! Thanks for the laughs and chocolate so many great achievements to be proud of!
not silly at all, congratulations!!!
Deffo b, be waiting
i hope i get to meet on thursday
different photos same dorks
...
My coworkers just took my sew in out. love
your voice is amazing both you and my favourites
Um desse
CONGRATS this video tho, they played instead of just giving a so
only 4 more hours until I see my sweet bf. I wait.
sarap pakinggan plus the weather pa
So much love for you
Yago
not a rams fan but if rams do their job and lebron does his ...... RAMS DODGERS AND LAKERS all champs same year Los Angeles
I am blessed
We love you too
new background courtesy of
So thanks for this thread and introducing us to Cory.
Happy Asexual Awareness Week from your local ace!!
Thankful for this wonderful Sunday. God is the greatest.
If only, hopefully someday and sooner rather than later. Please go or better yet
gift for his international Dears
Muito orgulho dela !
This is awesome!
be amazing! Thanks Nicole! and love you back, Em!
KOOKMIN\JIKOOK
I choose you....
You make it easy to stay in love..
I'm going home I'm trying
r so pretty gyuuuud. girlcrush gyud tka ever since haha woow legit? hahaha thank youu :"))
I could never forget about you!
You're worth a loving home and friends
still the greatest kicker to ever play the game
Busted out the old photo album, dad took one look at a picture of me when I was 7 and he burst into tears bless him
What a life! Bless you for giving it to them.
Happy birthday to one of the most hard working person I know. I love you, Kim Hanbin.
3.0 suerte a todos!!
Sunday with bae.
I definitely deserve these ladies in my life but thanks God! You def knew I needed them
Aubrey girl get any pics of Mikey via meltdown
I love you baby
I love you too you always got a friend in me
Happy 6th Birthday to Red! The album that started it all for me
Change A Whether We Are 1,000 Miles Away from Each Other, Or In Each Others Arms,
It feel good to you either way, Big B. Get your team ready. We will be waiting.
that's my man
I spent the day kicking it with my Dad & sister
I Sundays and my elephant luvablelabs Happy Fall
Like/ subscribe/share
Market Cap: $209,618,521,016
BTC Dominance: 53.69%
BTC: $6498.30568835
ETH: 0.03180702 BTC
XRP:
I wish that on Thursday would perform The Promise ... I know not likely but I wish
You are the lovable unicorn the world deserves!
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Teresa!
hayy lord thank u. sarap sa heart
Multitalented King
RIP
[ VOTE SVT ON STARPLE APP AND STREAM DON'T WANNA CRY ]
thanks!!
Today is D-dayyyy!!! Lets give our best pipooot!
gonna be so great!
so wealthy
i love you girlfriend ur absolutely gorgeous
GOOD MORNING
My mini me is doing amazing! Thanks again for the prayers, everyone!
Terrific interview how the happened in Australia segment was mentioned! In all
Once Again *Naveed Studio* Uk presents first Time ever On the blessed lands of *Madina
morning
I believe it!! so proud of you xxx made it so far GONNA GO EVEN FURTHER
always a good time w/
Atlanta, Georgia
Oh baby I'm so happy for you you look so fulfilled d'aawww
Still very impressive! The content!
Small Kid Big Heart
Some times people can be just as good as animals. This is a great story
Thanks Nicky
thank you bb
This no longer makes me cry... well it still does but happy tears... Mickey has a beautiful romance in his life
Futbol Uruguayo
Frio rs
Lazy Sunday
Best Election Thread of the Campaign! Thanks
only one girl dat got my rn
Buenaas nochees!!
Devolvedme mi cuenta
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MY LOVE, ONE AND ONLY B.I!!
Yes please you have to experience an actual night out here Miss you loads xx
For the ones asking im Baby Doll from Sucker Punch
Captain Fantastic is a great movie
Happy Birthday, Stephen!
Love you!
So proud of the girls
We had such an amazing time celebrating the Wilsons this weekend! A big congratulations to you guys we wish
You got me to where I'm at
Este tipo es lo mas
Take care of you steph stand to lose you. You are one of the few good guys. Get better soon love
Te amooo
I liked a video 3 Cute Hairstyles for Short Hair Hello Batty
RaShea, my beautiful boy has been having a lot of nightmares lately! Poor baby boi!
A labor of love
I Formalism
I lose reading books to my son that have characters in them that look like him
Shout put to these amazing ladies always putting their cashiers 1st!
I hope this week is nothing short of amazing and productive for everyone reading this
Nicki your the best!!!!! routing for you
Aww thank you!!!
lu cette blague pendant une heure
Bts thanks you for yesterday and Friday
Ruzek based episode! Yaaaassss! Come on Wednesday!
Gauntlet Dark Legacy!
Happy birthday Ashley More wins baby girl
Very proud of my Reese! worked so hard at gymnastics and her effort and growth mindset are paying off! I
Happy birthday love
viram piranha fora
Love this - the singing and the outfit!
Exactly! Thanks
Love cold fall evenings cuddled up on the couch and watching movies with my fave person
lazy sunday with mr imir
I wanted to extra like this tweet
I miss doing this
Valentine
This year you're mine pourstiel!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
oi thais
GOOD MORNING
Drug of choice
Chan is so proud
Love yourself first, before you love your neighbor.
"Thankfully" good one!
We know your Scottish Clan!
My happy place is beside you
These faeries and nymphs right here!
These faeries and nymphs right here.
I love them both so much
Truly adore these two.
Good morning ADN!
Thank you, Michelle! xx
GOODMORNING!
Have a good day, everyone!
Spread the love and positivity.
Don't Cry (Original) by Guns N' Roses.
Congrats Noble, I wish you two nothing but happiness !!!!!!
tout comme toi
My beautiful and I at her sisters quince last night
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa my babys
found on pinterest
Beshies
:
I Love that xx
Happy six months, I love you
Belated happy birthday my darling Mo. May you continue to be a source of happiness to us. I'm sorry it's coming late
Hate to sound like a bigot, but the ladies seem to have 0 knowledge of Islam or its followers. If the post is
Eeeek! Thank you so much for being one of our volunteers and hope you had a great day.
have happened to a greater guy! Glad I get to call him friend!
Yeey! Happy 1st year saken as Loveties. Love you
bruh I love my family
Can't wait to catch you during an event eventually! :3
I prefer not to speak
Madrinha
Thanks Hailey Hailey
I love you and miss you. I am your friend and niece always, no matter how far away I may seem to be
Home
Calling all PH iKonics! Let's vote vote vote for our boys
Thank you I'm sure we will!! There's Y I LOVE YOU FAN PARTY
thank you so much for your reply i'll wait for that to happen can't wait
Why thank you, kind sir!
yea
I love you too much
BABYGIRL teething
redangel32
_goddesh
These days like I look in the mirror and say there she
Goodmorning
se ache lindja, se ache lindjo
Thank you for sharing! This is important
My world
Thank you, Mary Smith! Hugs xx
Omg my son loves this song. I have to hear it....all day long. so cute!
QUITTING YOUTUBE OUT NOW!!
LINK BELOW
MAKE SURE TO LIKE, COMMENT, AND SUBSCRIBE
Heard it!!!! We contribute to their fun! it!
We wake up ,chin up and show up. Its gonna be okay hanti
May the Lord bless us with love, strength and patience today. Happy Monday!
MERCI MARV
screaming happy birthday to my fav girly love your beautiful crazy ass
so sorry for your loss
Ela me complementa
armstrong really is out there telling us to make sure we support louis through everything and how amazing he is . i'm so soft
lmao fuck off
I love this.
How cute
Meu menino
I you so much always.
MEU AMOR!!!!!!
My reading companion
happy bday Mariah Witz!!! hope it was great fam
starting to post again on Insta since I moved out here follow me, if ya wanna
good day for a hike
Hi
I bringing books to life. I'd to be part of your book, too.
Uribeeeeeee pra crl
baby boy
My Soccer Angel Karmyn
I love you
Um NOJOOO
Spent a beautiful Sunday hiking with these two wonderful ladies
Stay positive. God has a plan!
had the most wholesome day
I love it !
September 2018 Favorites! | Alyssa White
Thank you to everyone who stopped by the stream today. Second stream & already much love
Una loca con pocas pulgas
My brother is better than your brother!
Happy Birthday Princess
TELL EM KAY
URIBEEEE
Yes I loved that because it showed that Romil knew she was there and he think to wait!! KV is a true gentleman
A new bud called Lamtre!
We found them sitting in The Tra Mountain!
GL Everyone
love you aries stay winning
i got to spend this day of terrible news with two of my fav sisters talking shit about makeup and A Star Is Born so it all bad
Uribeee
Clean one bro
I'm back handsome
Happy birthday to my Bren Bren!! Hope your day was as sweet as you
I love this band
i will keep that in mind, thank you :)
Just got back from Eindhoven Had an Amazing Night!
I love you so much
Beauty ever ancient ever new.....!
Best Gift Ever! Totally worth the wait! So amazed at my husbands creativity and craftiness I am so blessed
My people. Resilience at its finest
Best Gift Ever! Totally worth the wait! So amazed at my husbands creativity and craftiness I am so blessed
We always make time with each other!
Done please follow me back again
Happy Birthday Spencer!!!!!!!
Great month, my grandson's was the 10th!
Louis makes everyone speechless
Nothing is imposible
From the littlest fan to the most important conversations... I America.
happy birthday !!
Ayyyy! My fav looks from
Happy Monday
This delicate abstract art design is for the modern woman who loves to wear green in various
Parents! Is your Maverick's birthday coming up? Want to send some to celebrate since you can't be with
VC QUE MARAVILHOSA DMMMS!!!
uwu this is precious heh also 20 ?? oH gosh not yet that's a next year problem
Love this President!
It was a good few days twitter!
I have some great plans in the making, make duaa everything sails smoothly.
-Till next time.
Nothing in life will make you happy until you choose to be happy.
I love you too
One of the most unforgettable events of my career! I Tom Ford!!!
We always make time with each other!
12- Abel (The Weeknd)
Thank you
Means the world to me
have you heard this yet?
give this is a brief listen today!
thank you in advance.
Te amo mais
locooo atrape DOS mewtwo
Jimin
Obgd meu amor
Coucou mes loulous vous aller bien ? je vous attend en PV
God sure did bless me when he gave me my kids
small thread to recap the weekend: starting off with my best friends senior night
Because not bad, babe
I it!
Dem know my story "have been thanking God 4 life"
Thanks
Aaron did not sing it in any of the 10 shows I've seen in the last 6 years. I believe it sends a very strong message.
I zhang yixing thank u god 4 blessing me with him charot
im literally gonna cry this is so pure
I have a crush on Shawn ok I would FaceTime him EVERY DAY even if there is a big timezone difference
Mob ties
Yes of course
I love you
Tres
They are MARRIED! jtobrox and you two are absolutely perfect for each other and I am so incredibly
1st anniversary
thanks man!
Thanks ebb
Thank you youre so kind
Ill try my best
Kravatlar biz
Nothing but love and respect for my queen. Happy
As duas mexxmo
I'm in love with winter nights
**TO BE KILLED - 10/22/2018
A WONDERFUL COMPANION AND PLAYMATE AWAITS YOU A volunteer writes: Sparkle! What a
Thank you papi
I love Saenchai! Guy!
Christian says Eastside song reminds me of plays it... like wow so us I lived on the west side
You were amazing!!! I loved the slow version of lies!
gonna make a hotspot together
Thanks love
Good morning to my sayang only JWW
Im happy for u babe
i think doing a good job, lewis
It was amazing! You guys are the best!
Sundays are for the family
Hahaha ngantok nyewwww. Hahahahah. Mucho gracias babies
When you have a horrible cold great to have a chef in the house. to
choochoo!
Keep doing you my loves
beautiful and I love your confidence
TEMOS UM ARTILHEIRO!!
FINALMENTE
Good night everyone
Sobrinos
UUUUUUUURIBE
Want
Thanks Dony
I love everything about you
And for the record,
Yes, yes he does
Por eso te amo amor
How has it been four months since already!
It was the best two days ever!
Thanks
YNWA, may your mum rest in peace and we all have your back mate
My father said up to a man to make a woman feel love towards him... up to him to put love in her heart Well said Daddy
Morning
We are happy that it resonated with you, thank you for your ongoing support
I'm sorry this happened but you are still one of my favorite YouTubers and I'll still watch you Swift
See you there
Random but i appreciate and love so much real life Virgo sister
Oh loooord you have a brother??? AND cute too???
Caught on Sat, heavily anticipated, loved the funny kid actor
really in their own bubble
thanks babe!
Amo de mais
Happy birthday
ion really wanna play w you
At our first brewery in Asheville, NC! Bhramari Brewing Company
I love you Jules ur an inspiration
Thank You Everyone for the birthday wishes!!!
.... Ever look at your mom and wish she could live forever
Look at the sky. Someone is looking at it and thinking of you
You are beloved!
Wow this is the feel good of the day!!!
Its a YES
Thanks
Men ?
I am so proud of you, you little sweetie
Definitely Lupin (Moony)
It's not bad at all.
join now!!!
Ahh ayang bday
graciass
Feliz eu te amo
A IMAGEM DE TODOS AJOELHADOS
Mashallah May Allah show mercy on his soul
Done
so cute congrats!
Ehehehe, so cute!
The Boathouse
Sand sledging in Amble had such an amazing day!!
Good Night!
Buenas noches
Good night
If you are reading this, please know that I love you and that I am here for you. Always.
Baby you light up my world like nobody else
preciate it fooly
Our one minute of local beer fame. We + Draughtsmen Aleworks
**TO BE KILLED - 10/22/2018
A WONDERFUL COMPANION AND PLAYMATE AWAITS YOU A volunteer writes: Sparkle! What a
nyebar love warna warni love
in a relationship with friends lang muna ako.
She my Chong any day of the week
What's your favorite pic?
I love how we are different too
Guy, a national treasure. So... keep it up.
I dream hugging you for a long time
oh fiz :(
Good Morning
Goodmoring and to remind you, your worth everything Thanks alot
A New Baby Is Coming...
with And His Wife
Can I fuck you till your mood gets better? welcome to fuck off till my mood gets better
obrigadaaa
Please, please please Lord Don't take Molly away from me you know how much I love him Please Lord heal my love
Good morning!@PrettyKoh2
When I find a matching background, all smiles.
Photo Credit: umittaylan
Love IS the answer & absent of judgment.
Sunday with the niece and nephew get me through the day.
Happy birthday
.@RealArmstrongUK love your perseverance Armstrong. You are very talented. give up
some really nice lingerie, friend.
thank you so much
be strong ate. i don't know what pain you feel but i know God will embrace and heal you. keep the faith
This killed me lol you go !!!
Good luck J
I love these. Super cute and the content is just unf... Especially the second one. Shrinky shrinky until poof!
be crazy together.
Lazy Sunday
Thank u for having faith in me
I just wanna be known and have fun with a goated ass clan
Oh my! Mine would be on the 16th!
Your a beast broski! Never quit till you make it, waste natural talent
It's a YES
Oh my! Mine would be on the 16th!
What an amazing, fun-filled weekend with my favorite human! I love you momma! Oak Hill, Nashville, Tennessee
thanks darling
I want a puppy that grow up and cleans up after itself!
Muito minhas princesas
On the one hand: right, too early. On the other, realer hand: fuck that do what you like
Our general.
Thanks
I LOVE IT AND I LOVE YOU
I your humility and sense of humour
This song reminds me of you... so much...
Jhene Aiko - new balance
I said what I
so extremely thankful for
so happy for all of you that got noticed
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA TE AMOOOOOOOO
Well you are super hot and ridiculously smart and funny.
So not a surprise from over here. Very happy for you.
another week to fight, another day to pass, can't wait to see my vitamin C on Friday
Oh my goood
I wait to pick up my laptop tomorrow
When Someone says
Bat to tm ne theek kahi
per tera kehne ka tareqa ghalat hy
Deep meanings
I love her so much
is QUEEN
BEAUTIFUL
I love you
Aww tae beatiful, I hope you enjoyed yourself
Congratulations
Thank youuu! It was great seeing you love, take care
Love this one so much!
thankyou sis!!
F I N A L L Y my kings are back
Love my guys!!
.... .......
Amo mtttt
i love you too forever & yeah just a phase i tell myself. be straight.
That really made me tear up , soo proud of you for coming out
First apple crisp of the season for Dad's birthday. I love how cute my heart shaped measuring cups are
BABYGIRL loves ice cream
redangel32
_goddesh
All I Do Is Think of You , Think About You Is All I Do
Mon gros
Come to latinoamerica please
Chiwo excess love
my talented man
Goodmorning
Soooo proud of you woow
yay!! so excited these designs are beautiful
Michael Myers.
**TO BE KILLED - 10/22/2018
A WONDERFUL COMPANION AND PLAYMATE AWAITS YOU A volunteer writes: Sparkle! What a
When bae be stunning
Eu te amo muito meu bem!
is the one movie I cannot wait to see.
he masturbated
T - fechamento 10/10
Good morning! Breakfast time!
I havent heard this song in forever
retardada , ly
me too please
(@chelseamaey) (@clbusby91)
sorry but my liiiiiife
Paizinho
Had a blast celebrating two of my favorite people! wait for the wedding! Love you guys Polk City, Iowa
LOVE U TOO
I see it .. beautiful
Really beautifully said, Kelley.
for Stephanie oldest. They just started reading the books this summer & Elizabeth wanted a Potter B-day party.
Goodnight love you so much always no matter what!
We would like to welcome as the newest member of our mixer team show some love
Im so in love with the photos I took yesterday im gonna be up ALL night editing them.
Love in the house bitches
If you need to talk about anything here for you.
What do you think?
Tommy Egan
LOL SHE LOVES YOU TOO. COME OVER SOON.
AIDEE VIP
55 4003 7227
love you sammy take care
PARA TI
Pela
The power of the
Amorinho
see ya next year one last day of fun at with some of my faves!
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: Long Sleeve Charcoal Dress .
Say your prayers God has time to listen to you
is + 3718 and Happy birthday, Caylee!
I wantttt
Spiritual warfare is going on, we must pray and seek God for guidance/wisdom
literally been the best birthday ever so far Luke has really outdone himself on this
Happy Anniversary na Happy Birthday pa I Love You so muchhhhhhh baby aawayin kita later hahaha
BEST MOVIE seen in 2018 Maroubra,
Meu
thanks man!
*smile* come on~
para primer
= Si Quieren
Tags:
Got myself the cutest fucking tank and Diana the cutest hoodie that is all made up of positive quotes
Happiest Birthday to this man iloveyou always Tatay Godblessyou
I love you more.
Director Eli Roth post on IG:
"Thank you Lily Collins and Robert Pattinson for hosting this worthy event."
Night hun
Good Morning
Feias
Ownt fofura suaaaaaa
This is so wholesome despite the different tragedies at hand; music is a great coping mechanism
Check it out
Futuros
Eu amo de mais essa menina
I love you.
Istg i didnt use any filter or edit anything. These pics are just literally perfection.
Thank you!
Meu dengo
me love you a little more before not little
Fucking love you bro
Okay goodnight..by the time I wake up bts is prolly at home already
How could I forget you ?
I understand this completely. Take care of yourself and get some rest amazing
I did that twice :'))
Obg bro
Lmaooo. The struggle is real fam . Goodluck
Congratulations
Are you ok with not being sober? follow you no matter what
Hey since famous now gonna take this opportunity to link my cashapp. Thanks
Thank you love
is + 3718 and Happy birthday, Caylee!
Whatsapp q off hai subah se tumhara, good night anyways
Thank you so much Jess Liana is the absolute best and she deserves the world
Amazing weekend. Spending time with my second family
My sister is so amazing
Fuck I love these girls
Omg my heart cant take this . Soo sweet! Such a good father
Thank you so much
Hey guys go follow my finsta for some shit.
Wow.... my best friend is 20!! Happy Birthday baby! I hope you had a great day!!! I love you
you're so sweet and cute I love you you're sweeter and cuter lovely, i love you so much, thank you for
break muna sa job applications hahaha I need this time for myself
Te quieruu ;n;
Thank you Emily
Aww thank you omg I miss you sm!
Horror nights 2k18
SQUAD ALERT
Happy birthday Stella Laurel Javierto! Wish you all the best. Keep inspiring others and keep that smile
1st day of OJT today!
Definitely working hard, ma'am beautiful picture
My whole heart
RUSSELL WESTBROOK
so sorry having to deal with that bullshit. You deserve it at all.
And also with you
Thank you
Hehe can't wait to see you this weekend sis love ya
It was fun baby
for 1ml lips until
.
.
Dm for christmas offers nearly fully booked dm to avoid disappointment
Te Amo
|SORTEO DE FORNITE!! |
=l)X1 Fornite
=)Dar RT y FaV
Follow:
| |
thuggin & she loving it
how it feels but honestly fuck it. i got ZIGGY
Chanton in the tub, finna start cooking then we watching movies for the rest of the night
Very eventful day of drinking with the boo
How many times have you seen
No .. not to get married .. but.. if you Islam then revert ..
FLAMENGO ME DEIXANDO MT MAL ACOSTUMADO KKKKK
surprise!! I had a little one, welcome to dance team fam sriracha
worry man, life is more important than CS. Take the time you need to be healthy. You deserve it.
cute
Good Morning
Highly recommended everyone watch this movie at least once in their very life changing
Neeeeww Woooork
By :
For :
Team :
+= Um leki felix :D
Beautiful
Oh man. This is my profile picture on Facebook from exactly 7 years ago, me and my
Wish me luck final
Thank you babe!! I miss you and love you!!
Must read
We ended our week by picking a classmate and writing down what we about her! Lucy went home with a big smile
Streamed all day yesterday
I really am so happy I watched this
SIMMM, faltou
YASSS It's time for a great show ChrisTPa:Candy Gifts Please
top
For my idol
Oh man such a good game. Many fond memories playing it in your old room back in the day
Shhhhh! Listen. Can you hear the screeching?
Lindsey Stirling will always be my top favorite music artist
Honestly her violin, dance, and voice skills are so breathtaking
Obrigado
Thank you Crys!
The impact is tomorrow
happy birthday to my one and onlyyyy thank u for being such an inspiration, keep on shining bb.
Yo a ti te quiero.
A Bailar ya tiene 45M!
VAMOS POR LOS 50M
One mans trash is another mans treasure.
love the skin your in
How cute
Aww thank you my friend for the wishes I hope you also having a great day as well
Thank you so much
This guy is my hero
It really was. And Haircut Such a relatively minor thing as no phones made such a huge difference.
goodmorning
Goodnight my lovelies!
Sister just made some bomb chicken Alfredo
I love it
Your welcome Adam
Back to San Carlos nami
Salamat sa Bacolod City
Lord, I thank you for another chapter of my life.
MashaAllah ayeshaaa, congratulations. More power to you.
Happy to have a private chat another time if you don't mind Helen....let you go sleep now...night lovely
IRON FIST Turquoise Lace Up UK6 US8
Omg this is adorable
This View Will Never Get Old!
Spending my Sunday night watching old Scooby Doo movies. Made enchiladas. Bought a slice of cheesecake. Life is good
Cole swindell's smile gets me every time it's so adorable
Baby goats in sweaters
Pretinho no branco
Awwwn . U deserve more baby
Anyway, goodnight to Levi and Bakugou only
I just wanna say tight to be in the same tweet as the Lakers, love you brotha, always
FREE SHIPPING!!!!
The most magical two words
Hi , how are you ?
Reply 1988
La amo con todo lo que soy
WE LOVE YALL
Love these!
had the best weekend. went to see my family with andre, we all went to see Halloween and painted pumpkins together
Forever and always.
You followed me btw.. why did that happen?
Omg such a babe
Russian farmer's dog ploughs fields and pumps water for him one of my favorites
I LOVE MY BABIES
redangel32
_goddesh
Reply 1988
Adventure buddy 4 Life
Dog Mountain
I would
Hahah! That was fast!
Lol wym last year ? You mean the past 4 years ? cute last I checked baseball is
If I want you the thirst is real, I'ma show you I fwu
True enough.
Six months down...FOREVER to go. carlosjgarciaphoto
Miss having both my kids within a one mile radius of me. Always proud to be your big
Hilda is pretty heccin cute for a cartoon. I look forward to the second season when it comes out on Netflix
Grillo
Cheers James thanks man
A mulher da minha vida
Que lugar
this little boy just told me and my momma that we were beautiful
I need a dope place like this next for my man and i
De hoje
i love you honey
Please RT Pip again
Today was an great day for some pumpkin picking with my girls Flower Mound Pumpkin Patch
Se ven tan tiernos los teletubies
Meu homenzinho
It was beautiful
give u my feelings but never my heart
eu
DORIVAAAAL EU TE AMOOOOOO PORRA
Yeah We Flooded Snap Happy Sunday From B & I
Good Night!
Stop what doing and appreciate vocals
How many times do I have to say it, I LOVE this man!!!!@LiamPayne
Thank you man, appreciate
My niece is so beautiful
Happy motmot sa inyo, cheers to more monthsary hehe
"Excuse me, Dr King. Yes, Rosa Parks? ... Whoa." My child
Westley Buttercup
has a full collection of podcasts you will love!
Hoco 2k18
NEW VIDEO OUT GO SHOW LOVE LIKE & COMMENT
= +
Reunited & it feels so right Portland
Finally watching omg my heart is breaking
Hallo bed
Love it
Thanks for the support
Dinner on... feeling lovely on this wonderful Sunday evening! Movie night blessed evening to you all
Re bb
happy birthday patrick the star i miss you!!
My is so full! so so so blessed to witness this union yesterday!! The love & support in the room during
Rose playing piano is but Rosie taking a video of her while playing piano is
get 100 kids 100 coats! Click below to make a donation. No amount is too small
Yup, all fine.
Thanks for the Love and encouragement
We would like to welcome as the newest member of our mixer team show some love
honestly the biggest fan when it comes to anything my girls do, watch a 2 hour film to see their 10 min appearance
I wait until I have a little family
114th month of love
Love your edits
Nauna pa si daddy eh HAHAHAHAHAHA!
Thank you so much for this, ! Finallyyyyy, a lightbox
"There is nothing in this world to which You can be compared."
I love you
pretinho!!
I just finished my ballot! I voting by mail. hoping we get some changes.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! Miss you lots. Can't wait to mongay soon. Love ya
i think he has earned his paycheck, Dong
love you bff thanks for coming out w/ me yesterday even tho we did school
How I honored the remarkable Carrie Fisher As I hoped to be an actor in the future, I also hoped to
sdds a
fav
amorzinho
mais vezes
amo o user
icon lindo
header linda
pack linda
A SeaWing!! I WOF!
Sunday
comes back next week
We love you Chanyeolie!
I fell in love with you because you loved me when I love myself
I forgot how much I love, and live for this stunning queen! Blair St. Clair!
Good Morning
same. I sometimes find myself falling for the second leads or supporting characters
Happy birthday to the queen
Que bellura
Wouw Love It Bless you
(|) + ({}) =
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ANDEEEEEEEEENG! LUV U ALWAYS! More selfies, movies, fangirl-ing to come!
Hope
not crying, crying
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ANDEEEEEEEEENG! LUV U ALWAYS! More selfies, movies, fangirl-ing to come!
Hope
God Bless. So good to share a wonderful story of a true humanitarian.
Brb Let make some
Our general.
vou fazer com amor ok
I absolutely love the omnibus
Happy birthday to my daughter [look at this glow up dawg] i hope your day was as beautiful and you are // i
It's been two years since my heart went wild with these pics...
Red suits you
thankss, love u girl!
Me too girl, we will have so much fun
parceirinhaaaa
Tailgate Things: Red Cups, Loud Music, Amazing Food, Soulful Laughs, and Lasting Memories.
Oh sweet ! Thanks
My bestfriend just sent me this and said this is me
just ordered mine so excited
YOU LOOK SO BEAUTIFUL congrats
Lmaooo the gif is so accurate I'm dying jdkdksks
Watching marathon today! I miss John Munch and Elliot Stabler. I though, i
thank you your my twitter crush lol
It's gonna be amazing! Can't wait,
Great stream tonight, plenty of talking and support as always
thank you for the sub,
I know you can do it.
Pretty good birthday
Congrats to Drew!
Chanyeol really promotes EXO better than SM This comeback is well anticipated
Thank You
of the WIKI days till summer challenge
Your choice of a 1km walk / run / swim / row or crawl
Vamos falar de amor?
my person
Suck a cutie~
i think ur offline but if not hii
Happy
irl rlly out here like
/\
/\ / \ / \
GoSlowUnder is waiting for you
Always!!! Missed you today!
If he like ya he worth it. too good to pass up smash.
So sorry for your loss. Praying for your family.
PreciousBaby viens jouer
your babygirl
Meu CHRISDIEL amor pra vida toda
my heart outside my chest.
s/o to the c00l person that sent $15 i u
I love these videos of Mexican parents with their grandpets! Keep them coming please
Sounds good! Thank You
Love your work
Valentine
This year you're mine futagucci!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
give it a try Rach!
tbt
Daily from our team enjoy your
I am so so sorry to hear this Lace sending my condolences and a hug
God bless this man. He lived a long and blessed life.
And a wrap! We enjoyed sharing As You Like It: A Wild West Ballet with our BFans!
Casaaaal
Fully wired circuit
Do you remember when you joined Twitter? I do! LOVE IS ALL THAT MATTERS IN THE END! So
Vale 21/10/2018
Please RT Glynis again
She's had a tough life so far
Really should be in a home!
My baby sooooo handsome god blessed me
Yeeee love it
My family make me
thanks babe. so are you
country music is good for the soul
Good morning babies!
hey ! is a huge fan and promotes the hell out of you in nyccould you do me a favor and
Thank You
played Overwatch none stop dude, I just anymore, but ty!
Arrives early
..
Rise ..
I can relate
glad
when my mans whisper in my ear he loves me sorry not sorry
They really are but I still believe love wins in the end. Love to your son.
Go support a favourite of mine
I MADE IT YALL congrats to the rest of yall who got noticed
Always! I appreciate you.
hey ! is a huge fan and promotes the hell out of you in nyccould you do me a favor
Thank you sweetie may pamedyas pa e hehe
This is so incredible reading the full story even more so!
Thanks for all the prayers
Mis chicos, Ridears
Iti
Bebe me hiciste el
She deserve the real me
Ugh, so perfect outside
Saved the best for last
heyyy you guys lol .. i been up here in a while
thank you so much!! don't fall again!
Story que subio Lottie apoyando a Lou.
damnit, son, make this a full song!
10-21-18
Thank You
Miss youuuu
49ers We are Faithful We Believe We support Stay Strong
I got a high score in my Philosophy exam hehe
Yes! When I studied Genesis years ago this touched me the most- so powerful- God who sees
Happy BIDay Kim Hanbin !!!
Be around people who brings out the best in you, who makes YOU better.
I know, thank you
<----New Icon!! Thank you
It was hard taking off my killy icon but I couldn't resist after seeing
Teams always here for you!
I love you lots
Mejor fin de semana o queeeeeee
I know my boys are struggling, but my god, loving your insight, expertise, good, not. You are brilliant
Own mds
Hahahaha this girl is too much
Morning
stand by me i mean esse filme ahhhhhh
Gooooodmorninggg!!
Beautiful end to a beautiful day Hermann, Missouri
Thank You
u deserve the world
Serge Lama - Je suis malade | Emma | The Voice Kids France 2018 | Blind ...
I will do man, you too! Good luck with the push, be helping where I can!
Awww thanks Jack, I'll try
sara
finally got to see my fav after FOREVER!!! welcome to the world of ny.
Baby (girl) coming soon!
.
.
.
.
.
.
Fair enough just used to the taste now. Sleep well
such a queen
Smngt utkmu jg baby vie, i love u and i miss u
Update: YALL I FUCKING WENT BUT IN TULSA
Beautiful just beautiful
No Problem; keep the Faith and Keep Working Hard. Much as well
Thank you
I hope I could travel where my friends located so I can see and touch all of them
Thank You
good morning!!!!
This is hot
HELLO THANK YOU THANK YOU
when my man whispers in my ear that he loves me sorry not sorry
THIS IS WHY YOU CANNOT NOT LOVE KENT GO ?
Muy cierto
Come on lads
yes!! we had innout yetherday ): but lookin for grub ): goin to the target on sycamore ave
Shivers I love Noel
Sign I need to spend more time offline: I just saw a bumper sticker that said "I Walla Walla" and in my head I
try it out. Thanks
"Once you get a taste of RESPECT attention isn't sweet anymore"
Thank you so much Alan!
good morning tyLord!!
like , Comment and tag friends Follow: _ufcnews_ Credit: ufc days.
Only have ur read receipts on ppl u wana hurt lmao
vulnerability and connection
i looked like dora but now u all know that my hair grew
Good that I finally know, thank you for that.
Done
I miss YOU!!
It is house, & we are all flawed people. If each of us has that within us, then it draws
This is what I live for
That's what friends are made for. I love you too a lot
The greatest need in the world today is FAITH IN GOD and COURAGE TO DO HIS WILL. Happy Monday! Start your week right.
Thank you for a little while ago
Ahhh!! Pretty!!
For a world with more people like that
Feliz MA!!!
Make it a moment that last forever
This has been a wonderful weekend with family and friends
Haha i saw it
Good night tayyab. Sleep well tayyab thankyou for remembering me always
CAM by Daniel Goldhaber, love the technology use in the film makes it so real. Loved the set design and the
regardless if still in my life or not, i wish you nothing but growth and happiness
A beautiful nightmare! Thank you Brandon
mdrrrr jrigolais taffole pas alphonse
beautiful baby
Her scream . She got moves
Nelson, Murdock & Page
Whenever emberly sees the stretch marks on my body, she kisses them and says, "all better!" Love this girl.
I
RT if you agree
Last night at show. he makes me so happy and appreciate him soooooo much.
Thank you for an
This song, the wedding, them... so cute
BABYGIRL in sleepy town after a good swim
redangel32
Natti Natasha - Quien
Sidney is Some Birthday fun.
Absolutely Support Small Businesses
Thank You
I watched Gossip girl 6 times and it amazed me every time
thank you for supporting me on this journey, means the world
so sorry Sami
Double take
Great news welcome home Alfie
lingcunaili: spank use feminize fuck please I am ready for you cum on my tumblr and...
actually excited that is back in the same country as me. Although I will never meet him just great to know
Thanks
no problem it was an honour
Thank you so much, we are
Hate when my momma go on 8 day cruises maaaaa to long an I contact u but have fun
thank you for supporting me on this journey, means the world
Thanks sf for letting me get blown out in my fantasy football game fuckin cock suckers
how is tour going? i see u are having so much fun remember to sleep well and stay hydrated i luv u
people for next year
Gute Nacht
Beethoven 2
So glad to have children
Goodmorning! God loves youuuuuu! Be grounded in faith and rooted in love, okay?
What a cute family!
instagram saw them first
Thank you so much!! I love you bunches!!!!
Halloween is fast approaching - I love this time of year would make an awesome Dracula!!
Nothings Like a Mesh Dress
Con mucho
Not surprising at all! This show is brilliant, and I will continue to talk about it to anyone who will listen
Emilia [Re:Zero] Find more and related at Anime Lovers WorldWide
you ease my mind you make everything feel fine
te amo
Goodness
I love how Spanish girls say "stupid"
[Azur Lane] Prinz Eugen is best girl Find more and related at Anime Lovers WorldWide
hi i love you a lot! also i would love a nickname
I Donna!
omg
Devon House Jamaica
Thank you and hey:)
I know not Nigerian, but please throw money at my wedding. Thanks
Happy birthday to my all time favorite album ever I never felt more understood by lyrics, never felt closer
Day 7: I went outside. Day 5 me would be so happy
She's coming
My love
Thank You
Good morning, Monday!
This!!
I knew you would win!! Thats my baby
YESSS! BE EXACTLY WHO YOU ARE, CUNTTTTT!
I got a crush esperando mi hamburguesa
HABADUUU!!! MISS U! KALABYAW PA AHAHAHAAH
Beautiful bride I love you so much and wish you nothing but happiness in your marriage. You & Cole
Omg wow
Goodmorning COMEBACK DAY!!!
My baby
We're otw
I was on vacation this weekend.but still here.i missed savage your doing well James#FamLOVE
You are changing the world girl!
Ah how am I not remembering this photo being taken thank you and love you Fati!
Thank You
Goodmorning
Thank you Cam!!! I love and miss you sooo much!!
The light up the night
Ya pronto con nosotros we love and miss you too
My birthday is November 26 and I'm turning 21 this year I'm so excited
Beautiful
Like your padlock chain,it's outstanding
i love you!!!!! thank you for commenting in the first place ajdlwere it was so sweet... and
Example.
Thanks, Big C.
Naked nights weather is back
Senior night with my team went exactly how i dreamt it would
I had a feeling you would.
I this!! Two wonderful people
This is the sweetest message in the world
Good morning Tata's Dad
Thank You
me de ti.
SASO Retreat 2018
Kevin
Polishing off a great afternoon at with a gorgeous sunset & a captivating moonrise
So proud of charity work for cancer
The bestest and realest leader, happy birthday Kim Hanbin! You deserve nothing but the best.
Everything about this man is just perfect for me at Formula 1 in Austin, Texas
These colors!!!
here for Wiz and Winnie
Yasss, Hollowmum, we love a violent, protective queen mum.
Good Morning
wow I was not expecting this you are too nice to me
Aww, boys that is so lovely of you! Yes, he would love that and he feels your love already
MAGA together
time! be at GCAP, PAX and MegaDev if like to catch me.
For new followers, hi!
I just want to cry now ! video is so perfect
Iti modeuso que vai ficar bem sim bby
This so accurate minus d occasional jump kicks
thank you for making my night one to remeber forever
Thank you sis i love you
Honoring Breast Cancer - Real Men Wear
Mr. GQ/Dapper Cory A. McCarther is MY BEST
Be
missed you Westbrook
happy birthday bro
Motivo do meu sorriso
YOU BETTER
Who is hating on Jennie Kim? Look at her squishy face, she is adorable. No hate please. Thank you.
At barricade for this evening!
Top right
I believe you, wholeheartedly
OMG! i'm gonna eat my baby peppers from my window! soooo beautiful!
glad my is calm right now but I worry about how it will be tomorrow since tomorrow is Election
+ =
&
becca
Ana y Jenny
Enjoy
Vraiment incroyable looskdjdkdbdk jles kiff tro de luvvv
Preferably! I enjoy a hands on experience
Have a good day, have a good meal, have a good health too. I love you
My babe - gone so fat now lol!
SO HAPPY FOR ALL THE NOTICES HOPE TO GET MORE
They weren't mine but I'm still happy aw congrats zquads
good thing i have you
Sitting in the drive through of my workplace getting food and the guy behind me signs in my mirror. If
Simply love this!
The feeling is mutual honey bunches I miss you
This makes me so happy
Gymnastics Comp Campaine has lost momentum please consider giving Please support my GoFundMe
That's a good one though
Te amo, u cutieee
Front of KABBAH shareeff
Cansadas e satisfeitas
Gordita
I'm crying over how much I love them
julenphoto
Thank you
Much love lu. He gettin taken care of up there bro
Delicious Beef Stew in only 35 minutes. I love my Crock Pot Express
Que fofinho!!!!
Keep your health I Love you
Days later I am still in awe and so emotional for this honor
No need to say sorry! - U r so strong to get the help and never forget! All here for you xxx
Had an amazing time at gig
My old man
My grandma is in town unexpectedly and about to lose my shit!!! I missed her so much, my heart is so happy.
Westbrook is really baaaack
Be thankful for every new day
Update : did another exam w that same teacher and got another 59
can you stopppp baby sis
ZuhaLim hoadere 05553675255
always so nice to see family you seen in forever
I am my brother(s) keeper
Wahh ce concert memorable
Oof thanks for doing this sis
Night M8 well done
Grief will subside but your love & memories are forever, so sorry for your loss .
Que e esse
Meu novos amiguinhos
I wish I was here
te amo mt
Te amo
Aaaandd another adventure with you
E msm nos momentos ruins, sorria
Thanks
A meme I made for our beloved Marshmallow, Nancy.
I Swear Time Stops, When with You.
Friends! Give an advice to the person in this situation. Retweet or download app!
<----New avi!! Thank you
It was hard taking off my killy avi but I couldn't resist after seeing
Je Russ
I wish there was a Kardashian trivia contest, so that I can join and win. Happy birthday love you
To the most awaited marriage congratualations
Thank you.
Mad love for you my brother.
goodluck din
Someone once said "Keep enjoying yourself and if you love it then hold on to it" Holding tightly.
ok lol
Awww thanks baby
make her feel better with this special shirt we are with you be okay
babygirl
This is how crazy sports betting can be guys, truly amazing !
I love you
thanks pwet!
This thread is amazing. Knock some doors. Be like Barbara.
buenas noches mi amory
This. Is. Precious!
Real Talk Game
Hit the heart and dm you something wanted to tell you , but to scared to do
We all feel like that sometimes but we have to know that no one is useless
nothing compares to becoming a mother
aff, sem palavras
Me and my friend Jill on sparkles cheerleading squad
I have the prettiest baby. not biased. I know she is.
Aww finally
I live for great weekends with GREAT friends
I swear my friends are so beautiful
Nothing but love for your Allen
Girlll your like my sister I love you sooo much and always gonna be here for you :) I cherish our
thank you !!
Vamosssssss!!!!! Hahahaha
nic
Same - I was like
I will be watching them
Thank you for your help as always
Michael Jackson
Great players both. But Salas is Salas el grande Matador.
You are so very beatiful
Thank you
Aww, congrats love
BABYGIRL
redangel32
_goddesh
i miss you IMissYou too whoever you are
glad my is calm right now but I worry about how it will be tomorrow since tomorrow is Election
Just a quick post to remember all 270+ trans folk who were murdered last year. Rest In Peace my friends, we will fight for you all.
Hi Z.
I wait to have it on repeat
I still love this song
Happy Birthday Arsene Wenger
Ryan Kent though
got no voice. BUT Father, may You hear my heart.
with eastkidsesbc Bear Wallow Farm
Best comment I have ever seen
Love you Both
hi
Sangat tak sedap hati May Allah bless journey to Indonesia & journey back to her uni
. .. love this..
I missed ya too! Sorry, i fell asleep. Love you!
Les presento a panchito
Aww my poor bby
thank you , juls
Barbara is cuteness personified (25 Photos)
Happy Birthday B i
Minhas gurias
the best
AAWSUMMMMMMM JUST LUVVV EM
hi people hope yall have a great day
we stick together
Oh, it was so awful, Susan! I hope I understand how awful things really are for him now and I will try harder
um
sou muito apaixonadaaaaa
I understand, just know I disrespect you for it :)
You two are absolutely fucking adorable and so proud of you Noble
you walk around untouched cause they know do the most
Two years later and this still makes me cry. Always our princess.
This is hell and we can't leave.
Sometimes you don't realize how badly you've needed to see your until they're in the room. Feeling what I have
Love it
amoooooooo
Blondes are having way more fun this weekend (40 Photos)
:D
Okay, I have to say that not only sounded amazing when he sang Titanium but he also looked
I just changed my bio just Incase I get famous 1 day
Thank you
meu amorzinho
Omg why is this a prank ?! This better not be a prank . Fredo play too much ! . Omg , I know Jas is too happy !
Keep doing what your doing :) dont listen to the hate much love
I have to say, I should do bold looks more often... thanks at Powell Street
muito Kids
I Pod Gay America
Thank you so much Natalia so glad your gonna be with me thru these new beginnings
I love my family
Found this gem yesterday - god, it's glorious
Have faith in your dreams, keep pushing towards your goals and watch them manifest before you.
I love family days. Family days are the best
Mi amor What's your "why"?
.
.
HAVE A REAL ESTATE QUESTION?
647.931.1313
I spy an Incredible family
Praying for all of you.
show me where i said good w dogs, unblock me, and send me it.
Touchdown Buhay Forest Pinagod mo ko HAHAHA
bitch looking like a Barbie
You, yourself deserve your luv & affection. If you have the ability to luv, love yourself first we be
make her feel better with this special shirt we are with you be okay
Congratulations!!
I cant wait untill hes home
Dallas fans how doing ??
Hoping for the best and sending much love to you
Go Adam!!!! So proud of you
Yess
Off to Subic
Gracias
All of Baltimore loves
Welcome, Kaine!
Aww thanks for Follow Grace
O amor existe ele da chutinhos
You described my wife perfectly.
I've never been more proud of you for not finishing your chores
Ugly
Somos bellos jaja . Aca la mejor
Look how far I've gone and I still love them very much.
Happy 6 years, Red! Albums come and go, but you will always be my go-to one for feels that I don't skip any of your tracks.
Cyprus earlier on the tasty treble was a disaster but the gang know ones never far off
26 and 6s with a failed
Big thanks to for tonight got to hug and he really knows how to put on a great
Love Wins.
ayy muchas graciasss!
thankyou gorgeous
proud of you champ
Tu eres fake nunca has sido original.
I know you know me but always available for venting
Thank you love
As you do for me! Here always! Love you!
You deserved it right at the beginning! Proud of you best friend
Thanks baby
follow all and gain massively
Congrats Goddess
De boas JHFFGHJGFG
TB te amo
Good 3 Hr Stream Today!
Peaked At 6 Viewers
amo vcs demais squad
If you need help let me know!
Baby goats in sweaters
Sdv todos
Charadona ..
familia irmandade!
I'm home alone all night so I treated myself to some baked eggplant and a night of bingeing
I need God in every
single moment of my life
Mon reuf
I saw! I was in the front row! It was great!
The gateway to heaven
So So bitch uh over 170,000 streams wen u got a song over 10,000 hit my line or Matter fact get 1,000 My Son and get you ice cream
Uff, venden figuras del Show de Aquaman y sus amigos
Love seeing you again SO SO SORRY I missed you st the watch party!!!!!! Love you handsome
|| Starters coming soon!
POR FAVOR ME MUERO
You look beautiful as always
People should enjoy sexual life without reservation.
Let's follow
HI FAM PLEASE HELP MY BBY SIS. RT RT! THANKYOUUUU!
Go support 3 of our softball studs!!!
happy birthday !!! congrats on being able to legally drink love you lots & hope today is treating you well!!
Gradwaiting
My twin he sooo bad
The joy of the Lord is your strength
MY YOUTH IS YOURS
Shout out to all my friends. Yall have really been there for me in these pas months and I appreciate you. Love you all
Nakakamiss to
good morning
hey guys my phone bill hasn't been paid for a month and i don't have wifi so i havent been active but i miss & love you all
the most awaited OT9 comeback i'm fucking crying rn our precious OT9 my heartue iloveyousomuch
The smile when you harvest your first buck so proud of my niece danica_wagner_11 She sent me these pics
Been there too at least I got to shower today, thanks momma
Awh I love you
Islander
I know. I was devastated - I'm going to try harder
So proud of you
Late night convos with my dawg
We wish you the best in wherever your journey takes you, Kelvin! *BrookeK
obrigado bb robson
I drink it all the time & LOVE It!
I really hope it will make sense later. GOD BLESS EVERYONE!!
Watch heartland
Happy Bday bud thanks for making my little Veep happy
Good morning
she eventually booted him out lol. She crawled in there all by herself though West Hattiesburg,
My cousin is having a girl I really hope they name her Kim
official, Caleb go into a store without buying Kade super blessed
Fab!!!
Love you more
thank you!
You go girls!!! Praying for your success in the process of gaining your freedom
Beautiful markings
quick photos from the old neighbourhood. always with me.
i literally Meghan Markle
My girl cyndi302 always showing at my ...
---------------------
I was just told I am a paisa at
scary how perfect he is
You are very welcome sweety
Happy birthday brotha! Much love see you soon
The GAYS have great taste
hey sis, I miss ya
Happy monday everyone!
Amo tanto
We love you so much Looking forward on seeing you again! and promise babalik ulit kami sa CEU
Thx M.
Please feel free to add any positivity tweets
Thanks bro
Im loving this day
make her feel better with this special shirt we are with you be okay
LOVE YOU! Your a great patriot!
a real one cause she can jam out to with me
Kim Namjoon
Meu
Thankyou so much
Amo demais
Would you come to England?
...
me: sings by heart
Meus iti
So much love
Nosotr@s te amamos!!!
Love this girl more than anything
You're welcome:)
OT9
Eu amo
my sunshine
Hermoso mi Y su gente
Thank you
I think everyone deserves to win the lotto
Lamatss paps God bless!!
Merci
If your daughter born to be a queen who knows she makes the poor guy a king in Krefeld
I my bigs!!!
Friday night lights
Happy birthday to IKON's leader, B.I~
ORA ET LABORA
i posted a photo on Instagram so go show some love (fefe_olliveira)
WOW! Drama New Teaser! Please press on & leave positive comment for our
here u go
OUR SUNDAY DINNER WAS A SUCCESS WE WERE DEEP TODAY IN THE CAFE Have a great week
Hopefully my next boyfriend will have my back and fwm tough in return
Gorgeous
now introducing Drakeo LaRue
Hoco 2k18
sorry!!! Bye
Great pic! seeing your strength and love in all you're doing!
What going through might hurt but God has bigger plans and everything happens for a reason
Love you too u have helped me through so much and ur just the greatest person alive
eu e minhas tchucas
YEEEESSSS HTTR!!!!!!!!
ethan is a amazing person
Thank you cuz
i can't believe it's D-Day!
.
.
.
Sorry feeling very emotional at the moment
Hithank u for your to my tweet again if u mind can we connect each other? kay from japan
Thanks baby
thank you i love u sm
Literally same but with you thank you beautiful!
I love mikhala and her mom
The sexiest man in the world!
worry Orly keep your head up brotha a plan for you always you alone
Happy birthday
you deserve thattt
looks like i'm vidding omg! it's been 2 months since my last upload! i'm happy to be back
These girls can borrow my flannel anytime (30 Photos)
I love being at my mom house these kids are horrible and spoiled but my babies
and RT
Always free girl
The way he speaks about Louis is so heartwarming
So.. we adopted these two fluffs today. They seem to be settling in nicely
finally got to hear your voice after almost 3 months.. i will forever remember this call i love you with my
goodmorning
Edheldisrien now streaming Grand Theft Auto V, go show them some love
Te amoooo loquito (un frio
oH YAS THE POWER OF ARMYS
Penguinmutation now streaming Rocket League, go show them some love
AnamorphicTV now streaming Call of Duty: Black Ops 4, go show them some love
||HQ|| [13102018] BTS Love Yourself World Tour -
nas fotos
Good morning, oh hye long leg
With the awesome, handsome and so fun the opposite of Lex Luthor for sure. So great to finally
Good night SHEEP
Nothing better than clean sheets and a clean house! Plus a nice southern dinner on a Sunday to start off a great week!
And GAME
(@rnbjayr) (@DaRealMICA)
Congratulations to the newly engaged couple!
Hi Zayn, I love you and thank you for blessing us with your existence
Happy birthday you big goof miss you love you, always been the best
Will miss these guys SO much! is an utterly gorgeous person inside and out
Happy birthday Hanbin~
Thank you so much to Stefanie N. Wagner who is another New Friend on Twitter! I hope you enjoy my Tweets
Lovely is a now!
Ingat!!!! Have a niceu day
SUPPORT YOUR P E O P L E
Te amo
Proud of u
Awh I love you!!
Selamat Hari Santri Nasional
You do realise and RT does not equal endorsement right? . I mark
Los Angeles love
On the first episode of I'm so excited! I can't believe I hadn't heard about this show before!!
Kwiet Storm - lights out, candles lit
Thank you for allowing us to LOVE your kids each week!! Sunday is the HIGHLIGHT of our week!!! Your kids are
Queens !!
My harvey
i love you
Seeing my kids love on each other is the greatest to watch
celebration of Carrie turning 62 smoking a joint Rest In Peace queen
small things arent really small & i appreciate those
Anytime here if you need someone
e filho!! e meus amores
Feel like shit just want you back
Pet your like a ur gold girl lol jokes, carmel yes I went again with
thanks boo
RM!!
Feliz mi vida
te amo
uri nampyeon
This makes me ridiculously happy to hear
iwonda if ma baby wuld get me sum to eat
My girl is a gem
much this song for one person
Draaaaanks.
I hope doing okay Marie. Sending positive energy and good vibes your way
top 6 na ang tag
Kisses Delavin
I'm happy to see you happy
Retweet This Fast!!
Follow Everyone
Follow Back!!
Let Gain Together
Gain Big With
It really is!!!
happy bday!!
Day off and I can finally spend a little quality time with my momma
so funny just got finished watching the with my girl &
Wow. Super shots. That was really nice of you
Most special day today
Walked this boy down the aisle for the most intimate and meaningful day of his parents
the sweetest
You look absolutely beautiful
.
BABYGIRL trying to sit up
redangel32
_goddesh
Time to sleep. Goodnight my family, love you all.
Goodnight
Mi amor
Happy married life, O.
~Nothing better than watching U do what U love Bay at the Sunnyvale Cowcase,,,,,,
Hanging with Josh and Casey before their big move. We will miss having them close. feeling happy
Let it go hold back anymore .
film screenings start today.
Amazing person
My heart broke, Christina You think you have it and then you think you know nothing. I will be working harder with him
For all those that want to contribute to the victims of the recent flooding in T&T
Minecraft
so sorry to hear that
Bets te amo, just what i needed you are doing amzing too
So proud of my girl
Love you always :(
RUFUS hitting Melbourne 15/02/2019
Awwwww masha Allah. sis. Yalna si wer top. Longue vie ton bout de chou
Ontem em Sorocaba!
GOODMORNING MEME
O sofia para com isso
eu te amo
Last night was a good time
Blessed to coach this game and these girls
Omg... lol I cant this gif just made me like you even more like a child adorable :3
Huge smooch
Is it possible to blow out the candles and get the anniversary stamp?
The song is so pretty it's going to be in my repeating playlist
I wanna hear anyone bad mouth Dak Prescott after that game. He played his out.
Sen
Scoop Jabba Bowling Green, Maryland
Again, congratsss boo! Super excited for about to come from the youth department I wait!
Ima ass and tiddie lover
Love and miss you so much
pra lembrar
thank u spicy mama
My gf is cuter than your
my gaybie bday today !!! welcome to adulthood the basically same just more responsibilities to ignore
i love my crystal-wifey with hats
Weekend over, good food , music & a drink or two with Ellen in Doolin on the Called to Fr
Goodmorning
I love you
I love you!! Thank you
Im always proud of you teacher
Top 5 na ang tag
Kisses Delavin
You know where I am
Tennessee Apple picking
Happy Day from these people to me.
Your well-being matters. No excuse needed. You can love someone and care about them and not be there.
Love it
Will always remember my mum saying that to me
1 year of eating ice cream with you The Meadows of Ebensburg
Taehyung
Thank you Lord The best ka talaga. Thank you for my everyday
Thanks
i just want you to be happy, and i want you to be the reason
Joel Sprinkle wanted chili tonight... it was my pleasure!
My little man. Cooper.
OH I love their outfits and makeup
welcome, ate! Happy to help make ADNHC happen!
My beautiful friend maui_sunset took this lovely photo of her space with her dreamcatchers. thank you, Mai!
Nunca mais tirar esse brinco
good morning
Happy new week everyone Take a chance on something new this week and live in regret. meant to be
And leave
Every day spent with leya is a great day
Thanks chels i hope you get noticed too!
17 - 20 The Redskins Won They Got Their W . Lls I Know BooCakes In there like but CowBoys Lost
Traveling at 5-8 am is so underrated, especially if you have good music on the radio. Kulang na lang yung coffee
Igual te amo
thanks love
of the day
Hi please this :(
Any plans to visit the UK ?? We you over here and love to meet you one day!
I am the hype queen but all my friends are actually cute af I just love them
I love you the most
What is the gift in this day? Go find it! I dare you!
Comment below if you like it! Follow Us If You Love
Ifb follow me first
What are you happy for in your life?
-
What truly makes you smile?
-
Comment below!
-
There are only 5 days
Congratulations Family so happy for wait until the wedding .
ohhHhh yeaAHH i can't sleep
Hanbin
happy birthday Jake love u brother
mine is definitely Let Me Go!!!!!
Happy birthday to this adorable woman. I love you so much Carrie. Miss you
Hi & friends ~ christine ele tchr from nation ~ tagging &
You have the prettiest eyes ever, believe me I could stair at them all day long all the love for your
i love getting in response to see me i need wow
I this boy so much my world I live without him he makes smile and laugh . I love you my
Yesss, two queens !!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ANGEL
Cool now launch it on console
I love them sm
Rekindled the flame with my best friend
not that innocent
ready for Feb 13th 2019
urbanoutfitters
||HQ|| [19102018] BTS Love Yourself World Tour - Paris
nas fotos
wish u the best
feliz
this is going to be my motto for the rest of my life.
An intellectual and you found the
Win or Lose!
AHAHAHA ADOREI okok Tb gosto muito de ti
a wonderful moment thank you
My
Tiffany by Sarah Han Instagram
As with Yours
Loved playing around with the ring light today
Billie Eilish always gets me in my feels
be your number one supporter
Summer ain't endin'!
Credit Below!
Good Morning
Love The greatest love unconditionally a guppy LOVE THAT LOVE HAPPY SUNDAY UNCLE
Here u go
Good morning
Awie Goodmorning Ate Alex! Lurv yu
nobody without you
So I can remember whenever my birthday is tomorrow hers would be the day before my birthday
Done Ilysm
So much faith in my redskins bruh
Oh non toi
The Best
Like all I have to do is cry and the sweetest
One year down, many more to come Tonto Creek
Up in the Air
OMG THANKS! And you deserve it too and pretty as well
This was a really good weekend
first place baby
PINTER DEH SABLENG Q
Wow, Caleb! I had no idea Caleb was good like that! He got it honest!
You are an obsession
Love
Big personality
This is the cutest thing ever, oooooo my heart
because your presence is intoxicating Queen
Benguet Community Outreach Experience
Sharing the love and blessings...
Itogon, Benguet
I hope all Angels out here had a blessed and peaceful Sunday
Beautiful people create beautiful people! Bless all of you!
yes!!!
I liked a video Fortnite Moments that make you wanna care for and cherish your homies
tbh I've got more friends than I ever thought I'd have
.@STAR1015FM Thank you guys for playing Consequences
Why they? amazing
Happy birthday
Hey , I got a matching tattoo! It was painless
Clemson love brother! I'll follow wherever you go!
a date
Te amo
Traveling in the quiet hours of 5-8 am is so underrated, especially if you have good music on the radio. Kulang na lang yung coffee
We do it out of love babe
Good morning
Corn maze with the family
aw thank you
Thank you for being there for me
Yes. It is
keep telling yourself that honey whatever makes you sleep at night
Thank you so much I appreciate it
TB to the Best Collaboration of them both mennakhalil
Thank you For a Memory that Gonna
Seeing him smile like that was everything
Tonight has to be my favorite moment
I love this sooooo much! I always had such a good relationship with the custodians as a child and I hated that
that was totally worth it :))
Forever and always
You had it! But then, ouch my pain is real (still you)
Thanks lovely!
Who
This pic makes me happy!!
Happy 1st guys!!! Shot na HAHAHAHA
Waldorf Astoria Beverly Hills
I'm so happy for you iman!
know what it is that got me dangerously in love
A true goddess
only natural
Damn
A few months ago I had been stuck at 110 followers for at least 1 and a half years. Now I just reached 200. Wow. Thank you all
simply stunning. You deserve all the happiness in the world
Don't forget to wear red tomorrow to start VLMA's Red Ribbon Week!
Tofferrrr~~~~ Supriseeeeeee~
Happy birthday
15th
Exactly.
Tamer Hosny
Leo Messi
beautiful sunset Sand Key Park
Here u go
prestige.stylez
journeyofgoddess
hazel_reinventing
I love seeing my baby happy doing what he most love to do..
my forever favorite outfit.
PJS!!!!
Anything My favorite this year, I hope you make some more magic next week like you did this past weekend :)
This only proves the love that you all put into this combat system and its animations
When I seen all them RIP post I was hoping that shit was fake man damn
good night eden
That feeling you get when you hug someone and you just don't wanna let go.
Landon said "We should do a dance" lol I think we all know where he stands on this song So happy
Congrats champ
||HQ|| [19102018] BTS Love Yourself World Tour - Paris
nas fotos
15- Evan Peters
not to love
A Star is Born is amazing
I wait to be in New Orleans on Thursday with
Soy fiel
this! Inspirational.
Love this film
"good morning lab. I love you"
Love it
wow my bestie & I are cute
How could they not? A lot of us love you and even met you in person.
Mia san mia
Ass tease in leggings , sucking dildo begging for cum ! Full video in hd
16 years of existence
HERMOSAS FELIZ TE MERECES TODO LO MEJOR DEL MUNDO
Do you like mythology? What mythological creature do you prefer? Pegasus
Honestly. Thank God!!!! Thank you love
Thank you! so sweet i miss you too!
i wanna show him different
Good night, Aly! Love you too
So very sorry for your loss.
So I can remember whenever my birthday is tomorrow hers would be the day before my birthday
Me too
Most beautiful person on earth
Looking great Much love from the international community! We your
This is so gorgeous!
Wonderful Robert. Always in my
I'll always be the one with Juggernog first.
12 MORE HOURS !
Thanks a lot
happy birthday hanbin
thank you for being the best leader to ikon
we love you so much
i love you no tengo
amazing babe
Of course Alan! been rough. Everyone is or is getting sick. Going to be a long week. How are you and yours doing?
My forever crush
Happy birthday Family! Words express how much of an impact made in me love you to the end G
Clear simplicity
Meu casal forever and ever
I Justin Tucker. Total class act and fantastic attitude.
& for more Videos!
Thank you defense. We would have 0 wins without you
A parceirinha de tudo hahah
Mr. Cash again.....Roseanne was a saint.
Fantastic! Thanks for the great giveaway.
Follow if you want to see more content~
Are Hentai Games
these people probably know that these actually help get through the day
Well an obsession but not to love
Thankful for my mom cause she the only one that helps with my kidwe all he got
So sorry for the video not getting put out today guys. I have one coming though. I promise.
Can we all pray for a better weather today? please?
Ta jusko ang hinangos ko na naman hanggang liog. Come home safe.
Ganamos
Do you wanna with me? I online
loveyou
I love EXO, good morning
Thank you it was an awesome show
So proud of you !!
22/10 she is so pretty
I feel so much better out here screaming and jumping sheesh I love watching them lose so much
Nasa now sila Rayver at Thea Tolentino
love is in the air
I noticed!!! Missed ya!
I appreciate you more than words can say
Follow Trick Help Follow Help 394K
ESTES E GANHE SEGUIDORES
THANK YOU
Eu te amo
Sunday night roast and beer while watching nature documentaries
Emotion x Child
fav my lost ones too amen tell person look, god still keeping simple things god in them, those things go
Blessed be, Sister
good morning
have a nice day :)
jangan lupa sarapan yah
happy birthday tatey jo !! love and miss you so much
= Premio al MD
Seguir a:
End: 5 minutos
I got to see a former student play hockey today. They won 7-1, and he made the first goal. I used to be taller
Reply only with polls! have fun learning about each other
Fantastic! Thanks for the great giveaway.
You are so amazing! Thank for existing!
Nothing really matters
Salvador Bahia Brasil
Novo Trabalho Feito
By
For
Team
PEDIDOS ON Chame DM
Naks, alasdoseee Thankyouuu Ma'am Chuchay loveyouuu
The fam
HOLY SHIIIIIIIIII!!!!
I hope so wish you a good health and god bless you
This image describe how amazing it looks in person... Only in New York!!
Basically
Drop A Like
+ Follow and Turn on Post Notifications
my brother got accepted into UT so proud of him
Almost to Houston for the wait to see President Trump Wearing my
Cowboys Fans funny as hell I love
hii , thank you po!! God bless you too!!
self reminder :
you are enough. you matter. you are loved. you have a purpose
for a real ass tbh
ME SIENTO ANSIOSA AYUDA
Que bonito con fin con mis bonitas
You have to have the worst luck in the world!! But everyone still You!!
I just caught my bf whistling Ready to Run
I miss you to honey!!! You got this your doing great. I U
VERDELISS ENTRADO PROMOCIONAR SU CANAL DE YOUTUBE Y SU MARCA DE ROPA
DALE MG SI OPINAS IGUAL
hope he recovers soon!
amazing at taking photos
melo baby!! u cute or wtv!
Yes love it.
That moment when you wanna end everything and just follow your heart
Love that no more long red ties to go with all your big lies !
I'm so happy for you baby, I love youuu
Gotta when this is your seat on a 9 hr flight from MIA to LHR on & the flight attendants AND
my dad has the best advice
View from my hotel room in
Woke lucky up from her nap so she can come get ice cream with me. Who needs friends when you have a dog.
COWGIRLS
Hi I love Taylor so much. okay bye
I want to travel the world with two things on my hands. Camera on my right and HIS hand on my left.
Thanksgiving plans underway wait to touch down in the 205 & see my family.
Since technically this week...
Can I get a role call???
Awwww. Hugs kae!
*King Explosion Murder for bakugou HAHA congrats
Honestly. So proud of everyone
It will
Congrats on 1800 followers ^_^
exactly what he looks like, exactly who you believe him to - Armstrong about Louis
The way she stops him
This video will bring little smile on your face
Fall in Baton Rouge
This angel child that came into my life
Can't wait for Yuzu to show up and save men's figure skating once again
For me it's Thor > Thor: Ragnarok > Thor: The Dark World.
w me??? yea i know
the one.
HA HA sorry ass Cowboys I called it
I feel you, used to be my fav month but this year really tiring. be strong together ok
4 months my everything and then some
they do!! and yes i did :) so happy i went! hope u had fun too!
a mom fighting for you. You are loved. My son began his transition about two years ago and
uma
To why I freaked out today more than some people think I should have...my reasons!
The new International Association of Home Staging Photographers. Great group of people with so much love!
Happy 22nd birthday to my girl thank you for everything you do for me, do life without ya!
Sounds like a great place to spend your days
Kind. Beautiful and lots of drag shows.
Turn your partner crazy for you. Watch this video and discover the benefits for your partner and
If you are experiencing a problem, remember that you are strong, beautiful, valuable and youre NOT alone. Never think otherwise!!
Field trip
Meu bem
Omg this was literally me yesterday I relate so hard doing great hun
Goodmorning. Engot
Family is always important
hey i know im not a rue beauty but it would means a lot to me
Then you will experience peace, which exceeds anything we can understand Westside, Houston, Texas
Nights like these. Yes, we NY. | via Be sure to download our app for your
Oh hell, no. Y'all can't get rid of me that easy.
That episode of was so beautifully written.
La vista de los domingos
In love
congratulations you are the winner! DM US TO CLAIM YOUR GIFT ! Thanks for showing proof
I definitely will
you is so beautiful yes I love you
Aww thank you so much
See you space cowboy
Disney pls
Definitely a win. Well done
I have had days where all I've done is brush my teeth but I try to
Trying to cheer up ! You're sweet
My Sweet Heart Tripoli
Soon as I log back in send it your way
Thank you so much for sharing
Happy birthday dear, may Allah give u a mercy. Xoxo
por favor
Last Fri. was the bday of my sis
Again :( thanks for visiting me pops
we bums. that was luck but take it
Thank you so much Leah
Feliz Dia A Estas Hermosas Mujeress , Que Pasen Un Hermoso Dia Y Sean Siempre Muy Felices
Thankyou so much beautiful
Seriously wanted to kidnap my niece and take her home with me
Igual vc na lan AEHUIEAHAHEAEHUIAE
This hit home for me..Cancer a single battle!! We have to do better for those afflicted
Sleep well, Little Winchester
Wow is all I have to say I got to paint this stunning face
writing a dual POV now and my male MC is the kind sort. refreshing.
I AM SPLENDID! I ME! I CAN be.. Be brave! I have a
Ay thank u so much
What a cutie
Got to see my step grand sons they are getting so big . Thank you for coming to visit us
Thank you
So yesterday I watched And the moment I saw you I fell in love . You're so
So grateful for everyone who came out today & sent their love! Alani is so spoiled already
pra
Who is this sexy man?
Congratulations Cordelia Cole on catching your Bowman You looked Beautiful! to you both!
The best feeling ever is when you drop your toxic baby daddy byeeeeee sucker !
Pra vida toda
Peste friend
Have a beautiful evening Diane
This video is adorable. Love you guys
so far I'm in love
Welcome homie
Yo thanks fam
They are wonderful !! No doubt about it
I mean no disrespect I love calum's white side
Do you like mythology? What mythological creature do you prefer? Griffin
Does this photo have a credit?
Vc
where warm Love is, waiting where open arms is, and welcoming who are lost and weak love
Que bonito fin con mis bonitas
Can you come in please ..
fiz isso bb melhorrr
Ariana looks amazing like and Im sorry but I get over how fucking beautiful Alexa is omfg H2GKMO
have done it without u
Meus
Saba letting his father be apart of his tiny desk is love Lived Out all his dreams for him
Where do you take your favorite person on their birthday? Their favorite restaurant ofc :,)
Happy birthday mom
Congratulations!! so happy for you and
truly no one who deserved it more than you, you will meet him so so soon i promise you
;;;;;;;
alright
I forget you
i have arrived!! genderfluid and pan
The sexiest man in the world!
Happy birthday my beloved hope stay healthy, humble, leader the best, behappy i U so much
honestly thank you. literally your vids make my day
aaa
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Bailee!
I'm so genuinely happy for the zquads whose pic saw and liked and posted!
My little muffin
When I tell you I love you, I don't say it out of habit. I say to remind you, that you are the best thing that ever happened to me
u. gave me a hug , now i gibe u My Heart
Rainha do Caos
Thank you Mary!
Aww thank you!!! He enjoyed entertaining
love you and very proud
Riverside was much needed
Echa un vistazo a Talk Show de Rayito@DebRyanShow
3.0
why you are so handsome :( and i take you.
hi gonna be okay Liz, sending my love your way
Still can't get enough of this.
This is going to be so LIIIIIIIIIIT!
APOIAM ESSE NOVA SKIN QUE EU FIZ ???
SE SIM DEIXA SEU FAV
Nice view. Tell me you finally took the shoes off
Happy birthday for you B.I keep fighting baby
Watching movies with babes mom
Yes
Thank you for asking the important questions.
We love you too
Dont you dare question your beauty
You are the best of the best
Amen Sister K
Spring!
LUVVV TO SEE YOU JIGGLE YOUR SWEEET BIGGGGGG YUMMMMMY AAWSUMMMMMMM JUICY MILKY BOUNCING
good morning
I am soooo excited!!
Through the storm, my peace King Jesus
Nobody is allowed to tell you how to grieve. Much love
Happy birthday baby! I'm glad I got to see you
this! You go girls!!!!!
not letting us down take your time and stress about it too much! we love you regardless
from garu
Not the usual Annaya
You are so amazing! Thanks for existing!
So thankful for you too baby miss you so much !
Blessed
Love my sweet little boy.
stay strong
let's meet again for kibum's solo concerts
Love youuu
Happy bday love hope your day was as great as you are
Ainda tempo de votar
Votarei Em Scarlett
Taho and suman for breakfast
My favourite ever story! A true gem, if you haven't read it
The more I focus on my grass the more it gets greener! be distracted please
thanks love
To my Hanbinnie, my quail.
Kim Hanbin. my fave leader next to Jiyong. that's why YG said IKON is
Shoutout to everyone that came to my audition and supported me I every single last one of y'all
Short stream but its whatev, more soon my dudes. Love y'all
I love you
cutie thankyou miss
thanks noor i hope you get noticed as well
RIP fort. You will be missed.
Gracias por todo
by Atul Gawande is such a great book
I love you so much Your an inspiration
morning
Love you too darling. Always.
Aw.... that's such a sweet thing to say
Having my mom gone for the whole week stresses me out so much.. I need you momma
Still love you
[official_izone] 181021 What IZ your color?
We expressed our feelings toward everyone
Until that day we will
Yes, yes it is
TODOS
the hate u give was sooo good omg, please go see it! hype this movie up because it so, so deserves it.
We HR! This is what passion looks like on a Sunday afternoon.
omg, your national anthem today was...
fofas
~ bia
Just looking out for your fellow competitors!!!
Just got paid Friday, getting paid again on Monday
For
Tema: [Nenhum]
De:
Para:
&
Love this sm
These parents are amazing!! They had banners made for the girls as well during senior night and gave us the
fourteen year anniversary!
You a real one! And text me as soon as you land
Tail as old as time,
Bark as old as rhyme...
Beauty found her Beast
Com a fiel
Men are awful. Loads of love to you
Why we live the life we live Denver, Colorado
thank you sm honey
A little duct tape for the ladies....
Relisted! Keep Calm and Play Neopets 2.25" Pinback Button:
o meu amor amor mais antigo
You exist. You are loved. No one can erase the people who have the courage to live their lives in the face of
goodmorning
Thank you my Sweetie
Saat 02.37 ve ben izliyorum
losing it! Be the blue mob and f them! Vote BLUE! From with
Thank you Thank you Thank you, France love you, Paris love you, ARMYs love you, I love you BTS ~
when my momma not stressing that shit do something to my spirit
Dmr
Being up, at this time when the world is silent. Fav
Shoutout to for getting me my access code over night when I was supposed to get it 7 weeks ago
holy shit fredo. bout time
Are you not?! Oh baby the first episode with Jodie gave me CHILLZZZZ. in love with it again like I was with Tennant
Muito amor por essa foto
Added
Proud of u wait!
Congratulations may Allah swt always keep you happy and blessed
GOOD MORNING!!! THANK YOU LORD!!!
Feliz y orgullosa de mi Boy Band PENTAGON
We love your boss too
Good Morning PussyOfTheDay
God really is amazing, and his plans never cease to amaze me
MISS YOU TOO MY SWEET BEAUTIFUL FRIEND OFTEN TIMES I SIT N IMAGINE THAT YOU ARE WITH ME
You are so welcome love
Obg
CUTE
Focusing on myself
Yes, little dog. Yes...
. Kim Taehyung
Lol thanks so much for your support friend. I know you ten toes behind KingVille
Which one is your fave?
.
Also hiiii alive!!! Sorry for the recent inactivity - been in China for
HOW THE FUCK DO I THANK AJ FOR THIS FRIENDSHIP
- Without me? The audacity!
Hope you have fun jamming to them though remember to drink plenty
A meme I made for our beloved Marshmallow, Nancy.
bro u look like an almighty wizard
Yoga pants so tight they look painted on (35 Photos)
High reel!! No THANK YOU for such a great experience
please
I wan somebody to go all out for me get shirts and have me Gatorade before the game and cute lo motivation messages clutch
RED
vs
vs
Oklahoma still loves
you are my other half
first-timers
We met a lot of them yesterday and reminded each that just talking to
Sdds amor
Q bello gracias
Thanks to David We got to play this ancient treasure tonight
thank you ms. Care
It is important to feel the weight of both, I think.
I you and I hope you know that you're never
Valentine
This year you're mine xwaled83x!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
I swear i've never been so in love in so little time
certo! valeuuu
rip janitor you will be remembered
My greatest blessing
Que huevos de Tommy Shelby
Always find myself listening to these slowed down male versions of songs.
Love you Talon
I already have your notis on
After my baby showered last night he grabbed me and danced with me to our song my heart melts..
My greatest blessing
This is our baby Ash Ketchum
This child is so loved already
Many people is waiting for you
Same my baby
Muted
owww just sat in my hotel bed thinking about how much am missing me lil doggies my whole heart
klaroline
delena, bonenzo, haylijah, freelin, e kolvina
Well done girls keep up the good work
Can't wait to see the new football kit
you
Gotcha
miss you lots b thank you!! doing great as well :)
We're with you Rob. We're all so sorry for your loss. Please don't hesitate to reach out.
Thank you! is absolutely right!
oh my god ! You and your girlfriend our goals I love you
Also thank you to for the train ride home. Absolute steamers
Good Morning Sunshine
Happyy Birthday Kisses learn a lot from you po
Your feelings are valid. You are so worth it. We will gladly speak up and stand by those who need us.
thankyou bebsicakes
Ingat po lagi and God bless
the hate u give was sooo good omg, please go see it! hype this movie up because it so, so deserves it.
Hi everyone Fully active
Follow me
Like This Tweet
Retweet this tweet
I'll follow back
Hermoso homenaje a mi hermano!!
Te amo
New Music Demons
New pic of Dakota at the Event in Denver (Via
I can love you because I love me
Even tho eating thanksgiving food a month early here for it
~Always Speak the Truth Even if Your Voice Shakes~ Talala, Oklahoma
Home sweet home
Yes, little dog. Yes...
Follow follow Everyone who Likes this
All you see is SU love
thank youu sister !!
praying for you liz
Standing with you
Happy birthday to my child and step son ;)) wish I lose all my photos so I could post some of u but ily homie
My tweets are mostly in parables by one day reveal all
[FANCAM] 21.10.18 - Seungyoon fazendo um cover de My Everything da Ariana Grande durante o show em Bangkok
So true! I think why I was drawn to those words.
Halo kamu, semangat ya!
Amores
gracias man!
fingers crossed! These would make an amazing early Swiftmas gift!
Thanks for appreciating the work I do. It means so much to me!
Sis play with my emotions cause now planning for the wedding and babies. We Lewnika
Today we try again. Good morning!
Are your cheeks sore? You're amazing
what about my boys !!!! forever a REDSKINS FAN TIL I DIE
The looking hella good tonight
My thoughts and prayers are definitely going out to you and your loved ones
yeth pleathe
. Beto Declines To Answer Trump Attacks With
very clever like you chasers o think as well x
Olivia trying to feed her froggy her bottle.
Knew you could do it
I think I found my new obsession & all thanks to Gerald wait for the world to stop
Okay Twitterverse, be going away for a little bit. Gonna suck but something I gotta do. miss while gone.
Look at West going viral congrats again
here's him starting the chant!
Goodness, blessed
your welcome
Cuteeeeeee
Kevin Gates- Find You Again my favorite song right now
Oh my!!!!! Prayers that all will be recovered soon! & for strength for you! Thank You for
thank you, jinki it's gonna be a good day!
2 aninhos q a ficava loira
Thank you Chriss
a hacer un banner con todos los fanArts de ustedes
i love you with my whole heart regs! thank you for everything
I think anyone understands how much love my heart is filled with today.
GONGCHANIDA
TIGGERCHANIDA
Love
Big hugs coming your way
Happy Birthday po
all in the from a child.. in broadcast: Part 2
I completely agree
. hii almost 1AM here in the UK so if I could wake up to a birthday wish from you that would be amazing
Nada amor
perfectly acceptable to be drinking rose watching SATC2 at this hour right?
East dallas so I ain't surprised
God so madly in love with bae words express it. Through ups and downs, here we are
Happy Birthday our kim hanbin you'll always be my main! ily
Nothing tastes better than your misery
Maybe not you I forget you love to get loved on
GL man
One thing I regret
Is that we got married OUR way.
It was 100% us.
playing grandma and grandpas favorite songs during this road trip is the only way to do it right
Thanks be!!!
Just melted into a puddle of awwwwwwwwwwww
Nothing tastes better than your misery
That first drop
Melhor companhia
Real
SKIN BEAUTIKA products spotted in JAPAN .
Clarisse Marie Tero Literato
all these!!!
Mesmo show
Mesma pessoa
Jessica Jung
Give thanks
Once again bringing nothing but happiness and positivity to California with me
Aww, that means a lot, thank you
Game of Thrones
dear trans friends , out or not.
you ARE valid. we will continue to fight for your rights. stay strong, i
I give you a 10 though. hope your Sunday is as dope as you.
Wow! Beautiful & heroic!
thanking the Lord for today
We should do this together
ilysm2
Goodnight, baby
I love you
Adorable indeed.
Got to see the win live!!!!! gooooo!!!!!!! ty Cassie
I bats so much!! not just because I Halloween either. The sweet Little Brown Bats that live in my
Gracias
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KYLE!
Commission for
Thank you so much
happy birthday
I these ladies!!!
Rosie
My favourite ever story! A true gem, if you haven't read it
Aww of course he is
Ice cream looks nice too
Goddess
WALANG MAG MUMOVE ON!!!!!! AHAHAHA SHET KAKAIBA KA TALAGA KING OF THE GIL
lizquen_mv
My Smart ForTwo MHD
cousin love
TO BE KILLED 10/22/18
As gentle and sweet as can be ~ Pink is a shy flower. Lovely Pink is a wam, loving
Happy Bornday to my nephew Kiyan
No matter how aggy you boys get, always love you and be here for you
denada
New Britain, Connecticut
Good looking crew!
Thank you for coming, going to miss you
That's actually a smart loophole!
I appreciate your mercy though!
Tony. (Heeheehee a little sh$t, but I love him to bits)
My baby is a freaking badass that is super freaking handsome with that nice bull yay
Summer ain't done, darlin!
Credit Below.
:')
Only the crazies wouldn't choose Attaway
THIS!!
literally my girl
Y yo a vos Shan
Thanks! Too bad I don't live close to a Kmart.
Congrats, Warrior Band! Love y'all!
plz follow her
Always and forever mntase
so glad I got to run into today
And processing power, which I am looooooving
Lol goodnight my love
i the
Cristal
Be strong my darling. You can do this.
Thank you
Meu grande amor
Date with Me at
first time lesbian japanese mom old young quickest fuck
celestehausofbeauty Honteyyyyyy How is the Sun kissing my face in the dark Your hands need to be
Kelvin & Domonique is really my heart I sware they really motivate the fuck outta me they push me way harder
you are the reason I believe that love is real
2 are already amazing, worry
Only love.
I never like someone this much
If you are experiencing a problem, remember that you are strong, beautiful, valuable and you're NOT alone. Never think otherwise!!
The small light at the end of the tunnel this weekend has really been seeing how our people are coming together to help each other.
get you a man who treats you as well as MMI
Why my love?
Not only are you beautiful on the outside you are beautiful on the inside
So deserving!! We you Mrs. Standard!
The lovely Jackie Croft.
thank you so much
Goooooood Morning Australia friends Here is a new video I uploaded last night if you already seen it!
thank you sweets!
Thankyou banda!! You deserved to get noticed!
get married next weekend then pull up
Everyone you meet is fighting a battle you know nothing about
Be kind
open to the public! Bring them!
You will i pray for you ure gonna be my source of mc hahahaha
I love you to the moon and back
We love EXO.
still drooling over Chanyeol and Kai ugh my hubbies
Krl ela tem twitter hshshs ai mds
100 rt and and I'll show what's under the bar
Me neither, my goddess.
enjoying your show tonight! Love to get a pic with you!
Maybe 8 will cure your depression keep trying love, youre a shining stone of malachite in an ocean of pebbles
oh fuck yuh this is great !!! Keep at it
Good
pm nalang !! sml luv u bantot
My album is hereeeee
Finally!
Thank you so much for everything!! It was the best time ever You are the best!!!
TO BE KILLED 10/22/18
As gentle and sweet as can be ~ Pink is a shy flower. Lovely Pink is a wam, loving
More reasons to smile.
Happy Happy Birthday to this One and Only KIM HANBIN!
We wish you all the best- health, carrer, life!
and RT
Last nights performance was amazing it was definitely a team effort
thanks for staying otp w me
Many people come into your life but only the true ones will always stay.
Lucky person. I would really wanna win next time
Ur actually a young lady ....My heart cant take it !!!!!!! Lol
goodmorning
Just got to listen to this now! Damn guys, you are amazing!!
Aw lush I realise you were engaged
Thank you....
It does. I love it
Thank you so so much
Thankyou
Thanks Adela!
Love those dolphins !!!
Save Flipper
Her boobs
Awww.. *Group Hugs Fam*
anything for you
such a turn on , you remembering what I loved the most
16- Chris Evans
good morning to that moment last night
DF Sweater Disponible Worldwide Shipping
Dale like Etiqueta a un amigo
Ingresa a Nuestra tienda online
Brazil love you Chris
Yes, but know he's not coming out now, whatever still never giving up on him, I just need to do more
Awww it was mostly sarcasm but thank you so much for the support!!
We our JV program! They crushed it at competition. We cannot wait to see them compete again next week
.
.
.
0212508171
Gtbank
Bless a Young man today
Thanks
Changed back to night mode! Love it
awwwwt obg
I you more than I naps and the chicken nugget video :)
Awesome! Way to go girls! So proud! Former students!
Keep those people that fill those empty parts of your heart
thankyou !
Sangue meu
thank you
FaceTime from my girl cause she got 3rd place in the State Tournament this weekend
Np! I hope they find something, I sent what I could
Me and
I think this should definitely be a thing. First books should be
Great day so happy I went
We made the highlight reel?!? No THANK YOU for such a great experience! You made this the best
Blonde beer with hints of caramel and toasted malt
Get it in before we get
I know we close and I know this sucks, but get through this. Just take it one day at a time
Letter
So... Dr. Tavakoli has the breast job ever (35 Photos)
are for the grand parents
Go
I love you
Ima give him all I got
well doing AMAZING and ily with all my heart
Tan real
pegueii
I missed Community Day, but Justin has me covered.
meu presente de 2018!!
so rad! thank you for always giving your love and support
Love this commercial!
This week will be a great week. I'm claiming it
Sunday school has been a blessing to me...esp. since been back from Apia
My fave supporting my fave
This restores my faith in humanity
Thanks friend, love you lots
TO BE KILLED 10/22/18
As gentle and sweet as can be ~ Pink is a shy flower. Lovely Pink is a wam, loving
Tiara Princess
Kalispell w my love
Come on cousin, we can. I miss you we need to get back close
Wow, a queen! Idk you but you look GREAT!
Wowwww! thanks for sharing, bro !
So blessed to have reached another year of life. So thankful. Everyday is beautiful
te amo
wow literally zayn saw all of my mutuals babies you deserve it i love u zayn is blessed wow congratulations theres so many of u
Baby Snow Leopard: you my dad? I you with my little baby snow leopard heart. I must lick
God just continues to bless me over and over
Yes she has a good life
On fire
Thanks Dani! We think you're an even cooler cat making something pretty damn rad yourself! (@CBC 's
from the.pinklemonade - Comment love in your language by via
This is so sweet
Gerando amor.
Milli thank you
I love you!
(resubido)
Te amo... Buenas noches
Isso
Permita-se
praying for you
my TEXANS!!
HAPPY
Libby & Rodgers welcome Lou & Moo
THANK YOU
SO MUCH
DUTCHSINSE
Welcome home
Happy birthday to the sweetest bohemian in all of the land
A BAILAR
Llego a los 45 MILLONES
FELICIDADES
im sad toooo ahhh i loved your mvs!!! thanks for making them
Love to me means that someone appreciates you for you and cares about you
Book!Hagrid immediately recognizing Harry unlike Hagrid in the movies also way of talking is another
Thank you
ur lashes are fucking blessed u spooky lil cupcake
Something Very Hot About Busty Girls
OK.. Thank you
at with My Beautiful Wife and awesome friends gravescommabryan
Night, Mom!
3 anos e 4 meses com ele
Yeay! So happy you guys are seeing it this week! wait to hear about your experience.
Morgan-Howard Love
Ho! Gracias
Minhas meninas
I got to know it 2 years ago but still
Ahhh i'm cryyy now you're guys the best friend for hanbin happy birthday one more time for
Don't! We need kayla in the world.
Love will find a way
Ntn matters to me cause I know where going you can come if you want to.
lol no one did. thank you
I think you're awesome. I really do.
Honestly can't wait to play. Good luck for release
Happy 12th Birthday in heaven Puppy Lucy. We agree, Izzy is annoying, still She misses you as much as we do.
De FB ustedes!
I when niggas do this to me
I Halloween and I for hostin A LOVELY SPoOkY night with my fam
Well remembered! That must be 12 years ago! Tim Hero
please like or say something it would make my day
are family & we love you. Always. Zero tolerance for bullshit in the community.
Want one
Santa knows the greatest gift is the gift of giving back Santa Baby is partnering with Toys For Tots and
You rock Heartfelt thanks for the amazing conversations about at events!
Happy Birthday from one Mamie to another!! Happy Birthday Mamie from Mamie
oh Monday
We UCF students!! With proof of your student ID, UCF students get 13% off of their next consult, this week only!
"What are you looking at?"
and r.t
hope okay!!
Good night sweet dreams My lovely twitter Friends stay safe and take care of yourselves
Awww you're welcome! Stay pretty
shit , how beautiful she is !!
Happy birthday my sweetheart, I wish you a new year full of
Thanks. I love you
This weekend has been soooo busy but so wonderful.
It hit when you least expect it trust me. be patient so worth the wait.
Something Jesus is growing inside of me in this season...
Believe what He whispers to me, and speak it out loud with boldness.
omggg!!! Its not just a bag, Its prada!!! white chicks
Uy may story ulit si crush
Love you too
I LOVE this
Honestly!!! 4 years older than me but I think of him as a son he needs to be protected
Cute
I can only imagine what this conversation was. my number 58!
wait to see my fav on vh1 tomorrow
Claro!!
New iPhone X max
A little fishing and a bald eagle perfect end to a beautiful family day
That chorus part hit me HARD. And I still recovered yet.
You two are so great
this shot of me and Don Godwin (on marching trombone) at my record release show 10/12/18 at the Dew Drop Inn
Ameen brother
Preciate it
God works in mysterious ways
Double Tap
RT = ROYALE BOMBER CODE
3 WINNERS LEFT
FOLLOW &
Good morning Have a great day ahead!
DM or WS 0122902637/0172690717 to place your order
Cruising the Fort, looking for my peeps
Will be spending the day at Kwantlen University College at their
Bless your heart!
~
GifsAnime_
I WANT A REAL LOVE
Absolutely! Lovely weather.
Booked tickets for Christmas
happy birth to you
My opinion..
S = 5th album with 9 member (9 o'clock)
"Speed loving bikers enter the fragment of frozen time as
happy 18th
Happy Birthday B.I my loves
Thank you!
Some pictures from the Scenic train ride
Com os meus amores
Baseball JB
The best song ever
by on
Floor Jansen
My fall day today cold wind n those clouds .... beautiful
Radioactive
mami & I when we were young
Cauliflower delight Rawtopia
still true today pal
Esses dois
Special night this. Everyone in the away end was convinced McArdle had bagged this goal though
+2
Beautiful. Mahalo for sharing
Of course!!
I still love still the best in the nfl hands down.
Just got to listen to this now! Damn guys, you are amazing!!
Thanks
got such an adorable smile
so excited because i know Miss Indiana USA 2019! so happy for miss Tate Fritchley
Single
UCR game
Cartagines clean Sheet NO
odds 2.00
Hit & when Bet
Today was the best day with family and I have asked for anything better
I Paramount 2019
32 aninhos do meu baby
tata and cooky cushions, soon
our sponsors!!! 25 and counting! Get your teams of 3 registered
You are a very special man
This lady was an absolute gem
aye i love every one of you
Jay get on my lasttt nerve but the best uncle full set , pedicure , and lashes DONE
that was emosh loved hearing all the old tunes! What a send off gonna go cry now LOVE U GUYS
Grateful for the women in my life. Love you mom, happy birthday
Thank you
My was so full from the list the made this week! I have to admit that I think the Owls are amazing as well!
How can I heal from all this pain when constantly hurting LLR
A bit shameless but I'm trying to grow my ig and I'd rly appreciate if y'all went and followed me there it
Aquela cacheada
LOVE IT HEART
Wow looking back at my middle school yearbooks makes me kinda sad because there were so many people who wrote I
Na boa
sorry about Oli I know it sucks losing pet/best friend much love to you guys
My man.
they grow up so fast
Meu Lucc
I am just so happy. This is amazing. How beautiful my love. Welcome, darling
Yessss!!! Thrilled to meet you IRL!!! I twitter &
How i feel about my skincare products
WE HAVE DRAWN OUR WINNER!!! Stay tuned for the video of the pick!
And we love you
I'll be back soon my honey bee x we got this I love you!!
Fashooo
okay love ur layout looks cute uwu
made all from scratch-beans, salsa, tortillas and rice. Made with
"co-creation of values"!
The little cottage that inspires me, is so peaceful... The birds the butterflies the bags just magical
All the best to you too
Your levels of pettiness...
Just as he should
Chef JJY is back!! He can promote his new restaurant in Paris while filming 2D1N
The most eligible bachelor in
MY FIRST BAND ACC NOTICE AHHHH THEY LIKED THIS
i looo foward to making you smile
Happy birthday cachen !
wait for paul to hug this beauty
Free Money
Goodmorning
OMG!!! Ni like mo idol thank you Sir! Please continue to make quality music! forever be a fan of the only king of RnB!
onlyrippedgirls:
Fernanda Download high quality pic here Follow, Like and
my ride or die baby
Meu bixinho
Minha base
Fit Girls 2018-10-21 18:50:37 Download high quality pic here Follow, Like and Retweet!
Hot & Fit Girls 2018-10-21 19:30:39 Download high quality pic here Follow, Like and
onlyrippedgirls:
Stephanie Sanzo Download high quality pic here Follow, Like and
Hot & Fit Girls 2018-10-21 20:30:39 Download high quality pic here Follow, Like and
Liga bb
Sorry baby :(
get to dancing to some jams as soon as back
Plenty love
Chill fit$ (girl edition ) 2018-10-21 21:00:25 Download high quality pic here Follow,
when I have bad/good days ur tweets, ur music and just u makes my days better. I you
Hot & Fit Girls 2018-10-21 21:31:02 Download high quality pic here Follow, Like and
You have the brightest and most beautiful simle of all time. Awwww thank you so much :')
very late in posting this... but LOOK WHAT I GOT!!!!
onlyrippedgirls:
Bru Luccas Download high quality pic here Follow, Like and Retweet!
your welcome
muchas gracias
Mano
2test 1 quiz May Allah ease everything
thank you so much
EU AMO UM HOMEM AAAAA QUE SAUDADES
Thanks love I did I love you too
two of my fav things on one pumpkin
prayers to the caso fam, in shock.
Hi
If someone asked you to name everything you love how long would it take you to name yourself
Foi sim hahaha
Honestly I think be raving after Escape. dedicating myself back to traveling again
Making crumble coffee cake for the guys
TONIGHT!!! Yes.
Evvvvv!! I miss you and love you
You can talk to me whenever you want sweet I will listen and help in any way I can
Im in with this guy
Stratford, Ontario
Just because someone compliments you or gives you attention doesn't mean they're happy for you.
You drive me crazy but you scratch my back so okay
Jim
I am so happy for her. She must be feeling so good.
i want another singing song from my babe they purify me everytime
Literally I needed to read this beautifully written
You give me love you keep right on giving Fill me up with the joy of living
I love you cousin
My Smart ForTwo MHD
night changes
G! thank you!
Y'all are the best and some of us actually appreciate the hard work
you! you deserve to be bothered at all.
What a beautiful thing to say
thank you girly! Miss you
Warren and Bailey Their love is everything.
Meus amores
Phosphorus pentafluoride methacryloyl chloride is merovingian.
Always
Te amo
Currently on set: Monroe, and Anne-Marie!
More to come!!!
Goodmorning
Family is everything we spent the day at Shady Brook Farms, went pumpkin picking, rode in a monster truck, fed
my friend recommend then i found them on my own lmao but thank you honey i love you
+ m) = 0
I really even know what I would do without my mom
I just discovered littlearthlings
and I it! Go check out their fantastic messages.
.
littlearthlings
Eu tenho o follow Dele
I need a new album your Adele, i miss you
Happy birthday walwal enjoy ur day lovelots
Thank you Xan! Seeing you always brings a smile to my face!
Minhas melhores companhias, sempre!!!
The Genius Toolkit: Treat Your Blog Like a Business!
Come pop in if you want my link in my bio thanks for the opportunity
I fuck wit you for life Molly I love you
Mrs.Bailey is the best she made my night for sure :))
Em dose dupla..
Nem fala nesse neguin
Kev , always makes me smile
Half a heart
Happy bday, baby
I forgive you
Goodluck fighting, bb!
Muchas gracias unidas siempre
A beautiful, joyous and historic day.
TE ADOROOOOOO INMENSO
is now live
Morning , Cloud
D-5
my boys Reliving old times.... So proud of you boys..... All the way now!!
Yesung's so intimidated djskso baby
I liked a video Family Cage Uk
"Genesis", de Justice.
A cute little bunny and a pug in one? I definitely love it
chata mais eu amo
Thank you for your service
Hugggggggs, lady. the way it seems to go. in the home stretch now!
If you have a flat tummy doing amazing
I thank GOD so much without him I am NOTHING.
Galaxy Skin Account Giveaway [NFA]
How to Enter:
> Tag a Friend
> RT & Like This Tweet
> Enter through
Downloaded the whole star is born soundtrack
Sis, thank you! Love you!
Oh my goodness I teared up reading this You are so strong
I don't know if you're there yet or not, but safe travels to LA.
My Ally is the best... love her and her amazing personality!!!!
i know it like the back of my
Music &
so happy for you cfjkcdvnjhffvnn all the ones that have been picked deserve it so much
It was such a pleasure working with this amazing Legend
:
You know I had to show you KING!! King Sola
Love and thank you !
Your players showed amazing character on Friday night! Our band your band!
WE LOVE YOU MY KING
Always that.
ben feeds me the most perfect sized bites of ice cream
Thank you, love and miss you truly the best roomie
Same observation.
Awesome!!! our
this is what i love to see
Can anyone please help? Thank you
you more. Beautiful picture of you both. Ms.Angela.
thanks for being awesome an amazing person.
SquirtDreamTeam, Thanks for the follow and please feel free to RT and our pictures.
Stand By Me de Ben E. King
Love you too
if i had millions of choices still choose you. iloveyou
HEY CUTIES DM ME 4 NUDES !!
Sorria, um sorriso muda o mundo
Thank you! Love and miss
He is too precious
Saludos, TQM
Feliz a ser hermoso! te amo lindo
Had a blast today at the leafs gaming day event, huge thanks to for the invite
terrible at guessing CONGRATS ACE FAMILY
beret
Much love to you too and yes we will meet the boys one day!!
Siempre mis personas favoritas
Missing both of them a little extra today
He is so freaking cute
Happy birthday gorgeous! Love you cousin
There he is
Love to you Mia! . I hate MI and what it has done to our beautiful sons, and many others. I will never give
Exactly! Thanks
Congratulations! You looked beautiful
Will never Give up and never tired of winning !! MAGA!!
>3< UwU thanks hehe he likes you too hehe
If you are rich but travel too much to have a dog, give me your money and I will save and love a dog for you
Aw super gay, love
not had such a laugh in a long time
Are you part Irish Hilario? the only place heard on
Ily
Enjoy my cuties!!
Sometimes you need to let God work on someone else and then everything will fall into place.
Miss my baby swear to God
Goodluuuckkk and Godbless USI Prove to them that still best
Amazing job man wait to see you on the big screen
not just a pet to but a Family Meet our baby Love, Duke
After someone almost crashing into us, super thankful me and my boyfriend made it back home safe
Ob God he is so freaking good looking!!
London makes me so happy
Eso es
JUNTOS .
PURR
My body trembles
in your sweet essences
I'm undone
I surrender eternally
to moist desires. Purr
Morning have a nice day
I have the best dads ever love y'all so much ryan dont stay up because you'll wake up later lol
Cauliflower delight Rawtopia
Yasss!
May Michael Havens Rest In Peace
paki bati sila Felipe, Pedro, Juan and to all the rushers. Salamat po
GO UOLTER GO
YOU ROCK
Proud of you!!!!! Congrats nick
I love you Mr. Zhang
Thank you for the random love. I love you back
crying
Thank you very much it means a lot
Thank you! and I miss you too!
Honestly!!!! 4 years older than me but me and my sister see him as our child he needs to be protected
wearing my bracelet in this
Hey sis
Wow Joy Hurd you sis
The emotional battle between Grey & Beth & within Grey himself was wonderful."
Read a Steamy Excerpt
A friend filled weekend
Sending all my love to her and you hope she gets better
Market Cap: $209,397,036,972
BTC Dominance: 53.66%
BTC: $6483.71658992
ETH: 0.03165898 BTC
XRP:
Hoping everyone has a amazing Sunday! Sending good vibes and appreciation to everyone
i love you too
So simple yet so helpful haha. Thank you though!
BABY
So lucky have so much fun tomorrow
I miss you and I even know you yet
This is a beautiful story from the ugliness of that time
Os mais lindos
That is a long time ! And thank you I hope you get to see him too
Hoy fue un gran
I must find this magical little stair! (I want to hug a panda so bad. Haha)
You look younger TBH still look beautiful
hahhaaa ye bohat boht bohat sweet ha ..,.acha tu hasta b ha
AAA
I love you
\
this.
Obrigada meu Deus!
My Baby Birthday Tomorrow
Promise that you'll stay with me forever.
just landed in cebu
it deserved more but it's okay your album is dope!!!
thanks beautiful
Galaxy Skin Account Giveaway [NFA]
How to Enter:
> Tag a Friend
> RT & Like This Tweet
> Enter through
Morning! xx
Greatest showman soundtrack will never get old
No one else gets it
Motivo do meu estresse
Zayn please check me out, I love you so much
Av Paulista
Goodmorning!
family is everything
marks a year today we had hella fun
DOG EP7 OF CARBO RADIO IN 15. PLEASE LISTEN THIS EPISODE MEANS SO MUCH TO ME. LINK INI BIO.
I know him
I can't believe the Fairy Godmother dedicated her final performance to me. I am a Hero.
you kno you wanna do it
like , Comment and tag friends Follow: _ufcnews_ Credit: ufc days.
Te amo
I got my eyes on you
Loving these new images of Miss Jackie Croft
Base
bought me this forever ago
alum
Matei a sdds do meu
Bridges, towers, animal houses and finding out tape makes everything stick! Never a dull day in Kinderland!
"You so sexy to me"
bonne nuit lysm
ABOVE THE CLOUDS. Life is gonna give you hurdles. How are you gonna respond? Go Big.
I mean.. you know and will do.
Dinner.
Domingou, da melhor forma !
Watching Halloween and sipping Tennessee Cider with my baby
Never been so happy for something or someone in my life im so proud of you
Love you so much sis! Thankful for you my fellow Libra sister +
(MY RHYME) in the kitchen, up some trouble. Better get to and do it on the double.
the Lord has been blessing me with everything good lately.. I refuse to turn a blind eye to that
HAPPY 18th Monthsary FAM!!!! I love you guys with the love of the Lord
How can I get my hearts to look like this...see look at mine and look at hers lmao
Good to hear bro!
I was soooooo happy when I heard the news. Fav couple
KING!!!! Love u!!! Ur so valid and important baby never forget the support u got we see u
working on it tho!! Turning that stress & mental issues into something beautiful
My brother forever
hey sweetie, we will support you, you were born to do this a star and I hope you know that
Np:) much love you are super talented
Good morning
Yesterdate
IM ONLY TWO AND ID LIKE TO SHARE MY LIFE
EXTREMELY URGENT PLEASE RT
still inlove with this fact
And this still amazes me every single time
Thank you so much for that
thank you
I vote for Most Outstanding Female TV Personality and
Most Outstanding Celebrity
It was a great week in TV when I see you on Daredevil n Patton on Crazy Ex Girlfriend doing a musical number!
forget Red Ribbon Week Thanks for making each day meaningful!
We love you & will protect you no matter what happens, always. ever forget that
Heal me, heal me
work in
My Little Pony AS CELEBRITIES 2018 DISCOVERY KIDS
I added a video to a playlist My Little Pony AS CELEBRITIES 2018 DISCOVERY KIDS
MY State
I hate seeing my mom like this.. shit hurts. God please
I am actually crying over this episode. Good job to everyone involved
are mine. Only
Happy birthday, my talented child. Momma will always be proud of you. Keep it up.
SKULL TROOPER
x1 Semistacked Skull Trooper
To enter:
Retweet
Like
Follow
chr oyyy memeeeng staystongyyy sa inyo ngeeet
Our general.
Imagem do dia.
If you have added your name, please follow back. too many are not.
Stunning as ever Piper
Morning
Your so Beautiful Will this be your first child
Really glad ok and and being incredible now doing amazing, I wish you all the best for now and the future!
We had a lil fun today I love my boy man
Snapchat - BlushSnaps
I love you! And so proud of you! I wait to finally meet u next year!
LUVVV TO SEE YOU DANCE AND JIGGLE YOUR SWEEET BIGGGGGG YUMMMMMY AAWSUMMMMMMM JUICY MILKY BOUNCING
Awww jooooooo I love you
Oh my word I missed California
Smh every song yo
I top that!
Oh the feels. This was my favourite opening
ugh so cute too ! I love you !
Kno its real wen ima take care lil mama and you aswell boo
So proud of them both
I miss you too my friend!
Jorja Smith
I got you b! I made dua for you if it is!
THATS MY BEST FRIEND!!
Just invite me to the baby shower.
Totally unrelated... your icon is the best.
Big Huuuuugs
Have that shit too
best te amo
Because orcas are special in that way.
They are naturally strong, but needs a lot of mothers Love
Can you blame them?
The baddest
LOVE that movie
this! Great way to assist ourselves & others to set self-care goals in all domains. What can we do to take care
a local said that women who wear lingerie as everyday attire respect themselves so fuck respect
stop ur gonna make me cry the sweetest
Finishing up this assignment and going to bed with my little one
Holy shit!
Good morning
Psssh I'm giving credit to that Indigeneity We pretty.
Shawn Tiara
This is the first song produced by myself show some love n listen
Give my Boston sista a smooch for me!!! miss out on this gem!!!
Zayn, you are loved. Please remember that, I am so proud of ya.
Cachos
I can feel God working in my life
Que
VC QUER ME INFARTA .
RESPONDE
Beaches Turks & Caicos
Mannn.... where tf has Jordan Sparks been?! Sis looks good tho
Such a great eve!
Los amo
Thank you
It was a great afternoon
technically single but my is taken by someone I call my own... haha!
Love it!
Included na gyud tawn si Lay finally I'm so happy
& tonight
this is the sweetest thank you so much ily
as much as me and jade joke about got mega love for the lassie. U got this girl
I would if I could!
SKULL TROOPER
x1 Semistacked Skull Trooper
To enter:
Retweet
Like
Follow
I resist. I purchased this beauty today
I just told someone you're my crush,they were surprised but why were they surprised
You're welcome tabbysis Luvs you
believe getting close to a year since had this pup. I love her so much.
Mamsh!!!!
Niss via /r/Hotchickswithtattoos
If you walk a mile in my shoes, you'll end up in a wine bar.
te amo
aww you both are so cute
You a real one
Listen to 02.Wahashtiny by - 2004 on
Happy to say I've been supporting you since the beginning. So happy to see you prosper.
my favourite yee haws
Nanit
Mmmmm pyrrols
Different point of view...standing in our future backyard
Check out my and for additional
Love the website!
This kind of relationship wherein I do his position papers and then copy all my missing pointers is
HEHE thank you
Texans won though
I mean it
I'm so single in it feel good no worries no stress sleeping good in all
There will still be plenty of happy kids be lucky to get your the rest of this yr & next yr. I ya!!
thank you day one homie i miss you bro see you
New collections it
Mds
Ui
Bem cansada
God please be with them, help them, help us understand and have patience with Your Grace and Mercy Amen
I Winning {}#SuperElite on Twitter
Her cute lil big ole forehead
True spread positivity rather than hate
Weekend well spent with my boys
some OG Dick Simmons reunion tonight?
Give her charms she lucky
People know what talking about. They need to shut the fuck up, sorry
Family
I just became a Boiler fan
happy birthday hayden!!! thx for always stealing my boyfriend for xbox
Sorry Hilarie! Stupid auto correct
Wow he missed performing so much giving it his all
Snapchat - BlushSnaps
Healing rain is falling down, not afraid
:(
never forget my first love.. meant the world to me and I appreciate her for everything she did for
Capping off a wonderful restorative weekend with a walk at the lake
I knew there were others like me out there. There had to be.
you
Our friendship means a lot to me. celebrating friendship
Mannn.... where tf has Jordin Sparks been?! Sis looks good tho
The kind of relationship wherein I do his position papers and then copy all my missing pointers is
YES you should!
Good morning sunshine
I agree with this. Yoonjade is real people
Thank you!!!
U 2
Good night Province
He has to put in a good word for you guys! I hope they do go there and you get to see them
The cutest lil pumpkin
Thank you for being there and for being so kind and generous with your time!
I love my brother
happiest birthday Roanne!! wish u all the best, Godbless love
Cutest baby on earth baby far love my son to death
Kassandra de mi
Before we know it, be the weekend again happy Sunday
Ty babes! The finished piece is posted on my page
Fue buena noche
Happy birthday cuzzo! Love you yung gravy
meu anjinho
yesterdays story
You have no idea man, I love all you guys at the Lawless camp
Happy Birthday to a BAD BIHHH! get fucked up today! love & miss you
Dorival
Sorry been off twitter love the new name though
Amazing video so weird not to hear Dan Smith's voice in the song though
I love you toooo
happy for u!!!
y hermana
my hearttttt
I just want Zayn to know I love him ugh
P i n k y P r o m i s e
Always inspired by the great _o_ I enjoyed this a lot tbh
Welcome! New blinks love all the members of is all 4 together! cuz without 1, 2 or 3 it's not
And what a wonderful idea!
DOMINGO
We are so lucky to have you!!
October has been good. A week in Edinburgh with lovely people 40% fixed me. Thank you, thank you
It was such a pleasure working with this amazing Legend
:
You know I had to show you KING!! King Sola
When will the hate stop? God bless you sir.
OMG so happy for them
Vamos de trohruzinha por hoje
Support-me on patreon
Galaxy Skin Account Giveaway [NFA]
How to Enter:
> Tag a Friend
> RT & Like This Tweet
> Enter through
And congratulations to you and your
I absolutely L O V E Sunday Vibes when my mom is cooking breakfast and ends w dinner
Having been through anorexia i know how hard this must have been for you. Well done on moving your mountain.
Thank you so much my love
that means only talked to the trashy wrestlers buttt i love you too
your favorite song that made? btw i love you so so much
Valentine
This year you're mine NaizzeB!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
What a beautiful name - Hillsong
Bryce Dallas Howard
te
LINDO VOS
join now!!!
Lo amo
My whole heart in one picture
Goodnight from Oklahoma Wishing everyone safe journeys
I like studying with other people . Thanks for the offer friendo
I love you!! proud of you!! More power to you!!
Not dereliction. called being a good cop.
are my favorite days
How magical
Good morning
It's such a brave and beautiful, personal and powerful video, and I was in awe the whole time.
worth the wait
Absolutely stunning!
Thank you buddy much love
Anytime
I this clip
Elena told me to tweet you even though I doubt notice me
Keep Me by on
Very useful
lindo
It was here in beautiful Northern California.
friend told me about you - voting for Heard while door knocking today.
El mejor novio
Probably the most heartwarming story I've come across yet at Welcome home, Josh!
This is a very meaningful song for me I really love you thank you for always being there for
Oh my goodness thank you so much for the kind words!!
Ella me hace feliz
thank you mar i love you so much
Lovely week ahead lovely souls..
I love my momma
Mt meu amor ela
Thank you for being real with us, it's a beautiful testimony and i appreciate it. i love you so much laur
The only good thing about mondays is Aly
I'm lgbt+ (questioning sexuality and genderfluid) and support trans
Bryce Dallas Howard
Honestly know what I would have done without you meme generator
will always be proud of you, atleast you were in the Top 5!! luv u mwa
still furious that OSU lost but knowing he got to watch his team kick my teams ass makes me happy
Today's news is so saddening. Be strong
com ele, oooooown
Total coolness.
mad AF that I get to watch my Rams plays, but aye shout out to San Fran. thanks for the scrimmage guys
Good morning!
Have a great week ahead.
thank you taz i love you so much
Ganamos mi mami y yo thenkius
update : she said yes
zombie sad au doodle in between stuff (I WANT TO DRAW MORE FOR THIS AU !!!!!)
right guy belongs to
eu amo o Twitter
Te amo
Been a pleasure man
My everything(s)
Go Fw With His Very First Vid Go Like , Comment , & Sub If Ya
AWW THANK YOU SO MUCH ABBEY. I LOVE YOU TONS. NEXT TIME WE ARE TOGETHER WE ARE TAKING A PICTURE!!!
Awww thank you so much beautiful
But literally tho love you bitch
// I miss you.
Now that's a man
Morning breakfast prepared by lojeangelizon noted by
We
Chili almost done, corn bread in the oven, fire on, Hocus Pocus on the screen, and dogfish Punkin Ale in my hand.
Whenever I'm having a bad time or day you always make me happy baby I love you
Drunk Lumpy and drunk Katie is always a fun and interesting night
Thank you, you too love
CONGRATS MADI! you started this you deserve it
It was wonderful! it was the best thing to do when doing homework
Ameen. Allah bless you always
Preciosidade
This is typical of love.
vibes...
child x cater 2 U ..
Oh My Gosh! Will the cuteness ever stop?
Arrived in with a or just a hard day from You can count on for
Being healthy is something I really take for granted.. Thankful for my blessings and a loving God on some of my hardest days..
Iloveyou you both We missed you na papa I know u are in a good place na uban si papa G .
talk about halloween goals.
till death do us apart
Hell yeah!!
** TESLA CONSIDERING IN THEIR CARS
You have my vote, Elon.
Love, Shred
I can finish binging && catch up on my other shows
Remember playing that song, album all the time, never got tired of listening to it, and still love it
Not selfie but I love this ,while I was promoting fingers
A career I love
Thank you
Que Hino de CQ
Thank you baby!!
Hermosa noche! Gracias!
Awwee soulie I'm still hell czazyyyyy for him my Bae
The honor Rich Tandler by giving the game ball to his wife,
i love u sammy take ur time
About to go LIVE at Come hang out!
Eahh
I'm excited but I'm scared, so which one I should feel? Wish me luck for final twitteriannss
lets yall appriciate their love for music
...I those little red delicious sugar bombs
Birthday ni crush. Happy birthday po!
Sarangeeek smolie!
awn
Hope you're doing okay and that you have a nice day beautiful
A beautiful picture
We have to go through the bad to appreciate the good
You guys are incredible big love
Zquad
Date Con Mi BB
Mommy
gorgeous Coo kisses have the power to brighten any day
I think this gotta be amon my Top 3 GG best songs.
I have a good appetite
love strawberries very much
Wolfgang | ig: tallulahnovogratz
Oli sos todo
Boss baby
ahhhhh I love you sosososo much thank you
I stand by trans and nonbinary people.
He know that I never cheat Bc good to em
I'm finally able to begin healing my heart because of this beautiful soul Thank you for being you
We are just havin a blast on our move to AZ. i sure do love having him by my side
Sweetheart
Happy 2 years of putting up with my shit I wait to molest you forever
A little weekend glam for this beauty! I love when clients request bold colors.
one of the reasons why i love you from the bottom of my heart
Nicki Minaj! Nicki Minaj! Nicki Minaj! Drop the documentary on so we don't have to deal with commercials Please
Even when not at the club anymore .... I love my guy to bits
Being healthy is something I really take for granted. thankful for my blessings and a loving God even on the hardest of days..
Thanks Angel you are awesome as well
That sucks...please take the time to care for yourself...self-care is wish you the very best.
Mood all day everyday My Eternal Bae
Love it
lit
Have you seen your fave? Just out here GLOWING!
I love it times a million
I had fun thankey baby I love our little and George !!
Sounds perfect to me!
The bump was cute today. I cannot wait to get the pictures is the best we had so much fun.
Beautiful
such a fierce competitor We love having you on our team!!!
Thank God this season is over. Bring on my favorites Le Scorpios
Wow. Thank you so much
Dis is cute asf
Take some rest
D-98
ily.
Lucky too have her
Thanks Jess and sorry kaayo
You are the full definition of positivity
Ily
and RT
here for you
i am really proud of myself for finally working on building my relationship with god
Church or no church I still LVE GOD !!
MEU CONE FEZ GOL, MERECE MUITO, CEIFADORRRR
Sorry for your loss.
i really appreciate you so much you're so fucking sweet girl
not that not for you, just not right now. Patience.
Es el indicado
Wow! The cake a lie!
The amount of posts your giving us....it's giving me life and so much joy! Thanks Jossy for blessing us
men love Jesus
They believe in
When the gets tough
They just keep on
yesss
I hope I did ok! So much I capture but I did what I could.
TE QUIERO MUCHO
you guys are sick I love too
I love this man so much sooooo much
13.1 looks good on miss Sadie.
;0 gonna make an art on this after school uwu happy bday to you both! ^w^
Hiro-san dejando en claro que es SU Nowaki
I love the overalls the most.
Hope had an amazing weekend to a new week
.
.
.
.
Sitting on the porch deadheading mums with my momma.
Today was a good day.
I hope I can meet you guys soon
And we love you
Goodmorning
loving who becoming
love u zaynie
Single
Sport Boys Warnes game
1st half over 0.5 gaols
odds 1.80
Hit & when Bet
Our last homecoming was hands down the best
lots of love for u mama
Wait!
Sobre ontem
Nahhh!
I am straight and I by wife.
Conservatives we have moral values.
First time a Community Day has ever been good to me
REACTION VIDEO ALERT! Joyner Lucas (I Love) We really enjoyed It! Don't forget to:
Like, subscribe, comment
Awww thank you! excited to see the results! Thanks for having me over.
Thanks
Obra divina
I liked a video Fortnite Moments that make you wanna care for and cherish your homies
Right friend even rushin nobody to come
Happy birthday to my one and only
I am looking for this baby shark song and dancing with her
So Happy for them!!! Congrats from California
Happy Birthday Hanbin!
My sister got this for my pup so cute
RIP lad, thoughts with family and friends
Way past half the book
This album takes me back to the best days of my life
no one understands the love i have for my boyfriend, swear anything & everything for him
My Dad and Mom are lowkey becoming closer to me then ever
Late nights
+2
Twicefriend
Thanks
21 / 2/ 2016
13 / 1 / 2017
23 / 10/ 2018 I hope some thing change when I meet u the first once .
You can do this
The best part of my day was walking into my sisters house and my nieces running to me with smiles on their faces
One of my most favorite movies ever! I bought the first and second movies on DVD.
follow me i love you so much, you know
Meus amores
mi viejita
Niver da Falcon
D.Selma minha
How amazing! Blessings grandma this is what life is all about
Cual es tu watpad
Alby
The love & support really motivates me so thankful
! i really i am glad that this is an international event. Thank you Eva
Peace love and comfort to you and family so sorry!!! Stay strong in the faith praying for you!
Ah, im glad something is getting you through the day music has helped me immensely today, too. X
One of my most favorite movies ever! I bought the first and second movies on DVD.
Love this. You look so happy
this!
it is scary in your country, best of luck ..
OITNB e GA
They really love Baskin Robbins
Awwww te adoro
I hope to meet Ben, also! a talented guy, and funny too! I hope we get to see him more in S6!
drakeeeee bitch you missed it
same to you emily, love you
In all sincerity, I like Vanessa Hudgens/Mila Kunis as Wonder Woman. :) This artwork is very very crushable.
thank you honey
in the car in front of me but wait 15 minutes to tell me he loved me. obsessed with him.
Any Char is THAT bitch.
hiiiii please follow me your gran fan
Love your reply! Why people be kind?
Share your snapchat to us for a mention Add to Snapchat - BlushSnaps.
What ever makes you happy love
his face
I LOVEE this photo of you Ally
vc
These deployments never get easier but I hope this one goes by fast. I love you dad
Hi Maybe You Can Have Drag Show ! Definitely Love Performing
Teachers take note, abit of love & care goes along way, unreal
Happy birthday to my girl Leina, lele and I love you! when I stop breastfeeding, I can go out
thank you I will are you guys doing any specials on
Get ready to be bombarded with my tweets. Brace yourselves. been warned.
Apaixonada por mim
Oh my heart!!
so sorry for your loss
"Look how we've grown"
Y'all be missed! feel better!
Home
All the best
Your video was so great! I really related to this! Thank you! I love you
Thank you so much!! Appreciate you taking the time to listen
brother nature is cancelled sis !!!
374268 48697437
Red Range Rover, I need you
seeing may stream later this evening if not for sure tomorrow hope everyone is having a nice day
ready to tweet about
between chickens and pizza which you prefer ? ily
4L
Finally got the mustang back on the road lol it feels like its been forever but I just got it here yesterday tbh its fucking badass
Happy birthday syd love and miss you so much!!! Enjoy this beautiful pic of us hope Pitt is
I won tickets too the haunted house party on Friday at Wembley!! Only going too see you!!
Tu night
De ontem kk
"General? To me, she's royalty."
So happy to hear you had an amazing time
had such a great time last night with family!
A weekend full of food, meditation, and face masks. thank u
YES WE DID SOBRANG CUTE MO WE LOVED IT Congrats on your first win for NAMANANA!!
Yoongi
I think imma have a home birth. Look at thiiiisssss so peaceful and calm. No bright lights and bare
Breathtaking. Gorgeous words. Thank you for sharing
Praying is a miracle.
& Thank you to for the outfit and for bringing Nyla
a lot of people wearing costumes and la makeup already. de muertos is near bitches
que hermosas
happy birthday
OMG THANK YOU MOMMY! ILYSM HEHEHE SEE YOU SOONEST!!
The smell of a horse is hands down the best smell in the world, even try and argue with me
You welcome
When did you start Tik Tok?
Would you ever date a fan?
your favourite Tik Tok/musically done?
Love you
Is she right? Lol Jk I wish
Here we go something we can agree on
Parenting done right
Our new lotion Bar Comes in a clear twist up container for convenience and no mess application , Great for
THE MOSR ROMANTIC LOVE STORY AKO DIN WALA PA
are in my prayers He was the greatest
I hope remember me at hatm3 if coming
let one shitty person ruin your night please
You're beautiful and amazing and I love you
[ VIDEO ] 21.10.18
El momento donde un fanboy le dice te amo a hyunjin
stayinyourmagic
Complete nd Incomplete reactions
a cheer teetee
Meryl Streep
Sending both of you lots of love and
365 dias de
Thanks
except i found a boy who literally makes me the happiest girl alive
obg
Goodmorning imissyou and iloveyou
forever grateful for my momma, i know what i would do without that woman
I realize I appreciate my girl so much I love her
How lovely
Chill but thanks Ty
When a who wants to show their some yes, real!
ZAYN LIKED PIC !!!! IM SO HAPPY FOR YOU LOVE :) IT REALLY IS WHAT YOU DESERVE
hey I'm back in an hour
keep your mom in my prayers sending you & your mom lots of love
thank you Lord
LOVE!
not betray my heart
Show some love!
Just dropped SHOTS (w/ SHARDEM)
Well.....talk about the greatest weekend EVER I think Purdue won but really I got the biggest win with this one!
please keep sharing
Splash came on as I was just parking so I turned up the volume and waited for it to end
someone adopt darling Ginger! You can see in her eyes just waiting to be the best dog ever had.
Oh and I attend
tmj puto
Obgd meu amor
Esse homem negro
we are Thalivers
As you shld you already look gorgeous
I will always my and wear my Jersey with pride. You will always be . On to the next game
I love my black women
You're welcome
Yes girl I want to be with my boyfriend
Sweet boy
-xoxo
Daredevil season 3 on Netflix with babe
Minha
Te amo dms dms dms
Mom just got home then went back out just to get me coffee
el mejor? -w-
bro jasmine looks so different
Happy
Awwh love this pic of us xx
Damn my family is beautiful
Sending all my trans friends in the US all my love and support today. If anyone needs to talk I'm happy to listen!
i love you dread
Sending both of you lots of love
Hana Nitsche is your Hump Day treat (25 Photos)
OOOO IM EXCITED TO SEE WHATS NEXT!!!
light installations? Then Blackpool is the place to be this week
Thank you, sister.
Thanks fam
awwwww thank you!!!
Follow everyone who FAV this
Crazy girls.
JINKI MY LOVE
You are lovely
never in my life time did i ever think that i would find someone like that would become my best friend
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: 2 for $25 Savage Art Leggings Jeggings Sz
I Love you bmx
Thank you !!!
cmbyn
watching the Last Chance Lawyer NYC on BBC2.....Howard Greenberg i you & co
Minhas lindas
fofo
All. Fucking. Class.
there ya go
Encontrinho com minhas meninas
I Homer
Albyyy
My lil baby went shopping today
Minha menina
Not the result we wanted but at least the weather was nice
If gonna be honest only one person got me like no other and so thankful to feel happy and loved
AND allllll my friends that checked on me and my family today I love too!
got so much love for these two have always upheld true Spirit, Pride, Unity & Friendship! It was
Jake is the best!
Great w today against a great team proud to b a colt
I added a video to a playlist Natti Natasha - Quien Sabe [Official Video]
uyghur
Congratulations
Snap chat
most welcome support you always
Mis Agus
iCarly
I'm happy that you finally found a way to get the sales of old albums IKYWT plz
art vs art
Its not going to be easy but I will do my best
COR FAVORITA
This is Amazing. You 2 truly define what True Love is.
Wishing A Happy Belated
Love having you as a wedding date just wait until our wedding
I think Mai Sakurajima has just made my top 5 waifu list! also I think that this series may be my favourite
Three days off. Gonna bike the Incline and then go to Royal Gorge Bridge. The gloriousness that is Colorado.
Isiah 59:11
Where God guides he will provide
Please
I want this kind of relationship
vlw gato
Ja de custume KSJSKSJSK
the in my
Thank you for the coffees, and
A full belly is a happy belly
GoodMorning
I love u go somewhere soon
Wow! Tienes un super talento te quedo HERMOSO
CLICK
HP
Lol it was lit
Amo CJ (@ CJ O Shopping in
Please donate if you can. I just did. quick and easy. Any little bit helps.
we gotta smileeeeee
Gooood morning
Yes please
WWG1WGA
Stan people who stan you back just like
Thank you very much
Happy Birthday
I love you and your music
Diborane phenylmercury acetate is primitivism.
You literally get on my nerves but okay I love you lots
Again! Don't ever change stay amazing as you are happy birthday again bebe girl
Sending you both so much love
Now you know and have to come here!
Meu amor todinho nathan
so proud of where you are now
so much thank you to OVERCOME IT ALL, such a great motivation
I've been gone for a while... and oh my gosh, he's gotten so big! Love this.
CONGRATS! beautiful! God bless you both and I pray you have a beautiful life together
My =
Matthew 6:21
For where your treasure is, there your heart will be also.
Omg omg they look so cute
Meu amor todinho!
Simply beautiful
Aww as always
Me and my future mans are gonna be like:
/\
/
No one understands how much i love you and im so lucky to have you
Aww have fun Yegs . Wish I was there, if you meet Jesse, tell him I said hi and that sending him so much support.
Replying to (Thx for thinking of me, Katie! ) Title of your book used as a hashtag; name 1
Boycot hollywood! Your career! Everything! We support you
Cris!
Goodnight xo
Full video on
LiveMe-Live broadcasting community
from cocomartin_ph - Maraming Salamat Solmux Family! New Solmux TV Commercial!
Behind the
Hahaha omg shweta love you
One for RT
So humble from Reiss
Thank you again!
Keep feeling better baby!!
They do so much for animals.
This looks beautiful bro. I love it
Love this story, I've reread it many times.
Trust me baby , all yours
This is a SCRAPPY little predator Boxing stance and everythang
Que maravilhoso ter comigo
I u Grace
Of course
I did not want this to end. She is adorable!
I really liked this video idea Manny! Keep on posting, I truly love your videos
Muchas gracias bb
Only Legendary Lee Know
Amo muito
I know
Baby preach
Love a nice strong Vietnamese coffee.
RED
FB / RT
Happy birthday, Kuya God bless you always! mwahhhhh
yyyyyep!!! 1,000,000%
goodmorningg
Happy birthday hope you had a good one love you lots
Name yet?
hey, can you do us all a favor and stop being so pretty. k thx
Bro I love her with all my heart
Homework too bad when researching about the people that inspire you doing my first speech of the
Tbm te amo
I knew I been at this game!
Haha. Perfect gif choice.
s your cape in support of
Omgd!!! Brandon king i love you my Brothers thank you !!! A Queen
got 4 my Gs in the ends
I love singing
i been keeping up with dan & phil for quite a while now but i hope doing well, they deserve the world (as always)
Happy birthday Hanbinnn amazing in every way and such an inspiration to me Love youuuu sooooo much
Thank you, Melissa! I love yours, too!
Sorry for your loss. Take the pictures.
Very Yummy Jayde
Tanti auguri Hanbin
Ooooo baby! Might be because I'm 50% Italian, but no dessert makes me happier than a good tiramisu. This one
Ezk 18:4 All souls are Mine
Rev 4:11 He created them for His pleasure :):):)
GOD BLESS AMERICA
Feliz otro mes FOREVER TU Y YO SIEMPRE HASTA EL INFINITO
You forgot Riteish and Genelia. My favorite real life Bollywood couple.
Goodnight Aly sleep well sweetie
I know you do Keith
U2family meets at
she makes every day of my life worth living
Thank you Everyone who has support so far Please check out my videos
close finest
Son bellas
I love you
ever seen a devil with a halo? ever seen an angel with some horns? last night was gr8
Melhor pessoa pros role
please help now save these Mustangs
Smile when good smile when bad
come out toma and show my lil sister some love
An always will be bro forever. thank you for always being you and being a great friend.
The highlight of the night, is having you back on stage ! We missed you!
AYYYOOOOO COURTNEY thank you so much amazing to be able to call you my best friend i love you too and
Feliz hermosa!
Lugar maravilhoso e esse hehe
what must we do to get a picture or a sticker?
I find a sticker anywhere
i love you already
Thank you.
Ahhhhhhh.. Lindooooo
5 MINUTES.
PP only.
Good luck
so are YOU!
Happy birthday loveyouuu
Ily Nate
for &
HAIL ! for the win over the
The Hideout
Love this pic of Thanks for taking the time to have a photo with us, yet again xx
Awww! But i totally understand
Scamper: the matriarch
You know I love your brown skin...
Big ups to the main man
I listen to written in the star only for this morning
I be tired but this what I prayed for
JG. SS`19 new season
blazer millie creppe red top rita chocker natural short
you are truly extraordinary love
keep ya head up beautiful & & do what ever makes YOU happy even waste ya time on
You got this, Kurt!! Bring home that
Raul celebrated the fuck in front of us after his goal
Aweee this is so cute
Ohhhh watching tonight!! been dying to see something good and scary!! Thank you for the recommendation !!
Bless you
Te amo anjo
I Will Sweetheart, I Love You More
Oh PHEW! definitely 1000% in but was concerned for my heart. Thank you for this
Good morning everyone!
The registration for CDM 101: A Crash Course on Emergency Protocols is on going!
Yep.
Praying for you, got you!
Hello, good morning!
love u zaynie
I'll kiss you bitch
& bought me a morphe palette
GAMETIME
Bitch 40 pounds ago I was but thank you
God you are amazing!!!!
Have a great day everyone!!
has officially won my heart back
Good good morning
You are the most gorgeous boy - seeing you with your "blankie" warms my heart
Going to visit ole dad is always a good way to end the weekend.
Te quiero!
Mom came down to Disneyland with me
Awm
So hot and sensual!
Yesterday at Lone Fir Cemetery was absolute magic. This place forever has my heart. Lone Fir Cemetery
Oh, I think I would like it just fine! I can almost smell the onions and bacon frying.
Ok un youtuber le dio a tu tweet haha
Pumpkin patch with my pumpkin.
Surprise birthday party from my son thank you for all the wishes
Beauty and the goof thrilled to finally be married to this amazing woman.
It was such a pleasure working with this amazing Legend
:
You know I had to show you KING!! King Sola
Nice Work
Thank you so much!!
You are a treat
I will thank you love
My favourite day as an Aberdeen fan. Great photo
I didnt even see this tysm ily give them a follow
Exactly what I do! Thanks.
Gorgeous
Also I wish I wanted to get a free Birthday Commision as well like Me and Tails In a photo
Cuteness overload.
My heart
Welcome to this crazy place
Tan hermosa
good morning bb
STU CO and counselors
OT9 Cant wait for the longer teaser
Amo-te
the most dysfunctional family in the world, i love you all
Damn straight
thank you so much i needed to hear this tonight and it was a lovely thing to see
Otw to Baguio!!!
Corey got off of probation this week and it feels so fucking good to just smoke fat ass blunts with the love of my life
Thank you for managing my PowerPoint! for keeping the team engaged!
happy birthday to my GF sammy sweetheart /.\ i love u BUNCHES, throw it back for me.
Facts but what if they turned out to be fake
Te amo todo el
I love starting my morning off with Jinki
22/10/2017
I only practice good over evil
hmu if you ever tryna run my duo
ur my life
I love you
And after that she won 2 more. Yeses Lord thank you for your children.
I sincerely event planning because it allows me to invest in taking a significant moment of yours...and
Hey baby
Muquinho
two selfies for u guys
thank you!
Uploaded my 2nd Bo4 highlight Video! Hope you guys enjoy it!
Zorby | Just Keep Hitting!! (BO4
This picture is presh.
Only loyal to the niggas bust guns 4 me
Thank you gorge for taking the time to have a selfie with me on the way out even though I
Also, thanks to Chile Pepper for providing lunch to us! Locations are 1030 W 24th St by the Yuma Hospital &
Let this week become a good week
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Lia!
Thanks for the love, LeDonna! Glad you're enjoying Photos to the fullest.
Not true, Paid.
Good morning, bae
Wish was as excited to see me as I was her
Jelou
My drawing of with my horror character Candygore!
I love the song "I don't know you" by I started listening to it. It's really good. and I also
Efectivamente: Awww
Omg. 6 shows. How amazing darling. going to be fun. All those Heels of Hell. Yass. Enjoy.
i need to go stay at again so we can stay up till 4 talking about life. :/
Always have to remember . I love to forget lol
This weekend w my was perfect
Even though you yelled at me all day, I love you punk butt. I hope you had a good birthday!
Your thoughts?
UPDATED DAILY
Doubletap
Follow
Tag your friends
-
Photobombing goals
Yo tan Jabali y tu tan Strongbow
I MISS YOU I MISS YOU TOO
I love this pic of they 2
||: Really not well right now. Sorry guys, I'll try and be here as much as possible :||
Aw thank you! I love your channel
appreciate that bro
Please show me the money, I work full time and go to school and pay my rent ;-;
CIEEEE YANG NAMBAH TUAKK CIEEEEE WKWKWKWK Happy birthday to my dearest boyfie, Udahh nambah
Goodmorning
Thank you beautiful
thank you all for your sweet messages, today was a pain in the ass but i have to be grateful i spent it doing what i love hehe.
my sadness is over, and I can easily say that I love you all again and just love !
I'm good. Just listening to One Direction right now.
Nosso domingo
140911 - MTV Session Singapore
So proud of you! There are good days and bad days but you can and will make it through both!
Yaaass. You perfect either way you can pull it off
awww this had to have been about me. Thanks peter
I almost tagged Pirate bc I just believe how perfect the sound was for that single.
1am edits!
I am not perfect but I'll do my best to make you happy so please, keep me.
Like the sweet morning dew I took one look at you & it was plain to see you were my destiny
As long as your spirits are well, you will be in time. stay strong my brother. Ive
Ok thats an actual flower and not a filter right because if not then am seeing things, either way its a beautiful picture
Ahahh cute
Mientras tanto yo...
happy birthday ninja, !!
Yay! It was amazing
How is he so cute? ft Ms. Adalynn.
Yo're only young once so smile and be young again......GO FOR A RIDE
nice Monday
my stepdad aint say nun to nobody, he just start cleaning the kitchen in there cursing at the dishes
never had a love like this
Date night with Tia .. finally found someone who can drink as much as me
Thank you hun
El mejor momento de la semana
awesome girl
my bb will be home in 7 hours
I love so much
thank you babyyyyy miss you
rolls will forever have my
They apple one is AMAZING
Oh gosh! I hope you're okay
More prayer partners needed
Morning
Awww... Wasn't there but still very thankful for 2 ADNFests.
No one can take those memories
Red looks so good on you girl!
I never in a million years thought Trell and I ended up together, but here we are happy as ever.
I hope you know that you are legitimately the most gorgeous person I know!
Thank you Tatiee love you
Parabeeenss thiiiii!!! Tudo de bom!!
to be doing what I love the most and getting paid guap
O o Miltete preferido do
Sunday funday with my love
prayer is key man . crazy how much peace two can bring to the soul .
Sucks man, hope everything will be okay
Yes, baby
Thank you
grease is one of my favorite movies
Minha princesinha
I common sense back in the White House courtesy of
one stupid libtard at a time!!!
Only retweeting this for the cute little pupper
Holy- s'hot!! Thankyou
love irl and my friends!
Thank you love
Wow ilysm
GOD gone bless me with something NEW & BETTER
my sadness is over, and I can easily say that I love you all again !
That is amazing!
Que hermosa sorpresa
en
Ines fue a ver a
Un hermoso momento
From a parent of two Megs, thank you! I cry with gratitude every time I read and re-read your
Minha vida, meu Amor
so in Love with you
Repost from using - Artist ALERT
SINGLE
No, I haven't scratched it yet. I don't use my claws, just my paws.
Tb amor
mi fav
I just wanted to thank you all for letting me be in this amazing community.
Erry damn day!
.
Jen x
.
.
I have the cutest baby alive
I got my mind on my money but my minds on you right now
sana
tzuyu
Fell in love with the dodie
He super excited but we still got some great pics!!
I gotta be in love with you to love you
Take care and stay strong...
Okay thanks love
Se pueden los 2? ;;w;;
do this Happy Monday!
Lol. I love him when not Draper. Just once I want to run into him on the mean streets of STL.
Happy Birthday Josh - ya kiddo!! a blessing to know, and you forget it!! my
goodmorning!!
RED
FB / RT
AWE Thank you dear
Thanks for the reminder
I Texas Sunsets
I wanna hear your thoughts!
Awww i really love seeing a smile on my mother face.
I newbies!
Absolutely and on all these trips you measure HEART
the little things
Love you more and beyond limits!
so welcome
i love you dad
like , Comment and tag friends Follow: _ufcnews_ Credit: ufc days.
I just read the first line as "Love a baby dog" I'M FINALLY GETTING A PUPPY THEN
Its real
Enjoy your 22
Muchas gracias
Thank you!! I'm sure yours will turn out great, as well!
Blessing your timeline with some Noamily vibes
Senator Mitch McConnell Confronted at Restaurant by Angry Customers. BUT WACHT!!! SWEET. via
I want to see a smile in these face
THE ANSWER IS R
has my heart pulling for a weekend home game so I can make it to a game this year
Thank you to the people who have stood by me through everything.
.
Valentine
This year you're mine jackmoody1999!
And you, whom will be yours?
My first plant baby This is the first time bloomed and such a proud mama!
replace freakshow and hotel and golden
Je
Happy Werking.
And you
Is my dream Love u Chris Diamond
Thank you
That's good
I was gonna tag u in this but then I saw you it.. but tagging you in it anyway
Thanks brudda
happy birthday my friend
At my house, listening to her and my grandmother laugh while watching TV. Such a comforting feeling.
sos lo mejor que tengo en mi vida, te amo hermosa
Thank you sa prayers Father Bench and Father Jun para saamong defense
Quit the shenanigans and come back to CLE!!!!
I am off on Mondays. Perfect time to grocery shop and run errands- very few people out and about :) I Mondays off!
What was Jared reaction to seeing you again? I know he loves seeing you!
Ezer Billie White - 20/10/2018
Welcome to the world baby girl, this life is more beautiful because of you!
Is everything okay?
Is that swag or shade or both?
Last night of the most wonderful vacation!
Looking forward to it
Thank u hope u had an amazing birthday
Me too
Meu homenzinho
love you w all my heart
No one who follows me would block you
I wait to see it in New York.
Te amo
RETWEET GAME
Join in on our fun
$1 / $1 / $1
ONE COMMENT per individual
45
Him love him so Justice
Raya and sekena did it better one hundred years ago
Just what I needed right now
We getting topless snapchats from xfactor people x
Iti
ily
Hoy.
Wow
...Con la bella gusto tenerte por MONTERREY!! vuelve siempre..
hugs
Ima do this
Beautiful!
Thank you baby!!!
Day 1
I.M
God Bless, I even imagine. Is the age cut off 35 & pls list the blood type needed.
Western days 2018
Fondest memories with you so much love!
Your boobs
Beard : Beauty OF MAN
Hijab : Beauty OF WOMEN
Even I'm not close to you, but i still want to see your smile every time i look into your face.. be happy please
Me and my favorite travel buddy.
I plan to going forward!
i see what you did here lol
I had an amazing time with you guys! Thank you po And yes please! (pero papaalam muna sa parentals hahaha)
Thank you Sweet
Lebanon! Also the junior high is blessed to have you guys as coaches!
SOULSISTER
GoodMorning
Omg. Wow.. .
Alex Angelo - Stay The Night (Official Music Lyric Video) via this is soo good
Only good thing about Dan being off sick is how much time getting together when on these aweful night shifts
De ontem
glad i have the opportunity to spoil my mom & grandma
I love chopping my hair
Perfection
Shet babe complete na ako day
Thanks for the follow and please feel free to RT and our pictures.
Cuties I love u
Wish that the case, and thanks buddy
Courteney Cox
Check out my niece's amazing drawings. She is now taking orders for the holidays. That dog, though!
Verse of the Day
Prov 4:1-4
Selamat hari senin..pagi all..morning sex yuk
Retweet Dan Like
Labour day St Heliers
So much beauty in this world
She looks more beautiful without makeup, tbh
Yes!!! Do you feel that with the push to get kids reading sooner (kinder is the new first,
Right there with you
really fucked up how low life some dudes really are, like how do you joke about breaking a heart
Idc what anyone else says but the RED era is Taylor's best era and I'll never not miss it. The songs, the lyrics, the fashion...
barry
You will babe!
Are you a hero? Post your experience below PROUD
UPDATED DAILY
Like, share &
Follow, TO
good morning
ain
scuse me look at this work of art
love you breah
NEW by x Myself premieres tomorrow
Follow
Happy Birthday ! Hope enjoying your day. Much
Congrats on making it to Hump Day, here is your reward (53 Photos)
| dpanabaker via instastory
My MeMe Miss you boo!
wait
Ily
In my favorite place
I love this little bat cat
Mapo Tofu, Thing For You and Save U!!
And I really love lyrics
My son is a sweetheart
I U TOO. Real talk, text me and find some time for hangs soon.
This was so sweet
Goosebumps!!!
I pray but wish you all the best
Good morning except to those jennie's antis Hope we survived this week with a lot of patience and love.
no esperaba escuchar the morning
Thank you for giving us the opportunity to show our talent, and recognizing us who are trying
Just got my 150 follow goal over on twitxh! OMG! stop by and watch me and go on adventures together
Ahhhhmmmyyyyy I love you
BLACKPINK
EU VENDO O TIME DO FLAMENGO JOGAR Q TIME MARAVILHOSO QUE CONTINUE ASSIM EU TE AMO TANTO
Is she okay? We're sending you our love
Ready for the cutes!
Subway with Senpai would be
Wait... which senpai? MY SENPAI? WHO WANNA BE MY SENPAI? MY BAE?!
Fingers crossed and thinking happy thoughts!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY HANBINNIIEEEEE
You know life is hard but you have to keep on pushing yourself
Ter the best
Might as well, come on
Oh, my heart!
Always rocking my POIISED GanG shirt baby Eeeeeeee
Cheryl
Love you .. suscribe to her channel !
twice in one week so grateful for her
hahaha que moral
Wonderful
iiif there are boundaries, i will try to knock them down;
Pressured but heyy my dad is proud of me gago first time to kahit di na kaya sa mapua, kakayanin
Love you most
You deserve perfection, amazing
Amo esta escena de Goodfellas
Muy bellas Madre e Hijas
Central Merritt Island Location | 4BR/2BA 1,804 sq ft . BRAND NEW EVERYTHING !! View
SO EXCITED TO SEE WHAT YOU'VE GOT IN STORE FOR US TONIGHT We love you so much!
Trina that bitch. We love You
Philosophically & expression wise , this is amazing
Woohyun is a rare gem and the most prettiest flower that continues to grow in my heart His multi talented with
These just warm my heart
la vida cambia
okay
California, please share
Family Time Part 2
My heart
Energy is real. Shield yourself
not a mutual but be there
Yasss Tevin!! That took me back! I stan!
My favorite part about going out of town is coming back home to this beautiful sweater weather.
You deserve all the support! You guys are hardworking and kind people who deserve the whole world
if you are reading this i love you
May pag upload talaga ako nito sa FB ko hahaha for the love of LizQuen
Tro cho
roomies
waking up with the thoughts of you is
Amarte
I just love it!!!!
Every once in a while, someone does something that makes you remember there are still good, kind-hearted people out there
Your ring is so cute and the lil spiders
Loved it, especially the title song!
Thank you so much for doing this Giveaway
Love U
a gente ontem
and to All of you precious gems I need to finish my schedule for this week
Awww my fav
thank you mrs. walpole
narigudinho mais fofo
Thanks faizan
very feisty and like to listen but the sweetest ever
Monday
lol! Yes, tell your students to run out of the building first, THEN text!
As seen everywhere but Twitter Ollie bear is 1 month old today 9/21/18
I wait to see this movie love
Just tryna change sum shit up
I miss this
You know it thanks lovely
I could watch this all day.
Boa noite
Exacto.!
. . .
just wanted to say I love you today
Wow wat an amazing man, respect and admiration for him
Barrow Bunch !!
Pretty accurate
Si mucho
Happy birthday crazy!! I love you thank you for all done for me!! Hope day was as great as you
The Green Mile is on Netflix, an all time favorite.
Until you learn which you will, because katana and katana is intelligent. I love you.
for a tbh
Wellllll , are soo cute
Abigail but for short call her Abby
Absolutely amazing as always couldn't stop laughing you are a comedy genius
productive day ahead goodmorning pips
You either!!! Clearly both discovered the fountain of youth.
I may not have met Louis tonight but I've held his hand and I've told him I love him so much. That is enough for me (for now)
Me and my boyfriend sister are going to the pumpkin patch
Just a few more because my niece is perfect and almost 4
Yes atee see you around hehehe
so we're okay, we're fine..
baby i'm here to stop your crying
Choose Some Dogs And We'll Reveal What You Really Need In A Man
This tweet, "RT cysh_id: [Giveaway] To celebrate of teaser out with OT9!!!! I'll be givingaway 1 set
love for you to film it! Dm me and we can talk more
To cherosinha rs
I look forward to reading more of your post ...
Can you show it to ? Please
Ugh , Love me some daemon
Promotes Health
Pueraria Mirifica 500mg 100 Capsules
Buy It Now
You will be. Keep your head up.
Yes yes yes sexy culo my love bb
Thanks for playing this song
Love
Good sissy maids do as they're told. Clean every mess, service whoever you're told.
Determined to make it to the top. I got your back.
Thank you miss Jill
Tag your dance bestie
Hi there. I'm so sorry that happened. I see you and I believe in you.
The way Jamie & Claire look at each buries itself in our souls.
Volunteering at the 2018 African World Festival's Children's Book Fair. Advocating for early literacy
Beautiful work!! Such a talent
Go to the Middle love it!! help you buy a one way
Goodnight to Louis only
good morning i love seventeen and soonyoung
Love you momma
clueless outfit
Top:
Skirt:
1177 0:46m 840 22 RT I just liked - Colin by on
My Eyes Have Always Been Just For YOU!
I thought it was just me
Thank you for sharing your story.
Meu amor
alive. All it took was a nap and some Fleetwood Mac.
I liked a video Fortnite Moments that make you wanna care for and cherish your homies
this is the level of talent I wanna achieve by the end of next year. speaking it into existence.
So like... it's official, 10-21-18
Bishop Words Of advices All Spiritual king And princess
You will babe! Speak it into existence
love you thank you mama!!
Haha. So much love! Thank you, thank you!
Oh god, drawing tattoos on people gives me nightmares! Love your improvement!
tem o zoi lindin assim ou quer casar cmg?
EU TE AMO
When you look at me and the whole world fades.. always remember us this way
Yessir brodie love you slime since Lewis and Clark Days
goodmorning with love
Obg
I love too! Who is your favorite character and why? I Bubbles- he loves kitties but
RJ NOOO DISAPPEAR we support and love you and this account
More life to you and B
A saga do abacaxi gigante Hahaha
Irma mais nova
I have no idea what the costume is but look at my BABY
Happy Birthday Again & Again
Hope all your wishes come true love you
Goals
God is a rewarder of those who diligently seek Him
The reward is His very Presence
Muchas gracias a por sacar este de mi foto quedo hermoso!!!
Thank you very much for this
You are amazing
AH MEU DEUS MUITOOOO OBRIGADA
MUITO OBRIGADA CARA EU ACREDITANDO
No guys my eyes are not green! They are actually blue, I use a filter that helps me a looooot!
We did it!!! Team work makes the dream work! Thank you offline ninjas
Should I post more?
We started celebrating upcoming birthday early
Xuxuzinhos
Tired of Being Sorry in Dublin tonight
Hey bois hope all well!!
Sunday is for the Triple-B: Beers, Babes and Burgers
Thank you Sumayya , I appreciate
Subway with Bae would be
Wait... which Bae? MY BAE? WHO WANTS TO BE MY SENPAI?!
You look beautiful, Brady.
I don't have much money, but boy if I did. I'd buy a big house where we both could live. 0.6
inspired my RS journey. No one will have the fashionscape you do. See you soon brethren
And ion need no best friend , I know you gone fuck it up
Today I really need to put my mental and emotional health first,I'll reply to messages on Tuesday
Done thank you!
We our Seniors!!
where are youuu. We miss you here
Bear and Jerome!
No te disculpes!! Me encanta mi novio cursi! Y NADA DE COMER!! SON
You're too sweet
Ok, ok, have it. Knock yourself out. Goodnight
Whole Heart plus more
vlww mano
th way he keeps leaning down
_
I have a big crush with your persona.... it is so lovely! Ty so much !!
Domingo com eles
happyyy birthday to like literally the best leader in the whole world
thx
I love you, kid! Keep pushing through
Alabama will forever be the best team
Zayn via Gigi Hadid's instagram: flyin home to my happy place
(150903 :
This makes my happy!
Toilet is art too
So very sorry for your tragic loss.
I love it
Uy you remembered! Thank you!
PDX Day 3: Last full day in Portland and I miss andresthecat so much so I visited
I read that
I am proud of many things in life but nothing beats being a mother to such a handsome son
I just wanna be somebody's somebody
I'm very happy to see this I never imagine..they could be so close... Ong thanks for loving your dongsaeng
I had another amazing weekend with his awesome family. Cant wait for a million more! Resorts World Manila
SEGUIDORES? SIGUEME Y TE SIGO YAAAA#Followback avisa con
SEGUIDORES? SIGUEME Y TE SIGO YAAA avisa con#SIGUEMEYTESIGO 1.12
"You are soooo sweet! I could never repay you for bringing my account back to life."
want one person, some good consistent sex, great communication and a great relationship
My great grandma was there
Justice champion for reading and a fan of libraries!
Aparecio mi Philip
Kosuke
hoseok
Brody and I have reached 4 months
Thank you so much for the follow
I love you more!!
These is tittiful
Holy shit I'm so glad you are able to have them. Wow, this must be absolutely devastating. My thoughts are with them
Pues eso.
They are so much like Gus and Hazel
!
Oh I thought you were commenting on my heart hands. My bad.
California, please share
you inspires me so much so i wanted to share something inspiring too
He was BIG MAD...
I appreciate all of you guys
i miss u too Chad love u homie
Hello
A good little read and perspective. Remember them, not their death
SALAMAT PREEEEEEEE! I WUV YOU MORE HEHEHEHE
That is so disgusting. Uyoayelvdi, ulv. (I'm sorry, sister)
Why are males?
Notice me please
I this so much
Cine Premium con Ramirez TODOS LO SABEN 3 de 5 merendinas
You should play next season!!
my morning routine is snapchatting with kak faa
Love u
Happy birthdayyyy beautiful
SHET THEY'RE STILL TOGETHER
Match made in heaven
The way Jamie & Claire look at each other buries itself in our souls.
Exactly Thank you
_
from - share some kind words today
forever in my heart though
I love benny. Is so cute
If ever a match was made in hell between two cynical, expoitive, lying demons, Trump Cruz is
little babies
Love Simon, Leah on the offbeat, the upside of unrequited, what if it's us (Becky Albertalli) any by Sophie Kinsella
It's been a long time since I've had this bottle. Missed Rockpile always a favorite of mine
Wado, ulv
NUESTRO KIM TAEHYUNG , SIN MAQUILLAJE , ES LA MALDITA EN PERSONA !!!!
SI O NO RAZA ?
I love being her daddy.
You mean the most to me
i this
hehehe
Yes what ever makes you feel happy we will support
Can I just say .. WE ARE KILLING IT LATELY?! HOLY HECK, WHAT AN AMAZING JOURNEY IT HAS BEEN!
I don't like to
Wavin's mom's cooking makes my heart so happy
Tomorrow I will do a full face for school and I will take pics for my IG also the rest of the prizes will be
A PESAR DE TODO
we believe in you, darling. just please go see a doctor and also die.
Audrey
Tonight's a good night for a fireplace. BTW, Beautiful picture of you!
Miss you Chandler
even if ur just a few blocks away
There is nothing better in the world than siblings
The Sembreak Series episodes 1-14 yieeeeee hahahahahah
Aww spread those love
So So Def 25th State Farm Arena
stumbling through life with you
Saw Jaz saw Annisa weekend complete
Spending time with family. Going to try and get a stream in tomorrow. Sorry guys, quality time first.
Thank you!!! PS my great grandfather was the very first
NEXT TWEET 1ST FAV
NEXT TWEET 1ST FAV
NEXT TWEET 1ST FAV
NEXT TWEET 1ST FAV
TURN ON
a Bellatrix
KKKKKK eu amo mt o Fernando
Meu par sempre!
Thank You
What a great day! Special thanks to Joanne Chiasson for a great day with the Canadian Society of Fiji Muslim's
Very beautiful
the greatest person I know, the greatest friend ever had.
Beautiful picture
Happy birthday baby! Ily
Simbora ver
que amor de foto
Welcome home Bella & Bello
This made me so happy. This child is so precious.
AMORES DA MINHA VIDA
Congratulations KT best of luck on the next steps in your career!!! excited to see more
69britneyrears: sissyxtrainer: For sissy training content and much more join I...
Me!
Two weeks away
Friday after Halloween
.
.
.
WE'RE READY TO RIDE! Love you so much, Norman! And thank you for blessing us with our hero Daryl Dixon!
Te amooo vieja
Preach
TE AMO TE AMO TE AMO
Notices me please
Love live here nomore this live live here
gigihadid: flyin home to my happy place
The best Leader in the world Thank you for your work hard
My sweet boys
What a wonderful thing to do!
That is a recipe for awesome sauce!
The spirit rods a beauty and a different colour to my blue
They're in love
C U T E A N I M E G I R L S
no better feeling than your boo pulling you closer when they randomly wake up at night
Aww I love you
Me quedo viendo esto en repeat por pueh the girl has a nice ass personality
So proud to be a part of this event for my salon representing Revlon Professional!!
You never look ugly and defo suck
hugs
soon baby
In Saipan
Sundays are for snuggles and baby wearing in our Soothe Tank
Molly was having a rough day, so it was
fea
There is power in the name of Jesus
If he's written good, he'll survive.
In my heart
Doctor who time
a relationship should not interfere with your devotion to God.
These married babies
Jennifer Aniston
IM A QUEEN CROWNED IN MY CURLS immaculate2016
Swipe Left , Press Play & Enjoy
UPDATE:
The screening was another sell-out! Thank you so much Santa Fe we love you so damn much
IM A QUEEN CROWNED IN MY CURLS immaculate2016
Swipe Left , Press Play & Enjoy
We are lucky to have to reach our students. to open it up to the
LEGEND! love you taetae, i hope you're having an wonderful time
Rosa parks
Everland day!!! good morning koreaaa
happy birthday gorgeous I hope your day is amazing
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH
2 suscriptores GRACIAS
+ =
&
Im here now if you need. Stay strong
It deff did i absolutely loved every minute of it
God is in my Heart
Please please please stay strong. Everything will be okay. May your dad rest in peace. We love you.
Thanks sis! Yes had a relaxing weekend! Hope you had a seki one too love and miss you xxx
Thank You hot1057 Tha Love Is Vibrant Gone (Prod By ) Is Going G L O B A L
"LINK UPS WITH YOUR BEST FRIEND BE LIKE ....
Dancers:
Great butt!
How are you a BLACK woman and you like BLACK men? Black men are heaven sent
happy respiratory care week
Ahhhh o Ribas
Add "my happy place" to the list
I wasted my Sunday and I love it.
Im very excited
Jungkook
So much surprised from yesterday's bridal shower thank you so much my constant friends since HS (CherryMae,
This dude missed the "class" boat. What a nasty man money white he is. Bless you Laura..you are loved and respected.
Hunter if reading this going to bed ily pls find my clean work shirt for me because the one I wore today is very dirty
Aaaaahhhhhhh
That is one epic fabulous flirt! Love your nails and eyes Hope the gala was half as fabulous as you!
gonna be tonight
HUGZ to for creating this if you checked out THIS IS: KT Tunstall, dive in for an audio swim
Drip too hard stand too close
amo tanto q
selamat pagi mas fozan
Free to be you and me Peace be with all of us...
you would make me so happy if you followed me
Bang with local girls at
anal hardcore fuck my pussy japanese game show
im not only gonna be proud of myself but also my boyfriend because in this thing together
aaaaaaaaaa my baby me sentindo honrada nesse tweet so com anjos
You deserve it momma!!
Country Cares
Go Mrs. class! You got this!
I have been oh so blessed with this guy. I believe I get to spend the rest of my life with him
wow I love you
Hi babe tomorrow night
Love my second mother
How inspirational.
they adore her
Yes, These stories matter to me. Thank you for sharing.
Look at the sky. Someone is looking at it and thinking of you
I said this exact same thing
Sagittarius with a Cancer moon
We grew together
Enjoy your Senior Show Season Dad
Listen to - by on
Watching the National Apology
omg so cute!
Amen
Photo of the day
Thank you bro
Hace 3
Aaaaah mds
Tbt com minha fechamento
Drop Names I need more friends and more
I this...a LOT. We're Americans first. We need to rebuild a sense of unity as a nation without some war or
I am with my children our big family
Please bring some queens to hull
Meu Melzinho
RT
you would cheer me up so much if you followed me! I love you
i love
Oh geez. That does not sound fun. I am glad my mom is sending tons of homemade soup down from Kansas with my dad
Thank you & friends. Great way to start a new week full of possibilities
I Got You Forever Beautiful
My baby love
someone be the end of your freedom. It should be the beginning of
I love you peanut head
Even though it such been a hell week, iKON keeps hanging on
He looks happy
hehe
I liked a video Fortnite Moments that make you wanna care for and cherish your homies
Feliz wachita, te amo
Happy birthday hanbin thankyou for being a good leader in ikon
Sundays are for snuggles and baby wearing in our Soothe Tank
Molly was having a rough day, so it was
aff te amoo!
20181020 BOF
anything you make is the best
Love in the water Photo by paolopradomd divenet Tingloy, Batangas
Hello children, mamas here
Yie thank you, songer!! HAHAHAHA
X-men, white claws, and pup cuddles.
Truth!
Buddies
OS NETOS DA DONA REGINA
But I see the difference is never letting go
Good stream today got 3 viewers the whole time and I peeked at 5
Hi you should come to MA again some time soon cause I miss you :/
This song is a classic though it brings back memories
HAPPY BIRTHDAY God bless you Doc Enjoy your Day
Jacquie is such a loving supportive friend
Amores
Ilym
gagu ang cute >:(
I want you off my mind and on me . .
holding me closer than ever been before.
It was damn close but once they got that flag I knew it was done. And now Alex Smith is leading his division.
One thing doing right now for fun is watching the new episode of
literally been admiring Kasey all night since she got home I just get over how happy I am and how much grown together
look at my baby so precious
IM SHAKING IN MY BOOTS. 100 LIKES!!!!!!! AAAAAAAAAAAA THANK YOU SO MUCH
boa noiteee
she was an angel
thanks so much for the raid! Made my day!
I miss too baby
I love her
This was so beautiful
Last night was fun. Thanks and thanks again to my loves for asking me to join you.
Y ustedes ya hicieron su reto
fedorento
You are always ready for a photo. Your photos are beautiful
SELAMAT HARI SANTRI NASIONAL
DARI SANTRI UNTUK NEGRI
Love you girl
that means so much to me thank you
Did you see my message on IG?
HAAAAAAA QUE FOFO
Day 1 of Kyle quits cigarettes has begun.
Not adopted by us, adopted by its forever cat family.
So excited for you! God bless you, sweetie!
My heart is warm
i truly hope that he sees this!
Bonne nuit j'aime tout mes followers
Mums
RT if you stan LOONA. Follow everyone who retweets. Make sure to follow back!
THIS is the content I am here for. Off to bed now. To dream of toasty bits.
765 so far because I have also been streaming Speechless, since it is so close to 100k
ES TAN HERMOSA
for a Tbh?
We love helping you raise funds for the people & causes YOU care about!
Everyone add me on snap to become my best friend
KKKKKKKKKKKK Te amo muito
love
A celebration in heaven tonight
Can you do a fall/winter skin care routine for one of your next vids please? Love you Laura
Family
alonda :) i love you so much. you never fail to make me laugh. mwah
bro. It's been a minute. Link up
Minha
I would share with you if I could! I hope things get better for you lady. Focus on u
Omg this is adorable! ^~^
New peep album comes out when I should be in nola
MI DOMINGO
The Chivettes are still wearing the new thongs and we couldn't be happier (Video)
Miranda Red (btw sorry about my eye. Long story)
Merci beaucoup rakk sama
Alice in Cardinals
Sending all the love and good vibes possible
YO WTF THE 26TH BOUT TO BE LIT TF UPPPP
Hasta se ve bonita
.
My love at first taste
.
.
X X S . C O F F E E . S P L E N D I D !
.
.
SAVE THAT FEELING FOR WHEN YOU GET HOME
Thank you !
That woman's my hero
Amor
Hiiiii.
BRB. . crying love you so much
RT if you love the pork and greens at Saw's!
YALL COMMENT SNAPS!! Adding everyoneeee
RED
El mejor youtuber
YALL COMMENT SNAPS!! Adding everyoneeee
E isso
Thank you Bev!
This is not the tweet you are looking for.
I said just to bring me a ...
killin me smalls
thanks
Aww, that's sweet. I did my best to make her look nice. Thank you.
Trust me cause ilysmmmmm
Yeayyyy! EXO is coming!
HOW do you feel about being a GODDESS !? THIS IS THE POWER OF LOVE
Remind me to teach my German this...
I just saw the tiniest humming bird ever
More years to come
alonda :) i love you and thanks for being a crackhead cause you always make me laugh. mwah
I love you honeybunchess Super proud of you and your art. You're making history.
never had anyone make my heart skip a beat that fast
So cute
Love Harry and Meghan
hanash! Yey! Reunited with my favorites!
Missing you Mama and Papa! Taguig City
The Good Dinosaur has become a must in our home before bed
How does she continually do this???, Always Stunning! the look.
Thanks for this ga :) u have such a kind heart I would rlly like to win
Fun time in Weston today hiking and seeing the nature with my cousins, Aunt, uncle and brother!
Miss you on GH, so looking forward to seeing you on on Oct. 28th.
glad doing better
Sandals , cute dress and ponytail . Time for Megs and baby Sussex to relax
header
Et merci
meu jinchuuriki favorito
Love.
When your best friend is here for the weekend.. spend the night with her. Drove to eagle pass saw a movie, got
Thanks mom and dad for the new car, I love it
Headed to the movies .. date night
I Ariana but NONE of her clothes fit? Just sayin...
"it's time to talk to each other, no faith"
you might need this
My dog is Falcor
Surpresa de 2 anos
Omg doing this?? Ahhh this exactly what I wanted.
Woman in red
Deffs gonna listen to advice
That is so cool I hate Scotland haha I really wanna go to Canada or America
Color Basketball Learn Colors for Baby & Toy Bear Video For Kids: via
I know how you can teach ANY grade without read alouds!! even adults love them!
I love you more than anything
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Bailee!
BUBARIIIIIIIIM
STILL MY FAV PROJECT
Nothing but the best, man
It has been such a beautiful past month, and I want to spend way more months with you to your side, I love you
Woot! I am sooooooooo excited.
bom , eu te amooo
duuuck! this is so cuuute :'D
and you added Chan as well, my heart T T
My lovey dovey babes
supporting you always z
Otw to school
TO BE KILLED 10/22/18
As gentle and sweet as can be ~ Pink is a shy flower. Lovely Pink is a wam, loving
OMG!! I want ones so bad!!! They are so cute.
Exciteeeeed! Sana! Pero wait, naaliw ako. Hashtag suggestions ba yan?
greatness only for a mind like yours fella
L V E this !!
spoookymami: I human rights
Incredibly kind words by Thank you
Merecido
There is still goodness here...
Me very lucky, I caught 2 Beldum iv shiny
Thanks for the coords..
Perfecto
Good feeling em Oktoberfest Blumenau - Oficial
My first japanese drama. So many memories...
sdds joaozinho
beautiful! Typical leftists. No arguments, only insults.
Os mais
Aww beautiful
hi baby I u so much wish u could notice me
"it's time to talk to each other, no faith"
Church was so good today
hbd to my most favorite rat!! hope u had the best day miss u tons :(
Finally got this book just want to let you know how much I love your poems and thanks for creating these
so blessed for you guys
Soy fan de refresher
ms rants about climate change
3 Days nalang Iskoberfest Na MakiJam Na Brought to you by PUP Maragondon Central Student Council in
love yooou so much walahy
please follow me sister
;0; thank you! I see the original thread for some reason! It must be private, but I appreciate your kindness
please come to Mozambique I can't stand just hoping to see you
i love good witch
I LIKE MY TL DRY AND DEAD COLD SO LIKE AND RETWEET AND REPLY A PICTURE AWSTEN KNIGHT/ OTTO
it's time to talk to each other, no fight"
found somebody I can trust for once
So proud of my girls for an incredible regular season and good luck in playoffs!
River - Brishop Briggs
will forever be my I love you
Congratulations hope he is the right one now!
thank u !!
no female take my girl spot my heart fr
PARENTS
bucket list Meet
I love you so much
a beautiful dancer dance your out!!!
Awwww
Thank you for an amazing day attending Community Health Fair at Masjid Al-Salaam
Np (also like my pinned tweet it's too underrated and I'm mad that my genius isn't being appreciated)
2014/2018 | Hope that beautiful smile never change ever Annaaa
I have to admit to something... I love with my whole heart I want to help him so much to get
Always with my lucky number
Honestly my main goal in life is to find a love so strong in Christ that nothing/nobody can break it
Congratulations guys
Yes of course they can Michael how they get my help I always give my name your bang on
Step 1 rebi, reset everything. This will hurt pero kakayanin mo diba?
Mais um dia mt especial~
20.10.18
Has to be Claire Jamie!
I sucked off a stranger in a public park today, and we got caught
Get more of my videos on ManyVids!
Aww, what a great pic of you guys!!
Badge of honor
Soy muy fea sorry
a5ooo
Tbm te amo
My favorite part of my everyday
She's 100% RED.
i want a tattoo of something drawn plz plz plz
What we would do without you
the other way round princess
always
THANK YOU EVERYONE THIS LITTLE GIRL HAS A COAT AND PAIR OF BOOTS!!! CALL TO ACTION We have a
Te amo
Gigi Hadid via instagram: home to my happy
pick them up this week!
literally been waiting up to tweet along although I watch it yet..
Comodito estoy!!!
If y'all could take a moment give a prayer to Ruby thank you
thank u mrs.shannon i cant wait to see either
The second season of Big Mouth is so good I watched it in a single day and I didn't even notice.
i think u got this girl u the best
red bone perfect
Hugs right back to you! and it's amazing God could do something like that for you!
Love it
Congratulations boo
so proud of you. Senior year! get it
LOVE. And have something quite similar ;).
Aww Molly so so sweet! Definitely needs to happen! Ily
Grateful Blessed
Happy birthday
Happy Birthdayyyyyy , miss you!
happy birthday
Angel - with their angelic voices
Fab day off in Amsterdam with one of my besties
goodmorning
just quoted obama and in love. when they go low we go high.
Ya vieron a Orestes en Distrito Salvaje??
I can't wait to see you, and wrap my arms around you.
blessed. ask for pandora, I get it.
7:07 to
Have a nice day with full sun my daday. Good morning
Things That Bounce Thursday (18 GIFS)
esa paz
two beautiful souls
so happy about creon's change of
I want Olive Garden
one thing I can say about my guy friends..... when with a female, they treat them like Queens
hey man my twitch is id really appreciate any help i can get
finally gonna do this
I don't know why people keep on bashing you because of vince. Don't worry, ship ko kayo! hA
My kyuutie and poging inaanak.
soo cuteeeee
Thanks, that really means a lot
Tom is standing on a crate, because Boss is really tall.
By far my favorite thing to do is nap with Axel.
Uma princesa
The Gospel tickets are now available for only P30
Have you heard of the Gospel? If you haven't, we are
Transgender people are beautiful they deserve to be acknowledged and accepted as a
I regional airports - esp the ones that share the field with
Fieyyy! May Allah ease everything for you. Fiey kuat tau. Baca doa banyak2!
Please help my cousins family out!!! Anything helps
I needed this family time today
Thank you so much for sharing been there and so hard to recognize when being
17- Wolfgang Novogratz
Touch My Body Challenge *Loser Eats Hot Pepper* LINK IN BIO Go SUBSCRIBE therealstorm_
My heart. broken..
My loaf.
I love you
Sending him lots of love
Es la mejor
your voice is amazing
We
I just rewatched that day So good. But sadly, so rare.
Sending my flyers off to Reno today!!! Hope to VIBE and network with some familiar faces!
you deserve the world king downplay yourself
sorry to hear that struggling but keep fighting!!
Thank you, love
fam
you know alreadyyyy
If I lay here, if I just lay here
Would you like with me and just forget the world?
thank you mira saviour
This is so awesome and beautiful!
THE FUCKKKK!!!
Your eyes look unreal haha very very pretty
Linda!!
Work at Home Reader with Measurement Inc.
DM me if you want In Your Hands
There Are Sexy Chivers Among Us (84 Photos)
THANK YOU ANGEL!!
So beautiful
Scorpio Season like right there lol 13 days until my 23rd
I really liked how Jeniece said this:
smallest of actions can inspire the biggest of movements
remember to breathe you got this!
Aww, Venus! Thank you
Assalamualaikum
Allah is the best planner.
"If something good comes in your life, it is because of the Mercy
Congrats!!! So happy for you!!
Identical
I pray for my own strength been through so much man..
u so
fuckeh
precious
when u
get me a
I ship them but this is lowkey cute ... look at his smile
RED
FB/RT
Learn healthy cooking
Sweet Cardinals Of Mine
morning
You are my senpai
Manas
What a fortunate turn of events .
I the view from site.
555555555555555555
Babygirl
You make me tear up
Cheesecake available in Blueberry and Chocolate flavor. Dm me now
sweet xo dance, run.. you have all the right moves
Omg!! Bless u..bless your beauty
HOW and WHERE can I get a Q sticker???
Que Partido maes
Halloween slashes its way to the top of the box office
Simmmm
No doubt whatever comes next will be amazing!
I am Always truly Captivated by your Portrayal of Eric Brady. You truly were Born to
Same here - thanks to
HAPPY SIX MONTHS TO MY BABY BOY
Kharal ma chanzer ko alors
girl dnt gas me!! , but thanks girl!
thank you
Thank you for a short but good afternoon on cam everyone!
Thank you
Wanda is a literal nazi sis right. Mcu wendy is a literal nazi
Lets go testy been a supporter since 15k so glad to see you hit this milestone, keep killing it bro
I Keynote, but this should be easier
De polo e beca
Play with me, daddy!
gn to ******* and the cutest birthday girl, miss
If anyone says any rude shit, worry about it doing great
my mf cousin
Being in Nature is peaceful for me.
After this weekend, learned that Juan has been such a blessing in my life.
Why are you so beautiful?
Awesome! Also, my birthday is Nov. 7 so yay
cry because over. Smile because it happened ily
Why is Harlow so cute
YESssssssss! Alarm is set!!!! RandiAGold will be there
P. S. Thank you for sharing all of the videos; your amazing wife is one of the reasons I fell in love with theater.
me your little Venice bitch
These Queens
Retreat with my family of Salsa libre Castaic Lake State Recreation Area
Just be sure to take care of yourself your health is important
lovelyy
Goodbye Chicago
HERMOSAS FRASES DE AMISTAD via
Ahhhhh
I was on this
When bae is at work I real life be bored asf I miss him
deserves the world
Sharing is caring
Awww a Greys Anatomy reunion my heart is happy
hi please unroll
Electro Swing
Happy Birthday hardworking leader I LOVE YOUUUUU
I love being able to help my mom when I can I bought her groceries today and she was so happy I can never
Escucharlos me relaja ):
Red
I will always respect you and your opinion Angelis so much respect and admiration for you baby
Woo! Can't wait to see y'all there!
What a sweet boy I hope he recovers quickly and I'm glad you found the owners!!
I got Janis!
hihi
Te quedo genial
"/r/Pixar's User Flair maintenance is now complete! You can use this guide to choose from one of our roughly
So GLADEGAISE
Your awesome funny beautiful smart crazy love Ive never been to Moscow but now on my
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Haley!
My heart is full of love
removed the profanity from this meme
Came to see Byrd today glad doing well .
only* gn to those babies only
thank you tet
welcome back anxiety attacks and seizures, missed you
Congrats to my best friend !!!!! big things coming your way
Day 2 Amsterdam
Brudda explain how proud I am of you. Keep it up
He did. Thanks Shelley.
Thanks Zach I really needed that rn
Take your time love no need to say sorry it all okay
sending love from Philippines. wait to watch special later.
Thanks so much for all the clips!
We cute
(Thank you to for the pic )
Your picture is beautiful.
this has to be on a another level of pleasure...
... where McNair park in Pompano Beach got its name
Boruto Header For
RTs And Likes Are Appreciated
Lisa Kudrow
You taught me to
Good Morning
Can I be your own Ernest in your world full of Jacob? hoy ka cute ba!! pero i hope you are ernest :(
sometimes you just need a good reminder that there is hope: this is your reminder
thank you so much
Good morning!!! Happy heart. Hehez Thank you, Lord.
Love Sean Hannity!!
Oh!! Muchas gracias
Saying s prayer for Lil Tay! Smh
Massive Monday Mounds (57 Photos)
Hey This is cool!!! Thanks
always love alam mo naman na lagi lang ako nandito for you more adventures with you
Thanks love
Kkkk ainda fecho 10/10 ctg pow te amo
I love you to I really needed that right now
missing you too
We love a celebrity that used their platform to speak out on wrongful things cops are doing
It makes me happy when people tell me my food is good
Just bring me solo over to hang out
I want a bond so tight that even on bad terms you still run to me 1st
Tun, as PM saw himself as a servant and did not consider the cabbies lower than himself. I Tun all the more.
Baby
iloveyou
really deserve the world
My heart! I love the so much!
beautiful out tonight!
Gyeomie de Law Of The Jungle Gyeomie bronceadito
Cr. Qhynh
ChocoPao| YGG7PERU
miss you bro
I will give you more than 5,000 hugs
my pretty bitch
Our Fan Struck Gold again Go Chase Go it get better than this
sigh love y'all
Amei e tirei o jimin
Let your heart smile through your eyes
Its the best spook i've ever had
back at Thank you to everyone who keeps on voting for
Will do cous! Tyty love u
happy birthday ben hope today was awesome ! miss ya
My lil cupcake
Sinend lang sa'kin thru screenshot. Di ako aware dito. Hahaha. Thanks for the feauture Stories & Secrets PH.
thankss
Thank you for reading it
keep fighting we are here for you.. I hope you reach out soon
Any day with this girl is a good one
my girlfriends birthday on November 17th and a big fan of yours. love a little happy birthday message.
If you're reading this, good night
Lord
Please help sharpen my mind so you can pour words from my pen to paper for books I will be writing!
Love it Congrats
How my skin glows when I see u
Thanks for the fun stream bbs
Maria e Melim
falta tan poquito
Lol see u when I see u
I'm scared, I've never fallen quite this high. Falling into your ocean eyes, those ocean eyes.
Eu amei essa fotinho
Have a good time
being noticed is sooooo
thank u atiiiiii!!!!
Sounds about right!! I went with my best friend on opening night and going again tonight!
and RT
I'm so happy that your drems come true i hope you always happy taehyung oppa
awesome!
I LOVE U SO MUCH. thank u
Love you my guy
Thank You so much!! Yes Donuts are my life!
I want you right now , not another minute later
Te quiero Eli
Quickest way to make me fall in love.
can I get a follow please?
beyond grateful for everyone in my life
Great weekend with family. Celebrating an engagement and a christening
Saw Something
We stay bumping heads everyday but I trade him for nobody else head ass
I see this face & I believe in God.
Aweeee so big now
Some fantastic skating and programs at love. Respect to all the incredible skaters, coaches and choreographers!
Family First - -
B I R T H D A Y S T R E A M
the pod guys, more please
Love the outfit
Mood zalecam przed Comebackiem
My favorite people in the world... Love then more than anything...
Buenos from Thailand.
Thank you for sharing this.
appreciation tweet to my sb buddy THANK YOU HUHU ILY
Thank you!
We had a fantastic night,can't wait to do it all again some time soon
Compassion.
This is missing from much of the world
HBD Spence, much love brother
te amooo
Sending love and strength
I miss and love you guys
thank you for always making my days happy i love you endlessly
Rudh now streaming Nioh, go show them some love
Thank you love
First time seen this piece on my dad and Barry Kehoe from a 1980 programme
Just love me some
Ganda ng monday morning bunso godbless you more love
naraid66
as1nnbm1fp0p
Family of deer just on the other side of our fence
blessed the FUCK out of us last night that shit was willllddd
I'm going to take tonight off to rest. This stuff with my legs has really drained me. Hopefully be back tomorrow
Nunca tan cierto
K im happy for now
hehe
Birthday Girl
CANDICE SWANEPOEL
Thanks bro
Love it!
lit
NEW DECALS!
We live that Seven Life Here's 7E creator, Gina making those decals for you! Get yours
Sorry Girl!
Id've given you the win cuz I Luv ya so much, I mean fuck yeah...it wasn't against the Pats!
Oct 28 - Announcement With Brand New Poster
Nov 06 - Single Release
My Guess
Thank youu, pres!!
A winning combo!!!!
DONE THANK YOU EVERYONE WHO DONATED FOR THE KIDS
amo tanto..
John Candy
Trust Christ because Christ trusts you ~JP II
Happy Feast Day,
Saint John Paul II!
home.
Craziest week of our life.
Thank you all for the messages of kindness and support.
Everyone loves Ash
THANK YOU!!!!
Amores
I love you BFF
Family comes first and we totally understand, Becca
I Can Honestly Say , I Be In Own Little World & LOVE IT
HIS HOODIE is back
Si a las SAD
We U Blanco!
for a tbh
Happy birthday love miss you beyond words. for life hope your day was
Honestly if we speaking rn fucc out here im good w the people in my life rn
ur welcome
Goodmorning
Happy birthday pretty girl! Love you to the moon and back and hope today is everything you wished for
May naka catch na ba ng attention mo? as of now? Psychology catches my attention
$ bruh you be having me dead in school
I'm so happy that your dreams come true i hope you always happy taehyung oppa
so sweet
Nice!! She thanks you!!!
thank you pretty girl love you long time
Lincoln
always tired but never of you (;
All l want
Love you too! Let's hang out soon!
I carbs. Send help.
In love with your smile Thank youu
You are not alone I hope the anxiety passes quickly for you If anything, my DM's are open and
Just watched Piper and wedding It was sooo magical at end
Yess!!! Haha wait!
Here you go, blessing timeline
Jay_z me contrata cara
Feliz amor
Naiyak ko bigla nakakatouch
i love you GOT7 we're still lucky to have all of you
EU AMO UM HOMEM
back
that feeling when you wake up next to your significant other and curl up with each other and both so warm and comfy
hey come over
Sdds
Listen to by Reem on
Good night i love yanchen, zhengting and EXO
Us against the world
You'll do well babygirl. Fingers crossed
Thank youuu I miss you more, mariang panget!! Ikaw ang basher hmp i love you moreeee
THE KINGS
I'm in love with a stranger
Dancing with the stars juniors is just breathtaking! did PHENOMENAL!
It's still hard for me to adjust to, being the company it is now. I it!
Arghhhhhh
That's the filter love you Tee
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TOSINNNNNNN
I love you so so much thank you for being amazing and just making me feel like the luckiest girl every single day
How are you so pretty!! Im so offended! Absolutely stunning love! Alexa play Gorgeous by Taylor swift
Sem palavras
boy your love got me trippin on
Ikrrrrr literally die to see him perform live his voice literally gives me an orgasm i love you
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE ONE AND ONLY BI
To find someone who fully understands you as a whole and loves you genuinely is so refreshing
I hope having a great day today ..HappyBirthday !!!
Imissyoumoreee
Really good ending to the weekend. Watched Ready Player One with Max. Have a good weeke everyone!
A babe
it really did. we stan queen jennifer
is my favorite time of the year
Te amo
Good luck from Kansas
From amazon
Lindo meu brother
thank you, reigne yasmien!! love and miss you too
I Immigrants
I wanna get to that point someday
you feel like giving me a lifetime of 2.0
Ma Team!
CONGRATS TO MY CODING, LOVE U
Thanks for the positivity boost geist! Ill try to make it so!
Best Commander In Chief
18th years of existence Happ Birthday to me
i wanna go in your concert to see & meet you come to brazil, please. i love you
thank you
11:11 To meet my boys
Love my soccer buddy!!
Happy Birthday Cousin Brian. Your redskins won! Miss you so much.
Happy Birthday Cousin Brian. Your redskins won! Miss you so much.
No beauty shines brighter than that of a good heart
Yes, it is! It always has been, but media doesn't seem to get it. Glad you're speaking up about it
4 hours left until I can go home and cuddle with my dogs
Your hair OwO
We came to Waiheke Island via ferry. It's like something out of a fairytale
.
.
.
seja bem vinda!
Hello guys I'm online now. Let's play!
Went to the patch with my pumpkin
RT npm 6 pro `npm pack shows what would end up in your package. With stats and all.
Thanks for the side buzz, k_discullio. I love that I have so many YOLO friends.
Miss you coyness! So so happy foryaaah!
Is that all fantastic and go you!
When I am with you no place rather be
I feel this sorry for your loss
Talk about Empowering Women! Dr. Rose Backman you are more than Amazing! Thank you for another amazing
Bby.
Danny & Sam
Thank you so much, and ! This is really kind of you
this is for all of my beautiful friends I love you guys
honey mustard
, Amor
maratonei high school musical hoje. amo muito
Yieeee blessing my morning again
Love My lil looney she gets me every time
The
Thank you!! We need to go out soon
Yes but I just moved back to Alabama and have the $ now but one day I pray
L I L Y || lilyavapeterson HMA anetka_mua
You even have to ask twice you can have my heart or we can share it like the last slice
Happy Birthday love your cake
If you guys had Peruvian food then you lived. my gawwwwd its sooo good
sur toi
Yeeesssss
GG everyone!!!
thank you mom i love you so much
by day, by night Today was a good day for family
GOOD MORNING!
My heart is so full di pa ko nakaka-move on
Thank you
Thank you
I want one so bad, been waiting since kindergarten!
Omygosh so cute
Do big things!
Amo muuuito
Minha rara
Thanks Sammy
that will do
all because of your sister
Good morning too
Hahaha! and
Pero pansin ko lang, his hands know where home is...
Will you look at this cuteness? OTP
All people deserve respect and love!!
Feliz domingo
Love you
be missing you Kostka especially our fun moments. See you around
Madre y Agus..
mickey mouse
ahhh KENZ!! Thanks girly I miss U and love u so much I will for sure come by very soon
I heard there going to reboot
Would u come back or do a cameo
Fans would love it
CC:
Marvel's Daredevil S03E03
This is how I walk in the club when my husband and I see a sexy couple that we like
Randomly started watching Ron new special on Netflix and...wow Ron has aged like a fine wine
Happy birthday brother
HBD TO ME
Yo, hit me on Instagram lil_ guchi_flip_flop
Happy birthday beautiful girl! You are so kind and so loving. I love ya and have the best day
It only took him that long to convince me haha! Me too
I can see you in that but RED
Hi again
I hope you did well on your midterms
Asdfghjkl I can't wait to read what happens next to zhengjun
Mind, body and, soul.
7u7 xD
We are, thanks!
Hey you. Yeah, you. checking up on you!
Morning boo.
theveilbrewing: This Tuesday, October 23rd, is the return of redferarri!
redferrari is our DIPA luxuriously
Lindo bb (y bbs)
Omg, Kim, i adore Khruangbin and you post it. I love you
oh my goddd these are so sweet thank you so much absolutely made my week. Please go check out Kelly's
Love You
Last night was kuu as fuck. I missed Tomar we all need to get back tight like we used to
When he opens his arms and holds you close tonight it just feel right cus I can love you more than this
They are so beautiful
hope you have a good leg of the tour
I think "2019" will be a shining year for New album, many big collabs coming, I'm mad excited
Thanks for checking on me
This is sooooo awesome!
Morning guys,@CashCowSun7 and
I appreciate it soo much
I am becoming a different person every day & I am so happy to be meeting the new Lexi.
SUNDAY!! - & back with another requested video!
Sabrina Claudio -Frozen Cover Acoustic Version
TO MORRENDO DE AMOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOR
magda! so pretty and such an incredible artist, i could never have the patience to do all of that!! i love u so much
Thank you Sir Migs
Happy birthday ate jayvee
Back hug
awww thank you so much
I suppose and
Dunno why, ask Just enjoy the action on screen
You will never walk alone
El mejor final de temporada
Kudos for sm giving an english trans
wait to take Kiem to Nola
I know thank you I love you
happy birthday pep
Aww, thank you, incredibly kind.
the best.
play about mines
te amo
Animal lovers, unite! is in Austin to learn the best ways on how to get involved with animal rescue
LE DERNIER STEP
hermano.
ok but outfit looks great
Dr. Vanessa Haygood! I go to her, she is top rated and also makes the experience very comfortable
It was a good day
Heyyyyy nigga nerds
good morning to ot9 exo ane ot9 nine percent only
*virtual hugs*
Fedorento
My heart was given to my best friend yesterday
You were the best lastnight girl!
NACE UNA ESTRELLA - oficial "Shallow" - Oficial Warner Bros. Pic...
Words describe how amazing she is thank you for bringing so much happiness into my life I love you so much
forever be my rock.
ik
Aww, what a sweet father/som moment between Sam and Nick
Beautiful angel.
Valentine
This year you're mine elmories!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
I miss you sissy
Aww I love you so much
I finally did this year for my nd birthday Girl I keep that thing in my glove compartment sweaaaa
OK MAS :')
BOO! We Claude's Chocolate!
Tan lindo
very sorry for your loss
The thing I change are the reasons you love me
You are so loved, my dear
KKKKKKKKKKKKKKK te amo anjo
please help by donating if you can. If you please help with a retweet
Free shipping Sunday
Sizes 7 & 10 left
No restock
True to size
CLICK LINK IN BIO TO ORDER
Thank you so much Federica
Ya viendo love this show smmmm
The sweet pieces life gives us. Like a kind big brother.
Y a la izquierda amiga Fefy mommy to be..
Bonne nuit TM
Terrible weekend for you bud... sorry
Happy kiddo? Kendall Jane Lapad Noo.
GoodMorning with Love.
proud of you
ayiiiiieeeeut ship
This song is a good idea for Saint Valentine I IT
Weekend was real cool man
Because of you, I laugh a little harder, cry a little less, and smile a lot more.
Pero business is business.
Can't, but ty (see also reply to Mel)
I'll probably be asleep but congrats, I love you, and I'm so proud
Thank You Abria
Thank you +
Thank you!
THANK YOU I APPRECIATE YOU. I KNOW YOU DOING THE BEST YOU CAN.
oh no dad my new friend shelby is having a party on sunday so i cant come over rip
--
MGA PAK NA PAK. HAHHAHA. LABLAB MGA SISTERS KO.
LAGOT WAKU PICTURE NI UNDET NKITA SA GC NATU GUYS
HAPPY NKO
love and - Ruby via instagram
Congratulation addison
Heyy babeh. I think i wanna marry you~
It bother me at all when people leave my life bc I know the good ones will still be there
I love you too betch
Thank you so much, faith!!!
I love this
thanks for the follow love be a stranger
She Keeps Me Going
te quiero
That girl say she grown grown
Que buen tema
all that matters
Am I 80? Cause I
I have three dachshunds they are the best PEOPLE ON THE PLANET
Cant wait to have my tix
Love the little one he is awesome,love you guys a great pair. Thank you for sharing apart of your life with us
with in Paris
Source : Instagram Story
Vai ser muito bom
Ily more betch
Kimi finally won a grand prix
thank you beautiful
So gothic so gorgeous nails by Shop for featured nail charm, studs & Swarovski heart
Have a blessed monday
Hourly Jonathan
Every day without them
Goodluck my babiessss
My first plant baby This is the first time bloomed and such a proud mama!
Date night with my fiance
Eu morro de amores
Praying for a speedy recovery!!
thank you
Love me or hate me .. I'm still gone shine day or night
why I read that , lol that was my babyyyyy man still love thou
What a good husband!
1 million dollars in 12mths all made online
Want to know the secret?
Live webinar tomorrow drop emoji for access
need my assplay to feel powerful so i can shout racist slurs
Already following me
Told my mom I was going out to eat with and she replies: are you two like Me:
YOU Need to show Georgia this CHER
Thank you, you legend!
2decades and 1yr of existence thanks god
Refuse to be fearful about what will happen to you. God is faithful and He will take care of you if you trust Him.
Beautiful
THIS MADE ME GIGGLE PFF ur silly and smooth! i love you aris!!!
And when you smile
the whole world stops
and stares for a while
Wish Me Luck! Thank you so much for doing this!
Thanks my friend. If I feeling so crappy I honestly bother. I hope well
Mornings with you like this Good Morning, Love
Our Buffy may not be a vampire slayer, but she can slay a or two! Her personality is all sweet earnestness. On
Por fin puedo entender algo
but seriously happen one day!! literally what you deserve
Mi bella Emilia
Happy Birthday Mitch, hope a good one. Much love brother
Thanks for all the followers today
Reached enough followers to become a twitch affiliate!
the answer to the first question!!
Thanks so much for doing this for !!!
I LOVE HOW THEY TRANSLATED IT
Saudades da minha filha e capista favorita!
Thanks Lani!! So are you ily
Sooo stunninglove u girl thank you for sharing
Hair: 24 26 28 with 20
we love you Justin no matter what
beautiful
Lucky for my Bf
Of course i love you Sam
I really don't know what to say. Thank you all for an amazing stream.
oh and good night LO
So lucky I have the sub that I have. amazing
Alright then, bye bye
Caught Up With Most My Cfs
- Spams??
Welcome back, Lady! Missed you!
You guys are the cutest !!!!!
Daniel please
Love it do far, and the Ruby Heart is beautiful!
Anything for you
9/10 at first??? SIS i am as soft as they come
My mom shows me every day how to be as strong as her.
Tweeted from my dorm bathroom
Last day of the Practice Tourney! Come chill
asdfghjksldjgka these dorks
I liked a video Vaya Con Dios - a woman ? +
Congrats bro love ya big time
Thank you sm Martha
NWT BRAHMIN SYDNEY HANDBAG IN CHESTNUT BROWN BEAUTIFUL PATTERN W REG CARD Be Inspired!
NWT BRAHMIN SYDNEY HANDBAG IN CHESTNUT BROWN BEAUTIFUL PATTERN W REG CARD Ends Soon
got you brother
When I think about it I cant believe the twins are so close to me like...
I'll follow back you seem cool too lol glad there was no hard feelings
Watching a movie with my mommy hope we fall asleep lol we both tired as shit
I SO remember "Tiki Tiki Tembo"! It was one of my favourite stories when I was a wee lass.
For what I've read so far... Kimi victory is a win for most of F1 fans...
Go for the win!!! Bring home the crown of Miss Globe 2018 ate Michelle Gumabao
Amazing few days jennycrawford_fitness California
please help with a donation if you can. If you please help with a retweet
Yay for you! & make your voice heard!
Valentine
This year you're mine bandeli_jaque!
And you, whom will be yours?
Carrera 2018
Market Cap: $209,260,705,482
BTC Dominance: 53.72%
BTC: $6485.28058421
ETH: 0.03174278 BTC
XRP:
JUAN LUIS AGONCILLO
Make a way for the king. The King is coming
High on life
happy birthday twin
That loyalty come out ya pockets that shit gotta come from the heart
Someone studied hard for church tonight! So grateful for her heart to know God at such a young age
, happy birthday !!
wait till my sister graduates
i realised .. all my bias from other group have 'tall'? noses Jaehwany, Jungsoo, Inseong, Mingyuuu, Jinu, Minoo and Younghyunnie
New on Twitter and looking to gain a following
Like or Follow me for a Follow back
muy bonito
they are so amazing
thank you bols!! imym
HOW ARE YOU SO PERFECT?
11 Days to go
I liked a video Fortnite Moments that make you wanna care for and cherish your homies
Hello baby EXO-L, how does it feel to see and experience OT9 comeback for the first time? Congratulations babies!
It looks good
I everything about my Sunday evening.
Feeding the hungry
LOVE!
find the words to describe how much I love New Bern!
good morning. tyL
if you have insta love to follow you
Thanks for translating this and making it easier for the international fans
friend ko 'to since elem, mabait tsaka nanlilibre Iagi dati bond soon tayong elementary
2 months
Thank you, Hanbin. Happy Birthday to you
Inspire entrepreneurs
Such an awesome song!!
Buenas noches
Game time!
The Lala Familly
magda! [@wwyitmagda]
so pretty and such an incredible artist, i could never have the patience to do all of that!! i love u so much
Aiiiinn mt fofura
Good morning... I love and miss my 'the heal' babies so much
love you graceeeee
good game very close but always go Cowboys but your always be my favorite Driver
Laugh harder, smile bigger, love more
It's 37 degrees out but my kids want ice cream and so let's do this because MOTY.
look how cute!!!
[166]
when he follows you on twitter relationship goals
I you with my whole heart
I prefer bash brothers. Also can say it better
I love this tweet!
Skip train
bobby getting tattoo on the same spot hanbin did is his gift for his bday
Falou a mais linda
UNIDOS POR PRAZOLI
Um desse
I used to endure the pain that comes with my struggle, then I found out about His yoke that was lighter . Excess
My soul
is now online
Regram from
.
Healthy FRENCH TOAST alternative
.
I mixed 100ml of egg white with a
Love you! wait to see you
Yes. The gesture has comforted me (Act III, scene iii, 165)
watta good morning
I fall leaves! Such a gorgeous evening with one of my favorite families. First Look | Andersons jaceyb11
El lindo
Good morning!!
Lord knows my heart. I love that guy.
Hey you guys when are you streaming again i haven't seen ya's in awhile
Came home from our Halloween outing last night to this
Amor meu
Da melhor forma com eles
Miss you Coach Hargrove!
Happy birthday abby!!!
I love you my sweet baby!!!
Congratulations to all those who got lucky. I really appreciate y'all
Much love from your favorite Coffee seller
This is how I WERK IT in the club when my husband and I see a sexy couple that we like
Lots of love and hugs from down here Sara
Good Morning Kyungsoo!
Lil trouble maker that keeps me up all night
I hope so too honey thank you
uns amores mesmo
Thankful that I got to spend with my mama you have been my inspiration since day one. Best teacher
One year ago I joined Twitter because of Jae
Kawaii Tomatoe Lord
Goodmorning love
I A star is this evening , What a movie
Fantastic You
Tem coisa melhor?
Both so beautiful through and through
Mustafa ve Ali
And Nick decorated for Cassie.
Thank you!
Ily2 and make sure you go to sleep in the meantime too
Send you positivity and more, family
My baby so cute
Doctor pain!!! Thank you so much dearahhh this time confirm fulfill your promise
Aw
I am you wish me luck
That's the power of EXO-Land that is my fandom
It was good to see you
Sunday night football wooohoo go Chiefs!
I will. And thank you!
GLOW UP!! I LOVE THIS
Never It was so awful.
I have spent literally the entire day just reading. I haven't done this in years
My heart:
Por mais dias assim
welcome
& Check Ur WhatsApp .. A Pic I Sent U... Might Cheer U Up a Bit
Hey you are a legend sir!
. Thanks ya!
Las lindass
Shoulder to shoulder Lexi. Together as sisters.
The sister in laws donning burgundy and polka dots!
Im in stafford if thats sny help baby?
We're in a legal dispute right now, thank you so much for getting in touch though
what we do within that time that determines what happens next
Every time someone asks me like this kinabahan ako, skin care naman pala HAHAHA
yessss !!! i love it
Only the strong survive
Forever my heart Oct. 17, 2018
UGH THANK YOU SO MUCH
Brainy is right, pizza cures everything
Take a good rest dear
Food is life
I liked that clickbait
Happy Birthday!!!
Yes!! lets do this Clockblockers!
getting to spend a couple hours with my aries twin in my city felt surreal. love you forever
A new bud called Chako!
We found them workin' up a sweat in The Flame Ocean!
...
So worth the wait !
Amassa
Thanks Ems. gorgeous here
Thank you, miss you
freeze some for you sis. lol
Awww, thank you so much
Nice meeting you all
morning
Only if you taste like cinnamon
From
To .............
I LOVE MY GIRLS TO DEATH!
My ride or dies forever
Snickers and ice cream for sure
I miss you too friend
Goodluck
hi self hehe magiging Doctor ka din in the future!!
Wow I love it.
Wtf ...Best ship ever ---------- -- If you love anime...then don't click here
Te amo TVEInternacional
love you righty
From the original pic, to my artwork, to the actual ink!!! Torch Tattoo
Happy birthday to your wife, Harry.
for a tbh
what a silly dream
MELHOR
em Botanical Garden of Curitiba
Love and miss u
Wow my best friends are ADORABLE
All red everythang!
Amo vcs pprt
Los Angeles Magazine 2018 Seriously the best food event in LA!
~
Longest line of the day
senior hoco
Regardless of how things were before, still capable of being great!
Aww happy to hear you like them sending you love and hugs
totally in with badge with a clickable button that sends an instant email when you bump!
tell her i say happy bday and i love her
w/ Thank you everyone who can out and showed I rock with all
Thank you. Always a beautiful day even when it's cloudy
Happy birthday to you Chocolate Drop worry, embarrass you with some old pictures when my old phone
please bb
Come back in Italy, baby .. please .. I love you ..
Great pics!
Sometimes when she sleeps, she needs to touch me.
/// this tweet for a nude!
My grandfather fighting for his life just to see me make it the love I have for that man is endless
Aaaa. one of my favorite songs from HONNE.
Vem bbzinha
dojoon
Love this idea
"Call upon me; i will respond you"
(Ghafir 60)
This man!
Very good Charlie. God is listening he will make things right. Good always wins.
Lmfaoo never been jealous always been happy with me periodt .
Pretty sure I just heard your Daisy commercial
Sundays are for coladas +
Bonnie > All
This woman deserves the best
I liked a video Wish Love Could Cure Cancer!
RIP PEEP
up there stuck there
Pintinho NXKANXKANDKANDKA
My twin(mommy) and I
beyond proud of you and everyone else should be too
Invites will be sent to your Paypal emails within the next 24 hours.
Thanks for your support
awwe, we can still keep in touch!
QUE LINDAAAAAA VER ESSE SORRISO DEIXOU A MINHA NOITE MELHOR
LEGENDS
Album of the year and Kings
Miss you my sweet little bean, hit my line any time you need to talk
amazing!
Silly selfies with my babe
.
.
We Yarka
Muito obg
Thank u to you both then!!!
Aah, muito obrigada
Sorry for your loss
please read your ig dm
Saw thislate. I had a great one. Happy start of week
bestest best friend anyone could ask for. i love you so much
The younger grizz?, , keep up the trolling it!
I love that... thanks
So beautiful Spooners Cove
We are a team baby, I love you too
watching for the first time bc I Theo from and this movie has me shook It is
Pretty swaggie momo
Hi Ate Have a great day ahead! Gob bless!
Lena gave up on healthy food for Kara
Check your dms boo
home of the best vibes and people
Lovely thread
Jeans Marie cantando "The way you make me feel" fez minha noite, que voz gostosinha
House clean, laundry going, dishes done, lunches prepped, homework finished, tired puppies sleeping on the couch. Good Sunday night
People suck, I love you
thesissyrevolution: Your sissy purpose
Thanks for the pix and this post!
hoco pt. 2
Yessss twon
can't wait babeeee
inspiring
Love ko yon
18 days until in your arms again
21h18 e eu cantando Amy Winehouse
7/9 and Hugh!
Happy Birthday B.I, Kim Hanbin, iKON Leader, Rapper B.I
I hope you always healthy and
Te amo, feliz
Boa noite
Agree with you Eric Trump! I u , Lara,your son and Entire Trump Family! Strong,great intellect and doers just
My mans 87
James Horner je
Omg Jesperi mom.
real hotgirl shit
you truly are greatness on and off the field
Merchbot admin deserves to be employee of the month
It seems like you know when watching your videos. You tweet soon has I start watching them.
Well Plated Oven Ranch Fries via
Thank you love
my life happy 8th!!!
Thankyou you have given all us so much courage
I be stuntin like lil cuz went out there and followed in his footsteps he set the tone its only right that i
I U
Thank you ate.
H.b.d my sis W Yarab ashofik daymn b5ir a5er 3id melad Leha f betna ..... she loved my
can you write like 15 more musicals and can I be in all of them? Ok love you byeeee
Thanks I know u all are that's why I love h all very much I'll come back don't worry I won't
I met my bf exactly a year ago at a concert he came for in my city and little did I know we would become anything, life is so crazy
Have you got home safely?
The beauty of it is...thats not even their kid
We paying for nails, hair,& eating her pussy 3 times a day in 2019
That's so sweet
You will always be one of the people i admire. Happy birthday leader B.I
Amor de vida
I LOVE you.
thanks chan!!!! miss you cutie pie
She's literally the most beautiful human being ever to exist.
so very sorry for your loss Lauren. We all love you & are praying for you & your family. Take all the time you need
Love it
dnd
Yea I remember hahah and people agree I should get it done
Mines is itsbrima_
This was made by the love of my life
I love you
I don't know any doyoung stan that ships dow*o... We're intellectuals indeed
Wow thank you all for loving my man
Last hoco
Handsome groom
I want some jimmy choo moon boots badly!
: _eyeeat
Seafood Ramen
.
.
.
Thiss guyy..
Is the best boyfriend I've ever had.
HAPPY ANNIVERSARY. Thankyou always.
Fortuna,Sky City
Meu
Keep doing what you feel is best for you
Mon p'tit Homard des
Aww I'm so sorry, you don't deserve this. I'm here if ya ever need anything. Goodnight
is .
Meu fillie vivo AAAAAH
So long as the memories are there, she still lives.
Thank you so much my man.
Ur so strong and living proof that it can be done and is possible
In case you needed this today
....
Sorry for your loss, sending you &
COMEBACK IS REAL Welcome Lay oppa baby !
Few
believe polls Go Vote Republicans all the way Early Vote Please
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Bailee!
i cant wait to take my honey to the desert with me
Nuestra familia
waterfall.. lemme get a sky no baby no.. you say lemme get a waterfall
You deserve it! You're so incredibly talented
- by jorja Smith will always be my favorite because of the emotional drop and the bass
I had a nice talk with your mom the other day. She is good people. we are down-the-street-neighbors!
Thanks.
Ya le di amor
Thank you friend
bem essas fts
Dm in a few mins?
treasured
Te amo
Everyone meet Albert i am excited to add another Hirschman to the family
Obrigada
We're all sorry for your loss bro
Keana Marie cantando "The way you make me feel" fez minha noite, que voz gostosinha
Indi sila ya mag puli bhaws ky mahal plete kuno haha oh well. Walking is good for the heart
Be proud now, Sis.
Amo demais
Honestly night made! Was having a really bad night and this made it better! Hoping for a New England show on there!!
Back home in Charlotte. Chicago was so wonderful.
Thank you, best cousin! Ngayon ko lang nabasa hehe love you
Ella Mai whole album just give me life
Stunning like my momma
Karlie Kloss's wedding
You are Noticed!
Day 20: - Letter
.
Letter
.
Medium is Wacom Intuos tablet, in Photoshop. Enjoying the practice
Happy 5th Birthday Aaradhana Papa May God bless you always Baby We Love You
so badass!!! Mary
Omg my faves
Not at the moment, but still
Thank youuu, mvp!! HAHAHAHA
Finally getting around to watching So excited to see !
I feel that way and it's been a year+ for me. Here if you need someone
Where my baby belongs
A vida no solzinho
Let me show you
I don't have friends. I have family, and then everyone else.
EVERY DOG NEEDS THIS
World's Most Effective Toothbrush for Dogs->
is killing it!
Ugh I imagine. I am so sorry been through this Olga
Both
I love these songs
Here my parents go ..
Appreciate all the birthday love I've received today
Thanks Eden I'll be back before u know it
hi crush hehe hi hehehe
Good morning
Saeng chukkae hamnida to one of the kindest, sweetest, loveliest and beautiful leadernim
I liked a video TENDREMOS HIJOS? P&R *SIN HABLAR* con SAYOYYI
Without Me
Who is your current Celebrity crush ?
Jin: Rap Monster
YG approves: that is cool
I AM ANTICIPATING!!! I wait anymore. forgotten what is to eat, sleep and work. All I know and
Look at that beautiful smile!
Oh, and no longer single
Again, follow all the awesome ones who like this tweet
HAHAHA IKR help la now also same time sick :')))) take care ya luvs!!!!
Love you too!!
Babysitting little Waylon tomorrow! Baby play date!
i love your voice and the way you talk
This is an issue in multiple faith communities.
I Am A Lioness
always
Not an ounce of hatred in my heart for anyone, wish you the absolute best from the bottom of my heart
good morning!
Some cute shit from last weekend for
{since 2012}
Why
keeping my name? I am truly honored.
Mind freaking
Lindooooo
For I did not speak on my own, but the Father who sent me commanded me to say all that I have spoken. John 12:49
The Walker by Fitz & The Tantrums
I love having my mama and sister here with me .
Massa pra caralho
These Swedish pilots are heating up the cockpit (32 Photos)
Perfect. She should be feelin better soon.
and RT
my heart and my sould kakyut baaaa
Grax gustavo por el wifi se t agradece de ahre
Just heard of 2 engagements within 24hours..tis the season! excited for people embarking on this journeytogether
Goodnight to this video only... my favourite person finally noticed me and I will never get over it
Brooklyn Bridge
My heart is so full with this incredible story...
Pelo oba oba
3 years.
speaking Chinese is
Thank you for supporting me personally in my new decision Victory 21/10/2018
Mine is November 1st!!
You deserve this
Somebody come over and help me get my SR out
ROCKED THE HOUSE at Love her so much!
Had to share this great visual advice from actionhappiness I think add lost in a good Hope
Day 46
Happy Birthday, Rochelle Adaku Bellinger! I could say so much, but I am blessed to see ya every single day. Enjoy the rest of your day
so cute! Happy belated birthday to her
I love you emi here for you
At least all Southerners thick as fuck, what a belter of an interview!
Ay Hanna Me encantan
My favorite gif
I wish my kids would do yoga Shavasana is the best
My sweet pups Little Buctouche River
so happy i was able to have a girls day with Lyss much much much neeeded !!
Last hoco
thank you!!
Love Nikki so much! She will be missed! She took such good care of Christian from Jr High on... good luck to you
Thanks baby
Sa november
What a wonderful story
I thank God for creating you ofcourse you're mom and dad also hahahahah! If you know what I
boy you know crazy over you
Lindo leer esto.
Football is on. Queso is in the crockpot. FALL
I love
It Might Be You
fav song
Thanks buddy!
Perfecto todo
I have the trolls blocked so I can't see what they are saying, but I see you schooling them and I LOVE it, Pink Lady.
sdds do meu bff
Congratulations my man, onwards & upwards
Happy birthday faz!!! May all your wishes come true Enjoy your day
Five to nine
Daytime shooting star
Marmalade boy
Peach girl
Jdrama is
off to see eunwo in few hours hahaha this is it! good morning!
WAKING UP TO THIS IS.........
Thank you!!!
Summon Me
Beautiful day for a beautiful girl.
more than welcome, hope you are healing well
it was an indeed a memorable weekend. Thanks fam and boyfriend!
bedtime stories
The Burg
ot9
So proud
Family
Te amo xuxu
I appreciate that !
What a Day
TRUCOS PARA GUSTARLE A UN CHICO LA DIVERSION DE MARTINA via
Sweet Krissy you are deeply missed!!
Thanks for the kind words my friend
I have one!! It was my When I put it up take a pic for you. prob my fav thing I put up.
Awww thanks Royal!
GIVEAWAY TIME! In celebration of You, I wanted to give Best wonderful customers & followers some on
I love it thank you!
Yooooooo
I need God in every
Single moment of my life
I see the similarities
I this tweet!
Team
(150724 :
I wondered why you were being so public! I this paper sooooooooo much.
raba appreciation feat. >>
Amo d+
!!
ofc
Screen shot and coment
obrigada pelos meninos, Phooto! kkskskdkf
Rosa Parks lesson!
Goodmorning bb
Ya doh
Running a little late tonight! See you guys in 10-15 minutes on
youre a blessing , youre all i ever wanted
LOS AMO LOS AMO LOS AMO LOS AMO LOS AMO LOS AMO LOS AMO LOS AMO LOS AMO LOS AMO
I love u guys
Congratulations
Best news ever
Maris' kind of day.
Bby
Legazpi.
Country roads, take me home
Congratulations Annie on 12K! you! FOLLOW & RETWEET this Awesome Patriot &
yes you are, blessed
My friend just got her new apartment so pretty so proud of her
Do you like peachy nails? and of course topped with some Aurora Fairy Dust lovely nails by
all of you are so sweet
GIVEAWAY TIME! In celebration of You, I wanted to give Best wonderful customers & followers some on
We you
Iti bem mocinha
Goosebumps. Our Queen Taeyeon did that
RT Different point of view...standing in our future backyard
Check out my and
Will be praying for ya all. Hey forget your songs that got ya there. be asked to sing .
congrats on so proud of you and your journey!!
Mi y mis hermanos!
You the best
I watched this 4 times & I absolutely love this
My bad i missed the memo.. glad we on the same page
I know that awesome girl too
and are literally so perfect, I love them
Sab
I love your sound! I might be doing another lo-fi playlist for YouTube soon, would you mind if I shared your work?
my baby made this the best birthday ever
I really love that man
What this world needs more of. Thank you.
Thank you, Kathy!
I liked a video Emotional 1st Time with My Son!
this
SOOO PROUD OF YOU! wait to see all the amazing things you accomplish there love you best friend
The apple of my eye
Happy Gathering
Asia/Singapore
ganda namang trip to hehehe.
HMU by johnponcemakeupartistry
Yay! Thankyou sir
Summon Me
Sorry But I can't imagine 'causebI don't have one.
But this is Love~
We sure will. I want you so much
This
Another wonderful story
They really were meant to meet each other
Awwww escribo halloween y mi teclado hace esto
Khe
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SEO IN GUK
kaedrama
Oh what a day. I my church.
always here if anyone ever needs someone to vent to or even if bored just a DM away
I fortunately have March 16,2018
If I send you memes or GIFS ily
Pumpkin patch with Karla missing aleah ):
To: "Kim Hanbin"
I thank God for creating you ofcourse you're mom and dad also hahahahah! If
Live now on playing some Come by, say hi, and show me love!
Gracias
We will thanks for translating
My husband has it too, praying for you guys
Minha sogra merece o mundo!
Please be safe honey.
To the world just one person but to me the whole world
We will
I'm deeply in love with
We live! Retweets appreciated
Wow what kindness! Tears of joy for the love thank you Sir and Miss for sharing a
hope u love it mama!! ready to see you opening the box!! eu te amo
Happy birthday my birthday twin
No worries! Thanks for doing this! Hope your granma is ok!
THREAD! A lot of this is exactly how I feel about my sister
My
Continued prayers for you
so sweet thank you!!
it was an indeed a memorable weekend. Thanks fam and boyfriend!
This
Car it got 2
House it got 2 floors
Downstairs 1
Upstairs I got 2
Oh I am sorry to hear that.
gabriellechapa Thank you for sharing your talent to help us worship the one true God! Simply beautiful
Actives?
Like = royale bomber code
Love you
Thank you. Even if it doesn't fix anything, support will still always be appreciated. It's nice knowing we're not alone.
quiero mi iPhone
she may deny it, but proof that she has actually missed me and is excited finally coming to visit
Next to you uwu
RBD
wonderful! So excited for those acadecon players
for a tbh
We don't hate you. We love you and so do I
Instagram
.@ArianaGrande today in NYC
have done it without you!! beyond proud to call you my coach
vem
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Bailee!
AAAAAAAAAA OBRIGADO PABLLO E NETFLIX POR IR LONGE DE MAIS
An angel got her wings and hold our heads up knowing that shes fine
our annual community moderator meeting before
Jusq my heart
So glad that I got to see this weekend!!!
Last week of internship (...unta pero gabaha man extensions so char2 ra ni
Bless him man
Wrote a lil love song
so kind, thank you for saying this
Por ti, amo hasta los lunes mi
Love her
I too use alcohol for the brain pills.
Hoping someone can recommend me some
he still looks good anyways
Sending lots of love his way.
happy birthday my love
Love you
Thank you for 2,000 subscribers.
Shout out to "King David". Whats Gucci, bruhhh!?! Be good and "One Love".
que ternura
No one I love more
Wow a big Party in Texas!
Que fofuraaaa
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: FINAL Price NWT - Takeout Crop Sweater
thanks my making my day so special i love you
if someone purchases something tonight throw in a free crystal from my personal collection
Your first trip to the pumpkin patch and OMG you guys are so cute
sending u love and prayers. hope u get well soon!
i would be too after that loss... sending positive vibes
Oh my goodness what a cutie I love him I love how he lies your face. Too cute. I love
Thank you gorgeous!!
Seeing muse today made my whole week
Enjoy your retreat and take care! thankiee
True fans got your back too
Thank you soooo muchhh! If it for you she would of never seen it thank you
eu amo
Thank you
Boletos a los que comenten
happy bday mama !
Te amo
That's wonderful so important during a Kickstarter too!
slash, e backstage
Little appreciation post for the 2 people who support me in any and everything I do
these 2 right here a bond no one can understand. hoco2k18 Hollywood on
Valentine
This year you're mine olilhye!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
free wifi sa intrams
I love your heart.
Happy 18th birthday !!!! i love you!
Hey, your amiga is back! Hit for a dm.
Ignorem o audio
Vamooooos
Yes ! Free will Is not free. I once prayed that God take my free will and replace it with His will.
Rylee is such a beautiful jasmine
LOVE it
Thanks girl!!!!
Valentine
This year you're mine lleavemelonley!
And you, whom will be yours?
Man. 5 years today. Abuelito, we miss you every day
Good luck Ron good luck Rick
Happy Birthday To Our Amazing Leader. You're A Beautiful Person!! We'll Love And Support You
Rob solo panel! With cameo from Stephen (the rest of the band had to leave)
Alex Gordon even looks amazing in Red
Ace family is the stongst l never seen first top trending in the app store aww
Purchasing these Brushfolio Professional Makeup Brush Holders for my kit was the most Amazing and Useful product
how are you?
KAKAKAKAKAKAK te amo
Treat yourself amazing lunch with and
my handsome lil man
Cherry red
Talked Brian into dressing up with me for Halloween!
I sent him multiple ideas & he picked hefner & a bunny
in love just like Donald Kim. Jared MBS.
How an Oklahoma woman learned to fly like an eagle in Mongolia
a shift in your circumstances for your
The word today was timely.
Ayiieee. I miss you more
Aah
So thankful for these podcasts
How can you not like Queen Naija like I just love her lol
I just don't think any amount of fleece would warm this cold tiny black heart
What a night!! Love u guys
Namjoon softest look while hold hands with Jin
My happy lil pill. Good morning Love
Car it got 2
House it got 2 floors
Downstairs 1
Upstairs I got 2
Buenas noches ratilla
**TO BE KILLED - 10/22/2018
A WONDERFUL COMPANION AND PLAYMATE AWAITS YOU A volunteer writes: Sparkle! What a
..
YAAAS FINNALLY !!! My fav soap is finally cruelty
Awh.
Minha
This is what all about, congrats T love you always
Good looks you brat!
Did my very first Wonder Trade today and got a Rowlet on my first go!
Love you so much Morg
This is EVERYTHING!!!
wishing I could be back at a stadium surrounded by lights, confetti, swifties, Karyn &
and I see at work anyways I was jus talkin shit but finna hyb
I love them
Miss Social Media Award and Miss Dream Girl award Michelle Gumabao
is country!
Thanks a lot hadeel
Missing my boy already Texas come soon enough
So this cutie came to visit me today!!
Thanks for bringing your son cc:
Pela Prl
My place 30 mins away from the venue, come w/ me
Have a safe flight Love U
And we're going to make an effort to save this planet we've been mercilessly torturing
I my roomates so much especially considering had some hellish ass roomates in the 3 years since I moved out of my rents
Monday's
It really is whether you love me too or hate my living guts, I legit luh y'all... Genuinely
Corinthians 13:4-5
No one could have explained that better! Love You for this!
AMAMOS
Watching 15 one more time ... not realizing that it has been 5 years ago yet ... so let that sink in Happy 20th Beautiful
Texas tkt sales for Cruz rally tomorrow has exceeded 100,000
I Texas
God Bless Texas
Having sundate after a while
Witik Misorcon Service Team
Congrats Service Team
Until next time
Had fun with the birthday girl help me wish my Godmom a hbd Funny Stop Comedy Club
I hope everything gets better
lmao the perks of being a southerner
We this review spread of in The history of our a government's
My everything
This is such a cute photo
Bellos
Yep! , That's me when I get old !
Thank you lord
Que find
Here's my af and I'm loving it
I love you
Beautiful Angel
Rt
Red is YOUR color
I love you very much! Thank you for saving my life !! I owe you everything
Benny Hill.
Valentine
This year you're mine NlCOLEROW!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
ME TOO!!! I'm in Toronto
YESSS BOO MR. SMOOTH G.Q. HUSBAND SWAGGANATION
Siempre quise una Dolly
Amor maior!!! mais que isso!
happy birthday hope you had a good one bro
He straight regardless.
i hope that i wake up to a follow from luke hemmings because that would genuinely make my entire year
Cause was amazing and I got my cutting board!! this amazing life Epcot - Walt Disney World
Yess Make this happen
When babe just hands you money because I mentioned I wanted carne Asada fries
Feliz dia madres
Partiu festinha
for a tbh cuz gonna be bored working all night
I love you too, lil sis!
I'll protect you no matter what happen, keep be yourself sayang.
**TO BE KILLED - 10/22/2018
A WONDERFUL COMPANION AND PLAYMATE AWAITS YOU A volunteer writes: Sparkle! What a
Get well soon
Currently. RT your favorite love song?
Welcome to the world Grace Mae.
Good Morning
I love you lil baby
my heart sooooo cuteeee
As you should
Congrats bro
Best picture ever!!! ~
QUE NOITE MARAVILHOSA
QUE SHOW ESPETACULAR
QUE SENSACIONAL
QUE FODA
If working maybe I know. When I get done the thing may not flow but learning how to build a better boat.
Homemade chicken noodle soup for mom to help her feel better soon
you entrusted me with the key to your heart
So happy to see Eve back
memory
Beneath a Steel Sky / Virgin Interactive / 1994
I everything about that pic.
Bts is literally my happiness I once told my mom I liked them and she
Fasho, REGAIN
Mustangs 1&1 today. Super cold but always great to watch them play.
Now Playing!
Wow, I had a wonderful birthday weekend
just going to listen to my heart, been working fine for the last 24 years
a good egg. Love it
Amen. You are of the finished workof Jesus on the cross. Praise His name.
Te amo e isso
HACE UN LIAM LE DIO LIKE A NUESTRO TWEET POR EL LANZAMIENTO DE BEDROOM FLOOR.
80's movie night: Coming to America!
Thank you love
Crown Prince DohKyungSoo NamJiHyun Romance...
Currently reading "So good they can't ignore you" by Cal Newport on your recommendation
It's an eye-opener. Thank you
Sunday love Just take the L and move on
AHH! I Love you, first you give me sick beats lmao and now this. Okay gonna listen to this wow thank you
my boyfriend is amazing and I love him sm.
I go to my house for one day & I miss her soooo much our bond is crazy
Sister and brother Init?
awwww
Gma called me 1:20 in the AM yesterday just to check on me
parents
Repairs LovedOne On The Spot
a in
Teaching pride and business skills.
Repairs LovedOne On The Spot
a in
Kiss da Sheriff barkshop
Jimin
Awesome, good luck. Get plenty of sleep tonight and bring lots of water.
Come to aus
Marinate your Sunday with some sideboob (46 Photos)
thank you!!
Aww, Brainy wants to get to know Nia
This reminds me of my buddies
"maha what's up love you" aaah the best video on the internet i love you so muchhhhh
bonito justo hoy me ha dao por mirar Twitter y lo he visto
Linda te amo
can someone add me to the sigma chi gc thanks &
I guess that would make it a world without liberals!
You always have always been kind means a lot
thank you so much girl, wait!!
What an amazing experience
Happiest of Mondays bro
Farewell you are awesome! Keep being you, and I'm sure you'll be remembered for a long time!
go together
I Maddie
Thank you for tweeting this. Many people need to hear it
Once again you out did yourself loved it wait for the next chapter
been a weekend full of laughter and long lasting memories!! I miss my little sister already!
naraid66
kjwi0mz$ss
happy birthday to the one who lets me take pictures of him at the most random times, love ya stoopid
My dad just asked me when going to marry Kevin. He said that with any other guy before shook this is it.
Buy it some gin.
minha preciosidade!
Thank u hehe I love you too
Nunca
Rocket League Tournament is about to start!!! Dont miss it!
Batendo a sdds da
Aweee cute
Yura departure to Hanoi, Vietnam for her 2nd Solo Photoshoot overseas
*wonder if her parents following her
I love you
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: FINAL Price NWT - Takeout Crop Sweater
NAT I LOVE YOU!!
MEU TA CHEGANDUUUUU
Surprise! Happy birthday!
Love you
Pizza dates is the way to my heart ...
and buying me ice coffee
elitelocke now streaming Just Chatting, go show them some love
LA ROMPIERON TE AMO FABRICIOOO
There might be no better feeling than a full fridge an a stocked pantry a beautiful sight
Thank you so much to Ashley who is another New Friend on Twitter! I hope you enjoy my Tweets
Surtout cartoon network
i treasure u guys! spread the love!!! luv u both!
Thank you
Taste me here
Fave motivational quote. Good morning!
Thrilled to have you!! (sorry this comment is eons later! My phone died mid-tweet)
for a tbh
So ready to marry you
I PA
Aerial view of a man-made reservoir, Warren PA
I love you more, Shawn.
Minhas vidas
Last California FOE tour date, go out there and rock out boys!!!
I love you more
Ba? Ehhhhhhhhh godoy sanes GONES
Mais um pouco
I my boy
joa714
C'mon, give me the extra lives,
i will leave her alone if you do
Big love to for connecting my latest release to community radio stations all over Australia I
He was truly put on this earth to give us his gift
oh no sweetie I will read it, eat through it in like 45 mins max!! sure its really good
THIS WILL MELT YOUR HEART This is what showcasing culture through major is all about!
I literally sit in my truck and just vibe. Music Therapy
ALWAYS here. thank you sweet girl!
Thank you to who came and checked out the Sunday Stream
We smashed COD: BOPS 4 all day!
Huge love and thank
Pretty boy
Esas patitas!
en Yellow - Hotel
Tonight
Tonight
Tonight
Tonight
Tonight
Men marenn nou timoun
Saw someone in front of me play songs from Return album
Top
sending you all of my love and prayers to a speedy recovery for him
everything I ever wished for.
i wish you nothig but love and happiness
Tomorrow is the beginning of Red Ribbon week/Homecoming week! red-y to say no to Wear RED tomorrow to start off the week!
Hey
Te amo mi amor
so positive and seeing you on the tl is wonderful, pls take care and know that Shawn and Camila love you so so much
Happy Birthday Gorgeous
tell me how your day was
I do not have the courage love you
Amos; Callmeshuntaee
Peas in a Pod
This weekend was so much fun thank you for inviting me guys
Nothing better than a weekend filled with friends and laughter
As long as they mind sharing cause u have every position filled but on another note
Makes your mouth water so damn sexy
Follow me please, I love you so much
Brincadeira... hehe te amo muito
cold, people. Bragging about being in Heaven. This is my town.
Oh Captain, my captain
18- Channing Tatum
Ikaw mula noon, ikaw hanggang ngayon From 2016 to 2018 and still counting, ILOVEYOUSOMUCH!!
No YOU ARE the universe to me god damn seven lions you hold such a special place in my heart wait to
Long talks with my dad are the best, one of a kind
Happy birthday to my main lady I love you more than anything in this woooorllllddddd
I this so much
Great Humor , Work , Voice & Roasting level , Overall Good Content
Ogrinho
happy birthday my pretty angel. i miss you so much everyday.
CNCO
Happy
How I hear you
You are so very kind Ev Have a great evening
amor eterno
Sdds tbm meu amor
[21/10 21:22] Nycolly: Se ama me estressar
[21/10 21:22] Nycolly: Isso sim
[21/10 21:22] Nickson TB
[21/10
Always a great time when Henry comes to Oxford
C'mon! Give me the extra lives tonight,
Thank you so much honey
down!
Today was such a perfect day to visit! We had the best time ever! Thank you
Thank you forever and I'm only keeping my tweet up because your response is so kind
Thank you
I love the fact that has a colorblind option
Amor
Happy birthday i love you always!
now that you're on twitter, you're gonna witness my daily failures hahaha
Sorry.
Your welcome beautiful
Flatland Cavalry did us some good last night
YESSS WE STAN ONE QUEEN.
NO SON PATRONES -_-
SON DIOSES
i miss you w all my heart, 600 miles has nothing on us i love you
Pretty
I YOU
Watch Mela Bella's broadcast: need a bigger color palette. More variety please
keep her in mine, i hope everything is okay!
Duas mortas
hank is literally like my kid. the whole weekend i here so he walked around wining and barking the whole time
So much love for these beauties
malak!! [@mndsftarreaga] the sweetest and i really wish we talked more, i feel like we would be really good friends! i love u
what talking bout!!! love on each other
Thank you for sharing!
Hermosa imagen, bellisimas risas, plena felicidad.
Girl you right!!
Thai coconut shrimp soup with crunchy veggie tempura made by my 14
much love
Tratinis porfavor
just about to watch it with my kids for their first time! It was my favorite growing up
There is only one happiness in life: To love and to be loved I sure LOVE this family of mine! the luckiest
'We made a bus lift for our dog who has arthritis'
And I am beyond proud.
Thanks, Seb!!
i rlly wanna kiss his forehead and tell him the prettiest boy on earth
Not to mention they all message me next time playing in fab saying they need a dose of FEED THE STRAY. they sound like class A ravers
I got me a supportive little boo
Soo happy to finally see going out with her friends again
Agreed.
Please give her a hug from me.
This gave me so much joy
Kkkjk
I hope you feel better! Love you
Aw, thanks so much for that good to know!
I love so much
Aqui tbm
Today though decorating cookies with my kids and some other little pals we always have the most fun I swear .
Only guy that deserves you is someone who thinks they Life advice from my girl Holly
I love how my 10 year old Mercedes still smashes on brand new sports cars
That is one of the sweetest things I have ever heard! Being a Mama for a sad stranger!
The suspense is killing me
Boa sexta, com ela
Te amo tanto
Donde las reinas del spam changuitas digan presente
That's the power of EXO-Land that's my fandom
I miss Nan too
Lanis next trip at school is going to be so much fun & going to be mommy & lani time since daddy has the academy
Hoy toca Bachata
I love you so much!!! My daily inspiration and that isn't just words because usually i hate everyone but I love you xxxx
Thank you
Cas - we love you guys and keep doing everything your doing
Deixei Zeroo hj
Can you follow me so I can send my address privately thank you so much this will make his
Selfie Time Happy Sunday To You
Passeio
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Bailee!
Babe I love you so much Im glad you could capture how happy you actually make me
Jisoo tu me quieres matar, verdad?
It is now a tradition, love my bf
Good morning to everyone! Sharing good vibes and may all the HAPPINESS in the world be with you.
Have been celebrating my birthday since Tuesday with the best people, had the time of my life
spending the night at the hospital with my dad
red chair aesthetic
You both look so handsome
:(((
I love winter
Me and Jr kicking it!
Thanks best bro hahaha
Finally you are back
The account is a real pick-me-up. I needed this today
Love seeing photos by SnapshotsbySallyJane great Job Noah!
I hope your feed has you feeling a little uplifted. We are many. We will fight with you.
REAL RECOGNIZE REAL
and always show love, always the same, and been solid
so proud of being a LOVE! They are so good with their live performance and their visuals kill!!
Con amor
My heart is full! Love being her Aunt!
hola mi amor
Toothpaste
Thanks booo
I know you, but you just put the cherry on top of my Sunday sundae with this. Thank you.
fave date always JusFruit Canada
I was gonna go surprise my boy during his lunch time but I fell asleep so now trying to surprise him when off so hopefully
mh, ok :(
if you ever need anything, im going to sleep rn but i'll be back in a few hours
Thanks brother link in bio
I love him so much my brother is better than yours!
and you deserve to meet her!!!!! living for this moment!!!!
Thanks for the koala.
Thank you
.. so happy to see you again together..
(even fr afar)
Sir hope
They deserve it!!!
so happy for you right now
I would
God truly calls you to community. Thank you, friends.
Beyond addicted to this damn read it if you haven't Greensboro, North Carolina
congratulations to the new Miss Indiana super proud of you girly, what an inspiration you are to many!! love you!!
I miss you baby
welcomee baby
Amor
My college baby
Thanks
good morning
Getting a double ear piercing tm
thank you love!! ILY2
omg this made my night
Back at you babe.
Saw it last night. Loved it. Will Patton though
Dylan you are a blessing to Earth you smol bean. can't wait for your next movie!!
good luck bb! you can do it!
been the topic of
Pullup
Follow me please, I love you so much
My faves
okay hun add you to the chat!
I want to be strong for you and weak with you
Anytime baby
always here for you
Miss you too
Happy birthday missdeewhite !!! I love you and hope that you have a great birthday!!
Goodnight
when you come to brazil someday you will love the food and the beachs here!
19- Chris Pratt
Shinjini Das: Quiere Que Te Acerques - Hispanic Executive
A depressed and broke cat
You're my dearest friend, my deepest love. You're the best of me. "Mom"
Eu sei lidar com essa foto!
I'm on my deck sipping good Cabernet & thinking about what your up to? Been too long! Miss you girl
My grandparents are out here preaching facts on Facebook
so much on this lazy Sunday,
Hello, old friend... It's been a while
If anyone is having puppies or has them already hmu I want a pup
I love him & lemme go check my email again lol
She ion even know she my
No endorsement means early out, and early out means time with my loves Thank you God!
Living Barbie Doll
I love it!
KIM SOHEE
H U R R Y U P!
L I V E
Yoooo
Biiznillah wa In Shaa Allah..
No, I do not get distracted easily by the word &
I
Valentine
This year you're mine josephtrohmans!
And you, whom will be yours?
They say I'm crazy, but I have a good time, Dahhhling.
So true
The option
get your Seventeen Crew shirts here! the proceeds will be used to help the less fortunate share your blessings
Thank you.
This is so cute
our day. and no one can ever take it from us.
My
What a great news bravo Elon
Arctic I Wanna
Twitter: Everyone changes and grows, judge me on my past a whole new person
125k 250k
Also
You are amazing Thank you to whoever sent this to me. You deserve all the love in the world.
Put your hands together and Pray for America. Its needed.
You are a diamond
Good morning!
"Only yours".
Cute and sexy... perfect
Thank you!
The Daily Wire Town Hall as
Special kudos to Elisha for telling the plain truth about abortion and the value
Yolo the Wise
As duas mesmo, pq to gatinha
Trixie here.
Ridiculous is the best
I miss you more baby girl
Lo mejor que tengo
Eu te amo, princesa .
Good evening remembering those
Loved seeing in Milwaukee
so in love
so gross
Como vos ninguna
Sorry hug fairy, Care bear is here
Ur the best!!!
| Volnei via Instagram Stories
Stay together
I love you, and I be here without the inspiration of you and
Que lindas canciones tienen morat wuacho
Yo siempre voy a presumirte
3 points
2 goals
1 victory
Glad I got to share this day with this one
aww happy 18th Grace !!! miss and love you girly hope you enjoyed your day
Can we just sing PND together
Aww thank you
so beautiful what did we do to deserve them
Done! so sweet for doing this
yo look what i did
ily bby - Giselleee Ily2 honey
Com um pai desse Bixx
O clima hj maravigood
love your reaction!!!
Chicks for sale
DM me if interested ka
Despite of what we did she still showed kindness and care to us Godbless you maaam
Mars - Taemin
God bless your father.
The essence of our existence
Stay prayed up
Happy Birthday !!
good morning
Another book in my school bag Teacher's brain, artist's heart
I want that rare kind of love
Thank u love
Die of love
Mis personas favoritas
Towel Thursday is anything but clean
Me and Kayli finished our first 1000 pc puzzle I it
10/10 love Bird to death bc they know how to make me feel better on my down days
Happy birthday Faz!! Wish you only the best!! May all your dreams and wishes come true!
You can always count on your wee mammy and
Maxwell's "Pretty Wings" cover
I know who you are but actually very proud of you for doing this lol
Watching Dancing With The Stars: Juniors! Disney themed episode!
watching while drinking hot chocolate
I think we have a mutual fan club!!
Thank you nicole.
Anal couple, Thanks for the follow and please feel free to RT and our pictures.
Classic Dave Daring
Look my sister
Love is such a beautiful thing
First fire of the season in the new home next to my love and my pup
I Trelawny
I MY CHUCKS I've got ones with leopard spots, the Nightmare Before Christmas, doctrine sequined
Jfsfjj
Wedding Shenanigans!
Happy birthday I god damn love ya and hope your birthday is amazing
Good morning, tweeps! Happy Monday!
Good night
I don't believe this... ok, que leve o tempo que for... mas que lindo isso vlh
Obrigada amor
I Donkey Kong & you
So precious
thankful for the difficult situations that made me more mature than before
You are too sweet
Thank you pearl.
Rainha
My little ray of sunshine in this hectic week. I Jodie Whittaker.
Tyler: let me go get you contacts so you have to suffer with your glasses
thanks myah! good luck this season!
That = things she did
Dormez bien
It's okay just send it when you guys can im so happy for the both of us and holly
Ily2
jefa ! LO MEJOR SIEMPRE!
te amo
Best of both
Amor
Babyshower Reseda, California
EU AMO MUITO OS MEUS PAIS
Sweet couple
Supercorp
Oh my god.... Furry slice of life/everyday pictures are my life
First pumpkin patch with
Awesome, Brad!
Best singer there is Hands down my favorite concert
Thank you. And so sorry for your loss.
Merlin
en Yellow - Hotel para gatos
Family reunions are underrated. my heart is full.
so pretty!! wow what a queen omg thank you i love u
Valentine
This year you're mine NlCOLEROW!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Yes babygirl you stuck here just like the rest of us
Workouts done now relaxing with my favorite human
Thank you so much pretty.
Done Followed, Liked & Shared.
IG:
love you too
Awww, we love you too
Si a
Justin Bieber feels "sad and remorse" for Selena Gomez
I thank god everyday!
Thanks
My time slots MWF 6am-1:30pm
Tues & Thurs 9pm-11pm
Sat & Sun 6am-8am
FREE WIG BRAID DOWN
You can this or what ever
|| THURSDAYS at Solid Rock is Starfish || The Starfish Program is an amazing program that helps those in our
feel better Russel. ur phsyical and mental is number one.
Reposting
Snapchat - BlushSnaps
Top 30 Songs | Radio Disney
I love you with everything in me
vida! Te amo SM aunque seas culera
This cute combo
- Crinkle LS Bolero:
- Online exclusive: Kingston
and RT
TEXANS
We are now in the AFC South! Way to go,
Please come to Chicago! Thank you.
.#goodmorning
Acrediteee
definitely
Did a little painting a few days ago, kinda like it
That is sooo gooood kindness from the heart can't fake that ! Bless you laddie
Heart the heart healthy foods like Whole Foods
Remembering how awesome was seeing live Teatro
Get well soon Yoo Yeonjung
A little clip from Michelle & seaside on this Summer Captured by the amazing team
Daniel gets on my nerves but I have it any other way
I'm Shawn Mendes and i,'m dead in the floor
LOVE YOU
My favorite Happy Birthday
LMAO MEEEEE but at the same time, ya girl has saved for her tuition and rent for the spring super proud of myself
SON IGUALES CHAU JAJAJAJAJAJ
Minhas desde sempre
Ik u can sister James can do anything love u sister
okay hun! add you to the chat!
Glad happy love
thankyou!!
gonna be Red red waves coming 16 days
This
I need to pay off my credit card by nov 6, itd be greatly appreciated
I wonder who that lucky woman will be. Hope she is as amazing as our tae
awn meu
Best night of my life with you
My & I thought my boy might like this place. (@ Sweets Raku in Las Vegas, NV)
This beautiful smile Boy George
Welcome to the fam, Olivia.
She looks like an a$$.
God's Chosen
It is! I might have to make it our next Read Aloud.
my parents are so rad. I love them so much.
Meu
IM STREAMING LIKE CRAZY PLEASE NOTICE MY SUPPORT ILY
Golden Trio with Lauren Cohan
te amoo
Love you Justin
thank u so much im sorry you feel that way
Good night
Tonight
Domingos de LigaMX
Top Songs | Radio Disney
appreciate it amanda
Minha princesinha
With love
freshly shaved everything & freshly washed hair that shower was love
we was friends before anything
Family time is the best way to get away from it all. It puts life in perspective.
Creo que me e vuelto muy fan del JIKOOK
C H I E F S
Thank you
Please count me in!
You are welcome Sharlene those are very beautiful silks, love the horse show on
Thank you my love
This weekend was so cute. I loved it
"Your scars do not mean you're broken... they are proof you're healed"
Beautiful Angel
Rt
My fav pic
RETWEETED LIKED AND FOLLOWED
Bump update 1 week and 4 days until I get induced so I can meet my little man
Spent the evening at the most spectacular farm wedding.
In another spectacular midi skirt.
Today I wore high heels during church for the first time in 2 1/2 years... I felt so proud baby steps (my hubby worn me lol)
Just playing with you guys
Happy birthday i hope the good things you do for people will boomerang to you sevenfold
Finally heard the voicemail he left me
is a MOOD
Buenas noches baby
What an awesome grandpa!
My Joe
So glad this added stress has been lifted off my shoulders, time to start keeping my eyes open for a real man
I am a
I blog about
more trick or treating and some pumpkin carving!
Happy Sunday everyone have a great week
I almost cried seeing you walk juice down the field
, a + my
These two pups love each other Naples, Florida
are they going to cut out the cursing on ?????
I'm so excited
Muftakda ayam 2sec awy, Literally she is special,i love her sm
Good ol napoleon dynamite be home soon!!
i love you anyway
Just a momma and her boy eating chips and watching Jurassic World
down for any and all of it
Me
Cause I brushing my hair in the corn ps I don't brush my hair..hehe, u can brush it if ur a cute guy
Look at my fucking rockstar go
Also never forget when a heart ended up around MS at the Tampa show. No editing here.
No u
Morning (@ Coway Melaka Branch)
sa story insta de bouff
Good Night Tony. Peaceful Dreams.
Hey MN besties a random reminder to PLEASE MAIL YOUR ABSENTEE BALLOT :)))) It has to be RECEIVED BY
Always getting loving emails from MY party leader
Apagar o passado E vive o presente
thank you, riel!! miss you na & love you too
This is so true! please fix this
Ayla fez 5
That gel pen tattoo is insanely good. Me and my arm are jealous. to your family and every person out
Crissy wants a man MAN but you still a BAD BITCH SO FUCK HER AND HER NEW Okurr
"You're not Banksy!"
"Or am I?"
My Clare!
COMPARTILHEM
the sweetest way to begin our last year.. thank you
YESSSS MY WISH CAME TRUE IM SO HAPPY FOR HIM
ROJO, obviamente
Spending weekends with my baby gives me life
tbt desse dia
i did a thing making my own band merch and selling for $25 if anyone is interested just DM me!
Amazing such an idol!
Eu te amo demais
Ndjsjdjsn your attack is Not Effective! Thank you though i appreciate this
I honestly have a great family.. my sisters, parents, nieces, nephews they always stand right by me
M.a
My brothers a goof lol a fathers love in action
i have seen them three times and have met them once. im meeting and seeing them again for the fourth time april 1st :))
Son tan hermosos SM mi dinero
you made so many people happy today
Just come back I miss youuu!!
She puts me on
w/ the of my life.
TWD 9x03
Warning Sign Tonight
I wait to read dedication tweets to Red tomorrow
Love father/daughter scenes between Grace & Sam
It will get there soon have faith!
Te amo
supermarket flowers -s
Beauty comes from within
Domingou
Knew you would do amazing! Congrats
Love this boy of mine with the huge heart
ladyurbanpervin dsolx
My Celina!
I've never played Minecraft for 9hrs before Thanks for inviting me
Learn How to Start Your Own Freelance Proofreading Home Business
Happy Monday
And here we have the pinnacle of bikini season (98 Photos)
atwaters
Valentine
This year you're mine myangelmills!
And you, whom will be yours?
Look after yourself girl
so precious!
Great opening live show weekend
You're so welcome.
Life is so much easier when you have that kind of support in your life.
Not entirely true.. ALWAYS annoyed of you
Familia
Please STAY.
Riding around with and just talking like we used too was nice, I miss my best friend
Spades!
miss u
-Aggressively misses -
Valentine
This year you're mine NlCOLEROW!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Good morning.
Happy Anniversary Ate Maica and Kuya Kenneth Stay strong and God bless to the
Same
I love you babe and so so thankful your okay
Who is also opening for the indomitable early next year.
Your smile
Pure happiness is waking up on Sunday mornings with the person you love and making breakfast together.
Was totally my fave to win!!
m i p e r s o n a f a v o r i t a
wait for baby
i been looking for gifts all month long
. wait to see you back balling. love you granddaughter
name someone hotter...oh wait, you
Al-hamdu lillah thanks for letting me know bro
That boy growing up happy Birthday !!
had a really good day today!
Thank you I appreciate this post
When Namjin looks at each other the result is explosive Namjin
major moves this coming year
Ok gracias
unofficially the official logo for the city. you heard it here first 520
Amy
aww i love you too , always & forever
I way too hard to be played with
I just wanna settle down & spoil ya
I love my little family!
I love you more than anything and always be with you
I LOVE YOU LOVES! Capslock pa yan para ramdam nyo
Shit, are you ok bud? I know how tough those collisions can be
OMG! Ot9! Can't wait!
The stuff that makes me happy!!always redecorating wait till am finish
Happy Birthday More life and more blessings (with obviously full money lol) Doundouuu
Sorriso do Alpha
Loving your voice, loving your work, loving everything you do!!!
thanks brother much love
we ran that joint
Junto a ti todo es mejor...
E Jin-Ho
Thank you Katrina!! Miss & love you
Remember Louie trying to cook in Shopping King?
I stand in solidarity with my trans brothers and sisters (and anyone in between).
Goodmorning My Love! Have great and positive Monday! I love you so much!
i love youuu
Amo a esta gente La mejor comision
simmmm
Been missing you so much today my troublemaker
So VOTE! FIGHT! Show them how strong, amazing and beautiful we really are.
Never Knew That I Could Love Someone As Much As I Love You Im So Happy I Met You
I miss you
A L D E A
Good morning peeps!
Primer Fav
x1 Fortnite Ramdom
Requisitos
Follow
My heart is full
Thank you Kayla
Reason why I love NYC
I really admire the friendship of Jodi and Iwa Sana kami din, soon Not now, but I keep on praying for it. In god's perfect time
The 7 habits of highly effective people
Love this team
que benina MARAvilhosa
The best smiles
ABBA
with his faaaaaves +
Today has been a huge wild ride and I want to do it w/anyone else by my side. U
She is such a cutie this is the 1st of many videos! Who wants to watch me get this sexy
WOW! Absolutely STUNNING Sasha
Because I literally seen you on my TL I miss you girl!
Thank you, Daniel.
Yesss the dream but until then be back in less than a month!
She is so beautiful
There goes my bias.
She taking care of me while sick lmao
Kalani her so far!
S E M B R E A K
Of course beautiful
Hope everyone had an amazing streaming weekend and you all have a wonderful week ahead
I wait to see her in December
We all love Sunday walks but Bear likes them a little more than most
I forgot Rosa bought me lashes LIKE YES
Fact
I love you more than anyone and anything. Never forget
awe thanks, i miss you Michelle .
If not hip to Meg, then I know what to tell you... my favorite.
Yoo :)
vccc aly
Thank you Sera! It really is the worst. But now that talked to him hopeful gonna be ok.
omg wait
entire discography is stunning but Homogenic is a stand out for me
Looking IN Queen
Watching Greys does seriously make me feel to be a damn doctor yes that and the Good Doctor and The Resident like bro
I CABAGAN
Cabagan Square Park
Hey Sister how are you doing today?
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Lexi!
At least with the two kids you have something to love every day . Not so with football
Hey! not broken or a heap of anything, beautiful and okay to have a hard time!
A fucking woman
Aww haha but cuter than babies nah
i hope you had an amazing day and stayed hydrated! love you sm!!!
I know that you baby I will always be greatly grateful for it
I'm Shawn Mendes and I'm dead in the floor
I LOVE YOU
Te amo
You are beloved!
Went pushing cows today with my suga it was my last ride for a couple of months and i so upset
Meghan is so
So proud of this beauty!!! Congratulations Veraboo All your hard work paid off
The road less traveled
As long as that tub or marmite is still available
Thank youuu try
My San Antonio, Texas
Thank you! It really is
if she love j cole
Sangue forte
Look beautiful love
1. DohKyungSoo Romance Ending
2. DohKyungSoo, as a Crown Prince
3. ChoSungHa - HanSoHee -
okay, thanks again. i love it
Greenfields Colony, Faridabad
Essa foto 6meses
When to Start in India
I vote through the app but sending all the love and support for he deserves the X factor
My brother
Singapore is full of unique gems: so many things to do and see
I am waiting you
and Contemporary Dance - Guilherme and Juliana - London - Street Performance
Um
I want more songs like "You Are In Love"
Passion Wherever you choose to go, go there with all of your
Big love x
[iK] Pagii iKONIC Tulis wish kalian buat uri leader dong~ ^^
Te vez tan tierna
& for more Videos!
what a present, I love Endymion
Heading home to my puppies
Thank you for coming!!
Philippines
So many great lines tonight so far.
threaten Best Doctor line.
Icy steel! Loved it.
What's Your Home Worth
to chat (573) 302-2313
Which you are killing. My inspiration
I will vote blue in his memory!!!
Mi esta con
Congratulations on ur new beginning
proud of how far came mom
I love this man so much, happy anniversary love
Good morning fam
I will do PCR method for my fyp today wish me luck ~~
I hope i will get the band! Jebal~
Have a nice day yall~
thank u
This little one got married this weekend and she was absolutely the most stunning bride ever!!
Pedro faz 2
Love you too!!
Valentine
This year you're mine sweetardis!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Thanks mamma bear well wishes sprinkled some magic into the test
You are phenomenal
Our first master graduate in family
-
Fun, fun, fun
u should start it at least, but not while u sick lol
feel better soon!
Goodmorning
AJSJSSJD COME HERE MY BABYYY /hug you/
RED HEADS UNITE
The colour looks amazing on you!
I love to hear you laugh
Aww thank you you are soo sweet, glad to have a patriot friend here! God bless
Hi this is me ILY
I needed all of that. thank you. I love you
LOVE IT! Also you and Brittany serving these looks on the same day just fair.
Gonna be emotional here for a minute but remember.. never be someone's second choice. You deserve better than that
I have 4
the greatest of all is
Love you
Uffff
Awww i see
I love oliver so much..
S/O to the nice family who came out and helped me when was on his way. Apparently a pro at breaking bikes.
glad feeling gucci my friend
liam isnt trash
Thank you my love
KKKKKKKKA, SIM AMIGA
Kids, Toby y Vinylo
Realist on your team
Getting a few extra hours with my husband... appreciating every single minute of it
I was wrong. rooting for Asuelu and Kalani. I hope they work out.
I can't imagine how anyone can walk away from their kids. Love knows no boundaries.
T1ny posted on his Instagram story signed Wanna One albums given by Guanlin~ aww this is so cute,
Protect our women
A must watch movie
i know you and i know that everything inside your head is gonna be alright
HD Snaps!!
Click
Thank you!!
That was a much needed weekend.
To counter the negativity, I love the last two.
vamosssss
And you inspire the whole world Gaga Love U
Any of theeeeeeem whould be fine
I called it. I called it. I CALLED it
That feeling when you find that perfect cotton/anti-sweat cloth ratio for your socks
jtm chat
I love you girl you a real one
Watched it 2 months ago.
Nariguda kkkk
meizy
THE WAY HE HOLDS THE MIC HIM IN GENERAL
I am so very sorry for your loss
Ella, toxic, take me there church y Tip toe
Hi Zayn, I'm just someone normal but I love you with all my heart
Oh yeah this chick will be there too! NBD
Like [Doing All]
Peace be upon you O Prophet Of Allah
LOOK how adorable Mom and Dad are at the Chiefs game!
Small man- Nice man - will bankrupt America! Love Bernie - but Bernie policy cannot save
bored missing my wife.
Happpppppy morning
My
s/o white bridge rd 2k18 package is secured, lock and load. much
I just wanna be happy, imma healthy relationship!!
Melvin Oliver Powell II thanks for visiting my church today. I pray you were blessed in so many ways. Shout
I just want you safe happy and healthy love
from enemies to friends
Needs:
Acceptance, maturity and forgiveness.
That's the way it's done!
Holding your hand, and too.
from my babybabes angela
Thank you.
Why are they so extra+ i love this fam
se explica, sente-se
Hermosa jovencita
Cosiitaa
Cena
So por que gostei
Como a Neve sempre
COMO EU TE AMO
MI FAMILIA MI TODO
The and I back at it again
HAPPY 23rd BIRTHDAY, HANBINNIE! We love you!
frooommm dada
Thank you! going to be an emotional ride but I sure hope it helps.
You know I got to. Gvlieliga
Necesito mutuals
Stress reliever!
too cute
My condolences goes out to you and his family, stay strong & remember always watching over you I love you.
Winter is coming
Thank you
Practice Team Dinner Team Bonding . Bring on Districts!!!! We are ready!!
Miss playing with Sam for sure. big time now. Busy being awesome.
don't mess up my tempo
aaAaAAaaaaA
I love him so much literally my whole world
happy birthday
yeah hot TE AMO
thi only one
Amo essas minhas amigas, fds topeeeer
Your wife does beautiful work Scott!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY HANBIN!!! PHOTO NOT MINE
Don't You Wanna Have This ,
How About You Get It As Your Brand Makeup Package Bag Or Party Souvenir
You Can
Oh no! Hope you feel better soon Isaac. Drink plenty of tea. Hope you sleep well.
You know I got you. Gvlieliga
So very true!!
Aww glad I met you to love
My favorite real life fairytale...their love melts my heart and make me smile. They are perfect together
reading the letter over and over melts my hearts and makes me love him even more
for a tbh
hoco
sorry I hope she gets better
of course, and thank you
hello i want to start a diet and try to lose weight do u have any tips o any recommendations? what diet did
And nooooow, back to werk! But my heart is still at home.
naraid66
h0%pgf%ntle
54 days
..
Keke's Special Guest: Lil Mama! UGHHH A THROW BACK
via
OMG. Why did I just download stitcher now. This is heaven.
Ik the real and the fake love
from my ca
I love watching Modern Family been watching it since back in 2013 oh memories
Damnnnn look at my boys
Sending all the prayers for a speedy recovery!
Thank you Carly.
The man of my dreams
I am very sorry for your loss
Milky way
welcome. Love hearing good news.
New scent
That sound
Oh no! Hope you feel better soon Isaac. Drink plenty of tea. Hope you sleep well.
My beautiful friend
Im proud of u em
Dan has Twitter. He just use it lol. Also love you both. Thank you for being there
Did you ever saw a cow craving a pumpkin cuz I just saw a cute one
Why thank you honey
K
her gray
What's your favorite breakfast? Boiled egg. ARGHHH
Commando
Thank you so much honey I'm sending so much love to you and your mum as well, I hope she gets better and it just gets easier
Sibling love
Sebastian tagging
YOOOO NOVEMBER 3RD 2018 IF YOU SUPPORT R&B TRAPSOUL MUSIC I NEED YOU TO PULL UP ON ME AT THE
Hanbin habede exo udah ngeluarrin teaser juga yee
EXOKON always
Love you IKONIC
Dari EXOL
So much love for on Instagrams Love the different
Please follow me
Our Jam Pack! P699 only! Order now at photo by
His pink hair was the one for me
And omg I got those Ishaqzaade vibes in the first part of the movie!! Those who watched both know what I mean!!!
Birthday well spent with my favorites
Chocolates
EL TRIDENTE!
Love you lots too
Goodluck dang!!! You can do it!
Looooove yoooou tho
Ajam
Yeah an awesome guy
you have been killing it on
Oh and adorable dog!
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Melanie!
Arigatooou~
So happy for her!
Shanta.
Thank you love you too
muito meu nenezinho!
My forever huggable friend
so welcome and thank you!!
You're ver' welcome. You did well. I especially love the raven and the ambient light.
Muchas gracias bb
not just a band to me
Que lindaa
I love you with my whole heart miss you sm wait to be back and FSU w u again
I liked a video ~Aquarius~ You Have a Perfect Match Waiting End of October 2018 Aquarius
Thank you Brittany!
pali!! [@museinmind] first off in love with your omg so nice and absolutely gorgeous, i love u
Watching The Holiday because T-18 days till London
She always come first
the way he cum
to my beautiful baby girl
love you so much Chinn
happy birthday to you
lmfaoo don't
the sweetest
Fuck la haine. tweets, merci
Awww I got RM
I miss you so much more!!
Mi mas preciado tesoro
I LOVE YOU . Happy 2nd birthday Joanne... we miss the JWT
whenever sad or discouraged, i always put on a video and almost instantly feel better. Happy
Thank you for following me !! I appreciate it ! you guys!
Harry Kane
ILU SIS
Vamos Chelly con todo
Hay Your awesome
I love San Francisco
And the people we love
Realest G! Thank you so much for coming out bro
Thank uuu, Ate Thea!
TUGA4LYFFFFF
love you so much baby girlllll, you're amazing, enjoy your day - you deserve it
The doujin novel was here yesterday Can't wait to read it!!!
PS: Couldn't read it yesterday. I don't have the
Out here looking like some shnackssssssss!
Love yourself before you can love another
SAME WORLD, DIFFERENT LENS g-i-v-e-a-w-a-y! We want to recognize National Bullying Prevention Month by helping
Cr. LEGEND
Looks like a well earned get away.
What a charming little vanity I saw...
Have a good time, pretty girl.
Mahomes
Peace and love peep the blue water from Long Beach , California
BEYOND PROUD!!!!
We made it out them bricks, brother!! Not much people understand the struggle of a Juco life.
duro del sin hueso XD
Good luck, bb!! You can do it. I gotchuuu
Siempre
Valentine
This year you're mine _a_lwsn_!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Agreed Since we do though going 2 keep saying it
Halaaa thanks mum iloveyou so muchhh!
I'm so happy you said this
this season of doctor who is beautiful
ON MY WAY JOME GOING TO BE LIVE RIGHT AFTER I EAT DINNER SORRY I WAS GONE FOR A COUPLE DAYS ILY ALL CYA SOON
Starting to that guy.
Thankyouuuuuuu
Happy BIrthdayyy
Ahhh, man I appreciate this, friend.
Home
thank youu sm
Everything learned about leadership boils down to it literally not being about you.
thx fafsa for the xs max
Ya me aloque
Shoutout to
Camgirls Wanted
Camgirl, Princess or a Goddes
She made my night
I 60 mins!
Goodmorning!
Don't know how I scored such a hottie for a husband, but damn I'm lucky. Happy 2 year anniversary handsome
My son love his puppy
te amo
Thank you sis.
Te amo!
the coffee that I need in the morning
My best friend 4everbrandy showed up and showed out last night.
thank you jam ilyy
My girlll
All mine, paying for her and be in my name
GOT7
BLACKPINK
MONSTA X
RED VELVET
Run!!! So happy to hear you say that again.
Que findis
Good morning iKONIC
Have a nice day
My girls love my whole life
Eeeeh soy yo la chica que lo ama con locura bai
T hermanita
My beautiful friend!
hey just a reminder that i love you and im proud of you. sending this at 2:30 am but hey why not, goodnight
Una tarde en
Monday be good plssss
thank you!
And what a booty it is!
hi Brad think U r doing an incredible job!!!! question 4 u ... I entry song proud 2 b an
Thank you very much Victoria
I know right
I love my job and my co-workers feels great to go out after a long day and get drinks with them
Sat down at the bar and immediately had my server spill drinks all over me
WTFREAK?! we a happy, on fleek chola
Amazing show
My sister is so pretty
Family goals
Mommy & Daddy were the King & Queen of Hearts . I was a . My Gigi was a Nun & G-Pawl was a
Rica!Gosh! I totally I did a movie review too . Kaya super saya ko
the sixth sense
singing in the car the top of my lung capacity with my is my happy place, okay?
Senior Homecoming
Valentine
This year you're mine queenpoppe!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Love me some Sunday night football especially watching my home team win
I
My everything
Been dancing to this song all day
Our national anthem did that
Girl under you (G.U.Y)
Ayyyy! I hope they get rid of her because they care when I reported LOL
Esta noche en PIRUNCAY - GARAU. TROPICALMENTE ECUATORIANA Soy Katty Egas
so sorry that how it made you feel, but thanks for writing it. Hope things will get better El
complement eachother so well
a m o
Boa noite
I 60 mins!
Relaxing with my babe
Thanks Girly
Why not both
Kareem Hunt is my hero. Wow!! Did you see that run?!?!
Aaa serio
Got to hang with my Girl frannns
FIRST OF ALL HIS ANSWERS ARE SO WELL THOUGHT OUT, I love it. genuinely getting into this so thank you!
I mean, special as in with is encouraged.
Come to Canada where we accept all and weed is legal
Queen Of Hearts
Merchandise available to order now! T-Shirts, Programs, Posters, DVDs. Order cut off date
AIKI DELICIA.
think of a better way to spend the weekend
This is my new favorite thing (Thanks !!)
so confused about the anatomy of a bat but also I love them all
[21/10 21:29] Drih Acho que terminei o texto
[21/10 21:31] Boyfriend : Ah mds
[21/10 21:33]
home with his fellow crackers
No more tears babygirl. Thank youuuu. I love youuuuuu
Zero Tsu Desu
happy happy birthday sashi! wish u all the best! love u always mwaaaa. sana di ka na lg.
Pack vinda do icone
U mean when u met me?
Spent the night in Palmdale with babes family. We always have such a good time with them.
I love Andrew Gillum!
Mamas sweet baby
Neither! 24 weeks with number four
Thank you God for grandmas
I fw you heavy luv
I need a woman like in my life !!!!!
Best to you Emily!. You will do awesome
Shelby told me about the tea. I support you and your decisions boo.
The cutest!! I love you
Thank you very much, Princess Alyssa.
You'll always be my idol.
I will always remember you.
I love you.
thanks for the follow
HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY MY SUPERMAN ILOVEYOU
AT DAHIL WALANG GANAP
PA ICE CREAM KANAMAN feeling loved
Three cheers for cultural preservation
pleases help me by donating if you can, if not please help by sharing so this plea can reach as many
quick...i need ur plastic surgeon's info!
Presente de Deus
Linda vc hein obrigada anon
This. Picture.
Always the best hearing my parents laugh over the phone
we miss you
Salonga, Unique T.
I usually post selfies, but if for Zayn then.... :)
I love you too
i love you my whole
me neither
KKKKKK
Thinking about you buddy
You have me here forever and always
lastest video made me cry, I relate so much to her peraonal struggles and it hit me so hard.
Love ya girl
... SHIPPO MEMBROS COM MEMBROS
Mas seria o 2, o
I New York
PS Gorgeous duck. Obviously loves you.
Thank you! be where I am today without Triad High School and the amazing coaching staff
Love you a lot dude, and your big heart
RT if you stan G-idle. Follow everyone who retweets. Make sure to follow back!
Vcc
Alf mbrook y Doc
I just read your post and it's just what I needed
RECAP 10/20/18
WE BIRTHDAYS
For Bdays, Table & Reservations
Call
Thank you sis
Tu meu amor
let's change that to this
/\
/ \
The latest is so perfect on this epic spring day! Pop punk forever
Am happy 4 u, congratulations on your success
Love this Every conversation matters! You never know what gets through to the psyche...
Mask De Smith! The voice of angels
Thanks Em!!
God bless him
i love you w my whole
This makes my heart hurt the most
One more reason to go!
These two together our
Lol awe girl just say forget it and let yoursel feel free
I am so sorry for your loss....peace and blessings.
I am so freaking lucky
I'm On My Way to Arrowhead Stadium My Football Game With My Family!!!
I'm missing you, but is SO GOOD to see you happy!!! I LOVE YOU!
Getting some Dolly Parton in to my Norah Jones
lhes apresento oficialmente Akyra o
Wow i was so ugly but thank you Rea!! the sweetest love and miss you too!!
Happy birthday
my in one quote:
is nothing wrong with carrying a love bigger than
-
So proud of you!!
Beauty with brain
Jackie I just want to let you know I look at your blog and see you in snaps and I think you look great.
Thanks
Doggy requests!!!
We are currently down to the last few can of dog food! All of out dogs enjoy a spoonful ontop
You look cute
+ =
&
See You Soon
Nosso presidente
Time to start downloading my Christmas music favorite holiday
Hang in there
Kocham POLSKO
Me, my husband and moe are the real definition of true friendship
Amor de mis amores
I contain my heart.
15 rushes 33 yards
Baby curls
thank you sister!
E acolheram bem
my hero
LOVE YOU CHRIS!!!!! So much thank you for understanding
happy birthday!!!
Getwell
Man listen.....they stay killin shit. I love LOVE man. Especially my BLACK KINGS & QUEENS.
Grabe kakaiyak galing niyo guys I'm happy for all of you Pordalab ADNSD Super thankful and blessed to
This is why I you!!!!!!
Then I'll attribute to you. Thanks!
Every night I pray for
Aaa rs
God bless and enrich you for me
THANK YOU! Also love you ladies! I appreciate any help or retweets I can
happy belated bday to I hope it was filled with memories & many shots.
happy je haa . hahaha , harap sampai ke pelamin lah . amin . i need dis kind of man in my life . oh god plissss.
RED
FB / RT
a melhor
I love you
se veste por amor
Thank you..
Im always supporting you guys especially youu oppaa
flyin home to my happy place
Honored to be on this playlist with so many awesome people!!! Guys go listen
Baby butterfly
too late,you damaged my -Leroy Sanchez preacher
Me:well because you let me
I love when my boyfriend suggests nap time together
praying for you and everyone involved
can say you have cute nieces and nephews but mine are literally the most beautiful kids ever.
I love a family
HAGSHAAHAGS ta bom amor
Bellas amistades
Iti malia
My grandma used to sing me this song
Best Custom
For
& !
Si me a ver "Jalouston"
Cunhada
G.N.O one last time.
Agreed!
happy bdayy !!
are back at & my life is now great again
thank you so much, love
Celebrating all weekend long...
with my Prince Charming.
with his 3rd
My baby look so cute
Mon coeur :)))
...in the eyes of my child
PSA: STOP saying support you regardless or you no then inserting parts of our human
Valentine
This year you're mine _a_lwsn_!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
with Perfect cover by LOCA technology is coming up soon! Don't
3 pq a gente pode
Thank you for playing our homecoming!!! See you are enjoying Iowa City
Black men are so beautiful Like y'all really are just absolutely amazing
De agorinha
Ever since 2013 thank you
Honestly has got me through a lot of shit in my life. a forevaaaaa ride or die
My mom said Thank you all for the birthday wishes...she's 25 again and livin her best life
Love you boo
serenading us at meeting today made my heart so happy
I
i'm the love sheriff. you better love yourself tonight bitch
Someday have your own Jazz club
Volunteering with one of our students. Love that Capuchin Soup Kitchen. Caring for the Detroit community
had fun last night on snap, ask em about my premium
Thank you baby girl
New work, fan art.
For:
Created:
Made in mobile, RT and FAV will be appreciated.
15th. still in love.
Such a lovely tweet!
Thank you for leading iKON throughout the years You deserve only the best
To the one and
not
Damn u got freckles aswell stunning redhead
and RT
My princess
TEAM CRISTINA.
so happy jay slept during the whole car ride. About to get him bathed and in bed.
Happy Birthday Hanbin!
Get well soon Ninja
It is complete!! I love it!!
worldwide favorite drummer
We are all of the above. Thank you for joining us!
Got to sis
they say if real love, always come back.
vccc
terminamos elite
Love it
Victory group every weekend..
i love this era cause they were litte beautiful and cute aliens sjsjd uwu
Bro i really want that code
My queen
cause I love you boo
Fathers too
thank u autumn!! aw i miss it too, but wait to come watch u!!
Karol via - instastories
.
.
(@karolsevilla)
Iti malia meus
My brother and I fight all the time but I literally spent all weekend with him and it was the best time. That boy really is my heart
Visitinha p prima
Realizei meu desejo
Mac Miller was the shit!
ur the best tho
I stand with you, and I will fight with you. Always.
I wish I could change things for you ! Hugs!
im so incredibly proud of you
Amo demais
Guys we should trend or to show them that we appreciate them and we loved them
You are a ray of sunshine in times of darkness Dr. J
Last weeks episode of shameless made my heart so full
me a ver "Jalouston"
Aww Thx Issy! I couldn't be any more proud
My vintage bike and hydrangea in the fall!!!
Lexie is the best Grey
Charlie
Thank you Erin
Hey guys
She's beautiful!!!
tavio
We love a young Queen without toxic people around her
thank you
I have only one brother and I cannot have another so protecting that nigga with my lifeeee
I need to see another show by you Jussie. Love u
you are mine inspiration
Rt y si me penetras hasta que saques toda tu
Thank you mama. Thank you for the unconditional love. Thank you for teaching me the words of God the most beautiful heritage
Yixing on the 5th album exo
My baby
Las amo faltan 2
Have a lovely stream!
Acredite em ti pow, pense positivo
omg gaga so talented!! i love you so much! just watched a star is born and cried like a baby. you deserve the world
No problem I knew somebody would!
Everything here is purely excellent.
Koda, Toby y Vinylo
Karol via - instastories
.
.
(@karolsevilla)
linda
Karol via - instastories
.
.
(@karolsevilla)
people i love and
d o r e
so gorgeous !! finally legal ily !!
Black always win
protect your heart on God My Future
Happy Birthday chodes love you big time forever
Obrigada
No problem ms thang
my Chiefs
We are!! exhausted
but having a ball with my girls! love you, hunny bunny
Congrats
hey, out of curiosity: out of these choices, what have been your favourite streams from me as of late?
BORA GANHAR SEGUIDORES
DE FAV E RT PRA ESPALHAR
COMENTE PARA INTERAGIR
SEGUE QUEM DEU RT
SDV
I reckless abandon
Like if you fuck with redheads If you fuck with Maud suicidegirls
Deuso
yw babe i love u SO much
Hehehe thank u so much my cat is like cat version of me my little babe
Thank you Kelly
I love everyone even my haters
Both a huge inspiration!
I already do
Happy bday 6ctary na maba8
Hope u get lots of happiness
Nothing much to say just stay happy saka injoy
Jwu. Goodmorning sunshine!
Honestly just what i needed
ASI A UNA SE LE SUBE EL ANIMO ENSEGUIDA,LOS AMO TANTO
Happiest birthday to one of my girl crushes Enjoy your day
M O R N I N G A R M Y
-
glad to hear that, chief
My mom is my best friend
RT if you stan TWICE. Follow everyone who retweets. Make sure to follow back!
I enjoyed the fair today with my family
Event will also start from today at Coffee Heim (behind JYP new building).
sempre
Margaritas in Old Town with my little Cafe Coyote
I'm feeling much better now, thank you!
Iti malia meus
well time to start renovating my future home! Happy things worked out in my favor for once
I Mrs. Mallory
I forget Tempo has a Chinese version of the album therefore that is the teaser of the song
Every gising is a blessing
Happy Bday Fucking
I still listen to 44108 till this day
Karol via - instastories
.
.
(@karolsevilla)
The same! I love my family! and obviously this family are incredible!
On behalf of leadership we hope you all had a great time at homecoming. Congratulations to our homecoming
take me to church en loop infinito
Can always count on him to cheer me up on my horrible days. love you so much
Beautifully said Aliciadine!!! Anyone would be lucky to have you as a friend! You are a beautiful soul
Mini love for you gais
I Low, Kalani's dad. He reminds me of my father.
Ownn
I still believe in you boss
Te amo
Thank you God for everything! I love you
This is so beautiful it hurt a little
Eu amo
You're welcome cutie
I
Totalmente cierto
Sigo bela
Aloida
I remember listening to this song when it released
My little em told me he loved me today for the first time and my heart is exploding.... this is what parenthood is all about people
So thankful for the friend I have... complete me
Mi hno trajo un cd, A hard Night de The Beatles y mi mundo cambio!
I'm fine. I blocked him on everything and he suddenly followed me on here.
Facts
Karol via - instastories
.
.
(@karolsevilla)
Naiyak ako?
THANK YOU, RICHARD & NICOMAINE.
It's not living if it's not with you
Became a pup mom today
You all look beautiful. Rainbow the happily ever
Mine are in the baking area. . My mom remembers her mom baking bread in a can
I caught 13 Beldum. my personal best record on a Community Day! Also, Bonus Lucky Charizard
Ela chegouuu , Minha pra vcs
MMMMMM.
Martha sempre sensata
Love you sm aw
Heyyy Tre
Montreanna Sims
I love you and I am so proud of everything become and everything becoming.
I added a video to a playlist BTS WORK HARD PRAY HARD Thank u For 3 Juta View
I'm fine. I blocked him on everything and he suddenly followed me on here.
Trabalhar na melhor forma
God bless u as a cancer survivor u! always hope with God!
EXO
My girlfriend is literally nuts
Boa noite
A great article in St. Croix Avis, one clarification we were of prior 420 festivals not We
My favorite wrestler of all time showed some this weekend
2 Rabbits 2 Cups
Sejam assim
This thread is actually so so so great and important. Using for reference
As a patron I demand more puppets. Also more Scuzz related content. I love you guys
hi, how are you?
Lol vibe out on my bday wit me!! LOVE Ya
with you, let the memory of his love strengthen you
Release this Music Mello Soon, please!!!
post the videos tomorrow
Ily
My name is Grim my pronouns are they/them.
I'm a (very opinionated) brown anarcho-socialist and eco womanist
100% Free Live Porn Cams
Shows by Beautiful Girls
Thank u sweetheart
to the last Catalina Wine Mixer Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
thank you
Thank you so much.
Found the perfect sponsor for the show
I think by his smile I did good! Happy birthday
happy birthday 212121 !! Thx for making me laugh 24/7!! I hope your day has been the best
That does not mean I love you rice bowl my friendships where the best thing to come out of it
Rest In Peace sweet friend
I would gladly be a tae stan for you
Hey keep strong. Read all mg words
Karol via - instastories
.
.
(@karolsevilla)
How deep is your love
You are my life and my treasure,
The one that I can't live without
Here at Your feet my desires and dreams I lay down.
good morning love!! i love u to the max!
I just love Nia
Haleigh was so adorable and lovable as always.
kind of messed up to not give someone an answer when expecting one but okay
Much love Sis! really appreciate the bday wishes
Valentine
This year you're mine toxicwebber!
And you, whom will be yours?
You also need to take some time off after all these tours please
That perfect combination
Congratulations to you & Jeffery, May you be as happy as we are we love you and miss talking
Get well soon
|[Lyn fact thread!]|
1 = 1 Fact!
With High Honors shooookt asf si ako
Instead of telling you the things gonna do just gonna do them for you
my fav family
Gotta your fans Kelly
With cake decorating tools.... I shall give birth.... TO ART. (SpongeBob artist unknown episode reference)
Sunday morning walk along the river.
mi
Vlw brother
Pensando nela. Kkj O Amor Da Mnh Life.
My heart expanded
Ayooo kak mutualan
I knew you would
Aww you Guys are such a Gorgeous family
One of yours from last year. GD. We are so lucky
Man i really appreciate my brother
Beauty
Valentine
This year you're mine couchfetus!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Absolutely Beautiful.
HAHAHAHAHA imong face man gud daw ta sge lang atleast prettyy hahaha thank youuuuu kaayo te em!!! see u soonestt
I believe a year has passed since I married my best friend. It has been the best year of my life... so
here if you need to talk
Simply creative
Mozis da
A lot of good has happened so far today at tech and my heart feels full
with my love jackedjessica this will our 25th knottsscaryfarm together Damn
Gracias
My love for Nature is infinity
Colectivo Surf Sushi Pub & Tasting Room was a hit. We have such a wonderful group of friends so happy
goodmorning
te amo
Thanks Ate Cherry and Kuya sa lahat
Love you all
I had a blast playing with you guys thank you so much for the support
Perrito hincha
can you gays like my pinned tweet Ilysm
cherish every moment ..hugs and kisses and snuggles
was so lovely meeting you today thanks for being a legend and coming out in the cold
RT if you stan MAMAMOO. Follow everyone who retweets. Make sure to follow back!
Love you most
Good morning, love you both...take care always, and maymay also...
Thank you smmm
Thank you po hehehe
I love him when he gets jealous but he couldn't say
Fan thanks him and calls the heart of these conventions!
Too quick for me lol. Breaking my heart
love nights watching shameless and eating ice cream with my love
Avocado fries
All, including the two EPs as well.
I miss you Bre, see you Friday
thank you bby
thank you for making Metal Gear Solid.
Big gulp of Gatorade after brushing teeth.
modeuso
Meu matthew
Of course not... You know too much already. Jk, luv ya
Finalmente Romeu
Ready to be a real Girlfriend again but not to just anybody.
I liked a video Natti Natasha - Quien Sabe [Official Video]
Gracias
What you do for the people that you love
Just a reminder.
Te amamos mais ainda
I also like iKon
"RT My heart Watch this little girl try so hard to get Alexa to play her
Me too
You're such a good mom figure for him
have a greattttt day
We help follow students/presenters whatever you are
cam ma best photographe
Minha rainha
They know
EU TENHO AS MELHORES AMIGAS DO MUNDO TODINHO
GRACIASYOATI
Valentine
This year you're mine reggie_webber!
And you, whom will be yours?
alive everyone! Feet a little beat up but alive!
New China Buffet
1 de Corintios 13:4-7
Family goals
thank you
Yes ! so well spoken , her tone of voice is Asmr to my ears her cute little cackle ,
WE ARE EXCITED JOON!!!!!!
Becs is literally the greatest human ever
chill Sunday
Omg who am I? Thank you
Valentine
This year you're mine vapewebber!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Phil and Esther posts totally make my day!
OMG!
I want that too
You're right, and it's Good song
I'm back home
Don't Blame Me
Taylor swift
This is actually so cute! glad getting to spend time with them. Cherish it!
Lovely!
THANK YOU KING
Happiest Birthday to iKON's greatest leader Thank you for all the incredible music that inspires me. I love
Kyungsoo is me with my friends, I connect with him on a spiritual level
TE AMO
MEU AMOR PORRA EU ORGULHOSA
This! Yes you are!!
I wait!!!! So proud
ADOOOOOROOOO
Congrats rm. I love you
Love you more then you'll ever know I got you got
You are my sun, my moon and all my
This song still touches me in someway I explain
Ugh! 12mn KST can't get here soon enough!!
OMG :)))
Okay, the real sad bitch hours start now
So excited
Buenas noches y votad a en los 40 Started from the bottom now we're here
Di na ko blocked ihhh HAHAHAHA hello po
IM SO READY
Great Senior Night !
Congrats bub!!
YESSSSSSSSS So excited for it!!
Sempre
Thank you Lord for waking me up today.
Thanks Shannon
New be still my heart and prepare for the eargasms his new album album is going to give
HALA SIYAAAAA GOOD MORNING TATAY!!!
True-you Teach all subjects. My goes to all of my elementary teachers. As a former HS t I wish
I wait !!
Buenas noches
minha vida todinha!
WAIT SBKSBSBSBSS
Goals with my love
Yes, working super well!
ive never even seen her interview or speak but i know this accurate
so proud of you forever and always
Karol via - instastories
.
.
(@karolsevilla)
We ready
so excited!!!
Ly coming to Mexico
Omyyyyy!! Congratulations momsh
Max!!! I Max!!
Can't wait all the best love
I am a cancer survivor and would love to win this.
roses are red, so is my dress
YAS YAS YAS
& are LOVE together
IM SO EXCITED UFCKIFKSJSWI I CANT WAIT
Ngimutsandza nge love .... So beautiful to watch her excel in everything she touches.
I love my little family
so ready to meet kylo.
my favorite chief and finally at arrowhead for a game
TE AMO MUCHOOO
Goodnight
ESTOY GRITAND QUE ALDJAKAHA
You're such a tease Namjoon jcjdidjdi can't wait to hear it
can you do a little follow spree following some fans that give retweet and like this tweet? we love you
Still fighting. with positivity.
I'M SO EXCITED NAMJOON. THIS IS MY FIRST TIME WAITING FOR YOUR PLAYLIST TO BE RELEASED
keep working we will still be here to support
"Crazy in Love" sample
Today would have been 62nd birthday and very emotional. Thinking of you,
It hurts knowing you here anymore. I drive past that spot everyday, and help tearing up. Rest easy Zay
Congratulations man
I can't wait!!!! I know it will be amazing
See you after 2 weeks victoria grace. Mahal kita hiii, see youuu! Mahal din kita
Like Farell this one like to cuddle up inside my shirt.
ESPERANDO EL ARTEEEEE
Mans With The Follow
Banner
For:
+
Ajuda ai chega nele <3
thank you all for the beautiful memories!
RT glad my is calm right now but I worry about how it will be tomorrow since tomorrow is
and did either of you notice the pole dancers socks said "i c*ck"? Or was that just me
Can't wait omo
Please go check it out
ANSIOSA PRA OUVIRRRR
just squishing my tum you wanna squish it?
Gracias!!
Fuck orange juice, marry apple juice of course and kill grape juice. Who tf likes grape juice
Celebrating all weekend long...
with my Prince Charming.
with his 3rd
Until next season.
Who wants 13500 vbucks for the come back of ghoul ?
like this tweet
Join me! I just donated to the and you should too.
It's The Breakfast Club!
morning abangnim
My grandma bought me a north face jacket
You are a beautiful person.
IM SO EXCITED I CANT WAIT... I KNOW ITS GOING TO BE GREAT BECAUSE IT COMES FROM YOUR PRECIOUS SOUL
Rafa via instagram
I'm so excited Namjoon, I already know it's a masterpiece, I love you so much
Good luck for today, semangattt
You could do it, you surely could do it !
THANK YOU KING
.@jvn just started binge watching Season 1 of QE and my mom loooves you.
Valentine
This year you're mine lucidwebber!
And you, whom will be yours?
Thank you Hope miss you!
thankyou chrich
Valentine
This year you're mine adoringwebber!
And you, whom will be yours?
Master class in and Sicilian home cooking lead by my lovely MIL. First test is in one week when we
of course of course!!!
Coming single,
I love so much this family
Thatthep Thuphom
And on mamas
You're the best!
so excited what you got in store for us
Yay finally!!
Genderflux Individuals Are Attractive
Do you like mythology? What mythological creature do you prefer? YES!! Either Centaurs, Phoenix or Satyrs
Love
Good night, LoyalFamily... Let Toxic People Or Negative Situations Steal Ur Joy... Hold Ur Head high... Ur Worthy...
Jocelyn in our trendy Leo hoody ! Now in both boutiques S M L
me huele a ARTE pura
gracias , gracias
I love this
Happiest of Birthdays to the Greatest! Miami University
I can't wait to see the internet explode I'm already so proud of you Namjoonii
DJ accomodating some people at the airpoirt last night
can't wait babe
do it, my birthday
tomorrow i'll see you again with my friends. so proud of you. brazil loves you much.
I need u too..
Lost my best friend ever had today. gonna miss you so much. you brother.
Happy birthday to the most admiring & charismatic leader. We love you!
Happy (very belated) birthday
Drew her Naruto OC, Korite, along with Kiba Inuzuka.
That run was awesome! The spin with the hurdle! ALL What a play!
We love this band. You will too check em outttt
Perfecta!
Ur making everyone proud(:
UNIDOS POR PRAZOLI
Hoje e sempre
Mi Paborito.
Good morning to and to Maymay ingat kayo
BORA GANHAR SEGUIDORES
DE FAV E RT PRA ESPALHAR
COMENTE PARA INTERAGIR
SEGUE QUEM DEU RT
SDV
Yey season 2!
WIBE via instagram
ATTN: Follow all the people who reply to this tweet
Feeling inspired again! Looking forward to some statement chunky necklaces!
Lovely
D-377
disney with my mama
Morning!!
we're so excited!!! luv u so much!
Bby, you can talk to me, stay strong
My shorty
Got my snacks and drinks ready for on Hold my calls!
Miss you
Thank you for these beautiful drawings and for coming to the show. We hope you enjoyed it!!!
What a super fun day with my little family! I be more thankful! Keeneland Race Course
Im not ready!!! So excited
I SUH U
If you haven't use your LINE/FB account, do vote for now
Malibu Nights ugh!!
your personality that we love Also you have great features
Aww yes. But don't worry, Elephants have a thick skulls, I'm sure he didn't get hurt
Thanks dad. try not to LOL
I fk with these bijs hard saved my starving ass
Me enjoying my plastic balloon
sponsored by;
Reppin why we today with my painted pumpkin
Love and miss you Peyton.
[C48]
my nanny calls baby girl a little honey bee.. how cute
Thank you.
the best
Despite everything. so thankful or EVERYTHING. I cherish everything and everyone in my life. I thank god
They were gay the whole time
Talha
Please sleep for some time.
TE CON TODO MI
Goodmorning
glad getting good minutes. producing and doing great out there.
The DoDea has so many open positions right now and I wait until I can start applying next year
I wish I could live near you guys all the time
appreciate it J, keep grinding my man
its going to be amazing cant wait love you Nam
Happy birthday Charlotte !
gets no
Omg this tweet is so pure, thank you
Te amo.
I feel like you my property take it wrong
Good morning
were so excited and already proud Love youu
This was really sweet, thank you
isis trio forever
What a wonderful weekend with my people celebrating the engagement of my dearest friend
Catching up on my family vacation! Love this show!
Dogs are the best Cats are shady & sneaky probably like your X
Goodmorning
I love you, glad I got to spend my very first day as an adult with you.
THANK YOU I want she to be in peace and happy~
I will
Mis amores
Minha base
AHH I'M SO EXCITED
Good Morning Friends
happy birthday brother!
Yehey!! Glad that I can help!
Good morning everyone except for overthinking
We had a blast this weekend at for the Did you buy from us? Let us
feeling the love as well, just seen your tweet about being inactive. I hope everything is okay, I
ainn , te amo
Happy Birthday to me!!!
Valentine
This year you're mine calebleemusic!
And you, whom will be yours?
Meu dia 20
Happy birthday Charlotte
This lighting though nic_coal
Thank you for sharing your music and talent to us.
Nooo girrrllll! The Real Tarzan been here I followed him like over the summer but bruhhhhh did u see
Iconic Red is her color omg
My pretty pumpkin picker
I want that too! Miss you guy's amazing music
He is truly an inspiration. Bless his little heart.
Just over here at the Rocky Mountains
Remember star gazing on victors truck
Also, may we repost this on Instagram? What account shall we credit?
I was having the time of my life lol I might even carve a pumpkin this year
Do it! I have str8 up listened to this album three times already tonight.
Some things never change Still love you and still have faith in you Blake.
MEU DEUS EU AMO VCS
Got everything off my chest
thinkin bout water birth
Miss you too! Salamat, mother! I hope enjoying school + Australia. *squishy hugs!*
Happy Anniversary
Wish I could hear them already
Desantis keeps cutting gillum off. Team Gillum!
They renamed my favorite rest stop on i95, the Delaware Welcome Center, after Joe Biden
good morning aylabyualat.
Duas
Good night
Listen to by fragile soul on
Home of Legends
Oki. I can laminate it
so very sorry.
I love you!!!! Always was my fan thank you babe I got you with some videos soon might need you to do
Christina sharing to Put Students Before the power of a simple index card
We Thanks for all you do for Principal Johnson!!
Deff is Cant even be mad at yall joe females
Awww ily
ME EMOCIONAS NADA
TE AMO TANTO.
Thank you
I'm soooo excited!!!!!
not much longer now
happy bday my love enjoy this blurry pic xxxxxx
Volume 1 and 2 authors. Thank you for all that you do. awesome!!!
Wishing everyone a great week ahead
Karol via - instastories
.
.
(@karolsevilla)
Tweet this out Mixers
Voting for Woman Like Me by Little Mix feat. Nicki Minaj
And there was the basement great times down there
So glad I was raised to have an old soul , I grew up listening to Fleetwood Mac , Cindy Lauper , Tracy Chapman , Connie ... etc
Motivated. Determined, and ready to slay the day!
.
.
.
Thank you very much.
Ahhh que lindo UNIDOS POR PRAZOLI
More reasons to love the state
goblin
Mi Corina hermosa
your team is so cute I love love song choice too one of my favorite Disney song
I just hit the 10 day mark and will be deleting my account by the end of the month.
Vanessa Ponce De es Miss World 2018.
Our little marshmallow.
Ahahaha hahaha
TY LADY V I appreciate it he always gets my spirits up
Yo muero este 23... Nam es el mejor. GRACIAS POR EXISTIR.
Namjoon, we feel it already
IM SO EXCITED FOR THIS, IM SURE THAT YOU DID YOUR BEST IN THIS WORK LOVE YOU SO MUCH JOONIE
sorry.
OMG
NAAAAAMJOOON! VAS A MATAR!, ES DEMASIADO BELLO!, TODO TU ES ARTE
READY
Love this so much makes my skin feel so clean and smells so good
my shirt is supposed to come in tomorrow!! Super excited . tweet you pics once I get it love your videos btw
Ah como eu amo essa
Homecoming weekend with the funky bunch >>
Some things never change
Seguem!
IM SO EXCITED!!! The minute I get the notification I am going to listen to it and I will love it. I love you Namjoon
Thank you for all the time and effort you've put into this production. We love you!
Talk to me - I love that sound
Slayy y'all
ever force your kids to love relatives that don't reach out to them. THATS WHY ION CUT NO
We rock. You rock. Everything rocks!
One word for this Hottie Couch
Sapna Vyas Looking Hottie
Follow
Inquiry iumarajaz
.
.
.
.
KIM NAMJOON REALMENTE ERES ALGUIEN NO HAY PALABRAS PARA DESCRIBIRTE
Chased my baby all the way home
Get well Thank you
Obg
Dengo
Future Icon incoming
Goodmorning
how are you and the babygirl feeling today!? also Elle getting along with princess
meus firulentos
Still praying for you love hope all is well.
happy birthday leadernim luv u
Thank you
was a whole
It was wild like always but still a lot of fun
be nice if you also can follow me since is my follower and you all love him
In my driveway today.
Thank you for translating They know how I-EXOL need and feel
A little part of my KP collection
You got this bro, I understand it gets hard but you gotta pull through, we all believe in you and we are all here for you
Love your singing.
ALGUIEN QUIERE VERME MUERTA Y SOS VOS JFNSIDNSK
Vem ou me pede para ir...
By:
I got my very first tattoo yesterday in honor of my beautiful momma. Love and miss you always. Forever and ever.
I love u so much my baby, please take care and enjoy your work.
award. Teeheee. But seriously awesome
familia es toda mi vida!
Never ever let it cool! $2 hot chocolate Monday 12-11pm downtown! Knoxville,
me seeing my coworker who i have a crush on get a message from someone with a by their name
Thank you Everyone who has support so far Please check out my videos
I love this poster. Is that Ryan Gosling?
glad your not a scammer that says go
i promise it gets easier as time passes! hang in there
U gonna send the recommendations or not
Just kidding
Meu fechamento
I love you too babe! hang this week
Omg baby luke
I love youu!, your the best
Hi Gyeomie! (Dear master I sent you a DM please thanks!)
thank u
la kbera Thank you pretty Ty for?
wow gorgeous girl inside and out an aspiration to everyone
OUR boys
Familia
Oldies are my favorite
Yooo! Guys go check out new vidd Its SWAGGED OUT YO
the core of iKON HAPPY BIRTHDAY LOVES
HAY NO MMS NO ME ALTERES ASI NAMJOON
Sip, Paint & Hookah party for my Almost 30th Birthday 10/24
Thanks to everyone that came out. Silver
So thankful I was raised to have an old soul , I grew up listening to Fleetwood Mac , Cindy Lauper , Tracy Chapman , Connie ... etc
tito dong's kiss on his daughter's forehead. grabe, so warm and endearing tumatagos sa screen! i felt it.
thats just stuff signed and tubs not even my shakers
appreciate it homie, much love
EXO BAT NYO KO PINAPAIYAK NG GANTO, BAT FEELING KO FIRST EXO COMEBACK KO NQNAMAN TO YIXING BEBE
Uma obra de arte
Our beloved
The best family in this world
forget that we start Red Ribbon week tomorrow
sooooo excited. I need it too
thank you
I LOVE reading books to my son that have characters in them that look like him.
Much love bro, hope everything's alright man
boa sorte
this song really be hitting
I wait to hear it baby I know u worked so hard on this. I know it will be amazing
My heart is happy
Yeees me too sis
Can we all just agree that is wise beyond her years and is fucking amazing? God bless her sweet soul.
NAMJOON VA A SER UN
Necessito ir no show do Jerry
Vail Farm grade 5 goes every year. We Ashokan! Excited to see Mr. Shornstein this year.
Awwwwn...
you should start doing push-ups again happy birthday to Noah
how the app notifies you when your luggage has been loaded on the
We're happy to help, Amy! If you need any other tips, we're always here for you!
Mais 2 edits para a
Love the tats
Sou completa
Love you boo boo Love u too whoever u are
what about philly because I really need to hear all of these new songs live
D-4 -
D-3 - 2PICK
My other baby My Baby LeLe
Can't Forget the Legend himeself!!
Fresh rocked the and killed the scene.
.
.
.
"Pray for the things you cannot change"
love you loser
Oh my God, that's so sweet. Thank you.
This is very thoughtful and I thank you for your kindness. We are over crisis. I am sorry for the rant.
What a good boy! Happy birthday Max!
I thought you might
Thanks for your support and tick of approval! - Mike (@username4twitta)
Te amoo
loved and valued by God
Amazing Saturday spent with family Lexington, South Carolina
Eu amo muito vcs
Chen and I expecting to see Lay but pleasantly surprised
Omg this is out of this world made me laugh
Sem palavras!!
Love u both
What a fabulous idea Maybe or another organization like could
I love you. See you tomorrow
Oh my gosh, thank you so much! the sweetest ever!
My favorite
God bless.
Have a nice day
Good luck
This edit is so beautiful
Happy birthday beautiful with all my love to U, may Allah blessU Ameen
Love U
Shoutout to
Camgirls Wanted
Camgirl,
Get your tickets now because HOLLY AND HOLLAND are playing w us tomorrow at 11pm. $5 cc
DROOOOOOP IT I'm so READY
Thank God for Youngblood because we're graced by Mars' voice
A big ol thanks to my stinky for taking this pic for me while I was driving
We ride by lifting others
Nice.
Go Namjoon!!!
Still cuts eps. 7
quero
Good Morning Friends
belated happy birthday des!
Two special people.
Tomorrow
TyL for giving me the best man ever
sooo cuties
Thug Life
Gotta support dad
Such a sweetheart
INTENSIDADE
Valentine
This year you're mine vaya0170!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
I miss you
Beautiful
is now online
think about the shortcomings & come up short!!! and
My mom kept Luna over the weekend and I literally have never missed anything more In my entire life so glad my daughter is home
so satisfied knowing I have my own money
Will always love this song
Happy birthday!
:0
I love this and I love you!
Bf's side of the closet
Earth will destroy you, follow the one place on this earth where nobody on earth can reach; your heart
Awww gracias a ti por existir
You need to listen to every week! Super awesome podcast! from a neighbour.
a little girl on the way!! so excited for you, love you guys!
So beautiful I swear! You need to come LA beautiful
AAAAAAAAAA
Stay humble goodeww!
This is a heart-stoppingly fantastic read. So much to ponder.
We all are
I love Charleston! Was stationed there in my youth. Well done you!
My body
Shakes and trembles
Ripe to erupt
With my love for you
"Upgrade U"
so cute!!! happy birthday
Work with a side of Gilmore Girls in the background.
My masterpiece
RED
FB / RT
Bob Marley
WEPA FELICIDADES!
Pues vamos yo te invito..
Welcome and yes I'm from Montreal
Valentine
This year you're mine JakeWebber9!
And you, whom will be yours?
come as you are king
Yasss! worry pat! We will enjoy your video no matter what!
Youre gonna be great
Minha negaLora
Persecuted but not defeated :
CONGRATULATIONS OUR
So proud of you
O F.B vai te acertar com fuzil do Flamengo
We be on another planet it be all about us !
Improbably - but wonderfully! Happy birthday to you.
I was reading a fanfiction a while back. And each chapter had a new quote. Well, I quotes! Here are a few of my favs
I really miss Obama.
this + game ball to =
forever love you
Homecoming 2018
Gonna miss all those MI folk and
My mood is at its best )):
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Bailee!
Look at this face!! Lena admitted happy to see her!
EU QUERO OUVIR AAAAAAAAAA
welcome hun
I'm listening to Billie Eilish - when the party's over (Audio) with Musi!
We are definitely ready for Thank you for your gift
SEMPRE POR TER COMIGO
Good Morning my princess!! Sending you lots of love, hugs, kisses and positive vibes.. Wish you
Pretty lady
SI
21 years? congratulations guys! One of my favorite songs of all time!
i cant wait to meet the man of my dreams yo
His mochiest face came out at the end! I was waitung since the last time He showed us in Run BTS
Had an amazing weekend in Chicago with him
Oh. My. Goodness.
I have really great parents
ahhh q isso amg hihi
somos lindos
I was always a fan but I U for this! You're pretty much amazing!
I added a video to a playlist Nissa - COSCU ARMY
hey pooh
i betttt talk to your wife girl and pretty sure have a cute lil baby in no time
NOooOo you are!!
I want to thank you guys. I feel less in my head because of your tweets.
Dr Sharp (@Sharphistorian ) undergrad thesis vibes
Valentine
This year you're mine reggie_webber!
And you, whom will be yours?
I know that's true because I'm the same way actually
Thank you!!
Happy birthday to oh how I love playing on her birthday
mahal na mahal namin kayo ni jowa mo.. super
from sabrioliveiira1
Tag
Owner/Admin. lulysant
Other page. _femalebeauty
Comment
Good morning I hope you have an awesome day today. I love you
I love this
To3
Lf2
Ps4
Est or central
Be able to travel
Don't waste time
RTs appreciated
I added a video to a playlist Cutest Cover Song-LOVE ME LIKE YOU DO-THAI SONG
Buddha & his stuffed Donkey
This is you
Valentine
This year you're mine starboypatty!
And you, whom will be yours?
Can't wait
I love seeing happy couples
Shoutout to the people that actually check up on me
Lmao yooo I woke up this morning and I was like I saw Arie where is she at
my forever i love you
the sound of ocean waves are so relaxing
can't wait to see OT9
happy early trick or treat
NEW LOGO MADE FOR ! RT and FAV appreciated
Yep, right now I am wearing my Daddy's, who just passed this year.
My personality is definitely calm and chill
26.2 is officially scratched off of my bucket list. A memorable experience.
I got youuuu bff, foreva and evaaa
Puppies, flowers, and a meet and greet by the sea. Today was a beauty-FILLED day of campaigning in Thanks for the District 1!
Love you all, thanks for an amazing season I'm going to miss every second of it
Wonderful class, as always! Pilates with Stephanie R.
Ditch the blonde for these beautiful brunettes (65 Photos)
The apple of my eye
AAAAAAAAAAAAA
I live for BTS' IDOL but can we talk about how good ken is? I mean come on. Amazing job
if you
So happy for you Kat!
Yo te amo bebe
thank you love
$60 of Wine & Cheese to set the mood. Now to start Making a Murder Part 2 - sometimes I do cool shit
Already done! I hope you get more donations soon
this video lol
That's perfect! Thank you so much
My morning music.
Just saw what a beautiful voice, beautiful writing, beautiful sound.
Me encantan ustedes
Some things are more important mate
ur the best
Happy birthday to my bias wrecker Kim Hanbin! Can't wait to meet you and the rest of the boys on the 11th
Nice.
Go Namjoon!!!
o Rony
birthday gift from my friend May na may Knorr pork cubes pa HAHAHA
Todo lo que has hecho con Amor...
Thank you for the best weekend ever.
Come visit us next time home
hang out and be mentally unwell together. I love you so much
You have no idea how happy this makes me. I can't wait until tomorrow so I can listen to it
In honour of last week in
Meet Me Inside But Everyone Is Lin-Manuel
Celebrating all weekend long...
with my Prince Charming.
with his 3rd
they forgive you
Both
My sunshine
Segunda temporada de Young Sheldon Sheldinho vem morar cmg
Aproveite amiga
always welcome to come over babe
waypoint a legend for this
I Denzel almost the way you Janet
You two are the sweetest
So many emotions
Love this
This
our pleasure miss
My own Moving Castle!!! Another Magic Sunday
bitch where u at?? be ur best buddy and pal. cook for u too
.
EM UM
Perfil
Thank you so much for handling this order. a fantastic GOM and I appreciate all your hard work
tweet the squad photos from yesterday show please
Look at this precious hooman
Tengan
baby taly , que el martes van a romper
Thank you! I love your pics best
Changlix
wow I would love to come to You someday sweetheart you are very beautiful yum yum
"2:36am Yoonmin" on Just posted a new book, Please go show it some love
can i forever wake up wrapped in duvet??? ahhh good morning
it was such a nice experience seeing intocable like i grew up with my family bumping their music
Tommo
I can't even
Rt y donde armamos la party ?
wait
I am thankful for the hard times in life because I find out who has my back and who all about perspective!!
Thank you for shopping with us, Massiel! We hope you had a wonderful birthday!
Que consiga atingir sua meta
Had a great hOUmecoming with the ones it all started with
Thank you
Happy birthday to my favorite Thanks for singing to me and signing my SnapBack
Hold firm T. God got you. Praying for you and her family
Thank you so much
supportive as always
Spidey and MJ
I just watched Coco for the first time and.... wow such a cute movie
, you're my hero.
Un hombre maduro...
Gracias Mami y hermanitos por mi festejo
I love Groot so much
I love you so much tori
I love my new puppy
Linda
Once you find the one, you know
Preparation for the Accreditation on Wednesday.
I like a once in a while but no smileys.
of course daddy
I stole this from Steph who Stole it from Sky do it
So proud of you gurl
Mind the gap, a rootin tootin good time!
Omg yay, congratulations!
Valentine
This year you're mine adoringwebber!
And you, whom will be yours?
Amo
What a sweet kitty! he called?
Valentine
This year you're mine adoringwebber!
And you, whom will be yours?
todo es mejor...
Ayeeee my bihhhh!!! Thanks love
De mis lugares favoritos
I them all. Heck considering illegally migrating myself.
[Kill La Kill/Little Witch Academia] Find more and related at Anime Lovers WorldWide
ESTO ES ARTE AH
goodmorning to my sons only! i hope all of them have a nice day ahead
JOONIE WAIT TO HEAR IT
Curious catgirl [Original] Find more and related at Anime Lovers WorldWide
LIKE = x5 FORTNITE RANDOM ACCOUNT!
- 1 WINNER!
Follow:
END: 50 LIKES
and RT
After 5 mos. of LDR Namiss kitaaaa. jerrymaycao Greenwich Morayta
Sunset
I just saw this and crying. Thank you so much. I needed this reminder
Peaceful morning
make you dinner
VAMOS TE DAR TODO O SUPORTE JOONIE! AINDA SEM OUVIR AS EU ADOREI, TE AMO
Iti malia
got yes so far and loving it
Can not wait too expierence this
minha
I NY
Ik vind een leuk: Fortnite Moments that make you wanna care for and cherish your homies
Done! Good luck on the walk.
Ily
O melhor
She's mine
THANK YOU FOR ALL YOU SUPPORT
I APPRECIATE THAT SO MUCH
SO GLAD TO BE PART OF THIS INCREDIBLE FANDOM
Our daughter Emmy for Halloween
Good morning yii!!
Happy monday~ hope you will have nice today!
Happy birthday ciketum
Good morning all Lovely friend
que amiga, hermana
Thanks Rachelle! Now your turn to be 21! Love ya!
When you feel like giving up, look back at how far you've come
Dek semangat yaaaa! Kamu pasti bisa!
love is reciprocity.
Yes please!
We Love America
Police Wife Pride
You look like young Michelle Pfeiffer
I love making Brennen care packages
Sending love from New Jersey!
I need you to care about what upsets me, even if you don't understand it.
Should've been 8-2!
Thankyou
Escape to reality
Hi friends!
I posted a new singing vid on Facebook and Instagram!
I make a funny face at the beginning so you should go watch it!
-my freakin heart i love you!
Family Cooking Showdown on warms my heart.
They will be blown away on how RED it will be Nov. 6th!
I'll enjoy every blue tear!!!
I look pretty horrible in this one but it's only because of Z Ughhh we are killin it with the
Congratulations!!
Aaa amo dms
No sweetie bless your heart
is so perfect
JESSICA RABBIT
Me is childish and happy and childish and happy and childish I love the way its is
Alex is a true friend
You too!!
Ah y haber visto a
With love
When gave us a great ORIGINAL concept
Omg! Thank you for translating.. I was hoping someone would!!
thank you for such a powerful and emotional episode tonight.
A Queen uplifting another queen
Watched today. No commercials on Netflix
OML thank youuuu :)))
Thanks G for another day
Son hermosos
Los amo
nice one
Sending love to all of you, health stuff sucks and so does solo parenting :/
these words are like gold
Kansas City looking beautiful tonight!
Muito amor nessa foto
Thank you
Hmm.. You need win a Giveaway?
Fav Here.
Turn On Notifications
Come on
20 FAVS TO MAKE A GIVEAWAY
God give me a sister but he made sure he blessed me with a handsome brother.
Awesome afternoon seeing our friend Derrick star in his show! Even more awesome to catch up afterward!!!
Aww, a good egg!
Specials for the Week of Oct 22,
, you love me. Give the girls kisses for me
I'm so ansioux!
I know you prepared something wonderful to share with us.
Love ya!
I LOVE THIS it's super funny you are awesome .. you and peter
Happy Anniversary to these two creative lovebirds xmissmelliex & kadethecrazy of ashdownandbee
Man give me a girl with a goofy Personality and a gorgeous smile I will be good SN:Also a gamer
Muito is real
UNIDOS POR PRAZOLI
much love
I early MB videos. Chemistry between these two is .
Or bless her
My Weekend Was Pretty Great! And Hopefully Ends Betta
I thought sports brought people together
Happy bday to a local idiot believe you ruined your moms life believe
Add me on Snapchat jennycx163
GIf
BOA
Can you help retweet this for Miss Abbie. She needs some love
Nd mt serio
welcome
Right beyond pissed. We still all taking shots of Henny tho lol. I hope you and BooBoo enjoyed the game tho
Thank you Soror!
I love you too baby
ilyt you're welcome
so proud of my tonight, they did a fantastic job and I be prouder! So talented
make sure to watch dwts junior!
Son lo mejor
I love you too Emily
Gorgeous work again
I love you sweetheart
Get well Goldeng!
Gorgeous work again
I had so mych fun with my friends & my son with weekend
thanks for being apart of my special day! ilysm
Worn eye shadows just to cover my sembab eyes :') missing u hubs
to you
your favorite song of yours and why? P. S. I love you so much Llama King!
I Meal Prep in Starkville for a reasonable price and if you RT this you could help me find my next customer
Why is there a face like "" XD and yes hurry!!!
I liked a video Fortnite Moments that make you wanna care for and cherish your homies
Why you have this emoji Namjoon?
I love you marry me
Or marry you with Jin (NAMJIN)
Weeds and rocks. I have a whole collection of them. They are treasures from my sweet Bella.
ainnnnn
Allow your to radiate pulses of pure Love Vibrations
Since 2002 to eternity.
Sharing for a bit of reassurance
Yes, yes, and YES!
Applejack Pumpkin Patch
Any fave scary movies you've seen recently/would rec? (And how are you feeling?)
u know who u are
love to read ur poetry ! And love to share mine with you
I I'm a proud donor of CC. Join me in building a vibrant global commons - donate at
What a great weekend. wait to cut a rug on the dance floor this coming June in 2019. love
Dicen que las cosas Bonitas...
My brothers got this battle we in this together
to you.
I wait to hear how it goes for you!
Congratulations for an awesome weekend! What a comback! Much from south AR!
gave her ALL tonight! This was the last show EVER thank you for the last 5 years
Find you a man who looks at you like this
please be healthy babies
My bad for exposing u bro
Flawless discography. There are gems, both in Russian and in English. Miss them.
Generous Sunday
Aa a teacher, this is so great! We and appreciate our custodians!
Can't wait to see it!!! are going to be amazing hosts and I hope they win!!
Mejores amigas
Rt y mi pepa quiere comer chorizos bien lecheros
Taco date night Sunday this week with my love.
shanejburr I Sharks SeaWorld Orlando
OMG I CAN'T WAIT ASDFGHFD
I stop watching this!! so happy!! fight for old DC
yikes thanks
2018.1022: Bringing you a British diversion for this MJ Monday...
climbing into a bed that has clean sheets is
Picking out names
Placebo
Wow, I don't know what to say, besides, you go. If this is what you need to do, then do it. Be happy. Be you.
These late night drives blasting the shit out my music lol
love u lots, friend
amooo a Thassia d+++
buenas noches
Feeling the loss over here in southern California & sending prayers for comfort and justice
0 0
Tweet this out Mixers
Voting for Woman Like Me by Little Mix feat. Nicki Minaj
pawfect
As you would say
Ox! Eu gosto
lindaaaa
New header
so ready for christmas break something about not being at school delights me
ICONIC
Oh; I see, it makes sense. Well, we hope you have better luck next time
desi x katy round 2
Friendcation Pallet
Thank you!
be okay tho
Love so much wait
Omfg!! SLAAAAY MIA!!!
Heck be at twitch con! try my heckin hardest to stop by at least for a moment.
You too
Mi Darling & BFF
happy birthday hen!!!!! much love for u
.. Tweet this out Mixers
Voting for Woman Like Me by Little Mix feat. Nicki Minaj
Thank you!
His smile tonight was just infectious
It is! Hope the same for you Chris!
Love your energy
Those friends that are just constantly uplifting you
flyin home to my happy place
Dedicate a ser feliz,...
was just listening to this
Amen
you don't know how happy I feel when you're with your family, I love you guys so much that i call my family's too
Te amo
ifb
How it feels having two daughters. I still love them though.
u're so caring thank u so much sweetie I'll dm u when things go tougher later okay ily
DANG! That is incredible!
I love her
Man talking to my big brothers and seeing them prosper is inspirational I love ya boys to death
My whole heart
LEO
Me is childish and happy and childish and childish and childish! I love the way it is
TE AMO
spread the love HAHAHAHAAHAH
reallt made my day oh my
MY BLOOD Nobody deserves this more than you congrats homie
happy happy happy birthday binieeeee!! later na lsm ko hihi iloveyousosososomuuuch!!
Arrived home after one of the best weekends of my life!! you have outdone
In the words of Michael Jackson - I'M STARTING WITH THE MAN IN THE MIRROR
One thing av noticed about this season is wee alfy is falling in love with our club an the fans are falling in
Hate Taking Pictures But Loc Life
omg thank you babyyy i love you
I our team! District tournament this week!!
i jamie he really got us crackheads covered
Bellako
A gift for you
Print and keep in a friendly reminder location. Working the Word Works
Love it
Aww miss you too boo!
Praying for the best result of CPALE. 100% USL Passing Rate. Please, Lord
xo twirling you 2 Sia's "The Greatest.." reminds me of you, since you are
UNEXPECTED SEMINAR GRADE OMGGG WHAT A GOOD WAY TO START THE WEEK AHHH GOOD MORNINGGGGG
Your bitch is kind of struggling rn but be back please contact me if you just wanna use me. Please
You rock, Tim. you and Jen.
hi sam !
wishing you a speedy recovery
Goodmorning Beautiful
We love Jennie
Queer As Folk
3 years with my
thank you so much! Love you
Awe Filthy!!! Thank you so much much love to
Good mornin dodong!
safe flight and have fun in beijing today jacks
I'm here, sissy!
We paying for nails, hair,& eating her pussy 3 times a day in 2019
not too bad, thank you sugar
MI ENCANTADOR HOMBRE!! QIE RICO INSTANTE CARGADITO DE ENERGIA
Aww ikin, thanks for your kind words!! I wish I can be a good godmother to her
thanks bb!!!!
will neva change
content but crazy that this is only a pinch of to come.
Picked up my ukulele for the first time in ages today. Sang my heart out and played until my fingers hurt too much.
The best.
171022
blessed
Thank you. Real soon.
my baby baby
Books come to us and we come to books at the right time. Thank you.
sure it looks great!
Eu amo essa mulher !
You da best
I'm so happy for you. You gave your mom the opportunity to love you more when you came out.
Boy it get no better than you
Nova de Dakota ontem, no evento "Global Down Syndrome Foundation".
You fine asl Thank you my baby
happy anniversary, KS KS
let's relive this moment, eh?
bootydoctor69:
Ainda bem que a gente tem a gente
Lo bien que me haces !
Te quuiero
Court omg crying Thank you so much!! honestly been nothing but so supportive and i
Amazing!! Congratulations and much deserved from all of us at &
Blondes are having way more fun this weekend (40 Photos)
The way she looks at him
We Love 2 Parttttyyy Chill's Bar & Grill
Dias increibles !!!
Solo contigo
Thank you!!! I am so happy we met (online) too and I can't wait to meet you in person some day!
This was honestly the best weekend had in awhile. I really change the people I met at Rutgers for the world
Happy birthday ate abby
Oh my gosh!! Harry is like a love sick puppy!! He does not want to leave her!! Poor guy!
give up
Happy Birthday to this boy! Aside from suho, you're the best leader hanbin Keep on writing beautiful songs. I
a STOOGE U GOTTA GILLUM
I miss you and I love you very much
Thank you brother was horrible been so fuckin helpless man wouldn't wish it on any parent
Our killing it with the haunting ballad Once Upon Another Time.
Let me be the one who calls you baby all the time
happy birthday hope u had the best day :) thanks for all the fun times miss u
We love you Jennie
Great show! Great tribute to Chester. Thanks Mike!
I had a dog called Zac too! I miss him so much
We used to call him the first 5
whoo hoo i love Honne!
Acapella guys! Omg!
Bring in the bad jokes and bad girls (18 Photos)
Same to u babe
I love you baby
De repente...
girl: a little gift... from me to you
girl:
girl:
boy:
wow. no words.
So young and still had her whole life ahead of her. Condolences to her family and friends May she rest
A THALITA ACABA CMG NA MORAL
This boy!!!!
Awwww!
My Night was perfect
And MDI, sorry fam I love you guys too
God this president is so fakking awesome
De maior
Goals
Bro like him is Just
Don't worry about it :) means a lot
this inspirational woman owns my whole entire heart.
JAJAJAJAJAJAJAJ TE AMO
i love pam
My best forever Happy birthday ya Helwaaaaaaaa
Love you
NAMJOON OMG I'm not ready for this art, I LOVE YOU!!!
Man Beautiful
Have two baby girls want two more and I want boys this time around
This is how you keep relationships alive
MY LOVES thank you
Me and my son saw some dinosaurs at Park near his house today. We love the Jurassic World Alive app.
LO ERES CAHUUU
Sammy Davis Jr ...... legend.. what a voice. Little guy with a big soul... not recognised as much as he should be Mr Bojangles
Best thing about this is, your still mine to love for many more
and Lazyness with my champ.
The .
.
. Be
This is called true friendship
makes everyone feel so good abt themselves he's so pure and kind I really love him
Good night Sun, we will see you on the break of our new day..... hugs of love Sand Key Park
Fiona love u
De ontem
Love together
Hsjshsjshs i hope so
If he don't see this i'll have a mental breakdown trying to find a better way...
you make me the happiest (,:
te amoo
i was on crying when she said bust my btw i love you guys
worry be back
Melhor familia
You and your emojis.... Sir this deserves a not
Fun fact: I love cooking, so therapeutic for me
You give me 3 heart,
And this form me
Amo
Oh! *tears spring to my eyes*
Together for 6 years, married for 1 year. Happy Anniversary to hot wife!
Fresh ginger tea is the plug.
Movie night with the gang and Santana
David M Gold is a true supporter!
i know how you feeling bruh , just stay strong for ma i love you
I love my little family
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG
OMG OMG
easiest $100 I ever made
lazy asses
V I E W
When a daughter loves her father I'm h2low404
Thi is happening my ot9 heart is crying finally the wait is over we will witness them again complete
Light is now bedazzled. Now I need to get a bigger mirror. But this bathroom is basically done.
Those people care about you tenfold. You do what makes you happy... my love is unconditional!
Happy Birthday Kim Hanbin!!
happy birthday girly hope you have a great day, love ya.
Goblin Slayer
Source:
I love
Cosplay is Art!
Good morning and happy birthday my beautiful man only love you
Happy birthday Carrie. We love you.
Love you too! Always here
Gracias por responder!
Pq lindo geovany ?
UGH CUTIE
IM SO FUCKIN READY
My king always made me happy, he has a good heart that's why I love him so deeply
Through thick and thin, the Anderson's home is filled with love.
HOCO With the best
My boy
Who wants 5000 vbucks before the come back of ghoul ?
like this tweet
current favorite artists and why?
I'll always wait for you in the morning, so make sure you put your own well-being before anything else
What a perfect little family.
Look who is this
I liked a video NAG SHOOTING! WOW! FEELING ARTISTA! | rhazevlogs
Thanks love
4 days till my sister is home, not going to see her right away but knowing home is going to be so great
I
Mi amor
When your girlfriends keep it real. them. We talk about everrrything
That's it. I figure I have to offset the amazing with the bimbo. It works for me.
thank you
Nope
Awww love u tae
Mummy loves you! It's chilly, wear something warm, dear.
her crazy self but okay thank you
We love you
I just finished S3 of daredevil
And it was Amazing
Can't wait for S4
kim hanbin,
Love You Most
My boy up in there living his best life g free gwillo
Samos bb
So much
So true...without them I would not watch the show!!!
Oh so sad about this. :(
so happy what a great weekend
Thank you! been a long time. We gotta hang soon
Nothing but facts! Hahaha! Thank you po for yesterday. Sobrang saya
Patiently waiting my time
Be positive, stay happy, don't let the negativity or drama of the world get you down. Smile!
G,M
My love for Tequila is because of her, took my first Tequila shot ever with my mom
From your snaps and your tweets I feel your level and I wanna be there with ya! miss u
Never could do a damn flip thanks bury
thanks bode!!
Finally got my nails done
Just in with r34
Molly :(
I love football
Me too all positive and good vibes
LIVE on ouuuu
Please come like my page!!!
Such a powerful and important episode of tonight! Can't wait for more like it to come!
Vai essa mesmo.
Gorgeous i see always your show on
Cafetando meus dois amores
time well spent
Thank you for the advance birthday treat
hey imma be flashback Mary for Halloween just making sure it offend my fav sister
My 2 Fav people
TE AMO TANTO
love u
Oh wow my heart
Ni
Niatom
Newton
1 year with this twitter account 3,141 followers i love you all!
& Gates HAPPY SUNDAY
Tu naricita
Vida
Congratulations Nat!!! so so proud of you
more of a can pull up type of
Thank you!!!
Baby
I Gotta Learn To Let Go To Move On & To Humble Myself Everthing Gone Fall In Line
7 Celsius, Lobsters, Boston Cream Pie and Ohana Boston Common
Breakfast. Yum!!
If I could mail my heart right to you I would. I pack it up, seal it tight, and send it overnight.
actually been pretty happy the last couple weeks and it honestly feels so good!
Thank you for all the love today, guys. I'm giving it right back!
Thank you sweet heart
Lana del Rey you forever have my heart
Beautiful ; you're a lucky wife
You gonna be great governor of beautiful Florida good luck
good morning dodong!
miss u buddies wishuwerehere !!!
I need now
I honestly think Look is his favourite song because he ALWAYS looks so excited performing it
be my friend please
Yesterday i thank god for giving me a good friend hoping and praying for our strong and longer relationship
Not the same without. I mean SERIOUSLY!
We our seniors!
I know how I got so lucky to have Brianna as my best friend, she knows exactly how to calm me down
I Love You Always Forever
There's so much more to life kaya smile lang and be thankful. Always choose happiness.
Amor de mi vida
happy birthday beautiful
This a dream of mine as well Currently dealing w autoimmune illness to an extent where becoming
listening party at in Salt Lake Please???
I hope everything is ok thinking of you and your family
So many cool new friends! I love them
happy 21st birthday i love you X a million. to the bars!!!
This is too cute!! We need to watch something sweet once in a while!
Happy birthday love
Best friends always make life so much better.
I tryna play wit you tryna stay wit u, u know spend forever and a day wit u
!!
Absolutely! It's wonderful to see amazing talent celebrated. Keep on, keeping on girl!
Listen to the signs your body is giving you when it comes to exercise. If you need to rest, let yourself
You should expect it every time from here on out!
Appreciate it
Breathe hun!!!! Breathe!!! Come talk to me lovey!!! I know sooooo scary but are you okay?!?!
I everyone involved with this show!
. you just our President!! They still show the crowds.
My best forever Happy birthday ya Helwaaaaaaaa
Love you
out of school eut HAHAHAHA nyeta go go go pursue kung ano talaga ang gusto mo
Girl you literally snapped. And my wig as well sounds beautiful
read later thank youu
good people live a long time so sweet
Si hay talento...
Super Henry
im excited!
RT You better come on thru with the truth
rt my girls lil sister is missing. she feeling well
is the best
Thanks for posting these.
JC
It feels good to be home
Happy Birthday Love you my bunso
never going anywhere bub. i love you
happy birthday !! the sweetest and most beautiful girl inside and out!! i hope you had an amazing day!!
Ohh you have the full version on here haha I see that until now. That was cute af
If you like MBJ then follow our fan page on Instagram pls and thx!!!!
God knows I love animals they made me so happy except few u know cockroaches bed bugs
6 meses
I still see yo sh1dows in my room
Bae got me thinking about her all day long
ruin it for me tho
LO HERMOSA QUE ES
Always
Thank you. so thankful on board to try whatever it takes to save us.
so prettty
Even if nobody loves me I know you will forever love me
i may enjoy rap but pop music is always on top
Thank u sis
so proud of you. gonna do big things
So glad I got to be there last night. The show was awesome. Love you all.
thank you wiggie
Love this, forever happy and proud of you
Yes, indeed!
Sending to each & every broken
heart that has
Ummmm.. yes please?! User:cerce
Briana, Valentina and Jose
Vancon 2017 - Vancon 2018
that picture
My Baby So Cute in my Header
I the wine label wall This is our new favorite spot
tbm te amo ta?
A night of editing but with this couple, the time just flies!
Happy Fall Being a Mom is the best
Dawwww
So se for
yasssssssssssssssssss lol I'm Hyped
The emoji tho lol whatta mood (: Love You (: U
this photo!
thank you bby miss& love you too
Well text me if you need to
on at
Benny Hill
Beautiful & comforting
cry
Qu'il vive longtemps.
just amazed by his beauty.
Sun was bright, but our future is brighter
): im so sorry sending u so much
anything to make you smile
Easy for it
I cant imagine dude. Stay strong
Would be awesome to work with to get some kind of tourney for you guys
even pay but need the help from the team
te amo princesa
The cutest shit seen today
es la linda
Forever one of my favorites.
Sunday Vibe
Tessa and Scott
May you have many more !Stay Blessed & Happy
Love you my dear friend
Ready to ship
WhatsApp: 008613964224720
3 cakes celebrating special people Vid courtesy of
Well at least now not alone.
throughout his incredibly accomplished life, he changed the lives of so many people. he was taken too soon we
En familia
[ ] Look who's on screen, our adorable Kwon Yuri
blue dream , i dedicate that song to my kids honestly
Comment your reactions below!
UPDATED DAILY
Doubletap
Follow
Tag your friends
-
Eastwall rovers the real terriers
Will forever be one of my favorites. Perfect for when you need a pick me up or a breakthrough.
OMFG, that's beautiful
The shadow on the canvas is PERFECT!!
Happy birthday cuzzo! hope it was a good one love you
Lol candle for u all this week, prayer faith trust in his goodness no matter what where he bringing u to lead
I have the best friends in the entire world. Literally, if I need a laugh or even a good cry there. So, so, so blessed.
very grateful
Ja
Hdp
my baby thank you for making life 10x better , you are so amazing i love you so much
Love and miss you babe
when literally dating the >
!
my nights complete
I love her so much
Fin de domingo
Um menino dark
So this is about the time you text me and tell me acting like a fool, thxs
King of the Hill
Queen Naija-Mamas Hand made me cry the first time I heard it . I love that song
Proud of be your fan
We trust you,, just do it
Wish me luck
Te amoo
is truly a blessing
So glad playing for my You give every game!! start winning for you soon!
i'm so sorry
pretty mama you looked so good last night!
say that his dyin wish is to suffocate in tha sleep. her
I hate this song but....this video.
Done
22) The color of my eyes
My eyes are colored idk, I think grey with some shades of
Find someone who makes you feel infinite
Maravilhoso
This is my thought about the UN Speech for Speaking Yourself
Looking back on a great weekend and celebrating all of the happy couples who got to tie the knot!
Lean on me - Bill Withers.
the cutest family ever
Congrats! Having a niece or nephew is the biggest blessing.
Beauty and the beast
Excited for it!
Yes what I thought at first. lol.
Can't wait to see in this production on Friday!
Shower pics are such a tease.....but lchilllllllllllllllllll
an everyday thing!! You can do it!!! always here friend!!
Good morning
have a beautiful day
be happy always maa
Connecting with parents is my next step. I giving them a window into our classroom!
To be honest, you're more than good. You're the best as can be.
A wife for sure
Pickled Ginger is a gem. Thank you
Also streaming Fingers on five different tabs
i love you
They are incredibly brave.
ain acho q m novembrinho to bb sdd
wait to see you
Love him!
Last game ever with my boys, love them all to death. Never gone forever remembered
get this Go watch and share with your mom, dad / bro or sis
what about south america dates?
Were your ears burning??? We were talking about you and All good stuff, of course!
Nice article look thank you
Omg everywhere you go first the Keg now the theatre you'll love it one day!!!
Thank you baby
I would love that thank you I know I would struggle to put it on right xx
u started a beautiful trend we can do this often!!! it really increases people's confident and spread love
Thankyou for coming !
Amiguita hermosa !
22.10.2018
Thank you to everyone for all the warm wishes that I received.
Thank you to my housemates for
proud be your fan
New Shanagirl Necklace Prototype - Gemstones from Italy Okotoks, Alberta
People should enjoy sexual life without reservation.
Let's follow
I do u !! Sorry they lost.
Watta beautiful morning! my tweet and my instagram post omg! i love you Bella with all my heart
are you ever gonna a do a collab with Shane again ?? BTW love you queen
36 weeks
Tessa and Scott
Thank you for your support
Thank you
Valentine
This year you're mine Pietropoton!
And you, whom will be yours?
I love so much
+1
You gotta love the beach dressing up and shopping!!! Key things
Watching
And for being such an incredibly hardworking and genuine person
Happy Birthday to my beautiful baby cousin
So true
Stressfull and hectic move in almost seems worth it in moments like this. They both kinda melt my heart.
This though!! It feels like on looking out for us and having our backs!!
This is so heartwarming
Thankyou for coming
Shower pics are such a tease.....but chilllllllllllllllllll
Monday Morning and still high on I assume the luckiest fan who attended the I
A pic of my main Inkling and my penguin Inkling
ele!
Super cute dog video you need to watch!
there she goes again, being the most adorable one can physically be, with her cute ass family
Goodmorning
This is what reading right now. nearly impossible to put down.
My fav color
Obrigada Chely
So sorry! & prayers.
Correct Order of pic ...
My baby !!!
Today is my birthday
Happy Birthday to me
hi abby and i love and adore huang renjun with my whole heart and i will continue loving him forever and ever
Thank youuu Love you too
My happiness
Yes omg
your profile picture girl that eyebrow though lol looking up tickets for November; I wait to see you soon
I hope i am lucky
Amo a esta negra
I Love Red Bottoms But I Hate The Spikes
Not good at coming up with names but a beauty.
A good morning to us all thank you for the update, nature king Jinki
The best talaga ang
Thank you Triple! so much!
Lea oh Lea Best singer
when jinyoung is so whipped with jaebum he does everything he says
Yay! We all love you so much!
ao vivo pode
Te quiero reynaaaa...
I love you an my little boo
really? ahh
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Bailee!
You gotta remind yourself
good morning cutiepie coming through~
Thank you so much!!
Aceptate y Amate como eres
By
Goodnight to my favorite human on this planet my queen
Man my heart hurts so bad R.I.P. Hades I love you
I'm a 34-35/32 & would to try the Radius pants. L or M? Suggestions?
Happy birthday to an OG. Love you
I imagine life without my baby obsessed
Ya casi vacaciones
Anyone wanna gameshare BO4?
You look great
Anyone wanna gameshare BO4?
Thank you so much!
BMO
No matter what happens, I never forget who helps me when I'm nothing. Thank you.
well said people get to understand that has a great heart
oof thank u here's a song i love very much and it brought me into korean music and eventually bts uwu
Get you a friend who will catch a spider for you at 1:50 am for you
Why I can't trade weekends for anything
Thank you so much!
Multiple entry is valid right?
YAY my best friend won
Gracias
Meu amor te amo
Gol bonito
Your not letting anyone down huni sending you
Feel free to see what my mind and heart finds interesting
Rydel Lynch
Beautiful
Hope you like it!
Hermosa
Espero les guste!
.
.
.
norman reedus, thank you for everything you do please check this out if you maybe get a chance, we love you !!
Call me Angel. I speak a little English, not fluent but that's it. Welcome.
HBD Carrie Rest in power.
like mother like daughter
I know but not what I meant text you
DeSantis is seedy & shakey. I Gillum!
Compassion meets innovation. Love it! All-girl engineer team invents solar-powered tent for the
hey I love you
We trust you,, just do it
keep it going Marco!!! wait til u past out
YES
Happy Birthday
Tammie Langford Craig!
I love you so much!
(Oct. 22)
Finally spending time with my queen
Saw u one time at Pav. U grew up so pretty.
O melhor sempre
Let me just say... my small group is the best
I appreciate you guys working through it
Que elenco!
lindas
Wow... ummm should I tell her or? Jkjkjk. I love you so so so so so so so much boo!! you can spam
You are such a smart man.
Sooo in love with Shinedown
Videos of My Nephew Starting to Walk Do Make Things Better Tho.
epic moments wt them [@imrachelangela
Love you AS a brother, thank you jerb
A Cristina Yang mano...
re bellos
Literally CAN NOT wait to see you!!!
I left my heart in San Francisco 49ers Locker Room
not G i was just curious
Amo + que chocolate
My bf got me a spooky basket omg the candle broke bc he want to help me get out the car
And this is why you gotta love NYC
There is nothing like a hug from the one you love
My baby is the size of a winter squash!!! Perfect for the season
Awwee thank you Yasmin
A blessed morning my loves may and dong! Your happiness is our happiness as well. See you both
always fix it her
One of my favorites.
Ugh I wish I could do that. I just figure it out! That looks soooo good
I would love that thank you I know I would struggle to put it on right as not good at makeup xx
Thankyou for coming !
Best morning hanging out with my work family!
We love us some Quad!
Aceito links de fanfics em
Me and Sara got matching ones because we love each other. Martin wrote them
Azul mi hermana menor
I hope i can win :(
so sorry for your loss! Today you miss him terribly, but make him proud and vote blue. with you in spirit every day.
jump ahead to 9 weeks!
Lol low key
2nite was phenomenally wonderful can't wait till next week I'm so head over heels in with this show
father and son en Santa Fe, Santa Fe
Saddens me to say goodbye to my residents tomorrow..but to trying new things.
The person who ask for much and show you different deserves it all
Is that a Leinenkugel?
Good Morning Monday
We will open only until 7pm today and be back to normal operational hour for tomorrow
.
thank you
Sugarol by Maris Racal
RED, All too well, state of grace
Greatest blessing In my life
Thank you so much
Oi, conversem cmg Pf
We are ready babe
Hsd
Party with
Lo feliz que soy a tu lado
sending you prayers and love. I'm here if you need anything.
37 weeks
Me amarrei no presente
Love na love talaga ako ni Mama Ne Hihihi
Please be safe love you bunches
I wait huhuhuhu
I how much you to compete no 11...the daylight today was the 1 you find toughest to see in..onto Buffalo
good mornings
I just drove around the block to my best friends apartment to use his microwave to heat up my wax. Leaving cake as a thank you.
Minha parelha
loving this season 9 daryl!! you are absolutely killing it!
My mom sent me back to Waco with a bottle of whiskey and rum
Love is in the air. Who will hookup tonight???#thewalkingdead
You Could Be Anywhere You Want, But You Decided To Be Here With Me
thank you
Brother brother
Wow
With a 6-Nil win your top the league home field advantage & HOST
a good person Thank you for being you. I love you!
I discovered you because of my beautiful Skam and suscribed in a minute! Your suscribers have increased quickly
Happy belated birthday to u
May this day bring countless happiness and endless joy and live with
Jess and Gabriel will always be my favorite youtuber couple. Ang humble at ang simple nila. God centred pa.
I am always in awe and wonder of you.
Enter the Beyond October Giveaway!
Tag Your Friends
RT & Follow
Click Here To
I miss you x Aaron Hall ....makes me think of my Dad every time.
Um sonho melhor filme
Hi there little niece
naraid66
i%jnob0c%1ml
Love this!
thanks babe
boua noite bbs
i just dropped my first set of merch go support ! very limited quantities
49 months and still in love with each other
I love youuuuu!
You is bootyful the way you are; love, mom
Cher Llyod is back
A great comeback. Go check her latest single None Of My Business now!
Honestly last night was one of the most fun nights had in forever
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Brea!
My heart I love you both so much! I know what do without either of you
Absolutely im still on a high!
Good morning wonderful people
Thank you
Wishing your family well.
this!!!!! is LOVE
Finally, all in one place.
A little motivation
Do NOT bully people for the way they look. It is NOT okay, and you deserve to be treated better.
A lil dysfunctional but luv my minis
Tucker loves
Watching football all Sunday with my man and daughter has been ever so blissful.
my mother my biggest blessing I love her sooooo much
At all But thank you
Thanks for this thread !! People will finally see how amazing exo really is aside from their careers
It was a great a day! Love you family! en Calera, Zacatecas, Mexico
Thank you Lord
So happy you're in a better place. And the sharing. Super important and super brave!
So happy I went, it was amazing
He's a sweet face
: Follow everyone who Likes this tweet
I know I say it often on here but I love so much
The person who ask for much and show you different deserves it all
ESSE MLK O MEU ORGULHO!
hayo lho. prioritas dek. you can do this. dont let bangtan distract you, but make them as your inspirations
I wait to see you too!!!
had to play in the rain for this fella
You are wonderful. Thank you
HAY MAN AVI for
Feedback is greatly
Thank you for supporting my bud
It was the best ever!!! Such genuine connections
you belong with calum, your song would be monster among men
The last one
College ready for us
Thank you Sakura-chan much love
I just started S3. Plz be kind to my I live in a NE Ohio suburb. I your podcast a
you are smart like that Miss chatting with you!
Armadillo in the finals go show her love for me while at work!
I remember my sis always listening to bonobo in her uni days soooo sick
I miss you so much more my hannah !!!
Thanks Bridget!
3 facts
I really like it when something new happens
I love song consequences. Seriously such a beautiful song that speaks to me in so many ways.
It is obviously stated that is amazed with the kind and loving heart of
had a couple of disappointments but I always picked myself and turned it into a positive
Mommas boy
Thank you K you had me rolling today
.@WalkerHayes and his family just got the most adorable puppy! Meet
The energy i stay on
Yes well aware that spoiled and I try to do what i can for her in return
love being fit into plans, the sweetest gesture ever
for a tbh !
Sometimes four eyes are better than two
Eu acredito no amor. E
I care who you are, where from, what you did As Long As You Love Me
I love you more my better half
F them. I love and miss you beautiful!
goodmorning sunshine
AND YOURE AN AMAZING PERSON MARIA! hope you had a good weekend and that doing good
Parabens minha vida
Aw I love you baby!
When you decide to edit a recipe you can end up with a delicious cold brew cream pie
Happy Birthday Vinnie The Pooh!!!!!
May god bless you baby! My Meenama!
So sweet Hal thank you love u
girl crush Catch in in cinemas 1 Nov
you pretty what ' ty ' mean ? Thank you.
118 dias
Soooooo sweeeet
Romain Virgo shared beautiful moments with us and now we want to see yours Create a
enjoyed amazing time covering at
Thank you so much for playing Consequences
Here goes dancing away with our heart with his new single co-written with Larry McCoy Request
Good morning
No problem
are they?
love you both! What a journey we have all been on!
happy birthday
Aedyn worth it please do this. I care about you.
Romeo Santos concert with this
You welcome
My forever love
Con mis Primixs bellas
well that deserves a new pair of shoes
Are you the person that exhibiting the bitch-like behaviour?
Abdo will always be my favourite
be patiently waiting for you
You like this? Follow:
YESSSS. Ima Speak It Into Existence I LOVEEEE Kenny & I Been Down With You Since The Video
You probably need this kind of bag for molly Hahahaha
Has a very of the feel~
aww cutie little army the way she says "i love you" makes my heart melt
I love this.
good morning, hope you all have nice day.
Thanks Angel and I got you too!
Thank you Happy birthday to you too!!!
Good morning Shaheera...
No no keep sleeping... Kal der tak shooting thi na... Toh take proper rest...
My little heart been so long since felt like this.
So beautiful!
Hskdjsk bodia gatinha
im so happy for you!!! All my love goes to you and congradulations on your engagement!!!!
Alexa Bliss the goddess!
Taken by her kingslayer
Her best friend is da hugger
thanks for calling cam i miss you so much and hope we can see eachother again soon ps ur
I want nobody but youuu
I love getting shown off
I NY
IDK HOW TO FEEL ANYMORE MAMA IMISS AND LOVE YOU feeling unknown
Me Too
thankyou so much :(
36 going on 37 weeks
Work
Family is everything
Hija de reggae
BABE
Sos
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SEA BASS! ILYSM You will always be there for me and I appreciate the hell out of you Nick.
Goodmorning
You have no idea how much it means that you are standing up with and for us girls there is no place for sexism in 2018
cool bro. Let me try it to see if it still works
Te amo con todo mi ser.
Thank You
HT:
I LOVE SUPERCORP EPISODE
THANKS WRITTERS
Broth
Shout out to "King David". Whats Gucci, bruhhh!?! Be good and "One Love"....
This will be the first time I wore makeup in a while to school
SEGUIDORES? SIGUEME Y TE SIGO YAAAA#Followback avisa con
Ok, I this!!
I have inherited my grandmothers beautiful china, and I think next time I have a few friends
The beautiful First lady who started all of this ......
SEGUIDORES? SIGUEME Y TE SIGO YAAA avisa con#SIGUEMEYTESIGO 1.13
Thinking about our princess and general today. Happy birthday
Good morning Dude
Had a great weekend with my parents and my fellow choir as we conclude Revelation to Revolution San Antonio,
GET YOURSELF A BESTIE LIKE MINEEEE
Thanks for the picture big guy
I loved this episode so much
name a better couple. u guys
I love love such a hopeless romantic
We all do baby
Happy birthday
Thank you
She speaks the fucking truth.
praying for you girl. gonna be just fine
Aw, hope it gets better, friendo
One call away, am always here. Mahal kita, rebucas!
thank you for making us HAPPY Just listening to your music makes me feel better. continue to shine & create
-.-
Prayers for U & Family... Sorry for my outbursts earlier... Having a rough life day also
love the emoji. i cant wait!!!
Finally
Amo muitooo
You're welcome, princess. I hope you have a good rest! I love you!
Ese video es old but gold wacho
go visit this Queen
Ganda ng Who Are You
(The Return of the Kings)
Currently trending on Korea Trends now~ As expected, it's EXO Tempo
Yay I will tomorrow going on a date
Done watching Mad dog!! Yay one of the best crime kdrama i watched Woo Do-hwan and Yoo Ji-tae are such a good
The way he talked with his appa on the phone would never changed kind son
Existe !!! Amo tu
Went downstairs for came back up saw this and died the way she looks at him literally also home
Bad!!!! Ass!!!!
Un sabio dijo? Valoren,...
Best Romantic Hindi Love Song 2018 Octorber Top 25 Heart Touching Songs 2018 October Indian Song: via
aff como eu amo
Monday Morning and still high on I assume the luckiest fan who attended the I
Hermosa y muy tierna foto, Fiore.
painting and the bible. two of my favorite things in one
yo nate you forgot to follow me
painting and the bible. two of my favorite things in one
habang wala pang prof...
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA ETO PA RIN THE BEST
painting and the bible. two of my favorite things in one
Happy 24th wedding anniversary, mami and dadi!
Much love and appreciation dawg
Sister
Thank you!!
And by help, I mean RTs on my content!
Te amo
(XB1X/18+)[TellTale] The Walking Dead: Final Season Episode 2
okay, we got some Kal finally, I'm down with that!! Protect Maggie Kal AND yourself
falso, falsinho
RT on behalf of everyone at Golf House, congrats on your wedding today
LV Wallets
See photos for details and size reference
Payment upon delivery
Te amo papi
your sooo welcome
i ship you with me and calum, also your song would be wwylm
Completely agree!! Thank you sooooo much! Adore tonsly!!
I Believe! above all, watch with glittering eyes the whole world around you because the greatest secrets
Awesome.. THANK YOU
Baby gives me the kind of love been missing. I even realize I was missing it until I started getting it.
& for all the fighters.
Beautiful!
I wait to get my hands on a Beekle doll for my daughter. We Dan books!
Bet ko to
Be my wife?
sarahi, you're the definition of a baddie.
Feel better
I this for his chutzpah! Thank you for the supremely difficult &
miss my red hair a lil bit
One of my fav. worship songs
Morning babe and I love you more
My grandfather been so excited that the redskins won
glad to have spent the whole day with you
so lucky to be loved by the most beautiful girl in the world
Imma staydwn w shawty, imma always try to b around
De nada
Trio
(@Owen22111 )
Two of my favorite things
When said you have to let go and let I felt that in my soul
Esas mujeres...
Why are you smiling senpai?
Senpai, is so cute today!
I did a terrible thing...
Time for
My Heart get cold at night
When the right person comes along, you just know.
My heart
had so much fun this weekend visiting the city of love
starters
If you want to start a starter!
SO GORGEOUS
la vida, ratico a ratico!
Be all sure that your lives would be saved as long as i can
Thank you so much. YOU TOO. so sweet
Buenas noches... My
I KNOW YOU COWGIRLS WILL BE CRYING THE WHOLE WAG HOME
Yessss It's a beautiful thing!
Love me Thieves products and so cost effective
wait to be reunited with Trader
Love my class last years dance was fun
Bless you sis!
Go watch my friend tonight, playing with it should be a fun stream.
three cuties for sure!
Changkyun is too cute
Thank you
a different type of feeling when you are giving your kids everything they deserve when they can come
trying to travel the world with the love of my life
I SHIP YOU WITH MICHAEL!!! and ur song would be youngblood
you are my heart
***STITCH BRAIDS ***
Stylist:
Product: Edge Effects
Order Online: (LINK IN BIO)
thank you for always motivating me my love
Hope all the tears have been replaced by smiles & huge laughs when thinking of them.
The caption so sweet im-
Bye bye flor
Sebastian met Vegeda today at comic con. He was so excited . the only person I know who would be equally excited
+2
crying
Stooooop, going to beat your ass! Plus I love him very much
Also on another note, miss you!
Stop looking for reasons to be unhappy Focus on the things you do have, and the reasons you should be happy. Have a blessed day!
Ahh thank you for the comment!!
My little mini me.
happy birthday
Le dije a mi mujer...
Nope miss you also buddy
My momma passed almost 10 years ago. But she righteous still live through me. My twin as hell
Thanks Dave! Xoxo
.#CouplesWeekend
Hope you feel better soon, Em!
Columbus is home though.
One year with my love
Who tf are these animals. fucking beautiful
You are welcome
Happy birthday my precious leader
Thank you
lucked out with my man fr so blessed
True Love is when our mothers serve a meal not enough for everyone, claiming her share is in kitchen. Then she sleeps hungry
Imagine her face, So sweet! You make my day.
sissy2abuse: jennibaby69: Endlessly cumming So jealous
Genji highlights.......Enjoy
I am very thankful for those in my life who care
take a good rest boys
Thanks!
No me tardo uwu
Hank you so much M!
Ig is a scary place. old friend from nursing school got married.. I the button cuz.. you know being
I love youu
wait for our trip! been needing this.
had such a great birthday with my bffs
love to help out next year
Te amo
Thank you
Sorte mesmo te ter
My new fave pic of and so I decided to draw
I vintage trailers.
nobody cares what a racist has to say anyways. trash, and great
The last one
ughhh my heart .. such a good song
Good luck, gurl!
Snapchat - BlushSnaps
Reminds me of you & how kind and accepting you are to ALL of our students
...Will always be one of my favs! Thanks for everything!
AMO
Valentine
This year you're mine ramsaycock!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
I'm the luckiest person in the world!!!
Elizabethtown
This makes me more than sad. This hurts my heart
Tampang cape dr yg nemenin semalem hehehe makasi yaa
Right! I really all of them and how they fight for their
hysterical!! it!
bay birthday tomorrow
Love my friends
Quiero ser...
I hope you have a chill day too
Los amo mucho
Eu amo
Nothing like seeing those you love happy!
Awww how precious
Me and my new friend Kylie!!!! So amazing!! coolkeon wandakochphotography
Teething process of Okin Martinez
Taking good care of his teeth too
Got a sweet surprise when I woke up today Hearts will always stay the same
Million Reasons proved her versatility. i love her so much.
I LOVE YOU
Quick shout out to the best mom ever for always coming in clutch and making the best tailgate food. Love you much
Thank you and sweet dreams to you also, dearest friend
Diamond
completed
absolutely divine, thanks so much for sharing!!!
Nobody you know my forever
Perfectly gorgeous
ahsxdjfhd gracias
Thinking about it, she actually did live life!!
"What a magical September with you 2,700km roadtrip, celebrating our first home and saying YES to marrying you,
Thanks to Adib
Feliz Ma infinitas gracias!
Oversharing
It's okay! I don't think an extra week would hurt thank you though
Like | Retweet | Comment
FollowUs for more Bible Updates
mad funny lmfaoooo it looked better on me sorry
Out with daddy today
Male ya anda bien muerta, la amo
Colorado is the best state
Continuo me achando feia kskskskskks to tentando ser bonita igual tu
Beautiful
Afgashkl my heart can't take so much cuteness
& for more Videos!
Flying with a golden eagle
Like | Retweet | Comment
FollowUs for more Bible Updates
Oye we r equally lucky so hisab barabar
Love you too
always a well spent weekend when spent with my parents.
idk if you noticed my tweets last night. but god bless you
Ainda sobre ontem
you want to conquer the anxiety of life, live in the moment, live in the
Thanks baby
friend this is us
He owns my whole heart
CHAMA A POR QUE O ROBOU MEU
selfish af!
Yesterday was your day! Happy Birthday May you have much sucess in your life. We love your job!
" we could be free, we could be free"
Last night was probably the best little hour I had and forget
Self respect
Happy Monday
retweet brotha
just so in love with you
Thinking of your family Mick... hang in there
you, too, Mariame. So happy I got to see you & that the three of us got to celebrate together.
Faded, faded. I love you so much
To know me is to
Love and very few that know me and a lot that know OF me sleepwell
good morning
Look at you!!! Your op came out great!!
Finally catching up on
Ima always have a spot in my heart for Jerry but my mom told me if u love something let it go and if it
your layout is scrumptious
I stream your songs every day
My faith in you is at an all time high
Love u loads and loads she'd be so proud of u
I pray you have a safe delivery
is everything Nordstrom Ridgedale
Ugh had a great birthday love all my friends!
Your music is a Huge Blessing Sir. God bless you Sir
I love you
We were meant to be together
22 anos e assistindo baby looney tunes
Miche micheladaaas... Estupendo!
Absolutely thankful for you & everything you do for me I love you so much my love
ME TIENE TAN ENAMORADA
All his songs
From some of my favourite encounters
They deserve all the awards
Last year of HOCO as a student wait to rock it as an alum next year Ball State University
Adoro esta tatuagem
I need ft.
Yesterday there was a bunch of them glad you are ok
best day ever
Finally binge watching Love Is
Otarea
Today has been something else bro. Lord, just protect us all & let us have patience and peace
Baby, can you upgrade me from this MCM to a big LV?
my mom made us cakes too when I was a child.
Raising another future completely entranced
Day 21: Anode n Lug
Since we were 11 years old bro
Things may change
family over everything always
happiest birthday to one of the most amazing leaders i've come across
My jam a song for Technology by JL
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABYYY GYAL, hopefully see u out sometime soon
It was so good seeing you again!
Good times at the Filmmaker Meet and Greet/Music Video Film Festival. I these awesome, funny friends of mine.
Thank you!
Hi. Hope doing well. Always here if you need me, beautiful
:)
HyungKyun!
.
.
.
Sky & JT , literally have my heart . They are seriously my favorite
And on my darkest days they are my light. TD Garden
Good morning people
Romeo concert
QUEDO MDS, MUITO LINDO MEU NENE, TE AMO
let me have my sugar , sugar love them to pieces
Hey guys ! Catch me performing live on the Nov 2nd at the Apollo convention center in support of
the perfect evening for sipping a cup of my favorite
Going way up in the world king!!!
filho da dinda
I got people say they need me n I got em
Can we restart the weekend? Dallas, Texas
i'm so sorry for you loss, my thoughts and prayers are with you and your family
Feliz de ser tu
Gracias Fer
Hobo Johnson & The LoveMakers - 2018 NPR Tiny Desk Contest (Peach Scone) via
Haha!
The are in my heart, forever and for always
Can't describe how much i love A Design For Life!
I'm
Girllllll if you only knew life is great tho! And beautiful!!
Mon petit
so freaking precious Chantelle
i been this happy in so long
My submission of a wholesome watercolor of the Decharts in spooky festive attire
You can stop checking up on us but we stop checking up on you
Meu
Mario party. Captain Morgan. My wrestling fam. My heart is full.
Hazle ese favor al mundo
when your girl likes your comment
Another Masterpiece can't wait! hahaha!!
SON TODO LO QUE ESTA BIEN
Park Daewon
17 semanas
But also Bc been my absolute bestfriend since I started this account , and
Happy birthday vip. Have fun!
GoodMorning
Confession; I have the best in the world. One day I will actually get to marry my best friend!
+2 na sua timeline
My bestie came in clutch
And oh u gonna love me
U better sing Petunia!!!!!!
Save the date!
eu amo essa mulher
Do you underwear, boxers, briefs? So follow us/Siga:
.
Brand/Marca:
.
Siga estes
Don't nobody go through more shit then a person with a good heart
Baby
check out this poem penned by a high schooler named Dylan. So spot on!!!
God this song is ruining me honestly what an episode! What and ending
thank you, Beth.
so sorry Gab he was lucky to have you on his team today
just sending a little love your way! chin up and take a deep breath! i hope the sun/moon shines for you
Friends...Help me please!
Suggestions for contractors....
I need my basement finished at my new house
Take me back to Florida ... I left my love there
YAYYYYYY Its so beautiful, my heart is do full
I out this in my ao3 comment as well... but today is
impressed throughout this campaign. bowled me over tonight.
FLORIDA... bring it home.
Watching Black Panther with this little panther beside me.
Un mes esta linda y hermosa experiencia
LOS DEMASIADO AHHHHHH.
Aedyn please go. I care about you please stay.
only one person ever been there for me.
new kicks
Morning, have an amazing monday.
Yes! has a tweet with the details
both fine
Such an adorable family
Love when I go to a bar I been to in a while and immediately connect to the WiFi
So grateful for my family
All my skinny bitches n big forehead hoes i love
Not responding to hate
that song though makes me feel all the feels
Con q inet? Con q netflix? -.- yo mas amor
got my vote Good luck Governor Gillum You showed class, tenacity, and stayed on message bravo! Bravissimo
Valentine
This year you're mine miyetoile!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
happy birthday, my pretty girl.
Hehe
Goodluck for final exam dearself
Awe I love you too
Linda
Oh my heart
I know it hurt sometimes but you'll get over it
happy birthday beautiful
Bella ur an inspiration, keep bein u doll!! u!!
I will never hesitate if I know that what doing is to make you happy , cuz trust me you deserve the world
Thank you, God bless!
Os melhores
watching the Fighting Temptations w/ Marlon
Aww, take it the wrong way
ready! wait!
I love this.
With you, I am home
Lots of love for you Maci you're an amazing momma x
Just watched it tonight bc we noticed you in it! my new favorite actress
Ohh I think I arrived late! Will there be a next Q & A with Grace soon?
Your admirer from Spain
I love you too Mamshie
Thank you
yas my cousin is bad af love you
For my next concert i wanna go with my babe that always wish me good luck and i miss her so much
Minhas meninas
under Your grace,
Your mercy amazes me.
under Your wings,
Your shadow covers me.
Your promise of love,
where my heart is safely undone.
thank you!!! haven't talk to you for a long time. hopefully you're doing alright
I love you happy Halloween Tay
Awwwwwwwwww!
Nossos meninos merecem!
eu amo tb
Mantul mbaknya
i ship u with myself and luke hemmings , your song would be ghost of you
never been more dedicated or determined than I am right now in my life
LOVE THAT FOR YOU !!
Gaps can help cure the Monday blues
At the end of the day. just an ordinary person who dreams big
My birthday is November 15th!!!
Doe sangue e salve vidas.
Thank you miss you more!
Good Morning Wuv Take good care always!!
DAY
Retweet this if you love Good Morning!!
Happy Anniversary, my love!
Compassionate conservative here
Babygirl I love you. Relax. Breathe in. see you this weekend
Thankful for these sweet friends!
snm bro hit me up
it is your alien given right
Thanks baby
Love you Sully
Olinda
Love you too
so grateful for my family
Thank you
Buenas noches
Gratitude
famous Rick Grimes And his little princess
minha diabinha
God bless you, too!
Thanks sweetie Rest well Love you Bye
welcome!
Cnt believe you RTed my tweet! I love you Momma Pinnock! The number 1 fan percent!
Hey guys! live! Come say hi!
Mi vida
getting my car soon be there when u need me
slept for a solid 12 hours thankful
truly beautiful, ugh I love you
everyone except my baby
Get well soon! You'll be okay. Fighting!
b-day party
Billy putting hami back in
Love him. He will always be my baby!!!
Haha
Mi calabaza is the best
I love it!!
Babyyy
CANT WAIT TO HEAR THESE
will summer be added to Spotify?
God bless
Morning prince
love her boots too!
They make a great team just like we do..
day 2 yesterday my happiness in four pictures~
Mutley and Cameo really like each other.
couldnt ask for anything better
I this song so much
You deserve it baby girl
My favorite boy got three sweaters today! Someone is spoiled grand-dog
Can't wait...
Paparazzi $5 Jewelry
SHARE this live to be enter into a drawing for FREE piece, INVITE friends to watch
you!!!!!!!
A melhor
1st month
Her ears are amazing
Chatos RS
Cheers mate much love
cutie baeby
a wonderful analogy.
Tudo Acontece em Elizabethtown
Share Gif: no doubt girl
ABORTERA Y A FAVOR DE LA DE MUJER POBRE DE
MUAK TQM
Happy Birthday Kaycee Caitlin Rice!!! (fan here) I wish you have a great day. Stay cool, cute and weird, I
India y alma
Sleeping Beauty with his prince
Back atcha, my friend
flying home to my happy place
I Stay Getting Cut Off But Leaving The Past The Past
so cute! lol
Soothing to the ears and mind
GOOD MORNING
BBQ cook off was great n all. But we ended the night way better
Aweee wait to see you in a few days
Steadfast love
Thank you, Justin! It is a surreal and wonderful feeling!
2 young girls da alegria passando pra desejar boa sorte
One Year Ago
happy for you oo. .
Just take my heart and go Min
Lol I get what you mean. But still a blessing
forever indebted to for giving me her extra Britney upgrade A real Queen just like her idol
awesome... thank you!!
i could just sit in the car an listen to slow jams all night
Muchas gracias
FOLLOW FIRST, IFB
Looking Daman cuteee
it
I'M LOVING THE
La quiero mucho
Almost time to never saying bye again
Happy birthday
Awee well I love every moment of it, especially with sweet kiddos like Anna & involved parents! Thank you so much again!!
if you're depressed or some shit and feel like you have no one to talk to just please dm me
"The General? To me, she's royalty."
saw this on an app today.. thought it was funny and i should share
Jetsons Meet the Flintstones
I really know you or your situation, but this makes me happy. Everyone deserves their mom congratulations
Grateful for and
Haley this picture is gold. thank you bby & yasss link up soon pls
Good for you, Chris. Keep at it. struggled as well.
DARTH RC
BY ME (
FOR:
MADE ON MOBILE
Rt and Fav to apreciated!
at a listen
tots about kate de austria? besprend material sakay sa lahat ng trip mo, sobrang supportive, love na love ko
RED
FB / RT
WATCH OUT!! This Lash Lift is on FIRE!! Amazing how it makes her gorgeous eyes POP! Love this
turning 24 this week. This year had a massive turn around midway and more to come
Manusinha
I was just about to tweet this! Bijaya is so nice and good to provide a way for everyone to be right
THANK YOU SO MUCH
They put the wood up with Carl and Judiths hand prints as a monument oh my heart!
Only when we reimagine the school day, will job-embedded learning really be possible. I the creative ways
Muchas graciaaas
You know it was a good hoco when you got no pics cause you forgot all about your phone for half the weekend
Tap rlly remind me of Jay .. my bro frfr .
just bought it thank you
Had to bring this back . I need my tribe
Por fin otra victoria
Porade vaade manishi. Jeevitham tho poraadu one of the most intense yet simple motivation ever
my boyfriend pointed out that my skin is looking better. Libra cleanse is doing what it came to do
I love you Marley
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Nothing could ever compare to this love
Please! almost finished with this then I can get out of here.
This.
nice of you to have my love on stage I Love You
Oh got something in my eye...
Shoutout to for also filming birthday weekend
Gracias hermosaaa
fine. Order it! Ate lunch.
Anjinho desse
Cartazes de filmes
Your Smile What Make Me Strive For It All.
ACAPELLA?!?!?!!?
U know I love my acapella
()
Old one Favourite
Awe! Happy 15
Pelo vira com meu amor
If you need a person you can always talk to me
Perfect family.
Watch a video of PAC and started crying..... he was such a beautiful soul
A GFX of StyleSparkles101 and me!
happy birthday beautiful
I liked a video Fortnite Moments that make you wanna care for and cherish your homies
Likewise ate jam miss
so great seeing you lastnight!
Sim miga, Emilly ganhou
Sometimes you need to focus on yourself a little bit so you can help people as much as you want to.
The hate you give is definitely a must see..
She literally makes me so happy!
So proud of my child
State of Grace
omg another one bites the dust is playing on the radio... i miss u too kira
Me and my new friend Kylie!!!! So amazing!! coolkeon wandakochphotography
After 45 days I was finally reunited with my BFF. I love you D
In case you missed it! I'm Live! come check it out and chat with me!
i like everything abt him uWUUwu thank u for organising this ga!!:)
I'm in love with my Daryl badass coming back, you're the best
It's a very, very...SQUISHY world (47 Photos)
Since its your birthday, sgeeee ikaw na mas bagay nitooo na mga hairstyle
HAPPY BIRTHDAYYY TITA
Willoughby Drive,
Sweet Lucy...what a good girl
TEAM WORK MAKES
THE DREAM WORK!
We are
THE DREAM TEAM!
Thanks to knopp_amber working with me yesterday
Te
See you in the cinema ARMYs!
And He starts it off with the first track off of
and
My minimee
AyeshaLoise
(pic credit: )
nice tan line, i love too kid
thank you Art. i love you too!
Love you
Both of you adorable. Carpe diem
So thankful for amazing device support from both online and in store.
i love you
aahh i'll keep an eye out *O*
yeah it can be hard figuring out which site is the best and works the best for you
G!!
Prosperity Mindfulness
in love meet Gilley, our neeesr edition
I KNOW. MY HEART
Today turned out to be a lovely day! Sneak peak of this couple's photo shoot!
I miss you you will be in my heart forever Eva!!
time well spent
Thank you for the advance birthday treat Amaya View CDO
Sarah Amy Donald Chase
Looks really good! And you used whole potatoes and not like cut up ones
Reunited
And forget the food
EU POSSO OUVIR ESSA IMAGEM
'my brother group' LOUDER MY DEAR. WINKON is still winning...
The book is even better
My little girl's hands. I'm obsessed with hands. I always look at people's hands. They always have a story
I appreciate Mookie so much the loml fr
That's it. That's the word. Whimsical
ily mama , you're doing a great job
I will vote in honor of your dear husband.
I love you too sweet.
It's been a month of us dealing with other flaws and I am so thankful I can do it with you. Let's live it up.
Amazing worker you are! I wanna disappointment your dad, and keep ya out late. Gotta listen to his Curfews.
Literally in loooooooooooove
Of course! what we are all here for. all definitely family more than friends
Outback vida
Like if active
Yo
Chile hizo un milagro, twitteaste! Jaja
Awn q fofa kkkk
always , you deserve it
Que
Hapi Birthdaaaaayyyy! mwehehehe enjoy your daaaay Ate J!
Thank you guys for all of the love. Definitely makes me feel better
Enjoy twilight
South Georgiaaaa
If I Got You about yesterday
thank God for this another fun and memorable
live! Come hang out!
Dinner party plans? Ask for planning necessities. We it when you share your Rivulet
I love you too boo
Cala boquinha amor
You like this? Follow:
Adms me seguem
Oh my God, EXO is finally back I can not wait for his return and the best of all is that Lay
I. Love. This.
Thanks. My boyfriend has been a huge support in all of it but it is still very difficult. Plus
grandma cooked stew beef rice & macaroni plus i got food from that babyshower ohh god im finna SMASH when i get in the house
not quite sure what I did to deserve but I complaining
yee so happy
merece muito
Deve ser pq vc pft rss
Go behind the scenes with the gorgeous Mercedes Terrell (Video)
Can she tell him?
Family Night Ava loving boss baby
TE AMOO MEU AMORZAO OBGG POR TUDOO
Nothing like your parents' blessings and support.
My kids so icy
it will come at the right time sayang
Happy birthday pretty girl!! miss you
Yiiieee excited na ako para sa inyooooo. Congrats na!
beyond proud of already, love you
I had one amazing ass Sunday
doesn't sound silly. I love that you've found a hobby that you love besides singing. we're all very proud of you
Such a soulful voice
Thanks for retweeting again Chris
I love you I wait to start our lives and have a beautiful baby
Gillum is a winner... get out and VOTE Floridians !
Damn straight! Fuck em. Anytime B
Thankyouuu poooo!
elite
We love you too!!
Have a good one sa crush ko. Take care
Soooo muchhh loveee.
Good vibes for this week only.
me, and talking about harry and then playing teenage mutant ninja turtles
This moment was caught on video for you to enjoy!
+2 da fac
Good vibes being sent your way (this gif makes no sense but it always makes me happy so I figured
Yeah you think ignoring she has all kinds of people trying to do the same thing
Te amo hermana,
thank you my favorite Gemini!
appreciate that family
never loved anyone more
we had a funday
.... he is our bad boy ... we want to keep him forever
Happy birthday Still missing you, space mom
Just a little Missus having a nap
Amen! You should be
Do Twitter pra vida
Wow you really are the prettiest girl I be ever seen lucky to have you by my side.
I love this!
Todd and the Grim Reaper, 3/4!
ESA SONRISA MI VIDA QUE HERMOSO ES SABER Y SENTIR QUE PODEMOS HACERTE
beyond proud of you already, love you
We love how caring you are! Thank you
Please install that in my cubicle at work ASAP. Especially since it is flu season.
the spooky basket has been received spooky season is the best season!
Sorry for your loss Sully, in our thoughts and prayers
Gracias
I They are ambassadors for fun, health and happiness.
Boyfriends family is so great. I watched his niece and ran some errons for his sister. And just got a thank you text. Saying we you
Long overdue shorty
Good day with my bffs so blessed to have them in my life
Never will I hesitate knowing that for your happiness , cuz trust me you deserve the world
Valentine
This year you're mine amfallll!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Aww-spoiler alert
Congrats!
Te amoooo
Happy birthday our Hanbin
Thank you so much.
This is amazing
yes you should mila fun. we could watch disney movies all night and dance to paradinha
Yes, oh yes
Pra fechar a noite nada melhor
not to love about a penguin!
ily
I been talking to God for so long & if you look at my life. I guess talking back
Miss U
For The Love Of Country... Thank you Pres
My mother
vcc
Assalamualaikum and good morning! Have a good day everyone!
Let's do our best for today!
hey babe check your dms
Cause nothing could ever, ever replace you. Nothing can make me feel like you do
I love that
my one of my favorite ever
187M we're almost at 200M keep tapping
Thank you! And you are very welcome.
Big Miri
Coffee Bean
Travis Scott
QUER GANHAR MUITOS SEGUIDORES???
ME SIGA
FAV ESSE TWEET
RT ESSE TWEET
SIGA TODOS QUE FAV/RT
I guess I forgive you... I love you too
GRACIAS
S U N D A Y
F U N D A Y
Richonne are the sweetest couple in the world
so proud of you
It's A Perfect Fit!!!~
and RT
Happy Birthday Bade Bhai I love and respect you a lot I wish May Allah Bless You With All The
Nick and Taylor met Nick and (Joe) Taylor we luv u
Sempre, sona
My Anna
A1~
~ sharing the teaching & learning & being okay with failure now more than ever
Barong fam
- [22/10/2018]
Happy birthday hope you have an amazing day love u xx
Yep! be 2 on Day
happy new year sweetheart
Netflix y chocolatines porque Andres no perdona .
catch you up tomorrow
Estas gigante
This is so awesome! hope you have a great time there!
Happy birthday brother
God bless you so much
Poor baby Sarah is very sick. Guessing smthng neurological or a congenital condition
You represents everything I want to be and so grateful for this! Thank you
will forever be the homie
We love you too
Doe sangue e salve vidas.
Loud and proud in Go
Julieta,
Rebeca
Steve Winwood
Hope you come back soon
Proud to be one. Thank You Jesus!
I love you
crying this is so cute!!! My whole heart
Happy birthday
Love you more!
+
Rewatching my disneyland tour videos.
All pass the sweet message to my hubs. Thank you
thanks for always delivering the amazing music vibes
Tudo maravilhoso
he deserves all thsoe subscribers soon it'll be 20M
Sub for sub?
Sometimes life is really great and things do get better. I hope everyone has a great weekend
Thank you so very much!!!
So cool! thanks for doing this
Ugh love you more than life so happy you were able to come for the weekend
Do you plan on having a tour in the future? I need to meet you Rem! Love you
Aweee I miss you too
i love hearing about what my friends see their futures being like, getting to know them better makes me happy :))
Awwww loves
NO WEENIES ALLOWED AJKSKWKE also can i have that meme please ily
so thankful for the people God has put in my life. are blessings
when the ship meets the port
Happy 21st Abbey! You can officially buy drinks at Universal, no more trading wrist bands lol! Best wishes
Family Look Mother And Daughter Matching Sweatshirts
25.72$ Only
Tag a friend who would love this!
FREE
My bestie called, made my night
thanks for pushing me around walmart in the cart for an hour and buying me incense and halloween coffee mugs
If only this were true But people and words like this that keep me going
EEEEE ILY
Soaring from Shinoda
this is so beautiful, god bless
In about an hour I get to see my boy on the big screen.
Good morning
Brentwood Spartans Volleyball Family 2018-19
I live for sarcasm
I love my baby, so so sweet to me thought everyone was trash till I met you
Me: should I trim my beard?
Friend: do whatever your heart wants
Me: well like 10 people already said yes and
New pic
Hugs to all the rich & powerful ppl, who put profits before people. May you heal, so it will help heal us all.
"The General? To me, she's royalty."
Happy Birthday Carrie. Gonna go listen to Leia's theme, just for you.
Gorgeous in every way & seem cool
What an amazing two days
If I need nothing
Another 2 missed tackles in back to back plays for Burfict
Wow! That ending had me in tears! Awesome episode!
Congrats! I love this little show so much!
let me love you and I will love you you learn to love yourself, i know your trouble, be afraid, girl let me help
+
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Bailee!
100% yes I'm glad there's more people who see it!!! Red is hobi's color!
21- Justin Timberlake
T amo bye
My babie Family dinner awww y'all look super cute!!
Que hermoso
great knowing who your true friends are
This little boy makes my heart so happy
Vc bf
love you so much! And I hope you're feeling better. I look up to u so much and I
The big has my .
i love you!
"All athletes in the gr10 are exempted in my exam *tle* "
SHET SARAP SA EARS MA'AM maygani kbalo mu sabot si
Open your heart & mind
Ooo I like that alliteration!
THANKS B
Thank you!
Michonne! Rick wants some loven girrrrl
Nmrl eu amo whisky
Paso 2:
20.10.18
heyyy sis! i love you!
so glad God put in my life
Ariana looks amazing single & successful but let's talk about Alexa she's so stunning!
DM me. I wanna be there for you. im here- believe me ik how it feels
Hi today is my birthday so I hope this can be shown on tv. I love the walking dead and I love the show. Thank you!
My lovessss
Goodmorning monday!
Happy birthday love
keeping you both in my thoughts i hope everything will be alright!
Besides food items, I brought these earrings back from Budapest. Handmade - brass, painted enamel &
A lovely and classic scent, Rose. I personally have it in my bathroom because it smells so pretty
This weekend was the best
slay it
No matter what. Still and always loving you.
A moment of prayer with the grade 3/4 football team and cheerleaders after the game today
Look at the sky. Someone is looking at it and thinking of you
i perfect and sorry
judas: [actually betrays jesus like a boss] sanhendrin loyalty time
Ok really need this scene
Such a great group of girls
I just had the best conversation with my dad and gonna help me in advanced
'you gone get it if you wait' that's what my mama say
Your average carving pumpkins w my more than average pumpkin
Blessed to call you mine
i follow you on twitter and I just want to say Jazakallah khair for your tweets may Allah swt bless youits such
First post on here really liked this video
can I please send you free full lace wigs!! Courtesy of my hair Collection. I love you!
Me toooo
i like you po kasi you look like a really sweet and kind person, also a great artist and supeeer ganda mo pa po!!
Cuanto amor hay en tus brazos
Graciaaas
Eu estou amando isso.
Te amo madrid
Smileee always! Cheer up! You deserve happiness
Goodmorning
Thank you po Lord
Tbm te amo!
talk of a baby is too much for me. Richonne
for tbh
Spring is my favourite season
Diamonds By JBDK
ANOTHER TD BY HUNT!!!
I keep dewaynes candle in my car from his candle light i feel like its to keep me safe drivin
That means the world. Thank you
You don't wanna miss tonight's TWBA episode!!!
Being a fangirl is the kind of relaxation that makes my mind chill and makes my heart happy
Thank
Que Hermosillo
for a tbh
Way to ball out Joe! Love you brotha
Podemos conquista o mundo
thank you pretty minkyungie
Boo at the Zoo! Our yearly tradition with Grampy. Cold but good day
.
.
best girls
I threw a gem for you today B.
I love this tweet
Thanks sexy
Can't wait for my next starbucks date
I love you so much I love your energy and all of you ! And also your relationship
ty homie
OT9 IS REAL LAY IS FINALLY BACK!!!! AHHHHH MY BOYS I LOVE YOUUUU SO MUCH
FAIR enough to say caught up in your love N.C. State Fair
Vc
Boraam ? Welcome back
esta playera venga con el modelo
Thank you, Hyti! I can't wait to see what happens next myself!
The Rec Room Toronto
Thanks for the RT love
i really love you outside of this fame shit , you do deserve the world . Please dont let
I have mine. I can't wait to receive it.
thank you for sharing
LOVEEEEE
Fattt
Aww greatly appreciated
So proud of you
New account
Follow
can she come plz the more the merrier
Wow I love you guys just work hard and believe in yourself and you
Awww love you! I have a clothes shopping addiction! Kids clothes are just the cutest and
Thanks for another great game, Gigi!
ikr its soothing
Which person in your family do you look most like? My father
Damn who
Advert for
Support is appreciated
I can only smile when I'm with you.
Happy Birthday, Whiskey!!!
Same love another TURN UPPP
The Darkest Minds
The welcome message in the sand
thank you for trusting us!! Dm me for more details
Good morning
Yea, u are undoubtably too cute!!
I will be out tomorrow. No piano, restroom one at a time, and see you on Tuesday.
from with
...
I Bogota!
God is life
AHHHHHH :'U NO ESTOY LISTA
Happy Monday, mga Kapamilya!
who finna win that secret message dike naw playing but fr who ever
Wish there was more men like you Kevin
Man I love these Chiefs
Goodmorning, Sis
Take care
our little town needs a break. in times like this, all you can do is pray. the power of prayer is real.
My people
baby bull
I can't wait either it needs to hurry baby
hiii mgaa ateeee
my iz so happy
Happy Birthday
D-1
come to your wedding
you can do it ate
Aweeeee I just love them
love
SIMMMM
.
You grow up too fast >.< !
Happy 19th birthday !
.
Belajar yg rajin,
Seng niat kuliah e!
.
-October
Stan talent, stan B.A.P
Awwwww seriouslah. You make me cry
loml
can't wait to see you babyyy
Good morning baby boy.
This day will forever go down in the books for my senior year.
kik warrior! ur the mom of our gc but ur hilarious and beautiful point blank! im glad we're mutuals
Change? I guess change is good for any of us
That cuddle weather is approaching
Meow-ni-cure
BOOK ONLINE 24/7 APPTS GOING FAST LINK IN BIO FOR BOTH
Thank you
Sunday was perfect
thank you so much
Of course!!! :) I would have rambled on and on about you if I hadn't run out of characters!!! Lol. Thank you :)
doing Gucci wbu?
Happy babe, I love you. You are amazing!
THANKEST THOU - For the heads up
On This Day My Queen Was Born, I Got To Enjoy Two Great Birthdays With You La Mama
I'm sorry twitter has been so stressful! Just letting you know we appreciate what you do
I love w tttttt ffdfdddd I wanna love
Honored to meet so I could finally tell her in person how much I love and admire her! We are both
Dear love of my life (Graham) ehh I still want my surgeries get Twisted I be the most beautiful queen
Thank you very much!! That means the world to me
Same place they do in San Francisco
thank you sm hon i really appreciate it love you
doing work sooo prettyyyy
I got palutena
Jisung x Sungwoon
Our leader hyping up Sungwoon who was singing at the concert
We'll always be okay.
meu
Te amo
I wait to meet someone who treats me both and good and as shit as you treat me
wait until my baby gets here to complete the puzzle
Bye guys
it went fine! hope you guys got home easily enough
181008 LiuWen x Erdos Launching today in China
I miss Tom :(
met last night
i chubby babies yo
girl you so pRETTY
i followed you (its a private acc so check your followers) and thank you
Happy Sunday from Make sure of ever in the Detroit visit
LIVE on issaaa magdaaa
Gracias viejii
Want to wish a speedy recovery get well man your team has your back always
We are all blessed to have each other!
Morning have you eaten?
Moon, I made this for you!
I love you!
Mucha suerte!
Love this president
Drew's
coming to pick me up even though he works tomorrow just so he knows home safe
wait for my baby to get out of work I miss his face
Now I can proudly say just speaking some facts the best
At the end of the day, you'll still go back to your home.
Little boobs matter
Sensates
( FERNANFLOO Y BERSGAMER ) CUANDO EL RETO ASQUEROSO DE ROCKET LEAGUE BersGamer
Yo masss
Hinata (Dai), Naruto (yo).
Who love October and pumpkin carving?? never to old and something fun my wife and I do yearly.
Wishing you a speedy recovery Mohammed!
thank God for these amazing teachers who are strong when we
Gooodmorning!!
video game lover we should with each other
X2 7w7
Cardinal Nation stands with you, Tyler.
Excited to see show tonight. Thanks for coming back to Edmonton
I then fell in love wit New York
Gentle hugs my friend
Geoffrey Charles and Morwenna finally reuniting
I got palutena funny how she was literally the first character I picked when I got smash 4
Nick and Vicky gotta put me in my glow though when I get there. I miss them
thats love
Same here! so damn sexy . Gorgeous picture
You are amazing and I look forward to seeing what do next
love this enough!
Sheet mask time, while I still read webtoons!
Congrats huehue so proud love you
BTS
lista que nunca
Go ahead and like for one
Yourself
They will be
Sending getalong wishes your way, my furriend!!
heart of mine
Obrigada, anjinho
I just watched Indian Dream Hotel! Such a great series. So nice to see genuine opinions & characters over 50!
Love u
your room looks amazing. good night and good dreams
Ahhh my precious ky love and miss you so much
malibu nights
in every silver lining a touch of... Brent? music
not one thing in my life that is perfect, but somehow, everything is.
Thanks thambi boi
Just sending you lots and lots of love you're an amazing writer, you're really inspiring, keep going
my lizquen heart
You never understand life until it grows inside of you
Mine are probably the best
Last night I literally punched Frankie in the face & he woke me up with coffee this morning.. friendship
My first Winter in England!! So excited
Best Ninong eveeeeeeeer!!!
having a ninong na walay asawa ug anak is the best HAHAHAHAH lol jke.
mind me... just hiding in my sea of
Oh my god
EU TE AMO
I retweet plenty of insight
amazing job tonight
New tradish with my man????
Much love
Sunday from my ride or die
Sometimes you gotta remember how much you are worth babygirl and let shit go. Certain ppl will never change and are toxic too your heart.
Hello All I am your newest Mary Kay Beauty Consultant. I have been calling my life after this second bout with
Brody's costume!
so right, we love you so much.
Eso creo!
from this to this transformation
Love you incredible wolves please STOP help protect and guard these magnificent creatures there land anyway
Just watched The Darkest Minds, and omg I need a sequel. The movie was actually that good
Senior Skin Therapist Christie performing under eye skin tightening treatment using our Plasmedic Fibroblast
They r not worth ur time n efforts
Honest yall I'm fucking excited for the movie
Love you.
nontoxic account
Got so into watching I stopped tweeting.
Such a great episode! And ended with Asteroid Rosaparks.
Valentine
This year you're mine wnttlizz!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Honored to meet so I could finally tell her in person how much I love and admire her! We are both
You know its 4eva good with us
You brought tears to my eyes tonight with
Already making a Christmas shopping list I love buying Christmas presents for my people!
SKY!!!!
My goodness
Amazing episode
We were just looking at our refrigerator and decided, we really like our life.
La
The much needed superhero we all deserve!! Nia squad
Some things jst be told, you live them or you
sorry that I as active this weekend. There have been TOO MANY personal issues I had to deal with. I hope you guys understand.
| | E o nosso motivo pra amar o Lee Know ele usando chocker.
Lee Know com chocker
i knew my current friends were gonna get salty the best gab!
I miss you come see real and me soon
Lol u guys r very entertaining, keep up the good work
To much love
Homie!?
Must run in the family. I told Shane to stop calling me this week!
you birthday girl!
Eu muito apaixonado scr
Grande profe
Watching the dove awards on tbn and country were amazing!
happy birthday so glad i got to see ya last weekend!! hope you have been havin a great day,
son sus fondos?
Comenten ARMY
The bond we have is like no other I will always have your back
Talking about relationships with my dad today
!!! thank you fren
Domingo con amigas en
I love you and am so glad to see you!
/whew!
Being back home is so wonderful.
So true! Never found a good analogy for it before.
Everything in this planet
Wow Alexandra is beautiful hilltop has nothing on them
Thank you Jeff!!!
Great day with our amazing Funny Boners Bellevue Berry & Pumpkin Ranch
RTs are appreciated, every RT has the potential to reach new readers
Kenny rooting for you
LO AMO TANTO
FOR TBH
Ah mas que bonitinho
We are home owners!! Moving furniture in all weekend and picturing my future here with the loml was so surreal
Vc merece tmj!
You got this. Lean on folks if you need to, you never have to do scary shit alone. I hope shit gets better soon
Yall look at Lexi.
To pelo McDonald's
It's so nice to know that sb understands me thank you bby for your words, they really comfort me. Thank u
Literally only have 1 person on my mind 24/7 and my unborn
had the best day with you I miss you so much mama, thank you for an amazing day together See you
Market Cap: $208,749,274,162
BTC Dominance: 53.72%
BTC: $6469.33844383
ETH: 0.03168268 BTC
XRP:
I feel this so fucking deep.
Hi I just wanna tell you all that I get a big on Friday AND I AM SOOOO EXCITED!!!!!!!!!!!!
we will always be positive for you baby!
Thanks brotha wait to see you again
Amazing, powerful, emotional episode hit all three marks!
Homestore sudah buka , order online dan COD cuss WA 089601482082.
Senin cerah bismillah
natalia_oreiro_world with get_repost
natalia_oreiro_world
This is such an awesome thread to read
Mommyyyyy.
I made my first edit from studio vs live with Babylon by That concert was definitely one for the books
Minha mina posto foto
Happy Birthday Kyla!
Rss
my cousins
Te amo
01.20 10.21
Thanks sis
Food and Nagoya with my yuki
Sign for me when you get to class tomorrow thanks
Spoiled mama with 3 new jackets just because
Ohhhh my yesssss I would in a heartbeat but my entire family is allergic but me. So I have to
Congrats be
This weekend was a perfect mixture of ratchet fun and productiveness.
OMG may i send my thanks with a pic of my hot ass?
Sending good thoughts to you, your granddad, and your family Those are never easy choices to make.
Yeah, always done that! He sleeps on his side some too, in which case Oliver still loafs up on him.
Sorry about your dad. I just got out of Mass and said a prayer. Hang in there.
Follow everyone who Likes this
miss you Chester
freaking awesome! Smart as a whip and kick-ass!
No te voy a superar BARILOCHE
I'AM BSTARZ bastiansteel
Pode contar cmg smp amor
I this post
Thanks
Finally found someone that mimics my personality as a whole.
I complain blue sky finally after some average weather....
Sydney
Awww Rick and Michone!!!
Some of my friends call me "karaks" is'nt so cute? haha Even my professors. haha Iloveyou guys!
I liked a video Fortnite Moments that make you wanna care for and cherish your homies
I had no time so I will eat one tomorrow. Thank you, you sweet angel
Leave me alone happy
It be like that sometimes for the love and support babe
Thank ypu love
for a tbh tbh
Gracias cosito.
so BAD!!
Nueva Ecija
What an honour for our Heelers!
I mean the eye brows alone........
Wishin woes the best of luck on the champs tour
Miss you and love you too
AAAA, OBRIGADA,
gente
you are an amazing friend ily
Amikos, estas son perras ganas NO MAMADAS!!!!!
thank you!!
always fun to go to Minnesota and visit family! We loved seeing Archer and Pippa!
te amo mt obg
+ =
&
These Richonne moments are amazing and unfair that Rick is leaving!
& with fans via instagram
Dices cosas bien bonitas a veces bebesa
Lee Soojin's Profile
Ifb
Que
ok we cleaned it before my dad saw miss u already
Amei essas fotos!
Jungkook Utt master Forever
Happy birthday my beautiful .
Keeping her in my thoughts and prayers I hope everything gets better with her and you!
One time this guy twerked in that black truck and busted the window but paid for it thankfully
Natti Natasha - Quien Sabe [Official Video]
Goodmorning!!!
I Hyperion!
No importa bebe:)
Disfruta mucho del show
Thank you so much!! miss you more!!
desse
Thank you to all who have lifted me up in prayer! I am belssed to have a Christian community here on twitter. May the Lord bless you all!
I Our Great President 1% Biden
sorry for your loss.
Tem que ver isso amg
i fucking love you
Me too. Hear beautiful this time of year. Looking forward to it
I cant wait to see your face on Halloween
Dulces
Fue nochon
Its a promise
been snuggling all day & my heart is full
gets hands-on in cooking.
I'm so proud of you...
"Marunong ng magluto si Gil"
First dance
My little brother is the light of my life.
Cas
All day , even on Wednesday
so far in
me tem.
My beautiful wife getting into photography
My heart yours
goodnight
Mv
Thank u sweetie, I am really thankful for your words. They really mean a lot ilysm
Kento momota in action Final mens single vs chou tien chen
.
.
Keep support momota
This weekend reminded me why friends with my friend lol. We all crazy and I enjoyed every minute of it
We love you too, Emily! We hope you and your roommates are feeling better.
Nobody understands my love for seafood but my momma
God answers prayers
this is the meaning of love
happy birthday Moe!
Follow everyone who Likes this
at Chais Casa
Celebrate the victories, big and small. Celebrate yourself
So thankful for my mom
I love my cat so much
The only time less is more (50 Photos)
The journey is always more fun shared with friends
Good Morning
Every cavs loss this season is a W
I love going out with my girls
Meta de relacionamento: AePete!
Loving this weather
Awwnn good times Miss you Brook hope you have a great senior season
super sweet!
You're literally my favourite. I love your sense of humour and wanna get drinks with you
No one understands how excited I am for this shooow
Have messaged you ...
Mi
expecting you to take me to winter wonderland when I come to yours proper excited
you have few followers?
RT and I recommend you
LIKE and i follow you
Only if you follow me
Oh, this hit me right in the feels.
Obrigado
Chillin watching Kansas City Chiefs with my boy
Years
Hello, Do you know how quick I follow back you?
Why I do that?
Because I respect my beloved
candy apples r the way 2 my N.C. State Fair
Love aire so much
Parceria forte bb
Your so fantastic thanks honey BEAUTIFUL TO THE MAX!
From tonight's episode
edit: queen_melissab_88
Everyone has rights just like everyone. Deal with it.
who do you think stole the Ruby ???
princesas
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Kiana!
"I enjoy both myself but slow and gentle I love if I'm close with the person"
TOTALLY loved
Thanks for a great one!
Congratulations
Thanks!
||: Since I am in the mood:
for a GIF starter
For DM Plotting
Meu Amor Todinho
Melhor de mim!
a lover not a fighter, but fight for some love
O dia foi bom...
i swear i love gabbs and Ronnie
not a savage dog, nor permit a loose
Talmud
For You, Jesus.
My heart
Aleiah, Kalyssia, & Alaina I u girls more than life & I pray everyday for u & ur mom especially the older
Volunteering at the 2018 African World Festival's Children's Book Fair. Advocating for early literacy
Good morning!
To this day still one of my favourite songs!!! You guys are the best!!!
Yes yes yes!!@pusastudios check these guys out. They help the YouTube community so much. Amazing couple
Thanks for the retweet!
Celebrating my birthday IHim!
ksks por isso vai ficar com muitas marcas
BOY I CANT WAIT
Feliz Mi Amor
Much needed visit with my best friend today I love you so much
As long as they are happy.
Soon as their clothes dry, dinner & bedtime for them
We Joy Division
it
Happy birthday to my super best bro~!! wish you all the best~!! luv ya' & u know it then
Last day of final exams!!! God bless us!!
AaaaaaaH can't wait!
ctto
beautiful
Amo a mi Kohane
just hope everything goes well for Alphonse tomorrow
Katerina Michelle Delilah needs a brother
familia unida!
we had a fun weekend
- All girl massage brunettes on blonde girls th
Dj Khaled DO NOT Playyyyyy About His Son. My Gawd He Is Obsessed
Love it!
Single
Southern United women game
1st half goal line over 2.5,3.goals
odds 1.800
Hit
I our House Program! It allows Ss to
& Social Skills at our weekly meetings.
others
Says the LOVER of the Gilded Ages
Your Orange Robber Barron
All it will cost you is your American
I liked a video BTS WORK HARD PRAY HARD Thank u For 3 Juta View
Seriously I trip out on the shit done hahaha. I love you!
Good Girls
Domingold
U fall in love with him just like that, every season & every episode He keeps gettin better
I love my little brother soo much..
thaay_angeliim
lauane.rebeca
cinthia_nunesmoreira
Ah the all conquering power of LOVE
NEW ITEM
Trish Top
freesize: small to large
Fabric: CottonSpandex
(Pls provide 2nd option)
Brayson my oldest Grandson
- heyyy cutiee i miss our class together never see u anymore but love u keep your head up
Morning not so nice yet I am still grateful, Lord. Thank you for the gift of life.
im so late but ily
I Sang This Today At The Top Of My Lungs!
I and Miss My Beautiful Baby So Much I want to reunite with her very soon!!!
Vintage Graphics HomeGrown Junk
awwww, cutie naman nung icon
Duas princesas
Angel hair pasta with herbs, boneless pork chop and peas
Aw this is too sweet! the little moments we love you so much
Oh my bleeding heart
goodmorning, psalms!! have a great day and a week ahead. i love you always.
Ahhh....a precious baby
Yessss cousin
Through the looking-glass
Love how emotional Kev gets
Argue like a marriage couple but we both know we leave eachother alone
been on repeat since it came out
And she's love of my life
Mickey Milkovich: my cute Prince charming
Kevin Gates & yg In heavy rotation.
thanks for the retweet!
complete in Newport News Virginia ed. Have a great week and be safe out there
Olha quem fala
21/Oct/2018
at New Aye Yar Hotel Nay Pyi Taw
Pad Thai and Tom yom soup
That define our friendship
Yesssir wait to see this colab.
Post con depression has sunk in. Praying I can come back in March. Thanks for SO many wonderful memories.
2 anos do nego Bruno
Thank you for this
Mother , mom , mam , mama ,mum , only one withe different words
Such a great visit!! wait for the next
Photo by All enquiries, please see email in bio, no DMs please. . retweet + Tag a furiend to brighten their
even tho we ugly on these pics imma still post em love you lots toot
Show my snap some love , add me
See u again City of Baguio
The most inspirational thing I've seen all month
Matheus Nn Acorda Por Nada
Is it crazy to be scared of getting exactly what you wanted?
Old is gold!
happy birthday my lover
You can do it!
Most handsome in the world
Saranghae and good luck
And they have a beautiful personality. Which is what really matters.
Never forget
I LOVE YOU
stream breathin
Lovely news.
Hearty congratulations and lots of heartfelt wishes to both of you. Have a blessed journey together.
i miss you, this weekend was genuinely great
Halloween coming up I might do some nice for my friend
God bless her
So powerful
Aggre with this momma! It was nice to meet a lot of fans at the concert and it feels great
Reveluvs is our source happiness.
[Self] Princess Leia, in honor of Carrie's birthday
Thanks Meier!!
this!
And ooh you gonna love me, you gonna wanna hug me, and squea-eeeaaze me
I love you sweet girl
I added acorns to decorate her area to make it look cozy. It smells like warm cinnamon perfect for fall my
OMG !!!!! Los amo tantoooo DAD and MOM
Not a successful hunt but lots of Smiles
Happy GiGi
Happy for you
If breaks all the records then he wont be able to listen to music anymore.. out ya'll,my
Also known as a patriot!
Thank you so much, Dan! Appreciate it, especially someone who has commentated so many games like oh have!
you know I wanna leave you but only 2 hours away
Damn bro chill I never told you what to do or not do . Chill out, not that serious
Current music: Last Call Acoustic (Summer Demos 2018) by on
Happy birthday my love. See you soon.
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Bailee!
be back soon
AH IM CRYING YOU RESPONDEDDD btw your new tattoo rings true
The graduation is for you
my favorite song by Luther Vandross
So calm, she looks like such a sweet soul.
Juntei minha galera
Nahhhh a isso
Some time I feel like know one gets me, but I thank God every day for his love and presence
Thanks for coming, Restoration Stage Theatre
Yesss Queen
Miss you too
thank you sist in law love u toooo mwaa imy
Always goes above and beyond to help me get the shot - even if it means he has to be in a photo.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Love tea
omg DDFF thank u oomf i Love this mutual
This is a good way to wake up Good morning to my one and only daddy asdfghjkl The one who
love, love, LOVE !!
I miss this dork
is underrated, love her music
Generaciones
Happy day late birthday to my favorite person in the whole world. I love u with every bone in my body, my mana
Gorgeous
Forever Forever Forever
Imma NEED him to get back to this sound and release Soul Movement 3 because radio is
Runner up tweet for
Oof
Honestly know what I did to deserve Dane
Hobba high fun-day photo sample
Wait for us
Best night ever
Ella simplemente es hermosa
Esos Ojos
me and bae
Omg is this true!?! Please be true!!!
Not a couple but a team
Your a bright light for all around you
Que bonito es lo bonito ah
Meu + velho
Sht! Thanks sa info
WHOA. What size is that tank?! They have a whole kingdom to play in! You're gonna love watching them build nests in that
Primito hermoso
Te amo muito amor
I love you more
Jen, you are a beautiful human being, inside and out.
I believe already been a whole year... rip Aaron
They say life is just a game
And I thank God that winning.
I love you babyyyyy!
Engaged with the one
night in family en Dominican Republic
thank you tho
This week is red ribbon week! Wear red tomorrow in honor of it.
I can't really wait
Play of the year.
Monday morning
Recent Snap
We do too!
love you too
Link puta? SIM
so sorry for your loss may your uncle finally Rest In Peace ... prayers out to your family
My birthday dinner Much appreciated!
LIKE = Fortnite Account
be follow:
-
-
-
-
Prl
Family >>>
happy birthday, dearest kim hanbin
what my nights consists of
This small thread is actually amazing
Cignal Switchfest 2018
Maravilhosa ela
The strongest of agreement to all of this
melhor amiga!
This Mama Bear of a transgender son thanks you from the bottom of my heart.
Awww hermosas
And invited to our house for Thanksgiving!
some days you know... lmao
I love my M&G pic she looks so pretty and she was so nice I love you
Quase igual
you're welcome
life lesson talks w will always have me feeling better
Love these Cat Eye sunglasses. These are a golden pink shade, but they have other colors available.
i hope you are feeling better now, i want you to be sad, love. i adore you so much,
my Daddy looking super fly at church today
Although I am not a John Cena fan, but this word gives me positive energy
welcome Seesterrr I you and Bebe
Ducky so cute
Dallas was filled with beautiful and amazing people
You know the real me
successfully bugged and loved on Tj all weekend Now to successfully get this week over w
I believe in true love as well.
Good morning
Thanks and you're welcome!
Judith is so cute with her lil cowboy boots!!
Sometimes I feel like no one gets me or I just done have anyone, but I thank God for his love
Rip
And I wish a speedy recovery to those injured
I am with you always
Happy Birthday to the most hardworking leader in the world whose smile is very contagious and uplifting! ILYSM
Proud of my brother
i love u more thnks for everything u do
So cute this kookie
Valentine
This year you're mine MedicineMalfoy!
And you, whom will be yours?
Um amor chamado: gordice
Boa noite!
RT My heart
Watch this little girl try so hard to get Alexa to play her
Awww. He blocked me too.
for a tbh (:
Kaw yown! Loka haha
My new favorite place.
Watching to make me feel better after losing my dog today :( Garrett is a blessing on this world
My loves
I liked a video Emotional 1st Time with My Son!
Ok, that episode (especially the ending) made me a bit emotional. I'm new to this show, but I've loved every episode so far!
Thanks for your support firstbrodc Restoration Stage Theatre
One of my fav songs
So I plan to be back on Tuesday and am honestly refreshed and ready to be back
Funny, it's my 8 year
Filmless Hiring Freelance Voice Over Artists
Our first festival together to our most recent festival together
wait to celebrate with you next weekend my love
A BAILAR LLEGO A LOS 45M
QUE ORGULLO.
Labyu too
I hope okay and I still wish that find someone that loves you more than i do.
Judith with Rick & Michonne all this foreshadowing with Rick and his family.. it's just going to go bad
Pls RT and then follow everybody who like this tweet
join us!!!
Goodnight everyone
Recent Snap
Love u Anna
It is
Love this!!!
is now live
Goodmorning kuys
Love it! Thanks for sharing
Eu acho cada foto
wait to squeeze ya in baggage claim sis
This is it. The best tweet.
Im hella excited for baby Lani but I also wait until I can see these beauties on tour
Blessings to you
Congrats baby!
Love you baby boy, your corner will forever be my favorite part of the house
been very happy and very blessed lately.. but sitting here missing my family and home a lot. I wait to go home.
Estamos felices
Gracias Vane
avi & one more
2014
Prosperity
Yay, so Sunday it is.
I can think why, it can seem very passionate and loving if it's nice and slow And it's always best
A night of pumpkin carving tired the kids out.
this idea!
Positivity
Torcedor fiel
I love daddy my heart
overcome this obstacle too. Pray about it cousin
and RT
bad :( i hope everything be okay bby girl
Love you Gabby thank you!!!
Comidita rica
I wait for you to meet him so much more than I ever imagined, love him Dom
going to come to pass
3 girls pee in public
self growth feels so good. seeing yourself grown physically and mentally is everything.
pretty sure I found the cutest pumpkin in the patch...
Yes nag review si caryll hihi thank you
NEW ITEM
BASEBALL SHIRT
freesize: small to large
(Pls provide 2nd option)
Despite the minor setback, my weekend was so good
Hi, take care there. Be strong mentally n physically Its sad to see u in pain.. go to jibril once u
Razer blade (2017)
Only $150
DM TO PURCHASE
USA SHIPPING ONLY
DM TO PURCHASE
meet my Great Dane named Daisy
gorgeous. That is all
I'm in love with the girl next door.
Colton Jones sings grenade in car via just love this
always entertaining tho, my idol
I love your positive spin on everything! I also love the wonder and awe that children see in the little things
Pasame los dos please
Good morning gorgeous girl, enjoy the week ahead
Seawall
I SCREAMED when I saw this video was up in my notifications Loved it!
Just Skyped my parents, 15 minutes of chat mixed with tons of but got a cyber dose of love
try - jimin i love this song thank you!
cuma
AAAAAAAAAAAHHHH I LOVE YOU
Domingouu com a dona
lost a bitt
33 degree freemasonry SUBLIME PRINCE OF THE ROYAL SECRET square represents Compass
Tag a friend who needs this today.
FOLLOW
Good morning
Jayden Perez spreading Awareness on Anti-Bullying. He designed a shirt at Kidbox to The Bullying He
still a text/call away
Minha bafuda
I know this is late but it was a great night so
lena luthor taking karas hand and protecting her from danger
my BAEBY BOI
be back for on Tuesday. Always excited to be back! Much love grizzlies
Hi Cory! so nice to meet you and I hope you have a great day too!!
My Family is everything !
You two match!
hehe fine! thank you
Good shit
oh, my heart
Love. The ots so different and magical i could watch good witch for years and years to come never gets boring
Quero dnv
.
.
.
.
Lays Kettled Cook Chips are the Key to my Heart loveeeeee loveeee lovveeeee them !!
Another and this one goes out to h_r.u.a.i.i who requested it a while back Hope you guys like it
routing for you too
roadtrip vibes
thanks so much hun
Madre
Justo en la infancia.
Jeff Hardy y Rey Mysterio
Had a great evening Brandon Ballard Rex Harrell Jr.
Wow that so beautiful
Presscon last friday for maxipeel zero!
All Access
RIH Nickels I miss you brother
I wanna come hangout next time
Rouge
I disagree, but understand. I need ya, and I'm there for you. My friend.
all get better!!
SHIPPAMOS CUCANA
My peace God is amazing
Como cada 15
Pay off my mortgage and have college funds for my girls
the caption says ..
Credit to from solidenriquegil - Pabata ng pabata ang itsura mo Quenito
100% Free Live Porn Cams
Shows by Beautiful Girls
Miami nights One more place to dream of Miami Beach, Florida
Boa noite
fil* and thank you favorite customer
My siblings just my siblings . my heart beat and I treat them as though my own .
Curtindo um pagodinho
I will not be on cam tonight guys. See you tomorrow!
luv your voice
Eddie has made my birthday so great !! so thankful for him
So sorry to see her go.
Go to So much better! Way less traffic and much better prices. We Roca!
SUBSCRIBE BRINGING CONTENT
Saidinha com o boy!
Abby knows always had love for her
Goodmorning
First of all, on the loss....second of all, for the of all things Jerry, pick up the phone and
My
My snowman painting
Freckles
any amount is appretiated dm me if you sent any amount and ill give u a shoutout + something special
Finna go out with my two fav ppl
Omg my song, just so....mhmm ya know
ThAts my heart
Aww I love my current header so much, I'll forever protect that smile
Letting me live my best life and im happy with that with him in it
Go Go Go Sugarol by Maris Racal
Love you too Sis
We of South Haven!
Happy birthday ,late !! ..
Tevin Campbell is an entire mood
What brand jacket have you worn in your last couple of videos? It looks warm without being bulky and I love the longer back
Now that about to go see my monkey my mood changed
these convos
Really I love you too Gracie
Meus amor
Jayden Perez spreading Awareness on Anti-Bullying. He designed a shirt at Kidbox to The Bullying He
Family
Thank you for the invitation, I'm already bouncing between Bourdain and The Walking Dead right now
Always on
happy Nami , 9 weeks today swipe left to see Nami smile so happy this morning
Happy 67th birthday poppy, see you in the stars.
morning! advance happy birthday!
fav comics to read? amazing spider-man, spider-man/deadpool, various x-men comics, & runaways the new iceman
Stay strong i wanna watch your videos on your new journey big respect to you for being honest
luh yew more
Crossed something off my bucket list today
He really knows how to made my morning
Thank you!!!!
This would be so beautiful
Obrigada
Me encanto tan guapo como siempre
everyone should go and follow we've been friends for awhile
like for follow
RT for follow
I love you too.
I love this!
For all my fur mommies; Lauren is depending trusting and great with animals. She comes highly recommended
Larga td e vem pff
Abby you look so happy and beautiful
thanks hailey!!
BEAUTIFUL
e certeza!
omg. actually a lil chilly outside I luv it
Entire house clean, all clothes washed and folded, baby had a nice weekend, now to relax the rest of my Sunday night
Lani and I
You deserve the same venturi
sorry things are bad for you right now and I hope things get better If you need to talk, here to listen.
Just let me know when are free and a date
Not boasting if it's FACT
Bowsette Preview!
I love him.
I will
The are a great family we watched them from the beginning, so
Good morning
"Their lives and choices are their own"
"Basta happy sila"
22- Mario Casas
Yes my Romeo Santos is handsome
You need a man Sir!
that last tweet was a lie. I was held against my will. the one I love
Birthday was Monday but yk we had to wait until the weekend to celebrate baby big 19
What!?! Where, on Twitter???
iv of spadeeees daw sheeetttt
Went out for dinner with bae and thought this was super pretty
Sigam a
Son mis amores
OMG I LOVE THIS
Eso! y Volando
WHY I LOVE MY BOYS!
honest to god, i ask for better friends much love
DM me if you ever need to talk
Que sorte em ter
Good Morning
U stole mah
thank you sis
i can't tell if ur making fun of me but absolutely i my short king
I love you so much
He is so handsome
I LOVE YOU BB
Miren esta bien cool
I love you welcome home
Thanks
brother nature forever
ya rifa esos iPhones
I want to thank you from the bottom of my for your brilliant creation. I saw it this week, the
Sweet Cody
own
Gorgeous
aw meg!!!! I miss you so much
I love to receive food bouquet than fa bouquet of flowers
Your strong and got through it struggling it sucks when ya got no one to talk to but
My Natural Hair (one year of growth) Self Portrait . Lingerie
This is so beautiful
They know providing free fetish content and ty bb!!
So glad I was able to spend the day with my best friend at for her birthday!
My brother is committing on December 17Th a really important day
Thanks you so much love
4:21AM
Thank you bothmuch love
PULL ON A KID BABY I NEED YA
Thank you!
wow thanks dad
see you when the road decides time for our paths to cross again.
NEW ITEM
JAVIERA TOP
freesize: small to large
(Pls provide 2nd option)
Limited stock lang po.
What a fun day thanks for having us Amanda at Applebarn Pumpkin Farm Ltd.
Fica c mlhr TB? Piroca forever
Happy birthday to my precious Kim Han Bin
not just them!
So sorry to hear this April. Much love to you
They are just really sincere and wonderful people.
Had the most lazy and nice weekend with Stephen, so lucky.
and yes this is my first ever tape
why i love my boys so much!
Thank you so much!
thank you for always being there mama, I love you!
sorry the lions ran all over your dolphins today. Hope life is well
Just tore at my heart strings. I'm so glad he made it. What a fighter. Great story!
You was standing by my side tim
Looking good! Love redheads
me
Your music means so much to us. It is the least we could do!
It was beautiful! Got all choked up at the end
Love you tho
Ah, obg mb
AYEE HAPPY BIRTHDAY NICKI
I love spending time with my son and creating memories ..
It was great to see you friend
Claroo, amo vc
Dios siempre ayuda, nunca abandona
I can buy you some if it would make you happy
exactly
My personal message for
how you know it was a good night
Love you
A beautiful brazilian fan do Zayn aqui
Happy birthday to you also boss
Yasmin
Minecraft Thumbnail
Para- aleatorio
Fav e RT
Taehyung ! This is my painting
Gallery
you was apart of my struggle I love you forever.
Happy birthday lovely Siku!!
It would be worth it
Me and both of my furry babies love you
People are really amazing once you get to know them. wow
Honestly having a sister as your best friend is the greatest thing in the entire world
Me and my mommy
mother of wagons
happy birthday,
I don't deserve you, honey
Love-hate relationship
Following everyone! Please follow back!
The energy
BEAUTIFUL
First time at church lord gave me a beautiful gift
The blackened salmon; 3 in our party! I enjoyed the portobello burger! Yummy and good company! Plus Matthew our waiter, rocked!
Goodnight CFS Bet No One Gon Say It Back Spams In The AM
It was a
ggxbriella
I love you my Angel
Yes sir I love LFC. we love you Liverpool....we dooo.
Awww Thank you Karin Oska sends you some of those Yorkie kisses xx
Yo ya
They r both yours? Adorable
been a long but productive day, I love spending my days with Cali
This is 100% going to happen (not today, but soon)
Strawberry Hill
kitganso
This guy's growth just doesn't stop haha
Meu dindinha fez 1
Obrigada
my roommate got on the curling team for our university and she is so smily I'm so happy for her
Oh mY BoyS Agaaaaain, I watched your livestream
LINDAAAS
Kim Jongin
If I could take away all your pain right now I would no questions asked if I could have you resting this
I love the autumn vibes
HE DIDNT EVEN WANNA GIVE THE FLOWERS AWAY HE WAS GONNA HOLD IT .. oh my heart
Our new baby, Klaus
today felt like freshman year, fall semester. good friends, good laughs, and good food
Uns boxta
Ehhhhhhhh
sim
my babbbby
Thank you so much for the video I hope you had an amazing time!!!
so sorry. I will say a prayer for you.
AYEK SWEETIE
Come on folks, without pre bookings with deposit I be going to Ballarat.
i got good grades, a good man, good family relationships. happy
YOU'RE THE SEXIER ONE
just now seeing this miss you more and more everyday
love you family
FOOD haha
Good morning!
Thank you bb!! I LOVE YOU
1 2 3 four five I love you Chiang Mai, Thailand
Rt my picture
"Mmhm exactly and the closeness is the best part. I love being holded with a gentle touch during it. ~"
Always
So excited for the holiday season!! Get into the Christmas mood with the Loddi in red link in bio
.
.
.
.
I your username
Im enjoying this
Not a blogger, but love the follow
I miss you so much
MineXD, forever in our hearts...
hey can I chat. Got some stuff I wanna talk about
The humans who trying to help care about me at all and okay.
faz um tente cantar part 2
My baby girl
Today at church as I was saying hello to one of my and I teach I went in for a high five and it turned into him holding my hand
I need Donna/ in every single moment of my
Also this
most welcome
My take on a modern
own meu amor, amo muito
My Jake Peralta
my mom texts me prayers everynight. i love that woman
Current Song: Eagles - Hotel California
I'm at House Da Taty in Rio de Janeiro
Thank you!
Eu quero sim, obgd
Me too my friend
Some days, I look at you and hard to believe ours to keep.
Melhoras pra ele Brother
Imagine NOT stanning these two ladies. I could never.
happy Birthday Bro
Short stream earlier was still amazing! wait to be back tomorrow
ummm yeah I love you with my whole heart like please have all my besitos!
And that's how we coming for bro don't speak on his name if don't know shit bout my brother
My and exactly how my future son is gonna be
Take care
Awesome job! suitably impressed
My heart is ridiculously happy
You are badass. I think I might stay a while.
Shot these today in
Deep down tho a in every
35 days til I fly to Ireland to be with my favorite person in the world
lol ready for dude to get here
A part nobody can play threw the air on cyber and if they try ? Their bullshiting you . O honesty
Np Thames
This hurts like hell but I have to do it & I hope you can understand
Tell these females to stop playing. You know you mine
Cherry Bomb (English Version) & con Marteen
AAAAAAAAAAAH NECESITO ESCUCHAR TODAS
Happy Birthday pretty! hope you had a good day !
Thank you. Just been down today.
Playlist pra dormir
2 months ago today I met my friend people, Caleb, Maddie, Christian, and Marissa. I love and miss so much
oh shit, to the team
thank you ate dyls!!
Omg your so lucky I love that guy have fun hope you get a few videos
I love you. I miss you.
Kim Minseok
Blessed to have you in my life.
I can only thank god for putting him in my life
Island adventures
LONG but GREAT weekend! Got to see my brother marry his best friend! Survived 16 hrs in a car with 2 kids!
so proud of my girlfriend
It's the best kind.
Valentine
This year you're mine bugguedes!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Lip. In a suit.
BEAUTIFUL
Stunning Loveliness
Thank you. I love your writing.
Valentine
This year you're mine tourdevessel!
And you, whom will be yours?
So proud of you Oliver!
I will miss this view
meu amor todo
It's good to be alive
I WILL NEVER FAIL AS A MOTHER THATS A PROMISE
Football game tomorrow with my boo
Happy 1st Birthday Parker Chuck E Cheese he finally caught up to Mallory
So excited for the holiday season!! Get into the Christmas mood with the Loddi in red link in bio
.
.
.
.
Love you mal thank you
He just loves his big sister!
Stay humble, stay focused, stay BLESSED! with Mommy! Hotel
1.07 M
Through the best or the worst still here for you
i forgive you lol
strong bayet, we know
| Shawn has arrived in Toronto! I hope he has a relaxing time at home
Isso tbmm
Eat what makes you happy
With me every thing the first meeting face to face was in LONDON
Power to you, sis
100% real
Had to be a Republican' probably one of trump's secret society of perverts. They everywhere. Glad you're safe
Brooklyn Bridge and Wall Street/New York Stock Exchange. I NY! Brooklyn Bridge Board Walk
Love him
NEW ITEM
Statement Twisted Top
Fabric: Cotton
freesize: up to xl
(pls provide 2nd option)
TU YO
.
.
Mayoi preciosa
App tw exception han na gee
Just won my first insta giveaway and it was for pizza
gente
Always be thankful
When I'm around you, I just feel happy for no reason
RT btsportmotogp: 10 years ago this weekend, Marco Simoncelli became the 250cc World Champion
How could you not be in love
HELLO WINTER IN FLORIDA
Siempre tan lindo
Have a good sleep and ready for the next week working
SKU: AS0007
it's still worth it
Love yah gals
all your likes and retweets mean everything to me thank you
You just made my day extra wonderful, i love you baby, you put the biggest smile on my face
Doing what I love: Modeling
The art of nature.
hearing your voice before I go to sleep is the perfect way to end my night
Tomorrow I'm going to show off all the new winter JSC merch on my Snapchat and IG stories! PS. insulation not
Meet ver, thank you very much
Vamos de ep novo de TWD
Temporada - EP 3
This slow dance.
Spending all day w your person
Cont.. IL2LU
James: JaDines, We love you!
Nadine: We love you JaDines!
We love you too JaDine!
Bestie takin the best pics
Happy britday BI
Lots of squats
WOW. Here's a true hero!
No shit, right? Gay bars are the best.
My Sunday Pencil drawing honoring the amazing
Sending you all the love
happy home!
Speaking of which I kinda wanna go back and watch Bones again that was such a great show
Bienvenido ahijado
Juan Ignacio
are you my fansite
App tw exception han na gee
Mans left the country that night. I still want that jacket.
"Another Drink" By Jose Antonio
I Act in the ShortFilm So go show Some love
Pssssst....
Current favorite song at the moment? Btw love youuuu
my boy
We got you we love you
te amo
My first gig as a vocalist. Thank, Malachi Band.
this show
loving the playlist
Babe I love you, thank you for everything done for me
Valentine
This year you're mine tourdevessel!
And you, whom will be yours?
Ta bom obg love
the 10 of
l women with scar stretch marks blue vain
I'm so lucky to have such a smart bestie. She's the best!
Baby boy! 27 weeks
Zhang Yixing
Today, we love and adore
I really truly needed this heart to heart right now
vamos
Spencer that was another great paint scheme.
The sopranos
Eu te amo.
I would love my children for who they were and what they wanted to be.
Meu casal, vou proteger sempre! UNIDOS POR PRAZOLI
Te quieroooo guapa
My Abu
Gracias mi
Opening whole week
Red
Slowly but surely. Happy to be able to walk better now.
Anytime! Bonus pics of her brother Fletcher and their friend Reilly too, since you like aussies!
Thanks
I love this man . You mean the world to me
Love them!!
s / o to God he really the greatest
Ily
Dr. Llaila Afrika
Oh really? Well, I think that is something else to remember~ I would hug you gently just now, but I want to wait too~
Dang wish i could of seen you paint that
I love being with my guy bestfriend he makes me feel so much better, I actually stopped crying today when he
I cant wait!!
sooooooo ready for homecoming this week
Mis domingos ya tienen sentido nuevamente
Iphone XR red next year waaait
Love me in the chaos
in cinemas this
bellas mujeres
been resisting subscribing to monthly succulent deliveries, so please share pictures when you get your deliveries
where would I be without ? I know and I never plan to find out- so grateful for the beautiful bond we have
This man is a work of art
Meu casal
Youngblood white hoodie and im from Australia
Thank you so much for coming and supporting the book
Good papa and good husband
goodnight babies
sleep well mono is coming really soon, so excited the countdown is on!
Happy Birthday
a nice price good luck dude
Hi! My dear
tbm te amo
ITI MALIA
Hahahahaha kaloka kayo
So happy you guys had a great time
Gracias
Stop this madness. Leave our people alone.
I LOVE you
missed yo ass
I appreciate you more baby
Proud Pit bull Parent.
Love you forever.
all day
Todo va a salir bien
Like if you fuck with redheads If you fuck with Maud suicidegirls
it's been awhile. Where you at ?
Thankful.
Thank you so much Randi congrats to you too!!! Love and miss you too! Congrats on all of your
Ain
So sorry to hear your mom does 7 years ago Praying for you.
Waste the day an spend the night
I'M SO EXCITED FOR MONO
Love you sooo much Joonie
I love this so much!
You are beloved!
Hahaha he's the real one
I added a video to a playlist Rap Mejor Amigo
working hard for nation love you thalaiva
not even. but thank you ur an angel
thank you
good morning
U notice me Juice But Your a True Legend in the making Love everything bout u vro
Metro Salvador... Mapocho
you know you have a best friend when they send you medical videos
Gatitas rebuleras
Meus amores
Why niggas just say miss you lmao they gotta be so extra
thank you for this it made my day
Aww thank you so much ily too and I hope you have a good day too
Ahhhhh essa make
Um amor chamado: prazoli UNIDOS POR PRAZOLI
no better than compliment than someone saying I met you somewhere else still love. Real recognize real
Yo tambien brooo
That's so COOL!
Kim Junmyeon
Thanks bro!
i swear ima be the perfect wife to the perfect man one day
thanks for the users
Lily Collins e Lily James Eu amo vcs
Thought about today, on her birthday. R.I.P. spice cat
Yes they are and yours are beautiful
Yes! Group outing!
Everyday should be like this
LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DO Over 700 studs but I be happier with my final look! My
I will be in 6 months
you are what i look forward to. i love you Whitt & so happy you found your peace & happiness.
Thank you so much Kay Jo love you
Amiga
from Unilad | FB Behold, the mighty ROOMBA CAT ~ double tap Shop for Cat Lovers...
Jani Tu Jitna Chessa Hai Uthne Vote Ni Le Saka
Anyway Congratulations
Thanks my brother
Nice seeing you again ate! Labyu
|| My perfection is my kiddos. (Yes my kiddos are doggos.) two outta three in my life.
this is the content i signed up for
what kind of dog is this?!
Eu te amo
You are one of the best Josuke/Okuyasu artists out there. And I hope my friend in Japan can send me your doujinshi
The person that ask for much deserves all
God talks to everyone because everyone has dreams, they just always remember them.
Back on the grind tomorrow never too late to work for your future !
NEW ITEM
Crop Top
Fabric: Cotton Spandex
freesize: up to large
(Pls provide 2nd option)
Thank you so so so much once again, Jenn!
She's such an angel!
She really kept her promise with the fans
~thank you so much for this uri Soohyangie
My thighs
Valentine
This year you're mine ColorCodedLies!
And you, whom will be yours?
Samantha hungry, please!! Is delicious . Yes, yes ; I WANT that cup with something delicious ,
CAPA OF
Happy birthday my mommy love u
wait!!!
Look at my baby. An icon.
Happy birthday
you know how much it means to me that u support me everytime. try to do a tlic mashup
meus sentimentos
And we all love you so much
I hope things get better for you hun!! I'll keep you in my thoughts off it helps ;w; stay strong
And it's fucking glorious
I literally look at my dog at random times and tell him take a bullet for him any day. Cant ever let that angel forget
Jai Rebel Star
Celebration Starts
Love u
Shawn Mendes with my insider a few minutes ago in YYZ
Yep hi I miss
love you boo
Eu n tanto carinho
Vlw Tmj
hey there fam
Sometimes, I think about this
Thank you!!
your love for art makes me admire you even more! love you
A very good cause
Today is an important day because 9 years ago on this date I became friends with
I ever worry cause I think your worthy
Kim Jongdae
This white woman embraces Hillary as strong and resilient
To be young and in love in New York City
this icon of figure skating
Sometimes all you need is a couple hours with the boyfriend to cheer you up after a tough week
Valentine
This year you're mine nextkitten!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
I know I passed
I love you extremely very much
To Ms. Shatha:
Thank you for being superwomen, I'll make you proud one Day. And I'll wait you to be my advisor on Master or PhD degree.
Heath ledger
5 days and 3 hospitals later, Bella is finally home and doing much better.
Awesome Trump is coming to Charlotte this Friday... Guaranteed to be slammed full as well I love this great
Shawn Mendes with my insider a few minutes ago in YYZ
Spending a great day with Hemi (our pup) and my son...oh and had to take a pic with Betty Boop! Gotta love her
Listening to Wings
blame God for not showering you with gifts. He gives you the gift of a new day with every single morning.
Goodmorning all
My fav scene
sir writing
Played the role of annoying college student this weekend at Keeneland with the girls
Thankyou. Godbless u too!!
25 albums (first box)
25 albums (second box)
50 albums (third box)
Current: 75 albums (fourth box)
All
Listen to 04- Ziad Rahbani - DA CAPO relatively calm 1984 by Luca Adel on
Lizbeth is a part of me . Where ever I go always witt me
Insomnia is my best friend call him my best bud from now on
Cunha
front beach lunch with the family
Would love to actually win this one. Met my boyfriend on this game and one day soon we will be married.
Congratulations love
Looking forward to
Sin palabras, siempre Sandstorm,
Yes, I love you too Rudy
made this for my homie for freaky deaky wait for Saturday
My favorite playlist is "Happy Drake" and I have all the songs that make me happy written by you
Birthday shoutout to I hope your day was as beautiful as you are!
Thnx love
I honestly got butterflies
Meu brownie passando na sua TL
watching i absolutely love he is just so genuine
love love love waking up with flowers delivered for me thank you gugubear
love you too
For my sister Jessica. Today would have been her birthday. Big hugs and lots of love sent her way today
Good morning everyone! If last night wasn't good for you, I hope today will start of great
Jordan is my favorite cousin
God Bless you and your family, sir.
the exact lift from Funny Face. Saw it live, before my very eyes in 2012.
Awwwh
You are so adorable.
I love that show. They really take care of all kinds of cute rescue dogs
the cutest.
Forgivensss is key to living a continuous happy life
added and sharing with my friends
My Big Baby Love You Sissy We Big Lit Coming Soon
welcome home rest up!!@ShawnMendes
Hello baby girl! Best way to start the week welcome to the big babes family Amirah Stevie... congrats mama
Dad in Chief Obama is letting people know he's over the excuses
President Obama Doesn't Have Time For These 7
Do you still love llamas? (: , btw, you inspire me to be a bad bi**h and not give 2 shits about the haters , I love you
I love you babe happy one year I promise a lot more to come!
Ayie lumandi pa.
Love the way you pay attention
Thank you for your encouraging comments. I nearly broke when I saw the headline today.
There's no need to remember now.
Yieeee thank you te!!
That kiss on the forehead made all the difference.
TE REE AMO NAMJOON!
In your arms feels like home
Oh! wonderful! Please know that!! I love what doing!!
YASSSSS OMGGGGG I'M SO EXCITED. I CAN'T WAIT!! WE ARE READYYYYYYYYY! MY KINGGGGGG
friends
em Cadesc
Marsha P Johnson kept a brick in her purse. FYI
Thanks anyways babes
Waking up with you by my side
Good morning
Yo Finally! Yes! Congrats guys!
glad to have you in my life and call you mine
EXCITED
Love my parents
33 degree freemasonry SUBLIME PRINCE OF THE ROYAL SECRET square represents Compass
Ahh I wait to find out who you are!!
Follow TheRealTarzan on IG yall. Hes wholesome, unproblematic and adorable
glad back sis. I hope that youre ok. Been praying for you.
Life is simple.
Live
Inhale
Focus
Enjoy
Love my people
Down by the ocean of Kona, Hawaii Waikoloa, Hawaii
Byun Baekhyun
Dream
yes I know of her
happy birthday
yo viendo el intro
my babies
have done it without the best support team I could ask for
The company of being there is where life's greatest moments reside.
Iam sorry that happened am here for you always te amo!
I'm glad that you're take proper rest and behaving like a good boy
So, take care of yourself
Hope you had a great day today Ily and God bless you
listen to MSM- Houston s &
Your tummy is the best
LOL thanks boo!
i love you too boo
So sweet and supportive! the way it should be.
Wow hope me too
Good luck to me
Thanks, Juan!
Family
Coco will be forever my favorite movie
I love this baby boy and his mama so much oh and Shaley
I havent seen this movie in forever and i can still cite it like i did in theaters
I like to have this duo menu from your new oven please
The end of our day
Ty drew
redd
you should do a JSC MICHIGAN JUMPER!!
All thanks to God for keeping me and my friends safe during homecoming!
The family first
heeeee!!
In my merch bby
Oo naman. I am happily in a relatinship with my best friend in 3 years And i am excited to watch this movie
Priceless!! GOOD FOR THE SON and the coward runis the way COWARD LIBERALS ARE
So glad we were all together to celebrate the Halls!
Diego Ribas
WATCH OUT!! This Lash Lift is on FIRE!! Amazing how it makes her gorgeous eyes POP! Love this
you & will this, Mega Millions is up to 1.6 Billion $ & my 1st thing I'm going
Glory to God in the highest!!!
youre such a good dom sir
Hitagii hermosa y perfecta
miss you and love you
I think you mean ILY*
Props to this
YOU DESERVE IT BAYBEE
I absolutely loved this video!
I have feelings for Pat Mahomes
*fist pumps into the sky* YYYEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS I LOVE how you wrote them in this fic and I will love seeing them together
Thank you for working with them dorks
Te amo tbm
tammybobammy: applique? coaster? gift tag? ornament? So many possibilities! Christmas vintage...
Tmb te amo amor
Beautiful and True. Keep your head up ladies. The right one is out there
I love you. Remember. always love you
Merle
Saeng-il chukha-hamnida Hanbiniie
KIM HANBIN
Welcome back to twitter ya amar
I voting for Ron DeSantis!! He has the right leadership qualities and can represent and
Love you
lmao I know, so excited for our next trip now but thank you so much
Se for, te amo muito tbm
Me aburro y llego a este punto
What a great way to end the day!
I said a prayer for your upcoming surgery. I hope all goes well.
Is there any way I can get a follow back?
Thank you
Top 5 music (not in order):
- Shallow (duh)
- never love again
- Look what i found (FAV)
- always
420 Games | Smoke INVADER NUGS KICKED MY ASS LMAO
The Preparatory at 2018
Group Category - 1st Place
Thank you all for your support
A joy in a bowl : Island Breeze Bowl from
.
Brings you joy both on weekend and weekdays
You look so happy kayzo. You love your work and that's everything!!
The company of being there is where life's greatest moments reside.
You guys are the cutest
Thank you
Te amo, siempreeee
Shi
Thankyou G!!!
Beautiful Oeshiki Ceremony at Myosetsuji temple today really glad that I met this Buddhism. Flushing, New York
Thank you so much, my dear friend.
Hi Beautiful Take A 15% OFF On Your Firts Order Pomo Code (WELCOME) Shop
[ J a r i k o - C h a n]
/
Thank you boo
Goooood Morning Everyoneeee
Let me love you a little more before not little anymore
Days like these make me miss you more than I can explain. see you one day
Goodluck mga bebe
Good Streams This Weekend I Feel The Grow Happening Thanks For All The Love Everyone Back To Live 6:30 this
Love , a baby , and a house
Manda saludos a fans
Teach our Children about God. PROVERBS 22:6, they are the next generation.
itI MALIA AAAAAAA
sorry but look at those boobs
I ever worry cause I think your worthy
Always got u
i am so happy! i love good witch with all my heart
Beautiful Jamaica
SuicideGirls
- Ivory is heating up the front page of SuicideGirls today See her Set Of
NEW ITEM
JULIA TOP
freesize: small to large
(Pls provide 2nd option)
Limited stock lang po.
No matter what happens , I always love you
Monthly Study this topic was so good. We all left with a different perspective about feeling overlooked! Join
Thanks:)
we love
Good on you you hit the nail on the head every time
WOW WE LOVE US A BEAUTIFUL QUEEN NEXT TO A LOVELY KING
Chivettes bored at work (30 Photos)
I'm so excited and so proud of you
+3 De Agora
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Bailee!
CHEER UP PEOPLE'S!
"Wanna Gain More Followers"???
Like Retweet IFB
Novo Trabalho Feito
By
For
Team
PEDIDOS ON Chame DM
Happy Birthday Hanbiiiinnn!!!
Thank you honey
admin grew up (& went to school)near Cape Cod, Massachusetts.
This photo of un blanco nomming on a
and RT
I know!! Same! But see you in NY soon!
seriously so happy for Kimi
I LOVE THIS SO FREAKING MUCH
Mastermind of the Paranormal. My best investigator. Awesomeness. I adore and love him!
Thank you Ate Cheves!!! Amping ate!
fell in love once & never be the same
HOLA DISFRUTA Y TOMATE MUCHAS FOTOOOOS JSJSS PERO SOBRETODO DISFRUTA Y CONOCE
Awww, thank you. *proud mom* Wonderful meeting you as well. Enjoyed your panel & I gotta find that HAUNTED
Eu tbm te amo
Miss University of 2019, 2018, 2017, 2008!
Jai Rebel Star
Celebration Starts
Love u
Snapchat: Sophiexoxo866
Goodnight
I wait to be living in a cute little apartment cooking my family dinner
welcome!
She knows where to go.
Ela linda
Melhor coisa pra curar a ressaca
I didn't know that. Sending
eu te amo
Good morning Machi
Jammies, brunch, jammies. Perfect sixth anniversary celebration.
My pleasure
Princess of Eternal Freedom dats cute uwu
Very excited for this
say much, but when you shine, you
liked/loved by so many people. Whoever makes you feel less than that remove them. you Pearly.
Thank you I really appreciate that, it truly does help. Knowing there are people who get it &
dei amorzinho
I and Miss Her So Much I want to see and reunite with her very soon!!!
Blackpink
miss out on new posts on my main account follow me at itskpax itskpax itskpax
I love my my headbanging friends
Im voting for Ron DeSantis!! He has the right leadership qualities and can represent and
Please I want a selfie today
Ugh gross. Sending love
TE AMOOOO
I love you Kylie Moreno wanna be engaged to anyone else!!!
Love you KAJAL
Appreciate my guy! Much love
Shop WoodsyBirdDesigns
This West TX episode of is the one been waiting for.
Umita
Happy birthday to our best leader, Hanbin!! I love you so much
If I can see it. I can achieve it. It is mines for the taking in Jesus name. Amen
Arte da
Gracias hermanito
Joy and sorrow are the light and shade of life, without light and shade no picture is clear.
Morning
something about a boxer just adorable... and Rachel knows just how to work it
Happy birthday to the one and only hope you had the best of days today
Watched/attended my first ever (pro-) football game. Thoughts? I (Sorry boys...)
Today was fun
Vem blusinha
My baby going to the pumpkin patch Saturday with his BFF more excited lmao
Esse casal
UNIDOS POR PRAZOLI
Thankyou kak atief tetibe hujan dalam class ni
Paciente con trauma. GEN, 22 T.U.M
my best friend never give up on what you want & believe in! So proud of you!
AUUUUSSSTIIIIINNNN
Wow thank you soooo much. Love you all
good morning
I shall bow down to a queen like you
.
.
.
.
happppyyyyy birthday love mocha, bubs, and I love you sm.
my homes!
And bernard is so cute.. The difference between bernard on Jaesix and bernard on Luna's vlog tho i love bernard
Must be liberals or I sure the he'll hope so. I saw it earlier and I knew you were joking. Love ya Terrence!
YAAAS
Stopp it thank you
The one like right here at 2.
insert missy, nay, and inay
RT and win TH consecutive ice dance
The fact that co-wrote the Rosa Parks episode of dw makes it even more special rosa
My new baby dragon Vegas
NEW ITEM
ANNIE TOP
freesize: small to large
(Pls provide 2nd option)
Milfy so gorgeous Lacee & you deserve the world
Ry looves to just sit in lap while he plays the game
Ela linda
You hold my heart Tonto Single Oak Farm
Walking in my shoes ..so now try to find my sleep again
Even if my dad is no longer with me Im thankful for meeting such an amazing man.
For teaching me right from
I love it congratulations lay
You have to. You got it. you
Quiere
Cantando shyne happy sons com shyne happy people
Norbert fell asleep on my boobs. Twitching y todo lo a la playa and now he dead
Thanks for the support Millie's Kids!
QUE PINCHE HERMOSA ERES
Get well soon YEONJUNG.... rest and be strong!! Cosmic Girls
Sem break is lit Thank you iWantv for uploading some of the movies of ms reg!! Yay! Movie marathon naaaaaaa!
Support her weed habits and buy her snacks
Never too late I appreciate it friend friend
thank you!
Absolutely gorgeous... stunning
Sidewalk Prophets - "Live Like That" via
This gif has my
Blessing your feed with this cute cat. Have a great day!
Geesh, 8K followers & I love all of you My goal before 2019 is 2K twitch followers & 10K twitter
Celebrated an early Birthday dinner tonight with my love! So many things to be thankful for! I'm looking
I Always Loved Tarzan But Brother Nature Still Has A Place In My Heart
I love myself please everybody
My friends are the sweetest.
WELCOME HOME LOVE too bad I make it tonight but hopefully soon? Love ya
History of Horror tonight
Happy birthday to my best friend. God knew I needed you.
Ugh my favs. Love you guys
Ahhhh
Finallyyyyyy your reaction came out and you know what it says it all
Deepika was the
los quiero mucho
I'm going to love you forever
I LOVE YOU TOO
Woww good morning handsome
Kinda is an understatement
UPDATE : we date
( not really my bestfriend )
Thanks, tit!
RT if you love
Carinha da
Take as much time as you need, i'm so sorry that happened
Que fds pft
happy she in peace with herself
Going online in an hour and a half. See you soon
Hypnotized u got me mesmerized with the thoughts of u
thank you john cena
- 'Dose' as The Champion of for this week. Congratzzz
Happy listeningggg
You're so tough. You keep trying. Keep pushing. Really happy to know you.
Thank you so much love
aw thank you so so much!!
Good Morning Monday
Eu te amo
Love you to the moon and back Christian hope you liked my letter
I luv u u are perfect
Happy birthday Mr. Kim thank youuuu for making us happy I love you so much
Me representa bem
Ahh last episode of supernatural was wow. wait for my baby to see it.
loving this season so far
I do.
Happy birthday Phyl! love & miss you so much Live it up tonight
I love Dive!!! I'm trying to resist the urge to rant about it, but I just can't help it! Great lesson today,
You ever stay up all night crying because you wish you could meet someone? Yeah.. Me too..
47th
Aiii muito obg
Meus
Do your loved ones know if you want to donate your organs? Make sure you have the conversation with your
actually have a really rough day but this made me smile so big. ily and i hope having an amazing day
So long ago start of everything
Con estas a Marte
Proud of you
Chicago event anytime soon? amazing Joey and inspire me
I legit love you sm
i said this in March & now we cheer on the same team & i watch her do it everyday !!!!! crazzzzyyyyy
Happy birthday cousin
yassssss all love
Vai
OMFG! I love this picture of you. It's now your contact pic in my phone! But I'm going to need you
BP keyring + GD peaceminusone shirt
Fds perfeito com a family
CHECK OUT THIS BEAUTIFUL WOMAN SHE HAS THE DOPEST SOUL YOU WILL EVER GET A CHANCE TO MEET.
with mylovesss
I'm going to love you forever
Te amo mi sol
Well then you call me and do cute couple things lol
FULL HOUSE LAMIN DARANKA FOREVER GRATEFUL
A beautiful..
Monday morning ..
Rising ..
Alright I'll wait until I'm over 25k to satisfy yall stingy asses
You'll soon learn I'm very persistent
i am happy because i can see and meet my love
Happiest Birthday
my baby has her first fall festival on Friday
So tell her.. ps please send her a song too WE love that
Please share this for my friends over at They really need your support and good vibes sent their way
Sam apologized.
It feels so good outside
what a morning BMTH
Uchiha bem
Moms is looking like whole Vibe on her Birthday love you mommy
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
COSA BONITA, COSA BIEN HECHA, COSA TAN LINDA
TE AMO
That's my boy... *internally cries*
AHAHAHA WC PO
KYUT NYONG TANDEM NI
S/o everybody that said happy birthday
may be 1-6 but we still beat me to every Minnesota fan I saw after the game yesterday Lincoln,
Me and sis really need to link . I miss her goofy ass
You will never be too much for someone who get enough of you
Loosing half of it it not the best hahaha
day 15, i love you
house
I mean volleyball
"It's all about love!"
ALBUM OF THE CENTURY IS COMING
Marry me
Pero other than that super saya. In 5 days of stay ang dami kong reflections.
Thankyou Lord for making me strong.
Come and set a fire..
Fill me with the spirit that I contain and control..
I want more of you...
Blessing your timeline
Mi gordita es hermosa
Tori
Nada boa sorte!!
The new song was the perfect end to a bad day.
I can feel vibes & I know when genuine
v lucky as well
Awwww
Usted don shinkai es un artista
Thank you for saying this.
bonita se ve la
Que lindo verlos juntos
Ganda mo tetsybells
Ingat camsss i miss you take care always okay
KKKKKKKKK
Chocolate Peanut Butter FAT BOMBS!!!!
This stuff taste just like a Recess Peanut Butter Cup but with less carbs and sugars. Yum!!!!
Yo puteando en Halloween.
Same goes for you! glad he picked you
Amo infinitamente a mi
My hype man
meu moreno
see u in december, been far too long
I have a lot of thurl people in my corner. I appreciate
get a bestie who smiles the same time as you do :)
ugh Megan i love her
Friendship is definitely the foundation to a relationship!
Happy Birthday Hanbin
Hello, i'm back! c: \n.n/
Tchamoo
Lol so good, thank you!
Fashitsho
I am sure your ten years younger estimate is the right one.
This is a good tweet
in time it be as nerve wracking to be away from baby! so excited for you
the walking dead
i
Ofcourse right again just me and my money
I look bad without makeup but I LOVE YOU EDWIN
So Sorry!
Thanks cousin
Rainy sunday and all day
Be human
& for more Videos!
*breathe in*
*breathe out*
I'm ready for this week now.
& for more Videos!
Eu quero o HYYH parte 2
Thank you sissy God bless
YES
Dont worry mag EK tayo! See you soooooon! You take care and Godbless
I strive for this type of relationship one day
Wow, thank you so much!!!! Puerto Rico be loves you too
Loving Someone - The 1975
Hehe so cute! I will be recapping this season!
Against all odds (Take a look at me now) - Phil Collins
Happy Birthday HANBINNIE!!
God sees it. The person you helped felt a moment of humanity. grace.
bom
Cai
The song is so good!
I vote for vocal and visual of for
I love you more
I added a video to a playlist Izuku and Melissa - Boku no Hero Academia The Movie: Two
Couldn't of asked for a better welcoming with friends in Love y'all'
I love you
I will too.
I am so proud of you
My daughters 7th birthday party at the carolina ice palace
My heart is full, and happy to be where I am today
What a beautiful lil cumdump you deserve to be bent over and that tight lil kitty stretched out hhh i know
My long legged boi
Sade cherish the day
I love this comment
Goodmorning
Being with these people and celebrating love is pure bliss. My heart is full. Love you all!
morning phonecall w/ my love
omg ruz thank you so much, means so much to me such a sweetheart may Allah give you all the happiness love
I find some Christine & the Queens and of course by Scissors Sisters when I
Liv you will forever be my header
Oh my gosh so are you!! And thank you so sweet!
GOOD MORNING
Instead of calling him daddy during sex, tell him beautiful
I miss you too sis I hope all is well
I will always love you my princess 4/28
Blessed I found someone that understands me and genuinely cares for me.
And i love you!
comment down old songs sige na please haha
APRECIEM ESSE HINO
You can talk to me
Do you think come to our Halloween party??? I hope you can make it! I miss you!!!
I'd die to find out
thank you for everything
On that teddy vibe today. Stay cozy, folks happy Sunday!
.
.
.
Uma dupla dessa
New video...
One & Only -
Happy
LMFAOOOO hope I taught you something with that tweet water these !!
TE AMO
ME AGUARDE ... KKKK
Happy birthday to So glad to be your friend!! Love you so much! You wicked bitch
ah nem
Of course! I have so many
This blows my mind
Oh my heart
Ion Know Bro You Too Iffy For Me lol But You Still My Dawg
If you would like one done please dm me
can't wait to spend some time with my hunny tonight
It's okie I still love you
Happy Birthday to your son hope he will grow up like you, good looking (for sure) and
I'm so happy for Cheeky Monkey and I bet he is purring happily.
You are such a sweet softie!!
nothin' could change what you mean to me ngeee lain man par hahaha lablab buggg!!
I love you with all my heart
Oh my I was only 11 when I first watch this Jun and Mao will be my forever ship
Glad to see ur happy abt something causing a lot of political divisiveness and misery
> Header -
Valor 1,00
+ =
in love true
Hoje teve show
NEW
Rose Gold Envelope Love Letter Necklace!
.
The letter can be taken out .
We can custom engrave on
OMG THANK YOUUUU
I didn't know this GIF exist this is legend
Valentine
This year you're mine audreyythiry!
And you, whom will be yours?
thank you so much
yeet, birthday ni Hanbin ngayon~~
happy birthday bby i lab you
Vai planeta
By
I love you more
Always a good reminder! Be prepared and have the skills to help!
sunday
Here for you if you want to talk.
Sanibel Causeway
vai ficar tudo bem, thai
Yay! Thank you!!
Goodmorning
Awww you guys are twins
Happy Birthday, Hanbin
Svetlana is the hottest Russian this winter (30 Photos)
Sorry been slacking! New content this week.
his little legs
happy birthday honey love you so so so much!!! hope you had the best day ever
So happy for you babe
Feliz vieja!
Thank you to everyone that prayed for my grandpa his surgery was successful and I get to pick him up in a few hours
Sigam a
Fav to be in a groupchat
Certainly
I don't think you're too passionate as fans just everywhere are a bit rambunctious
Sinais ...
I have the most beautiful baby in his lil socks.
Minha boneca
Hold on dear better days are coming.
Goodmorning.
DEMASIADO CHUZA MI HERMANIX
I wait to see the day where I can live up to my cosplay potential. For now, one step at a time
*Ochaco
I'm a HAPPY uncle today! My oldest niece Caydence got baptized today! I'm super proud of you and I love you!
I cheered so loud when Gillum defined trump & his stooge DeSantis as weak, bullies. Andrew shows strength, I love it!!
I said it, I meant it.
Love it
- hey bbyyyy you cute & cool Asf we was so high that day get up w me this weekend tho
Come over one day and I will!!
Rick muito amorzinho
We See him in Bad Times at the El Royale at HOYTS
: Dawg Yk we 4L ain nun to say youn already know love ya 4L
so proud of the strides made and sure continue to improve too, so amazing
This show is so adorable & fun! Sophie is super charming!~
Hi Cody, they love the rides, nice hoodie perfect for this weather, awesome pic. TC:DB
Yes I know lol .... maybe one day you will
MUITO OBRIGADA EU MUITO FELIZ
Ya a mi comadre .
My is full of love
I have my bros on my back like the last name
Welcomed by Tio Lano's last Saturday. Def the reason why I love going home hehe
You can do it! You just gotta smash it first so flat
Sivir
Blessed to see 18
I am so proud of you
+2
You were amazing as in tonight. Beautiful performance
Black Monday
Pt. Amcor Flexibles Indonesia
hbd FINALLY 16 !!!!! you and misssssss you
from a Floridian
Thank you, ate Camiiille
Amores meu
Sobre o baile de Moscow
Watch now only on
justdizzy now streaming Fortnite, go show them some love
appreciate it so much love
Day in a mountains at Squaw Valley, Lake Tahoe
Gorgeous Sunday yesterday Next gig there Sunday, Nov 18th, 2-5pm....
Fabulous!!! Now girl power!
thank you for everything
Had a great day with him after such a long week
my: Handsome and kiyowo leader~ but no chic and sexy! Hihi. Oh-and also my perfect boyfriend
I ship
Outrageous I heap praise and NEVER get even a "like" The genius that I'm wasting
+2
Only able to do it with you
Thank you My home away from home. my work family!
Blinks EXOLs
now wtf
I liked a video RE5 Team Slayers ~ With The Lion Queen (Classico_V-I-P)
Howdy cowboy. Lol.
NYC
i miss you and love you too.
Um boa noite
I made this just for you
que saudadeee
Happy Monday.
> Header -
Valor 1,00
+ =
you can do both
Took our Save the Date photos today! Thank you for taking them for us! We appreciate it so much!
Yesssss!!! Forever
Fall is the perfect time to cozy up with you. Riehm Produce Farm, LLC.
Thanks D! Nice seeing you this weekend, HMU when youre in Stl
S/O to the dads that grew up without dads tryna be tha best dad YOU can be
I have the best friends
1 Day To Go
Treated myself to a good ramen and now alone in a big ass cinema ready to watch Venom !
ainnn
Alec was SO kind to me over the years. Love ya bud, be missed dearly
to the man genius man that i love, happy birthday to you! no words can explain how much i love you. we don't
I needed to see this
John Legend's "Angel (Interlude) ft. Stacy Barthe cover
They sis.
Click here to support I Kennedy organized by Jackie Bivins
Hana Hou
Este plan de domingo me parece bien
you really have to pee, but Mans Just Slept off on you
Happy birthday baby, I love you ..
Love you girl people like us have to stand together
QUE FINAL LINDOOOOOOOOOO
Com a banda Melim
Tu adorada. Me haces feliz !
Wow! See you on Sunday, Phixos
I Love you bro
Thanks cuzzo I appreciate it fam
Bests Also please watch the video and watch the professionalism
Behind every success that i made is them Dewan Agong Tuanku Canselor (DATC), UiTM Shah Alam
caja misteriosa!
this bub right here
I know those feelings. They are pretty fucking rough to deal with. I hope they lighten up soon for you.
so stunning
Beautiful family
UNBOTHERED diamondlena we was LIT pegasus_restaurant_atl Thank you
me completa
OMG ITS TODAYYYYYYYYYY. CANT WAIT TO SEE YAAAA!!
Itsy Bitsy Book Bits Spotlight Author
Jane Suen Author
Facebook:
I only got to see my best friend for an hour today and i cried but some time is better than no time
That is ultra cool as that's where I was born thanks so much for
My boys carving pumpkins and fighting
I love my great grandmother to pieces moe
Next time napod with you and na
Mis bellezas latinas favoritas y las que me hacen feliz al verlas
My pretty teeths I love so much you smile and laugh
She's falling in love now, losing control now
Fighting the truth, trying to hide
But I think it's alright, girl
One of the reasons why I love you so much. What a friend you are to us.
Love you too
mis pilares
Amo tanto
happy birthday sweets
MUCHAS FELICIDADEES
happy birthday Kels. i hope you had a good birthday. love you!
I swear Sky Brown is the cutest thing and she has such a big heart I LOVE HER
cor fr & the rest of my friends
ily so proud
I absolutely love this video And will ALWAYS share it. Love is an amazing thing.
Wish all very best for both of you Congratulations
I swear! NCT 127 loves surprises and guess what? I'm lovin' it as always
Brent Faiyaz - All I Want
Happy birthday kimmy. God bless.
Copy cat
Amo tanto ela
Shaun and I in our Halloween Costumes this year.
CDMX/LA/NY Mis tres favs
so sorry I will try harder
good morning
Love is free! Join the community and meet up!
Finally got mine
Adorable boy
A Star Is Born.. let me just say a must
give ur girl some love before I fight u!
Awesome pictures!! Love you all
Had so much fun at the fair with my love thanks for my new teddy bear honey
I'm waiting for it
Of course. be welcomed with open arms. No matter who they are!
have to ask the
Thank you baby
Thank you so much po!!!
Happy Birthday I love you sooo much !!
I fucks wit it, I really fucks wit it! lmao I love you so much Jess, thank you for celebrating w me!
Here if you need me
Thank you!!!!!!
o boomerang mais fofo de todos
obs: FAZ UM TT
Doug Stone
"in a different light"
Fav centerrrrr
My Lil Baby always make sure straight
good without you but fucking with you regardless
Kinalas with chicharon weather
watching sunrise with ur love is
aaa
My oldest asked me if he could give some of his friends bsides stickers... next gen cyber in the
i honestly love the little 'tattoos' (sorry idk what they're called) gujarati women wear on their faces
Today was much needed
It is absolutely adorable and so are you!
Aquele pretinho
Posted a new Instagram photo, responding to comments
T day
Born in the usa de Bruce Spring-steen es una meta joya
Cats are Life are Love
Comeback finna be real dab
I easily get touched with things that involve great music. This is so beautiful
My favorite
aqui comigo
So many kids need help. I applaud you. encourage any available classes first to be prepared if serious.
my grandmother is legit my bestfriend i love her soooooooo much
fills me with hope
forget that Red Ribbon Week!!
Via
I am watching Mr. Mercedes on your recommendation and it is horrifying and lovely and smart, so thank you. As always.
NY is Music History 101. Strawberry Fields, Central Park, New York
We made ceviche , my tia is making pozole, and my cousin made caldo de res food coma for sure
I grew up loving / and I will until I get old. I don't have a video or photo
Our motivation comes from wanting to keep this season going forever. Heart and soul, people.
be your family!
I know! same! Big Boss and Kaz co-op
I am so, so sorry for your loss. My deepest condolences to the family.
hihi. stitch
My boyfriend been real clingy today I help but laugh he love him some meeeee
Book Clubs are in full swing!!! We reading and having great conversations about our books.
Omg u did NOT have to add the last one there. But thank you, love
The bride & groom
We are all One.
We are all connected.
I love family gathering yang sporting even not my family
Thank you Morgwino
Vmin
Have a bless monday everyone
Getting back into our routine Spokane,
lmaoooo thank you but credits due to my ma & pops
So glad you enjoyed it!
My sister left for India for work for 41 days. I'll miss her a lot :'c
"Beware of the prayer made by the oppressed , for it's acceptance is guaranteed "
.
Just got home from work, not able to see But im there in spirit
After watching the videos I really want to visit Seoul :c
wish they would play come to me tonight
Now a HUG
I P!ATD SINCE 2007
this weekend has been really hard for me but the greasies and tob made me laugh and feel like myself again i love them immensely
" ...Tell me that you love me more than hate me all the time..."
Lost on you
Have a great start of the week! Sabb's Monday baon
Morning snack
Egg- dipped french toast
Ice
I love this so much
Tranquilidade
Best girlfriend award goes to the love of my life I had the best birthday ever
What an inspiration
Subhanallah
thank you babe! ily2
My Birthday Week Was Great Spent it with everyone I loved
Love you :((( thank you, chen. That means a lot coming from you
Check out what my girl did!
good morning have a blessed Monday
Thanks and get to it this weekend !
My love
I love you more
Good Morning Twitter
aw ty Ginger!! you're the sweetest
Show some self love to yourself ladies
Yesss! Been waiting for this zine! Maybe I'll be slightly less terrible at using after I read this
Hello! in Vancouver now. Let me know if you ever make it to the Pacific Northwest.
thanks for always supporting me
I always need a dose of and no matter how many times I watch it.
Nammin, mi shipp irrelevante favorito:'v
They be the best ones
im flattered hehe thank youuu
so sorry for you loss
Jgn la sedih. Sy suka bunyi gamelan. I know all my uitm friends love it too
Ugh SO PRETTY
If this post appears on your newsfeed, please leave a message for me
HAHAHAHA thank you much babe love and miss you too !!
So glad was able to make the last minute appearance last night
Thank you and u already know !!
Good luck
Night
Ugh ily
Teste Thumbnail The last of us
YOU ARE THE BEST YOUR WORK ARE THE BEST, ALL OF YOU ARE BEST
NAMJOON, WE LOVE YOU SO MUCH
So proud
love you
thank you so much
Thank you
Thank you I needed this today!
Its amazing how cleaning can help take care of yourself
love love love waking up to flower deliveries thank you, gugubear
36
Girlllll I literally told that story earlier. I miss it
Loving FIND YOUR TRIBE 2019 Planner. And love that I have long found my tribe, bond tested and proven through the years.
Love you domo head up
By the way the shoes you gave away in sf are kept in a glass box. We love you so much
I love you too beautiful I hope you feel better soon
You both really cute together
you are the best. message you
Yesterday night was one to remember
MEU MARK CHEGOU NA
New tape dropping soon
Please watch this
Goosebumps
ty!!
been married for six months today and got to spend it with each other and with dear friends
Lol cause We help we have the cutest
Absolutely magical episode tonight.
Shrimp??
Thank you so much
hoco was a blast
so glad u are home hope u have a good rest and carve some pumpkins hehe
Always have been!
Really Alhamdulillah for everything. Allah is the Best of all planners
Les presento: Mi Ahijado Jacob
Beautiful
Still love you all on to the next
We TRUE TEXANS EVERYTHING about Beto what do you like about Lying Ted?
Mi
My heart & soul to all those who work in health care we needed so much support this weekend
Thank you
Out of luck but full of faith Boy
Thanks hun I honestly appreciate that!
Movie night with my sisters and lil bro
thank uh daffar
Love uh lots
Dudeeee keeping this code I so wanted a model 3
He is so adorable
as you should
Thank you
My anniversary is on the 23rd two years married
Okayyy Taylor! That's my girl!
10 (2 1/2 hours ) MONSTER CODE GIVEAWAY RIGHT NOW ON MY STREAM
Aprecien la belleza de Min Yoongi
forgot to post the link like the dumbass i am so i uploaded again!! enjoy + please support
My girls tho
What a fun & exciting fall break thanks to my love
On September
Seesaw. But i love namjoon's trivia Love also because the lyrics is relateable and meaningful
Honda Lifestyle
.
Owner honda_habitue
nicole_vmsracing
.
Follow
Follow
Let God be the center of our relationship.
FUCKIN MADDY man imysm! Thank you hun, LOVE YOU
1 Day To Go !*
Bday
Thank you very much! For you!
Goodnight gentlemen. Please shake and forget it. in this together
Date with Me at
handjob videos passionate sex sara jay shower sex ugly
Goodnight Sammy! I love you! Sweet dreams! Sleep tight!
nobody turns up like ryleigh when we make eye contact she smile so hard she be so hype laughing and all
Thanks
In bed watching Christmas movies
Me everytime I go to the mountains
got this
Jungkookie
Thank you. what I hoped the book might do.
Blonde horny slut!
You are beautiful and you seem really nice, i hope we could be friends :)) Thankyouu so much but who?
I will and thank you
It's my birthday guys
18
5 years ago today I brought my best friend home
10/19/18 insert picture nimo(@YoFranzxc) hahahaa
Currently crying >
I wanna be happy to the point I forget everything I been through .
update about performance last night in a few hours. swamped with homework
I Halloween
noonoouri on IG Stories
Definitely beautiful!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Linda
YASSS It's time for a great show Yasmin Bianca:ooooooiii
naraid66
pxmtzwekqbxy
I loved this. I wish have thought of this with my kids.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MISS UNIVERSE!!!! More pageants and crowns to come ate cyyy iloveyouuu, God bless!!!
awww that made me smileeee thank you
the most valid
As tuas palavras
believe this was SIX YEARS AGO!
I love
Muchas gracias por el Zing
So glad we can be there for one another
Yes good! I hope all is good with you as well
Y te amo
I
Te amo I hope you have a good day
Good morning Anna
MAJOR x Why I love you
I love & appreciate the friends I do have!
Good morning bigotilyo
baby
Had a quiet weekend and stayed mostly off social media. I needed the break.
Watched this cutie last night!
Three reasons why I smiled yesterday.
These kids are soooo adorable!
GOAAALS
Lol. It's cause Corgis are nicer than most people.
Good morning bigotilyo
baby
I Regina Hall, she is so beautiful. With her big brown eyes
tis the season what a magical time to be alive
woah can't wait, i'm sure it will be the greatest
Ursinha
Cold house , big bowel of chili and Netflix
em hi guys. lawa tak design baju baru kitorang ni?
welcome to our 4th batch design!
p/s: i'll
thankyou
so excited to see what next year brings. hoping, Arizona sunshine and so much happiness
Favourite pass time
You: wack
Still luv u tho
Night
a little monster, mother qe love you so much
Meu homem
She makes my heart so complete
Not offended at all but I still want you to know I love you Adam
thanks for the retweet
rosie spaughton has big tiddies bc behind that is a big heart
Got to see my giant buddy Bruin today
The Rust Maidens by is a must-read! I'm happy to see other friends enjoying it now.
Love and blessings from Canberra
Happy 5 months princess i love you
Thank you so much for the support, Kirsten. We truly appreciate it!
satisfeita
I think you do an amazing job of that
I am very happy. It feels good.
The one show that offers hope and makes humanity look like it still exists
Siempre conmigo
Amamos vc
Mother's Restaurant
me faz radiante,
I dnt know what you said but I love you ... check
I will NOT forget you hahahahah
Waiting.
te
Tips for an easier dinner time with little ones!!
Ilyyyy mwaps!!
A "Gregory" or a "Negan"... I it!!!
Me snsssmsmsmsm
21/10
How can we help? Tell us how we can support you.
We are. Very good. God is good, all the time.
CUTIE
My children have so much love for each other I am so proud.
TRECE MIL VECES TU
from
Julie & Julia
Aww, too sweet babe! Thank you! and yes we should talk more. My dms are always open!
I love you
ahhhhh HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Little guppies .... We had the best time today! Thank you Jonathan and joywdouglas The Stuart Sandbar
The face you make when you at Monster Jam!!!
NSYNC
Anyways goodnight. Listen to NCTs EP on Apple Music if u can
Australian OT week (21-27th October)!
Enter promo code OTWEEK18 for $5 off individual membership.
Night
Give it all away one person not meant to have all that money. It will breed greed.
Meus filhos
I Just Wanna Lay Next To My Kids
just need some dick, i just need some love. Tired of fucking with these lame niggas, baby I just need a thug
|| newly updated bio and photo
Some great family moments captured with pictures. Just precious moments in time
My Mommy
Thanks! It was a labor of love and total fascination with the topic!
the bio of cam on spotify has me crying of how proud I am
Rt or like to be in a gc lets make some friends in this fandom and hype each other up
Tu e minha fav
Have a blessed Monday and May Allah ease our day today
Bang with local girls at
brunette hot hentai lips marie
I liked a video Fortnite Moments that make you wanna care for and cherish your homies
Wow. Just wow. What a weekend we had at M.I.C.E. ! AND I got this awesome bag, art by
Those are really adorable
Good morning love.
M s .
I am
Congratulations to you wonderful ladies for winning 'Favorite Female K-pop
" May Allah cleanse our hearts from hypocrisy and grant us sincerity in everything that we say and do "
Puppy love priceless
Miss you more honey you th fake 1
Noite boa
Username: 10/10
Header: 10/10
Icon: 10/10
Bio: 9/10
Inktober D-21: Commission for
You light the skies, up above me
A star, so bright, you blind me,
so very sorry to hear this. praying for you and your family..
Please judge my brother in law's BBQ Chicken Chili! Thanks~!
thank u for taking your time to appreciate the thread!
brinks baby
The Cornwall coast is breathtaking in its beauty. Bravo Poldark cinematographers!
Omg watching that tonight too
so cute when Grace gets so excited that she forgets how to speak English
I'm sorry for your loss
encuentra las 5 diferencias haha te amooooo
Get Up Every Morning and remind yourself I CAN DO THIS.
Happy birthday to my magical city Yerevan my soul belongs to you
Great to meet you too. Thank you for everything
I wait to see all of you this week!!!!!! So much goodness
zlomg: Pictured if paladins suits were more casual
Amoooo demais
De gravatinha pra RS
Candice on IG Stories
King of the sea version Marana bgm na
hi I know never see this but I just wanted to let you know that you make me happy and I love you so much
Gracias kathe.
Amo
CanadaLatinStylee x ohrangutangtv Little Italy, Manhattan
You both look really cute together
Mores
' Ao vivo desse.
Athulu peeka yeshinava ra... make day...
Lowdalo
It has been 2 years, and I want to thank a lot of you who are still showing me love because of this video
This guy has a keychain with him and his girl.. actually cute
I hope Elisabeth feels better real soon.
(cold beach babes)
Thanks Feeling Hot Love 4 for the follow!
You're welcome! Hope you have strength to concur the week!
Love you guys thanks for helping my best friend
ESQTV
I love these two but why do you gotta have Michonne pregnant when Rick any of
Oof been a year and still upset happy one year to 10
Team
my parents finally get home tonight
To support victims of Hurricane Florence in North and South Carolina releases a new original song,
THANK U SWEETS
My sister is snapchatting me every moment of her experience and I am living for it!
I love seeing you on a turf field
All of the love!
Night
Today was sooo good so thankful to have such amazing friends!!
Congrats lovebirds
8 months without my best friend and I miss you more and more everyday love you my beautiful angel
a ride on your MAGA TRAIN
I Follow all TRUMPETTES
Have to Support Our President Trump
Thank you
Hey Cutie! I just heard! ridiculous! We will get you back up & running.
GG's to (2-0)
'Cause I'm a fool for you
And the things you do
I'm a fool for you
I U
gonna cry from the cuteness
This makes me want to rewatch hxh
your pretty
Pretty
imagine,kuch smjh he ni arhi
night
.@ShawnMendes welcome home my glad back! Rest well and enjoy your time with your family
, , my Lt. Gov Candidate.
Thank you for loving me even when an emotional bitch.
Bien, Memito
Everyone sign up for It's a small price to pay for the best week of fun you will ever experience
from Olivia
Congratulations my family
Hey, Linds. Sorry you've got all that to face this week. Your Emu family is here for you. Always
Sweet kitty family
Me encanta!!!
Music
Sup fam! love over on twitch! Come hangout and show some love in the chat!
TRECE MIL VECES TU
te quiero amor
Check out 95 Overall
Join Up Hit That Follow Button Show Uncle Rambo Some Love
Last night we transformed into Edward and Kim from Edward Scissorhands. What a
thank you for making it!!
right i
Make up brushes
stays alive by feeling been done to us, while peace comes alive by living with the
Oml that is such an aesthetic I love it
omg stopppp this is precious!! my heart is full!
Amo sus expresiones lpm!!
Me encanta
A thread of my favourite artists' songs. Samples and covers.
Whooppssss ... I have 3 orders from Victoria Secret coming in the next week or two!
Me and My Babygirl
Good morning Monday
I that keynotes are at 17:00!
After 1 year nagkita nanaman tayo ulit
That means the world to me, thank you so much
Our general.
Ninja Rules for MAGA patriots who want to drastically increase their followers:
1. Follow everyone who &
So excited! I can't wait, beautiful. So proud of you!
Apples and PB... Apple Pie... Plain Apples, we apples in our house!
A nice weekend getting a visit from my number 1 Lady.
Dois chatos
Okay boo!!
my
like 85% of my pics on Twitter are of or me and her together and that just shows what good friends we are
Thank you. I would miss you too
Thanks
yay! thank you rin po!!! lablablablab
It finally happened, now in a relationship, meet my new girlfriend :
Yet "they" want us to believe he is the most unpopular EVER!??? Give me a break! We
Congrats Glad to see you Accomplishing Your Goals
2013 was a great year for music.
Wedding Reception
Satria
MUA Paes Hairdo
Attire
Decoration successwodecoration
welcome home x lowest kinda pissed I missed you by a couple of days but I hope to meet u soon
Thank you for the reminder
Just knowing you're here for us is a comfort.
Kygo & Oliver Nelson - Riding Shotgun (Lyric Video) via this trak
Thank you
What a beauty
Hoco
Made my day bae take care ka today and ikaw din, don't forget to smile
just wanna feel unconditionally loved and appreciated
so?? if you need a partner to help you, i so want to take the chance
omg i love this!
Nite nite Chris and Mama.
The classic singles show with has to be one of my favorites. She gets me.
thank you so much lesly, appreciate it!!
my pleasure. My condolences on your loss. Glad I could give you some good energy.
Night
Legends live forever. I love you brotha.
Thank you. I would miss you so much too
i love you too cousin , tell aunt shu shu i said i love her and continue being strong
My hearttttt
Jodaaaaaaa
Good Morning
today i cried a lot in church.
Brefffff ma PARTENAIRE
you Boo
and have just made their way into my heart
&
i need of new people to talk too!
fav for a dm
we need to go here!! I would love to see all the places they filmed!!
Thanks 4 watching out and keeping me and Beck so healthy, See you someday.
found the one always dreamed about
IM IN THIS PIC!
I really appreciate you man. This is so sweet of you to help strangers meet their idols
I this guy!
Best day ever, i love u
Wow I love the crown thank you so much !! Love you
Fresh pili nuts for breakfast.
Best warming story of the week!
Crying! I love dogs!
One day, your brokenness will turn into gratefulness
I following these fans:
The perfect guy for you is waiting over the horizon quit yet
Nmms wey cada te amo mas
No te preocupes yo te paso la insulina
When it comes to love... always a risk
Noche de Gossip Girl Xoxo
nothing makes me happier than when my pals are happy, like i could cry
Nice meeting you both din po and thank you po!
Hi so glad back home, make sure you get lots of rest & spend time with your family! I love you
Breathe.
Thankyou for being an inspiration to me to never giveup on life and to keep fighting for what I want
Left to soon
Last year vs. this year.
11 months old 2017. 23 months old 2018. believe our sweet boy turns 2 in
3....2....1..... in Maui ..... one of our favorite places in the world
I am watching it right now
Son boy
There are no words to fully express my love and appreciation for
Video credit to urieloves on
No introduction just watch
Ultra gorgeous actress
New looks
I love this song
Haha
I love you! You do a lot for me
Wedding Reception
Satria
MUA Paes Hairdo
Attire
Decoration successwodecoration
When ever hannah uploads makes my day 10x times better
that I love
gave my kitten an Italian name even though I speak to her primarily in Spanish & English.... I my trilingual kitty
The riches of Your love will always be enough
Nothing compares to Your embrace
You're worth to wait
really missing my family and friends from back home right now
Cant get enough of the ocean air and my favourite Halifax family Peggy's Cove, Nova Scotia
Also sincere apologies if I am filling your TL's with copious amounts of me playing Spiderman I just love it too much
Mi segunda familia
Sem palavras p voce thatha
All bitches phoney good over here my boyfriend is my bestie
Mickey & Minnie take on Halloween 2018
lookin' for that sponsorship
Me hace tan feliz 21.10.2018
e mt lindo
Get an Elliott in ya life
imy2 squashter
RETURN OF THE KINGS wait!!!!!!
Ima miss you! wait to see you again I love you
Morena
GOD I LOVE OUR QUARTERBACK
Love youuuu
Thank you my sister! For are you are a blessing
I saw all of my nieces and nephews today and it made my heart smile.
Happy sweetest birthday love
enjoy being home
SMOKEY, our beautiful special boy. When we first rescued Smokey, he was diagnosed as a severe hemophiliac.
She is so fucking gorgeous right?
Eu te amo
Some of our pictures... His light shines from inside and it's enchanting!
RED RIBBON WEEK!!
Monday: College Shirt
Tuesday: Wear any form of Red
Wednesday: Hat
Thursday:
Kara Danvers' wardrobe is everything I've always wanted to wear
LOS 17 Y DIA DE LA MADRE
te amo
Date night
Why are we always alike lol
i love you. always here for you
Here rain but the skies are blue over the clouds!
Good morning
WE ARE QUEENS BABY GIRL
Happy birthday mom
Me encanta!!!
happy birthday Kristy! Hope had a special day!
Shawn is back home!
Hey someone toss me a having a rough weekend
10 hour naps & netflix with my daughter
virgo thanks
Glad to hear!
Happy Birthday Morgan
i love you
AHH ily you have too
I hope that the next time I get pregnant, I get pregnant around the same time as my sister or cousin. it would be an amazing experience!
LiveMe-Live broadcasting community
Freelance Finance Writing Job with Lending Tree
Los
I don't care what anyone says Titanic was based on a true love story
Sam looks so cute all dressed up
My Seaoil Fam and baba
SM City Bicutan
Thanks Blue! I might when I feel like I can talk without sounding like a pity party! You!
Laila me Laila
night Mary
Throwback to when my soul left my body! Love him
My son just met her!!! Love the show. So proud of you Amber
miss you!!
Finalmente a Judith cresceu
Thanks, Jyyy.
did u donate the money made from the livestream to a trans support organization yet? that would mean a lot to so many people
Wow skipped right over more and cut me where deepest. ily... mostest????? Gah
So pretty
It is that Simple.
obsessed with my Huskers. for life
The boys
-
Gulfstream Newport Beach
Two years in a row I got Mother's Day cards from kiddos and it was the sweet sentiment I never knew I needed.
Ash
SQUEEEE! She is the most adorable little girl! Luv this video! i think maybe an honorary
Feliz
KARA - Electric Boy Oricon Chart
I hope you had an amazing day full of love
Chicago in December !
Not the best ref but my panda and my buddies deer
And so his Spider-Man obsession begins
Bigggg congratulations to our Ramleela you both are just like a magic together
The show has been wildly successful thus far
Wedding Reception
Satria
MUA Paes Hairdo
Attire
Decoration successwodecoration
so proud of my brother. He was born 4 months pre-mature, doctors told us he would not be able to walk,
Get your holiday shopping done early, and support local art, aaaand wear a one-of-a-kind pair of shoes!
My king is out there imma wait patiently
aww yay i'm so happy for them
Gitlow was a chow & Elvis named him.
Taking care of my parents....there anything I do for them!
10/21/18
Bernise a real one
only one thing that will get this 40something yr old woman to walk into a the 13th Doctor.
So proud of you Hannah you are amazing
I Love My Son To Death My Dawg Fasho
I needed this
Ily
Awww me matas!! the best friend that ever had
I seriously only have 3 friends consider family, do anything for them
I love you both
Cus you stoopid
Jk
Spent my birthday with some pretty cool people
Thanks for feature me beorhtsige
beorhtsige
Modelo: New York, New York
Red Ribbon Week 2018 Monday = Wear RED
10/20/18
Thank you to these peeps for coming with me! To more gala, kwentuhan, gigs and concerts to
Today is legitimately terrifying, please step up in any small way you can.
Old but gold.
the best part
On it
Good Morning Thalapathy bloods.!!
Follow My Backup Id
Ithu Vijay Rasigargalin
Beautiful
Had a great weekend in Hermosillo with my honey
Heyy and I need a boy best friend
got taken out for dinner more presents and cake today i love life
This is so relaxing I love cats
Yo mas camilitaaa
Carol and Rick are amazing characters ever I will miss this so much
foto tirada por uma pessoa mto especial
Bailey is your sexy fitness inspiration and motivation (35 Photos)
Boa Noite Nn sei Tira Foto Vai Assim msm
My little sweetheart. Born and custom made in Austin Texas
This man is a talented, adorable, and a kind personI love you
I care about you more than anyone else in my Life.
Today was a day that always remember is MINE and going anywhere I promise to give you
so lucky to have you in my life
hey, if you're reading this, I love you so much.
nosso trio
happy christmas
spread the love
Trey songzzz got me thru this shift
No better way to spend homecoming weekend than with her University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
When i found you, my heart found a home
ESTO SE AGRADECE MUCHO
Je t'aime toi
Probably
Stay sparkly! You're adorable.
I wasn't going to go to WSC this year but now I'm going by one day just for this
you know where i am
I love you with all of my heart
i love u too gorgeous hope your ok over there hope everything goes well
te amamos e
FOREAL! with all that negativity in 2018! stay blessed diva!
im super excited omgg!! im so so so proud of you joon :) i love you so much
godbless pigggyyyyy
Saw so many pretty faces before i saw you
Omg what a sweetie
Seguidores
Retweet esse tweet
Favorite esse tweet
Siga quem RT e Fav
Sem Unfollow
JAJAJAJAJA lo hice con mucho
Gonna have it on repeat constantly
Hope that you find the peace that looking for
Mood: crying over a plate of vegan brownies as Jim marries Pam
Pareja follando por la webcam
please, collab with
Well glad i know my siblings. I love them like we came from the same mother . I love having and sharing the love it means so much
better than any other cake
You deserve it. With your beautiful heart
Motte
my thoughts and prayers are with you. Your next project will be epic I can already see it.
Congratulations!!!!! deserved!!! So glad you chose to be Razorback!!! Proud. Razorback 4ever
naraid66
kff#pbnkawa0
Happy birthday sweetheart! Daddy and I are so proud of the young little lady you are
I love this man more than anything thanks for being my everything and so much more
My Teiki teacher has mad herself her own labyrinth in her backyard. Pretty cool.
Es tan lindo
blend in if you were born to stand - from the movie
Thihen abadhuves thiben jehey gaumee baykey thee
Tu moreee
Onyx Hotel
My oldest
your Sunday night reminder: TRUST THE PLAN.
Thanks, one of my favorites
Comments can get you shut down
Oh my gosh Sky is the most adorable kid on the planet. I tear up a little each week watching her and
Home from the Symposium
Contemplating this...
"I have learned so much from my amazing
I would love to kick you in the face
Your love is all i need
Thank you so much! Have a great night.
WE ALMOST AT 100 PLAYS
Red Hair.
Johnny fucking hockey baby
mrsdita_
TE AMO TANTO, ME HACES MUY FELIZ, SOS LO MEJOR DEL MUNDO
Spooky deck.
Cat. Face. Train. && Bot. (from 'Team Umizoomi' for Hank )
We judge come hoe it out we got all kinds of thotties
Yeah! We pumpkin carving season!
West Lawn,
Beautiful souls
Adi: Abhi Na Jao chor kr k
Dil Abhi bhra nhe
Night
me vs inner me
keep fighting, voting, protesting until things get better.
Love y'all
I just prefer the look. Love the interior & upgraded tech for sure! I forget your a Honda guy now!!
thank u! love & miss u too
McAfee!
Sorry for my impatience
Truly the most well spoken thread ever read
I thought you'd like to know this :))
Candice 30th Birthday party
on IG Stories
Truly blessed w/ the man with. Always knows exactly what to do, what to say to make everything better
Paddy is a class act!!
My baby.. I love life with you and stoked I now get to do it forever. Thank you for the perfect
Going bar hopping in Plymouth on my bitthday with my favorite girls I wait
carry you out every morning until death do us WOAAAHHH!!!
The happiest birthday to the most incredible girl in the world , I love you so much and I wish
My brother
Ain to mrm
ahh you are really sweet thank you alote
Hehe Congratssssss!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE BEST LEADER I'VE KNOWN ILOVEYOU BABY!!! ENJOY YOUR DAY AND PLEASE BE HAPPY
just so beautiful! Sim is amazing
Thanks buddy. you.
EU MORRENDO DE TANTO PELA SOBRINHA DA BRITNEY ASSISTINDO O SHOW DELA AAAAAA OS BRACINHOS JDIDKDKDM
Sorry for your loss love.
My house is filled with flowers for my queens birthday.
This song
No but if you do, find my inbox
Follow Thanks
Hi! Please post about winning Best British Group on thank you
from The League
this Back in Black look
Omg not caught up but this is the best food wars mini spoiler ever
always remember and cherish them They mean the world, I love you so much!
I love you
Klauss & Bobbawave
Family time with my babies
Watch over us RIP Dae..I just want to hug you and laugh one last time
Morning beautiful
The world deserves to see how beautiful you look. Keep smiling
Congrats amazing
Extremely proud of my boy.!
goodnight you crackhead
We Florence. See why in our NEW video.
Wooow GOODLUCK ATE
Ahhh meu
baby, always know that you are the most amazing art. i love you.
Ollie's puppy so much!!!
.
.
.
.
.
QUE COSPLAY
I love u
Job well done &
Thank you sweetie
Usted es hermosa Gracias Anon.
Look at how good I'm getting with digital drawing!! I'm so proud of myself
2 gummies per day
My little honey
The just call her glow sticks
Hi! Please post about winning Best British Group on thank you
semangat nder
happy birthday!!! inseong loves you a lot and i hope you had an amazing day so far!!!
The little things matter.
i love you to the moon and back twice.
Love you guys
Minha rainha
Uyy 22 Happy 2nd SANAsary, thank you for breaking my heart.
Okay & welcomeee Have funnn
Good morning beautiful people
are so precious!!!
congrats!
Me please
Even when we can't see much in the dark up here, we still have a beautiful view. Alberta :)
Yay!!!
Hihihihi te amo
FUE TAN
Amelia is showing Isabel how to play
Love you.
It was their free dance last year too!
I guess I have to come to wonderland sometime. To take your pictures beautiful!
Of cause these legandary photos has to be back on his Bday
Ily
Awww, I missed that Maggie named her son after her dad
I had such a great time this weekend so happy I was involved. Everything was everything from beginning to end
Look at her here too...
One last Khun P before flying back to Manila. This trip has been a real blast
Noix sempre
Say That SISSSSS
the hate you give was so so so good!
Grey's Anatomy
keep n kita forever yIEEEEEEEE
Love you bby
Thank you so so much. That means so much to me. I was so nervous to come back
this and Imma text you
SATTON GOOD JOB!!
yuzu wishing his english can be half as good
Vacaed a lil and did a helpful deed
Way to go! That was a really nice piece, and your photos looked fantastic!
on persons who have you as their whole lives.
- Avv
You're the nicest
Seoul Tour Promotion by
And thinking of YOU
Fun little trip to Kentucky this weekend
I did. And I hope you did, too. Dang I love your positivity and you
Hi Kendall's mom! Your son is very nice around here
Mad Respect!
Awh I miss u too babe
I always feel so at home when I go to my aunts house
I've been wearing my yellow lists hoodie!!! It is so comfortable. Will be ordering the pink soon
STARTER CALL
RT for a random starter based on list below
for a gif starter
Church, road trip, brunch, mimosas, beer, burgers, tacos, books, my girl
Good morning booo
Came across this picture today...I miss you so much dad, you always knew how to make me laugh I wish I could
You're one of my people! Food is love
What if we have lost seat? It was vs All ..
But we have won Karachi .. KARACHI YOU ARE LOVE I
hehehehe, valeu cheirosa
crying So, so sweet
this all I want
Why do they looks like couple who cant be separate even for one second kkkkk cutie
Grinding solo squads and pc solos for my vids, not gonna stream for a little
Te amo Mariana
This makes my happy! love you both!
I will absolutely never tire of hearing beautiful voice accompanied by an acoustic guitar
AMO TANTO KKKKKKKKK
i love u btw
YOU SHOULD LEARN IT ITS SO WORTH IT!!
I just got it maybe around two months ago I think? And its
so in love with you
you can love someone and still not be meant to be together.
you have to be real mature to understand when its just time to let it go...
Te amo bem mais garota
Awwwn, thanks
thinking about you hay que hablar en esta semana
Thank uu
Love you too
When you call your man just to tell him about the truck you just seen, you know finally found the right one
I SEE YOU - sincerest regards, a new fan and many more
4Eva Cross My Heart , Die Bout U
pretty bby
Thanks punkin
happy bday!
Son Capas !!!
Obrigada
My this is so cute
we own nothing, we just drive
2 gummies per day must try vitamins
Bob Cole...all class and legend of legends
Restored and revived
Black is my favorite color
Yeah I miss those things too...and wish everyone could go too...but it looks so great and cool!
Retweeted
4 a tbh
acc kamu sepi? mau rame? upfoll di akuu yukkk! insya allah trustedd
t followan lelang acc barter acc upfoll rp open agency
Little George was my favorite player from the boom squad. He has a lil genuine soul.
Obrigada
I hope you guys will continue making good music in the future and please take care of yourselves rice is
Rick is doing a great building a future
thankful for those that said they would miss me. That go unnoticed by me. I love
Te amo
God loves you. have a blessed night.
Broo yesssss!!!!!
I forgot how funny was I missed her
Sunday Night Movie
Da valor para mim q mais tarde vai ter baile
we just have moments and then all good after. trade him for anything though i love him too much
Love this Millie a perfect way to describe it!
Corpus Christi, Tx Wedding Fair
Please I love flowers
01/07/2018, Deus resolveu mandar pra terra meus dois amores
Love Battle Star Galactica reboot!
Oh! so thrilled to hear that! about to up my dose on one of my meds tomorrow. I
My line brother pulled up on me at 5 in the morning just to see me before I left GA. love fam
if you do more love to know
She really love her husband
Agree mainenatics ang best na MFC
That's my girl!
Thanks but I think blue eyes are better
You will. You've got this.
My circle small but I swear I trade the bitches who in my circle for nothing in this world.
Love you too
Seria tener a Moon, Mallow y Skyla~
happy birthday to my one and only kim hanbin!!! i love you so muuuuuch
The baby made me a spooky basket and what I found within melted my heart
Gn announcement tomorrow
Awe thanks corey
This is the SWEETEST. I see lots of my favorite guys in that video. Give them hugs for me happy birthday Mrs.
thankk uu
It adorns my feed no need to thank me
P.s ya so cute in yuh avi
We are united and we stand for it. We are here
Happy birthday Max !! Hope you got all the pats you deserve
Westworld
LES JURO QUE YO VIVO POR ESTA SONRISA.
You drink outa that cup of stars girl
OBSESSED with this show
HOMI DA MINHA VIDA
I wish I had the time to see her!
Happy birthday babe u alwayz! See u soonest mwa
It warms my to see former students come back to the community they were raised in and give back as
ACA TENES LA FTO BOBA
My man hehe
Ah... o Amor
Beautiful thread
Amen! I receive; I know this is true because I am becoming more sensitive to the HolySpirit! thank you...
for a tbh
aff, eu te amo tanto
Always
Hermoso Encuentro Entre Madre e Hija en
&
This is one of my favourite movies
Alex and ani has a at first paw print bangle
Important event and support
Soooo excited about this album!!! is my favorite track Calvin is the best!!!!!
ainda bem que sabe
God definitely gained a wonderful man today
Surfing the waves
Of love
Into the warmth
Of your heart
Viendo el segundo episodio de
I LOVE YOU
Me either no raw fish but I veggies
I have a Facebook Fanpage called The World According To Taylor Swift. I made 6 years ago it has 97K followers. I'm super proud of it
Amo
I thank God everyday for putting such amazing people in my life.
Super blessed
Out wit my big brudda last night Twins
obg por cuidar da gnt
Awww that's cute!
goodmorning
Photo Download high quality pic here Follow, Like and Retweet!
my 3 favorite humans in one podcast,
Immediately fell in love with this
Wishing you a sweet Sunday and a wiggly start to your week ahead!
Meu amor
OMF my heart
The only thing making me laugh hard these days is IG stories. I him so hard.
Photo Download high quality pic here Follow, Like and Retweet!
Sexy Toned and Fit Babes 2018-10-21 22:50:20 Download high quality pic here Follow,
= x2 Gift Card (Unchecked)
2 Winners
Follow =
END: 50 Favs
Photo Download high quality pic here Follow, Like and Retweet!
happy birthday
Love of my life.
Good Night!
Love na love ka namin Fr. Ben Happy Sacerdotal Anniversary po! God bless you more and more... sana forever ka
I love this new ADA on SVU
I am here and always be hayatie i love you
We Ultherapy!
You can always your own tweet!
Had a sleep over with my boyfriend this weekend I'd be an idiot to lose this boy . . I seriously don't deserve
if u dont have apple music there is the new song of nct
Not the desired outcome, but a great time was had by all Cowboys Club
KINGS
I love my bf's family. They're so welcoming & funny. I'm always laughing my ass off w them
Such a great time packing meals for children and families
2.6
Acorda oou
Gah. I preordered it and it STILL here. I wait to read it though.
I had stage 4 as well. Hoping you are doing better
FLASH SALE 30% off site wide with code FLASH30 Free US shipping over $50!
Oh, hell yes. i still think about this birthday gift everyday btw. I love you big sis
Making them read and greet what an amazing teacher
You
Awe! Shucks! You have great taste
This has been a rough week but I appreciate the Lord for getting me through it and I just pray this next week is nothing but good to me
My cats do the same when they watch a bird through the window
OBRIGADO BB
Dude, look at his mom
fucking epic
Happy 7th Monthsary I love you and I miss you See you soon
a better NBA than Steph nobody. Ok just checking
di_sebastiao
que hino
Kim Namjoon is my love
Will be Watching mario!
There is a butterfly on the note
Te amo mujer te amo
What are your football predictions for next week? Need to know which teams to bet on. Thank you.
Nothing but smiles while watching
REFUCKINGTWEET.
Thank you so much!!
en Miami con otro felicidades
Yesss ready to see one of my faves
Good for you Keeping you in my prayers, you got this!!!
The writing world is amazing. So supportive.
Get well soon SEOLA .... rest and be strong!! Cosmic Girls
Amen to this
OMG your babies look fantastic Just catching them dancing around totally made my
You will keep him in perfect peace,
Whose mind is stayed on You,
Because he trusts in You.
Isaiah 26:3
te amo
Those eyes, OMMG
The sweetest soul
donne
I'm so sorry Lauren. Sending all the love and prayers to you and your family
You are such a beautiful soul you were magnificent on a star is born, you & Bradley both!
You deserve it, love
Japanese Denim de Daniel Caesar
Definitely no doubt about it
all the way
Sis meeeee toooooo!! so happy you're coming
so beautiful
Wonderfull cookc
!
(get_repost)
Wishing our pal, and Team Canada beach volleyball
Beautiful family photo!
Quest Hotel, Clark.
Hi I love so much okay bye
Forever thing
I wish I could this fifty times!!
oye estas re bonita.
Jen
I did. And it was worth it.
Gems Piece !
5.03 Cts Almost Loupe Clean Orange Sapphire Songea Tanzania , Top Quality !
Free Memo
Aw! Thank you! Did you stop by Splash to try their delicious clam chowder?
Happy birthday bestie
Can't stop. Wont stop!
excuse you I claimed it first sooo
you can have this: but not THAT
So me & t are currently getting fried to Elvis Presley this vibe is gr8
Smile in the mirror. Do that every morning and you'll start to see a big difference in your life
. .
Monday
get ur asses to the coffee shop now I dead ass bet u Jungkook will be there
I love the resident evil franchise , zombie movies in general
are you guys still adding people to this gc?? i need to be in a zarry gc
I stan the right person
Beautifully said.
I had such a good time
SDf56t
Your tears would evaporate before they touched her.
Nice to see you again ry_castillo morarinda
Dios es amor Bandz&Friends Panama City, Panama
Thank you for your service Sam! Godspeed!@p8triat
Hoje foi muito amorzinho
Inktober day 14 "Cotton Witch"
From prompt list
Randomly post here
0_< 0_<
Alcohol really does bring people together
Best weekend had in a long time
cry princess okay
such an amazing dad and it makes my heart melt
I this man
weird flex i know about that one chief lets get this bread i guess
10.4k 27.8k
By grace I have been saved through faith.
Hi baby Another laag with you, again and again. Thanks for the wonderful night!
Oh my king!!!
they grew up!!!
No problem! here if you need someone to talk to! We all go through struggles
my church boy that goes to church and reads his bible
Goodnight Jim from
I know you will doing great, just keep your mind think positively
missing you guys, i hope you all had a great weekend be back to our regular cum sessions tomorrow
Of course!! You got this!
and RT
Happy birthday to the best leader from iKON The best leader that we must protect Enjoy your day babe
Happy birthday Princess
May the force be with you
Mami
Believe Adrian when he said how great you were. You are so great, Husker Nation loves you JD!
Okay now for real I am getting rid of twitter. Good bye friends
You are my comfort zone
Thank you for being in my life
I love you more than you can imagine
Have fun, patriots! Wish I could join y'all!
Insta story by Sebastien Izambard in Melbourne.
Thank you for sharing
Mine in the making
Visitinha da migs
Pancake with maple syrup is okay but pancake with table sugar is life.
Do you remember when you joined Twitter? I do! Been two years that had Twitter
Skylar & Cailyn are my world got them forever
Candice 30th Birthday party
Candice on IG Stories
Reunited with our girl for the weekend!
Meu fritinho
love this
Spencer! Your Songs!! You are awesome!!
Minha
Laban lang mamsh!!! WERE HERE TO SUPPORT YOU ALWAYS! CONGRATS PO SA 900K SUBS ON YT MORE TO GO PA PO
God will provide
God will provide
God will provide
God will provide
God will provide
God will
thank you cousinnn
It be a happy homecoming without them
Sorry you had to see it too. I know how much you love animals What the
my deepest condolences to you. stay strong
love getting off work to come str8 home to my son giving him a bath he even wanna get out so I can take my shower
You get real on a pill and I like it
Thanks babe!
*snuggles*
Three Sprites of the Monkey God
Gap Between the Ages
Only You, Sango
Are all in this season and all give me feels.
My two favorites
certo hehe
Sweet dreams from the city that I love
so can i take a picture of you so santa knows what i want for christmas? why not x
Pat u put a on my comment in the video (bobdhogan35). THANK U SO MUCH, it made my day 10x better
Truly is.
Not going anywhere
keep your chin up tho girl figure this shit out :-)
Too lovely
Mi mejor regalo.. Hoy y siempre! te amo
Voting Red
Looks like Swedish House Mafia is back & I'm here for it
Was honestly never a fan of football or Ohio State but as soon as I got here that changed because this atmosphere is amazing
So sexy and gorgeous!!
True statement baby girl!
You def deserve gs
a straight up warrior
SIGA
SIGA TODOS QUE FAV
SIGA TODOS QUE RT
COMENTE SDV
SIGA QUEM TE
Thank you
Boa noiteeeee amores
I swear family time is one of the best times
Hope you enjoyed yourself this weekend, U sweetheart &
best bestfriend anyone could ask for, i love youuu
I have really good friends . I have surgery tomorrow and my girls said if I need them they will be here and in
I look like a super asian baby without brows
Nothing makes me happier than hearing from a friend that they found a good guy so happy for you!!
standing now and has a tooth
I hope all is well
I have rediscovered my love of couch after discovering curated selection of creepy movies for Halloween!
This cuteness is exactly what I needed after this incredibly long and hard day
i complain sometimes but i love my morning shifts
Thank you Don
Wow I missed
Yaaaaz naman!!! After 3 years nagkita na rin tayo!!! So nice to finally meet you,
Happy 4th birthday to this not-so-little sweet pea
so cute
Right Good morning
Blessed. God, thank you!
Snapchat - BlushSnaps
You are stunning in any color my friend
I LOVE YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP!!!
Let me drive my van into your heart
HERMOSAS
Happy 18th birthday to my bb, . Thank you for everything!!! Enjoy your day & keep on inspiring
Genial hermosa
hi bb miss u sending love from nz mwaps miss u more huhu stay safe n enjoy ur time there bb
Your dad is one of a kind
"Miracles don't make reservations" ~Moira Rose
Love it!
Thank you
Love this
I love you with all my heart no probably
Watching Global K-Pop Superfans
Blessed to hear my baby girl preach His word tonight!
siempre
my boys
hii are you guys still adding people because i would love to be in a zarry/ zayn gc
I never knew it was possible to miss someone the second they left, until I met you
cant imagine and make a cooking tutorial in their youtube channel... how about make a cake
Real niggas slap paramore
everyone in the house is asleep....I guess I'll cuddle with these two pups
forget to wear pajamas tomorrow for !!
He was the first one of us to pass out, so we proceeded to bury him with the surrounding balloons. even budge
I could actually say one nigga had my love she know wassup
I want to make you fall in love with me one day Oh really
It be a happy homecoming without them
Toda un meme, la amo
I love you too! You know I will always have your back
Kim
Hey cowboy
All love special star..
You will inshallah
TA MUITO LINDA
Obg mana
I handsome hunk sweet sexy kind phenomenal goodness gracious I could talk about
so cute love you girls
I've been so worried about you Amal. Please take care of urself. God bless you
Did you know? It's a wonderful brand. I love everything about it
20cm exo bts doll hoodie for sell:$7,don't include shipfee,ship from china to all countries
Pagi tweeps!
A man who can love - a leader possesses the ability to LOVE
Ya, afraid you got the for everything from me..Boo, Booboo, punky Brewster, punky,spunky and peachtree
is now online
Society wouldn't know how to explain it but it's beautiful and I love it.
Thanks
Hookup with Me at
college sluts wedding porn sexspy spycam submissive
You're welcome! You're too kind!! dear Dyane!
is Leadership with Sincerity
AHHH!!!!! DAY6
Por favor Cheery Bomb o Touch de NCT o Lullaby de Got7 Porfavor
You know my baby
Meu xodozin
Music to give birth to a new idea
I could actually say one nigga had my love he know wassup
1 month
Yeah keep breathing after the surgery
eBook Special 99c Everywhere or Free w/KU Daisy Gumm Majesty 3 Book Boxed Set Volumes 4, 5 & 6 Alice Duncan
Domingo..
Thank you
You deserve the world
I dooo! Her name is Momo, she's a Mini Rex. Quite the attention hog and obsessed with cuddles
There is nothing prettier than a city at 5 am... with empty streets and cold wind breeze
porfavor pasen a BTS Pliis
You my bae you my gift you my all of the above
thanks
A nice day with this little girl... decorated Halloween cookies , went to a petting zoo, and a walk to the park.
Omg this is terrible. Hugs
Be gentle with yourself, doing the best you can
yesss boo
I U
wedding day vibes I swear lg_thatzme did not plan this color scheme out. I think she low key stalking me lol
miss you!!!! super proud of u huhuhu
this!
Awesomeness!!
80k followers and she interacts ALL the time. So humble and real. I love her!
Beautiful Birdie going home so happy for her
I goofy or none of that just my mind done got right
Congrats he loves you so much
amazing day with some of my favorite people
What be disputed is that Fernanda is beautiful.
all my besties...love you beautiful girls and corbin
I love my boyfriend so much
He be lookin fine asf love him so much like not even funny
Te amo, Daryl
Feeling complete at all.
Nana will always be my number one korean favorite!! Since 2009!! B.O.Y era!! My love for her will never fade.
obg Jefff
Ikaw at ako. Mount Malarayat Golf and Country Club Inc.
De ontem
Blessed
Thread de mes profils Jimin
The Flim Which is close to mine
Volvamos a ese
To love and be loved
Mahomes
Love you sweet girl
Not no tight ass small bonnet I meant...a big oversized one is what I want
this
awee can't wait
UHMMM WHY DID I ONLY SEE THIS NOW TWITTER?? oK but i love you amber please forget it
Af
Bff
You ARE so valid and happy belated bday
Proud
I know friend
So excited to see tomorrow. been way too long since seen that bitch
:3x
YOU'RE TOO CUTE !!!!
MY HEARR
everyone always thinks older hahah love u
Mi humilde loot del Community Day de Pokemon Go
Los stickers son de
Te amo
grade8 to 10 Fv. and Lahat kame dito Bobo
trying to make new friends so this :)
Thank you so much!! they were so fun to shoot and really glad we got them back before we post
I'm so exciteddd, its going to be amazing Jonnie
I'm scared to sleep. I'll be ok. Here if you need a chat
Amo Demais
ayieee
Awww forevaa
But I really wanna see his reaction rn after listening about DP ka marriage ka
Thanks boo
So young and yet so very wise. We need more Greta's in this world.
Our Saturday night date was planned for months, out of town, and it did not disappoint. TOTO in concert.
I have the most perfect man
I would die if I won this tbh: I tag you.
I love you with all my heart. Whatever it is, or if maybe it's nothing at all, I'm sending you my biggest hug
Thank you love
on repeat
Matheus ta um amor hoje
focused on my spiritual growth & my financial stability
Nelly's "Dilemma"
had to cuzzoe
BEAUTIFUL WOMANS
RT for a bigger audience please
Happy Birthday Brandon Hope you had the best day love ya & see you soon
It may look like surrounded but surrounded by you.
Wearing her favorite jacket and perfume makes it feel like she's here I'm missing you everyday Kay
Anna 10th birthday
for a tbh
Purple Mountain majesty; with those western larches for contrast.
Love it! It's Ji Yong
My Dawg Since I Was Like 7 Love You Forever Babygirl
is still bad
Thank you!
Nana will always be my number one korean favorite!! Since 2009!! B.O.Y era!! My love for her will never fade.
181003 Hong Kong FM HQ
Congrats to her
Damn!!!! OT9 IS FREAKIN' BACK!!!
Meu milagre,Minha Jhemilly
Oh gonna find him gorgeous
Congratulations for your first stage win too
ERES MI HOGAR
181021
Breakfast!
(Break from writing a difficult letter)
I hope I can continue seeing you guys outside of the fandom world
My multitalented man
for the weak!
I just remind you of the truth
I love you new intern thanks for the English
eu te amo
I call guest rooms at all three houses.
TE AMO TE AMO
Only thing keeping us back is that visa debit
Getting likes is so important to this generation they will say the dumbest most disrespectful foul shit just so people tap the lil amazing
I love this pic
nice to say about your momma! She is pretty amazing!
Apenas amigos
Seguem ae
Which RoadTrip member do you think your like RT For Jack
Love you
Did a photo shoot with mailob pt.1
Real Gold Real Diamonds
Ughhh I am so excited
Coco is such a good movie so far
Sorry love
gatinho
Teaser! Don't Mess Up My Tempo
I'm really glad you love it, I was hoping it would cheer you up of course, its yours after all, do as you wish with it :3
This is so cute!! thank you so much
If anyone wants to collab on a giveaway DM me ASAP !
QUICK TWEET ME YOUR LAST MINUTE QUESTIONS
IM DOING THE Q&A RIGHT NOW!!
Love you too
I miss you too ! been weeks
I will tell my family and also their dogfriends (voff voff)
I wish you & your whole family to
I followed.
continues to overwrite my hard drive with great memories
I think they've watched my youtube vids a lil bit too much nagmana sa ate not complaining tho love you too
Love you more honey
casal PT
Sending you love. Keep us posted
That episode was actually fun and light hearted. Right amount of everything!
hey dear!! Follow me pls
TFW ur proud of ur roommate
The definition of Unconditional Love is the way your mum loves YOU
Thank you for sharing...this was a lovely thread
Never seen a more empty airport in my life. Security check done in 10 minutes lol.
Goodmorning all.
i was the happiest to hug you
You look so happy and pretty, I love it
Not the worst idea.
damn... good luck! ace this, i know it
Meu elenco
I like very these serie
miss you
Minhas gatas
Finally in Berlino, Germania
My favourite girl in the world.
Minhas gatas
just started The Faithful. Really great so far. in week 2, Nehemiah.
What an awesome weekend visiting these two in the Windy City! wait to see you again, cuzzo! Chicago,
Home Sweet Home
Love ya chels. Always here if you need anything
:( a real one, chen always support you, too!
Looking for Men's & Women's Watches? B2The7 can help you Shop Amazon For your Men's & Women's
of course
Happiest place on earth with the person who makes me happiest
rabisco
They said love is sweeter the second the around.
Follow me please
Best Quote from my Favorite Movie! RPO
crazy to see everyone you went to school with change so fast. Go you guys. I wish everyone the best in life
SUBELE A LA RADIO MI AMOR!!!
Cada me enamoran
vote in STARPLE today as a gift to our best leader, Kim Han Bin!
181021
This thread
We love you and !
KOOKMIN
CrLOGO
Tina
aswenluthorzor-el: I love two dorks They belong together, come on
She's precious
There's nothing better than spending time with family you love.
Such a good weekend in KC
sad I make it! Would love to see you in the Pacific Northwest. In Vancouver or Seattle.
DIOSA
so proud of you baby bro! I love you more than ever know! Big sis will ALWAYS be here for you
:)
ya sabes Te amo
I only hope and pray you get 100 times the happiness very soon.
So obsessed with
Great day
Feliz
Build the WALL Build the WALL
I love u princess
ugh
I really love my church.
oh i just caught something: your gallery isnt working
And that is what i meant.. a girl who will go where you are..
Amazing!! Performance by Lady GaGa and Bradley Cooper. A must see
Solid choice.
Obg amore
Sometimes I just look at you and wonder how I got so lucky because pretty great.
Meu Negrinho
KOOKMIN
CrLOGO
my lil shawty
been adopted
As if I needed another reason to love elephants
Charliestic
Banner and Avatar for "Pratoide"
Like Rt & Follow
I love you I feel like my soul sister link up
Spending the day with my sister and so at peace
your mother loves me so much
Awe hi baby Noah, the 9 from Drew 16. lit on Sunday
I love them sm
My partner in crime bae....
.
.
.
.
I love my Family
love it
SIGA
SIGA TODOS QUE FAV
SIGA TODOS QUE RT
COMENTE SDV
SIGA QUEM TE
Nana will always be my number one bias!! Since 2009!! B.O.Y era!! My love for her will never fade.
In the end I hope all worth it
Just for you!
I know.... it's a tough situation. Stay strong.
Imagens promocionais da campanha "Live Seoul Like I Do" by BTS (1/3)
The moon is beautiful but you are lovelier
I added a video to a playlist Abraham Hicks How to State your Intentions Clearly No ads
that you can now choose park tickets by date range and price!
Bo and I miss you worry mommy be back soon
I love Louis no matter what
beautiful
Bon Appetite , looks very tasty enjoy your meat
ahh what a good day to wake up to
I love my Family, they taught me how to be a man and appreciate women
Little did I know, I would meet him less than a year later
says
I love thicc lobster tails
Eternas Roberta e Josy
Aw, you two, stop it,
Come back stronger than ever before
awe i love you sister i wait for our videos
Adorei
vida
OHMAYGHAAAAAD ASDFGHJKL !!!
LVING this creative from With a clean, collegiate look and a custom logo, the Lobos
++ That. That made me decide to love and support this girl until infinity!
LOVE U
So sorry
Awnn super a gente
you did a great job! Thank you
Its a GOOD morning
so sorry. Praying for you
Te amooooo muito
A day out with my love tomorrow
To my who has got me to many finish lines! It was a Big Day & so grateful to share the finish with
Sembreak na
your beautiful.
This makes me so angry... Why r ppl like this? We you, Sherry and for so much more than any
linda foto!
By
enjoyed my weekend with my
happy birthday hope it treated you well
Proto Cu Ascended and Rank Up completed. Now I gave him the love he deserves since he was my starter Lancer
Thank you boo
Thanks sis
Yessss!! Who love McDonalds, literally my life!!
Mannnn I thank GOD for blessing me w the mother and grandparents that she gave me
jodibo__
Okay the cutest thing ever seen
love u the MOST girly
I love us when both happy
Low key sleepy.......yeah Goodnight Thanks for all the support recently
Thanks babe
i remember...I think iwas in 7th grade...my friend gave me the nickname mia tortilla :/...and goodnight
lovely sunday with ma girls and thank you jie'r for doing my hair and makeup hehe i
happy birthday lovely, even though we talk as much hopefully meet you soon
shawn does not deserve to get mobbed. please respect his privacy
goodnight to everyone except bts
Da Nta mfesh mnk Wlhi gentleman
As Usual , Htshof l comment w ht3ml like .. W as usual
modeulos, marley bonitin demais
The love I have for my son is unconditional he brings so much joy to my
She's got an old soul
hey just wanted to shout out your employees in your orlando premium outlets store, they are amazing thank you so much
Power of
Thalaivaa
if anyone cares started taking my meds again
My baby
Mommy, Massai and Kez!! go boys!!!
I deserve this happiness.
Thank you so much sweetie love you long time
Handles it like a pro!!!!!!! Love this!
!!! CUTIE PIE
Also I have a cat named Katara this is so wild
my boyfriend is carving my pumpkin
One of the reasons I'm so excited for Saturday is to show Stephanie what I ordered the other day
I mean marrying Matt is kinda cool too.
Great time with my dragons moms
She really care for a nigga i fwh the long way
Maybe she thought it was Amore-geddon
My first true love
De no te vas
Definitely my goal.
ok, people change and you certainly did for the best and I be any more prouder of you
los amo slp
Oh the tears... what a wonderful story. to Matthew and Republic FC!
You are very welcome!
Congratulations to all of our winners and thank you to everyone who made this weekend so special DubHacks 2018
we love you king stay strong xx
You too!
Hahahahahahahahaha ok bro. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder
Much love homie
Chavela
We will be there with bells on!! Please share this event and help this local not for profit organization!!
Meu Amor Todinho
awwwww I'm so happy to be your fwiend I love to see you art ;w; it's all outstanding and who
so happy, it makes my heart full
Thank you to everyone who supported me during my grind for Sakura, it finally paid off! Ily all! Goodnight
welcome home enjoy your time with your family & friends
Wishbone
Channie talks + thanking 2PM Junho for coming, Junho made heart
It was so nice seeing my big brother after almost 2 years
one of the rarest times i have with my mom.
we love you.
welcome home.
Comment your reactions below!
UPDATED DAILY
Doubletap
Follow
Tag your friends
-
Do you ever just sit down, lay back, look at your boo and realize you are the luckiest person to be able to say your boo?
Brother Nature we appreciate you. Keep growing
++++++2
You taking them on.. we still love you baby
I New York!
Truthfulness
Unselfishness
Ethan y to hicimos galletas
Bueno, se a comerse la masa
for a tbh
Imagens promocionais da campanha "Live Seoul Like I Do" by BTS (3/3)
Divulguem meu trabalho
he apologized.
XD
Miss you too!! Goodluck sa game mo today!!
Gotta watch SharkTank tonight - will pull your heartstrings
my girl is absolutely gorgeous
Tava com sdd manin
mingyu is for the bi!!!!!
Love you
My Baby Bears turned 3 today
The one thing I love more then anything is to make other people feel better about themselves
Every Haram Relationship ends with
/\ > /\
| | | |
You alone sis much love
Ily
This album really touches my heart and if only you knew how much I mean it. thankful for you and all that you do
SO CUTE
Iti amo tanto
Thank you very much OG bro.
get over new album 12 songs full of love and tears at once !!
just workin , thank you god
Happy birthday baby enjoy !
after 7 ; ready or not
Follow My Friend Has Excellent Content
Two way street. Live by what you learn, and learn by how you live. Simplicity
I was so fat when I met it breaks my heart. Love u
Beautiful words from a beautiful human please take the time to listen
Ayyyyy all is well with you.
Ellas juntas
Everytime...
Hell yeah
Miss u
So damn proud.
Congratulations,
Happy birthday I you and your hair
squad
more than welcome!!
YES! Carol! always one step ahead.
on Ig Stories
finally getting this shit ready for my business
The hardest most rewarding job I have ever had was being a stay at home mommy.
One of my favorite video of Kenzie Ken Ken
Plena
Making the best of how things are going.
ur tweets made me worry abt u. i hope ur doing okay!
Sierra my love
Our one and only birthday party
getting my homework done at a reasonable time so see in about an hour bye
Indi ka weak shit or what, stand up! Make your parents proud.
We can't forget this song posted 4 December 2013.
Baby face Mad Sexy Cool, watch the lyrics!!!
BJ the Chicago Kid - Turnin Me Up via
A soul that exist and is surrounded with the best of souls!!!
.
.
Between i'm awake
.
.
thank you
do boxe
Socials:
YouTube:
Twitch:
Retweets appreciated
Life is all a test
You know it imma miss you man
Ot9 feelsssss
Thank you again
so calm and snuggly.
Yes!!! Let's be friends Good friends! I'm a hardcore Yoonmin shipper too so that can connect us very well tho
ur fave besties
Thank you Jess!!!
Welcome Sebastian Munoz Ldc, Eriberto Cuevas, and Rise Ragan! Thanks for liking our page. We appreciate you!
thank you
Omg looks amazing Ella!!!! Thank you! And I remembered to get you an Aussie Pin as well!
My favourite cover
Can we just talk about how met the two most influential people in my life? My heart is so full.
Da Nta mfesh mnk Wlhi gentleman
As Usual , Htshof l comment w ht3ml like .. W as usual
My sister said the wedding was more then ever dreamed. Exactly what she deserves
+2
good morning EXO and EXO-Ls only
droga
It was yesterday but thank you babe
thankyou !!
I love it as hell! , I was just listening to the whole album!
Happy Birthday to my beloved one!!
I wish you all the love and happiness in this world, also hoping
779- We really been friends for long but noticed that you been yourself lately. I have no problem listening.
Muchas gracias bro
for a tbh
Another great music recommendation from Thor AND some healing words.
you look like a cowboy in your photo... idk why, but I love it
you a reflection of me shawty
Tbh I can't wait till I meet the right one get married & build a strong family in Christ
I appreciate you
Thankss Babyy
Miss my Dave
I liked a video Fortnite Moments that make you wanna care for and cherish your homies
Your welcome
Hi baby, I hope you had a great day
We still love you
we still love you
New New York.
For the love of yam
Watching sing on the So powerful!- I love this song so much!
Learning to keep waiting. God will provide.
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes you all
Beautiful Madonna has safely arrived on Flight She is ready to enjoy the good life in her forever home
I know how to keep my queen happy
MOMMY
Na verdade, JP (Jurassic Park) + HP (Harry Potter) =
FOREVER COKE FUCK A PEPSI
I love coming home and being greeted by my cat
Loki tolerates so much.
What would you do ooo ooo for a doggie treat?
Lovely Boobs
To my who has got me to many finish lines! It was a Big Day & so grateful to share the finish with
Britney Spears e Paris Hilton
Westlife's If I Let You Go & My Love totally damn good
I love him!! thank you
Speechless by Dan + Shay gets me every time
life people do you dirty you move on , no hate in my
I'm so ready & also not ready
But I can't wait & so excited
OMG! What am i blabbering
I love you Namjoon
miga te amo feliz
Suportang tunay
Happy to be the first person to this tweet!
Mrs. Steffens you and your daughter are one of the biggest blessings in my life
crayons still
Lol the little things
thankful for u thank u for always taking the time to stop, u have to do that but u do it anyway & it means a lot
actually today so you miss it!! Thank you for the birthday wishes! been a wonderful day
Watched only two episodes and I'm totally in love, this one is really promising
High Falls
Love and happiness/ Reclaim your heart by Yasmeen Moghaed..
Gracias
happy birthday angel! you are such a light, drinks soon pls, love u mama
I just really love this picture. So I thought I'd share it with you guys.
When bae calls 100 times in a hour just to say I love you
follow plis Anette
I toast.
I U but why is it everytime I fly w/ u my flight is delayed? I had to switch my flight back to
Yassss!!! Congrats!!!
I know scary & I hope you both feel grace while you meet and talk (I think she will be very
Omg I jus had the worst night yesterday lol but thanx love you
Awwwww look at Carol ..... looks like Morgan got to her!
Thanks girl
Thank God for she knew the right words to say at the right time to get and back together
This young woman is pure fire.
thankyou pampi!!
feliz cavic day
morning
Thanks for the update
Happy Birthday !!! Love you
amor, mi amor
My
EEEK!! Lisa is around 26 Fans away from 4K!! If you fanned her, come hang out and love her
Your channel is not dead Angee & I will be so amazed when you hit 7k
congrats my guy blessings on blessings . Finally !
That seriously means so much to me
Me: "Babe, will you be my waifu?"
Him: "For laifu."
And then we fist bumped True Love, y'all
2nite was magnificently phenomenal can't wait till next week I'm so head over heels in with this show
I did not see that !! The French music playing in the background ... wow, her true love!!
Thanks love. what I keep telling myself.
Noite em New York
OMG KA RANA THANK YOU
I know
Thanks so much for this my happy brother says hi to your happy brother
People make mistakes, it makes us human. You were 12 for crying out loud.
I need a ring on my finger to know going to spend my life with you
Take care
Check out this awesome cover from one of my favorite romantic suspense authors of all time! LOVE
We love you though
Happy anniv!!! Stay inlove
Not gon lie I miss the old you ...
Britney
Thank you so are you
Everyone grows and become a better person ... love u same way
I miss youuu sopphhhh Thankyouuu it means a lot to me
Love Sick teeniebopper calls Beto Rock Star
Noite
I do, too.
20cm exo bts doll skirt for sell:$6,don't include shipfee,ship from china to all countries
wait to hit legs tomorrow
Talking dead is live again. Finally. Glad to see getting his groove back.
August is my favorite
Reallly Love You Sooooooooooooooooooo much Jibon
an LA celeb mua !! I been hittin u thru I wanna do your makeup girl
Just me and you
iloveyouumoreeeeee!
Thankyouuuuu
I literally cry every time I listen to Matter I cant tell you how much I relate to it all
You keep falling victim insecure, and when I tell you beautiful you be sure
Idi second tym ram chepadam
KTUC show lo kuda same ans ichadu
Tq
Melhores momentos
I love my sisters man
amazing, never forget
My girl Avery; I know going to do amazing in her future success she just had to stick with it.
People like you are special. People like you are loved and appreciated.
look amazing! God bless
Ok I want to make another gc for hardcore Golden stars. Like this tweet if u want in. Warning: Some of make the cut
meetup with and Server? We will hook you up with swag
ME TOO esp ice coffees i love
yeah you are, buttttt, cute
I would say! Must be their teacher
Awwww
Hey! Can you upload a mix with Tomahawk Chop to Mixcloud? Pretty please Thank you
Charlotte, you did great! The show was great.
sounds like you need a girls day
Love you primo
Ahhh, thanks Shauna! Really appreciate the commitment
He said chidren because his my dad. please adopt me......I'm begging you.
Iti malia
vai aqui tbm
If you already go follow my justjess.96! My goal for 2018 is 250
Happy happy birthday to one of the best players/people I know ! The Gran girls love ya
Ur car is nice foo tysm
Ok!
At least the tweets came out before the tv show started, this way they cut your show
Had such an amazing adventure the other night First college entrance exam, first train in the PH, first time
Also, thanks to my girl for being the best tour guide even if we were apart Next time tayo naman magkasama I
Top result try again
I think he missed me
i got you sis and a shoulder for you
I'm off the deep in
Watch as I dive in
I'll never meet the ground
Yo / Yo Domingo
Ofc baby
If you be mine, I would like to call you "Sayang"..
Best Weekend Ever
As you wind down from the weekend, show gratitude for the actions you took to care for yourself.
Mera crush or
okay baby. a treat for you
We Need Another Collab
Justin Bieber x Chris Brown
you are welcome! I know that you love go to the stadium
and It was a pleasure to wish luck to
happy birthday
Chrissy Does Anal And Squirts All Over Cock!
You even have to do this but thank you I forgive you Papi Nature
Sempreeee xrc
I love so much ace family
the queen of witchcraft
Accountability
Good old blink
I U. If that matters and u see this, be here.
Thank you for the support
13, almost 12 days left
God is everything. My best friend. reminded of his faithfulness daily.
was fun.
To everyone who's hand I shook and awkwardly hi five, it was nice to see you.
missashleysaidso:
I love it when I time things perfectly
a lovely gesture, from a lovely guy some people just know how to let others be happy
just wanna be cleared to twirl so I can twirl with one last time :(((
i gotchu, agree to to disagree miss u buddy
Call me if you ever feeling sad or unloved
Brigada
Flamingo themed followed by a beautiful sunset
Thank you! I it so very much.
See you tomorrow my friend! Have a beautiful night!
I have the cutest family
I love this, thanks
It amazes me how, mistake after mistake my mom never leaves my side
GOAT - Jeevanndham
We want one More Jeevanndham sir
My mother in law & I can just sit and talk for hours about everything I love her like she made me
thank you for everything you do for us, i mean this from the bottom of my heart.
we love you endlessly
Sebelum ditinggal sama kamu. Tium tium aku is a must. Hehe
A LA RADIO MI
And I You
on IG to your born day
VAI SE FODER UAAUSJAHJSBAJSBAJABHA
Always
I the Kardashians work ethic and loyalty to family
Hilarious the gift keeps on giving. She will sabotage her own party love it winning
Eu te amo tanto!
Mood: enamorada de Bradley Cooper y Lady Gaga
Source Launch & Dominate On
Viral-Launch : Best Finder
Get Started
This tweet, "RT BrisKo_313: RT = ROYALE BOMBER CODE
3 WINNERS LEFT
FOLLOW BrisKo_313 &amp; Briskos_Shop
Carol! always one step ahead.
we love you bro
Most launch services promote products
Zonjump : Boost Sales Ranks & Position High.
Get Started
I LOVE THIS
wowee I love you
Bad Mood?
Terr... thank you I love you
Insanely Powerful Software Tools For Sellers
Helium10 : Find High Ranking Keywords & Spy Competitors
This is the nicest comment ever gotten
Yo / Yo Domingo
I neeeeeed this
Promotes Health
Pueraria Mirifica 500mg 100 Capsules
Buy It Now
Actually no it's not
They are the cutest kids! I love their smiles, and the multi-culturalism that shines through.
Mkkkay... You stick with that message,
for a tbh
Get well soon little baby
I
Felicitaciones Boffe
- you are hilarious & beautiful! so surprised friends with me b/c of age difference but so grateful. love you!!
Mis favoritas
Friends forever
guitar, piano, & occasionally write music even though i suck at it.
Sweet
Shout out to my amazing boyfriend who sacrificed his weekend to come and dog sit with me. Forever grateful for you
If you be mine, I would like to call you "Baby"..
Today my little sister said she wants Luis to be her brother. Nothing has ever made me happier
Its not but close thank you sm
Happy Birthday!! Love your new music!! wait for the rest of your cd to come out and to see you in ND Feb 17!!
si les gusta
I eat one. Not because weird but because I them!
hey Alice
for a TBH
We forgive you
Goodnight and sweet dreams, much love to you and the family
when forced & mutual
Minha gatonaa
that so sweet. totally christian
Spread love not hate
This is really hot! Wow!
Bless your heart for this
Our most tweet this week: Proud to be part of int'l effort to support earthquake response w/ help
Go Britney... Circuit of The Americas
Kronovi now streaming Rocket League, go show them some love
Will you love me harder, love me farther than you ever have before
definitivamente
Buy her premium content
too old and ugly power hunger! Go Rick Scott
Amistades chidas/chingonas
Don't apologize for something that makes you happy
.@Oprah I am very grateful for meeting you when I was on your show in 1987. You inspired me to keep speaking
Dream diary igot7 5th
Photobook 480
got7 working eat holiday in jeju
Photobook 480
Minha branca!!
Learning. Growing. Loving this Capoeira thing.
Thank you, chitown_superman for bing there
23:59//00:00
lmfaoo and wheen cus ion want that nasty ass jack im bringing ciroc hoe and I love you more
Good luck boys! Praying for you guys!
I cant wait to be married big goal
happy birthday to the most amazing!!!
To my man who stole my heart
I Love You/Wo Ai Ni
so excited to my mans couple more hours
Love you man keep up the good work on the videos man. Really hope I win
My iconic life partner is the most amazing woman I imagine her not in my life, who else would completely
People said it was meant to be because we look alike already, so welcome to the fam little
Pretty
TAMO JUNTO SEMPRE PRETA
we all still love you man, your a saint for the awareness that you spread about animals
I love you too
Thank you
Stan with the and you're incredible guys... I love you so
love what just happened.
You trained me to be this way! And those are the best words I could ever here from you! so proud to be owned by you
Faw
Love 4 life!
Also being too emotional but life is short and all die someday so remember to tell people you love them
omg so cute im fetus tho im not even a 153cm
stream sweetener stream love yourself answer
luvvvvv
my hart thankyou always
Love it
Love them - Love to win.
Thank you for the chance!
u look ugly if you tried
This weekend was definitely one for the books. I love my family so much and I feel so lucky that I get to call them my family
even if tomorrow is worse, you have me
Never underestimate the power of a love letter!
Well done, Sam! to true love with Cassie & more
That was beautiful
Costly Chsmha bention wala...
Amor!
Good morning, QUEEN
ain eu amo tanto
I'm HOPING to read FOUR books, but as of 7:00p on Sunday, I've only completed two.
Love you
hey i love you
cause i think i might do anything for you if u just let me
Baby girl you are a star happy one year
3. 13 reason Why
2. Stranger Things bc of millie
1. Riverdale bc of come sprouse
Thank you Vic
Dont count the days. Make the days count.
Join SW in celebrating Red Ribbon Week! Oct. 22-26! This week is dedicated to teaching our students about the
attending WATCH the 49th Dove Awards on TBN!
Dream diary igot7 5th
Photobook 480
got7 working eat holiday in jeju
Photobook 460
I promise it is I struggle too with my body cause I feel like my breast sag and I'm chubby :/
Saudades
Cutest cafe! Thank you so much for iced latte!
Last night with
Sunshine, I miss you! Come back to me soon plz
Simplesmente Apaixonante Em breve Minha Filha Mais Nova Vai Chegar
THANK YOU SHAWN, LOVE YOU TO DEATH
Benditos sean
TE AMOOOO JESUS
Want more covers!!!! grabeee huhuh
thank you a million for all your help with my move this weekend. the best there is
Just relax. The best things are about to happen. This year ain't over yet.
T-63 days until all back in CV together
Even as I start my work day, it gives me comfort
"And if they laugh then fuck em all" -Halsey
Bom gosto: Temos! Hahaha
jubaleeg with get_repost
Spending Sunday funday with the fam! It was surprisingly chilled! Blessed
Que throwback
FRONTROW BUSINESS IS OPEN FOR EVERYONE. KAHIT NASA GITNA KA PA NG KARAGATAN
WE DON'T HAVE LIMIT Frontrow
Family Dinner. Mexican food, conversation about dating apps and sex work ethics, and a collaring
So much love for this guy please know that we feel so bad about tonight.. gonna go and cry myself to sleep
goodmorninggg
Looking forward to hanging out with you this week! It's a Hangout Live Stream! Hope to see you...
Pleasure Unrivaled ...
Stunning
She showed me the definition of real love
We Need Another Collab
Justin Bieber x Chris Brown
good off you love TBH
Hearing you sing happy birthday to me hurts but glad I got to spend it with you
had about 4 boyfriends that have written me letters or notes after a fight and I fuckin love it
I love spending my weekends and watching football with Bryce
Te amo
Just as cute as can be
My spooky Haunted Mansion is extra spooky for Halloween
Yes! Time for my favorite Sunday night series
CAMILA HAD THE BEST TWEET OF THE DAY....
Camila-home-happy-family-LOVED.
Home
Amarte es poco
Thank you love
Some family time this weekend! The Cooper Estate
yaaaay
eu amo meu trabalho
Mlr trio nn existeee
I just love random act of kindness wonderful story
so gorgeous
I miss my home!
Tabling at the MFOL Glimmer of Hope Book tour!
Stop by for some free goodies!
This song
Gets me every time. He lived the Micah 6:8 life
QUE HERMOSO Y TIERNO ES LPM
TE AMO MIN YOONGI
Dinda ama tanto !!!!
Anyone need a kicker
I want you, I want it all
With you, Only you
Wishing this dude a happiest birthdaaay! Love u to the moon and back! Have a blast, love!
Malaysian army
Mon coach
How are you? I just want you to know that I love you so much and support you no matter what Hope okay
Brown is good for you
Love you lots
My next trip will be to visit you
same just say when and where and there ;)
Sobre ontem com elas
we still love you, brother nature
You're also very kind
After stream noms.....mmmmm food
Love you soo much I always got
I love my pandora bracelet . it was so thoughtful and unexpected
FOE
Another year and many more to come happy 21st birthday to this beautiful soul I call my best friend/sister I
Um ,
thanks girlll!!
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY HANBIN"
May the joy that you have spread in the past come back to you on this day. Wishing you
THANK YOU SHAWN
all love. Keep that positivity up.
My friend Mary Orth Moss posted think.
I love this idea for a church or even just a family to encourage
live with positivity inside
Wtf I just got 30 new followers I love you guys sm I really do
I gonna cancel you anyway
Trans people
Love to all my trans siblings out there. You are valid. You are seen.
Follow My Friend Has Excellent Content
I am obsessed with facial rollers! Check out this awesome Ice Roller Kit!
7 pounds 11 ounces, same as my daughter
I was not expecting this, BUT THE NEW SONG IS SUCH A BOP, never disappoint tho
All the bestttttt
i miss you so much, space mom. happy birthday.
Goood Morning mahal ko
Absolutely in love wid the
My little lion Indianapolis Zoo
Happy birthday Kingston
beauty that surrounds me is absolutely breathtaking... it is the faces of my children.
(c) Trish Kho
Valentine
This year you're mine ggiovannadlm!
And you, whom will be yours?
Ainda de sexta ,
Im all outta ideas but I DO hope you dont have a hangover in the morning!
Meus nenens
It sure was!!! I love the determined
Showering the beautiful Bride to Be!!
why your so beautiful what are you made of..?
!
GET THE TAG TRENDING!
Dead Ass Tired But My Boy Come First
How about that ALLAHUAKBAR
getting closer. growth... more about this later.
We'll be back
BEAUTIFUL
Fambam.
How old were you when you got with your bf? 16, 2 months before I turned 17 ((:
Black coffee is the holy grail. Glad I found it!
Call me tomorrow sometime pls
Love and support you Cat
We appreciate his talent
Como assim ceis tem twinter e
goodmorning!!!
Twiiiiin
Love that I have my Aunty Stacey and Aunty Bevi here
My dog is all up under me she knows I feel well . My baby
Here is a sneak peak at the uniforms we are shooting for this year. Give us a if you like it! If trying
THANK YOU SHAWN PASS IT ON
deptofstyle2
Follow dpafrica
One of my most fav films Stunt scenes and BGM irreplaceable!!
When you start to think you're missing out on life, remember that beautiful things happen when God says, "it's time". ctto
[pennsylvania]
life.
The ministry of silly walks is my favorite
this is so amazing
In the need of some good conversation
The love I feel when I listen to this album
I'm texting my boo and watching it while eating oatmeal. Much love to you
Thank you Chris
I changed for the better
Goood Morning booo
TE AMOOOO
ONE OF MY FAVORITE HUMANS LOVE YA KEV!!!!
XVII da thay
Have a nice day
what always done.
Please check out her so cool Subscribe and like thank you
goodluck and take care always, ky!
May our aim be true
The more settled I get, the more I love this city
Omg I even notice the pink and thank you so much beautiful as well
Yyiieee road to 1M subscribers
Happy Birthday baby.. Love you
Awhhhh I love her
thats all u need to know!
Lockscreen mais linda
This account is everything
I love my Mama, and my Grandma more then Anybody.
life made
Definitely feel like this was Chyler low-key talking to us fans.
They are only helping themselves lose the race. Vote Red
My baby tcorby80 White Plains, New York
up to no good
Also if you have iets to say, haibo then come on nana do so ko rage molomo ou re fete.
LVING this creative from With a clean, collegiate look and a custom logo, the Lobos
I can always count on to give me the advice i need to hear. know what do without you
wait to see my little love on Tuesday
It's All About What You Decide To Focus On, Isn't It!!!
your happiness is overwhelming
good morning
Congrats
So I just wanna ask if would keep not only him but also his family In your thoughts and prayers thank
Randy caption,sweet
Lol and Almas
My photo book came
Vc merece. Sempre estaremos com ayune
Thanks God, it was a great weekend!! Colombia
This gives me hope...lets hope millions more are fed up with the crap that's in the WH right now...
Dennis Gurley is all this and then some
I hit the lottery not the jackpot
Nothing but love, brother
on IG crew..... last night and then some
At the end of this Sunday night . . . I just gotta confess on how much I love God bro He really my bestfriend
Yes be here too hugs & luv fast fast
Happy birthday love
"If you want more love why don't you say so?" John mais lindo da vida
trade it for nun
thankful for you more and more everyday, happy 10 months
Y el oficial
today is my birthday and I'll be the happiest person if you say happy birthday to me
& every night nd morning he always tell me he love me
Spongebob forever
Yo soy
Kkkkk amo demais
Yes, very much so.
Absolutely!! Tell them like it is!!
You know how to reach me my sister
Starting our 25th Anniversary week with the recipe I made on our first date.
My mom out here bein a mom
Happy birthday beloved to many more years of our friendship
Lo ame
MT bom ler isso
Andddddd my husband im beyond blessed my kids have an awesome father
May 3 na chow chow sa 7th floor. QT QT
happy birthday
I meant everything that I said to you.
today is my birthday and I'll be the happiest person if you say happy birthday to me
10.21.18
It is through love I speak the things that bother you most.
Someday understand
Thank You Lilly
boa noite
"@RachelEReilly: Such a great time packing meals for children and families
My 2019 calendar and my special non-working holidays indicated
american_cowgirl89 and her adorable boys enjoying their BinxBox after bravely getting neutered
.
My little be there for you forever ....
a feel better and appropriately themed hug! going to get through this!
Sreesanth
Baby bought me shoes today!
Good morning beau
May oneday you will be mine
I make a new twitter account for kpop related, looking for kpop mutual
So awesome girl! Way to be a witness
Muito amor sempre, kkkk. Te amo mt
AMAZING THATS WHAT I THOUGHT
Dead inside
Lift them up Trump.
"Top" of the morning to ya
thank youuuu bella
But you got feelings for me boo
hey baby!
I appreciate my parents
Weekend well spent
Shotmates goes to camotes!
The 2 Best Dancers
love you be strong, life can be shit but all turn around one day and be so happy you
Hsjshskshsj thank u so much! I hope it too
Hunka Hunka
Just to 1yr ago I was in having a the BlueLagoon on a
I needed to hear this today.
Still have all of yours
Thank you so much for the kind words! It means a lot to me So happy you are enjoying
This is a truly beautiful thread, thank you so much for sharing it.
You are a fantastic father
Further proof that is the absolute best
LOVE THIS FAMILY SO MUCH
's favorite number is 8 .
Love love
SI A TODO!!!
so proud of you twin
lindinhas iti
life made ps only a part time chap
Precious baby- glad doing good!
This is so adorable
Hmmmm, indo
This is so incredibly heartwarming
You are one of the most kind, generous & entertaining families ever known
My love
Thank you
Grax xd
Thompson can give me head anyday
this is so important . Lord knows give anything to be able to hype my mom up everyday again
Love to see you shine in the night like the diamond you are
Beautiful shot! Gonna think positive and presume she said yes.
Muito meu
Happy monday!! Stay happy, stay blessed, dont stress too much, and let nobody ruin you day/week!
Im overwhelmed by the love
Thank you Ines you're one of a kind
I thought they were Amazing and full of passion.
Of course
These two are ready for movie night.
Period runs in the family
happy birthday brother
It ain't no hate for nobody I dealt wit ina past whether it was a female or patna ... yall be blessed rs
as Dr. Nicky Joe's therapist.
Happy Birthday my girl!
crushing on people
Yoongi just Segway into my
Goood Morning love
Cenando con nuestras madres!
Awww so sweet thank you! That would mean a lot to me
The most beautiful part of the fall! Took this picture in Napa Valley last November
He be making me mad but that's my ACE BOON COON My number 1 best friend my Seed Everything And More Only Reason I'm Alive RN
all good. It was a case of mistaken identity. Thanks for the kind words
this is my new account can you follow
Thank you G for another brand new day
RIP Uncle Tom!
I liked a video Fortnite Moments that make you wanna care for and cherish your homies
Watching NBA Houston Rockets vs LA Clippers Gooooooo ! Houston !
houton for the win
Oct 21,2018
I have two kids now.
Forthcoming:
> fewer tweets
> less sleep
> less patience (see above)
> more gratitude
> more love
Idefix tree hugger
My day 1 I love you Bestfriend
Thank you
- i miss you how college going ? , so pretty pooh
Sometimes holding on means holding back ...let yourself grow...you will thank yourself later
SM City Trece Martires Mallshows
Maraming Salamat Kapuso!!!
At a point in life where I starting to feel like no one deserves me this along with a few other things
BRIDGE FOR LOVE!!!!
The queen herself on the red carpet looking absolutely stunning
Baby trip
Any of my mutuals who are affected by this I want you to know I love you so much and here for you. voice matters
Imagina kkk
Pls come to Laylahair Company now to get the best one for you
100% human remy hair
No tangle, no chemicals
Meu grudinho
hit or i guess they never huh got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
NO MAS LOS TWEETS, LO PROMETO
np i your stuff -- keep on keepin on man! i know you'll find the work youre lookin for
Jace encouraged me to post this yesterday so uwu I present to you: Saiki
This made me smile.
Beautiful President Donald Trump
Wow truly a queen
Omg it finally arrived so happy. Love this so much love from Australia
Have a Nice Day Ama..!!
Build the WALL Build the WALL
on my sleeve and help it
Everyone grows. a part of being human. forgiven on my end
Minha princesa
~ Perfect ending to a great weekend!
You're the best of the life, my life
Texas!!! RED looks good on Texas!
Love love love this billboard-Hope it stays up year round maybe a gofundne page? To help pay for
I hate those moments when you find someone you really like and just realize how late they came into your life
Red Ribbon Week
Thanks legend
My greatest accomplishment is how well I make permiscuios look confident and classy
You bet not panic when it go down
Just a couple more from today
so grateful that Kelly drove 500 miles to go with me today After staying
I love filled with great company and yummy food complain! Stay blessed
Chanchis muakis
Yas and you are hot
forever
aweee love you sis
Tfue now streaming Fortnite, go show them some love
Publicly announcing my best friend and I have made it official.
Gals, encourage our this week!
affirm him. Tell him what he means to you. Send a text.
Love you too, hotdog!!!
Shy glizzy~gimme a hit
Peter & the Starcatcher had an amazing run. Does it have to end? Congrats on an outstanding closing night!
Just wanted to say if reading this, I love you and glad here.
Repost
THE BEST MARRIAGE ADVICE EVERYONE NEEDS
Twenty-five principles to your relationship, that could
Definitely will take care of her like my little sister
THANK YOU SHAWN!!
PASS IT ON
NEW Lanyards!!
$9.00
HURRY BEFORE GONE!!!
so Jill This conversation is making me nostalgic for Peyton
Good morning bebe
soulcity
olha isso
Q COISA MAIS LINDAAAA eu n tenho oq falar desse perfil
So proud of you Josh!! Keep chasing your dreams and working hard
I love you such a personal person and it warms my heart every time I read your tweets about your love for Disney
Tickets are purchased! Nos veremos pronto,
Four words: diamond in the rough.
You guys. Meet Mr. Incredible! This handsome devil is coming home to us in about 10 days and already in
My dad has called me 4 times this week so much to tell in little time but bless his heart i miss him so much
I love my husband so much.
Congratulations
I love YOU!
LORD, I CAN STILL FEEL YOUR LOVE DESPITE ALL THESE STRUGGLES I LOVE YOU
Another GREAT day at the zoo
I never tell you lies to G for that
He still has the guitar i made him! That's so sweet!
Never fail to make me happy everyday Thank you
sou louco por vc baby, te amo
Same with you sweet friendo.
ROTFL You just single handedly made my day!
Itiiiiicoisafofa te love
your smile is all i care about. so happy for you flor, this picture is beautiful
We paying for nails, hair,& eating her pussy 3 times a day in 2019
any chance of picking up since you picked up the rest of the Sunday night lineup? Fans need closure!
& if you ever need me , hesitate to call me
We u and forgive you!
Days like today make me feel at peace and like I have a reason to stay. Mmmh
Love you
Successful baby shower thank u for everyone who showed !!!! Baby Zach is overwhelmed with love and support
Thank you Mrs. Rose!! Miss
dude. you
is so pretty
El mejor youtuber
things changed for the better when you came back into my life
Hey to all my TeamPwnage_Live is now streaming Destiny 2 stop by and show some
i miss you more ! and i miss home so baddddd and love you
Gracias brother good
the ghost!
wait to see you again bisous bisous
I just created my second acct and this surprise me Thank you
Love you bby girl
I describe the way I felt when JT missed that PAT. Surreal.
Ouch hit me in the heart
EU AMO UMA E UMA PERSONAGEM
Thank you to everyone who came out for the candle light .. love you Kizzzy
broken has played on my local station twice in the past three days!!!!! so proud of you boys
Got to have lunch with my husband for 15 mins.
Love you, Steph.
Melodious and so peaceful .. Speechless Idol! Nothing is better than this . I love you verryy much Idol!
Thank you
bff for life except for wednesdays.
I love them forever
They hardly ask for anything but when they do , i never have anything to say
Looking forward to some like this
is an absolutely gorgeous property, nestled in the of
SEE U THERE
ONLY 4 DAYS TO GO! Live in Manila!!!
Cops
Hospital
My family
But first
My big sisters are my world we wait for Mila
i love you all so much please ever hesitate to dm me always be here and i will listen to you
Sociology students, great article that connects with everything have studied this far.
ED by ellen Wildlife Fund Gorilla Tee-Black. Any plans for hoodies with the large Gorilla graphics or V Neck TEEs?
My fam
Thanks hunny I needed that
I given up on you .
Be yourself that the best thing na ka
nothing can't devalue yourself
keep doing what you wanna do.
You wanted the cutest animals on Twitter here you go!! my favourite chocolate Max
Bem menininha
Together. Chelsea, Manhattan
Congratulations Michele Gumabao for making it to the top 15! Still proud of you
I know honey! I can feel you! Would feel the same way like you! I'm sorry
precisely
Yiiee. Behave rko puhon oy HAHA. ily
Music is beautiful
selling a general admission 2 day ticket to camp flog gnaw DM me if you want to buy (-: retweet this pls!!
Be happy
Omggg u noticed me labyu mamsh
Sorry person. I mean it as serious. It was supposed to be a joke. I apologize. its fine
I love this!
Self, continue, you're on ur way now. Thanks God.
enjoy time at home
momoi Iti malia eu explico p vc
- the fact that we on a new chapter we both have new jobs
Cabei..
Ficou boa? Notas de 0 a 10
= Menino Feliz
getting the attention he deserves!!
DONT DO BROTHER NATURE LIKE THIS. ITS OKAY WE LOVE YOU. KEEP BRINGING POSITIVITY INTO THIS WORLD.
& I cleaned the entire house, did laundry & meal prepped with three wild ass kids running around.
You have even had to write this. We stand with you Kelv!! gonna keep doing great things
thank you!!
happy birthday hope it treated you well
The levels of cuteness happening here are unbearable!!!
DONE & DONE
Somebody went without me today..... then sent me pics
Thank you Livvy! love and miss u so much
Today was seriously the best day got to meet my very favorite author on the
assistindo
Actually the needy one, and do anything for you love
Maria
Love, Baby& house Yay
Estas historias me dieron mil mas de vida, chau
what a pretty little maddy girl ps u look so good in red
Appreciation for Alexander Calvert just shot up.
Now that is what I call honest news , many congrats
Love this song
be sad sisteeeer, positive makes positive
Melhor time, A Coach que respeita!!!
Milo Flavored freshly baked pretzel sticks
Though they didn't put enough Milo filling in the
Awwwwww thank you!!! We do it without you!!!
I made you the guitar You inspire me!!
We were so excited that Kimberly Kelley came all the way from Brewer to get in a selfie with us!! great
Lo amo fuerte
Definitely a new phone or a laptop
Te amo
My friends are the absolute best people in the world
sorry for your loss Jenina. My condolences are with you
Love curly
Thanks love!
This Man is fucking goals
This is amazing!
Thank you so much!!!
wait to see my favorite band again
Eut
Listening to it now
We love you that much
2 years ago today I purchased my horse NS Shawnee Hancock. She has brought the joy back to my life. Shawnee
you momma cabbage
De hj!
I wait for album now been a big fan since day 1 I wait for a
Valentine
This year you're mine calebleemusic!
And you, whom will be yours?
now in color
i freaking
I my autographed copy of Two Naomis,
Happy birthday love
Eu amo o DOOOBRO
AMEN!! Keeping you in our thoughts & prayers too John!
Done
Question: do you do Custom mech girls?
Here now enjoying the wonderful city of Ventura! Our favorite place!
Ugh if only that 8 hours away from me. Living in Amarillo TX sucks sometimes but I love you too!
Mi Amor Preciosa
gn Twitter
From the slayer herself thanks Shadia
MINHAS CRIAS
I hope you enjoyed your visit , Pullman loved your company
HAPPY 21 birthday baddie !!! I love you I hope you got drunk drunk today
KKK me abandonou
well-deserved Shane
on IG Stories
Agreed. Nicely done, Lady
I
Vish
Midge
I could agree with this.
te amo neni
Thank you very much! There is definitely no shortage of any of the above! We are picking up where we left off.
Cutest ever
marks first musical memory being from church i felt that
My brothers are such blessings to me & my baby
You looked so happy babe
Human teddy bears
Power couple
yessss
beautiful family have a safe travel back in the philippines
FINAL SHOW!...
Se merece, bb
You bet!! always always here if you need to vent or talk! Love you han
First World Cat Owner Problem
Tag someone who like this Cat VIDEO
.
Follow
Credit to
him!
I lover this track
Cant wait
My mom be waiting for her granddaughter to come visit every Sunday night Ya soy un zero a la izquierda si no tengo la bebe conmigo
happy birthday to this coffee lovin, greys watching GEM of a roommate:) , wait for the years to come.
Demi Lovato wherever at right now just know i still wanna clap them cheeks
Have a
Very lovely
Monday
GoodMorning Roses
I love MP22! I wish he was still rockin' Red and yellow see you in Mexico City
Happy birthday to my best leader!!!
Congrats madir Pam!! Way to go!! Road to 1M na lezgOooooo!
90s Head Bobs Wit My R.I.P Aaliyah
Amo muito
Valentine
This year you're mine JakeWebber9!
And you, whom will be yours?
SU SONRISA ME LLENA DE ALEGRIA
QUIERO VERLO SIEMPRE ASI
so many heros.
4 life
New Best WhatsApp Status Video via
I love
Me sigam
I be showing love I got a hater bone in my body
EXO COMEBACK IS NEAAAAARRRRRRRRRR love
Thank you! Praying for a better day for you too.
Que bonis :')
Hahahahahahahahahhaha obviously byeeeeeeee
Peace and love mothertruckers!!!
Miss you girls!
I Love your dress and the hand otk spanking
Daddy always be like this
the best
Oh no i seen yours lemme have a look
Proud to share a Birthday with Carrie our princess forever
Yesterday has celebrated in Borivali, Mumbai!
I just bought lem0ncak3 a Coffee on Ko-fi!
When I knew you, you were only 22 years old
my idol
Thank you
Thank you
Please stop. You are hurting yourself. Smh
With peace and love bye
Stop arguing with me and read.
Thank you for this. I really needed to see this today.
Ciumentooooo
THANK YOU BABY
how happy ima be when i see you in november
Yes!! I think it's going to be one of the best days of our lives!
Amo mi gorro
Me sigam
amo vc garoto
Oohhh this concept on boystory babies fits them perfectly!
Ea me la va a dedicar mi proximo novio, guarden el twit x2 i'm waiting for you baby
my best friend though & I love him. . .
OMG I just loved this show
morning to all.. Have a wonderful day Ajithians
If any kind folk wanna buy me some "coffee" to start my week off right... You know what to do.
She is a treasure
Happy anniversary to my best friend. Here's to many more years to come
I liked a video Natti Natasha - Quien Sabe [Official Video]
Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise.
Gd Morning All
siempre
My love
OKUUUUR ! my girl! so proud of u bb
happy birthday adik sayang
Those people around you have no idea how lucky they are .
Hey!!
Finally Nayun has the password
We canceling you boo keep prospering
Our leadernim
I cat videos. I always put career first, guess I never found the right guy. It's
Relaxa, no fim tudo da certo showzin
What a remarkable story.
I really miss you too happy birthday btw
so glad I got to spend time w Haley last night
Coming 10/23 !! My design is included in this book of 100 things that make America great!
Me and need 3 for
We need an AR, A flex, and a sub.
Hit my dms
RTs Appreciated
Hey I really enjoyed your new video. I'm sure you'll find this really random & weird but your
Pretty baby!! I love you
a Cubs fan, but my dad is a lifelong Dodgers fan. I want this win for him...and for you.
The best part of my birthday every year
Netflix
CQFM
Top & skirt:
Hair: beauty_worksonline
Fur Coat:
.
.
.
You're so perfect, you're the one I adore
Dream Team henribinje Blind Dragon Los Angeles
Also, friends who love books and Jesus and are happy for each other on Twitter!
Thiss is BRILLIANT YAAA YOUR SONG SELECTION SCENES SELECTION AND COMPILATION, THEIR SYNCHRONISATION IS JUST
She's okay, and that's a wonderful positive! We're very glad to hear that! It's very scary
Love you boy
Nois zika
I love my family so much!
Thx fam
Here for you always
Lamento RS..
Saturday night in Lynden, Washington!
Thanks, for sharing this photo.
Um anjo mesmo
good, hbu?
How awesome! If it holds to WYK standards it will be fun, loud (ish) and extremely memorable
Richard Apollonia
Love this gurl pa rin.
You know I love you
my baby birthday him turned 3 today
Siempre hermosa chef!
Goodnight.
sa lahat ng blinks out there, u can use it hehehe
Sounds amazeballs!
I LOVE YOU GRABE
As someone can hate you, you are an angel, although I do not know you I know you're a super girl
this is it chief
ayune
Minha
They do :) that song caught me I love it too listen to all these haters
CQFM
Top & skirt:
Hair: beauty_worksonline
Fur Coat:
.
.
.
Y eres re hermosa
I love how real and emotional you are
I'm sorry for the loss of your friend. May God bless him and keep him.
we still love you
i hope u get those more often
RIP Love you and joshy both sm
How could a picture hold so much beauty? - Struggle on the Nile (1959)
Hind Rostom, Omar Sharif, Rushdy
I hope your day is better tomorrow bud. Lots of love from everyone!
||: Like to be a main!
happen soon i promise
Forever missing you and miss you everyday until we meet again. Forever love you
Ang kyot!
I really got some cute girls
Some QUEEN love from on her insta today
CPALE results today!!!! God bless Claim it!
Moooooo love
Luv u down bby girl been there thru it all, I appreciate you!!
No ate, thank YOU!
back at you
Good morning
Appreciate all the new follows Make sure to follow my twitch,
Chanu looks so soft here
My queen my everything
meus amores
Kkkkk
Hoping this is the end for you, and healing truly starts!
Balling my eyes out...absolutely beautiful how they took on those 3 kids
Yay! Lately been writing about perfume, especially the long-ago scents I
Vem dia 19
Missouri Sunset
Valentine
This year you're mine BrennenTaylor!
And you, whom will be yours?
Maybe on Tuesday?
youre an amazing and positive person right NOW and thats what matters most. thank you for admitting to ur
a place like to visit? CALIFORNIA
AGAIN
id love to live there tbh
Frio + + Netflix =
I her now~~
congrats on winning the awards for best international group and best social media stars at the
You are the show stoller
Hope everything is alright. Love you loads
Me sigam
The queen looking flawless on the red carpet
i have the baddest friends out there period
nothing but for you .
our leadernim!
.
.
I love you and I hope you feel better soon bby xx
Avacado toast
just not built for SND tournaments I guess. Thanks for the dope stream. Be back tomorrow.
Wakesurfing with a tall boy? I'm in love (Video)
Hoy te amo que nunca
Vlw minha fiel
Love you big brother
Something rose gold, something NEW!
Thank you I needed that
Filhas lindas
most beautiful girl on earth
Bless your little , Republicans need to be paid to
We love you Michelle.
AAAAAAAAAA THIS MAKES MY HEART SUPER HAPPY
This thread
No me faltes
Had a wonderful weekend with my love thanks for always spoiling me !
Hia how was golf today?
New do. Such a handsome little fella
Ayee thank you
te amo
"Never have I ever cried during an episode of ." I am so and
[rpw] hey
Thanks!
Exactly two years ago... A perfect day.
Experiential learning for a 5 year old who wants to help change the tires. You got to teachable moments during
Sdds
throw to season crew they hold a special place in my heart
Best of luck to the Broncos and Lady Broncos competing in Lubbock tomorrow at regional XC! We are proud of you!!!
po thi me faz um bem
Took my girls to their first drive movie theater
This guy is my spirit animal.
Me ama rs
Goodnight loves! Sleep well, I'll catch up with you all tomorrow.
Love you bby
I love my family
hello love! Is this who I think this is?
Look at the sky. Someone is looking at it and thinking of you
happy birthday i guess you sis
Love this
for the love of pets.
She makes me smile!!!
Another year and many more to come happy 21st birthday to this beautiful soul I call my best friend/sister I
If you are not dependable, keep yourself from around me luv
Collect change and return bottles for me You see a penny on the ground? Pick it up then bitch! Every penny
the best part of who I am
Tennessee (13 hour m&g), Michigan (1989), Texas (Super Saturday Night), Illinois (reputation), Ohio (reputation)
Hey how are you doing girl Check out the video that I made tonight on YouTube! a tutorial!
Hope this made anyone watching it smile as much as it made me
Bjos
good luck, love you got this say a prayer before you go, always work for me
amor al
LJNDA
Someone birthday today.. Happy you
ME ENCANTASSSSS
Happy birthday babygirl I love you so much sis
agree to make you happy
Used to be out here like
/\
/
Final Space again.
Cuties
Casa Schuck Boutique Hotel rooftop delux views of downtown
Love you all
Double tap if you like it!
I love it
She's definitely got my undivided attention
Beautiful
Chicago didn't disappoint this weekend
Well this is my fav Heat hat to show my undying loyalty and I got you babe
Making clean the our skin by rich foaming. Our soap can it And give a skin effects from vegetables, fruits, herb
thank you!!!!
Vc merece isso e mt mais
Hey cheer up
This is the sweetest thing ever. Thank you thank you, amor.
Thank you po! God bless!
The second picture is
Back to the future day
Happy Monday
ngl reading comics definitely made me reconsider my thoughts on the MCU. also my comic mutuals are fun to interact with
A little bit of my day
for a tbh/rate
Kitty moth
.@wwwbigbaldhead you were great in this episode (as usual), so proud of you, sending lots of love
They are amazing the Best
Your one of the most important people in my life I love you sm
You already know brudda
I'm so good at this game.
Ily legend
Thanks brother!
Gracias
YASSS It's time for a great show CREAMisLIFE:LiveMe
SEXY AF
I followed. So 5
chiz and heart
UNIDOS POR PRAZOLI
Back next week Thanks for tweeting along.
definitely the MOST annoying sister in the world
Latinas and Black Queens b The Best Fym
About to head into the dm, baby.
Mickey Milkovich appreciation post cuz he's my little Prince
meu amor
I love your header I miss you so much
PRIMEIRA FESTA!!! Lindos demais
Say hi to our happy baby
Actually I have that picture of them, the one on the magazine. pretty big. I got it after the concert I went to last month!
With flowers being the theme in the final challenge, you made the theme belle fleur . Absolutely
Some maternity pics with the love of my life
A star is born
Consequences - ft camilizerlandia
live your life
We started off as close friends.
Please help
If you me, please or for me
is such a dilf Goooooooooosssshhhh daddy
Your emotions rule so, learn to rule your emotions.
We love you Brother Nature
11:11 more new original songs written by and are released soon
This makes me so happy,
Watched less than 30 seconds of the jersey retirement and I was already in tears. so
11:11 I am somehow able to meet both and at once at some point this year
Good Morning Bro
Is that a snake?? the Hershey bars costume though. Glad you had a fun day!!
Want them both!
Hellloooo !! Mermaid pun ada uoollss
DashKit mermaid ONLY RM170 nowww!! (NP : RM250)
What will you
Bless your heart!
I'm glad you guys had a great time!
Thank you my kind boy
I love it
AHHHHH i luv this gurl. she's so photogenic and . bestfriend since nursery pero famous naman hiya yana so
Cooper and Sophie are awesome!!
Ah wn
Yo te amo uwu
Genetics Symposium and the CRISPR Training lectures are Sobrang awesome ng Molecular Genetics
THANK YOU SHAWN PASS IT ON
Lmao thank you
TE AMO CON TODO MI
Waiting patiently. Thank you for gracing me with beautiful music and everything you give
AMEM VEM
What beautiful children. My heart aches for your loss
All Meat Sandwich ...
Fabulous
Sunday mood
With my LPU family at the One more light Festival
Nice thought to end the night on.
obsessed with this butterfly animation - gorgeous!
HERMANAS FERNANDEZ
I love you so much
Aaah baby
VC mh princesa
Eventually it hurt as much. Still found the good in goodbye but so glad happy.
No matter how frustrated or upset I am this guy cheers me right up
SIMMM MANAAAA
+3 com meu
Really enjoyed myself with my family today
linda, fdp
love u emily
sorry cheer you up tomorrow love you here if you need me
Well, ... that's my shorty!
First hot cocoa of the season!
I know. He's adorable. And the little kiss at the end
Paki click yung picture then react .
Thanks. Goodluck bunso Azusa.. I miss you.
eu e ele.
Thank you. I know less about the movie than I did after the trailer, but, Thanks
love my city
AN ANGEL thankyouuu
Spontaneous Disneyland trip with my girlfriend and best friend
Whew.
Sending Congratulations to you and Taj! Much love.
one fake hoe that wasted my time
Eu e o Ariel
Go! Invest in a good product!
also s/o to for looking out today
They're using Yixing's teaser part as a thumbnail.
OT9! OT9! OT9! My babies will be coming back as nine.
TE AMO HAYUN
Awn. bom
really loving Salt Fat Acid Heat so beautiful and joyful and amaaazing looking food
Megan, you're the answer to my prayers too I love you, beautiful.
omg thank you so much
The matchiness!!!!
Birthday dinner for my hubby! Saint Helens Cafe
When teleportation becomes real...and look here to join me to end off my last weekend here!!! Bangkok,
Girl tied up and fucked for first time anal till she cries
Thanks
oh shit you know it
Say "hi" to my latest crush !
Te amo preta
Red red and red
Gracias.
Te quiero mucho.
because love is pure, and purity paves the way for love.
thank you, baby boy JC!!
State fair was amazing with my friend Devin thanks for inviting me love !
U OK ? U can be daredevil sometimes... Ugh!!!
Love you,
Never stop writing.
An Inspiring story. Loved the kids determination to carry on their father's dream.
YAAAAAAAA
my girl gave me a lmao
Uncorrupt Heart of St. Padre Pio at St. Padre Pio National Shrine Santo Tomas Batangas Philippines
such bullshit!!!! I love Stacie Followed her other account
mi Rox desde ya mi favorita
congrats ate pam deserve mo yan :)
Nominated!!!
RT & Like if vote for to save this week.
Whenever Eunji films Hello Counselor, they always put her in the seat nearest to the guest
ESTOY TIRITANDO, sublime, y me hace muy feliz. You have no idea how much I love you:(
about to get cut off from Twitter for the night. So, love try not to burn anything down while gone
Tudo bem anjo
You are one adjustment away from a good mood !
Too precious
Happy Birthday to my first love
True, canada always left behind.. i hope trip can show us some love
Good Morning Stays Today is a special day for the kids, lets support them
Boa noite amores amo vcs!
Just woke up and saw this. Love you Queen
I appreciate this a lot.
I had kbbq last night and they played BIGBANG songs yayy!
I wanna be ur 1 & only
Ima get mine cause we synced
Love making memories w u my queen
You are truly an inspiration!!!! Keep encouraging those minds!!! Love
best friend
Make up tutorial !
Your eyebrows are literally perfect.
Sddssss desse dia
Hey Big Head
Cutie
Dios te bendiga!
ofc
OMG OMG bitch you killed
Me sigam
Nothing you wear is important as your smile
Cr to : nr.asiaa and member yang tolong sapot lighting boek
I believe that everyone has a soulmate
To anyone who created this account thanks for blessing my timeline with God's beautiful creations
Olha esse casal bicho
Looking at amazing Hope your Sunday was amazing as well
i am impress by this edit its a match do watch it its really nicee! lets support her edit
full video
My face says it all! and you can do anything I promise you. I am so proud
I will tryyy
Happiest birthday to the Pari of our industry who is sweetest , cutest and the genuinely Sweet heart
Recreated mine and kyles first date last night!!! Same people and same place
never grouping anyone brother this is about straight media and figures haha you know me. And i
Paws tucked , and snoring away..... must be bed time
Thanks Nick for singing last night!
Kainlove naman
Be strong through these hard times. Ily
So sweet
No Ham, just pussy please
Stunning
I also stand with her, and with you, in our efforts to ensure inclusive, equitable environments for all transgender people.
After so many terms, finally passed this exam
Thank you so much Lord
Thank you din sa support
Beautiful Baby
miss you G! ill see you after awhile!
Maybe I love
take some rest, hun! love you so much xx THANK YOU FOR EVERYTHING ALWAYS
A annie rojas
Watched Only You(was recommended by Netflix today) had & were
text me
your wardrobe is on fabulous, I the outfits for episode 2 of charmed especially
Love my new wrap I got at the Glacier! Moose Creek Company. Soooo soft
Nominated!!!
RT & Like if vote for to save this week.
forever my favorite couple, idc idc idc
the pretty baby!! I love you too
Me sigam
Beauty with brain! Congratulations
Rainha do Brasil
We love you
The hobbit
Got my first two bookings of 2019!!
Madara Uchiha
Dont Mess Up My Tempo
real__pcy
baekhyunee_exo
oohsehun
zkdlin
e_xiu_o
weareone.exo
You never know who you'll run into at Nothing better than family
Minhas bebelzinhas
Three legends in one video
I love my girls and take great pics of them, but they always take pics of me when my
Thank you for all the effort, hard work and dedication you've put into this show and into this club. We love you!
I swear obsessed with my handsome man love has never been more true
love to have one of them there E.V.E. Helmets if you got anymore
ready for something new
Oh! going to load them on my kindle and read them in Kauai.
I had a wonderful day
Me sigam
Awww...love you!
com
I my copy of Two Naomis, but my copy of Naomis Too?!!
True Detective S4: and Wrigley
I love you
Nominated!!!
RT & Like if vote for to save this week.
obg princesa
que beio
mood when this necklace come
Same
Itachi is love
Itachi is life
El tuyo amor
My favorite Italian dish!
Muchas gracias,
Watching "100 Days My Prince" in Korea (but it's a replay of ep 12 hahahha).
Wondeukie That fierce look!
Wishing you a very HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Our lil princess
Cute singer
I !!!
love u bby
Those are great dogs! My Aunt used to have them
So sorry.
ipon iphone ipon iphone
Me sigam
I didn't think I could cry any harder until it showed you, and I cried twice as hard! It was a special moment for sure
Yess, me.. Don't forget that i lobe you so much
Love you too
6 months with my baby today
These two
You do that by just being with her!
DID IT HURT ? WHEN YOU FELL FROM HEAVEN
no everything is good
thank ylu so so much
I missed jass & Chloe so much I was too happy to see them
Karma 4 Color in
My favorite characters
Goodnight guys
Posting some client work tomorrow!
LANDON SEE THIS :)
my baby!!!
Q fds
Hey, I love you see you soon xoxo
107
ya le di rt
So fucking beautiful!
Good Morning.. sending love and light to everyone who may need it..
Itu posenya harus begituu?
Love you too!
You are both so beautiful and kind hearted, best kind of friends right there
They stole my heart
Amen! Thank You, JESUS!
happy birthday papa Uy
Vai se fuder e olha o wpp
Mi Yoko
Debiste ganar siempre una VERDADERA REINA.
Christian and wedding: the mother-son dance to a song I sang to my kids, You Are the Sunshine of My Life.
Gabriel
THIS
EU TE AMO
Sometimes it lasts in love and sometimes it hearts instead
have to worry about
Reassurance that I needed to hear from him
YO LLORANDO Y ELLA FELIZ DE LA VIDA Me hace feliz
everything ever wanted
Seven years without our main man! October 20th marks the day my Dad entered Heaven. My Mom, sisters and I miss
in LOVE LOVE
Thank you
awe!!!
GOD
" In you, is all I need
my breath, my life, my everything"
Seeing thriving and glowing is so wonderful. We love an inspirational king.
Wese agr ap chahti hain to ya in a chance bn skta.
MOrninG GoiZz
Have a Nice Day
all love weeknd
Britney killed it
the slowest person i know she never know going on but i love her so much one of the two people
Wow! Pulling together on that deal to support those kids trying take their dad's product a success.
Thanks for your support!! It's our pleasure
tonight was one of the best shows thank you.
Mr. HandSome
That Twinkle Smile
Gd Mrg My Love
The Best Feeling in the World: To wake up and see You have a text from the one.
Shooting and pumpkin carving!!
Oh I would love this...
.
FIRST LOVE
.
I thought that never would get the moment to see Kimi smiles. Thanks!
And the Birthday week starts of this chlta phrta hottieeeee
The heart-throbe
The guy with amazing
daily reminder that i'm thankful for all of you who support me in doing what i love
been spending a lot of alone time and I actually enjoy it .
RT
lrt karen kilgariff retweeded that and oh my god i feel so validated
I can't wait to see. But I live in Brazil! Just don't forget that i lobe you so much
The goodbyes are not fun but the hellos make it all better again. Until next time my love
EU AMO UMA PERSONAGEM
CAROL RAINHA MORES
Feliz dia a la mujer mas bella del mundo!! te amo
A wonderful friend shared this with me along with her words of encouragement. I am blessed to have such friends
Good morning uncle jee
Are you kidding? This is perfect!
*Gredo shot first*
I love spending all day with my bf
Congrats! wait to read and get into the hands of kids!!
California Gold Rubicon Trailhead
I miss you so much.
Good morning, stream Buwan by Juan Karlos
Basketball starts tomorrow and fkn nervous but do this thang !
Me sigam
will make your race...
Catch an all-new episode TOMORROW night at 8 on
Thanks babe, ily too!
I early MB videos. Chemistry between these two is .
I too
Thankful
Good morning
Have a great day
Movies wit D.Brax
good morning my sunshine
may you have a beautiful day!
Refuse To Lose!!!
Mis domingos con este par
Eternas
Just trying to join the WOAH I Black Women Song :
Oh Hamilton Island, don't go changing on
Love you a lot more
ONLY 10... SPOTS LEFT!!! MASTERPIECE is coming to CARSON
Nude Sip
Listen to this big boy!!
Good morning
Continue to vote
plz
God allowed me to make the right decision in life, that i just seem to ever make. & never been happier .
THANK YOUUUU GURL!!! OMG SO SUPPORTIVE
Congrats
I definitely will! This will make his day
I love when New York gets surreal and poetic. In the same corner gay bars, restaurants, and a religious event
Reposting
even baby is enjoying it
I love you jimin-shi . U have my heart
Great evening at the reception! the new SCAN vision and mission! ...and our new spy friend
Thank you for saying that, just reading this means a lot
no just thankful
Cinemark Botafogo
I love you
Grow the Game
She was gone for 9+ mos so you never know... he could be with daddy...
Deserve mo yan.
Morning
Who knew six flags had beer lol we had to much fun as adults being at six flags
THATS the reason why not that online, because VERY busy but happy i still love and support
Great picture! Miss you all!
Kissing Booth.
Izumi Kia is my cousin. I loooove her so much! >u<
So lil yachty just like my post !! thanks big dawg
This is my fav pic of our whole event. Hands down.
Thank you awesome Duck in the whole Twitter
Me sigam
I will miss you tecik baby. Its hard to resist your love Hope you be fine with new family
me a fool, a silly fool
Goodnight to calum and calum only mwah
cross fingers lol
beautiful u know I love
You got this give up love you angle
Spooky movies & stiff drinks with my best friend , I love this
EL AMOR TODO LO CURA
Hey we have much much more. We post more on ig and Facebook
needyb93: evansmahone: Love is Love Awwwww
Soy mi persona fav !
I really love this 3 boys -OngNielJin
My lovely boys in my favorite color uwu
Tag tag
Nominated!!!
RT & Like if vote for to save this week.
Not just any Doctor ... Super Doctor
Beautiful
It's been a while since i painted my nails ...
I felt a bit human today
I love The University of Alabama with all my heart
It was cute. I was just playing.
official...we Del Mar International World Cup Week!!! But, glad to be going home!
Seriously...you guys just know how much I Gary Harris
Yay!
ure always worth it, babe.
Maganda so far tong kay Mitch Albom.
Literally spent the day in bed with my love on our day off
I these guys. Awesome shows always and super nice too! Probably will see them twice on this tour!
I see the good in you
Ya tengo favorita en
Eternal loves of my life
Celebrating Oct birthdays today. He gets his day, Oct 1st and I get the rest of the month!
I just wanna lock myself in a room and scream out of anger, let out all the anger, and then be ok..
My dog is all I need
Mds, to feliz
me & you both bebe. my everything
I love my man we laugh & kiss all day
181020 BOF
A lot of gods
it is, it!? thank
Wow love you guys so much
I really love my mom more than anything ... like such an insane feeling of just pure love
Wow a little aggressive dont ya think lol. I mean already what im gonna do anyways but damn
Empower the teacher.
Thank you!
It was such a beautiful day for some despite the outcome, still Toyota Stadium
My fierce queen
comes home in like 2 weeks from south korea & so fucking excited
+2 Molequinha
Stop playing with my heart like that I cant wait to listen to your heart
so happy for you bub
The in our lives let us know healing, friends.
I love you T
Amy Winehouse
favorite mama
Let's be mutual
[22/10 00:09] Joyce: Ahh te amo
[22/10 00:09] Joyce:
[22/10 00:12] : Tbm
[22/10 00:12] Joyce:
[22/10 00:12]
AWW.. WWE champion, A.J Styles showing some class..That's phenomenal!!
Sorry not sorry protective over my bestfriends
you & me both! amazing
The Kira highlight on my insta was the best thing I ever did cause such a happiness source for me
Come back when you feel better grantpa grantama
FOR BOOKINGS DM / WHATSAPP ON 9650557758
Update time
.
Lovely
.
Fancy embroidery on nets
.
I love my president
Thinking Of My Grandpa .
Me sigam
Eu me amando
amazing sunshine
Gracias bebita por elegirme.
Watching hill house with the big cousin Bonding time with kass is my fav
I forgive you, Son. Sending love and positivity your way
Equipe Sushi
absolutely precious!
My dolly and I
TE AMO CARALHO
Holy grail
OS INGRESSOS ESGOTADOS ORGULHO
You're beautiful
Beyond my kids having a season change blanket problem currently.
This is a little slice of heaven
This boy is
Remember the Titans
thank you so so much same to you!
Me sigam
Where have you been my panic! at the dicso??? HAHAHAHAHA
THANK YOU SHAWN
Birthday party for my Princess Yesterday
yiieee for the perstaym naging supportive kayoo
+2
the album that started it all. I can't believe I've been an fan for 10 years now it's been an
Four months
Lol thanksss
I FUCKIN LOVE having a dog dude like wow my heart :'( I love my dog so much
This movie is so stunning, so beautiful!
been a week since I met Shawn. Wow.
Omggggg so dope!
( ) .
We miss you.
starwarsonline (get_repost)
omg irene my latinx Queen
I'm in love with the thought of you
Que baita domingo
Shared you should too
So cute
I'm watching! You is such a great show! You smoking a joint is priceless
Theo forever
Me sigam
rachel_g.e brandon3504 Confirmation Secaucus, New Jersey
Muito lindo! bolado rs
AAAA MIS BEBES LOS AMO SON HERMOSOS
Thank You
1st place and grand champs of the day for these ladies
BORA GANHAR SEGUIDORES
DE FAV E RT PRA ESPALHAR
COMENTE PARA INTERAGIR
SEGUE QUEM DEU RT
SDV
bonita serie
Me sigam
sobbing rn, i love you
Happy birthday babe,
thank you so much!
thanks ma love you too !
A new bud called Bachi!
We found them sitting on the bus in The Overgrown Fields!
Looking forward to another great week at ! I my students!
Enjoyed brey && his brothers today! I love this little guys!
Red Ribbon Week 2018 at MCHS starts tomorrow! show our support for a great cause Go Jags!
Yes happy he called back aww he took somebody call so he can see if I was okay I love you my daddy
Chivettes bored at work (27 Photos)
[Ramuda hugs Gentaro]
Ramuda: Eheh~! I loooove Gentaro~!
Gentaro: Yes, yes. The same goes for me.
HHHHEHEHUHEHUEHEDDGD
so blessed with the relationship i have with my boyfriends mom
Me sigam
I definitely need this
Missing a little bit of practice, but representing NFHS XC in Boston
happiest when helped other people be noticed
Preciate It You Bro Love You
watch movies bake cookies and laugh
Baby
Me sigam
I love all Akatsuki
And Itachi is
my favorite
My has made herself known
Muito obg
sorry for your loss. It hurts. I know, be strong Yonnie
Ily imy see you on wed, isang round ulit?
Beautiful Angel
Rt
Q SHOOOOOW, QUE DIVAAAAAAAAAAAAA... OBRIGADA
Happy birthday to my best pal miss you bud thx for always being the life of the party with me ;)
Orbs original and slowed cheadle royal asylum Manchester, off to sleep good night everyone
Never give up buddy!!!
Congrats! so excited for you! the new song you sang tonight too.
I love my human big brother
Nov 16 JAKARTA cant wait
Those who will attend the concert is really damn lucky. Congrats Jennie!! I know you'll do great. Fighting!!
Back at ya love
777- hello thanks for always listening and giving me undivided attention you are loved
Four months
Detective Sonny Carisi
Me sigam
So cute...
I love a cat with balls
yeh, absolutely
didn't make that very clear did I, sorry
realitykings
Lianne La Havas' "What You Won't Do"
annoying asf but I him and no matter what always gonna be close.
Familia
My Amiga is The cutest
needed this tonight, thanks for posting it. sending the exact same message back to you as well though
Membersonly Love
tysm for the money
When Ry was in the NICU I called every hour on the hour and sent my mom to sit with him
Second that Smol Senpai. U are a Senpai Friendo
part 2
i'm looking at you
and my heart loves the view
cause you mean everything
Btw is so SO gorgeous I'm in love
Thanks
MINHA FILHA
Knowing your worth, gotta be the biggest lesson and blessing! nobody tell me different of who I am or
It was my best bday ever.
I am so, so sorry for your loss.
India Lima Oscar Victor Echo Yankee Oscar Uniform
Way to go!
the only rider you need
This
7 and saw again today
Advance 5th Birthday Celebration of Arlyn Vasquez Butlig ang baby kulot kong Mahal Iloveyou Baby, We love
separadas mas sempre juntas Me today at Batman Alley
Por favor, apoyenme dando a este tweet :)
So am I I love you all but me along with Nicole are leaving love you guyssss
We still love Brother Nature
I love it
Thanks Taylommmmm! See you at Apple Cup!
Isso ...
Amo mt esse moleque
Got to spend Homecoming this weekend with my favorite person
be okay
You know me well! LOL
Happy 7yrs Sabbath mahal Francis Espejo I love you celebrating his Sabbath
Thx
Happy Birthday tito!
so excited for my future with Noah
HIIIIIIII ITS US
Thanks hun
Love that pronunciation.
Happy Birthday to my sweetheart
This is amazing love u !
The way He said thanks is the cutest thing
yes my favorite show
I love you too!
Its all love brotha
Estoy muy orgullosa de
I'm very proud of you
is such an amazing and beautiful film. & both deserve every and any
Go my baby jendeuk! Just enjoy the performance and don't let anyone ruin you! We love you
you fake but you still my BFF
When you realize two of your favs and are now teaming with each other!
THIS MAKES ME SO HAPPY!
Congrats love
Hey for the love!
Love ya too
Por cierto amos tus twits
Anything for you intan payong
WOO! WE DID IT!! Thank you all so much for your support! I love you all!
I love this God I love your music sm
The Lake House. Happening. Now.
Waiting to dance with you bae like this
Thank you
happy birthday to a real one much appreciated
Thanks for the adventure! believe our adventures may possibly be over at the end of the year
Omg omg.... my jb
.
.
.
u should work for albanys admissions
In love with ur voice
I totally agreeand I love and of course my favorite
The parents are out on School night
Thank you so much! This means a lot to me.
Even when everything is going wrong, have you thinking everything is going right
Angie in Iowa. I
aw of course baby that was a fuckin minute ago
[] Gay. I accept.
De las mejores
Ya te quiero ver!
The music is whatever but I still hear his voice without crying.
Mi sis de otra madre
Aw thank you
I LOVE NATASHA BRENNER
I hope as cool as her when 96
Por ele
Hell yea. You killed it!
Absolutely beautiful
okay baby, i forgive you
Is it too soon for another Giveaway?
We just did one but I feel like we should celebrate 1000 followers!
Recent photoshoot
Ultra gorgeous actress
Such an important and amazing episode of today
thank you shawn, for everything
hope it works out
rest Vacation in Cebu
Yes, we are living in Bridgewater, NS. I love our new home! The town is lovely and the people are friendly.
What makeup brand are you wearing? Just beautiful as always!!
They're so adorable
Bonita
Craving for more random roadtrips
(Changbin's dad supporting him) hIIIIII DADDDD!
Love blooms in the 1 in 6 Women will be sexually assaulted
Pak rt alay
Sou gay
Sou hetero
Sou feito de amor
Love spending the day with my love
no one said it'll never continue again OOOooooOOOoO
Of course I'd do it for you. I promise
Feeling super blessed with all of the support I've received throughout my collegiate career I love these
A Carlos Rivera
one way to motivate the little ones to go out and vote!
Boa noite
good luck
Ferrovia
onnttwwwwwwwwwww nojinho de vcs
i wish :(
Queen Of Hearts Merchandise available to order now! T-Shirts, Programs, Posters, DVDs. Order cut off date
Sweet ni kuya matti
IT ME!!!! Thank you!!!
Tava fodaaaa
The kids who need the most love will look for it in the most unloving ways..
Definitely watched the last 5 mins through tears. They did an amazing job with this
KAREEM HUNT TO THE END ZONE!!! HIS 3RD TD TONIGHT.
BRF BONNE NUIT PR DE VRAI NEGAN JTE BOUDE but i'm still Negan
part 2 in merch but i might get yours
this is so cuteeee! i love
Friday night
Thank you!!!
Love me these Chiefs
Jordan bought me a frame for my diploma and then hung it up in the living room before I got home what a guy
Few things are better than an evening chat about good with a father, happy to still have his daughter.
i cant wait to see you again, my love
Furdaddy walking the spoiled fur princess...with her new stroller. She it sooo much. No more dirty
gonna be such a bittersweet moment
thank you
Kelly' hair I want box braids but my mom is too busy to braid my hair. *She told me she would braid my hair a
Never had that love back in return
It was a perfect little ball
Thank you
.
howdy. i am the sheriff. Your under arrest
es!
Thank you
Yu made me feel that feeling I never thought feel
You know i live for the Lexus freestyles!
I Nashville but my been delayed until after midnight & all keeping me going is catching up
If this guy likes you, he will remember you. If he like you, worry about it someone else will.
kind of keeps me
I liked a video Fortnite Moments that make you wanna care for and cherish your homies
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Awww. Thank you sweet baby of mine. I love you.
Siquijor vibes
Good Mrng Akka
Congratulations!!
Seeing and for the first time ever with tonight in Los Angeles
Meu tudo
This club
keep shining girl
please post from
Dddmmmmsssss
Congratulations! You truly deserve happiness!
this combo. Perfect!
Thank you! He has! We got married this summer. I hope the same for you
Another one of favorite songs!!! I how he looks up to Garth and his music, as I have my entire
Your HEART is much
greater than your
Flaws ( Imperfections)
...and May today let your
Heart make Yu
MAGANDANG UMAGA ISTILA LABYU MARES
WOHOO GRABE THANK YOU LORD WORTH IT LAHAT NG SACRIFICES NAMIN
O RESTO FODA-SE
ok. been awhile. I got comfortable and knew better. Thanks sister
Today's cuteness
Such a fun night. Always is with the fam
I am so happy you had fun. wtfffffffffffffffffff. never getting tired saying this.
buena semana
RED
FB / RT
Ahhhhh!!! It happened!!
THANK YOU SHAWN
Claro
Baby just stay the night
Woke up to a W yay
like , Comment and tag friends Follow: _ufcnews_ Credit: ufc days.
Gracias Bebeto
De anos
I you even if you have a wife.
we need u back in the music! Where u at girl?
re follow you ily and thank you for speaking up about a much triggering topic, and bringing light to the victims.
Yay! Its first Canadian appearance that I know of!!!
no problem at all, luv!! honestly im really glad i could be of help in some way
its so
I love my girls and take great pics of them, but they take
Happy birthday leader ikon
Domigouu
Congratulations!!
Are you open to giving and receiving love? Love always finds a way...
This kid loves her! I feel you bro, i love her too - I really felt that... My mans was dead ass though. He wild funny
Thank you. We weren't super close or anything but it's a huge shock and I feel so bad for my aunt and uncle.
Not to brag... but I have the most amazing & caring man in my life I'm truly blessed
Got it. I'm going to try it. Thanks girl
Maybe we can name fromis_9 lightstick as love bong
I feel loved s/o to my nigga Ce
for a tbh
I only have Harley and my family and good
No necesito nada
THANK YOU SHAWN ! PASS IT ON
Lovvvveed youuuu! Thank you for being a part of my day, even halfway across the county
I have always loved the Chiefs, but this year more powerful than that. This year the Chiefs love the Chiefs.
"Parang siyang Hollywood film. Nakakainggit..." Coco, Gerald, Zanjoe, Richard, Sarah react to
Buddy An existing product with satisfied customers
Congrats to your new business we are so proud of you
Upendi
happy birthday to the beautiful
Thank you Ali, this means a lot. Stay blessed
Good Morning TLV Tel Aviv, Israel
make sure she has all the fun in the world!
iluvyou sm, one of my closest friends fr
I doan gotta you, I done know you gine see sweet girl
For all the Krazy Kats out there.
Tq but sure my badminton is top 10% here huhu
i love these people
I got good news. Maybe right about the Curfew, go out and have a small dinner.
Thank you baby
Vincent & I carved our first pumpkin not bad for our 1st time lol
JUST ME & MY DAWGS
Anyone can feel free to send me one of these!!!
Selamat Hari Santri
Te amo mi hard working man
and RT
Big boy Season Time to cuddle up with a real teddy bear
Ch1nchillaKilla now streaming Call of Duty: Black Ops 4, go show them some love
Miss you too
Thank you sis, you do too
NO SANGUE AAAA
I Miss Em Wen He Gone Like Where My G At My
I hope OC Eric Bieniemy gets the same kind of from GMs and owners that Matt Nagy and Doug Pederson
I scary movies but I think making a big mistake watching haunting of hill house alone and at
Que bonitooooooo
Everchosen Invitational Appreciation Thread
Babeeee pls follow them please!
Amigas son la cura para todas las tristezas.
Mejores quesadillas
a strong woman of color who made it for herself in the roblox designer community. One of my
JOE BLAKE! this show is soo amazing!
I. Am. Proud of you.
for being part of this family
Bbw
Rest Day!!!!
the sweetest!
Repost. Ignore the background. I really liked this dress
Haha glad heeheee trying to figure out Isayama thinking is hard for sure, than man is
Lemurs and bird friends at the aquarium
Fam
One of the best nights of my life, without a doubt. Thank you guys
Nights
Happy happy birthday!
Eu te amo,
Thanks Doug! I got you too!
it! Yay! Well Deserved
Kareem Hunt is the fucking man!!
Ayieeee, maid of honor ko
Love you!!! so glad we were able to share it, even just a tiny bit!
I'm having a rough night could anyone who reads this tweet reply with pictures or gifs of haechan? Thanks
Gapapa one anf only
Me sigam
No te afanes
New Jersey
My Peruvian brothers are out here just killing it in the
Jennie stay strong We always Protect U
Hands down. Number 1 movie of my life, which is hard cause I do love alot of movies
Titanic mu number 1 always
Ooow tbm amo tu praga
Taking his time to meet us
Hey. You do well, okay? You do beter than actual english speakers
You do anything but love us and we love you forever
Damn I
Chalcedon Lavender
Colour Light Purple
Lustre Very Excellent
Transparent
Origin
Me sigam
My grandad is such a sweetheart
Happy birthday to our beloved leader IKON Kim Hanbin
You always make us proud
Appreciation Thread. Miss you fireball.
you're annoying but unfortunately I can't stop loving you
Always Stunning!
Akong cutie nga anak
Happy Birthday To You
I hope you are happy every day
Nss q fofins
I love you. I be more thankful for you
Also even when Louis is sad he puts his fans above his emotions...he is so sweet.
Te amoo
I love you too
Thank you We need to plan a get together .... the video of her test is spectacular!
Neneng nene
Hope everything is okay Keep strong
Okay!!! ! Fighting!!
so many good things coming for me & mines
The Rosa Parks episode of Doctor Who was brilliant & powerful. Please give it a watch!
You would be happy to know that your absolutely beautiful but you should already know that because totally true
Noisss
Alhamdulillah I made it & finally its my big day
-
Batik & Traditional inspiration for my graduation day
A queers last homecoming
onceislandbway delicia !
Melhor casal
Dois em um....
Doesnt have to be fake
Buenas noches
Strippers I love em always show love
spent the whole weekend with bbg and i couldnt ask for more loved the quality time spent! HEHE SEE U AGAIN THIS TUESDAY
Love is not a game you choose to play, it's a commitment you choose to prioritize
-Yours Truly
You are also very welcome, Ranna. Awesome!! I'm extremely happy it was!
KSKSKSLS I LOVE U MORE
I doubt win the Lottery, or even a Bingo Game but I seriously lucked out and won the Girlfriend lottery.
Me sigam
KKKKKKKK
Always believe in faith , hope and love even in the face of hate
You are precious baby
Our sweetie
.
.
.
.
Photo by Emily Chabot Photography.
are ao talented Love you so much! Check it out!
Juntos
Daily perfect to me and I love you tweet.
Mymorning
Congratulations
For Reaching 100K Followers In Twitter!
Me sigam
Sobre ter amado esta foto
Mine too
Why babe? I love you
Thank you for always working hard on producing music and working hard to satisfy us
LOVE YOU ALWAYS
yong
Hahahaha! This is great
Thank you!
Eternamente
I liked a video Fortnite Moments that make you wanna care for and cherish your homies
the cutest thing everrr sml
Our 3rd Son We love You! Momma Bev is SO proud
Me sigam
Love healthy living? Me too - I With over 20,00 carefully-selected, quality health products,
I will not b up at 12 but I wanna say happy birthday to my dawg 4 life my libra partner
This... me and my baby are back together years later even more in love than the first time
Miss you! Hope coping and looking after yourself
You do not appear in my mentions but I love you, thank you for being a real fan.
Thank you, it really was amazing!
always here for u hannah i love u
Me sigam
Dorme melhor
amazing. Watch Matchstick Men then Moon
I also liked Jake tie but Gillum won hands down.
I love you!!! And i'm so happy for you chat kita then pag free tyo both, vidcall hahaha
My sister's little kitten loves me and it makes me happy cause now I got a cuddle buddy
sorry but do look alike.
Both are super cute too!
Thanks for your kind words
Beautiful in white
cual 7 es mejor ?
Awww
Thank you
so blessed to have Sophie in my life omg :,)
Hang in there!
follow me
thank you so much love
Me sigam
~
tamamoebot
hi i love namjoon
So much cuteness
Little babys uwu
Eu amo demais esse filme
Thank you for always stopping (even in a hurry) to take pictures with fans! and also for making incredible music!
hearing my mom call my brother a loser really makes my heart feel warm
Everybody came out & showed so much love and been getting gifts since Thursday. lol
My heart
ignore the hate and just do you
JYP Nation!! Excited for Stray Kids comeback!!!
awww te quiero bb
This was AmazingI his quote is found in the fight and the Suffering not in the Victory
EVENT 2
Appreciate voice and talent
Tag a friend who needs this today.
FOLLOW
VIA
Awww! You so deserve to have that happen to you!
R.I.P. mike nasty. You were a a great soul.
Indonesia loves our boy Kim Hanbin
Por favor a
My heart is so happy
Please follow me!
AYYYYYYH QUE SOM LINDAS Y TIERNAS WEON, TE LO TENIAS RE MERECIDO
This deserves a from and
We love a king that owns up to his mistakes
Morning
My happiness
He is like child
real__pcy
weareone.exo
God knows best for me & I trust him
Senior in college where did the time go .... love you more than you will ever know.
When I was a kid I thought was amazing
Sorry Nick and Kevin, but Joe always be the best
I adore you
the best father our daughters ever had seriously so lucky to have you.
Te amo
Thanks Kat! Always!
7 years ago we released debut album, Forever So
Yessssss! SO PRETTY
I love you always here to talk court, keep your head up
Please follow me!
Miss you too, bud. not but I will be soon.
That sigh at the end...
they but stay strong and pray miss a day praying neither it will get better
thank you :)
HERMOSA AMO A MICHAEL JACKSON
So beautiful my love
My love for you will never fade.
The feelings I have inside get
Aw I love that
Nite lovelies
- Lebians in the rain with sophie dee!
Yas can't wait
Com os melhores
Congratulations!!!!!!! You deserve it
I just want to say HAPPY EARLY BIRTHDAY TO I say it now because I know be to busy tomorrow love you! And turn tf up!
Bem menininha mesmo
Follow me ily
humans will never know happiness quite as pure as this
Alright Yaya! Proud of you bby!
thank
and a hell cum to you too
Girl these bitches are NOT worth it they know you the one lol
Thank you Kihyun for coming into monbebes life
On the other hand: going to be in NYC Nov 4-6.
gonna go to book event
Congrats Wormy
Blessing your Monday
Me sigam
pretend rubbing them for you
Cute
GOT7
I really love that song! Yayyyy
Iloveyou iloveyoutoo yieeeee
Brave girl standing alone against cruelty
Awe big boy! So handsome!
Omg yassssssss Sheck and I are proud
Brown sugar
com
PODE
Please follow me!
one of my all time favorite song
You did amazing and you looked gorgeous! thank you for coming to Austin!!!
Thank you guys for 2.3k
Love healthy living? Me too - I With over 20,00 carefully-selected, quality health products,
this! I do this lesson with my students too..... Before you speak, think and be smart. hard to fix a
I love carrying on holiday family traditions with Tyler and making new traditions together
Valentine
This year you're mine wnttlizz!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
That's mah girl
Goodmorning
Woahhh Exo-L love
Congrats agad Yadah!
Thank you bby
goodmorning!!!
Please follow me!
ult interaction
I u
episode on West Texas has been eye-opening. I this show & I SO miss
thank u bby
see how handsome he is ????
its your concert tonight & i cant be there & its my birthday today pls wish me i love u
im in love
Un abrazo sincero.
My favorite thing in the entire world is being a mother
Sempre
AAAA, Eres The Best
What a scumbag, well wishes to you and the family
I miss you
If I could thank my grandma for anything it would be for my pretty eyes o love how they are green and grayish blue so pretty
We survived! Thank you guys for inviting me, I had a blast last night Indiana Fear Farm
Chicken Salad with Bang Bang Ji dressing
_____
The above-mentioned soliditary dish is included in the ongoing
Bless your heart.
Owww, love you tons
Set the sun pls
Awww Kuhn ~ kuhngyeol ship is alive
Love you more
THEM
. [21-10-18]
ig stories
that's my man
Had a sweet friend share this earlier. Great reminder! Have a great week friends! XOXO
Thank you for the candle,
thinking of because having a mariah marathon
I had a fun filled weekend with people who matter the most
It's so great to hear you enjoyed your DISH service, SK! We'd love to welcome you back to our DISH Family in the future!! -JM
I love you moooore
How am I supposed to focus on homework with this game right now GO CHIEFS
be waiting patiently
Like if you fuck with redheads If you fuck with Maud suicidegirls
La cara Ajsjsjsjsjs
Te Amo
thanks sweets love ya lots! come visit again soon
together 4ever
Dominguinho
I wrote a recap of our amazing time at this weekend
Together with you
most at home in his arms.
I wait to carve pumpkins with my baby
The Toys, Lalaloy
I did my baby boys hair today he was so happy
Siempre voy a amar las con mi hermano
too kind , thank you
2016 & 2018
Te amo infinitamente
Thank you Love you toooo!
Birthday girl
Aww thank u sis Ily but I think I recovered. It was just too emotional for a person who happens
I love how supportive yall always are of each other.
Nice shout out to & in there
CASA GRANDE SENZALA
Apenas.
The Chiefs are having a wild night! see this score?!
This is what I like to see! Thank you
Goodnight. I love her and
Thank you
Those 3am deep coversations of us
Oh I was inspired by Code geass lol. But thank you
Sending you and lots of love, today and always
Hocus Pocus is my favorite Halloween movie
Haaaa
I so agree. Sending you hugs
flores para minha flor
sending you so much love
We all make mistakes, we are all still learning. You have family and friends who LOVE you and always will Head
meu
Thank you so much
Blessings your morning
building my relationship with my dad & I love it.
Nothing makes me happier than the sound of an acoustic guitar
My girl get in my last nerve but still all me
Thanks for the heads-up! A sweet baby pic is just what I needed right now.
shower then bed. Good night
Please follow me!
is now live
happy birthday hope you have a good case of the mondays tomorrow !
This is why you're my favorite.
Dona de todo meu amor
This is so true.
To the person who is one of my reasons to live and is my inspiration, Happy birthday to you I wish you all the
My idea of a perfect Sunday is picking persimmons with my husband
Who's girlfriend is this cute?? MINE
And she pulled him in so close extending that embrace
Ambos
I love you, saw 2012 so obviously someone trying to bring you down if they had the time. Brother nature forever
Got *your* back. And the backs of all trans*/nb people.
Allies, stand by to assist as asked/needed!
to you, my friend.
Tu tbm pd contar smp cmg Dudinha!!
I love to be weird
Love her! What an inspiration!
Thankyou ra!!
Wooow. Office manager.
Miss you din ate. See you soonest.
When you change your mindset, your whole mindset changes.
Hey you
Siempre voy a amar las con mi hermano
Ed sheeran
Awww I wish I can send you a lot of chicken to my crush.
Happy birthday my love!!!
For everyone that checked on me, thank you. Lord knows I appreciate that so much.
happy birthday i hope your day was as great as you are!! love you
Bakari Jr my whole when i say my baby boy is handsome
Hope you come to Australia one day! Loveeee the album
Thank you dabz
HAPPY ONE YEAR ANNIVERSARY TO ME WALKING OUT OF
hehehehehehe te amo meu amor
Delaney really has the best God parents and God sister ever
Happy be looking good on me nshit
My little one is my everything; I love you so much
Anna old pic at Raja's marriage
Support and follow us
Kaali Dfc-Dharmapuri
Love healthy living? Me too - I With over 20,00 carefully-selected, quality health products,
essa mulher
We got your back, Chaz!
thanks leek but you even hmu lol fu
I hope dudes like you are waking up.
Love these Cat Eye sunglasses. These are a golden pink shade, and they have allergy free silicone
Hey everyone!! We are uploading a photoshoot GRWM soon! Be sure following my youtube account!
I love you baby
I that song - come to Chicago Scott!
Finally having a much needed round table
is being made on our under the Trump administration
Me sigam
A fraction of the whole family
My dear college and our principal
Muito linda
so lucky! love
we love you so much tora
Sending good vibes and positivity to you and your sweet baby. And thank you to your husband for this service.
Happy birthday
Stream stream Stream 100 million views LOVES
Thanks yo
Shes so perfect
U.U
This is my favorite thing I have read all year!!
falsinho
44 here! I it!
Me sigam
Interceptions and erythang
Well hello there babe.
I love this idea! Thank you, you're amazing!
Bentley Bentayga =
AWESOME!
in my thoughts, woman.
Rt for a dm
Last night my nudes are on sale
Dm me for prices
He was 12, leave him alone
WaheGuru
A R T E
Foto mais linda
If it for Naya and Diana I be sane anymore
Once a Solomon, always a Solomon. We love you cher Boy!! I love you all
*incomplete*
Davizinho
Happy 4th birthday to Janice.
Wish you have a wonderful birthday.
Thank you daddy & mummy.
Me sigam
"You are music to my eyes "
Yay! Going to eat, watch and sleep all day
thx for the list love
I love this!
Te amo thay, obrigada por tudo
yes, they are.
hey... you're travelling right? nvrmind, wherever you're going today, safe travelling. Take care and be careful... Love you.
thanks teozinho
hi love u bae
DAY 1 of something newwww baby. All for my little family
Great game today!!!
Love is watching you play the piano.
pray for youu little sisterrr
THANK YOU, LORD.
Oracio bought me some pumpkin shaped
Aww i love that song
Nice work!
this is
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE ONE AND ONLY always been an inspiration to me thank you for your hard work love
03.24am talk when I wake up
It's been just brilliant out lately. We like it. Town of Conconully
Justin Timberlake's "Let The Groove Get In"
I just want the best for all my friends
A Star is Born Utterly Amazing
(nsm le score du prochain classico)
Monday music sets the mood Anderson Paak
Drunk on love...,
HAS AMADO A UNA MUJER? en (Bryan Adams) Poema
happy birthday to one of the most important people in my life my world would be so different without you in
And you are the most beautiful wife, woman and mother I know
Love this one, one of my all time favorites!
All we need is love ...
Warms my Wolfpack heart!
Sunday
THANK U SHAWN!! PASS IT ON
THANK YOU SHAWN PASS IT ON
THIS IS THE LAST TIME I LET CHOOSE MY FANTASY QB. u
my twin
Roflmao love you Son.
I Rube
Thanks so much for the swag. I love it. Appreciate your
always loved Mac Miller and that will not change
can't relate my boo posted me every minute of our trip
and home really is that song
so pretty
Fam Dinner (@ Rocca Restaurant - in Burlingame, CA)
Goodmorning!!
thank you thank you
Does anyone in Birmingham know where I can go to get hijabs/Islamic clothing in brum that gonna break the bank
ily fluff, I just got on for a bit to stream a match for a buddy but start streaming more often hopefully lol
most welcome Suresh, there is a reason why the Suresh works on you well hehe May God bless you always
the actual cutest !!! mwuah
BEAUTIFUL GIRLSSSS ALL OVA THE WORLDDDD
But down to get drunk with you homie
WOAH THERE. INTERCEPTION THEN TD BY PARKER. EVERYTHING HAPPENED TOO FAST.
Cory is one of the kindest people I know....and his brother too shabby either. Well said Kellen. Love you.
Listening to - When A Man Loves A Woman by Percy Sledge
THANK YOU SHAWN FOR EVERYTHING YOU DO WE LOVE YOU pass it on
Many birthdays and Tomahawks at Cocotte! Thank you all for coming!
Want to
.... and with the kids ! Kudos to you and your family. setting such a great example.
I appreciate the genuine people in my life rn
It will be legendary !
pretend i'm moaning into your ear
is so talented I cried during this song :) check her open mic at starbs
Home
Awww Tev. Tevyyyyy. The Tevster.
Showing love and support to all trans people
No longer available for people who fuck with me when they want or on their time good love enjoy
Good night to my boyfriend Noah fence I love u boo
That is definitely you girl thank you sm !
*para todas as pessoas intensas*
My only goal in life is to become a wealthy and successful house-husband.
Tnx for helping me achieve my goals
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Jordan blessed to be your uncle
Ared GN Free Gango
I'm so proud of Elton
thanks blaze!! you are the best
Ey baby you are very strong you know
Lindas
Keep your head up my loves sending love and encouragement your way....hugs
a-mermaids-footprint: chrissongzzz: This Needs Endless Reblog. Merch Beautiful
I wholeheartedly believe this
Teaser Updated Views Have Crossed 20 Million Views And Trending At In Youtube India
praying for her
rest easy bud
I am me I am me I am loved by me
Happy 6th birthday to Hannah.
Wish you have a wonderful birthday.
Thank you daddy & mummy.
More so thinking about the journey. Thank you for being here.
okay I still support u
Nicest thing said to me in awhile
Thanks for stopping by the stream!!
Your always welcome!
Follow everyone who like this tweet.
I just want to hug shawn, but I also want him to be as far away from fans as he can right now. aaliyah, pls give him a hug for me.
knows what you conceal and what you -- The Quran
it took me a long time girl.. you know that.. :( trust me gorgeous, you deserve to be happy. love you
Brother Nature.
Wish I was there!
this weather
This is so important! honestly the best, we love you! so sorry for what happened today
Love god and live hate him and die never give up
Te amo
- I drove past yo crib earlier n seen yo car n it brought back them old baseball days miss you shawtz
TAVA LINDA HOJE AMAS OBG
RT soy_beks: SuavesLomitos
PEAR!!!!! thank you so much hehe I was shocked too when I knew I'm sharing the same birthday as BI hehe
RT soy_beks: SuavesLomitos
thank you so so much!
Shawn doesn't deserve nothing but happiness
Thank you so much and yes I definitely needed them to get
thank you so much! You just made my day!!
Watching football with my man is my favorite part of the weekend as long as were winning
That Dog Tho!
Bello ser
Dylan Manuel
Good night and sweet dreams
I hate the but I love you You come through for me every week
TBM te amo
can't wait!!!
I our Offense but a pick and a score by The Deffense is quiet special
Wow! She is beautiful!
Thank you Reagan :) I love you
Meu
HAPPY BIRTHDAY HANBIN AH One of the best leaders in kpop pls rest well and dont overwork yourself :) ikonics
When a girl gets out of school early ...
Beautiful
High on ketamines
[21/10 23:22] Pamis : Sdd
[21/10 23:22] Pamis : Quando vai pagar o lanche ?
[21/10 23:23] Erick : To com sdds
Nag-gained supeeeer ug weight si ate plus nagblooming!! Ready nadaw sya magkababy utro yeeee
Soy feliz con tan poco
to an amazing and talented man who fights for his and his groups rights all these years
Hmmm idk pretty sure God mind me dating an angel
sempre.
I'm happy you're happy Mia .. you deserve it and more
OMFG QUEENS I HAVE WATCHED IT AND I CRIED. LOVE YOU
i love you
Cuddles with my best friend
i hppe you will feel better soon.
I liked a video EURO TRUCK SIMULADOR 2 MAP EAA
Altamount Road
Sundays wt My BooBoo. Food trip as usual.
amber
Thanks Beth
Billiant idea SM.. They mess up my heart
Facts
I cannot believe my little Vivienne has turned 2 today! grown so much, love her forever.
I rather spend all special days with you
ai
Not a question but thank you for everything you do sending love your way
Serenata en las alturas R.
My inspiration. Happy Birthday Diana!
Good morning.
sooo happy to see you back on my tl! hope all is well
Baby null-ghost!
.@Alyssa_Milano I just wanted to share my Sunday drawing with you and thank you for ALL you do
Adorbzzz!!! So happy for you Yans!!!!
sending all the to u ... keep calm and just enjoy
Yes let them know friend thank you
What is the name of the 5th album? P.S I love you!
Aww I feel you love, your beauty is only outweighed by your heart
How does it feel?
To be a big deal
help how I feel
Our love is real
Pshh such a dud thanks tho
keepingupwiththeoc is updated a little for today
[HQ] 150328
Ahhhhh I just finished uploading my first video on YouTube go show some love! the link is in my bio.
thought be there thru thick and thin...
Thank you! <3
Was able to go to these places too hihihi
hey I like... kinda love you... hehhehe
Just know it mommy and son against the world I promise I will raise this lil guy to but the king I know he is
1. Sexuality? Bisexual Nah Fr I'm Straight Like A Line
2. First Love? Don't Have One
3. School? Aggie
4.
Good luck to everyone
6 years ago today
Thanks friend
Meus
Lmao but we are one big online family.
mi amor
My first SHINee and f(x) ship was actually Taemin x Krystal hehe
wow, when he supports your ham choi ass.. a real
appreciate the inclusion alongside the big names!
I'd argue the Western companies operating the
i love u my darling sweetie i hope ur night turns around i love u too anon thank u for that
No matter what keep your head up life is so precious
so I can tell you how I feel about
Me and my girl when to a pumpkin watch this weekend look how beautiful she looks
He really appreciates his fans!
Just sitting here, trying to read a book... And she wants to snuggle.
Te amoo
Me sigam
Really hoping my niece makes her arrival tomorrow come on Austyn Brielle
Yesssss great idea
thankyou for doing ga! may god bless you
You really snapped snapped like it was nothing so effortless. Go OFF SIS
Alhamdulilah for everything man not a lot of ppl got what I got
HEY all my trans pals!
i know today's been shit,
but i fucking love you, okay?
I love them
I legit love Kelvin with all ma heart
I love Korean manhwa.
Me sigam
honestly the other way around, lucky to have the two of you
It's all your decision... Your choices
You pick.. that is called GRACE
=
HAPPY BIRTHDAY NDER, WYATB
You picked the whole outfit out.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Te amo meu chatooo
and I have full conversations back and forth all in The Office GIFs.... safe to say a keeper
gotta break it to ya, shawn have to meet people and we should be lucky that he does it so please respect him
Te amo
hello, love
Minhas meninas
I'm Happy
God is always on time
And she pulled him in so close to prolong that embrace
the energy
Mis amores
Trump approval jumps ahead of midterm approval rating:
I love our amazing President Trump !
LOS AMO MUCHO
And here she is, sailing on to her forever home
Pretty boyz
baby Mahomes fan!
This is beautiful
I think u r thank u bby
I love you guys!
LOS AMOOOO!
Found some beauty in the corn maze. Love you honey!
seeing my baby on wednesday
This season is so so good. I adore the Doctor & her companions!
Thank you for the meal
Pretty little liars*
Right back at you Kelly!
for impacting me so positively and putting a smile on my face, love you forever and see you again next year
Daqui a pouco tem filme com a Nina na Globo
Let's be Cops
Thank you for the journey so far!!
Amy
Last night ant know that i was being brought to evans, as soon as he saw me he got the biggest smile i
Goodnight. I love you all. You are never alone
Linda
Thank you smyth
NEF 18
First step. Gawin na yung susunod na step.
Five more days til I get to see my bae
love you gelinho
goodmorning
Ah Jesus como eu te amo
AAAAAAAAAA JIMIN EU NAO ESTAVA PREPARADA SOCORRO TE AMO MUITO AAAAAAAAAAAA
She is s beautiful ride
Cute cute cute
LOS AMO
Yes
Love that furry armpits
I stan these seven dorks
I LOVE YOU BABIES
209
Because you are alive, everything is possible. - Thich Nhat Hanh
LOVE YOU MORE
love you babies
Maybe tomorrow she should skip school all together ....
Gorgeous
Leyendas
Me sigam
GRACIAS POR TANTO
A King. forgiven darling , ily
I Love You
I love you
have a nice day ka
Miss chooooo
ressuscitando the walking dead
His and hers matching shoes ima hustling bitch
discovering the artwork of Dutch artist Hannah Streefkerk. Childhood experiences with textiles & handwork
I love you my baby
That's cute
+ =
&
and are so sexy!
Requested
BOLIVIA SE VEN MUY HERMOSOS
watchin infinity war. like a pirate had a baby with an angel
this book! I read to to Grade 5s as well
Nmms y encima me comentas te amo wey
OMG, i love you
My two beautiful boys glad both feeling better
Probably my most favorite part about my life is how well cody and I balance friends and each other!
for making me smile after I had a bad day
I get to wear these thicc clothes
I have never been more heartbroken in my life. Keeping everyone at home in my prayers
So the fair coming Thursday I will be there
Baby boy rocks the blue hair
Both my little babies look so good.
Rest well my loves.
The morning of every death, October 22nd 20gayteen
Seriously so proud of my baby
I just finished the TV show I've been watching for 2 months, and now my life is meaningless
Sunday brunch with a couple of Nevada City girls in Seattle
Happy Birthday Izzie Bob Pearl May Sue Love you brother
Love you both take care rest well
LOS AMO LOS AMO LOS AMO LOS AMO MUCHO MUCHO MUCHO
Congrats ate Peach!
Your hair
Why do you like them so much? Because they're more than just my friends...they're like family to me
Jimin i love you have a rest you worked hard andd thank you
thank you!!
nigga will ever love you like I love
My family! Lake Woodlands
it means the world to us, thank you i love you!
WE LOVE YOU GUYS KEEP RESTING
"I love you to the moon and back"
His fav line hahahahahahha
Last night before off to hospital. Mummy miss you anak dara
happy birthday kennnnnnnn, I miss you beautiful
Neighbors
bless you thank you so much for listening fam
This week will be better than last week, IN THE NAME OF JESUS.
Update: Abbie's doing great after a couple of wines and Cracker Jacks.
Max youre so Beautiful and my favorite in a time , all in you is perfect
LOS AMO MUCHO
SuavesLomitos: RT soy_beks: SuavesLomitos
My DMs are always open love. always here and you can dm me about anything or if you need someone to talk to
Um amor por essas fotos
A man who BELEIVE IN GOD AND HAS PUT HIS COUNTRY FIRST President Trump GOD WITH WITH AMERICAN
Pls charge your phone. Thank you and apology accepted.
Wish I could call my grandpa, he always knew what to say. Te mucho abuelo
Los Amo Mis Son tan hermosos
Filhote
Love ya brother till death
for change my life
i love you more
Happy Birthday always remember that I'm here for you love you keizia ang tanda mo na hahaha
Amiga
Aww so
I LOVE U GUYS
JIKOOK
Damn actually proud of this
Menino De Deus
for inspiring me everyday and being a good role model
YOU ARE MY EVERYTHING
Freckles on fleek. This boy is beautiful.
miyah greeted me w/ a bottle of wine
Steak, baked potato, and mac & cheese...
Life (and dinner) is good.
Definitely. My son just turned 4 and that little stinker has me wrapped around his cute little finger
AHAHA LOS AMO
ARMY LOS AMA
Uma sogra dessas
Me sigam
i love you so much!!
Tag a friend who needs this today.
FOLLOW
Damn I
Chrysocolla Chalcedon
Colour Green
Lustre Very Excellent
Transparent
Origin Garut,
What a beautiful friendship
Lol I just love cooking meals
Check this beauty overhaul... I what I do, you tell??#arizonahairstylist
December 9th!
No way!! Thank you so much
Merci
8 lbs 2 oz 22 inches
Can't wait!!!
Really needed this thanks girl
Thank you I love you
good luck! hope it goes well
Los amo
I wish I was there
I love you both so much, babies! Please rest well, you worked really hard
Sorry I had to! you!!!
I love Old Montreal Gorgeous city!
for a tbh
Minha nojentaa
Sdds patinhas
Meu otp
Loved it
AHHHHHHHHH
I love you much
something to look forward to this week: seeing again
Kiliga nakos w/ excitement saiyang voice and face. Lord, my soul!
God, Beauty & Happiness
pudding pops ily
the sweetest girlfriend ever
IM SO HAPPY THIS IS TRENDING. HERE WE SUPPORT TRANS PEOPLE !
so fricken cute
Aww I just you!!!!
hello cuties love you both
AMO
Thank you i love you both
so good right? honey to the ears.
Kane Good As You music video has all the feels that I want to feel
Adorable
Also yesterday was the best day of my life come back to France ok
thank you marichuuuu
protect them
my best friend
Que chulos!
he take his eyes off Showtime Mahomes!
LOS AMO
Thank youuu
Finalmente meus nenens apareceram
Year 23 with this Goober starting... Now! I you handsome. You are the kindest, goofiest, passionate, and most
We're loving these fall sunsets
: Tyler Starkovich | Deception Pass
i halloween
Hi Amanda I love you! my actual favorite is Lauder Doublewear because
Eu amo essa mulher
Me sigam
Beyond blessed with this woman as my great supportive wife I love you babe
played on every time I gave!
i miss u
When God has something for you no one can stop it.
You are incredible
I love you both
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH MOCHI ANGEL
Take care and stay healthy!!! I send to you a giant hug,
Wow , amazing Thankyou for supporting our boys for so long
Beautiful gif my love
Goodnight sweet dreams
Good gawd this sounds fun.
Me sigam
Appreciate it fam
Waitin on that Trump $
Just say one word about your iranian Army ... we EXIST too ... and love you
People are gonna try to do the most to bring you down ... we all love you wey
Te Amo
Okay this is random but today I decided to get Pandora and I love it but insane is I clicked on
Wado I am so grateful you read the book and took the time to post a review.
Happy Birthday Muva!
Stop this just melted my heart and so honored even comparable! Miss you!
cry momma this the life I chose myself just pray along the way I lose myself
sithi dab dab with a damp beauty blender
129
Congrats lovebirds! Such a beautiful wedding! (Thanks MK for letting me steal your date for a
Me sigam
SO BEAUTIFUL, LOVE YOU GUYS
Someone send me the meme of me krabs sniffing sayin smell ty
who do you love? Are you sure? who do you lovvvveeee? Arrrrrre youuuuuu fo sure?
I my
TV PAS
Open at the close
Thanks for your lyrics are beautiful and your music takes me to a incredible places. Thankyu
First time having a shower craft cider
Raay
If you KATE & EMALINE & LUKE & MCQUAID & TYLER & OLIVER, pls go to these accounts and
Happy anniversary guys to many more to come
So happy to see before
so cute :3 jimin and jungkook !!!!
Thank you
Payne is on a hunting trip with a bunch of guys and still texts me through the day & calls me every night. the simple things.
Watch the sunset together
the new face of a black man with a hoodie
me:
basic white girl:god first john 3:16, bandaids fix bullet holes,*roman numerals*
Um
Thank you too, twinnie.
so pretty
I'm waiting for a masterpiece
More
Im so proud of you
i just noticed he made up my bed before he left i miss him already
That is so true! Love you
Our shining star! We hope you are having a great time in Europe. Please, take care of yourself
Mi hombrecito
Kk thanks for confirming
And her unrelenting, undying love of Nick Cave
WE LOVE YOU SO MUCH
TURKEY LOVE FIGHTING
W
E
L
O
V
E
B
T
S
Love virus
Thank you
Only Then
Evn if u r not in love this song will touch ur heart
I know mad at me right now but ...
Hey thought like to see this!
So blessed to have such amazing people in my life thank you all for a great weekend
We welcome our Beautiful daughter Isabella Holland to the world with my wife Melissa S Holland!!!!
Honestly, this is ducking incredible
People new to Twitter understand how 2012 twitter was back then. Keep doing you brother nature.
So cute! We love you both
Thanks for the pic Jimin
Please stay healthy, rest well &
cutieeeesss
Melhor
You make my heart soft Come around anytime! Maybe teach me some of that wacky magic too!
When I see my bf on the other side
When I decide to take of my part of my hijab Lovvee you lily
Hmmm. Xtina is so unstoppable.
Inspiring generations after generations. Her platform is powerful
We you, David!
Iti meus pitico
Wow I love you
Hmmm. Xtina is so unstoppable.
Inspiring generations after generations. Her platform is powerful
I love you guys so god damn much
Happy birthday, Hanbin!
Oh My Girl Deserves More. I hope they will be Known More!
I love hims
Los amo
COM CERTEZA!!!
Yan naman ang trouble na love natin.
H A H A H A
Thank you
about to be 7 weeks left for finals and stressing trying to raise up my grades
Me sigam
What a beautiful backdrop for a futbal game.
I'd like to see her pursue a career in art, but only because she enjoys it so much.
it's all yours
Agreed
I LOVE YOU JIMIN
Con mis 2 hermanitos de crianza
Riya you are the one who really sweet and also kind. Fighting, hope you win this
So many good things in one tweet ahhh
eu te amooo math
Posty playing beer pong is such a great artist
Thank you babe my hubby snapped them after I shot a session in this beautiful location tonight
A good time
thinking of you today MJ
I doubt buttttt
Thanks
Erica was my wining ticket out the hood
De hoje com meu amor
Ugh thanks boo!! Love you
Love you so much too
Big Congratulations.
Deepika Ranveer
for your Wedding.
happy birthday to one of my oldest friends, love you forever
Good morning bby
Happy Birthday to my fave tweeter
Aaaaahhhhh i love you both
Yo
appreciate this Peter so much but i honestly just need someone to talk to.
And does it again!!!! I get over how amazing and beautiful this is!!!! Love it!
I Doughnuts
***hugs*** I feel your pain .
Love this!
I want a puppy
these nights
Sending love
Oh yes there is.
from NYCC
Thanks Lexi!
TURKEY LOVES YOUU
There's no way she can get it.... Not even us could.... Thanks for the checking!!
Uma de leves com as amiga
love you more than life itself beautiful
Son hermosos los Amo
So cute
proud of how much grown and the publicity getting in the makeup world
so happy for my Bestfriend. I love you
FiftyCalibaWidDiBananaClip- Dwl bredda i hste you. my forever chargie doe babes luv u
Ghibli
These videos are really fun to work on with
RETWEET
FOLLOW ALL WHO RT
U SURE U DONE 1 & 2
I love him so much
i recommend you to cover this song --> - Tentang Rindu !!!!
for making me smile no matter what im going through
Happy birthday my sweetie
Ebi in Chicago
With that face, how could I not??
Thank you
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Day 294
Happy birthday let's put kekkk together soonly
PIPOCA COM SAZONNNNN
for letting me grow up beside you and allowing me to dream a little bit more
morning
Jm And Jk Los Amo I love you
Jiminie Jungoo...cuties are you back home? I hope you're getting loads of rest...you've worked hard.. take care babies
blessed to have had this weekend with my whole family. getting time like that once a year makes it all the more special
Good morning my beautiful sunshine have a nice day
This weekend was such a stress reliever. I left everything I was stressing about at home and just enjoyed my family
brigado bebe
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
goodnight
QUE BELLO AY YO TUVE QYE GRABAR U VIDEO DE COCINA PARA EL COLE, MY COOK DISASTER AHRE
not from what i expect in life, but still blessed & contented
When you cook together.
Awesome
thank you lily
Stress? There be stress, you have full control over everything on your account. You have power
Me sigam
Enchanted?!?
I see your true colors shining through
who me?! I miss you more
It's the quest "A Faded Flower."
protect your at all costs.
Listening to The Weeknd and having a good ass convo is the best
Rosa
this is some really nice advice :)
GOD BLESS YOUR SOUL good luck army
Jesus amor
Uy thomas!!!
Me sigam
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Been there bro... legit I know how all of that is get through it tho fr on the bright side, YOURE FREE!
Nothing I have or am is bc of me. He is my source. No credit for me, He receives all the Glory
Love this talk between Mosley and Sam.
Mitch Albom is
Me n you, forever n always.
Me sigam
Enjoy
BABIESSSSSSSSS
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
This cute cute
So 4:20 AM Eastern standard time where I am! in!!
Me sigam
Newt x Minho x Thomas
Niver Bia, minha
lamar campbell- more than anything
Family is forever
Sorry for your loss, Paul
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
thank you so much for your support
What do you expect for the future of the group and what are your biggest dreams? Love you guys!
Look a like movie poster they look so fine
I got some pretty good pick at the pumpkin patch today
e acabou, foi
:( if i were there i would hug you ily
needs to have a new conversation about
.
.
.
.
.
.
Are a part of the for
, and I love you with our whole hearts thank you for making us happy you mean the world to us
Friends, forever
and I love almost all the clothes that she wore.
the only art that matters
Really? Did you look into your Chrystal ball lately? VOTE RED The Libby / Dems are insane in the membrane. MAGA
you happy as shit, let him come out in 2019
So sorry for your loss, hope you stay strong
GO KATH!!! KAYA YAN MO YAN!!! IMY!!
Yay!! best gift ever!! I mean advance gift hahaha coz my birthday month.. excited for this mandeukie
Chivettes bored at work (32 Photos)
Me sigam
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Everyday I go through the pain; but at the end of the day, closer to finally meeting you.
Muito amor por esse dia
I...would love to e w e)/ OMG!
Much love for these two amazing women
i love you
Congrats to you and yours.
Happiest Birthay Kim Hanbin
Thanks so much miss you
Justo
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
JD bought out Stacey Abrams. love
So blessed to have such a happy, sweet, generous, crazy, funny, caring & healthy 9 year old boy Happy birthday
You gone get there boo you been working at it you got it
Ready to hoop
i hope you stay around for a long , long time .....i think i want you in my life forever
HAPPY BIRTHDAY NDER! Be better
Love
Tags#
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Thank you
been peaking on everything for youtube 1.9k tomorrow and 2k this week
Happy late birthday beautiful
my favorite duo.
Whooo hoooo gpa Scott!!! Love you guys
have the heart to move her...
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
An need in
I love the way you make me feel
I LOVE U FAIRIES
Thank you my wife ily
Had the best hoco with the 4 amigos
Amo historia
My boo got me two spooky baskets and a cake wow I love him
we all appreciate you and love you the most !!
She knows where to come when sad
Remember when he had breakfast with the little girls?
Tomorrow is our Red Ribbon Week Kick Off! Wear Red on Monday, 10/22/18!
This must be the most gay thing av read but super happy for yous I want an invite to the wedding
Good morning everyone! Don't forget to vote on AAA. Ily.
Me sigam
Good morning to Deepika and Ranveer only. Still not over yesterday
This is my personal favorite fanart
hope you had a good weekend
Happy Birthday Wonder Woman!
From JLA/Doom Patrol
Happy happy birthday have a wonderful year ahead
Ahh !
Jimin oppa and kookie oppa
I luv ya too much
Take care yourself , and keep your healthy , eat well
We luv ya
SeungRi!! your fan :<< can you say hey with me ??:((
you give me protection from
AWWWWWWWwwwwwww You can't be THAT nice and send me THAT gif that's not fair I've got stuff
I love you guys!
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
soooo excited
Omg just now seeing this how did i get so blessed with a beautiful roomie
Gracias mijito!! Te i laviu
For sure! I am always happy to help. It's so exciting picking out species & all the goodies for
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Oh cute so cute T_T I swear I love how you draw their eyes... idk why I cant resist those very subtle dark circles
Bem te amo
I give up on us giving you all my love.
my room is the coolest
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
proud of my city
I giant millipedes. When I was a teen volunteer at the local science center I used to love taking these guys
"Porn star
MIA KHALIFA >> SHE IS FUCKED AND LICKS PUSSY !
MIA KHALIFA SO HOT !
My little mini, my whole
Officiated my cousins wedding this weekend in the beautiful countryside of Tennessee. Congrats to them both!
He could be the one . S
My planet head
protect your at all cost.
Tbt
So proud of you!
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Know yourself
yourself
Be yourself
Cuddle time
I ripped jeanssss
Dear Derrick I Love You always have always will . I hope you can hear me I hope you looking down on me. I
THE GLORY OF HIS PRESENCE
happy 32nd Anniversary!!
Jesus Reigns Ministries
My girls first time helping to lead music in church Sunday. My heart overflows!!!
Teamo. Meu magrelo.
I love you but you mean me no good
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Enjoy every second of it going to be a great mama
My first real girlfriend, you know how the ting set already. Love nah change
Esta es la foto! Ahi esta Tommy!
Forever and always our one and only man all really gonna miss you andy
The truth is, I can always bring my past with me, but I can never go back. Gotta leave yourself behind. -
pronto!!
Here's My First Short Film LOOSIfER link
Watch and share
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Book your hoco appt now! IG: minksbyjas
Lost my beautiful cousin today, may your soul Rest In Peace.
Travis Scott
Hyunjin, this is not a question but please remember we love you for your TALENT not your looks. Love you
That's SO sweet. Thank You.
I've been dealing with this since college.
It's
Freddie Mercury
NBC the spider cam.
Thank you for coloring my life with your music. TE AMO
Perfect fall foliage in New Paltz!
Said We Give Each Other Space But Obvious I Love YouTo The And Back
Today was such a lazy day spent snuggled up, watching with my So perf
Apple cider donuts for the win!
i miss you here, hope you are having a wonderful day. I love you
he remind me of someone lol
Thank you darling thank you for coming up with such a lovely idea too
Tata
can we repeat last night? Asking for a friend...
my favorite queen
Might as well call us the skin care police lol about to get cold you all we gotta be super proactive
Stay strong love we know in better place, wish u a great positive life
Espero tener suerte
not a Floridian but if I was, you would get my vote
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
I completely understand. Speedy writing.
Today was a good nice chill day for me and my girl
Te amo amor
A year OMGISOSHYBYE
Roomate Love
.
.
.
.
.
Thank you for coming brookeranson
.
.
.
.
.
Service Sunday vibes! The Crawfords are feeding the homeless.
Feed your on Sundays!
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
I Love You Guys
Siempre imitada, jamas igualada mi
Love from
Never a bye, always a see you later
Thank you sis
i love u guys with all my heart love you
Im playground Warrior
You deserve the world and much more i love you
I wait to comeback to Cali watch how I diss though only linkin with the real ones
wait
Opening for tomorrow at the Observatory tomorrow Love Gang
Shawn Mendes
not gonna lie this tweet made my day
Left my in our and our awesome host is sending it to me
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Ahh que linda
Follow she's awesome! She made me this
have a look tomorrow and let you xx
Just a sub, but always here for someone in need!
LiveMe-Live broadcasting community
praying for strength, peace, and love to surround you.
Agreed perfect jodi i hated it when she cried
God's love is as vast as the ocean, and very deep inside. The more you keep swimming deep inside, the more
Missing you
Nice treads
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
this could be nice for the feel good segment
Good or Bad Hair
Lost electronica Phantom Electric Ghost Click on link on our
please check to make sure you are registered to vote
melhor pessoa
OHHHH NAYUNNN!!! FLUFFY CHEEKS
I love this so much. wait for Kingdom Hearts.
Zo got us Astroworld tickets and gave me some great bday gifts, she is the best, so lucky
for a tbh?
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Oh my man
Thanks, I love me too!
Isso
02 Months
Mish reach.
Quick appreciation post for the girl that keeps a smile on my face and lights up my world with hers
CONGRATS KERL!!!!
LOS AMOOOO
I used Black Opal! a line specifically for black women
You are my sunshine
Cr.noted
Baby can't stand straight in a place he wanted to talk to ppl around
Sam Alves - Hello Bye Bye
tan lindo???
Atr
Preach.
Lady Gaga - Never love again haven't seen the film yet but now I *need* to.....this song hit in them feels
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
| image via homestolove
Good morning jaan salman khan & all Salmanic have a beautiful day
never been happier in my life. Love being surround by awesome caring people
Perfect in Minneapolis
hArT ReAx oNly
AAAAAAAAAAAAAA FOFO ME BEIJA
You Are a Hero! In every realm
BIG LOVE wowowowow this is soooo cute!!!!
5th CPA-nniversary
bostinha de foto
Love you too
I'm trying to start my own business... Help me find and develop it for the beauty industry
Wow what a cute and sweet dog. Just like her owner I am so happy that things are going so well
Valentine
This year you're mine erosphere_!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
And sometimes you just need to hug your dog
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Mr. and Future Mrs. H
Brennan and April, your wedding was beautiful thanks for inviting me to join you in celebrating your lives
Fall
Quechee Gorge Bridge
I want to bore you with it
Oh but I love you, I love you, I love you
WE LOVE YOU MOREE!!!
My whole damn world.
Shes so beautiful & sweet
Awww thank you so much!!
Thank you for the amazing day in Paris
Preciate It Bro Love You Dawg
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
This is what makes fohi so great
for a tbh
Tomorrow is our Red Ribbon Week Kick Off! forget to wear red on Monday, 10/22/18!
AAAAAA LINDOOS, EU AMO MUITO
Ren's birthday is NEAR
Had such an amazing day
Perfection
And is scalable BCH
These are the beauties you always talked about
The world runs on the "tribe" mentality. Try not having a dad. Sometimes the best things in life can come from not having a dad around.
morning
Awesome Karlie!! So happy for you!!
Sorry, I'm late for sent you back to korea. Safe flight. See you again next time.
It turned out so right...For strangers in the night
Day care school of my first daughter
Thank you for this, beauty
baby i got you
Because then I convert it to love
My all time favourite day sesh at the races Caulfield
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
When bff is happy happy. So glad she found someone who genuinely cares about her
Baby Luna
I love you forever & infinity
thank you love i appreciate it
I feel like you should
for always working so hard for us & making us happy. honestly, just thank you for everything
DESIDRATADA QUE ORGULHO
House of Aphrodite
goddess of love and beauty
sacred animal : dove
sacred plant : myrtle
so thankful for all the good people in my life.
Love me forever , don't ever get tired of me . Why tf would you lie to me ? If I told you I got you, I got
Thank you love! We appreciate it
Raven Thanksss!
Happy 18th birthday thank you for the friendship that we have. I wish you all the best and nandito
my love towards him are infinity and i even desc how much i love him
From greatest hits to anything with a bit of twang, I tunes with
To LGBT Haters: MAG CLOSE UP KAYO
Happy 9th month baby long hair! I love you
i love you liz thank you for everything
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Thank you
Contigo todo
Querem entrar ? Chama na Dm !?
Listen to this song and fall in love with it the lyrics are so meaningful!
I needed that nap
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Ran off twice!
Tag a friend who needs this today.
FOLLOW
VIA
Love the quote!
My life story
Who the Son sets free..
so in love meet Gilley, our newest addition to the family
Son todo
When working out I love Britney Bruno mars and some child
Ven acostarte conmigo
they are tooooo cute i wait to just get up & travel the world with my husband
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Meu grudinho
It!!!
Boa noite
changbin and han. Please marry me , that is all
U look superb
Al final: ya, JAJAJA TE
We feel the same way! Had so much fun with you and Mr. E! do it again soon.
MENINAS, FOI MUITO
Chewie
Obg
Ahhh sweet roo friends
This guy is amazing and honestly makes the BEST games out there. I love you dude
Boffe, te los re mereces lpm. Se viene el millooooon
. [21-10-18]
ig stories con
Traveling back in time with you.
Everytime I played the songs of iKON I saw my mom keep on nodding I think she likes the rhythm and their voice as well as me
Kat ama a beleza das cenas de Wayhaught
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
GRACIAS
Same for me But i love them so it's not a problem
Cunhada
so proud of you loggie
inlove with you more and more each day
I literally want to see any team go home their all so adorable and talented I hate the eliminations so much
Good morning!! tyL
Fuck a nude send me a pic of you smiling
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Have a wonderful, outstanding week
Thank you
Good morning for night
[HQ] 150328
\m/
10hrs to go for the Trend
18hrs to go for Rebelstar Birthday
Always great
Please click the photo and react "" heart guys. Only heart reactions are counted lang po. Thank you
One of the many reasons I love Twitter. Please retweet. Read responses....
OMG Thank You Susana
+1 jogo
hand
b/c Jillian. She had a wild S2: working w/ Darius, moving in w/ Grace, committing
Ayn Rand
TE AMO SIEMPRE ...
love you so much
Family movie night
IS FINALLY FUCKING HERE!! SHOW LOVE
UP UP the boi nice on dat
Love You
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Thanks! That means a lot.
So happy to the guy that i love SAUNA! that he found another girl to love him the most
Miss you more
hey thanks for making my day with that lil live video
Please do support my anak R.A Mendoza by clicking the photo and react salamat. Arriva Masskara!
Wtf? ilysm. charot.
So children if you want to have some fun start smoking
cuz entertainment over cancer
AAAAAAAAAA AMO VCS
Happy birthday my love
3 years in 3 days can it be Friday already?? So ready for this baecation
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Ranting and twerking are my specialties goes both ways boo ily
Tbm te amo amor
e eu igual a ti
Binge watching Grey's Anatomy for the rest of the night
A-aaahn..! /)///(\
Doggos are gooood, and so are foxies~
We had an amazing brunch with some of our amazing alumnae!! Thank you for joining us!!
My twin is my favorite person to have a to with.
mind the whole outfit malfunction goin on, look at that COLOR what color should I do next guyyyyssss?
Thank you and HOW IS HAWAII????
The familia
Coutinho
Today was one of the best I've had in a while.
Gguki
thank you Julia for all !
we love you
Your mine right ? Yes
My first ever official merch I'm so happy yieee
My is so excited!!!!!
Muchas Cosas Uuh
Iloveyoumoreee!!
Some down the street.
Reseda, California
Agr fiz a do loki
Claro pai
I just eat sleep and watch movies all day
JUST TO REMIND YOU :) YOU ARE MY INSPIRATION MY WORLD MY LOVE MY LEGEND MY EVERYTHING LOVE YOU TO THE MOON AND BACK
: I Fwu nomo you went ghost then I told you hbd and you say thanks
congrats bro.
"Where there is no imagination, there is no horror." Death Burger
Art by
I may not be your first love, first kiss, first sight or first date but I just want to be your last.
Thank you to everyone who came out and showered with so much love wait for you all to meet
Thank you honey
WEEEEEYYYY VIENE A MI MENTE CUANDO A LA BB LE DICES MAMASSS JAJAJJAJA AY NL TE AMOOO CACHETONA BELLA
O pitico mais lindo de mi vida!
Jungkook Utt master Forever
Es un
so much talent on my tl
Love and miss you always, Moose. The angels are with you
im from Utah.
nobody i personally know voted for trump
HOWEVER none of us are Mormon.
we are ALL Dems
its still love bro im proud of you keep doing what u do
They were bc Holder said to kick em when Repubs hit below the belt .. now murderers
Gotta at
Los amo mucho
thank you bro!! much love!
I love you,
Even Thoe She's Ina Better Place . I Know She Looking Down On Me
It feels good to be living for my family in such a good mind state. Have been for 3 days. hope it continues !
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
I WILL FIGHT ANYONE WHO TELLS YOU THAT YOU LOOK UGLY BECAUSE YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL SWEETIE
my bitch you kno how bleeding for you g no cap. love you like my momma had you
I do not deserve my dog or cat, they left my side all evening
Melhor
Been so relaxed this weekend so I've forgotten to draw DnD character. Sorry mate, will make it soon
te amo
Feliz vieji
You are a very special soul, here for a reason.
Just doing what I can! Love you too babe!
Can't knock him for working , make your money baby i know I'll see you real soon
thankful you made it thru this. You are so strong and I am so proud of you
I need this shit to drop so bad U never disappoint. FUCK already soo good Love you
Those fans at the back are the luckiest.
When will I ever
JM & JK
I love you too baby
People like you are why I do this
Thank yu n cut it soon lol
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Playlist de todos os dias
FE-LI-CI-DA-DES
have nun sorry
DM for a PayPal Flip!
DOING ANY PRICE RIGHT NOW!
CHECK PINNED TWEET AND RTS
&
God blessed me for sure
reminded me of u
my heart
I owe my momma the world
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
4 years with my best friend. I love you
This will apply for Christmas, in Seattle for Thanksgiving
De nuevo viendo Anatomy
You know how comin fa you Love you killa
Please do support my anak Lance Millebert Hunas by clicking the photo and react salamat. Arriva Masskara!
we respectful men
Muito meu sobrinho
Ayiieee 3 days to go!
So blessed to have my parents as well, be where I am without them
Always
You can seethe now
i love you fellow soldiers
hotties
REGALO DEL DIA DE LAS MADRES ..DE LEANDRA
PARA HOY ES NUESTRO
DIA EN ARGENTINA
Cha Eun WooOppa
Hella underrated show some love
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Well slowly feeling better. Made the girls some yummy dinner
Show your by clicking in the like button! Explore it euphoric_cakes Vancouver, British Columbia
Justin Timberlake's "Only When I Walk Away"
Uuu my church boy adem bgt liatnya
Congrats for reaching 100k followers
Last oka line tho mugistha
Rukmini lo sogasu
Sathyabhama lo
Aah! And Trains too
you are very kind and positive you always look on the bright side
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
I really believe grandparents should live forever.
Good Morning
No mood for coleg
But jana to pry ga
de simple, Gracias
must watch awesome song
Like+comments tagturn post notification on
best page on instagram
follow like
Let's end this day with a Stephen King Classic
thank you for at least being considerate. you did your part appreciated
OMGthis dog is soooooooo cute:-))))
Infighting.
Always in our hearts
Pinned.
Wow, bless your heart Please ever give up! If you need someone to talk to be here for you!
Day 210
Title Screen finished and we got rid of the save select menu for now.
Me sigam
Love you Heather always
Yes I loved it .. reminded me of you
QUIERO VERLOS FELICES SIEMPRE
for being a light in the darkness and always making time for us no matter what
AKSJAKJSKAHSKAJSKSHSKSHSKSHKSHSKSHZKSJSKSHSK SOCORRO, JIKOOK LINDO
My 32-year-old cousin, Ging Ging.
Wow!!!Congratulations NadechYaya!!!We are so proud of you both!!!
beautiful
yes
happy birthday i hope been all the fun you wanted
Communication is the key
sws schatje
So beautiful thank you for the amazing pic. Jimin blue hair is another level
indeed
Merci paris
Gracias
Zoom-in
.
.
.
.
Ecopark Ancol
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
feel so blessed
Glad you have the same birthday of my mom
Impossible to thank everyone who makes this event happen every year. Another one in the books for Team Soda
Send request please!!
You better shut your mouth right now!! you got me, boo! Can't wait to see you on Tuesday
This little girl gives me purpose She's what keeps me going in this crazy thing called life. She's taught me to
Don't worry. There will be a podcast version soon. Ill send you a link.
To simplesmente apaixonada pela Sweater weather do the neighborhood
T amu
You too
ops
If you're reading this ... God's got it all in control just be patient, have faith, & don't give up on him
I My Boyfriend
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
All the pretty girls in the world but in this space with you
But all love
CUIDENSE Y DESCANSEN MUCHO
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
iti coisa mais fofa
Mo7trm
Have you ever tried kayaking? Experience this at the Caramoan Islands! Go to and book
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Factual and on . it!
I had so much fun at falls creek
Omg. This makes me so happy. I love you guys Always stay safe
I liked a video Fortnite Moments that make you wanna care for and cherish your homies
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
for absolutely everything I love you so much forever grateful
Nunguento esse casal
Dear Daquan you knew I always Loved you I miss staring at your face I just want to sit down and have a
Love to see your energy on here
Precious
bts
Thank you for making me the happiest girl possible
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
HAPPY BDAY thanks for being a good roomie oh and btw no idea where I got the second pic
I wanna guy friend they seem to always stir you in the right direction
Take care..
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Vc ? mesmo
EU AMO VCS
LOS AMOOOOOOO
back to you. Have a wonderful halloween. And make sure your effort is shown to every brother and sister you come across!
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Sunnies bring out the bunnies (65 Photos)
Church Check-In
Is it a new album or song?
my puppy loves me unconditionally fr I can pop her for shitting off of her mat and still want some
So handsome JiminOppa and baby Kookie love u so much
Gostei de um Okay Personal Attention | Hand Movements | Brushing Your Face |
eu sou muito apaixonada
We Dem Boyz
Bc spooky szn
for being a AMAZING role model, always putting a smile and helping me me meet amazing people, thank you
my uncle rlly gon make sure I make it to college PAID FOR real love
God you can take anything from my life
but dont take her
-SHF-
LIVE TO WIN...my dear Thank you for being in my life.@PaulStanleyLive
welcome
sing this too when we meet Nona
naa i aint little but im NOT fat but of course the bitches who hate me say i am still cute
little booty
Pray, god is there
Speak, god is listening
My granddaughter painted this for me
the love of my life
Love this
Loving that fall weather.
This guy
Yesss
My heart is the last thing yhu need to focus on lil mama
One day at a time baby
Grew to fast! I love you Gen.
great hun
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
If you seen it already, I highly recommend Inuyasha. The manga is fantastic too.
omg james i accidentally broke our iconic mutual sorry n thanks ily
I'm feeling better - Mum sat up with me all night to make sure I was ok
Heavenly scenes in the Holy Land
as a storm hits Karbala upon the days of Arbaeen
1989 Tour best vocal moments The last one always makes me cry. What are your favorite vocals from the 1989 tour?
Let them see you for who you are really are.
Welcome back! I U because you judge. - Drinking a Hermannator Ice Bock by -
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
All the time.
you're very kind thank you for listening
JJAJAJAJAJAJA LAS AMO
Ty Love
This just makes me smile. I hear an in there. My Dino man!
Iti
I love you
Books, used books, new books. real live books.
When the boy comes home my heart is happy
hoy!
Go do some me-time. Wish you all the happiness and love you could ever want and need
HiDok, Inc. is here Polo
I freakin love you
can think of another way to build for the They are soulmates
You are loved always. You do not need validation. Your story is yours to tell.
I still luv you bby cakes
today i cooked breakfast for and soph and my heart was happy
Big day for Adrian tomorrow! Prayers
This is soooooo awesome. She will always remember this.
I love You so much
Nah its not that bad don't be so hard on yourself it happens
My favorite pumpkin
I am. Sorry for worrying you.
one of the morning sms i've got today, so goodvibes today pls!!! luv u
Hi miss wag na lungkot
Good morning 11th November 2018
How you know made with love.
Amazing
for making me happy
for not being just an idol but for being our friend and helping us through tough times
THANK YOU SHAWN
Descubra "By The Way" de Red Hot Chili Peppers na
You are love , you need to wish!! & no not but thx
Freddie Mercury
My question for changbinnieeee changbin, how do you keep pouring great ideas for your songs where do your
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Preach Olivia
Not long posted it to someone else ...check out my tweets
I had the best day today ! Hay ride pumpkin picking and haunted attractions ! What a great way to end the week
Sending so much love your way.
When my love gives me his card for food.
Of course you are! And cute, but you gotta behave. almost there, you better be outside!
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Highschool never ends Can we make this a weekly habit?
Beriso-Maryland-Palo
HBD
Mas gusto ko yung recent stories. Yung close up. Hahaha. Charot!
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
I'll meet u at the airport
Huy MUGINGAN! Miss you HAHAHAHA GRABEHAN TAYO SA MUGINGAN TEH HAHAHA IMY TOO
Lot's of Prayerz for u dear
May Allah pak give u success!
just opened a box of my stuff from storage to find literally hundreds of baby spiders
light and love
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
i cant wait to see where everyone is in a couple years ... i hope everybody is the best they can be
tb te amuuuu
UK Plays Them This Saturday
But KU I Know
I .@GatorsFB
I
everyone on this show is so cute I want to squeeze them all. already signed the adoption papers and akash is legally my son now
pasta type of day
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
lovin' my lockscreen
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Congratss in advance!
Well we've got the keg and jello shots and delicious food and we'd love to see you but you gotta feel better
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
I love spending sundays with Kenny (((-:
FWIIIIIEEEEENNNNNNDDDD >v< AHHHHH YOURE SO AMAZING IM GLAD IM YOUR FWIEND
I got a dupe because I
Thankyou for the Love, Friends!
Husband life
Happiest birthday to my beautiful best friend
Lana Mondays
Omg so handsome JiminOppa and baby Jungkook love u so much
indefatigable. With contagious optimism and faith in our fellow humans. Comforts me to know there.
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Dracukeo, el empalador
Awww thanks and my favorite All Time Low shirt
.
.
Awe she is so precious
Oh no :(( hopefully it will subside soon
Fun shoot for Kelly & BF Marvin
Mua: JojoebrowsNmakeup
Photographer: Jojoe
To book, DM or chat
Valentine
This year you're mine 196RAINBOW!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
went to sea world today with our baby, wish you been here with us
Happy birthday ex crush & my bestfriend
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
never alone my small big boy head up like always
86- you are sweet, humble, loving and amazing! let anyone ruin that !
Me sigam
Congratulations to I wish you a lifetime of happiness!! Xoxo
Listo....
ok thank you!!
happy birthday, double decker.
Wow I even lie my life has honestly gotten sm better past 2 days everything is going so good so thankful
sending all my love you matter so so much. never forget that.
Isso
Come back to me
and RT
Quando a Thali chorou agradecendo aos bacanas... SOMOS UMA
Love it. (((Hugs))) to the kiddos and you. Definitely have to come visit.
Yeah home safe now
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Bailee!
This love is deep
As 8 years ago
I know
LOOOL my family is so great they heard my friend canceled so they want to go have dinner at the casino you can always count on the fam!
nah I think creep some more thank u though
Line-Up for Law of the Jungle Northern Mariana Islands :
Ji Sang Ryul
Yang Se Chan
GOT7 Yugyeom
WJSN Bona
Lee
YOU ARE SO CUTE
I love you so much
Add me please
Are you guys doing okay? I hope you are stay strong and hwaiting
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
This is relationship goals!
Even when poopy cute
Far from me
Is a beautiful heart
Filled with light
Making me smile
As I drift off
To sleep tonight
It was so beautiful
I know every curve like the back of my hand
here feel free to dm me anytime x
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Yes awesome song and singer srikrishna voice super the singer of that song srikrishna 3
Thank you Darlene! so sweet
Not sure buddy, you never know ;-)
OT9
OKAY YOU ARE GORGEOUS AND AMAZING AND YOU WILL PLAY WITH LANDON I PROMISE
My three wonderful minions and a bonus boyfriend.
Yayyyyyyyy
Amor da minha vida
Pre-bedtime snuggles
I have no doubt in my mind that with the most amazing person ever
Happy day because I will miss u everyday goodnight baby
Never letting this go
I wanna stay with you until gray and old. Just say you let go.
Showing much Love
Sabres win after the Bills shit the bed
Awh gonna go visit. We can go on a hw date to Starbucks and I got you. We should all go. Lol
I want to get this for my brother
He put it on his keys though
ily
Day 26 Eliza + Singing/Rapping
So close to raising $4,000 for
If you donated yet,
needs to have a new conversation about
.
.
.
.
.
.
Are a part of the for
Donghae Super Junior
SMTOWN
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Help save this Dogs from South LA Shelter!
Credooo
Poignant. No words are needed.
An extremely moving photo, Alex
Great photo it Linda
Diariamente
so gorgeous
Let's Follow
Cek BIO DM/Contacts
Retweet Like
Compilation Of The Two Hottest Blondes
Your squad loves you and you can always sit with with us
Thank you !
on my way to Kamong cafe~ with my korean friend i met in pubg she's not even an EXO-L yet she'll go with me
None but good vibes with with mines
Wontak Instagram update
tramo
I miss
This makes me so happy I feel like Chris & Kim finally got a happy ending
AND we share memes and all ever truly wanted anyway
Regina de
Happy Anniversary! You are the funniest man ever meet ! Your crave to have the Lord in your life makes my
Just wanna love the same man for the rest of my life
very sexxxy
So if anyone is awake, and mind listening to me for a few minutes, appreciate it
inspired me to take up something which I gave up on (as it was too hard)!
HAHDJDJD QUE HERMOSO
No one will ever be as good as you when it comes to loving me
Me sigam
La Ultima en Thistlewood viendo a mis DeSoto, Texas
offer from the other day stands in this situation too
Go, Heidi, the nation is behind you more than you think! Hang in! We are proud of you!
My sunshine
DM me if you need
Welp gn have a wonderful safe week. Be nice & respectful to everyone! Stay safe. Y'all!
The Ballad of Cleopatra
te ama demais Emanuella
minha paz
norman reedus, you absolutely killed it tonight. you are such an amazing actor! so proud of you, love you
In my prayers tonight
Why is my child so cute
Since your birthday, show us your long fruit plz! Uhm... I mean, your new tatt Happy bday Hanbanana!
Omg you met Taylor. What was that like!!
Sky Tower
Bendito sea el pan de muerto.
se ame +2
so in love with my daughter krazy
i love you
i love the way you lie
Monday, bring on the gaps!
happy 18th birthday to my sister i love you forever ! xoxo
ily nic
Wish there was award ceremonies for doggos. They deserve it.
Honestly there is no better way to say that olk
day 21.
& Silvia in Last drawing of performance week in
ITTTI
NOW HAPPENING: CPH Mental Health Week 2018 kicks off with a freedom and love wall. Pass by the CPH lounge now!
(2)
Ye all time best hai.
had all and then most of you, some, and now none of you. Take me back to the night we
I love you too,
Gnite Beautiful Sister's ! Sweet Dreams and GBY All. Absolutely
I Love It ..thank you
Next time ulit
I Would Take Offf To Help Queen
Hey love of my life! Waiting for you to come get me
Tonight sucked but thank god for my best friends
Happy Birthday To Our Princess
rt this
Praying for Trinidad I am sure you will do the most you can to help Nicki. So lucky to have you
Follow to see more hair bow updates!
Line-Up for Law of the Jungle Northern Mariana Islands :
Ji Sang Ryul
Yang Se Chan
Yugyeom
WJSN Bona
Lee
Love and miss you too
With Adam's sweet spirit in mind, he would want us to be happy. Please reply with your favorite memory/joke with Adam.
+2
This beautiful gal!
^^
You have the biggest heart, and never forget where you started. Much respect
episode of was amazing.
I love you tons!!
awe i pray for them
Goodnight! I love 5sos
thank you
Sweet Dreams
Debra Matt & Rosie
The only true caster in my heart
A veces si creo en el LOS AMO
I love Kihyun for his mother-like personality and his eye smile Not to forget, HIS BEAUTIFUL
a piece of art escaped from the
Oh Ash... I love you stay strong
Valentine
This year you're mine 994WK!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
All the time. I hope you're okay. The wave will pass.
Thanks lovebug
It was great having my family come visit us for the weekend.
art appreciating art
I this ad
I black parrots and black cockatoos! So rare here!
Bebe like the meanest person ever met
Rydel pack
Rt/Fav if you save
Thanks Sis and Gnite to you Sweet Dreams
Wanna One Flight + Hotel Info
Seoul Bangkok
Rm 50 roundtrip
Dm me if interested
Namore que te olhe assim
I miss you so much You beautiful and congratulations on your lil one
boy Benny
I'm feeling better now - Mum sat up with me all night to make sure I was ok
What is meant for me will be mine
hi
You already know baby
rt/like to join a kpop imessage gc
- multi
- actually be active in the gc
- start fanwaRs or drama
Thank you for the truth
Why not watch Montana the movie lol
Not all pumpkin heroes wear capes
I love this song!
Literally PERFECT for each other
also the best drama ever
btw im the guy in the back lol
Np rest well !!
Love you too
4
He's such an angel
I wait to marry the love of my life, buy a house, have babies, grow old
Good morning
You're going to do great!!
Me sigam
I will make a prayer request just before the operation. He is going to mess with my heart. I will
A day we will never forget
Happy birthday , love you so much geez cheers to another one
Romantic walk plus I dropped sweat this boyyyyyy
anything for you babe
day my daughter will look at this picture & think damn my daddy fine
I just made a huge pot of this. Entire family practically fought over it. Thanks for sharing.
get enough of you
"Where there is no imagination, there is no horror." Death Burger
Art by
going to be so weird not going to school and having homework with weekly deadlines. Going to miss the school life
New pic Jennifer Love Hewitt (@TheReal_JLH) for Los Angeles Times
Que isso Nivis
Harley mum? Purrfect
noite mega boa ..
Still praying for my aunt I really deal when my family is sick sick ... shit scares me after I dealt with my Dad
XVII da thay
glad made it through was nowhere near as strong
Ily
Wow......what a song and voice !!! "Adhuri tu Adhura Mai" . Loved it
ah thank u
Felix please stop letting them cover your freckles
You're a good man ..
Jesus bless you
Can you guys blow a kiss into the camera ? UWU UWU
Rest well, love you !
TE AMO!!!
the of and have a day
Will you guys ever come to Australia? Much love from Aussie STAYs!
me he puesto soft :c
i love so much
got my mexican cobija life is great
30 days seem like a short amount of time but when u started out w/ 125 it sounds pretty great... see u so soon
I really cherish the little things in life. A handwritten note, a hug, or even a text means way more than something money could ever buy
"af +1 foto" kkkkk, te amo
Enjoying one of the last sunny days... with the best part of my day, my handsome love
My official candidate for Bb. Libertad 2018
Miss Louella Jane Gabato
HMUA: Brian Montes
lol
Fellow sister in Christ I think your amazing,
Excited for the Blue White Scrimmage! Always fun with my awesome kid!
Love you long time
HELLLLLLLOOOO LETS CELEBRATE THAT
I know! I want her to be my friend!!
I love my hubby for always letting me have "me time".
makes music that SPEAKS to my soul, man. makes me wanna chill & vibe all damn day
thank you all
obrigada
+3
Repost from _jayrilisv
My bestfriend, partner in crime and second mother thank you for everything you do for
Fr !! But in the meantime i am just letting God do his thing and staying humble .
Pogo community days are the best!!!
Love shopping
Meu
She looks so happy in this picture I miss this kind of smile on her face
i love you
me hace feliz.
Best news of today
YAS! our vocal king!
merece meu amor!
Te amo muitooooooooooo
so intensely in love with skateboarding right now
Good day
Good evening, Harley!
My son is literally my whole life idk what I would do without him
I feel like we all just need one big group hug. Class of 14 forever
Especial de
Parte 1
Love this
Invest your relationship to the Lord
Assalam u Alaikum
Good morning
If you don't have time for Allah, nothing is going to work out right in your life ....
Te amo
Meu amor
Ranch Bash was a success, my girls had a blast. I think they almost as much as me.
Losing ones Mom ... does not equate to any other grief...
{{{HUGS}}}
Your Moms Love rains
Video and details on my IG: 4balissa
This homemade ginger tea with honey is currently life
Would you guys ever be coming to MALAYSIA?
I Grass.
I will love you all until the day I die. My family
Amo escape y me gusta cantante
Me hace feliz
6 months of married sweetness
count money together
wf5fL1ZnrV
Te Amo San
Go outside kid hahaha
So so sorry to read this
They are so beautiful I love them too!
What an inspiration beauty with brain sangat
blink-182 - Dammit
Good Morning PHIXOS
He get the coolness from his mom
The way you make me feel
We had an amazing brunch with some of our amazing alumnae!! Thank you for joining us!!
Thank you all so much being in my stream today
Goodnight everyone! Got a special kind of stream for you guys tomorrow with
See you then!
I'm sorry u had to leave, too. I hope you had a great time. Seeing all the fam back together was niceMid-terms
Best time for photos! Golden hour and blue hour.
Sending prayers and good luck to all my babies taking their midterms this week, I love you
I know I miss you too my love
Thank you
Classmate, I see you!
It's "no-work-and-spend-the-day-with-the-doggos-day"
Dan McMichael, please record for me
My brother is so handsome
Yiiiet. Thank you, Stef! Lablab
Stay ten toes for a nigga
Thanks
me & my bby chillin in the car smoking n jamming to slow jams
i'm sorry life's being rough, don't worry too much and take all the time you need. i wish you the best kat!
I thank God for healing my heart not same damaged girl I was a few months ago
Happy bday henny miss working with wait till this weekend
thank you for always working so hard and being yourself
wish you all the best Hanbin ah
I miss my fawkin homie my daughter but on real I know how she roll cuz I raised her
Meus!
Do KyungSoo
Congratulations
So proud of my Big Bit
so madly in love with my man
This woman never forgets where she started. Humble and grounded, as a queen should be. Much respect to her
nothing but laughs while otp w kai my heart
Bixa bunita
Dang...the weekend is over and that sucks! I love getting so much family time
Correction: my brother Andre Ricardo Brown.
Boyfriendsssss
wait make many more
Praying for your country Queen
don't worry according to those funny Cat and Bird videos on Youtube, They could be best friend too!
Yes
Trying to get out of a bad relationship is so hard , just glad I have friends and fam that supports me
Still Kaththi BGM Is My Phone Ringtone
Never Replace
plz sir indha deleted scene mattum
Eu to amando meu cabelo curtinho
Your perfect as you are Kira
You too babe. One day it will pay off eventually
This is the part where I cam say that JENLISA is the realist ship. Ugh why they need to be like this! My heart
Thank you
Lethal White is too good!
A Back List Gem When a convenient marriage becomes inconvenient all down to the CHEMISTRY OF MAGIC
come join right now the person who stays the longest gets a shoutout and $10 gift card for your platform
so excited to see this friday
Bricks is great honestly but what happened to your knee?
REVENGE FOR SIMON FOR SURE ~Regina~ FUCK YES YES IM IN!!! THANK YOU.. HAIL SIMON
i love joonie
nobody keep it G like
I love u more. Thank u for never leaving my side even if ur hours away
Yes, basta love love love lang. and respect sympre. Dont worry about them. Andito naman kami
Whoa! Happy bday to As Long As You Love Me
Love you bunches
Squaad
Nobody wants to see us together. But it don't matter, no
Cause I got you
Prayers for a special family would be greatly appreciated.
A very Happy Birthday to you, dear Lou I hope you have had a wonderful day
Welp gn have a wonderful & safe week. Be nice & respectful to everyone! Y'all!
i just love my man to death i love you so much (ps emotional)
Lots of love going on in here
Beauty
NO WORRIES SWEETIE
thank you nigger
Good morning
Watching "A Country Wedding" Thank You ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS MOVIE!
cute natin babe
thank you so much everyone
Once again singing every song mixing g
Is Now Trending In India Trends At 3rd Place
1
Me and be at the furniture store was hilarious but we finally came to an agreement on our furniture just
and i didnt ask for none of it , she did it all off of love .
[0h29 22/10/2018] Lohana: fiz a msm coisa
[0h30 22/10/2018] Nicolly : Ent..
[0h31 22/10/2018] Nicolly :
Dude Ive been saving so much money by not shopping this past week. Can't wait for all the big things to fall in place
In your arms is my favorite place to be, it feels like home
very grateful to have a family like mine... & absolutely thankful for my hardworking parents
AMO MUITO
The interception was heartbreaking, but I am so happy that our defense came through.
i be high and i love it
who I do it for
Best player Maurito
You have been through so much shit I feel so bad for you loved u since day one
Es el mejor
Carl not too far from me, make me come hunt you down! miss you buddy!
I think gone start sending encouraging text to my peoples every Monday & Friday
Vc tem watts Tenho
Yeah bc of that Jin don't appear cheering NJ.he was there all the time
praying for you, babies.
not about romance. about the little things that add up to the big picture of love, respect, and communication.
Y gracias por saludarme por mi TE AMO GRACIAS POR TODO
Amor ronronero
But on the side note, my baby so cute
i understand you shawn and i love you, everything is gonna be fine
Love u bff! Thanks for all the years
Yeeees me too! PLEASE REMEMBER no spoilers fam
Buy all my favorite. for always putting everything you have into your
A bond is better than a title frfr I been having the same side nigga for 4 years LITERALLY & if you know me you knowwwwww my baby
Queer People Are Amiable
I just can't stop adoring him. !
Nha tbm te amo linda
omg! yes i got one more year until grad school. I know you can do it too very strong
2016, 2017, 2018.
so much love for you!!!!! thank you for everything.
Eu e
Hey guys follow me please I will play fornite soon on gaming channel
Would get my vote before ted.
Serving Best| Lunch Reunion Dates in Hollywood| Love these gals with all my
can you help me convince my parents to buy me the album?
My hunters are home!!
The Maple leaf. Capitola, California
all about
Now anyway. I Turnip.
if like i suggest the tata one!!!! the colors work well together
Kate Beckinsale en Underworld =
Literally PERFECT for each other
also the best drama ever
btw im the guy in the back lol
Thank you, Irish!
Thank you so much for that raid I hope the Wendy's is treating you well!
GRACIAS
forever making my heart happy
The bestest friend
As I will always love you forever and a day
The person I fell madly in love with
I saw that and assumed exactly what you just said! We all know what you meant.
Sending prayers to Trinidad
always thankful for you.
im so happy for you!
Dile que y yo
We
Ya participo.
awesome i wait for more ! also ilysm more
like this wit all my homies never gonna change
my favourites!
Do kyungsooo
B E L L A
aw my poor baby :( i hope greeted him with so much love and treated him with respect instead of mobbing him.
Market Cap: $209,607,626,234
BTC Dominance: 53.66%
BTC: $6487.91412638
ETH: 0.03163342 BTC
XRP:
Thank you my bby
I wish I could be like you
Obrigada Deus
girl ik so am i i'm still going crazy over it thank you!!
Welp gn have a wonderful & safe week. Be nice & respectful to everyone! Y'all!
be honest I just wait for my first sip of coffee tomorrow morning
You are doing God's work
malaysian armys if youre going to watch Burn The Stage Sunway Carnival, see you soon
Thanks
Icons
Violet Evergarden
Requested by
fav if you like it
rt if you save it
Who need bf to give rose for you if u already have lovely girlfriends
Friendship paling sweet yg pernah i ada.
celebrating friendship
I love you so much Nashgrier and I miss!! Te
Historic Harlem landmark!
One of my favorite movies
My one and only my Aries
You came through in the end though kid. Love ya
I year 3 months
Soy
Love you more
New Sam Edit
very pretty.
Buenas noches mi Dios te bendiga hoy y siempre mucho me en twitter
Cold season
Taken months ago, almost the same pose
I thought share this with you
Amate a ti mismo
Ugh I love my how when she angry
I even snorted. Bless you.
x only person that consistently makes me mad ., beautiful af thou
Thanks for the love, Lisa. We hope you're excited for ReNew!
THIS IS OUR PROJECT FOR YOU! HOPE YOU NOTICE AND LIKE IT! WE LOVE YOU SO MUCH
I love the line
blessed to have such a great brother xoxo know what I would do without you! Happy 22nd Birthday
THIS IS OUR PROJECT FOR YOU! HOPE YOU NOTICE AND LIKE IT! WE LOVE YOU SO MUCH
It's been 3 months!
fourth photo omgsjsbsgshzhxbz so cute!!! im so happy for u baby
I still Love brother nature
literally the best stop that
be okay
with get_repost
LA Vibez *I do not own the rights to this
THIS IS OUR PROJECT FOR YOU! HOPE YOU NOTICE AND LIKE IT! WE LOVE YOU SO MUCH
thanks queen i hope so. congrats on getting so far & being so close
Beautiful and blessed performance of on the tonight. Thank you
always praying for you! We walk similar paths and you continue to give me strength seeing you fight through tough battles
I miss Demi Lovato. I hope she's doing well and thriving and happy.
The Scarecrows are so cute now.
Like if you fuck with redheads If you fuck with Maud suicidegirls
Ninja Tod (tod is one of the terms that means a male fox, and the mask over his eyes looks like a ninja)
Want a bae to Chief and chill with.
for a tbh doing them all
THIS IS OUR PROJECT FOR YOU! HOPE YOU NOTICE AND LIKE IT! WE LOVE YOU SO MUCH
so excited for my little road trip w wait to see you
with get_repost
Today Dignity joins with the Australian PM as he apologizes to
naraid66
np1hb#kpbhyt
It always looks amazing!
All about my birthday love me
Shout out to my amazing girlfriend who makes all my problems and worries go away I love you so much baby
You never forget your first favorite episode
BirthDay
BirthDay
as well!!! Can't wait till the Blacklist returns!!
My VERY HANDSOME husband continues to blow me away with his talents! Life with him has been incredible follow
also for being the absolute SWEETEST to me see u super super soon :)
literally so fckin cute i love yall
Thanks boo & check out our hair we have grade 8A hair at a really reasonable price
Thank you
De las cosas bonitas que mis ojos vieron hoy
brother nature knows how to own up to past mistakes and apologize. we recognize your changes kelvin we you
i act like this with all my homies
Hahaha labyu bebe girl. thanks ulit na woke up like this ang peg hahaha
Omg I love this song . Issa Vibe
FELICIDADES, TE LO MERECES MUCHOOO
ME MUERO SOFF FELICIDADES LINDA
Te adoro vales 1Ooomil
was
The Minnesota I welcomes refugees & immigrants as well as works together for the common good.
late to post buttt I got my
gonna miss this, gonna want this back. gonna wish these days, gone by so fast
Yaaas (im in love with your art)
The digital footprint is ruining us!
finally got everything i prayed for
KEEP STREAMING VAMPZ
181022
episode 4 is using by SYML from LOVE this song.
i did my hair in less than 30 minutes amazing what you can get done when you look at your phone every 2 seconds
my boyfriend really makes the happiest !
T
hello people
HBD
Amen one of my favorite verses
Oh, and I sob like a baby every time I watch that movie
Prince Caspian is
While staring at the art, staring at you. art to me.
Always welcome Sis Sleep well
Because for me, you are perfect. Perfectly flawed
Happy Birthday !!!!
Miss you! Hope your day was lit
Aw bby, stay strong love
Yo a ti sis
Congratulations ......... best answer
hungry for healthy and better life
Thank you
F - bonitinho
TEUKBAR IS GETTING MARRIED!! CONGRATSSS!
Me sigam
this is so cute!!!!
Happy Birthday !!! I hope it's fabulous!!!
Pagi ni i happy. Have a great day ahead everyone.
Thank you so much
Its beautiful
His new boo wont feel secure enough and make him block you eventually, fab
been watching
[ JM ig ]
JK
Sometimes i just sit back , smile && thank God come a long way.
181022-JM twitter
Happy Birthday B.I
I just want you to be happy
Rachel, please binge Mad Men stat. The ultimate agency show.
Praying something good comes your way soon girl. Love you
i suppose dorks, but dorks in love... with a hot coco obsession Clarksville, Tennessee
so lucky to be in love with my very best friend. Nothing compares
Thanks, Hannah!
...as soon as my head hits the pillow. Wired like that.
jesus. god bless them. i hope they make it through.
Eagerly waiting
Aq pode
Te amo bff
My fav dudes all in one pic
Do your thang girl Screw that crazy b$&@?!
Quando o te apresenta pessoas boas
Mind if I cry real quick...
Thankful and grateful my supporters are real ones.
If you hate Curry then your loss
THE NEW S4EP01 CRACK ||
on
GO WATCH IT SUPERFANDOM!
Link
Loving him is the best decision I've ever
Muito amor
Yes.. you are
And you deserve it
Casal 10 a 10
so sorry for your loss keep your head up babygirl & stay strong
The generous queen
Why what is going on???
Ah, que isso
senior night friday make sure i send as many pictures as i can to the jail
Salamag papi!!
I LOVE YOU BABIES
Thanks to my bro for washing my car
Comparing heights after soccer tonight! Almost there freshman!!
Baby girl appreciation post! amazing inside and out, beautiful , and she can understand my dumbass
So I made my first wig
Our first pumpkin together
Feel free to ask me questions!
tbh, so bored :(
Baba, it is you that I thank.
Thank you so much gonna miss you
We forgive you baby
My rich friend ! you already know how our ting stay from campion paring days
Good morning... Just few hours for the birthday
Foi lindo
Advance happy birthday mamsh!!!
I adore you too
is normalizing hate.
Bravo Nicola Sturgeon!
thanks girl
Sending love.
We still love you
Juan David
this is absolutely fire
When she can do both
Andrew Lincoln o fandom walker te ama muito
Me sigam
I am the healthiest mentally right now than I have ever been
The company of being there is where life's greatest moments reside.
Thank you
Meu shipper supremo
SHIPPAMOS CUCANA
Plisko
LiveMe-Live broadcasting community
Same. I am still wiping my eyes and nose. My most favorite episode, now. rosa
Happy birthday again to the best leader ever
espalhando amor
I wait to see my mom & granny on Thursday even though going home for a funeral
Sad bc back in LA and I just dropped off my mom at the station I had sooo much fun in Vegas this weekend with my family
4 compras y las que faltan willy
El mejor youtuber jaja te quiero willy
Love you
HBD
Can't wait
pin from arrived this weekend~.
sisterno
Thanx more
Im so excited and nervous about tomorrow, I just wanna thank god for this opportunity
love you bff! thanks for all the years oh and for these traumatizing flashbacks
I hope Shawn comes online and scrolls through his timeline with the biggest smile on his face.
Ok but seriously, excited to hear whatever it is.
Pprt
You're the boss too
Such a good weekend with good people
Free HD Porn Videos by
Thank you for your apology
Thank you to everyone been there for me these past few months I really appreciate you guys
Zoom-in
.
.
.
.
this is how "influencers" should actually influence.
Ily
I love you too babe
that means a lot thank u
Yes!!Can't Wait ,goodluck my honeyy
The GOAT!
Check my DM Rosell
Thank you baby
I gave blood today! First time in forever. I'm not the best at recovering. But at least I didn't faint this
Why does this feel like some kind of addiction.
Love this and love you tooooooooooooo
You make me the happiest. I love you
So sweet of you to have me in your thoughts
We lose ourselves in the things we love , we find ourselves there too
but better if you do
The friend that everyone wants
ohhh yeah yeah i saw something about that but sure what it was, thank you for telling me!!
My is at war with my
Pray! God can and will protect us
SON TAN HERMOSAS!!!!
Jikook
i suppose dorks, but dorks in love... with a hot coco obsession
My name is Mayumi and from Brazil
Thank you!
Un guapo
[21-10-18]
ig stories
Sorry for your lost
[VERIFIED] as Lee Jaejin from FT.Island, welcome and please be active.
Took this cutie salt water fishing for the first time
tmj
do anything for anyone that I know.
& be there for you in a heart beat.
Huggable
Lovable
Friend
& I have a heart
I post all this under his pic I wait til we get home & I do it all on his
Luv still trending
One of the many things I thoroughly enjoy about you
My goodbye message to Andy Lincoln / will never be the same without that Andy acting magic.
I LOVE YOU JAKE, FAV JUNIOR PRO
Love her
So today, I decided to eat lunch alone. As in mag isa lang sa kainan, hindi sa pantry ah. Whoooo! Sorry na. Achievement na 'to for me.
Better is one handful with tranquility than two handfuls with toil and chasing after the wind. Ecclesiastes 4:6
True that budday
My first screen record of one of my favorite Infinite Flight flights today big fan of the Boeing 747. Might
I just feel like this picture get enough recognition the first time I posted it
sir
The way you treat your fans is unbelievable
Sir give me some advise how to treat our
This is real friendship
Lo no sea...
happy birthday Hanbin! I hope all your wishes and dreams come true because you deserve all
I love you back
got this
You're welcome Sis and Thank You
I swear my momma is the cutest
= entire thread. Thank you.
Ok this my last time sharing this I RONDO
I wish you knew... love this
Jimin u change your hair color the creamy colour suit you best but u looking unique with new hair color love you
I love you more
mi Kathrachita Linda te quiero mucho sos la mejor de todas mi Dios te bendiga siempre
Is Now Trending In India Trends At 3rd Place
So sorry for yr loss
Had to get tomorrow off for my baby
I still believe this was a thing I remember being like HEY my friend dragging
Play our video poker Jacks or Better! The better your hand, the bigger the prize!
PLAY NOW
You guys were amazing!! Thank you for joining us for telethon 2018 Please come back soon
just watched your new video and I completely understand what you went through. Sending hugs my dude!
Jorel
people been fighting for and tried to help, if they turn on you just know in good company
She's more beautiful in person
thank you & congrats on your achievements
Best photo of Frankie ever thats
We will always support you guys! Be always that happy
I never got a phone call or text when you needed somebody You know I would of been there
Mr. Lastico
companheiro pra tudo.
For the past 3 my wife and I have bummed literally all day. I love it
Always
I'm glad that dong min is having fun on his vacation here in Philippines
To my haters only. If we cool,love yall
Also I have never been out on a Sunday bc always working so I asked for the day off for my friends bday
happy birthday beauty !!
HER SKIN isS so STUNNING
Awwh. Holy shit, this made my day, never thought my quirkiness would make day.
Thank you I was very sleep-deprived and malnourished! been nauseous all day yesterday and I
for making my mutuals super happy
iti
NOSSO CANAL E NOSSAS
Noah centineo
Happy 300k subscribers to my favorite vlogger! Congrats mamsh, you deserved it
just gotta tell you something, YOU ARE LIT SISSSSS! Dont stopppp, keep doing what you do! You are amazing at it! AOML
You have a beautiful heart i with people could see that.
thought you guys would appreciate this
AHHHH SHES THE SWEETEST, THANK YOU I wait to see you my fellow kookie stan I love you girl!!!!
Foi lindo
Que me hablan de mascherano!! John snow
If you have experienced a a Sweet Meal Prep Containers/Coaching!!! love
E do nada...
Claudia Leitte
At the same time I am happy for all these beautiful zquad
what are your expectations for 2019 ? Love from France
You such adorkable TEASE.
THE ENEMY'S ARMY MARCHES via
love you too
Thanx again 4 playing our Faves! turning on the radio 2nite &
That makes me sad sorry you felt that way
I just wanted to be clear, you said, you think I'm Right? You made my day buddy!! Thanks Sherry!!
UPDATE:
in home!
thanks shane miss u
My baby is about to have the best Christmas
Keep playing it for me
ok to not be ok
you most
Happy Birthday Kim Hanbin!! Thank you for working hard and being a good leader and taking care of your friends,,
So sorry for your loss. He looks so beautiful!
Glad not the only one lol
hop back in the Rari, King.
simm meu, vamos se ver esse find
from iam_jonathan_ - Everyone loved this Bob I did I see it all over the net and everything Drop a if
I want it to be with the only one I love
Bff
Sharon & Gabby, Lea & Aga
Ate Carmi! sobrang happy ko to see you and margarette again. Love so much!
always forever w/ me bro bro i love you
ugh i am so happy
jusq naubos ko freetime ko sayo in college. Happy Anniv HallyUP
for everything. met the best people because of you and will always support you.
congrats
ADORABLE!!
heheheheh
Minha vidinha
Good Morning God. Love You
You're all that i hoped I'd find in every single way. I love you
i see you favoriting this and my broad shoulders and i thank you
Y te lo agradezco
yeah it would be a great collab tho.
Hey Churchill Chargers!
Winners Circle wants you to pledge to live a healthy, drug free life! Show us
Sdds Tucanoooooo
NOEE FELICIDADES
Amazing dear.. lot of love
the way we see lucy
Y yo a ti mi amor!
Happy birthday
Wish you abundant happiness and love
Hi babies!! I love you so much!!
Patrick painting and both paintings to the right, all by my good friend check out her art 10/10
Wow, this is a beautiful thing...
Amo demais
I love the land
Secret message para kay crush:
Europium Titanium Nitrogen
Potassium Iodine Tantalum
so so sorry, keeping you and your family in my thoughts and prayers, here if you need anything
Rai is one of the realest people I know. My sister
I love this cnt
We gather here in paw in paw, paw in hand. Sending good thoughts to those named and unnamed. Wishing
Absolutely beautiful
Notinha
Rest In Peace Aunt Carol. Fuck Cancer
I am loving your new profile pic such a good momma & it shows! & gorgeous
Oh Finland, ever change.
We need to euthanize them Uki I will. Thanks love
Saaho first Look Tomorrow At 9.30 Am
Miss hotboxing my car with all of my best friends so many beautiful souls and amazing vibes
all for this shit baby
S03E05
And that you'll always be
Tenho 16(?) anos denovo
B&W
What's each straykids member favorite indonesian food/drink? And may you wink for us?
Mishel
Domingos en familia
I Tichina on Everybody Hates Chris
Red Red
SDF256t
I love you know that I am always here for you
for making me happy whenever im down & giving me friends all over the world!! love you
Atreyu and Falkor, Sebastian and more ...
amazing
Wow! So hot. So sexy
the one that got away, the one that wrecked my heart
Shoutout to the best team in NY
Corre a descansar!!!!! Buenas noches Wonder
happy birthday !! God bless $ enjoy ur day i u
Muito meu love
Anything for you babe.
Aww thanks marina you would have had a blast I really enjoyed the show and met some new friends
I need God in every
single moment of my life
I hope hanbin would see all these messages of love for him. After all, he deserves all the love.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA ESTOU GRITANDO
ENAMORADA DE TI QUEDE
We will wait as long as you need to update, take your time! I enjoy the wait, it makes me more excited for the update anyways
i love my friends
I want to visit and travel in Seoul that is one of my dreams
this account is made in order to create TT, STREAMS AND INTEGRATE PEOPLE.
I really need our speciality snack rn , white cheddar popcorn & pickles w/ accent
too cute? are loving it.
Dancing and screaming so loud to that everyone in the crowd asks me who they were my favorite guys
follow -
Turn on Post Notification
Story
Dinner with these monkeys is always better at Copper Rail! Copper Rail Bar &
HAHAHA rip monbebe today we die together
was awesome. What a beautiful voice. Hoping to hear more of her beautiful voice
Name 2 countries you'd love to visit in Latin America! Love from Mexico!
ily
These kind of people For keeps Thank you
Sunday Evening Chats
THANK YOU!!! I think I'll start it tomorrow too
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH QUE HERMOSO BOLUDO
The Good Doctor is such a good show
I love you. Yesterday was stupid fun
ok angel give you that one day
My girlfriend is the boss
this class is legendary congratulations you seniors (and 5th too)
May'n This new DMM game sure hits my happy spots with May'n as the OP's vocalist and KanaHana as part of the
And I dream about her taking me away from my poison
thankyou aly!! grabe yon HAHAHA luv u too!!
Please tell your daughter that good people who love ALL people far outnumber the bigots.
Cutie pie has your
Hello Monday Back to work As usual Hello SanJuan for Monday
Here comes the sticky fireworks!
This is a beautiful song
I music all different types
sooooo sweet
A bread baking, duck roasting, pickle making, recipe testing kind of
I tried to recreate picture with her friends! Lol I just it ever since I saw it!!
My life has improved 110% since becoming a mom. I feel so fit for this.
my guy.
What are some goals you hope Stray Kids achieves in the future?
Thank yoooou!
Thank's for my Samsung Galaxy J7
Goodnight twitter
Happy Birthday Kim Hanbin!! Thank you for working hard and being a good leader and taking care of your friends,,
hahahaha te sinto, faz parte!
Then you the be the asshole we all know and love DO IT
where I come from, normally I play so then people can hear
Dinner with these monkeys is always better at Copper Rail! Copper Rail Bar & Grill
GA MAU FB AKU MAU TWT! YAALLAH AKU KAMU KATANYA GELI
5000 people say YES to the keep campaigning!
Tysm
really pretty asf
14 dias mas AAHHH akdbksnfkdjd bebe
bring up my name after I dead u , recpricate that energy love
Sunflower
Please Help
I love you more boo
Caipirinha
Nunca dejen de mirarse
That moment when busted on the couch and not sure OK . Love my Izzy
going to miss seeing you!
Loved it
Tyty
Indonesia Tercinta, Play with
This drive and determination never ceases to amaze me Workouts started the day he was cleared by the
I will love you forever plus a day
Happy birthday
Always thought we'd catch up later in life. Best wishes Andrew
Que hice hoy? Ver toda la temporada 8 de Drag Race
True and Lifetime Love
Why do i love queen IM NAYEON?! Yup, her confidence. She definitely know she is at that state of gorgeousness
for being such a sweetheart for your fans are for everything you do for us, you're the best I'm
HERMOSOS
LOS AMO
PLEASE RT My owner may be on your timeline
-12x12
-Acrylic on stretched canvas
-45 genuine crystals
happy birthday
For you guys sino ba yung kasama ni maine... eeeh sammie
What Cutie panties you have
HIGHLIGHTS OF THE WEEKEND
1. Being in my House
2. Seeing my wife doing what she was born to do
MEME
SAYS U THANK UUU
S03E07
Advance thank you sa lahat ng mga susuporta kay Kathryn sa
yaar tu banda acha hai and i dont need to become anon to say that Arey jaanii bohat bohat shukriyaaa.
4 from last night
TE AMO CARALHO
To amando meu cabelo curtinho
Tan lindas
I wish you an excellent evening, night and lots of sweet dreams bro
Me, I go to sleep because
This is so sweet
Love his voice you r really amazing Mr Gill .
Midnight Singing
I found all these old pictures of me and Nena and this video of me, her, Felix and Keith
A mais linda falandooo
Ah, the honeymoon phase of a manuscript, Rae!
ops.
wAAAAAAAAH I WANT THIS!!!!
AAAAA AMO
UNIDOS POR PRAZOLI
Isa
I Love You, your magic, the divine being that you hide,
like a puzzle, so delicious, bring treasure, to
This it chief... pray for
For missing the net? Haha
Thank you
Thnk you
Ame-se mais a cada dia
I have my own best interest at heart
iti te amo
Happy birthday beautiful
October vibes
I may not go out every weekend as I wish I could but I sure love spending time with my mom and that I trade nor give up
Just this weekend my sisters friends restaurant was burned.
Any donation helps
Happiest birthday sweetheart Words would never be enough to describe my love for u, blessed to have you in my life
Had the best day with the people that mean the most to me
Blessings your morning again
boa noite
if i can talk to anyone about anything... mommy i really love her soooo much i miss her i wanna go back home
Vegan Taco Dinner.... Homemade by me! my guest said it was AMAZING!!! Something about that word I love
Baby sis is clinging to my leg and baby bro has my arm in a death grip
Puppies make my happy
hi just wanna say i love you all and your experiences and feelings are valid!! all powerful, beautiful people
Oh boy I am crying. Thank you Colleen
I love Hritik sm but he still can't beat SRK
Ya Gama3a ed3o l my bestfriend enu l exam yegy sahl w t7l 7elw awyy please you can do it babbyyy of luck
I will continue to love you both
sigo en shock, la amo mucho me hizo muy feliz
it
pretty happy... Weekend really helped my process
Thank you bro much love keep working because your next !
Thank you love
I can always count on you
My friend loves ur works
But I couldn't read angst esp the one with dead charas
It's may triggered me into slump
me notaram oi anjo td bom
Happy birthday girl!
I think maybe your falling for me
It was an amazing day! DC United
Estar com sempre!
Anytime! I loved getting to watch her do what she loves! Thanks for the invite!
If you haven't given blood in a few months.. will you go soon?
Do it for me- I am unable to
Little man has these cool shoes by to add to his collection! Love them!
Congrats
Keep going and stay positive
Lord, thy will be done.
Gracias
jisoo must be really beautiful inside & out uwu
so happy huace uploaded the series with subs hope they will do it for , too!
Yessss of course boo!
Good night loves!
Just saw and it was everything I wanted it to be you are such a badass
HELL YEAH
Why canvassing matters
Handsome
thank you so much for following me again I love you
My team from the radio. I appreciate the support.
Ekip mwen nan radyo a. apresye a. Richfield
Mom, I love you. I know I don't show it that much but I really do
Rest in puppy heaven little chewroo. you will be missed.
In love
torri brought me cake to work
Thank you Lord!!!
My honey
Who do you guys ship the most with in stray kids and i Love you guys!
Had to take cute Halloween pictures
A.K. High School & College
Our Love
Our pride
Our Glory
Goodnight please check in with your friends and be nice to them
Fam night out Mike's Bar in Tigerland
Es un angelito.
Sos el mas lindo wacho
cuties (: Glad you enjoyed Paris fam (: Love You (: Stay safe U!
Wow aisy b hoty
Notice me. Jeonguk its my inspiration for my clothes.
Oh stop! so humble!
My family lives on a hill so they are safe and well Austin really flood so good.. thanks for checking
Im a Trump supporter but that's HILARIOUS! I IT
not affected at the moment but I know your help will be greatly appreciated
thanks lovely and I am now
looks like coming to warm you up in November
messing with u I barely use that shit anymore
I love you jimin
Me and my sisters gotta do another girls trip this summer cause my bday was a time to remember we had a BALL
Creations & Design Event Planners LLC. Thank you for all of you support and love
That sweet ddg
Goodnight, beautiful people!
Sleep well, Sweet Dreams
just reminding the world
thank you i will get to your msg soon
haha yeah, he does remind me of shouyo, my favorite
JIKOOK
\ /
Boa noite
pumpkin in the 1st month
the only one that hypes me and I love it
I wish you a happy, beautiful and an amazing pregnancy I can't wait for you to take us along
Currently playing: No One by
Aka my all time favorite song.
I should also listen this
Graham Coxon - Tell It Like It Is AKA Graham Damon via
the official assistant regional manager of dundler mifflin
Thank you, happy pill! Love u more
Goodmorning
letting these oils sit for 6weekz can't wait for the results
w funny movies and good food forget the good vibes
I love you all my friends, thanks for all
be your man, fuck these lame niggas ok
Original post
I'm a cruelty-free beauty blogger
dubhejoy.carmen@gmail.com
thank you for sharing your story, you are incredibly brave for doing that. i'm sorry that this happened to you.
Thank you sweetheart
My first time seeing live as champ
steady on my mind.
Hey mani I been calling you
And profess their love for each other
Thank u Lord.
sir
The way you treat your fans is unbelievable
Sir give me some advise how to treat our
Goals.
all of me loves all of you!
19 october was my birthday .
So, my song Is badbye.
Thanks. I take it Like a gif. Ahaha.
Los amo .
The Weeknd & Chill
"You're crazy Wildcat"
The
i fuckin miss u :(
all your help would be greatly appreciated
Me hacen demasiado feliz.
I
My heart.
Beyond grateful for these 3 and that I get to call them mine.
This is beautiful
Wow never seen that before!
HMU for Brother shirts us reasonable people need to rise above the cancellation seekers. $20 a
I Noodles!
More girls nights!
Pre celebrating with hot cocoa lol
like to thank Justin Tucker and Brent Maher. I have gone 6 for 6 on bets without you guys
World Peace
You may now tag me in memes once again
Damnnnnnn! 50 cent is so freakin sexy!
im speechless thanks for this beautiful album
Nervous wreck here. I hope you are right. Unfortunately I'm surrounded by conservatives and
you guys are so brave for telling your stories so proud. you are believed and you are loved and supported. always.
I love you more than anything
Dom: are you doing babe? Laying on the bed looking like a
Me: I feel like a potato but
A gente briga mas se ama!
>> <<
Good morning, baby.
.
.
Thanks aro bro
.
.
Love u
RT hadexoxox: Christmas wish list...
FAV = Full Acces
SEGUIR:
End: 10 minutos!
i have had the best day
Love you buddy thanks brother
QUE SHOW!!! OBRIGADA,
for creating friendships just like this
RT
You got this
I honestly wait for Nikki vs there promos are
all for Black Love
Take that downtime.
rolling loud ready for us, but so ready for it & being w my bff every day of summer
Got to meet Alton tonight at Bold city church
From
That rap will be done before January
Dang! It only lets me this once!!
Sonny
Yep
a wrap until New Years
Netorare y
I thank god every day for you sweet boy
Thanks for coming Tony!!! I really appreciate your support! Glad I got to see you guys
Can't wait to see brad
John via story
imissyou , iloveyou
make it but I hope you have an amazing game Flacaaa go kick some butt
like to thank Justin Tucker and Brent Maher. I have gone 6 for 6 on bets without you guys
i want a puppy as my baby
According to Thomas & Love, I'm "it."
an amazing movie
de muchos con este
Thank you so much Ingrid
Well done, so proud of you!
I your coffee
It's time like these when patience means everything, more than anything.
hi i was stalking you and this is cute okay bye
loved it, goodnight! ily!
ciumes te amo migs
wish I could see u
Bom te ver
Sisa semalam
Omg
Today is the start of A job I and I am proud to do. Just so
I know everyone says it .. but man oh man .. my family and friends are my everything ..lord knows where I'd be without them ...
Loved it, goodnight
What a night
this! Thanks for sharing.
Kim Namjoon camate po favo
Love you girl
I only regret not doing this sooner
Good night I loved
surprised its not like Bibro FanClub Brodependency is our OTP
LOVE THEM SO MUCH!
.
.
Good seeing you and the Caramellos too
a lot of nicknames but they are all so cute
I know who I want to do a post-doc with!!
16.10.18
It was from me and & ur welcome
anyway you could check out this video i made you, thank you so much for everything
see thiss pliiis
Que orgulho!
Taste da rainbow
A request:
welcome I know I get nervous a lot too
Welcome back
RATE THIS 1-10
Smash that ! Tag a friend! Detroit Muscle
i just wish everyone was as accepting and respectful as you are
It's in my letter! I got you.
Melhor
we fucking loved it, badass
Aaawww the babies
Hanbin is one of the strongest man i've ever known. You did great, leadernim.
Soo Precious for me
Nothing like a bond you share with your siblings
Aw. My niece has been asking for me every day. Oh gosh.
Fuck with local babes at
amateur creampie blowjob gothic porn milf teacher
estar estudiando , pero no resisto con esto
Son unos bebes
Sometimes we forget to stop and look at the beautiful things that are right in front of us
Congratulations William Lee!!!
Loved it!!!!
Congrats
My Birthday!
worry my love, I support you 12 year old say the dumbest shit.
Thanks love I really appreciate that
Sweetest smile such a bright light
KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
thank you to everyone who made my birthday dinner so special
What special are you doing today?
I want to be next to her and listen to her music
L O V E
Damn it I love this man!!
Queen
The best san na u?
con y
Beauty and the Beach
sincerelyravs
Barcelona, Spain
Happy birthday Ty, hope your having a blast in heaven
Without a doubt, The Princess Bride
But you earned it
thanks bby
She is super cute! Love her smile!
Mother , mom , mam , mama ,mum , only one withe different words
THANK YOU SHAWN! PASS IT ON!
Will you ever visit Singapore? Also watching your vlog now PS Love you and Daisy!
Happy birthday our beloved leader Kim Hanbin thankyou for your hard work for iKON, we will always love you
Another great episode.
Yugyeom aaaaa o sorriso dele me enlouquece
Ok but why are my friends so cute tho
Whew I is tiiiiirrrrreeeeddddd!! lol Long weekend this bed is about to bless me!!!
Thank you Jen.
always love u
Eu sou um amor
We drift, I love you so much
I love you thank you
Just speaking from the heart bro!
What a babe this is what a UW gal looks like, stunning
I am HONOURED! Love you chick
I ugly cry. Slowly making progress.
hey friend you know I fwy
My first notice! Liked by Amy
Friend
What an awesome day it has been, 20 looks great on me Thank you all from the bottom of my for the birthday
thanks for saving pics on your phone and posting it here on this blue bird app
Hey I u
Thanks Jinx.
Btw, that gif is super adorable.
I this past weekend at Bikram Yoga Huntington It was a great Sun Lotus Yoga Immersion.
I am very active when it comes to tweeting.
Good night sun, I love you
I love u with every piece of my heart
Intemporel 2018 finale for edwin.alba!
Maquillge :
Hair : artham23 & rhinodep
Earrings
A gentle reminder to all my followers. Love is love.
Los amo
Notas al chico que me cambio la vida gracias
see this!
I am so blessed to be Loved by you
I Texas I lived in Austin when my Dad was in the Air Force Loved Growing up in the Military Ted Cruz
Wow did this!
ang cute ng header ko shet
Chilling and playing some Escape from Tarkov! Come hang out and chat
The tenor page got ruined because one of us graduated
We want to pass it on, so just enjoy our best friend page
Woohoo congratulations girllll
haha rough pics but ty Jules ly
Awwwwww! Look how happy the koala is.
I take any more of the original group dying you will be greatly missed! You are awesome
The company of being there is where life's greatest moments reside.
Sock It To Me Creme Cake
Find A Man Who Can Slay Both Oh My Gad! Wat The Heck !
This was so touching
I
Awesome photoshoot.
Idk? maybe but I was in 7th heaven
RIP MJ
Making Cinnamon Rolls
Pantai Nanamun, Kota Belud, Sabah The sunset is surreal
Thank you so much for this beautiful lil gift, I appreciate it
Non binary illustrator and character artist - I do this for a living, so any support is appreciated
thank you jimin~ah i love you i love you more jungkook
Danielle Sellers will get you going this Monday (25 Photos)
& what u did
Norman Reedus, I love you with all my heart
i think i'm in love with you
is pretty awesome, she can solve my problems in 7 texts or less I her so much.
The movie Star Is inspired me so much, I feel like I just need to sing everywhere always and never be scared.
Come through dimple...& congratulations to y'all
i love you with all my heart my best friend happy birthday my love!!
Everyone pray my prayer book comes true so I can work toward spreading the gospel around the globe.
I love you tato
thank u for everything !! good night
Nice headboard! this is reason why I love you tremendously
I so Sabo!
to all of my amazing coworkers!
This tweet aged well...
Stay from around if you with me fr when I told you love I really meant that fr
hello! feel free add my real instagram account hehehe, :), hehe, thanks friend! coline
Super random but i really love my LS
RT hadexoxox: Christmas wish list...
You da best
Thank you
- to the best big / older sis thank you for your help today. You are awesome u gf
Finally
What a cute pudge
Awnnnn my god they look soooooo good ho god like how blue jimin and and beautiful jk love U guys
Seeing the people I love Happy warms my heart
Thanks for stopping by
Sagittarius have that affect
last day of order today
I love black gays couples so much
Devastated this happen to you Tegan wishing you all the best in your road to recovery.
We still ya Cheetah.
thank youu
I love jikook
Love it!
Ellos, mis 3 finalistas
Gracias
Oru Viral Puratchi
Happy Morning
Good morning
Agora
i miss tf out my mean ass baby daddy !!! i'll see him ina morning lol so whatever
all the way
What a mood sksjksks thank you
Thanks momma shawcroft lol
Thank you
Awwwwww. So glad you like it! Congrats on the new place!
claro
is now live
such a paper thin veneer for the cruelty. Just barbaric.
I Thigh High Socks!!
I want to find my forever wedding date
Music to my ears
I this song!
Sandstorm rolling in
I understand. Sometimes we just need to let things really suck. Hugs to you, friend.
Promote Promote! Follow about_e_2018 on Instagram for authentic U.S Products
a mis loquitos clubschnauzerdevzla schnauzer_world.lover
RT hadexoxox: Christmas wish list...
Wish I was celebrating this sweet souls birthday w her Enjoy yourself tonight queen
Amo tenerlos en mi vida
Red colored lips never go out of style
No problem love . You were beautiful
I love you endlessly and loyally Millsie, but we REALLY needed that win. Thank you
Daniel please
Bless ur for taking this baby in ~
y orgullosos
com o meu moreno
Thanks, Stacy!
happy 300k subscribers to one of my favorite vlogger!! waaah i love you
When i let my god siblings use my phone lol
Sending you lots of love
Morning!
Fun outtakes from today! Proof Jeff was there!
you are amazing and capable of anything, which means you will be able to make it through this rough time!!! you can do this!!
The only reason I watch WWE and go to events. My favorite for 18 years
Proud of you smarty pants
Happy birthday my lovely B.I (Kim Hanbin)
Coolest Person with the Cutest Person!
ain't she just the cutest my niece
been feeling awful the whole day gosh thank you jikook
Ellos, mis 3 finalistas
Art by Isaque
So pretty :) so happy for
be so hard on yourself, doing a GREAT job momma
Te amo
Please follow and ReTweet!! God bless
Ome of the best moments during this trip 10/18/2018
a perfect set list if ever seen one
I this woman! How brave, to say what MUST BE SAID, ... in front of GOD and ALL HIS CREATION.
Vecinas brgs
EMILLY PERSONALIDADE INTERNET
amo da minha life
In love with this world. Beautiful hike with my girls.
for this unforgettable moment of your life in Brazil love u
Ahhh
welcomeeee
Gud morning vikku & all d best
Hehe thank you
i am really sorry for that! hope you can get through it
dah shitttt love u bitch
I ain't no candle in the wind
Love you
Thanks for the retweet! And thank you for uplifting trans, gnc, disabled voices
Gabi Rainha
No, thank you for sharing your gift with us is there anyway you can extend 4AM,I know it's
I miss you, let me know when in SA. go to 13th floor!
Cloud halloween
crying because the whole time I read this I was thinking is I found an amazing man.
My fam is white but my mom actually seasons food so thankful
That man above gone always come through i swear
So sweet These two are the true definition of love!
for a tbh
what a wonderful weekend
Aww me vas a hacer llorar, tttt quiero mucho
Thank you i feel the same...because i have to pretend to not be trans to even get a job... But now
Okay but your dimples are literally the cutest thing in this universe right now !
Its your best habit tho fr dont change who you are just bc people are too flaw to see the good
I love Louis Tomlinson with all my heart
Armys tienen Instagram?
Pongan sus user y nos seguimos~
my whole
Forget your past and simply be mine
This man really cross the line cold heart
THANK YOU SHAWN! PASS IT ON!!@ShawnMendes
im so happy to have my best guy friends in my life
These two have my .
.
.
a Alex
i hope you are ok, take some rest now
I am so so so lucky that Brennon is mine
deadass everything about you is perfect ihy
Goodnight loves
Stay with me and have it made
Thank you
LESBIAN
RT This & Follow who RTs this
Yes! He is a Prince of Darkness. ready too.
A true gift To us..
Thank you love
Yes you can but for me you are already a friend, sweetie all my followers are my friends
My mom has spoiled me my entire life , I wait for the day I get to spoil her everyday
thanks for this
Your a true friend
Your song help me a lot in releasing my stress
Oh my idc what anyone says so happy it feels amazing to sit back and have a smile on my face all day
meu bbxin
Bem
so fucking amazing Seth! I love you soooo much!
Just need a dog, loyal
Won the Lotto
Best Daddy/ Daughter Date ever with my baby girl anthony_moshe juliemoshe
To my EJ and Tristan, Thank you boys for this. namiss ko kayo both
Oh and I love you
RT hadexoxox: Christmas wish list...
Es mi hermana y mi asistente
Date with mama
My type of Sunday!
This is true love
Weeena
Son tan lindos esos tweets
Amo a tu
thx sis
I my sissy and I know she me riding with my sissy and I know she riding for me
spent one-hour in reading exo theories, ka mga bright ba uy my bobo brain cant relate hahaha
wifey seems to be eating her rice and cabbage. You go Shaneezy.
forget to check
Like if you fuck with redheads If you fuck with Maud suicidegirls
you killed it as always
Minhas meninas , amo mt
Saya menambahkan video ke playlist 5 Green Tea Skincare D.I.Y.s Cheap and Natural Beauty Hacks
And when it gets hard, she reminds me you van bounce back
so sweet, I love you so much baby
is so cornbread thick
welcome
I will love you forever
did an amazing job, thank you!
My favorite person ever
Anyone that reminds me of him gets held on to close
AMORES DE MI VIDA YA LOS A AMBOS, LOS AMO CON TODO MI DESCANSA SARANGHAE!!!
I loved it! Daryl... Maggie... Good night, baby
Your an earthtone woman beautiful
Pleasant morning bae
i really celebrate Day every year im excited for 2019
PUMPKIN PATCH With my PUMPKIN
Thank goodness we have support from wonderful people like you. Thank you!
Dear superhuman HSCers.
Sending love from Face Faxx to you you beautiful thing possible feeling
Can you give me something make me happy
This boy!
This project is one the best ideas ever I am loving it!
for a tbh
JIKOOK IS REAL.
I my church! FBC Kaufman little light of mine, gonna let it
Good Night Sweet Dreams Love Y'all
I the farmer family!!!
Especially a rockstar! only the best wear ;)
I felt this energy.. I just need to be at this destination. Love Jada
Ishaaaaaa I'm really sorry behen
10 DaysToGo
Happy Birthday Isha
I love you so very much
I cant wait
Awe it's okay Patrick
so glad i found the 666 groupchat it has given me so many new friends
She is so beautiful
right back at you thanks boo
THIS
'The Haunting of Hill House' is an overdue victory for badass lesbians everywhere
a drop of precum right on nipple
God is always on time
Iti
love you so much AAAAAAAA
!!Affordable Hair!! ITALIAN CURLY BUNDLES YVONNE HAIR
this - Very helpful
we u brother nature!
Que hermosos
has produced great music tho. Thanks
Fan boy with his favorite
S/o to my mother in law the absolute best! I asked her for stew and she made it for me and her son is
I corncake
2 things no one can stop you from doing ... Forgiving & Loving
Por todos
Love you
Wassup Lil baby
Monsta X Fighting!
Me either had a good time with you all and love seeing play
I love u my channel in youtube
the main reason why im going to seoul makes you want to explore the history and culture of korea
our fellow Americans. Trump brings out this great energy among the patriots! excited to have a
Te amooo
Sheepskin ear muffs for you
God bin
thankyouuuuuuuuuu
na duvida...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY HANDSOME MAN!!! extremely thankful for all that you do for me! I love you
praying for you, baby
I pray for all my family down there
What a productive weekend
Lonya gets on my nerves seriously but I gotta love ha
I watched this story saying wow so many times ... Truly amazing!
Only love me
thank you
what did we do to deserve this angel ?
Aaron Paul Wagnitz
proud of you
Happy Birthday B.I
I love you
Stay healthy and safe
I had two cats that were always warring by day and snuggled up together like a pretzel by night...I love it!!
Of course
Thank you
Absolutely beautiful WOW !!!
he needs to know tough love
Gave My Best Efforts
Followed All Rules
Biggest Wish To Win With You This Time
Fingers
Willie K...
Yixing - Junmyeon - Kyungsoo
Yeah, i agree with you. Wonduek showed us a different Kyungsoo
wifey seems to be eating her rice and cabbage. You go Shaneezy.
forget to check
Baby daddy, husband, loml, and absolutely amazing man I could ever ask for I love you and our son so much
Happy birthday to my father since way back when, love you brudda hope all is well get to wild for the 21st
Crazy about you.
Feia
Amer in love
Awww, Neeks take the time you need.
Love our CA Governor
One of our greatest Governors!
- Climate Change Advocate since
mood
LOUD ANAL FUCKING CREAMPIE AND HUGE TITS- FULL VIDEO
Hector Immanuel Dela Meced's Lines.
Story: End This War
By: Jonaxx
--
nga po pala si Hector Dela Merced.
Mis bebeeees son lo mejor que le paso a este mundo!!! Los amooooooo arriba mi Jikook
Great question! I love those guys.
Knowww that you loved
= An unbreakable agreement.
My covenant partner
The one I war alongside with!
I love you
Sos mi motor, por vos sigo
Gaga, Shakira and Rihanna too, ugh her minds
You totally made me laugh just now thank you Joy I honestly needed that you are the best
Gracias
I love you sm, thank you baby
Oh Nip, what a handsome boy
Eu amo ele
/ / making memories man with this guy miss in the
is the color...hundreds of millions is the number!
Happy birthday I miss you homie!! Hope your day was amazing! Love you brotha p.s. best pic
What a beautiful name it is the name of Jesus Christ my King
Thanks a lot friend
Much appreciated
Baecation We went to Walt Disney and my queen shined like a diamond
I Love This &
I want to dress up as cruella deVil next and my mcm on a leash as my Dalmatian
Okay. Fr going to bed now.
Goodnight xx
One call fade away everything
thank you love
Thank you for publishing this piece - it is deeply personal and kind of painful but it is what it is
Dami kong motivation hehehehehe thank you
Lunch date with my Bebelove Angel at Gaisano Mall of Davao (GMALL)
Thank you so much. It means quite a lot to me that there are people kind enough to care.
A star is born
Yay!
Watching old videos of singing in the gospel choir made me miss singing we were so talented
I my sissy and I know she me riding with my sissy and I know she riding for me
I NY en New York, New York
Currently with Shortie
Wow! . Tagos sa
thank you bby!!
Keep Tweeting With
calma
I love you baby f&a
Thank you, William!
Hearing on SNF made me so happy for them
miss ya bud wish I could see ya.
Lush lush aqua marina and oatifix
Guess It's time for bed
Goodnight all
's new album is giving me life
asddh buenii :3 Gracias
Yall cute as fuck. That third picture has me crying cause the way yall look at each other is so precious.
Awww what is Zorbicon sounds like a lot of fun
Gracias
Ask me questions definitely bored
amazing!!! Love you
NADJA OU GABI??
NADJA
GABI
Ya me de where stars land
Hey pizza boy~ I'll grab a slice with you anytime
Awwwwwww I love this clip its too cute and funny. Love you guys
Ya
Gracias
Border Collie? are SO smartWell Done!
yes!!! more than welcome over any time!
Salute to this brave soldier
Thank you boo
Aw Flavia!! Happiest of birthdays to you
RIP Wing he still with me
Handsome
Uhhhh bueno
Nuevo Wallpaper
Por parte de
. Good morning nice Image In My dear Instagram friends creat by real rajpoot
Salamat po sa pic! Looking forward for more updates to come po from you and from LizQuen! We miss them terribly.
Love this!
thanks for much love
I love you so much
Igualmente
e eu sempre
Amo
Woah...this is crazy haha
coloca sim
I love you I appreciate all the music you put out!
wait to spend forever with you
VEM VALE DO VEM ME ADOTAR VEM VIDA QUE EU SEMPRE SONHEI
When just sitting there watching the game and your song comes on. now REALLY missin Kansas
Miss you too!
Aww! Thank you so much
Wore my shirt today for ya
I absolutely love seeing this picture of my parents. Wow
Movie and snuggle time.
Wish You A Very Happy Birthday
May God Bless You,Stay Happy
Mi mejor regalo
Doubleween
such a vibe
Monday morning made!
Thank you, you wonderful, wonderful man
I'm ready too see my baby
please, is there any possible way we can make this happen?
thank you honey
Halloween Jam was gRAYt!!!
Love you
You are killing it so far this season!!!
The first cake given to me for my birthday thank you so much family for remembering My
okay have a nice night obsese
Fun view of R22 through cabin!
Shawns home in Toronto!!!
Thank you gurl missyoumoreeee!!!!!
ay man i was never mad in the first place but i accept this anyway
Aslamualikum.
Good morning have a beautiful day.
amo tu
From Maaike Sunshine Alchemists & Soap Co...
Love it!
saw this tho, so silver linings I guess. it's way prettier in person
Oh stahp, wonderful bb. Everyone is amazing, trust me.
Gostei
ur wild but ily with all my
feliz hermanita!!!
Right! So much positivity that I don't really mind it to much.
Dios te bendiga y te proteja siempre TQ! Buenas noches
.
.
Thank you but not as cute as you
Only love me
I'll fucking slit your throat Marcos
still in rotation slim
LO QUE YO QUIERO
Love yo
lmao thanks
Cuteeeeee~
"All the components; history, romance, adventure, travel and intrigue, skilfully woven together."
LO QUE YO QUIERO
Check out this schedule! Going live on Instagram Tuesday 10/23/18 9 pm est with fab and funky Lularoe
Visited in February and absolutely loved it
10 hrs of sleep. Whoo! Heaven! after so many years.
LO QUE YO QUIERO
for a TBH
I love my baby girl so much
Oye te amo xd, eso es ser gente :')
LO QUE YO QUIERO
Love cuddling up with my mans and baby boy
LO QUE YO QUIERO
CHRISTMAS IS COMING FRIENDS. XL FOR EXTRA ROOM
Amo
I love you Norman so happy with this season so far. More Daryl is what we needed. One of my
Ya skin is so clear king
LO QUE YO QUIERO
*LO QUE YO QUIERO
Yes. With God's grace.
This is my tattoo that I made for u guys
LO QUE YO QUIERO
Thanks boo
thank you!!!!
Se eu amo? Demais
You are amazing G'night sweetie Love you bunches
Me: Omg lovee! First Christmas man diay nato ni together.
"Yeah, not just first but my best Christmas ever"
00:00 mis amores
[VERIFIED] as Park Bogum from Actor , welcome and please be active.
*LO QUE YO QUIERO
my family
Thank you Blaine!
by And
0000
to and
Girl!! Thank you for coming!!
a tbh
13M Te amo
TUNE IN!
We are LIVE on Twitch.
&
A few more from our last day!! Best trip of the year by far . Thank you Danny and Becky for letting us use
[GIF][21/10/18]
~ Buenas noches Ahgases
Cr.moonlaughter
Sam_choi | YoungJae GOT7 Peru
When you find a chip with a shaped heart in it and notice right before you bite into it! Oh, how I love
Fr need some clients, Retweet this
Kisses right back love Pussy Kisses Yumm Night Kay
Get you a hype man like Wil... love you so much you're too kind
130 each na lang
ALL ARE SIZE 27!
ALL ARE HW SHORTS
ALL ARE NO FLAWS CAN PASS AS BN!
Buy 2 for 100 each!!!
Love yourself unconditionally
so happy that your dream came true you passion for art is so cute,,,,I LOVE YOU
Keep it up babe
goodnight i love louisandharry
So in love with this love. I am in a healthy, loving, & thriving relationship rn with the man of my dreams. Someone pinch me
Final show ever
I LOVE YOU. i know that probably help but good to let you know that i do.
for a tbh
About to go to sleep and glad I got to see this before I logged off. Your art makes me feel something so good.
Amor meu amo mais q tudo
A patient and understanding heart, Lord.
It's exam day but i still want to ask a question hihi
LO QUE YO QUIERO
Valentine
This year you're mine lhighasfuck!
And you, whom will be yours?
If life was a movie
be your favourite actor
be my favourite scene
be my favourite chapter
I needed this
E a Taylor Swift e a Demi Lovato
Had so much fun today with the family
get a good nights sleep. take care of yourself. we love you.
Thank you so much!
Enjoyed watching it! Super cool!
I
Thank you sweetheart
Today was the best day ever Circuit of The Americas
Solo shoot by the industry's hottest and sexiest blonde
Beautiful
LO QUE YO QUIERO
00:00
LO QUE YO QUIERO
Happy birthday auntie KP!!! Love you so much and I hope today and last night was perfect
no there proud of u for sharing that in a world like this
por favor!
Mi baesita
LO QUE YO QUIERO
Kanna Kamui
Halsey
A reminder that I am female & couple friendly Dom/sub/fetish&kink all welcome let me see some new beautiful faces at work this week!
1.Keep Sensitive Apps Private
2.Add recycle bin to the gallery
The one of the Hidden Feature Vivo11pro
something about Indo-Westerns
I wait to see you again. Killarney
you may feel small in this world
but so beautiful to me
my everything
so blessed to have met my soulmate i love u a lot
Morning
LO QUE YO QUIERO
Thanks for driving 9 hours to spend the weekend with me, I love you forever
I will do sweet, Miss you so much be a stranger now Loves Ya
LO QUE YO QUIERO
It's nice to be important, but it's more important to be nice.
You got my if you ever need it girl
Y State of grace
I love u two
Pray for my boyfriend in theses streets why every time we beef I call & say meet
Fifty Scars of Grey
Time spent with Granny is a blessing
D
I
A
D
E
I
N
T
E
R
Always!
How them
Amen!
A tendon repair. Hallelujah as it been a hip! be in my thoughts
Amo
This made my heart burst i stan
Anywhere in weho so many fun bars. Bowling too in Hollywood at lucky strike!
I have cologne at my place. I just sprayed it on my Now going to bed smelling like him
I saw an Orca in the wild today. My heart exploded with joy. It was so beautiful
00:00
Fun fact: owning a neko can be good for your health.
Bunny Sneha
Surrounded by the most amazing people and I be happier
heyy and thank you
Spent the day showing my sister-in-law and family our fun little Frontier City. used to Magic
So pretty
Danny Phantom
Sky reminds me so much of
Elas me ligaram
Je
Irmandade
We Are Family
Now I got them feet in my head
....shame on you ! Post a pic of them cuties PLEASE! Early Christmas for me
Watch broadcast: Sunday Evening Chats
good morning!
you getting thick cousin yesss
Marry me
Yeah bitch I know.
Omg thank youuuu! Hope to see you soon
Daniel
Thanks to be with me thanks your open toe heart
' '
LOS AMO SON PRECIOSOS
This is my heart right here she been giving me no problem and back to doing good in school so
I Tyreek Hill
looking beautiful
was my favorite part of absolutely her
RT:(@Ohrangutang) CanadaLatinStylee x ohrangutangtv Little Italy,
We have hit 900 Twitch followers!
Thank you everyone
Thank you
Happy birthday to my love
If anyone wants to share their stories with me then you can always dm me, or sc me cuz I know how it feels
Touchdown KANSAS CITY!
Cierto.
. [21-10-18]
ig stories
LO QUE YO QUIERO
Los amo mucho
We ana.bamooot feky
Zaddy
I love youuu
happy 300k subscribers to one of my favorite vlogger!! waaah i love you
+56988050441
So excited! soon in cinemas, Kapamilyas.
Gracias totales
You're so very welcome
Thank u so much. I really appreciate it!!
Lord, this is for you.
I Believe In God , I Panic , I PRAY
It may pass seconds, hours, days, months and years, I will never stop loving you
thank you sweetheart! i miss you
Thank you
LO QUE YO QUIERO
Only person missing was our dad .. keep resting in heaven dad
I talked to all my friends except one from home this weekend
Beyond tired . We did so much stuff for son today. forever grateful for my family.
Been busy cooking this weekend I watching dry! on a few
I stories in sport about the kid that gets cut & uses the failure to fuel his training for the next season
Hey, very early stages, but I started script kiddying a cli for larder thanks to your open API
I LOVE YOU GUYS
Finally in a better mood
Que linda!
My Lahore
I love you
Hot Damn
replay
a supportive king
Saw my grandma, Tia and Anthony today. I be missing my family for real
If yo phone on one percent you better call me baby
Tq donning Blossom by
So many goals and set of plans for next year
you guys love the feeling of when you get a notification from someone you like or your favorite person
Yes Shes getting better and will be back
Yes she has stolen my
Fabulous
we are vessels of love
on PS4
Sissssssiiiiiig.
Thanks Alex!
congrats P! go kill it!
Clean bedding AND Charlie keeping the bed warm for me... I am spoilt
Morning to everyone reading this
Can band do this
Oh my gosh...! Michelle Kim!! I you Nayun....
The world needs more role models like you, Jalen. You are talented. You are someone to be admired
I Started to Get Hungry And I got in a Grumpy Mood Cause I have No Food
Luv you so much babe
That was epic!
Me too! Love My Texas!
Watching updates on Hurricane stay safe, Mexico!
Minhas
Te amo ?
I move tomorrow
I love you
aswenluthorzor-el: I love two dorks They belong together, come on
happy birthday, especially on madam secretary day! hope you had a great day!
Purest form of love
ily!!! so happy you came into my life
Happy birthday beautiful girl
Ahhhhhh damn, i'd do anything for you ,YOU ARE AMAZING ,I REALLY LOVE YOU SO MUCH TO THE DEATH ALWAYS AND FOREVER,
YOU DESERVE THE WORLD
Night
Good morning
Do you remember when you joined Twitter? I do!
brownie com a sua mina
I agree!!! I live in Argentina, so far away. This is the only way that I have to see the cons. Thank you for you all
That depression will fuck you up boo, talk to someone if you need to.
More than anything I know everything was all just part of plan and it will work itself out later on. Patience is key.
Love you Bitch
Smh, we know your are the truest professional. This tweet reiterates that
DIA DE INTER E VAI TU TE FUDER
Their friends and allies vote too.
I'm Ready
Too excited for our adventures.
Thank you lord
Cosita linda
Some favorites of my favorite
Congrats and I knew you could do it!
Let His word be the sweetest good morning message that you'll receive today
glad been able to find some peace in that
Mouth full of of my b4 ! How & is this
A very cute bat indeed
I Would Like To Thank You Who Have Watched and supported my streams in facebook
My Application For The
love you
Felt so good seeing dad today bro he gave me the biggest hug while mom mugged me the whole time
I could but tape on my glasses and carry around a dictionary
So happy I got to be with him last night sex was amazing
Valentine
This year you're mine KJ93T!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
40 DIAS
at first sight
Our talavera flamingos and other colorful friends need a home. See all the
i hope u will have a good night i love u
AAAA FELIZ te amo neni
7 princess
this manz is very pretty check him out on the twitch
This is the cutest thing I wish I have had to work today I love you congratulations babe wait
What morph is she? never seen a Burm like that! beautiful though!
Lasagna.
I love sm
Thank you skz. Stays are so spoiled
Love my lil Fam so much.
I love you
My new figure for my pop toy collection. I'm in love!
You're such an amazing person.your tweets are hilarious .i love your account.
and i just sat in the parking lot for half an hour waiting to pick up tyger from a
Like | Retweet | Comment
FollowUs for more Bible Updates
I miss you so much
D-5
Real
Friends o How I met your mother? reply for suggestions
hi I love you, you know you can always talk to me
Love this time when it starts to get cold reminds me of New York
Silvia & Isi
our boy is all grown up!
My Beautiful baby girl
Click the link and watch fam!
This program = chills!!!!
I cut my hair short and I love it
Stolen, Comment a heart!
Cute picnic
Date at the movies
Cuddles on the sofa
Drunken kisses at a bar
-117
O DELA FOI O MELHOR LUGAR QUE EU ESTIVE
Typical father and son moments
10.20.18 Stow, Ohio
Thank yous to everyone who watched, subbed and donated. May your cabbages always be safe and sound
Aixing no
Thank you
treacherous
Yo siendo un profesional con mis supervisoras.
FINAL BIRTHDAY SHOUTOUT TO MY FAV BIRTHDAY GIRL the countdown to 21 starts now sis
Mailob
open up and you would say hey it was enchanting to meet my heart
You deserve better, you even care/be jealous over JAMAL ITS ugly. Definitely a downgrade
hi I hope ur having soooo much fun in Finland rn hope safe!!! U better tell us all about it when u get back love u
I just watched it, heard your story, saw your heart. Beautiful. Thank you for sharing your story
my mom is my fkn WODLD the strongest woman i know fr
Yo
R U JOKING ALL YOU HEAR WHEN I OPEN MY MOUTH IS SQWAAAAK I love u princess
literally having the same day /: I hope things get better for you bb! I love you
Hey! Hope yours is just as good as mine having fun in Maryland yet?
SOOOO happy for you!!!!!!!!
love you always
not my number 1, my only one.
just watched the and your just as beautiful on the INSIDE as u r on the OUTSIDE
love you toooo
I miss my brother
We accept it
Yay friends for life Aww thanks so much feels so strange finally today worked so hard
my mom is my fkn WORLD the strongest woman i know fr
I knew it! you value your lives, be somewhere
Han! your fashion icon? always flexing good looks by the way I love you
lex tin wel fred tags ron kuya
MAY EU COM SONO VOU MANDAR UM TEXTO LINDO E MARAVILHOSO MAS FELIZ MEU BEBEZINHO TE AMO
Dear Chloe & Max congrats
on the birth of your baby girl! May she bring lots of , joy, and most
You are very welcome!!
p mim
Girls putting the 'Undress' in Sundress (37 Photos)
I miss we talk that much in the past week prayers for her
94/100
Same, at least you're not alone in spirit
I could put tape on my glasses and carry around a dictionary
My heart is so full
:c pero que bello
Well....almost but can't wait to hear ur mono namjoon bro
The best feeling ever when i was watching my Crush in the crush and suddenly our eyes met and that moment mad my day!
better late than never go shop & show me
Follow everyone who retweets and likes this
I love you Hales
Gig'em and God bless
all done! I even whitened my teeth
I love you so much my amazing bf who takes me to every show in town
love you so much laney
LRT Holy crap please support this artist!
all is well that ends well am i right?
253 days!
Now I perform for me
I wait to hold & kiss my baby proud mommy of two boys
Thanks Anna :) miss you lots and hope to see you soon
advance happy birthday!!!
Just talk to my brother i miss him so much
This is why your my friend
Oh!!
This is a wonderful idea!!!
happy being happy with you
Thanks Cat
Yes please can we go to my cabin babeeee
you high af. and i love it.
Oct. 21: Geisler farms with my boys and movie night with my girls
You so hot and sexy my friend I would love to do 69
Que tuit tan hermoso.
Yesterday attended late night party at home
MansionHouse
new user ... thank u mars the best person i know
hala speaking of. SAME po tayo.
Ima miss you Shelby love your energy today for game day
Omllll I love and miss you like crazyyy
Girl, awesome!!!
GIRL, I hope you have the time of your life!
I U
Perfect Size House
- you still in ya on that court ?
I need to sleep. Stop giving me heart attacks! I love you now please let me sleep!
Two weeks until the vocal king is discharged
H
O
J
E
T
E
M
I
N
T
E
R
Soy crack amo t Marti
He also said some other really sweet and amazing things and i literally couldnt have a better end to my weekend
Staning exo has been a one hell of a ride but I love and cherish every single moment of it
The look on this face when she runs on her own for the very first time
My beautiful daughter Jennifer I love who you have become as a woman I love how strong you are and how you are
god man, I gotta life to live past all this
Good Morning!
and you are god and you dont miss a thing
Nice. see if I can top this 3 shows. Hoping an Indianapolis or St Louis show.
JIMIN JUNGKOOK
YOU WANNA GAIN OR NAH?
FOLLOW ME &
RT THIS TWEET & HER TWEETS
INSTANT FOLLOWERS
I really sat in the car with oomf last night for 6 hours talking about everything
We love you
today is my first class of Animation...Need Ur Blessings Shreya Dii
Sing your our, Emi!
Favorite place
Mi
Thank you Hillary
I Adore You
AW what cuties, thanks babe! I love more
Sos la orejona hermosa
Forever wishing this song was longer
Be there
T-Pain is FIIIIINNNNEEE baby
Fright fest on Saturday and Dark Manor on Sunday all with my baby
295 de 365
22/10/2018
That tea kinda Love
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Hot 3-way with Alix Lynx, Kissa Sins & Johnny Sins
lots of love! will see u again soon hopefully
caring leader
What an episode
Happy happy day!! Hope you got your upgrade!!!
- I love this movie.
Ugh my heart
I know how I ever got so lucky to have you in my life thank you for being my other half
I had the best birthday week thanks to this human. Praying to God I get spend another quarter life with him.
your soulmate
Love what doing
I do still care about skating tho. Was very proud of Nathan
care less, you'll be less stressed
good morning!!
I appreciate you being a great person dad
ur a great mutual and ur so cute !! i love seeing u on the tl
everything
La amoo!
Es la mejor!!
Lose It-SWMRS
All the time
Tbm amo vc
thank you so much!
if i said i was asexual. i say i was asexual bc i did. no i
Thanks Marv! Miss you lots, keep tearing it up this year
Still love you and Caddamus.
Omg so precious
You know I would if I could, stupid
The History wasn't my fav subject but the part of Egypt History was my fav to learn I do search from
I love you too
Neverending Story. Remember taking the little boys I babysat to see it.
Sa uulitin mga besh
WOW hot and totally out of your league
Goodnight Michelle
Mh fechamento
The best
wow. so honored and humbled
AAAAAAAAAAA EU FIQUEI TODA NERVOSA COM ESSE TEXTO
QUE BOM QUE GOSTOU MEU AMOR
GA LIVE VIDEO PJUD
Ok sorry for laughing but it was funny and cute BUT CAN WE ALL JUST APPRECIATE HIS CUTE
Amo UNIDOS POR PRAZOLI
I played with Shack bro....if you wanna send a chall to my real team i got you.
Watch what happened at 14:52 in broadcast: Sunday Evening Chats
He found his supper.
Happy birthday to my princess the greatest thing ever happend to me(besides the racecar) I hope
Happy birthday lil bih love u
Just wanted to say happy birthday to my beautiful little sister!! my best friend & I love you so so much
Beautiful daughter
LO QUE YO QUIERO
Yo
Quick Blowjob During The Commercial. She Hates Swallowing !!!
obg
Be gentle.
HMMM THANK YOU TALEN !!! LOVEU3
LO QUE YO QUIERO
I FEEL LIKE IM THAT BITCH Probably the reason my boyfriend is going to leave my crazy ass. If you're reading this I love you bb
i adore you so much thank you baby
I took my parents kayaking today and it was one of the best times of my life. We honestly had the best time
I that moment in when the last feels like such a release.
AAAH,muito obgd meu bem
still my heart
Always, school comes first
How cute
Yassss
WHAT I DO?!
My little brothers are my heart
Idk what do w/o my best friend
On my ear as I pretend to adjust and say my battery is going dead I gotta call back hahaha
Best opp Realme C1
Battery back up good4230 may
Mobile screen compare to
__
I actually think she's worried about me!!!
.
But I stopped crying (
You got this!
My freaking Queen
Just finished We should teach a high school class based around this book.
Just finished There's Someone Inside Your House. Oh my goodness! What a read! It was so good
Next up? The
Luke and I are ready
happy bday handsome
A huge shout out to of gratitude they HELD the thank you!
So handsome
Next weeks memory scripture!
Really feeling thankful for the people in my life right now
Hope it means lots of happy for ya, muh dude.
We Jillian, too - well put !
thankyouuuu anna
Hang in! Take a nap tommorrow!
Happiest birthday to my genius bae. Neomu saranghae Kim Hanbin!
I added a video to a playlist Wherever You Are ONE OK ROCK sub
Ooh valuable insight! Also thanks for caring about your QA peeps
My loves
Love you
Happy Birthday
Good morning world Ella Railway Station
Count down to your birthday pumpkin pie.
you need words to feel better, you just need the nearness of your ~ Natalie Loyd Son
You are wonderfully made Thank you for being such an inspiration, simply my HERO Happiest Birthday to you
Neeh
Baby x Summer Walker=a vibe
Matching onesies on a sunday ... that kind of love
ily okay don't forget that
Melhor pessoinha
thank you!
you can live with me
Happy birthday, little angel!!
I love you!!
Ain
BoA is a queen, omg
i love watching this
Ohhh okay. :o Thanks for telling me. ;3
Haha, so that gave it away huh? XD
Nice! Ran is my 3rd fav after Tomoe and Himari. ^.^
1. because you love me
2. because you love me more
3. because you me most
Happy 5th anniversary to the most wonderful people in my life.
aww, she took a picture nung ADN with both their photos
2/8! Bb pooped in my room again hay I used my alcohol na parang Lysol hahaha weee 1/4 done with the daaaay
forever and always
Accepting things for what it is, without allowing it to define me.
Soy consciente
Happy 5th anniversary to the most wonderful people in my life.
I love you on twitter too. I be stopped.
I finally got my copy of your book (Thank you for helping me with this )
The fact that you guys are actually friends makes my heart happy
Life is to short to not take a random mountain trips. Grandfather Mountain
bonito y emotivo momento!
This one just touches my heart a little more.
I shoulda excluded cousins bc all of us understand our busy lives but the uncles and aunties that drive me crazy !
what were the odds that and i ended up prego together lol but THANK GOD
If I have any abilities at all, rest assured I use them for personal gain. Thanks!
Love should be always the way
Finally Updated
Short Priscilla and Reina from the Mae Young Classic
Stream Soon!
Tune
i enjoyed my mini vacation w/ bae
Aw baby
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Jennifer!
View from our room Hotel Mactan Island Cebu
love virus is my favourite song that he sang his voice is just so
Morninggg sa lahat ~
Sem problemas amore
Viro rotina
Loved the episode Have a good night! and I can't wait to see you in Atlanta next weekend for
SIGO SIN SUPERARLO...
Best indeed best.
You are the wall
Ter Stegen
Hi, ate
Thank you for all the likes and RT... You guys are the best!
i know we talk much but i love and support you and if you need anything lmk!! thank you for this thread
Luscious Asian Girls With Tantalizing Goods
Ship
If your close to me at all, you know this place 15 years worth of birthday parties, Christmas parties, family
aw babe I miss u too I keep saying come visit soon and I but I promise I will
telling you all it takes is PRAYER IT WORKS !!!!!
So happy with you too
Buenas noches cirujas
Happy 300k subs on youtube my ultimate fave hubadera Congrats mamsh!!!! More vlogssss pa!!! Hehe
already on there :)
Tienes que darte tiempo para ti.
Luego a estudiar
I am speechless Kevin!! We are so fortunate and blessed to have you in our lives!!! Thank you
I get this song out my head! Love it
I love this
And this nerd is all for you
Aweee wa ko kabalo ani pero shet I love you so much ateee
Just watched this little piece of magic three times in a row and I think I might do it again
so proud of you, you can do this.
Hablame al wsp
It wont reach our borders
I this whole scene
Morning
Keerthy
Prabhas
Eagerly waiting for this combination
Um anjo desse, meu amor todinho.
Mi todo
cristalzinho
If ever I won't win this GA, I can still join the second round right? Thank you again for this GA
Tu sacas lo mejor de mi
Permita-se
S/o to you single muvas do a hell of a job cause shidddd ....
You cant stay a phoenix forever
back now buddy!
i love you so much and I miss talking to you!!!
4am but Night
Thankful for to have to vent all my problems to
True love is never hard work but the infected won't give you a visa. So don't tell anyone.
Love Birds Clicked Together
Priyanka Chopra and Nick Jonas Chilling
Follow
Inquiry iumarajaz
You are strength my baby
Thank you love!
aff em
Just finished chopping it up with my baby brother
Sinceridade tudo... Hauahauaha
Elissa from concert in Cairo -
don't get down because of haters hating, use it as motivation to shove your success in their face labyuuuu angela
cat, Minnie, loves Stray Kids! Her bias is Felix
Every time are on the TV glued
Ily for this
quarteto desses...
amo vcs
this has been a good ass week
first time getting en la maquinita
Jin
you everything to me
first official merch!!
thank you
Meu baby
Ya van dos veces que me contestas :3
OMG! My heart
TO GOD BE THE GLORY!
I am beyond blessed by You, good Lord!
Driving with Atif Aslam
Sexy Handsome Self....
happy almost Monday
thank you
so hey uh donghyuck. wanna come over and gush over my michael jackson collection?
WildCard- What's up Kya chal rha hai ?
BB- India meh toh abhi Sree Sree chal rha
-Bigboss
happy birthday morgan !! love u forever
Haz lo que te haga feliz
I swear we need to do that again I will never forget that night
I am blessed to have this kind of friends na sama samang sumusunod kay Lord
Yiee Love you guys!
Love you and miss you all
AMO A
Rain in Heaven
Thinking of you Em
My favorite time of the year is approaching so ready to be around those I love, eat food, crack jokes, and just be all around happy
Mi
They're so crunchy!
thank you so much for this I really wish this pain upon anyone at all.
Cuddling with my baby is literally the best
Monday, the start of a new week I love it
duhhh.. with ALL my
rainy weather + opm song =
Thank you ate! Good luck din po sa exams!
your new header gives me life & also your avi is gorgeous
*Radio Disney
Kind soul indeed
Valentine
This year you're mine IQiii9!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Uno
had a good ass week due to my friends, bf, and family. I appreciate all of them for making my 18th memorable
Yes!!!!
sdd
Omg for sure ! We are all family now
Happy birthday
Couple more days and be in my arms again
You impressing yourself and everyone around you. such an inspiration. I love you.
welcome! Yummilicious is the perfect word!!
- Morning Love
Happy we could go out and celebrate 33rd birthday on Saturday! Love you Seesterbear!
Ay NO ME LA CREO LAS QUIERO
Good morning
Have a nice day
Perfect ending to the perfect weekend
morning
It is all worth it king
Good Morning
- PLEASE tell us that is replacing Be permanently! Love Carson and Thom!! What a great show! THANK YOU!
i love you so much!!!! you are the most beautiful thing in the world to me , I ask for more
2nite was brilliantly incredible can't wait till next week I'm so head over heels in with this
yeeeehaw
God Bless
It's 4am and I'm just going to sleep so Goodnight
Que bueeen fin
chill...
first time getting en la maquinita
Me Ve the Haunting of Hill house
ooooownt
Low key, I keep it moving boo
te amo, fica bem
I search about Egypt history too and I love Ancient Egyptian your History is so mystery and miracle
FS
I love them
I think wonderful
Idk but when you find out, please do share!
Spanish guitar ~ toni braxton
Good morning. I wish for today to be a better day.
Coyle-ing is now a verb.
RED
PATRiOT
gracias x tanto el mejor
Amor.
Goodnight, frens
Uoosee! Tap* Tap* Heartue! For you and hope I can finish my FanArt of IN2IT hollowen version
Love this Paul! Praying for you Becki
She made my weekend great six flags together then got us a puppy
taking a little break from these squares for a bit. Time to recharge and reprioritize. See you soon
Amoooo este
Directo al
Unity can make your all section pass the examination ayieeeeeutt!
Beautiful
I HAD FUN WITH YU TOO . 75
I loveeee this song
had a good ass weekend due to my friends, bf, and family. I appreciate all of them for making my 18th memorable
Joaquin Bordado, Lupin, Zorro and Captain Barbell
Good old days
My code gets you free domestic shipping on orders over $10
HOJEE E DIIA DE INTEEEER CARALHOOOOO
Finna post a video of my shoulder then that way you can cry on it
for a tbh
Love you babe
!
I love that I could be your imaginary teen mom.
Rainy weather + opm songs =
I enjoyed today
Amber it was so great seeing you tonight
I already know! I appreciate that
Today quickly became my favorite sort of day
Teaser Updated Views Have Crossed 20 Million Views And Trending At In Youtube India
I love you THANK You
If you look like this and play games my DMS are open
Como andas rosca? Todo bien pinche chango?
Same here! Thank you, Elizabeth!
Happiest birthday to my genius bae. Neomu saranghae Kim Hanbin!
Diamonds are a girls best friend!!!! My Halloween costume is made and ready for work
Congrats
8 days till we find out what baby glassnap is My heart be anymore full
Merle was definitely my favorite, not so bad, bad guy! I feel if given the chance
i my work fam
forever a classic
Yessssss!!!
Minha vida todinha
You not canceled bro. We still love you
the sweetest friend love you sm
This is meu
11 meses con esta maravillosa mujer
Te amoo muchooo
Re play a mi domingo
Everyday my life getting better all I can do is thank God for having his way with me
Valentine
This year you're mine blankahp4!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
That new to me tho ! ITZ Really in my blood ASK MY MAMA
Friends! Have a nice night, sweet dreams, I felt a lot of love from you today so I am sending you back my nighty night
Gotta love this
Shoutout to the ones who have seen me at my worst, and still decided to stick around..
Hugs. Hugs are positive
The pleasure was mine wait to share more about this project soon.
i did exactly what you said too , you already know you my heart
wait till we say goodnight with a kiss instead of saying goodnight over the phone
awn
i'm so sorry you've had to go through this. sending love
HAUSHSUSHSH
Hi introvert
Amen , we have the same exact heart
He is my whole heart i swear
Pela vez pq sim
YESSSS BITCHHHH
Marina is my girl but besides her Nadia and
Only a few hours left for this girl's birthday. Hope you had a good one, Kate.
Wowowow Wish I could be this stunning
Hermosa gracias
Thank you so much to who is another New Friend on Twitter! I hope you enjoy my Tweets
Good luck
eu e meus super
SHOUTOUT
Thank you sweetheart
Things will work in your favor
look what I got sick beats see you soon and dear dad are my favorites
wait to see
Sebbity now streaming Travel & Outdoors, go show them some love
next week Katalina will b here
and I got married 1 year ago today
always be your cover from the rain, your shade from the
"I love you so much, someday I want to meet you and hug you strong strong and never let go and the distance can
hope you had a great day today
i miss you too my baby
Good morning baby
Music is beautiful my nigga
I thank God everyday I found it and that it found me
her face is saying what the hell you tell me be this cold
Pin this
Thank you love it's okay, it was long ago. I'm still fighting with depressions because of that,
Bella it's my everything
come on visual legend
Lipgloss~ the blood of my enemies
here if you ever need to talk!
Hey thankssss! :D
EU TE AMO
Nothing like coming home
Oh...my...gooooood!
My first day diet
RED
The Old Red Hills of Home Goodnight, Parade. told your story with two families now and I wait to
Meu amor todinho afff
Love, healing and God.
2 female cats up for adoption please contact us if you are interested. Area : Kota Kinabalu.
ugh i love you too
How bad is that !! Can we just make North America Great Again... with love to the POTUS from a Canadian
So it
Congrats
Santorini, Grecia
mehmetsert
11 Days To Go
< Next Saturday >
SDC Halloween Party@ colette Dallas!
**The most anticipated event of the year
- Come out
Loving the weather
Respect and
viu hahah
Sending love to everyone pouring their hearts out today and sharing their stories. You are so so loved
And that is what it is about!
So many customers came in & called me beautiful today.
new profile picture
always felt phones be allowed during dinner dates .. this is a gem
love this!
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Karis!
Jake and Amyyyyyy
for everything
I wait to see Raven, Tyler, Aireyon & Lex this weekend. My faveREDz.
Thanks for being the only one that sees it
Tell him I love him everytime he comes in & out that door
I actually have one
Your name can make me smile for damn no reason
I love your photos May I save them? What editor do you use??
Ti fofoooo
I'm happy to hear that
obrigada por tudo
Thank you so much tag
How precious!! Gotta love those fur babies
Thank's for your suport. Amin. Big for you.
HSUAHAAUHA te amo
11:11
-meet smosh and smosh games
(Day 319)
I love you Jimin and Jungkook! I'm so proud of you guys, take rest and get well soon!
friends is cute at like too when imagen strange
my guy! You super cool and down to earth
11:11 hug Shawn very very soon
Good luck to both of you guys
Foo okay, I love you and always will
ibagens de ontem
I them
California was the best with my love
eyes wide open hoping call
Blessed Happy Birthday Kuya Continually seek Jesus in your life. Love you kuya Marc Daven Llaneta
So sentimental. What a journey
I am so in love with this little girl already
Haechan na... I recommend for you this spring song by se o... please listen this song
Because
You've shown me I have reasons I should
And
I'm learning how to love myself
E
naraid66
n0vuan@xx$h1
so proud of you ash. doing big things
check this out I helped animals find FURRever homes at our Arm & Hammer Pet Adoption Day. Keep the
Keep in mind, this caravan is smaller than a Trump rally We the People greatly outnumber them
Happy 2nd Birthday to our Zoe!
Is my bff not the cutest ?!?
Chale aao paas mere thoda aur thoda aur thoda aur.....
Space Ballroom
This is outstanding! Thank you so very much for this. I will be passing it on. Much love to you and your fantastic brother!
hasm
Eu sei. Oh God, te amo tanto
Aw, Haleigh. I love you and this is really thoughtful. Ily
HDM? it
Thanks, friend
Running From My Shadow literally came right over mine and heads, I had my arm
Harry is deep in thoughts...he must be missing his lovely wife
still craving for Turks' Beef Pita Doner
People just want to get in your head.. you are beautiful
2017- Melhores Amigos
This is funny. Thank you Nikkie
Yappy hour
Orgulho 50mil tweets UNIDOS POR PRAZOLI
It's anything for him
thank you love u long lost sis
11:11 happiness, always
Absolutely
Omg is she okay?? Tell her i hope she feels better and is in my prayers
alive and breathing we good
Te amo!
Jimin | calvin klein
cr: voidbones
Go support voidbones on YouTube!!!
La la la~
Would love to hear that
Nice Q&A from
What a woman
Ana Cely es bien bella
11:11 my relationship
It's Gaining Time Worldwide
Retweet and like this fast
Follow all who like and rt this
Gain followers
Never had a bad boy, always been the good boy
Enjoy a beautiful song by
11:11 meet Taylor, Ariana, Andy, harry, 5sos, lm, Niall , Louis & Liam
I love thank you
I needed to see this
just extra proud to be a Nebraskan right now via
Mine just started hurting too so same. I hope you feel better soon though
Vote November 1st as your next King of Hearts!!
LO QUE YO QUIERO
good morning
so beautiful love you Konnor
thank you, Bobby
Header //
" NBA 2K19 " Tried Something New
Show Some Love
Headers Like
goodnight bb
sleep tight dont let the bed bugs bite
Great venue audience & choir! How blessed have we all been to have sang together
sir, no one was ever mad at you. As your fans, we completely understand!
Need more people in my life like her
I rarely post so this
I love you more
Grateful and Blessed. 1 score and 2 years! Paz Village, Barangay 24a
We started off as close friends
My momma always has the best advice
passionate whenever speaking because everything I say is coming from the heart
Mannn super proud of you bruh and I care about you so much. You practically family. mad at you too foo)
Happy Birthday
Bubba & I had a perfect day. And it was great.
Love my mom always makes sure im good and calls me almost everyday
I support you regardless people are allowed to make mistakes and grow FOH to all the haters
Eagerly waiting for to add it in my plaYlist...
John Wick aunque sufro mucho cuando matan a Daisy.
All Tonight by Midnight Meetings
My is so full
How are you so precious omg December cannot come soon enough!!!
Ah, thankyou!:")
my brotha
ORGULHOOOOOOO CARALHO! AQUI PRAZOLI CARALHOOOOO UNIDOS POR PRAZOLI
Eu amo o Breno
Appreciate you
Still, I've got to do better.
Sleepy boy is sleepy
I say celebrate your birthday for the rest of the month! In all seriousness I hope that tomorrow - and
After ilang hours ng labor. Success Thank you lord for the safe delivery kahit may 1 hindi pinalad
Shows how with love, patience & commitment profound healing is always possible. You are loved Ingrid.
ocean adventure!! i miss going there
amo esta foto
here for any and all of you. I love you. valid.
Exactly!! here if you need it
Heading to Florence for a cheeky few days with the hubs.
I stan all of them!
shit glad I know my worth and they bs but thanks sm beautiful I appreciate you!!
This is beautiful
Good morning everyone
Oh look one of the most beautiful humans in this entire world
Wish you were here
I had so much fun at my launch party event
My feet hurt so much tho
the pretty cake my bf had
Just a precious baby we found by a dumpster
Happy 1 year and 9 months i love you more than anything, you make me the happiest
Eu e meus pretinhos THEO E ROMEU
Happy birthday even though today what we thought be I still had fun
I love you too
Just keep grinding, get there harv
Valentine
This year you're mine OBobJohnes!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
you so so much for all the love tonight
The hosts, the raids, the hangs!
I had a great evening
So in love with little Roo and fall time.
Kids do well if they can.
This.
Oh really interesting thanks
She already knows wtf is going on stir stir bitch stir stir
deep talks with my sisser seriously my rider through thick &
Huy God bless!!!
I have an eternal covenant of blood with Him.
Praying Sis
just a little morning surprise proposal Congratulations Jaycob and Nikki!
[22/10 00:00] Playboy : feliz aniversario
[22/10 00:01] Playboy :
muito meu bb msm
Most beautiful, spiritual, most memorable part of my summer was this tour.
he really is.
ahhh u make my heart explode
I just finished this portrait for I hope you like it!
I didn't know this either, I know of her I just didn't know she was trans. Much respect
Back at you ugh ily
Wait. I got a bit confused and almost made a really bad joke and HAPPY MFN BURFDAY YUNG!!!!
Kimani and I have only been friends for a few months and already one of the realest people i know
Los amo
Love ya back! Goodnight
GUYS THIS IS THE BEST DAY OF MY LIFE getting shouted out by your favorite YouTuber for your birthday is
Te amo simplesmente por ser
slowmotionnn
Right. Time to get up.
Ask these brewdays (and breweries) are special.
But today is incredibly personal.
Gracias
Me and my sons travel time
Thanks Rylee. I love you
Dr. Scott is a gift from God. Dr. Contessa is so blessed to have him. He is blessed to have her, too.
Vegan bag from
No animals were hurt or killed in the making of this bag! Just like it should
honesty is the best policy.
the man behind them. That SHE had to move, ridiculous! He should have been tossed off.
: MY BITCHHHHHHH i love yo personality!
Do u like it when I touch u there?
Good or Bad Hair
Lost electronica Phantom Electric
ahhh thanks so much for this yi and eun!!
So much love and respect for
Currently trying to stay awake, but hoping that doing okay
better
aw thanks gabbie, i miss u too
ooooh only you
ty bby
XDDDDD
I really hope this all works out with this horse if I get him going to put my all into him
Same
Felices 5 Meses Maqui
Good Morning
Cute Expression
my is sad because there's no NYC, wya?!?!?!!!! We miss you xoxo
was good to us
indha dadava marana adi adikanum Thalaivaaa....
Waiting madly for ur crisped screenplay....
......
These past 3 years and 4 months have been spent better without you
She is fantastic! I love you
Misha
You make my day complete
So happy for you and Fessy! You two are the sweetest. Love and big hugs
whatever you feel and however you express it are completely valid.
my girlfriend is so fucking beautiful inside and out, I stg I wish I could cuddle with her ALL day and never leave her side
love you so handsome
2016 Shake It ! fanart
from Texas and rooting for
humble yourself, your time WILL come
FELIZ EVAAA MUITA LUZ, PAZ E AMOR PRA TI, TU DEMAIS E MERECE O MUNDO!
Not to be dramatic or anything but I would literally give Rudie my own darn leg
Mail time!
Thank you so much ciocolati for sending me your nama chocolates! I can't wait to try them
MUKBANG
e formar minha family
y abrazarte
Phang nga
Que cosa mas hermosa !! Y tengo el normal igual
So heroic can't wait till me and my fiance have a child. This picture sets good examples and positive vibes
Te quiero tanto
I really have the best friends
Cuddle the fuck outta me. K thanksss. I will return the favor.
Thank you to 619actionphotodotcom for coming out to shoot these single-horsepower engines! We
Pumpkin patch was a success
Yay! So happy for you!!! We love you!!!
Wish you very Happy Birthday Aaradhana papa
God bless you abundantly
Love yu soo much Cutieeee
Ya porfin eh terminado a mi I lovet :v
Valentine
This year you're mine blankahp4!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
gantengku
Peaceful view from the rooftop
Kick pa ta dai. Hehe lets hope for the best
i love you so much dani. im always here for you
Everyone who sees this please retweet it and help me out
Honestly me either
Happy Birthday
Valeu
Awe Nav I love and miss you lots!! I hope you are killing it at U of M.
the view that I love
We're def impressed with the dancing a1 still got it. Thanks so much for last night!
Las
I love both but I have two cats so cats
Hourly Jonathan
you need to sign him cause ready for his debut album
7 Habits Training
Confie nEle.
Xiu looks great in the trailer I'm
Taehyung
- Heavenly! She's beautiful!
We understand and miss you! wait for the video to be posted
Tops ma_marys Com minha Samantha e a blogueira
I followed you back
take em to the park
Heading off to bed. Goodnight
Good morning fellas
See you in December
Love you!
this boy... he kinda stole my heart, he calls me tia
Keep being amazing, Chris! We you!
ughhh I LOVE & MISS U LOTS BB
So this happened 49ers baby win or lose at Golden Gate Bridge
Hijo miooo \( u xD
Sabrina Gopaul
___________________
Public shoolboard
Trustee
Place your vote here
SE VA ACERCANDO LA FECHA!!! FALTAN PARA VOLVER A VERTE EN MI
Tits McGee, Thanks for the follow and please feel free to RT and our pictures.
on secondlife. I've changed her since these photos but they are cute
Robert (Beto) is
If you Texas and the , You Beto Vote 4 Cruz!
all memes aside, their wedding looks really beautiful
Home is where my heart is.
te amooo
Love my friends
Thank you sugafull-nim
Needed today ty
sending love
to buy shakira or niall follows and i gave many reasons, they are my whole life
I everything about Mahomes. Especially for always coming through for my fantasy team.
Queria retwitar isso
chase my dream just to bring them to you
Get well soon
Kyra anak cimit ibu yg paling pinter
aint messy anymore
Everyone will be home this weekend.
Homecoming was a blast
God is Great My mom gave us a bit of a scare last week. We placed our trust in Him and she is recovering
I hope my soul mate is out there making ironic Tik Toks as we speak
proud of you baby
Ily bee
Yo shout out to and for being the coolest twitter fam.
inlove
Can I just say, I have the most amazing support people been a hard day, but you guys are truly amazing for checking up on me
when back office says tell them what you just
bestfriend
Much love to you for being an amazing person
Sip!
Younger & Elder Brothers at PWD Islamabad
Roman
Why is everyone telling me that if I have a girl to give it to them? Like noooooo it's my baby.
I just wanna take away the pressure
Literally can turn my day absolutely around.
Can't help but sing along to the champ's music and cheering her on love ya!
Bali or Paris my next vacay jus wait on it
Sobre a RDQ
Hey i love you so much and thank you for the video today, it helped me a lot
Apple really be doing me wrong with the my damn trynna forget
My boy literally makes my heart melt whenever he calls me
I'm so hooked on anal
Good morning
I appreciate an apology where someone takes ownership for what they did and try to make excuses.
Muito amor em ums foto
Arizona sun sets
Ailobiubeibe
Just The Way You Are
naraid66
k1@ka$tttubkn
Blessed everyone's tl
LOVE sleeping for 12 hours straight
Reached out to a friend from college tonight things ended on bad terms and I always reflected back on that.
Absolutely! Congratulations in order for Moma
OMG thank you Ruth hehe! You're so gorgeous too
Good night everyone
Might Start Streaming
Drop a Follow
Hey hey Jean. Nice to meet you!
Christian made me so happy this weekend I love him so much!
FELICIDADES!!
baby girl if u love me set a seal on ur for me...i love "you" but do you love me....or should look n search elsewhere? I need to know
-- Next Saturday in NOLA --
SDC Party colette NOLA
*The most anticipated event of the year.
-
his smile tho
be nervous! sure all love it
texting my baby
mana, que txt lindooo
thanks for putting a smile on my face every day even when i'm sad. ilysm camerondallas
Facts Free Palace the realest bitch I know
Market Cap: $209,669,497,469
BTC Dominance: 53.7%
BTC: $6494.647435
ETH: 0.03168847 BTC
XRP: 0.00007034
Don't ever let anyone dull your sparkle
---
Watch more:
Facebook:
i appreciate the love Aylin, thank you
Good Morning my Dear Friends
Thank you so much Twitter
Do you remember when you joined Twitter? I do!
happy birthday beax!!! I hope your day is amazing and full of love because you deserve it!!
This makes me miss my brother, Richie, a three-shooting basketball player, softball thrower, track runner,
I imagine. I know that type of pain too familiar though. Just know with you
My favorite dearest bartender has been the greatest supporter of me abstaining from drinking every time I go
Sorry you have to deal with this nonsense now but I'm glad you are okay.
Love ya
Thank you Shawn for making me happy even if you just post a or tweet LOL in everything you see.
You're my
mane you a real life gorgeous and super sweet
Love you both
Oh my heart!!!! (chills and tears)
Movie marathon while cuddling with someone u luv is
rsrs
So pretty!
her baby gap in her smile or her arm tattoo.
I just love this friendship so much, hope Selena is getting better, all love and support are sending
Buenas noches nenes
It makes me so happy to see you all happy
Hmmm smart girl , thank you
Well I'm here if you need me!
Beauty that sweeps a guy off his feet
Stunning
FELICIDADES!!
2016 fanart
Shake It !!!
I just wanna say tank you so much for this, say that women need more respect is very important and necessary
happy birthday i guess you sis
2017... 2018..
Thank you so much, my nighttime here ... I will be in dreamland soon
Sweetest dreams to
181022 HKG > ICN
Happy Birthday love you
3 anos desse show foda (saudades)
Want more places to promote your book, we have got plenty of options for you-contact us at
You will never know how i feel... i gave my all to you my Love was real baby
He was 13 at the time, nothing here to be torn about. Kids grow and become better people, like him
I could see that too but I like him no matter what
She is so damn pretty
Get you someone like in your life
about sir in today's program
- ajith sir
Follow
11 days to go not 12
You know you gone be my boy 4lifeee miss you love
I wanna stay with you until we're grey and old
I love LoCo a little extra with all the random hate tonight and yes that includes David.
and on that note, good night!
I hope the good people in this world find a love as pure as the love I have for
U already know love
this dude said he likes my personality
:v xdddd
Sorry I feeling good. I promise call you tomorrow
SIGA
SIGA TODOS QUE FAV
SIGA TODOS QUE RT
COMENTE SDV
SIGA QUEM TE
Look at my sweet sleepy angel baby
it was so good hearing from her today
| EF Seattle
Old timey jazz clarinet solos are greaaaat!!
Welp that made my whole night
My future husband
- see you again in February ~
Love you
i really hope
Como te amo
The feedback that i get about my customer service
Sometimes you have to go through the fire to find a newfound love for life
Hello new Facebook friends
Praying for all of Trinidad.
Hope your Sunday was as sweet as this Daddy Daughter Duo
Thanks for sharing
Thank you my bro. Much love
this pic makes me so happy
Ily
if i call you brother then you my brother
Good night friend
my future do anything for ya
2016 fanart
Shake It !!!
News!!
God bless you
You are my brother because God is our father
fluffy and scruffy
b e s t b o y
Yes, loved this episode! Goodnight sunshine and thanks for the like one of my edits
P smp
Thank You
Very nice reply
I'm the same way
Troo
My bitch is my bitch she gon do what i say
You're so sweet omg thank you! I hope you get to see him in person soon too, Cathy
Just a sneak peek for all of my twitch peeps. I present to you: Mr. & Mrs. White
Love it!!!
awwn thanks margo
have a great week. ily
the best i love you
Quando tu recebe esse
Kyra anak cimit ibu yg pinter
Torcer p sp >>>
I NEED HEAD EVERY SINGLE MOMENT OF MY LIFE
I You too
Looking for sign if Angels exist?
Look no further. If you rejoice in the way things are the whole world will
Best music, best remix
I dyed it red pics to come
I wait to this movie you are a star my hero Gaga
Happy birthday the charming and multitalented Hanbin
my heart hurts
Proud of our Bucs!!!
We will mi amor I promise
Can now confirm that is the most lovely and sweetest person to exist
follow your mind then your heart
Thank you for coming . . .
Thank you for supporting . . .
Thank you for loving . . .
Thank you for everything
Our Majestic beautiful sunset sky for our phenomenal engagement photo shoot where this picture captures
Meu amor
De mas cedo
i love you more
thank god ive met this kind of person
happy birthday be! miss you na hehe enjoy ur day love you!
h0t m0o p0o!
i wouldn't wanna play with anyone else
See you on Thursday
See the full post here, and may you be encouraged
D-197
A new bud called Teaba!
We found them being fantastic in Ko!
Dikasih ..
Thank you, Tin!
Thanks sweetheart
goodmorning
I helped animals find FURRever homes at our Arm & Hammer Pet Adoption Day. Keep the pics of
well....its happened!!! someone ive dreamed of seeing live on stage!!
Happy birthday enjoy
naraid66
1qlbofyx$ke
uri dotdae , uri one and only
The result of whispering sweet nothings. Lincoln Park
Fine. sorry both straight just playing.
Rest In Paradise Uncle Woody
You just have to wait.
I am very proud of you i glad with you you can domy bby i love you my
Miss you
Today was perfect
To all Ikonics and exo-ls, you deserve all the love in the world
Because it is the color of the side that will win in November and then again in
Happy birthday I love you
I love you. Yes I do. More than you can imagine
lemme kiss you on the cheek
nothing beats coming home to this beautiful girl every night
Love you too bubba
.....
stop being salty pls and thank you
walang teacherrrrrrrr
Jin
Awww its a date Then?
Before things come together they gotta fall apart
Kinda crazy that my name means and Ben proposed on Christmas before he knew that. like it was meant to be.
Goofy couple
YOUR
Sempree
Harliequinnx via /r/Hotchickswithtattoos
Okay now that I have finally stopped crying my babies and I are going to sleep and cuddle. I realize I have
all my people up in heaven a little extra today..
This is one of the many reasons why i you.
Good Mrng Frds
Super junior & still with them
But now i have now grope
hosting while i'm not even live! she's too kind!
Will stream later with Drinking Games! Playing
90% of my snapchats are of my dogs
Remember the children of Pant Glas Junior whose deaths should never have occurred, and those left behind to bear the grief
my heart
so sorry :( Please stay strong. We love you
Mi perra mi todo
Mira
Idk if just me, but complementing people makes me feel so good
Love you and proud of you always
Sending you all the love in the world xxxx
The Fam Disney's Contemporary Resort
It makes me so excited think I was actually there
We deserve them
rain rain rain , i love it
We will always be here for you Jon Love you!
Warten
GOT7
So proud of you sweetheart!
Thank u
Got my mock bar results..... yes di pala ako bobo. TYL
Eu amo essa foto
I just love this pic of you too
Agreed!
Np. Million Dreams
Gray and red
This is so true.
Seriously though this should be on iTunes
Bonjour..The weather is so beautiful
that bitch & he knowww
TVD.
you have 1 big heart and I look up to people like you
This is my best friend
Sunday Funday! Wishing everyone a ton of ! Tucson, Arizona
Sorry we missed it today. All my love. are the best humans I have ever known.
THANK YOU TO ALL WHO CAME TO MY 2ND SHOW TONIGHT!!! So blessed 'n grateful to share my art with people in NYC
Amo tus fanarts
doing better. thank you!
in love and tears i have an emotional breakdown this is too precious
So happy to see yet another amazing turnout! So excited for next month Thank you all for giving this meet so
The most lovely thing I ever seen!
I LOVE YOU NAMJOON AND I CAN'T WAIT TO LISTEN TO YOUR MASTERPIECE
Makes me want to have kids immediately
6-1 in fantasy bless
Random getaway to downtown for a night with the hubs
Walk The Edge -
Huhu celebrate us when we meet!!!
The two year wait was worth it. I know how I got so lucky. (Peep my cute cat pumpkin)
I do love that coat! And she is absolutely a-freaking-adorable!
Addison you are beautiful inside and out
thank you!
Happy 3 years! ss mga bessywap
Temps yi yewou fadjr mingui beug metti ouhlala. The cold at this time man. May God assist us
Valentine
This year you're mine caputile!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Studying and enjoying the beautiful afternoon with my boys
My sister is finally pregnant after months of trying and today I found out and started crying!
Beautiful tight pussy
Dancing is not something I just do I really love this shit
Points again!
New Avi
I want to be nearly killed by anyone else
From school season back to playing travel ball in under a week
My heart
cryn in da club bro ily
My heart is dancing inside my chest OMG! FINALLY!!HE DESERVED IT
Please reach out Matt. okay to struggle but you have to struggle alone. got your back.
Take me with you
A few hours of watching the MV I'm excited
I love you
Thanks Babygirl! I needed that!
I love you bestie we always going to be close no matter how many years go by
,,,
thanks
I do love that coat! And she is absolutely a-freaking-dorable!
Yeeeey!
What I needed
So so love for then I miss fell them so much
Thanks gurl. Likewise to you too!
of course always love
Academy?
con todoooo!
my bro.
bestie appreciation post bc not sure what do without ya
Thank you for existing
Omg my son took his whole feeding tonight !! doing so much better. So close to going home yay!!
fr crying
My greatest blessing I love you mamas
he was cute about it lol and so sweet he asked how I'd survived the soulcycle event and preened
You seriously suck. I raced over to YouTube and then had to reread your tweet. lucky I love you
ty ily
Have a great stream, my friend!!!
little obsidian moon
$25 shipped venmo/paypal
DM me
first SO CUTE
SHINX Raid
38 mins left!
Join anytime
Hit if
you
if u need it then dont feel guilty
get better soon please
if u need anyone to talk to im here
New band to stream
a song for Better by Khalid
He's amazing proud and humble of his home Suncity is home
thank you for being so lovely and supportive i love you
Nem fala
Never too early for Christmas candy!
I love this song
But kya tragic end tha is show ka
happy birthday, derek!!! hope mas maging pretty ka pa hihihi may your wishes come true!!
Doggy con
GOD BLESS ATE!!!!!!
thank you sm
also thank you for always being the sweetest to me every time seen you. it means so much
Beldum CD remake in Asian!
Halloween Event expected to see New Gen 4 mons + Giratina and Darkrai do you agree! If you think so
Fight tomorrow with new girl Wild Card. Stay tuned
"Just because I'm being persecuted doesn't mean that my mission has changed" I love Sarah Jakes
Ugh same
pls focus on yourselves so much more important than an app or anything else pls
Thanks Loverrr
Also just had her baby too.
Brian's and Jae's stance They're ready to rock!
CAILIN ICONE
Other babies are amazing!
Watching on remembering how much I loved the sisters and getting a crush on Leo all over again
Amen to that! I live these posts with
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: Nike Dri Fit Shorts. via
Old town
NAHHHH ya viste el Instagram story de Normani!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY UB I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!! THANK YOU FOR EVERYTHING
I love my son
If Wondering If I Want You To ( I Want You To) -Weezer
Thanks sis
thank you, ate i miss you
I love you too
i my dog sm
"The Black skin is not a badge of shame, but rather a glorious symbol of national greatness" - Marcus Mosiah Garvey
KING!
stay safe.
Always gorgeous
in love with yourself first make you vain or selfish, it makes you .
We all of our teams!
I probably lost my chance for good but ok
Thanks babe, I U 2 ... teasing... I think you have the wrong John Angelo but appreciate the hearts
Ew Mia hahahahahha hahahahah I look swollen but look cute
pc
Please don't let me cry
Congrats!
grandpa
se ve tan bella
has the cutest family
so fucking GORGEOUS!!!
This.
Ohh it's happening!
I LOVE this
Perfect
Ion know about neighbors but our neighbors nice asf our neighborhood playing been & u
IZ*ONE TEASER IMAGES WITH KIM CHAEWON
back to twitter after a long time and still into kpop
Holy Communion is the shortest and safest way to Heaven {Pope St. Pius X}
It was really unexpected.Same like Gopeng.Thank you everyone! Thank you love (walaupon kena game).
Buenas noches . Que descansen y tengan buenas noches ..
time goes by so fast but they are children forever
Happy 11th birthday, Steven Tyler.
fuck him. ur beautiful & u deserve someone who sees that. i love u and always here for u
Definitely the cutest thing the internet has produced this month.
What an awesome support system he has, Kim. Great friends, great family, great momma!
Indeed.. I also now wanna get married now... Getting feeling of left out..
Note to self: Always, always be the bigger person.
I just want to give back a Lyle something for kindness
Congratulations you won again
So very heartbroken for your loss. There are no words.
I wish you all the sweetest streams so you can rock world tomorrow. Positive vibes and love to all of
My heart is safe with you
ALL FOR YOU, LORD! Thank you for the gift and for all the blessings. I will never get tired of loving You!
wait a million years if I had to
Congratulations &
BRUH this feeling RIGHT HERE, is what I LIVE for
God is good at all times
Football with dad all day today
what happend when the 2 best limited overs batsmen of the world bat together. Sheer domination
U324
We love our SAPD.
How to turn your brokenness into blessings is how currently dealing w life.
Simply love this!
FlexJobs Sale: Up to 50% Off Membership for National Flex Day!
Lily Allen The Fillmore Silver Spring
I love everything bout myself I change nun for nobody!!
When you move in you'll have peeps to Deku with. Just saying
Greenville University
Amen!
hey Norman I really love tonight episode because you are the most beautiful character on TWD
I love you sweet baby
Yes, they are.
Sweet gestures! Love you always love.
just look at my sweet girl
Reposting
on my work break and crying now sksksks
Yo mucho
You look great
Amigos que te conhecem
Hearing come from something you made, is probably the best feeling.
If you w/ the squad give you my all li nigga i mean it
This gets a and a react from me tbh, kinda like the orthobro schism.
AY QUE BONITO SI TE DIGO QUE TE QUIERO MUCHO YA VES
Thnx bff
and RT
I would like to nominate as our next positive agent. Thank you for inspiring me and for your for
So sorry for your loss.
I only go on trips so my sister can show me this type of love
Great Detective of
about sir
Childhood crush
Follow us :
Mi
ilysmmm thanks
You are amazing!!!!
Thank u soo much for being such a great friend and u know ily
O Taeyong
- Hiiii Pooh you so sweet and you know I love your personality
One of the goats slatt
Rise and Shine
Gud Morning Everyone Have A Great Week Ahead
Gn
Amo
If you want to publish a Kindle book find out how at Learn how to Launch Your Book Big!
Get back in the game with some girls in sports bras (30 Photos)
Chicken and Rice
i love when randomly tweets me makes my night every time
so good though! She sees his inner beauty.
My 2 beats
sure happy in heaven eating all the treats he wants
Love you
see you next Monday honey
worry Bobby you got us
Thank you for this luxury Queen Lexie
Missing my Miss Thang
i love you so much , forever stuck with me
Sejam KKK
Dang you bad asf but your team sucks and so does mine
Bonito.
Aaaaa
An appreciation tweet for mah dearest kuys,
May G be with you always in this newest chapter
You make me the happiest I have ever been thank you
for a tbh
I love you most
The one who brought Leo into the world Mama Drella
im flattered, thank you po ate
I have no doubts lol! That face!
Look what I got today I just love him , so thoughtful
- KYKY! I miss you sooo much fr our talks used to be the best I just wanna go back to highschool so bad
Thank you for praying for my tits. just... moved, ffs.
I miss you too babes. Just look forward to the weekend and it will be worth the wait
This all looks amazing and I love your pusheen mug. I hope your day is better tomorrow
Good morning gays
Hug
Yes. But we don't have a Tesla online shop in Germany.
I love you to thank you bby
Nothing a bestfriend conversation fix My heart is light
Morri
I'm in love with it! Thanks again to for the opportunity!
Write me to
be shy wit dat pussy , hold on wait
Binnie
my favorite
CAN I CUMMM N JOIN YOU BABY WOULD JUST LUVVV IT
Almost to month 3 of 11. I know exactly how ya feel
Awh sweet!
10.20.2018 We finally tied the knot
OKAY CHECK UP SA WEDNESDAY!!!
The only way to do great work is to love what you do
Enjoyed every second of my 12 hour coaching day
I could talk about for hours and hours!!
GoodMorning
Asheville: The Real World!
, to end the night right
thank you! I appreciate it :)
That's a wrap for - Thanks everyone for coming to our city to learn and share with each other!
Instagram story is my favorite to watch. She is such a vibe.
NP love so happy for you you deserve it so loyal
I like me better when im with you..
for being who you are and for loving us so much thanks to your music, I have the pleasure to
still sad I see you! But, congratulations again!
typicalimani
I heart you
Bahalag di ka perfect oy. Love gihapon taka
Meus amores
Favorite people
I the level of commitment with and standards
My great one
Chino Bandito
FOR KEEPS
love love love . Such an amazing American. And the smartest smart ass
doing good and how are you doing? Hope had a nice weekend of course
Well I'm very happy that you're in a better place now, Isaiah and it's a beautiful thing that you
Oh, how we East Village in Manhattan : from great food to surprisingly amazing cocktails.
On a better note, my wife left a lovely note for my mom
Happy birthday Kaya
Bts loves you
I purple you
Hope you have an amazing birthday ahead
May all
carving pumpkins Tuesday stay tuned
Thank you
Monday Vibe
Hair by Kim
Makeup by Ericson Pascual at GMA Network
Amo sem medidas
Could you imagine your own family locking the door on you?? Uhh heartbreaking. Hope he find a real support system.
Do you want more attention for a book you've published? We can assist you to
Wooow me encanto
trust me talking about your feelings doesn't and never will make you annoying! i hope you feel better soon
Here is a little statistical preview of next opponent
este hombre!!
thank u
Y en algo se parece a mi alondrita
Third wheel game strong af: we all showed up matching. Wow we are so cute I us
wow a really unexpected piece from satoko i love a beauty
for your music and your beautiful smile
Retweet to gain over 2K followers
Follow everyone who Retweets
Follow everyone who likes
Always follow
hector / hectorrrr amigas since the 4th we lit this whole week
Wouldnt miss it for the world. Proud of you mezzanine! I love you see you later
And happy birthday
Good morning Goddess my sunshine have a great day ahead ! This pic is my
Por esa sonrisa infinita
Amo
For Life and Promise
My perfect proposal!
I WISH YOU WOULD OF CALLED ME COACH I LOVE PRIME RIB don't forget next time k ( SHIPP IT )
So love for them I fell miss so much
Newest Sooner
Mishel
i love you more bby
Yesssss!!! I LOVED it, it was everything I hoped it would be!
Paws Up Little Monsters!!!
for existing
ITS UP GIRLY
for a tbh :)
i love this so much
You both looking good
Aye look ... if you got lil tiddys then do ya thang girl, that just means you got a bigger heart .
A cups and
DECIRLE LO FALSA QUE HA SIDO, Y COMO HA TERGIVERSADO TODO, EN SU CARA DE MIL MASCARAS
Family
a day late, but happy 4 months to the man who brings me nothing but laughter and happiness! I love you amor
hi hi
Obrigada Thiago
Lob u
Thank you Thiwe!
aww thanks baby. I try, I love too!
Please if anyone is interested in having a doggie buy, adopt doggies in need of love and care.
Plzz support
next time we fuck , I wanna fuck , I wanna make
She's such a large hearted woman. I always aspire to be like her my mommyyyyy
That would be amazing.
True
Orlando Pirates
Liverpool
Barcelona
What a weekend.
me and Adrian prayed for tomorrow and it was the most sweetest thing ever
for making the music that will always make me feel at home
so glad your okay. suffer in silence like I did talking to strangers can really help
I have many bffs but the ones I do have are sure as hell ones I want to keep for life
960 frames per second, slow motion video recording. Only 3 days left until launch!
Ladies get them lashes done by the best!
I little Bulldogs.
so amazing! Thank you
Awww look at the family
To this day this was one of the most beautiful trips in my life
G.Morning
We ain never fell out bout nun. my dawg
Best weekend had in a while. My friends are EVERYTHING
the substrate to my enzyme
Hitachi repeated edging to orgasm
Everyone knows the power of in TN.
Damn sure it will be a
Gud LucK
Sim, concordo
iKONICS and Inner Circles, start your week by ordering merch perfect for and
Oh no what happen I needa call family see if alright
People should enjoy sexual life without reservation.
Let's follow
happy birthday mambin
da migs
im so proud of you love!!! im seriously always here if you need anything.
omgosh whenever you feel alittle down you have to see this story this just melted my heart and
Tbh ?? this
thank you!!
uk how we bumming till the world blow shorty
This is cute and this is what I always needed Thank you, you beautiful human
I love you
Well have I got news for you. I need a boyfriend and you boy are my kinda perfect ily
Valentine
This year you're mine S98HM!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Commercial Update:
-NIA NALL IS EVERYTHING
-We need more Nia and Brainy
all.
Amazing weekend with amazing people
Kyutiee Patotiee
I feel you, brother.
Happy birthday pa u
If you want to learn social media marketing tools find out more at
Happy bday!
Thank God!! Lmao
I have the BEST friends
Its here, almost. Get your tickets
Si dota player na game na game
glad we had this discussion
Vote bangtan and ikon
I love you though
I trying to hear that bullshittt loves me some
Commissions are still open this month! :D
Feel free to DM me if you're interested
Watercolor sketch starts at
living the best life with the best man in the world
Spent some family & fellowship time at today! Precious memories made!!
Lord, if it is meant to be, then it is meant to be.
She 'd her
Thank u. Will read this now
Preach!!!!
Is anyone Not in Love with the
beautiful
yesss
we are just the fatter/lazier version of you guys
It all could be gone in seconds but I thank God everyday I have my health and able to live a normal life
Minhas vidas todinhas rs
Must be nice to be tall n beautiful.
Sure thing. Just DM me an address.
I love you girlie always with my whole heart
Enjoy
oh yeah , just know pulling up to see my baby father
sending my love to you forever
Love you so much
Minha baixinha
PMJ showed out today I received that
Thank you nubis outdoor thank you juga yang mengajak
We paying for nails, hair,& eating her pussy 3 times a day in 2019
woke up Like this ang peg
No Kilay no Pulbo no Liptint
No FILTER!
DYOSA GEL CREAM lang yan bes!
Glassy
When I say they are reliable
Then Sebastian she shall remain
Love you always. be Oakies Daddy.
Tan tierna a tu manera
Love this!
Wow, incredible!!
Baby J
I feel a love flash mob coming on, and
Like,
Best things in life, you can finally say, "Ma sagot ko na this time."
I liked a video {TLK} Moves
So beautiful can't wait to see little man
Kayla a real one for real
Im going to need to sing September 16 this Saturday so I can cry my eyes out..
Goodnight guys I My Beautiful Baby So Much Baby!!!!!
Dorme bem amor te amo
awesome my friend love you so much
greatest place on earth
pessoas, escutem
I like this
Appreciation post for u da best and i miss youuu
Y jamas volado tan alto.
Stay by my Side
shooting de hoy.
he just the cutest pumpkin you ever did see?
It's The Scorch Trial being shown on TV. This is one of my fave trilogy series actually. Thomas and Theresa.
Yes you do sweetie what you deserve is all this hate
New New book meghan_amelia
good night twitter bc i have anyone else to say it to
What's your favorite cuisine? I love Italian and Mexican! Japanese and Thai cuisine forever
with
Hahaha what a great comment thank you
Good for you Cam. You deserve that.
I have that!
Thank you! I hope I can be lucky as you bcs I have just the same dreams like you
Get out of town and shut the front door! is a MARRIED woman. Congratulations Cori!!!
happy birthday mama!! got that glowww omg!!
.
.
Awe i love you 3 years in a row !!! And many more to come
I hear that! Thank you for last night
- you was on some bs ugly but I understand why, dont even reply to this imma text you back
Que hermoso
I love that movie
morat and piso 21 are bands with some incredible lyrics do not he says bad things about women, these bands deserve a LOT recognition
Scorpio season is almost here
Diwali is almost here
Favourite month November is almost here
Birthday is
Having weight loss surgery was the best decision ever made. No shame
OMG
Thanks for the GA!
This are perfect!
love this!!!
obg
Ily either way
really really attractive
That Hot Summer demo leak of my girls, although it sounds good.. I still prefer f(x) Hot Summer.
hoco 2018
JIKOOK IS REAL
JUNGKOOK AND JMIN
Wow thank you for this album
19.10.18
Oy grabe hahaha pero true dzae hahahahaha but i know filipino spoken word poets can go beyond that
Aniah just know so proud of her like ima show her too. its gone be her birthday and christmas all
Thank you Britt
Ily too, Sam. Thanks
Happy birthday Ashley! I hope filled with Jinx and everything else lovely
Do you remember when you met Twitter? I do! My true love
I made a promise to my dad protect the farm. The stress is bad! Thank you so much!
Froy
lindo eh tu maninho afff
U are a kind soul. It comes through
My
OH MY GOOOD CONGRATS CONGRATS CONGRATS!!! it sounds incredible
I miss you too
you love yourself, how in the hell are you gonna love somebody
queen
never cheat on Happy Hair
tbh i look like a ugly potato in this pic but i really really love you
vlw teacher
10:21 on 10/21. my birthday was so special. thank you to everyone who was a part of it.
Owwwt ti fofo miga vou chorar
Nashelene parin
I LOVED THE EPISODE WITH NAT
Him so mean but perfect My sweet aayden
such a awesome song.... Sonu Nigam both of the your voices are sweeter than honey.
Omg yes please! I would love to see it!
Happy life wit u
hello i came online and saw the clare stuff and just wanted to let everyone know that i love them
Mood for days
Family..
THE MAC LIFE | THE King Life | The MAC Game
2016 Vs 2018
Meus A-M-O-R-E-S
Bitch...you know I live down the street. Come here for the real thing
PHIL!
I love this human.
I love following . Always wishing the best and sending love your way
. . . shak (shakira).
. . . June 11th.
. . . demisexual.
. . . USA.
Happy life wit u
Lets Meow Together
Tergemas
Always in love with
Always support your team
Lee Min Ho
Message to support Coal Bank in Kyrgyz
October 22.2011
A Seven Year ago
note: This is a
Ese es JK
that's nice
amor infinito a mis amigas
See you this weekend
Look at the sky. Someone is looking at it and thinking of you
Every little bit counts
Honestly, this is fucking incredible
hehe not going anywhere
Hasta bellezas
Ainda bem , fico feliz por
Pra sempre
We this happy shot of winonagrynder.
no one else rather spend my last hoco with!
mi gorda
i only want you know that i love you.
good night sweetheart, have nice dreams
I miss YOU! so glad our paths crossed again at this con!! Big hugs of solidarity and love tonight, my friend.
Watching The Grinch with mo
Circumvent beginner mistakes when publishing books and ebooks by working with us at
Sunday nights
so excited
Good night Shawn, sleep well
WE LOVE YOU
87 likes in about a month. Help me get it to 100!
$elizabethalkire3
I really love my coworkers so much
Here at the queue, wait to see you tonight!!!!!!!
I got another $10, thank you!
Until you fall back together!
this makes me sooo happy
Come to take away your bundles!!!
GS hair Quality hair at affordable prices. No shedding, No tangleCan
hats off to this crosstown rival !
we love you so much thank you for everything done for your fans
So much love!
Hey babe!
I miss my BFF so much
I love you too
Q hino de pessoa KKKKKKK
Miss U argentina.
Awe, youre so sweet!
Love this pic HoneyDew did for me
You is kind, you is smart, you is important
Thanks my duderus miss you fam. Also watch my new video cuz I think you could make me a
Females who know how to hold it down>>>>
Thanks, Rose. I hope you have a peaceful blessed night, too, dear sister in Christ. Love you, too!
for writing Little Too because that song helped me through the roughest year of my life
Mi bebita
greatest night ever!! missin you crazy already
Obgd
When Ian and Mickey reunited and pink and white by frank ocean started playing
Pero MayWard with capital M and W po hehe.
Touchdown Hongdae.
seeing so many people receive blessings and I just want to let all you know really happy for you all
Ya casi es halloween
imy2 bbg and thank you it means a lot
Coming soon to
My team supreme
is the shit
thanks
bwisit 'to HAHAHA see u again soon, laview
This
What songs gets you through your tough challenges? We 'Warriors' Enter 4 a chance 2
this!!!
Valentine
This year you're mine imBasara!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
breastfeeding love
Hope you had a great birthday, Jody!! Miss you
I love my new hair
wishing one last happy birthday to my girl i love you to the moon and back!!
ehehehhe thank you!! Have a great day!!!!
Hey my favorite ex bf how you been
Let the celebration go on
Happy birthday!
Or he I mean Good Mooooorning!!
Thank you, you out there looking good as hell and doing good too babe
just watched.
Thank you, Mr. Reiner.
Keep tweeting!
Both of u keep having the same layouts I'm so sorry Happy birthday dani
Jhope loves you
Te quedo super
it just gotta wait...cause due time God will send you yours!!!
Aw I'm an auntie LOL!!!
thankful to have made it to 25 what a blessing ! I enjoyed my weekend for sure ! special thanks to for being the bestest
you too
Epics not trippin your trippin
Morning
New Day
New Class
New sems
Lakin wohi purani uni
preciso de
Ugh, you make my heart melt
Kkkkkkk awn, fariam um casal top
Happy Birthday enjoy it
Do you want more sales for a book you have published? We can assist you to
Love you baby.
Haha okay! Thank you
Manos
this b me
/\
/ \
Burn your bra and join the revolution! (39 Photos)
All my love, sweetheart
I need them to come back to me.
Starting to look at the lips, she's falling
Ive been thinking about you i went thru a category 2ish last yr n it was scary af I cant even
I love and miss you too granny
Rest in paradise grandpa I love u so much
hmmmm
Ahora si me dan ganas de llorar ...
I wish you will have a nice day even though you had a bad dream last night Love youuuuu thank you anon,
Happy Birthday, Eden!
F o u r t e e n looks good on you, my beautiful girl! Always be YOU!
Yar intha devathai oor konjum en maga
Happy birthday Li'l princess
Dude... needed to hear this Thank you!
Cain needs more love
ah. Now that is more like evidence. I've seen people drawing from some pretty off the wall sources.
Girls if you have a crush and don't know how to steal his heart SAYlNGSFORGIRLS she gives the BEST advice, seriously.
Adorable
My first time wearing henna. And gonna be my last
i love you and thank you for everything
so pretty Thank you so much
Channie meu
fin!!!!!
Te amo Mickey Mouse
Con mucho gusto te follo toda la noche
just know if u guys have ever gone thru anything and need to talk my dms are open it could be for anything you are valid.
What a feeling!
Here it goes, ready or not!
I've been talking to God about many of you,
Because, I love
Thank you.
you've got a smile that could light up this whole town
lugar secreto
I just wanted to give you millions of bear hugs you worth it demi, don't forget this. Please, you promise me ?
Legendary
Now get off my manz
please babys
Ice black is back
Great Sex & happiness
IZ*ONE TEASER IMAGES WITH KIM MINJOO
Accepting people for who they truly are.
ahhh thank you guys :,)
Well thank you
Hey Salt
VOTE REPUBLICAN VOTE Ron DeSantis deserves a governor who will SUPPORT OUR LAW ENFORCEMENT
Her expression when the right song finally came on BROKE ME
I love those who stayed.
Westlife's 'more than words'
at The Carpenters
I do not eat white chocolates but there is an exception to every rule like these treats.
will start preparing na for my baby shower.
I wait to carve malanahs first pumpkin w my bff
awe ppl are so nice I love
i love you and thank you so much! it really means everything to me
Happy Birthday handsome! I love you and everything about you. May God bless you with many more years and even
You have me
You'll get there soon enough
Happy happy happy Birthday to this little Princess of us Zahaira Kin Apin Deleon...
We love you God bless
Pre reboot vibes loving this season so far.
wait for the right moment; make it happen now. Catch today in cinemas
La High Fidelity de los que pronunciamos el Books, Record, films these things matter de Cusack inflando el pecho
You are amazing, I love you so much
atm
I social media!!!
23.
I love u with my heart, soul & every disagreement. Lol.
Good morning sweetie
He was getting tired of me recording him but I miss my baby sm
Weed never blue tick me or block mi yet
Los 2 amores de mi vida
Happie Birthday
Eu te amo crush
I got bored anddd yeah I love you
Triggered?
Como te adoro Plagg
this is not the end you are amazing, your voice is incredibly I really wish the best for you
D-443
everytime i thought i took a loss, God blessed me with something better
Happy Blessed Monday
Until now, yun parin yung color ng hair mo? Anong color papakulay mo? But you are still pretty, dont worry
h a p p y b i r t h d a y
always gorgeous, never be
Tomorrow for sure
Pega essa massinha
Do you want a photo on AR+ ?
Freedom
I love you baby
I want this
Bless your heart
Family..
THE MAC LIFE | THE King Life | The MAC Game
Work fall party was great! I love my family
Yoo he's breathtaking :((
You already know how I do Thanks Tamom
Q hino de pessoa,vamo casar? KKKKKKK
I celebrate 14k with sushi thank you so much
Blue &white
Cant wait to experience true happiness
Hey auntie Ann , stay strong for me baby .. you got this baby
Te amoo
Feliz
okay the bestest! ily.
I believe in love and the darker it gets the more I do--Florence and the Machine
HOLD EVERYTHING! This is classic car of all time!
A 1930s Bugatti Type 57SC Atlantic! Poetry in motion!
OS VERDADEIROS PERMANECEM
... do Brayan
Valas Patch Emily's Birthday Party Dodgers make it to the world series Rams Win have to say Pretty awesome weekend
Con amor
With love
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
^^
ever speak on him
Baby
Aww naks big step may scholarship na MCL for Table Tennis. Congrats guys!!!!
My mom said I can get a nose ring this year for Christmas and super happy about it
Happy Birthday Yuri ~
Just praying that shit get better between us
mamarooooooon! JAJAJAJA que hermoso
Yung ka Birthday mo Crush mo Hi Jayson Cuevas
Mulher gata hewuswus
Be your own biggest fan
I'm so happy for you!
Such Lovely Sprayed Rose Mimi Eden
Thank you to everyone for being here for me. You all mean the world to me. Just crazy that people drive so
atb for Os yo u can do it!! c u soon keke
prayers your way.
Nothing can replace nosedive in my heart
Love you so much
thanx mo
Good morning
With Tata and Mama U.S. Navy Recruit Training Command
Thank you so much
and we stan The Netherlands TASTE!
Huaraz- City
Mi lugar favorito
Idk how many times I have to say it BUT blessed with the best
for being a constant source of happiness in my life and connecting me to some of the best people ever met
Back up accounts.
- Happy couple
Well finally after so much waiting Aiden finally made his arrival! 7 pounds 15 ounces! I love my baby boy sooo much
Feeling a lot of love for the trans babes in my life and looking forward to smashing the state together
Hi Molly! Welcome you! There is love for you here.
Baby never tell you what to do cause I know you know best for you
Late night orders photo necklaces by me
Ready to see my baby
Thank you beautiful!!!! best birthday ever
WOULD LOVE TO TRY, but WAY over my budget for the month. I absolutely You Got E-Juice so I know
The most superior couple in all of wrestling twitter.
fucking loving it
Hello there, Kambaaaaaal!
You got a whole clan behind you kid! Be strong like we know you are
Where did that weekend go ??
Monday again
Good morning beautiful people
all love fam
Who wants to do me a HUGE favor ? DM me , easy
So beautiful
I love you more than life!
cute as hell
Te amo
I love you best friend ! hey girl go check out my new video
My family
De outras vidas
Fiel
Congrats clowiee!!!!
How I wish you were here missing you so much tonight that painful. On the bright side, I know
Good night, I love you baby..
Oh baby baby
is now live
HAHA! I have a two-hour commute every morning, Ms Sassi. I make coffee at work so
NECESITO.
you're always doing great in all things please stay healthy and
Good morning
The originals A MELHOR
Praying for ya sis push through it
May Allah grant you solace. I understand what you're going through and you're not alone
Then come home
Finally removed all games from pc. Leaving twitter and twitch. Be good to everyone
Ohhweee love the look!!! Red fits you well
Stay by my side is
I took the baby boys to a different play location tonight where they could really run and stretch their legs.
Always gets my heart
My heart
People really took the time and effort to destroy his career smh. still here for you He that young
ask for anything better then times like this
Goodnight, everyone. I'll handle any business in the morning :*
IM BORN TO BE HANDSOME BABY
26, 42 ? 26. 11/30/14 - Mega fest (ptv & sws)
07/24/15 - warped tour
09/30/16 - made to destroy tour
IZ*ONE TEASER IMAGES WITH YABUKI NAKO
this
this
all who like and rt this
back all that follow you
I felt more like myself today than I have in months, and awesome
Waiting is boring In the meantime I made an animation for Evil Bunny
Tbh God could take anyone away from me but my FRIENDS. Hecky nah I love those people to death
5'5 & 23 So God put me at the height he wanted me to see the World
Breathin is predicted to rise 6-7 places on the hot 100 next week! Congrats
Dona do amor mais puro
WHY WOULD YOU JDJSDJJSDS PUT ME IN SUCH AN SJSJSHSJ IMPORTANT PLACE I JXKDNXKDNDNX
My little sister bday is nov 15 and so is my nephew!My daughters is Nov 7th
na!
I so love the fact that bts are really pure korean and born from different places of korea they are truly
Hurry up!! PERIOD
amo
Coisa linda
My boo thang
Happy birthday beautiful love you
Won that one come watch some Cuban win the beans to support his protein addiction
Pure joy
I missed him way too much
It's not what you say, it's how you say it. Sometimes you need to be blunt and not play mind games. Don't be like the mob. Be yourself.
Pumpkin patch with my love
INDIA
Good Morning Annaya
Passion is needed for any great work, and for the revolution, passion and
If you want to get your book listed on find out what you can do at
Penpal you my number one buddy. Find me a nice lil vibe cause tryn get married. Thanks
This is sooooo precious!
Happy Birthday Baby Gurl each others sidekick, 1 blood forever and ever I still cannot brain
Need a boocation
Spreading some good vibes. Kang adorable giggles! Cheer up people!
Thanks part
thank you Laura!!!
Bang hot babes
penis massage streaming sex super porno sissy verga
Season 3 Episode 5 Khloe
THANK YOU SHAWN PASS IT ON
When you are done with it, please gave it to me Bongz!
Valentine
This year you're mine s4mdalia!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
hey keep ur head up u got bad posture
Suzy - you are the best!!! Thanks so very much for your endless support!
don't be. always smile girl ur beautiful
Hi!
Definitivo
Happy times with family goes on and on Had a great time last nite
My Naruto bae
Thanks
Our current read-aloud book Thank you so much, our2ndhandlibraryph
such a cutieee
You are going to be magical. You already are.
happy birthday grace love you
Listo
say you fuck wit nobody else and that the only 1 day never ever hurt me and you put this on your son
02
This is the kind of teacher students should have. Those kids are lucky to have you!! I hope when my daughter
no girl you MET HIM INSTEAD happy for you!
i love you fam
hope you are having a good night back at home
thank u cutie!
I love you
Thanks for sharing this. It's important for people to see he's much more than a name in the
Looamoooo
Help me to vote this blusher2minit from new item from sobella beauty which color should I restock more
that tho. wait, baby!!!
all love
Gol d cabeza al
All I listen to is Ann Marie I until she drop her new music
You know me you REAL
Loved it!
Thanks so much for sharing!
icons only... glad back
not allowed to dance with any girl but his Nina
Thanks G. Love and miss you
blessed with an incredible family, loving boyfriend, and such supportive friends! know who you are, thank you for all you do
This is amazing!
Contigo solamente,
yess thank you she's crazy for saying that and I'm so against anything she does or says when it comes to shawn
marju krisel with the ssg officers
so blessed. wait to keep the hustle going tomorrow
we love you and SO proud of you
My one and only I'll love you forever
Fell in love again this weekend.
Genuine happiness
Happy mensive for our couple, semoga longlast yah.
Streamed for 11 hours today. We right back tomorrow in the morning. grind stop. Goodnight!
Had a wonderful evening with my family
fuckin babe , almost home
when u look at ur phone....#inktober thank u Elizabeth her Instagram is: axelle14
Lo amo por esto
yo this was my every day thought until Nick arrived
And now genuinely happy
*Sending hugs back to you*
Let Em Know Siss
It sure WAS! I saw it three hours ago!
I love you with my whole heart this video put me into tears. You are my person, my lil bean
Thank you so much
We hate anyone Asgy certainly not
i love you so much, my angel
Valentine
This year you're mine zoadopelavid4!
And you, whom will be yours?
Thank you hope! I love you!
Mayday Parade tonight and Real Friends tomorrow night
hihi
amazing i wait for you to either!
Happy Birthday idol
Obrigado
All it takes is one night for everything to feel right
Stay woke
I searched and found it, thank you
Yes, you are and love Grace.
Heal the world!!
Last night was pretty fun.
happy birthday grace love you
Heeeey! Hope u had fun time! Wishing u r safe travel back! Goodnight
This is how I spend my Sunday nights now.
jamais
Dark Twilight
~~follow for more content~~
22. BinGo For B.I ( Bingo_China )
Do you want a photo on AR+ ?
After dancing the night away my parents had to take a pic with the band
I love you
I choked on my snack when I saw this!
Your beauty is officially "breathtaking".
amamos os pets.
I would take good care of this BB
Ohhh 2nd day shout out I always enjoy supporting you
"A very emotional read..."
.
Baby ion need no love , I just want money and some drugs
for always being so genuine and real with us. You treat us like more than just fans and that means the world to us
SWEEEET CAROLINE!!! I love it
THANK YOU SHAWN PASS IT ON
Be Mine Forever BJ's Restaurant and Brewhouse
RT : Tergemas
Te amo muito!
My students are in there!!! so in love with their theme this year. also, my own biological child
So your army of women and students can come attack me??? I think not. I'm good over here luv
gng
181016 BLESS BLACK HAIR
Minjoo and Chaeyeon What IZ Your Color photo teasers.
6mnths w/ the best
I love him
Hermosos
I live for these life conversations
Miss you Jowds!! catch up soon
Bad day
thank you cutie!!
when trying to do homework but your dogs want to be next to you
Gracias
I thought u were holing onto the vending machine also by the beauty
This will make your heart bloom!!
going nowhere my
Come on over anytime
Family photo from Team Halloween Party ! Larry (Dr Pepper hey?), twister, Rapunzel, Chewbacca.
I would love to get a chance to meet those guys Steve was like my favorite
I love hanging out with sianni she always be so happy and always laughs
Thank you doll!
This is how I spend my Sunday night now.
If you want to become a REAL Amazon best-seller see how at
gn girl ily sweet dreams
LEE JUNG SOK IS THE BEST
People are awesome.
I wanted to see the ENTIRE SONG!!!
When my simply can't stop racing.
Beautiful
cause you know better daughter it'll come love
my mom is so sweet like I can cry to this lady about anything
Congrats my queen!
Gostei das duas
thank you so much Brody, much love to you and Chey
Thanks a lot sha have a nice day ahead
I love you man I forgive you
I still support you brother nature
Love you to death
Mashaallah His Cuteness video was adorable
He is so cute
Wow
. [21-10-18]
ig stories
Yes that's why
last homecoming w/ amazing friends
friends, food, fire
oti coisa fofa
obrigada google
Kanna Kamui
Nah. My BaeMuffin Dubbed me. This is why Lightskin hoes are born. Ion wann be a savage again
I LOVE YOU
My puppy finally opened his eyes wait to meet him
&
Amazing breath control at such a young age
I Elizabeth shirt!
Thank you sir! Sobrang na appreciate ko po. God bless!
I love my boys
I love that you did this! So important
JOSE BERNAL
Very good! Ang cute.
Dehradun diaries
Credits to the insta page
for a tbhhh
really truly blessed to b loved so deeply by the best man wouldnt trade it for the world
yup! thats all i ever wanted!
Check out the new freestyle we been grindin on all day God Bless!
Do you want a photo on AR+ ?
I'm so happy to see something good came of this y'all deserve it
DESY UNNIE THANKS A LOT HAVE A NICE DAY AHEAD
Love you for making me the happiest. Thanks for the best birthday weekend EVER.
i love you so much cami
No but seriously. Taf
Me and Her
for a Text!
Fav = Active
Esse aqui
Awwwww I love you
Maybe is not good but i tried hope you like it
Sorry for all the missed calls I hope you understand
God thank you
for bringing happiness into my life
Nobody Can Do It Better Than U!!
U Cry We Cry. Ur Acting Is Phenomenal My Love
My little superhero.
Mike knows up.
Yassss! Thank you
Shocks i want
Just ugh ahhh fmdnfbdkdbdb
tysm? nobody has liked it so this makes me feel a lot better
Thanks for the follow back! Always fun to get to know other Simmers
Lots of lewd Toga photos on my patreon Link in my bio
Fit girls that worked damn hard for some much deserved attention (33 Photos)
I will go out of my way to show you that down, that all yours
kinda exciting to be this close to 300, it would be so cool to hit that milestone
Happy 22th birthday to my one and only kim hanbin
The best leader of all time
Huhu I really want to see you
oh. I'm my love for
BIG DXX they 4Life
Hi BANDITO TOUR MANILA PLEASE
Love this song so much
Hi baby
Those tricksy Phisheses!!
Love them hoes like they my sisters
Love yourself under any and every condition
OMG YES. HAPPY BDAY TO YOU TOO! I hope you had a great one!! I love you lots!!
Look how cute Gabriel is
Valentine
This year you're mine AninhaEu1!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Hi to all my AMA Fam
God will make you fortunate to. Have faith.
Omg thanks ily old friend
I love my friends & the new ones making
I hate his soul love u tho
I'm hanging out with my friend today so might not tweet that much but I hope all my moots are having a great morning/afternoon/night
Goodnight to Shawn and everyone using the hashtag I love you
Holding Layla warmed my heart
Thank you for reading
tung una kaingon kog kaswerting Chiz bai, but now i get to see the other side of the coin haaaaay swerte silang duha
Thank so much sweet girl
I will buy it for you lil sis
This Article!!
meu amor todinho
& are MADE for eachother the vibe you get off of them just from watching videos mannnnnn....
Our love is a fire inside and gon burn forever
goodnight, see yall monbebes in 5 hours
writing a first draft and reminding myself that simply shoveling sand into a box so that later I can build castles. - Shannon Hale
EL MEJOR PINTO
I loved this film
We definitely do this. I love my girls
aw I'm here for you love! you can always talk to me about anything I promise!
R.i.p loved and never forgotten
Absolutely gorgeous!
My heart is content. Even in the midst of stress my man keeps me steady and happy who knew love could feel this good
To amando esse esporte
I love my boyfriend he makes me as happy as can be
We love you sir
Tmj cria
Good morning everyone
Twitter needs a horrified button along with the
Dx eu roubar seu amor ?
Thanks po!
What is your favourite part about performing? love you stray kids
Period love u to sis and lit when I move down there
If you only had a
Bitches be mad because my bf never gave them the treatment he gives me and never had the title to be his soon to be wife
Thank you bitch
i'll always be happy and thankful for having you ily
Yay I miss you so much
the days became very long without you babe!
Happy birthday to my mom who my mom, but she is my mom cause her other daughter
Rather be with you & all yo bullshit
My girl surprised me in so many special ways blessed to have a soul like her
Everyone needs a friend like Chan. My whole heart loves her.
see you this weekend
I love you such a great friend I love you too!!! Ugh I try
Cute baby girl :) play time with Therese
My gf understands me so much and will be there with me as long as she can to try to help me. I ask for better
I love my friends so much..
I say tesla or Range Rover love you sister
*Hola! Quien ver mis tetas obscenas?*
RT + MG = S
Would be great.
Love getting these posts! My days are filled with them.
Raveeee sunbaenim thanks a lot !! insyaAllah~ have a nice day ahead
so thankful for you!!!!
this makes my heart so happy. Ben is the sweetest kid
Wishing the sweetest of sweet 16s ever to my favorite ily
It would BAN the confinement of mother pigs! Vote yes on 12 RT Hey, California! If two
Happy Birthday
Go follow
Love yourself
hit
Nobody warned me about all the emotion this new Doctor Who ep would give me. I cried like a baby, thanks.
And fuck yeah, equal rights.
A very happy birthday to you bro
Love you
sorry!! all love
my boyfriend rocks
Thank you
Your daughter would be proud
happy belated
Think time for another vacation
Talks with my tina bina are always so warm and genuine, love her to death!
Happy birthday
I love you so much
Carrie Chesnik missed you these last two days...sending love on your travels home.
I love that my friends background-check all my potential dates
Mais tu as CE moment
Hard Art
thanks so much omg
lovelovedeary: Flynt x Ritsu
not bout to act different because you want me to period hate me because not a loud bitch but
What are some pet hates you have that Jerome does love you lily!!
chau baby
you should go to prom with my best friend in the spring. You're all she talks about and she would freak out if you did
love u
I CAN'T WAIT
THIS IS GONNA BE SOOOO GOOD I CAN FEEL IT
AND YES, DON'T PUSH YOURSELF IT'S ALL GONNA BE FINE
I love you too
whew hyunjin,
there enough words to express my love for you but you own my entire heart
Valentine
This year you're mine lavender_aar!
And you, whom will be yours?
IZ*ONE TEASER IMAGES WITH HONDA HITOMI
thank you!!
/ |
/ /
/
/_/
I know you've had a rough time
I miss it so much
Felices 3 meses mi fioreeee te amoooo
Lindas
VOTE 4 KISHAH & AREVALO 4 KING & QUEEN
LAS SONRISAS LAS AMO
See you in San Antonio
in love with Suncity
FAV = UNMIGRATED.
SEGUIRME.
TERMINA 1 MINUTO.
When the skies are blue, to see you once again my love
Pray For Massive VictoryWith The House & Senate
November 6
In Name
We Agree In Prayer According
Thanks
Mother , mom , mam , mama ,mum , only one withe different words
TE AMO INFINITO MEU AMOR
I could listen to Tim speak for hours!! So well spoken.
She pretty
Super My Sweetheart
With Selfie lovely click
keep this one for myself
Can't wait, love!
David keeps me so grounded & is constantly supporting me. Blessed & thankful
Gave me goosebumps. Simply beautiful
ilysm
Share the things you love with the people you love
Holy Ground e Red
Beautiful Mrs Dalisay
Me dio en yt
Amin. Makasih ocel
Bobo
10/22
Thanks
such a big smile on my face since i got back on campus and got to see my friends again
Nobody cares, but I'll be staying of this app for a day or two. I feel I'm going to spread my negativity to you all. Take care.
Omg yes!! My sports are gunna kill me lol. You know this, my sanity. Gooooo Sox, Pats and
Oh my God your too Hot!!!!
Meu amor todinho
Awww I miss you too!! I hope cross country is going well!!
Onghwang fancon dvd sets reserved
love youu
so many first time with you
FULL OF LOVE
Congratulations DONNA!!!
omg these ugly ppl inside & out. they stalk EVERYTHING i do & copy it omg be urself!!!! even tho u suck u'll never be me!!!!!!!!!
Go
AMO FUERTE
Enfin revoir mes petits bouts
I really like his personality!
Morrendo de amores aqui
my princess i love you too
so bad at captions, so ima just leave these here
Sorry, I was busy, and idk but everything ok
And he is rubbing it under our nose how he can listen to it already :^)
How mean
Ily Namjoon
oin
God bless you all. Thank you for protecting us.
for a tbh
I found my dildo nvm
[181021]
BDN
Best family weekend!!!! thank you and kimmie_cury and Saint Anselm College
Aslam Alikum Beautiful People
Good Morning
AOTY OF MY HEART
Ang cute nya hehehe.. Atleast kahit June biased sya nagresearch pa sya pics ni Hanbin
we kc
Bonjor habib El Alb
Sending love from a fellow MAGA embracer!
Follow them on
Lennon loved school Back to schools will always be hard mblogger
Bbg never ignore you cause I love you
Labour weekend with my loves. Raglan, New Zealand
May I be added if not too crowded?
hehe I invited a boy over
Thanks boo
I was practising drawing smol erwin that time thank you once again!
"An on/off for my favourite subreddit (F18)..." ebony, black,
Thank you
IZ*ONE TEASER IMAGES WITH JO YURI
RED
Self love is the best love
Words are no longer alphabets, these are the emotions that reflects your heart and conveys their messages
good luck!! sending my love!
I think we all hope one day to be recipients of such charity and generosity as well
Meus Amores
de ma vie
Buenas noches
State of Grace
My happiness
Sunday with my amazing mom. I owe the man I am completely to her. She raised by herself and continues to be an
tan hermoso
Ima go all the way for you baby how you do for me and that's how we gonna last forever
I love that you care about your fans
SEMPRE
wow. Just. This is so good I think I will never get enough of it
i know those days. feel better
Stg I wish I had a nigga like my daddy He always make sure his baby straight even on bad terms
anything for tori
My pastors are the best bc, well they are
Los
Hang in there. easy for me to say, I know. Love will find you.
no words can desc how thankful im to have a fwen like u thank u for always being there when i need u gurlpren,i
Happy birthday to you my OG! Love you
I know you love my baby you have to act hard
Projected being the key to order because he is actually Fing AMAZING
Gas prices are going down
cute as hell !!
i love this kid
Will catch up on Tuesday. Working and sleeping for now.
[ ] LET'S JOIN US! WHAT DO YOU WAITING FOR? AWESOME OPEN AGENCY WILL BE SPECIAL HOME FOR YOU
Tank yew
Dear friend, good morning and happy new week. Have an amazing new day,stay safe and remain fulfilling! Much love
obgd
Happy birthday darling
thank u girl
Ain, para...
Thank you to my friends for making my 21st memorable
I got it finally
You know ? , just with a or I love you . You automatically make my day happy, thanks for being the reason for
Check out awesome video! in with arm!
Voice
My type
real__pcy
weareone.exo
Watching Dragonball with my boys
Idol For A Reason..
Never Lost my faith in Him..
Title card.!
Went for a run tonight and under 11 minutes one step closer to my goal
Her pussy was the sweetest
I finally am starting to feel confident in my looks and it feels great. Thanks Brooke :)
Hallelujah to that amen to that to
Just beautiful!
My goal is to be the person my dogs believe I am
1 month for me soon! Thank you for the coming out and the posts.
hello everyone keep streaming
Dear friend, good morning and happy new week. Have an amazing new day,stay safe and remain fulfilling! Much love
hope doing well I love you Josh !
Live Seoul Like I Do
Live Seoul like does!
??????????????????????
no you're not you're the most gorgeous person ive ever met in my whole life ??????????
Just finished this, You were my favorite What was your favorite part to film? I am hoping their is a way for a season 2
thank you Kaori
So lucky to get to spend all weekend with my queen
best bitches
Un beso para ti de buenas noches qo hasta el amanecer
Feliz Noche
Hands down one of my favorites. Mika, thank you for sharing one of your many gifts with us.
Is uhh vibe
Not new
Valentine
This year you're mine juluazi!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Voice
My type
sometimes you just need that reassurance
I got you sis, now and forever
That's what Luke calls her!
WE DID IT MONBEBES! 200M . Thank you for your hard work but keep tapping
Buenas noches sol
This is inspiring
hope starting to feel better. Get well soon
Biggest Wish To Win Team
naraid66
exwk@i%ysddm
Strawberry lemonade from is a way to my heart
shysissy1: mayacross7: sexycrossdresser1970: my-tammysue-fan: ppsperv: Follow Pretty Pink...
at 37 and here for you. Trying to make it one day at a time
xoxo
I usually have the hardest time meeting my goals on the weekend, but I did it!
honestly it makes me so happy to see how happy they both look in these photos like my heart!!
omg i love it thank you Jenny!!!
love you & ready to go to war for you
for such as Light Fixture Installation? B2The7 can help you with Light Fixture Installation -
I will thx cuz
I and Miss U Sasha So Much Illysm!
The stream went well! Thank you to those who showed up. I'll look into holding another one later this week!
Obrigada baby
Hamare pyare se
Cuddling with candles and hitting the cart is definitely a vibe
: Dear friend, good morning and happy new week. Have an amazing new day,stay safe and remain fulfilling! Much love
thanks
I it and it's the truth!
tfw this video was posted 2 years ago today ;w;
enjoy
rainy morning
Just as beautiful as I remember I missed you more than words
Now Dre you know one of the few lightskin men I respect
Thank you so much Gravity, ahhh!!! Jeez, if I didn't love your Splatoon-based works enough!!
ima make ya miss me
Throwback to Baguio 2017. Miss u girls.
sorry mama . Praying for you
Nighty Night
Dear idol, supporter, friend... We love you so much, will forever with you
Thank you for coming
Que bella frase
girl you are fine as hell. You are worth so much more! I love you you are a queen!
for a tbh
De toda la vida
We will get through this together
and
thank you so much honey!
Boa noiteee galerous
OMG...
Dejame ser tu Isis
Thanks.
Alegraron mi noche.
Haha soon will scrim you baby boi
I love Corey so much
Having a breakdown and studying does not go well together. Please pray for me and my family
How bout those CHIEFS
My nigga forever one of the realest people I know!
Im so proud of you, Son. You're doing well
We know that from the start I kennat
guys check out my instagram for giveaway to CTYL TOUR IN KL on instagram
so bored & desperate soooo for a TBH!!!
I miss this show...and couple
Love and miss you bb
awwh thank you so much!
Received the sweetest spooky surprise! too cute!
bruh this bothers me so much. a girl i went to school with that has her fb picture as
One of the best childhood movies ever.
Oh fuck yea vein crushes skulls. peep the rest and report back
Thank you so much!
respek brother
Thanks, and the same to you
Awe You Know Am Always Here For you *
im not on any level... your sketch is really good! so talented
I'm so sorry for your loss. Sending love + prayers to you & your family
NUEVO VIDEOOOO are you ready for it?
thank you so much!!!
I want one but I want one
My favorite girls
I just love my girlfriend so much and I will always love her
Goodnight
So I shared this post on fb 6 years ago (she*)
LLEGAMOS A LOS 200M
bien MBB
Ahora intentare dormir!!
Our first little family trip
all i cn remember by i ws so hooked up with his dancing, i cnt even remember how i came across
I am mightily blessed thank you. I your mood todag
Hermoso
I love you girls so much
Yes dzae. Never too old. Hahaha
Twin just when older twin does something new .
What Magic looks like
Breathtaking
i wuv u
ViVe SiMpLe....
GrAnDe....
Da GrAcIaS....
Da AmOr....
RiE MuChO....
Que tengas
Aww I love you baby we use to have so much fun
Harshad Chopda
Wow, thanks so much!
I'll always remember us this way
Good night.
I love Dani so so much .
Lovett or Leave It Also, If you live in a super conservative area you can sneak in merch and
Good morning Van gogh aka Kim Taehyung I red you
Scrolling through my old files.
The first time I met Kuys Teej.
Hello
All the love getting from my pictures today has me bawling my eyes out Everyone is so sweet
YA VER SUS VIDEOOOOS
Me hicieron la noche, las amoooo
Want matching
Juri
TENDREMOS HIJOS? P&R *SIN HABLAR* con SAYOYYI
Looking good as always
I love my family so much
Dear and fans, I want to send you a big hug for what going through we
so fucken beautiful
All my friends and family have my heart Kim Hudson,Jennifer Rice,Rebecca Carroll,BabygirlTrina Lewis,Aj
10. coffee
Jai Rebel Star
Celebration Starts
Love u
Ahhhh entendi, obgdooo fada
an edit i made for my au .. i liked it ..
made by
hi mira!!! lama nya tak dengar khabar thanks for the upport mira. really appreciate it tau
My number 1 ft gyptian, he did the yu Zimme track. Come over ft clean bandit. He has a good variety, get into him
The original is still the best
Actually I'm doing a JongTae social media au with MinKey and LuNew that I hope to publish here soon! ^^
muchas gracias hermosa
Listooo
Hanging with these two made it a great weekend. I love my kids so much
kk
What a grand weekend. 22, I like you so far
One day
To......
Go.......
Birthday Day
Netflix
Always a great time with her
prefieres?
Playas de Lavin
Laguna artificial
Wish this love could be forever
And our love will be forever
Wish this love could be forever
And ever and ever
[21-10-18]
ig stories
The Movie Which Showed The Real Guts Of Thalapathy The Movie Which Bravely Spoke About Farmers Issue
Mutual energy is an infectious state
Kaththi engira Kathiresan Villathi Villain ! Thalapathy-ARM's magical combo is the success story
Huhu I'm so prouuuud of ALA Delegates!
Beauty
Focus on yourself, place yourself first and it all falls together well.
Beautiful Setting
Yesssss tania
can you please make a music video to F.O.M.O!! My Favorite song on the album
Classic Ruch.
so sorry for your loss but glad able to relate to and find solace in a journey and strength
IZ*ONE TEASER IMAGES WITH AHN YUJIN
Happy birthday to the beautiful beax I love you so much. a pic of your boys
te amo
Congratulations can't contain my excitement.!
for make me happy every day, every second. so special to me
Aw, i think this is an improvement. I dorks
not a cat, Toothless
People are just petty and annoying don't let them get to you!!
the BESTTT. YOU DESERVE IT ALL
good luck!
Tribe member reporting for duty.
You are not wrong to tweet this.....
You too be blessed with a perfect and happy life...
Summer
To be able to watch my daughter each and everyday always pushes me further.
She's a
happy birthday to the best leader we can ever ask for thank you for your scoldings,
Thnxx a lott
Thank you so much po Lhea Manuel Simon and family
Clarrence 7
Now are melting my heart
Goodnight, Twitter. I hope you all have a fabulous Monday
I'll be an Engineer
bro su. my world why lie
: Dear friend, good morning and happy new week. Have an amazing new day,stay safe and remain fulfilling! Much love
Whatever ur decision sa future i will give you the that you deserved it may not be 100%
we have the same name, both have ties to Nebraska and both Filipino and black lol. Small world
So cute!
muchas gracias Marce!!
dang my baby is the cutest
Nothing but respect you've turned into a great role model for many. I wish you the best. Much love
A rainbow in the dark
Love you so much little! Blessed to have you
Ws
Priceless! Reminds me of my
Not ready but these cute ass babies be coming to my job and just like awhhhhh
The biggest box has Hiichan's A3 sized clear poster. Lovely
First time ever seeing and it was absolutely amazing they put on such a great show it was so nice
An on/off for my favourite subreddit (F18)...
Ayieee sabay silang pumuntang school!
: Dear friend, good morning and happy new week. Have an amazing new day,stay safe and remain fulfilling! Much love
Gracias por ser tan lindo siempre
Muchas gracias
Estan muy hermosas la fotos
Your an amazing star!! We luv u!! See you soon!! your doing amazing!!!
insert alliah bukayo
really fucking delicious
still so jealous wtf oh and plz kidnap him for me
Congrats bro!! Eres mi puro pinche crack
Thanks Ernie always going to have love like my little brother
[RT PLS]
guys check out my instagram for giveaway to CTYL TOUR IN KL on instagram
hi mira!!! lama nya tak dengar khabar thanks for the support mira. really appreciate it tau
How cute is this ???!!!
Awee jo hai vo damne hai
Yes m Aishwarya
Aur ha yar new job hai to thoda work pressure so inactive
Btw
We talk everyday , but Yk where you stand bro .
This is really sexy.
we will get thru it tho bby!!
still trippin that elima and my friends/roomies pulled it off thank you maka for the super cute vid
ily
Bachay ho tum abhi..
This is seriously such a humbling moment for me
All the best
Cannot wait
ion know nothing bout this shit
all i know is THEEEEE GRAMBLING STATE UNIVERSITY we may have lost that
hi i love corbyn matthew besson
really i love you
Iam totally feeling the drunk by noon from Joelle!! You learn alot!! Keep it up
That's so good to know!!! Welcome back
This is so hot
A prayer I needed to be reminded of...thank you for that.
Just wanna get out the shower go straight to my man bed and get my pussy ate like his last meal I miss it
gonna be okay you work so hard all the time, be gentle with yourself
My cousin popped up. I love him
get your old ass some coffee where ever we go so cute
I love this story so much
Feel good to be back home
: : Dear friend, good morning and happy new week. Have an amazing new day,stay safe and remain fulfilling! Much love
So happy for you! You deserve it!
Beyond the Lights
Wow, my fever is through the roof. Not rushing but looking forward to days like this .
: Dear friend, good morning and happy new week. Have an amazing new day,stay safe and remain fulfilling! Much love
I fucking love you and when are we getting another bad bitch song from you?
This is all a dream. Soon I will wake up and everything will be back to the way it was
Te amo
A Day Started with them
Nubhooo Punnu
Siddhu Me
Mine People's
Mine Besties Forever
Dasara special
babilas do meu
Another happy birthday to my baby, I love you so much neiveah
That's a helluva leg workout... (Video)
VAI TER SEAN MAGUIRE APPRECIATION DAY EM BREVE E EU QUERO QUE SEAN VEJA NOSSOS TWEETS DESSA VEZ
is literally the best bf everrr! So so thankful for his sweet heart!
Love how he hypes me up whenever we on FaceTime even if I look like a whole bum
You truly know what gone through in life and proud to call you one of my closest friends love you
God is GREAT! So freaking glad been praying. I love you!
Love you baby
Luke hemmings with snapback is my favorite concept
eu sou muito vendida
Cool News from the Amtrak Station!
thank you so much Troy!
na-appreciate ka namin hoy promise walang halong charot
This article is refreshing!
tienen sus remeras listas para el show? 20
I swear different
IZ*ONE TEASER IMAGES WITH JANG WONYOUNG
happy birthday kim hanbin uri quail is already 22 years old :(((
: Dear friend, good morning and happy new week. Have an amazing new day,stay safe and remain fulfilling! Much love
S/O TO THE DAD'STHAT GREW UP WITHOUT A DAD TRYNA BE THE BEST THEY CAN!
I love this man so much
I was just listening to this today
incredible like you , your music is such a beautiful piece of art ! never stop please we love you so much
you been my bestfriend for years now, one of the most genuine people i know. i love you
Finding our way back to our Savior together. 1 Corinthians 13:7
always gonna be here for you, i love you
love you baby! Praying for you and your family. be strong!
Vance Joy is such a blessing.
Happy. morning avantiga inthanall punnagai udan thodangatum
thank you
Gosh dang mom and dad are so cute.
Thanks Sara Yes I love TaKe pictures all beatiful things I see around me, sometimes I be succesful
My proud
Sending you lots of love and healing!
last night was the best night
loving this season fabulous could I get a follow back ?
por nd
La mejor de todas Netflix
Thank you my queen I love you much
little do you know gonna be friends because ur little sister is my little sisters new coworker at the movies!!
needed this hear this tonight
Char first day of immersion
Nah it's okay hon, don't be sorry
Minha princesa
You have no idea how much that means to me.. thank you. I still have horrible self esteem
Ruby can you hear my
hope i wake up and have a better day then today
E S T E R E X P S I T O
Second I saw you my night was made
whew chyle the love
He itself updates stories on my instagram and he gets jealous of it and deleted such a cutie pie
Drew, chance, sergio, michael and brady
I love my girlfriend so much wish I could be wit you rn
dang I wish it was real life . thank you tho
Finished my Readings for the day, now to recharge the batteries I hope I have helped guide you all today in
I love people who put me on to new jamz
hey cutie i miss you more
I had to upload these pictures again because I think they look better with music, also
Rey be like this soon
actually so in love. This weekend with was perfect.
HAHAHAHAHAHA sureee
We our page we hope you do too
Thank you for your
We all asap
My parents are my heroes. They are and always have been my rock.
Goulash Night in Canada North Vancouver, British Columbia
This is what makes you and Hudson soul mates.
My other half
My sister cooked dinner for the fam I love her so much
Congratulations
Look happy! have a blast
pinned! YAY! Now officially NYC member! Thank you peoples for your support ! Mwah!
Thank you.
Go Michelle!
Thanks broham hope u have a great trip
Vini happiest happiest birthday to you sweetheart lots of love and best wishes , enjoy your day
Mis videollamadas son muy divertidas
head down, power through
Estubo genial
Te amooo
Melhor find com a chaky
Meu jeito mn
cloudy
God is forever good
gonna get through this
Refuse to Obey
always been myself, and our kids point blank from now on
Ame-se
thank you sm ):
Morning beautiful
Have a nice day...
naraid66
pamktt%um@fq
so glad that doing well i'm getting there
That it would be
Thank you for sharing your experience with get_repost
Acne is the severe problem
With God at the head of your life you will not fail..
Today has been a much needed day with Hunter
Coffee Jelly
you already know
i love how billie sees the world. her point of view really hit me on. i mean c'mon shes just 16. who does that? only her.
Genuine smiLe from this guys superjunior sjofficial can meLt your
PEACE LOVE WAZZU
HELLO Monday
beside me all the time
Iloveyou my Baby'Girl
I love my little family!
thanks babes !
When they hurt for us like that, it can be unbearable.
So comfy and these colors! get it while you still can.
Iti Malia
But thanks boo
Always great night seeing ya :) Pier 27 River Lounge
It was such an amazing album. played the words off it! I still listen to it. Thank you for introducing it to the world.
RT bryantcabrera: Spent the rest of with making & eating Sukiyaki Koreatown, Los Angeles
Maggie is so photogenic
PowerPacked Dialogues
Extraordinary Screenplay
Best Background score
Vijay
Bday
Mamis
Bolinho
Flamengo
Churras
Cerveja
Family
Happy
Awww u guys look so cute hope your all having fun
I saw them on my 1,000. So surreal. Keep it up love
I love you, baby.
Love you twinny
Thank you for the free coffee and doughnuts
GlowUste University of Santo Tomas
Bo bo better be doing this when I get back
So blessed to have met you always be the realest
I love you more handsome
Thank you hun, and I am always here for you as well So did you have a good weekend,
Night with tha family!
Oh, thank you! I have another sketch of her being prepared for tomorrow's
Omg scenes of tension or speaking truths, this show gives me the same feelings as the og.
Sorry for your lost
u are the best and no one can change my mind
: Dear friend, good morning and happy new week. Have an amazing new day,stay safe and remain fulfilling! Much love
I know right I miss I gotta come see fr been forever
G I V E A W A Y
mini sticker
Thunder Dome
Solar Clipse by NBA Youngboy is my favorite
Please never forget that I'm always here for you.. I love you SO much
THIS CLOSE to putting up my Christmas tree
For those who know, this is my FAVORITE time of year
handsome boy
[CONFIRMED] Every living thing on Earth loves YoonA
All the women in my family are queens kill for them all
Escape from to here for Seoraksan The Mountain in South Korea
: Dear friend, good morning and happy new week. Have an amazing new day,stay safe and remain fulfilling! Much love
u will never be happy w urself pretending to be someone else
IDK anything cuter than this , don't you guys ever go back to convos and just have the feels
Thanks boo!
Always a Clean Crib And A Hot Plate i Cant Even Complain.. Only Up From Here
Falling more and more for you everyday
Healings & Intuitive Readings with Tracey Smith
: Dear friend, good morning and happy new week. Have an amazing new day,stay safe and remain fulfilling! Much love
Thank you!!!
Migas por siempre
Oh hun Someday there will be someone who's breath you take away when you walk in. And who
Soff te amo
Bye
what is IG
.
a fotinho pra tu por de perfil
A perfect ending of a perfect day in NYC
been heaven, all the pain
I learned a lot of things during the retreat. You're the best, Lord!
Thanks 18th years of existence
Thanks so much I am so happy
Check pm dear
I deserve this, but darling you look perfect tonight
ifb
Happy BIrthday hanBIn
Three of my beans decided to be perfect tonight while I was making the bed.
Tbt
Valentine
This year you're mine apple_greensz!
And you, whom will be yours?
Happy mensive yg pertama
I come across this one in years thanks cuzz! Love you!
One art form, two disciplines, one beautiful result. I loved this. Street Dancer & Ballerina Fuse Styles Into
so Happy for you both Thank you for always keeping your fans updated I have Instagram
LMAO. thanks girl
i need a coffee date on a rainy morning with you
Taylor swift to me is a true friend YAYYY though i would prefer it to be my soulmate(if only i swing that way)
Que agradable chica
Someone love me
any ver! or set the sun hehe tysm for this ga!!
Happy Birthday! Wishing you all the best
thank you
I have everything always wanted and I be more blessed
Thanks babe I love you too
But I'm stuck in the middle of seeing you hurt I know when you love him and you wanna make it work.
I admire the right person. Saranghaeyo JB-ssi!
you hit dat ho you from louisiana now
A friendship that will last a lifetime
This is all my childhood in one photo and I am nostalgia
My mom and dad are getting married on my birthday this is the best thing ever
Uyyyy. Mas active si PH Care sa FB. Message na fam!!
Si lo imaginas, lo creas.
Happy Birthday to my brother love you
bitches be like when they're still stalking my profile. no we're not the same hoe
Mi fin de semana: Tu
I whistleblowers
THANK YOU FOR THE BIRTHDAY GIFT TWO YEARS IN A ROW I APPRECIATE YOU. (my birthday is November
Thank you my love takes a beauty to know one
"@AnneteK_69: Bang hot babes
penis massage streaming sex super porno sissy verga
Little man loved opening his presents tonight!! His favorite...his first remote control car.
I swear different
wih sie rescue nge twit ini pasti doi mau lanjalan nihh
naraid66
nru0wbiiabih
Happy birthday love miss you!
Veeen
needa wake her sexy ass up
Mother Nature
Have a good day all my friend's ...
good morning
Today was a long and fun day! Had a good family time theme Hello Kitty
G I V E A W A Y
mini fanart sticker
Thunder Dome
.
.
.
Happy birthday I love you both
Brother nature is my new favorite thing
the same to you. thank you
my friends are the cutest <333
Running From My Shadow.
Wow! Eerie!
Watch "Aquarius 18 to 31st October NEW WAYS TO LOVE!!" on YouTube -
Buat sana
Veio dormir comigo
Great stuff Brendon, awesome to see you at the race in person, even signed my sons shirt Gotta support our Kiwi cousin
good night
I love you steph I always got you
Awe! no problem!!
POCONOS TRIP WAS ONE FOR THE BOOKS!
Awww he finally proposed
Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you Shawn. Pass it on
Gracias x existir con eso practicamente haces mi dia
So, this is the time for you to go forever?
Thank you for everything you gave for him.
laughing, choking, bc a wild man!!! love u, Terrence!
happy birthday girlie !!! Hope it was a good one ! miss and love you
Best way to impress Ladies Girls Agreed? Mention someone Mention your other half
Tag
Te olieron JAJAJAJA
Thank you, Patty for the kind feedback
Even tho we fight a lot my lil brother always got an open ear for me
. ()
Decided to binge watch all of 's YouTube videos. I love him already and I just started watching
It seems to be a private shot, and is very good. So sexy.
You manage various MOD. I think your work is good
I know you love India deep inside in your heart
Aq wisau jee one day aq jatuh dgn anak murid. But in case it happens pls yg sado eh
FELICIDADES!
Don't you dare give up....you are not invisible either... stand strong...you can do this.
QUE BONITO SE VE ESTOS LIKES
AMO
sv x pdc always
Good look to everybody
thank you so much this is so lovely!
Ok the nicest person ever
Ofc lovey
Love you wa nakoy load pero you the best
Loved playing around with the ring light today
Much love bro. The whole community is here for you.
a transgender woman, I know what like to be this just made me love her even more
Thank you madz I miss you so much :')
Thanks Bri love you too
on your way
Princess LiveMe LiveMe - Live Broadcasting Community
you seem like cool people
Movie night with the family
I gold!!! Pulled these THREE beauties from ONE of the new Dragon Majesty Premium Collection Box! Check out
Finna get my own nigga just gone be us
Dear Calvin,
Thank you for making our Vice Ganda super duper happy!
I will be tomorrow!
Hola hermocha
I mean..no. This do well on the charts. Try again mom
BNK48 D-DAY
love you
PYM FAMILY
6lbs 3oz 22in long
I loved you on keek. So funny Lol geez this feels like ages ago!!! Thank you
been happy in so long and it honestly feels amazing so blessed
Wow, just beautiful!
thank you!
Just to see how long it takes people to notice....
YASSS It's time for a great show
You so deserve ALL of that happiness!!!
for a tbh
;-;
.
.
Follow your heart
So last night visited my FB page! Thank you!
A few favorites from the
already here, faster than expected! Thanks Thanks also for the Mang freebie.
I love that I can recognise some of my favourite tweeps in there
Never stop dating your husband. Best feeling in the world Even though we missed Bryn - taking time for our relationship is so important
so proud of you amiga love you so much everything is going to turn out great ! you deserve this & so much more
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Whatever you may do on your birthday, may it bring you the happiness you deserve!
thank you Mar!
Lalaban tau Mahal
Power tandem of the year
Will Never -
your lessons are with us always
BABIES
thankyouu ateee!!!!
Top story: '.@Make_It_Right is celebrating his 15th anniversary with all of you
Cant wait to watch daniel again at some variety shows
Raj B Shetty's Character intro Of New Kannada Film
...Sprb...
I'm an fan so I agree
talk to the people who make you happy
I haven't been on Twitter in forever and i miss and
Mis preciosos
loving is easy / rex orange county
goodbye baby / The Walters
tres is comin'
Does he have to be this hot :(
Because they are
Painted my nails and showed Richard. He said killing it and the kind of positivity I need in my life forever
soulfully delicate
RT such delirious
thank you babe!
omg noooo hahaha I even use this account anymore I just randomly got a notification from you
Congrats girls We are so proud of u. i love youuu
Yikes. Hope you get some rest tonight
Thank you so much this brought tears to my eyes
7.5oz and 19in long
So beatiful just like her momma!
-very dear friends of ours and their son, Jaylen.
Domingoou
Sorrisinho
Alhamdulillah for the positive feedback
.
.
SLIDE
Upa mami
What a great weekend I love my family!
Thanks so much I am so happy
But i am not able to pm you dear
Amin aminnn
At the end of the day, LVE wins!
The Sky is the Limit
I just saw it for now... if ever I got the chance to traverse EDSA in any way, I'll try to snap a photo...
How can he pretend that nothing's happened?
I'm so soft watching this vid
Cr. windyyseason
May bago si Catherine
Adorable
Thank you love
Silicon tetrachloride crotonaldehyde is post-impressionism.
Clare Is So Humble , His Energy Is Infectious. I Love You Clare , See You November 21
Daredevil season 3
Gi kapoy jud tawn siya pag ayo. Sleep well anak! Mama is always be here by your side.
"I'll protect you from
Look 6 weeks today
Hey Twitter , still homeless
Awww Kimi patted his car
My hiking buddies
Being back in Richmond is depressing, Chicago I love you
ifb darlings
Wow truly a blessing to everyone around you we deserve you you have such a huge heart !
I this so much. I Debussy. I'm going to be singing one of his artsongs at Do You Drear What I Drear, a
DonKiss Mah heart
AAAAAAA que coisa mais fofa
Candice Patton and Grant Gustin
For bringing these amazing woman into my life right when I needed
This touched me
HAPPY 26TH BDAY TO MY HUSBANDDDDD, SOULMATE, ALLA DAAAAT Appreciate you to tha fullest, we rockin faevaaaa
When puberty hits you hard
Love you Mitch
Why come to San Francisco I really wanna go see you
She looks so happy with this fan gift omg she's the cutest
You mean everything to me
Start a Money-Making Blog: FREE Blogging Webinar Series
Beyond thankful & blessed to have you
Right, Charlotteville, Judge Curiel, of Kim Jong Un & Putin, Sh-thole countries, Condoning
EN VIVO en
TODOS FLOTAREMOS...
Believe it or not, I really have any extensions lmao. All my natural hair
Guess just now replying I love you too
simplicity..
Happy Birthday to Biggest snake I know
of course baby. anything for you
When he visits you at work>>>>
We all know Alex do this
Never anything but love.
TRABZONSPOR
This boy
I love the group of friends I have
Someone tell me this song Cardi is bopping to
I love all my little pumpkins
Like I could just sit here and listen to him all night
Me un video de PINY Institute of New York - ENCIERRO (T1 - Ep22) Caricaturas
Aw be my friends , inviting myself next time
Thank you! He makes me proud
Thank you honey
my baby always doing this my hype man
my lil family
Thanks for the great run everyone
I this guy ! Baby am twisted I swear
Our love for family can make us do unimaginable things
Two months in a row! So glad I got to see the Simeck crew today.
With sisi n brrraaa
The newest member of the family - my son dog Princess.
Skam
Nuevo para el canal con Katherine
espero y les guste
Vayan y suscribance plox
The start of the school year has been rocky, but meeting him was a blessing.
De sempre e pra sempre
Gostei
I get in Friday. I'll make sure to find you all.
i love you
A Design
Keys ?? Bitch what ???
Thank you Nicole!!
Love you right back Isaiah! I hope you continue to set yourself up to be blessed you're on a great
Downloading tomorrow
I think so. You so nailed it Sweetie!!!!!!!!!
i love you so much wtffff
*-
6-2 or 7-3 always and forever
boooom amor
JAJAJAJAJA FUE FUERTE QUE YO, TE AMO
What a morning
Asking my 72 year old mom to cook for me. Her food is the best.
Lee Min Ho
Scan of
October 22.2012
A Six Year ago
Ily
Mbak teukbar is getting married, congratulations. Happy for the newlywed.
Happy birthday Live it up many blessings
for tbh(:
why you so mf beautiful
I love it
5. I wanted something unique crazy for one Chicago shows simple as that
Throwback Monday!
A year ago, Miss Universe Philippines 2017 Rachel Peters chose to spend her
En
i already got a soulmate you
Thank you!
Here's something to make you smile on your timeline!
I plan to.
Esses sim merecem
Happy birthday to uri leadernim
Always here for you bby girl. When we going out?
A year ago today I was so hurt, being around someone toxic. Now I am so happy and so thankful
Just knowing u have someone always there to talk to vent to love on suck on allat
Everybody knows Winwin is my bias but boi Haechan looks so cute here my noona heart hurts
wait to move out our apartment and into a house!! Another dog will be coming to join our fam
- hoping all is well. missing u on this dumb platform.. looking forward to sending your way!
The Diaz family
Love this thread
old love happy birthday zigwai....God's blessings
for changing our lives with your wonderful music
Good morning, Luigi Pacheco
1.7 com muito amor
After reading all this articles
I feel so proud of my self that I'm your fan
We Love you
4 years since you were and Happy 26th birthday I love you brother
Somos
Me too, thank you for making me feel welcome
So proud of brother evolution too crazy, nothing but hits and waves. You the GOAT brotha. GO BUMP.
You are everything and more mama
happy birthday my friend
Rt y si metes tu cara entre mis nalgas y lames mi
Gud morng tweeps Have a beautiful week ahead 2 all
She did the damn thing Circuit of The Americas
going to have a hairy baby I had horrific heartburn and now I have a child with a whole head of hair.
For those who visited HK already, peram or patingin ako ng Itinerary na good for 4 days. Thank youuu.
A year of happiness with
Penang Hill
See you tomorrow
baby you my everything, you all i ever wanted
Come join us next Sunday
I guess it's better to stay as a mystery.
And I love the photo and the moment.
Lol! I love books I help that God gave me this gift
I love waking up to Latin music.
Wow hard to believe I won the jackpot with having these perfect people in my life
is soo adorable and we have the same birthda April 24th. Can like be best friend with you?!
Liam and Perrie
Queen
CHEERS TO THAT!!
H
O
J
E
T
E
M
I
N
T
E
R
Sending love to thank you for letting me share my voice.
Cute narusaku
:
Hey sexy sexy i miss you and love you i will see you in may the next time coming home
Insha Allah hafidzah ya dek
Thank you
learn how to draw or do graffiti. It was my parents were weird my friends
coming for
got my selca tee, Baek!
Oh shit dat me. I love Tots and I hope everyone knows it
This is gonna be the best music for Christmas
I'm so happy with my hair!!! going short napud
23- Andrew Matarazzo
Aaaaay te amooo es heavy, me gusta tanto estar tan disponible
Happy Birthday
Thank you soo much I was scared lol but it bad
you honestly pretty gorgeous ! Thank you
Sexy monday morning fit2dancerspositive attitude plus a woman with a good heart
That is a kind of people in
thank you Phoebe!!
Im so sorry that is happening to you, I hope this person is wise enough and stops. God bless u for your big
I LOVE YOU BITCH
Jtm fort
Just woke up, soundtrip agad.
Sembreak ng dalawang bagets, ang iingay!
Good morning everyone!
Happy birthday aaaa lvyuu
i love you
Gosh, I love this I love my job. I love my kids!
Fortnite and Fortnite and Fortnite! Come chat and ask questions and make some friends! Follow the channel, sub!
Miss my boy
Actually, Im already taken love u
Success, Susan! We're thinking there's probably not much those pretty pups wouldn't do for treats.
You gotta love yourself before you can love someone else .
Just Ready For My Baby To have My Baby
solemnly deep.
RT how enticing
I love you lady!!! cant wait to see you in a few weeks
Loved you since I was 13
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: 3/$20 Week Sharks Gray Graphic
We are all one. Love and peace is the goal. MAGA
Thank you too, Kimi
What a great weekend
sorry if being annoying just feeling really grateful and appreciative for the amazing people that I have in my life, ily guys
HAPPY 1ST MONTHSARY
MABUHAY ANG "SWEET FRIENDS"
happy for you !
Thank You my love!!
Oh, how I LOVE this!
2,5 Years after buying our entertainment center we finally were able to bring these beauties out of their package... totally in love
Acceptance is the key
been awhile since we took a selfie together ..movie time now that Bash is asleep!
for always being friendly & so warm when seen you your energy radiates !
If you fwm send me a good morning text tomorrow morning I need it frfr
Matching
Happy birthday cousin
But that face is too pretty to beat
So proud of you brother evolution too crazy, nothing but hits and waves.
Wish I was in Elpaso:( Halloween coming up
Thanks for the song!!! Was an amazing recommendation
hello jasmine! i'm fine, i guess? i also hope good things for you. i'm here if you need someone. take care as well and gbu.
proud of you! what talking about stay strong
Thank you po Madam
Sharing beautiful ad and music. I Apple.
Beautiful thing
Love you bb
No matter what always have your back thankful for a friend like you
Much love to you come back to Utah soon.
of course love you
Hermosos
B.I
tomorrow will finally be the day completely out of life, thank you planned parenthood
Everyone has a True Love and He Is Mine . One Day He Will Figure Things Out Until then I will wait
with you mean self
Felt so good seeing my baby again I missed him so much
Can I just say you are beautiful both inside and out . Keep stating facts and building women up .
The most inspiring family - so incredibly happy for you guys
Noted, Shakira! I will! Thanks for sharing!
Thank you, Yen!
Because You are needed, God only gives you what you can handle
Had a great weekend with my girlfriend.
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Bailee!
My intuition never lies to me I be knowing exactly wtf going on
Lee Min Ho
Scan of
October 22.2012
A Six Year ago
I pray peace of mind for Him and Me
I only have 4 real friends the bitches that went out with me for my birthday well we always go out
worth some of mine! Come over anytime!
Ur a beautiful angel you little smol big ass jar of mayonnaise ily2themoonie moon moon i'm confused but
I seriously have the best parents
thank you Michael!! It was one for the books!
1 Of My
I appreciate you
thank you so much
Peter Joseph - where art thou? missing u & hoping all is well. sending love your way
Cuteness overload!
i am so sorry you had to go through this :( you are so incredibly strong
Same. Someone love me. very lonely and I just wanna cuddle and watch Tim burton movies with someone
It makes me so happy to see you guys together
"Sing, Unburied, Sing" was SO wonderful Ward is such a fantastic writer!
My 2nd carry on.
Mvp Season
You're fabulous! Love and hugs from the States! XXOO
Beautiful Baby
75: lol you like my sis, only thing we talk that much but yk the pree
OMG, congratulations to my favorite vlogger! More subscribers and vlogs to coooome, mamsh
I just discovered this on Poshmark: HP 'POETRY' BLK SEXY DRESS & NEW!!!. via
My is HAPPY feeling happy
10/21/2018: H A P P I N E S S
Busay, Cebu, Philippines
Balamban, Cebu, Philippines
The love of my life
psyche & cupid
She is my world I'm a lucky man. Thank you for the appreciation!
be here cheering you on and supporting you in all you do! So proud of all of you.
ANY TIME IS GAINING TIME
200 LIKES=200 FOLLOWERS
Like
Retweet
Comment ifb
Follow Who Like and RT
Follow
Wow, I am so lucky. Thank you for the most beautiful flowers ever seen.
Love your thoughts It's true
OMG can I be Sky Brown when I grow up?? Shout out to all the girls out there.
Happy birthday to my favorite person Best wishes on your birthday love u 22 October
thank you so much for tonight it was incredible i had such a great time see you in a month i love you
Dance Again by on
Thank you honey
.@TuckerCarlson just schooled on
Free speech is free thought.
Please RT
high notes
Glad doing better
171022 Mark and Jaebeom
What a man! A real man.
an inspiration for all.
Bb cheesecake again
thank you love!
The Night We Met
Spex via /r/Hotchickswithtattoos
miss you! But get better! Stay strong, BUT remember okay to not be strong for awhile!
My husband is being extra cuddly tonight & loving every second of it
Goodbye Aunt Jayne, I love you with all my heart.. Rest easy, beautiful
Women who choose to have Relaxed Hair not sleeping on you.
Thank you for making me feel safe to send you my dick
OMG, that happy trot just kills me. I love Noodles
Rt y si tu verga mide de 15cm te mando nude por
Thank you, my queen. I love you so much. Come and do a show in Brazil.
Agnezmo
Credit to sunnysbridal : Gurmeet + Renu
___________
sunnysbridal
aquarius_art81
A Design
thank you
You should
best experience ever to have a tattoo about something that you love the most
Thank you, Phuket! I leave a piece of my love with you travelling to Bangkok, Thailand from Phuket Domestic
thank you
Happiest birthday along!! may Allah bless you always!
I watched it twice. I loved it. Thanks.
This guy is having quite a couple weeks! Last week he had his first official day at Preschool! He seems to be
anything he wants he can get it
Hiichan in peach
Thank you nephew
cola_pola wearing forgotten.lockett and doing the legwork thing again
Paper based on "love" and "mating" experience by David Buss.
pretty & cool af chick i hope you havin fun at usm
This is EXACTLY what I need to learn right now. Thank you SO much you're such an inspiration
BoJack 5x02 - The dogs days are over
Coffee makes me happy
I know!
Everything about today was wonderful I have such a full heart
so thankful I got to spend my birthday with {almost} all my favorite people
Love, Jail, age. funny because I teach creative writing in a jail
Bxgdhdhhfh...
Awwwwww
thank you ate nhica!!
Congrats Quincy! This is awesome news! Keep it up!
Happy with my life & thankful for the people in it
so happy back! Missed ya
Yesss new video
this is my fursuit I made myself
I love you
JIMIN Jungkook
You are so sweet! really is the best for that reason Lin is the most SPECTACULAR
This is actually one of his best pictures
Ok thanks for the advice queen
Oh trop bien ! Merci
My deepest sympathy, take all the time you need but never forget that lots of people care about you. Take care
congrats baby
Jesus is real & he saves. I trust Him w every fiber of my being and am so happy about all that He is doing in
Fala fechamento
salimos bellisimas aaaa te amo mucho gracias por todo
Excited na ako sa result CPALE 2018 hehehe. God bless you all
Lmao i love you too muah i had to try it ,you owe me that one
24- Froy
Much needed therapy session with my favorites
Download high quality pic here Follow, Like and Retweet!
i loove when we talk about our future plans now its time to commit to it
Sometimes i just want a burrito.
Download high quality pic here Follow, Like and Retweet!
I want to build a home like this
This is my life now.
HAHAHAHHAAHHAHAHA!
Glad all our words are helpful to you
He really is the sweetest
Baby, you have my heart
Aw I miss tav and Lou
Me
The Mountain I know better than Gregor Clegane
Photo Download high quality pic here Follow, Like and Retweet!
Going to do this to our home when our foundation is set and they start to build
Tan perfecto que duele
Mac Demarco
Wilson was a pretty boy.
With sir
Happy birthday Priyanka Have a great one
Hi!! Have a meaningful & productive sembreak I do hope that you get the rest you deserve Enjoy & have fun!!
2
Love you endlessly, Kassandra. Thanks for being in my life.
Goodmorning all
Morning
my best friend too
join now!!!
Missing this view
prayers for SAM the MAN
On replay
I love you so SO much. the worst at advice but sending you the biggggesssttttt hug
You are part of my family.
Thank you
today was really fun thank you to everyone who made my birthday special
Minha de outra
To the friends who people in my behalf, ty i lab all muahugz poewshzx
I know you will help your people, you have a big heart and they have God in their side. Love you!
i hope is doing well
Thank you so much!!!
oppression and resistance
Transforming History | Retro Report | The New York Times
Ya mom really be wanting the best for you sis would give me the universe if she could
Credit to brightbeautifulandbridal : Just because tulle details are everything and more
Dress:
Yo sorry!! North had my phone! She always tweeting wild stuff :// I would never deny you
I love it!
Tierra is the best
FUERTE x CHIMERA
.... what a great combination: STEM B
I'm so proud of my niece, I love her so much!
I love this video
You are precious baby
Keep the faith and Go Go Jeremy
Let me go to bed, goodnight everyone
I love Abuelita she's always the biggest voter. I appareciate all of her help
Thank you
I love everything about him
OK amor
IZ*ONE "COLOR*IZ" Jang Wonyoung
.
.
.
.nct
.
.
. Please follow this account for more
You guys are on our local newspaper today , a major one
Factsssssssss she hit shit I love Bitches NBS
Never thought I could love someone so much until I met you
G I V E A W A Y
mini fanart sticker
Thunder Dome
think she was dreaming & was tryna tell me.. it was cute tho cause she fell back asleep
Congratulations Actor Doh Kyung soo!
is literally my absolute favorite so blessed to have her in my life
Goodnight hope you sleep well my dude. Remember, everything happens for a reason!
Doon tayo kung saan tahimik.
I love seeing those in my notifications. I just be like another woman of
I love you more than ever know
Oh man, it was rough. But it also reminded me I got this
Thank you pretty girl!!
Happy birthday Marlon!!
thank you
hi i love you too. thank you.
Thanks ma
Up We Go by Oh__Hey__Tae
The latest addition to my favorites list. I absolutely love this story because it
Thank you so much somms
Fam for life
DO YOU PEOPLE LIVE UNDER ROCKS??
I found one, thanks
Appreciate him while he is still there
Good night everyone
sempre sempre sempre
Paint by minverse
Minverse again! I reread Paint recently and enjoyed it just like the first time. Like all
cuando "Angela Ponce"
Thank you po for the love
thanks fren
large, extra cheese, extra sauce (extra you) by viminism
Fun, fluffy taegi antics! A quick feel good read
We u more!!! So proud of
Loved playing around with the ring light today
te queremos
Miss na namin tong gaga na toooo
la amo tanto wacho, me va a explotar el
Sem to ya.
Hehehe goodluckk isaraa due to all the hard work you didd you get reward tommorrow ehh
so adorable Diana. God bless you love
That was such a fun game to take my godson to! We had so much fun
theprommusical Get ready Broadway, the kids are taking you to Prom!!!
Currently gathering stuff for our day off finally, and I may be sick but at least I get to lay with this cutie and its sunny
My heart .... MY SHIP HAS SAILED
you've been very tough lately, God bless you always! keep that spirit alive! Thank you anon!!!
Grandma:
My mom:
Me:... My stuffed animals. Does that count lol
I could offer you a warm embrace
Never change the beautiful people that you are
ily
Te amo vida
This is awesome.
here...
we forget.
They deserved better.
Please dress up for this year like u promised!!
Congratulations sister!!! proud of you!!
thank you so much, sis
Viva bem, viva em paz consigo mesma
in & !!
Soon
babies are there
I love Abuelita she's always the biggest voter. I appreciate all of her help
hi i love you so much.
love you new music en I knew you would get to the top been rough but you did it
You deserve it
not that hard to put up with. Love you tons.
Who needs a man when you have chocolate
Happy birthday Love you so much I had a great time celebrating with you this weekend! So
I still love you all
Quem jogaaaaaaaa...
I love you!
Oh my heart I love you
My heart leads me to my dreams every day I strive to achieve them and I must confess that
SDfq345
thank you, I love you
Not you.m, who is taking about you. my tweetheart.
Okay My 3 man crushes
5 ko hi tag karugi bhai
i am already have one Brazil G.O!! But ok , if you want to open it pls tell me thank you
This is my dog Mystique, she is my girl
LUV U! Miss you too! soak up the beach extra for me!
My Sister Sister
Titia bate
BLANQUITA MOCTEZUMA ME
Ahhhhh
The best AND the craziest for sure! but we love Tangela
While I was showering, Dada was listening to GBV with the littles; Micah is into too.
I love you more
crimsonredtaylor: TOUR POST! Taylor! My name is Charlotte and be seeing you on the...
We Our Job!
There is nothing quite like finding the right person for a property
If you are looking for your
I thank God everyday for blessing me with my boyfriend
I ..... but not so much cleaning! watching Hocus Pocus
Love you Em!
Haha all good love I got food . so sweet
in love with and started watching 2 days ago and I stop they are babes and a power couple
So proud of you!
I swear I wanna give my man and our kids the world
This weekend has been the best yet
Thank you
Awn, para eso estamos
My heart is full
Had an uncle who was a hemophiliac. Hang in there, both of you
- was good turn up queen
Hey booo , damn your ass is so much bigger than your eyes
Watch broadcast: in & !!
We wont be playing the first minor qualifier today, but 1 qualifier could be enough
We will be playing 3/4 qualifiers
blasting this shit
Tomorrow
and RT
Watch broadcast: in & !!
the best part of mississippi is getting to see my bestfriend
AMO
Watch broadcast: in & !!
Minha Gravidinha 2018
Everything falling in place
words cannot describe how much i love all three of you
I love my family so much.
Wow you're pretty
Tu ombligo, claro.
Because Jackson Wang is an ultimate inspiration to everyone
welcome me too
me completa!!! 8 meses
Baby now in english, translated by lovely Ibu Debra Yatim. Coming to you for but you can
Woah your both kinda perfect
Paradis glace chocolat...
I adore you.
Thank You
Cant stop starring to my bubu. Also cant wait for the OT7
i have ur notifs on and jack please
Aw thanks so much for the support
hihi
Mira la de in & !!
Let the games begin.
Thank you
Lord grant their hearts' desires
Hey babes, check out my new YouTube channel: Thanks for the support! CLICK HERE
awts
Gracias Agus
Awww congratulations proud of you Going back to CNA now this!! Keep moving on up
Uncle Willie K. amazing!
a dona da vibe mais boa que tem
aww
For tito's bday!!
You are! thanks Eli
This is so beautiful
I could too I bet get an A on that essay, unlike biology
on Sundays is the sent a powerful message. When you can
naraid66
zs$ppbkf@zt@
Waiting on my to get home. I made dinner tonight
hahahha
HAPPY MENSIVE
EONNI OPPA
[from : pipo yg canci]
Sending all the love, please send him all the love.
Some of our giveaways. See you!
En el cine baby Tenes que verla en el cineeeee. Promise me you will.
I honestly don't know how I ever lived without you
Fetus Spades! look how they're shining now!!
boa noite mores
Looking for NRI Bride or NRI Groom for
**NRIMB consists of Professional Matchmakers Team**
2 months old today my wittle bean Every minute that passes with you never get to relive but always
for a tbh
self love baby girl
Mi portero
Thank you so much!
Mozona
Miss na namin tong gaga na toooo
Oklahoma was so fun, nothing but good vibes & great laughter
Thank you for being so generous with your precious memories and helping those that need it most
All too well
im super blessed
Yellow Ledbetter de Pearl Jam
LETS KEEP SLAYING AND END THE YEAR WITH A BANG ERIES
JAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJA
thank you so much
Thank you
you guys are amazing! congratulations to everyone who won!
from 1st to 3rd to forever Happy (ctto)
Done
afff q homem
minhas princesasssss
My husband is so good to me He took me to this show because he knew I really wanted to go, even after working
Like to take a picture of him while he plays pubg with his friend
To always making me smile and to be so nice with his fans. Making me happy with his music
Watch broadcast: in & !!
Great day with my Luv
Good dreams, good vibes happy Monday
Last night my boo was introducing me to literally everyone and he was so excited to say I was his gf. It was so cute
Watch what happened at 0:31 in broadcast: in & !!
My pleasure, basta para kay Sarah G.
Han
BTW good morning I love gol gappy too
thank you
awwww thank you!
Love you Jimin~!! This is for you
My lil man
I love you
I miss you
I need you
hey babe
Stev mi amor
Now you can go back and re read this thread better knowing the context
Cuddling with my son at night is the only thing the reassures me every little thing is going to be alright
happy birthday fake ass best friend
-end- DO NOT RT ANYMORE tq
My cousin really out here getting it proud wait to be on the side of her
This is amazing! So much good in the world!
This GIF explains it all. World Peace. An exceptional concept...
I love it im soo in love
you sing like an angel !! Montreal loves you and your beautiful family . Thank you ! Most incredible show of my life
The Work of the Holy Spirit Part 3 Video -
vai ficar tudo bem
Heal the
is the best! good night everyone!
Well fuck.
ILL TAKE IT YOONGI.
What we have perfect but real!
& m blessed to hve this kinda man in my life MA
I have some wild dreams ready to achieve but thank god I have some supportive people ready to achieve them with me
Amo.
My favorite smile in the world
be on when I feel better babies
Amooo
aw, happy birthday!!! hope you (and had fun getting lit!! and hope it was amazing!!!
Canonball by the Breeders
moonlight is one of my fav songs ever
Hasta que con este angelito
Breno acabou de me responder no Direct
Are you having a lovely weekend? Hope to see you wear some heels again soon of course
Absolutely beautiful. His emotion is palpable. Now may we live up to it.
Halsey
This was so much fun
So PROUD of how the have been playing this season!
loved keep your head up, it gets better
It is amazing how you can remember laugh forever whether they are here or gone
treacherous e I almost do
agwapa boses mo doi.
making friends is what counts the most
Love this
Sling bag cantik kan ? murah2 aje uolls
RM21 free postage
Lisa is weird . Jk... I love you
the perfect catch
check DMs pls
Thanks lil homie
I know my next couple of hair styles bout to order my hair..
Smiling from within
I love my mother more than life only person that loved me unconditionally forever grateful for her .
Sunday Funday with Ketel One Botanical Grapefruit & Rose with club soda!
Crazy how life works out. so grateful to have you in my life. I love you
Watch broadcast: in & !!
Honey is your right to dream you know the song "in my dreams you're with me We'll be
Yes Big baby needs sleep
Hugs!!! And I think your super cute and very beautiful
Dream
take care Pwearl hehe
Thank You
Bitter sweet moment to see go, not only a great leader but a friend!! Happy retirement Gia live, love, laugh
Hahahaha this is still gold.. thanks cass
My boy love you man and thank for you for always casting your cares upon me
I had such a good day today. I really needed it
Also, is a national treasure
Black bean finally found a home and super happy for him.
Yeah it just sucks. Thanks so much for everything including your friendship and kindness always
No problem! please help stream their label mate's KARD too!
If john say somethin bad he gonna get shit on by akgaess
But that proof he talkin from his heart
kno the truth hurt but ill never lie to ya
12
Regain duo. See you in the stream soon
Till there was you//
i am there for you
SE DAN CUENTA DE TODO EL CONTENIDO QUE NOS ESTAN DANDO? NO ME QUIERO DORMIR.
ESTA DE NUESTRO LADO AMIXES.
Vote for the Most Outstanding Male TV Actor
~ ExoPink
~ ExoKon
~ ExoBang
WOWWW...I really love this combination so much
That's collaboration is
LeeKnow I love you so much
Awake at this time again but for the most perfect reason my baby girl I couldn't be blessed anymore with my little family
Big facts they already know the deal.
for a TBH
Blessed with this girl that makes my day better 24/7 love ya babygirl
3 weeks till joshs birthday! Starting the planning early hope to get him something special
Thanks Cam!!
I love my babies
I just scrolled through your recent tweets bc I really know you but we have the same favorite color and
Kaori SAKAMOTO
Designed with
Beautiful Proud to be
CCU peeps
BFF
No one forgets his love
always be grateful
Love you too
Love that song!
I know I missed my fuckin turn but it was good screaming w you through the window
I never expected you to make me this happy
Breathe.
13
Just my love my Sunday midnight walks with my
Vote for
This is soooo much fun to dance too
Call me the breeze
Lynynd Skynynd
good morning
This is awesome Pleaae watch!
My
Cullen taught me everything I know Well no not everything, but a great deal, so I
such a baby my heart
She loves me
thank u so much for bringing jisung happiness will miss you sarang!!
Your life will become amazing before the end of the year, I have faith!
rest in peace tatang usi.
mall on friday
baby pleaseee dm me if you need to talk. im staying up for you. please talk to me. im here for you and i love ypu .
Gracias a vos bb te amo
Sling bag comel kan ? murah2 je uolls
RM20 free postage
Happy Birthday to this Angel on earth!!
Wishing you all the love, happiness and success in
It's beautiful
Yes! Yes! The reconciliation part
M So Happy For Both Of You! Mine Favourite Couplelove
Boa noite povo
Johnny Bravo & Jessica Rabbit, I want to be her for halloween this year.
Soon buddy, soon
We miss you too
Vice is such a genuine person. She deserves genuine happiness.
See you next year!!!
"Don't let what he wants eclipse what you need. He's very dreamy but he's not the sun, you are." Yang
Love you more
Miss you
So glad I got see that cute baby today!!! I sure him!!
thankyou leader love u shot haha
Crawsis you know ily
This was probably one of the best weekends had in a really long time. My heart is so full
sad I be seeing you on tour next year but I know you will kill it and have so much fun!
WE MISS YOU MORE!!! next tour is gonna be incredible i wait
Precious as a sunflower
Last night was amazing!!
Thanks my loveMuch needed hug Thanks for coming
Thank you so much Jena, so blessed to have a friend like you thanks for the amazing weekend
I love joji so much .. he changed my life
I love you
Thank you so much!
Amazing Legendary Iconic
Te amo
Alice Brookes is all red hair and underwear (24 Photos)
pra mimmm
I legit could watch dance ALL day!
miss you too. seeing you in montreal last year, i honestly wait
i am proud of you
i love you
Wow!! what a beautiful song
come back to Brazil please
Shawn you need your rest to do that
Obg amor
Can't wait to see you next year.
Red is your color !!
Come to Brazil again
Aww you are so sweet
So thankful for the growth and changes we have seen in Bro JR and Sis Crystal. awesome job tonight Bro JR.
have a rest, please! take care of yourself and enjoy your family! we love you forever
I misss you
i wait to finally see you
Thank you for making me the happiest girl in the world
The reason is you... I will be forever
I love you
thread de tweets que me fazem lembrar de meu amor
We miss you too but coming soon and you deserve a break hun
Hey guys, I would really appreciate it if you guys check out my YouTube channel and subscribe thanks so much
I love youu
Im hopping that you can come to Peru to play for all of us! I NEED THAT
Soon
Lo mega amooo
This the face of a bueatiful angel
time to be selfish.
Take care of yourself hard honey
BUT ARE YOU EXCITED?!
Make sure your following and & RT for more!
MY BABY MAROOOHHAAA I love youuuu! It was amazing being home with you and raz ! Always feel truly in
Morning.. Enjoy the rest of the week.
This is exactly how feeling. Miss it. See you in March
I love you so mucho
Right me tooo!
Happy birthday you little cutie I hope you had the best day I love u
have a nice time at home glad getting some chill time
Happy birthday you little cutie I hope you had the best day I love u
my favourite person to listen too
new face hanbinnie style happy birthday!!!!!!!
Holy shit I love you
Check out the tag (also we cant wait for tour it needs to be next year already)
Late night conversations with bae
Get some rest first. We loved you during the festival run
I love you so much
i love you
My heart... adore you Mendes
And I can't wait until
This is exactly what we need more of.
I love you so much
Momma sent a text she said she proud of me
I wait to see your show next year
You, and I, and thousands more.
We will continue to fight for the victory of good over evil.
((HUGS)) Love You if you need me, here
more than ready to meet u
he made it better tbh
I hope you get through it as well
Maungakiekie is amazing without cars on the tihi!
everyday
Armate y vamos
I love you so much
Any Los Angeles date?
Ps: I love you so much!!
yesterday's race was so shit i got 1/6 with my prediction . And it was that seb will finish P4
Wow wait
I LOVE YOU
Te amo
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THIS CUTIE someone give me tickets to their concert please
You are the best
We need more moms like this who raise their boys right
with my beautiful baby
the next time i see you is in june and forever away but i still wait
Amo
so excited!
wow the two snakes are really together
ownt
I love you
thank you, baby for being the greatest boyfriend
Come to Brazil
LOOKING TO SPREAD OUR NAME OUT THERE!!! we need steamers and GFX makers !! HMU if you INTERESTED!!
Mis ojos ven arte puro Guau :0
imy
- Monday! Ready to work! -
Vape safe and have fun guys life is to short not to
plz
Thank you for your support! We sure will, Spy Gate is next.
Also happy birthday by the way :) well belated
if it all goes wrong,darling just hold on
Lee Min Ho
The Great Doctor (Faith) Official Stills
October 22.2012
A Six Year ago
Love u
looking forward to your tour, and plz come to China anyway love you and have a wonderful day
I LOVE YOU
going to see you in June
Either one is fine
I LOVE YOU
Hopefully I could see you live!
I still love that woman ....
you should !!! it feels so good to have it on my skin now and good now, recovery is a
I really need to see you and listen to you please come to Argentina
Just love these sunday midnight walks with my
This song is just perfect congratulations my queen I LOVE YOU SO MUCH !!! Come and do shows in Brazil.
Tbh, on that type of level
Mommy brag and mommy confession:
My kids are absolutely gorgeous and handsome not just saying this
wait to see you!! July come fast enough
One day, be best thing.
love u
I am soft
We miss ya too but now rest for a while and chill
We cant wait and please dont forget latin america love i
LOVE U
And I can't wait for
imy
Te amo tbm
I love you!!! just fucking politics! vote them out! You have support! you ever
Swear
She is so beautiful to me
I love you
I want soooo many tattoos most of them are gonna be cartoon characters and lil cute symbols lmao I wait to be 18
LOS AMO!
KIM NAMJOON OUR PRESIDENT
hi abuelita, you are voting a lot here!! forget to vote everyday for EMAs too voting a lot with you too
Riverdale
bailey bossman is a super hero
Love you
Da melhor forma com o Love
High five!
I you Joey!!! Ty!!
This whole day was an eye opener the tarot guy told me so much about myself and Im so glad I heard all of that
Brow Day for The Gonzaga Ladies Thank you for your trust Mommy Pinty , Ms Toni, and Ms Alex
My favorite moments are laying in bed with Nate watching a comedy special and realizing how amazing he is
Hey Thais
Check out Tea with
thank you, m
The kids had a blast today
the best babygirl
SEEEEEE YAAAAAA !!!!!!!
Your drive is inspiring
See you on the next tour
Love you
I still have it!
LOVE YOU i can't wait for the tour
Come to Brazil crlhhh
I love you baby
Just cannot get enough of these two.
I'm listening Fallin' all in you
I adore you.
fav fud sa chowking? chao fan wt fried siomai
The Tour is coming, all so excited, gonna be wonderful!!
Favorite Friend seen you or talked to you in forever but you know nothing but love with yo funny ass
Enjoy your time off Shawn, you really deserve it
Girl take all the time you need to find your art soul and so happy on how much your life
Squad pictures
I love you so much
No olvidemos esta imagen PORFAVO
aaahh i love you so much, please rest well while home ok? important to have some alone time once in a while
Hyunjin oppa!
Sixpack or No sixpack!?
Say hi to THAI STAY!
Thankyou, I AM YOU!
Hey heey.
Nice to meet ya!
Loved playing around with the ring light today
Day 293 of 365
I miss my Disney Roomie so much and Kenna
Thanks so much!!!
My heart is full Castaway Cay (Gorda Cay) Airstrip
Remember to take care of yourself during the process too. Your health and happiness always comes first
Hera Seoul Fashion Week Ordinary People Moonbin & SanHa
south america wait to see you
so sorry and always here for you dm me if you wanna talk :)
kakaoid : naraid66
1g$bkbbc#uq
I LOVE YOU
Te amo plisss come to Mexico
I miss you too and i love you forever and ever
Take care
SO COME TO BRAZIL WITH THE TOUR
So adorable. eat murdered turkeys. Life is precious. Save them.
It's a very steamy Triple-B: Beers, babes & burgers!!! (48 Photos)
We are excited to see you performing the album at the tour too!
been super deep in my word the past couple weeks church was amazing today as well.
Smh yara gonna stay a haywani but my favorite one, we love you more our house is your house
6-1 and it feels so good
see you again next November
Bruhhh thanks dude appreciate you
cuties
yes, i am gonna hear you live in Arizona, i love you Shawn so much
Me and Tay went out deer hunting for a little while tonight and it felt so good to just have time to ourselves.
i miss you SO much!! i wait to see you next year
for teaching me how to never give up, how to stay true to who I am and to never forget where I belong
Follow the cutest girl out there
omg my meme made it to others love my impact on the world
Is Now Trending In India Trends At 1st Place
And the first pic was sent to me on my birthday
You got this
te amo
An amazing journey comes to an end
Yoga Teacher
Estamos
Man, my team got creamed today. I still love my Bengals though.
From freshman year to Senior year
Had An Fun Time With My Bestfriends This Weekend As Always Love Them Hoes
I cant like anything again so...
You failed. You taught me how to be strong.
I love love love those legs.
I love that with Perla puedo hechar desmadre one day and study and cry the next
One day, be best thing.
LOVE U SO MUCH
my son & I have our bracelets
On repeat
this smile
this heart >>>>>> this heart
3rd last day of Exam..
thank you shawn
You in love until you wanna cheat anymore .
Love seeing my cousin tweets like these.
te amo
Can you feel the LOVE just by looking at all these photos ?
Thankyou Ya Allah for giving me the chances to
Aiguuuu yerinnieee!!!
Nice to meet ya!
Thank you boo
I love you shawn
good morning idol
Have a great day
i love you with all my heart and soul
A Dream FZE
4 years in the making Been hoping for this announcement since I first watched Ram-Leela on the big screen. So
thank you for the list
Yo en estos momentos
HSHSH IM HAPPY IT DID
Time to change everything from 22 to 23 Thanks for all the birthday wishes
I can feel myself getting better and more comfortable playing soccer. Still need to improve and grow. Thanks
Amor
stay healthy baby hope you had a great day always
New eyelash extensions
Contact me to get free samples
WhatsApp 8617561728985
Congrats worm
It'll get better always remember you matter bb
This really just made my day
We don't need menus for the Triple-B (42 Photos)
Adorable
Happy bub we love u sunshine!!
take a rest! We love you, always!
Manuel Turizo and Turizo hands down amazing
Morning
the most precious and the purest charismatic leader of iKON.
I love the trees
Yes, we need to set a good example of self love & confidence for our little girls
Follow me please
Blessed
Crdts.
for making me feel loved
JAJAJAJJQ LA AMOO
Thanks for the shoutout! We're glad you like us.
it sounds intriguing cause now I don't know what would be the scary part of it XDD thank you tho! I'll definitely check it out!
I miss you in
Good mornimg Khoobsurat logo.
25- Dan Reynolds
te lo dedico ahreee te amo
I want a kid so bad but so young but I want to wait to long but I want a girl and a boy they would be so beautiful
I miss you too baby
Love you too looking forward to it
Thanks, Kass
Best move just let me tho you know we can always kick it fam
goodnight baby i love u so much, please come to south america we love and need you here
Omg they speak the truth! They are amazeballs! Peeps, you gotta try em! Fo' reelz!
I know this is really early.... But all I want for Christmas is to have someone fall in love with LimeLife the way I have.
Um amor desses
Great photo.
Aff
im sorry i forgot to put you back in my starting lineup
Good morning
doesnt mean im attracted to u. Im straight. It means ur my boy and im not leaving u there alone. If u
What a wonderful birthday! Feeling very blessed. been good to me so far.
:( Ay muchas gracias
PRELOVED! SWIPE to see the item.
.
REVERSIBLE TOP
.
Price: (original price:
.
Color: white (1sr
Stolen. Comment a heart and we might do it.
Cute picnic
Date at the movies
Cuddles on the sofa
Drunken
Seize the day. Start the week with
I love you so much I can never replace you BFFs for life
are pure passion and fire(pun intended). They are forever. Thank you for
we miss you too
I was born to be wild... until 9pm when I go home and snuggle Bentley
MIL GRACIAS, PRECIOSA.
Damn, lucky!! God, you are so good to me
I love dogs so much and some of us deserve em
I had the best day, with you, today
Nope! I my !!
Baby, stay by my siiiiide. By my side. Ride or die. You and Iiiiiiii. You and I.
naraid66
n0vp00cpboj
I wait to experience my first ever concert next year I love you
You have done so much for us, after a lot of festivals you have to rest, you DESERVE a break
iconeeee
Nothing better than being home with and the kiddos relaxing living our best life
In life I just wanna be happy that's all I want forever
I LOVE YOU
: i got ignorant af w my emojis and you simple af with yoursbut you a bad ass bitch. glad we cool. i hope
3.0 luchare por ese iPhone lo prometo
I wait to see you next year!! But right now you need REST!!
GOODNIGHT EVERYONE see ya, all later. Love
Love you too!
ily
I just hit 100 followers on twitch thanks to and the Chiefz Tribe!! Much love (subtle plug)
Epiphanyyyy this song puts me in the feels
I love you !!
Hands
Hanayamata Movie when?
This is a wonderful anime
Any time love
i love so much
3.0 luchare por ese iPhone lo prometo
Welcome to the fam once!
Mina slowly killing us with that voice and now pd too
20 Something by
Boa noite
all yours, boo!
so thankful for you
We can't wait to see you! I can't believe how far away it is still. Enjoy your time at home lovely!
this if you tryna be my boo
So. Hot. In. Red.
When your alarm clock is set to short white shorts (42 Photos)
Come to Colombia
Describe your crush! whos gonna man up and tell me who sent this bc if you do ill show up my poem i wrote
Thank you, boo
doing so much better now & being his happy self again. Im just glad his injury was nothing to serious.
congrats baby!
own. Te amo muito
WOW I LOVE YOUR FACE! How can you be this perfect
AAAHHH THATLL BE SO GOOOD!! wait!!
euu esta re bello lym
look at this beautiful drawing
This is SUCH a good picture. Your performance was fab
Tanner Fencing Corporate Office
Stan Dreamcatcher... thank you, bye
Happy 2nd Wedding Anniversary Mr. And Mrs. Richards
We love you
sigam e fortalece nois!
Thank you!
always nice to see my skegee fam
dying to hear perfectly wrong
Rest up we'll see you next year luv
See you in New Jersey next year
Intramural 2k18
I LOVE YOU
I love you, but where are my Mexico dates? My heart is ready i swear, anyways love ya again.
Good morning for me, good night for you Sweet dreams Norman Yeah today it's TWD Day in Europe
thank you so much hun, it means the world. let's definitely keep in touch
Such a beautiful day with my love.
black bean rice bowl . Thanks
Miguel mi nuevo crush Osiris
I really hope that you coming to Brazil
Sadie is beautiful & a precious baby girl no matter her age. I send her lots of hugs, kisses and love.
the fact that youre in my game rn just makes me so hapyy. A legend
you can always count on god , if you count on nobody else. He will always be ten toes down for you
Shawn How are you doing? I hope you have a show in South Korea. You've never been here yet. I love you so much
Date with Me at
best handjob massive tits ninja porn prostate massage thai
for sharing your dream with us
You were awesome in Just Add Magic! Keep up the great work doll!
You're most welcome!
welcome
Go Ron Go we are behind you we love Ron
girl yess i can find us a cheap flight and we can get an airbnb for the night
Sale bb
Dude. Tour. Is. Gonna. Be. Crazy. So. Excited.
i literally thought of you while reading this. You do you boo
my day actually went great. Tune in tomorrow to see it all get ruined
Forward always we you
ily
So happy for
My favorite one
I am crazy but cute.
and you get stronger and stronger day by day
Live on Instagram right now
one special moment where I got so much success by the result of my designs, and a
happy birthday handsome I hope enjoyed your day ! You deserve everything and more
when I secretly record you and you see me then you fight me
i do not expect this one!
THANK YOU LORD
Day 293 of 365
Missing my Disney Roomies more than anything
ily uwu
Favorite 64 stage
Whispy is my friend
lovely mutual , i love you so much shawn , amazing X
Having you by my side made me look at life so different so blessed to have you baby
Good morning
so beautiful
wait to see you on July 5th !!! fan for like 6 years
What about why shawn? And perfectly wrong !?
Thank you Travis.
Smart man! Sounds like the next Barack!
: My Pretty Girl...
Hey Babes
Here are few beautiful pictures from
idk how this girl is M I N E but I love it
Seriously amazing!!
Right Here Waiting de Richard Marx
goodnight everyone i love u please stay safe okay? dm me if you ever need ANYTHING please. you are all so valuable and mean a lot to me.
happy birthday pretty girl!!! hope you had a good one miss ya !!
blessed to have friends that support my business. thank you for sharing when Lord knows you have to but do
You deserve a break but i miss see you in tour. I wish you come to Argentina in the next tour
I would die to hear it Come to Ecuador
luvyu garbages
I love you
ily chiz i would never fade you
Everything my ex took for granted somebody else is now cherishing it
dying to hear it
a date
heyyy Shawn please come to Peru we need you here
I love you
So are you ily
latin america loves you shawn
been moved so much watching a movie in ages; you had amazing chemistry
Happy birthday we all alway gonna love you.
I miss you
What is the secret of Jisung's fluffy hair? love youuu
It would be my first time ! I hope I can go
i hope you come to argentina next year, we love u so much here
and its been forever cause I never saw you when you were in brazil but I hope to see you one day
vc merece
Good morning
the pretty reckless
Lana Del Rey - National Anthem
I DIGOS CITY Park..Solo Rides October 22, 2018.!
Unexpectedly I Saw & Meet a Beautiful Young
hey!! Please check out my story and share.. thanks you
never been more excited to sleep in my own bed and shower in my own shower, but I missed Fiona more than anything
thank you love
Tomorrow night your mom will be watching with a smile on her face. Keep grinding The B Team loves you
Love so much that you did this and that there are some incredibly generous people out there.
are the most genuine ever. love sm thanks for doing this
Can you please come to Colombia?? We love you
i miss you!
Welcome to RP world baby
Name : Peter Park
Date : Kamis, 18/10/2018
Time : 21:10
Gender : Laki-laki
Dokter :
Sisterly bonding
When aunty visits her niece and nephew gets lots of love and surprises - exhausted
so fortunate to support you the past 3 years! our
omg, you're so cute! Te amo
Welcome to RP world baby
Name : Reena Kim
Date : Jumat, 19/10/2018
Time : 19:43 WIB
Gender: Perempuan
Dokter
nice
It was your last, most thoughtful gift to him. May he rest in peace.
Tchamo
I'll love you to eternity.
see you in August! seems so far away..
Watch what happened at 1:08:09 in broadcast: Sunday Evening Chats
Thank you Pat! I am constantly inspired by you and all of our wonderful colleagues
I love you all as well! Here for you!
I LOVE YOU
Breathin
HAHA that was fun but I got school towmorrow so I gotta go to sleep ttyl
go to sleep little angel, I adore you
YES! CAN'T WAIT!!!
Your heart is pure gold we are excited for you to come to our cities
I love my family so much, they down af
Hmu
Will really miss you man
Selo antizica ativado!
My sweet girl has my heart forever
Happy birthday to the father of my sons. I love you and I'll forever love you.
hey!! Please check out my story and share.. thanks you
eu amei
goodnight honey. if you knew how much I need to meet you and hug you, please come to south america we love and need you here
where would I be without you! I love you so much
so glad safe and home and everything. get well rested. love u
But never forget your old songs!!!! Which one do you will play always
Hey guys! No stream tonight, gonna hang out with a friend
No other girl in the world nearly shines as bright as you, love you
Por que no tienes novia? btw ily so much hope to met u one day
I See my government
I love these animals so much
I have the best sister in law.
Esse filme
Watch broadcast: in & !!
Hi happy birthday saten alavyu so mUch
Two Handsome,Two Cute, Two Much has turned Two! 10.21.16
()
Bubs, switch the dates for the Wanna One and BTS Exhibits due to fansites not responding. Thanks
hey!! Please check out my story and share.. thanks you
100 boxes Splendid Detox are coming...
Dadami na ang sesexy at magiging healthy in the inside sa Mindanao!
new york minute for the win
Love u
Cochina & omg thanks 18 now put me on with your friends ;D
I want life if the party in the tour please I love you
welcome hunny
Haha I still find it crazy that my boyfriend & I ended up together. Love him
Happy Morning
Happppy Monday Sir
Happpppppppy Week
Chief* lmao jk I love you. Life will get better promise
I CANT WAIT TO HEAR MUTUAL LIVE IN TULSA! DRIVING FIVE HOURS JUST TO COME SEE YOU!
A kid at heart
stay well rested take care of yourself
Cuteness overload
Argentina needs you
Gthis jus made feel some typa way. been there and got thru it, glad you did too strong even
Samgyeopsal + mozzarella cheese // : // : J-Rams, Aguirre Avenue, BF Homes,
Wow
Talk about overcoming struggles! Tears!
I Love you so much Sade
Yesterday I came home to this the little things that matter lol blessed to have a person like you
Chivette Samantha is making your holiday wishes come true (20 Photos)
I cannot wait!! Thank you for such an incredible album!
great to hear! glad doing better!
Belle actually fell for the pirate
YOU do Handsome and very cute I cry
Golden Maknae
Let my baby pick they own costumes they like it I love it
Hey.If you need big exposure in front of worldwide viewers for your fundraise venture. Do not hesitate DM us .
THIS is what all about!
I liked a video Mittelmeer-Kreuzfahrt Mediterranean Cruise MSC Fantasia
luv u too, drew take care!!
And please, you have to play when ready
Everything about Mixed Media and More, Artjournaling, Painting, Assemblage, Journal Making and anything...
I love you so much
Sweet face Dudley
.
.
.
.
.
All time favorite what a player
I love this event with all of my heart.
i love you too
Me haces tan Feliz
Dont let the city your
So proud of you
love i money and all the shit that come with it and only fw a few rarely a handful
It was so great meeting you
I hope to meet you soon, I love you very much, take care.
I appreciate my family, and I also appreciate my friends who have became my family.
not saying it though#kangaroos
I want life of the party in the tour please I love you
actually crying is the greatest boyfriend out there (and a pretty cool gbf) Jess,
I have the best best friend there is
is now online
I really love this female
Akesson - Perfect Blue
why do i relate to so much? much love
Can't wait I'm so excited to see you killing it every night
hi hi hi i love you endlessly and i wait to meet you one day
Birthday weekend was great
Follow everybody who LIKES this
...and put a RETWEET as well
Went better than I expected Russ see you Nov 2nd
Lovely
Happy birthday to the best homie ever So glad to call you my best friend for so long! you da
INDIA.. INDIA
Yesternight
I love you so much
Follow me please
here to talk if you need anyone
I really thank God enough
2013 : HappyBI18thDay
2014 : HappyHanbinDay
2015 : LeaderBIDay
2016 : CharismaBIDay
2017 : KimHanbinDay
2018 :
My love for you will never ever end
going to keep twitting hoping he reads this knowing he still try
Love you! So cute/beautiful/sexy/talented
I love you
Belated happy birthday just miss our discussion of facts hahahaha
I really really love What We Talkin' Bout.
Great thread...Full Moon is the best
happy birthday to my brother 4Life
New wallpaper
Love over everything
My fave 2nd house stellium
naraid66
adzn%opdsajqc
UNB
It would be a dream come true ... seeing you pour your heart on a stage! You surprise me each and everyday
We can be soooo in love
maybe it's in the gutter where I left my lover what an expensive fate
Umm...it was epic as always! you killed it...the whole cast is amazing. Loved it!
Happy birthday Red! We love you so much 6 years ago today I was staying up until midnight
I find this wonderfully fascinating
for being honest with us and the world and for remember us to be honest with ourselves and the others
Paris and I looked at this and both said we wish we were this happy. Love you.
De
CONTENT
The hard work is all done for you. All you need to do is; Download, Brand, and Share as your
as above, so below
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
JAJAJAJJAJA, te amo un chingo
My favorite little person
Her little coat... Her little dance... My heart is full
Thank you Misty!! It was so great seeing
et
21-10
Everything
w angelic
Happy birthday love
Good morning
Ugh me too but yes for sure!
HBD Ice Paris
the colour purple
Do Females Still Like Goin On Dates I Wanna Take Someone On A Dope Ass Date
SE PROTEGEM DAI QUE O BONDE LULEO PROTEGE DAQUI
Meus
And I love her
MCM post.
You are the source of my joy, the center of my world and the whole of my heart
Ok thx look at my location
Praying for your peace mind
Love this
I thought you were Lemonade, but you turned out to be a glass of Gotty Temple
.
.
A perfect mocktail thirst
Thanks for Lit Surprise Guys
happy one month to the girl that makes me the happiest ever felt, i love you
Thank you for being able to share it with us.
My Amazing story
A reminder that I love you and always have my full support
Hey Shawn I love you
I wait to hear WHY !! I bet the guitar in this song is just going to be magical
Thank you So much Kesha but your tweets are Platinum .. Truth
We miss it so much!!!!! Have you seen what i wrote for you about Illuminate world tour last year?
hi. I hope well. been a while. Take care of yourself
I love you
Buongiorno, Alex. Have a nice Monday, dear .
BAN out
The good things in life are better with you
for a TBH
I learned this on carpool karaoke with such an emotional and powerful part of the ride!!
Missed my love
I never thought be alone again... why i asked you to be my best friend
10.11.18. - Sunset in Tampa
Got to share this beautiful sky with anhed0nia11 on her birthday
I wish everyone saw my reaction when I saw at the show I literally ran to him
There's no other way
If you only knew how in love I already was with you back then... You are my world.
Her happy place
i got namjoon
Relationship goals: sabay natatae HAHAHHAHAHAHA.
meu sonho ( ._.)
These anniversaries can be hard - take care of yourself.
This was one hell of a ride.. I loved every single track, every single message in it and every time I hear it
01:01
thanks for the lovely write up!
Thanks dad, I love you
Happy Birthday Catherine Deneuve | October 22, 1943
This is really cool! Thank you again for drawing this, love it
When I see potential I just gotta see it through
oh yes wait yo hear it
Always down to help a friend in need
the reason I smile
Latam need Shawn Mendes the tour
Ily shawn
Me and we're best friends in our past life. my soul sista
we miss you in Mexico
Vc with gago
we cant wait for tour
Your the coffee that I need in the morning
6 and some years give or take a few days with this truly amazing guy
I bet a peach and the people who hang out with you are excited and happy to know you
goodnight breans i love so much and i love wonderful wonderful. see in the morning
even tho me & my ex arent together his mom is still so nice to me
This song is my favorite forever
Love you always
Thank you babe I love you so much
Done!
.@AndrewGillum
NO TRUER WORDS
so in love w you
oh yes wait to here it
happy bday bridge!! miss you and madame tons
That BIGBANG x SNSD though
UNB
Yesss!!! I already know tour is gonna be so fun and memorable
The ceo better get sent to prison. But these boys are so strong insane
happy birthday to the most amazing boyfriend i could ever ask for! love u always
going to sleep. I love the boys and all of you so so much you I even begin to explain it. Goodnight everyone, I love you all
Oh gosh crying in the club... my parents are so cute
I love this girl so much
Coisa linda
great seeing my brother so happy he deserves that
Happy Monday GregNatics Have a nice day ahead!
When the sky was blue and the breeze light. Bring it on Pullman Bunker Bay Resort
Thank you for being a part of my happiness
SON LOS MEJORES
Today was probably the hardest day I have ever had, but really grateful I have my family
It's not my birthday, but can you come to my office too,
let's love Izone as a whole
No u!
Hey Pretty where you been feel like I seen yo face on the snap in forever
Love her so damn much
capture her heart!
you
I'm dying of desire because you come to Argentina
happy birthday love you
I'll vote for him for you. Well, really me and my kids but, I will keep you all in mind
Thanks for the love bro
My 1st time ever carving a pumpkin, and I honestly chose the best person to do this with thank you for doing
Many Many Happy returns of the day!!!
You slay! You rock! You are just the BEST I say this
I'm obsessed with you two
I hope Vegas is treating you well
CONGRAAATS!
konting kembot nalang!
all in this together!
Loved
You got this Chinelo be the queen that you are
dave we listen to trace mountains like every other day we know all the words we u back
Me and every weekend and I trade it for anything
Dont forget Brazil! Love u
I miss you too
Happy Birthday BI
absolutely obsessed with this song and not even sorry
Jesus Loves You, as do I, cuz!!!
Dinner yesterday with my favorite people in the world
U got this
vamsam Dream for Nandamuri fans..
Ah blood lone undhi royalty kingss....
Goodnight everyone!
Gah my heart hurts. I will always treasure the times we had with him and how awesome he was with Brayden
Aaa your art always amazes me with how cute and well done it is!
Praying as well...
Agreed, on all fronts! It was just so beautiful written
I love you, I cant wait to see you in a few days I need siren hugs
any surprises we can expect ily
Though had my doubts, god is real and I know he loves me and everybody.
The price of ambition morning dose of motivation
Stop acting like a lil bitch
He laughs
Seeing you smiling and laughing touched my heart
God I'm so glad you are home
JAJAJAJAJA mentira, hola wachita hablame a wpp
Como me faz bem
Oye la alcachofa
Good morning my Angel.
Good morning shilpians.
Happy monday to you all.
[RT PLS]
guys check out my instagram for giveaway to CTYL TOUR IN KL on instagram
Thank you that means a lot
He got another haircut
I really miss seeing you on stage, wait to see you next year!
yow 4 days togo
Hugs for you my sweet friend
Familia
HearT ToucHInG wHatsapP statUs vidEo 2018 || DekH LeNa
Pls Rt thnk you
I hope having a great night
A man of CHOICE WORDS!
OUR POTUS!
See something, say something.
Vlwww
Amazing weekend
Happy Birthday Hanbinnieeeeeee
Happy 16th birthday to my baby sister I love you so much baby .
Hey I love you so much that it hurts!
forget Latin America
Your daughter or son?
Disney week es mil veces lindo en Dancing with the stars Junior
I know he would never leave my side no matter what the situation is
Driving home from SoCal while listening to oldies.
I hope u had an amazing birthday I love you
Yes! Em enjoying sobra!
D-Don't look at me like that senpai!
Senpai, is so cute today!
oH No No No DeAr GiRL
smoochable
I completely agree with this, whatever happens, love and feelings are still there
jiayou
All this money on me girl I treat u special
I wanna play your songs!
Thank you for sharing your testimony with me was real encouraging
sleep tight let the bed bugs bite
Yessss
Ubusin namen to balakayojan
One of my first wives
I LOVE YOU
Te amo
PLEASE DO IT MOM
Me and my babe Hubba hubba. The Smoke House Restaurant
I love my mom and God mom so much ! Without them I be the woman I am today
A whole snack! I love you
You deserve we deserve
To self: Things will get better.
Happy birthday to one of the sweetest lover here I love you si much, you are always there for
New shit with the bros
Off My Chest (prod. Diordaze & Zeegoinxrazy) by GOONIEXX
I wanna take pics like this, but just for us
I liked a video On and
How are you guys doing??? How is she? I love you more!!
the cutest, my heart
and I'm dying to see you shawn mendes, come to colombia :(
omg this literally gave me chills
i will keep you both in my thoughts sending all my love!
beat this
At The Heart Of Anything Real Is Love And Acceptance! Anything You Have To Change To Get, You Will
Chillin with my babies. (: this is the life right here.
you make me smile
Hahaha all good Miss you! We are due a catch up
Support is everything brotha
Mind Blowing
Spain is Glad to see them remove the remains, as memorializing a fallen dictator is not how we prevent Fascism
thank you sissy
I love you!!! Thanks for everything bay bay you are amazing know what to do without you
And outside of all my political posts, here is this amazingness
Wow! Definitely I would buy this piece of art
My roots are from NL
I miss you too! happy we got to share such a special moment together back in the day
Absolutely snapped along with everyone else at homecoming // it such a great time with mis amigos and others
Like this tweet for an indirect that I will definitely delete later
Thank you for your courage. Always by true to yourself.
I love you so much thank you babes
My nicknames Hana! When I meet you all in real life then tell you all my real name but my nickname Hana
I luvs them! Turtles make me feel peaceful
i have a lot of things to do tomorrow so good night i hope everyone has wild lucid sex dreams tonight
We have witnessed this journey from the start many many congratulations
Heath Ledger
welcome.
*wavy paws* How are things OTRB? We know you are keeping an eye on our Penny
Dx eu compartilhar meu love
God. I need to stop tweeting before I tweet some embarrassing tweets that I will regret later when I read them again. Goodbye
I love you
please share and donate
- my kiy!! what you been doing? been seeing you on social media imy!!
gurl, let him go. do better, be better. self-love & self-worth let the toxic people go. you'll be
sometimes just the little things
Happy Birthday to my fav set of Twins
&
I honestly deserve my amazing boyfriend
Suddenly, a fiend and all I need all I need, yeah, you're all I need
My chocolate
Hello you are always worth it
I love you more, always
adorable
Everything
i always hear people say try to fit in! its good to stand sometimes it feels good to just fit in with the right people.
Nosotras
Howie Day - Collide (Video w/ Chris Lord-Alge Mix Audio)
amoooooo
Chicken marinated & soy sauce eggs in fridge. Ramen dinner tomorrow will taste great!
8lbs 2oz and 22.5 inches
she will be the cutes lil bear cub everrrrrrrr wait
Private life = happy life
I sent it to the girls from camp they were excited like yeah we get down to Mizzou fast enough to see her
My parents are my best friends.
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Angeline!
Found my friends at the prefunk
Love you lots Very thankful for you!
Wow am sorry to my Anything that causes confusion come from me I love you baby Nothing is stronger
Remember to vote for HOTY and Migraine
Lunch on the river
the vibe was crazy. Bless night nurse
have fun with your family during your time off love u
Heck Yeah!!
I head back tomorrow and, as much as I want to, I have babies at home that still need me there.
this is probably a little too late but here's a Halloween-food reminder
Got nothing but love and a smile for everyone
one word: my everything
good luck everyone
hi
when will you come back to Brazil?
we love you so much
Iloveyoutoooooo!!!! Cant wait to see u love
I can relate to this sooo much, I feel you & im so sorry you have to deal with it. Hang in there
So excited for this
you mean the world the me
You welcome
someone bless me for today rent money needed for this baby
Thank You Baby
Put a smile on my daughter face & keep my mama safe
is the sweetest person I know
Ahhhhhh
My heart is melting
My beautiful babies
I love you
During review NDMC Fam
upload
Life is beautiful take it for granted whatever is supposed to happen will happen
6 roses for 6 months
- friend!!! you be doing me so wrong at school but imy!! i better see you at breakfast in the morning
don't forget about south america
I hope they know always from the bottom of my heart
A&K te por siempre
A bad bitch
2 November
Thank you. It's great to see that someone I really looked up to growing up supports the person that I've grown into.
Y termine mi Domingo. Con los q tanto quiero
I love you more
because i had you-
i love you so much
obrigada, te amo!
I know feels like forever sinve I actually logged in I am goos how are you? Any news? Missed your face
rainha
Tan HD
Loving my nigga more and more everyday
See you in a few weeks junhoe
MY FAVS cuteness runs in the family !!
the strongest person in the world and so sorry you had to go through this. love you
pqp
school drains tf out of me but such a happy place now
if u tour plz come to Indy wait for Bumps & Bruises
Thank you sobra
In Love
for being you. Love you.
Aff amor
Te amo pqp!!
Amo nuestro fandom
I u
Valeu bczz
I love you
belly is so cute so happy for my sister
Goals after I graduate and actually have time to go out
I love you. Focus on you and we'll catch up when you're free.
Shawn was online he made my night
Vou dormir ouvindo a Mother Monster
I liked a video Fortnite Moments that make you wanna care for and cherish your homies
crying so hard rn. Nowadays you get anyone to help you, yet this man gave everything
my ma makes any excuse to come and visit. like ok to let me know you miss me mom
Thank u for having Elisse Joson. God bls u po
Mejor estilo editorial en el Panama Fashion Film Festival HIDE THE BRAND.
Don't forget your wingman this weekend (54 Photos)
Faith Lee Min Received praise for flawlessly expressing Choi emotions as a lonely warrior
I'll make sure to cuddle you too
We're all Kompetitors
Nuevo header para
Made in
&
Congratulations forever
Really, you could do hit 4th double hundred yesterday
Very much deserved, you guys are amazing
My Beast
Son mis favs los amo
Happy birthday princess
Breast cancer awareness walk 2018 with bosslady_ms_k and faith_russell18
Happy to my other half, me n the dogs love you very much:)
This is so cute!
Corpus Christi, Texas
So happy to be here with my mom on her birthday
Breathtaking gorgeous
Happy birthday . have a lovely day
I bought the cutest luggage set today and I be any happier
I love you Alyssa.
Your daughter is VERY lucky to have you.
Que dia
Awww I can't wait Ly
day sixty five: Stefan Salvatore
My happiness lately
Sorry I had to repost Thank you for sharing!
Mid90s was
I'm new in twitter too, lets be mutual
Mis futuros perritos.
The one and only
nominate me for sexy mutual if u dont agree ill send nudes
Happy birthday girlie
Proud of you man
Mark
Love you too twin
big thanks to my sister for always being my photographer
Made my night FaceTiming Rave & Celeste
i feel like i have a big ass shoe and walk like a giant. but they are sooo gorg
Alludhu
Design by
20/August , 12:19 AM :(
the bestest!
Sinistro
our day!!!! Hbd guys
Free singup Today!
Local girls share
is a mustttt see! I loved it
Congrats on your ANC award & Graduation Day, so so proud of you bby! See you soon! Really really miss you babe
You are fully loved Bryce
Aqui tbm!!
Meu amor
Thanks but the only one who thinks that
hi, my names xavier and i like ass pictures. goodnight
Early Keith birthday dinner and party with and !!! Happy Birthday Keith!
DANIELA DE ROJO Y YO CON ESTE ANTOJO
6 years of Red
This is so inspiring! Congratulations!!
MY GIRLFRIEND IS SO CUTE !
drivin me insane tryna spread picking fights wit my
Yaar beautiful ppl , you wanted
See them again
So vote for them
I LOVE GINTAMA ITS MY LIFE
And ive heard of bungou stray dogs but ive never seen it! Ill be sure to check it out
Sarap talaga eh keep
Thank you for sharing It can be hard, but Twitter makes it all okay
Women in Water Color!
u too bro
Late post but Sweetest Day
My little person
Hey, I love you so much okay?
Happy birthday
Just saw the (very attractive, oh yeah and funny) Craig Ferguson again. That's all I'm allowed to say.
droppin songs like these companies launching new makeup. I live for it though
Yessss cuz! Sooooo ready to walk in my shiiiit too! lol Proud of you
Meu mano
one month down with my bestfriend
Te amo, te amo, te amo.
BTS deserve more awards congratulations
I hope you feel better Rubi
Damn we are kinda cute huh? I love
Muchas gracias Sofii besos
for a TBH
Rt
Peta Jensen
i love you so much, wait to see you
Thus far.
Meet our Optician melindakahveci This lady has a heart of Gold and we absolutely her! This Mama is
overly excited to see you perform this new album
Kate Beckinsale
Happy Birthday to the person I hate the most on the planet. (btw I almost fell asleep and tell you
Me haces tanto bien
I got this in Awstens hand writing and got it over my heart.
I love you so much too
Honor excellent in everything like looking, process, design, colour variations, camera
I Honor
Love this
Such great memories of seeing Gord perform with Never forgotten
Dawww, just let me know if you want me to help you
Just gotta vote, encourage others to vote and see what happens.
Smooth Criminal
Hey
Umm I down if you agree to keep it long distance
Text me then
all my favorite have been online around the same time today
thank you honey!!
Your lineart looks good!
Remember: you are always worth it, you always deserve everything
labyuuuuh!
X2 it's high time u released dates for South America we love u endlessly
DUUUUDE! the new colored one looks 1,000x way better! awesome work!
Thank you for everything done to us
listening to the best album of all time to celebrate its 6 year anniversary
I agree. They are absolutely beautiful
Almost done.! Crazy UFO is
It's been a very beautiful journey!!
LATIN AMERICA LOVES YOU SO MUCH
You are a doctor in the arts of this right?
Congratulation!
Take care . I hope u feel better soon
Happy birthday to me Thank the Lord for letting me see this day
We love you babe We waiting and exited than you come back for the tour
I am just recently learning this. Thanks for saying it Kat!
does the biggest charity to mankind, which is put smile on people faces
u loads my shah baby
goodnight i love u so much i hope you sleep well
You just need a little bit of black and white skulls in your life to show you the way you should have been all along.
So is Nominated!!!
RT & Like if vote for to save this week.
we use to be close is hell idk what happen you got low on me but you the coolest fwy
ily
Thank you so much Kish!!! Congratulations to all of us!
Empieza .... ME MUERO DE AMOR!
hi loml could you please follow me
Baby, i want you always by my side no matter what
thanks boo
How awesome are you on a scale from 1 to 10
Mami bella!! Feliz
with the baes
thanks my baby
That means so much. Thank you.
Ay)): ok descansa
is my wife .... I wish
Loving life with the Love of My Life.
Same here
My Real Accounts
Amazing Gorgeous Pink Celosia Act Rima
To You Lord, I trust
You know who you are babe!
this is so cute
I love you too
I needed tonight
happy birthday, boo!! love you
Cute is forever a mood Happy Birthday !!!
Love you baby
I will say that overly joyed that I have to coparent from another state anymore ... takes tremendous amount of stress off.
hi my sunshine, my daily pride!
Asking for a quick prayer as I head out tomorrow to Laredo, to bring my tio and grandma
That is terrifying and awesome, much like us. Thanks, gorgeous!
Proud to say that joined
You got this bb I love you so much!
Lila chamando red london de casa
thank ya, roomie
I so agree. Right there with you on this!!!
so precious. I love you
This warms my heart!
when your favorite poets are already each favorites
Thanks gorgeous
29th monthss of loveeee
Aaawww congrats on seed#2 all love to your growing family. & YAASSS we in there next
07:07
hayattt
Sevgiylee
believe this Saturday, Forrest & I will be celebrating our one year anniversary together it truly feels
Said WhatsApp Status : via
vou fazer isso com vc
You got this!
you Lydia!!! absolutely beautiful- can I be YOU?!
The ones that make the IG cut lol I love this bish
2 years & 10 months
We love you We waiting than you come back for the tour
Goals! On the same path as her kinda. so happy for her
Thank you for all your hard work
with her kisses
having a lot of fun on this vacation
Happy birthday one of the silliest and craziest girls I know you're legally allowed to get shit
120
Momma made the smothered chops white rice and gravy green beans and cornbread blesss her heart! I love this woman!!!!!
Thanks so much for sharing the stream!!
Hey thanks for the retweet Edge!
Come visit me in South Africa
Everyday I say the same prayer multiple times a day
Vindo de vc
Matt is so damn perfect, he has my heart, my everything
O SOQUINHO????? AAAAAAAAAAA
My love
Today RED completes 6 years. Lets all take one moment to appreciate this masterpiece. Btw RED deserved a Grammy
Taking the time to watch decorating Halloween magic. Be still my beating
she deserves a follow buddy
day sixty six: Damon Salvatore
Night night DOG LOVERS
Dios los bendiga.
Dale mucho amor y tiempo a tus mascotas
HABIBE
still one of my fave shoots
via
crush Oi?
After photo shoot dinner ready to stuff my face after a long day !
Imma psychotic bitch but I need love too
Good night, Lindsay. Hope you get some rest too. Love you.
found what been looking for
Of course they would, as am I. We've all got your back.
Whoaaa Stunning shot And what a beautiful, memorable moment captured forever *deep sigh*
my stress reliever
Thanks bro link again soon
Feliz pra mim haha
Late night caking and business planning
This Lingerie Football League touchdown celebration is eye popping (Video)
Mi loca linda, te amo como a nadie
thanku bby!!
Adventure
You know what they say! Girls love guys that can play a guitar am i right?
||
I love you thank you
A New Work at Home Career in 30 Days: Two Opportunities!
We love you!!! We waiting than you come back for the tour
Wow you write poems too
I'll be honest, this reminds me of some steps and I still Dance Central
Check been a lifesaver for my fragile heart. Hugs to you, I know that pain too well
Hey I love you
This warms my heart!
I appreciate everyone reaching out to me
Basically roommates. Love you
Stay beautiful as a Woman!
Can I get a blessing like this pls
AY QUE LINDOOOOSSS
Hi could you please take a moment to read my just giving page.. thank you
I hate riding thru Brookshire, Tx w/o my boy! be home soon big bro
Truly huhu that hardwork is out of this world but remember to also rest my Queens! Love you!
Wishing you a blessed week ahead ...may you get closer to your dreams
AW T AMO
VOTE!!!! I just finished voting in the midterm elections and will be mailing them in tomorrow! This is the
Ily, bye!
It's been a very beautiful journey!
Or in your bedroom next to your bed. my spot. Just me and Jesus. The best.
Thank you! Same goes for you
come back home
Thank you Ashley
Word!
one666la
early for 2 for 1 drinks and at the door! Say feelgoodnights for
responded to comment on instagram roseanne is doing charity work such a good soul
pepper ... what a face. miss you
I don't set up an autoresponder, which is probably terrible of me - I feel bad being slow to
The best part of work is coming back to the dorm after, and relax to the smells of my candles
Amo e sou grata por ter
Thanks sis , appreciate
Directo al
Congratulations for making it this far! I love the subtle changes and the art Also yay hair ornament
You plus me, it equals better math.
I cried today with 2 movies YJHD and Piku.
One of my favorite pastimes is reading ARMY stories
I booked a trip to stay in a little desert cottage by the salton sea for a few days Classic solo depression
Thank u. So sorry to hear.
My dawg forever Much love there!
ugh i love you nora lipetzky
real shit thank you
Good Mrng
I love you whith all my heart You're my life thanks for everything Shawn. We love
Watch what happened at 18:30 in broadcast: in & !!
ummm I love
Specially for our sunflower
Love you too dear Thank you
Depression day!!
Teleperformance Vertis North
be back soon, bubby! good luck! fighting!!
For existing. He and His music helped me get through a lot of stuff.
Rt
Peta Jensen
Ly
writes some beautiful songs
me feeling some things singing Consequences.
Ehyunnnn
The Tour was Lit !!!!! Definitely worth every little penny ! I loved it !
No problem
Wish Upon a Star that Sylvester was lying next to me right now...
We you
Wanting a road trip with my girlfriends
Happy birthday love I hope your day is filled with smiles and doggies
thanks girl
Head up baby! You got this
Last night at Sky Garden
all good the love is still there
Good morning
My twin always looking sexy my lil sis
Rt
Peta Jensen
no one loves you more than me...and no one ever will
Written in our hearts
IT LOOKS SO GOOD!
when they took Derrick they took my heart away I love you
Thanks, You Motivated Me
Slippery Sundays are in full swing (64 Photos)
Q mulher
LMAODJAJDJD BUT IM SO PROUD OF YOUUU!!
Wacky Pose
Mi amor , mi paz
He is so handsome
Happy Birthday to my fave my baby finally grown out here i love you so much doll and
Baby, you a movie star without the screen. I love you
And the Birthday week is started..
Only 4 days to go..
Excited
I hope they bring back OG colorways too
My 1st Ultra Trail Run!
Janda Baik Ultra 2018
place (8:43:23)
50KM
1) Congratulations shamsudduha PB!
Love you
The love of securing the life of people by educating them
Smooth Criminal
Hey
The internet always needs more of them.
Bestie
RT & LIKE loves to motivate indie music artists, we can help you! Visit for a
Good Morning Mylve
Have a Good Day ahead
My wedding is going to be small... so immediate family & friends
MEU BOOOOOONDE PORRA!!
VOU PROTEGER O FIM
I love you
Yesss
Let me do this officially.
Welcome my people from
My first day in Vietnam & ya'll are just
I miss you man!! but love you see you soon
Fall time K is better
Luke y Theo son mis favoritos
i love you though
THANK YOU FOR BEING MY WORLD AND FOR MAKING THE WORLD, MY MOST BEAUTIFUL WORLD :)
Dawg been having some weird moody behaviors but taking my time with you like you did with me, love and appreciate you always
i love you king, you make me so happy!!
Ownn
(((Hugs))) to you. So sorry for your loss. I hope we make him proud!
I love you
Goodnight Kings and Queens!! Stay blessed!
Te acho mo fofa Obggg
Thanks
Ya quiero Disney con mi hermano
Eres tan bella
Inutak
Que lugar
happy birthday alex!!!
kakaoid : naraid66
fksnfutcr1a
he visited me everyday while i was suspended for ten days
Happy Birthday Kim Hanbin
iKONICS are well fed because of you. Take Care of yourself
Loved this weeks Doctor Who. Rosa Parks. She changed the world.
I miss my girls so much degree life really got everyone so busy but glad and happy to see how far
dagdag na naman
Look at your curly hair omfg. Lmao
Notice the people who are happy for your happiness, and sad for your sadness. They're the ones who
Soy feliz a tu lado
Te Amo
honestly so grateful for the people in my life, you know who you are love
There is something about guys that uses an iphone i just love them. Send a screenshot of your phone pamwe unondiitira
Real life love my friends
hope ol
JACKTOON Chapter
Ahhhhhhh
Shawn is so active right now! following and liking WE LOVE HIM!
Love this movie.
Facil, Chat Noir y Ladybug
Well ya know lol I try I try
Awww thank you Marty!
a few more hours and it'll be your comeback. Just wanted to say I love you guys so much! So
I need my friend to help me create this new video!
She makes me very lewdable!~
the ABSOLUTE cutest !
Life is great
I know my is a genius.
I love all my friends man
good morning
My favorite
Quiero ser tu favorita.
Happy man crush Monday to my baby I love you
wait for the tour
Thank you, Carly!
HALA 6 YEARS NAAAAAA
beautiful! Love and miss you lady
Thank you lover
Thoughts and prayers coming your way!
And just the half of it.
Sleep well, beautiful!
congrats tay!!
I got a fa sale you can keep it
Celebrating first birthday was amazing! So blessed to have her and her mom in my life everyday!
thank you
so handsome.
Today Meet Elvis in person. Get PHOTOS together. Elvis loves you. Come say hi
This man has helped me more than you know, please show him your love and support
Miti, you know well HOW MUCH I LOVE YOU
and RT
I had so much fun with my bd Tati & dee them my
i love you so much lucy so proud of you for talking about it always here for you if you ever need to talk
Really appreciate it
Omg I used to want to be a vet lol . great tho!
Love you too bitchhhh
I love you my little giraffe
I could listen to Sade day and night and I still get tired. I really love her music
Happy birthday love May ypur day be filled with smiles and doggies
Already voted all red
Happy birthday, little nugget!!! I wish all the good things in the world for you!
Da um confere nesse meu som?
we love you forget it
Severide & Halstead together, best scene EVER
Quality time. at Bato Springs San Pablo, Laguna
No worries! Thanks for making the song your own.
Hey
Los del 2012 entenderemos
My two favorite Pratchett characters
Thank you dialog
Happy birthday I miss you and I hope your day was wonderful
OMG! Thank you for your like in Instagram
Nope. I noticed that too.
Awww lo amo
McDongs is life
Te amo
I am always at my best whenever with you.
Husband Robinsons Galleria Cebu
JiSung & Sarang
Next timee
Ragnar the Viking ancient king. Ragnar our kitten is a Viking at heart. Love you Ragnar. He is
Love that
I mean to be annoying sorry You annoying I promise
Protect Your Peace Get Rid Of Toxicity , Cleanse Your Space , Cultivate Love
dats my gurl know your self-worth, know that you deserve better & love yourself more. mahirap, oo.
hiii!! please ask me anything
I can make it through
You can make it too
Thank you I love you too
happy first monthsary calvice
Heeey ily
Ay definitely love
Yesss MUTUAL!!! so exciteeeed! (Tho I be on your concert, sadly) Ly from Switzerland
BAPA
RAKYAT
1
MALAYSIA
DAULATTUANKU
I love you even if you never know that I exist
Se acabo el fin! Que tengan bonita noche todos!
rt if you would do anything for your mom
even know how much people love this man here. He is worshipped.
for a tbh
Watching videos of hugging They must be giving the best hugs!! Especially
LiviHair.Joyce - Sale Executive
Whatsapp: +84 971927101
Email: Joyce@livihair.com
Body Wavy Natural
that prayer i just said has my spirit all warm . God is good
Day 3 in SG Universal Studios Singapore
literally need to know the gender NOW because nina is going shopping right away! friday needs to get here already
My two favorites and top 2
Seems like yesterday... Dalton Hicks
omg thank u so much
me too
happy birthday my love
come stay here with me I want to feel you and your soul
you look so happy now
Us VS The
Such a handsome couple. Blessings
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Blair!
Its late, Im late but hey! How's about a to go with this fading trend? She just wanna be fed
Cute. believe been that long
Aww she is soo sweet and the cover was soo amazing!!
Shawn has gotten way better and i am
vibe
Mis hermosos, los amo con todo el
happy birthday to taylor swift's most emotional album to date, red
Only
naraid66
zmqdqpxnsu$%
Never thought I could love someone so much
It hurts to see you go. You'll always hold a special place in my heart, I love you grandma luann
Me too! it!
I love you greatest hype man ever
Thank you Gloria
Beautiful.... Simply
Honesty is the best policy Your My Favourite Judge
Lovely trails around my new place
Really GG? I will you or when it pleases me.
I DONT KNOW IF U HAVE RAN AWAY YET BUT FOLLOW MY PALS
Thanks
Proud of you!
so happy for you, going to be amazing!!
so many good things are going for me right now, and I wait to announce it all when it becomes official.
Goooooooooood Morning Family
Wake up and have breakfast with the dynamic dou, Tapelo and Sim
Thank you boo
ignore the hate and keep being the amazing person you are. we love you
HAPPIEST BIRTHDAY TO iKON's Best Leader HANBINIIIEEE Thank you for giving us great music Thank you for
Goodnight
I love you
LES by Childish Gambino will always be a jam
Lay
please follow and
11:11
11:11
my brother been 20 today... it crazy how i outlived him. miss you
Good Morning One Click Straight & Nostalgics
I been showing them in the clips they speak for me
Happy birthday love May your day be filled with smiles and dogs
my cuties
Duas
PLEASE thank you faith, I appreciate you
Happy 6 years of red everyone it still deserves a Grammy
nothing changed
11:11 to stop ignoring me again
My copy of Vengeful finally arrived! I am SO excited to read this, wait for exams to end
I had a really wonderful weekend in Vegas with all my friends and really thankful you brought us together
Tu, amorzinho
never hesitate to refer a friend or even yourself to our fitness services !! love to assist
First time seen a tweet to where I got a little bit of baby fever
We had a blast!!! Jack Lantern's Corn Maze was definitely our fav this year!!! We Halloween!!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABE 10-21-18
[#OneandOnlyBIDay
btw. my ig username is now
sobrang cute, zeke!!!
Fresh natural look for my pretty bride
.
Makeup & hairdo by :
Captured by : yoga_juniantara
Get em bitchhh I love toy bestie
Tall people meant for everyone sis I completely understand much love to you
Well we did it two of our best friends in the whole world (and roomies) got married yesterday and it was
all I ever prayed for and more, thank you for being you
Wtf mi cerebro fan
I could watch thus all day. Pray this baby can always be this happy and carefree!
Thanks for keeping it positive based god
Girl Power
And i love you
making memories with my babies.
got you forever bae
I need
Happy Birthday my love you so much xoxo So grateful for you feeling blessed
Happy bifdai to my childhood best Fran getting old and it makes me want to cry
you're welcome
Goof morning friends. Have yourself a beautiful day. forget to smile.
I'm so excited for your coming to Brazil again. I can't wait to meet you and finally give you the dreamed hug
I liked a video Fortnite Moments that make you wanna care for and cherish your homies
pst! mahal na mahal kita
11:11
I Love You
nope !!! you are safe my dear
Happy gday lil bro been rockin since you was a youngin. Have a safe birthday, love you holmes
My heart
11:11
Lucas.hippo
Brb accepting them all
11:11
I love when friends randomly check in on me, honestly the little things
Souto Mc
Mi vitamina
for putting your passion into everything you do
11:11
Abrazarlas
I hope some of these come true!
Hey
Could you help make this special boy have a great birthday ?
Thank you
11:11 be with the love of my life soon
i just want you to know that i love you SO MUCH
11:11
welcome!
u will always have a place in my
11:11: QUE TODOS PUEDAN ABRAZAR A JUANPA.
Your gonna be amazing mother he'll be so lucky to have you
rest in peace magellan
fav part of the vlog!!! this happens to me allllllllllllllllll the time or someone is calling me from all the
Sounds lovely
nothing much.. i miss you too
JustLove
From a dear friend of mine
(I cant like anything)
Thank you Chris
Hope you had a great weekend with your baby girl
I just love her
Yes baby
Thanks friend!!!! IMY
yarubi.... a one of a kind! and that kind is for me ayyy that's a good one
You see right through me , you push pass the lies
i badly miss i wanna hug him
Thank you! You as well.
Thank you Alex
Happy birthday love enjoy your day
Thank you if you believe in me Gshit it means the world
Bazzi: You so precious when you smile.
Me: so hungry, i could die.
I Love you
You know I got you send the number
Happy birthdayy ivy!!
Happy hoco. Ball State University
Nothing like a good talk with a close friend to make you feel a little less anxious.
Why be a fighter when you can be a lover
You got it boo
esperando
Love this
Life is to short to be crazy only if is for love and is to me Get over it
$Childishliar... my cash app name is deceiving but serious
Obvio
My favorite day, my favorite album, my favorite songs, and my favorite girl. Thank you for saving
aww, i love you too!!
Excellent. Thank you
wait
Lanche do bk
a cutie myeon to drop-me-dead-gorgeous myeon for your monday
have a great week everyone
He makes me the happiest girl in the world
Tune in
I love you my sweet Miss Kay. Always there to lend a hand
Tabom! Obg
WHAT IAM LACKING ..
U MAKE IT UP...TWO FOLD
DOUBLE THE PLEASURES
TOGETHER AS ONE ~!~ ~!~ sm.
SIMON ~!~
My boyfriend literally does everything for me , I am the luckiest woman in the world the way he treasures my
Minha ciumenta
HAPPPYYY BIRTHDAYYY TO THE BEST IN THE WORLD!!! I trade you for anything glad I got you in
awh ily thank you for everything you do
Bamboo soap + SOD = Flawless skin
Longrich Bioscience Products
May this week be the one that will change our lives!
Saturday night was amazing I wanna go back
so nice for doing these Anis since that event when I bought jikook banner through you I
That shriek and jig MY UTERUS
Para ella todo mi amor
Edible gummies
I hope YOURE ok!!! If you need to talk my are open always! Thank you sm
The greater the obstacle,the more glory in overcoming it...
WAAAA GRABE YUNG BOOST NG SVT SA STARPLE don't stop carats!! continue to vote for them using all of your devices!
ES CUCHA AL JEFE
OBSERVA AL JEFE
ADMIRA AL JEFE
AMA AL JEFE
I was out with Pocket and Lydia the other day and we saw a movie. I can't remember what it was but it was nice hanging out with them again
Good night to my fellow greys. I love you wait to make a difference on Twitter again tomorrow.
I need you follow too. To have your follow will be a dream fullfild
Valentine
This year you're mine aquariasunshine!
And you, whom will be yours?
Pretty sure you need a picture of my dog in some booties.
HAPPY (kinda late) 21st BDAAAY TO MY BBY!! so happy i met you and can call you my sister love you so much!!!
WE got it
MAKE ME ONE BB
..
Me too.
are so beautiful Michael.
Alhamdulillah, my souls come back to me. Thanks Allah
Family is Forever
Regram from luckytrinidad Barangay Sto.Rosario
te amo
Blake and Jessica are the perfect example of will meet the one when you least expect
Lunch anywhere in the world with
Aww thanks Sis
Spoiler Alert True Brainy but not only the aliens deserve a friend like Alex Danvers
fall in love with you every single
I miss Sunny and Violet already.. and maybe you
we interrupt trystyn's mental breakdown to announce that is a gift and we really appreciate her
Go coogs
User is doing a follow spree as chilling in his cozy condo... love you Shawn thanks for everything
Life Is 90% What You Make It And 10% How You Take It . Stay Strong & Stay Positive Remember That If You
And everything
It was flattering but will even be better when co-signs the lucky guy sentiment. all I care about in this story.
Yesss! As much as I love her mixes, I love her energy even more, if that's even possible!
So cute
Same in our home.
Dream of us
Our best fit
Thank you for the
I shirt.
so sweet
A blessing
thanks b
We shoulddd!
I'll come to the hospital someday after my exam InshaAllah and we 3 can have tea together
Amo demais
the main reasons i go to house (besides her of course) is these blankets and baby Georgia
when making sure you straight is his priority i will always appreciate a real ass nigga
Happy Birthday
Have a great day b
I'm going through a very bad time in my life. I know you'll give me strength through your songs. Thanks Lucy
Hora do medo...
Restoration
balagtasan at its finest! perfect baby
Love you
D-Day I'm going to be strong today
I love it
The apartments are deadass like 15 mins away from the airport too
Welcome we got some neck bones for you ! I hope you enjoyed it !
happy 19th birthday ily so so much and i hope you have an amazing day!!!
have a good rest time at home, you deserve it
my nigga kaikai you really be tripping me out man, & always there when i need you.. love you frfr
you should updated your pinned tweet when you get the chance my love
imagine life without my pretty beautiful ass friends
I really love New York
Im so in love with youu
Thinking of you... Love you babe Joey Hicks
I imagine this pain mama.... praying for you
Awww. You're welcome.
Best wishes on your special day.
03:13 PM on October 22, 2018 at Melbourne, Australia
Twilight
Please give Kathleen her own show!
Chiquis
Hourly Jonathan
please follow &
so pretty omg
Good night
Acts like these restore my faith in humanity
YOU are valid, YOU are believed, YOU are loved.
no means no
You gotta heal yourself hunny and pray, the rest will follow stay up! It gets better I promise
for being my reason to understand that its okay to feel down at times & that it shouldn't get to me
thanks Chris. Glad you are writing about it.
Weigel.
If streaming right now and needs a boost to affiliate link me and retweet when done and drop a tab
Proud of you, Tyler frfr
Try Gado-Gado traditional Indonesian vegetarian food
is back and tuned in
Dobby tan guapo
gwapooo namaaaaan
This why I love her. She so real and just care
You are completely right.
GRATULACJE !
Amigaaaa
pamily na meh since 2016 and i am so proud to be part of this fam! congrats ate pam! and to the
Larry
Tomorrow is the last day to register to vote friends please do it and also forget to vote as well just register
Taki artworks page from Collector's Edition
This has been a great week, thank you to friends and family for making this week spectacular
I honest to God forgot I had a Twitter. Welcome back highly neglected app I will forget about again in 3 days.
Sept 26 yung IG live
I know l said it 100 times but thank you for a perfect night.
Happy birthday brother
get this out by the millions
First Charity Hpoefully naa pay 2nd. Puhon guys if di nako busy
Love you too
Happy birthday to the realist Enjoy your day and continue to be blessed love.
Cheers friend!
Our baby :(
Four years ago today I saw God do I want to see them again!
Admire the fact that I could pray with shorty, read the Bible with her, attend church with her and none of it is forced
thank you pretty girl i miss you and love you!
Amor por estos colores siempre
Trans man, treatment resistant major depression, PTSD, GAD, OCD
Thank you
Goodnite
Love y'all
Bet you won't say it back
I love u
Boy is such a sweetheart, like seriously he deserves all the love in the world
boy my favorite song off that album! I listen to it every morning on my way to school and on my way back
What a good night. Chatting with my kids online. My heart is full! Soon my house will be! I love you David Michael and Mikaela Vernum
Hey honestly, I had to place my recent order because one pair of dbleudazzled socks is NOT
Guten Morgen mein
My World
Fav for a tbh
OMG is following people???? please if you happen to see this can you follow me and we love you so much
ITS 64 DAYS TIL CHRISTMAS HOW READY ARE YOu? ily
YEAH, ready
From Dii with love
Thank you, master-nim
Slow hands
angels
D-377 (18.10.22)
...You are the sunshine to my everyday
happy still alive! hope you have a fast recovery
Meus amores
Self love is the best love
G R A C I A S!
Thread dos husbands
Market Cap: $209,908,008,382
BTC Dominance: 53.72%
BTC: $6504.56765384
ETH: 0.03166799 BTC
XRP:
Plisko the boss?
LiveMe-Live broadcasting community
Thank you! We UC Davis.
happy birthday love ilysm
We have a NEW WEBSITE URL!
Thank you!!
We have a NEW WEBSITE URL!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU ALLES GUTE ZUM GEBURSTAG
I love you so much
How it should be
Literally miss your live performances so much
free $AV til backwards
so cute
proud of you
I love getting little favors from my angel, thank you for taking care of me baby boy!
Did it for you
Que hermosa esta mi twin
I love him!!
Good night, Ricky.
Just a note**PRAYING for you & family....Dad! Thank you for ALL you've given to us!! God Bless..
So many to count Thanking God for that.
Myyyyyy Boy
You are me and I am you
we use to be so close when we was terrible bUT g I love yo ass nmw forever my bitch more like a sister
comerlos siempre
He is the sweetest person. Undoubtedly the one who deserves the best gift is him
How I really did get lucky with you I?
Lovely fanart
I wish more men were Andy Dwyer.
Hoping to make the situation better
please follow
thank u vanessa imy and i love u
Yasssss you deserve it too my friend. Go pamper yourself for once.
buenas noches. Te amo!
Good morning
its da genes
Felicidades a por esos brawlers legendarios!
Chill
Hi to this pretty lady beside me! Ate poi_poi77 Such a beautiful Ate, friend and colleague
lost 2 soldiers already always in my heart
congrats girl
yeah so if i say im done w him i jus lied like shit but happy anniversary boo iloveyouuu
YIIIEUUUTT I LOVE YOU TOOO
Up until now I swore to myself content with loneliness, cause none of it was ever worth the risk. But you are the only exception
got this
And that day will be my favourite day of all
I love you too
Amo tus twets eres divertida!
MYGHAD MAMSH. THANK U SA COOL SHOTS AND THANKYOU SA LAHAT. LOVE U LAY
A true hero whose legacy will live on. Prayers and strength for you and your family.
hidden beauty of Laguna
p.s the water is really blue even if its already edited :)
Buenas noches a mis amores de mi vida
Ok my power went out but back
Latin America loves you
buenas noches, descansen
Me and want to come!!!!
Exactly what I think every time I see you
I talked to my best friend today
Pumpkin Patch with my lil pumpkin
chot ang baby ko
Congratulations guys! You guys made for each other
baby otw Ima sleep real good laying on him tonight
Shoutout to the Cast Avengers who saved me from the creepy guy tonight, way to help a girl in need
Life is so beautiful
I love you
Thanks so much Robin!!!
Los Amo
Will do! Much love!
I love you
photographer ko,@beauteous_rth
Kilala ko rin. Thank you, sa'yo!
Lisa, more than welcome to hold an event here, we love ya
he stay getting on my nerves but he still my boo
Lisa, more than welcome to hold an event here, we love ya
Having Someone Who Is Your Bestfriend & Lover All In One Is The Best Thing Ever.. Like This Boy Really My
always on her shit
Tell the people you love appreciate how much you do and often. Everyone needs a reminder they are loved
Night homie i appreciate it
Have a problem | Come to me | I'll help anyone | Friend or Foe
Girl. not easy but we do it
Good!!!!
Good morning beautiful Have a great week
This is the first photo of Heechul that I saved in my phone I had to scroll all the way down for this. I
Wear your L E for ! Crop tops, racerbacks, regular tees and even swimsuits available only through
GRACIAS POR HACER POSIBLE LA GIRA POLINESIA
61. keep it pg 13
Love you God knows one of the only persons that knows how to deal with my
THANK YOU ASHIE first as always
come drink with me sometimes social pressure is bad I feel sick but is better to be in
JanDa sibling
Thank you for the tip. Give, give, give ...
our son was a sleepy pupper today
I love you. Know that here if you need anything.
ok. I found something else that helps, but sure do miss the Advair.
I FEEL LIKE CRYING AT WORK CUZ OF YOU YOU KNOW. I AM THAT SHOOK BY THIS VIDEO /gives you all my love/
Imagine Mikey texting you a lot only to say I love you
So very true
Me too sis just give me the info and am their
Hands down... Mr. Darcy in Pride & Prejudice.
I have some of the best friends bro
Second to the love of God
Heck. We all are. Be safe as you do so. Be loved!
hey.
I wonder if my children know how much I love them! Best thing that has ever happened to me !
What a start you both nailed it Romeo was so hilarious loved it
My two favourite things staub_ca staub_usa
THANK YOU
hes been found bless
Hoy di ka exsempted dyan anubah your my one and only eh yiiie mishu
Here is a little sneak peek
And I'm really looking forward to see you on tour for the first time!
Few more beautiful pictures from
November 15th be up front singing my heart out
i you. maybe switch it up to cardi b if bad af
never gonna but thank u so much i Love you!!!!!!!!!!!!!
he also had a girlfriend and was seeing a third girl too guys can be so romantic
We love you
wow omg thank you very much, that means so much!
A new bud called Arlo!
We found them making things in Te!
Happy birthday sister. Love you
Happy Kash little dude
Hi everyone me
The love of money
All you gotta do is stay falling!
THANK YOU SHAWN
twins you an your mother Leah beautiful soups on
Sana all. Charot! So proud of you hun!!!!
Hey was scrolling down my TL and noticed this yo ima Marry you bro
No matter how much time passes I love knowing I can count on
Done! Sorry you had to endure such a sicko, Moet!
You always been solid I never forgot I owe Monique for that connection lol
Thank god for the little blessings to not just the big ones.
Oh hey, meeting my great nephew today. This is Odin
Love u, Karen Page!
Always amazing
i saw my marlo this wknd
Thats our multitalented and multiawarded King squishy Kyungsoo! I will definitely going to watch this
My fat girl
There are some talented and creative people in our great nation!
I cannot wait to be a god mommy/aunty.... spoiling that baby like mine, till my time
umm
Finally got mine! Thank you!
Magical night in Hollywood
Truth!!! My portfolio never looked better.
I did it, pls enjoy
You're too sweet . Goodmorning. And enjoy your week
I got a few more minutes before it actually ends but thank you
Love ya too sis
Aww I just you!!!!
I just hope my niggas and family I do got stay the same they all I got left
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: Gorgeous Sage Button Front Cardigan
Your great
kiss and make up sa showtime.
Love you!!!! Thank you for the beautiful wishes.
- such a beautiful & sweet girl! Hope your doing great love
I know what i would do without
"Casino Dice" columns and "Bubbly Champagne" balloons for Aquila's 35th Birthday! Rose Gold & Black! For
Thankful for finding a theatre family as fantastic as you guys.
Like if you fuck with redheads If you fuck with Maud suicidegirls
IM SEEING YOU AT ATL NEXT YEAR AND I CANT WAIT!! I LOVE YOU !! BE HEALTHY AND HAPPY
I Hawaii!!!
Ko Olina is beautiful but so excited to get to Kailua for some real vacay!!!
just wanted to show you me
Nothing but LOVE
gusta como masturbo tu pene con mis tetas?*
RT + MG = S
Will you sing under pressure on the tour??? Pls say yes
for everything you have done for your songs they have helped me a lot and I dore you with my heart have a bless night!
My 14-yr old loves listening to my classic rock while she studies. an old soul.
Loved spending time with best tour guide/son ever.
She looked Stunning!
Two more sleeps!
Jack has been patient and was a supportive teammate waiting his turn.
Go get em, Jack!
Coach Malone
But i kinda like it way too much
Loved playing around with the ring light today
Ima be an aunt again! One of my childhood friends who i consider a brother is having a baby so blessed
IB was a blessing
So sweet, yet so heartbreaking glad okay, Mama
Follow me
your dn: i love kevin and literally no one else
you during the menpa:
Thank's for electro swing
Keri you are such a great mom and you have raised amazing children I love the entire Seavey family you guys are amazing
Another thing: this is the exact same thought process at the top. Mtherfkcer!
in a whole relationship now
Trust your gift.
CARLY. this is SO thoughtful and sentimental. Thank you for sharing and making my day!
Margaret, my dear, all at once! You need to stretch out these issues....get well soon.
Connecticut goes on forever, Connie! ...hey, plan something.
bom
You is ma boy Hwang Hyunjin
Aweeeeeeee sis I try
//two days too many. I miss you lots.
ugh aw thanks queen ily
my beautiful boys. I love you both
Damn yeah still dope tho thanks
Wow! This is so ! Such a strong contestant
Bring Back Nehha
Finally made it home after a long fun weekend out of town. Feels good to be back home
YEAAAAAAAH WE ARE SO EXCITED!!!!!
Wish I could retweet this.
- the love i wanted & needed you give it to me . . . i had to give it to myself
We carved our pumpkins tonight! I free handed the pictures and the kids used push pins to create the dotted
Oh wow. My Indian self feels proud lmao that world watches bolly movies lol.. Thanks
Did you enjoy your last unroll?
Any support is welcome see:
I felt this happy in soooo long and absolutely enjoying every bit of it
I miss bae
Alyssa takes her time with each and every piece! She does a wonderful job
BTS or GIDLE
Almost went to this party. Glad I
good morning
Too late already thought of it first nice try tho
LOVE this song
en
An appreciation post that made me cry. Donny is such a sweet guy.
. Good ..morning nice Image IN My dear Instagram friends creat by real rajpoot
We should do a trade again one day
It's always a blast drawing things you design :3
for a tbh
Staying true to my has never lead me wrong.
+ =
&
Just Pinned to My Product Reviews: Love these Cat Eye sunglasses. These are a golden pink shade, and
Not all artists thou, is just one of the few who actually do
love you so much thank you!!!
I love spontaneity
Oceans - hillsong United
I your moccasins
Hey for the love!
Perfec Match, perfect Park
This month has not been the greatest for me, but Edgar just continues to surprise me with his love and support. I am truly so blessed
Good morning. 4 days to go
Start a Revolution and Burn Bras
My best friend asked & I said yes!
Wow. too much. I take it
I just discover this band. Ang I really like this new album of theirs.
I love your dork ass
Please follow me and because our birthday today!!!
.@ShawnMendes took some photos of you this past year and wow!!! I love watching you perform ALWAYS
Happy Birthday!!!!!!!!!! I love you!!
Humbled and thanks so much for having faith in us
join now!!!
right! Goodbad, and sauce are my top 2 right now!
Hanging out with my
Destiny
My
Tandem of the Year
Mamy
please
Thank you to this young man for admiring our Queen beaalonzo ..bless you more!
I can't stop listening the song.
I LOVE THIS SONG THAT MUCH!
Loving weather
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH
Im trying to share as many fundraisers as i can please share them as well...you never know who will see them and donate
bff
so happy for you both
Elite on Netflix
I be happier with life right now, nothing but positivity
congrats ate
Thankyou love ! I'm the one who's blessed to have u in my life wallah
you can do it kai! there's always a way and things always work out in a way that will be okay. it's going to be all fine
Gorgeous
Lmao give you a taste of your own medicine hey yeahhh!!
Guys I'm crying, I'm officially gonna be a madrina
hehe love you biggie
1-0 hehehehe
Lpu
Waah
Another dil gallan is coming
You look so beautiful tonight Tessa. I hope you're doing well. How is baby Rhett doing?
Youngest Australian woman to play 100 ODI's. Congratulations
Yayyy 1 month left
I'm going through a very bad time in my life. I know you'll give me strength through your songs. Thanks Lucy
in & !! assista de
Wishlist checked
Another more wish to come
Congrats
beautiful morning
He's so cute
Baby boy
what a wonderful thing they did, having this concert, for David and the horses.
Thankyou Lord
Thank you Lord.
goodnight ate alyssa
I love Chemistry (2)
Wbu ?
Naww, you the best for fucking with the kid Loyalty
Stolen. Comment a heart and we might do it.
Cute picnic
Date at the movies
Cuddles on the sofa
Drunken
i know how you feel and its ok ashlan you've been this strong and i know you can continue to be
ITI ANJO
Nawww thank you!!!
You somehow always find the worst picture of me but I love you too T! Wouldn't want any another sista but you
2k19 is going to be filled with nothing but joy & happiness
Kershaw you are COOL!! Thank You
I love you, thank you for being a fabulous idol, you are one of the best
Batch 2010-2011 FES I'm so glad, to be with them again!!
all in this together
my body clock needs to be thrown away!! Hope you had a good weekend
happy birthday !! miss ya
Latam awaits you with open arms
Ur soooo cute, ily
Aw. Awwwwwww honestly the sweetest thing ever seen on Twitter thank you.
These two! Filter fun..
Yixing!!!!!
OT9 FEELS!!!!
bien, te mi flowerpower
Love you Jeff You are one of the best humans on this Earth. Lucky to be your
Happy month to this beautiful human bean
tracksuit.
Your welcome
Sis, WHY are you so old I STILL LYSM
Loved playing around with the ring light today
thank you so much! i u
I pharmacology. Because sometimes you want to go up and sometimes you want to go down.
I love tomatoes now especially tomatoes and okra together
Feeling cute today
If you have a great book idea-learn how to capitalize on it NOW at
If this true love/soulmate status, then I want it
Dami sinabeee hahaha!
have a great day ahead my lovely mutuals! take care and stay safe wherever you are, forget to smile and you are loved!!!
by philly cheese steak i love you and miss you
Also really miss come visit soon bby
Fruitful morning
Mi hermano chicos
Finally, officially married to my dream girl.
Welcome to RP world baby
Name : Park Sohye
Date : Minggu, 21/10/2018
Time : 17.24 WIB
Gender : Kembar 2
gracias por el zing
Eu e o mozao
I got my spooky basket and it was the greatest thing ever..
Su carita
Feel free to hit me up if you ever want coffee or anything! Love you sister
Sorry for your loss.
fight me right now lmfaoooo. LOVE YOU MORE!!
Myeongdong is the happiest place for women! Grabe ubos pera ko pero my heart is full
Wow, it's really cool. I hope you have a great time at the exhibition
Iyah Mina is the first Transgender woman to win Best Actress in Philippine Cinema! Mabuhay!
M I L G R A C I A S
Wishing you a wonderful day, evening and year. happy birthing cycle.. mjb x
Thank you guys so much!! I am so overwhelmed by all the support and I'm so glad I decided to come back I've
We Halloween
Kohima
See you again
y is he so beautiful
Happy two months of life, my sweet baby
cheer up, angELs i love you.
- angELpats
i stand this kind of affection
Ow wow thank you so much.
other ate's in g9,@ohsostephx
gratulacje
Since gonna be wrong about the Iron Fist thing, you wanna buy me RDR2?
Honestly the best news heard all week
Shout out to my girl for going with me to the Southwest soccer game and freezing for me
I love you so much more
this my active account and i have my picture as my icon but still loyal. slide to my dms daddies
I love him even more than I love the Constitution. Becoming an aunt was unexpectedly life changing. always be there for him.
Tomorrow Is The First Day Of My New Job. Say A Little Prayer For Me Tonight Or In The Morning. Thanks
Hey Neph Can't Wait To See You When I Get Home
tp moschot cakap dia couple dgn you. congrats. happy for u both
a perfect first line of a perfect first book
Hi hi! Good afternoon, peeps!
This lonely Deer is looking for more people to mingle with, and she hopes you're
Yeah hope they get to have a vacation or something haha. Love them so much! Excited for their comeback too! Yes or Yes!
thank you so much!
just wanna do a quick shout out to my sister been through it all, and always knew what was real. love u j
Thank you sa treattt! Well appreciated bebe
Thank u ate I know I deserve to be happy too. God nless ate.
love you Shawn
and RT
Having to witness people who gave up on love , find true love is the best feeling ever .
WE ARE THE YOUNGEST COMPETITORS AND IM SO PROUD THAT WE DID WELL THE IMPORTANT IS WE LEARNED THAT IF THERE'S
Exciting to!!
Happy birthday Wish you a happy year ahead
Bruh my mf legssss been a phat min since i went to a concert ): today was so fun tho soooo idc
well tanks lol I thought okay
loving their outfits Those glitters on them're everything!
So grateful for today.
Here I am to pick up this beauty Chaleh waali Car at Audi Langley
its literally amazing just like every season
Theatre across Barkly Square to be called Sparkly ...cannot come soon enough! is getting a brand
my shorty !
Hot chocolate & Donuts perfect way to end my weekend
Awww~ Thank you!
New Please
soon
SO precious
buenas nochess
Enserio???
genial
Rapaziada do bem tmj
I LOVE YOU PLZ FOLLOW ME
Thanks bell!!
Cocktribute for my gorgeous Slut
Mood
oh how i miss my sweet isabela you made my brazil trip so special and i wait to be back there someday
enjoy your home time carve some pumpkins with your family
do you got any plans for halloween? ILY
We're from Philippines. Thank you
Keep smiling
This one smile keeps many fan hearts going
Love you!! Thank you so much
[22/10 01:19] Nay Prin Vou dormir kk
[22/10 01:19] Patrick bom fica com Deus
[22/10 01:19] Nay
Another great night with . Thank you for the endless laughs!
Love you very much, thank you!!
Happy 22nd to my brothers, enjoy it grandpas
Chale, hasta yo senti bonito
YOU LOOK BEAUITFUL AND I LOVE
_____ .
lucystgworld: lucystgworld.tumblr Sissy | Shemale | Feminization | BBC | CD | Trap New Captions...
A Ho Ho Ho-tel Night to Remember
I popped off wym
We barely talk love bird so you count rn still love tho
....i can honestly do this she special lmao
Report this shit even though twitter probably care because they Nazis
My cause
I don't think so. I think her Dad is a pretty hardcore Trumpster, and so are all their friends.
Thank you, though.
I just got some trash queen merch!! Thank you !! All proceeds go to charity as well.
you promise to be there?
the oldest photo in my gallery, and one of my most cherished so happy to have shared this
My messages are open. Always. family, not a fan base. Like bex said
Yoku dekita!
LiviHair.Joyce - Sale Executive
Whatsapp: +84 971927101
Email: Joyce@livihair.com
The closure color
Literal goosebumps! How can such a huge voice comes out from that tiny little body?! This is the reason i stan
shiro the hero we all deserve
100% Free Live Porn Cams
Shows by Beautiful Girls
I love you Mom Thanks for everything!
Wait do there are more?!? Queen love you
Someday overcome my shyness and just go about to you and tell you I love you and that you mean everything too me
Whew childdddd that's 100x better than waking up to a paragraph
"All Too Well"
Mas amo "22"
No me aguante y lo
Such a beautiful person
stay close to me, that's all i want
I pray everyone reading this will believe and be saved
A poner las cc c:
ugh the love I have for you is unexplainable thank you for everything you have done for me &
Rap Monster
Hasta
&
What iz your colour
Had a good day with my love at the pumpkin patch one of the eyes on my pumpkin fell out
love you and I loved your video and im so excited to see what you create in the future
Good mornning my love
So grateful and thankful for my parents and all that they do for me
lol Neva facts
congrats ateeeee
aha seen seen preciate you!
Poets trying to write
We don't know how to rhyme
But, damn, we try
As the season gets closer to being over I just want to cry but we got rings on our mind so it'll be awhile
iloveyou
My coworkers love me
Cheesy middle school days. Such a beautiful soul. You will be missed. My heart goes out to the Caso family
you're catching hearts again.
The official posters of the short film I worked on called
Props to producer, director and
I luv my header
stay close to me, that's all i want
I can't wait to be with you again
For be the person who has changed my life
The heart gets what it wants
Here's a thread of cute and beautiful smiles.
To start off enjoy this pic of Taeil
Thankful Grateful Blessed! What a great day!
Spoiled by my family and friends!
Goodnight friends!
Gib mir immer wieder SpaB.
Met a guy at shady with an I tattoo I fucking love that place
thanks baby get it from yooou
the one
Night
Constant yiee
Oh godd... Same goes with mee!! He is my idol too!! He has so much to learn from!!
I love you always
Oh, have a nice day, everyone! Don't forget to be kind to others
For 5 long years, it's time to make a choice. Though I love him with all my heart. I AM NOW CHOOSING MYSELF.
yo is a real one for taking a spare to me and much love homie
thank you space mom, I love you. I started crying
I added a video to a playlist Cutest thing ever / Shiba Inu puppies
Taking naps w my boyfriend is so special to me :(
so sorry for your loss
ur already there
I reunited with my twin today it was the best I missed her. awesome how we picked up where we left off
Kun the kutie
You have such a good heart
My favorite song is the only way out
The woman becoming allow you to treat me like the girl I used to be
I only have 1.5 more days with my Ashley and Sonny and I'm so sad about it I'm gonna miss them so much. This
I can't say that I don't read if I don't try first.... Thanks
A little Lisa for Halloween
The Wares
Nianza Style HOLLYWOOD
The SALON suite
I can finally say I can finally drink alcoholic beverages without my parents looking over me with a mean ass face ok ty and goodnight all
Females can go from sweetheart to cold hearted asshole in 0.7 seconds
Happy anniversary to my two heroes Family is everything and I am so thankful for mine! God, you are so good!
8 pounds 6 ounces 22 inches long
I miss u
Girl no one is too anything too be loved, loved
Hopefully things go back to normal just better
Mammy
' Tava Gatinhaa Hojee ...
Hey guys! We heard your concerns on the recent unseen video. The link is now clickable so go watch it now!
i'm so excited to listen mutual in live Shawn
Thank you
So brave of this person to tell everyone deaf
New hair Jimin oppa , Jungkook oppa
you and me alright this is -Rachel
The last one to the one group almost finished! THE-CRANE definitely painting faster, started this and did
Baby is back in korea Dont get hurt while practicing, eat a lot and stay healthy hiichan!!
happy b-day, te amo
I love them JIKOOK
I hate you baby
Thadon Lewis Crowe
Yaay it's Birthday time, woh bhi a Shivkuuliciois one . many many happy returns of the day love
Baby is back in korea Dont get hurt while practicing, eat a lot and stay healthy hiichan!!
8PM ACABAN LAS PRUEBAS Y ANUNCIAREMOS A LOS NUEVOS JUGADORES ESPERAMOS SU APOYO
En su
D-2 till fundraising closes Come and join this meaningful event together
Please don't take hyunjin from me
SISTERS
5 anos de Prism.
May GOD bring in the right persons to your path this week.
Lovely baby!! I want hold him
maybe the next time I will have your follow too.I know you can't see all the tweets .I love and I will allwas support you
Oh my god! Wow. THAT IS AMAZING!!!! So so proud of you!
Faith is seeing Lightwith your Heart when all your eyes see is Darkness!
Literal goosebumps! How can such a huge voice comes out from that tiny little body?! This is the reason i stan
Actual Procedure Masseter Contour of Vlogger Baninay done by Head Doctor Roe Dela Fuente
Day 21! Queen!
.
Thank you!! I appreciate that
My heart explodes in thousand pieces when I dream about you.
Blue hair suits you Chim
is at the soon to open Bar314_nyc
Thank you closet for my cute shoes. wait for my other order. hihihi.
beautiful. any guy would be lucky to have you.. like me. thank you so much.
Heavenly gorgeous
Morning!
welcome
sarwendah29 followback kita dong pliss
Boa madrugada
Eu e a Nathali
Couple goals
don't forget when you're ready with acoustic guitars
Beauty
Cutie ni anne
We stan the right people
Last night
Lol yeah track couple lmao
Obrigada pelos mimos
Finally can say I some
lol I hate this
Love theee wayyyyy you pay attentionnnn! You notice everything, so i give my everything.
naraid66
mhtpbrkbha1
I miss seeing you singing on the tours
Thank you tia Dulce, we luv u
Congratulations & cheers for the both of youu
Almost definitely, i dont think i can get a flight from hobart to japan at christmas for less
Love this account
I LOVE YOU
Sdd disso
All for His greater Glory.
The amusing feeling of excitement over the printer
Too Cute!!
Halloween costume try on
hey! wait to see you at jingle ball
5 anos do Prism.
Header //
" Fortnite " Tried Something New
Show Some Love
Headers Like
My boyfriend fuckin steals my heart on the daily
ihhh hehe
AAAAAAH I signed up milo and charlie for UP MMDA Search and Rescue training program this gonna be
Some day over come my shyness and just go up to you and tell you I love you so much and also tell you that you mean the world to me
definitely one of my favs from my time in Guatemala I miss this sweet girl so much!
Bored & lonely. Send me your and to distract me
Britney Spears
ta ai ne mn , te amo
I want all of my lasts to be with you. I love you so so much Daniel.
A little appreciation post of my beautiful girlfriend I know where my life would be right now without
thank you so much for sharing
Anytime BB
YOU DID THE MEME!
thank you mammy
I Know Who Needs To Hear This But Listen , You Are Destined For Greatness This Is Your Winning Season
CLAIM IT ...
Thank You Bro.
I hope you are truly happy too
mind can forget you but my heart
RedRoseCubana Suck Dildo |
village sleeping bhabhi fucking hot nacked cape
My heart is so full
It's my sis and Moosie Birthday Happy Birthday to themm
Lleguemos a la meta
a book and a big bag of fries
i love my mondays!
Or maybe I did want to hear your voice
paw patrol live 20.18!
Sarangie please Rest In Peace
Bae is back in LA
I want a nigga too love me the way Edward loved Bella in twilight.
I Thank God for progress and change
Fell asleep while playing her mouse catching app
FECHAS CON SOLDOUT!!!!
MTY LOS AMA
is a wonderful experience when used right.
Listen, engage and build solid relationships!
Im so excited
I Know Who Needs To Hear This But Listen , You Are Destined For Greatness
This Is Your Winning Season
CLAIM IT ...
I love my family
Want more places to promote your book, we have got plenty of places for you-contact us at
Thanks for being here :) Forever and always
Leo
Aquarius
Cancer
Glory and gore & biting down
Always wanting to snuggle with Bubba and match
Love this woman so much Happy Birthday and many more blessings to come
That should be the name of their baby
I turn 18 next month so just pray that my parents will let me get tickets to see you
Thank u I appreciate it
i love you shawn
BRUHHH
OUR FEELINGS ARE MUTUAL!! WE LOVE YOU
This
Honestly some great responses
October 31, 2004
I love you babe and ready to start life with you you make my days 10000000000 times better everyday
I really appreciate your hardwork. Thank you verrryyy much!! i'll wait patiently
Its okay nick- like i said on stream as long as youre trying your best be there
Blessed blessed blessed
almost National RED Day ladies
thank you for being my inspiration and for being my full time energy always and forever. i love you so much
see you tomorrow
State of Grace Acoustic
Get Ready To Show Our Love To
btw is my biggest fucking inspiration will know that
omg
Te amo baby
CUTIE BABIES
Ino deine pussy ist so gut ich komme gleich
Hawaii is such a great state! attn:
Estoy sin palabras
Definitely checking it out! Thanks mamas
Adorableeeeee
wait to see my baby in San Antonio
Best weekend had since June! the luckiest person because I get to have in my life. Thanks T for having me!
actually crying. The fact that I made it on this list of people has me emotional. Love you Jules :,)
I love you more
I wanna travel the world trying all kinds of food make dua for me thanks
Happy birthday baba
Scarlett Johansson
Proud To Be Rebal Fan
MY COFFEE IS ON THE WAY BUT IM STAYING UP FOR VIP JUST TO SEE MY BOYS AND ALEX AND JAKEE AND SPENCERRR
I'll always remember this tweet. Thank you!
So bittersweet seeing the special of Mary Lynn Roper!! Thank you for your awesomeness!! NM loves you
I my bf I be actin crazy cause
sdd meus breuzinho
Suave
Telecine fada sensata
Thanks boo I try
Yess girl! the best feeling.
Similar
What a doll!! You must be very proud.
fav this if you a libra (if u are ily)
goodnight
I love this idea Beaufort, South Carolina
El domingo termino bonito.
Agradezco por tenerte
Mi baby
btw i da nu profile pic very much
happy bday love ur the best and so glad been so close with you since kindergarten. i miss u a lot ,
aww, sweet i love you too, kambler! thank you & God bless
0.2
beats 4_0.5 crore.
Obg
Cause girl you're amazing just the you are Happy Birthday to this precious gem right here
ugh nick makes my heart explode :((
Love this pic
i looked at him & i saw a GREAT man . .
Best group of peeps ever to meet
follow us, we love u so much
Something is in my mailbox I was informed today! wait to get my package tomorrow Carrie!!
Corn flex + Tom and jerry
El tiempo no te hace perder amigos, solo te hace entender cuales son de verdad
Happy Birthday
Thank you auto-congrat
so in love.
Loved playing around with the ring light today
Te conto tudo
Miss you too
So proud! You both deserve it
Good morning friends and enemies....nonke have a productive day
Thank you!
Life is good!
Not A Girl Sarre Still Gonna keep HIM
- my baby imy
for all the hope, music, faith, feels, letters, etc. You make better all bad moment
Rihanna + oversized coats =
Actual Procedure Masseter Contour of Vlogger Baninay done by Head Doctor Roe Dela Fuente
For a faster
my bff for life
appreciate it(,:
I love you
Happy birthday, My love
Actual Procedure Masseter Contour of Vlogger Baninay done by Head Doctor Roe Dela Fuente
For a faster
thank you.
syempre marami yung time kasi walang ganap! Go we are still rooting for you
Ommggggggg this is too cute
Actual Procedure Masseter Contour of Vlogger Baninay done by Head Doctor Roe Dela Fuente
For a faster
I barely see you anymore , thanks pootie
This should be in history
Your like super gorgeous and I would like to take u on a date and treat u thank you !
I want to get your tshirt so I can wear it, when I see in December
so excited to finally get to purchase your CD! Safe travels and best of luck to you
SO MANY OF MY MUTUALS GOT A SHAWN FOLLOW TODAY. MY HEART IS HAPPY
Gianluca: I u
Jackie hes so lovable and silly
this be hoseok when he laughs
> <
Sharia is love
Sharia is equality
Sharia is freedom
Sharia is
Facts ion even see you anymore
i was so tired then shawn came on twitter and everyone became active. now i sleep and i have school tomorrow.
wait when we take Eli and Leo to Disneyland
Tenerte a mi lado es mi mejor regalo.
you too i know deep down its not true too, its just hard to ignore sometimes
FOLLOW PLEASEEE!!!
Cuddle bug tonight I was just laying here and he just crawled up and wiggled under my arm and fell asleep
Am i the only one who found him so freaking adorable?
we still love you hitler
I just saw this, omg tea
Apoyando a mi streamer favorita
Pumpkin patch with my girl and her family
No soy buena en esto
Actual Procedure Masseter Contour of Vlogger Baninay done by Head Doctor Roe Dela Fuente
For a faster
Twining
Please Support Heart Disease Awareness
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
my new addiction.
hahshha close enough
I love you always
Hold it down for 69 for us dad
Wow ,Twitter neh
Oh my gosh is beautiful!
She came to drop me today! Mickey girl!
follow me
New found friends.
Chill after birthday party.
Awww thanks
I fucking love this kid man he does so much for me. Friendship is amazing
Nakyung
Mi amore
Steady smilin!
if I was ever for to flop the gvng gone carry my load
malibu nights on myx
Baby
FUN DAY!
Went to a ranch with my family today to celebrate my birthday early. Loved it, it was so much fun!
Paul. Polesito
Love Halloween it was worth the wait
Hugging the Teddy Bear from stall.
always love you too
Boi Manaus na Batucada
ahhhhhh thank you!!!
I treasure every saturdays of my life.
Shut yo sweet ass up hoe
My world
Love They outfitted my kid as Annie for her school play earlier this year.
happy birthday, my favorite bbgirl
Thank you love
6-1
African American women be natural and whenever I go to the beauty supply store they always help me. God sent angels
Me and rob did that for 2&1/2 months and it was great
for a tbh bc why not
thanks
You make me so happy, my & my
Amarlos
Shout out to for a great shoot and a great time. Loved catching up
Aww! I love you Shawn! wait to see you again in Auckland, New Zealand next year
my parents
I get accompanied every year then we go out to eat when I'm done
official, going to have a great day
Just another rzn I my little
I had so much fun with you all tonight do it all over again tomorrow night between
requesting an extra for my
A few days after
Todo mi amor para ti
I love and miss you too
The Cuteness bby
SUGACoffee309
Still love by Islander and the few rare people it reminds me of via
Thank you! I did
Hope relaxing a bit on your time off
Made me tear up I love you babes and thank you
Thank you loveeeehag
Looks like I got busier than ever before. Don't worry. It's a matter of time.
I Love You, sweetooo
this just may have been the very Tha i you &
Police Bootality - Trailer
Let's go Ronda Rousey your the baddest on the planet
Valentine
This year you're mine Wij97!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
A little appreciation post of my beautiful girlfriend I know where my life would be right now without
from ,Alm to ,Oliver with
25./26.10. in Annie at Im Wizemann in Stuttgart.
after an awesome
so proud of my baby
Ily
Thank you so much ( the gif my heart )
Wishing you the best wedding planning is fun!
Congrats Juray!
Subscribed! Good luck
wait coming to ATL
If you want to become a REAL Amazon best-seller check out Learn how to Launch Your Book Big!
hoy my heart
Yes and YAS and YAS !
24th is a full moon day
get through it
Hi. We forgive you
REAL COME FROM THE HEART NOT THE
Happy I got to spend a little time with him
Ngl was hoping for V or Jimin but not complaining about this cutie
Smiles so bright, they could light up a room (60 Photos)
I get to see my baby in a couple hoursssss
Friendship is nuch more than kicking it.... way deeper than that
Lips and lower face treatment. Divine result.
Smear that Citucura , and have a good day
Thank you if you joined the stream and had a great time talking to yall
Doyoung as Prince Eric...that just changed my life
my baby is coming home how i've missed u
This weekend I spent 2 nights away from Zac for the first time since we got married, and well, happy home tonight
Without my laptop and WhatsApp.. just me and my family
you going to love this cute boy
appreciate the love sm
kar thank you for always believing! love you so much sis cant wait for you to come visit , right?
A wonderful beginning in their lives.
So thankful for my best friend
Sure
[22/10 02:20] Arthur: Luthi ?
[22/10 02:21] luthi: Oi vida
[22/10 02:21] Arthur: te amo
You are seriously an angel sent from heaven to bless us with your awesomeness
Thank u sir sa love at support mo Kay beb God bls u po
Kinsay kind-hearted diha nga willing magpahulam ug cost accounting ug intermediate account?
Thank youuu for the chance
Emilio keep your eyes on the road before you crash or something!!
I love them so much!!
still falling for this man
sucka love this nigga foreva eva
Heres my favorite picture of namjoon
AWWWWW YES PLEASE IN DIFFERENT SIZES TOO
if happy is her, Im happy for you
Seem cool , thanks for helping promote
so proud of my mom ...
birthday surprise at work
ily too
Very good scenes!
KKKKKKK te amo
she looks so damn pretty from the back!
Yep yep
i fr have the best bf. my best friend too.
One of my all time fav
I love people who not afraid to show their spouse off even w there flaws
Valentine
This year you're mine Wij97!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Awwww I remember when we met. You were very warm and welcoming to me. I always appreciate people who make me feel welcomed
6 years with LABEL
Good morning friends. Have yourself a beautiful day. forget to smile.
I never found mine but happy you did and de nada
2012 was the year I was a fan of peta murgatroyd
for advice in ur dm
I'm with you sister
a small compilation vlog of LA and ddf
I love you more than anyone
Humble character really attracts me
In my dreams you're with me
LOVE U
Aye he Still doing that!
Love
Gracias te quiero
linda ?
Beauty
God bless this
May we receive the good news we've been praying for
Munchies
thank you so much!!
thank you for making me so happy even if over the littlest things , I love you
Hehehe cute :3
Morning
Y LOS QUE NOS FALTA!
Congratulations for 1 million fam on Instagram.
We Love You
LOVE
It starts with something small
The best thing...
Keeg: One more hug!
Mahal ko na si Donny!
Ahhhh. Happiness
I Love You Too.
thank you for following me!
my bf is really my rock
Goodnight ugly women
Happy Birthday Cuzzo
she kept it so real, i fw her forever
The way he went around to all the fans after wow what a man I love this boy
Thank you gorgeous!
Minha gordinha
Mi Victoria!
going to say it again for those in the back, life knew I needed you
Gratulacje
You are my favorite notification
Are you with me?
JK
Yooooo!! Por favor
Seria un
Quiero a Tata!!!
Rip Donley Bros
the love for my friends is infinite.
Nah really crying right now making me emotional
I hearted all of yours as well
Speaking it into existence - got this, girlie
I love you
Por lo menos mi amor si lo tienen los 2
i really really really really love you girls
hope your night ends with a creampie
Trending top spot nationwide!
Ang saya ng episode today
Love you guys
Lovely baby!! I want to hold him!
One year since Baby Burns a legend we will never forget
Kanami pamatian, Wife-in-progress!
new clothes
ready, Architectural Design 10!!!
be uh stranger tho & welcome
Sidharth
A girl and her ice axe
Damn.... I feel so special, this woman got my heart
Ok. I've seen everything roger but I haven't seen that, why are u doing this to me
i follow back
Subscribed!
Some of the girlies and I at the atilier event
Hookup with Me at
double fuck fuck machine mom porn punish upskirt spy
I added a video to a playlist TENDREMOS HIJOS? P&R *SIN HABLAR* con SAYOYYI
sonder type of mood tonight
OMG this theee cutest thing ever
freshouttathegape: mes-envies-d-elles: Oh. My. Goodness.
Shawn supposed to be sleeping but here waiting 4 ur follow lol please
Sugar Cane!!
my honor.
rush!! Your life is on pace! Just stay close and lose sight that He is leading you! Stay the path
A great ass man.
11:11 to follow me.
Read great books like Communing with the Dead: Death Part You - at
Good morning
i love!!
Tata!!
a very forgiving and understanding person I could never see myself doing someone as bad as they did me just not in my DNA
Happy birthday mommy
thanks for the trans
I mean...
Pay attention.
Touch lives. Change the world. The Cathedral of Nine
*I have a new farm house
Your short gym shorts are breaking my focus (51 Photos)
thanks
Thank you!! Love you bunches
Your thoughts with sincere love can help and save, bb! Keep sending him your best energy, he'll feel fine soon!
Came across this Dad used to fly these out of in the 70s
Thanks, honey
my sister is so lucky! So glad she found who treats her right
Beautiful!! Good morning
We would be so so Grateful
id like to thank seb for holding me and not letting even though he almost died in the barricade brockhampton
Always the best with you! Thank you, BI Team!
This is shit
So as long as I live I'll love you, will have and hold you.
Omfg I you
Whiddop
There's nothing a hug from my mom can't fix
All i want in life is to have a big house with a big back yard so i can have 10 puppies!!!!!
Become addicted to Piano, Oud and all Jazz instruments
I miss imma come to Laramie and see you real soon before the weather gets bad tho so keep ya head up
Heart eyes for my baby.
For sure this man went to heaven
Thank you I love you so much
Presidents Cup 2018
Lee Min Ho
The Heirs Official Still Cuts
October 22.2013
A Five Year ago
Nightmare on Elm Street is the best Halloween present ever thank you so much ily
Love you
Citron
Clamping en Treebones Resort
Spending to with my girl is the best
Also got this as a surprise early birthday gift from young Sebastian. I'm super touched!
I hate you and You Are Loved!!
please follow me
No offense , but this was my favorite cheer squad
this what ready for ..
With you everything is brighter
so handsome OMG
Welcome Do ya thang tho
You just gained one more tho
El atardecer bonito
And producing a Gemini baby! forget to hire me as your doula!
Yessss sis
Already know what it is bro!! On Me! Much appreciated
in love with a church girl
Damn, the SoCal fan base is literally so strong
Amores
Yeah it does!
been 2 years.
proud of you
forget how much I love you and miss my angel
Beer/wine/margarita yoga sesh was AHmazing! Thank You to everyone who came and made it special. I enjoyed every moment with you
belated happy birthday miss and god bless hahaha
It is a Christmas movie and it's a day that ends in y movie. Any excuse to watch Bruce Willis
Fuck a party , come over and have movie night
Stolen because what are replies
Cute picnic
Date at the movies
Cuddles on the sofa
Drunken kisses at a
I think I love you!
You kicked ass
Nightmare on Rezz Street is the best Halloween present ever, thank you and ily
Blended Family (what you do for love)
glad i could be apart of those special people in your life i love you
Any live of Bastille
SORRY! NEVER! Has been part of my life since 1983! founder club, events and ironmannews! Love long
My Ali My everything
so lucky to have in my life
- we became cool under the CRAZIEST circumstances but I honestly think you deserve the world
amazing I love you, i should be asleep but oh well
10.21
thank you so much vossel, this means so much to me
Therapeutic
Sorry to do this, but no stream tonight. Feeling meh today! Gonna go curl up in a burrito blanket and call it a day. See you tomorrow
Y'all requested it so here you go! It's ships time!
" well I'll ask in person would you consider taking on a 12'9 ursai i know I tower over you but
Happy Birthday po Enjoy your day po
Thank you so much
so cold today & raining ~ Seeing Sehun with this pretty turtle neck makes me feel warm
Sunnies bring out the bunnies (52 Photos)
I love you so much baby & I be anymore grateful! thank you for being here for me tonight
officially Monday so is .... shocker! See you Friday homey!!!
this the one
Je mon amour
I love how Garcia's attention is focused on Lucy as she speaks
I everything black. Favorite white black actor Jack Black.
Jonah and thanks for doing this !
Are the ones we take.
. [21-10-18]
ig stories
Thank youuuu
The Pink Beauty Bride!
Make your Wedding more special by booking exclusive Bridal Services with us. We make
Blonde Bad Ideas for the Weekend (85 Photos)
EU QUERO GANHAR UM CD FOUR QUE O PROJETO ALL THE LOVE SORTEANDO
Congrats wait to see what you do!
nr: thy love by binibiningmia
Bc better than being in your feelings, smile!
N'Saint speaks well "ming-ga-lar-bar", really happy Proud to be a myanmar MingEr
Aww
Aww I love you
this is my aesthetic
Thanks so much for watching and stoked that you it!
I jet noise!!
I lay my head is
Ilysm always
Oh yes. deep and hella profound.
GOAT pic, we love Jack
SpotlampE - For The Love of Music If you have a good voice or a good tune, feel free to send us your work.
You look soo good omg I love it
Fans
Much Love & Affection
ExpectinG This Type Of BonD Continues Forever
Today was such a blessed day with my baby im so thankful for him
Thank you. I love that you are so strongly in the corner with me and my friends and all of the trans community
10 is a big number , Double digits . I learned so much through you . I love you little brother . Happy birthday
gausah sedih karena cowok macem gini ya nder, ga guna bener .. you deserve someone better! cheer up!
and RT
Richard en el de Colombia
Zu
Had a wonderful stream on everyone, thank you so much for stopping by! We
All time fav jeevanandham kathiresan
I love these vibrant colors
Leg day hurts like hell but had fun watching moon in back of my truck. I snuggled under my coat just gazing at stars after my workout.
I love my girl
Believe that you will accomplish your for the week Making room for more positive thoughts as taught by
: u r really pretty glad we got over our dispute
Gayle Storm is back
B U H A Y S I N G L E
I thought you were supposed to be Suga
Thanks so much!
I look dead when my face beat but ft my mini me
My bday is in 4 days (Friday). forget this tradition
Tomorrow is early voting
Giiiiiiirl both fucking beautiful tbh
i love you
Thanks
you had my heart when you mentioned the day your mom passed.
Romanoff
Get book cover design advice from Books To Believe In. Just ask us on proudly
love this
BELO PERU DE NATAL
Princesa
Some of gods greatest gifts, are unanswered prayers
Awesome, this is fantastic, thank you both.
Text to Mi Amor
Enjoy the memories because the only thing have to hold on
After so long I finally saw my twiny flame
Black and blonde hair both look good on you
TAENG UNNIE.
Thanks Brother
4 days Yaa king
Eu tbm te amo mt
thanks! but you're cuter
can u follow me?
Jeez girl you know how prominent your part in this is. So very much. You better never forget how important you are to me
HALLOWEEN SALE
DISC 30% for Halloween Edition + DISC 15% utk produk selain Halloween
Happy birthday
Have a great day Maradebe
sana all may
This album literally changed my life and got me out of depression. I swear Thanks
I love that most of my friends who have done my latest bingo card admitted to having slight narcisisitic tendencies
Cosa hermosa preciosa
Thank you Lord
Osrs tho but boo ur hella bomb like ur time well come
Goodnight kids uwu, hope you are ready for tmrw!! I love you all have a nice day or night uwu
you are the sweetest! I love you more
Take care baby
homecoming 2018
TAAAK!! GRATULACJE
who among the member of taught you that?
Thanks and for one of the best nights I have ever had.
for a fun
Gracias amiga
wait to go home I miss my Bby
It does not matter that you ignore me all the time I love you anyway.
so blessed
i just cried watching this, omg
the xexelenta we love uwu
so lucky
goodmorning jhaella!! good noon hehe
loved watching the conjuring with you even tho you squeezed me every time you were scared
Yeer one side love kitna maza ka hota ha na
No one can ever hurt you
thank you francine!!!
ilysm Ily more
I see my future in your eyes
happiest of birthday babygirl. wish u all the best
I Love You
Gmarket Video!!
please leave a comment & like it
I know it just happened
Loved doing this shit
Dobro jutro
Good morning
don't trip. Your interview was some questions be silly & helmets shemelmets
porfa vean esto/ please see this
iconic !!
2016 gave us Lemonade and A Seat at the Table and I am forever grateful
have said this better.
Loved playing around with the ring light today
Thanks brother
Love this park
You succeed
It be broken for long I promise god puts you through this so you can learn from this experience
the dude I fw really has my whole heart
On the beach relaxing watching makeup videos drinking my wine so chill & such a vibe.
Happy birthday Twins!! I love and may God bless with many more
Really awesome
The six sense
What do you mean? :c it's a great smile
Black Pin Up My Natural Hair (one year of growth) Self Portrait Lingerie
- Use my
Can't forget FDFS
I just had the best month of my life ticked off a LOT of things on my bucket list. And the best part is, I did
Plisko the boss?
LiveMe-Live broadcasting community
Happiness wasted
Can't wait to see you!
Start your day with gorgeous dresses
.
.
Available
Price :9000
Size : 8- 16
Dm or click link in bio to order .
' ALL I DO IS CHILL ' MIXTAPE par (Posadic) sur
I just want the xbox on x . If i win you can keep the ps4 and the switch
So keep learning. Here's a great 100% free eBook:
Happy 1 year anniversary to my squishy thanks for taking care of my sick self today
Valentine
This year you're mine amnatwt!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
Una meraviglia, sempre e comunque
Repost
by media.repost:
'I like my body when it is with your
That was for you
Loml hope nothing change
HIT &
If you have used my team.
Am seeing winnings from every where. That's why Am loving
amazing baby I wish I was with all you guys
Too sweet babe. Love is sooooo beautiful. I'm happy for you
my brother and his girlfriend are sooo cute.
kakaoid : naraid66
hlnlvyjfhb0r
i have been trying to get your follow for so long now and it would make me so happy
Ofc. Always
I miss youuuuu when are you coming to Toronto for tour??
How adorable =O
Insta luv.
never been more proud of the sport
Happy birthday to the baddest I hope you had an amazing one you deserve it queen
I love everyone showing me support for the last year. On Halloween be one year that I take this seriously.
You always make my cheeks hurt, because my smile never goes away when with you. The thought
Im guilty of it. Lol. I RONDA
Love you and hope having a relaxing night where ever you are!! Lots of love from Australia!!
please follow me and my friend we love u so much
Good morning my Hero have a good day ahead keep smiling always take care lots of love my Hero
I give up, next time on try again ty
PSA: YOU ARE LOVED!!!! Go ahead and pledge your love for someone or something, but most of all, for yourself
Amando a Josh Brolin en Deadpool 2
Still my fave Taylor Swift album
is now live
melhor amiga
QUE VERGUENZA ASHDJASD MUCHAS GRACIAS BEBA
such a beauty1 Wow the
The Gorgeous Bride!
Make your Wedding more special by booking exclusive Makeup Artist with us. We make sure
I'm sure you are. That doesn't surprise me about you one bit, little sis!
I miss you too!!!
Head up bro
see u this weekend
Aw thank you
are you still here?? if the answear is yes tweet an
Congrats Juanbie.
This my favorite thing about being with Alex all the time I love taking care of the apartment and him and ugh
Very slightly offended by this tweet but nonetheless happy birthday Celine!!!
WOW six years ago I heard the best album opener of all time
.
.
.
.
Thanks brother
I will die too!! I hope someone them if not in the B.B. house next year!!
Because Jesus is in control I truly believe America will be Blessed to be A Blessing
Love Phoebe!
Ei
Nice, mine would be love you goodbye, ik its a tear jerker but i
few more weeks
Legends live forever. I love you brotha.
Legends live forever. I love you brotha.
I GOT A SCORE OF 103 OUT OF 100 IN OUR CULTURE EXAM!!!!!! THANK YOU NCT AND iKON FOR BEING MY INSPIRATION EVERY DAY LOVE YAH GUYS
thnks darling i bet itd look good on u
is blessed to have such cutie pies in his life, adorbs munchkins cheering their love to
is the cover star of our November Issue
As she sat there,she looked back from
Yet another unforgettable weekend with my Lily Beth! I love you baby! you never cease to amaze me! Counting
the vlive reached 200m we still have 7 hours too
I and happiness...this video has both, thanks Ale!!!
Mr. Feeny will be there for you.
My favorite picture of yours when you smile like that
All Wanna One members love Jisung so much
Que linda noche
haha ilyyyyy
5 years and half
nah dude too tired for it do it tomorrow before class starts
i love my dad more than anything man.
- your face looks like it makes a good se... ykw nvm
at all ! Buhh thankyuhh
our lot in life. We just need enough kindred spirits to make the burden a nullity.
Who could turn down a road trip, a concert, and sister time!! yay yay yay !!!!
Borahae
Morning
i can be both , only for u (;
Self love the best love
Thank you!
look at this qe love you from the bottom of our heart
Aloha
Always do what you feel is right
Ouch boo! so sorry. Struggle is real
Awww thanks beautiful and my big sister homegirl did my makeup
to all my friends
is trending!
I know we close but if you want to talk, be here for you
Trust, that that is the absolute truth
Home
Love!!
for a dm
Unite
I wish I could. Thank you though.
sooo happy for you boo And thank you for letting me borrow ya shirt We finna have the time of our lives at practice this week
No matter how hard it is, I will always be here
Here's a great one. Boney M giving us a wonderful Bob Marley cover. I the lead singer's performance in this
I love you
What do you wish the New Year's Eve to bring? Happiness.
due to boredom
Cute picnic
Date at the movies
Cuddles on the sofa
Drunken kisses at a bar
Rest well babies. We will be anticipating your japan debut.
This energy Talk as much as you want in that tub because all I heard was BIG FACTS
My ninja!!
I wan get cute and go on a date
not fat or the fat friend. beautiful and radiant. I wish you could see
Thank you auntie Love you too wait to see you
are you still here?? if the answer is yes tweet an
I love you most thank youu
Thankful.
welcome
Ate congrats. Mahal kita!!!
- Capri Cavanni and Tiffany Tyler in Rent Reduction
Bay you're a solid 11 and anyone who says different shouldn't be in your life. Love you bro!!!
to play iMessage games
I liked a video Fortnite Moments that make you wanna care for and cherish your homies
So so happy for you
This!!!
Aw
thank you so much my honey ): i love you
.
.
.
.
One of the realest, comfiest and relatable minjoon fics I've read in all these years this was
thank you truly the happiest ever been glad to see you doing good with your man and all your cute pups
Beyond
Awe im so happy
Thanks boo
thanks long
always put your first,Never switch or put your child last for someone who can be here and gone tomorrow,Your kids forever
Absolutely! Special
The body shop matte lip liquid tsay
I have the best job in the world
Any fellow makeup artists will know how devastating this is ... if you can help in any way please do
Love it! What size shoe do u wear as far as the give-aways! And so wonderful & humble to give back to people
LOVE YOU SHAWN you changed my life
Love you honey
Still believe married to this man
I love the block and mute button
Good luck
Love my city man
This Is
for saved me, for always still here for me, i love you. I want hug you, i love you so much
I whiskey.
My lil love bug i love you
aw imy thank u baby
I have the best angel watching over me Love you Grandma Carla
You are enough.
"Never gonna give you up, never gonna let you down, never gonna..." well, you know the rest. I'm always here for you babe
Happy anniversary!
omg can you let me know when you start doing this
*then i could not hold back anymore and came little ropes of cum that landed on your hand*
A-ah~
a good place to start friend
thanks for making my soon to be birthday a better one
Having friends that you called in months, but still have conversations like you just talked yesterday
I saw the most beautiful shooting last night, and I knew right then and there that he's always watching over us
I love you.
Del pito de varios.
so happy you followed some fans today could you pls follow me too?
See you again sa December!!
Never thought I could love someone as much as I love
& for more Videos!
Obviously.
You can do it
Thank you so much for your wonderful support!
amo esse mlq
If you know you are the most precious squirrel in entire universe. Our handsome squirry always be happy~ han
Broken crayons still color
sending jisung so much love
My girlfriend made empanadas with my mom today and I was like yup a keeper
Women complimenting another woman, I love it!
She IS gorgeous
Thanks for taking care of her
AKOLANGBAYUNG NAKAKAAPPRECIATE SA MGA TAONGMAY PAKESA PETKOKESASAKENGANUNKO SIYAKAMAHAL EH
Me Before you
just posted some newww lmk if ass
Obrigada
Good morning
Goodnight to these two beautiful Kings
Liked on YouTube: New Heart Touching Song ||Pehli Pehli Baar || New Sad Song Whatsapp Status
Lyrics genius: Mark Lee
Oh no, I totally understand :) need to explain yourself to me she is an angel
HAPPPPPY BIRTHDAYYY MY LOVEE
Monster in pink na rak mai ???
.
little Monster Dom
Facebook Dom Petch
I can't wait to see you perform everyday again
A girl and her ice axe
I wait to see what the world has in store for you
good morning
26. Stay True
I really enjoyed learning more about Mary Lynn Roper! Best of luck! I look forward to seeing her next chapter.
.
.
.
.
Add to Snapchat - BlushSnaps. think of this sexy ass giving you a snap session :P
what I used to do before I had 3 kids and a poodle. Sleep and read on my day off.
That means a lot! Thank you. Only help when you need
To why I freaked out today more than some people think I should have...my reasons!
Bitch meant for me
U Laura.. every loser unpatriotic American is on Team Avenatti
I'm in love with him and Emmy
ERES LA LINDA, TE
Have a great day Darling
Love awesome
before I go I GIVE YOU the right to be in my life Take a picture of this so you guaranteed Am yours
Meet my son Lylle Kenshin
He loves Tito Edward en Tita Maymay
Night gorg
not a Vet, but a Prayer Warrior. Brandon, prayers going up for you! We got you on this. not alone.
Thank you to everyone who helped me celebrate my birthday, appreciated.
The first man who ever had my heart and always will
Thank you bro, I appreciate it
Miss you homie
9 more hours to go
Te amo
49 getting real
Gud Morning sir g
pak army
Pak army zindabad
Long live Pakistan
Yes and Pac
I wish I was called darling so cute I love when he says darling so sweet and kind ahh. True gentlemen
Q da fool the greatest rapper alive
All the best, sweetie
i love s.coups, quite dangerous how much i love him
mapoa , mapoana
Things you would do for love
Aw thanks!
Ppl hate her for being perfect . Truth is she is the saddest in the group tho . Cheer up JENNIE we
you got this period ! I love you you real tough bestfriend !
Hank and my niece. The dog gets lots of love.
Yes, you need to trim the beak a little bit off.
As melhores pessoas dessa vida! Sheriff rendeu ontem
Our boxer thank you po Kasi you fought for us I LOVE YOU DADDY
Hi Incase no one told you today worth it
eh ganon talaga ate. HAHAHHAA THANK YOUUUU
late
YUP... I prayed for you. Ily
A Grand Birthday Event!
Make your Event more special by booking exclusive Decorators with us. We make sure
still soooooo lucky for the people around me, kilala niyo sarili niyo ha
YASSSS QUEEN
Also I love you baby
If you're having a hard time on how to vote just visit They're also giving answers on the quiz Wannables Fighting!
And my German Shepherd so they can grow up together
Supporting you!!
Two years later and still my go to person, will always appreciate her
When you love someone you make room
My Sweet prostitute
seriously, rebekah, reading that makes me feel a lot better about this fic! so thank you from the bottom of my heart
Happy birthday Thatha
Good morning
you are so talented! I love it! the Ed one had me laughing hard!
So cute
Thank you so glad I met you!
My heart
.. down to 231 lbs. from 269 lbs. .. God is good ..
periodt. but blessed to be a blessing. it ain gone stop live & learn how to treat certain situations doe.
oh we SERIOUS serious we going to family events together
late but happy birthday
Regis!!!! Miss seeing him!!! Hope all is well!!!
PLEASE VOTE!!!
- download STARPLE app to vote
Gracias
Pantalla de bloqueo
Reason why I love Dyllan: he just quoted Greys
I wait to see what the world has in store for you (x6)
I love you
June 25th
these will help with the cold.. and the other thing.
cryingggg that video makes me so emotional i miss you so much, i am so so so excited to come back home
"Love what you have, before life teaches you to love what you had"
Good evening
notice this girl
Prayers for my cousin Ashley All I can think about is that laugh
A Baby's Sleep Love!
Make your Baby's Birth more memorable by booking Candid Photographers with us. We make
Tqmmmmm++ mi amor
Love ya
stay positive n focus on yourself 999 lil bitch
Lmao.. so I was going on a late drive with my male and out of nowhere this car sped up beside us just to cut
Good Morning
My attitude depends on how you treat me.
Certainly is Gaby
get over this movie
Merceee fdp
You right, you right
I pray for you just how I pray for me
red on red
Hey, can you please open inbox for us?
Thank you!!
Have you ever experienced anxiety? If so how did you cope/deal with it? Btw ilysm you're my inspiration
.
.
.
.
i do not deserve tristin by any means.
I always feel lucky to have such a wonderful man in my life I love my boyfriend so much God always
Trust the process!
such a b word
Aww congrats
If at first you succeed, dust yourself off and try
Clingy
U look amazing as her
Happy birthday queen
laovia please & thank you
That is an honour coming from you! thank you hun
Mutlu haftalar
This is wonderful
cryingggg because this really how me and be
thank you for following me
iLy I really admire you
Happy Birthday bakla!!!! Choose your happiness over anything else! I love you
Wish you a very very happy birthday to president of
Always and always you are the game
Meu Voltou Hehehe
Riptide - Vance Joy // Live Out 2018
That is a really good addition! Thank you for supporting us!
Ily forever
Chuck !! To cool.
Junan happened if we can channel enough lesbian energy maybe they will speak to one another
this! Great to see these strong women roles,
Puro pinche bullying y Love
Love you to
I'm sorry to ruin it but I had to fav, too cute
so proud of you, ate!
Ay ay.. todo
This dude is the literal love of my life. I ask for a better boyfriend
Hey any chance you can have over for a visit next season
One from tonight
it's gonna be great
I love u too
they can say they can say it all sounds crazy
Just got out of work, cant wait to go home after a long day to knock out this 5 page essay I love it
I liked a video Fortnite Moments that make you wanna care for and cherish your homies
love your range lands
okay babe everybody said some dumb shit in the past
No longer using my career path as an excuse for taking a break...hit my line
Still love you tho
Congrats & Love from India to the Best Duo in the world
Sexy Latina doll Paula Abdul gets banged hard
Oh no really? Loved the banter and great chats. Yur in no pain now rest in peace.
So sorry Andy. You are all in my thoughts and prayers.
Yasss Queen Judy. We stan a woke queen!
P.S. Wig snatched with all the shade.
Good morning love have a nice day
YEAH !! She's HOT
fall asleep with someone on my mind, and wake up thinking of that same
Me obssecion follow me shawn
gonna do great!
thank you for being the reason why I have faith in humanity
If you already, go check out my first video back in the community!
Thank you for making me happy today my A R I
Thank you
Pantalla de bloqueo y fondo se pantalla
YALLFJFFGG THEYRE STARTING TO BUILD THE CHICK FIL A SO CLOSE TO ME NOW. God Has Smiled On Me! Mmm! Yes He Has!
I CANNOT WAIT. PHYSICALLY AND EMOTIONALLY CANNOT WAIT.
glad you enjoyed them
Godot
wait to see him next year
Hope to experience this awesome feast experience in ! go!
happy birthday ate god bless you more, i love you!!!
Amo foto
When did it dawn on YOU that you were going to be a parent?
God bless you both look adorable together. All the
Happy birthday Jadiney bobeenie the weenie love you
love you bubs take care of you okay
Bea absolutely adores this beautiful love team! WATCH HERE:
Thank you! That means the world
15 jaar
Praying for Red Wave in Florida, with Ron DeSantis as new Governor. AMEN
I been real irritated & needy today My mans made it better tho even tho he mad at me
okayyyy!! Tq for the update
Hey G
Get you friends like them i know what i would do without you two! I love you guys to death
Got to watch my eldest, Selah, sing in the choir this weekend at church! Vineyard Columbus
Boys r cute, I boys
one of my bucket lists checked :: SKYDIVING
The best moment ever in my life at 15,000ft 1 min to fly on the
The slouchy and the plaid makes me wanna grab a coffee with him!
Colored Hearts: .
. . .
Rihanna dona do mundo. Love on the brain hino
ilyt & imyt, thank you!
No te acabes nunca internet
Domingueando
Eu amo dms
Finally heard my fav live again I have so many emotions
Boa noite amigos!!! Uma semana para todos
.
.
Nite peeps! May we all have a blessed week ahead.
Pretty and amazing JaDines in Malaysia
Oh and Hi
HEYYAAA MY EVERYTHING
Thank you Enjoy your holiday See you Jan.20
Wow Lu These two look soo beautiful
Felix thank you for being confident and let us see your freckles most of the time i love you
The only man I need
She can have her way with me anytime she wants to
I support you and Cory
Spirit of praise 7
Maine Mendoza
Que
Still in the trenches intro will forever bang
Thank YOU for choosing St
My first child having a daughter calling it tf out
please, when you feeling tired, rest and take some time with your family, love you
can u help me? Like fine if you say no
Algo tan sencillo y tan valioso.
thank you alexandraaa!!!! iloveyoutoosomuch!!
It was always meant to be
Xv da Mylena
Beautiful family
HAPPY BIRTHDAY the man behind all the amazing tracks of ikon albums.
Thanks bro
all folks see ya in a week or so
read this thread
Keep Tweeting With
for inspiring and spreading positivity where ever u go ily
My sunshine
Inga Pirca
Monday mood
Credit to ???
Goodnight man
Both babies look so cute
Its you and me ,moving at the speed of light into eternity
don't worry. Was just a mistake
Anytime gorgeous
We're all overdue for some of the beautiful Niece (36 Photos)
i think it was from this tweet
goodnight, i love you so much!!
Then one of new songs
heavy rain pa more please
ure the cutest
hi! I hope be close though hihi!
I thought this was magnificent I love astrology and I'm a Leo like saying I eat it up but with majestically
Miss you already
Happy first birthday Harper
Remember to tell the ones who you care about that you love them.
the matter Princess
thank you.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
I love
SC
Amo
Promise
OMG! Halloween costume is Malcolm X
7 years ago God hand picked the right best friends just for me
I hope so thanks for the advice though
I NEW YORK !
.
NEW YORK NEW YORK! NYC MARATHON LIMITED EDITION BROOKS GHOST 11 ! Available in His & Hers! Pre
I miss you too & thank you
Urwell
Happy birthday to my birthday twiiinnnnnn I love you so much, you are so sweet and I appreciate our amazing
omg hopefully she did! we love legends possibly supporting other legends
Again,no explanation at least i got my bestie :/
Congratulations boys! We're so proud of y'all
for changing ppl lives
I put luz and iris on my wall again but don't tell hem bc they don't know how to act Lmfoaooo
Im with him
Im here if you need me
Of course I do, baby. I'd be crazy if I didn't
My love
Happy Birthday fav
Me. Imma let her do that hair. Love her.
I love my brother so much
I hate being in the middle but just know family first
Thank you for the positive feedback about my interview
thank you so much
I miss you too brody
As long as you got your son in your life an family an friends to support you all that matters
Omigosh!!!! Eeeeeee!!!!! So awesome of you to do this So excited for this album!!!!!!
Thank you
I promise to hug you squeeze you and never ever never let you go
so relaxing yung matutulog ka makikita moyung picture nyung dalawa with music and lights pa Thank u Lord
LIL BRO HAHAHA KAASARAN MUKA MINI DJ DAW SYA IH HAHA
One day girl !!
I know You have better plans for me
Ash baby I love you
0% Gangster
0% Mumble Rap
0% Naked women
0% Bling
0% Cars
100% Skill and Rap Talent
Eminem
Omg thanks for singing my theme song
I hope they go well
Good Morning Mr. Sweetheart
Have a Happy Day
Love & Hugs
Take Care
being a tia is one of the biggest blessing ever I love my babies so so much
1 Day To Go
Birthday
Excitement Level Damn High
good luck everyone
Here's wishing beautiful a very happy birthday from all fans
He really took care of my drunk ass
a pretty face carrying a clean soul
I hope it does you good!
and now im lss to "Waiting" and "Friday"
Ph:
Those nights before closing in high school were the bestungescream ata na hungeambiwa. Mimi the fact that ningekanyaga nyasi heh
High-yield lecture Monday to start the week right!
I want to see you too Vice
I support you noodle head
Valentine
This year you're mine lukideured!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
happy birthday my cutie god bless you yktr ily!!
See you soon.
Gorgeous outfits on both!
Good morning my edit photo from thank you babe
No puedo dejar de amarte
Incluso cuando no lo intento
- Ruelle - War of hearts
I believe in love, I believe in freedom
Take me to your favorite place.
I appreciate yannz even when im distant
Finally
Very much Congratulations bhaiya
Awww the sweetest Thank you for the love
Championnnnn whoaaa!!!
All these people
my happiness is "you."
Absolutely beautiful
breathtaking
Morning
Plisko the boss?
LiveMe-Live broadcasting community
How did I miss this tweet! Absolutely beautiful heart
6 months with my biggest supporter and my favorite person to ever
I want a chain that says stacks on it for bro
Decided to come back to fort thnx for the bros for coming out to the stream today
retrieved my account, finally.
love
No problem, love the best
happy birthday hanbin of ikon
BTS, MONSTA X and SF9
I see what you did there!
Custom
Hip hop -> Jazz
Custom
Bed
Nigga done took family g. Love you Mike Really fucking me up they did shit while his daughter was in the car
Ily
Disponha sempre,
Happy birthday to this timeless, honest and beautiful piece of art
Just what the doctor ordered! Thanks guys for a great one!
11 DAYS UNTIL I SEE YOU AGAIN
finde
AMO BAILAR , GRACIAS POR TANTO Y A LA GENTE LINDA QUE TE RODEA EN EL AMBIENTE
gracias bebes
I just wanna go back to one night of Candace talking smack to me while playing super smash brothers I swear I never let her win tho.
this scene from season 2 was everything
you seem so cool and your pretty n I like how you dress
I want make sweet love with someone
Throwback, Yesterday..
Beginner level, 3 meters for 20 times should be ok
Et bon
tbh ANG GANDAAAA MO PO! gurl kwass po kita ahehe bait nyo din pooo
QUE LINDAAAAAAS
so cute
My Pooh Was So Cute
Have a blessed day ahead
Hai Allah, itni pyaari omg, you're honestly so beautiful, I'm too ugly to post
Good morning my sweet Sam. After yesterdays business meeting was a lot to "talk about" between Mr.
Movie was shitty but love going on date nights with him
I highly recommend coming to visit Cartagena. The people are beautiful and kind, the food is amazing and life is lived slowly
a piece of shit then my piece of had a rough couple days but at least you can keep me happy and sane
Letchong kawali for lunch!
I know why you have a hard time choosing... because you absolutely look stunning in all of them!
My favorites.
Full vid on our YouTube. Love mixing and sparkling up new colors
She leaves a little sparkle wherever she goes.
Our little one turned 1 year and 5 months today. Enjoying
Kittens premium is fucking hot be silly to miss out
Latinamerica needs you !!!
Always and Forever! I look forward to our date nights just as much as I look forward to helping with homework
wait for the right moment; make it happen now. Catch today in cinemas
Turn my notifications
FOLLOW everyone who RETWEETS + this
Thanks lil bro
Mine Gihi gugma ta ka!
God has always been on our side and we pray that He continues to guide and bless us all throughout. Okay, i'm done with the babbles.
Wish I could be there, Rain and shrine Hussain
Thank you Matthew! Love you
and RT
Needed this today. Thanks, Abby.
Oh yes~
YO MASSS
Thank you misty ily
/rlt pap love sign kalian dong
I seriously have the best bf...he meal prepped for me and did all the laundry while I was sick in bed
Lee Min Ho
Picks Park Shin Hye Up From School
October 22.2013
A Five Year ago
Making hearts beat faster
I was so distracted and busy I didn't wish Tom Petty a HBD yesterday
Happy belated Birthday
We luv u as a couple heartous congratulations
20 hours late! Your mouth shape be prettier
Thanks so much for listening!!
Love babies ONLY
Aww I miss my brother Jordan
We forgive you
Being a mummy of 3 always easy but thankful everyday that I get to watch my little minions grow
Grateful for the relationship i have with my son father mother, literally the best always looking out for us
happy birthday to my first love!!! happy birthday father dear!!!
We Was Rocking At Tonight! efonzthadad !! Next Date Will Be Announced Soon!
But i must say. Trinidad is Love
so do I, babe
Hola bebeshita. te amo.
for a sunday night dm
She was trying to FaceTime everyone you're the only one that answered we love you!
Won against University of San Agustin Thank you G! 1-0
Good night 0. See ya in the morning cuz you know up all night!
Honestly though. Happy to finally see the day
I liked a video Mittelmeer-Kreuzfahrt Mediterranean Cruise MSC Fantasia
can u give me a shoutout to shawn? i love him
me, she is
Follow me pls
I LOVE U SO MUCH
te amo
Happy Birthday Hanbin-ah
i believe 21 already, we were just babies yesterday HAPPY BIRTHDAY BOO. wish you the best!
I miss you, I wait to see you next year
There is so much cuteness in this photo
hugs u back
Gonna do a thread of my favourite lyrics from this masterpiece (in the order that they appear)
Posted before but this is a better post keep going and never give up
Buongiorno
No More Google: Privacy-friendly alternatives to Google products via
thank you bby
Visual Attractiveness:
Friendship level:
Sexual desire:
Romantic intent:
{@SugaryAqua }
thank you for +600 followers
I liked a video Mittelmeer-Kreuzfahrt Mediterranean Cruise MSC Fantasia
FOREVER THANKFUL TO THIS LOVELY GUY WE LOVE YOUUUUU!!!
Tiffany will make the weekend that much better (34 Photos)
Give you a taste of your own medicine
Ugh. My wordsmith!! You dip into your heart like it's your inkwell.
There's never a day my mom forgets to call me and tell me she loves me.
Swear, that woman is my everything.
Available items
100 each (no haggling)
Subic & Olongapo based
help this man find a job
I love this gorl
Yes!!!
Chicago Illinois was awesome! Thank you!
dying to hear it live
Steven Wilson - Nowhere Now love this song
And if faced with a choice and you have to choose, I hope you choose the one that means the most to you
tonight was definitely one to remember
10 crazy ass fucking years. Love you so much & so proud of you. always be a crackhead in my eyes tho
Mi Supercorp
S1E : Case Evidence 02.06.17 on
Very proud student ,completed their project on habitats
Well done
Ms/arlene Al Athaiba branch
this makes me think of you
If anyone ever lays a finger on you I WILL fight them... us stick together
Mi hijito bello
With every passing episode of Kidding, I fall more and more in love with
& ride 4
how you treat me and make me feel is amazing
Ella mai- a thousand times
can't be on twitter right now. sending extra love to my trans & fellow NB friendos. take care of yourselves
Definition for perfect? See the above pic of RM
When I tell yalll Asia stay a blessing... SHE STAY A MF BLESSING
May Allah ease everything for us
Woah this is awesome what do you rate it 1/10
Follow for more
Tag your friends below
.
Send
This has to be my favourite moment of the season
Go bestfriend, my bestfriend..
Babe got to keep you head up and fight back just like that song you like you gotta tell the devil not today
Thank youu !!
Like to be in a gc ( cuties only )
Taron Egerton
I laughed so much today
HIT 10K VIEWS ON TWITCH TONIGHT. THANK YOU ALL FOR THE SUPPORT
Here's a sick snipe I hit to win our last game
I just picked up the and it was absolutely the easiest install ever. Unboxing to bring installed in minutes. it.
Best leader ever
Muchas gracias
thank you so much mrs. duncan you always give me that light at the end of the tunnel
Happy Monday
I wonder if Andy Reid needs a sugar baby
I'm supporting you
Thank you, really proud of it
Por nada Danni
Harry Styles
happy birthday i miss you more and more everyday baby
When we are holiday surely want to happy while enjoy a beautiful beach
Let's travel to nusa penida
Bae in the shower and I just want to go watch him
Gracias
rawasscandy: tastyblkman2: WinterDave4 PornHub Videos I Sucking and getting Fucked by Big, Thick,...
Thank you babe hope you and baby James are doing well
Good morning beautiful creatures
Creating this space was amazing more photos to come soon!
AAAAAAA
He misses you too
Thank you this was hella polite this why I fwu
watching these boys play their hearts out each week
Por algo somos iguales
I love you Marcy. I also haven't been feeling okay, but I want you to know that you are a great person.
por ser un ejemplo a seguir
still blessed for having them, i love you guys so much
goodluck pwincess
make kinda season...
Braeden literally just said the sweetest thing about me, my heart just melted
me last night and every other night but thankfully I have my strength right beside me and all I need.
Bless my feed queen!
Much love
Trust the Lord and His process
biggup for letting me go b2b w/ them last week
How about screenshot 6 times and the one you screenshotted is your true love
Its too good
Keep it up
I love how my brother is just happy with life All is well
Ah amo os solos do Jackson Wang
Me este efecto Espectro en Webcam Toy
You are so heckin cute
Shoutout to my man for being there for his kids and I and doing the damn thing.
mais linda, te amo
Another perfect day/night with Kevin
I honestly prefer to drive home this way every time. Reminds me how beautiful my neighborhood is.
Always a blast with and we love our girl
And if you stay, hold your hand cause im truly madly crazy in love with you
God knows my heart
Thank you for being smart & handsome.. Thank you!
Hahaha you always change for the better
Mi vida en una foto!!!
Thanks yots! Laban thisss
Thank you, Tommy
Doctor : What is your blood group
Me : TEA POSITIVE
Thanks.
Hey. Just in a healing stage right now. gone be okay fr.
make my family happy
I liked a video YugBam Got7 Maknae's. Yugyeom and Bambam BFF goals
I really enjoyed my entire weekend
have a lovely time at home babe you deserve it! i hope doing good and resting. i love you so much see you very soon
ARGENTINA LOVES YOU HONEY
Happy Birthday Han Bin Oppa
Et ce qui sonne qui sonne ...
Noodles Cockeye Patsy Peggy Fat Mo
Deborah Max
Happy to be alive :)
girl... i have so much love and respect for you. congratulations
Can we make this mutual???
so happy finally going back to his home land
Like wise brother but fuck it who cares bro!
I love a very helpful friend
Crazy baby boy
Ya
I
For once in forever long I actually feel at peace
Twista ft Jeremih - Next To You
im so sorry, i truly am praying for you and your family at this time and wish you the best of luck stay strong
I'm so excited, one step closer to anarchy
thank you beautiful
Fresh
Thanks UE JMA Fam!
Gratulacje!!!
If anyone wants to get me a spooky basket I would love some badass horror movies, cute fuzzy socks and a cute coffee mug.
You got a fast car
I wanna a ticket to anywhere
Maybe we can make a deal
my always concert buddy
i graduate this friday from school but thank you!
Please rt this love u
Safe & sound
Arrey no need to describe
I know you love me soo much , main hu hi itni pyaari
Everytime I open the app, my Sweety son with different appearances welcome me
(shoo shoo, Peking
i love you
hi crush.
Ask her she is a pro
Exactly and if never not okay I got my twitter fam to vent to, idc what nobody say, Yal are here for me
Thanks 7bby
Wishing you all the best and a speedy recovery.
Miss you too wait to see pictures of you & your baby boy!!
Design
Good morning only for our bride and groom
Cant wait to see you grow
Hihi te amo lindo
this
The persistent feeling of jealousy shared with a stranger's connection
My A R I hihi so pogi
GUAO damn, i miss those days :,)
SRK In Paris,France in 2004.
This Man's Popularity Crosses all boundaries
Happy birthday
Sim is the type of friend to get you through the night safely, AND even gets you Taco Bell after
Happy 6 years to this masterpiece of an album
Ibe-bake nalang kita
Opo hao~thank you
Mader Sitang is but K/orina is !
You have to understand
I love Emily so much
I support you and your message, it's time we take it back. Blessings from Chicago
Gonna watch it
I plague masks. Do you want one?
it marrying Gates
thank u sm
Don't be hard on yourself!! It looks so cool!! I love it!
All the luck to MinSu who is enlisting today! we'll miss you a lot! Please come back save and healthy!
homecoming ! Ready to turn up this week
Un mimo al tener amigas como vos .
Congratulations both of you
Who the
It is adorable!!
Afs velho POVO MUITO LINDO CARA AMO DMS KKKKKK
I love you. Your story is always valid
Kick me in the balls - Tav tavis PLEASE
She likes you!
Thank you so much Loooooove everything you do xxx
The times been going out lately been meeting such nice people I love it
ARGENTINA LOVES YOU SHAWN
I love you so so so much
Happy 17th b-day, doe shee me u
We to PIC NIC
I am blessed May God note every single thing coz I am
aw thank you we should talk again
We love you domo I'm glad to see a smile on your face !
We all we got we love you Domo.
I love you you strong af
In love with this
All love Queen stay encouraged
Summer Walker- Girls Need Love is literally on repeat
Good morning world and Twitter Peeps. ONE LOVE all Gooners and Goonerette's. Give thanks.
Stay safe.
Too soon, too much so perfect
rtxrt!
I really hope it gets better
Thanks to you all for giving your time to us!
worry Be Happy baby
Happy Anniversary! the matching color schemes!
Everybody left me when I was fucked up now Brandon here
Congratulations beautiful Kisses to the little ones
I see what you see
& The best f*cking concert ! :')
Thank you!
super sweet!!! Love her
thank you so so much
Entitled, privileged fuckos. Your Twitter is better off without them
My cute boys
I love you so much
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH OMG
Yes. ALL MY FAVORITE CROWN ARE HERE. Although Kim So crying scene was really unforgettable.
i promise to be with them to achieve new things
woah you cute
I just wanna know why khaliyah answer my FaceTime
I'll retweet yours once you retweet mine (pinned) much love
Always mami strong hearted women is what I see
Yea followed back right away.
prayers definitely up for you so sorry for your loss
Strange? - I find you the voice of sanity
After all, handwritten letters are still the best
Have a good night
Another amazing family
DM me which Quest if you want to talk.
Don't let their immaturity get you down, they're only jealous! They need to grow the Fuck up
hi maths dm me! i'll try to comfort u and cheer u up
Echo is
Welcome
dm me from his phone please or you can dm idc just one of you DM ME! Okay bye love you
I fw it
Would love to share this with my
great win. momentum!!
, you a real one. I appreciate you
so talented
Love you
I think adorable.
RT I love you
Omg it feels like yesterday when she posted ugh this my heart
Awwwww bunso that really sucks and I know the feeling all too well hope you get better and good luck for your exams
Everything
Glad to hear!
Wrong
I love you
Rafael
thanks for making my niece's night THAT much better!
Love your shades, Amanda!
Aw I love and miss ya babe!!
Always
by - flyin home to my happy place -
heart will literally melt.
i love greys anatomy
sir i want ur dp with virat sir
so excited to meet my kiddos tomorrow let me just tell there are very few jobs in the world that
Gracias mi amor
Girrrrrrrl stone cold with randoms but she knows tia when she sees her lolol we love you
I love you with all my heart cause you sir are amazing
I love and miss u so much Bel!
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH
Les dejo esta bonita foto de Shawn para que suelen lindo haha
Happy birthday
.
Little princess Be Happy alwayz
.
Darling of Anna
Okay love you sm
Ele tava oleoso mas tava bonito msm assim
Day 344:
Baby boyyyyyyy. I love you so very muchhhhhh. Pleas never forget thatt.
Exactly. You're such a great person and we all love you. His loss.
I love this lone morning glory I was taking pics of my this little beauty put them to shame.
Gracias
I hope you enjoy this
edit, Ruby!
This
Princesa
view
much love
Yeah, not cute!
4 a late night tbh while I do laundry
we're just 2 days apart and yes, 99 liner too
I hope you had an amazing weekend and a great birthday I love you so much
You don't have any idea how many times I fuck you in my mind.
Some great examples of hydrating foods tag your fitness buddies
Check Out My New Upload On Soundcloud Drop Them Follows If Like
This episode, Rosa, was
Thank u biya for these words. Such a beautiful morning. and ameeen. Love u stay the same.
THANK YOU AMBER They had the BEST time!!!! so happy right now!!!
Just sent my first story outline to going to crawl under a rock and perish from embarrassment now. Thanks for reading elf
Just saw my first Christmas commercial
That was fun
Seja feliz independente de TUDO!
Sooo cuteeee!! :3
PD: KOOKMIN 7u7
Ahre que es real bye
I have leftover puree with pumpkin pancakes' name on it
Forever thankful chi omega gave me the two sweetest twins, congrats on being initiated little
Ultimately, you have to do what's best for you and your family
Mario Odyssey all night long
I cant do anything but respect honesty
[PREV] 181021 Asics
THE BOYZ DAY IN SEOUL
NewQ
APRILIS_0426
Samsters! Like our official fb page: for more updates of Sam Concepcion!
Lol. I love how I came back on twitter angry and ranting but I love and miss you all
I refuse to turn on the furnace, so I moved the space heater by my bed that way Fiona (my cat) be cold. love
I love you kid
Gorgoues and beautiful
Certified nursing assistant
Keep Tweeting With
Juntinhas
2yrs 8mo
I love you
omg her loud ass voice missin you wayyy too much down here sis
And if you like it or me then just keep it to ya self.
basic comrade
Thank you honey
Yooo, por favor
I will come to your tour so excited
always will be
I love that you know this one. why amazing
When her jam finally came on
Sorry for your loss ! You and your family are in my prayers ! Lots of love
thank u
who in love with u? the best hugs and kisses
Gracias!!
Thanks to you too for this wonderful game. Love from India
We love you domo we just want you to be ok we genuinely care about you
Duran
I been in this pic lmao anywaysss my two bffs are
a relief bro, I was worried you might not be as stupid as me. But now we can be stupid together
aw, thank you boo!
It's cold outside but you melt my heart (though it's really warm here) lmao
Awesome thread. Thanks for sharing
Retweet my pinned and ill retweet yours (like my comment or reply that you done that )
I love you mamas
How about a beautiful picture
so close to 500 followers! Thank you so much guys! I know not a lot but it means the world!!! Thanks!
Salud por todos mis followers
I Love Your Profile Page
the best I appreciate you!!
My heart love you so much Han always
La chula gracias
I Just Like To Get On Here For 1 Reason.. To All Of Pictures.. Pretty Lil Brown Thang!!..
the most important girls in my life
Locked in ! Happy birthday rolliesdontticktock ! Truth Gentlemen's Club Detroit
Aw awesome! So happy for ya mari!
Love awesome sexy cheekies yummy gorgeous I like it I love it
perfeito
I love you both too
I saw my sisters tweet while I was at work and decided to make her a spooky basket after work
Last edcampmaui post Group photo Happy that ended up with both my prizes
Because my birthday.... show me some love
Crush
Our best and only leader Kim hanbin
Happy Birthday!!
This song tho
All I need is my family my dogs and my baby and life is good
amo forte
Te amo descansa bubu:(
I LOVE YOU TOO.
Hey Florida I ya but everyone makes fun of you! So redeem yourself and and vote
Please do watch on immediately after KBC.....
Sab jaagte rehna....... Show your love to our soul
PHILIPPINES
Interspecies sharing the love
Blessings from Chicago! You can do it!
I liked a video NAG SHOOTING! WOW! FEELING ARTISTA! | rhazevlogs
I LOVE Marvel future fight Scarlet witch
always watching over you girl
It feels good to be happy again!
UPDATE: we found his owner
SONRISA ES TAAAAAAAAN LINDA
sending all the love right now
Si lo hace
Awwww I love you. do better jyess? Ok
You kiss your mother with that mouth? (50 Photos)
The smile OMG OMG OMG
can finally say that i have 12 days off
Drawing makes me happy.
Gaalivaaluga
on Eat Bulaga today!!! First TV appearance ng teaser
Almost of them wants me to go home. aww so sweet Thank youuu guys
That facial hair tho...
Goodnight Moon
Xoxo
I love Us so much... Happy Ani to us one whole mf year!
Right?!
Look at my beautiful children
Me n the babe yesterday
Join the revolution and burn your bra! (43 Photos)
OMG he is literally
grows where my Rosemary goes
Goodnight
Ufff electro vintage
Say hi pls
Selebihnya udah ada dilaptop, suka bangetttt. Bagus2 foto hd nya
Woke up to this being over 300, I even know what to say..
Yasss bitches This baby is gonna turn Dicember 2 I will be waiting for you,hope to have a mega blast
(this would be simpler if Twitter would give us a "Dislike" button much like current button.
Can't wait for mine!
QUE LINDA MUCHAS GRACIAS
Moooonnnnnnnddddaaaaaayyyyyyy.... Good morning all
ilysm thank u & btw u look SO pretty in ur pfp
Love you so much Domo
My first and last love
show love to my video as well on my page.
Many thanks! That's what I need
Idk bout you but I hit the jack pot with friends and family that support and love me like crazy
insta story
my nigga for life I even put you in no position where you felt like you had to
Good morning
thank you so much
meu filho
Awe thank you gorgeous
My nigga..be trippin sometimes, but ima always fw them
At your Service.
fantastic btw
Check your DMs
here for it.
No love in these street
happy birthday Wella!! blessings overflow miss u ehhe
thank you baby
As a fan of both decent human beings and The Clash.. I my new shirt from Solid Gold
MADRE
I understand and why I am how I am. Love you, babe
Oh my yummy messy creamy delicious panties gorgeous I like it I love it
"Movie marath ta"
Sge.
tas ang gipang search nga flat earth, conspiracy2
Aye u already know man lol
WE LOVE YOU!!
My heart goes out to you, Alejandro. I am so sorry. :(
Keeping you in my prayers.
You own my entire heart. yours, take it!
rtxrt!
Heads up: new by is absolutely fab! What an actual jam I Love
Was such a pleasure to have you both!
thank you love for always sharing this
RM I love you so much!! THANKS
Thanks basha ill be back soon labyu
Tia and Ollie will happily provide many hugs
Love of my life
Thank you
I love being a mother the best feeling ever i trade this for nothing
Esme wig is taking years off
if you agree
___________________
Get the
Thanks babe
A little tough to sleep with our pet poor guy is exhausted he is a wonderful dog
hi guys i became inactive so rt if you're a carat and an army i need more mutuals! love lots everyone have a nice day!
thank you love for always sharing this
snap filters never disappoint me
You too
So am I break out the Bourbon girl.
Being a mother sure easy , but I promise baby going to try my best for Love you Andres . 1
congratulations for 100th ODI.
Attention Look at this lovely gentle precious soul!! Please
you set the stage in fire last night Superb
My Girls
Agree ?
Quotes About : -
Blue Monday also
Love ya, Steve!
rtxrt!
We you, Heather and miss you already! Thanks for all you've done for our city.
I could not have heard this song at the most perfect accurate time..... Jason you never disappoint.
Happy birthday to my one & only ;
My heart is so full right now.
thanks for support me .... Keep supporting me proud to be Pakistani
Luv U Bradford! THANKS...thanks for ALL you do....U put a huge smile on my face and I luv it!!!
I found my new favorite spot. Pure bliss.
THANK YOU SMMMMM im im rlly excited to see what you do for the rest
Good night everyone I hope had a good day
bisous
This is exactly where at! I hope you guys can make it to this point soon! LOVE YOURSELF
rtxrt!
Bebita
Nice pic
please please stay way from these hoes omg we love you
Gain 500 followers fast.
Retweet to be followed
Follow everyone who follows you
Follow me and then I follow back.
Thank you for doing this giveaway!
thank you babe!!! so are you
Since 2011....and before
Nakaka inspired na message
Have a blessed day to all.
new follower very pretty
i promise to be with exo when great and bad things come
i luv you.
Okay, Thank you. He's doing better than ever and is pretty much in the clear. If it doesn't heal
Thank you mamas
Love, healing, happiness
Minha princesa
love the video mom
The Sabrina remake is easily one of my favorite movies of all time
THANK YOUUU
UWU
rtxrt!
FELICIDADES
ill do anything, to hold you an see your smile
aw take your time bby
Thanks for listening so glad to hear you like it
Sometimes your mom and dad are all you really need in life
Awe stop I love you. Your BEAUTIFUL but yes get this work sis
I am so sorry, this is just.. sad. you are strong!
I loved you so much at one point, it hurts but glad happy. Wish nothing but the best
a true 2yeon stan
urgh, sweet!!! i love you moreee
viejo lesbiano Party
idk but i just love my new lock screen
viejo lesbiano Party
First rule is self love
naraid66
gd#uahyf%0@io
Africa
He could have a parade afterwards too!
8MEMrCbUY4
Couple quick pictures of some baby Taiwan Beauty Snakes that hatched while we was at show this weekend Love these little ones
POR MIERDA SON TAN HERMOSOS OSEA? CSM LOS AMO CHAU
Loves
Buenas noches amor
My baby let bully you bro you were 12
Me encantas baby
i hope u are having a good day or night wherever u are thank you anon!! i hope ur day has been great too!!
Valentine
This year you're mine C96TN!
And you, whom will be yours?
via
And if you're not okay, we are here to uplift you baby girl I'm here to pick you up when you fall.
If happy, all that matters
Beach and mac miller
Happy birthday B.I saranghae! Enjoy the concert in Philippines. Stay hydrated, stay healthy always love
only a few more minutes left!!Could you please manage to answer some
Every Damn Night
Credits; you made me smile
Yayy our very own Parthu aka Oonnuuu earned MILLION family on Instagram
May God bless u
Goodnight ototo
YES! We need this show right now! Glory be to God!
This was definitely me & Ali
You, my friend are a little shit I am soooooo excited
Once upon a time, I introduced my aunt to my high school soccer coach.
celebrating their 7 year wedding anniversary today.
OH MY WOW GOOD MORNING TO ME
morning
That my baby
Mayday Parade - Terrible things
You are my one
Thaaank you babesss you are handsome
Laugh and Giggle Bb
Happy birthday to this masterpiece!
my plan, thank you
You are valid friend and you will find a partner one day that will respect that
rtxrt!
I am so so sorry for your loss. Your message is powerful and touches my heart.
We are doing well
I love you babe, always
Ohh gracias
Happiness over history.
Double tap if you agree
.
Follow
Follow
Omg how did you even teach a baby to crawl backwards on cue so cute
Lemme know where you are and imma see what I can do
I- I really don't have worlds about this...
they slayed queens
Jeramon Royal
Happy birthday to my beautiful babies love forever!!!
Total babes! And lovely seeing
SO LUCKY!!
Always
All of these toys (and more) and he gets caught up in a book. our J
This is why I want to get married at my home in the mountains
Queen Of Hearts
understand how long I been waiting for him to walk through this door he walked in and came straight to me !
still stressful... i love you more though
grateful for you & coffee.
Mahal na mahal kita, Alleyah!
We won.
rtxrt!
YO TE AMO JAJSJSJSJ
Feels good to stay home with the baby
c u on Sunday
Being a stepmom has been one of greatest rewards. I never take it for granted.
Tell someone you love them right now. Doesn't matter who, just someone who means something to you.
rtxrt!
I don't mind giving you the rest of my life.
thanks for being my wedding date and congrats to Mr. & Mrs. Drake!!!!
Precioso
Miss you bby! see you soon!
I love how Cesar has such a big heart like me when it comes to helping others
Happy
/ Birthday to you/
ss
ss
~with my all ~
Pretty Love
Legends live forever. I love you brotha.
visual attractiveness:
friendship level:
sexual desire:
romantic intent:
(it'd
Please help precious Sparkle! Please
Thank you sherry
JIMIIIINIIIIIEEEEE
JUNGKOOOOOOK~AH
YOU LOOK SO SO HANDSOME
Thank you for cheering me up everyday
My favorite hiding spot in Washington. Love Manchester beach
This Moment....!
Eu amo
Start a week with great, happiness and honor
Let's enjoy it !!!
Drop heart
Thankyouu sir, hehehe loveyouuu!!
tysm c-slice ily
Those who are really your friend would understand love u paigey!!
Every volleyball men player needs a supportive
good morning my little sister gave me a seal plushie.. welcome to the family seonguwu
You seem like an amazing and good hearted person, keep doing whatever doing and stay true to yourself
People that stick with my crazy /stubborn ass really got my heart
ain, te amo
THANK YOU JADAA!!
a mod head but a mod head too so okay. Continue to take good care of my president a good mommy
MI GRAN HERMANO
I miss when make me literally die laughing at work one of the only decent memories I
rn
Snapchat - BlushSnaps
I'm gonna be at school sadly
But good luck in your lecture
Worrying is not a requirement a choice
Aloha is the best medicine.
at celebrating 10.
I am burning for you. blue oyster cult
wait to see you on tour
Blessed to see another 24 hours
RIGHT??? LOVE THEM!!!!!!! LOVE THEM ALL!
AHAHAHAHAHA I MUST SAY IKAW MAY PINAKA ANNOYING NA GREETING HAHAHA THANKS MORNS IMY ILY yie ang
form
always love you
I can't believe it!! Thank yoooou
To the girl who always been there since my diploma years. The good and bad times will ever be cherished
I love you. perf. I know we not friends but when I see you at home it makes me happy cause such a ray of light
tryna connect with my people.
for writing 'A little too much' such an important song for me and so many other people
Thank you for being you!
Life just keeps getting better and better because of you
Even part 3 is a great good movie ,tho
Thankies for the lap
omg
Loving him was RED
looking forward to my kiddos connecting with Mrs. Haney's class.
Jus cause I love my brother
Touchdown
mamicake tignan mo ung better half mo nang aakit papacake y so gwapoooooo
Happy bethday
Throwback to the good old Days
Suddenly, down this road called life, you were there, right around the corner.
_
Like slay Tyler!
_
I love my family! ... and Mickey Mouse!
sleepy but happy bun
If he takes off all his clothes when fuck you either got some great ass pussy or a nigga really love you
Who said cows fly.
- Keeper of the Flame via
Festinha da Tia
bon anniversaire Lola
Bullshit. even start with that.
Hey Below is my Pinterest link! Go follow me
Visual Attractiveness:
Friendship level:
Sexual desire:
Romantic intent:
{@ultigame}
my fav two
TON THREAD SHAMELESS
Eu amo
MSimagebot
My favourite rant buddy. You deserve the WHOLE world and ily for putting up w my annoying ass.
Hello friend I empathize and I you and I am so fucking sorry you have to go through this. You are a
rtxrt!
Game day pics!
2006 Girls Competitive!
I FORGOT TO RESPOND TO THIS ONE YOOOO THANKS SO MUCH JENNAH I REALLY APPRECIATE IT !!! Much love
RETWEET TO SAVE
Every day spent with Brandon is a blessing, truly perfect
Wow
if i could do prom all over again i most definitely would.
fine ass just liked this tweet, I can Rest In Peace now.
Honey, been here. They suck. I had a breakdown 10 years ago. here if you need to speak.
LOUD album is still my favorite
You deserve the world
Harry Potter
Support this lovely organization!!!! Phoenix my style Pageants!!! Excellent work
Everything's gonna be worth it, I trust in you, G
Goodluck for the peeps who will take prelims, quiz, long test, or final exams today! I know you will ace it
Good afternoon from Japan!
Steve my very special friend
Please have a most blessed day
Girls need love slowed
I try
You are so adorable with your cartoony ways
try to remember
May Allah ease everything tonight
Feliz TE AMO MAMITA
Calseys family always makes me feel like one of them
is home!! And he and danielsinasohn are singing their hearts out.
not sure why but seeing bare feet here makes me want to wrastle with him
Weno me voy a dormir sin el follow de Shawn, sabes que, ya no quiero tu follow ahreno Shawn seguime
such a cutie! love the name, I have a girl named Aurora too
Aw thank you! I love you guys
thanks girl
Awesome to see some growth on the channel from my last video Reckon we could get 430
We're grateful for your post! RT
Weekend getaway and dinner with two of my loves
Hey you a coding like Lauren
Biked around today and caught a lil of Sunday's In the Park... funky Panama 66
Aww thanks love but already gorgeous girl
Thx.. love it
aaaaah tysm bb! i would love to be ur friend
|| Jhakaas Beauty ||
ji
SUNDAY FUNDAY :) HAPPY hours aLL night long come SMOKE & CHILL great VIPE mIx of the day (Blueberry muffins
i love u more plz follow her!!!
Thumbnail + Header Giveaway!
Like + Retweet
Follow Me
Stay Active On My Page
Winner At 100 Followers!
Pulpito de mi
OMG HAI LAOPO
so happy for you
u too babe! finally we've made it hihi
is a literal goddess pls be my friend, I promise not weird
my sister threw her pup a bday party for turning 1. Happy Birthday bud
HAHHAHAHAHA KAHAWUD DIAY NAKO MAG MAKEUP OY
I just love our PRESIDENT SO SO MUCH!!! He always makes me and WE
Toma
Fat Nana is my fave!! I love Fat Nana
Holy crap you just tweeted me you already know, some songs are always the way to go!
then hi jonathan
Fede ti amo
At my house right before everyone went to college
For sure!! Thank you
thank you babe
Its such a suspense not knowing how old your weakest bitch is. Then he admits like 47 and im 20
Tq sir zaidi
It was a great weekend, being surrounded by love and laughter
no thank YOU
good night, princess
2nd show Just to see Jaanu & Ram again
That smile on your face, makes it easy... to trust you
Loved playing around with the ring light today
Look at the bounce
Mine finna be otw
My Loves.... hudson_heinemann_ball_is_life
WTF WE R MEANT TO BE
CONGRATS
Happy birthday brotha ltn
So uh ur secret admirer ur mine what does the mean for us? No homo
We miss you!! wait to go to a bunch of tour dates
it's stupid to demand perfection from myself
My favourite album of all time.
900+ thank you all so much
It's amazing, I love you can follow some acc on instagram about that or see some tutorials
I watch tweets and IG every day.
legend. Good night,
please come back miss you
Te adoro
Take care of yourself
this is why I tell any female get home safe and be I hope she is found safe
Nba x Hold Me Down
This is so so so important
Good morning and once again wishing you a very happy birthday
Arkle & kauto star is the greatest ever they're the ones you called horse of life time , they
Cheeeeeesin with my fave
Aww, we all really miss seeing you play 4 us on an album tour too.
Can't wait 2 see u next year on
Just be careful, okay to take your time to heal
14 riders 3 days and 630 kms of pure fun.
Kishtwar you are awesome and beautiful
Having someone you can talk to all day and never get bored of is probably the best feeling
We missed you
I love you! So thankful for your friendship.
I Love you
Faithful Journey
My dawg, love her lots
You go and be you
Uy
This shit fa a Honest Dm?
Omg this show is the best ever and Chindi shirtless?!!
Yes the love is REAL!
literally been my friend for years I love her well sometimes
I U
Trans rights are human rights
You got my number
If I get my body done and I look good, flaunting it. tag the surgeon
Happy Birthday from Canada. Thank you for all of your cute drawings
you miss to follow one person, follow
I that you survey your ePals & incorporate it into a bigger purpose, like designing the
Ily just know.
The man who made me love him more and more and even more my love for you never being fade
You fine as hell Thank you
Little baby Jude at his first pumkin patch. I love you
Thankyou
lol goodnight taz, i love you forever call me tomorrow
See you soonest, CHS New Kingsmen, LPES Regiment and Phoenix DLC Dami kong time ah. Lol. Competition na
I love you w all my mf heart
Happy Monday
Thanks and yess do that next year in NYC
Update Chara:
speech about not knowing where to sit on the bus... so good.
has never been this aware before.
My condolences... very sorry for your loss I pray for peace and healing for you and your
Un poema
happy birthday B have a great one would you? xoxo
I love you so much. Thank you for being there for me
3 consecutive nights and days, i received long sweet messages from him without asking for it.
I'm so proud of you
MayWard
Forever grateful for and Briana
Bente uno. Thankyou Lord!
Thank you means a lot
Gotta save money for Christmas and my babygirld birthday next year I want something amazing for her
the best thing I never knew I needed. So now so clear, I need you here always.
Thank you mate
Omg only you would actually accommodate that for somebody. What a sweetheart
chris brown cancelled since 2009
Miss you more than ever my love
Thank you, Pete. I hope the Browns win.
Cooky, gracias por hacer el sorteoo
That's beautiful! I'm so sorry for your loss! Sending you and your family love, thoughts, and prayers!
Trying to get back to being a loyal hoe to Zayn!
Thank you
ESTOY MUY ORGULLOSA DE DECIR:
SOY POLINESIAAAA
.. spectacular I recommend this movie to every black person. Oh yeah, bring tissues
Thank you God bless
I literally been working none stop . All for London
here's to my momma!
naraid66
nwrnebfl0$#b$
Simply beautiful.
I love you too Bestfr
I am excite for you ahhhhh safe flight
Welcome home my baby Thank you so much
YASSS It's time for a great show BossLady001:Instagram:
Makeupfan
Happy Birthday my not so little Bibi Bear. You deserve all the best in the world. Keep on inspiring and
My bd and his girlfriend got back together and she back helping with the kiddos
A love never ceases
beautiful and loved sorry you have to live like that I truly understand
Lena Sato
Ok I will !! Thank u for the advice I really be needing people to talk to about stuff !
Goodnight had an awesome stream tonight, s/o to everyone that tuned in!
philippines!
What are you doing right now baby?
I just became a member of Glimmer! Will you join me?
