Coco is the best movie Disney ever made i really cry every time
My body just weak hais hopefully can recover by tomorrow
I hope I havent offended you I shall go and shame myself for being so ignorant in my thinking.
i love you bitch wtf
Ay Hehe. Sorry, hindi nag appear twitter notif sa akin
Same I legit be getting sad out of nowhere
Might as well be
A twice member
And here we all were on that "mo-way" tip, thinking we were some swanky motherfuckers
my favorite show
yes i miss her so much
The greatest weakness of social media, incorrect information is easy to distribute
I'm feeling unwell today so I probably won't be online much
I miss hanging out with them
Sahi h bhae
Humanities homework sucks. Bye.
soft hour
I need to spoil myself with a nice long weave ne bob and a nice bag kulezinyanga ezizayo cos m working class I can't qunga at once
hayatimi hd bir sekilde mahvediyor
ok well i have a lot of hw and study to do today
I rather be in Rosarito right about now
been a long day, I just want some coochie today mane
he did it for junhui and minghao!!
I Stan exo since 2013 yet I can't join this giveaway
Fucking Tired
these are a virus of uneducated egotistical c****!
I miss my babies
Jk head probably trash too like unless your shit is genetically engineered he's not going near it
i really am the best girlfriend missin out
truth untold
fuck I really want standing
5 + 11 you really want a spot on 16 and pregnant
Can you not hurt what's mine? ? ?
Imissyouuuu!!!!
damn we really out here wasting time
I wanna cry. I want to see bangtan & i want to see Namjoon so bad
Same
why are there pet rock accounts on tik tok WHATDHJS
My dad.... can I even sum it down for 30
can't say the same for me
my ex please take me back idc if u hurt me again lonely
I love my crimson chin boi
My heart hurts
Dutta, who?
Well, affluence is one of my criteria in judging historical figures..
always wondered
so upset I finally was able to go to sleep early and look at me just up now and I have work at 4am
I'm so tired.
Juve to ram four past us on Tuesday
over everything time i blackout for the one time
I miss my girl.
and i wasnt able to save either of them
I lost my watch it's not a big deal but that was a birthday present from my dad
why does everyone whos still in denial of their love for jaehyun hate me
I set up my alarm to wake me up at 8 a.m. so I can do more homework but I was too tired so I said fuck it sleep is way more important
00line snk survey corps au
This looks so fun !! The kids where are so Bougie I haven't skipped rope since high school in L.O
these fetus pictures....chief we had better pictures why would u do this
people unfollowing me again like they have a vendetta
I think not impregnating anyone during my Service year should be included in my achievement.
Nollywood has spoilt Corpers
Just been tired man ...
I only have 1 pair of eyes tho I cant watch all of them and dont hate on my baby pls
Boy climbing up my bias list faster than Binnie eating rice
It's affecting 1,198 homes in the area and won't be fixed until 6am smh
ok grandmother
For my dirty lyrics
wish u would call even tho i been picking up but at least i would kno that u miss me even tho tbh
ur ass is safe
wish there was a funny alternative to spare coochie ma'am
i guess it's spare nut sir but it's not the same
I don't want to wake up
Heavy sighs ......
He- he go home for her birthday.. oh
I need someone to talk to
Mission failed
THE FINAL DAY IS HERE!!
But don't be too sad because the amazing action continues!
Watch LIVE!
Mat
take me back to yesterday night please
idk if it was the the harvest cheddar chips or what but your girl is not doing so well right now
they rly be wilding
that's not a lie, all my selfies are on an awkward angle smh
Umm... so... burn the stage movie... I might didn't get to watch it hmmm
Ya allah perks of not living in jakarta everything is so hard when it comes to the fangirl life
Why so emotional self?
No you aren't, you are my clingy 'lil baby.
crazy how people born in 2002 are 8 years old. I feel so old
Pa mist u. Sorry bihira makadalaw.
I miss you, i miss you so bad
3rd pic HAHHAAHAHHA
i just woke up and 4pm
When u see other niggas fucking females n u not lol
*buries you in boba and ice cream*
I hope so
going to pin this one cause I miss her so bad
jeans on jeans but he still makes it look good tho
Yeah I get that aswell
ian really try to hurt you
big tipsy someone take my phone
Congratulations darling! I have very bad anxiety just thinking about interviews and I'll have a few next weeks
my crushie
A lack of jockeys in SA??
theres so much shorter wasnt able to be a part of i miss him so much, what a good man
i blocked u
So Henry lost his first match.
other anon reveal urself im so confused
can someone tell me why tf not in london yet... rude and upsetting
Same tbh but no guess again, opponent
I was taking ass pics and the light in the bathroom turned off by itself and spooked
It was literally nothing but God that helped me get in safe. so sleepy I dozed off driving 3 times & swerved.
Thank you so much my lovely friend
this was me.
sope even a ship at this just a raft
I really just want some pizza
i swear my parents are lacing my food with laxatives so i sneak out to bottom... the homophobia
it's so hard finding a cute case for a galaxy note 8
sympa ta photo de couverture ! Dommage que l'on voit pas Nono
goodnight to my favorite softie cause i love her
Jaded*
I really know who you can do this to a kid, she is just like your own kids, very sad
Yeahhh, I miss them so much hope they will come back here next year
Oui
Uss din insta pay dekha tha ek post I found that so cool
Yes... I'm still in total agony
I'm such a useless bf.. I don't know how to entertain my girl, making her happy and also taking care of her heart haiss...
ofc he'd do that couldn't expected anything else from our canon kings!!
hopefully but in the meantime I have hobi and tae feeding me
ilhoon...... so pretty....
And Sundus Mughees ki bh shadi ho gae
racism and homophobia
Oh I felt this
ofc he'd do that couldn't expect anything else from our canon kings!!
you people are just pretending to like it. Grow up
3 unhealthy years
be my girlfriend
The end always gets me
i don't think i could ever be my true self around my family
gonna be running against Smalling & Lindelof though
I know
But Hobi wanted to sink the ship
I just want Kawaki to be introduced
Can't find my nightmare before christmas dvd
someone explain this to me please
a few hot guys at the gym tonight but none of them on Grindr
right???
3. i am currently single don't trust boys
I'm speechless . E don finish for Nigeria.
Working at this hour is ungodly
manga dazai looks like he belongs in fyodors squad hes acceptable when he smiles
sunggyu: that shit hurted
me too sis brain cells: 0.5
cant go back to sleep
Bu ankette bize spoiler
Change my profile name as well as my profiel pic since I found someone using profile name ... so pls stay with
Yeah shit it white chocolate with raspberry sauce
Hello. Who's having a today? I'm not show me ya roast tatties!
Sorry mate, I have zero ideas as to London establishments
Very disappointed still thinking
Literally fuck every one
its so sad that andy has to deal with me and brianas crackhead hours delusional hours is next
If I was cute I would sooooooo take advantage of taking pics of myself but sadly not
You really a whole goddess
pero the fact na wala siya in the first place
mayhaps we are in love
we were just FRIENDS back then
Except that punch is to the dick
rest in piece
it was laggy
What about southy
man im so hungry i really dont feel like doing all that
omg wtf howd you get this pic of me
I wanna change my lay-out even though it looks bomb asf
Syg gak sm aq?
why are u doing this to me i wanna lick them. am I a pervert or sth
can you please come to edmonton? i'm having a hard time and i need to get lost in your words
i want user ashton 5sos to see this please
someone was following me around in the game and it honestly creeped me out....
Even then... We'd still be going thru it
Cool it
so sorry bro.
I cry knowing that i'll probably never meet Anyo or Baron, esp since they didn't even come to SoCal for a worldwide tour
i regret to inform u all......i never got into big time rush feels weird even saying that out loud........
We miss you too
been right
damn just trying to let some emotional distress out
OMG WHY NOT
and anyway ge you're so cute i wanna pinch uwu
cb97 is never coming back
I'm so sad cause I don't think I'll be able to get to Sydney on time for Taylor why tf did I have to have a major exam on the same day smh
thank you queen
Someone edit Taylor holding that so I can imagine her doing it to me
I want smth to do while I'm studying if this flop, pls pretend that I never tweeted this
make my kung fu panda thread go viral so people will understand my feelings
life on rms first mixtape still got me in my feelings
Bro I realized I was hungry when I passed by every food place that was opened
looking at all these comments as an Aussie makes me disappointed
GUYS LISTEN TO ME NEVER PLAY IN HONG KONG SERVERS!!!!!! UPLAYABLE EYE WAS LOSING TO BOTS!!!!! be streaming again soon
how do you tell a boy you wanna hang out with them without being rude
im poor
Wow ang lapit huhu in dire need of button downs
Why I post selfies A lot
Oh non...
why
alex shaved his head right before my concert
Oh no. Will you have to cancel?
Could all be a ruse to arrest hackers. Have seen journalists called anti nationals.
I hate being let down by Batman, especially Kevin Conroy
oof i miss cherry taekook
I tried hahaha you have similar facial features to the few scorp risings I know
My day is already off to a bad start
Am going to have to ban myself from buying merch. Or get rid of some. Pretty sure I need 4 Ocean Grove shirts.
I need treats for myself
Set a date meet u there
Ashton Irwin deserves the world, but the world deserve Ashton Irwin
I remember when I got in trouble Bc I woke my sister up due to me talking mad shit
Life is so unpredictable! RIP Anchor Kaustav Roy
omg guys olivia is written my cousin
Damn.......Why the hell am I so stupid???
Nna it's not only you o
After all the food I ate last night
If only you are bisexual and aren't dating Pegs....
i'm scared
It's that time of year I'm glad that you are feeling better. xxx
WROW sometimes it's sad when your old hs friends don't like you anymore honestly...? i've really tried to make
can u like stay here for a while . nice a cold now
yas
RT RT Not what was hoping for from his front row start
T'es pas la pomme pourri roooooh
so awful it x
dms are closed
Come on, don't be like this to your mom. It's just 8 years difference anyway
Welcome back
After all of the Drana!
Finally I got back my account
Je
it's been a rough night
See the followers but still no updates can't
Amen
I wish I was still on Facebook so I can post going to Pretoria and actually get a lift I honestly
I knoww
Ill watch it when subs are out, gnite
I'm sorry about the second house fire
i just want to watch atypical why is everyone happening and stopping me from doing so
i had smth worse i could have said
update | has not followed yet
Damn im feeling extra unloved in this bitch tonight
Nobody speaks Turenshi in here?
Thank you so much sweetie
and really lacking that vitamin c(oochie)
Hotel room & flight booked. Now I'm broke
just saw this tweet
Why just say a simple hi to me ?
been loyal tho
I'm ready to sleep.. to bad I have 4 more hours of work
sorry not to be that bitch but matty saying he recorded 102 literally made my heart stop that will always be my favorite song idc
help my seluar about to terlondeh this is an emergency
life on the first mixtape still gets me in my feelings
goodnight i miss edwin
I can feel now imma be up for a while....
Fuck im 30 with goofy with a mature mind
I had no idea it was this late
Ugh I love him sm thank you
so i did cut it a bit more but i liked it better before now i gotta wait till it grows back
Someone taught my mom the word and I wanna fight them.
What is this kid doing in an important meeting like this
hurted but true
For sure. Heckler in Belfast yesterday yelling about 'our jobs for our people', so that hasn't gone away
missing our acap wilshere
My depression is in high level and so broke from inside
Like how You helped through all this time, help me through this too
Another wrong move. Hayyyyy
Tell me about it. Sighs.
Ericka really told me become retarded at night
missed you too I SHOULD BE BACK ONLINE NORMALLY NOW THAT ALL THIS FAMILY WEDDING SHITES DONE
is anybody in team trick
dear, she wanna hear ur voice before she goes to sleep
wants my nudes
Not to be me but can Renjun and Zeren interact once nct china debuts
I hope my Dad has errands to run today so I can go back to school today and not tomorrow.
I need someone to talk to
throwback to the best time ugh
their fries indeed the best though, i still move on but its all on my stomach already
nsfw picture: reminds me of my horny
me:
Pls b friends with me.....
sleeping with one rn
Never felt this lonely before
If solji loses today, it will be against this "mi shil"
I wish. Got to take the other half for a hair cut
Disappointed with Brandon Ingram. We're 0-2 and he pulled the team down on this mess. CP3 on the other hand
almost is never enough
Hello sleep someone hmu
Wait no subs have to wait then omg 3am let me go to sleep now
He deserved to be with his family again but in the end his death and the video were crucial. At least he didn't die in vain.
Oh well, they needed the win, but at our expense.
Love you yugyeom
What so he will miss match against Madrid ...get well soon
Sooo sleeepy . Sooo uncomfortable
I'm just a soul whose intentions are good oh lord please don't let me be misunderstood
this whole and warriorpsds got a bitch cause u do you yawn in here
Woooow reading through some of my moms writings about her failed marriage..dang she was really broken
One of the worst mindsets is when you feel like you have to take the blame for everything
My bedroom on the bed most probably. Because I have no friends
victon can't relate, the only men i trust
I asked my little brother to sleep in my room because I'm scared but I forgot little homie snores & now I can't sleep
Feeling: sleepy
.... when the color is starting to fade
it be like that huh
Hey I did something for the first time in my life
have a look pls
Hope you like it
GBR im so sorry
i miss playing bo2 and mw3
Can Bighit please hire translators so people can watch without having to wait for fandom translators to sub it for us?
i wish i had self control but here i am streaming again even though i should be studying
so hard but what I can do i was try my best ,thank you so much dear friend beautiful from you
Sucks not getting the full attention
is everybody dead.
y/n is the only love interest that matters
Rindu zaman defender man united power nokharom
namjoon studying the unicef speech over and over he really is a whole role model
Missing download is what about. Download fucking 2018 is what its all yes ! Best
Why do moments fly by so fast?...wish they could last forever
I've only finished 1 chapter from 6... and I have 2 subjects for tomorrow exam... why am I so lazy..
well targets closed now!!
woke up after falling asleep only an hour ago and my throat is on fire
I was gonna put rotten to the core but Dino have an r in it
He got me yesterday with fake NHL tickets Currently fighting to get my money back!!
i have 270 people but
1) too lazy
2) feel like it
3) tired
4) i like some of the people
huh- not yet but i really wanna watch it!
Ambo pon klate tp
I need my nap
Scary, it?
b-base... i'm not on the masterlist.
Sorry
Hirap magmove on
You were always problematic I see
Bodo amat,,,,,,,,,
...!
I wanna text her so bad but I just know.
he's gonna feel lost without his magic and get drunk and be sad
i lied. i want dio ringtones/text tones but idk where i'd get them
What if this is just a dream I chose to dream of? And remains just a dream?
I know I be,
but still here if you need me
We miss him, tactically too. His forward runs helped us under Valverde. And his winner mentality
i'm confused wtf i just woke up
Come on, this country is divided enough as it is.
You fucked me up last night
Missing home
What horrible horrible people... this is terrible
sjshdkjd Xingpark why ... they could just translate the Korean words into Chinese. it was in Chinese anyway
i want my long hair back
pas il 3 ans Bataclan "
This wine and these feels are not a good combination
yes o..
You know who lah.
Sad but true.
Allah is the best planner
no enstars on main why do u know his used to stan
I am being a slave of my own thinking
i found a few gay memes
It was the wine
Heartbroken Both my Baby Boys passed away this weekend It was very sudden and not sure if virus or poisoning.
i'm so confused what happened with the billboard thing, pls i just wanted to sleep and i missed a whole ass theory thingy
I hv to tell yu this
Lmao neman suna! May Allah bring an end to these crimes in this country sigh
Sometimes A Simple Goes A Long Way Instead Of Trying To Justify Your Actions
They hate us all
Bus journey
even though you didnt sing faiy! You did so amazing sorry about your guitar strap ripping apart
big baby
This El Classico will be like Burnley vs Newcastle
lol ive failed the science community but you saved the cutie committee
Noah fence but every Aquarius met or known have been cry babies
Dont you miss to hug your lil cat?
God bless you dear.
Our generation just have too many interpretation of everything
hes so pure why would anyone even say he's the traitor.. my baby just wants a kith
before i posted this it was already saved but I saved it with an "i"
it really be like that huh
tired leave me
Why do decide to ft when I get rid of Snapchat
Need someone to talk to
I had one job
No
Shopping temporarily fixes everything for me
that sucks, Nasir pop over a full postcode and we'll take a look at this >RG
I handle the pain anymore...
I'm starting to hate my forehead
Not this headache
you know what happens during these hours
AYUUUUK TAPI KITA SELINE JADI BESTIAN MAU NGGA ?
Priorities are in the wrong place, instead of securing bag you come to tell Twitter
shet! *now playing ilysb stripped*
I
. . .
7. forever iconic hsm
Global inequality.
I spend more than that daily on cigarettes.
that coming along?
This is a really quality tweet and NO ONE gets to notice it...
Vaseline broke up with me
lonely too
Never receive them
I need it for xbox one
I reposted it BUT STILL. MINJOON FOR LIFE
Sorry
I need to know you right now
Merci bcpp Serge
you know what happens during these hours
it's reminding you that i love your single brain cell very much
CBDNDJJSKS but getting the bread ain't all fun and games
Be aware!
Oh shit. My anxiety kills appetite and my insomnia has been real bad
wtf u keep saying
copy
then u badmouth
then U ALSO DO THE SAME WHERE THE FUCK IS THE LOGIC MAN... WHERE
Why am I not that big? My dad and his small boy genes
why wasnt this song out last year
cought some jenlisa feelings again
Rondo got punched in the face too! But now he's a Laker. I'm so confused
that's true. this is sadly the best i can do
LHO IYA BEDA DRAJAT KITA
My mind is still in party mode
Quite poinigant to see Les Sealey restraining David Rocastle. Both sadly passed away in 2001
Same. Exactly the same
Chris fucked up big time
I want milk tea
im slowly becoming isaiah
U FORGOT WE SHARE THE SAME BRAIN SO NOW I ALSO THINK ABOUT IT
Sun: Oct 14
First time going back to church. RIP to Rev Huston he will be very missed. But glad to have
Today was... an unforgettable experience for me.. may this album hit it big also.. Amen
currently here moa,,, we goin svt hours: [OPEN]
How did we lose that game Orlando, how ffs
Miss ko na
Yes, yes it was honey
And there were only 3 sites to choose from!
27 shots, 6 on target, 4 decent chances....0 goals 0 points. It's not looking good
it's okay chi at least they are happy
After you've found out your good enough wasn't good enough
i'm scared my phone will die and i won't be able to show them my e ticket for the coach back
black haired minhyuk is deeply missed
I miss
HAPPILY SUPPORTS GEON WHEN HE ISN'T TEASING HER AHAH. Omg shsshhdh he'd pull it off still for sure .
i shall not associate myself with people above 151
Sucks too eccentric to hang out with you. Sorry not normal..
so . another schedule today right
when your all your friends Snapchat story thumbnails are the same, u know the feeling
phone i rosak and i format all the memories i had with you for this 3 years. Nothing left , not even a single picture of you. Im sad
or when people thinks i'm being difficult and mysterious when all they never do is Ask
Exo bullied them so hard that luhan ended up following minseok on ig even after years so sad
why sungwoon take lessons from daniel n post random selfies as a response to ppls posts on fc
Why sub everything but these BBs??
He was wrong with the 1st eleven,my thought tho
No
And it won't be forgotten how pro EU sky is
What? Why?
Jgh
ahg gusto ko tumambay sa bahay ng one week ff to december please
They wanted to shoot them all why?
Why do i never get a single non-anon cc?
I have accepted it...
. . .
12. cute things! like puppies and kittens
Baby RJ with his dads namjin
i genuinely drink smirnoff ice to sober up
2jae owned just right era if only the song and the outfit weren't so cringy
omg this love story
the struggle
we all? are you saying better than zuko?
Needing some major prayers for our family and town
So sorry for your loss my condolences
life is a big btch but i tg for (at least/most) giving me good friends and a great fam esp my (sugar-like) sis
Idk what to do anymore idk
Oh I miss taes pink hair
rj get his own seat
Then nagfla-flashback lahat
I think made to take the longest routes than everyone else
I just want to sleep forever
Assholes (2)
43. Can I pick unicorns instead
everyone always talks abt go won.. nobody ever talks about stop lost
Mais nan
I-I love it
carrd wip !! i hope i'm doing okay
Man I wish I can relate
Yep :( I do my masters uni Wed - Fri and then work Sat & Sun and then Mon & Tue I do my assignment for uni haha x
Don't know how much longer I can drag this out
>about to go to bed
>sees tons of pictures of tacos in my feed for some reason
>gets super craving for tacos
>goes to bed taco-less
Im not ready nak hilang ibu atau ayah. I cant live without both of you, i swear!
mirad a mi vida entera
But your Jeno is way more cruel than me, unnie.
so sleepy PLEASE GET THE FUCK OUT OF MY FACE and give him a pillow and blanket
I feel like my maybe either pushing me away or falling out of love with me. It feel very good I
Me a few months ago driving from Sun City at 03:30 am. These two speed humps just magically appeared
Szkoda
It's UK only unfortunately. Sorry
Thanks for checking in though.
KAGET DOOONG
MAU NGESHIP TAPI GAK BISA
SORRY
I miss home so much.
vmin are really dead they
I must repent for my sins
Aight over it
Must be the worst
a thousand years..
the amount of times i pull that face and say that phrase in real life is unbelievable
I drove all around and eventually got donuts from Prospur. I still can't believe it
Wallpaper lang sa ta.
48. I have a crush djdjjdjd sorry boring
mocking my misery
Its hard times like I this I wish goon was home for, really my peace
I know that feeling
Being silent doesn't make me shy.
Ignoring phone calls doesn't make me
Staying Home doesn't make me
grandma down
So many good movies to watch. No one to see them with.
My thoughts when I was lagging and you hit me into lava
me too m glad well n still v delicate
lemme kith
I just pray the best for you
So
it's missing dazai hours fellas
makin cakep ae.....
the love of my life
chuu deserves to rest, let her be.
why am i so broke
Curve balls left and right
how could i hate somebody in my top ten
any doctors out there willing to remove my tonsils right now immediately
Same but he hates me
in booty shorts and a college tee ... so no
wiNwIn
Please give him love, hug him
I prefer grey, rainy days
jimin is fr only one inch taller than me... we practically the same height i could never wear my sexy ass stilettos around him
Fornite is a cancer
stop dragging oikawa into this i resist supposed to be the point
B YOU SAID YOU WERE GOING TO SLEEP.
. . .
16. starbucks' banoffee pie
it is official calum hood has me muted
How about Produce 101?
I miss Jeongguk's scrunch
his name is BILL have some respect katherine
bro i hope he doesnt upload himself yelling at joke
bueno que descanses uwu
Then who- I only know one harry
Yerim ask me to join, so yeah i join her like why not. i don't lie mom, and don't call me pinoseulgi.
:gun: at this point
This pleeeeease again
Imissyou already oinky
I was pretty sure I knew how to read them.. so only woke up 1 hour early
j**l**s* really is the weakest song from the album it didn't make justice to all the masterpieces the album has
everyday i see people being scared that their favorite group would stalk their fans on twitter
New loc.
why I gotta fat ass for if I shake it
im sorry chan... but ur hair is just a no ...
Mood !! For days
Me neither rough rn
Taking tea and drinking water and same time minding my business
Why they leave her be for a bit ffs
I can't wait for this Natsume to be in the revival events so I can make up for not ranking for him
King
we love you
life is so precious, everyone. found out the saddest news tonight be sure ur telling everyone you hold close that you love them.
But no one ever gives me back the same energy i give them
ill probably still end up liking him a bit cus i got a fucked up character type but itlll be against my will
we all know where my money is going once i get my pay
how do some girls take selfies w/o filters. like a whole new level of confidence.
Tahun nie birthday no meaning anymore. Except with my family
ok we both love each other equally as
im the epitome of janky
Swear she never believes me
i love you the most
A friend wants to see a picture of you, should I let them see one? What if they fall in love with you? I'll
morgen just does not have the same ring
sad to get to this point of and still have not seen any renovating
rip indeed
Rmadrid has shattered his dream already.
I am sick of waking up everyday and feeling like this
why am i up rn like i dont got work tomorrow
i really have that dumb everyday jake paul song stuck in my head
Can't sleep again tonight feet are burning too much to sleep
theyre rly showing us their private jet like this
so proud of bts I really do hope they know that
give me 5 cm
so sad that many people still believe that LGBTQIA+ people are incapable of long-lasting commited relationships
Bcs i took your ss
Too sad Aunty even have mercy to take one
They should bring their binouculars
Reverse direction with the current FG.
Wow if how i feel is what it really is then
I even actually believe these stories but if it actually happens, Then Oh well
Can I be his makeup artist
Bts are the best support group EVER! Prepping for the speech, at the event and afterwards they love namjoon so
Man every time I wanna put a pic from my camera roll into my IG story, that shit comes out pixelated asf smh
lo siento is ****** than otra vez
i want grapemon god pls
i feel like such a downerjsjzj sorry anyway
i will serve that tea even it means falling to my knees
Followed this one back coz very beautiful but such a pick me ai man
is it even worth making
Hope you enjoyed it ! Shame we get what we deserved!
IM TRYING I PROMISE SJSKKS
this pic is cursed to me now because i got him dragged
Crustin
Because where's the fun in pretending to be educated I haven't even entered uni yet !
Sorry to hear about the second house fire
happy heavenly birthday babygirl.
im just need my father and my girl right now.
My voice so ugly rn
wish I could be there
I think u has a bf that thinks u suck
Living here is getting increasingly difficult for so many.
I have no idea what saying except that about UN so im just recording whatever
my fave boys ily
isn't in the regular lyric say 'i just make a million and im still not satisfied' hyung?
Press f to pay respects f
I miss Path
I NEED PATH.
Why do I always get sick at the worst possible time?
hw always talks like this
HDGHDHG in the morning
you know my thoughts are running loose it's just a thing you make me do
Just woke up and wala paring aral sa psych.
I thought a friend but he reported me
hEEEyyyYy follow and I
I just want to crawl in a hole somewhere and never come out
Yes, I have. And we aren't that close anymore
How about you? Did you ever met that kind of person too?
Were you sleepy, Chaewon? Your typo
laughing at my own uglio hulio joke that no one would even understand
I so do wish understand
new shoes please
Hardest thing in a break up is deleting all the photos and sorting through your things to return their stuff
me bate
I miss my mom
Its 2:30 am &&' you aren't home , NICE .
21. the beautiful thing about jihope is that they r both tinies,,,, and therefore always cuddle comfortably
Rest in peace.
thanks
im as tall as him
I need one of those MIB things to zap my whole brain away
are j*mys mad? like i know some of them were apparently complaining a few days ago but so quiet
non-aussies are so dumb
we have EMUS as pets.. get it right..
the life of xiyu
it subtracted from his beauty
I miss nightcore
also if y'all have tumblr you should follow me on there i was a lot more active on there during my anime days
Da wakh ba hum teer she..
Sorry i give up kia... Mujhme itni himmat nhi h
Yea cheer up mah boy
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
if it was you and vidic in our defence today we would have won the game
We missed on a HEAP of WR prospects in the 2016 class. SMH
omg someone filmed me screaming during the npc fm
I miss this text
He's realising the extent of his love for Joon
No matter how painful you made me feel, I still understand why I love you this much.
ughshd yeah it will definitely be crazy! ahh thank you thank you need all the luck i can get
omg U* not I, god I hate autocorrect. makes me sound self-centered smh
I love this boy with all my heart
Why mad tho Mom?
Mom how are you? Sampe lupa nanyain kabar mom lagi eo
Also rats mass reported
The feelings coming back..
for the first time in forever seungie unnie said she loves me, mayhaps I should celebrate it.
sorry pledis it's not it
Im the only mf with none of them damn blankets
my only screenshot from the new episode
pimples on my forehead. not this again
Rip saythename_17
Chan you're saythename_17's last hope
ahh another intellectual I see
listening to a star is born soundtrack while cramming
OH YOU'RE RIGHT. i missed out on yu yu hakusho in my childhood, how utterly sad.
sleep jovan makes me laugh too hard
never blocked by anyone
Awkieee. Puro quiz this week
kent koop mahallesi yine doldu
why do i always take 237384 screenshots of their videos that never even use anyway
when do you teach me about jangjun so I can become whipped too
Jesu Christi.
Money to build house.
9 *12 months *400naira.
Minus those times it would come twice a month.
Jeez
I'll do a fluff one later to mend your heart
So you guys pretty much lost all the rare/unreleased stuff on streaming
Bbajjduak unnie . . . I thought you were inactive
Yavuz ve Bahar
more like he's stealing my selfie concepts
i know b-but i can't compete with jisung's cuteness
KOK UKENYA MAU DIAJAK UKE X UKE
yo my dumbass really stepped on glass & got blood everywhere
Unfortunately I don't think I can forget the way you made me feel...
namjoon practiced n revised The Speech so hard i love him
Torn ligaments in my foot so no race for me today. Walking around London is going to be fun too. Absolutely gutted
I'm sorry
All these bulbs and you light up my world
it really be like that huh
the Ingram in the squad
Hear me out, but you donttt wannna talk bout it
same
No girls then??
ok that hour nap do anything but make me more tired but up
Yes i am thats why not online much last week also
Lucky
Im only one call away
I Know That Feel
hey iro slanderer When i said i want a non-anon cc i didn't expect it would be YOU!!
Jk tq~ u always grant
You left me
You are monkey as well
I just found out I have a condition that makes me eat when I can't sleep.
It's called insom-nom-nom-nom-nom-nia.
Still a big fan of but thanks for the burns from the porridge I left it to settle too.
love is blind some of people tend to buy those things even though the person not here anymore :((
more than just rude
GM Sunshine
back to sq 1...!
Sooo soon...!!??? never
god gave enough reasons to believe abt
out here starving
bir tanesi
I luv you babe
Oh Leo. Get well soon. Weekend ruined
oof... kids need to stray away
when will bangtantv come through and give us the eng subs we deserve
I feel sorry for children like this. Imagine being taught foul language by your "responsible adult". It's abusive.
di ko pwede weekends. naa jui mag solo flight mowatch og Burn The Stage ani
Hi,,hello,,is there anyone out there normal?? pls hmu desperate
10:32 here
I want my car back
i wanna steal his jacket
believe not working holiday in the park anymore now I have to pay for hot chocolate but at least I
please
Just seen this
They're not! Some are a lot nicer.
2 weeks. 2 weeks without you. 2 weeks without your lunch visits. Just promise me you go to banes without me
After everything... I still love you..
with that outfit, he can never be in a position to question anything
too busy cumming
blue haired jimin: the best concept to ever exist
do ever forget that not today even exists???
Only 3 hours but it been more .. lol i love my
This is shocking! That poor woman then the stupid flight attendant asks HIM if ok!!
beef on mung daal impersonation twitter
.... my fiancee is a big ass tease but I love him
TF U MEAN AM I SURE OF COURSE I AM and ooo panda express yummy HALF OF YALL ARE COWARDS FOR NEVER INTERACTING
and they say it in the wrong voice
I did
if u are lucky u might be able to earn enough to buy urself an egg sandwich....
That song was akin to soft porn for the family
buying a new computer desk has been on "to buy list" for like 3 years now
Stuck at 5K
So come to my Halloween FBR!
Please!! Check my resisters
I want macaroni and cheese
I can't see it
hurry up with the picture.. taeil has to be at the senior home by 6
just want a shibe
i have a problem i have too many saved usernames
I lost braincells, they are really bitter hah
Wish I was there have fun
little love you at the end
he knows what we go through and he loves us so much please
Yep... then send a second... just to reinforce it... People are really starting to pain me
You had disappointed me I thought you were a better person , I thought you won't....
ten if you're alive please post a picture,, i need more content
Yes, this movie is so sad
remember me when ur famous
Wow Mourinho really brainwashed our prince
All these bulbs but you still bright up my world
A thread. Feel free to add yours
come back to london
In Plymouth having dropped mum & aunt off at church. Wish I felt virtuous. Just feel tired
Never
well you actually texted me@when i tweeted that so nvm
Hey i wonder how was heaven when i left it ?
I can't
omw hug time waiting
up dm me
i just posted but now i wanna draw payback time
upset i blow drake a kiss when i had the chance
Shuuu heartbreak can really break you, Domo is going through the most
Looks like we can't get the Pixel in South Africa
he though
So many Korean fans trying to sell off their tickets for the remaining games of Worlds.
A little sad that come to this.
my prayers for Omar Abdulrahman
ugh tea! she really made it longer and given it the promo it deserved
Damn I just remembered this my night ruined now
i need one (1) person to freak out with does anyone volunteer
A bitch need sum luv
hes gonna either pop off or get pooped on by poppy/tahm/camille
was not here to kill this spider ... I just know right now ...
shouldn't have released my ep when aomf are asleep
super pretty I wish I was taller heckkkk no, I gotta buy my xl jeans online
We will never but you do always
Only because sleepy again and go
now we wait for thesubs bc i watched 19mins of the boys speaking and i probably understood like 3 things
Does anyone in Manchester recognise this fluff? She has been dumped by some heartless poohead
We will never but you do always
Wishing I had him to come home too
Thank you Did it for the stans
I love The way you Lie
ubos na daw tickets for the pvl games sa batangas coli sa sundayy :((( ateneo vs creamline pa naman yun i want to watch
i hate you
this is a SCAM
hello i miss ariana so much
How fucking depressing
Knowing him be diamond encrusted or something so ion even blame you
This. Is. Getting. Out. Of. Control. Please God, from the bottom of my heart, protect us.
pls follow me ily
Ah ok
This has been the quality of my enquirers lately
I am missing my good clients
i finally start tweeting about suju again and this is what you have to say damn right i'm never talking to you again
my heart is breaking into a million pieces LLJ
do half japanese girls still do it to you every time?
WHY THE FOOD. I would never softblocking my fellow LOONA member, worry not Chacha
It's only because people won't be reasonable and just agree with me all the time.
my head hurts so much this is fucked
Jk is a cutie
until when? walang uniqlo dito sa bulacan
Phr sahi h
Received
if y'all think jaemin pulled off pink hair vote for him
I have to wait 13 days until I check the shelter ...
i always expect some spicy gossip when you say guess what but im always fooled
im still sad abt two girls from the bts studio line i didnt take contact to
Uwi ka na... di nako galit.
Miss you
that time of the night where my words are slurred and i sound like a guy who just woke up
Hard letting go of someone you thought was gonna be there forever
excited but the last time I saw her was at MSG
hi i hope nct are eating a lot..... and being happy. and getting the right amount of rest. I love them uwu
i didnt care before but the stage and all are really nice i kinda wish i was there
/ When you wake up at 4am with your phone cuddled in your hand because you fell asleep talking to Paris.
it's jaehyun actually sorry to burst your bubble. oknO
not one but a venom friend
( lrt. senpai teach me. )
te amo
literally a meter of me gone denise I do that
jungkook.exe has stopped working
our relationship may be rocky but you can't deny that they post the best previews (I mean that's the
come chat
My layout
up 4 no reason someone hmu
There goes my chances on getting the tickets thru the agent coz like always, half of them will go to scalpers
some mistakes but i'm tired. i hope the real suju stans can understand me i'm too old and i need to sleep
I've watched MH for as long as I can remember and don't think I've seen you as sacred. Genuinely felt awful for you xx
Certainly not the way want your day to go sure. I hope doing ok!
phone on 1 wit no charger
that the last pic of mac n ari too
Been listening to by a lot lately.
Sometimes I have a moment of madness and realise I might be crazy
Me too, but ever goes my way
i wanted to add music too but i couldnt think anything help me
maybe he wanted to be between them
i thought it was cute
A horror movie buddy please kahit para lang dito
Me too, but nothing ever goes my way
People have flooded the streets
Watership down Gave me nightmares
karma really out there being a Fine Ass Man huh ,,, i want one
our national anthem is literally a sad playlist
\
|| \_
why does my oc look like elliot rodger and j-hopes lovechild
Internship
be sad anymore or i will be really sad.
we were just being nice namaste aunty if ur seeing this
Everyone work towards me
Well, yesh.
But I can't also deny I really miss his presence. He used to be a part of people whom I cherish so much.
I actually woke up cause my cat was being so cute but I got distracted. She's snoring so loudly in her sleep
I wanna try nana's coffee recipe but nana had told us not to follow his bad habit
I've watched MH for as long as I can remember and don't think I've seen you as scared. Genuinely felt awful for you xx
fiat 500 twitter+stan twitter=local gay twitter
Sorry for the 'ugly censor'. I don't want to reveal my phone number and location
dam its almost 4 am for me i havent slept yet
God help us... Frankie slept all night, so neither have we. not very well She just
*relationship
good morning!!! hope yall slept well i love min_yoongi so much
my sad self ka/pwing no more space to download apps
girl had a wattpad like story should of ran with it
These bitches got boring
Why am I like this?
when she say she give head
my wcw out there getting drunk and grinding on some fool to no hands by waka flocka right now
yo this is cute man
iloveyou but im sorry
Jollibee earlier
I wish I could watch you while you're reading my messages or post... what kind of faces do you do? What kind of thoughts do you have?
See your baby face
Oh no that would have been awful to go through, but your mum was amazing to have fostered them ahh
Thoughts are with you, Lorraine
he a dumbass
I avoid every form of fights . But if you will disturb my peace . I will open up a mental arena for us to battle . Good luck
oomfie the jaepil fic wAIT FJSJFJSJFJFJJF
evan is younger than me but way taller than me
West House FC remembers the Abervan disaster
Morata is a big problem in this system man
damn i know passed away RIP
Hey, will you ever get the gold embroidered caps back in? I missed grabbing one
jin brings rj everywhere he's the best dad
Nope
already out there in the public domain unfortunately but delete it in a sec
works for them so well and not so much for us.
should I stop or nah?
My problem is not going to church but d laziness to get prepared on a Sunday morning, it's a constant struggle.
L A W D
FJSJDJDJD she started it
As is one of my favs.. I could not watch her sharing screen with Balayya I adjure Tamannah ji
i got two keys no chest
my stummy hurt, therefore, having trouble going mimis
sorry for kpop on main guys but it's only gonna get worse with exo's new album out soon
Please
*whispers* they likely know how semicolons work either
Facts
leaving a bow of water and a CD player playing joji so emily can find her way back home
Ra jewa sometimes but basically ya
Saw the video too. Poor lady
not fuckin rocket science (@versincenewyrk)
goals.........that takes true dedication i respect that
people with bpd r sensitive to change in people and it hurts, it feels lke we r bein wlked away from or
My mood quickly changed from hype to simp where at?
I'm waiting for eng subs
Would you love me then
Only dating huh
Yeah, pupster fell down a banking yesterday into the river and she's hurt. Poorly hip again. Proper stressed
Ke gore motho o tla mo threatena pele gore a dule ko car seat
harry couldn't relate i wish he would skdjsj
it's recovery from a heartbreak
thank you o wise samatha
nothing is real anymore
i..... am not into hybrids but also you should show me some, for science
I think we're friend, Lip.
I know. I put it out here because we need to be aware these things are present all over, even
Torn between please love me and i'll stop cause i know you can't
RIP the innocent
phat sigh
taeil rly said fuck moonctzen lives
WHY DOES PEOPLE CALL ME ANYTIME.
Want to go home
Take care
We'll pray for you ...
Be strong
Even Google doesn't even know what Funai is
Omg why
No one to blame but yourself lanis.
Pls I just outed myself so horrible with birthdays
I LOVE love you omg my heart can't take it
Machn Machn y Machn ynna koluringa
Heartbreaking! Similar happened to my two cats So feel for you....hard to make sense of it ((hugs))
Give those 40 people some love they are in need
damn youre right what an intellectual
Same
I just realized that Yoongi hasn't post a single selca here in Europe and now I'm sad
Why do his boobs jiggle more than mine when he jumps
What is wrong with me?
Girls suck too
It looks so beautiful for me. White and clean.
a little red bag for a little teeny man
Reality..!
Just saw a whole ass mom with a child busting it down with slides and velour pants in the middle of the party. Worried bout the lil kid
Oh no, this is disappointing to hear Alan If you pop the packaging or receipt into store when you
Not being able to be with the girl you want
they all should have picked one piece im most disappointed in jimin
gross
The irony
I KNOW IT'S NOT HARD BUT.. i want to be Felix
But being Minghao isn't a big deal as well so yeah-
So sad
Here I am feeling special bc I turned myself into a devil
One of the saddest emails I've ever received.
sorry
the way it automaticlly went right on taehyungs i am - B L E S S E D !!
August was so long ago please come to Ontario again
yes but with you around its getting smaller
come to manchester
I-i still haven't uploaded it.. I'm not really satisfied with it so I'm a bit hesitant
wHAT tHe fUCk iM eMo
I finally made a snapchat I feel like a local
Hmm I know I was wrong
Day 1 of I Miss Courtney And Wish She'd Come Back
Its worth to try. Hehe
about to pay a huge amount of money for a meal just bc sick of raw vegetables ALREADY this detox is really pushing me
My husband would get ( don't know who i am ) drunk now im by myself excepting regardless of the fact our marriage gunna be alright
I miss them so much my fab 4
I need a night like that
I hate to think...
wish were here
i adore chan but that hair ain't it
i wanted 2 do this but u beat me 2 it
Today my 1 and half year old son said why do they hate us but love our sigh too young to be thinking like this
Internationals struggle way to much we deserve this
Hi
can you get a wallpaper for Lucy or Erza please?
No Messi
No Ronaldo
It's going to be boring
No hay after ?
Woke up feeling like I could give someone in heaven a phone call just to update her on happening down here.
craving for sweets
am i the only one who loves their hairstyles?
The sadness I need this time to be with you
We're fine it's not like we're dying to get a selca or anything for the past week
it cute ITS EMBARRASSING
everyones outfits arent even ugly (excluding changbin im so sorry) yall are just mean
someone unfollowed me after i posted pics of myself i see how it is
So harry not being with his mom for her birthday makes me sad
Yaaahhhh
still doesnt have me blocked until now
Condolences.
Your Grandma sounds like she was an amazing, and compassionate
my minjoon heart
Up late thinking of the rounds I get back
Well...
A fault in using again...
But he said his English ability is not so good yet, he said he just
im going to work
if anyone wants to sponsor me concert tickets for bts, pls hmu
Have to admit I know that song
i- i really want a friend like jimin
But talking about important things: I miss Like... really deeply miss her...
When will jenlisa breath again
Bukan kedekut ilmu but i dont know how to teach people, sorry
HELP !! never showed up to eat so assuming lost please if anyone has any idea where
Watched a vloger going to shooting range and he picked a pistol out of all those beautiful snipers.
No, still saying there no known issues
i cannoth because 3am and a sleeping baby nextht to meh but tell athley imma beat her assth
i know uve always been happy without me kan
will i still be able to get tickets for
burn the stage on wednesday
You will have to be. For you. For your family. For your children. You have to feed them somehow
just up I hate crazy dreams
Baru selesai datang bulannya I ate the last indomie for breakfast hehehe
At the hospital
when will jongin and bogum feed us already
it doesnt have impact HSJSJSKS KAU ADE KELEBIHAN SHUSH.
sorry it's funny
me waiting for to DM me and ask me my size and addy
I'm not WJSN sunbaenim but can you give me a follow, Sunbae? I'm a fan of yours.
LE GRAND SOURIRE DE JIMIN I-
I even get a call back
its a jacket but still
idk when tmrw's vid will be up bc editing down footage will b the death of me
No! seriously! crap...bring back the block style from 2017
Even worse when your best friend and partner
aRe you trying to be funny
Ohh syd
I miss my benz I know she dead in the car lot
What a vibe
i just wanna see my bf squall in hd is that too much to ask
love that
im so sober and ive had so much to drink
We have feelings too ya know
i love this baby
I miss playing the piano so much
I see no lie in this tweet
yea i might have died
life is hard
Baby smoothie
Thinking that not good enough for everyone
Sad
Broken heart
God bless them in
No, the sugar in there will make it worse
I used to embrace it but now dudes have been making me feel some typa way Imagine not fucking me regularly and
i know
Awh
I hope your night was good. He's thinking about you.
Could Chinese be more hard to learn?
Yes, of course!
Yes it is. The US at the moment is a true horror story.
This is painful
we don't talk but ur rlly cool my fave goth oomf
what about the toast
jungkook has been wearing jackets that look just like the one i sent him im sad when will he ever wear it
Disappointing sia if cannot get
I hate people
fuck everything I just want yoongi back
Welcome sa dubai babe.
I cant do dis anymoreeeeee.
i want all but im broke af
fucking tears coming from my eyes bro
i see. I hope you can finish whatever you are doing quickly. and comeback to me hahaha
missing my rotaract fam huhu
Man all the beautiful women are never in my area
ahfjsbsis omg teach me your ways please
Absolutely disgusting
Junsoo Jagi
me too
they really beat the soul outta him
I don't know what to do with these shits
my gorgeous boo at?
Can't KYC my account.
Please help.
I just wanna be with you
It happen
bang chan has a restraining order on u but thats his loss bc ur so amazing i wub u sm u still sc*re me tho
eml folgst du mir wieder
Sorry this was me months ago
jihoon, my squish, pls help me write a song for my 21st cent lit homework
but why
Wish I could be a mf first priority like the first person a mf call cause always make a way nmw but
Did strength training in the gym yesterday and now my arms are killing me &
The 3* Tae is cute, too
whshshxhx shut up
Yes bby 3hrs aachu innum varula da rompa bore ethula network vera slow
I want to join on my Yves account. But I'm not good at handle 2 accounts at the same time. Brackets.
Only in America I'd imagine, never seen a 2 lb. bag of kids up here in Canadia.
"No one is talking about leaving the Single Market..."
ohhh its actually unreal i wanna go back
Never thought I will be watching an el Clasico, this early, without Messi and Cristiano
someone else bid for the ksoo pc i wanted
wedont know asagiri could make him old
Because your tweets are relatable and ur also so sweet
I: miss them
But I know enough about anime to make it exclusively what I post about
I have like three links for unveil cause scared one will go out. I legit started to panic last time
A gentle reminder - "No one is talking about leaving the Single Market..."
Gutted we missed this talk - went to the talk in the main room
Because of me
miss my grandmother
7 days done, 5 to go. Missing my best mate
He had enough.
apparently Tony from AHL been using the boys name for a fake army gathering & I heard a scam no wonder going private now
me n ava goin avoided spoilers again
I will forever hate Sunday's
gonna be the hunger games scared
jddjfbjffb no uRE NOT LMAO a lot of ppl probably took me for a local
sometimes the meet... and sometimes the loaf
but you hug me when sad
I love you and i miss you. almost a year since that.
I keep missing Monica in SG. When she was here in 2016 and now again.
This is one of the reasons I can't fall asleep either...
Train law really forcing us to ulam this
I miss talking to you for hours
The only thing that would make that better is being in a house with a tin roof so you can hear the rain hitting it
i gave in and decided to listen to an audio stream ajsjs im just picturing the stage in my mind
I just want ah son
doyoung thinks his fans are 5 year olds
LE SIGH... ok. No one else got it either
i hate to think about it. but how long will i stay with bangtan?
No Sorry
After buying Pad for 400,I still have to buy Athrotec it's not easy being a Lady aswearughad
i love bts and so proud of them ima love them 5eva
my boyfriend falls asleep so EARLY
\/ \
/ \
i hype for tonight sth had come up in my family sorry yeorobuni love
bts is leaving europe today
don't understand how ppl prefer 3rd e*e over awaken
no I still want bigs lightstick
At this point I rather go see Vienna on all 3 days and not go to the concert
Every fucking time
Mhmm yes honey stars hyung
Finished mine last night Might have to read it again xx
Bro so fucking sad
Sadly I am not from LA
Dreamt about kissing a cute person and now sad and want to kiss a cute person
Twitter ka hospital kidr hy
you are really, pretty alhamdulillah thank youuu
It would be my pleasure and an honour to meet you Jayme. I was in Melbourne back few months ago
i wanna tweet hyuck looks pretty today but thats dumb cause he always does
Kulgam
Allah have mercy on us, please.
My paranoid ass
I just want a piece of mind Is that too much?
about to rain cuz LeBron betrayed us
If only they release for SE too i would be buying all designs
lets avoid this bread
LT week then midterm next next week ++ sabay sabay na PTs huhu motivation pls
It sucks knowing that the only person you want to talk to, want to talk to you...
Tima
Yes !! This is also
A secret island full with
miss you
wish u done this
just had to let you know glad you had a good day today!!
UGH MY TASTE ARE PERFECT THANK YOU VERY MUCH
if so i can't believe they just did awaken this dirty
it had to be said
WTF how do these Animals get away with it
Elementary school kids with bags bigger than their backs
This is exactly what's ruining football. Sigh.
goodnight everyone hope i sleep till 3PM again
that moment when watching someone walk away at the airport and you can no longer see them
Tengo un nuevo crush but... Married
??Israeal must disappear from Time Of Page
i wish it was
Ugh anyone wanna finish my plate of nachos for me
I feel so sorry for you
being sent to gay baby jail
Ewan bat trip ko old school
This girl just called me needy...
FIRST OF ALL... i am.
Rip he was the voice actor for DIO from bizarre adventure
Tiny school kids running around looking like baby ninja turtles so cute. Makes me smile
I'd choose a KF over an AK anyday.
If your child is being bullied, it can be hard to know what to do next.
got tips on preventing and
You can, but still cute please
Maggie noodles used to taste much better with Lead!
Koi bat ni vesy awla tha
First joon with dogs and now RJ.
legit just went to the store for a meezy , i need some weed
Hi. May I have a talk with your stylist?
also tell me why this couch so fucking uncomfortable, im going to kick this fool off
Utterly appalling. Fills me with shame for human kind
we such a phake
These jack in the box tacos fucked my stummy up
I brought from Lucknow yday only...should have brought more in qty as stock depleting fast
I want some pan dulce rn
turns out none of the girls have been found yet
Prayers for my little sister would be greatly appreciated. never seen her in so much pain.
AS Roma and Juventus
Just leave this here
I lost money
I'm already tired just by thinking about everything I need to do this week
taehyung: you're in the third, jimin-ah
jiminie looked so tired i'm really glad they used private jets..
EXTEND SUNDAY TO 8080
UGH I HATE MYSELF LAYOUT *
uh oh ... Im hypocrite
idk jonah
my crush asleep
then we bottle promotion to div 1
Everytime Taeyeon is having a concert, I'm somewhere I can't stream
Don't show your stupidity in front of pipol, daughtie.
Always get nagging all day. Makes me worse. *sigh..
i lied about being of half caucasian decent
*platonic
but the way jimin lightly touched chest a whole baby
It sucks when sick and shit happens
My boyfriend was here but now he has gone. Adopt me.
i wish i had her voice
...yeah
Actually, i.. haven't.. heard it yet. can you recommend me some of your songs? I promise i'll listen
i miss why is she not interacting with me
btw arthur's status is still unknown
Today starts the worst week of the year..
Watching: Mr and Mrs Cruz
haaaayyyyy miss you bubu sorryyy..
happening now
I want McDs
u can't arrest me for telling the truth
My heart & soul is in a dark place
Huhh ab kia kr sktey or koi option b to ni he .
Demaciado tarde lose
a michytsk en Twitch!
This is too hard
and still full of energy! bad bitches only
to cm sdds Tmbbbh
Post symposium sickness.
We did deserve at least a point...
WTF!! has happened to my once great and respected country
Quiero volver a YouTube...
I find the book I want to read going to have to read about the unification of Germany instead
i started playing every time we touch on full volume in my house and my phone died in the fifth second of the song
abt his new gf breakup w her ex pete
A lot of wanted to, none of done
wow I just put the piece together and I regret it because I'm hurt
5 DAYS WBK i am on repeat but you really should
AAAAAAAAA WAS HAVING A HARD DAY THANK U
unfortunately no
No Ronaldo
No Messi
It's El plastico coming soon
lets hope for the best
Ballot boxes always find a way there.
Baby moving like baby knows what mumy feel i never feel this stress so much.. pliss go away
paulina is my cute ldr gf who supports a boy who likes me
13yos having girlfriends yet i dont not to mention being able to drive
Im too lazy for that
I Just Wanna Fuck My Way To Sleep
wow I just put the pieces together and I regret it I'm hurt
scariest thing just happened to me
I should be the one saying that
huhu for real?
Atseba Ntse Ke ameile my sister asked me " u qhangwa jwang u sena chelete?"
I need to be more confident wearing diapers around my wife. I cant help but feel self conscious
Yeah
this puppy
Oui
i havent been myself since october 14th which was the last day he posted on weibo
Why did I decide to pick up a shift today?? I tryna get this bread anymore the bread got me.
W w what did I do. I did nothing.
No one is afraid of love more than me
Damn those voices
He tried this is like the only time armys and exols are with each other...can we have more of this peace
I need friends who are on the midnight shift as well
Motivate me to study plsss plss
I want Chipotle and Chinese food.
Gikasal na si Doc Gudito RIP sa hearts sa iyang fangirls (including me). Pero best wishes parin!!
how im tryna be chuu is winning
I hope you wont get bored of me
I would really love to be in a relationship right now . Really feeling lonely
last 15 seconds of this my captain always
We can always shut it down If something go wrong like many other stuff but any way there are a lot of things to
Bhav badh gaye h kisi k
JUST HOLD HIS HAND HOSEOK
Lol wish I could get a job so I could do this
Sorry
idk take care watch GCF in Saipan
Why do I keep having dreams of dieing in a car crash? (this has been going on for months now) does anyone know what it means?..
legend makes me cry every single time without fail. i have a soft spot for it. i miss my grandpa too
Lol ah the trust? Yazi girls trust us anymore
Again...
hi can yanan please be in the next cumback i miss him alot
I love him, i miss him, i need him. help.
honestly......yeah
amiga te lo dije
broke ass cant relate
Me: 8 hours of sleep please
Also me: Likha puyat!
now i have 4 hours of doing nothing in paris with a post concert hangover
it's still 6 yooa
Up... Studying
i felt that, my heart hurt so bad dito telle huh
Finding a new date is hard
Just want babe
I dead ass just only wanna talk too one person at all times of the day
random but i want a vixx cb
When I remembered that El Clasico is already after 10 days, but Ronaldo will not be there
WHAT THE FUCKSJS THEYRE SO PRECIOUS my furby was my only friend
gotta rely on the tl
Yeah true :( it's just me in the middle of night thinking about things
jikook nation don't attack me i do this with the intention to annoy laura
sad
Where my friends at???
I am sorry for asking peers to give him a chance.
I gave him a chance........
.
.
.
to appoint a top-tier charlatan.
Nowni can't even practice the art of self hate sho
When I lie and say I have a boyfriend. How I wish that was true
i haven't told my dad i'm going to portland in less than a week omg if he says i can't go .. ima go anyways tf
Damn i want sum cheesecake
if euphoria had an mv it could have made it even better on charts.. hot100
my heart feels empty
hanging out and there is no chance of theses two keeping me company
I got sum shit stuck in my head now
I call personal bullshit on the lettering dbsnsjsbsek so sleeby but,,, Ritsu Sakuma everyone *empty crowd
your Saturday night you know exactly how it went
FFS
today is definitely better than yesterday i hope yours has been good too
( Aduh )
I still have PT on my purchase list but can't install it
I remember playing it having no
Me too honey...me too
I now have "chicken tonight" stuck in my head
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he
all the filter tho..
Throwing up so much my nose bleeds & I choke on the blood because I breath
So crazy how you can talk to someone less than a week ago and now gone ...
A little heavy today
The bread really got itself this morning
Wait what what about me
perhaps feeling unloyal for igniting my Johnny stan, I love you jaehyun
all the oomfs from jifookers are talented legends??? i cant relate
hey shishter we getting hypothermia out here so like help a sis out
the struggle
tfw no gf to beat not a joke id beat some of you hoes my mom said I can fight back
1) ana!!
2) may 16 2000
3) single ....... im so lonely
4) only one on each ear
5) chim + adventures
6) i only
I thought you lived there
i really cant sing but maybe one day
Lost my fire, been lonely, lived the teta life. I'm living the life i feared during my college days. maybe
I guess not happy to meet me
I miss my baby
I liked the iron fist
damn how miserable do I have to get for me to be happy again ?
scammers every it has become very difficult to get a sugar baby
when sick and your kids are sick too ? hays
I had the shittiest day
I gotta shit but I know my line running
imagine missing out dalian atkinson vs wimbledon
I need a Monday- Friday 9am -5pm job
1) ana!!
2) may 16 2000
3) single ....... im so lonely
4) only one on each ear
5) chim + adventures
6) i only
omg thank you uwu and yeah they're cute that's all that matters
imagine actually going to the gym jonah marais can relate
The only thing I hate about getting out of work this late is that too late to get a cold beer
I agree
Being sick is so dam depressing never n my life been this sick
yoongi's dark circles
No matter how much you want this to be true it'll never be reality, I'm sorry
11:11 for bts only
I. Want. To. Leave.
1hr in Melbourne, 1 visit to Officeworks, way to much money spent on prototyping materials
Yup, people are so cruel
nothing like being tipsy and u not around ya boo
i miss her too i hope they pull some strings and bring her back and kill alexis off and make falliam canon
yoongi pls come thru
These doctors never help me
wha if i'm dead serious about it?
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA it be like that
jin we have got a loving boyfriend
Thanks Kay. absolutely gutted. He was loved by all who knew & worked with him. His wife will be devastated xx
i finally got it to 1000
ah yes .. before the whole bucket hat phase came in
i will grow to your height u wait
These body aches stop & my husband keeps saying to walk it off... not how this works my dude
I won't be able to enjoy Taeyeon's concert today because I have to go work
I don't think I'm ready
OMG!!! Full story please , this is bad
Perhaps I will just stick with jaehyun and repress my Johnny stan I love u bub
5:12 AM and i wish i was a kardashian
Because Namjoon has my whole heart ...& his dimple
bona.
i like
MATCHA LATTE A LOT!
unnie why so pretty?
why am i no favourite jackson or jinson stan yet
Missin my lil girl I hope happily playing with other dogs.
i said the n word without changing a letter
Oh shit right sorry man
Thank you guys, big thanks
why do i always get the urge to come out at 5am, man.
Im not debut yet i dont have that much money why are you doing this to me
That is absolutely disgusting. Makes me sad People should never have to put up
and I didnt save shit
Lost & outplayed by Norwich
sleep a lot but still very sleepy.
Spotify's discover weekly knows what im feeling
i miss tweeting things that makes sense
portugal deserved so much better but i can see why they came last
I just want to see them live
/empty.
I swear I just feel like I'll never end up hitting anything...
I'm always getting robbed of a clip
same, his phone case is adorable
Cause if God be man i for Don die o..
let me gay in peace
Is this even legal to be this beautiful
Why did you lie to me.
You we're my everything.
You mean the world to me
now you're gone
scammers everywhere it has become very difficult to get a sugar baby
Its okaay sunbae dont worry about it. Your most welcome and no- that lil chicken is you, lil chick.
Alone
Ingin menjadikan display pict twitter tapi gak bisa
any chance of inviting them to join in, give them a job to do?...
Might learn something about
i'm so sorry rest in love fishies
Personally a supporter of approach. But I fancy our chances much
not good, Rachel there are lots of ways to top-up, look at them here >RG
devastated
He left you psychologically distrusted
Im just tryna be happy
|| I just change my faceclaim so try to bear with those things. Wish me luck.
So gonna sit here and watch follow everyone on twitter and not follow me as always
telling me to have my fun and to not focus on worrying about having a boyfriend bc still young
Missing yoongi hours
Everybody tells me they like my memes, but nobody tells me they like ME
He really tryna make my whole heart explode
i've always said it like puke with an m but one time someone thought i said nuke
Happy Birthday
Josh Mullin to be providing crosses for Boyce at Burton Albion next season
I need a coffee
Up listening to Graduation & missing the old Kanye
Wooooow.......I remember this.......I feel so old
Yaa duygulandim
Ma boi has no dressing sense.. I hate his granpa sweaters so much!
Pakirewind ng please
Something just right in my head currently
I- sorry
FOMO hitting me real hard
Wow. These people are real ??? So passionately backward o know how he survives in the 21st century
LMAO RIP KEITH
(or maybe more accurately, RIP Shiro )
I love this tho omg bless you for bringing this to life
So sad missing out on Halloween festivities for a second year in a row.
you are hot af bye bye sanity
I still remember being excited when this preview came out, waiting for this episode.
trying hard to move on.
Sometimes your gut feeling tell you better judgment than your mind.
I even wanna go into my room
no one deserved park jimin, only jimin himself deserves him ownself
Been there, very sad, pictures of the children on the graves. Very solemn
holy shit. we thank you. now i know
My family be around during my birthday and it hurts
I only didnt trust ppl because nobody responded at first
YEAHHHH,,,,, and like. ofc i dont wanna waste money so ill probably go to all of them imean i could
I just hit you with a peace sign instead
they were so surprised abt our popolo im in love
Mad at myself for not eating more earlier
I feel you, I'm lonley too
truly they betrayed me
I was more upset when you blocked me Andrew
ngl i was pretty sleepy last night
Rafi and Kishore would turn in their grave if they heard this.
with vocals at the background while crying ? same
Disappointed
Are Nandos employees so happy that not a single one has bothered to give us the recipe for the sauce they use?
that's such a pyaara name
Sorry to hear that, I hope you will be better soon
a simple NO been enough
Only shitty thing about moving to Dallas is no ones going to be there for me or stop in and check on me
someone unfollowed last night back at 499
Daw hnd ko ka perform bwas aw
they are nerds but they are my nerds
Jennie jadi kangen seseorang
I miss Short Stack
Si
leave me alone pwease
Hot water bottle and over the counter drugs is all they can do for now They better
Fetish ko yun
"
*Me
Tell me somethin', girl..
Is it me you're looking for?
-
Answer:
: "Bye bitch"
-
I love nobody anymore
You the only one that I ever want
want the poster
Sad story from the Wales history
I CAN'T BREATHEEHBSJSJSJ that tweet was iconic this is tragic
Sis this it
I wonder sometimes if people think before they say some of the things they say
MAYBE i miss big bird gyeom
Somehow trying to motivate myself to get to Sandton this afternoon
sino nanaman to?
The type where he helps and guides the new girl around
the mighty boosh is my problematic fave
Ufelani on 157 is too real hey no amount of physical abuse shows love. Ladies, protect yourselves
just trying to give one to someone daughter
I wish I could work at the haunted house every night fuck I want a job there so bad
gonna be on the Daylight Video with the thriller vibes
I saw that one in theaters
Left early is still blocked tho
Without access to the email associated with your account, you will be unable to reset your password
SKSKSKSJDJDJAKDKSLKFKDJDJEJFJF BABY she tries
The struggle is real
she still like j*emin and w*nwin tho
thank god for my boyfriend cause man..
Sunday afternoons are making me emotional
Always stuck behind the camera
My left ear is still blocked tho
our duo outsold seokjin and rj what r u saying
Ugh your mind
!!!
yeah:( its like a 5 minute walk, id have to go to the city for other gyms so i dont have any friends
ofc it had to be a delulu
I do nothing and here they blocked me
getting a halloween koya i wanted chimmy too but the go offer it anymore but going to be my first bt21 merch hhhhh
i agree and I have nothing else to offer but this picture
Woke up really missing my parents today its just one of those days I wish home was nearby so I could go see them then come back.
No Flex men ,shit
i changed it ..
what did she do to you
breaking news: i am *****
What's done is done, no return no exchange.
Hashtag somehow wanted to be included in the tweet do anything about it I should control before tweeting lmao
Funerals are one of the things I'll never get used to.
I really hate goodbyes.
Always stuck behind the camera
Man I missed the fight last night you be poking brothers in the
Im on a hellevator
shes so sick of lying u gotta know that
Omg lrt chad starving twitter artist is actually me in all aspects.... except the reason i dont have an nsfw is because i am horny on main
one of those nights again where I cannot fall asleep for some reason I feel this sadness in my heart... but idk what it is
No matter how hard you try to raise them, it's always falling at the same pit
kekskdkd it's okay !! just don't forget my existence
The cuts from this fishmonger eish...
The tl and I are going through it right now
I regreted everysingle day of my life aft you left
they gonna love each other forever
Cya believe me have work again rn
I had and that person in my life anymore
It's important. People are going to end up judging me for his ugly dress sense.
oun rusuh pas lagi mau dikeringin
what time are skz coming back tomorrow? i have to know when to step out of my meeting
Pls this tweet has 1k likes, but look at them now, they reach 1M likes per tweet in two days :((( im sad
no AOT tomorrow
i feel empty and lost
i was shooky solo stan, then Tata, and now i cant choose
Ntwana been working all weekend just realized not Saturday like I thought
Having writers block! not that I got a story, that right now, I lack the inspiration to write.
so fed up i hate everything at the minute
Lord sorry lutang ko today I know what was going on in my head
I needa start making a lunch for when I go to work Boston is getting expensive
i have $24 in my acc, im tempted to buy something
so you don't mind bam but jack is terrible?
most tired gal in South Ah
For the sake of something I will sacrifice my everything
pls there was no way I was missing mono release namjoon would not let me stay deactivated but mayhaps
my dms aren't working again
my dad has one and the apple pencil but i want to draw on his ipad
BSBDBCBFBJDJD if our dads ever meet e.o. they would calmly sip tea talking ab that
Mate ah rn I am wondering if you should continue watching it or what
Not happy
sory boo
taehyung: you're third, jimin-ah..you're going to sit here? *points*
jiminie looked so tired i'm really glad
My 'friends'
Being silent doesn't make me shy.
Ignoring phone calls doesn't make me
Staying Home doesn't make me
im still scarred from namjoons hip thrusts in baepsae that man was really feeling himself last night
I tend to push the good people away smh
I've said it bedore2and I'll say it again.. i miss rondo
having a bad signal sucks, Andy pop over a full postcode and we'll take a look >RG
When will I ever
Omg you really don't believe me huh
ILY MORE pls mute me though too loud on timelines today
this part where i feel sad for some of my friends that are going through bullshits.
DM,d you about this as still had no contact!
HEY USING MY SUGGESTION? How cute
go away sickness please
why I hate bts. a 2k essay
Too bad it only releases next week....
No plans atm
Jemput atuh ka bogor
This is what yoongi gets after getting seranated by jikook
We all wanna be sucessful but we dont wanna put in the work
haha we just have to take what they give us van
With umoya oncwele
Ebi lyk the woman bore pass , but it's sad
We have lost so many Rappers the last Year damn
going out w my friend in an hour i HAVE to get a burger ive been thinking about it for 3 days now
Last year I reached 62 books tho why can't I do it this year
pls back soon
Told a girl I liked her and was left on read...ouch
Pls help me through all this
Please add more City in Indonesia, OYO is only available in Jakarta, Surabaya & Palembang. when
they are grown now ... I saw a picture on IG
concerned about Kashima's ACL
this is an absolutely disgrace. what a world we live in
I'm not feeling good at all
I need someone to come shopping with me
a good reason. Why do they keep wasting water
I just wanna go home
theres a lot of people with the same username as me and I wanna change it now damn
Partners who by Chinese when your not there as good as cheating that
Had to say goodbye to this wee belter
Can never see your tips anymore as betbull is not in Ireland
I rl love this song yes
or dance practice please We need to see that masterpiece
i miss him so much. when will my man come back from war ?
KSJSKSJS ANONG GANAP SA SKZ pls inform me
Reality wakes me up. No one can live on earth forever and thats the truth.
legit some of the best ppl in my life are long distance
still see anything
I'm sorry for disappointing you
omg I sleep
only those who were around during the vine age will understand
if euphoria had an mv it could have made it even better on charts.. hot100
So sad to know that, still young but your sending my condolences.
Haist'! I can't understand what they're saying hope someone will put eng sub
Blanckie my puppy orange!!!! Jackie (Chan) !!!!! I MISS YOU
pay to have exo on knowing bros too
Why does everything still feel temporary?
im broke and i want coffee
it really be like that
to my gs bestie,sister,IG buddy, belated happy birthday!! I miss u zo much eps )): hang soon bad bich I love
Put your hair down put put put put put sicheng 50:50
i miss being able to watch ice hockey and figure skating
taeyong aint got nothin on u bub
Haha les
It's all he cares about
guys im actually anxious to hear the new songs can they just start already
the same height! in our portuguese blood
24 ppl have me blocked on this acc n this even my main :/ i do though
Tf am I doing up at 5:30 on a Sunday.
I wish you were a woman
Not so productive day
It's so rude I don't have a boyfriend
right...
for me, it's really awkward when some stranger keeps on staring at me.
That damn near brought tears to my eyes. SIP Mac
Man now i just saw a video of people falling through a floor and that shit killed my vibe aha
Same a short story where C.C. and Charles discuss his harem and some mention of
I tried stanning but I needed more help but nothing was out at the time
Gave you the key but it wasnt enough
Subhanallahi the biggest mistake that made wish you all the best sir!
d-do u ever think yoon invites jungkook to his studio just so he can sit in his lap while he works
please stop attacking me choi seungcheol
rt two or three tweets to join gcs and i been added
never dressed up for Halloween because a roadman but can somebody help me this year?
The woman stands on her chest and kicks her repeatedly if she sleeps.
Sad.!
Islam teaches us to respect women.!
flat earthers have flat asses
follow me and i'll spam u daily with dog content. you won't regret it
what a sad moment for stay stan twt who there rn
someone paypal me $18 i wanna buy tata cushion kfjdkjf
Even a minister is laughing at how behind our gov is
I don't understand but I love you all
chris told me i have a HAMSTER IN MY BRAIN ..... he right
I remember watching every goal
Ikr
where can i ask
also quoted some tweets and i gotten a reply
I will miss this face BUT WELCOME BACK FINALLY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Jus got a phone call that broke my heart bro got me askin god why
up... sick
hayyy sorry
working 3rd shift fucked up my sleep schedule so damn bad. I just want to sleep through the night.
he looks so nice and tanned
Nobody Understands How Much I Wanna Get Away From Everything & Everyone !
you just lost my trust there. hayst.
Sorry, I can't stop missing you.
they are weak and did not survive
ES TUT MIR LEID
the fact that mark waited for him i bet he just wanted to go to mark n greeted his other juniors out of
pretty bitch
Yuta where is your selfie
Idiot
I want everything about Jaehyun
And I Keep Getting In The Shower & Going Straight Outside Into I Get Sick
I just realized if bts don't go to that cultural merit thing we won't see them for a while which is what they
Too drunk burned my hand dabbing
i literally only talk to like 2 people & one of them is my bff
Its like pulling teeth, most times...
Hi Abigail Which phone are you trying to unlock. Did you get the phone directly from us or a
Sex or Chocolate? dili ko hilig ug chocolates
new song after vcr please
Sorry for the little rant. I needed to get that off my chest
she
Tu finis tard ?
I wonder what it is? Something really bad, sure.
Retarded
... which promotes acts of violence against leftists and
-
no way anyone is THAT nice just not believable
1by1 tour sad reax only.
MDRRRRRR CETAIT SUPER JTE MONTRERAI MAIS FALLAIT QUE JE PARTAGE JPP jrigole si fort aussi dnsvdbdb
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
at least got to get out before the bell rang ...
Now just strangers with memories
Burn the stage the movie tu ada berapa hari je ? Buat la 3 harini . 15 ada final exam la takkan nak ditch paper please reply
uwu
I can't tell you guys the truth because I know, one of them will get hurt so I keep denying the truth with hope
i'm so tired but there's not much time to rest... sighspie.
When the pipe master cancels.
yeah but commercials
gay gods pls let me meet my baby next year i wanna hold her hand and stuff
Love the distressed look! too bad I be able to buy one
Where did I do wrong
It wasnt a taunt
i i is that b bad?
research sad
ikr so funny i laugh so much every time i rewatch last episode w exo i just really want them to go again
I can't tell you guys the truth because I know, one of them will get hurt so I keep denying the truth with hope
YOURE SO CUTE IM SO SOFT WHY ARE YOU SO CUTE BABY
what a tragedy
demi in first position
Unfortunately not
Please do Hitachi, Ibaraki! My girlfriend lives there and been a while since my last visit
I keep seeing this so I wanna join
if it flops I'll cry
Eish... I don't know hey...
They are so skinny ..
yes me
someone be bobo withme
... they dont even look the same
who replied on a private acc
when you need to pee but you're listening to skz showcase
My sleep schedule trash
I am so so sorry to hear this
be okay soon lain promise
Maybe if you stop complaining
Tried a different Moma porridge today....not so good. Flavourless and dull glad it was only a single pot & I
I HAVE TWO COMEBACKS TODAY IT WAS NICE KNOWING U BABY WE HAD A GREAT TIME
Mickey flynns, North China dumplings and my barbers on Mill Road
I am about to be an uncle thanks to my 14 year old sister
F*$#@! Hurts all the time gaww.
dont complain anything is better than got7s outfits from 2014-2016
tryna find that one song that goes la adadadadadadaa again forgot the name of it the search begins
turn this pistol to a grey smg
I wish I knew what was happening
I wish I could unmeet some people
This Nd tell em nd freestyle
Recording it most probably
tough times calls for tough decisions
Continue to bring joy up there, Andrea. You will be terribly missed
Good luck my friend. That's a tedious quest you'll be taking on.
missing the person behind the shirt
missing you is a pain to me pls understand!
there are only 3 minwoo stans on stan twt because the majority didnt survive the unchanging teaser
but he ended up giving his seat to joon aww baby he is so sweet
Tired of feeling lonely
sigh
That is why furniture is cancelled
Gotta drop this.
This clip is from old HKT48 documentary.
No one congrats me for being promoted into HKT48
My playlist just shuffled from 'Hey Nas' to 'Bye baby'
Another reminder that nothing lasts forever
wow it's finals > you
Sehun sama winwin
he also deserves a timeout for not following me, but let it slide
Modaron
som1 said , a predegree Student in Aaua who is doing Yahoo Yahoo can feed 20 lecturers in Futa ooo,
sorry
I want to eat but I don't have the appetite to eat. Why am I like this? Am I too nervous?
bring me back to passion days
why
wack, apparently
Interesting, I love mine all the way to the compost heap
i hate that this has probably happened on more than one occasion ;; poor hyuckie just wants to annoy people
Wow my chair and now my bed, so dumb
thank
i'd love to but if your head starts to hurt again it's okay bub
Can exo PLEASE go on variety shows this promo not that watching the same shows for the 900th times not fun but
I wonder what Adam is doing I miss his voice
Sometimes it's the opposite
sabe eu fico tRISTEEEEE
no im too broke
pls dont make me cry
I am so up and down tonight and I feel ridiculous
If we can get something like showtime that would be great
Why Kajol isn't in ?
i want him to be my brother
Help us the average guy...
Showed my mom the photos from today's shoot... Man oh man she was disappointed. Sorry, mom. Dili jud ko photogenic.
Red wine , an Australian movie & I miss NZ sooo much
Oh ok
I need jaehan's content no jaehan no life
brf sinon vu cett choz ji t aim
thank you wind sunbaenim
Trying to DM you but you follow me so I
Will they release it later on for us to see?
Hey noob, where is your sakura-tan?
No, don't be sad. I don't have any candy left.
Old codger. Says it all.
I sleep & I need to be up in three hours
Exid dropped out of the top 20 on Starple
Rj really is child huh
sir ily
help my cousin is inactive and won't reply to me i'm worried
Wow that hurted
i was laughin at this for a good 20 minutes last night , so sorry ciara
IM GETTING JEALOUS ALREADY PERFORM THE NEXT SOG PLSS
Kenzo : the color is called tan, hooman, not white...
Hooman : sorry kenzo, my mistake.
Damn man that shit sucks so bad. I even fathom the emotions.
People send me cute videos of the boys, feeling down
can jyp stop being homophobic and release the unveil vcr
why salahs mentioned
Sorry cy
i know, legends only
It feels like everyones hating me. Idk why and what i did wrong. This feels-
watching Harry Potter for the first time... shame on me
he's havin gay thoughts let me be
The good ones are hard to find.
I don't know how to eat shawarma
he aint letting me breathe smh jungkook and tae have lit stole my heart
Are these people not scared of getting hurt hei?
This intern hates me
[HD] Love Yourself Tour 19.10.18
Sus labios
Cr TreaclyR || MinSwagger
Manchester City
You should be asking me that question
My supervisor likes calling me out when I randomly blabber in english when I get stressed.
Look at the teachers lah, they are not stoopid but stoopidest
i agree they really let us down
her phone blew up
That falsetto
God be telling me get on Twitter this kameron just be on here IGNORING ME
These were the days man
I should have taken the whole next week off instead of 2 days only.
I want it too
mdr 38 cv etr 1 peu grand
My dads not fancy he wear I might get him alcohol but idkkkkk
you play with guns too much bro.
this thread is the only thing keeping me here at the moment
Father I said till death do us part I want to mean it, with all of my heart
ok but i want a go
just because your famous now forget about your friends at school
Soft hours sTOP
Jungkooks "i love you army" at the end
god why is everyone so problematic and stupid
Soon you will also realized that I am such a failure meg.. I still love you
donghyuck is ramen so together they're chicken ramen we love a duo
Arre....
Aapke hote huye sad
Kabhi nhi.
Sucks having so much on your mind you can't sleep..
Sorry mom
always one foot in and one foot out
unnie why do you want to throw your nintendo? it will be your loss other classmates have the possibility
she's so problematic
i though
Mate.... We are EXACTLY the same
hes half an hour away from me
I miss my nan so so so much
So much hatred
you gone know when you tired and had enough
I just woke up. Velora if seeing this, sorry
I want Seola noona to be my mommy
where's urs
Stop Miss u bare x
I want to swim with Dolphins my man not fcking with it tho
istg my mom is gonna kill me giving all these meds that she even know if they work or not
fine i'll change it once xx tracklist drops
Yep, early book in is much more painful that late book out
I just need the normal sized one now
No Cricket for me ..I can bore myself better than cricket
i pay attention wdym
We don't always get what we want
at least i wont be spoiled on the new songs
thank you for existing
i wanna fight and kith
Sunday Ki din power cut
Hello! You're so cute, can you give me some of your cuteness?? I want to be cute too
Me too RT I miss my boo
im so bored with myself someone take me to get a nose piercing
unicorn is my fave just,, a dragon unicorn. it calls to my past inner horse girl
miss ko na to ra sayaw sa moriones
Hm
this is honestly the best thing that's ever happened to me i love him
When the Americans start taunting me for eating beans and saying wanker
' thoughts and prayers '
It be like that
I miss run bts even more now
soft yk hours are always open he rly does and he's SO SMUG ABOUT IT pls he gets yoongi flustered the
I never get blocked
say that youre an asshole imma kick yo ass fr nah
I lowkey love jikook but I want my yoonmin :(
Always sad when you leave Miss you already Perth, Western Australia
I just want them to like me too. Im not that bad.
We are one of them
be depressed too having to touch a dick so i relate
follow my back-up
i would say ily back or ily more but you responded my snap yet
Streaming this comeback is gonna be my new religion
She is
I wanted to go Milan to buy trainers and watch Messi. But broken his arm
But you are following.
Tired of team killing gn
What could've been.
How you come like that after our kissing scene hyung?
Kings was a show BEFORE its time. I know it'd have a huge audience now, if only cause of the Sebbies
No condition is permanent na
GAUSAH TARIK2 MANTI MELAAAAR /pout/
I've been busy for the past few weeks! Ang dami ko ng namimiss na mga events! I miss my kwaly fam! MISS YOU GUYS! LOVE YOUUUU!
My mum let me go to a concert because of the hysteria factor
She broke the one rule so this is going to end very sadddd
Missing my uncle so much
Pak best in breakup line goes to me! Ay di nga pala naging kami
Why does twitter become so entertaining during exams?
Who said that?
it's tattoo bish let me answer
aye chill im not a violent person
You only could do well there because we made you
If not
Me lo auguro
... Hold the phone. That Kimberly is your sister? God my last tweet to you was so disgusting.
Ohhh okay..is this their phone numbers then ? didn't know that till now
I feel bad for not going home but i just.. can't
i don't think so...
Aww get well soon!
Best Perfect beautiful woman is Beshine Sunday Best perfect
wish some things were different.
sleep after that
oh its over
i lied get cool started playing and i HAD to hear it
feeling so tired
sigh, gotta go get this bread
Remember when SUGA offered a song to Dony &Cony on weekly idol and they refused He was so sad
BUT
I bet
hdskkd you think updates are gonna solve this??
Super mood
hello?
never go back to what broke you
Well at least he looks like todoroki unlike when I try to draw
did anyone record get cool??? I MISSED IT
i cant believe i dropped them
When I read about this I feel so useless when sitting here in Norway and do shit I really hope these
AH SAKITA MAY PAG WALA NALANG NAKO NABASA TO NI POP UP MAN SAD UNA UY
Kenny Chesney - Me and You
gerne aber I don't have that game yet
The last one
I wish Harry was with them
shit ang sakit well i truly deserved those kind of words haaay
you really forgot about me
The fact that you have the strength to keep on watching that frustrating show
Missed out on da chicken
ima watch the bangtan bomb tonight as i hav so much to do today
This is just great
such a nice person, I wish I was getting fucked today
everyone who gets to watch will win a lottery all lucky ass bitches
knew it
Ay waw thanks
Please share
Elo. I'm preparing for talking to you...... so get ready for my boring weird ass kocham Don't be
i felt this
had enough.
But they dont follow me
Same
So much expectation man
Bruv i was indirecting u
it hurt
All he wanted to do is eat and smoke good and now he gone!
in so much pain man I wish this shit on anybody
Mood, but I know where to start
i want a refund
Is it going to be a long time, then?
not the Best Cap Suit
KATA SIAPA AKU BANYAK JOB ?
Getting on the scales after a week of eating pizza, pasta and bread
I need to do better......
What do you want? I don't have anything left.
i miss my moon so bad :( im in the sky almost every night
Missing my baby i just wanna be in bed already and cuddle her
Pls send lots of NCT memes
listen to it tomorrow
I HAVENT SLEPT YET HHEHDJDKN IVE JUST BEEN LISYENING TO MUSIC AND! i made u something... 4 somethings....
Woh. Easy there. Don't hurt yourself.
hottie thanks
She told me that not enough
agust d and yoonji needs to come back damn true
jimin wearing a thousand dollar backpack when you can find the same one for a hundred
I've not meet my crush Jesusbaby
they replaced with some other word instead of leaving it blank
he is the embodiment of UWU
Nope.
Keanu is mine!
Sigh imagine this boi nau I bet he he done 1% of Wah we all have done Buh here he has a kidney problem
what happened with her? pls orient me
Yup. The kaother home been away too long
Ayeeeeeeeeee shut up pls you are sweetest By Nature And I Don't Need to tell You Ki Tum Kitni Acchi
physically and mentally tired
Yeah me too so sorry I was a sloot
This is bad. You really should have invested in a bean to cup machine by now. Convenience of
Um not
i dreamed of my grandfather
Zenith Bank and their unnecessary Master Monthly Fee. I barely even use my card yet they charge every month
Pfft I hope so. Fighting for us!
So Dal Makhani is good.
Dal Tadka is good.
Choley is good..
Still haven't picked courage to open Rasila Rajma
Name puts me off.
Almost 1 year without you in my life
or Pope John Paul II
so rn 7-3, can someone win 4 games so i qualify for next weekend, i cba to have any more disconnects
she is the most beautiful person alive i love her the most ever
Vote and Stream guys
I understand how you feel, really so sorry
Have she release new music.. i used to listen to her every day
Circle k closed rn bro what do I do?!
Thank you Bachir
The Lakers-Rockets game was good, sadly they had to fight during the 4th qtr
The worst part is he put them in specifically for tour
If people stay up to actually listen to I am You. Can someone kindly tell me if Jisung got a nice amount of raplines thanks
This time i hate Sowon and Eunha grrrrrr
My brother.. E no easy but God de my side
10am and eaten half a tub of ben and
I really want in n out
Mumbai international do eat have a Haldiram Store in Departures.
To be honest, is it still fun to play PokemonGo?
PH armys, does anyone know where can I order legit BT21 items here?
I just snapped at my daughter for touching my chicken licken hot wings now I feel like trash
please i try my best
This is painful
sis me neither we need inhalers
3AM... why up is beyond me. However, I am craving filet center cut with a side of mashed potatoes and steamed broccoli.
In Miami needing the nearest hospital why tf do I always have to be sick
I got suspended for leaking the Hellboy trailer onto Twitter
Just threw up my whole fucking meal this Shit is annoying
how to start that three articles if I couldn't even remember how to write again in feature way?
win the powerball. Looks like I have to keep working!
tell me on the list so sorry tell me stans
Babe and I are so damn tired and not home yet
that sounds like a dream tbh
got the damn flu I. Son of a bitch.
maybe hes clapped maybe he husband
I'm just about to do the weekly shop in Yarmouth
Rest in Peace
xbox really does have all the best exclusives
Get well soon Joy
We love you
getting clowned in a gc rn
Juventus-Ac Milan Finale LDC 2003
ka sad how labeled about telling them what we feel
my fave mutual,, sorry im such a soft stan sorry im not funny,,, sorry that i love u sm who is this?
Best sense of humor in the whole group, alongside Jin and YG.
Yoh I first saw that in July at Pretoria North and I had to go back to the car and place my order edrive thru
but yummy.
They served fried rice instead of jollof rice butttttttt the chicken made up for it. It was crunchy and well
ka sad how labeled about telling them what we truly feel
Today is going to be another "I don't care about myself day"
3. single
4. i have none, but i wanna get a helix piercing
Scam
can i have questions pleathe
haseul and hyunjin are waiting for u to remember their names
just say thank u and go
E. P. D.
im good, and aw.. missed you too you good?
I feel so rubbish
imagine jungkook went to that unicef event with a full forehead exposure.... hse saving the nations thats why he didnt do that
good morning
Omg those pictures of Omotoso surrounded by all these young girls in the house
morning, get this bread
My day would be done
Mowa nyana wame o kotometse. I should have gone to church...
Stop I was juss lost
I knowww I hadn't been able to unsee it ever since. Now that he's fat not so much but when he was
Hopefully not cheap drugs
And then I met someone, but i think hindi rin mag wo work k bye
i was expecting a suprise
i am honestly feeling so attacked right now but maybe i really deserve it
if he makes one then who will use their main account?
that sucks, Jonathon when you called us up, did they say when you'd receive the refund? did they let
You only said you are saying sorry...
I fucking hate you i knew u lied
never is such a strong word.
they look so soft and cuddly
Bro me too idk anymore
Kalo gue auto ilfeel juga
Waiting for a woman to dress up ehn..
We truly lost our minds in that bus station but do it all again
Sorry
I like only because it is a reminder that tomorrow you back to work
Well! I wasted my incense.
This is really sad.
jom
Lord, that time of the month again. Please, let me go through this for the nth time
While streaming DWC, I accidentally disliked the video.. I hated myself for it I'm so sorry i
how about dramarama
I WOULD LIKE TO!! It's so hard to find pristin rps these days
Why would I hug the air while I could hug myself?
Sigh Pimtha is in Malaysia, I wanna take a selfie with her like my friend did
I love him so much
What?!?! NO YOOA BABY
that does not sound like chloe
my brother told me he loved justice league.. wheeze
I feel you, I'm pretty tall and it's a struggle
11 hours straight on netflix.
New operational office kurang cofee maker sama foto mvp 200
the guy who gave sunflowers has this mark lee vibes hahaha or just me obsessing over my mans but hehe
Thanks chief
why did you not mention me i feel sister betrayed
sad but true
My crush and I are attractive just like magnets but we have the same poles why we attract each other
Hate that I stayed home the entire day wala jud ko nahimo
when will tsumugi drop?
My girl Hyojung doesn't deserve the disrespect... She can SING
(( Just why would you read this? ))
I don't think that they'd understand.
Sa
tried to ft my cousin but she told me this is her weed time + hung up
sorry, such a shame!
I want to gf you
You want to blow as a female? , you have to spread your legs, it's not the man's fault, it's the economy, and they are not sorry
They grow up fast
rub it in, very sensitive about it she knows cheated on her with pup
thanks reu
Oh ambition, sorry know a lot about that myself
When somebody close to me is in pain, I feel that pain too
Worse shit is being intoxicated coming home to an empty house
It deadass took me 4 hours to do 16 chem problems... my midterm is going to have to take itself
yea man when i see your dp i know you
I wish fans would respect their boundaries
its bc of yall stray kids
I hate being stabbed in the back by people who i think are my friends but in reality they don't care how i feel.... I feel lonely
yes exactly
no besitos tonight can I get a rip in the cat
Always feeling the complete opposite
It has been so hard for me to sleep ughhh i hate it
discoverin new kinks everyday
fuck this shit
i feel so guilty but idk what to do
Winters are sad
You're really cute...thanks for keeping me sane
brockhampton and bts = banghampton all i need a banghampton interaction
Mentally draining exams myghaad!
I really sleep for shit on the weekends
Entlik la speeda lona, nxa, we move on
Taste sis but wtf KOMH is
what about me
Yup - I think if it continues as it started be bowing out. Not sure cope
I sold Salah. The one week he performs well
time for war and a time for Our time will come. Shalom Chaverim. 23 years
F
trick ass hoe not even top 3??? smh
Do you know any urban legends? If so, tell us about it! not really
Woke up with about 3 pimples on my one cheek
really very sorry
hoseok really did that
Please respond
Who is gonna if it's not us ?
I'm pretty sure most of us have campaign ready
Mon chat
oh well
i fucked up the meme f I'm gonna do it again
should've listened to it from the start
LAMIA MAG ISLAND HOPPING AFTER ANI NA SEM UY!
always late to trends
If only he was alive
Dgn hati xrela.. Blk ipoh trs
Wasted efforts
Dopo ti seguo
Sozeee! Phof kwa isibindi soba andixelele lonto says a lot
i dreamt that i was in japan and bought really kick ass clothes and now im so disappointed
May bote lang, getting drunk agad?? bawal ba uminom just cause?
Yolun sonu
I have failed,,,,
Mine is worse MTN 16 Glo 47 no hope
Istorbo us always
Getting a little concerned for her health tbh. she seems to have been worn out for a while now
time for war and a time for Our time will come. Shalom Chaverim. 23 years
I want to leave the house, see other kids. But I trust myself. Tomorrow is Monday
hedhebfbejdjw ig thats what i am now
hajima im soft, i never learned how to block
otherwise how am i gonna feed all of you being a parent is hard
Do we claim her?
and theyre always busy
It really saddens me how others act. I NEVER THOUGHT THAT EVEN UP TO THIS MOMENT, IMMATURITY IS STILL A PROBLEM PLEASE GROW UP
sorry for doubting u
Ive taken about 3 mybulens already and im still in pain
Is it me you're looking for
Not likely unfortunately as have a tight and very busy schedule....nearest I get to you is Sydney
time for war and a time for Our time will come. Shalom Chaver. 23 years
This bubbler hitting like it used to
how much is it to replace the passenger side mirror on a CX5
It be like that sometimes
they like old wrinkly dicks
I love you so much girls. Sadly I'm from Philippines
Aww I miss choiceland as well I tried going back but most people I know are gone maybe one day we
i hope skz will do twitter q&a again regarding them replying me back sighs
cool.... cool. I mad.... just...... disappointed. lol
o okay fam
Man should park well
i feel bad for artists not under BigHit, imagine not having freedom to make music and being paid poorly
wrong with people.
Sometimes I rather choose to be a robot without any feelings or emotion
To me only explanation is work
Miss All The Action
were any of yall lucky enough to actually get the 1D cardboard cut outs? i tried and wanted one so bad the the odds were never in my favor
i was really goin thru it tonight,,, tired
Istorbo as always
guess be so packed with review materials tonight
MDRRR tu
No
its my dream!! Arjun pls wish my once its my birthday ..pls pls
I wish
Lol no ways. I just need someone to talk to.
Hitting rock bottom and a lot
ALL THE STREAMERS ARE CRYING ME TOO
Das ja doof
W-why?! I love beluga....
Non c'est interdit
HXJXJD
You're the nicest
a power couple they handle us. missed u
you missed lots of thing
Come on Col! Typo?
This
worst day
NP: Almost is never enough
Everyone is going HHN. I also want to go
Every time goes to sleep I have nothing to do on here
why did the album have to be what we assumed we deserve better
DKDKDK f why would u be tho
still pretty
i wanna be your frieeend but my humor is weird and i don't wanna wanna scare you shishter have we spoken
Oh mais non
Everyday mate. Everyday.
It's annoying
Should I buy cheesecake to celebrate Sunday
Sunday evenings are the worst these days marks the beginning of a new week and a day before Monday. Back to work tomorrow
f idk i posted yesterday smth about k*ll mayhaps that
YES I THOUGHT YOU UNDERSTAND TAGALOG
he screamed the loudest to hide his jealousy
Well I was in a good mood
Nerede o eski Inter-Milan derbisi
No, this is sad things
Y-you are getting bored of me...? Me is really really saaad.
Wish you're here
He's only a baby....
One who intends to eat the whole box...
literally he is saying are soft a ball it making any sense of grammar
Happy birthday lolo imissyou
11:11
is okay
Seeing & in 20 days
so cute
No one deserves this
i don't know about nel but she probably muted me too
10. what i love most about myself is how i love everyone
My battery isn't going to make it at this rate.
Last day today., these 12hrs on my ass This weekend
That was one of the hardest decisions in gaming history and as a gamer I olayer a lot before!
yall stop with the minecraft memes
wow i didn't even KNOW she had that account thanks for exposing
nooh whyy
the las vegas venue experienced that with their phil dm
Yeah it does
please hq the the second picture
It be like that
I really miss having those wet dreams. I hope i can still experience that.
Where's my Kaminari
GET YOURSELF A KAMINARI IF YOU DON'T HAVE ONE YOU AIN'T LIVIN RIGHT
Do me the honor of blocking me too
damn should i continue this
your
Is this poor boy ever gonna comb his hair?
Thank you so much for your words, Pammy. Being kind to myself is an everyday struggle, pero effort lang. Sending love back.
Cab someone please explain this
when will this happen boragays
Horrible how debilitating a migraine can be
Not me
Disappointingly, I think it was 80% of the membership. Might be wrong.
Not everyone appreciates Skyrim memes
Swear I hear you were throwing one !
Sigh
gIVE US GEMINIS SOME LOVE TOO
Rubbish
i didnt need this attack
damn i dont know where i go to then
f mayhaps time to move again
I miss and love bangtan so much
Actually I should have said from Niamh Lucy and
thought about certain things in a while, now it seems like I get it off my mind
Vele nkase nne strooi because my friends are all unwanted career crazy gays?
And the tweet has jinxed it... It hasn't risen so no on sale today afterall . Pizzaiolo is heartbroken. We'll
so you say you're bi b-but you hate pussy .... we live in a society but I've never said I'm bi
i'm gonna miss the training sessions every Saturdays and Sundays
Me neither bro
Really????
im trying to make it fun anyway congrats for getting it right
Stay Strong David
I'm sorry.
so you just tricked me into cuddling huh? ok though i mind
J'avoue
Love never gets tired but pain makes us weak.
been saying that shit for the past year hehe!
Nothing beats the beautiful packaging anyways
rant af akdjsjdjsj mind me im dumb (thicc )
Baby needs spoiling......feeling sad.
{41} Small update
God is a women and her name Jirou
how do you think chuuya reacted to dazai leaving the mafia jsjcjxakxdhs so its angst hours uh honestly i
quel "freaked out when you followed me" KAKDCUSJSJ I DONT DESERVE IT
ok to have a moment been having them lately too
i want to be a part of a jikook gdm please
That was too
May they all rest in peace...ameen
tasteless!
Scary
when will someone make me a playlist
Please get ur words back no network nothing
a Sunflower, a little funny. If i were a Rose, maybe pick me
Trying to laugh the pain away
Make society happy again ++
But Ik he needs the extra help and time to grow
500
shocked they provide food
Girlie I had the same exact dream the other day
So you see
DI NAMAN AKO NAWALA SA SUPERMARKET PERA KO LANG LUMIPAD
Yes poor him
just so sick of the same thing happening over and over again
Tbh, October betrayed me.
BC SAB KOI CRICKET KA MAJA UTTHA RAHA HAI
AUR HAM YAHA TWEET PADHTE CHAL RAHE HAI
Will surely miss these guys
Thats his first love right there
hsksk pLS not THAT bad ,, try it
bellie save one for me... who knows when i come back to sg HAHAHAHAH
so no ones gonna post pics of woojins halloween polaroids
post pre-calculus
Oh no! I'm sorry to hear that!
Yerr I feel like it's been October for way too long now
My health is 0% I feel worse everyday
i want to c*ddle
who would skin such a work of art....
last one day edit school starts tomorrow
the amount of pretty. odd. slander on my timeline recently..... its ok we all have taste
I kinda wanna start acting lessons but idk if I should
im sorry u didnt get the encouraging words u needed i hope the hot bartender will dom u properly
Sadly, now struggling with / Dementia...
Frank Worthington
Your love im not singer uwu
Hiii can you help me? Its been 3 days since me & talked, and i kinda miss her na. I've been sending
Poor Billy I was so scared for him
Bad day for single mothers everywhere
39. school
40. indonesian
if feeling crazy, tomorrow i might post selfies.. who knows though
I want to just stay in this house and not go back... Adult-ing is stressful
lo so amore
good morning how are you? you sleeeeep?
id pay money for that
i have such a low selfsteam
me too
switching btwn languages is so exhausting
Need something salty
I cant work properly
ang pogi ni tae uy shit thats true
I wake up feeling lonely as fuck
i brought up the ass eating i wanted to be a trendsetter
oof same they want us dead
I am not ready for this ship to sail yet
Mje apki emojis nhi show hui
thank u ur the only person iwcan trust
Ahhh
every two weeks she tells me still not grown like I already know
I want that bta DVD they gave out when harry performed at that Grammy event
Awww
I'm here. I'm your partner. Please don't make me feel like I'm one of them
wish I could say the same
I'm trying not to be on my phone skskkssj im sorrysjjshd and for the account too
because still awake. i need more sleep. doing alright very tired
Ah rip
really wanna watch some football action soon
Some patients really hit you in the heart.
what if .... cannot
lithen... i just woke up from my nappie...
As if be 2 years and 10 months since my grandad passed away tomorrow
No se ve.
i love yoongi so much
This is so upsetting
I know anyone named jayden but you, wys. Even if there was, get rejected by me.
Nganu wa gihapun buot
My SJ bucketlist:
Album collection
Supershow
KRY, D&E concert
-kelan kaya matutupad tong mga to
halo min bales dm sy
I been getting the best sleep of my life rn but no get this fucking bread
How can I forget everything too easily like you did??! it's hurt me
okayr yes maybe I AM short and ugly but lkke i have a good personality imwake people laugh sometimrs and im
es sapratu viss ok
was reviving the hashtag not enough for you
shaking my head
Nempel terus
I know you listened sorry been bussing that album it like its breathing since it dropped
I'm sad at the absence of sweet, curling hairs though yoh, I'm upset
i fallen
will troye ever announce more tour dates
We are unbearably sad to learn of the death of Bernard Loughlin, our first director. RIP.
honestly kinda DO want an AS reboot w/ kirinz in it instead of a new group but i guess either is fine....
Alas stuck at work But I'm the only one in so, you know, I'm on Twitter
I love you all, I am honestly dreading the day this season run ends.
and what about it
Same girl really hope we all get the tickets we will! Insyaallah
im not expecting to win anywayyy
*world
I want fish and grits but only got grits
i found nothing guess we going lonely
hope things are going smoothly man sucks about the hoose at least you this guy.
thankyou for all the memories u have given me. know tht u found a new person, i hope she dosen't hurt u like how i hurt u
Tu me manque tellement ma princesse
No butch eye candy
That moment when a UI Student got himself burnt while performing fire stunts during Mr UI show.
He's been
Stop
thi s is a rare chance in a lifetime but who wants my 500 tc.
started off as close friends
Joseph Khan never blocked me, not a true army
I love them more than anything.
Definitely that pissed me off
Imagine having such a backwards attitude in this day and age?? The poor woman
Whats so adorable
Just Not The Same Man
Reviens en bon
He always is
we are But u cant use it when u harass me like this
Out of the entirety of the league of legends community/riot staff, you chose to hate on Captain Flowers?
You come out with me
I know who to tag, though
Unfortunately yes
I recently lost my cat safe to say there is nothing worse then losing a cat and it sucks, I am so
I have so many vlives to catch up with
u wore it tho
find the Venus de Milo.
The distressing sensation of courage under someone's computer
a shoulder to cry on, and a person to hug on please
Seeing someone you seen in years and they smell like fish
never get tired of saying this but
i miss bts
Wait fr me okay
win the lottery last night
I miss you
wake up, bob. open your eyes. sleep all the time
neways why is the tl screaming it's too early for this
We really were
Appalling it
No fatty bits for me still
sorry if i made you worried
...whaT?
I would say this is a reach but God himself told me it was true
The truth hurts, huh?
someone wanna come here and catch my hugs please
Who knows, ask Jimin
Me listening *Seeyou again
And over-thinking about mah homies ilove
Mid valley & IOI Mall
How I wish I can go
We only realize that we love the person once they're gone.
thank you miss izie
I just feel like sleeping on that day
I wanna f***k Sneaky
LMAOOOOOO stop gonna tell them
Mess
My friends shit
Did they not drop me off to go sleep kanti they still going back to the club?
almost two months
That's actually something I really struggle with, bro
p.s.: don't forget to moisture!
Hindi ako masaya !
if i think about it well, if bts would come to romamia o sa dea taximetristii peste ei daca pun picioru in bucuresti/constanta
not oomf calling me corny because i defended jennie
Cold
guess what i will probably go alone uwu,, pt oofs is anyone willing to go see it with me
get namanana to 2m whores
The lomfl
I can never get over deaths of babies.
Come Seyi *Group Hug*
i need a tuto on how to make a qq music account
i know That Time Of The Month is comin bc i started tearing up jus thinking abt bts
one of our happy pill died hirap malagasan ng isa We will miss DH rest in peace bilog
6:23.. sad because the Buckeyes lost, I went to bed and the Bengals play on prime time
Pero yung totoo miss Kon motorq.
Couples like to on the phone / call . Everywhere everytime and anywhere. But not for me anymore
I don't know who this super sass barman who assisted in my drunkeness is, so I can't tag him ...
Flooding your timeline of my Taiwan trip last year I just really miss traveling..
since we're sappy for vinyl
ff to nov 17
dumb anyway
Bangene bangene. I can't believe the silence
Exactly
I can't wait to see a Bangtan Bomb of with SonSungDeuk's baby.
Please make it happen.
and * damn bitch
Im still sad that even my parents didnt even greeted me they really forgot my birthday
emotionally exhausted. Just numb towards everything. I even empathize with people.
i would agree but i saw your video yesterday and realized that you werent promoting mint for us
This is sad
Seventeen
- Soonyoung
- the rest of 96 line FOTONYA UDH LAMA BGT
- Seungkwan
- Minghao
Too often
KINDA STRESSED BECAUSE MY OLD CYBER ACCOUNT HAS BEEN SUSPENDED. By the way can you DM me your
My stummy hurt
FUCK IT, iDC about followers, i just want army friends uwuwuwu
My apology for being not around in behalf of your warm invitation
Wishing your kindness to
so disappointed
Its hurt me everytime
well i know but at least it's fun
Same here in Germany even though he's coming here I don't know many of his fans
o j8sung ta chorando meu deus
Or maybe being boo boo the fools again
send it
i get called a loona 97line whore
ik i just rted that thing about zayn but to be fair i still have an iphone 5s
These dogs are still missing! Let's get them home!
Were stolen, Ella killed EN6
Watching these ppl are desperate for love n I feel sorry 4 them
When did you ever
A warm hug plsss
en fin amo a stray kids
I bias the whole of bts at this point
Sell salah, buy hazard
Aj Sunday ha ap na fb pr hon
Na tweeter pr ap ho kha
Don't like it that the isn't on TV, next year as to be better. Now I've to stream the bloody matches
this is too much for my heart
Thousand of feelings hide
Millions of emotion collide
Blown it out during a ride
Hello ate , ikaw
i wish i had this kind of money to spend
so shit
my face.
Rogue et le Noir was already sold out when we reached the end of the queue but I at least got
Maybe I'll be able to attend a concert one day
THIS BIG ASS LIE IVE ACCEPTED EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THEM
not changing anything stubborn guy tbh. Really disappointed
bff motivate me
so he wearing his own merch
A good guy but more on self interest
Twitter keeps inventing new things for me to be offended by
Why does this always happen
My feelings matter
Sorry love
That was mean & do they have keys? gna end up doing it last minute. When the stage is being done
Apparently, Bolton has finally managed to have it his way
The look is fucking different in person
I got shallow eyes. So weak, so weak.
I feel so bad when ppl still read my jaepil au cos I never finish them sorry jaepil nation, failed you
i miss nd it hasnt been even one (1) day
maybe if you stanned DIA this wouldn't have happened
I'm sorry! Your videos are so very sexy!
My daughter wanted to go too! I think going to be a long time before we see them again.
They aren't callted bulletproof boys for nothing
I love you too, but baby, Malaysia, come, please, why are you so stubborn
I was so close but so far away
Is he even real?
When there accounts set up siceka amacent wethu
And here we go again ....
Still conflicted I see
NEG now NEPP
so fucking sick
10velys try making cult and make new account im okay if he's bald but if he get mullet
i'm truly sorry but it really happened to me but i believe not every taxi driver is like that,
tired
big seok, pls tell tae to post smth
I believe either
gonna be inactive all day because i gotta learn 2 geography units for tomorrow
I really want to know what people screamed that made them laugh
i want to reread all your glory but i already know whats going to happen by heart
How about chaeyeoni?
you are the love of my life honey
not there mate unfortunately
Me too
I woke up every hour last night.
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh got a boyfriend i bet he kiss ya
525
For the ladies in prison, who carters for their pads? This hits my mind right inside the church
are jarmys/karmys hiding stuff from us again
Me, trash tho at
I miss her so much
I only see you in my dreams
He put up w all my attitude, smart as mouth, stubborn & my cry baby ass
Han Jisung cry please we love you so much
Why I sleep!? I was sooo sleepy y se me fue el
Ketawa
Bts will you come to Germany next year? please I go to your concert there were not enough tickets
Hoping bukan one day je
I got nothing left.
we will miss you have a safe trip back and please stop ignoring my friend
My dad is a Republican
i am annoying as Heck but :( i just love dreamies with all my heart but i aint good at words so i can only
i think we need to go somewhere far, far away
Wow i wish i have skin like yours anyway i hope you get a good rest and food!!
starting to pity him but then I remember that this is fun
Anxiety
my ex ult in berlin huh
Alrd did kan-! Sorry for the delay though
can someone pLEASE send me some nsfw yoonmin fanarts
gonna work on clearing my ps4 games this week for rdr2, the things I do for the goty
Gajadi nanya deh
I'm always so scared to ask for God's will to be done when I pray.
Hayyy some people just don't know what 'personal space' means
its not my fault if im fine asf
Broke a glass, punched the door, hot oil in my fingers. Lord, tama na po.
my uber driver cancelled love that for me
Pls pray fer me that I'll be fine
I miss morning phone calls with Phenix hope doing alright sis
Chalo ab tweet delete karo awain galian day ray ho
can someone pLEASE send me some nsfw yoonmin fanarts ,, I accept top/btm/switch anything ym
No one likes a smart ass but at least I'll reply to you
W-why is hopekook so underrated!!????? cuz hoseok is the token straight friend so hopekook and all hobi ships
i love you thank you for working hard stay healthy mr. and take care of rj please , don't forget to say please jssksksksk
jk, i l*ve and i miss this
dapo says it always without censor
Very wrong
Hello, YooA unnie! Finally I have YooA unnie in my timeline.
Which book do you like, unnie?
I want to go on a road trip to nowhere
Chan
back and neck on that jet
ma prof de philo me mank
2golk give me a chance
He really tries too hard to make us laugh
acc nya seventeen, pristin, nuest dll
me too
Awww! I miss you guys too
udah y
actually so offended by this
This
someone be the fullsun to my sunflower
Fling cocky inna white gal and buss off pon di Confederation Flag
How can he not see his trumpism
perfeita sem defeito
My phone memory seeing me save uncountable BTS and JiKook pictures.
my stomach hurts
I want to have sex with a black girl. *Sigh.*
Crying seems to be the only thing at the moment
yes this will be my main from now on
are you my parents
fuck thats my hand tho stop shaming me
really gonna be winter all visit long
hets have brain cells
thanks
Also, does anyone want to watch 'Inside Out' with me later?
i want to rt tweets but she went private jsjksks unlock it for 1 second juseyo
worlds misses you wangho
I WANT TO GO TO TYRE SO BAD, why does it have to be so far, i wanna take cool new pix
Seeing your tweets make me sad but yenno, it was already in my mouth
Everything has changed.
We all make typos. Poor woman (or bloke). Someone feels betrayed somewhere.
Update: Your own heart be a double edged sword
Sai just crashed while i was measuring
Mon a fait un bond pendant 2 secondes
the last remaining scraps of namjin
you fool us, we know u lying
Lily you look nice but just trynna see your bank card
i am boo boo the fool
All I ever wanted was for you to love me
This pain will goes away
What did i ever do to deserve such am okey not having a wiso
I just really hate that word. I feel sick to my stomach
Wish I could loose this unhappy feeling constantly
i cant believe i missed the chance to pet 3 dogs yesterday, wasted opportunities
i can barely see the twibbon someone come through and make a bigger one
ka bad ng kamay mo oy. haist
I'm getting tired of myself wanting you to notice me. I guess that'll never happen anymore
Yeah
today and yesterday are my cheat days. tomorrow i will start an intense diet for a month then I will have a
Sigh
i cant wait for my break to talk to you but i guess its a no then
where did u get that white fluffly jacket pleathe cotton on but it sux
if u read that security code from there ur loss
Hello, it's me. Hello, can you hear me? Hello from the otherside. I'm sorry, so so sorry..
that live was 30 minutes long but it seemed like 5 ugh
E toko hange koau anepo kuo mei e hoku mafu he fute i Massey Rd mo mangere town centre. Toe pe ke kihe ambulance
You don't kick a when he's down bro. This is low.
I wish girls would shoot their shot instead of staring at you
I miss him. He was so cute this day
Barca? You guaranteed entry to that?
Hass lo
If you're at a very old age i don't think you will say these people are just overreacting..
save sum coochie for the rest of us
ksjsjdkdndkj i wish i could write one myself
I would love to see you too bae
Pat Riley set us 5 years back with those 2017 signings I blame u
thanks to this, gue di sma 3x nge dance wkwk
Takes a lot of heartbreak along the way did for me anyways
Ud block me for anything else again
Diam la syark
the one we should love
someone photoshop jaehyun and mark out and put doyoung beside jeno please
the mbb in me will rest until their next softer concept
can exo like exist forever? i dont want them ded, i need their music. i need exo. mooommmm i want to cryyyyy
libby me weekendwhore
I feel rlly attacked
yoongi imy pls tweet
Not sleepy tho
Wish I could but work calls
this hurts my heart on so many levels
Lost 1000 coins in ball pool
I hate this smell. It reminds me of you
good wifi? in utb? Nah,, not yet
she snapped. she snatched!
leave us alone
i craved for iced coffee but i got johnn lemon instead saaaaaaad
Bye 360
my head is throbbing and you treat me like this idc the hearts stays and no changing it byeyeu
please can you do a video about controlling oily face , I have an oily face. Please do it.
would probs sell a kidney for the shattered backboards
Thank you Ella that means a lot to me x
Prayers for you and your family Jermon
why do i always feel sad every night
Just let my man play fortnite smh
seokmin better open an ig acc
animalphobic
I love you
younghoom saying he likes chicken feet when its raining.......... as if i'm not already aware that he loves
yes dec 25 jesus' birthday
i was so mad when i found out
but then i get any calls
Not all of us. Some of us know where our bread is buttered
wonho's DDAENG
but then i have any calls from anyone
How to cheer up a brother who thinks he didn't do so well in the nmat?
Anglican Church & their ceremony service. . Sermon never start and almost midday
ne mi se veruva deka neam barem edna irl drugarka sho gi slusha bts the homophobia jumped out
no electricity
Alitagtag, Batangas
I need coffee
Yes lord sister from where only you
no amount of sleep in the world could cure the tiredness i feel
Javed Sir WhatsApp pe Kuch important pucha h.. reply krdo please
But "Black Mamba" is a snake , arrest her foh her thinking
damn probably not gonna have time to grab breakfast
Give me $5bn then my life will restart and then I'll control peoples mind
I had chance to play the game yet over Thursday, Friday, Saturday and today,
Good morning
let's hope ss just hiding that photocard
Kathe sorry
Not this time too
wow thanks
Or not say it at all and be a positive account
I know, bro, I know
For we brezz lover very hard. Sigh
how y'all sleeping on namkook when joon was basically jungkook's first love
First classico since 2010 without the two GOATS
HAHAHHAHAHA BAGSAK
What made you hate me
Aaja fer
Imagine being at a whole ass stray kids concert
Uhmmm that was disappointing for the price.
my brain said: wake up and I had no choice
INI REAL JO-KIBUN EX SUJU DULUNYA DATING SHUT UP
I'm a bit sad coz Loisa didn't win But, I know, this is just the start of more opportunities for
caught up with all my webtoons and sad , someone send me good ones
Getwell Soon Leo
but i still only get bread crumbs
Ahhhh!!gutted for you. Great race. Keep smiling.
i follow mostly hobi stans so i saw that he was left out again
I used to feel this way ...
Unlimited wifi is the thief of a productive study session.
Nobody Dies a Virgin.... Life Fucks us All
tried, I sleep in.
Wish I could
unfortunately
sorry i love you
Cali swag
Kimse demiyor
can ******* and I date? Pls I will send him cute selcas and clingy texts
My bed smells like Reyes i miss his potato head ass
Pommes ohne Mayo
keep sending me stuff pls i crave attention hehe
the song previews on 10pm kst as usual
I wish he would wake up it is 6:44
i hate you for this
Lee thanat sama gue
Chocked
so you're just gonna scroll past without saying howdy & FOLLOWING ME
Di naman ko mabuhi ata
tell him I love him please
Look at my bestie I miss you so much
Wow... man. Tough choice. I help you choose. I like both equally. Mayhaps try TS-ing as
the lie jungkook
He need to follow her, he got her eyes tattooed on his chest
Neh? I see why you didn't win Miss SA
I feel sorry for all his clients not getting a well rounded edge
couldnt agree anymore
everytime i see the word six on my tl i get excited but always just that meme
OU
It was a good weekend. See you in 2 weeks time
Jimin lagi comel uwu
I ate the gravy on my lamb. With the flour. Failed but could have been worse. I could have VERY easily binged
more like a third of a ghost
bitch- even send ur bro hearts to represent ur l*ve for them without getting criticism these days sad
how long will it take
The catarrh that comes with malaria. Lethal
I only wish I knew what to do
dont own one
my top genes flared up and now i cant carry my purse around so i appear masc
Integrity is such an incredibly rare thing these days..
someone pls link me the good place season 3 netflix only has 4 episodes and i want to bine
sis ive been thro that
Yes thank you a lot you are very true about that so I'll at least try to not have any regrets!! fuck meb
Fr
trying his best
i feel special i dont deserve I'll miss u too
ikr I'd get hit by a car if he said it was cool
Unfortunately 4am and dry
Poor people really have it hard
Actress belter. Mind game city.
I shoulda went to the office last night
My thoughts
I had to they deserve to know what and how kim lip can make them feel
it is law to love n consume every single thing mx put even if they weren't a part of it jazz u should know this by now
what is the truth
the only thing people care about on stan twitter is being gay
Someone bring me backwoods
a princesa mais bonita desse mundo
Sick and Tired.
Agust D and Hope World flops. Mono is going legendary
it is law to love n consume every single thing mx put out even if they weren't a part of it jazz u should know this by now
I miss you (Batman ftw )
i'm sorry to everyone i completely didn't listen to, but i didn't want anything bad to happen
the resemblance is uncanny
hello loves, please give my minjoon thread some love
Love get well soon pray always salig lang ni Lord I LOVE YOU
pls listen to this devotee's request all u activists n media channels
I am sorry to say it was. I had not woke up yet.
I wish I can get my dad back ion speak on his death cause a how other type of hurt
Give me $5bn then my life will restart and then I'll control people's mind
?? u mean long time no see?? i missed u btw
who could it be?
Please send healing vibes to my poorly kitten
I need right now.
need to stop scaring dae saying someone behind him the second time this year already scare my baby
Ugh. My glasses just broke so guess ensuring Buhari gets voted out?
responsible for this. Idc.
thank you ily
I wanna go to the fair
Imissyousomuch
Dah tanya. And this is the answer
I think so too today it's golf with the boys
Happy Sunday, but i was forced to go to church tho, were you?
Vore who is she i only know VOPE
Lets see how long more I can do this
Sigh
so mean
Bitch the power went off last night and my phone was fucking dead
Has Grimes been feeding him
in this together
Don't leave us Mommy A
Sorry
not to be gross but he loves you
i knowww everything about their relationship is so precious, they're always there for each other
Lord, I see what You're doing for others. Pls, do the same for me
my voice is having an identity crisis shut up
I knooooow it's not a pleasant issue to deal with for the money bags this thing costs.
Ugh, I miss BTR
u know im saying the truth
Justice for Nao.... Please
So true maybe the younger ones will get it it time or maybe not as for those of us who have lived
I just want to run away with everything
So many transfers needed!
A Place Where I Would Like To Live In :
London Uk
It was a mistake.
Cutesy stuff never failed to make me fall in love.
Curse youu!
omg everyone d** i want to go live
Come hangout with me > on
sighs ill stop with taeyong though id cry out of regret not getting his official merch but
Danni can you send me this over please pal? Sounds ace! Hope well mate
What Yoongi wants, Yoongi gets. I DON'T make the rules
that's a good thing
Bubur pls hm
Almost half year been in shah alam. So sad.. Knowing that by next month I have to leave shah alam again gonna
Sorry will eat two pieces together
why want to break the mutual hhh dm me first if gonna unf so that i know
But I thought I was the love of your life
Apologies, that should be found. Back to typing school
ik ik crass and unoriginal i will try to be better
I'm never gonna get a girl, so why even live?
ily queen of soap im afraid soap has defeated me
Press play. That moment when a UI Student got himself burnt while performing fire stunts during Mr UI show.
yeah that would be fucking nice thanks netflix
I like finger waves because seen too many gone wrong
Exam ki chadutanoo, insta refresh chesthu untano aa roju
Still wish they took him too but I'll take whatever i get
When I tell you, I'm afraid if everyone leaves me, you tell me "I did not leave you" but now you leave me, you've broken your promise
so funny
girls like when a vulture cry
Imagine downloading exo
Sorry, the choir name was said for sure but I was not able to understand it
Less than 80 of these beautiful creatures are left in their natural habitat. Us humans really are the very worst
still can't draw this closing bracket accurately!
I so miss bacon sandwiches. have one for me please
i think i'm too excited that i thought joon's mixtape drop tonight
Flu is in full swing right now can't go 2 minutes with a runny nose although I am gonna try to do a
Just gping back to my hotel ....I really know why like this
Ok gear first, then exhaust, sorry Ivy gotta protect myself first
i guess this is what happens when you decide to take shifts that people want
Tengok story semua up pre convo
see if anyone I know wants them. Just remembered travelling back from holiday on that day
Please
She cried because she was happy.. and hurting at the same time.
That's a really huge sentence to make
2 days down 2 more to go enjoying Manila life so far. Except LRT 1 rides
Fr I need you to move up here, we have extra space now
Nah, this is poor
And you're under his roof thinking of knacking his woman
at least the rest is still alive
I'm not.
Woke up but congrats to Purdue. You won't be so lucky next time!
Ugh i love you
I want to join the spooky night with the crackheads but
G pas mal parler
wow
i hope you and others who are french can send the news station some mature responses, unacceptable
this is literally by are you kiddin me... loss
He's a real nowhere man
Sitting in his nowhere land
Making all his nowhere plans for nobody
Had to be rose
Sunday without you isn't Sunday
Right!? Long time no see. I'm glad to be here again.
Is there a live stream for these? We wanna watch them too
I'm not ready for nonutnovember
i want to **** him
Always missing by one number
goodbye goodbye stage
good job missing a vlive with tae AND hoseok IM GONNA CRY
What more this devil really works harder than Satan himself
Gone now, just like most wild tigers
Idk where to start
dreams become reality in a quick space of time
am i included?
Ma copine me manques reviens
not to be repetitive but i love stray kids so much
The good old days I miss you both
Hibernated real sht. Am I really that tired?
that's violent
This is no wonder the rate is at epidemic levels
my 6+ has been switched off for nearly a year, I'm not even sure it'll turn back on anymore
Absolutely
This speaks for many of us, I feel.
I know
I just want someone loyal enough to join me to eat our way around the world
Where were those days !!!
i tweet about how tired i am all day yet i still only sleep 2 hours a night
good morning freezing and hungry but go get this bread I guess
So what we will you do with this attention now
whipped is my middle name
Cant live without you so please stay with me.
Oh so sorry Have to admit it helps my mh a lot. I am very lucky as well that its
Feeling so shitty right now people can be so fake and annoying sometimes !!!
Danm sister thats rough
i stepped on my xbox controller
PADA GA KENAL W.
Is sy acha so jao
I guess be going alone
someone give me 40 followers
My favorite AIC song. No doubt. Sad, but amazing.
Missed to meet..
Injured again
Yep, Sheridan, Crozier, Neale, Sutcliffe and Forster
rip chan's hair but i'll love my man nonetheless
Aameen
Okey enough with Ali and Cihan need Mahir in her life now
I agree with what her dad said
Damn that's rough
I want to cook carbonara
Yes unnie, so i prefer not to quote my own tweet anymore and wait until my account is repaired.
I hate it
i missed you but you go back to sleep anyway
Oh no pls tell me it at least wasn't to his face or in front of him or anything like that??
Still takes his full salary and allowances right? And we the people have to contribute for it...
I respect a person who pays a car instalment of 10K pm, that's a salary kumina
it went exactly like that
trust me, i was the color
W-why? I don't bite.
Miss u hair
slowly starting to like haircut
I need a motivative hug
Guess going to have a shitty morning.
im pretty sure she can still my acc if she searches for my old
OK I love a good magic moment but it happens not often
So sad the cemetary is heartbreaking
And for some reason, whatever remembering is lost in some way
I'm blocked except by Joseph Kahn
adele stan what do you expect
....i dont understand a thing bab 6
cus he got a bad haircut
thanks it means a lot when someone personally helps me get into a group it i can stan them so much more quickly and easily
I missing home
not crying can they just say boyfriends and go
Wtf
Like a few times a day
Minjoon namseok
jungkook proposed to me because he thinks cute sjdhakjdjs my lungs
what im doing tomorrow: i have work
This is so heartbreaking RIP Kuya Ej
Really difficult to encourage students to go beyond the typical historical narratives when up-to-date sources are inaccessible.
sumn send some hugs please
I love all your art and humor in it. sad that people would do such things
That's not funny at all
just order a Dom
he really said fuck army lives and left it at that
this will be me if i can have one
How is this shit still happening today
imagine harry hugging you like THIS
I only have one.
And there are some who are anti Pak...
look like the pictures im disappointed
someday someone's gonna love me. the way I wanted you to need me.
I try mel i swear i try sometimes
oh baby , we all are .
( In urge to change my muse into Park Jihoon or Shuhua. )
Sorry.
I'm so sorry text me please.. I'm ALWAYS here for you
but like mira said sacrifices have to be made
i even zoomed it in
I crushed in Settlers of Catan about a week ago and he spoken to me since
we dont want yeehaw part 2 we want something new and EVEN BETTER
yes me too !!! i literally take my yoongi photocard everywhere with me
They feel pain! Stop hurting them! No one deserves to be treated like this!
Wish I can be the old me again
ya Allah this October also is the baddest month for me
damn I was trying to get badbyemyg now I know who took it well at least it's in good hands
my phone is 4% & like an hour left until i leave school we down streaks
He made me use it chief
He deleted it
don't we all
when hoseok does this face ... I'm not a slut but who knows
I think I'll love you better now.
i hope you find someone to share with, maybe in the zumba class
My favourite sex toy has to a sticky can be so cruel
it just comes and goes
how much is it because a sister is desperate
*stupid and fake people
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he
Why is he back in our viewing lives?
21. Only arabic and english still a bilingual hoe
I can't
but
Sometimes, it's okay not be okay
true. guess brexit does mean brexit
maybe I deserve it
It's hard. And it's tough. Where is my safehaven? Idk
had only one for the past 3 years
But some people do kinna look like that...
Not as ethereal as him but still for
GOD knows what's the best for her; Amen!
Sharp sharp weekend don finish
1. Calista
2. 26/11
3. Single
4. 3 lobe 1 cartilage, I want a conch but scared
5. Tbh Idk and idk how
Was all ready and excited for a session and when it came to deposit the sub disappeared I'm not even mad
Bitch Germany you had one (1) job
(But at least they got the members right)
a friend called me and asked me if i'm ok and am I crying or not is
luv this kind of friend
Aur hamesha rahenge
It's sad that even her mates are walking 5 steps ahead
Fuck I miss this. Raves where u at?!
My baby brought his baby to work. This life is hard.
Sorry for your sad loss, sending my thoughts your way during this sad time
jumps on you. i mith you too.
Last ryuko for some time.
need more lashglue mine is empty
.
.
.
.
.
Aye-aye
Is that an indirect attack, sir?
I hate you
i want them..... so- so bad
people keep unfollowing me
what I did?!
Please delete this, man
- I
3anjad when
dah lah. i cant be frieds with yall
sad i literally missed all of their new songs but at least i got to witness their live vocals
Gusto ko mag study pero ang weather dli maki cooperate
ok but an army everyone in kpop is subscribed to an army block list </3
So sad but all too often seeing this as far back as I can remember
If baseunim will held a game tonight, I can't attend (again).
A le hice mal?
Ah nee Marloes knuffel!
ok back to normal life i gotta finish my reqs now hfdnnsms
dm you
Happy Birthday - forever missing her
skt need you come back please
you see? trying to fix everything -your friend
my children now using me for tickets they learn so fast
I wait to go sleep but I kinda dont want to cause I kinda wanna spend the day with baby
ahhh bordel mais regardez nous on est trop choups
I'm out here listening to Brandy. Sundays are the loneliest shame...
walang sembreak is real
A relationship is looking nice right about now
22 oct : burn the stage ticketing
27 oct : ly sg ticketing
Bismillah
Hays na hospital nasad si lolo Praying for his fast recovery Ayaw pa luya2 lo
So sorry to hear about your dog. Wishing him a speedy recovery and you all the strength and support
I miss you. I know i pero been 2 months na rin siguro nung huli tayong magka usap. just
Ke bo mpya bona bo that has us numb to ur cries bout being smashed and blocked
How awful
More babe
And my app crashed... what in hell I do to deserve this.. Urghhhh
He has the prettiest smile
....
You really want me to cry huh
right i want to fucking die... catch me buying it for $200 from a shitty reseller
block me hoe
mmf most my days are adults
dm
she was ahead of her time
Hello, not really sure becausw I encountered this. sorry, pls ask other fanbases.
Please comeback asap, I miss you already.
had a bible test today and I'm gonna score 5/20
I'm listening to the Christmas albums already even though there are 2 months left
yoongi is a creature of comfort
Forgot to transfer money
utile ce
I literally had one of the worst dreams
kr stay really living their best lives
May sipon si Bea Get well, !!!
Do you ever get scared your leg stanky enough for someone
ill try tomorrow
if i was at my parents house id be eating good i ran out of my moms food rip
hays cheer me up pls (aasa ako 1/2, char 1/2)
Really wanted to do my hair but my head is too buzzed!
Only for a few days tho
Big girl na baby ko.
Velasco's Boarding House
I don't know if i could stop eating spicy foods
Why it be the two of us? Who are you?
I miss u chubby cheeks
I just tried putting a normal shoe on and my foot is apparently still a bit swollen
imissyou
First my bike breaks down and now just a few days later my laptop is shot.. I'm cursed with bad luck
And I
It might be
oooFfff i miss stray kids im having that post-concert thing and im not even at the actual showcase
7 am and still dark as fuck outside
why put wolves when walking in the wind is literally alive and thriving
how am i gonna call him the Love of My Life when he hates me
preach sister
I booked executive class and my seat is broken and you have no wine on a train at 1pm...so disappointed
Watching Hoarders makes me so sad
the truth jumped out
(((
Really need a whiteboard here sa dorm!!!
Fock you
who knows what powers wuxian possesses.....i thought he give wangji the fuck of the century leave me alone
*shudder*
I hate heights
and bridges.. and piers..
I can relate with you
how come people can look beautiful with glasses and i look like an ugly idiot
It's summer dress season...
I miss those moments
don't deny the truth faith
amazing But even more infuriating than number 1!! You will understand when you watch it! Such an injustice
Auto unmood
i just saw it now
This is a torture for Soapies
i want that 500php jaemin transparent fan but my allowance says no
we have usable plugs for students in our school
na selfish na lage ko ron self why ?
Going to be strange seeing in the opponents colours today
my stummy hurt
Lo se
Press f to pay respects to all the VCRs we will never get to see...
I relate dont hv a boyf but sticking w my phone 24hrs
ignoring all the strange scary men in your comment section
sis burn the stage gonna be lit
U forgot America's Got Talent, James Corben and Ellen. We still might have missed more
oof, your face would be filled on my account. i might look like an obsessive stalker.
Praying these girls get home safe soon. Cant believe this could happen
If twices variety shows are being confirmed already then when is exo gana confirm variety shows
I hope he asks me to come over and play his switch with him
Agreed. Totally unacceptable
KSJSKSK BYE
she was iconic
i wanna give her the biggest hug
my mum is calling an ambulance im really scared rn
Even your appearance was still breathtaking with your teary-eyes.
bc i might attend nct's if ever
we are going to miss you, baby
i am still in denial ... and he still hates me.... so why would i say there
awake and i want to go to my McJob in like 2.5 hours
sorry for not posting! are you still interested in this?
I dread getting out of bed for work lately
got a huge spot aswell x
Wanted to just sleep until tomorrow morning but i have a group discussion tonight
Last day of feeling 22
It's out right now
WHAT SADNESS..
FCSB expresses regret for the passing of one of the biggest football players in Romania's
i know right
Hey! That's my MP you're talking about. . .now you see why I don't ask him for help with anything
I love you
RS-DP is forever no matter what
i thought it was platonic
Oh really?
wowowo another tuduhan yg tak benar
I blame myself. It was me the one who control my anger. I shouldnt do that and i must be more wise & calm
But I was not asking for the tips from ya
It doesn't match
rude
tbh im still sad that spring day in the setlist
i lovr him so much he deserves the whole world and more
alright choose the plot twist pls
Two seasons only had two pairs of boots out of my price range .. so bought a burger instead.
Uhf his scoring streak in the UCL wld pause.
I really hope he scores alot in this ucl.
Lord, please make me strong. Stronger, perhaps
Lovely bit of wood on that A5 too sorry for you
Literally all I wear at the minute is my oversized dungarees because the only thing I feel comfortable in
Up getting ready for work
duda ko ma complete kami this christmas. Never thought christmas 2017 would be the last nga kompleto
Tout est dit !
you should dm, maybe you guessed the right person i just did
wow.. My dreams crushed
It's hard to be something when you're not
this coulda been us
i wouldnt let anyone touch the pc too .... if i had it
he didnt have to say that thoughtful bub
there all amazing this year. Really choose want to see them all next week but we
how am i sad every day??
whats your stan twt account? you stan exo am i right? secret :) and yes im a hardcore exol
Hey drop polling here. I'm bored
Ohh
Sorry
today might not be my day.
The days
Ive been at a pokestop with lure for a while and not seen 1 beldum in the last 20 minutes. :s.
it's been 6 years they haven't contacted me abt my appointment i'm so emo
be deaf use your ears listen
i'm so sorry mate
Alcohol injurious to health anna
I hate taking medicine
So Our President Buhari is in trouble, if he have friends like Lia Mohamed around him. So
I want to hold his hand
So that's how I missed this year's felaboration
only 10 days left of october and my man still made me a spooky basket
hjghj now that the splatfest is finished in japan but still running in aus im struggling to find games again
My weakness
sorry, thrown out.
its prob nice na meron kang irl friend na have the same interest as u
This is disappointing Making an artwork is a skill of both the hand and of the mind. Consider all the effort an
he be lookin' like not just a snacc, but a full-course meal
Bollocks Long Crichel
representation of my life through :-
Qatar received a worth of rain yesterday, and still raining hard today this region is not used to rain.
No matter how painful you made me feel, I still understand why I love you this much aaaaa.
yeah im aware but i see people cry, i always start crying too
I woke up randomly sorry
(( eek why did i have to have to go to today what goes on folks
I've always known I'm a disappointment to my Tswana tribe
Lesbain sounds cute tho
please let me go nalang huhu you already have a girl na, why waste your time on me paman
um mind to explain why you have my post notifications on
I hate everyone except iPhone he really do brighten my day
rip i have the worst cough
Shes getting hate again
Kenapa la concert bts kat singapore
It's been lonely last night.
No, please god no, the dolphin cries would deafen the world.
Dont tell it to he would be very sad
Head hurting
done that also.
I thought I was on the only one
My imaginations run so wide when on it
I one for animal tweets but what an amazing animal and we have cunts going around shooting them for fun
headache
the weight of knowledge (his failed thesis)
I miss my home, my soul mate, my best friend, my Carlo
me: *insert scared me but it definitely gave me a meme
mais
Sorry to hear about your sad loss
sorry b.
taken for an idiot from the beginning
Sorry sweet eu comi ontem eheh
Im from israel and the game just show me GPS signle not found (11)
im so tired of everything!!!!
I hope tae will answer it on his next vlive
What's wrong with me? Ba't ka umiiyak self?
Highest beldum so far is 82%
deepika and ranveer are getting married im happy for her but some part of me always thought she'd end up w ranbeer
With a tumor of nazis located in the
I understand how someone can move on so quickly when a baby involved. Like you even try ....
Perihan teyze orospusu
I REALLY miss Fish Mooney
taehyung is so fond of hoseok pleasejsjsk he literally looks at him he hung the moon and put all the stars in the sky
Just why?
fraser... u really said toy story 1 with ur whole chest when toy story 3 was a thing
also ridding me off my job
Don't get my hopes up
shut up ure rly being this cute to me rn
Biar ratio following dia skinny kak
You working with me? I just tried calling out and Onj let me
the invite has expired
Every time my parents leave it gets harder to say goodbye, not knowing when I'll see them again
Caught feelings for a bro, now if only he could catch this dick
Yes I did try and splat him by flanking him (numerous times) but was protected by his team
lemme kiss those plump ass lips for yuuuuhhh
As a servant my job in FL 4 now is done, now the real responsibilities kick in praying for traveling mercies
I wanna watch Miraculous so bad...but the subtitles aren't done, yet
Will they drop something tonight?
WVENBDDB starship got us
That's true
My former bestfriend chatted me. And thats started our deep conversation i really missed her
twitter really fucks it up
jealousy is a disease
Yoooo been saying this
back to studying love my best boys so much
It was just a question
bdhsjs im sorry but aa birds are so cute :(
GOD IM SO SCARED!!! LET HER BE SAFE
We have another week!
Can tomorrow come faster
Money buy you happiness
never going to be a grandpapa then!!! drops to knees, shaking fist in the air.
i should took you out for a meal
working wednesday, i might not be back in time to watch live
Oh hun Sending you lots of love and healthy vibes.
I'll do a sketch for you tonight
I want too but new.
do Sunday night so gutted.... would have loved an old style Sunday
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
tired.. Well I care anymore. Just let it be..
water fork, annoying
heey ooMiss SA bethu.
1 month already
impulse buys of the day
They have forgotten all what he did for them at Chelsea,
Ronaldo effect
Can hobi post a selfie too so i can sleep peacefully tonight
i just wanted to kick estinien's ass now im sad again
Hope okay! Being away from your baby is the worst feeling ever.
WHO GIVES THEM THE RIGHT TO BE SO !! PLS I MIGHT B CATCHING F******S I DONT KNOW HOW TO PROCESS THAT SHIT
I don't know either
smth abt this angle that melts my heart
We're has my eight days off gone. .
just making sure uwu i don't wanna lose you
vote
| |
why I need to say oh how I missing...- ( q ^ o ^ p ) -
niestety
I've never suffered from headaches before but the past week or so I've had one every day and it's really getting to me now
omg wheres my award
i miss black haired Jeno.
Man I love Tom Holland but since in there, gotta go.
I miss you.
The old us.
ily
too bad this is a serious opening.
ako anha dira or ikaw anhi dri? huhuhuhu wa man tingali koy brain cells paita aning bulok ta
Chest pains are the worst
Ich mag das ICH KANN NICHT MEHR | Joey's Jungle
Yah belum Aley minta padahal
May the luck always with you too unnie!
Nggak nggak boleh...
Uhh look how sad this is. It must be very hard and depressing when your faves can't give you enough attention.
Ok but follow me first
red haired taehyung please come back
help I already hate uni
Kk gprnh fill empty space beside me..
Damn.. he really be that fine huh?
the audacity to call yourself a jennie stan when you talk shit about her
52 years today
we dying too young , leaving kids behind what are we suppose too tell the children. Grow Up & Pick n Choose
I guess this is my kink now
Haysssss
shyet sorry babe
Why do I feel like you keep pushing yourself away
I miss you sobra (ctto)
ify
This day was so hell ow my slip, this comin week is more hellll
they like me
No Hamilton away for me
Ang title reasons why you should let cloie dye her hair red green for HAHAHA
wish i was here
non voglio andare a casa
lmfao this is a 100% indirect to ME!!!! I agree. I did completely nothing and guided no one
I need the tightest hug right now
Heads in the wrong place for anything, just want a hug
Kyon tu iccha dhari dayen h?
May Allah forgive me for what I done may Allah forgive you too and make it easy for you with dealing
yeah but it so new sksj
I woke up, looked outside expecting to see a foot of snow? Idk why but I must of been dreaming of Christmas
I'm heartbroken
Tonight sad vibe supports by Heize unni's song "but, are you?" why tf ]]
Guys I can't
u know the drill lets get each bias
It seems like this fandom is gradually losing its goodness
of course gonna be lovely and cute even when like this
This is scary and heartbreaking
!!!
i woke up feeling really fucking lonely and i hate it
i fucking love them so much my heart hurts
im really hungry as shit how bout u
GOD OKAY THEN LET ME TAKE CARE OF YOUR CUTE ASS
msu unggul namamu but this is true not all but some of it.
I asked people what they thought of sweetener
awa imo gibuhat
I literally look nasty here tho but
Yes i really like jisoo's small face. She looks so cute and beautiful and i don't know, she's incredible
KSBSHS honestly mood i go through the same thing as subin cause i'm always either the smallest or the youngest
lemme be a part of this once! just once
go to comfort food: anything with rice
Sadly be able to stream for the rest of the month this sucks
Solo player
finding I am cursing a lot on social media just now, and I apologise in advance
Best drama actor si Jerome sa The Good Son? Hala pano si Joshua?
My Mistress share pics with her Bulls
Oh man my kiddo is not feeling good get well soon!
why r u discontinuing it it shouldnt matter bc u should like what ur actually doing or writing
Home alone again
Ayeh ayeh piman ima en father kakaubla
ribecca tops all ult ships shut uP
Swapmeet next up
I need a hug
at this point im desperate od have a decent layout im happy w nothing
Yes indeed. so annoying
hi how to be bffies with you po hi who are u po but dm/tg me ghghdg
i try my best thank you, iffy
U saved my heart as well
Di mauulit muli...
Suka norak aku tuh
when kevin abstract said got harry styles' phone number? okay, I called him and they said I got the wrong i felt that
the hole was pre-lubricated and he know
KIHYUN ANO BA I FEEL ATTACKED
A setback
Damn this hurts
Miracle please.
estimated time: 7:30pm
exams: in less than 12 hours
i: am not prepared and studied nothing
I really be out here like
Uhh look how sad this is. It must be very hard and sad when your faves can't give you enough attention. Just
having feelings don't get you nowhere but hurt
i- stop playing with my feelings bro
Have to change my accommodation, can't afford both the rent and premium snaps
i still need orbs for ib, strikes and forest shit
My condolences, Rahaaf.
Good to see the apology, unfortunately most of the kids won't see this like they saw you gloat
I will pray for us
I need you bro more than ever rn
do one !!! i watched it for a bit, let me breathe
Same
not to underestimate other courses ha
its my dream!! Dev pls wish my once its my birthday ..pls pls
Not that i have seen
Polls show that only 44% of Italians want to remain in EU.
Me to nhi bhooli
knocks back. is this my cute beloved sis
huhu is that the lola with a hunched back?
description of my crush: i dont have a crush right now
bold of you to assume i'd ask you that
Bs aik aad hi!
Intro de rehay ho knowledge vast honi chahye issmay maray
i still b thinkin about the 1 person who voted crush on that what am i to you poll i did......................
Probably no group photo by on instagram since it ot5....
Im scared
WOOOT WOOOT TANONG TANONG DALIIII
skjsksks ill keep this in mind the next time you word a tweet wrong
4am and i sleep and thinking about harry and missing him too much
Babies are so cute they just stare you and do nothing while you're doing your job unlike these grown ass men whining and shit
aren't u the one who's supposed to be collected
I know! Never a boring match with Bridges involved. I even go to
The devil on your shoulder speaks too loudly at times...
I hope you find the strength to silence
U know I could never do anything but angst
the replies are all
some people still havent listened to RM,, lets fucking hope mono even beats hopeworld
dem ones when ur feelings are being terrorised
Omgg that's amazing! I'm happy for u
been losing my mind for a straight 20 minutes with this clip on repeat ... Muzi greatness
this is guna be me when i finally master calligraphy HAHAHAHS
my first time properly editing please send them so much love
minhyuk looked so cute he was wearing his i love and miss elena outfit
Hello, Swaggie Rapper Kim Bobby! Swag Mind to follow me, perhaps? But I speak bahasa more often.
without messi is so sad
g pas pu rep elle a sup
pagod nako intindihin ka sorry
what if...i accidentally hurt you when i'm trying my best to handle you with care?
Aaah thank you >< but still feels so unreal I feel like my flight will get missing or something huh
You'd hope so, but she'll ignore it.
Hey guys , if you ever think that we've never talked before even though we follow each other or even if I
No such thing as can't. It's that you won't.
For group work , it was the only day everyone was free
two weeks until i see my friends again
Will you follow the second Mix and Match?
insecure nanaman
He had a bad relapse
So so drained, I deal anymore
its okay i actually did measure i just wanted to be funny
Absolutely buzzing for the Juventus tie but which United will show up?
I haven't got anything on my account just a default hopefully you get a good account soon
Ug chippy ug pistachio
i preordered mine like last week and now not so sure anymore
okay i promise
can you sort this order out please I promise my account
These people putting the price up of plastic bags from 5p to 10p?! Damn life is hard
Yes yes, come get your kith and cookies
Me too.
Ugh woke up breezing like shit
I know, the pain only comes now ]]
Oh dear thank you .
Why is me and my friend flexing the thought of Hawaii next year when we both have $2 in our savings
nothing good ever lasts
i miss living in manc this place is amazing
suicide is the best way fa
Tfw no one follows you
they never taught me in middle school sex ed that my makeup needs to be bulletproof in order to survive
you hate to see it
always on a mood
Will miss Messi for sure
teringin nak makan seafood ciopino de mare
she blocked my stan acc i must be too irrelevant take
I've always been a bad person
the one from yesterday who woke up today at 5 am bc just like u did my code name is nemo bc i know u hate
Don't be depressed go out and make new friends talk to people
Are we looking at the same pictures
Ao bathong o re ja le makgowa
Have an amazing time everyone! I be able to make this one sadly.
maybe he just put an eggplant inside his boxers
Me with people who use feet and inches why cant yall follow the metric system
why'd you have to expose her like that raq
im done with porn
The server is down until tomorrow.
Man, I'm tired of myself.
we didnt make the laws tf
i printed another 25 jimi and 25 yoongi pictures im giving them away on d-day of burn the stage screening gsc ecm hdhdjsj
Tired tired na eyes ko guro ah. Kasakit na hehehehe
One after another
well. Booked Kings i guess
a
...Ocht, how awfie, awfie sad RIP All Who Perished. x
bitch izone menpa I better get noticed bc I for vrvr
i thought you said older by a year im dating a baby
Sorry Kanye! I was with you back in the day though
right I squealed a lot while making this
Wanna fly with me Nana? So you get your stress literally blown away?
my life is incomplete
I
why am i so antisocial in real life
Nanti kepedean
can't we push back bts ticket sales a little
So will you be in season 5? 4 episodes in and still no addy
Been consistently ill for a week, not any better or worse, so fed up
same goes for me to physics and biology
The word limit is really limiting my options...
the things i do for kim hanbin
Think you will find been since the new ones come in. Daily grief trying to cross that stretch of water
it's sad how ppl can be really mean smtimes
yall always find the ways to hate on Jennie
sexto y
Hello there, Chaeyeon-unnie! A follow has been sent to you. By the way, itu jebakan Batman ya, Kak?
I can feel my chest rotting and my heart is heavy like a rock.
I'm tired of this Of
This is really disappointing to hear Michael We do know what an important meal of the day
I WANT TO BUY AND CUDDLE THE PLUSHIE SON SO BADLY BUT THE SHIPPING COST IS OUTRAGEOUS. why been debating
wish I could hug you and tell you going to be okay.
Don't be depressed go out and make new friends talk to people
from where im in a starbucks
Used to watch one season anime in a night but now it took 3-5 days
this attack
i feel lied to
I'm not grand and i don't know why
still so much we know
Wanna talk to you so bad but I don't wanna feel disappointed
i feeling a lil sad i'm gonna watch yoongi complimenting jimin from that one burn the stage episode
expose my camera roll
It still puzzles me that last season we had the best defence in the prem and now like all that vanished in a second
In tears watching that Disgusting behaviour
And I honestly feel better but this cough is like
feel what?, better?, oh ok I got something for
Like lemme live damn!
I wish I have the same ability as you, really need it atm
No I actually think they're really good for that situation but sounds like you had a bad experience
when you wanna talk to someone but you dont know what to talk about
Trust me it is real! I knw I stan a shady king
Yeah, I hope he treats Jin well for the nxt 8yrs
moots who havent dmed me , pls do
Thank you!
Mobilization fee before I RT
If Nico wins today won as many titles without Pierre as with him this year...
I M I S S Y O U
rm is so ICONIC i do t even know if mono will top it
How i wish there will be a part 2 im not been able to attend because of work
legit had the shittest weekend man
Ok
So much to say
facts only
gonna go full hetero soon because only boys think cute :/ literal trash to lgbt females
Yarait i can tell you who it is.
You no invite boys.
I feel sorry for that dog
hi! I miss you
new post on instagram made me so emotional i thought never see him playing the piano again
You can really feel the absence of Kat and Maddie No blocking
Go Ateneo! Kaya pa yan
They all rich wahhh
Me ????
Start following me
Someone told me before that some fansites active. I really know why
sorry you experienced that
Copyrightttttt we still could've watched it without music tho but
i miss his forehead
GIVKGKHKNKN u just rt ??the energy i put into making this at 6 am
NooOoooOooo
So deeply saddened for his poor innocent children
what si eun woo nasa pilipinas what what what????????
They lost today and the other day deyaan! Feel sad to them . But jiayou! The ball is round.
I just need to suck a lil more dick all
I will never give up hope but...but from epilogue concert to wings hoping. But nothing. I really want to
&& Now In My Feelings
Poor big baby ! Come let me hug you
So much love you but it's like you see right past that shit and it's cool
Erm really wishing I went to the teen awards now
i was watching it while my friend was with me and she didn't laugh with me i felt so dumb..
Another week without talking
Nazron se to ker leti hain. twitter ka kya hai
This feeling is all too familiar.. an old friend is about to come by..
hasyemboh omongopo
oofft same sis
It's very sad, My birthday was a few days ago,..like that
pls on my way
oomfs oomf is so cute im
i miss mith anna i hope she's thriving, drinking enough water and getting enough sleep
She died so we're trying to spam her account
Let's not give a high hope then....
I haven't watch anime for years and i miss it
Identity theft elwath3
Yeah... U are right .
My pastor daughter is crushing on me just that she's too young...
there was this massive ass whitetail in my room
So much love for you but it's like you see right past that shit and it's cool
ahaha oh my god i hate it it's sooooo boring
Sigh
sometimes eyes are unable to see. you have to fall & realise
Hopefully, Burn The Stage will be available at TGV too TGV theatre is nice too I like the seats and sound
this scene cute that zyl will try anything to convince sw to join an actual spoiled child
espero sonhar com o chenle doyoung chanyeol e jungwoo
its because they never prove us wrong with our delulu actions,,, they created us
Sakit kay best
don't leave me
te amo
explain why I do what I do.
I really miss my mom for everything. Wish she was alive to see me.
Comes and goes her sister gave me one of her favourite mugs and sitting here watching Corrie
softies
Sigh
IM REALLY NOT BUT THANK YOU
Motivation wya
Come to Chile
Oh Cathy.....
/ / ; Mau bersihin following tapi capek nge b ub.
My heart is soft and broken at the same time
IM REALLY NOT BUT THANK YOU
CrAcKeR iS a RaCiAl sLuR
work either
I know
Happy birthday
I miss her
My heart is in pieces
But here they are just can do their job when camera off. Attached by hips only when there is no one seeing
this is all i needed
I don't want October to end
2018 was a dramatic year psh
Don't think my poor little heart is ready for red dead redemption next week
i remember my writing claasses our teacher was the principal dkskdkdkd
bugger! That's very poor form from our FTA tv people! I thought better of them in 2018! Thanks Ann, I'll give it a miss.
Sad to see Great talent /Iranian fan
turning my phone off for a month or so if you need me send an owl
Sometimes I wonder if i give my all to the wrong person
okay i gotta go back to work!!! see yall in 4 hours
Same here dear, same here..im feeling lyk skipping eps coz der faces & tactics r shwn more than our
Unblock n text me say hi?
cold
AHAHAHA you are right I never expect them to release a teaser but i always waiting until 12pm kst like... everyday.
I want to watch the parade tomorrow kaso wala akong kasama
im so sick my voice sounds so CLAPPED
leave me alone im taking a gap year
Can I re-watch it and take down some notes first?
you meant the same month? i don't have the same birthday as yuto, it's hyunggu's remember?
literally can't wait for i am you the songs sound good
i know
we feel your pain and hope everything is OK in the studio
Uhm! I already did sis , but I will fix it I hope you mind me
Always feeling tired, weak, fatigue and depressed.
ok if bangtan miss msian army but we miss u bangtan sobs from trb in 2015. first bangtan concert in
Baby love Sorry na
IH NGAMBEK.
OMG poor you. You mean you grappled
i'm deactivating
I miss her I miss this tour
I want hug and fries.
ahh hdhhd i remember watching this video everyday until the real comeback good ol day
No pain no gain bro.
I'm up 5 days a week grindin but not lookin like that
D. E. P.
does that mean all invited?
me trying to figure out what is about
My aldub heart is happy pero bat ganun? Ang aloof ni maine? parang wala ng spark with alden.
ye kha le
LRT Lay Zhang is already a killer out here to get us with them visuals and sinful choreos
its me
and suddenly im inlove with a stranger...
That's All We Can Do
Mom is sad that I don't come back often.
Isnor ma
SO LONELY!
Oh no I'm watching this tonight i knew it was going to be bad, i had my hopes set WAYYY to high
Off to st.peter later
why do I always get emotional listening to history ugh sjsjsj
Damn they got me good
How I wish I have a "KUYA"
Can I please go and watch A Star Is Born
the dimple killed me
too.... overly possessive. too clingy just.... if i claim someone then MINE no once can have them and isnt thatjust scary
You even annoy a fly babe..
**fucking. It even a scary part and my brother smacked my arm for giving them all heart attacks
come over here and get your kisses
yes come cuddle me
I Knew I Have But I Did
h-his munching is cute
Day 294 (60/593)
It's been two months. . .
I miss you my little sunshine
Rest in peace Jerry Dladla
May your team continue with what you started.
An entrepreneur with vision
I think I overdid
n e ways i muted that girl just ugh
im gonna study for a bit and try to distract myself off from missing yoonie though i know it won't work but still
did you hear that, it was my heart shattering
archi
the gaps are getting closer and we're gonna drop again if we don't keep voting carats please i know we can do
not ready for my mom to leave
when you get that vibe that someone like you
i like me better when im with you
i have more seungcheol rlly did it for the gays yall
Atleast you live in Australia
I offered to adopt you a few days ago but you ignored it
I got so excited for a whole minute but okay
Imagine having emo hours, eating ramen and chicken at Han River late at night while listening to Day6
IVE BEEN Mariah Carey eons ago just that barley seen on the tl
Ketinggalan terus aku.
i mean one hand is better than none
and like he was my friend
DB Super > Attack on Titan > One Piece. invested > 15 years so I feel compelled to keep watching
Photo montage...
ok boss
if i had one wishhhhhhh
I'm just out here trying to stay wholesome and avoid the tea so you're safe from me
I caved and pulled for Lisa
.....
Gusto kong Ice cream
w-was i b-blocked
I just purchased two off white trainers and still not happy
When the fuck will I ever get a break man
this is nanie not smolie
I can't believe I have to be straight when people like Anab exist
Cool bread okay
nice to see that the Somali youth finally accepting their culture
Canada continues to be THAT bitch, The USA could NEVER
7. a walk to remember !!! i cry over it everytime and i know the script by heart
There's lots of thing happening that I could never fathom
i want something sweet but i want no belly what do i do
owo im honoured but im feeling soft these days so
Ache ache log Block kar dye
yuri your birthday is in a few hours
me when spencer releases more merch
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
Unfortunately we don't support the DPRK so according to Marxist-Leninists we're technically all demsocs
i really need to stop being so emo djdjdjdkdk the image wont suit me
SM and JYP you got one job now
Sorry
and why you come to my radio program noona??
I'm not a nice wife at all , making her wear the same all the time, I'm sorry wifey I will
yoongi preparing himself for another day where hoseok will kill sope
good morning i miss my yoongi so much
didnt she have a pink hair phase btwn comebacks.. shes going thru it
It's like my twitter notification has a problem it's late
Why is she resigning
Aww, waited the whole day and will still be waiting until tommorow
Really not feeling a 12 hour night shift today. Can't even sleep to prepare because my girl isnt here haven't
At that time, i think only ailee has finished her performances
Actually my ex call me Baby Boy back then. And she's a girl. A mommy vibe.
BITCHHHHHHHHHH YOU DONE MISSED IT
If only.
so sorry I know how hard it can be losing pets, I hope okay thinking of you
Oh...
I will never forget about you.
Sorry to hear.
Hmm I kenottt Please understand me , dont force me
I'm stressed. I need to be pampered
the fact i said watch hdh after i finish mr. sunshine but irl im catching up with animes instead shdjd im sorry gays
it's so annoying bts is so big everything sells out in 5s and costs a kidney but also they deserve
i want to troll but the account's restricted
So sad. And we as a collective have causes this
It be the same without you
knowing not with his family to celebrate birthday makes me sad he probably waited for it to be
you said to me leave you alone but where are you know when i need you
Sounds radical but no way getting permission for an extra few days off.
in my ass
I miss you right now
Sorry mom
Hay I missed show and coach dance class. hirap ng may sakit di ako sanay!!!!
for my non-stay mutuals sorry for spamming skz, okay to mute me
I miss my boy he made sure I had a good time regardless of anything
not really one i can decorate but ill get some candles and work the pcs in
I love my life because my life is stray kids
can you please add me back into that gc
So sad. And to think humans have caused this
oh yes i remember now !!! m dumb right
I MISS U AGAD AGAD PROMISE
let me be this is how i cope
Appreciate me now because once been hurt so many times like why try I love you that go away but it does change.
I know of somewhere like that too
Serial killers should know.
i wanna h*g him and tell him that he deserves everything
ur so endearing
Going for the third time today.
Jahat kamu mas
People are now losing the meaning of this movement. Everyone jumps on the bandwagon without understanding the issue
i forever h8 economics
My loneliness is killing me Not again
Sad to miss such a lovely event... next time
maybe
I want to be done like this
sorry self huhu, next week mo na aliwin sarili mo
Why waz I not this bust? Just to money...
wittle baseball boy
Hello, Dean sunbae. I'm so sorry but I've never heard your song.
Aur dekho mein 1st August smjh raha tha
These corny asf men I stan
You might be an English Class drop out
I just wanna have study buddies that actually can be of use
MUFFIN AGEKAGSKDHKS CUTE! ISSOK I HOPE YOU SLEPT ENOUGH!!!!!! SHUT UP DONT TALK ABOUT MY AGE AND
SJJSJ why
I wish i was 18
over once mum brings out the champorado
I miss this
Zyion is getting ah Lil cold again
the jets are really battling some injuries though trumaine, skrine, maye, enunwa, and Pryor smh
my 167cm ass wants to experience being small too
Despertar y solo
Pros of living in China: the food is mostly oily so its easy to purge
Cons of living in China: the food is mostly oily
Bass wo wali Gif na kia kren baqi sb sae hy
A good example of how some big media offices push biased news, push propaganda. This is wrong
Sigh happening in Jamaica , all this crime all these people I know getting shot smh
I really miss snow
Seokjin cutie Love you so much dear. hope you're doing well these days. please take care of your
When will it be?
In loveee Really
i wanna be tall
I wanted to say this for a long time already : your eyes are so pretty
i hope everyone's doing great
so sick of this...
We take for granted our votes sad for these people
Girls on this app are sooo pretty it makes me look like a potato
Very but also very heartbreaking when they start body shaming, hating and fighting each other
Terlepas 2 perlawanan tumpuan UCL (vs Inter Milan) & El Clasico. Get well soon
school field trip unless my dad lets me sneak my phone be gone for a week
getting locked out of twitter also meant losing access to my old curiouscat
bc Cayde died so now all ganging up on us
i'm sorry i forgot to cut my nails before that happened
oh bub, you can only use one acc per device though even if you delete the app and install
wish i had people to do all the easter eggs with no one wants to / solo is way to hard
damn it not about the vs
Kita craving charkueytiaw
Ouch
Yii hbb... how are you now :( hope it wasn't all bad though I'm sorry you had to go through that
what did i do to have u dad? thank u for spoiling me alot! I ask for more im beyond blessed
i hate going to school tmr
Really need someone to motivate me rn
but apparently the microphone grip isnt the same
Im starting to feel scared
AMPO LANG JUD TA PERMI ANI TANAN
i believe i would DARE to ask my mom (who works as hairdresser) to braid my hair the amount of ENERGY
Kash hmare paas bhi ek ODI me 10 wickets lene waale fashat bowlers hote
anti secularists having a field day
Is not just ginjo
I love all characters of bleach
And i want to read colored manga
can my mind stop talking to me .. i need sleep
I cannot begin to tell you how terribly sorry I am for your tragic loss. I pray you are blessed with comfort and peace.
pagi yoga ples sarapan smoothies, malemnya chatime ples shihlin
This is very disturbing news.
yeah we better
181021
Hi-touched Chan, IN, Hyunjin & Woojin before being able to put names to faces
d-d-desson?? h-how about corbyn besson
Wait now I get it ah ndjdjd bitch I'm slow it's early in the morning, I wasn't ready
really missing my friends right now free brazy free cannon free tally free Gu free Mayham free Killa free STRATFORD
What did he do to you
That's great.. Hope you enjoyed the festival Nothing interesting here.. I sprained my neck and taking rest at home
Unfortunately it it was reported on my local T.V
Yea sorry
get your straightie spray away from me
What did he do to you
kaci and i out in sheffield
/\ /\
| | | |
ignored
Questioning life choices
I honestly don't know what to say
Nop. If I were go there myself
okay i can take it i mean if you want to great too
malaysian armys are yall rlly gonna go to singapore? Have fun i guess
kaci and i out in sheffield
/\ /\
| | | |
im asking the same thing
Tbh..2018 really been a good year in Ahmadu Bello University Zaria
Students dying mysteriously
Students
Those that hate on clap really cant hear
I've got Butterfly digging around for spare routers to see if our router has gone bang. I'm sure I had a really good one somewhere.
sigh. let get this bread.
Meanwhile in France...
Homophobic acts are growing and get more violent everyday...
Tired of being left behind
ignored
back to normal
Us
Terus aja dempet-dempetan.
im here for you always.
believe some people spell vhope right sad
wth is ur name cute
if someone knows pls tell me
katie recorded me losing on mario kart I am sad
At least they think young. I get called mam
SERAH.
do this
Ere kea bona bare Mrs South Africa orele
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
"Slowly falling into you, I'm obsessed with the fact that I'm just two people away from you."
Balik kana samin please
Di clingy pero miss you bibim
Just watched tae and vlive. Sope nation how are we doing now we have been replaced with VOPE
We need find your brain.
Haysss
Sorry
True story
Katy Perry fan*
DHDJSKS ok i felt that when she saw me from the elevator she was supposed to go on
I feel the same
yep, never again
Same bitch same
TO ALL MY FRIENDS OUT THERE! PLEASE STAY KASI PUTANGINA DIKO NA KAYA
october is almost over and i still seen any screme eggs,,, a travesty
(@yoonspd)
I haven't listened to them much
Ult Bias: Jinsoul
Bias Wrecker: Yves
First Bias:
For once happy to be doing French GCSE but he sounds so sexy
I badly need sleep and you rn
Get well now, love.
Big regrets cutting my hair short just to complete a look
Looks like the storm didn't come but a calming drizzle instead... let's hope things stay this way I am exhausted
obviously tired
this is cute as hell..but i wish i cld see yoongs sweaty skin
I hope you feel better soon.
just watched some Ferrari videos before heading out to the garage to fix the rear brakes on my winter beater jetta
Ugh man I want cuddles
I'm alone with this battle and it kills me knowing I have no one behind me.
It's already 8
Yoooo why is no one ever awake when I am
Nothing sir
i tell if losing my voice is enough of a reason to call out of work
Sorry Lord
Coach wallet
Di na jud safe ay, nya I always leave my things pa jud...
sorry eating junk food
Not any more
15 Tweets Still No Reply
I just need a hug right now, to calm myself down
i really hate sundays
Not yet. Mind to give me some foods?
Do you wanna talk about it with me.
Jgh
Oh yeah true
what do you think
1 hour passed by Really need to get flight sorted to reschedule all the accommodations. Please
i swear a few weeks ago i did this poll and it was 50/50 like sis im soft wyd
It was a heartbreaking day and aftermath
she walked out on me.
i missed it
seokmin would did the same thing
Ako japon char lang
can you believe this?? So awful
Telling you. You need to do something
should stop asking me to sleep otp
I know this job would be so shit
This really hit me hard
my heart hurt
remember when i thought i was a jihoon stan
oops i accidentaly clikkied no
Im drowning
It all needs Repointing Graham
Gonna stay broke in 2019 too
damn it, I was too late on saving you.
Why am I all in my feelings this early in the morning
Duh convo ceue ceue ini
i feel so wasted
I love Yoongi so much, he cares about us so much, he has my heart
Always such a bummer leaving Colorado But next time be back is to snowboard
Oh damn emo hours
it's my job
I would have came and you would have had an amazing fun time! I mean we are Libra sisters....nuff said! Luv
Can't help it imy
pls too sweet & i love u. thank you
I can't sleep
The only thing I get at Starbucks is my matcha frappe bc I don't get it anywhere else and it's one of the cheaper ones too
and to who I sent this to first
sigh i need me some more blue jimin
You didn't wish me on my birthday this year :( I hurtu
hard times rn Albert
ir a un bar. Creo que ya soy adulto
he joined the rest of the im66 members in their company's old crusty basement
Is there a plan B
Just realized I given the chance to get the October Ride Pass from and as an Uber Enthusiast, I am devastated
you're dating someone? whomst it's a secret
Modaron
som1 said , a predegree Student in Aaua who is doing Yahoo Yahoo can feed 20 lecturers
Can't you read? She DESTROYED my family I don't know if I will ever forgive her
Gusto ko maglaro
IMMA GOING EMO BC OF SEUNGJIN when will i have this kind of friendship im so jealous
Delete guys people might screenshot to start beef
i woke up feeling like been hit by a truck and i can only think from what happened yesterday
I booked Ryanair for Rome in Jan
It sucks when the one person you adore doesnt make the same effort to love you back fhe same way you love them
I really wish I could speak my language fluently
So sad and devastating. much luck finding her. Prayers to you and the family.
the uwu jumped out
i have friends here before, and nakakalungkot lang na di na nila ako kilala and worst we don"t have comunications na
Ytl ) I'm looking for my jungkookie
dia ajak you tu
ive been sleeping for the whole day going to studying?? let see
My heart goes out to his fiancee, family, friends and colleagues.
I'll try ??? Sbbsndnd
farra, stop lying God sees and knows everything
Awww
got a big one in my car too
They're disgusting meanwhile the most we do is call their faves flops and we are the most toxic
i remember i dreamt abt buying 2 packs of maggi kari...and then i woke up being disappointed as hell bcs i thought i had them
omg izone is answering to fans sigh
Last episode of
im sorry
hope you can succesfully recover from ligma
how can he be in ur side when he's with baekhyun who just pushed u off the car
I feel like the only one who got a good one
The AO was quick and she she lost to Jana Fett
*sad reacts only*
Almost out of cold meds and am out if money.
21 and still the ugly one
I booked Ryanair for Rome in Jan, that was already under duress coz the BA price was too much
who wanna come over and do this with me
This is why we
no clue probably slept in a bad position
wish october would last forever
One of those nights again sigh
Somebody help it's getting worst
i thought i cud be 100% gay today but i guess im just at 96%
i feel affended that you called me a peasant
you performed in NYC last night!!! Omg!!! I know seen you perform in person since your tour!
same same we're going to expo together but will be separated from queueing hais
I want to greet all of my mutuals but im too lazy
I wish was still around.
I miss them
I hope your personal guess is correct
Haysss
what I wonder
never smelt like that when I was living there
I could not think of any other reasons
having a hard time falling back to sleep
JSJSJJSJS Just let this be and live your youth you horse
Report report report hays
got my chatramue but i ordered the wrong one
That the American dream
Know this feeling too well
There's lots of thing happening that i could never fathom
yoongi: for dinner
taehyung: me
yoongi: no like what are we actually eating tonight
taehyung: my
Bubble third place, today in a PC.
If the collab gonna happen, i bet it will be a BROke up song.
So I should fuckoff ?
we all worship you in our nameless gc pls
Morning good I have so much to do today
my belly has been uneasy since i ate that hotdog with too much ketchup fucking digest already
I was too late
I love you so much. Wish you did too.
ndjs same
maybe next month
my uncreative one braincell think of anything for this month
When folks say Soy and Almond milk is better, i just think about the fact they have to be selective about what they eat by force
Nice game
right, twitter has me saying instead of yous
I'm shorter than you are though.
Yes I'm greedy, i miss Baek already
bro wtf im tryna support fam
so sad about the world going to raise my children in
Tell the lannister the winter is coming for them
i had this question for a real long time
o chan parece que super daria certo ele fazer parte do mv SHINee - Ring Ding Dong
Only one thing avoiding EVERY conversation rn, idk become of me
i never knew mara underwent extreme harassment as a child
A legend.
We miss her
Micin is bad but its delicious... i can't life without micin.
No
ew what happened did the boys get mobbed
Just want to go to bed and wait for this week to be over, felt this low for a while where is everybody when I need them
Throw the whole Ryan Air away! My heart really hurt for that poor lady that easily could have been my nana!!
I can't deal with it...
Acara charity kak
I make it this time round me about to go to London in 2012 though!
I'm asking my dad I'm ashamed but i got no choice... I'm starting to dislike this cca
I feel sad. I miss them a lot
mi influencer favorita
I hate being bored cuz i start looking at pictures through my phone and i just see pictures of Rocky i miss you
sad truth
how do you get a cute anon like cherry anon i'm i actually don't know they just came out of
Got a new fone
I dnt like it
Oooh bichon
Just notice Ahtract blocked me on twitter no idea why
*there will be
Back to school I go
me: im so tired of being a fat trash i just want to be skinny
also me: BREAD? COOKIES? FOOD? LET'S GET IT!!!!
Lau basically beating me up in their sleep sorry lau just living in ur world
Just noticed Ahtract blocked me on twitter and idk why
But... stop white-washing please... I saw you at the concert and your natural skin is so beautiful...
Blame the tweets that passed by my timeline
Where the f is my fan chengcheng?
jimin is me in my biology and math class when i finally think i understand something but nope
No shiny Beldum for me
Pretty much too many hours when I've been trying to cut back for months now
I want double shotguns back
A twin bed in a room with all that floor space? Sad
Can someone please hold me till Messi comes back
even flex like I hurt
Mon front
please strap me
2 weeks pa lang!! Ravan!
its bc they love you so much they planned it
LMAOSJKS I just i wanna see it okay
Show ur appreciation then
never on the block list
It had to be said
I wish I culd relate rn
Motivation please.
so emotional right now & idek why
It will be the same right
i really wanted to make a creative resume pero may requirement
I really need somebody to talk to, but I want to bother anyone and scared to ask my real life friends about the topic
why abba thats so rude
All I wanted was a cute cat pic
Marah marah
the worst way to miss somebody. When right beside you and you miss them anyway.
UP Town Center...
i-im tired ooofff
Ahhh some of my writer mutuals feels the same but sister maybe thats the only thing they
so sorry. That is just terrible.
sigh almost all of the good things were before my time.
Sunday work ah
i fucking reek of rum n didnt even gett that pissed last night trumps america
I don't want to end up an idiot
I don't know
I challenge you not to smile
i know !! so mean !
u the real one
We will miss you
girl the way im trying to convince myself
QUANDO EU ENTRO NO MEU WHATSAPP..!
Im destroyed
get them next time
A Taeyeon
she got too into it bruh
Scalp gone be gone, yeah don't understand that double rapping is tearing your scalp up. This is not good or safe
raat ko phir royenge
babe, when in Brazil?
Not looking forward to seeing Lewis win 5 tonight.
don't be i'm not a goddess!
thanks shei :""" i was so shocked when i found out and now i am still feel so sad
A bunch of reasons but I guess the appropriate response is 'idk nan molla"
I think I might have 80 HD
Ufff triple Ferreira
Libres
38-41
3.59 final Q3
Haysss
Only managed to get one shiny Beldum
Oh no
Former TOWIE star Lydia Bright poses with her new boyfriend Lee Cronin - see the
Church flow been going through some thangs
I really don't want to go anyway
It's so sad
Good evening
Wish you were here
I'm a creep, I'm a weirdo
yeah
what's that? i only know putangina
friends family
Motivation pleaseee
you really really, a funny story but not ready
straight male fans exist too but bst they lying about being straight they wanna suck their dicks too
Oh now I get it, promoting his own book. ok then.
malfunctioning
well.. guess I need to make some changes
mama, i do apologise for my words to you.
I spend more when broke
no please come here.
Silverton, New Jersey
Imagine your life ending by getting stabbed at Kennedy station
My intro is 6 mins!!
No mickey for 1 week how can i sleep
Because to add nutrient
where is my girl
Hhhhh
sorry na
I'm missin' the old ones
anyone understand socket programming? please help
wannable relate we only have fancafe
Lost and confused
Preach
woke up hella hungry
could you please... idk... choke me with these arms?
Si cantik lelah yaa...
i miss my snug piercing been a whole day since it died rip
based on the rate of likes it will probably take 2 weeks
Things go as planned.
imagine sonamoo having a bad song, not in any universe. listen to friday night and i
Yahh
Jgh and Good night!! gonna sleep now since sick and tired. Hope pass the scholarship exam.
fair enough
Edin ships chanbaek this is so sad
I feel like cursed, broken 3 glasses this year
Oh my god:( my condolences so sorry for your loss
Sometimes I cover my face in glitter and pretend a SC filter. We all have our thing.
Unfortunately, yes i am NAKS CHAROT HAHAHAHAH HALLOOO ANAK
Due to request, this is the toilet its.. an outdoor toilet. You see that guy sitting? a
Today has been better but it's still been a rough weekend.
gonna go catch up on school stuff now
Had to do it bro
Don't try these please. Go to a real orthodontist! Sayang ngipin niyo
there's no place for friends between a couple
Me everytime Taehyung kills vmin
I miss my Dad
can izone debut already yuri and yujin come home i have sugar cookies
Non of the passports I am entitled to carry that same privilege but I get the perk of
Yes djdj I was just referring to myself
my notes
opo copy po ate
I MISS YOU
If you don't mind that I ain't an idol tho.
My inner demons just won't go away
sigh distance you make me happy too and honestly you're more loving, caring, supportive than a lot of people in my life
you're the horniest mutual I know but you're valid
follow my rant to see me ugly cry 24/7 over hyunjin
i missed you david
Not ready for hectic week
got an ugly fat crush on oomf
Every time he speaks I feel better about myself
Nay, 91 years of living in this earth is enough. Please be strong but if you're tired, you can now rest.
looks like i have for the rest of my life
omg
anything
ouin
Sabi ko
Why am I so stupid
My nudes got leaked. It's such a fucked up circumstance beyond my control. I've suffered yrs of depression & have been judged by millions.
Ang aga, Kuya J. You will be missed.
J'ai fait tomber mon tel
his teeths
jackys from all over the world should do it but we all know his workaholic ass would say he's fine:/
i know that feel
ohmygod guys please keep on voting for seventeen on AAA! we dropped to number 11 guys please
um beijinho amores
just because you are nice i want to attack you so bad, little pengu.
Today im really didn't do any productive thing but im happy finally after months /? i get my day off from task, anxiety, worry, or someone
as much as i would LOVE that it seems like everything's been finalised for a while now still hoping for a reboot one day
u guys feels me tak? only mouth say ok
org tgh bahagia tok caro doh kite hurmmm
why is Wendy noona never stop calling me baby and yeah, thank you noona. i'll prepare my best to this last album
Thank you, I'll need it
like this PWEASE
Things are expensive.
like I started to see the end of my life in a few hours , very very tired for life
Please anna
Uh? What the hell happened? Wow.
Next time, stay home, Saturday night!
8 hours for me to sleep, 8 hours for him to sleep, the remaining 8 for us to msg/call each other.
And I thought the last album was already called Answer smh
im a hoe on all levels except physical
Wowwww
Oh man, not sure be happy to hear that it will only be used in the display museum section
Dip, where are you?
Wake up dad ! I'm home and i wanna eat satay
toxic
Also sad news, but our manager resigned
thats... smexy
Ridiculous I know, but it actually does
suneo is a human too.
I quited pokemon go since you left
me trying to pick a premium photo at the show and just ending up buying all 7
it's only 2 seconds
So disappointed the zips broke on my fave purse
I almost wanted to block them..but I
what will happen in our class tmrw? tengok spot dorang kosong?
literally the worse
I'm so proud that I'm stanning this 7 dorks
How I wish I could watch them singing and dancing live
acordei cedo./ domingo
the lamp and been lying to do
Yeah, I know. For me, as an it's hard to fathom, but I get that this is the way
Why I get an invite?!?
jhopes flappy dick has to go for an hour everyone say goodbye to my name
Sis, finna die
rebuke this but i am one of the aforementioned gays so i cannot fight
i have no clue on where to find it sadly we're just roamin around finding nothing
Hope you alright? What is going on?
even bts' back up dancers takes good pictures of each other..... ugh that kind of relationship
i should have come clean at this point and now its just too late.
Imagine getting a kiss from that Imagine
Ion Even Feel Like Walk-in To The Car To Smoke
Sad life
acimisti
stay strong, friend
Baby
cute
Chomper would not go on his walk this morning..
amo mucho a Min Yongi
no homo
happening with my baby jennie?
T-tell me whaaaatt should i just stop reading
Ouais
Woke up this morning and felt like OSU losing was just a bad dream
I miss Sphaka already
only sb and rivals
INNA LILLAHI WA INNA ILAYHI RAJIUN
So where are the teasers?
I miss her crazy annoying ass
Missed me too
And not one of those two. Saaad
It just hurt knowing why he did what he did..
probably not; at that point we'll be at "imminent baby" time and I don't think going to Liverpool would be appreciated...
tyde deserves recognition for his own self and hardwork but wbk
Oh shit I forgot about that. The first time ever not purchased any after visiting that shop
who? me and Zoe? We know
Yes. Pregnancy. So stupid thing to worry about but help it.
he deserves it
Sigh yeah
Por nada
one direction manse jihoon wyd
runnin like a river tryin to find the ocean, flowers in the concrete
in my loyals what am i supposed to do Not stalk ?
Playing the comparison game makes you question recovery far more than it should WHY?!
sleepy as hails
S I S
I thought it was liar so bad
i miss u too
iyiydi
you all so horrible Idk why u call yourselves a blink. You son of a bitches
no i fell asleep the first time skipped in a year
In Hollywood, in Washington, in your town and in mine.
also big mood we still have to wait another week and a half
KUR'AN-I
HAHKINDA
NE
TEVRAT'A
AKILALMAZ
Is this your excuse because you can't defend yourself? so sorry you can't defend yourself
mind me, tweeting sum bullsjit again
Aaaah Romance, I saw it broke so many hearts today.
Yeah 4 months old
Thought I can go back to the club scene but I want to retire already.
Men are annoying I just can't
i wanna learn dutch so i can understand what gigi and jamie are saying
Mine already has some coffee stains on it
My mutuals really won't accept me as the hetero that I am
still waiting for bts to get a groovy/jazzy/retro track
Yes 4 months old
i know funny n cute n you like art so much adorable n talented n you like PINEAPPLE PIZZA PLS
Big sigh
yeah probably glad for that because hard finding exol friends ): . sorry you have to deal with the ugly side
im lowkey flirting with my friend oof we goin baper town
goingsleep bitch if i dream tonight
// there is notified who like nsfw in my tl its not good for innocent shushu...
thats incest
Same here
miss track 12, i hope we get to hear you soon
BITCH You finally got it
Only if I have a tiny bit luck for this guy
October no good
okay yeah i look weird
okay i just started 3 so um now im scared
Go watch the movie "The Night Come fo Us" please
Winter is coming
Was at work today but cant help but thinking how beautiful itd be if your mouth's arnd my dick
Rindunya... Tahan oja tahan
and now i gotta watch my bengals get ran through even worse tonight
so i lose the link
Visual representation of how my life is going right now
he really wants us dead daily
I'm getting used to it.
No we haven't heard singing yet.... A week to wait
rose... this ship has been more silent than sope
It was a long night my dawg
exo should have kept the peng tings like
I wanna take my peanut to a pumpkin patch today but the weather is not looking good
You cannot even ask me
Hi!! How are u? hmm kind of tired and achey i been feeling too good this week but i should be super
Its okay you have to go now
"I don't want to be a mom fan anymore"
Wtf i can't sicheng sowwy
Why is it so hard to find tae+hyung line ship that are active making aus
My back still hurts
Really really miss my nitec classmates! Best school time ever
this is why u gotta play at 3am, shake when u can barely stay awake
I blame you.
no please
I just tryna Douglarize the nation eno
BTS please hear me
we still dont have a somg about us tho
this it... i swear not
That's the problem with fans, people tend to block view of the ones behind them
what type of man/boy do you like ? a romantic one
Just wanna get high and write music
Isinya kamu semua.
I mean w Harry so i care about those stinkys
not feeling well
probably not
when his pictures are sht but his iq is shttier,, damn double kill
Odds dropped to 1.66 and as i was waiting for them to rise - goal
laal ishq too cause it deserves to be remembered as a song of happiness and not sadness
Minimum nga yun cleanliness, di pa magawa. It's the first thing one sees- how filthy Manila is.
I am sorry for what i did
they just spun a wheel and gave the 7 deadly sins randomly and said lets roll my braincells analyzed that teaser for nothing
Missing home
You too??
I mean u have like one of the healthiest skins ever
Sorry to hear this.
Don't be sad.
Me is more creepy
i hate hate hate hate hate this place, i just wanna go home, and be near everyone
what did i miss
Blame Brexit. Cannae afford Kelloggs.
the way he held her hand the entire time as they were talking
I have other dreams but a few damn factors won't let me reach them
my condolences sending lots of love to you and your family please remember to take care of yourself
get yoself a man like lucas actually truth is you cant-
Its so hard to say goodbye
Need ko pa dumaang bureau of animal industry bukas bago pumasok ng office
are u ready to take out a whole army
i lov magical/fantasy shit too yuta... let's be friends
it's hard to be an adult when other adults try to control your life
LMAOJDKDNFNF THIS IS EMBARRASSING IM SORRY.. but ur sweet
shut up I'm really small
We don't even have a lesson until the 31st, I'm basically gonna be panicking until then 3rd year sucks so much
This made the difference
monday again tom
I'll try to link up with all of yall soon
Since when am i your enemy
a 98liNer. icb i thought u a part of the baby crew
Oo
he's the best fucking boy, the only man in the entire world
wow you're so lucky to have an like that
you lost 1 sub today and it was hard decision to do this but i have my reason
Then he fell off
Since everyone is leaving Vanguard, I guess I'm gonna join this sad party aswell Thank you so much
I miss Harry
Tbh me too. I feel like be better for my recovery. Lessgetit fam. be sad. 8 years to go remember?
Do I need to give you my ID Card as the warranty.
i been shining as bright without you around, my swan. how have you been?
Beni mahvettin Teyze.
Me too. Loved Brady.
Poor men, no hope for him, no salvation, he chooses not to believe in Jesus, sad
I prefer not to tell anyone
"Say it before it's too late"
That is true
My forever mood
He's used to it probably
shooo cute
PLEASE LETS KEEP VOTING FOR SEVENTEEN ON STARPLE APP WE'RE NOW ON THE 11TH RANK let's go carats we can do this
Man y'all making these podcasts faster then Chris Brown makes records. I'm behind by like 4 episodes. Smh
Treat me.
Grrrr very true Super bummer nga ng ganyan huuuugs why they just let others be happy
i still dont know his ult its either that
or going
hn .. sb yaad hai mughy jb sari raat baaty kia krty thy
thanks, i love cats so so sooo much
but I don't have any
this ambience plsss
u can never replace me babe. sorry. I was just mad and alone pls forgive me?
back to sleep
Yes but then I get zits under my eyebrows
Meanwhile two if my best about to get suspended
Worst flooding of the River Aude in over 100 years. The aftermath is pretty clear to see good to see the
why is jihoon boo boo the fool feeling sad?
when happy sad but when sad happy we-
awwww lynnn nahhhh
can y'all give me yoonjin pics when yoongi looks like bigger than seokjin???
2 late
F-First of all, I know you like it
Second, icb fallen into capitalist agenda
Third, I still love u
Fighting !!! you can do it even its hard
hi sir johnrod pwede tudlui among prof unsaon pag himog test paper? if only i can, i would. pero maski ako
DHSJDHGS i didnt get the notif rip tris
Sini peluk dulu
wasn't feeling well so i fell asleep early and i missed the live streaming of unveil im sad
and it even make the set list
I wish I were Famousse like you, jealous
I also don't know
ASFGHJLK. Why are you cuter than me
I wish I knew how to ride a bicycle without training wheels
My live stream isn't working
I just want to deactivate everthing
We suck
Whoever bewitched Real Madrid msunu wakho.
I hope sebaek are fucking uwu
I know omg your favourite Taylor album just for reference???
sigh
sadly. please ask your cute oomfs to hit me up.
But I'm not in the pics
Oh you meant Walt
missed C1 Originals nursing self back to health did mini werk for le paper pretty
HAHAHAH tama na ayoko na mambash
ugh i love sinnoh so much
Oh no this is awful I have an old pooch too. Yesterday it was a young dog jumping all over
JFKDSKRK i missher i cant say it hurt
hes too powerful to be stopped
BEHIND THE MASKS
i cany believe you expose me like that
I hope jaehwan's eye will get better soon..it has been quite a while he wearing the eye patch
God I miss my louis access so I could rt cute things from my mutuals onto his timeline when he was online. Now sad
the worst
so my last [deleted] tweet kinda backfired on me hdhssj twitter truly hates me
correct where have you been? ??
whats my mans goin through
not there until the following week
Rip those 400 followers
What is there to explain..
You would have just took it again if you didn't
15 minutos le quedan al bus
I'm still not blocked by
KM MAH IBLIS .G
because I love you that I needed to expose your dumb ass to the world
Sometimes the only thing to do is smoke and go to fucking sleep
Yeah, but i'm still hoping
girl pick me up from my my parents forgot me here
It's waned off..
I can't stand any of those songs anymore...
monday ugh school again
So quiet here now they've gone home
hot
This is what happens when I try to get that good REM sleep I'm excited to watch!!
boys would never do this
ridiculous
monday again ugh school
Im so lost okay guess ill have to concentrate on physics
Se hizo tendencia
why u gotta fight with me at cheesecake
Burnout is real.
It's mully
Why.
I used to be a pleaser all my life until I saw bitches please me
Y E S shorties nose scrunches lovers club
Demisexuals too
SHSJHSJS not cousin
it was so cute......perfect for smoochin .....it deserved....so much better
really good for what read so far just being an emotional mess while reading it
Crying with no sound hurts
have my costume already prepared.
my bnha oomfs are all meditating
Broooo i wish i was! Might have to take matters into my own hands smh
what if alec finds him crying
Sad of us
Lord oy we pray for Your mighty hand to ease our suffering
No i mean that horns are myem's, dad. Bcs she is satan
HAJSKPL FOODSSSS
pleathe noona.
Lmao the church my parents go to has a pastors appreciation day. Members have to bring money/gifts
with the wind chill, it's 25F/-4C in the 'Burgh. [via BB Passport]
No, I don't, unfortunately I've been able to watch some matches here and there on YouTube
youre right? uhm yeth.. a bitch got suspended twitter really said fuck sara lives
I can't believe I fell asleep and missed rondo and cp3 knocking live
Rude
ur late
i need someone to take decent pics of me..
Tired
This only happens once in a year
Temenku doang
more cake for us i guess
the most valid people
Yep, same draft as Crozier. All gone now, farewell class of 2011
Shemay!!! Gusto ko din i-collect yung apat na book ni Marcelo
9 years younger
Trying to be healthy but these just taste like chewing on a bush. And not in a euphemistic, fun way either
made me so happy u have my heart
oh, i should turn off the machine first before jamming along.
i mean they gave us longer preorder time they can also give us better and more teasers
I can no longer take being surrounded by such close-minded people. The wear and tear it brings to my soul is no longer worth it.
The tit life all that Sharon
Just woke up and felt the same.
i know it starts with a B
its still cute
eating cereal really feels different now
sigh, good luck then
Pfffft hahahaha! Thank you!
It seems i'll disappear again
i literally used "sight" instead of "site" for "at the site of" istg my english is gone
reached the age where my knee is sore from ... sleeping
damn they also faster than me
Lord heal me please
All the weed gone
Wrong gif choice sister
uhhhhhhhhhhhhh his mind
it still hasn't happened to me and it has been 2 years
My love of my life
RT RT RT The last lights!
Ekadoshi.
Excited for tomorrow but sometimes i hate traveling alone
i thought we were homies... like homo homies friendship? i know her
I can see how much pain suffering from haih. Sometimes we tend to not be grateful enough, when others are
not gone make it thru the day
Iya
Jinhwan deserved better
That's cute! Wish I came with you guys see you soon
chrisnators can we please form a praying circle for chans scalp
I hate this shit man
My mother is really sad leaving that breaks my heart fr smh ..
Still i didn't Got a Single Reply from Feels Sad
going too far
i dont trust yall americans and your cookies
its clearly biscuit what are yalll on smh
That's literally every single time, my poor baby
i think they just heard woman like me debuted at after all the intense promo they did
Damn.... and I really wanted to know what your fav store was
guys gerald and halsey broke up so sadim crying i can't believe this happened
The fact that taekookers actually happy that someone write that is embarrassing tbh
i would sell my organs to protect matt even though i know turn evil
if iwwas awake............ i would
pin it n maybe see it next time
i know we just got content. but. i miss zayn
My BIG DICK energy is limp dick energy now
I prefer loneliness
Than fake company
this too cute
You guys are just attacking an innocent child
this old man is picking up litter down Hampton
i just wanna talk to someone who actually cares
first comes first, i really have trust issues
uhaw na uhaw si ses in-RT na niya sarili nya
This is what I want my to look like again fuck I miss Wyoming
my Snapchat memories just made me so sad
I need more analog knowledge
Fine. I was about to treat you ramen if you allow me but not.
How much I need to pay? I hope that's less than 1 cent.
Y you are not giving reply to me
why dont you give /me/ a kiss
Someone who can listen and understand please, just for tonight
remind me to cut my nails next time i dont want to hurt him
ohh yeah Arsenal, alright.
You people are doing great!
Let the rest of us go find our grip
well said.
tima: dont reply
me: (doesnt reply)
tima: STORY TIME!!! I hate ann because she hates me
This except I don't wanna take turns paying. I really don't. so we can go every other week and he can pay
need to stop
When I was younger I never knew how hard it is to get a girlfriend yet alone find a girl that is attracted to you
Wow Ive been attacked on
trying to work out my money to see if i can go to america in march, hope it works out
Studying far from home can be such a disadvantage
I just got a video call from my brothers and my aunt because
Shakira u have to adult today!
this just made me so emo im so proud of them
i need tae's pics in the streets of paris
glenn is too nice for his own good
Gracias por contar tu historia, se me hizo un nudo en la garganta,
How confident-
tried to take a pic of the team riding the rail together but my squid didnt show up so i had to photoshop
Praying for peace for your family. We are so, so very sad at your loss
omg hoseok knows and appreciates that he is privileged to be able to see namjoons beauty
I watched the porn parody
Lost all my 2017+2018 photos + my friends photos + receipts
All my photography photos and my singing covers.
Im just a sad fifi now.
Sigh* it needs to be done
They're not my favorite episodes to watch
Yah, jooheon mam sendirian
yesterday was such a stressful day
Indeed twas great buh y dey cancel Luke Cage
bomin sweetie please cry
I MET AQUARIA AND she was the sweetest person ever forreal. but when i met violet i got bad vibes lowkey
STOP let me hold ur hand
LIFE QUESTION:
How many times do we miss God's blessings because they are not packaged as we expected?
We shall always remember this jelly bear.
I'm sorry for being this sensitive, brother. But I can somehow feel like that-
I'm bored being boring.
milwaukeehome soon so tired i cant do it.
Still, that sucks save you a shiny in case we ever get to do our trade!
Good morning Kels! Yeah they are but we push on. Although this neck of mine is hurting daily now
Please Lord, dont take my happy pill away
my beautiful family
Yes, i knew.
that's why i said world "was"
believe this came true
mizz u 2 hays hahah gawain natin to non
"Life, fall in love." - Life, RM mixtape
why not
I feel you
I'm so excited for he hybrid au i hope others enjoy it once the abo au has ended
uhm!!!! cumshothamnida*
It's still 8pm and I already want to curl up into a ball and sleep till noon
the hair that gets em. They automatically think Cartwright we all look the same to them unfortunately
WHEN WILL LOMA LISTEN TO THIS
Mate so scared for Juve Imagine going from Hazard and Willian to Ronaldo and Dybala
Right now being petty, and I know it. I wonder if God is pleased with my actions.
Because it's been a while
this is why i love her
very happy for you but not fair my alarm is set for 4.15am
Please TRADE BRANDON
Ndokumbirawo munhu anondibatsira assignment ye Java. Preferably muskana
everyone is chasing sun bread I'm just chasing some ass
When you just need someone to listen and nagopen up ka sa friend mo and sagot nya is nga
... couldn't find the words If I had to do it over again, I would have had the students
stressed
you never gave me fun tangerine facts
wanna cry also
what's new is i found out your gay but ive loved you from the beginning my bubby
See if you can take time for the flight 93 memorial.
That poor lady.
Piers Morgan is a gonad
Without u we r nothing
This is probably gonna be 2 of the best photos we have We're missin' nanay and bros already
sigh this life
Oh i hope you figure things out
i know bella joking
she- omg
A peaceful world
Things just can never go right I always get blamed for everything.
so bummed gonna miss this.
I know kill it!
Jgh
Why people just read the rules! not fucking hard
Asin ehn, we're in this together
We dont talk anymore
yeah i thought that maybe i was just overreacting and overthinking. but thank you
Rewatching concert videos and just so.. fond
So sad
this is it chief
pleathe come join we have a good laugh
so this is what our friendship is about now, huh?
I miss you so much
How I wish ako din
What Am I to you, my son? of course, you are my father, vather, papa, and dad. please feed your son well.
i'm blocked by all of them except for
Why doesn't torchic get arms
Ayyee
I just want to be cared about... I don't ask for much
Sawatari...
Juste, tais toi et apprends ta place
Tu me soules la xD
Of all the in all the world, this is the one most upset not to own. I love him so much
whatchu had for breakfast I have breakfast this morning
Opening gaina sa Division Meet, niya next week Science Fair napud
gotta watch low brand footbal for 3 weeks
is it too late to be interested in li xikan
Nanoo ok , I want so much sisters of Muspell...but thank you
Sucks not with the team
Arrey yeh new acc wo kese aur kp de dia
Yay close to texting him randomly like. Come away with me, communicate and hash this out. One can dream
sg is one crappy ass place but we'll make it through
13. stanning shinee
14. jinki is the actual sun
im going to kill myself
You even tell me u was home
I miss Ralph. Come to me, and hug me until I feel okay.
Really today it was very difficult thanks for your presence next us jin
Good morning today is Homework Sunday if you see me on twitter too mucu PLEASE yell at me
And he never comes back
Ay hehehehehe
Ugh JK's mind
Badly need someone to talk to
Hanging your head and pushing your ear to closer to a person's mouth instead of just politely asking them to repeat themselves
i knew it all along
leave me alone my heart belongs to lee donghae
Fuckin pieces of shit
I mute people I love even tho you find me annoying
can thanksgiving just come around please i need an excuse to eat mac and cheese all day
ini apa dong
they did his hair for the Bounce performance at the end but eventually he didn't perform that song
sad
I held her tried to wake her up but nothing, my heart broke and now gone
stop fighting in front of the children
I miss SF9. I miss Youngbin.
Hmu if yall found good subs that don't look like google translate
Ooooh! My seTswana is horrific . I was trying to learn way back when I had a Tswana boyfriend but that has since died out
stOP i have had enough
exposedt
Im there already, my room
May this not lead me to the "backsliding phase" of a Christian. I'm so sorry.
Huhuhu naga empake ko for Vigan and I realized just how paloy to the nth power si me.
5. Not blocked but wants to be blocked to join the party
they looking to each other in the end
This account turned into out of context xiuchen
sorry for my shitposts i'm gonna delete them soon dw
...anyone wanna know more about me or am I just that boring
We live in a society
So church is now an event. Chukwu lekwe nwa gi ..chai
I'm trying to read ur au but I can't see several tweets sjsjjsj oh no ): I think someone broke the thread
Ahwwwwe shet baby, I Miss you
Self respect I would hope
idk how yall do that
No ones done the ZEZE beat justice yet
Tasks done
I hope I tagged everyone alrd, if I happen to miss you out, feel free to smack me on the head-! ))
Then You Guys Cheat On Us
i literally breathed i--
she will always find a way to interact with blinks
I thought for a sec turned in Comey, too! Hopes Dashed by auto-correct correction
I made a mess of my life again
u probs already know mine
(3) i'm seriously as single as bang chan's puns
traveling to Lahore, Pakistan from Wapda Colony Guddu
mind me, just answering mentions, photo spamming tl with mark and then going on mark soft rant. just the usual.
im learning chinese
Your DM isn't open, Sir.
Literally
Where are u from btw
Approach anxiety or they're just shy
I might be moving back to ui
you have my whole heart, you haven't blessed me yet today though
I take it back im too shy to share my opinions
i'm mainly soft these days
Tf my last twit doesnt even add up... why so laggy??
still cant process that i share bday w soraru
I wish
I have one brain cell, unfortunately
8????
Only 8?????
I literally dissociated halfway thru
Discussiness
Its been 2 weeks nga wala si mama , im doing my best to all the house chores maaaaa , Ma ptoud naka nakoo . Miss u xoxo
hi everyone!!! where can i find episode of visiting tutor with eng subs? help a lost wannable. ty in advance!!
coffeestarsandyou: ctto late night paint and calligraphy. jusko yung sulat ko daming mali
Trying to be.
Or anywhere for that matter.
i made a gifset of pcy touching ass actually
IM ***A*** GOOD LIAR
OMG WHAT HAPPENED TO MY GOOD GRAMMAR
people who gain clout fast are scary
i can't find the tweet i got the picture from so i'm not really sure brb will be checking her vlive
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he doesn't kiss ya he gon find
I know she just used her for her own benefit
idk why my impulsive ass wait two more weeks for school to end but tough being me
when I saw the screenshot I thought he was whippin
Bottled it
my 2 accounts is banned without any reason please share tour customer care number
Wondering if I dodged a bullet or just lost the love of my life
When you thought you blocked them on everything years ago but they pop up with the
mira... be strong... tough though....
mm we all love banjo
When you have to joggle everything - Your health, your family, your job, your lovelife .. Kaya pa ba , Pia ?
And they got their supreme court justice so the court cant say its unconstitutional.
feeldog's social life is thriving more than ever, where does this leave us now
Awwww sad. Priorities
gonna absolutely cry on this fine morning
oh Sharni
I wonder how long I can live without sleep
But she didn't even wait. And if she truly talked to the step mother... then she's at a huge fault too. None of
I think I need to see the doctors soon. I have never felt this ill before
they say things like that all the time what am I supposed to do
Same with you i'm hungry,lets have dinner!
live footage of me supporting tyde since birth
lost one follower. So long buddy.
I dislike bullying and the words they and some tabloids have used feel like that to me
jeongyeon help having a restinf bitch face u guys are just mean
Sorry if i left and easily gv up. Hope you'll understand my side.
ugh aren't we intellectuals i love you
. more like mofo that doesn't make any sense how do you even think of such puns
quiero darle muchos besitos
5. Jongin and sus . Yeah has no meaning
(( The cutest ))
Wtf? sorry you do amazing work
i so admire their closeness sana all
Literally yelled out a huge in the car when Melvin was officially listed out
I don't think I can stream with a shitty internet
i wanna poke his lil dimple uwu
Waiting 2 .... 8 Hours To This Session But End Of The Day ..!!! Total Disappointed
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
jyp didn't have to get naked every second but he did and birthed legends like wonder girls, twice, skz and day6
Anxiety has been sooooo bad lately just wanna run away
I lost one follower. So long
(( The cutest ))
Good night?
-f
All these new followers and not a single, cute anime girl among them.
pls let me flop
I wanna hug yall right now miss yall ugh
(6) oh boy. They're too many. Let's say most of the kpop industry
Right right aku hbiskan in one day. Huh. Now need to wait for 2nd second pulak
Muito achar outras alices
Agay
Am I that easy to let go?
I honestly like being told what to bring, if I asked or offered to bring anything at a braai. Like
Why is Jin lips plastered all over my timeline if you all trend Jin lips I'm definitely throwing myself out my damn window
AT LEAST FOR THIS GUYS. GIVE IT TO iKON ONLY AT LEAST PRIORITIZE THEM FOR ONCE
My collection of stan twitter pics
Since I won't be needing them anymore
Why is high school a difficult age?
It must be a esay age in lifes of students.
What do you think?
I think that it must be easy.
maybe i should make a playlist of Song I'll Never Get Tired Of Listening already
sometimes i think about my life without bts and i just wonder how will i be doing if i never listened to them..
Cozy but it go out
aalia put love as my bio sigh
Good friends in different time zones = 0 sleep
Now I want a hug life
anyway but they seem so funny and i was about to follow them
thanks fan
anorexic siya
confident hilang
oh my god he's such a clown i love him
honestly so ill, I need a cuddle and some honey and lemon
I hate feeling like this dude
learn how to follow more fans
I wish I could draw more but idk what to draw
love waking up sad bc i miss my friends and sebastian not knowing when see them again
Let me just shower and sleep
Text too big
Another Doctor??
AT LEAST EVEN JUST THIS TIME GUYS GIVE IT TO iKON ONLY. AT LEAST PRIORITIZE THEM FOR ONCE
We dont know a yoonseok both irl and au
Eat and rest well.
well this fits so many groups in my mind im confused
Dear God!
depressed just thinking bout all the money withering out of my account Sponsor Meeeeeeee
Another one where the driver walks away
ok fine arsonist is my fav character
You dont have any idea how I deal this kind of pain but i know someday it will heal ?
Life sucks I just wanna meet you man
Golddigger girl big problems
1,66m and 16
We miss you too
unsaon nalang ni nako ang akong first film roll pics pa jud to from yesterday, a special day for us ginooo ko tabaaaang
Yo this looks interesting. Something to add to the orphanage tour, but still 2019 though
Story of my life
you aren't alone I missed his vlive too i'm glad that i wasn't the only one
Hmmm estee thats why i didnt too excited about the con but for my mental health i need to get this
No one greted me for my birthday in stan twt
im living that rn man
Di ko feel ang S E M B R E A K
it really be like that hey
Donate them to our dear peacemaker there, she clearly is in need of some
ty pats on yuta's butt that's a gold moment
i have to go study now
ok
I do not cosplay tho
All set. Layas nanaman. Downside of flying malayo sa bahay.
okay at least I seen dear Evan Hanson
kelvin just marry already
Uhhh that been me
Sa the good son daw? How come. Sige na nga.
In our own land, we came to this kind of condition... So sad...
if only little mix were like this
No one greeted me for my birthday here on stan twt
wounds will take decades to heal, centuries to overcome the trauma.
Adorable and unforgettable...
I miss you !!
i felt bad for my 20 followers
4. best of me
Yui chan will come back to us. Let's support her solo career when the time arrives! It's sad for now.
I missed my pet t-rex
Thank you Jackson!
This is what happens when ur gettin that bread
we
Benda paling frust bila tgh ttc ni ialah P.E.R.I.O.D so no baby this month
If I'm the bad energy in your life,don't hesitate to cut me off..
Protect your peace,I respect that
I wish you read mine
That feeling feeling.. I want to feel that too one day
Honestly I know. His back paw was all cut up bad enough to need surgery. But I have no idea what caused it.
Lord, please..
Sorry hun
randomly
Chicken check! Hmp, guess I'll have to go out to buy OBH for waifu
motivation please
I want some French toast , eggs and bacon
^^^~~^^^
And I can see so far away
How I wish my love story is just the same in the characters in Wattpad
In container's is what i pray for all my life oluwaJesu Abeg do am for me
Sadly, not super impressed
it was 30, flirty, and thriving
I hate waking up to bullshit
so gonna watch Harry Potter but not Star Trek
Puro wolves nakikita ko sa ig Hopefully, I'm able to get the chance na ma-encounter at ma-cuddle sila in the future
Awwwwww. Thank you so much baby! We truly appreciate your kind and inspiring words! Love you!!
And why did they not complete the mutual
Nai
I'm the weird follower
he probs even read them
And the prologue
gotten the worst damn cold skjaksls i need someone to cuddle and take care of me
miss these days
lmao what the heck. why are we blocked again sigh
That is literally my sister and I. She eats like a pig but gain weight and I can gain weight by just looking at food
Bring mitch back
a little fucker that creeps up on you!
fucj everything i just wanna see namanana's first stage
can we stop sl*t shaming
You can have some of my extra
Same he need foundation 10 shades lighter than his natural skin
Uy anyare, getwell soon.
I dont have any of those.
Until yesterday I would've agreed, but that ugly little heart alien grew on me
He looks almost cute now
like,,,, what did they gain out of it smfh
so tvz have been limited to only posting on twitter to promo their schedules now
i miss her everyday
we're all short so he can feel taller
creations
lmaooooo get outta here, allergies and sinuses is not to be played with
Omg ily too but "really mean" when I'm literally so kind
a bit late it
Im surprised they wouldnt have given it as gift
Me too fam, me too.
LAS 10 YA VAN A SER Y MIS AMIGOS NO SE DESPIERTAAAANNNN
back when exo were on their brilliant bullshit
My only mutual is and smelly tragic
Wasn't the intention.
Off-air
Gonna be dropped off by my mom at sm and picked up, but at the mean time Im in the cinema with no mutuals, sad
Harpic uske budget se bahar hai
Ooh so I wouldn't understand cuz I learn Mandarin
camila sweetie so sorry and stop i find anything to match this icon so i had to but YOU are the
I miss yirenyaw but I love seeing you as Jiheon.
Well idk about you but I definitely deserve this
I just want some titties in my mouth
Aye, it would seems that way there's still time to change course though. We
Mine is mess with my
ya the foot smell like yours
scar this time i can't join you, say goodbye to your acc
Take Care of Your
I'm so disappointed
I missed a lot of the game
Im from Busan, Japan
Aitana joins Martens on the injury list
Errrrrh that sucks
so much hope when the season began ...but but but
Put summer back on the setlist challenge
Working on a sunday goodluck
1 like 1 prayer for opressed cishets
Menyesal... But you deserve better than me
I looked up one on ebay that said they were getting it from BT21 in America and they had it at the same price too.
i believe top koo has such little votes
trench just leaked omg respect the work and listen to it until officially out
Ready to trade? But, You have all the games I would have offered.
its law
Pahinging motivation
telling people i listen to azealia banks was scarier than telling people i dont really like star wars
so sad saturday class
Michael Wnt me to come get him
And everytime I get in the gc literally nobody is online and even they are no one really replies
when will I ever learn
mini mini .. minuscolissimo
ele ta certo
For real
Only song getting me through today
the content i signed up for
WORST SEMBREAK
Thanks a lot for ur support
Came for my whole ass neck
HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHA i didnt wanna use caps bcs im afraid think im screaming but i was also done w his lame jokes
i found this cute case that i want but it doesnt fit for my phone
weird flex but okay
i messaged you smth to help you feel better a while ago but i think you saw it Sorry :( when sad
jisung post on insta and ill stop telling people i dropped you for jyp
Jgh. I'm so tired.
If we could only turn back time
svshss that wasn't the point
Here we are again
Gone but not forgotton
Haysss
is he even still alive
missin' home already.
Just only if i have the ability for doing that
making fun of me on facetime rn
Wtaf?! Never thought see this somewhere like here
HIRAP MAGING 4TH YR IT STUDENT SA STI
Yeah I missing her energy on tl
What a miserable life. I give up
phanniephobic
Pobre Cepeda
Bienvenido al team de los gafes amigo.
stan list
Need a drink rn.
Begin this season when i still had my ps
It's my preloved but yeah.
but season 2 was a flop sadly
I'd much rather save my money and do a character dining instead but my doesn't want to do one
everyones tl so dry oomfs actually liking my tweets
Where is to do a poll on ED's economic performance? Asking for a friend .
Ngathi alikho mnandi...
yes he's active on insta
Awake at 7 am on Sunday morning like some kind of maniac
no ones comes on sundays uh i have 12 more hours to go pls talk to me
Le football sans Messi jour 1
Cardi has the perfect body Nokia relate w her 2 cement blocks
I was once told I couldn't say I had a real professional studio unless I had one of these .. arguably the best
this made me sad
The other part of me made me realize I remember her voice..
I would never do that to you.
feel like I take 2 steps forward then 10 steps backward
Everytime I saw everyone is updating their muse.
Me : . . . when will I ?
...she is my bitch
we cant be lazy though, jihyo
Sorry micaaa
I'm so sorry, really wish I could help. Do you know is the new buyer a landlord too?
Sad
I mean no harm though
Spanish bitch right here
he really bending down so much like we all 2ft 8 or smth
Aff it, the fear has hit from Friday
gaadi tweets chusthunte twaralone BP tho baalchi thannela unnadu
Mahesh gaadiki unna konchem fanbase lo okadu minus
she while studying cUZ deym the views THIS MASTERPIECE DESERVES MORE STREAM REGULAR FOLKS
Pronounce
thanks for asking sad because i licked a dogs ass and now my tongue tastes like flees and rats
It's a big surgery she went through not a lasik to look pretty without glasses. She could lose her eyesight.
Well
New acc hai purani khtm ho giaa
My hands are cold
Yeah probably
So lazy to get on the road now.
im really sad right now and only armeries makes me happy
moms having chest pains i pray to god that nothin to serious
good time cause Im getting back to that but the only thing is im not sure how much it would cost to get there
please
I know
Cutie dont cry, come here! Let me talk to you
Missing tf out of my bf
Baia Baia...
When homie forgets to kiss u goodnight
so this is my new wallpaper
Ok best cap fans
Of course. Of course. At the same time, destigmatization campaigns
When you're trying to do challenges but get aggressively pushed..
Back when shotguns actually dealt damage
please stop im still collecting my tears off of the ground
why do you hate me
ugh forever fave
1. sochta hoo k woo kitny masoom thy
2. Kya se kya ho gye dekhty dekhty
Soooo..how much y'all in the hole thus far for this Powerball?!
Me too
it's called being a legend
Huhu. Thank youu.
tbh no matter what they do to him still outhshine and get all the attention they also need to
Gue curhat disuruh bundir
Cela ungiyeke wena I'm still waiting for you do the right thing RE: loya sisi
no funny stuff, im swinging if I ever see this in person...bruh thats someone grandmother ...
love is timing too
if this isnt peak bare minimum istg
If only most anime videos are as good and straight to the point as the mangas
This
We were stacking a bit early to tag against arabic 4 stacks unlucky
Kaash main white twitter pe hota
HANJIRHRJDJSHSH DIA TAKNAK IKUT
Religion is just a tool to control the masses. And the sheeple are oblivious.
im so sad i didnt get to see the tweet before she deleted it in this house we say f* dearkyh lives!
mako's fanmeeting was.. postponed and that means no new previews
i- these are my two favorite songs on the album idk what to say
t-that look like golden hour
you are so pretty oh my god like your nose is so nice... jealous WHAT you are way too kind thank u so
I want one pancake and some ummmm turkey bacon
Yeah I stan dusty boys
Excuse me sir that's a typo.
My eyes are so puffy.
Yeah be joining you guys in adulthood in 5-6 years
To b whole again
I want to look at my scrotum and think of him...thanks.
idk even when he sleeps his hair's in a bun. oh i see!! shsh i get confused bc hwarang also had hair
im sorry
broke my heart into pieces
They really thought they were safe, sad
freaking sad cold out and I find my poor cat anywhere
My bad right so sick of this Fake Love
But kinda skeptical that bts will go to indonesia since there had been an earthquake and tsunami , im so anxious
Either way, storms, hurricanes, hot, cold- my allergies are all over the place
I miss my boyfriend so bad
no YOU are the reason i like sagittarius
sHhh what we deserve
R IGHTEUS
QUALITIES
IN MY DNA.
DNT
ALLY
HAVE 2 TRY
AS MUCH AS
HAVE 2
TRY 2
KEEP THEM
*Looks at the current state of my acct balance*
ME:
good sweetie and I seen anything of him for a while
All I need is ur fvckin' time. Ur attention.
TIME man! I badly need it
I know share my notes from the Andrson-Price paper
Never again will I feel like this
Hundred million stars from the sky
Kainis tagalaglabas ng ibang episodes
Thank you. quite reassuring actually because felt guilty for feeling this way. xx
Too long.
b-but
been a lazy Sunday not ready to go back hustling
no wonder its only us who agrees tall
When relationships cost you much and hard to keep let it go you will just get yourself broke emotionally and money wise
This is so disappointing.
Naay by group, naa sad indiv
right,,,, plus sometimes the base keep talking about horror movies and attach some scary gifs there
Folg mir
The disrespect
who's vapers
Yes I've been curious actually.
Honestly, just sad because this team have any fire or passion. I want those Buckeyes back!
wat did i do 2 deserve this hAHAJSJAJSKSJSKSJ
Yeah gf I come home and she says need new because none of them, and a few, invited her to come
Rindu aerosound
SIEMPRE tan ilusa
Encourage a nigga
When will I be okay.
Tired
Miss them
KAMOO JAHAT BEBI.
Forgot to download buwan
and now, i am crying too how can they hate this girl?!?!
ok stop im disappointed w u
or...
if I get a go signal na its okay to sell. Ill sell them ate. I
shut up you are adorable appreciate it
I felt happy! ...yet hungry. Please don't offer me food, I'm on a diet.
Man City are ridiculously good
HALA!! SUBUNG KO LANG NAKITA NI. OK NA SI MOMMY DOC HAY??
This dude hacked my Facebook and got my phone number and now friends but he still give me my account back
man talking about scary movies with hannah isint the same as watching it with her
imhsm
we girls know when other bitches likes our boyfriend
uiiii handwriting koooo pangettt HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAYYYYYYSSSSS
Things you do in silence...
its vope nation
I cannot wait to spend winter nights in Doha with my family.
Awe
Working the night shift is really fucking w my body praying for this interview to go well tomorrow
hing less?
Does absolutely nothing and dies... Poor you.
You're still the one though
yes i did omg thats so cute
chaeyeon too sweet
oh rly!!! thanks bro 8th grade chinese is kicking my ass and i cant read Anything yall type in the gc without google kssjsjsj
Give me your nintendo first.
Wht am i suppose to dooo i cant stop crying la fk
Nigeria, all is not well.
Naah someone have to move on
"she had some... guy." I'm sorry, I still wish I could've gone with you, babe
Yepp.... very well
They are dangerously delusional
how to be smart like you
blankpink has never been problematic but we blinks are
angry? they were not
There is no light and i am forced to listen to the radio and hear OAPs speak in their jollof accents
Maybe, I did get my hopes up too high
what a night
matts so stupid gofdddd stop pushing the people that love u away
we girls know when other bitches likes our boyfriend
done spamming my loyalies <for the 2nd time> lol i hope they come thru
She won't reply back
don't interact w me tweets then, ur opinion isn't appreciated
Just so so young.
Oh no, say that
not really but thanks for asking
Agree, I just take a look and prices are out of mind, they're making this WS exclusively for rich people
you truly are an intellectual
I listen to right now without crying my eyes out tho
My FaceApp work anymore without signing in w Facebook and NOT doing that
i don't have enough battery percentage for chicken nuggets
But clear skin to or b achi lgti he. Beauty increase hti he us se
Ubaha never drops them, even ubhl
Endless, but it sucks to know I won't be around to seem them
okita never got her compensation
Why do i always get so emotional over little things these days
All my people dying just let them live
and he loves
I miss Kurt cobain so much
At least you have a fancy souvenir!
my sister doesnt allow me to eat noodles anymore
I Got Pink Eye Need to go To uregent care or Er !
I love you, but you aren't the only one
*Christmas in the City
Living without u is rhe hardest thing I can do
hs2 tour come soon enough
Not for a long time unfortunately ^K
Ugh another without ... but I can't complain because I get to see
+1
You say out loud everytime wat I feel.
If this is true sha.....
do you think if jin notices rj lying face down he flips him over so he can breathe
I missed all of it
Have you been struggling with Rosacea? There are a number of essential supplements which you may want to
me with anything cord
when i said i wanted dick this wasnt what i meant sigh
Violet that good of a song BLOCKED ,i respect ur opinion, but BLOCKED
Come on Caro, let's do this quickly so we can either sleep the day away or binge watch that goddamn anime
lady deserved so much better than the treatment she got
enjoying himself so much hehe.
Jaehwan-ah what happened to your eyes again? get well soon!
Did anon ever dm No they sadly
I need a fresh air
opo, thankyou bes
oh... i going to speak about that thing but well... right
someone ordered me something for my birthday and to this day i still got it. my birthday was in july
i have a horrible case of coffee breath
Why does he always go live AFTER I fall asleep?
And the end apparently
wake up to everyone dissecting the rondo/cp3 fight like its the zapruder film. i already miss being able to watch games
Finally smth abt him out
But still feel empty
Knetz stating facts only. people will hate on anyone better than them or their bias i had high
anyways, jungkook your favorite linkin park song
jmets pas de faux cils
I left my favourite sunglasses in yesterday
s-stop
It's a little bit sad when you have no one to talk about kpop irl...
Please go home..
Ghlti hgae na
they can do it once, they can do it
eaten 200g of Maltesers this weekend and I still want more
good luck to us k.harold
finals na!!!
We have to much sex
Thankyou so muchhh! Sana sa tax din
why can't you just let me keep this one?
NGL, seen you around the office and you are super cute but too shy to say hi omg really? Which floor
Hopefully he'll turn up I lost video Loki once, but did find him. I lost iron man's legs and found
I ask to be born
I didn't mean to love you
And I never meant to care..
To
not easy bein old u still a liar tho
You clearly know me
Wbk
Just a random young couple having a sociable lunch
Gowon, I'm on diet right now please don't tease my hungry tummy.
Honestly? Probably never.
I mean, movies still romanticize things like tuberculosis, so...outlook not good.
I don't use a strap on , I think sex is better without out it , plus I don't get any pleasure from using it ,
When will Mina update ig again i miss her alrdy
oh my god i miss hyojong's sixth toe
Accepting pizza eating challenges only ends in regret and stomach aches
must be a sad life to live
beyond freezing at work today
Don't know why
I thought this was plantain and now hungry
**Future ko. Wala kaming future e sharut
That's actually no funny
Aww not the same
You have friends in Amadi
my deepest condolences to you and your family stay strong fam! your in good hands now
Mera aj b exam tha sara din bohat busy stressful Sunday
If 33 year old Kobe was on the lakers be 2-0 right now
I need money please and I want to play football in a club in Europe.. PLEASE
The world fees like a truly vile place at the moment
Mommy I micchew.
Miss my women
i think u are the love of my life . perhaps i am Right You Are!
my long blonde hair
the quickest recovery to ya Brodie
I rly rly hope I'll be able to get tickets
Launched my sister, but suddenly feeling tired and not having it.
Quite sad
Wallahi so sad ni nace maku yanzu I'm over a cat but still about the cat family i want a lion, cheetah or tiger
Seriously?
had to let my puppy chew up all my shoes because we got given pink puppy toys
omg they're onto me
maybe im just a part of your
lemme try this again...... like if u want to hehe
I want to skip class on 17 :( why do we have classes on saturday
Lord, grant me the courage to forgive myself
I miss days like this
why you gotta do this to me
i hope taehyung will post pics of him in paris
My Back Hurt Bad Asf Man
i was gonna grind in maplestory today too
Now I'm even more sad
ofc you do ,,, its so u
but thats how i show ppl my love..
Where is the humabity
no name dropping but just say you hate women and go
Inkitt and spotify makes me sane every night
The tea is good today I felt the bad vibes way before tho
I know oh well whatever makes me sleep at night
bec you dismissed him, seok
Well, it's good! And weird sometimes.
What about Canada
Wish I could do the same.
every other ship in bts died just so jikook could keep on thriving.. h-how feel bout this one
Sad reacts only
why are all the boys who dress hype just fuckboys trash
too damn early to be disappointed by football again
Mga tropa ko nag aaral ako hindi na, la na ata talaga akong will... huhu oh well things come and go we just have to move on
Meee tooooo and to love get a Kalapurackal puppy!!! Lol
soz, i didnt know
i really want to attend seoul fashion week and just stare at hot people and their outfits
I've never been a cat person, but damn I miss Kitler and Atti so much
14 pages pa out of 24. worst this is just for one topic.
You will never be alone/-J
I want to give you my stoling meme license but I forget where'd I put it.
Report
not ready for you see you in hell
I wanna play sooo much guys hope ull get it fixed today, if not ill be still waiting guys. Had a
Can't tag you ehhh
Heart ,why are you looking so tough, cool
RK will also get married
I saw a shooting star but make a wish
too damn early to be disappointed by football again
Bad*
Buy it first.
Leaving all of this totally blows.
thank you AA.. it means a lot
Need a bae to baecate with
myself is going to be so beautiful
I am just selfish
Namiss ko bigla buhok ko
Still
Anak presiden
stay there
nOt the quote tweet
our Christmas tree is already up since September. ify
Ugh- such a POS and an embarrassment.
Still cannot fathom why he has a following; let alone WOMEN
Video Not Available
Harry come back to England just like LA
anjo
sana may worship sa wednesday coz I really need that for my birthday
i hate to admit it but i still want you back
Everything will be Okay
Maybe the night. Maybe we might.
Soulmates
Pujor sob kota din wait kore chilam sudhu tomar wish er jonne,ekdin wish kore haowa hoye gele Bijoya teo korle
Surely it doesn't cost anything to see your royal highness
my tl is unfortunately very toxic nowadays
Still worth a read, about lies, emotional appeal in campaigns:
this is gonna flop i be surprised
Im missing
it was in november last year
I need to make better decisions and actually think before I move making myself sick
It doesn't went well today
Says the person that obviously has no idea what they are talking about
Why u hate me now?
Gutted
Ah my heart
Nothing humbles me than Hand washing my clothes been at it since morning
Unpopular opinion: I want sneakyshaqiri back
and here i thought i was special
Kung pwede lang Anch!!!!!! Hayyyy
The Lord giveth....
And the Lord taketh away....
vi is refusing to accept her morosexuality
yall know i waz joking r-right?
oh same i think ifinished dl-ing that but then it said i cant connect.. thanks tho might get vpn now
Oh I'm sorry.
Disappointed but not surprised
But honestly that was the only intro of theirs I liked
She deserves much better
From 8 AM to 4 PM hard from 12AM -3AM ish ur soft
I-
True
Shayna is being laid to rest today
What's that...? I guess I replied it too late until the tweet has been deleted.
dammit
I hope dey get better pitch inside dat camp....or make I carry boot
spoiled
NO sad to say huu sorry
I'm getting too old to be around people who don't understand the concept of loyalty and honesty.,
Had a vid call with my fam. I miss yah guys see you soon
please for once send my anything u can even tell me how much u hate me
Hugs than!! Sad that we live in a society that conditions the mind of males to think its okay to harass
omg yes please
The fact that I missed this.... ...do another tour!!!!
Wait... Jungwoo suddenly comb(?) his hair and asked the fans if he is handsome lololololololol
sorry
if only Ten was taller he'd be getting offers from well-known brands too but no he lacks height and attention from sm.
Why does it make me French
THEY HAVE THEIR OWN FANCHANT AND NOT ONCE THEY YELLED YIXING'S NAME
THE CROWD IS DEAD
Running on 3 hours sleep for 2 days now seriouly need a good long nap after work today
.@carlyraejepsen when is the album coming out?
Wow. sorry you had this sent to you. The world feels increasingly toxic at the moment
can i please have a crush my life is so boring . i need someoen to uwu over other than taehyung
He better just announce at least let me do preparation
not everyone has taste i guess
Gronks out today
I miss you too
my dog just said fuck rug lives with all his chest okay king gonna clean up now
Donde vayas.. DEP compi!
Cyah win when we playing with 10 players
Everyday something else
he really deserves all the love in the world
you really look like that 24/7
6:47 am last convo whoa whoa whoa
kaksjdjs that other hot one
nonnas kneel to pray they kneel to suck their faves and go to jail (that cum creamed tea
BLACK BUTLER?? HHSHS not dark
you are who you stan
Maybe they counted all the uncounted chinese album sales and put it under DMUMT
Bruh you have my condolence
LOOK at his pouty lippies and his EARS oh god
I have faith in you
I know, I know
Happy place
Iloveyou. Please takecare of yourslef always and be happy! iloveyoumost. thankyou
Anotha day passes by and I still didn't get bck my accnt
What a sad evening.
Today is not good
Gonna wear my shirt today.
been so emotional the last couple of weeks i even eaten a real meal. My appetite just there
people hate on powerful people
The dick ruined it
It's actually devastating
Waiting for the day programming will come as natural to me as breathing
can I join
I just hope that in this messed up world, we still have that one person that we remember, smile and have every reason to get revived again
yoongi stans are hurt
Ok. You can stop showing off. You are growing up more and more Ita a trap But you look beautiful baby girl
This is so addictive I want to make more but I run out of paper ot this size and I have class tomorrow
Everyone's leaving and I'm still stuck here.
How sad
quite tragic really should sue
Deep never watched a full episode in my life
This is gonna flop i be surprised
a young in and out broer you know phone less
damn it val i was gonna post art u just had to steal the attention
stole this from miss jjimnis ily if this flop just pretend user koyarola never exist
hate when autocorrect does me dirty
Wish I could be the one
The one who could give you love
Heart kidhar hai
I hate when people die! too emotional
im fucking talentless dont shove it in my face
Aww, that would be nice for her but it is hard when you work all day
every like is an answer so like this
Agreed ! But Whats the essence of keeping a female friend without mekwe
TAPI DIA AJAK AKU BEB
MASA AKU NOLAK COGAN
I have received word of a terrible train accident in Taiwan. R.I.P. to those who have lost their lives.
i wanted her to look at the camera but i can't have everything
smileys like these :) :( :--)) :---(( :p :* :< :> are cuter than emojis like these :
I thought your cousin wrote Saturn as Setan
Using this instead of this /
yesterday all i was saying was i hope i meet jim even tho i have no idea what to say to a dog besides ur a good boy
Agreed but sns group deserves better wifi
I math
Not today buddy
Parkinson's disease
im sorry but it had to be said
I need more carat mutuals
fucked up
We got you fam We even screamed Namjoon president
apparently not much people are streaming
the biggest yes
I pray against this everyday
But Jesus if it happens
i just took a cute pic of ** *** but we can barely see my lord b.i tattoo
Cries in poor
am i only the person who was happy awhile ago but realized many different things and that made me anxious and sad automatically
sorry. sorry I had been crazy busy and all over the place
all here right now. We shall take a
I really wnna see this play at the playhouse square
Lord help me po to make wise decisions. Should i follow my dreams to pursue auditing or should i stay here at my job and wait for a year?
Maybe it would of happened yesterday, should have 2 field goals before the half. The coaches lost this game.
Mahn i am so bad at flirting.
it was supposed to be today right??? poor mako
no tweet about the philly shows? rly hate us
Me too.
Sad
Why people question Islam subah Allah
i wanna be friends with the people who follows me but im a scared little bitch
counting down the days
Really, Football at 9:00? I need my weekly fix of morning.
"A picture of you reminds me how the years have gone so lonely"
the dumbassery is a repellant
sorry forgot
This hurts in so many ways
I want my mama to go home
At times like this you supposed to come and rescue me...
ugly ppl really live their best hard being pretty out here
Unfortunately we will relegation and Ashley
Thank you so much! I had my first binge since July on Friday night so any help take
Damn I trynna call out
no it was some person my brain made up
also like this tweet
They kept Minhyuk's part... still prefer the unit but I will accept ot7 version
Unfortunately have to work now. plus last minute flight and accommodation =money I have
I am so sad, why I dating Jisoo
the connect was so good i didnt think it was possibly to outtalent that
It's not bad, a bit girly for me
I'm more of a whiskey girl, but had none left
nah meant to be
Legit
So sad seeing this people full of hatred using this lady yg tak bersalah pon dengan society
Damn. doing mental illness all wrong.
do we have to wait until halloween party to see ten... that's if there is sm halloween party
I'll do some updates first then diving, wait for me guys.
I miss the Run BTS episodes
Jus another chores
.
.
.
.
wow i love roudha
Please
then there's me thinking if i could really gotta get a tix
hirarin cuwute
Talk to me please
eye mean im still emo but
just how it is when you do work, expect anything less from gods best worker
Missing someone so much every inch of your body hurts is the worst pain to feel I swear
what about us laddies
sorry sorry. Tadi masih kaya gitu soalnya.
HFInc
Mate I miss it so so much
Finally I have the confidence to put my selfie as a wallpaper
monsta x did that: again
se eu tivesse um ps4 boa sorte amigo
I barely slept
just saw a little kid running to his grandpa all happy and i lowkey wanted to cry. i miss my grandpa
Wow did not expect that. A bit disappointed especially with the music
after 16 hours of sleep, i still barely need some more sleep sht
yk you have the best bio ive ever seen on here sometimes I click on your acc just to read it again
Hate missing home
It is a nice surprise though
Such a respectful Coach and person. Thank you
Where's my Jeno goes????
Au bout ..
good morning jungkook watching jimin sleep and jungkook changed sits
that's a part of his charm
it was pretty awful watching their family so helpless. This is what happens to the poor and uneducated tho
Well sorry
15 mins in the cold night air and not a single shooting star. Not even one. Ok, no wishes for me tonight, I guess.
I think I saw some tag yesterday...
favorite nct oomfs? All of them
I was laughing about how clapped it is I accidentally liked
i dmed then but they gone mute... what did i do to get people this mad
so who wants to be the min to my v since clara broke my heart </3
Why would you
Huhu why man heavy this heart
SOPHIA DONT ACT AS IF U WOULDNT DO THE SAME
Aww, nooo. Me too and I was really hoping for a slut nap.
this is sad
why is my skin acting up
loool they appreciate what they have, Fellaini and McTominay both start sometimes and they complain about Gundogan smh
I like kkb that much? the drop ruined it for me and i cant seem to like power idk why lmao i
sorry
sorry my friend gave me the tennis tip as he was certain she would win
Sometimes those you took for granted before are the ones you wish you have now char
Me feel shocked now
I love you? Really? I am afraid make someone on fire right now oops
I MISS YOU And I probably miss you. Dm me
Ayyy
no sleep and i work for another 9 hours
there are so many spoilers everywhere. must. avoid. at all costs.
you dropped hyuck
I believe my doctor has been lying to me all this time. like they even teach
jles adore eux
Whatever happened to the days of magazines that catered for and other
I KNOWWWW THEYRE SO WHIPPED FOR EACH OTHER THE FLUFFIEST IDIOTS LIKE I CANT GET OVER WUXIAN BEING
Me too we both deserve that much we
MARUKNYA KEBACA MARK SAMA AKU!! JADI PENGEN MARK LEE!! JAHAT! NGGAK MAU LAGI DI KUNYELIN SAMA AK!
He have been allowed to fly
Chill la... I know life fair sometimes..
Mais moood
Lord please
I only met hope world
Today is my last day on these meds shit has been rough.
getting FM withdrawal symptoms but no laptop. Please bring out the game on PS4
Honestly i need an update on dania and zach's drama
This what i always wanted
Issko investigation nhi drama karne bolte hai atleast ye topic toh nhi use kiya hota
Scars -- where you all comin' from? Why can't I feel you?
me ugh also I know how to shave a head,,, sorry
Me too. Honestly, vote SNP if they fielded some candidates in London. (I
Extremely disturbing
can someone date me in a cafe full with doggos
Sadly the map will never look like this, but a bish can dream
i didnt have a chance to save it
i fucking forgot on how to remove those fucking petals
Ska mmona a le montle, her fart can kill a fly instantly..
Aj b wesay han wo rasty but you are not with me!
I see you all the time you don't count as someone from the platform also you're hardly straight
The fact that opened up to the press about it hopefully means that regained his confidence?
When I am still yet to get a Dm from my crush
new layout
Omg
i need more hours w/ u
sorry
I uninstalled twt just so I can focus but guess who reinstall back this bird app
so much for one direction coming back was in a -Louis
been fed CRUMBS
Snuggle with me
tell everyone in my life this
literally too late capable of exposing each dirty secrets
How to ease this pain? Hindi ko rin alam
am i the only one who wants to hurt chanyeol more
of course! smol seokjin
Going to get my tight pussy eaten tonight yaaay I soo carnt wait to be sat on someones face
all these nudes but no one to send them to
I act like I am even if I'm not :( anong act po yan??
I miss my moms man
wish I knew more Tagalog to elaborate a smarter insult but all that you taught me tho I remembered it
Peer pressure le yone e bolaa bana.
my songxiao tag is 'otp: it wasn't your fault' bc i like hurting myself
awake early and I miss them so much
I miss my baby
oh yes my precious human being I know exactly what you mean and I feel the same way let's team up
I hope I know how you feel and think about me. So, I would know what to do.
sushi is my favorite food
I really do miss hugs
Just woke up sick asf
That's soooo perfect This is one of my fav cover of all time It always makes so moved
Thank
This why I date a nxgga with kids. It becomes a problem one way or the other
My dream is to meet sal vulcano and for him to give me a t-shirt with his old self on it
Being in his arms was amazing
sorry rubs
this day :(
YALL SO CLOSE PLS STREAM
Pltl b-but if I tell you, this won't be a surprise. . .
Happy game day!!!
Oh wait......sigh.
Night
I fear really that simple.
It's like, me against the world.
So don't call me baby unless you mean it
The two seasons I actually rooted for OSU, they got gipped out of a playoff spot (last year) and now this year
I'm almost broke my bosses windows xp computer and was thinking maybe he could upgrade but then it came back alive
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
Joseph one of my marupok friend
reply some memes pls help yo sis i am thirsty for new memes
12. unhealthy food
found him
hercules oppressing everyone from juvie
hi from Russia
I vote for you because I live in Russia
But you're a real talent
Good luck
stop breaking my otp
Oof all I see are locals showing off their relationships and I just want the same happiness
I swear people just wanna troll so they can be famous on twitter, whose child is this? please come take your
how do you make so many friends teach me your way i never really made the effort to make friends it just
If I'm the bad energy in your life,don't hesitate to cut me off..
Protect your peace,I respect that
Cos this red lines is what this negotiation is missing.
He's so whipped
Same Kookie
I wanna be lixie's friend too
Realising that I don't have anyone to go watch Fantastic Beasts with
If i make an announcement on Facebook all
ajak vdeo call tapi tnjuk kipas jak
I miss so dam much
Im really crying now
everyday i regret cutting my hair 13 inches gone but never forgotten
That was a very depressing match
Why am I uo this early
follow me im funny
RT
i have no control over this it's a simulator
self diagnosed 13 year olds are the worst kind of 13 year olds
stop hating on my girl jennie y'all
Sorry po
Your words cut deeper than a knife
its cute
cry bub
Sorry for everything
A donde va Lleveme con usted joven
I miss them.
Goodnight.
that is really sad hope he gets fine fast
I wish I had my dog with me
Matlab me pen chor aur gandi hu
This is relateable. I've not replied to a friends message from 5 weeks ago
taeyeon_one_day.mp3
I work 347 hours a week!
am yet to find the seok to my yoon but still hoping
Too much cold
I feel you I feel you
I miss your sweetness, your care especially you..
choremos
Oooh baby so sorry
RT Itswiselearning: Unfortunately
It's been 6 years since I last crushed on someone within an hour of talking to them. This is scary.
reply back to this tweet if you can relate to the fact that people say they copy but they copy your style and other peoples style
VERNIE...... HE REALLY OUT THERE HUH
Pitbull would have been a great guardian for akechi
Uphinde waphapha
Factei apenas bb
we're all whipped for this king
Sorry to hear about Oscar just to top off your bad week ay!Hopefully Jake has recovered from his ferry
No one is following me wani .. my followers still constant
Never thought be that parent
My thg flopped
because youre there for all my best memories
The Achilles rupture appears to be the news coming out of the club now too
too many things on my mind
guess you really are a daddy AHAHA
remember when i last showered i miss the feeling of water oh well
So Disgusting and So Very Sad
he ran away how they gnna get pictures of him
Getting old sucks
KMJS NAMAN! 'DI PA KO READY SA CREEPY SEGMENT NYO PVTEK PANO AKO NYAN MAGC-CR SA 2ND FLOOR?!?! haixt
"There's nobody else like him" Maybe I'm crying I want these fools to figure this out.
How are you
This saddens my heart, her last tweet was about the terrible feeling of loss may her soul rest in peace
I wish essays came as easy to me as math does
ok then i guess im really gonna hide it under my shirt or buy the ex water at the venue itself
Sound of Silence...
clout is her medecine she addict okay you understand
I can't find videos of fans dancing in front of MBA on 16th during the concert and they were amazing
I think we are gonna win anymore games at this point
What did you do
So sorry to hear
IT'S NOT AN OBAT BATUK.
time to try take some selfies on SNOW i hope i look half as good in them as ellen does
I'm exhausted
he
The Internet connection in Paris rly hate us taekookers
i'll experience the best death ever tho
watching the fireworks by the bedside
Sorry i also not find it
busy saving others while here fighting my own demons alone
def two sides to every situation
NOONOSSJDJCB ily
you unfollowed me? i unfollowed people who i thought they were annoyed bynme
Nakakapagod lang
Sino header mo Basta gutom yan lage
Omg go get tested you can never know...
Chuuya isn't thicc, but..
yoongi: then mickey yours
hoseok: *gasp* this is why we are business partners
I miss u See u soon ir.mnr
you when I see
Some guys are animals tho...
Aral everyday
Damn. Now never be able to live my full manic pixie dream girl life.
I thought u r talking about lip2lip kissing. I'm dating but I don't do cipika cipiki iwould
i dont know why
i want a cute ass gf or bf man to go on cute dates and watch scary movies throughout halloween and wear
Think I need a long hot bath my hip is still so tight
hhhh sweet precious bois
Can you all just use ignore & block already? Stop dragging it even more. You are giving them exactly what they want! tired.
am yet to find the seok to my yoon but still full of hope
now we wish MERA masternim to attend and gemme us those cams
of course :( it was my lock screen for the longest time
minari is starving rn
You still follow me Iona
O my God... the way that wind was blowing yesterday.... whole tree fell on my car while I was driving.
yall so soft for dreaming stuff like that
but the the answer is yes,
at least that's what I can tell u from experience.
7hrs byahe
What scares me is those around who remained silent, both staff and passengers
now over
Idk I get intimated by everyone
saddened by such mentality and thinking from a black person futhi.
first mon and now u... we're losing our comrades to the anime rappers
First dry run in calabar and it's still raining heavily
We used to go to the top have breakfast and then come back - now I think I can even do half way
Apparently nobody can control my attitude . Oh well
(16) meu bebe
+ kirishima wallpaper
Not in the bread making move today
nothing worse than working on eagles Sunday
and not accepting my friendship card isnt
i know what it is guess never be mine Huh
when you misstalking to someone but are too much of a coward to message them
omg tea
When the person you want most is in Heaven
Shame Shame Shame Shame so very sad
I been myself for months
jk i wouldn't have bc i still gotta spend $50 on my got dam holmat ticket when it's finally 99% confirmed im goin
its sad that waking up to the fact that no longer mine and i am no longer his.
i won't stop until this selca reaches a million likes
Not in the bread making mood today
sad but at least u told him the thruth
Feeling useless and aimless is there somebody who can help me ??
im- my family's from there,, but i never went there
It be the same
I just realised Dayana Chloe and Dina arent 15 anymore :^// and the fact Safra's doing AS already like damn why they gotta grow up so fast
Yahh go ahead adopt yourself
I'm sorry kung hindi ako perfect
Me too! Feel same
Btch plz you always interact with me you need to be sorry
We knew this was coming, but it still feels like a gut punch that it did.
Bu bu bu but she shook her butt and everything!!!
my sweet baby boy
Panget ko dyan i miss you too see u tom!!
anyone wants to play lol / paladins with me
busy saving others while here fighting demons alone
My arms have been painful though. Ngathi bendi box-a uRikish
without my thumbs i'd be a dumber bitch
whats the point of me getting rid of my gag reflex if there's no dick in my mouth rn
it's almost been a year since i (know it)
Lemah sama sticker
THANK YOU.
i-- ):
im indecisive asf and i waNNA DO ALL-- KJDNJKJ;SAF but yknow..
So sad..... Never expered this
I miss the good old days
can't see some from my friends phones
Hawww
pretzhen unknee come back
aye al get all me pals on y in a minute n tell y stop being such a nasty twitter bully
I miss my pals
no Gordon we lost.
somedays are tougher
i still don't know if i am going to stay here or just be at my main multi acc why am i a very anxious person i hate this kzkzkzkxkxhsjwkw
dmn who knew the good things we've been through
i posted a new one cause i didn't liked the pics of the first sorry
Days like today really make me wish my dad lived in New York
We will miss everyone of them
Can I just cry everything out.. please
I want a lazy kitty just cuddle with me, is that really too much to ask for
Come here
thats me getting these baguettes
Oh I-
so xiuyeol deprived what did I do to deserve this
Bub! i wanna cheer u up. Naa man gyud mga people na brave behind cc. Just dont mind them.
arwin misses you
I want my happy pill
so very sorry Sending you all my love xx
I feel so lonely tonight
20. sk because well friends and 0ppA and newzealand bc dad said it was really good and nice and everything
I want a romantic date
GOODNIGHT I LOVE BTS i have to go pls tell me if i miss anything tomorrow
good night say it back
Melvin Gordon is out today
Sadly not me
Please give me some I'm sad and lonely
Gotta make this break with another 11 hour shift big sadnand big tired
Aga knee that tennis was dead and so she stopped trying
more like akaamad bc they're disrespectful sghssjk
impulsive buying the packaging was cute and friendly like it wasn't going to be that spicy but i was a fool it bit me in the end
7 ... i-i watch movies much but i love school of rock
8 ... loud but shy
9 ... my bOdY
So sad it hurts
That is no excuse!!
I'm sad i lost my account for the starmyu fc
heart let u can we get 100 sad reacts ?!
Let me date at least one of them
Sorry eonnyie im dying already
IM HUNGIES
gn yall i work at 6am
i love! yoongi !
Awkay sorry for being coolkas at first. Actually, at first, I was trying to not to be a cold one.
already theory season??? good bye to my peaceful days
CARLOS. I HIM SO MUCH.
Exo-ls really are more in a drought than I thought we were
same sis iyakan2gether
Prayers up for not having Melvin
probably playing myself Wobbly is at ONYX & Funky is at Sumo
loosing my sleep, please comeback now
so sweet
Change is coming.
group i stan is got7. i stan bigbang too but im not that active bc they arent too so
I WANT TO SLAP a kiss on his face
Dumbass hope you're not having keema for dinner
You feed them with receipts and still toxic.
I'm not blocked
why do keep unfollowing me, i have a cute puppy to provide for
i have mutuals and i wanna talk to them and be friends with them because they seem really cool but scareddddd
Mom, why????? i'm starting to question your parenting style. And i know there's something wrong with it.
I wish i looked like this
deep inside my heart only Allah know
apparently tutku muted me too
team synergy duo with stuffed animals u do
Throw hands with me pwease uwu
I really want to make a gc but Ik die in like 1 hour and no one wants to be in a gc with me because annoying
I will never understand why my mom hates me so much. That shit hits deep.
my layout is trash but I am too lazy to fix it
St. Louis is beautiful but I miss home
really hard to earn trust that way been there.
I know this
I know
Sagol canim...Kartlarim param hersey gitti
cutest bunny
I really slept on fake love for the longest time Mayhaps a bop fellas
2 years ago, the gays were sad
AH STOP IT ty
been since they got together tbh
me too bro
essa roupinha rh mt lindinha
Sorry. I was trying for discretion.
Damn my mood right now
they rlly are the most beautiful couple
been dead since they got together tbh
No one will ever know
I know them hos creased
the club in your heart
41) its the same as favre movie, i dont have a fixed one right now its No Longer tho
but my gpa says otherwise
sorry i let u slack off
Born singer is fantastic, but basically a cover of Born Sinner, so have to choose something else
jin ure so pretty
Ugh always cleaning up her messes
not. We have 2 seasons now. No Spring and no Fall.
wait its not true?
i hate bugging people
|| sorry unnie, something bothers me...
ainda bem
SHOOKY IS ADORABLE THO
Been thinking of having 10million only but e never come
Thought process how far nah
I think that going to live.
I missed you a lot today..
What the fuck. I didn't see the rest
my head hurting
i will always be partial to hype music
hewwo wld u complete d mutual? i been on twt in a day, idk which person u are
No bullshit. Sundress season was lacking this year.
Can you feel the pagod when you hear "Monday na na naman bukas" ? Bc I DO
thanks 4 the support
and everynight
46) ice cream, sometimes chips
My account is so inactive
Sometimes it's hard being a bottom
holiday - at my hospital, this time with my wife who feeling well nurse just did a
Really wishing I had money vbucks
Jsbfj its okay, we are all excited
Maaf.
all your moots hate me please stop
been away for too long.
I read this as pre-fuck
just me? okay
Why do people think you said something negative? Love youu
The shoe hoe in me jumped out. I bought another pair
My boyfriend always says maybe not a girl
I have my make up kit with lots of product. But like day to
It's heart breaking and nerve wreacking
I hate the cold omg
I WANT TO WITNESS DNA ERA TAEHYUNG IN MY EXISTENCE.
Prayers for my momma
Say sorry and walk away
okay so 1) why did you ask me about EGGS and 2) well i guess friends now since you said so
we live in a society
sigh my header
eaten but it a roast
why anyone inform me of award shows in the uk
we live in a society
Please send pet photos
Having a rough day
\
spill the teas sis
Und ich nicht?
highkey wish we had a fancy lightstick like the big boys
i didn't know you tweeted that, seul i slept at 8pm last night
I always tell people that airplane is the best song in hope world but no one agrees
PLEASEEEJSGEIFBDLFJGK IM JUST TIRED OF ANA ACTING A FOOL ON MY PEACEFUL TL
sadt
I be ready to have a baby or fight off the light lol real aggressive but I even that I was disappointed
Respeta a Tommy
This water still go down
I can offer u some pussy but nothing in the dick department
5) honestly,, i just love namjoon 6) uhm well! a lot! bts, nct, got7, mosta x, loona, red velvet, n twice but i wanna stan more
i should edit him
It's better this way
sorry i been active today im so busy
I am not ready for this, tbh
I haven't seen them so I can't say
oh my god here we go always on this weird shit
crap i messed up a bit on the head
wtf I missed a taehyung vlive? damn god really does not like me
had a dream about my brother last night
Sad times
Main Wo Duniya hun Jahaan Teri Kaami Hai
4/4
50!!!
Remed.
Apa maksud orang-orang ini.
I guess just have to get used to getting replies late kay sa barko pirmi delayed ang email
will do
at least i agree that crunchies are amazing
2nd Quick Brew just wasn't good enough.
Bueno, al menos yo lo hago
Girl I got@dad news, that sears shut down two..
I refuse to show my emotion.., but so fucked up inside
Last night drowning sorrows after RNG loss
I miss my boy & he just left me
Wish I could floss
Might have to settle for McDonald's
Poor chanyeol
He looked okay so desperately sad no longer with us
Run free My Wigwam Or Yours you did not deserve that
Any Doyeon(s), please pay attention to this tweet. totally: So Done.
i want to revise but people keep texting me it's hard being so popular
this got more likes than my original tweets sad
Can I have your daughter for the rest of my life?
Say yes, say yes
My stomach is still in knots
Jangan mcm mcm fatin . Esk last test utk subj introduction of computer systems.
I will never have the confidence to shoot my shot
Well said!!.... Says it all quite frankly
She either got a man, or think she too boujee for me
Malaysians too sadly
valid
But people don't want to understand that...
This really hurts
bcs that someone(re: me) sucks
her giggle at the end
im a ginger
??????? I'm an " alien " here from Hungary Have a wonderful Night
I guess they would have put themselves in that situation, but RIP pee hole
watch this give me nightmares of skinwalker hobi
and u probably wont
i love u miss hyejoo
Well then follow the watermark that the video provided
JEANATHAN AND KOKSTER
the heteros are back at it again
why i sleep? im tired, i just cant sleep and alrdy read all the books in the world but it just woke me up more :(
I wanna .... jimin ass & thighs ...im sorry
wow imagine if bilingual legend!
ethereal be like
_/|\_
Balcony furniture is now in.
be kitty furniture for the next 6 months.
its a family thing to be salty
Unpopular opinion: super hot kuanlin was damn hot i mean that hairstyle with that rap???? Need a comeback
Oh mai god be my friend
Can you help me to find her for me.
mayhaps a part of small account culture
hmmmm, hi my love
Definitely wasn't there for the football...
I see... can't related
im with you on this
Dm ate cha.
Such a pretty song
Only thing is they had 4 different body types but they are all almost the same body type yikes we done more
stay strong jasmine magiging okay din siya oki?? think positive lang, love you cheer up!!! Thankuu anon!
Maybe she'll change her mind afterward
my fucking man, he served two songs and went in the basement
My baby look so cute.
Do I really have to go through all of these? Heeeeh. Biya' isab
if i become ur friend how much is this gonna hurt me
Daming bawal na kainin tiis lang coz I need to do this and I have goal.
sobrang feel ko si kuya it's incredibly painful to lose a best friend
Tapos sabay block message and unfriend
Story of my life searching for the right kips kifdgzsxcmn por da mi
Cupcakators have lost it
HI children! are you a crackhead and need to confirm your real crackhead identity??? idk what im saying just
And josh Allen will still be our qb.
Y pobre
dm me if you look like at least one of the nct member
I guess right. I just wish I was 20 years younger
I sorry! I will check next time
Shaun naman pansinin mo rin ako please
I see u got the mom/dad humor. What a pity, kuya ciprian.
I actually read the article after I posted it and nobody was really barfing. it was clickbait.
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh
Ouch, the last sentence really hurt my heart.
Btw I managed to lure some of my friends into keyaki but then we hardly meet each other anymore, so...
looks like im not the one for your cannibal feast date
Btw I managed to lure some of my friends into keyaki but then we hardly meet each other anymore, so...
I already asked people here in our house but they also have the same problem with the app
there something inside me na napaka bigat
i only passed two worksheets and one problem set and i didn't pass any summative tests
WHEN I SEE A WOMAN LOOKIN ROUGH .... NAILS NOT DONE HAIR A MESS I DON'T ASSUME SHE'S BROKE I ASSUME
maybe one day DO IT COWARD im so curious
My kid elbowed the fuck out my lip and she give two shits
we going study math and portuguese
really going to try hard to get a ticket but I feel hopeful . I
I want iced coffee & donuts but broke +
my twi is having a bug
Nah it's fine
to much fucking shit going on
I would but you dm me so
Yeah but Kvitova peaks with Caroline :/ Anyway we will see.
Short people like me should never be in the standing section. only see heads and banners instead of what supposed to be seeing
I feel like I'm losing my lucky stars, one by one.
absolutely heartbroken
anyways i'm leaving my hometown that's sad i'll be back soon tho
Like a paper plane betweem waves
Another loss for the lakers. Sadlife
I want to wrap him up in a blanket and love him all day
still not tired singing you to sleep babe
Unutulmaz
i miss yoongi so much i wanna cuddle him and at the same time i wanna boop hobi's nose too
Bad headache is still here unfortunately but gonna force myself through today. just rest when I get
I literally could not find a better photo of me that fit this aesthetic but it looks cute
so im gonna fail at least one of my courses
not dunkable
I all my rich moots going to Singapore to see bts I like you
I knew it
not yet tired hugging you back to sleep after a bad dream
Then sore throat that will eventually magiging sipon
Rest easy grandpa like you always said gods plan...
You are not alone. *Sigh*
Missing rn
omg, ur the admin? so sorry i didn't knew.
I understand they upset with me which is why even though I want to, I will give you your space
Mire save me
but its aizawa though
It's not easy for me to forgive someone who've hurt me that bad. And I pity myself for that.
Why does she keep getting those roles. Suzu kinda already graduated from those.
you have to sub me like this sis
You're not all that familiar with Air Canada, are you?
bds indeed outruled
ya i know my face getting worst
... we not gone get it though
Looking back I wish I appreciated him so much more
and everyone thought cate blanchett was the cool one
ICYMI: Even though Brewers lost last night the concert is RESCHEDULED for WEDNESDAY OCT 24. Tickets
Yup.
M-my gay ass is THRIVING JIMIN AND HOBI- they really those unnaturally kind popular girls
Grabeha maka comfort oy! Lupig pay comforter nimo brad!
I want a puppo too but I bc my mom refuses and honestly, my cat is a jealous babby so I
omg this tea. but nope
Let get this bread
Exactly
dont bully hets
he actually had me fooled
Huwa! Ahjussi Jjang
Sadly, no one make me sad. Just, I miss my friend...
My bed feels so good bc cold outside. But ima go to church but be back
I really be out here like
/\
/ \
i hope cliff replies to me pwease notice me senpai
you proud of me baby?
fine. it's no big deal, i'll just sulk for the next 2 weeks or so.
this the whole story but so long
Headed to the airport and I forgot my damn headphones smh
I real life been dead, Its sad & stressful as fuck
Don't want to leave
My only tweet that did well
I can't get enough of it
Jimin looks way too cute on Jungkook's lap...
ye wehhh inshaallah get the tix we want amiin!!!
feels like i had a nightmare, but that shit actually happened
almost unfair how pretty you are
Hopefully
I am hurt
None of the boys brought Me a so none of them got a treat . Maybe at the next meeting.
give us no reason
i feel so sleepy all of a sudden
Y'all are genius for mixing joon and singularity. 2 of my favourite things in the world
Its so nice out, too bad im at work
relationship goals right here
rn pls
oH my god you'rE TALL
im 5'10" and 16 sO tREE KIN except im still the bigger tree sad
realtalk, actually sad to be the type of person na hanggang barkada lang parati
Tingin ko either overcapacity na infrastructure sa ground or may kailangan ayusin to make it efficient.
Miss you
Nawh man happiness isn't what looking for rn
It's mental stability and sanity in which I lost like
this is life.
pls i want a dog so bad they always make me feel so much calmer? like idk how to describe it but my dad let us
SO TRUE
No No
Koi bhi
they want us to suffer
Sorry
This makes me I even want to see the blood not to talk of washing it.
I miss ya
I just think theres gonna be too much dredge for me to get away with temur
me
Eating a full English makes me feel chubby
thanks but still not yoona
I got a little dick so I got no choice but to be in the gym everyday
my lightstick was meant to be delivered yesterday but i home so i get it till tuesday
maybe i got lucky idk dude i hope they stop attacking you tho,,, multis stay winning
shut up this matters
No hipster players for me to hype back to repping obiang it is
ya stop, not true
Sorry but water help
My first take
Before the fail
shitksksksks not even that bad this year
omg I tweeted on the wrong account
idk if she'd want me to say i don't wanna expose people.
Photo wesh
When your planned day goes from bad to worse and you snap at the wrong people
Alou neneu me wopopopopo, Ama instant yi se kanam dafa gonfler boyyyy, comme fagadaga
only one who can beat me...is only real Weabz know
on crack again (part 2)
I'm sorry, love My DM's are always open if you want to chat
i even realise this au finished omg i loved it so much
PLEASE WISH ME LUCK FOR MY EXAM TOMORROW
Wo sirf dod'ta h
its ok pnx panx
I love and miss you Space Mom
the amount of love i have for gowon
rei know what hamilton is wish that were me
yes my girl forget me when famous
May allah help us
nobody will believe u bc i am vvv convincing!!! also i will cry if u do
Yoonmin bread crumbs
same!! Ofc! I really hope okay
Yong excited ka manood tapos ito lang lalabas pag open mo
wHY IS SOMEONE TRYING TO CHANGE MY PASS??? IM JUST A SMALL ACC HORRES
I FEEL LIKE I SPOKEN TO JIEQIONG IN YEARS.. *sad*
I know but I need to start one, my opponent started DEN DEF so down already 33 points
I can't believe this
Taekook a!! I MISS YOU
Angelina is sorry, she won't swear anymore
i know right
Black Mirror effect
I lost 2 friends this weekend man
aku kangen.
Relationship status:
Successfully wasted 10 month of 2018 in stalking crush and her crushes.
My heart just sank to my feet
Missed 'em so much
Love you
And probaly thinking bout Tae's ily...now im sad im lonely again lmaoo
Prayers going up for comfort and peace.
I finally convinced jack to watch JoJo with me but he wants to watch the DUB
My parents never let me go to build a bear cause it was too "girly"
*nothing
They went all out yesterday so i was already mentality preparing myself for the incoming starvation
Idk idrc anon you just played yourself
my manager really said i can have anything for free since my last day king
rs status: im.. single wow whatta surprise
not that i send them, that not even seeing them getting notifs for a gc that even in my dms
Still sad H2 Blue did not make the A League
this was my senior photo last year
ahhh gotcha m bad sope nation rISE
i really could have done half of these YESTERDAY if i didn't spend like 2 hours fixing up my carrd
why is being healthy so expensive omg i just wanna be a skinny queen who's not completely broke n living on the streets
Best song of the year
Y bad a bass!!!
I am so at the official Labour line on it. All the members I know are totally anti Brexit. It
Leg cramps + menstrual cramps + soew throat
Hi Sheryl
Hellweek starts tomorrow
13 hours on my poor feet today.
Oh but wo to acha bacha hai
HALA HAHSHH. Go USTe na talaga
it was a dare
n i are so wholesome could never
delicate really IS the last single huh
hurt lol had to delete it
If only we could see him in green and white in 2019
You are living on the edge stanning monsta x then stay strong
orlando was 20 in first lotr huh.......... why am i late by 18 years </3
Future fell off a long time ago
take my heart olredi
Well, last night was super fun even though we get the win. We were all super sad. Phone was close to
Omg your words make me into tears
my haylor aura got him
I wish I so tired last night that I could of watched the game
GLAD TO HEAR THAT, THEN. I'm afraid I might annoy you with the sweet side of mine.
is it me
for real tho
tried making a chick fly cus i thought it was a full grown bird
it was too popular so people stopped watching
Spent my Sunday at the salon
love you too! Miss you!!
saved birthday money and money from internships
< This is why I love the blrp side better. 51 replies and still counting. >
There is nothing funny about it, they have "the romantic chemistry of white bread" or smth
Kaso walang pwet
No . Na just money remain bro
guys this was my senior yearbook pic last yr no judging pleathe
Always missing my family in Florida
I was how you startedoff like I'm funny and was trying to geton
u had the audacity to even put shobhana with the rest of them. thought twice smh
Yeah I just hate this time of year
look at mine
KAJDLDJAL no i rushed everything
My parents drove me crazy, but I miss them so much.
Pls don't hate me
indo ali procurar o gif e fazer outro
Made me realize something
I might f uck around and fall in love with you
notice this
Couldn't agree more hannah, really feel for you and hope you're okay. The worst one I've had is 'it's your job'
sorry none here
Tired.
im sorry sis
Le ab to mat
Excuse me, sir. How can you take my girlfriend without asking for my permission first?
people really throw rocks at things that shine like jennie kim
I tried to separate them but I think I damaged the plant will see tomorrow or after it
Soph horrendous it? hope you get better soon! seems like had a really bad
m-maybe hear me out... jimins using joons jacket
Just believe me!
I miss her
when hinata talk to you
Sometimes wish not come true
THIS JUST HIT THE SPOT AND BY SPOT I MEAN MY TEAR DUCT
No chicken dinner this time
han na asma ye layer biryani to fst time bnai
U have their email? Can you share?
this is your worst tweet ever
silently we suffer
Rondo my nigga i hate it had to be him
i feel so bad whenever i talk to this one nurse bc she makes me feel dumb as hell like girl i dont know shit but im good at my job
this flopped
- another iconic skinny skinnies mutual! You seem really funny and I hope we can speak more
26. only bts
Panthers fans gotta pray for stuff like that
Le ab ro mat
My baby is sick
Well, just be wishful thinking siguro...
why u wanna do that
We got four fur babies but the two left us already
rip earth 2k18
delivery is down, what now?!
I feel you - fc
we going missing carrie hours
be alright dawg
stop now ur gonna really baby the fuck outta me
omg i forgot twice dating ban have ended ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, im the big spoon and i can kill the roaches in the bathroom,, consider
EXO could never
a full cutie i miss you
stop the amount of times i watched this yesterday.. i luv him
Yep.
will you ever shut up about my ratio
pretty close to my natural colour apart from the dark roots but gonna have to strip it so no going back afterwards
obrigada
did yari get locked out her acc
sorry i just realized i mistook him as the wrong person
me too
stoppp... you know what i mean
I have any possibilities to see w1 before disband? Sorry
So empty
The holidays start rolling around and not the same
HAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA BADTRIP NABUHAY TULOY OLD CRUSHIE KO
so sad that racism is actually a life time thing
Tu mein beste OK
If kyungsoo gives him his consent maybe kkkkkkk but yeah I really need to hear those songs too
Sigh someone stop me from all these tudung buying
He must've been so stressed out at Hamilton show ..I'm
Damn I wish I was up Ship for the weekend
Lol but she was feeling neglected
Since they lost the game...did they ate at a restaurant instead
bub is still wearing his neck brace
God im hoping but im not very optimistic
would you still love me the same
their natural colour uwu just wearing clear lip balm
I miss doing this.
Anyone here who wants to climb? Hmu
i love u soph but......i rest until i find them
i love dzana even tho a bitch
Visual taegi au yg lg gue baca
understandable have a nice day
Went straight from summer to winter
putting on my contacts after two weeks hope i get it on the first try
I miss my aunt
Still our fighter princess..
tbh it was no joke
[idm] mental breakdown sucks
Absolutely
he was on my mind
meron po.
i need 2 know
Sham bhaaai aaj koi follow back day hai???
Really want that too
Please a follow back for me too
I was trying to say I love you then I hit dm limit
someone sponsor me a layout
I was so stupid for letting you go
Someone please call me and tell me that be okay
I think coming down with a cold
Thanks for the invite, happy for both you. But Aa nahi paaunga
sad I got *more* into them after the concert I feel like I appreciate the experience fully
I should have gone to see the play today.
I fucked up.
alrighty then
i dont want to go to work... but this bread isnt gonna get itself
my nct 127 albums still arrived
Good morning Alysa
Good morning Alessandra
I do not know...
But I wanted to win a gift
I love you
on my wall I just realise it was In London
please mark let me live
Oh sorry btw aku beli online sbb aku dpt voucher 20% off + free shipping. Tak tahu plak slow smpai mcm ni
dont call me sensitive im too sensitive for that
i love dogs can't wait to get one of my own when i move out
Hormones cant be contained that easily
I had a dream that you were mine but the reality is we be together because just friends
I am going to lose all my mutuals to Hoseok toe but all worthy
minju-ssi education is very important~~ pls do not neglect your studies
first love never dies
hello, jisoo! thanks for noticing me.
rangers copying our fuck the sfa chant
She let me participate in the grey sweat pants challenge
I got the worse fucking cramps
sad how young girls smoke weed these days
I always go to cinema with my mom so no problem but the thing is too far away are my only hope
He is giving me happy vibes though I am literally sad
When can i actually get to see ur efforts? I miss you, sumpah
3. relationship status
single
Istg 80% of amae's post is just screenshots of my crackhead dms
Yeah but okay I told at least I get to stay within driving distance of you two!
Grabeeee. Bat ganun po?
Every piggy wants to claim my favorite corner Have a Super everyone!
still sad I go watch Burn the Stage movie first the concert now this. Well I guess I have to accept it
sorry if my greetings are too early. i need to sleep
i thought the layout looked smaller lmao maybe its just me
just wanna be with you wherever i may be but also kinda person wont bother you
kaya wag na lang
Sweetest Day is over-rated...right?
Everyone talking about Brenden getting out and how happy they are, and we all know it didn't happen
sorry, Klein. It had to be this way
Istg 80% of amae's posts is just screenshots of my crackhead dms
I wish i could audition for a company.. Too bad i own one
at the point where tired of having hoes and I just want my baby
I need it for my mom. She needs extra money to buy me some milk.
Miss my daughter
11) taking a NAP together n then watching some show or smthn afterwards 12) doing homework
& you retweet for us
this is bullying
Im sad my 2017 ass didnt bother bout wings concert back then. And didnt fought my way thru for the final wings ticket
i got dragged for free
no :-( but,, i have trust issue
I need to find that trash can for my bathroom
u know what? it's so hard to be a yoonmin stan in this world
Stuff like this gives them such a bad name even though what they stand for is good
maybe if u went to school u would know if its right
Omg I go in aldi often and I haven't seen one so I don't know if they still do
If anyone goes to the fair today, please bring me some food
Someone daughter need to take me out on a date.
Sigh. We used to have center-backs ...
why do so many people hate on you i love you crackhead hdnfjfjfkfifu ig im insensitive
Aw xoxad
Oh that really sucks! I know this game was probably your most anticipated! I fell asleep before all
Oct. 21, 2018 - D378
your Sunday, Yongie? I miss you Paramdam ka naman diyan juseyoooo. I love you
Broke my foot....in the exact same place I broke it 3 years ago, doh
i think my friend forgot we had plans today
In dire need of a long tight hug
This might be really lame, but I wish I could fall asleep by someone every night and roll over in the middle of the night to snuggle..
I miss youuu
the way grayson dragged you is how my friends treat me
I see Indiaaa will they ever notice us
hi we're matching. sope please breathe omg even our usernames both have hoseok in it IM SAD
There goes commissioner gordon
I knew what he meant but wanted to stand up for my boys haha It's so frustrating
I blocked him! Told me i shld support a Devon team been following longer than the prat
so cute
I miss jack on Japanese comebacks, actually I miss at all
This time I am coming with you to Swaziland.
uh sugar daddies that don't want nudes where yall
blocked by three of them joseph block my
I know what you feel
Getting high af after a 13 hr shift wit no breaks
terrible
Dang, Fiona
When your apology seemed like a excuse..
You're my mum on my twt family tree uwu mom sjssjjs
Last night tonight, sad to be coming home tomorrow
like T_T UR SO MEAN UR SO MEAN this is really cringy
finally finished watching seasons 1-6 for the first time... I almost wish I heartbroken In
Vernon looked very stunning in the M/V, especially his "moshi moshi" scene, huhuhu Okay then, I won't call your name
I will do notjing bro.
No one hmu with plans gonna need all week to recover
go on, stab me now bc i like something that you don't
Thank you for the support
I can't watch Marvel series, they're boring
i jus wanted to be funny
Yuta has been accepted into nakamoto entertainment but still the ceo, not a vocalist
Thick is right
Kasian.
If the way you feel about it
Good bye
Hug tight Chacha
STOP HARASSING COKE STUDIO
No bien.
Elephants. My favourite critter
gonna be a long day and a longer trip home
USA is a Allies of the biggest on the Earth
not mine but I do feed it
Just sad really..
Eh UM I thought it was IAN lmao
I'm not suprised though
BECAUSE THIS POSEIDON HAS A SISTER
Daniel is tired.. and even went to the TvN prog recording.. please let him rest till the final comeback.. i
I was crying otp with qwony he said cry baby
If true beat up my ex
i tucked it in under a towel and thats where it breathed its last breathe
hate to unfollow u but
came from France. Media against him. Stone cold no smile
I think a problem for stan twt in general, failing to see the other side of things at least deal with
I need crit scopes
Aww man that sucks
Sucks when you feel like not good enough sometimes
Idk why but I feel so behind at work today but I'm actually ahead
One day drop for me
Thanks. So heartbreaking
sleep deprived sister
I think there's a statue of limitations
I missed work on this ratchet Sunday morning so let's paint the studio
At least Vinicius Jr scored a top 90 with RM Castilla
so basically the letters are yoongi's, i see how it is
sorry i was trying to be quiet
Well I thought the dems hated Old white guys?? Now they have a old white guy as there leader??? Im confused
bold of you to assume i was serious of course not i just bought more shit
That feeling
No one notice my sadness
all this Love for him bubbling and i can't do anything
aussbusbw im actually ug*y
AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH QUERO DEIXAR FELIZ A DE POKEMON MAIS LINDA DO MUNDO TODINHO
I WANNA MF TOO.
My spirit animal 404 is not found.
Do I have to plug my phone into the pantograph to get some juice for my phone on your Pendolino's?
Ofnndjsh i missed your tweets so much
How would you even allow the principal of one dirty school in one village to flog you, a Corper?
already mourning Diddy and Cassie
so sad that me being happy makes people miserable.
dont ignore me when we got into fights sayang, u make me feel useless to put the effort
Okay...I was supposed get something done...didn't happen....not in my hands.
kevin look aight so he sent it away smh
feeling oppressed
Me my old account, I want my old back
is yeonjung feeling better now? i hope she is
Oh man
Ask her yes even the cheapest sit will do omg we never sure if they'll come back again to us
They should be in the ocean
This attraction is gotta stop but...
Wake up
Pray to Allah
Eat these Lucky Charms
Now get this bread
Your hug is missed
might be ia for a bit bc gonna be watching one piece and it has a shit load of eps I love tits
Oh
Morning class for tomorrow , i miss twt hum
she cute
why do i gotta work on doctor who night
chaand maph.krdo
idk the gays could still pollute
he is so beautiful
As I patiently wait
Who bby.
Never let you go by third eye blind makes me happy
Please
damn i wish i was pretty
i want a follow too
Hes not taking my calls
Just saw is coming to Dallas! why must I be extra preggo when all these awesome performances are taking place
The struggle when you love hot sauce but have chapped lips
did i say that
Zosan are living it up in a cozy apartment in downtown, sitting in front of the fire and drinking not chocolate.
I miss the star rating system literally watch much anymore because I tell good or bad
Multiple people have called me rude, maybe I actually am mean
maybe i should stan donghae instead
i ask to be attacked like this
Miss my Queen
Woke up for the inLondon but take out Gordon in my fantasy lineups
I miss my abang too, so much. even my abang is galakie, I still miss him.
wow again?
Making fun of queer people as a comic trope? No matter how critically acclaimed all Bollywood movies are the same
Waise wo left me leg piece hi hai.. Not clear I guess..
That long poem is one of old combo, I miss doing them
hello beautiful
don't babying me how can u do this to me
I hate how slow my WiFi is being today trying to enjoy my lazy Sunday but this WiFi is an enemy of progress
get back home cuddles
hHHH maybe they want me gone on stan twt iM IG
So seungwoo still not giving update tonight
i only have days old bread but i cant eat it without breaking my teeth
I woke up and I was still breathing
Why do u have to say those things ba? So good to the ears but it hurts so bad coz i know it be
hope that happens in real
someone talk to me im bored
sad that streak of games with a touchdown pass ended yesterday because our receivers are SO BAD at catching the ball.
I had a dream that I was at the dundies from the office and I was so pissed because I win one
Yep siya nga. I memorize Ongniel fansites better than my actual studies
iti papai meu bebezinho com soninho
I tell you. These people are living life
we were never destined to be soulmates and Pisces compatible
How do I right the wrong...?
gma naj go to shows anymore bc if she gets punched have a heart attack and die the only thing
i haven't been afraid of anything since the incident of 97
hmh i indicted you like 83848 times but you never got it is it just being the two braincells of yours or do you hate me
that was at 9pm and now 3pm pls been sleeping
better to be hurt by the truth than to be content with lies
so sad, I feel out of the loop bc I find Jake Gyllenhaal or Tom Hardy attractive
ok im changing my rant acc's to that
Woke up still hoping and wishing this wasn't real
found out a guy school liked me only bc of my ass but hey at least he gave me a fake bts photo card
wow disappointed in Swedish ARMY ugh
por favor
just reminded you
I tried so hard to avoid being sick now here we are.
Them blue ones was the real reason I open every pack
I CAN'T DEAL
Happy birthday eastside_ivo
i just get through to him. i tried and tried to apologize now i guess i gotta move on.
You make my heartbreak, You make my heartache
me toooooo
when i was able to restrict like this and never binge.. those were the days
i clown u bc apparently 92% het
so sweet
Drip too hard deserves number one smh
Ikr?? It supposed to be healed by 1-2 days but
It was a sacrifice the world had to make, to ensure the eternal livelihood of the superior species
think move accs or deactivate again
pls send them your roach army
Headache
tweeting more than usual because I have work to do and I much rather procrastinate
Ok this funny af. But I feel bad
Is it necessary to suck d*** for a living... you can just ask...
3rd Nov. Actually 2nd ko tha lekin wo CA ka exam hai isliye ek din postpone kar diya
There's only 1 guy with a kid that I actually considered dating. I don't do baby daddies. But I really liked him
A ntira Popeye so
hdjd i still cant get over how taekook literally means thailand in korean btw omg yes sotus and 2moons,,,
Ghussa nai hai emotions hain
I'm sad
wow how can you be so freakin pretty when u tweet dumb stuff for a living soft ig
HE CHANGED HIS SAMSUNG RIP WE WILL ALWAYS REMEMBER
I'm just gonna update and go again.
Hindi niya ako mahal
so heartbreaking to witness my parents reminisce coz sad
Tan inmaduro vas a ser?
I want one
Oh dear. What a shame.
ay true traffic today's kinda homophobic too
Not that i complaining tho but
I feel you fam
don't want to end our talk but i'm so sleepyyyyy
so sad so sad this song is so good elbow queen
Don't worry about the world coming to an end today. It is already tomorrow in Australia. C. M. Schulz
If
see u again soon UST Law.. promise pagbalik ko.. I'm already physically and mentally fit kakamiss.. 1 month
can u guys follow me?
ive been using vegas for 3 years now
i-
Basically been up since 4 now I gotta drag my ass to work both jobs today
Im so sad rn. All these yrs of loving her meant nothing to her
Go away
Akere you see the couple. Khona bazogeza. Im going alone.
me, a completely ok and not broken hearted binch:
in the end im gonna be alright
but it might take a
why you so cute for
Ugh I miss crackhead Yugyeom era
Finally cancelled my MoviePass subscription and I'm low-key sad about it
Pls ever try to remind me
the third one from?
been opened to
Oh well this bird jus gonna have to understand.....welp
disappointed, Janice
So right anyone interested in becoming my friend? lonely
ur bofh dumb bitches
Ugggh! For real??!
But it's time to face the truth,I will never be with you.
he is
Practicing for Concert and Comeback
Yes.. That will be the case if he can't attend due to his busy
I just untick your birthday from my calendar
the 4 other people that stan exoloona
dino...? chan?
followed yaaa feeds kamu lucu bgt btw
same
Bhakkkkkk
was my intention not clear enough
yeah.... that's why every september to november i would just randomly say 'i miss paul walker' because god the reminder
i fuckimg hate people
*composes something* Ok na--- ay ayaw nalang... *changes the content* kani na. Ayyyyy *deletes the tweet* Ayaw nalang oy, issue na pud ni.
Just realized something... I should have 2 championship rings right now... crazy. Still haunts me to this day
Makes 2 of us ...
I just wanna see Yerry Mina eat someone alive
Woke up with a migraine
i found a couple good things on there but they were pre-Vengeful i hope someone pulls through soon
a
Kaya om-om pedo.
suddenly i miss him
eu presto
yixing deserve this
I wish Damian has restaurant etiquette
I don't care if ppl hate us but just respect the boys. They don't deserve all these hates.
First full game of 11aside football in over 3 years maybe and I pull my hamstring scoring
not to be straight but if josh asks me i would eat his left elbow
pq eu ainda falo com ele
A little tb to Mexico . Just because I miss is so much
I feel so ugh without my nails done wait to be able to get them done again
don't want to
13. for men cocky confident guys with broad shoulders for girls anything tbh anything about them is hot
I am been sagging from Before Christ because my weight has always been up and down. There is room in the club for one more.
i want to keep him in my pocket
Nana I miss you I wish heaven had cellphones so I can talk to you
Going to miss you Kate next year when softball starts you Kate~
yeah were under watch by the fbi so i aint too sure about what you said
cheolsoogyu
you are
only 2 fluently
Doubt bro
Ppl with scoliosis be like
/S\
/ \
anyone buying tickets?
i need help
My bet365 balance has been decimated this weekend
Whole time, iLook and iJust flat out texted the wrong person
oh bary log
my mcm sleeps with his socks on
My trust in people is literally fcked and gonna wind me up alone til I get that shit together
im so sorry please believe that i empathise with you so much. just know that they are wrong & you
Young man, you are beyond redemption.
attic is gonna beat my ass again
i'll let this slide since ur riq but cats r the cutest pls give it love
Switched of at 78 to watch nfl.
Like said this my year chief
tara ohhh pleaseee miss you all
Why did I agree to work a double today
Lee Minhyuk where are u so u can sweep me off my feet
sorry but sometimes I have much work and I can spend more time here but trying
but i still want you
things happen
Oh no a shame always had such good experiences with Benefit - I think one of my favourites!
But i thought you were vegetarian
yeah, why did u stop
is in my city and I kan't see him
Boss Just remember the name We go geh
tell that to the other three wheein stans
I miss Chicago so much
I need yoonkook,,, gonna make the fan arts for me
After a trip to IKEA this weekend Ava Mae is now in her 'big girl bed'. Why do they grow up so fast?!
You are my sunshine I'm sorry, you're not my sunshine
I chose the wrong person that I even know if even a person with how he hurt me.
Wish I could sleep in
Missing my kaisooist era rlly going thru it rn my dudes
it's been three weeks, love. it's been three weeks since we met and i miss you so much all i ever want is for
159 over 160 with the right shoes
i hope joy's doing okay i mean at least it's a pulled muscle and not a torn ligament nor a fracture whew i got really scared
A love like that is so rare nowadays
it's really the worst time to be sad because tommorow's bUT THAT'S NOT THE
His little fluffy cheeks I wanna squish it so much
i love you so much omg we are so so proud please rest well tonight
Don't worry about the world coming to an end today. It is already tomorrow in Australia. C. M. Schulz
If
i'm so sorry for your loss if you need someone to talk to, my dms are open alright?? please stay
You left already without us seeing?
hug ur anemic friends bc always cold
i told her to leave and never come back yet here i am missing her
I had the worst nightmare last night and I get it out of my head
wish you were at our store in LaMer instead
An expensive set of Headphones to keep him entertained whenever you are ranting
Because Rodions and Dudley are good defenders
out here spending money like i got it
dm me if you want to be insta and snap mutuals
which oomf wants to go see venom with me
I swear Stephen Miller DJT etc studied the twilight zone episode
i tend to cry everytime i see my photo the struggle is real when living in other countries.. far from home..
uhhhhhhh I miss my girlfriend
God I wish that were me
That Leopards' goal was coming shem. Our defence
covering my face i look ridiculous in these but WANNABE
c*rdi stans good with math
Hhhhh, pasrah saja.
the new prompt id meh djdksk im embarrassed
one tree hill on netflix
minju and jie really just left the question hanging like that and left...... anyway, if anyone needs me, i'll
Finally up making breakfast for me in my son
Always smh
okay Chloe she loves us she just loves the Acca more
that funny sorry
this is so sad
So sad
Very sad indeed remembering how many Kenyans lost jobs for an individual to benefit..
Es triste
I need Stav to come home.
bartender altair... my two favorite things in the world
If I were Jisoo Jenni & Lisa, disappoited in
mau main ini kayak orang2
flop? yha suda
Truth
ugh why is this me when trying to do everything but study
Gah damn I want another bacon platter
some of us HAVE gfs
im so happy 4 him
You guuuuys look goood I wish I been there I miss you all so much
know about that Tarzan stuff. Really sad
I have been sick the past three days, so I won't be in to watch Palace today. Tried to get
we're sorry that you feel this way about something that is an extra for our customers we'll pass on
We really need improve our health services....
God, I always need You
get this bread because i stop throwing up
ta
They ready to win a championship bro let alone the western conference
my daughter loves you too
Plz
i thoufht you always loved me
yeth but mainly towards me
when that doggy we visited smelt my armpit
i would tag her but
enlo im sorry for being inactive
Sorry I know his gender cause not up to date my bad
we love suffer
Lord, pls heal my baby sister.
anyways still a new account, I want more fwiends so rt if you wanna be mutuals armys get it
hana this is too harsh because i love both taeyong and kaneki
so not ready for these next two days
Sometimes 2 days of weekend aren't enough to regain the headspace needed for another week of work
Nicki is not wear glasses
I just realized that since I bought that loona album ima need to wait till Christmas for ateez and shinee
welcome to the old side
i cant too risky
i felt this
Di diay tomboy si Lori? Sayang.
Solinas o tella leopards ka this weak square
Wow how beautifully sad
Just got home from the vet emergency gonna monitor him every 2 hours tonight...
no man, you have to like every single thing your idol or their company does bc otherwise you're fake
i know the love of my life loves toxic as much as i do, now i just have to find them
Sometimes I just wanna cry
someone who wants me out of this fandom i guess
what did i do to deserve you
Go stink up livs mentions
Miss u Why you talk to me?
you forgot my birthday, Pinks.
got flu and fever but my body is absolutely ready for a teaser
Identify my bad
those are some cute hoodies huh....
every time it changes, my heart breaks a little.
yes some things never change HAHAHAHAHA WHEN WILL I SEE YOOUUUUUUU GUYSSS
School+work really fuckin me up rn
meu amorzinho
Just in the morning because now I am thinking about Selma health the rest of the day.
sorry if I offended you, I didn't mean anything by it! All the best
I can do crimes... but not the gay part...
Inka time ledu Just 11days vundi 23rd release cheSeyandi trailer
I'll be away again soon . Era deretso deretso na
Lower left side of my head, hurts! Since friday pa.
I was just having an emo moment with this song so much that it led me to posting a cover
she's just jumping to conclusions ignore it you wonderful fountain of positivity
I need to have that type of faith
If only people knew how kurang ajar you really are this is a thread-
but fanartists always stop at the 1st 2 n change everything else
the definition of a cutie...
tho rei couldve just put "yuli" and it would still be correct
I just have to pass my math finals tomorrow then Im out of school I cant wait to binge watch all BTS contents that I missed
honestly Ariola has lowkey the best videography
it means that this thread is cursed
Mann in my feelings lowkey!
When you realise nobody loves you
33. i have a lucky number
someone talk to me abt kun I'm really missing him rn
he is actually so cute and hot I'm upset
I always pray to god to ease my problems and why I still have boyfriend
Instead of cheering her up, I ended disappointing her
Very disappointed. Wanting to purchase the from but not coming up in online search
believe i actually have to go outside today
Another day another family member asks if I'm gay
Okay but yeah maybe the first scene is sanji coming home from work and is greeted with that from zoro
Please read Pastor Dave's previous tweet before replying to this one.
03-04 Pistons,
getting my ass kicked in this sssm guess we staying gold this week babes
ph armys oomfs,,,how do i reserve burn the stage tix without a credit card
SM wont see it by that factor alone sadly
Imy Malie IMYSM Over a year now, but I am still hurting
Need a moodboster since .a.very.confusing.way Me too wle:p
girl hard headed I was sooo disappointed. Likeee they KNOW they wrong for that. It
Lol my apologies
finals in three days and i still haven't studied any shit
I know right?
In the later stages myself. Wondering the same thing.
So Kiss Chutiya was the one to start the Great Billboard Hunt?
She has that point aku kena sabar lah kot tunggu dia I miss that person a lot
still waiting for someone to somehow insert break free birit
Next thing we know math will be made political and 1 + 1 will equal 5.
Uy triste noticia DEP
Really wish was open on Sundays
Family are around
WALL-E
on the same label
lIke this sO finish it
It really is
Aww thank you babe but unfortunately I need to be in bed early for an opening shift tomorrow
I
I get one today was at CB so took it seriously (seriously for me anyway)
ok now i understand, you mean the overlays they did to her voice right
sigh
Why so much young people dying
yg pulled another blackpink on him
///:yhoo ay I don't know anymore.
dong sicheng how does it feel like to know that the best man in the fucking world because everyone is doing SHIT for you
My dumbass thought it meant being nosy. Based on the comments, clearly wrong.
Accounting kids could never hit you with that 'adopted from XXX'
her.
Ohhh i think he would fit with thor or captain america
I think my iPad just died
LIKE I THOUGHT YOU WERE YOUNGER IDK MAN
PACARAN TERUSSSSS
hi. requesting people to STOP RTING NSFW stuff onto my timeline......... PLEASE. please stop. making me uncomfy
And all it matters
this isn't the first time there been a catfish on anitwt like why tf do y'all wanna be a weeb acc
I wish I could boycott them but current location makes that very hard will always look
please
If is doing it, then I guess we have no excuses safe for that g
AWWWW THATS SO FUCKING CU- worst!!!! He even made eye contact with you felt bad for him
I WISH I could try or and on my
yoooouuu are the only exception
his dangly earring is the best
Just cut the whole phone off
really craving a hug from Zach rn
Still finding myself
actually a 35 year old cishet white dude who likes anime tiddies
on the 14.31 from York to King's X, in coach C, and seems the air con is broken so v stuffy/hot.
so disgusting. I live among many of them. infuriating. They are so brain washed though.
ian's whipped
losing my sleep, please comeback now
Shaheed General Raziq Afg
really need a good cry
shan heartbroken
25. DONGHYUCK mark n yukhei
26. only jls n shawn mendes
this so cute
I spent more time thinking on this than i should have... there is no one
T minus 33 days .... I need it badly
I have another week left at work and I'm already feeling emotional
so sick I even taste my food
Zayn wouldn't accept this Liam
disappointed but not surprised
I wish I could buy a friend
Tbh i really gave up on this program diet, I want a noodles right nooooowww but my doctor said i couldn't
i should open commissions like right after i finish these last ones i never know what to offer tho
bro
Yabo lentombazane o kuthiwa Iman Mkhwanazi u gcwele ububhanxa uphoxa o Ndonga good thing she didn't become Miss SA yooh.
what a morning
he really is
but its the truth
The sad moment you realize you're wasting your time trying to get the attention of people who don't care
"Taylor, Meredith and Olivia Swift"
Yhan galion me Dragon ghumty hn
.... it was cold ok
I'm sick and in bed all day, help me with some distraction please
inalillah tash my condolences to u and ur family
Severely
in love with him
good i wanted that anyways
Di pa ako tapos sa scrapbook
used to use ironically,,,,, now become too much
This is so annoying and so true
Cousin wrong w/my baby?
You're such a home wrecker
Why do I still wait for your text message or chat when I know there will really be none? I guess I love hurting myself that much.
When did I get angry
Ask any trans woman - cishet women really do a lot to make our lives hell. To invalidate us It hurts so much
so rude
Nooooo I legit feel like going but I have other event on that day
'Twas fun indeed. Though I couldn't help but be sad too. Missed some lovely people during this trip.
when u wanna see bae but you dont wanna infect her
miss them
i had a layout of my face for two weeks and i went from 750 to 720 people don't like me
im sorry you had to witness this julee sksk
Hard to remember but true
i feel you tweet the same thing everyday
This is still my best au
Nadumtan ko gd to ang music box ngaa out of stock dayun?
twitter can smd i want dramaticherron back
mr. venom been an honor
Aaah amiga melhoras
I-I thought u were a heterosexual
everyone can make you smile, but not everyone can make you happy
Yeah hits arm then hand, hes a fool. Then its a soft trip for next pen. Trips a trip.
= fake news
and we appreciate u
I'm so ready to be healthy again
Can I rest na for a long time
so cold outside I want go out there
Literally this is what I need really i deserve it .. i luv u sweetie
do you
i dont want anything.. i just want you hoseokie
He Wasn't Attractive (To Me) & Those Weren't The Kind Of Kids I Wanted To See Either.
Dealing with the dark side of life
And u cah gimme a dollar......jus makin it worse
i was trying to summon you.
Alex
Ok on it and i better prepare myself too
y'all dont get my point & y'all broke SO COME AT ME
hiks, sedih euy
This deserved to go off
Jade, you'll alway be remembered
Unless we wanna hurt them emotionally and have one of their kids get lost or something.
Maybe I trusted your words so much that they are slowly killing me now.
Yes
leave me questions or your foot will fall off in your sleep tonight
- hoop earrings are heavy when it's hot
this is not romantic
Happy birthday to me! You're always in our prayers abang, miss you
Ain
the pleasure is mine
my life is over my dreams are worser i must all well just give
I miss my friends. But also very grateful for having new ones:
wake up early enough for to swap out Melvin Gordon... damn these London games
I was thinking about my sister all last night
ku ingin bisa ngomong jerman cas cus cus tanpa mikir
I can't measure up to some of the other dicks there anyway
The mall start till 11 and they Schedule me at 9 and so tired asf
If this happen take my clown mask and go
i have an idea, let's all throw out our monbebe cards bc nobody deserves them anyways let's throw them
you were my everything thoughts of a wedding ring now just better off dead
Maths gcse is fucking hard work
Most of the people don't mind the importance of their members in what abilities they had, so sad
I miss my bb
Melhor e mais triste
My day off and I got all homework
Sorry
knew his head was too big for this to be real
so sad . I want to have that with a girl...
Me happened.
Hahahah Imissyou yow
don't be homeless get a house live in it
My eyesight is deteriorating
yo chinnee its so well colored!! its really well done
That gonna stop me demanding for a proper selca tho
*More likely to be jerks, entirely wrong though.
well u lucky you get to wake up next to ur man
Like one shot is them Christmas shopping but at the end they lose a kid
sick that I have to bench Golladay cause i have Aj Green, Adam Thielen, and Alshon
Will they be alive tomorrow sorry if that question I asked last scared you a bit like a
this birthday in an hour
me missing him
'let's find the spark days!'
...
got me miss him more
(but i won't let him know, never!)
might fuck around and love minho forever
bAYBEH congratumalations im so happy for you !!! goodluck and i'll be here all the way
but now you're gone
Seems I'll not meet this time but maybe next time mikka nandri for trying
This kind of pain i dont wanna feel again Enough.
Chicago, te echo de menos
This is fucking awful.
on that list but the problem is another list that exist no one really wants to think about this
so much, stay safe
why so early?
But you ugly
the dedicated person to translate this daily hijabi 4koma for me
calvary all these songs hearing are so heartless trust a perfect person and trust a song flawless
stays and armys belong together
i didnt drop him still somewhere in my heart besides talking abt croissants are fun
Mhm, she is taking a holiday
being realistic
Oh my. so sorry to hear that. Mag himo nalang gyud ug draft sunod.
Where is admin?
Error 404 not found
humana jud tawn ang concept map
We will miss you Lolo
Meu shipp se tornou real te amo Hyuna e Hyojong
I wish you were here so I can tell you everything about this trip.
Babies sneezing is my fav sound
I feel like there's not a lot that can make me happy about worlds quarters except maybe if Vincent streams tonight
quote reply!
timestamps, she?
too lazy to make profiles
FR i know
pls, dont let this flop
we were haters
*More likely to be jerks. not entirely wrong though.
Maybe i dotn want dinashley to happen after all
my last tweet is a joke dont hate me
Now camel toe
tired of feeling like not good enough for anyone to stay around
aku juga
I miss you like crazy
was too into the song i forgot to add him i just hope he getting some too
im backing out
The way she comes out
Who thought this was a good idea to record?
argghh fock u helix jump
Hello Anna, the subtitles were messed up and I don't understand tamil at all
My heart if you let them live glsjfkfjd
Why u photo lonely.
Nsihsuabaiabjaha okay fine not wanted
In this world all we need is to accept the fact that not all will stay
close enough
Sorry to hear Sending prayers and hugs your way!
Me but with Seventeen and Loona Lately I keep up with their music releases but where it stops
me too
I deal with shit like this easy , I just wanna lock myself away
no you'll miss me anyway
I have
Well today is gonna be a super fun day at work
rgjrgei supposed to be momo
And back to clutch review...Good luck to me sana makapasa sa UPCAT huhu
anyone who's a student from ust, please buy the aquarius one for me.
Hays
really want to see me and together.
True the only thing keeping twitter alive this day
used to it
me as I watch my friends eat pizza knowing I eat carbs anymore. We not gettin this bread
btw my cards suck since i deleted the apps and lost all of them so thats fun and fresh !
It has been such a rough week.
Homesickness, work-related stress, failing in my studies, bad news from home and I miss my friends.
GIRL MAY GF NA KO DI NA PWEDE
I will miss this show
well... i was provoked by oomf
Come on gma
But still! I just feel bad for getting mad at you, whether I remember what happened or not.
Ugh, I don't want to get up for grocery shopping
That one was about work
would always choose u without even asking
he really did that
no worse feeling than feeling not good enough
Oh no I hope it was a misinterpretation but still
thank u yilly i appreciate it alot
Hope nose gets booped every day
you were never meant for the cishet life, dude pare bro
uncle's last post on Facebook before he died
we all need to appreciate n love his nose
for the record i have never said this about queen iu
Flow has been putting my ass to sleep early and waking me up early with cramps fml
im craving a dramatic beef or something
Sir today I had my exam you didn't wish me Tomorrow again I have my exam so can I get a best of luck ?
i know the whole thing
i used to
but now i only drink filtered/bottled
bold of you to assume they follow him to china
3 hrs with out mike
bye im hyper again i need to sTOP
Nuyyy wala na
in love with the one in stray kids hoodie
I miss my pawpaw sooo much. Can I just go back to 3 years ago and have you back please.
Yesssss all my good players are on bye and i have all the same players on 3 teams
My heart is so full
Mag hilaka gyud kog taman taman by the end of the week ba
one or two pulled through i guess i won in some way
are you male or a female a catfish
More times than anyone will ever know
what's new
Hmm mmg mood buat assignment ni dtg time last minute jew
all my oomfs are asking me.. "how did you do that" but not "how are you feeling"
Sleeping with mum tonight cause gonna miss her alot
i have a reminder on my phone to check your acc at least once a day for renmin au updates try checking once
Rest In Peace.
pls come home my little witch
Yes sir
Them say na the coping mechanism for Nigerians. We use comedy to distract ourselves from our painful reality
tudo pra mim sabe
I knew you couldn't be serious when you said he said "soda"
in my blood
I shouldve known
thats what you get for reading so many fics zafira
"you guys are just the best fans in the world"
this is why i hate myself
still thinking about this
You find out you are prettier than the girl he left you for and that gladdens your heart until you remember he is sapiosexual.
Rubbish day at work paired with being a bit hungover has just made for an overall crap mood off home to make a
Last day of Libra season
so sorry Jenny, all the best vibes to you and your family
MY PROJECT IS LIKE 30% FINISHED JFJCJJDJ I AM ALREADY TIRED n SLEEPY
tell her id do anything i need her
They've seen a lot of garbage bags, it must be exhausting
My heart hurts so much rn
this is what quirkloss gets for not accepting me as a mutual
Literally tho I can't even remember the last time she wore red
have you seen that Red Lane is on fire?
what happened with tyler i was not paying attention
i always go back to this user no matter what,, i love u cass
a tragedy. namjinists can never win
I believe in astrology but does astrology... believe in me
Update: her page was deleted.
No
my puppy literally screams when i put her in her cage
ur mum allow it ? I wanna one but my mum would kick me out of the house
i can see for miles wo w i've missed being out here
Nothing has come to fill the void istaria left me and thats a crime
You just did.
My lawyer be reminding me about shit
I was just asking mother nature why was it so hot in October and now its 46 degrees take me back
Losing your favorite pair of jeans is probably to worst feeling ever
renjun why did you agree where are the flowers? the ugly singing voices? the clique wind blowing through your
They seem to be playing more of a defensive game
Ahh good! Yeah hopefully soon all start getting better I know, not even worth thinking about
we could be mutuals
are you trying to win me back by offering a kiss
cmon cry again
I am so sad I couldn't see it
Just wishful thinking
I'm trying to find pictures of him in that second outfit and I just read that he has already changed into a third one
sorry
brain aids
hehe or asa biklul bhi nhi hai
DJSJKSKSK RAVE WHAT ARE THESE INSTRUCTIONS DJSKKSK
also im a scaredy cat, i srsly cant sleep with all the lights off
Disgusting that people would shoot such beautiful creatures
mas importante pa kesa sakin, eh.
wow emo hour has come so early tonight
I really do need someone to be by my side today.
i mean might as well with my fiery red hair
ugh we need season 4
Lets get this pancake
My mom got the xs max n i dnt terrible parent
finally got rid of my meme bio
If we text them first, they ignore us and then Dil toots
i wish i can read English as good as reading Japanese
Do you know a half litre Coke bottle costs 250 rs here like I haven't had Coke since I got here. I hope u feel better now
or the plushie winwin yuta took from me
i know that we have orange concept for this selca day guess im canceling mine
Hmm try panren
a fucking idiot
Hate this layp
I just stalked myself on Instagram and I encountered endless fun pictures of my pets
hi im gonna be ia tmr bc uk, school and then cca till 5 ha love that yeahh dont kick me in gcs
Still miss her. Will always do
good morning
max is projecting
Sunday night
Fanfics lives matter
spooky jpg.346 smol tae
Sad news this morning as former owner passed away
i really hope I meet Daniel tommorow
I know how to do this get to know someone shit over text and I think why I mess shit up.
feels. all of my tweets are typos
SEVENTEEN BTS
Let's care of yourself
I'm really worried for you
I'm so tired, because
get that bag then
And I hope you'll be okay Ma'am Time will heal all wounds but won't forget all the things he did. Laban lang sa life maam!
He is one of the biggest babies ever seen, but people often think too distant and arrogant
Why must I have such vivid dreams?
I knowwww why so serious
if i had to become a normal ass cop for like 3-5 years to become a badass detective would you guys still be my friend
Oh no well it looks like going to be asking for another painkiller when I manage to get another doctors appointment! x
oh so now you have to be a jikooker to put gcf, work only, in your username my bad
Not on a Sunday
Send more
Look at my Baby
I miss him so much
just me bitch
its so pwetty....... but i haven't had time so
it's one of my least favorite mx songs,, sorry class
Wish i could... But one day I'll definitely
Aynen oluyor
Im Just Concerned !!!!
She has no one to be her strength
I want to get food but I want to deal with the wind
omg i want this top so bad but i have to my name
Not enough for some, unfortunately
Going thru all this shit making look clueless
Weeks passed. But im still missi'n you. i miss you.
Sometimes I just have to stop and think, and remind myself better days are ahead
shut up going through it
3) very single
4) none bc im a boring bitch
You are on the right place.
tudinho pra mim
i just realized.... harry with anne on her birthday
Jesus Christ really be up there like
/
being either a normie or a freak.... though choice
Sus ticket lang ba? HAHAHAAHAHA Jok lampera fam
Lost The Ones That Was Closet To Me & That Just Made Me Numb
Free Roe
Rest In Peace Coach
too bad
None of you cared enough.
West indies getting a serious beating here
yep and now we're being greedy
Sorry bro
I see my worth anymore
Sorry bro
I'm so bored
He's not called the main dancer for nothing
Why does my PMS have to be migraine.
My child ILY
i feel like shit somebody fall in love with me
oh my god i didn't know it went to facebook and there were articles about it what the fuck did we do
please don't do that again you have to take care of yourself.
i want no smoke w ueanas my feelings would get hurt too quick
Nctwinwi tapi kan charanya Winwin.
SEVENTEEN BTS
Let's take care of yourself!
I'm really worried , because I miss you.
Haba pa naman ng weekend next nextweek tas fully book na lahat
mayhaps leave some questions while i continue stu(dying)
The song that represents how most of us fans feel this morning
Having one of those days
bitch so cute take my heart already
on the realest note ever when is gonna drop new music
4. ears
omg the emoji ily
IM TIRED OF UR LEGS UFGHDH what a beautiful man
I don't trust my sister because she doesn't like Blind by PLT
You literally left the tl in shambles yesterday
Jk I went and got a breakfast burrito from DAMN IT
i got school tomorrow really feel like. skipping
next time i see max she prolly gon be taller than me,, hold up she alrdy is
pls i hate jimin he really wont give me shit
sorry, straightie. we all gay.
Finally back on my 7 am schedule except someone called in sick today... so my shift is OT now almost back to normal
mine was better
Love you
Reset Henry so that we can get the old him back
the only man i trust on anitwt is alex sorry but i know for sure my mans a catfish
come to turkey Bangtan
i'm so sorry, my head has been flying off to adult stuff. i'm alright! it's only 10!
I love you and I miss you but pls get some rest
I need a hug from u Lord.
that's kinda late but i guess though it doesn't really matter who films first like exo can film
First time ever missed the yearly festivities of Garba I wanna go home to Jax
Man of love in city of love
M working so hard on my codependency issues and sometimes I feel like my cat isn't even trying
I maybe coward to talk/dm to a girl because I think I will always rejected but I want to talk to you (even I'm
Kim namjoon, the love of my life
dont know if i said that right but i tried
Being with people makes me so sad sometimes..
I think I'm not made for this planet..
Wow u only talk to me because I have ogs
A valid point was just made but still only 13%
sayang waray pic an edinewstein han acquaintance
first song i liked by them but no
Lol major mood like I'm happy for everyone going but it's bittersweet cos I wanna go too
so cute i wanna
We love ya a lil too
Can't stop missing you
Rough news to wake up to this morning
EN COK DA SENI OZLEMISIM SELENAY
Love you
Love you
Love you
yugyeom
I loose my shit
i tried
a work of art going to see art
When will you say "Obrigado, Lisboa"??
Bro the way you said that anyone will think that u are just showing off
Okay
tanki tanki is stuck in my head and only heard the song once since the day it was released
happy for my friend JC COX USA and sad for Ceban NICOLAI Moldova
Day 2, 1/4 Final wrestling
What are you so fine for
i'm not asking much but can hoseok post a selca today? just a selca please i really need it /today/
wait prev anon! forgot to say this but your user is so clever honoring rapper donghyuck in we go up and regular
you missed out on a chance to caption it Louvre Yourself smh
I LOVE YOU MY BEST MAN
This aint it chief
No new to me but i believe this was taken in port hope during the It filming
It literally feels like everything is falling apart
You're really that perfect huh
Iyasih
Dam we be counted out like hell now we just want love as well
You look so good, I'm in love
Namjoon, you're really wise, I love you so much , I hope one day I coul meet you ^^
guess making a comeback soon? me who. fuck tw*tter lives but I promise this will be the last time
Time passed and the thought of I think I can handle it all so well has gone.
I cannot fake things anymore.
if stress burned calories, i'd be a supermodel....
whole boyfriend
christian twitter come get her
oomfs who wen tto ly concert do u guess know wherrn jungkook usually goes to oftenvv ??
If I had my tea tree oil these breakouts would have been gone like my face is going through it and I start work tomorrow .
The papers were crumpled from reading them so much
I have hope though.
gonna get absolutely hammered today I reckon.
he blocked me so i cant find any tweets to reply with
Terry, Lampard and Joe Cole were in Chelsea before he came in. You don't even know what you talking abt
Oh. Um. I can't decide if this will be amusing or sad, based on his situation.
I said what I said he's so fucking beautiful
oomfs who wen tto ly concert do u guyss know wherrn jungkook usually goes to oftenvv ??
I sometimes get a very long silence as a reply so I keep wondering what should I text next
maybe you are right
Tuck me in dong, Mama?
Meanwhile in America trans out of jurisdictional existence
it's a lot
hay please send help
his snaggletooth.. i miss her
jimin, come on buddy
Junta te ao clube
Loool cc is fully trash. So glad I deleted it LOOOOL Amran, imma slap youz.
Come back to Europe fast. We already miss you.
Oh thanks uwu lyssa is a pwetty name uwu I'm sad too but yeah it was getting inactive
Someone stop me from reading this in aoyama's voice
put that out into the universe
i dont know
waking up to an empty house sucks
i go to coaching for 7hrs on Sunday
I hate how I always ruin shit when so angry
No pude volver
sobbing I love them so much, I love a right hand man
I have the same one in burgundy but a) i look like a chorizo b) my mom chased me with the chancla when i tried to wear it
siga todos que tweet rt e fav esse tweet
Ihh gitu
Malibu Nights is coming straight to my Bones
Sorry
it really do b like that sometimes
telling me not stupid are these rumours why i have clout?
really missing my mom today
What happen bby
Break Free in my ass
The reason why I'm still happy kahit walang jowa hahaha. Missin' my baby boo
What if my partner is already married?
Very sad new to wake up to today
I love you
Back to reality
promising young Almost 4 years later with the club
shes still waiting for vol 3
at least your out from that hell whole queen
Can it be November 2019 I want to see Jensen
without you i feel torn, like a sail in a storm... without you. im just the sad song
are johnny and i from the same factory
so not only have i injured my shoulder but i also trapped my fingers inbetween some weights this week has not been my week at all
obama care about he said he care about
HOW IS HE SO TALL BUT SO at the same time
i'm a nieldeepist... but hwangdeep always has me feeling some type of way
Hate myself and my messed up brain
Why can't you JUST focus
i have urs on
ATTENTION ALL PLAYERS SKULL TROOPER NEEDS YOUR HELP HE'S IN TILTED TOWERS AND
sleepy and hungry at the same time
remember when sope used to do vlives together? sometimes in matching outfits?
it seems like suicide is becoming very common if you see someone struggling with depression or anything like
The people I care about most are also the ones who care at all about me...
I was right
I just feel like they took from my family man... im so hurt.
I'm going for sure
Time flies
same wtf sia
BABY OH MYS OSOD LOOSK AT HIM!!
Me too
mucho porfa
I really want to go to horror night
Can people stop asking about me sigh
Jimin really is doing the work for shaking hand at every performance cause nobody else will
really out there being the most beautiful man on earth
By the time cling to me smile and kiss him pls soft af for him
Never had that yet
I have nightmares about that. why I play BO4 more now
how can someone put you in such a dark place?
I'm so tempted to change my icon to one of these but I just changed my icon yesterday
Why yixing why do you
so did joon and tae go to the louvre together
I am the only one who knows my pain
im sorry, im really sorry
Bron really signed up to play with this shyt.
actually I need any Hyunho au , I already read all of them. If you write/wrote a Hyunho au, hit me up
It's 2018 and people still don't know I'm Nana.
I choose
Monalisa is sooo good, i want to put it in my playlist buuttttt ... the meaning of that song is
She like me
No messages from him
No, I hope bernard can do anything today
been two weeks since seen the boys and my friends in Citifield and now sad
He went to Louvre. I'd loved to go there to one day
Everyone wants to be gay to be cool now
ur love for yoongi makes me heart sore i-is that a good thing?
will be ia for three days it's exam week wig going study
Nighty
damn jin, really out here looking like the cutest sugar plum
You ever just sit and think about how you wanna give Joon an extra phat ass kith just bc him? Bc same.
One Last Time.
He felt it coming
La tanto
I Want Food
I wish I could have
Sorry man please forgive
suffis pas
Ranting on twitter isn't fun anymore
this is me rn the pink is out my hair
been in the mood for really Anything lately
I will never understand why he dresses like a middle aged dad and still looks like a living god
Everytime I feel like making progress, life pushes me back 10 steps
Man Refuses To Sit Next Elderly Black Woman On Ryanair Flight To London -
that song is good if it on mono be sad
If 'love' and 'hate' hold the same
Some of us just can't help ourselves
You're living a very healthy life, when will i ever.
I wishhhhh but I gotta work
Right now, my heart is beating the same
Out loud, someone's calling my name
And it sounds like you
I can't bare to lose someone again. Lola lagring, please dont leave us yet. Pretty please? Di pa namo kaya
please he is so cute
So bts are about to be two tours back to back ??? Whew I feel like be going on a longggg break after all of this is over
has wayyyyy too many things. I promised I be third type of parent.
I missed my work friends
Great movie but both main characters snitched
Denniseee!! I'm here and I miss you too my life's messy these days and I'm missing out so much! Ilysm
we could have seen him
Please don't overlook our efforts
amor
my bigoted and racist followers to me
NO. i hate it. i gotta wait til tomorrow, i guess.
yeah and its really sad, and i dont want to compare sa ibang fandom but reality hurts, nagpapaligsahan kasi
damn ma not too soon for today this is it enough
Please do appreciate all my
efforts before lost
has wayyyyy too many things. I promised I be this type of parent.
Trying to face the fact that i'll never get to meet
n o
it's the truth when will people open their eyes
HSSJHSSJB if jun dont shake his ass infront of me at least grind it
i cant stop repeating this
does anyone have a front version of this?
fine with the cover just disappointed that not a hard cover
This is so beautiful SHSJ I WISH HE DID BUT HE DEAD
namjoon really deleted the first post because of the emoji and tweeted a happier one wow perhaps i love him with all my heart
shut your mouth
Always believe in the process. Even if it's a tough one.
Izzat h?
Just asking beiru
This is what u get for calling luke lanky
Why would it be me
i feel at ease knowing my boys are about to have their well-deserved rest, i hope no one gets sick anymore
i can sadly relate to much to this
Not particularly. Their record in primetime is awful, the defense is beat up and KC is the best team in the AFC.
And am expecting someone over...
whores
I'm working so hard on my codependency issues and sometimes I feel like my cat isn't even trying
Someday I will find my own happiness
Some of us just can't help ourselves, can't get past the error
This me omg
this is the real me guys
I don't even watch TV but I remember this huge neek that you speak of he is a diiiiick head
btschartdata-nim really out here doing the most
i missed byungsun and kiho on ig live
ask me anything please! I'm so boring rn
Moi no ma fault
who wants to follow me on instagram post something later and i want likes
The greatest fail in the history of xen fails......... happy birtday jaehyun
I wish I could rn
I love you and miss you more full of tests but be back when gonna be less busy
Pls the finest man jus walked into church but he got a girl w him
I am gonna go get some fast food after who knows how long i know my body is gonna hate me afterwards but i am craving it so muuuch
Yes!
I'll STOP EXPECTING ANYTHING FROM ANYONE NA! FROM NOW ON!
i need to hear the voice of a legend
Imissyou lolooove
Although Mother Nature let me be great...
this really how built
same to you my guy gonna miss you like crazy but the future holds great things for you!
Ok cutie
feels like i envy people who can be happy like really happy so i really felt that wish i can be close to
Yeh on my third now this season
26. 2013 Girls' Generation World Tour: Girls & Peace.
YEEEES. I'm a hardcore sone back then.
.
.
.
ouch
Yeah
queria ir p Disney no Halloween
I just hope all of this is truly worth it in 4 years
ouch indeed
.. I Miss You So So So Much!
ended all models' careers
what happened w jennie
maybe i will
I had to work both jobs both days it was pumpkin craving time
it's the smallest victories that count
Man does it suck having Arsenal play on a Monday. Still more than 24 hours to go
prob bc i sleep on her too much oof thank you
To my supportive Ikaw naman isu-support ko! Godbless! See u after 2 days!
FJSJDJD TYY ,, soft hours
If you dont mind me shitposting in polish then lets keep the mutual
ah ria
Hi Beat. Hope ok. Feeling a bit low today.
Namjoon stop being so cute challenge: failed
It's that time of year again wait! Will be so odd without Ant though
Why God to I always have to work on football Sunday
please remind me
Poor from Sarah that
when the top court of a country, the protector of Fundamental Rights, violates the Fundamental Rights of the citizens
his wifi tho
nah namjoon nd i have matchng photos outside the louvre we're so cute
one in a million is twice's best bside I'm gonna get jumped but no
hang in there i just got my first job the other day and I'm 20
Kelan na pwede?? After deptals mo walwa us
a sexy man
can my dad be supportive liek this how lucky .
yes im pressed as u left me alone i hate y'all
Relate.
stay till Halloween and we can link up
If only I lived in Paris
breathe right last night anxiety was gettin to me
12. Weakness: pondered over this the past few months and I realise that not brave I lack confidence
I see so thsi is why biased towards white girl names.
I just want to hear this song live
while im writing this, you're already sleep. jisung too. and like usually he snored so loud. i dont think i
My dad tell me he was taking a panorama and gave me a (1) Yaoi hand
i already have my aesthetic planned for when im rich and skinny just wait on it ladies
Ify love
Chilke di is ignoring
I am sad
i breathed and i am blocked, i dont even have an idea who is op i made it mom
it takes time but tell yourself you deserve better
How have a survived the last 5 years?
my stummy hurt
maybe he listens me
being a very unoriginal anime fan
I miss my best friends. If my life in such shambles I would of been seeing them all this week
You wanna listen to a great mixtape?
I work every Sunday I miss going to church
we live in a society
I miss magcon
He unfollowed everyone, then just never followed me back
Guys alcohol dribbles me now. I take one sip and I want to nap
i- i know what to say
Aahhh screw it
my body hurt i know im getting sick
i wanna delete all my tweets of problematic ppl but theres too many. this is so sad
me too please let me know oomflets
Happy pill where na u?
I feel so down today
That's why I'm begging you to shut up I was too focused on his lil smile don't judge me
Damn that game been worth every penny
37 minutes left to vote... but already obvious on gonna win yall are so smart, moonbae truly is the
you know how I see primarily blue and yellow when I look at Jimin?? it's orange and purple for Kook
i called chief and he said this was it
Sad
Akskskxnxnx when think anyone would see this
cutest boy alive fr
I wish
only you can bring light on my life, in my dark thoughts
thank you
Sigh
she's cooking and won't let me enter the kitchen
qubit or Quantum Bit is a MADE UP WORD ugh PHYSICISTS THESE DAYS what Next? Photon Bit??? it's
Can people just pls stop fckng my emotions
Are you French? Because Eiffel for you
I love you more than anything
what did camila do
ugh, need my time alone.
Menstrual Cramps suck.. My attitude be all fucked up. I just wanna sleep until over
This could've been prevented if they were sipping slow, doing the two-step.
Bros before hoes
You look so good I hope you had fun
Who says romance is dead
you know what i want for xmas? a dildo.
Minyunggi tetep ga apdet samsek...
2years 11months 2days i miss you so much sayang
But was he gorgeous to her
damn i went ia for a whole ass day and missed all the fun with this catfishing thing
Oof
What a sorrowful Thanksgiving it will be for his loved ones this year
If i tell you twitter will suspend me again
so ready to take my hair out the locs cute but not used to em I need a bob
we would have a gc name if decided on one
sorry for my inactivity, fam. :( hope unfollow me and i hope still love me
I almost quoted but this person went private & they changed their entire layout to not be seen as a Bucky stan
block 1 react nmn taU jan...
Sundays are always the hardest day of the week for me
that tiktok is why gays shove straight ppl into lockers
STFU bitch i know that already, how short did assume me to be
chuus curled bangs are so so cute... How she do that....... i exist and my bangs point a gun at me
but thank u
in my hours have this thing of me saying my true feelings for kyk for ONCE ..
you have one job your such a disappointment camren shippers claim you so you try and show
Just WHY tho like
Welp I lost 2 subs
Yeah wish I say I know
I really miss Brooke. this is too much to process fr
Awww grabe hindi a pads
Heh accku juga
Hasyt! What a day.
Pls let me decorate how I like. Is it your house?
Now that watching this video I want to go shopping for clothes
omg ok it's fun to prank someone but pls don't do it again after this it's kinda annoying because he's rarely
What I supposed to do if I adore chocolateoo skin that much uff
something anything on I miss your blogs
I feel like been doing everything wrong lately ugh
it wasn't my intention to offend anyone
sleep?
i miss him
tell him that i know and that it necessary for him to spit on me
always
you have one job your such a disappointment camren shippers claim you so you try and show
free robert
Yep. But with so many candidates, people had to rely on party recognition.
UHGGGG boyfriend where u at?
own modeuzi
why do I always get sick on the weekends
Mr. Stark, I don't feel so good
Running on a 5hour night rest from Thursday night..
F in the chat bois
No wonder my face is a mess.
I wanna stream BO4 but I have really bad aim and embarrassed about it
no pls
The epitome of when Crissle and Fury speak on not being able to even consider getting out of the bed to do shit.
thought i was going shopping this weekend
12 am kst phobia is back
Return journey !! Boring any body come to massager
I know I feel bad for them
Naa nakog Trento cha.
this a daily mood
wbk sis
After 0182747399202827638292 years U still blocked me not impressed
how are you so adorable, it's not fair
decide if I wanna play CoD or Destiny
Condolence to you and your family Sending my prayers for you. Thank you for staying strong and staying
Let's not talk about grades please
My mama was suppose to make oxtails today but take them out the freezer
we miss you in yeehoers come back
it's his job
Twitter is a no joke zone
missing you like crazy
Gosh I miss Paris I hope joonie got to see some more stuff
I hope so
You can't put the blame on me, because in the first place you already knew what I'm doing
Ned wirkli
Oh shit, tut mir Leid ...
te amo
i literally took 3 yrs of French for nothing i wish i could write joonie some pretty words in french even tho
the betrayal
maybe this is the cutest photo i have ever seen
unfortunately (also be more active pls im lonely asyik ngn fatin je)
I TEARED UP A LITTLE
life been the same since 2016
omggg lemme know if u find one bc im yet to find the perfect mascara
2000-2010 was such a golden era of football
Im so very tired
at least we have our dms
It is
Im not in good mood
favourite weather. without mom
Civilian lying dead in pool of blood in Kulgam Jammu and kashmir
Death toll
Oh my god so cute
he's unstoppable
Shameful, if anyone wants to understand what happened in the past, this is just one of the realities
I lost a bet
I can never do this ugh
I hate how the DJs in 51 only play latin music for 3 minutes and then change genre
tell me what do you see
yes, lost my mind
Accept nako ang mfcd one month HAHAHAHAHA AYIEEEEE
well u didnt lie people didnt talk much about it
Me: -trying to study-
My brain: hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend
Meg literally keeps me going.. Idk how do it without her. Being 2 hours ago sucks and hurts so bad
u shouldve captioned it with joon my man,,,, u missed the chance
We really live like this huh
this needed to be said but this fact isn't fun at all
i thougjt it'd be fun, i thoigjt wroNg
let em be great.. they still shy
you saying this like vope be dead by next month
This music fits so well with the gloomy day
any of the other members... That's crossing the line already...
nothing im just sad
I wish you could appear in my bedroom within a second
youre cuter though
you might think a bad friend, but fucking trying
Gimme one more chance
Preach
big sad that I have to do an 11 hour shift again just to make this bread
Yes, right! Well, it happens to me due to myself getting pretty a lot of businesses. //
Baptised or not, he should have plead guilty as a human being.
If anyone knows where to buy the yyxy yellow plaid outfit from love4eva let a bitch know
It's like i lost my mans when i used to play Cinderella it felt like he was rhyming to me
Face reveal for 300+ followers?
without you, i'm STILL a sad song
is this what they call an achievement
time for the truth i was catfishing you all sorry this is me, please accept me for who i truly am
The album itself is perfect because duh an MX album, but I wish it was a hard cover because those albums sit well on my shelf
Imagine that was your granda
mood it's his best mv and his american debut but everyone is like
I just asked Doug and he said he's not that sorry. ^Abbie
very sad all that
anxiety?
Something sounds off la dgn performance BZ arini..
going to my first ever Falcons game and he be playing but I just hope he heals quickly and in my prayers!!!
I grew up with it too Goku is so selfish & obsessed with fighting that he rather put
i have the same feeling about shoot out i had when i listened to the jealousy preview and it wasn't good let's pray i'm wrong
joonie baby I love you so much
Y'all discussing the wedding menu like as if i have the girl already, but i dont. This makes me sad okay
buT I'm gonna have to wait till got7/bts 2019 tour to decide my life
We live in a society
Well played tho
what would i do without her
RT for awareness
im sorry dk did this i was doing homework and i could not supervise him do better next time
missin the old us
bruh i got fucked up lmao mean to like,,,, tag that onto your post whoops sorry
Reminds me of you
aweee I wish I could meet all of you
4. Peircings i have: 5 on my right ear and 3 on my left ear! want more tho
49 ... shit fam i remember
50 ... i-i watch k dramas
im gonna have to waste my time school making one of those hoodies for myself
i wanna edit but i still have no laptop pls give me some money
my back isnt good today
Where she at tho
We deserve our hero...
rip to the both of us.
Listen domo been tripping but aye I felt every bit of this statement in my soul son
pls my hands are cold and lonely and waiting to be held and i wanna be kithed on the mouf
I read it last night and..... It's was the softest :((((( I was so soft I cried
i know better than to count down
ty
omg same
its always gonna be you guys I'm sorry
that's too cute
maybe he went another day or another hour but just imagine
Saint on earth right here
When he was rapping his verses on Dang
please answer anything
good morning, get this bread
we love this already
u got me there
maybe it means u have a youthful spirit (or that dumb)
How can you smile when you heart has been broken and filled with pain
Miss having someone to talk to
So I guess summer is over now
DID YOU JUST CALL ME DRAMATIC AKODOWIDJF deny WTF JUST TELL ME OMFG BEEN A DAY JESUS CHRIST ALDNOWKFKDK
how can i not?! iconic
But then you have better healthcare than US
Man I gotta see my brother in a casket today...damn
my baby i wanna take these pics like him whenever i go to paris ):
girls need love too
So I guess summer is over now
these women
It has been brought to my attention that I am not as strong as I used to be nor as fun tired
as someone whos never sucked dick, i am DISGUSTED at the amount of young ladies defiling themselves in this way.
of course i get a big ass pimple right near my nose and it hurts like a bitch of course
I understand that upset with me which is why even though I want to, I will give you your space
reach our tc soon.
What careers are you looking at Radiation therapy n sonography, been swayed by all the money stem ppl make
actually i think im cis or het i just know what what else to call myself atm
This could've been prevented had they been sipping slowly, doing the two step with one hand in the air.
Praying everything goes as planned
doyoung is so adorable
Be strong sweet baby
Or kai will be sad of you
sad bitch
I hate getting my hopes up high and then things go as planned
I missed you so much really
Where have you been.
Woke up to some sad news.. Damn, 2018 has been quite a year. Family health problems and deaths
Lord, can my Dr friend stop being so thirsty.
everyone's in love with my gf
i just realized my au got past 3k likes???? i dont deserve it but thank you so much
I will miss you
Get the coins sis
false, jojo uses pictures of ME
can i be your gf instead sure
Unta chada akoang performance this coming Wednesday Huhuhu
I dead ass missed school the day they came whole class had T shirts
Sa friday pa last day namin
I hate when I have to leave Shawn for a week
Worship.
Please Think of yourself and be as a women. And then do it all whatever you are doing with.
i always relate
oh shsndhn i see but oof im glad that went down to a 3
at a 5k for my school and playing best song ever
going back to school today
i miss you but i missed eunddeoa and yuqimong the most
i saw this movie so many times hoping the ending would change
Tell him to bring back the
i still think about this everyday.... this is the only thing i have of my faves ever interacting
must be nice to have a father like that
I wanted to be Poison like Koffing but I took a quiz and got Jigglypuff
i need to start watching gintama again, i used to binge tf out of that
//lowkey// wanna match bios using troye's lyrics with a certain someone
Okay, let you sit next besides me so you can stop me from playing another song.
And here I thought we could take a break from the theories
Thats the dream, we asian gays suffering
The USA sadly
May pasok pa kami next week
Twitter support gives absolutely zero fucks. Sorry but true
sorry cunt
And the day where sober af, & I reaaaaally want a fucking cigarette.. Fuck those things though.
I'm so emotionally tired
The shame
I will tell my mummy for you such lies. I am a virgin please
I'D WISH TOO!
My fav doctor
Kote mouche ki te bat Nice Simon an??? Nan ki pwen dosye sa a ye?
Make mistakes though.
bc we love you
One wish just to pay off these little bit of bills I have . They stressing me out
I was born in 04
did you at least suck his cock
Is It Because I'm Black
Sesungguhnya apa maumu, Juleha.
//lowkey// wanna match bios using bloom lyrics with a certain someone
Bully
alexandra is so cute pls she deserves all the happiness in the world
imnjust saying! but okay
i love them so much
Used Messenger, Viber, WhatsApp and even Hangouts just to talk thru call...
kaso ban sa place nila so we were not able to.
Goals with my family.
Kev like dressing up and being extra
Why so sad
I hope jennie is okay fuck you haters
Why is exercising so hard I'm just tryna have a tiny waist again but I've gained a bit weight djdbfbfjdb
I look really sexy in my very brand new jordan psg kit but I feel not enough people have seen me
Oh dear Clara... i miss you so much
You were eating corns as you were eating fish.
want to go back to Camiguin jud
i missed another bts_twt tweet again
trynna go to both
I hate burpee so freakin much
I want bladee to finesse me twice
this it
Yeah!! Last time TWICE concert I got the rock zone but sadly the concert got cancelled Now let's aim for IZ*ONE one!!
my body hurts so bad
would it be nice in my ass
I think it's when 3 people play with each other
I've been staring at the "short" story Rip Van Winkle for hours now and I can't seem to bring myself to continue reading.
Mood:
believe those kind of people are actually exist in our fandom
Soooo exhausted
o bebelo deixa eu fazer carinho
i know
me every night somebody throw an intervention for me I NEED it
Guess I really have to wait till 50
bro im quitting because of optional customisation
gonna come back next week cya
but like why
Hi ate.
exactly.....
stone heart
about the time we got home
Wow Tom you used to be Legit... sad to watch your slide
lucky bitch ur cp alive and well
as if see it they not in paris anymore :(
I took the risk and I lost
4 we go outside to get food
an sla sou muito chata
Most definitely! And what said.
I wish I had friends to camp out w and try to meet people w but we all stan the same people
man... november's gonna be harsh on me
No please make it Wole for me
When you have lost someone and miss them so much.
Listen to the song everyone
Miss you buddy always
wooow so my ass really out here IN LOVE hah
guess who's broke now
I got Melvin Gordon in like 4 leagues... that O gon hurt
bitch you also see that curve he has a nice body
I really do not wanna leave today
That could be a mithter
at least he has his husbands big bappy paws
hello i need cat
guess being hag pays off sometimes
I can never find one
... taehyung doesn't deserve this slander
rip my kaibaek pinned my stupid ass deleted it accidentally
I hate my job. I hate today. I just want to dig a whole and cry. never cried so much
what if jamjam close too, all the ogs.. listen anon..... gonna block you
thank you raisa
Telling the truth
wish i knew a year ago exactly what i do now
u survived the purge
I'D WISH TOO!
Someone sign me up I believe mothers will do this to their precious lil baby
why is it so easy for you
Jungkook really just buffers sometimes he
fucki shouldve stayed i had my son dough im mad
I need sleep and not talk to people
Also jokes, weed scenes It was so strange to see after my innocent ArShi lol. Yees. I hope people don't bash her
Men we gotta work harder
I know couple of hoes making 1k weekly from just selling feet pics.
It keeps bugging me . make peace about it, at least not now
You need kindness too? Wow. A humorless, unkind life.
also I was good at studying for CW but history? who is she
you deserve someone much better.. sorry
the way dan gets over boys
They stop
First red zone pick for Mariota
No biggie! Can cause breakout
hays
this rly how it gonna be now huh
And now it came to me, how overwhelming it was back then, and now that its finally gone, it wasnt rlly okay. not at all
I am just thankful that I've incepted sporty Jisung into everyone's brains idc abt credit when I'm well fed
Ok. I need reinstall my happy hacking
you know
ElClasico without Ronaldo and Messi
What a turn off I think I can ever look at him the same
It surprise me...
Pregnancy ruins everything
3am and all i can think about is how much i miss katie mcgrath and her ugly ass outfits
i cant wait to hug u nezt week i bet be too scared to though
Chamisa sit down with your father Ed so that you can put your house inorder please this is more than to much
Me if marvel decides to give bucky the big chop and cut his hair off
/; my writer issa freak
Good stuff man. I need to get on this at some point ugh...sooo time consuming though
More than anything I wish I could go to Detroit next week just so I could attend kyles memorial show
Where are you ?
im so excited but i don't wanna be boo boo the fools again
he just loves the dino toy a lot
what was the original tweet?
People are ALWAYS a curve ball in this life
You're good
Thank him
Kinsay namatay ernz? Condolence po
yea
I've been loyal for over a week and haven't been lucky at all
pray that yes or yes teasers will be released today
It still hurts too much
Namjin typical
a fitty ... the true og
And once again there will be their tour concert on my birthday.. but i be there.. why is it so hard to
risk! I had enough
Can't believe Sunday's almost over
My absolute faves in FCP back in 2014
Dang, no girl deserves that. Why can't we just be good to our women huh? Just keep it real peeps
I'M DONE W Y'ALL
i just want taehyung why he gotta be so perfect damn
Is becoming Rich by force. I'm poor and happy. I don't wanna be Rich nd Sad
does anyone have any videos of joji singing slow dancing in the dark live all my friends are fake
snakes really be exposing themselves
going off priv to test something
Heloknya tuan hoseok dan abah taehyung
we could easily have both
I just,,,, want to shower someone in love and affection, and you know..... have a partner in crime
I hope the whole book is blank except one sentence your but not optimistic
i want jeongguk to fuck me until i cant move but i also wanna kiss his puffy cheeks and give him cuddles we love a man who can do both
i wanna be in her guts for halloween
damn u played her dirty
lmfao someone dmed me giving me reasons why i ship taejin but ship taekook instead u tried
another win for rj
love means being able to accept our kinks
What if i fall??
Oh!! But my dear, what if you fly??
good friendship , toxic relationship
What I need the most right now is my Mom's Hug
you like tea too?
the closest jungwoo & baekhyun interaction was them looking at each other for 2 sec
tru
My father wont take me to the craft store
I learnt this the hard way!
Chat kana please
my follower to like ratio is
such a fine line you have to balance
The more veneers I see the more I no longer want them
This is my senator ashamed
Things suck
Trust me teenagers are poor, and our parents only give us money on Birthdays and Christmas if we are lucky.
Fan gets 6 straight points mostly on the deadly FH to get ahead 7-5, so skillful, so unreal.
OH Timo
100 people in the room and 99 believe in yu, you can have 1 that believes in you and that can be life changing
hate when this happens
plz die
I really hate it when unretweet and unlike my previously retweeted and liked bangtan posts
Mood
You don't reply to my mts
true
forget me when your famous
Pffff no
bawal maexcite baka di matuloy
socha bhi kiyu ap mjhy mar rhin
that was the most tight hug and at the same time the most painful hug
not sure how I feel about this? I know coming to all motorsports eventually, but just not ready
Ke LKG ga gona o mongwe. She's the worst I've heard in a while
and it has nothing to do with the ship but jungkook only but i guess only jikookers can use it
I really need someone to talk to, and i was hoping be there
pls
please follow me
Life is not a joke.. so sad
ngl, sometimes I miss bald Edwin
With you in spirit champion heal well we are thinking of you Sofia!
Over
so i guess this week be 6 hours per day
No. I literally feel like I never have a break from work. so
seeing a neurologist today. Please continue to pray for my baby and keep her in your thoughts, this is extremely difficult.
Pwede EXTEND ang SUNDAY
rihanna when we ask her for new music
Wow Tom you used to be Legit... sad to watch your slide
Damn must be nice having money
Me for the last 3 days. I get it.
It's been 900 years but I still want to see the pics the boys put in the Story of my life music video.
You never reply to my mts
I need a friend to share the sweet bitter story of life
Good morning get this bread
Miss my grandpa feel like I got a chance to say a proper goodbye hurting Love you PopPop
Lack of belief and knowledge
this was started by a jikook shipper therefore this is invalid
i only trust 28% of people
I really miss u
so funny i cant like me and mia r OVSESSED with erik, i show it bc too much for to handle
I LOVE YOU
I want to just sit outside and watch football in this weather but I gotta code and study
so hungry still at work
I wanna hold his face in my hands and kiss him all over, is that too much to ask for?
imy, Love
Had a dream about you last night and you hugged me just like this i would do everything for a real one right now
i work tonight lmfao upset
berry calm down with replying to noel i know we love him but , calm
ahh that is sad... i want more spoilers
Need better plays bro
long distance is so annoying sometimes.. i just wanna see my girlfriend
Missing the rest of the squad
Wow Tom you used to be Legit... sad to watch your slide
. . . just what, Hyung? Who said that? Our contract? bUT I want have someone to love this handsome guy like me
We hope these girls will be found soon and the people that took then will be put in custody
i know
right
Got to wake up super early tmr but sleep.
fui humilhada
even oma gill thought it was fault
"Dead god..
I don't ask you to make my life easier. But I ask you to give me strength to face all my troubles.
I feel that we really gotta have kids to get boobs
sched our date na puro tayo drawing nak eh!
I told you. I always have weird dreams. Sigh. I just want to sleep.
I just got a heart pang
Wow Tom you used to be Legit... sad to watch your slide
please don't let me flop
i only leave if i have to.. for like work or food
Noooooo.....
u can screenshot with incognito
my fat mutuals bullied me and made me change my skinny fall layout
I realized that after I commented. But they still look food
Fam I feel blessed. But dw we all shall make it
My yoon's sense of humor thread which I'm working on for like 4 months
I'm not counting down cause I'm done taking Ls
Me too
Man said Ford Fiesta
And finally, you gone
I just want my life back
lmaoo jongin but i would've teared it off too
Rip My Grandmother From Da Earth She Departed
I wish I woulda went to college
Wag na xad please?
NOOOO EONNIEEEE . . .
I don't think like that
Hi
so sorry. Love will win over evil. But so sorry about the evil visited upon your
Angels do hover above this vale but the angels of death
just when i thought life was going great
I agree Windies !!
This is Very unfair but you are facing the best cricket team in the World.
God Bless you Guys
I know if he still have it but he had a mullet and is so pretty
i did smth wrong again this is so sad
No chance to finish mine
i will stop now
just watched videos of Europe in 4K for an hr
my first condo of the day.. at Moonraker Condo, Gulf Shore, Al
nah. i feel like that billboard is all gonna get for the next few weeks
The knicks are cursed, man...
Can the bread get it themselves today
u right
word they cant handle the goodness
ok but true
i don't deserve this sweet words from my fav mutuals sskks i'm gonna die from this kind of affection
jamais faria isso com vc, to com sdds
I was fat before the sweets. I was merely stating the obvious
I slept on a king bed the past few nights, & coming home to my queen just the same
WHAT DID I DO?
It's been over a year since I quit drinking, so I've been focusing on my ED. I've gained 12 pounds in the last
I wish one fine day my sis will randomly start to talk about day6 music with me too~
Be strong besi. Kaya mo yan. Sorry I wasn't there in times of your struggle
For I know the plans I
Namjoon would make a very hot CEO
did you know that i love vazzrock
summary of my day:
1. my cold's getting worse
2. didn't talk to remi nor yaneth today
3. played a furry game
Nop
Damn sorry about that
take everything from me please
Yea I forgot to tell you but my real name is Janet
rmbr this? </3
going through a breakup?
My skin is going through this awkward phase of actually being blemish free and my feelings are hurt because I know only temporary
youre so soft
thank you monoma believes in u too
I just need to sit down and have a one on one with god
And we DnD people miss you. Like, sobra
Broke as fuck
okay tea... at least you know now
ikr i cry every night because of that realization
yoongi jimin everytime jimin attempts to feed yoonmin stans
imean u better drop a emoji have one week
Dans quel monde on vit
Must be nice
played basketball in close to a year & I legit almost passed out after the first game
I just finished my 2 essays, I can finally rest
So many dope songs ready all I need is studio time
God, only You can mend my brokenness.
Its his style he looks cute.
Somebody needs to come get me
yoonmin and sope please, do something... i'm starving
not good shit, I just lost all my cash on the gambling minigames and had to reload
sometimes im funny
taeil, sweetie, be too hard on yourself, please know you deliver exquisite vocals everytime
At the game this sunday morning..... Lets see how this turn out
nowhere to go, homeless without Twitter
not funny on the internet sorry to all my mutuals
just finished reading surah yasin and there's no weird cry anymore
I was trying, but nah some things came up
Draq gonna tell u a secret of the trade. We do that for the clout
I cannot believe this is happening
IDK IT'S JUST CUTESKDHD YOU'RE CUTE IN GENERAL.
Damn! This is so hard to read.
this is so cute
he knew selca day was today thank you considerate king
they want you to watch on naver
EU TE AMO TANTO ENTEBDE ISDO DE UMA BEZ CHAN
Man I miss this
Metro
Another week with no 1k voices
let his death be in vain.
Will exols finally win tonight
straifht men stay losing brain cells
I'm so sorry to hear that. Please get well soon!
they're sending me content i have no choice
My heart
I listen to Thomas Rhett anymore for that exact reason
omg when we gon skype again
incomplete as usual night swimming with my bitchksz love y'all!!!!
idk what im expecting but it better be SOMETHING please you have two minutes
I realize how much I spent on food goin out I really have a weakness when it comes to it I even look at the price
i forgot to put my charger cord in my backpack too so i can't charge it at work
tired of chasing the bag, it chase me for once
girl luhan left on my birthday you aint special
I want them on my timeline too
From this white woman, I am so sorry
I know! Maddening
your mood? Are you still feeling sad tired and gay ?
Yep unfortunately
my bitchass stomach when we were taking psats
GLDKF im sorry im just too stressed hon
Sorry ah wala ko sa tabi mo i know it much more means a lot if im beside you
Dont laff at my pain
But darling I just want to watch a movie with you.
We're not playing well today though so you'd probably be more entertained watching something else.
Sorry for your loss
sister sorry for the ugliness
my bad day is cancelled! johnny told me to have a good sunday so I will, I have to do it for him
Keep getting the chills
"Dear god..
I don't ask you to make my life easier, but I ask you to give me strength to face all my troubles."
I blocked them again- never unblocking again
This tweet, "shirubate hasn't been tweeted more than 0 times.
yall: bbangkyu does not EXIST! bbangkyu DIED! in loving memory of bbangkyu
bbangkyu 2 seconds later:
(@ New Smile Dental Spa in Salmiya)
Mask singer..... please.......
I couldn't goto trial and I'm sorry it came to this
now the adid is null?? seriously don't they want me to vote
This past week has been long and dreadful. . . And I think you even noticed.
zel I believe this... u rlly betrayed me... are u even in love with me... what is the truth
Thanks - I was fooled by newshub
Should have stayed in the tower
I had a dog that looked just like this! He just passed away a few months ago I loved him so
But how do you even know there when men are so good at pretending
Serba salah.
omg these were funny i should do these again
Was 5-0, I'm now 6-6. Yo , that icon tho?
damn your tweets are that dry that they gotta talk about me? Don't y'all have a mixtape to look forward to?
u told me to
Trueeee I'm doing it right now
damp tired of stress
Recovery is sleep a while
no but this is actually sad my life is sad
i just have to realise . that ill never have ppl who actually like me nd i cant even make an effort to have them like me
Lucky..
it was fun. i'm coming to prison.
really entering day 20 without an exo teaser in sight huh
p-please still accept me my feelings for u are real
This is why I check my bags. Did someone take a sledgehammer to this?? Usually is so good
We all have this perfect picture in our minds of how things are supposed to be and why we all end up being disappointed
february 11th 2013
How did you know wow
YUNG MGA PROUD NA PROUD NA NAGAADIK DYAN MAGISIP ISIP KAYO MAHULI NA KAYONG NANGBABABAE/NANLALALAKE WAG LANG SA BISYO PUTANG INA
hardest pill to swallow: never be able to hear screen or fake you out live
never wished i was a ginger child more in my life rn
Incredible views today by hiking!!
Once down in the village, blue sky and sunny
How is wish I can be there
So nothing?
thank you
The fun is over
Thank you to everyone who joined us today and to Zebracorn for putting on such a fantastic day!
Missyoumoreee
my birthday do u wanna follow me as a gift
we were sooooo close to another 'daisy's mother calls' stream but your overlord countered with a defensive trick to thwart our fun
YOURE SO CUTE
ugh facts
Its Momna not Momina please
HAHAHAHAHA circuits yan, open circuit, kasi na'cut na yung connection hays t a n g i n a
meu 1 comeback com twice
i don't think you realise how much you mean to me joonie
Sadly enough I vote cause I live outside the UK
Remember this day well
omg i guess we share the same boat
In times like this I wish I had a younger sibling to send shop
I would love to however I live in the states
jb stans how are we doing
Omar you go play because your need hurts sometimes
sg oomfies taking o lvls tmr....... goodluck and bell curve.. pls be good... ya girl trynna pass
Why it any global leaderboards?
should of known better
that sucks, Llama you'd have to speak with our partners in peru about this. they're Moviestar and
not soon enough
We truly are
so I guess nothing happened huh
no teaser ???
Thinking of you and your family May you find a smile for all the good memories today. xox
miss her..
cannot help it if both mother and daughter fall she tried and that's good enough
triggered because I always ask for lite ice in my Chick-Fil-A lemonade and well, Sunday.
i want to see you soon
Truth.
And people wonder why mental health progressing.....
So whp are you.
I would love to vote but not from the uk love
i've always wondered how snow tastes like. guess i'll never find out
I fell asleep and missed the Lakers and rockets fight
Sadly, this behavior is actually encouraged by certain in some countries.
we are called booboo the fools
Time to drown in homework for the rest of the day
Will I ever be noticed by Taylor again?
stop being shy ok!!! u cute it makes me wanna smooch u
Would not be surprised
Its a university of science and technology why has okpa blocked your ability to reason ..
Feel so upset and hopeless today ffs
saw what i was sleep
when will su can fly come back from the war
matching layout? who wants to be kino to my shinwon?
Seems like I will never be going back to Master ever again
This is just insane...
omg sorry i literally just went off
It be like that sometimes
we were rooting for them
... Wow! This is so sad
No tomorrow
Oh well ngathi uProverb unenkinga
He should get a simple girl, my advice
sorry im Drunk
Accounting & Ergonimics
Same here
dance practice teasers? thats what were doing now
Just me when jimin breathes
me volunteering at this screening tn
Yup I lost it..
I just want to explode
Me with some oomfs
A hug before sleep, then
ok sweetie youre right im sorry change of plans take my
Just my luck
what looking for
Sorry for being immature when it comes to you
Would call you a soyboy but u are to obese for that.
relax ur gonna great ana b2amin fik o f2duratek thank u anon the only one that's ever believed in me 3njad
im applying for new mutuals that hype me up for all the weird shit i say, plz
in my feels i need a new me
The cowboys Redskins thanksgiving game sold out that been the perfect birthday present
He's so freaking precious I can't
same
stop being so cute
Once again
Pressured masyado sa career
I realllllyyy want fresh flowers from the market but they make it home
disappointed
how rude
sorry my brain haywiring again i'm back doing chinese
I need some time with my pals
never doing this again
too pale for his own good
I already got my plans set to buy an RJ pillow now waiting for people to call me
I was upset for the calf
I'm not a big acc but I stan bts and I've been told I'm an unproblematic and chill acc uwu
the price tho yet my dumbass still bought it 2 weeks ago
okay Val! I believe the right one will come
dms when you can x
I would vote but I'm in America
i was literally staring at my clock and my phone while putting on my deodorant waiting for 12 kst
true but nyd at least gets performed so it goes not even part of the setlist
I wonder why I bother sometimes starting to lose my patience with people - okay I be around here
Still waiting for ma free phone
allergic to dairy I miss my cheese
hi harleen i miss u
peyuk.
Actually terrifying. I'm sorry
Think the last day going to game and everything, cba anymore
we going down streaks
His poor Mother! Bless this family.
awww I wanna do the Yakuza secret santa but a bitch write or draw smh
I didnt see you guys were going to play
we are truly boo boo the fools thinking they were going to drop smth today
1. yoongi out here starting fan wars
i was literally staring at my clock and my phone waiting for 12 kst while putting on my deodorant
How dare they disrespect this song with his presence. I understand the meme but too far too far
they probs met at some politician discussion and became besties
I Just Wanna Suck Daughters Pussy Like A Neckbone But Noooo
Coz I have no friends
he even my boss
wish I was more like rose
sorry lick away
Ugh I hate being sick It is not for me at all
sorry to disappoint my brain cells level 0 now alr
Hi Facebook uhm may rereport lang po sana ako na tanga s/o to Mark Z or whateva
I Be Sitting Back Thinking About Pj And Nuk Them Niggas Still Supposed To Be Here
it was
Feel like playing video games but also keep getting bored in 20 with whatever I try to play
I BEEN STREAMING FOR WEEKS
A very sad news. May his soul rest in eternal peace. Ameen. I understand how can an accident
This is the closest we will get to seeing his abs.
my stepdad saw my sim and went why is she naked and in fishnets and i was like she just is
But I already have one of these
pas compris
I'm really sad
You know this feeling when you never see them before but you miss them so fucking much because
SAME
imagine seeing silver haired taehyung with your own eyes,,,, we can never he looks so soft i jus wanna s q u i s h
The more we mind our business the more our try to fuck the team. Just for a reaction
I like you for sure and ofcourse but im not that too brave to like you
too late to create an account on ao3 for ongniel bc already posted a fic
Thanks, sadly I don't have apple though...
HSKSJS i got them all from cotton on bc im a cheap fuck who cant resist $1-$5 totes
Hardest part of the day: coming home tired, and realizing it's monday tomorrow
maybe furry lives do matter
I hope it kicks in soon
Oh dear, I hope these rumours about John Leeson aren't true
I don't have iPhone and I don't live in UK to vote I'm sorry lad
fly up early just for that garden
I thought so too but it was too late
he might not be alive by then gourds are only alive for so long.
I thought m ready
He wants me to dieeeee
But I don't wanna die until I meet BTS & go to Korea in Real
Sorry, didn't read your reply anymore last night because I went to bed. I seem to be constantly tired these days.
I wonder if i ever cross your mind
bro what happened last night?
you need to do more xbox
same a hard knock life
i should have known this was a trap
I'm trying to
my companion up messed up and sold veron for this cheap!! even finish making my team now
Jaehyun johnny juga
w-what do you mean if you do do it too dm me
all I want is a good yoongi url
Ppl my age really go to church... in church with ppl either school aged or my age and above. No one 20s-30s
so im downgraded to crush now
I knew my ass was gone get sick, my damn throat hurt
i try not to think about it
I can't see your face anymore after this
Nicole interview on Ellen really makes you empathise with the trans community people can be so cruel to each other
And on the seventh day God rested
i have never been to any concerts
be my peace i done had enough pain frfr
Every time I look at this cute little bear, I remember you.
high and gay
Mood though
indo te buscar
when will i ever get a louis notice
na miss ko himym
bless us sana icheck nila tayo sometimes
// Good Night.
I'm sorry I'm your wife now
No work today I feel like a fooking bum mate
my mom me for not wearing a sweater when I went to work and I listened to her bc now my nose going through it
w-what do you mean if you do it do it too dm me
Not going to be the same without
can't believe the man who said this is the same man who rapped about bleached assholes recently
5sos owns my ass
I was listening to Who Ate All The on YouTube and came across this old comment about Mac R.I.P.
feeling blue right now
i wondered every day while you kept us in the dark...... is bedroom clean
I truly wish you could unsend iMessages.
it rly is
when frank ocean said grapevine mango peaches and limes, i really felt that
Starbucks caramel is not vegan also their products all support Monsanto
y'all boo boo the fools, he never said it was dropping in 2018
Saddest six words in the English never finished eating my
I GUESS THEY NEVER MISS HUH
we live in a society
Was cute af yesterday. get one picture. Sickening
rude i still followed him
i love stray kids so much
Low key I love Brother Nature
i already lost my dad too please be strong we're all here for you.
3. crushing JK HSJCJJDC single but loving mr johnny from afar
Sorry Hasan You can find out why we've turned off top ups here
You
i am a locket and johnny joestar lover before anything
wheat, cook, and salty and a lil bagel
my stomach be hurtin because i dont eat anythin
praying to the viking gods
you should have seen the other things i devoured without taking a picture
yuri, my dm master follower.
i love exo but i hype them up
My man. I am happy even as good friends ! In the future we will meet them and hug them
A 92nd minute winner from Keynsham Town has knocked out of the National League Plate
Hello depression. back
Boys were too good at covering. Our boys are talented in everything they do indeed.
Who wants to be my boo?
this tea
I cry
SUNDATE w Daddy & Princess
- 3/4 left out my little prince next week will be full squad alright? daddy and
I just realized I even eat the pozole my aunt sent me from her birthday last week
congrats
Lord, I surrender all to You.
YEA for me Answer: LM AND THEN TRIVIA LOVE i can her his ad libs still
i had everyone attacking me last night
I want to hug my fav everything
can we get purple hair doyoung again
forget me when ur famous
Why wrong
thanks guys
Crushed
Woman Loses Her Life And Baby In Childbirth Exactly 6
Last night made me realize i need more LA friends
b- because my life is indeed so sad. MISS YOU TOO! glad to meet ya here lol i'm planning to change my
we clearly missing you at safety
Te verduguea hasta un Nazi
This is dreadful hoping injuries are not too serious xx
Depression, why me?
I missed you/all
the rose never Fails.
That girl has me block for breathing & oomf is fighting her but I see her tweet
I just wanna fit into clothes better
Me too
damn deepika is rly getting married still mine in my mind
I missed you so much
"Sha"
"Temenin ngobrol"
"I know this is harsh but don't fucking hurt yourself. be stupid"
I'm done report the vids, hope that will help you dear
I refuse to complain about any petty shit
sunday
4:09pm
at work
The worst thing that can happen is for my boss to show up.
We actually know all of the roles already But, we act too suspicious.
26. i... never been to a concert before the concerts are always held in manila and im busy with acads
and
Ini previous siapa?
1. Gowon
2. Yves
3. Chuu
Ever since things changed all ive been feeling is asking for too much
This is so heartbreaking. God would always take the good ones earlier than expected
SOMEONE GET THIS MAN A MIRROR!
He needs to see himself.
I miss my Lola. A lot.
Is it a OT9 Lay stan habit every time they release a group photo? I'm always counting them
Wish I could help him
Ambik la hak orang nanti tak berkat belajar. sorry mom because I careless. too expensive and I handle it
so mean
Aww im Sorry for your loss how did you do it because i dont know how to live
Can you wear a suit at the next live show please
THIS WAS ME YESTERDAY JFC they all have such good character designs
hi from Russia
I vote for you because I live in Russia
Good luck
alright im off to go study again I have an examen monday then tuesday then I have a 6 page report to give
Bored with life, kapuya ning wa kai e look forward to kada mata nimo uie hayts
I WANT TO BE A PART OF BUTTT i am thinking to do this tomorrow since i am running out of photos
Room next to me is playing city pop & I can't even tell them to turn it down
What
I miss having a dog.
I was being mean I'm sorry exo
I'm gonna cryy Why did they put Eunkwang's voice first for the teaser
But anyway, I feel like it is a happy & meaningful song
Duuude everyday everyday no man
I really hope Hanbinnie smiles all day and is genuinely happy he deserves it.
Rude
My car is so dirty lol.
WTF *STREAM*
maybe the A is with SUGA HAHAHAHA
taeninny sporting the beautiful p|a badge since mom is too scared to lose it on their bag like parent, like
i was really going through it last night and my boy came through i love him so much
KMDJFJDK IT RLY DOESNT SUIT JONGDAE
11:11
We're going to be okay
oof its a sweet suffering
really ?
Why do i keel fucking things up
18. Fave season: only experienced summer and winter in other countries I wanna know how Spring is like tho, very pretty
11:11 INSHAALLAH. MAGING OKAY DEN TANAN. TIWALA TANO BU. YA RABBI TABANG
sigh i read a little bit of the manga and then i stopped so i remember much of it
had that yesterday hate to inform u that ur wrong
I
vote for raplineunits yall
A bond so tight that even on bad terms we will still run to each other first ?
I know I can do better
B-but I don't wanna fight you your to nice to fight with
So I looove coffee. But not having a gallbladder makes loving coffee absolutely torturous
So confused..
they did aleynos dirty
Wish I was high right now smh
I turned this off after a few seconds and i already lost braincells.
a song for If You're Not The One by Daniel Bedingfield
I always get this msg that's why i can't vote. What to do. Help me
Waking up to go to work is so depressing lmao
You guys are acting like you've never seen my predebut abs...
This weekend is a blur and still feel real.
someone is lying when he told me about he loves me
I'm trying to convince myself that ain't gonna happen
Sighs
Agreed
Nope
Oh noooo
Why do we have to go through these? Why do I have such ill-minded bloodline. Please let me understand.
& today one of the good ones
They all look so good this is the end of the line for me buds
rip these adorable pics of timmy that no one talks about anymore
I'm eating this oreos but what I really wanted was the mega stuff
MOOMIN STUFF YANG LAIN ADA GAK NDER HUHU
i speak much anyway im shy
good luck all the best
i got replaced with adlr it's probably because she can't have a whitey there for too long which i get
House of Cards
Awwww sad Lowry gonna disappoint the whole country of Canada without his best friend
3.
HAPPY BDAY MY BABE ILYSM!!! enjoy your day
sorry to disappoint i just love my baby a lot
Stop crying
eu quero a kyla bem e comeback
Pakalat-kalat lang ako sa Creatives Booth Next time, I shall collect two hugs.
ive heard like less than 20 seconds of neolhada but its already my favorite song
Still do that now
ANJOS
i'm bored can seokjin go on vlive
My family has got annoyed of me sharing baby videos on my fb wall but i can't help it smh
im sorry
I hope I have
i know that but oofs lucas
Aelah, twitter demen banget lock acc aq
TASIA NOT FUNNY
he is so cute , for what ?
diana is whitephobic pass it on
legends come back we miss you
arin has the softest voice she sounds so cute when scared
gurrllll I be missing you
When cold like this I just wanna get back in bed and cancel the day
That's why I went a different route. Chose to honor the great Jiraiya Sensei
Still decided where to transfer for next semester
the smallest
Nearly a whole day sleep still enough sleep for me I hate being sick oof
I am spin-class-every-sunday-at-9-am years old
Argh
i watched a video of a girl making an adorable unicorn cookie and i bet chan likes unicorn cookies
Hays.
HOME sick
apa ni balik sekejap sekejap
*This Could be us*
Pr meri handfree ki sirf ek side chalti hai
zyx with blond hair
I like the fetal position I like making myself small
Coffee, making a murderer part 2 and hanging out with my boy who is sick once again.
Hay sorry be :(( ang hirap kasi
kinda body shamed myself last night and am not proud of it....
I miss my friends and I miss myself more
Im so nervous to get sg concert tix
maybe i should continue the baseball AU before actually going back to uni
I literally woke up two mins laterhe did that
f
we on dm limit
1st of all why are the beliebers stanning a fandom? 2nd The tweet is crap & so as the comments..
please give him a bun already
This hashtag is so cute
the man said they do cards
You're not the only one Huhu
Got me watching my email like waiting on a job respond
Super tired
Miss him everyday
Wh-What happened? But what ever it is rest in peace angel
D-5
rly windy and cold this is NOT good for my lips
What if im noT djdjd and they got me chocolate-
Sorry, dear me
so funny
my irl looks like she ate a bloody p^ssy
another loss for Worcester Wolves means only 1 win so far this season. Something just clicking with the
I know Sunday is supposed to be a rest day, but actually the busiest day for me
Second this.
What do rn to have someone to cuddle and buy me cute things to put a smile on my face
lrt thats So Cute if only ppl arent weirded out seeing guys being intimate with each other they couldve ruled the world
look like i have to let my bf go and meet his soulmate
Ako na iiwas coz this is wrong
What a fucking mess this country has become.
Hang on for a gov change, it be long now xx
I just want someone to be there for me like I am for everyone else
Nahhh, I don't think I can get one but thank you for support
I'm Traveling Back To where I Live I'm Probably Gonna Get There By 20:00 I think Which Really Pains Me
So sick of feeling stuck.
the only boy with a mullet fuck around with
be a 1M by now
This is amazing
Miss study sessions with bae
Yeess. She is so shy
nao ta gostando?
hi sir i miss u
i'd rt but how am i gonna drink my ihop chocolate milk without a straw
Hi I miss you
heart touching.. actually they have more feeling than human.
HEJSKFJSKFJJSKDKD security took all the deodorants away
You to me
You have my best interest
called a pop
this is true. apparently they found 2 girls, but there is still one to find
19. 15 minutes. 10 to brush my hair
who wants a makeover on msp lol im bored xox (just dm me, i promise i won't destroy your account)
we kinda died too quick but it was funny
my phone was so full i couldnt even post memes or send them or do anything basically
im BAD at group chats
im reading my first fic i wrote this year and i don't like it
Fuck you man stop bullying me I'm reporting you to the police *calls cop daehyun*
just step on me already
prepared for this pain
Je raconterais ma mort
I want mom. The real one pls
I just want someone to be there for me, like I am there for everyone else. Is that too much to ask??
This is awful, really hope somebody purposely started a fire at a primary school
Uffff Whenever I think of her
Missing bloc party's silent alarm gig in Dublin tomorrow, forgot about it and workin onsite
My head hurt reading that
remember when namjoon wrote poem for bts members during a run bts episode and he said he was happy he experience his firsts with bts
can I say hi at a show too?
wait if yall are dming eachother because you found out who,,, does that mean im really a dumbass
Facts
I had a mental break down sold the KTM to a shop and bought a....
Ahem
Harley
Run Ballad Mix, another superior song that is paid dust
Surprisingly Ibadan was good to us. But the sun!
i actually need to study so ill only be replying to dms wish me luck
Sturya ta ba balag as a friend
my grandma passed away late last night... it's why i wasn't at the tourney and for everyone saying that i
wow my only friend
I laughed at a video so hard yesterday I choked on my pizza and my throat still hurts
my queen
Woman ! especially when their health is not good into their 60s where's are empathy? in my opinion they
Probabaly ya. Message me and ill text you back when im out of the shower
You were a brave one
Yeah this face isn't good at everything
Why I am seeing VHope to Leo and Lucas. I'm--
You're lucky and very blessed. I should really find sperm donors.....
when you come back to Italy?
he really said fuck outta here this is my picture
I hope everything will be fine by the time i wake up tomorrow
Not ready for Thato to leave
I'm actually upset tho bc he's 6'4.... We can only trust short kings now
You are cheating on me as well ya
WHOS cause EXO just posted one but everyone is doing comebacks
What he so loud for
They all look so good, this is a dream come true. We have come far exols The drought is
But I like doing that
3 catches 41 yds, one drop.
Haysss
Nothing is sacred
let me suck you
Guess I better come clean aswell then... actually 12
Sorry but if you were a so what anti you appreciate what that song has given us live
my periods are near
Waking up to see that one of your childhood friends has passed away is heartbreaking. Prayers for and his family.
I try to not miss you but in the end i still do
I know life been fuckin us cause we even get tacos anymore
Jeles gila tngok org pi highlight cupsleeve event, freebies bnyk I am so jealous, very jealous
Rayshon had a dream I died
my crushshshsh which basically means now unfortunately food cannot text me
Yep, he's their Messiah. Could you imagine being that out of touch with reality and so gullible.
tired of waking up and trying to get this bread
yo
we live in a society
i had to say something it was bothering me
Being single is cool from Monday to Saturday, but not on a Sunday I could use some home cooked meal yazi.
still bottom ****** on this earth and worrying me sis
Wow I believe I missed the game
the l is an i by the way
I missed a NBA fight AND my Buckeyes losing because I was out being drunk
Well you can search for it before posting your answers. Its just I keep getting wrong answer for 1 questions. Only one!
he really is and awkward and im so shy so if i saw him id just wave
hopefully! Because you still have the album, but that song is gone
Yes , this was at my friends place and only instant coffee was available . No filter coffee so
the only bot that matters
To abide in His presence genuinely. I am tired of this go and come lifestyle
Such a pretty face but smile nyana nex
Am I praning or what
and how long since this
Remember when Obama was president and trump I miss those days
clearly you see factual
the dom in vmin
Taehyung
Kim Taehyung
KIM FUCKING
work for urself
everyone else is posting photos kind of want to too
Thank you so much for letting me know. Bird app almost gave me a heart attack.
I feel worthless
my mom had that once but she let me hit the blunt
Where does this little King want me to find kulikuli from this hot afternoon???
with this can people do it with me please
lily said she like 134340 should i revoke our friendship card
I miss the seminary days
wow.....deadass ........
Times like this I miss and on tv ... their takes on the and
Definitely going back to see my doctor tomorrow cause I know theirs something wrong with my stomach.
Help me to not ever do something stupid again
Elli broke me on this random sunday
eye got sad because Mono is coming out in 2 days then eye realized tomorrow
i just want nick home
Omg Xuan baby, see this bird app is bullying me please kick it for me
hey I want a friend will you be my mutual
Ugh. I don't want to go to mv today
I wanna say maybe september 2013 xiu combined with wolf era red untamed hair xiu but also this is so winter 2014 xiu too
laughing at other's misery is not ok
squirrels really seem to be asking to die
the sucking noises asmr never happened
Wish Mordred was real
i just want to be okay promise that's all
Aw boo, none in Extra Large?
Hi Kimberley, sorry to learn you're having an issue with your washer dryer Could you DM us your
youre just afraid of the truth
you guys voted for this niyaaz guy again
Wish I could sleep for longer so I can stop thinkin and feelin
Waaaah gusto ko na pumuntang condo trangkaso please leave me aloneeeeee
and this is actually me 10/10 no catfishing this time
Ai filha
I know becs has just lost her MIL
HSHDBDDBS probably because of my dialect
rm is really the best mixtape mono is gonna kill us
meu showheonho
time to move on
:( ilysm i give you the whole world
user once replied to me and still ignored my very question ok sweety, we know you didn't gain
I miss this queen
RIP Romero But at least he will reunite with Norma in the death.
Deepika Padukone confirms her wedding to Ranveer
he looks SO cuddly
they have a thing next week in manila
omg ur mind tumblr gif of guy with hands in did not suffice
Help, I lost my glasses but I need to wear my glasses to find them
jdkdidoxn jvous aime
did chan lose weight or am i delusional... i hope he's eating well
im cry again again and again hm
Oh no ive dress up ever year since my son was born.
Jackson looks so good what's new
my concert stuff!!! i was supposed to get a jimin set too but had some problems
The sun is finally out after weeks of rain.
thank you it was hard
Thank you for this. I was taught the same lie.
been looking at this for like thirty seconds and i seen a word yet just fated to be alone
I need you right now
or probably ive just never heard a native speaking
tuhod please give up on me. wag kanang sumakit please
I TRIED AJJDAKIOSD i really tried
Hey this one is a better shot.
im finally showing myself as the eggso trash i am... buckle up people
literally a daily occurrence. I woke up to a dm got all excited just to open it and see it was more slander
Im really out here breaking hearts when drunk lmao
The day that I can be pain free again post run will actually be up there with one of the best days of my life
wanna go home tomorrow
I just wanna get in my bed and watch law and order svu all day
Haysss effort wasted
moi ossi...
I know that struggle
I thought it might be blood sweat and tears LEAVE ME ALONE JDISSBSOSKSHDD
Why is it so hard to find a sugar daddy who want no sugar
i stan oikawa tooru the ultimate fashion icon if only he wore crocs more often he would've been perfect
Damn lil B. I remember you beating a lil white boy ass at the pool one time this shit wild mane. RIP bro.
We know now why she win. She was going to ask people to justify why they need to be help
the only man that knows how to respect winwin
Sorry, mblo. I shouldn't make you feel lonely at this point
aims orry
I miss vine so much
I have this one.
HDJDH
I was uninstalled my kkt. . .
hmmmmm
Yea putting me off
I miss Melvin Gordon.
the anime one is not leading
its th least i can do
I dont feel pain cause the world made me numb
so cold I even drive my fingers frozen
Is there someone out there who appreciate me?
God so sad I think ever move on from enlistment just...hard
It doesn't matter who i think is cuter to be with him when he only want kunkun without any reason
This is not a logic bro
someone was rlly paid forthis.. id fire them
I SAW YIXING IN THE TEASERRRRRR. I CANNOT AHHHH. I'm sorry guys. I just miss them and I want them to have a comeback together.
Gonna cram the entire sem in less than 6hrs. Wish me luck
honestly this tweet is a mood because the only thing stopping myself from buying this? that paywall
Eckeler has all the snaps to himself and is producing like getting his normal 30% share
I wish others would understand that they have to compare every single boyband to one direction
Why?? I told you it was a secret. Why?
Big Black is rlly gone
he needed u to get off his FL
YOU KNOW I LOVE YOU STOP
another day of being ugly LGTB
u also have a lot of international fans Erii... f only we could gather together WE LOVE YOU CHIBA ERII
My Garmin Forerunner 230 pooped out overnight thank you for the last 3 & 1/2 years of amazing runs!
Stay by my side i miss this two being together
I already corrected myself tho
seketika kangen ot8
Why tho
hey .. speak for me ..
foda
It's sad bc they make a huge comedy out of it and just ignore her respect yohane 2k18
Honey I would have promoted myself but then I Am married
You acknowledging the wrong Jojo
Stayblessed
i dread goin to work tomorrow...but at least mx cb d-day...literally the only thing looking forward to
Ow that's sad guess I'll just have to settle for this. He's flawless nevertheless
my phone is lagging and says exo just posted and i keep thinking something else happened and shaking but oh
Real depression hours starts now. Our kind of people.@raeyan16
aye me too
Yeah man love the Ace of Spades go become even easier to use, way too hard atm
If i had a brother things been easier
i have to collect myself. if i continue to let life events fuck me up masisira na talaga buhay koo malapit na tang inaaaa
Yall feel me?
oooh they softblocked me because they thought i was indirecting them. i had them muted though
FINE. tasia not funny
I Don dey road I go come carry you from that my bodyguard wey I put u wit some boys won take my
BITDHSHS IM CRYING I JUST love hanbin so much
I know I say this alot but I really hate myself chief
oh this tea
Feel your pain, as I've got one too (had it since yesterday)
holy shit jsjsjd wow my phone automatically cuts the call at 2
boo boo the fool,
im so sick new profile pic doe
I got excited for nothing
wait 10/23
Sad but true
People are sleeping on the roof of their houses
You can afford food more than I can do though
notice me little shit
Sometimes things don't work out the way you thought they would.
sorry for being so inactive school sucks you knoe
Sorry im so sorry
But e dey work most times sha
I go to see 5sos on Tuesday and I still know all the words to their new album, I am a fake fan
Good Morning
Woke Up Body Hurtin ..
Signs of the times.
im sorry hanbin i tried but im really bad when it comes to express my feelings
Don't brozone yourself and him. You obviously care about him morr than that and he does too. Why are you two like this.
Condolence mam.
Noooo! Don't burn it!
You got a reverse Charizard!!!!
Damn shame about the rest of the pulls though
what why
I has a giving up impro sad
Everyone does.
hELMI YOURE BEAUTIFUL JUST THE WAY U ARE, DOESNT MATTER IF U GAINED WEIGHT OR NOT! gramma's just being mean
yes I did then I used another device just incase but then it says that "adid is null"
sorry for being so inactive school sucks you knoe but i love you and bts sm pls don't frop me
sope stans are we still okay? when will they return from the war tho
it's fine ig...
This weekend in my sports life
Lost the house championship belt to in ping pong
blew
YALL DID I was so lonely
just be not taken during the event because i know who i want to be.
okay to dream sjsj. i love the quotes you put irene working hard
September 1st, 2018 aka the last day i was truly happy
May her soul Rest In Peace
Times like this I get really homesick and miss the comfort of home cooked meals and the company of my family
you right
i really would love it if you to got out of my head
So much rush in especially on on the billing counter....
tired...
72 degrees still not cold someone call the po po
I wish Evangelicals aka E-van-jokables believed in christ like they believe in politicians.
Please my baby is just so cute
When?
Sorry to hear that
Hope you feel better soon.
my beautiful joy icon by ane is over its been great
i want to feed my egocentric ass so please don't let me flop and fav this
Jo
Miss ko na bb wla kmeng communication
Dishing'a mwaeme
Keep seeing gorgeous clothes and I can't even afford 1 item my heart is sore.
The Steelers playing today so no football to watch
everyone acting like it was dark sided pls it was fun and the fanart was iconic wrong w
Can't deal with life today
thank u also you really doing the most for joon with monoadrift.
Everything make sense now, wish I could turn back time
Ur so hot
44 on my waist, rock Ross jeans
why r jezney n mya hard stans
Pity that I take Home.
Amsterdam, Netherlands
I miss her
BEGGING you to please tag your nsfw
They gon take off running.
hyuck saved the song tho
tumblr mutuals pls do ur thing
the disrespect of people that vape in public and exhale in my direction that shit smells amazing keep doing you
Seriously hope it was nothing I said paranoia
i just want my mf toes in mouth already
I miss matching band but this was cool!!
"allura belongs with lotor he's just misunderstood not abusive lotor loves allura
My neighbor will hire Ijaw highlife band to play in compound for hours
why r jezney n mya hard stans
Hahahahaha I told you only for news and current world issues. Im not some cool dude with a lot of influence
he still didn't tell us about the single
Please.
Bago pa
we love snake skin
These lasted 2 days in my class before someone broke one
im jus a confused dumbass
Siapkan assignmemt before 11 we can do this for exo! Goodluck
OKAY BUT REALLY, it says PERSON not ANIMAL so it will just be him not whatever the hell that animal is,right?
If Jongin won't comeback as my bias this comeback I'll celebrate. Junmyeon hold on tight
Not gonna lie, I'm feeling pretty miserable and down today But I know it will pass eventually and I'll be ok,
Because I'm booless
My mind needs to stop doing this to me before something bad happens
yeah someone said that the choreography of wlm is boring
I'm still into you.
Non
RIP mi compu
EXO IS ALWAYS OUT THERE MAKING US SUFFER
THANK U GDNDJDKL and yeah !!, get this boy a handsome bf.....at least raiden realizes bi later in life
I wish the ufc would morph into WWE attitude era. Shit would be epic also wish more ex nfl players would fight
Not in mood to study what should i do
My bestfriend been on my mind so heavy this week
I really do not want to go to the hospital again but I feel awful
i'm so sorry for this world is unfair to you
.44 on my waist, Rick Ross jeans
it's been months since i last watched anime too i only read nowadays
I miss the chin tickles
CAN YALL LIKE THIS ON
Damn pappy this shit is eating me up every day
eh, in teoria
I just wish I could call my mom one last time
minseok look so cute
go to get to the shower now lol... wow my phone knows I be on that freaky shit
blocking people who call u out for doing wrong coo
I'm sorry but I really miss you na.
bitch i was worrying
i recommended him i didn't say i liked him
i do like him but that's not the point
good morning i want to go back to sleep
You know, the sad thing is that I'll have to wait until I'm home from work to listen to mono tomorrow
ASH
My poor cousin
When Jungkook purses his lips
The sender should hit me up ASAP.
My mans Sehun did T H A T. Mayhaps for me to become a full time stan.
RIP to your water jug
Let him stomp me first.
A whole trip to umgowo
And the fact that they started counting afro-Mexicans in 2015 is truly sad the eraser is black
Sorry na
im literally crying reading this, been there done that
This is so sad, it be happening
why do u use sm emojis
Was sure something was wrong.
Now the explanation.
Hope it is definitely in the past.
That's the thing, her vocals are everything. She is simply Emotionless
- this is my first twitter au so pls judge too hard
- reply | quote
- hopefully you
This deserves more love cuz its so beautiful
They took my people I'm Heartless I'm Honest
I think it's cute
Maria Cary not live where are the real singers I miss visions of love days
Tjo who is going home
That's the original twt
the twt has been deleted by unfortunetaly
i listen, so i paid the consequences
Okay she seems upset about something. I just want to hug her now and make her feel loved.
United admin did though
should be forteen kan dik but nahh
if i get attacked again for this call the the fbi on you again
I wanna be like
bby
I wish
I look myself in the mirror and I know how I am anymore...
this little enby is going back to bed
facts I really thought I did sumn
does nickelodeon know how much money make if they did a big time rush reunion
tired of being tired
thank you
I realized .. I was too ugly
When you workout because of other things going on at your facility
Whatever it is stay strong
Lmmfaoooooooooooooooooo si te creo bro, Im finna cri at work too
i said domestic but theres always crack somewhere
If the second part u feel is true refer back to my statement .
Schweini's pace
Yea but they really think i have to stay at uni that week and i'll not be going anywhere
Danke
you'll be missed
she's probably throwing a piano on me
hes now rip in piece
Uh i don't know how to make a fault. Can you just arrest me because im too cute? Aint it gonna harm the world?
Rakamn ug just now oy
i just need to choose
me too what was ur old stan
Are you having a Yoongi breakdown too?
confirmation bias.
probs getting a snake thrown at him by david dobrik
jongdae, i also can't believe
I miss my bestfriend too
California, USA to visit my aunt
Felt that
time they put the thing to sleep goodbye
unfortunately
I'm truly sorry for words what i have done couple of weeks ago in my timeline.
So SORRY to Everyone
day 4245:
still no bbw to cuddle with
I need a new season on Queer Eye and Strangers Things in my life ASAP
do anything just to be happy again. just not myself no more.
Maybe the brewers lost cause I wear my brewers shoes this series
so cute and tiny
Did not want to spend my weekend crying
I guess that I'll never know
I feel like more invested in her wedding than her husband
I mean not wanting to kiss the groom. strange
Complete the mutual ? send ur
RIP
I just need someone to cuddle with me till I fall asleep.
My heart breaks to see this
Do you know any urban legends? If so, tell us about it! i
with occupation. hais i just cant imagine
Sorry but i cant take something from u that i already have
Aww you have Yoongi in LY tear U
I'm looking for this since I have the tear album oof
But nobody
All i can said is miss
It's taking every ounce of self-restrain to not roll for Kirio
I wish I knew how to do makeup
i would do this for Azealia banks
I shit.
Remembering is easy for those who have brains. But forgetting is hard for those who have heart.
missing
i wish i could wear beanies
lil sebastian a lil extra today
oomfs please donate some memes to me
SILA NMN SEMBREAK, AQ MAY PASOK NA
can junhoe post smth i want a junbin and i miss him
I like those moments in the fandom outcast did a very good job too at bringing armys together, our brain was on fire lol
it probably isnt i feel like the seelie queen once again selling everyone out for her own is gonna be
Man you have to go there
More
The Washington Catholic Archdiocese has released names of 31 clergy members
Free Pretty Hoe! I miss her
we
ph? that
idk if i should make the ramne i have at home or if i should get some fries from the train station
So last night me feet hurt so bad that I HAD to take my shoes off in the club
sorry for your loss too, E.
Once, we were Calcutta Parsis too. This film is making me feel both disconsolate and wistful for Cal.
Just stuff
im such a libra
how ilhoon gonna make me emo like this
Yeah I know what you mean
im waiting all day for someone to tag me
SAD Enough ??
I don't want to look at my face nowadays because of my pimples
i got unfollowed so
I don't want to look at my face nowadays because of my pimples
You gotta love yourself more
Any news on BURN THE STAGE THE MOVIE'S Release in Pakistan!?
Hate this! I had someone take photos of me and shame me online for sweating at the gym and it
lit but i just need them to collab again
I hate you
zena wont let me live in scotts lane
bring them back to me
My followers are dissapointed in me
AHUTUP U CAN MAKE A TWEEZ LIKE THAT ABOUT ME TOO...
my mom dead tryna make me go to church before the concert. nah im good just drop me off at the venue on your way my guy
Extra time. I don't know why but I don't feel like we're going to win this game. I hope I'm wrong.
I Donated a kidney. Had to do liver first. Live and learn.
he worth that much
Oh no true we will need something more than that
text me if you need to talk love. I hate to see you down like this.
If only
I feel like im not good enough for everyone.
missing too weird tho
wait to have my own place
really want both of this but sadly i don't have any photocrd to trade with
Very sad indeed
My condolences to the family and friends.
this course gave me a lot of curse
Yes
What school is open at this gasps. I dont know that drinking cola is causing you drunk, Bayi
I dont understand why i love this weird
to me irls: brace yourself for the next 1 week
we literally kept saying today or tomorrow JDDJDJ maybe if u listened to me
omg that's cute
Kneehab set back about 6 weeks
So I heard this thing. & I personally wanna seek apologies from Tahir Shah for ever saying bad about
falhei king
zena wont let me stay in scotts lane
i went from youtube, break, 1D, loooooong break, PM
TI AMMO YO GAMIN NALAKA AMIN PARA KANYAK
Vas a morir...
r u single ive always been single my whole life
Simgularity is still such a good song i love it so much
not at all impressed with King B this week. He can do so much better
this is a lot
Wena ska bolela nix because ophela ole busy
Please stop :( why we all be friends
but growing anytime soon
omg this is too funny
please be extra careful of what you say
Do you enjoy the sound of my heart breaking, Dani?
Sorry luv bug.
From Brasil? But I still love you
He's awful!!
this is going to end poorly
It wasn't planned my cousin fetched me from my peace for a chillas, next thing i know re ma'chineng
I hated it
The first one is definitely me on Monday morning
I,,,
she's shy
I think it's time we separate
this is so sad
Yes baby
Just got some terrifying news
He's on a book tour
A girl can only dream
he owns my so f t soul
.
I can't believe it's already Sunday ...
The day awaits!
.
The mushroom show may need to be forfeited today
Sucklaugh!
Man we are one in the same right now!
also apparently 138 days is a year and a half... then 11 ish months... then googled it and asked if he
it be ya own code
that exo teaser sound too bad but at this point be grateful for anything that sound like power or kkb
ok i have no more questions pls keep asking me stuff
*sad yeehaw*
Here we go again
come get ya female she actin up
I was there for 3 other day I was dying, no hoes there either
i need mark's own solo sing where he's gonna both rap and sing i suddenly miss him so much can he just give me a hug and cuddle with me
Sepanx. It's only been 5hrs
The sunshine always turns to rain..
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he
i wanna see
are tooooooo funny. Im so sorry you were raised to be irrelevant
I need que here
ily..
I'm so sorry for doubting you
It's tiredness & stress
my weakness
Sort of just disappointed depressed and over it but these people see me with my head down
DJDJJSSJ please it probably is we going soft hours
if u mean Free Free then after wednesday
mariah really loves her asian lambs i have to cry
gotta tell you the truth dad.. this boy don't have anyone who like him romantically
miss more at night baby.
I tried watching iron fist on Netflix I last very many episodes
He's so pretty
Live he's 232662x prettier
me: booger
phi: is she cursing at me FFKFKCKFKKFKSKDKSKCJCKDKJDJDJDKDKDJJDDJJDJDJDDJDJJD i love u phi
actually, I did
imagine being noticed by taylor i relate sadly follow me on tumblr repytation
u need a good hair cut
achei essa carinha fofa
YOURE SO CUTE AHHHH I LOVE YOU SO MUCH HAJOONIE we goin uwu hours
Right !? Would love to try
I will always remember smile that nigga made you happy just seeing him smile Rest In Peace Jk
Still get my shts together
Ngapain coba pose pose kayak gitu
24hrs of sleep plss
Modern football
like this if i can dm u
I can never catch a break man like damn
Tesco is not the place for me find out this. Fuck.
your trust in me is sweet
I'm literally skipping most of my classes tomorrow for this bangtan sonyeondan sh*t alexa play pied piper
I knew I shoulda started tyrell Williams sick
moot pls be my friend
Shit sorry ... I didn't read that "whole album Streaming " sentence ... Sorry really
Seems to be slowing down a bit , I missed out on a pair of ed80 recently , went for forgot the listing was ending
I really wanna like Ameries album but every song sounds exactly the same.... and a lot of auto tune.
This is exactly how I feel.
Hi Cindy get lost
shouldve realized after ilhoon
You gotta take loses . You just have to
yixing really filmed 4 MUSIC VIDEO in JUST 3-4 MONTHS
Guys please doakan my sister cepat sihat
not a full english. barely even half
Its not him, sadly
RK, I miss you terribly
it's the master key sis it fits every heart
Momo is down to 4th place
Really.... Ah OK. Still don't have the courage to
I wish we sang this last night but they had like 7 shots on net after almost two periods
You and me, last left standing probably We going to be sailing that ship on our own.
You never notice me
I love you anyway
sick of crying
lets not be alone together
I just looked st my fire characters and ummmmmm maybe I be doing high Midgard
Dont make me cry this morning
exactly!!! i have no clue
We'll get through this
gotta make up yo mind man
i cannot now become the type of person that uses their phone until 1%
they were also lost in lucky one's labyrinth..when will they stop being lost
again my friend not good sorry to hear
I feel like getting out the bed but I want French toast.
IM FUCKING SICKKKKKKKKKK
I need to quit 4,6 and 8. But how? I can't help it sometimes
+ the choreo this really made me think about my heterosexual tendencies... im so sorry m*mmy i wont do it again
Home sickness level 1000
I love him so much
When you try and do a nob gag in a kilt photo at a wedding and then your niece wants to be in the photo too
Summer imy
Well we're hoes for them what do u expect
In my feelings
In church hungry I cooked breakfast
he looks cute
wait i wanna go to the miami show SO BAD
so is zhengting a top or a bottom
syd... the drum and the flat is the whole entire wing
I know what it is but after every meal I have I feel sick
im disappointed at myself i didn't come up with that one
I just wish you're here beside me
i watched live last night and KNOCKED OUT MIDWAY, im so
i meant of zara and bts why is this how i live like? why do i live off breadcrumbs?? what did i do to deserve
donghyuk stop appearing on my tl this is hanbin's day
Haiyo! Naaalaaikku
I would never want to hurt you. Who is making you say that
chanyeol still looks cute
horrible with words but my birthday so
I got Hoseok and I'm sad I had jimin and Jin but flip flopped
it's been short lived but mullet jongdae will be missed
Happy Sunday! Enjoy left of the back to the grind tomorrow! Sigh Here is the Paul pic of
Damn now I realize what Ross was saying in 2012 when he said life so in stay schemin
Oh well I never got the opportunity to, reading it anyway
passodaki isme bak old but gold
Je compatis
that split between 2014 & 2016,,,,, has it really been this long
nobody reminds me of this thread a failure
oh and 5:36PM
in conclusion :
we need a collab
can someone give him a tight hug and wrap him on a bubble wrap when i can't
someone motivate to get cute so i Can take cute pics
okay we got an ot9 teaser but can i still get an ot9 group pic i need to see them all side by side
Sometimes, Mike prayers and quotes are just for me at the right time.
I miss them so much
damn none of yall love me huh
Woke up this morning with my grandma and uncle on my heart heavy and all I could do was cry R.I.P I love and miss
but im evelyn besson
the truth
i was waiting for angry birds
own
sorry you have to deal with that. Nerve pain can suck it.
Oh my "Little Asoke" you look sad and lonely.
excited
stay strong Jeremiah, this hurt my heart
I used to call her b first
i rly hope im not getting sick
rip this look
Your loss i feel bad
Depends when u feed our cows in heart shape so I see them thru my window when I wake up
You all did this to me
for the plot
i thiught we were dating?
rip i mean maybe be brave out of nowhere if we ever see him
nak tanya online ticket for burn the stage kat KL bila je boleh available
Idk why I expect to wake up to them every Sunday but it never happens
It's not fair to be that great, good looking, rich, have super model wife at the same time. Not fair
Sixers coulda had him
SUNGGUH AMAT SANGAT TERAMAT MAAF YG SEBESAR BESARNYA
my tights still come
Sorry
Mara it's true hey he was just too much
oh.. is it really..
i still have no idea what on about
ur so so pretty
i really wanted to join
I did too much....now i'm not doing enough
i hope everything is fine
oh fair fair queen of academia
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet
This is unfortunately so true
i believe now become the type of person that uses their phone until 1%
every emma / madison disliking oomf has to look away on my ig tonight im posting madison for oomf
Idk who you are anymore
We did not like to see Kim-Joy so upset on this weeks So something to make you smile! You still
been watching videos of yoongi for the past hour & missing him terribly
I just need human warmth
in love with you
That's a new low I feel so sorry for him, he needs to be left alone
Rapunzel
ah well yes sorry about that
Yoongi is really like the best friend that constantly drags you but also is the first to stand up for you
absolutely not... thank you so much lauren I love with like all my heart
He was truly The One for me
drink it without us? That hurts
worst case scenario
when will I ever
food sounds good
they keep disrespecting my corey im getting sick! of! it!
Man I tried
sad because I got a bad reaction to something and only chin is breaking out I feel ugly
pls u've not convinced me oo
nobody wants such a beauty working for them the costumers will feel threatened
han jisung is the cutest person alive look at his cheeks im soft
a proud to my ults Hug Hug
God why you make me musically talented
dois bobocas
Rasa nak delete everything and idk why i feel like haihhh
Not be nsfw but I wanna give him a bunch of besitos
If i let you hit my pen you owe me a kiss
I wish i could do some freelance writing but im also wishing ikea calls me and i have a real jobs...
Evan said too early to order pizza never felt so hurt and betrayed in my entire life
this is sad someone dm me
Damn bro ! I need to step my saints gear up
Still pretty amazing that recycle cooking oil as a fuel for their trucks but accept your reusable coffee mug
yea, it's oversubscribed every time i've thought of that before too! but for the time being, i'm
I have to follow my mom to church and I can't get out of it cause it's been more than a month since I've sent with her
We are literally an hour from home but nope, my sister wants to get food at wimpy
OMG I WAS FOLLOWING QUIRKLOSS!!! he didnt complete the mutual tho so he was insignificant
Kalaaaaaaahh
We're seriously sleeping on our indie artistes
*year
if im rich enough i'll probably pay someone to hold my hand and watch netflix w me but here we are
C-camila cabello and e-Ed sheeran
so much harder than I could have ever imagined
Thanks sister, love you!
Lord, help her to heal please
I wish (and I CANNOT STRESS THIS ENOUGH) I had an Italian greyhound yee to the haw
I'm so scared of the future. Hold me
wanting to start again? do i ever feel like a plastic bag drifting through the wind wanting to start again?
it really sucks I could totally write a better storyline I bet
too cute
ill just . fail my final goodnight folks
My first anxiety attack of the day is brought to you by... NOTHING ! Nothing at fucking all
//: my beloved one. cih.
felt sad since 1am last night (this morning?). Idk why tho
why i seen any on my way live performances
I have the link a-anymore
I miss yoongi
babyy you're the cutest little thing i've ever seen in my life
still crashes at 15 secs now
Q fome MDS
hi guys ily i'm sorry if I'm being inactive
ugh yo tambien and i also want to gIVE HIM A BIG HUG
I miss deanne so much
IF ONLY IM LIVING IN THE US I CAN GIVE MY 100% SUPPORT FOR NAMJOON TO GET ATLEAST TOP10 ON BB200 AND BB100.
I liked a video STOP HARASSING COKE STUDIO - Sana's Bucket
Today is going to be tough
Hola! Me sale esto, me ayudas pls
omg how romantic i love you
[Idm] baru liat ini dong :) lagi maskeran langsung cracked semua :) name another biggest jin biased
the struggle is real bro
The black dog is on me today.
She looks sad
is anyone selling spiderman on ps4
WOW, be missed whole squad taking a FAT shot in ur name bet
please send me pictures of charlie cox i just received the most tragic news and the only person in this world that makes me happy
i wanna date a black man fr
my baby daddy makes me so proud
a struggle
Sometimes i lost myself you know? Being a student is the most most most beautiful life i had. Incredible life i
Indy I would love to know what you mean but I and kind of scared
Rip Goodboye 200(?)-200(?)
i hope they don't sensor that shit
all the fansites bringing back pics of hanbin during bof 2017.
I need someone to talk
Why not me God so perfect
Power and heat out all night, but back on now. stiff but ok. Kitchen make it Does anyone
same (btw not)
We going full joon soft hours all of tomorrow cause a bitch is really gonna go through it but at the
no bitch the whole ex'act except cloud 9
erh the quality went so bad on twitter sorry
You'd say people in LA are used to celebs so if there was anywhere he could be "normal" it would be there. Guess not
My grand-daddy would have been 83 today. This day sucks more every year that gone I miss my best friend
5 years ago today & my heart still aches.
I miss beating on the sears in front on me
Hey :/ just came back online to this...
Can everyone please report
When will this shit end tbh
Ya - annoying because they gave someone a free win
My hair is falling out
yes a panicked gay. yes a dom. yes we exist.
tuff
i tried to be like and failed hard
a palestinian maluma look alike followed me and i nearly died thinking it was maluma
What if Jongdae's mullet is fake like Baekhyun's?
I seriously miss running in the morning
pffff
feel like pure shit just want the Bosco bitches back
im just stating the facts
It's bleak at the minute isn't it!
Imagine, saving oneself whilst burning out
also.... i still love her
when will follow me
im sorry
Sigh
I know when i saw him live i cried
thank u im trying u have any idea where the spoiler bits are chapter wise ? will i have to wait a lot
I feel like masturbation is better cause after I nut I lose feeling in my dick females get to keep going
I feel bad that I see him get baptized today
i accidentally unpinned my thread and i cant find it
Where do they go?
kokobop have dancing i doubt this one will either
Quite honestly probably a feature and not a bug.
That's why I hate spazzers posts(not all but most) ...they are outdated and cringey and they always spread false info .......
aww.. the "maybe" part... real talk
I really hope Sakura could still keep her Jfans and even support them as
Wooow you be doin me so wrong lately
its called self care
i wont ask you to stay and i dont want you to leave
so sad ariana has gone through a tough year stan list
Okay but is my kirstin tattoo actually ugly?! I thought it was pretty
I miss beating on the seats in front of me
my dms sending so
This is me
What did nct do to you
UGh im so insecure about my nose i hate iT. if u have a cute nose ur lucky
That's why I like them. But yea poor my account.
On Wednesday would be the 2 year anniversary of Arianaworldupd2 but it's over he got suspended forever he turned 2 years old
Thank God had not sung yet...was worried I'd miss her. She doesn't look herself though I'm worried
i miss s1 klance dynamic
JFJSKDKKE WIG i wish i could watch it w u ill also make u watch illang
those choreos are superior too but Boy is just on a different level
i know how it feels. this is what happened to me recently. but...
Doubting ideas
we've got that movie coming
eu tambem nao consigo acredita jongdae
i am still not over these i will NEVER be over these. yall didnt hype them like they deserved
i love you
okay just singing a twice song.. he sleep either
i thought i was ready
quite rude
can he please stop wearing things that I like it work out well for me
just uncultured and appreciate the finer things in life
There is no sorry for ya
how I wish you followed me too sir
Love story
On Wednesday would be the 2 year anniversary of Arianaworldupd2 but it's over he got suspended forever before he turned 2 years old
so sad ariana has gone through so much stan list
True
I wild out on twitter anymore guys
ik time to move out of sweden since not swedisg anymore
Leave me be
my trends look so ugly
beyond me how anyone could kill an elephant
He ain't that small. You couldve given him a little more length
Hoseok moved on to tae, sope is no longer available for interaction
the sun and lighting makes it look so hot
I'm so sorry about your loss and I wish I could take all the pain away I'm sure Pan misses you
Has Proverb not gone through enough?
I would so do this bro but I live in Australia
Oh you're bleeding rn
Lost too much talent this year
RM mono
not around much but
Wooow now I want head
Unfortunately yes
go back
was their relationship even toxic tho?
this took 40 years to post and it even let me half the vids i wanted to add go support
start my new job tomorrow and I'm still sick
i need your shoulder to lean on
I never wanna feel this hurt again I just wanna feel your love again no one has ever loved me the way you do. my heart
trop triste
If only Iraqis themselves knew also
but i like music
i'm such a dumb bitch ugh i weighed myself after eating 5 slices of pizza and im not happy with the result
Sam smith - i'm not the only one
I have an outfit
kdmsmdkwkw naka leave ako next week oof pero pupunta akong up graphic party sa friday
i had rice in a few days and now craving it really badly
Sorry about that Alli
But you did look amazing
Maybe people just weren't ready for it.
Wooow you tryna expose niggas crazy and all they wanna do is treat you right, believe women 2018
bitch yes
she blurred the background i bet they also waited outside yoga class smh crazy stalkers
but seriously fuuuck the quality its so clear on my phone
Heart is aching
non merci beaucoup ily
wanna be problematic again but i get suspended
I was watching tae x fem idol for a quick but ended up shipping them for real they have similar taste ??
3. never and will never have a man
gmmmm.... just answered 18 dms.. cant feel my thumbs who wants to kiss them better
can someone pls.... CHAR
idk what he saying but i felt that
Thanks for the spoiler I guess
long shift today come say hi
I miss xiumin's black hair
Ay fanele iShift-e inqondo manje from iWeekend to Monday (work)
you seem short pretty tho
gossip girl really messed w my head bc i want to wear bows and hair accessories but im too old to do so
I wanted Nosipho to stay hle
alphabetical order a is the first letter right
The hate Jennie gets hurts me
Imagine how she feel when blinks and other fandoms wants to destroy her
Sad
bUt what if one does care who he is losing ?!?
No inspirational quote for such people?
pretending to be asleep so I don't have to make breakfast
Ydighdtaufgdvk it's bc of Seth
Start sending me love and affection
I just want curly fries man
I wait either
Is it season yet?
So sad parang first time ata
I'm so tired
It bothers me that people like me are already moaning though
When I actually learn it.
the beach in my ass
it be ya own school
I had 3 items on my shopping list and came back with 20. I have a serious problem
The same for me.... don't have very much luck with you as a fan
I miss being able to breathe out of my nose
Kinda mad my hubby didnt plan better since we will be in Kansas next weekend not this weekend lol nervous for this cut off race tho
i wish
Nothings a secret anymore
damn rejected again huh
the teaser affected me
twice comeback on my birthday thank you so much for my life
feel bad if I do Jacob cus he told me to use this song but a perfect audio for Thomas and Diego
But she's a rapist
HELLO THRIVING FAM IM A BASIC BITCH AND CREATED A TWITTER ACCOUNT BUT AT LEAST IT'S NOT AS BASIC AS TUMBLR
You already ordered elsewhere?
me either but there are some good one on at the moment
Thats my baby
homecoming was a BUST
was worth a try
Because TOO tired with everything
11:11
it really be like that
It's only going to get worse with brexit
rip
NO YOU JUST SAID THAT TREVOR IS THE TREE
I wish someone could call me this
Life ain't fair bra..
I have friends
this is just a cycle. love. get hurt. love. get hurt. love. get hurt...
Hes not gonna say anything I guess
a bop but not the best
3 more hours n then I can go home
KKKKKKKKKKKKKK MIM DEIXE
but god i NEED to finish it... its gonna be weird without mods tho, everythings Uglie
I miss my 3 besties Jas Nales and migg we most definitely having a 3day outing thanksgiving break .. use to
queen of being ignored irl AND on the internet
sometimes i feel bad when people send me twt screenshots on it's in nightmode... people really live like that
Currently tweeting by the gate coz where network at the price of data these are not problems any South African should have
both of their albums were critically acclaimed and the grammys are all up on that diversity and inclusion gig so
years
SHUT UP BRI I LOVE N MISS U SO FUCKING MUCH :((( COME AND KIDNAP ME N WE CAN LIVE TOGETHER FOREVER
you stretched out my shirt
Btw besok gw UTS Chan
anyone want to play sploon with me
so hard to find pants that fit as a short girl.. they either too long or fit my fat butt
still thinking about this
both of their albums were critically acclaimed and the grammys are all up on that diversity and inclusion gig so
And like that, you ended our future with no explanation
PLSSSSS BAHAHAHA hes too nice to sue
It's red coloured honey
going to korea to be with my oppars and uknees then
plankton was just tryna make his bread
Teach your mom too then
Family stuff today. Stream delayed to tomorrow.
Sadly I can only speak one but I'm learning French but I'm TRASH at it
So tacky
My Hisense tv log back into my DropBox account since changed my password I need a better TV
I just want my own place
been over a month starting to recover
like this
im gonna do one of those tweets to gain mutuals but watch me flop
Wow..... so true Noah..... one like = one eye contact.
i just never grew up around disney
I am so glad this week is over. Its been super rough lately.
dyslexic
Lights will guide you home
Bb waste your time with them. argue to no damn end,
Wheein has 6 letters, so does buucin
what
why don't you mention my name?
random: you can't eat water
person who invented soups: we'll see about that lmaooo
Bummed that I get out to the this year! work, life and the crappy weather just
Life sucks man
so sinong mag-aadjust??? ??? chAROT siyempre ako
really sad
I'm so emo right now. I still can't imagine not seeing WINNER and iKON perform live.
I done any October activities
LIKE i was watching the live stream back and thought i saw something move next to mitch
Honestly rubbish. I have nothing exciting or interesting to say. I hope not permanent
why do i wanna swerve to felix's lane ,,,, the i am you era is doing him blessings wish my puberty hit me like how it hit him
the trailer is so so cute and the revelation as a background music
Honestly. I was so disappointed
smoggy gets to touch constantly damons ass at gorillaz concerts
It Will Stays Forever
miss ara just slandered my drawing skills, miss elly, jamie and cha pls be nice when you see my drawing in your letters
IKR gravity is such a pretty name aswell, and Stormie Bree is gorg
Army-ls are braver than the marines
I hope she sees this chief
im. about to do the same now tbh
You'd think Lionel Ritchie could afford to buy his own crypto...
No
I hope you feel better soon
who else is blocked by
smoggy gets to touch damons ass at every gorillaz concert
Please stop bullying me
hmmm
but
...
on a side note, when are you moving?
sorry its me
This makes me sad ugh
i miss being a starlight uwu
Thank you so much for the support it feels better to have comments that are not like these
not really happy with this one but the best i could do i had to make the brown but shooky
After I did some kneeling
I really wish I could shake this feeling
YOU DONT HAVE TO WYD. At least you were right about the month But anyhoo, that is also mean we
All goes good then it all falls down
I actually got excited but then I remembered she has a backup
Gru
right
I really really REAALLY want a harry cut-out like this but main ek desi maa ki beti hoon
thank u zeia u made me feel a little better again
total numbers, both for the and
5+ years now
How about daegu line member?
its been a lovely 5 months...
I am so sorry to hear this are you having difficulties streaming or just general browsing? ^Sinabo
Thanks lovely! just not created any new content or finished my eBook off so feeling a bit crap xxx
to this day these excerpts from The Once And Future King still hurt me
I can't wait to come back to the south
Bro SKJD this is the best VLIVE i miss these three together
I have sister scoliosis
why am i so tired
Aux God and handling it
Wish I could vote. But I'm outside the UK so I don't know how But I love your lads. They're amazing
I dont know either
the rose, biggest crackheads
even when jojo siwa sarah can tell me
wow novia....i love it so much
I want to die will you bring me a zicam from the medicine cabinet
ALL your friends?
Hey guys- I'm up and being all productive n stuff I will be back on later today I miss you guys
I took this picture last night at like 4am and I look dumb but at least I'm real
Every time I see this video I even have to open it, I just hear her voice automatically in my head
i keep bullying him in the hopes that back down. but he keeps coming back stronger.
Sad but true
so sad
i've been stanning exo for 3 years and 6 months and i'm still crying everytime they drop a teaser
ive deleted my instagram account my ig mutuals i'll do a new one after spm.....
then she cant come
Sad to see my baby Nosipho go
I initially ended that tweet with a "bad word", for full effect. But I couldn't follow thru with it, even as a joke...
thinking about skam italia rn and I be
Mayhaps I am too
perfect duet - ed sheeran & beyonce
So confused. Feel like my whole life has been a lie
Shes too cute for this world
What is Matthews saying? Ubizwe ngubani?
i stop listening to kiss and make up
it's not your fault!!! it's all me
he just... struggles with what he WANTS! like make up your mind boy please
it sucks being an overseas fan
Men are trash parhne ki itni adat ho gaei ha k isey b pehli baar wo e parha
Thanks for compliment
okay i guess i can make sacrifices for u
Yes please
the way he just benT THE ALBUM LIKE THAT BREAKS MY HEART but so cuTe,,, i cant be mad
tummy
Did they have to play with my heart like that? I see how it is
this baby is so excited for his hyung i'm so sad
Rest in power, Baba the Cosmic Barber
U just waste ur money... Why u say jackpot
cause never know when will they be gone forever
te ama
block me queen
Girl whet I wish someone took mine before I did
im self conscious about my name now ill just keep going by lance on this acc
in a state where i dont have money n no one is willing to hold my HAND
Hard same. I'm sorry to hear that are you back at your flat now? X
anyone have any theories abt my au?
I LOVE it ouffffff ma'am teach me your ways
and still nobody loves me what a day
Bro my race on ps4 that you used to support me in
Yang paling rempong, gambarnya gak keload misuh sendiri. KENAPA SIH TENTAKLE TENTAKLE HUMOR JINJJA.
Finished T4. Very disappointed
Feels
wish I was a hot girl
no matter what i do they say that im wrong
21 Oct it's been a year I am so glad
Pipe down lanky lol
Asked this girl if she understood this, it flew right over her head
THIS TOOK ME 20 MINUTES let it
when are you bringing out more and merchandise? You never seem to answer any of questions
Not bts tho
Hold up, you telling me I got three midterms this week? Smh
3 years ago
i always thought jk would be buttercup
27. the giver by lois lowry
28. pralines and cream
29. i cant choose
30. the one that i want lo-fang
LIKE I DONT EVEN CARE ANYMORE GKDKD literally not interested anymore
lick shoulder for 5cent
So much to do but all I really want to do is be in bed
been sick all weekend (a cold, sore throat and on top of that a sinus headache and ear ache/possible infection lol)
Literally forgot about my arm pain because my mouth hurts so much
don't be sad, we're in this together. the time will come okie...
I feel like my mother be avoiding me like I'm really hurtin' rn
oo na lang chz henlo HAHAHAHA
whoops i accidently blocked im sorry
My whole body aches seriously I'm so ready for half term
I'm gonna get a "You matter" hoodie because I matter
I can't resist this feeling.
Same
hyunjin gracias por tanto
not even opposing u
OKAY AND???? been hard
I realized but still stressing i need reach this level
I feel bad for my moots from that "gain moots" tweets bc they want mutuals and then they have to deal with my annoying ass
i just started playing with my hair and let me tell this shit is so crunchy .. why did i decide to go blonde
why don't you mention my name?
top 10 images take before a disaster
Was a bad Tory
three labels u identify with? I know actually
Work and I gotta go back today my feet hurt bad asf
well he says it like even need so me mistaking it for that bad
been less than three months and already 92% forgotten... say i see that coming
home alone at my best house LMAOSHSHSJ time to stan sf9 someone HELP i only know inseong
I do not want to work today
Owell there goes that!
I'm trying to be humorous lol. I failed
Another typical day of pathological lying and most of the press seems to allow it without question sadly.
just tired and wanna go home and nap. But break is over and I need to get back to work now.
i wanna stay up late but i got back from school at 4 pm and got like 30 minutes nap
Wheres ana when you need her
FINE I THINK ABOUT IT WHEN I WAS WRITING IT THO
The desire is there, but the money
vals not active anymore tho
thoughts on alyssa which one , i know two i-
its because of her boobs nico deserved better
Yeah life sucks we take things out of contexts and then we die
i wanna go back to kr and buy the phone case at bt21
no
Is this what they called PCD? Can't sleep
I feel so down grabe
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
Story of my life
Shall I? Or shall I not?
never, go and make good money to support you too. make sure bighit pays me well
truly unbelievable we are still going through / dealing with this shit in 2018 WTF
imissyou
I must be muted. I wonder why.
Its his seat
7/14 ft Ialy Makamingawwwwwwwww
(c) Marrie
I'm convinced people don't follow me back because of my bio nara voice: stop talking about mimi's hands, you're embarrassing yourself
Safee just the highway
nsnsns perhaps i am
I've been trying so hard. but people seems to forget for who i am hati lembut xnak hilang kwn. at the moment
My heartfelt sympathies to you.
what if u wanted to go to heaven but god said nah remember when u pre-order mess up my tempo
miss shots
That makes me so upset. You guys work so hard everyday.
CONTINUING so jm was like if he hates me fall in love with yoongs HOWEVER PLOTTWIST he forgot about the notes
sorry yall i need to hype this up a lot bc im rlly broke
Why does this make me sad
I miss this map
I wanna be an actress guys
He got me BAD chief
I had Taco Bell delivered yesterday and my chalupa was soggy
Bortles or Manning? Godwin or Calloway? start Mike W this AM
Mdrr que c'est dommage
i suffered so why won't my fellow taegist not?
i tried and made textnow accounts too but it wouldn't go through !!
Just out here trying to shake hands with my serotonin
i really be out here like
/ \
/ \
Don't think kirstin is going to see my tattoo
i went through her entire acc now im at the point where the doesnt edit it so the thread it [Closed.]
wow sworn I followed you
Pls overpriced shipping is worse than Trump and Theresa May put together
KSKDKDK *me* that's a fatass mood
My earpod is officially dead
2014 - 2018
when u figure out how to do that please tell me i need prompto to promptop me and fuck my brains out
We came back home
Hope you have a good life without me miss you
SIGH even worse an ARMY and i stan EXO. I must be the devil
b-but...
I think time I got visit my boy & smoke a couple blunts with him
So sad no words...
G daughter Maddie is in ER intestines sucked into each other may require surgery she is 1
ugh i broke my cord that charges my phone already a good day
I can make a movie. I don't feel like showering right now
Dina and me snapped today
Ya'll dont know how excited i just got thinking was just tweeting at me lmao.
L. Bell went early in my league too. That team is hurting, even though he beat me last week.
Stop hype
I been home in two days because every path to reach my house is flooded
if only i get to meet nct like her sigh whenn will oppa notice me
can you stop being absent, im tryna see you nd love u :') ill work on it
Plan was to do jobs after climbing, but I'm so worn out and chill now I just want to recline and play Spider-Man
iniisip ko na din kasi ang magiging mv gurl which is a compilation of memories huhu im hurt
Had a dream that I got a new dog, woke up disappointed
that was just a keyboard
hayy nakakalungkot, i don't get to see my love tomorrow
That one win disconnect cost me gold 3. Instead of feeling down focus on the fact I see myself getting
Not quite the weekend planned unfortunately finding all these little surprises a bit tough but hopefully as
so pretty
I wish ing ani mi permi
I feel bad that I haven't used my weekend to write.
Sometimes life gets in the way of things
someone teach me love words in tagalog i only know mahal kita and swear words </3
Wish that was me behind you but I have a bbc like
(FT) Cratloe 1-14 Ballyea 1-20
Hahahahahaha fineee i'll let him top once or twice
Kaduna is all heated up .... kd Why
I know I am.
Sometimes I just miss the world would be a better place.
The life of a millennial is so hard
Wish I could say the same...
Estefania ate cookies, Mads ate pizza rolls...
Making a girl hungry at 4 am...
Wait please explain why are we a monkeys
i need some advice on tax. any tax people in twirra land ?
have i ever told u whipped as fuck for u bc i am
There's no namjoon's stan in malaysia ? Im sad
He wasted my time and energy, I wrote a whole ass essay to him about how great he was
i WAS right but that was my past
Tell that to time
i just wanted to know bc it makes me happy when i make people laugh well i laughed
shut up sushi is good you just know what having a good taste in food is
save us pls this line is all fucked up and dumbasses keep cutting
what thing
Pobre Ong.
Marcus Mariota deserves a better team
i thought libras were tight
Omg i mean dont get me wrong about this, im a hard stan but its fun for me if its w someone i love
How to delete tweet
Look at us being emotional over little things like this we truly were desperate for OT9
I will
you're welcome
Who else is having a boring sunday .. lets know our self
I don't remember voting for this what tag did we use?? Im so forgetful.
Hood run for this years JPICE LNM sad we are almost out of the tournament. But we still have 2 more games left.
I have a confession to make.
I soll'd my channle.
Choices follow me back challenge
Damn shorty sent me this shot I miss these days lol my face tho lmfaoooo
ITS SO GOOD TF I CANT AROP LAUGHINGJSJXBD pls tell me no angst
no lip chain
i think im gonna finish watching the punisher i hope kastle disappoint me
omg
HUHU been trying to find a way out but i still can't fix it have you fixed yours yet???
Our president deserves that money
hope im right
Magani dai ba kullum ake sha ba, but food? where the money is. Shi yasa mata basa sonmu
free my lil brada moe
he was kinda aiming for the face
However, the bikers are unable to resist the temptation and reenters the cube
Do you have netflix I do that's how I spend my spare time from 12 hr shifts at work
late night talks please hays insomnia
Very heart broken , I think she could have done better than thando on her second song
wait i'm kind of confused could u explain what happened please
So all the good games late today.
I feel left out
I could never, so brave
And most of the press does not care
You'll be at a kid's birthday party. The pizza isn't free
Night
Peace of mind and heart. Please.
Vou ouvir breathin.
.@BTS_twt rly out here bridging cultures
Linval inactif
In an Athens state of mind getting ready to pull out.
Aku lg ingin chattime
// can i add you too im lonely and new to this game
I really believe they went through this this is horrific
sHUT UP i love him but not his furry side
Not at you posting the Tokyo Photobook scans when I've been sad about it the whole weekend
Going back to mahhh hometown in January So crazy how much time has flown by, makes me kinda sad
u really snapped with this one huh
OMG! You have to see this. > 100 shares & 3 .
luis hinario dms di
My respects to Urias and his family for the loss May she rest in beautiful peace
OMG! You have to see this. > 100 shares & 3 .
Where is it, coz I'm horngry...
Thank You For Your Service
confusing having the same name as an idol
Yea.. whoever I wake up I instinctively check twitter, even knowing see something bad
The devil probably won't be defeated
just want you to follow me
This is rigged
and yet they say us mellenials know manners
sorry for not updating guys
damn i really thought i was doing something i just saw het and thought of you KDJDSJJSSJ
Thank You For Your Service
In the mood for my to be stroked and throat
I swear one of the maintenance people took my jersey. I can't find it anywhere lol fek
The last good song rocky made
I feel you. But a decent video is quite expensive...but sesikhathele of seeing them smoking
why im like this
Tired of being single
DJDKKD i thought lixlees was cute
ugh then come to charlotte
Ever shit in her pants? No she can't.
I really believe they went through this this is horrible
Maybe
Always be considerate
was a mourning alicia quitting dyking
When you want some chick-fil-a but you forgot it was Sunday .
was a mourning alicia quitting dyking
if anybody knows the deadline for senior portraits pls lmk
Then maybe all of that wasn't real love
is whole social media is dedicated to jack
How feeling today
ALEXA youre the real cutie patootie here, ilysm
damn im out here trying to live my best life and they-
Thank you i tried, i guess?? more of a simulation for schoolwork hehe, couldnt paint fire that realistic yet
Once my therapist stops seeing me not gonna have anyone to talk to about my problems
I hate how cruel this world is. It really makes me sooo sick.
He's 2nd
Why The Weekend Over So Quick
ion know why they call me baby
abort mission love between clowns is the same as regular love
Why do I never see the Vampire Knight opening on any thread. People really out here sleeping on a masterpiece.
Why does she like to add the drag in her singing kodwa, high pitch and drag
may god bless you and your family all the love, strength and patience
Sorry [insert group] supremacist, I stan all so LITERALLY too busy with comebacks to deal with haha stan your faves uwu
Ill paint a fake smile on my face and ill get through it
lmao sis take a chill pill
Watching the remastered Star Wars is a good reminder that just because you *can* do something doesn't mean you *should*.
Who the hell knows and got a long arse wait before we find out
be my 1/5
Can chanlix upload a selfie together with big smiles and in the halloween outfits please? I miss having matching icons with Rosa
Just want my girl
Dude i have always said this especially bcs im a paranoid ass person and cant enjoy my high
Thanks ate Rusty for helping me. Hooo
someone play imsg games with me im bored
not being able to realize who is who in some bts fanart
8 - I actually like to keep to myself, and can be vry shy
BENDJSNEJDKDNFJ we should really put a TW chad// in our tweets
FYI, I grub like this too.
Bila roomate tak senonoh
literally
I need some traveling friends I just want to travel the world
looks like I wasn't the only one who didn't wake up.. but I'm also a noob
I'd pay my life savings just to have this hair back
Yup, I snap very quickly
Pathetic, for a team of Kaizer Chiefs
heartbreaking though
ive watched the bbibbi mv do many times, iu never disappoints
Just shows there is still respect in this world, we need this so much over here in the UK it's scary
i did my best but i felt the worst
amas-
Need hugs and/or cuddles
Happy birthday hope Riding In Peace,
solo
I'll keep you in my prayers
this is the shit i expect to do at sleepover but instead we just smoke n get slumped n fall asleep at 12
All the time
I'll be so mad if that tweet is my first platinum tweet..
I literally have 5000 other tweets better than that smh
how do ppl get those crush anons i WISH someone actually found me interesting enough to like
I just can't stop thinking
I need someone to step on my back everyday
report she called me a local, told me to shut up, called me a b*tch and said not funny
U said worse too
Oh no feel better.
a pile of tissue will be very handy by now
hmm iyasih
The kids in church were talking about a demon that comes out on halloween. Are they talking about me
Missing my long and wild hair
My fave is ironman
Sry yaar bcoz of my study I'm stuck
That's why now I can't be here & draw regularly
JJ style
Blame the generator that generator fked up
No it suffered too much damage during the crash
no- MERCI NAMJOON
OMG! You have to see this. > 100 shares & 3 .
Agreed!
follow me queen
i just want him to get that bread
I hope namjoon baby got to go inside the louvre at least for a little bit see the winged victory of samothrace the Mona something :(
already stanning this sigh
i wonder this everyday
i believe ur using exit for clout ! ariel oppa sunbaenim i trusted you heol
this was a good one idk why yall only gave me 2 likes
cc can I spam bored
there was so much more but twitter only takes four photos so
am i really hungry or am i just bored
i EVER clown yves for being a h*g again i know how it feels
The last good song rocky made
just opened this pack with best before 15/11/2018 and they have mould on. Really disappointing
Aww that's so bad forget about it hehe
damn i really thought this was lakers comeback szn, oh well
How much I'd love to claim lil shorty
I hope they take any at night illegal
He still going to leave us in the summer so
i lost my card and i never carry cash so now BROKE broke
j swear its not u
But bad luck no chance to play
Time check, 12:05
Can't sleep
I think I'd found the love from the Right Person in the Wrong Time
Nenem analeeeeeeeeee ala.
Vaapu taggaka, both to face and pocket. Send one. Spafit ani peredtha
he knows how many bops they will release in the future
Sigh fine then, we're fighting demons again let's get it I guess
im trying to escape wys
Because I was pushing them back with a knife earlier when I was bored
Sorry for your loss, comrade
i hope the fanny pack never comes back and also the rapper clothes or i will unfollow and mute you again liam
mo?
oh no ! im sorry but i have to block u na chz
Emergency room the place to be
art, but make it palatable to the majority that takes pride in fitting in ganun This Is So Sad
see i wanna buy a house like this but probably like $2-$4M here in california
I just wanna snuggle under a warm blanket with my friends and watch cheetah girls . But I have friends or a warm blanket
miss ana let me tell you something
your layout is beautiful
seventeen I love u but ur taste is not good correct answer is my i for both
You what I want but you toxic for me
honestly tho im just gonna study for pol sci
my grades are suffering tho
love hurts
okay right you even have to be a stay to agree
I did urs already but ok do it again
damn, Shister. we going emo hours?
Shit, is this what selos feels like?
Mayhaps it is
the ship sank before even sailing
the sweetest Thank you, my dear.
can they just dm me
Instagram this toxic lol Imma go back there and spray positivity without anyone getting offended
LMFAOOOO fake really jumped out of some people
im gonna post my soft ugly bday thread for hanbin please mute me its gonna get real ugly
....you're right
Talk to me
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh got a boyfriend i bet he kiss ya
It's already two years that we haven't seen each other Diin ka na? Puli na sa Roxas makaon pa ta pancit canton sa canteen!
I just wanna sleep all day bro
It hurts the most cause I know the cause
stop lying challenge
Indeed and I feel sorry for the innocent that will likely be hurt or worse, however it must be done.
I really have a distaste hair
i am sorry, please be sad
yes i do hear sumn its me being annoying send tweet
thank you sir
Sweetie Your crack aus are great tho
i cant believe he looks like the pillsbury dough boy
I got my own taste of medicine
how in a month lost 500usd I even cry the tears coming out. I just have chest pain
Wouldn't really get shy or scared about it, mines so tiny doesn't really matter
Still a beginner
i need to stop spending so much time on social media sksks
Yaa !! Bit sadly i live in India....So i can't
Match fixing allegations ?!
jk.
Its supposed to be our 8th
is this relatable
Yesterday I was going though it over Changkyun now going through over supremacists of all groups
Sometimes just got to admit your lonely no feelings is as crazy as that..!
But still brain dead enough I put stuff in the dryer that I have
puppy loveeee
The only one I still play is on air I just have no motivation
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
Look truth hurts okay but most likely hates your tattoo
ugly and creepy
My boyfriend and I are broke
maybe some day bro
me missing red velvet? it's more likely than you think
My hamstrings are so TIGHT. I shall... stretch more every day
I couldn't watch the ending though it was too much for me I was literally sobbing for an hour or two afterwards
Nope
Did i lie about the song
My spotify apk doesnt work so i cant skip only if i have luck maybe it will come on shuffle
Damn I can't imagine how that feels
I need a subby taekwoon fic
Sigh
u didnt even notice my clarieselcaday
chiquito
I need a new fishing buddy. It's killing me to think I'm going to miss out on the entire fall musky season
Coach
Gabisa ngefuck
I wish
My littlest lady is sick. at the clinic now.
may Allah ease everything for FA esok
Drop something
I wanna write one too idk how to start it tho djdhdhd
Looking back in the past & realizing I tolerated sooo much shit
idol room....dissappointed but not surprised..
This new lounge in my Area is so loud
Mood
It was a fark day for me too
The random flashbacks that come to your mind are bad too
Should have came & said hey
Hi, just purchased a floor lamp from one of your stores. Opened it at home and the glass shade is broken help please!
You probably are a piece of shit wla ana maswe 7g el nas block
You know a group is mainstream when they wind up on bootleg Filipino kpop merch
Hi, I can't, I have doing already more campaigns?
Can one of y'all scam a sugar daddy for me and buy me art supplies . I really want nice watercolors and paper
Or pork chops Nd rice Nd eggs
I will never achieve my one goal of becoming the first Jewish POTUS
Uhhh so I lost my house key and my mail key
14. ppl hate me
44- senior trip last month for sure
now this.... this hit home .
As tears roll down
Monday
I wish i had those grades
that anon is totally hitting you up yea im gettig coin
Imma do it for you then
Thanks Conviction.
Goodnighttt
So happy for you! And there's me without friends
i ordered this top bc it looks gay and eleanor shellstrop-y i hope it fits me
Aur kitna niche giroge..
be trapped exit the cube be free
Wala na. Finished na. Sorry mga anak
I could have done better
Brawl Stars better go global next year. Otherwise that's just sad
my captain, the image is from my team
Lol it is, this thing has a pulse I swear
JAJAJAJAJAJAJA ay
now i get why is it called 'a tender sacrifice'
. Granny Granny why they had to take my granny away ?
Kalo aja, hairstyle dia begini
mANO ELE CONHECE O SIGNIFICADO DA PALAVRA LIMITES
i get to chose who i wanna be
I'll miss you McMurray, PA Kmart!
I wanna make a dance to Youngblood but I hate dancing alone
hey, i love u for making this thread as a jihoon teeth enthusiast, i am deeply greatly hugely really thankful
Omg those who got reply from Louis is so lucky. jealous like hell
I already love you wdym expose urself pls
In case your tl was ugly
I am internally
ok but i wish i could rock this haircut and not worry about my hair type
Wish it is here, guys. It is a mixture of and where I am.
hit up all 4 of my friends AND a couple hoes but no one wants to get breakfast with me
I followed Manny initially even though I knew he was a hothead, but damn his comments this series sucked. And I'm over it.
Killed a man over a mattress
ofc he went to the louvre..
What's the point majority of Africans believe in this rainbow nation. So why waste my time
You need to stop my heart csn only handle so much
Hoping for miracle on that day
This honestly makes me so so sad
EXO CREATIVE TEAM SHOULD TAKE NOTES
It was a dark day for me too
they were so right about "if you meet them once, you'll always want to meet them again"
ig i need to post more selfies to get followers
theres a LOT going on with my rising thats why yall think im crazy
ashley is telling me to choke because i was being nice to her
Let me tell you that this caption made me so so depressed
gonna happen in november so make sure to put your mods folder in your desktop
If only things were different
Chris Paul
I get why you got into that fight, but is it worth possibly losing games?
Which, makes the team
Anywhere...
YOUR SENSE OF HUMOR IS JUST AS LOW AS MINE
i was mutuals with him
I miss DaNai with EVERYTHING in me man
LMFAO I HATE YOU NOW I CAN'T EVER WATCH THE TEASER WITHOUT THINKING OF THIS
sorry
Im gonna steal ur bread ah! no!!
ppl please have taste challenge
Good bye
One step towards normal life.
When love means nothing now
Sometimes you get tired of being the roti maker in the house and you just want someone else to make them for once
ur right my bad
Those who got reply from Louis are so lucky. jealous like hell
me too
fight me
A disappointing loss for us today 0-1 vs. Goldenhill Wanderers next week we travel to Coundon big thanks to
not that it's her fault ofc....better that i know now and brace myself for the oncoming storm every apocalypse needs its harbinger,,,,,,
known they would use this for their fic
you are evil!
Called this girl to switch with me and went in today cause i been back sleep yet
child abuse smh
Very professional xxx
one in a million
So heartbroken by the world
but it's really gud
got perfect aim at golf esp when it comes to aiming at ur bruh
Jun, he did
For quirkloss the cat fishing god
Hmm can't tgh diet. Guess have to diet jimin jgk then
How to start
just saw a local caption their insta starting to lose her
shit
i wish I brought a rifle home to spin sigh
CGI facial hair remover slacking off AGAIN?! smh
say it right da nelly tbm oh you don't mean nothing at all to me
People with blue eyes r misunderstood
you should rest and take your time love condolence
God damn I need Bosa back..he won't miss these crucial tackles. Now they're going to score to tie this game
So me
do it understand my suffering
Ever had to study while period pains are ending you, wow if this is not death
Shorty only a fan online
I expected Jihoon. I thought he and I were bffs
Classic sades throwing me under water pun not intended
someone had to do it
20/20 isn't even perfect vision
cool to hear! But I just tried checking it out on your website but your site load.
why can't there be one of the dudes from prettymuch
awak..... jangan handsome sangat please
It's a shame na just like The Fifth Wave, hindi siya magkakaro'n ng sequel bc it underperformed at the box office
I will pray for you
Good morning please leave alone. a sweet soul that deserve the strive be PUTTIN her through
no foundations ulta?
on the way na po imissyou
I said what I said
im happy if youre happy soulmate
Why every female rapper gotta rap about her pussy
lick his shoulder for 5cent
I just want hella soft tacos.
I knew u was the only bithc in this house i could trust
Taylor during the Red era
Currently at work DYING
so cute stop
it just!!! I even watch til the end
Oh no! I mean this bad boy has had me out cold for the most of today. Not sure work is going to be too sexy tomorrow
why are arriving when i need to hibernate
Sometimes I hate working mornings cause they leave so much clothes for me to put up
I said photoshop me into things, not post a selfie
Damn thinking about future
Everytime I attend weddings I feel like I want to get married and that time I dont even have a girl of my own.
you know i already moved past those days
Shit sent me straight into a depressive mood in less than 5 mins.
hahahahaha babiiiii tgh triggered kettewwww hm baru halfway stop but now i have any reason to
DROP IT PLZ
[ ] don't scold her too much. she might talk back.
The biggest thing in life is family... when you turn your back on your family... you have no life.
I want some really good fried chicken, eggs, potatoes, and biscuits
Its probably just for the short film thingy. I think we still gonna get indoor/box for the mv
all this time i thought ibe was his dad
whew im back
I miss him more than you
imissuallsomuch
officers
Honestly the results great but we might have to settle
will dragged me into i7 and ioriku specifically
so going to block me six times?
You swore you'd never leave but you saw me drown in my sadness and walked away
Even all the stew don burn sef because of your heat.
someone translate please. the pics
be 1.7 million by tomorrow
....
Oh shit, I'm sorry to hear that
You know my snapcode but not my story
Hey me and Bucky are on. What happened? I hope okay
( Accountmu ada berapa, Jaf? Beranak, ya?
Soooo tired. how about yours? )
Trading: Taehyung Selfie book
Seeking: Jungkook selfie book
Location: USA
WWT: no sorry
It would need to be
hella vexed but happy someone took her in
I know asses are broke but help me raise 2,500 to meet Normani
Afternoon. We be streaming today because the power is out unfortunately power we be back on
.... you good there?
rickshaw stop have treated me the way did
Queria, mas tenho pra beijar
beni ama
damn I thought there were 7 billion hyuck stans in the world
Ugh i wait
We want a great event on this day
what if !!! No No No This will not happen
Yah, malah imejin.
He really loves dinosaurs so much I wanna buy him all the dinosaur figures in the world for Christmas
it's okay bro I hope your new relationship stands strong
i just finished eating and now i feel like throwing up
nah . it just me without you
Swear Not Having Anybody In Ya Corner Is A Different Kind Of Hurt
Yes but rn people are realizing their rights and their voice we could be the change . Have faith in that .
Oh.. Sorry to hear that
Lord, please clear my mind, reveal to me my path, light the way. I'm kinda lost.
Woke up with Melvin Gordon in my lineup.
was gonna say smtnin Nsfw but i dont want them to see
i stan Gwsn and their one of my gg ults too uwu i bias Minju,Miya,and Seokyoung because i'm unloyal
te amo seu bobo
gue mau izone hit big on their debut tapi mau juga wannaone break their own record bcs this is their last comeback being wannaone.
but i wanna hear it,,
gonna try to stream on twitch playing sims 4 send me photos of (mutuals only) and ill try to make u
not worth that much
NO STOP HES WOKE he probably justifies his actions with AN (i do)
Fofo.
Really missing habibi....
Huffing glue the locals are nervous
oh boy i love u
I really be out here like
/( )\
/ \
louma deff ?
UR fav fbi boi here to say I miss u and I luv u I miss u too, dm me some time
I missed out on that I only wore LRG socks
I just wanted to see this happen lastnight
Missed tackles EVERYWHERE WTF??? pathetic that they close this garbage team out!!!
just saw a local caption their insta starting to lose her
Re tla ba Sharp
I'd say sorry, idk if yiu'd hear it down there though
Why does time run slowly when one is expecting something eagerly? Theory of relatively gone wrong?
i need someone actually listen to me instead of making it about themselves
No I feel like I've tried everything and it's so frustrating
i have gloed down so much since this smh
just do what i did
why am i stanning both of them szbsabhs my poor and miskin ass cant pay them.
So sorry
Feeling so useless
Maybe the reason
from time to time, u very much be doin it to em
catch ya later, tl!!!!
i think shes ten years older than me Does Not Matter Honestly Mrs Jenny These Men Aint Shit they all hav cardboard personalities
Can already tell today is going to fucking suck
I'm physically and mentally tired Yay me.
Now I sleep fuck you exo
Today Marks 3 MONTHS Sis I still believe this I miss you so Much !!! Our PRINCESS ALWAYS & FOREVER
Talk to me
Not my night
5th overall... damn we fell for the hype
thank u
I dieted a lot and exercise
a modern tragedy
Kris, what do you think about this? I want to believe, but I think it's an illusion
kylamassie grew up so fastly, this old woman couldn't help but proud seeing her hsppy with someone else
neither
Trading: Jin 3rd Muster
Seeking: Hoseok 3rd Muster
Location: VA, USA
WWT: no sorry
It would need to be
kfkdlsls ily
i wish a had someone who's going at Stray Kids fansign because i want someone to give Chan a letter from me
yall might hate me for this but war of hormone sis slapped my anti ass to a stan
i pronounced bologna as bolonya while reading this i was so confused
bro when my face was skinny skinny my jaw looked like this
I know Summer is prettier
I have good internet
Nope, You make me sulk because you answer me
manga outsold the anime,, by a LONG shot do better
tipo "wena' Chile" bb hermoso teamito
im tryna compliment u ur vocals are nice
Wish u were here
Seriously guys! This is annoying
I wish my ma didn't have to leave today
it's time to let the lt tour 2018 in my header d*e
sometimes you be mean to me
gonna have t meet tahlia before i meet chi bc she fuckng go to college here
i see how it is
I always joke around saying that I understand other people but maybe I just understand other people too much
hey hey hey love if check out my drawing of the one and only jungkook
I wish that too but
Oh wait the trust came back im sorry
They are so brilliant. I have a marathon once a year lol. No one I know has seen them
this orange mother fucker really thinks god .. gender identity is science too, but go off go off,
Root Sports games are the worst. no options for cord cutters.
I have the Tae L ver from Answer but you probably live in the UK
salsa come home party
misty is wonderful and all but it hurts every time she says she like bug pokemon
This weekend was so busy at work I just wanna sleep exhausted
Wow rude
Sing me a baby shark song
I think that show is funny it kinda gives me the creeps
It was a blast! We didn't get the pins they advertised, though kinda bummed about that.
Oh no you have had a really busy week so maybe that's why? And stress... I hope it goes off for you and I do.
I'm washed with no juice
Why do people always take me for granted am i too nice
Me and my gramma used to sit on the porch and play bingo I miss her.
Times to say goodbye
Sorry homie
i am ashamed but at least im honest
OMG! You have to see this. > 100 shares & 3 .
I be on my HH shit again bro
One of the worst parts about wearing glasses is that when you smile, they push up on your face and cover your eyebrows
ofc he's not gonna post anything exo or comeback related, his ig is his modelling portfolio
Honestly struggling with my own body image now
Nothing much but When you realise that you have any true and close friend in your life and
why is he running im not a monster
We love u coach sukses selalu
Suddenly I read.
Never seen him live tho, never had an invite
Dropping below Fresno for sure
Bc I look up weird shit
he went to the louvre im jealous
lodquiero mucho
i know
raison
Not anymore! He will be working in Florida for the next couple of weeks
Only one I do is masturbate
Let's pray for Australian & NZ, Asian, African and South American fans who are too often forgotten
Oh Kabiyesiii! Can you stand straight for God's sake and stop embarrassing Egba!
We never got BST teaser ver either
whats wrong
boys that I like vs boys that like me
she had a long life & i think it was time for her to go
Trading: Jin 3rd Muster
Seeking: Hoseok 3rd Muster or group!
Location: VA, USA
WWT: no sorry
It would need to
I still need to see this Halloween movie trippin
should be a Muslim theme but why does it questioning my sexuality
Please, do something
im not a cheater
Suicide and all that
sad
was shaved my light mustache 2 weeks ago to look clean but acne comes around
Ugh i wait
We want a great event on this day
what if !!! No No No This will not happen
And you got people laughing at me outraged
we all know you run a secret hate account for me you ass stop acting like you don't know me
Closing means coming home and trying to fall asleep to the sound of alarms going off
my laptops still not working can i get a rip in the chat
i told u i wasnt lying about being tired
Are my eyes working? Do I see a glas, a agus
sorry.
nctzens minding their own business and they still get dragged into some group's fandom mess relevant kings!
i thought you were trying to say carrot n got confused
probably cuz one of bands is LITCHERALLY pencey prep
the?? end?? sorry this au been lane as fuck u can leave me hate on my cc i dont mind
The broncos are getting ready to it all This is reality setting in
Yet we are the weird onces with an incest fetish
maybe dick isnt that bad . give me 9
26. we dont speak of the first concert i been to my aunts took me but i also saw 5sos in 2015/2016 i dont rlly
so sorry if you need or want any help, let me know! definitely help look!
im gonna miss fox's pivot grab in ultimate
last clip was really disturbing dnt treat ppl like this who r working for public only
I wanna sign up for some canto interaction too
I desperately want some leather/waxed denim pants
all my oomfs are so pretty while here looking like a potato
Married friends are cute and all till it husband this, my husband
im so bored
I really wish I was going to see at Hull Bonus Arena with but im probably working
i have 20/20 but wear glasses the point
Bonang's voice is sooth
O allah please grant us strength to be strong in life. Ameen
yoongi shawty lemme kiss u thr the phone
gonna be the only one allowed to legally anyway
i thought my favorite was ramuda at first but then dice snuck in and stole my heart
All I want is time to myself without being forced to be with people due to college and take my work in my own stride.
really making us look bad
nah this it . bring back the og cast or atleast emily
Yeah it sadly is a sparkling version of current life
Tonfish assemble
choerroll on iri mode.
True story
yes received several inquiries in my dms these past couple of days....
the haunting of hill house made me so emo. soft for one (1) dysfunctional white family
Mostly negative response so far. Most probably won't go
I believe they shut down DramaFever
they got money for war but can't feed the poor
When is my baby coming out?
No se jugar SimCity 4
stalking* i should proofread my tweets
jen hit up people jen kik it wit me jen can u get me this can u get me that
Translation please
thank you so much <33 anw were you deactivate
I need to stop doing J.I.D memes I know annoyed
Hi 16 days have passed since your concert here in Manila & I miss you guys even more
catch me pulling up at 6:59
but ur a cute fuwwy.... i was just playin
Eu sou muito apaixonada por
Sadly I only took 1 picture
Guess I record SPYAIR singing imagination for you
Because I miss you sorry
acontece amor
lmao am i really gonna wake up at 3am for exo it's a yes
I rock them
praise be to god
amen
why do you do this to me
ugh sorry had to unf
gareth went to sleep without replying to my ily i hate him
I need to stop making J.I.D edits I know annoyed
i wanna marry his pretty hand
Loool there's hardly any mama put that sells food here on Sundays.
que pitico
Ol dummies must not know that if you mess with one of us you gotta deal with the rest sigh
so i guess not your dream girl not yet at least
just too thicc leave him alone
Wish I could go to work in shorts and tshirt
its real sis
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he
my manager put me on a fitting room the last 3 hours of my shift so i be able to get on my phone
don't speak too soon
Part of me aches at the thought of him being so close yet so untouchable.
i cant believe i missed that party last night smfh
i thought it was moonlight wow i love being boo boo the fool
hes baby
OMG! You have to see this. > 100 shares & 3 .
defly thought I'd see my peoples out there
niall ran away from me right here
it was snowing here yesterday
why did i wake up?? my parents just let me sleep a little longer
Ngl, I feel so lost without her
your poor boy suffers with the dreamies
Someone save mum Kun
MHP'miz yine
I HAVE. BIG BALLS. STOP THAT
que pitico
I know, but it was the first performance of
i have school again tmrw
MENTION KAMU JUGA HILANG WKWKWKWKWKWKWKWK super bajingan twitter.
i hate being too tired to jack off
on a side note, please make for my mother. not feeling well and headed to the A&E; hopefully nothing serious
day 2 let me gts before this shit start again
You ever just think about one person? Like all the time? Yeah it sucks
could my bangs grow out any quicker?! I'm so fucking tired of them!
i didnt brush my hair can i get an f AND THATS FALSE IF IM BEAUTIFUL THEN WHAT R U??? CUZ U R LIKE A
My girl is so beautiful!! But there i am, a short fuck
Najib breakdown
eternal mood
I'm tired of being tired.
unfollowed
watch me sell myself so i can get some bts albums
Discouragement takes its toll.
Got the Sunday blues? We are hiring for a new Assistant Researcher! Come work with us and enjoy Mondays again
Me and the girls deserve so much better
Im not the only
so talented
Yes, you will.
i think i-imma try cold cereal today
leave ne
Update: no bookout
Where do ppl find layouts that blurry
I just spent two hours making a twitter header
uwu i already have those
Stop stabbing my heart... Go live you life I'll forget this ever happened... Bad bye
ofc i have a ton of work to do tomorrow when the damn album drops
poor tired cute baby
Callin' me out....
Me bumping good life but then remembering that Kanye supports trump ... never will be the same
ta foda
I wanna go to the outlet mall too
What's better than a meal on a Sunday? A free one!*
*disclaimer - the veggie big manc defeated me
chanyeol my boi lets sleep now pls
I feel like been hit by a bus and dragged for 100 miles. Fuck
Should have played D Lewis
Damn even walmart knows the Dodgers are going to choke
Shitting myself for Wednesday
LOL just lyrics ..unfortunately
Probably won't get on until late in the 80s minute
23/10 hari jadi I really want this to surprise myself saya tak sabar tunggu preorder
Nice to see comeback bringing out the best in our fandom.
When you happen to just met in one place but you both from different far places. In short, ldr nasad sugod ugma
quite mesmerising to be surrounded by sunset and feathers until you realise your train has hit a bird
be me
E eu aq chorando pelo tony stark
Religious crisis in some parts of kd. Allah ubangiji ya kare
Ya will on Wednesday
Gonna sleep with a heavy heart
in toronto wow and my ass downtown
Aku please
Every time it takes me a while to understand what my friends are joking about they make fun of me with this
I still wanna know if he likes sprite or not
MAYBE thats why theyre going back inside! to save them!! omg ot12 lives probably ksksksk
be my top please i thought i already was
I need everything to fall into place in the next 30 days
Look how blessed we really are
this is about me calling kiki and him a coward
being blind really be expensive, i just went broke after i ordered my contacts
I hate the feeling of getting denied
do an instagram live
Forgot to set my alarm clock FUCKKKKKKKK...
I believe you, the wind is hitting my window and scared to go out there
i missed my fwiends
I put my flag sticker on my laptop and no one notice too
i just want to kiss his big ol nose
bro you got me into him and shit
bisexual culture is having a crush on bryan AND amelia
Pray for me y'all, I've been dealing with entitlement issues this weekend
I expected more from you
Signed.
I guess it wasn't meant to be
Deeply ingrained racism Tony-very sad
in the child
ai kj me mata logo sabe
so, we cleaning my account cos it looks ugly af and i am not satisfied
let's cry in broke culture my friend
Maybe if u attack me I would
ily
a Braitheann muid bhur fhulaingt
Get excited with me more excited than him. Lemme send him IG man hoes. Lmao
in the child
Well if I get a cut on my finger, I wanna be prepared
taekook selcas that were never posted a thread
breathe when i come back to twitter this is true love culture
I think we both know how this story ends
G-guys I I have deekosh blocked mental health comes first
Look how that ref holding my mans tho
omg... that tasteless jumped out
i don't see my name, are you haechanphobic?
Sign a new contract please
So sorry for your loss
You didnt fill it out tho
I feel my body working against me this morning
h
trying to find inner peace amongst all the voices telling me to get this bread
Sadly, Jen tried to get one and hers said they did not have it.
A lot of people were saying she got arrested not sure if last night but I messaged her and she replied back...
i do sorry
too tired
you know what i meant
She was 34
Todos tres
always pou-ya never pou-yuh
when will we
ctpu lmao that sound cute, ok fine just do whatever you want but pst don't kill me
Yaaaa I hella wish I went to hoco now
why did she take the kids? I still don't know
This is A lot! Yhuuu
s****
please
man do even think ?
Well I invite you, but you usually respond with or nothing at all..
My little Truffles is going into congestive heart failure I hate it for her. my best little friend
What a state this country is in at the moment
My condolences
it be like that sometimes
This has been the longest weekend
Gets me so emotional coming back off holiday
I cried to God about it, because I explain it to anyone
why am i so slept on wow so cute
sigh
thanks tho
I have something to say
Miss you Me too
im losing followers whenever i tweet
about to buy both of these
I honestly had no idea that cheating was a thing
and done
Honestly, I don't remember her name anymore...
But she's a Dame.
All this is the case
Which one of my girlfriends is gonna buy me breakfast
idk yet
it's hard loving jjonak when he doesn't use face cam ever but I'm nothing if not a loyal thot
6-1 to devils boys must be shattered!!
homophobic
so many reasons why i don't say anything
any1 volunteer to adopt me please
I forgot her actual name is luna, im a fake lumpy stan
the only finsta I wanna see
Girl you deserve better than that.
When you selling plates again I miss yo mac n cheese
the final is the 5th of november i even gonna watch this year but the final ever series and...nostalgia
I hate working by myself.. Then having work problems on top of it.. I'm always the one who works alone and nobody cares
Ima have to have my lil vacay postponed! My daughter has surgery on friday
Bye, Poussey
These pics look disgusting asf
Like these I guess? Or maybe i'm just a sucker for blonde, who tf knows anymore
so sorry for you loss
f
That'll need more time
My momma so busy now a days I even call her
Yeah we showar
Y'all still drink 4LOKO? That shit had me on my toe nails last night
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh. Why can't people just be nice instead of bad mouthing others
OMG! You have to see this. > 100 shares & 3 .
the love of my life???? perhaps???
Poor dinosaurs
Saurabh patel was one of my favourite contestants very sad he is out from big boss home
Ya borraron Rick and Morty de Netflix
ill show u how much i love u
i breathed
Nice
bitch tired
I said what I said
My concentration time span lasts 30 seconds if I'm lucky
I have doubted huh adgjk
God I wish Israel was real
Well it has always been October, but the last few years it has been so busy in October!
So, he noticed the low range of views in his MV is so disappointing and impressing
sorry I recognize you in Vern
really out here sending him 10131728 songs to sing
A long night with my self.
This shit is a cycle
When will she return from the war
I honestly feel if you wanna talk and be depressing together lmk lol
is dead
I changed my for like 2 minutes and went back I change my ways
it really be like that eleni
You Did What You Did I Cant Never Look At You The Same
No
I really thought you were on my side
But now there's nobody by my side !
Don't let me down.
really upset no one is talking about how makeup is black and red in the teaser AKAKAK
I just wanna be excited for something
missing you a little too much tonight
but msgicshop is so CUTE im so attached to it
Wooooowwww. Actually came to Dennys and it was packed with a wait time
If I lose myself
Mi fraid fi have a daughter inna these times
Heartbreaking no marine animal should be in captivity they belong free in the wild
SHE IS VERY GORGEOUS TO ME
\
( (>
_/ \_
no offense but Cody and Kelsey look like siblings
Tennessee ruined Mariota
Shes coming back one day
Unfortunately
my chart being ruled by Venus makes so much sense
Oh shit, almost time. Nigga lost track
so sad rip my pumpkin she got eaten by squirrels
he better cover dua dua
Gonna miss my alarm clock.
Sorry for being clumsy
I thought the same thing
I'm praying for myself too
really relate
even deny that
so sad.....so sad :(
oh baby
Aaaaand they lost
My moms about to have me in my backyard doing this shit
Just wanna be snuggled up in bed watching movies
Lewis was open on the first play
Sigh OT5 NU'EST
i miss it
I sent princess of china
in those pants
what an amazing life
Why my man harden move a muscle
Hmmmmm
i am
excuse me i have failed you ateez nation why tf I know it was selca day
Feeling sick with worry and wondering wtf I did
Sis i literally breathed
syu accept my compliment challenge: failed
it's my fault louis and niall didn't get any solos
Is that a yes to grabbing coffee ?
When country music was your go to
8 hours and 30 mins to be exact. May everything goes smoothly. In shaa allah, amin
6 mate just leaving shortly. Said up to 2 hours tho. hoping bloody quicker
These guys are fab u lous! Do I missed them today.
Sad fact
luluwas or luluwas?
i could probably finish my kamishin fic and write a kamishinsero fic before you finish yours
cry
I think fat
I miss him sm
HAISOAJAOAJ that sounds like a you problem
He got hit by a car on the highway
Poor baby
i hate people so much.
Kids bump into you ALL the time. It just happens they mean too.
terribly sorry
please be the soonest as possible
Life is full of disappointments
Ofc not:( why should i
I see you on the leaderboards now Rough. Anything happen?
everyone is being lovely dovey MINA MI AMOR
I envy you
It is so frustrating.
Organize a Food Allergy Awareness day at
I swear I know what I would do without Kam really my heart
Talk about time management, I have no excuse to be not productive compared to their insane schedule.
litteraly no ones care that I reactivate
look just me next time yeah
he looks good in everything
It was such a good atmosphere. I miss BTS sm
ok i'm sorry julia but i'm not going it's so cold and i'm just not feelin it today
this just broke my spirit. we really old as fuck now
i can never play a event im always working
Do u think kristian kostov will be able to attend bts concert? He got scammed in the london concert Oh no
You're right its me
abandona
i love you with my whole heart
she does and hes rlly cute
I just want to watch scary movies but instead I have to study
its officially get into your car and still be cold szn
Aww Chargers
b-but...
Give him to me too
Mid semester break should atleast br of 20 days. Ugh its over
They really said ' re-enter the cube' like it's nothing exo dumb af
Oof says the queen thanks erika
Bruh when is Elder Scrolls 6 coming out
my heart is so sad
Call the police on us niggers
ok but if i actually have money in my bank acc, i would help yall to buy tickets for ioi city mall tapi duit sis pon ada rm 1 istg sedih
It's the gingerphobia
Why linetv is still unavailable in my country
jeongguk: this could be us but you playin *shows pic*
Taehyung: Gukkie we have been married for 3 years
a indireta pra mim
joon with his flat ass really be out here like
I multistan with stray kids too but-
You people don't even have courtesy
Posting ur pussies on our PRECIOUS TL
I just want some good news, but knowing my luck, I get any
Im glad you use my words to get love, im honored
And jus like that she een that fine no more
Struggle is real
Seriously!
I wish all of this was a dream
hoseok probably going to drop hopeworld 2 without a warning
Waiting for the day i can finally use concert mode with my army bomb
Hmmmm
you have to go all existential on me
I was trolling... leave me alone! I read fan fictions. What is that?
bandori might have lost this round but They Will Be Back
Just gonna sleep the rest of the day away
craving fries so bad but trying to stop being a fat fuck
I never been this disappointed before.
Seriously so sad I go to fright fest this year
doing that so he can get new songs for his playlist hdksjdhdjd
i checked the teaser twice...the mullet is still there
That defense was terrible, what happened still got the win though, but come on tighten it up
WHATTTTTTTT THEE
I wish I did well I actually did, in my mind, does it count?
Ghana Uruguay 2010 World Cup
I find the thread again.
Failing a test/exam you thought you did really well in bc now you doubt yourself and lack confidence
at least gain permission from me before posting this, i feel attacked
I've never tweeted this before in my EXISTENCE on but....
I am ashamed to be a Fan right now
i love the nb owl snake legend
Very interesting. Sad to read that the US has the highest contamination
I drew that one aya card I never got
We got a before and it was bogging tae nuhin worse than a bad Chinese tae ruin yer weekend
on a night like this, where i cant sleep, i miss my tok's dodoi so much
Just had an argument with my best friend over app even hug and make up think officially
hurts
i forgot you were a good writer
Aw
9. By My Side
UGH IM A SUchY A WHOre for soft songs like these what the fuck am i gonna say... im pretty sure
omg calm down gentlemen i actually know who the father is let my baby know
pls say it back
Yall yesterday my friend clocked out from school & i missed it
OMG! You have to see this. > 89 shares & 3 .
Why are all the children that come into work the same size as me
again
Omfg imagine sitting in the womb like BITCH I AINT GOING I WANNA BE A LIBRA RISINGNFNGN im WEAK!!!
Shhshshhshshsh maybe one day I'll accept my cap side
wish my Nana was here I really need to talk to her
Only leaving Hammanskraal now
What an emotional day yhu hah ah
follow my new account since this one is being left behind
A dustland fairytale in my ass
exo outsold
Do u guys save a meme knowing that you have it in ur gallery but drowning in the sea of memes and ur too lazy to find it
stop bullying todoroki
But i love her so i must obey and do what she wants
why is she still awake though she should sleep its nearly 2 am in kr
Gutted for Yarmo
You Want More From Me Than Im Willing To Give At The Moment
I missed Chelsea's pregnancy
begini bgt... ditinggal suami konser...
can't believe so many people think ure single
nightmare was true asf
cold and not ready for it.
Yo got locked out of her account so follow her bc okay sometimes
karma are eat my ass
When willing to sacrifice your whole lifestyle for somebody
That sugar daddy was a fraud whenever a sugar daddy says $500 a week and that they don't use PayPal as a
can't people like,, who are both dumb and smart exist LIKE that would made me v v happy
says the rat
that sounds disgusting shoob
did 134340 so BAD,, i just with
toy car sets too
karma are eating my poor ass
you still didnt let me read your birth chart
It's hard to stay sane.
I know. I'm shame
Your suklay-guns are legendary. It will be missed.
Awwee its okay io
where you from, tomorrow & jump
this brings me back memories
instagram is the last song i listened to so im going w that literally cant think of anything else rn
preciso do
sure coming
Thick fog this AM in Seattle I guess.
flight delayed until the
karma still is eating my poor ass
SHIE SHDKFKG thank u i try
On a positive note I miss feeling my chocolate drop moving & kicking
Oh great mr fkin bean n her car on it! Everything n everywhere makes me think of her!!!!!
Going for two was a great call before the play happened
damn i used that 200
I'd do that just to see his reaction
more like eline and her bullies
imagine thinking the list needed to go further than orange and cranberry frightening.
Awesome! And now we see how long that lasts...
I'm not blocked my Joseph
IT'S WELL PAST FIVE LIKES OKAY IM . i needed to delete it just to b sure but i have screenshots dw
going on a date 2night. pretty nervous.
so sorry, Mandy. I feel violated for you - because I know how that feels.
- 12. MINHA OPINAO SOBRE AS VOCAIS DO NCT 127 (n vou incluir o winwin pq eu nk ouvi ele cantando )
1. Hyuck
2.
i have to go to practice and then do a shit ton of homework this is really what i get for procrastinating every single assignment
everytine i find a bts related psn on overwatch, i freak out and they dont
i hope j cole doesn't retire after this one
cold..,,. and lonely...... if only i had someone to cuddle rn
EXACTLYYT MY EXACT REASON FOR MAKING THE THREAD
i almost wanna skip school tomorrow so i can listen to mono but i know namjoon wouldn't want me to that
I already have everything atm. But not happy at all.
Im so sad
Ben cok be
i almost wanna skip school tomorrow so i can listen to mono but i know namjoon wouldn't want me to do that
witch jihun
and this is how the cupcakes came out, we were rushing so not our best
This it chief
but when gigi sings ni gg er on fortnite? i felt that
I save you cuzzo shit just hit me hard
Heartbreaking, I hope God any God every God has seen this....and hangs their heads in shame
Ion show emotions...just anger
Yes I just saw all the time line. And I can't believe the hatred that exists in the same Fandom
Aah... Yeah... but some major twist coming I guess
okay bro I love you the way you are
i listened to A LOT of kpop last night
If I want to spend my 21st in Las Vegas, I need to start saving
calm ty
UPDATE CHARA mrjonginkim : hafsaarahmaan 3:25 pm here, time zones +6hrs (via Twitter
Same saddest part is my bday is coming up
And boys have no heart
Smh the Devil in that man just sad are family will never be the same . We love and miss are mommy so much
He's literally my bias. That solo stan went too far
Getting closer to my moms death anniversary. less than a month away!! I miss that women like crazy! I vented to her about EVERYTHING!
I miss my Japriet
The feeling is mutual
the au going to be released? I feel jobless
por ignorarte
Oops , he is interested now
i opened it in front of my grandma
THE DEDICATION I WISH I WAS ON THEIR LEVEL TOO
When you stay up late playing but have to go to work in the morning...
you would miss me too much
I paid $12 for the episode I had 'cuz I couldn't afford them all at once. Can't remember how
perfeitas
Poor baby
You knew it too known you was plastic
perfeitas
+ fromis
I don't but most of the people around me does
what is it
i miss being in his company things the same nomore , we friends before anything
Justo en el cora .. Teuk no sabia si reir o llorar aahhhh
So sad for his family. So mad that this happened. RIP Sir
No need to thank me. Hope you enjoyed it.
When is there gonna be a political party that actually cares about the people
This time next Sunday be dark already
Gutted I never got to see my hero blast past
sorry
smh
She got a point though if lusty doesn't want you we can play if you wanna
Always happens to us good ones
You are making me jealous! All of our monarchs have flown!
hope my sister comes through for me
I wish i could sleep in
only us can relate
Nope. in class this weekend. Had to leave.
Damn I really said I was going to number them and forgot
that one who always shouts Yebo
e suas
I finish work at half 6 and I even begin to explain how disappointed I am to be going home and be having a roast dinner
Stay safe dear
I wish I could feel you next me right now.
kinda wanna start an Insta spam. I'm following so many I'm being influenced
It's been like 84 years since I had dick
With some cold ass milk
Gere nok ratoh
I really want the Time Magazine
at least they haven't catfished anyone
ofc it was you fool i love you
Stop objectifying me
im tryna be as ugly as you one day
they are going to have 3 cb in korea this year... and theyve been really active in japan as well
No words can truly describe how my heart is longing for you, lolo
I need the body and grace to be Kitana
A bon
Can I be this pretty
Tfw no smol twink smash bf to giggle while making memes next to me
Certain shit just reminds me about you
worse than heart break? Holding the door open for someone but them using the other door
I couldn't see you in the show because of distance at delhi
It's sas for me
Yanga is my second favourite contestant but that Whitney Houston song was just not for her man LOVE YOU THOU
so excited for joons playlist can already tell gonna be playing it all summer
i highkey want to tweet about the worlds 2018 and c9 but i dont want to be bullied
i think he telling us to shut up
The phone bruh
who is the third guy i love him
Am I the only who feels like losing a friend after finishing a good book?
Thank you bby been too long
Edi correct
I'm so confused. Who is my real mom? Was I adopted?
where are the scientist when you need them tbh
Not rushing anything fuck that not giving my time to ppl that I think going waste it ima go wit my gut before anything
Why do you always have to pick against my buccaneers?
This hurts my heart
This shit got me
wish i had some thighs in my DMs
Stupidity at its finest
Mface akambotora mface wacho pic ave bofu now I don't want to risk it
Pauvre chien
I miss Obey Zamora
good night ladies spam me if dua comes back
Can I download it to my shelf tho
it hurts too much to talk abt it
it just be like that sometimes
PENAKUT HHHHHH
Sorry
I hope he comes alive. Has been much the past couple games
I'm wondering if it's as a result of the just concluded primaries
Watch the akhada task again
In the task, was chilled and didn't even try hard to win.
I thought
I need someone that can bear my carutan. Right now
Long distance is koo Kuz I needs my space but when you want a booty rub you gotta plan it
i only reach 1k for like 4 seconds and then drop back to 995 when will i win
Tell Me NothinG
and again
she waAaaayyyyyyy to pretty , and here looking like this ??? unbelievable
probably neither bc it would remind them too much of the other
pants that have uplift technology, my man still has nothing there
*Deep sigh*
Like I said before, birthdays will never be the same. Too much heartbroken people, including me
revisa curious cat
so much cool clothes so little money
Times like this... after church, Hot rice and chicken/fish stew with Dodo.... followed by sweet Sunday sleep.
I miss those days.
"Maybe someday you'll measure up to it." Doesn't sound like a response in good faith Steve
May not get to stream today, if I do it will be later and kinda short going to a pumpkin patch with the wife and some friends
Damn Rondo I like it tho, Lakers never had nothin like this before
right??? he just needs his guitar and his perfect voice
I am happy to be able to celebrate your birthday even though I can't give a gift for you but I am happy to be
Hays
Yes
the hair. the shirt. i miss
Every time I see a German Shepherd I miss mine that ran away
I requested a studio cover version for his Mubank Berlin performance Scorpions - Wind of Change. real__pcy I hope u notice me
amaya stop doing everything last minute challenge: failed
be stupid as FUCK if i take this manager position at Trufit
I keep trying to find awesome album for a decent price but I find it to save my life
Well come here then
funny
Knock mine, please.
Woke up sad and with no good morning text
Sigh...
you wouldn't....... would you??
i thought you loved me!!!
Still carving hooligans
this is why we get breadcrumbs while jikookers are having a feast
'do u ever think mushrooms are in pain' yes. all the time
i'm an activist for bee rights tho.
white people deserve so much better they need to have some rest, it must be exhausting to colonize the whole planet
I got way too much time to be this hurt ,Somebody help is getting worse
idiot* smh my head
only flaw is liking celery
I might or might not have dropped pizza on my dogs head
Still I must wait
cooking our favorite Curly Spag. I miss you so bad.
OMG! You have to see this. > 89 shares & 3 .
I was reading through thinking love my Then I got to the end
So going to the movies with my bestfriend and his gf. We third wheeling.
Just want to get well asap. Feeling hopeless n restless sucks man
hmmm im crying
just me.
i even have a dick
Shit I felt like this in a long time
o meu sonho aqui
disappointed in cat pic
Not something in particular but more related to depression been a rough day psychologically
Ugh
Nooo
We all do
ive been exposed
i said a girlfriend not a wife, not ready for that commitment yet hagi
Try ennai vachi mmm OK
mt boyfriend is so cute
Got my mom all packed up for her trip! be gone again for 3 whole weeks
supposed to leave at 10 but they just gave me a break
Riddick is so unappreciated in my circles
really wish I was in someone's sons arms rn ... no one is even giving me attention at home
IM A CHANGED WOMEN sorry for shitting on the bread and nutella lovers
never imagine doing that, really thoughtless
Hopefully people will realise and will return
That must be hard.
But hey you have social media which is basically 85% ppl criticizing
Planejando tocar e as cordas arrebentaram
Sorry!
i love him my adorable big baby
me when drops
OMG! You have to see this. > 89 shares & 3 .
I do and all of them are sad so ima just sit this one out
Am-Orange followed me on that account and 2 days after I had of his resignation. I was hurt
right because you only deserve happiness
stan them soon
I miss Joburg, my place, my car
I never tried mayo but I'm sorry for your loss
true
good night and rest well my bubs two weeks will be fast, i hope i already missed you lol be
im selling my poor body
i wanted to but nobody replied
I demand 2 hours of my life back please and you are culpable to, picking this garbage for super Sunday
We should of known this was coming when we all got excited about the line to
overthinking hayst
Hip hop is now pop music .... So sad
can i have a huge amount of money so i would be able to travel a lot
Well if the case I wanna have a heart.
This guy snapped me ln and said he would buy me dusse if i slid thru i blocked my own blessings by being asleep
I am so nervous to post a Muslim arsd, should I post??
why is Telegraph not on streaming services??? i need it please
twt user gvntlecrime : exposed
And now its happening ....
the fear that i have before
its happing to me right now
obg icone
follow me back
i want him to cover michael version of god only knows
Yeah I thanked her bc it is cute af haha I can dm you the key holder picture aldjksjska but I will
That sucks no more Countryfile either
These Karen heavy eps are a lil bit difficult to get through w/o Frank in the mix
bener-bener ngelembur.
ppl just have a lot of misconceptions about vore
Is this what i think it is?
woke up still no new zayn album, going back to sleep now
Yes penalty cost me
MAN im sick of listening to the same damn shit every single time SOMEONE PLEASE rec some GOOD songs
Damn my bestfriend went ghost on me & i didnt do nothing wrong but keep it real with him .
Watching you like this breaks my heart too sahabat
Im sorry
needy nadia needs a needy cat rn!!!!!!!
Scaries activated
Yeah then all scrambled and lost in thought
I can be so selfish at times
Bub it wasn't like I'm hiding it from you, you were the one who just realized it.
sell my soul for this
slatt
just know i made this with love even though it looks ugly
What happened?
Good morning... he disappeared from my dreams ...
Man this shit still feel real, I never lost anyone close to me before like this I know how to handle it
the biggest disappointment of twilight princess is how the battle music overrides lament
After being fired, Elon-chan resorts to desperate measures
Sorry if I touched you on your studio
Hope I do as well
one of the drunks
a7b donuts
goodnight please dont beat me up for this
hello intellectual queen
one day this cult will grow, i swear
guess ill suck my own titty on the ferris wheel
hey get well soon, and I'm sorry
Lord, I dont deserve all the love you gave me.
Thank you guys, big thanks
ta da
it seems my dad like cats, already talked about it & he said no
but not perfect UNLIKE MY GIRLFRIENDDDD
all alone heart make of glass my mind of stone
Why people love to disrespect
something you've worked hard for.
I liked a video STOP HARASSING COKE STUDIO - Sana's Bucket
caroline hates me because I asked her a simple question press f
days in captivity Thanks to and
yah I know that
Love it Jeff, only have a CD copy
worse than val's catfish case
Every time I get one.. I get the flu
truly
im still sick but ill be ok!! i missed you all seriously
i know right
she actually-
I apologize for the small dick energy you received Nat
Thank you, Lord
just realised that i love kim hanbin more than i should
i stand this!!!!!
My 12-60mm zuiko lens developed a fault this week with the aperture This was one image I was going to discard
he never sings it like this anymore
Death can definitely change a person
Chloes been w her dad all weekend I know shes had a ball playing w her baby sister but I cant wait for her to be back home!
listened
well i guess you found out my secret
Happy birthday
you worry.... you just gotta give me time
Body is in PAIN!!
Libra Sun and moon Sav as ascendant Jupiter Scorpio but Venus Virgo kicks and overcomes passion
OMG! You have to see this. > 89 shares & 3 .
im rewatching it and the fbi put it on my timeline
Yeah same was just outside and it was raining
sorry your group chart on billboard idk what what you want me to do about that
sorry bae
NOOOOO GNSHFBD i love him he deserves to have the best birthday ever my love
this is autobot prowl my battle computer is down
Yep I'm June 18th 1987
Galit pero nag-aalala parin. Huehue. Marufok po si me
Poor kiddos
just the fact someone wasted their talent on this
i wanna do this but im too flat for it
Ya no juego
a nahelly
Revy stay here
He seems sad as well, just seen his latest Instagram live
Halloween isnt scary
Going to be interesting when the truth of vaccines comes out. A lot of sad parents
I get good pics once every few months
Does anyone have a link to jikook maury edit ?
alright tho i hope she blame herself for this
why?
if only rondo spat at me
Yeah I know, that's so sad We are so far away from them... Can't
SJEHHSSFK preach
DKSKSKSKSKSKSKS
JK, RM, JIMIN
ppl would probably think ur a sasaeng tho
How'd you change your mind just like that?
Not why did they give the kid on the right the wrong shoe
I'm naturally this aggressive
I don't appreciate being called a Monster when I walk out of my room with my facemask on
cute how much u like gyuri
Tu me manque
this song would fit him so well
Yeah I woke up at 8am Im usually only outside for max 18 hours an entire
I kinda hate how ya'll been sleeping on her but no one laughed each time I sent them her videos
that makes more sense
Dw I woke up at 3 on Friday
Felt this one
We are very sad for our general of afghanistan raziq
I think looking at tiktok videos killed my Internet it take it
Everton winning but Roy Hodgson is losing? won but at what cost?
*erstwhile*
We will never forget those that lost their lives or whose lives were affected
I can only dream
My puppy Gemma doing well really serious this time and worried
I hope so, they'll zeyal is do nothing except makeing bad decisions
I hope so
sigh i just want a good like yours queen
I just want me and you inside real life
Beep beep! Play ToD with me
ANYONE?!
ion think yall really heard what young boy was sayin on Decieved Emotions I heard you shawtyy
mio still thinks that gonna be offended if he calls me a bottom lmao
me either
Our kids are too embarrased to get involed with this mess
Whats with that sudden confession
Ahh just when I was about to get to the fun part I wanted to write the most, I lost my inspiration
My asthma and emotions letting me sleep
hit or miss
Comeback was real - until it wasnt
i cant believe modest who doesnt work w harry anymore made stage pap pics so he can go to london to his husband my larrie heart
Delore was a top team but now
36. Love Yourself Answer
37. Someone who's really funny
38. 86%
39. Dance practice and being an adult
40.
o fora
my mom thinks she saw la llorona once so it kinda scares me
Yep, they know exactly what they were being paid for.
donghyuck is too petit
god I wish I could like 14 times
watch football
I know but still hais
someone collect their cute, beanpole manz he's lost at the airport
When you want a glass of red wine, then you dont..then you want
should I buy checkered vans for funktion tour or is that too basic
he even need his arm for the match tbh
I hope he doesn't know next weekend, be a entertaining game at old Trafford, gone above us now to
Yes they are
about to see Halloween hopefully they kill my mans
rip
im- you- we-
wow we love a concept queen TIMA SO CUTE LET ME TAKE YOU OUT!!!!!!!!
Gud night to my remaining but real friends
Sorry for your loss bro
Dozed off while watching a movie in bed
No member number
I had a dream I was on an airplane and I had forgotten my headphones. A nightmare indeed
my bad I dragged you for like 4 years straight
actually 24 HMPH
if only yall stanned bts then this wouldnt have been the problem
twitter has it out for me
i need to sleep but cannot sleep without reading any fics or au
There many moods worse than the one I feel when Adam or I goes home, knowing we see each other for another 3 weeks
I WANT TO SOON!!!!!!! ToT ive been rlly behind in the video games department lately.... have u been playin kiwami2???
hes richer than me
We need it
Ok, the puffball was an earthball
A week without Levi......
Levi, i m missing you so much
So let's reminisce those beautiful moments
My first
Send hate
shouldve put foster in goal, steups. If richie could give me a lil assist in 2 mins too id be thankful
only good pics I got from last night
Can he come comfort us at least
School has me stressed tf out
OMG! You have to see this. > 89 shares & 3 .
ihave pictures of my semi trip but its not .... that great ...
i wanna change my icon but im matching with trixie and we're cute
wish I made it to church today
hold up lemme finish my bread look down on me
jungwososonssossso
My papers just flew out the window
Shame ..... but possibly true
Lil note pad
It is. I have 19 moodboards for this ship, all warm and waiting. Some featuring Dodo.
I heard muslims are being killed around Narayi. Kaduna is fucked yo
Oci's soft
Patiently IMPATIENTLY waiting to pay resell cause I know the Ls coming..
They really only giving me one day off next week like thankful but damn
idiotstupiddumbgirl16 so long,
Had a dream that my cat been missing for 2 weeks came home. Woke up and still gone
cheirinho de johnsons baby
Why Juice WRLD wash my president like this on this new tape?
these been debut looks
Very sad read this out a student just died
I don't have time to be depressed about my mom cancelling her visit again.
Ohmy i am so sorry i did not understand that at all
No t shirt for me then
There is nothing more heartbreaking than seeing my mum down and not being able to do anything about it
Watch all of the magi series say that soft but uhh please watch it
until this day I never truly understood how real it was when drake said a sprained ankle is a serious matter
ran out of spoons last night unfortunately but i managed to get at least smth in try and make the
Thinking about all those times I was pushed around in a stroller and even appreciative
ohhhhh thats a bummer!
the only things kirishima hasn't solved in my life was my uglyness but not even kirishima can solve that bitch
.....don't tell me the obvious, i'm y'alls sunbae.
i rly miss the taste of burnt rubber on my tongue
Uhg so sorry love.
Thank you cactus nim
like i know them !! i just listen to them
i miss u
taki taki been a good song if Selena Gomez and cardi b on it
Mayhaps I love them with all my heart
oh yeah shit
Heaven gained another angel this morning
this is really not it omg
Sim
If you know, you know.
oomf can relate
poxa
no more missing their vlives
im awake and in love with him but wbk
why,,
He is literally bringing out everyone I dream to see live
back down to 10th place. We need to stay within the TOP10 to advance into the second round. So, vote~ fighting!
sigh
dory actually those niggas that cant see their dick and breathe so hard while getting up
Richarlison has let me down
i felt the awkwardness on part but can u see me laughing???? i miss OT12
My life first at my age I must take a stand enough of you robbing my life my first or get really hurt or worse
why can't i meet lili reinhart when green and pink shits can
The double standard in life is so frustrating whether on a family scale, friendship or political scale. nauseating
Candy corn is gross
man why florida gotta be the shlong
3 weeks without tight
Maaaaan I swore up and down I was off today
good morning i wish i was eating some pussy for breakfast
as usual, been losing my appetite
so sad that I go because their playing in Newcastle whilst in school. Next time hopefully
Yes finally
THIS is running weather!!! Lonely 12 miler without my buddies but got it done! Countdown is
All been doing this weekend is in bed and sleeping because of how I am
The sulking. I'm a mess.
Got a bad news from home
The tiniest violins.
Thank you
going to miss seeing your choices though. I always enjoy listening to music and
He needs to comfort you first
so that he can give me special comfort after
right??
Please someone help her she is getting desperate
I feel shakey, I keep coughing, and I just threw up my brains.
The Adventureland plague has found me.
NOOO. My baby.
scared to
But I start
Howard again smh
Man.... only 2?! I thought it's the most active one! Nevermind then Do you know any other Amino
MAIS
is that today?
almost 1 am and i still have to finish a speech. WHATS GOOD SISTERS
the gc: *all active, everyone is talking*
me: hi
the gc: ...... *silence*
THIS *****
My back is in so much pain I sleep because everytime I moved, wake up in pain
My life first at my age I must take a stand enough of you robbing my life my life first or get really hurt or worse
vida
hey, where r u when i need u?
they hate me
Ga bisa moveon dr bbq town
black haired donghan will forever be superior
can i stay with you haha a bitch is broke.
all we have still waiting for a fun romcom
im tired
I liked a video EN OT 2018? | MALBERT
Will you ever come to Ireland tho
Ask me anything bored
getting sad af knowing I be able to watch my Texans go to work
Come hangout with me > alone on
hows the weather in grumpyville ry bread
kesian rindu st mary ye
OMG! You have to see this. > 89 shares & 3 .
My dad is trying to do something w me today but all he talks about is how much he like my mom i
at night when the stars light up my room i sit by myself talking to the moon trying to get to you
if only it was real
ITS TRUE THOUGH, THAT TRACK WAS DISGRACED
he said it
BRO this always happens to be
u love 94deviant too much
After beating us 3-0, I thought there had a chance
Jitzu angst,,, i feel like half of jitzu fics are angst blease,, thats so sad
Invalid
I'm no one's header
but we team tagging
sorry I have strict parents
what did oomf do am i too loud i dont wanna talk about and idk if its you
Hope the dog is ok
me too i miss the crazy lady who cut the line
It means you're not that smart, Dokey.
Achaa chalo vein cut lete hai
Maybe time to disown her
f
My sweet baby is back home, right where he belongs.
Just holding her feeling her body become from warm to cold broke me because I wanted to put a cover on her so bad but it was no point.
work on WhatsApp only Twitter cheers
does anyone have scans of unveil polaroids?? wanna make my own photocard
Drifting apart really sucks
Facts
anyway opening at work and paid my rent yet get this bread
Put me In prayers this week going to be full of testing and not ready
u are like king uzi stan i am sure there is something u can do
try snow crabs blue crabs I only eat one if that
i hope one day i can see it with my own eyes
anyways this girlie made it out of the test room alive after NMAT but not expecting for a good result
damn but michael just wants u to be his luke is ur best friend and hes always joking that his mom can help u
I get it
me and nat so hyped about our nose piercing but rip to our nose piercings
immmmmmm. warmly anticipating all khw content one of my otps so
just what we say here
Zim cricket is depressing, it's one thing guaranteed to spoil your weekend,
i have to go and do my homework hanbin bub i love u so much
ugh im not in the mood for any of that i just want to edit
only a few hours in my open-close shift and already COVERED head to toe in makeup this get this i guess
I mean we've gotten pressure this year but Sacksonville isn't what it used to be
I wish I could do this, but my backseats there LMAO.
I hope so
i LOVE mexican rice
Every nhc account I follow on ig has been noticed by nhc 29384939 times but I haven't gotten noticed at all omg this is a scam
im actually really upset that im not seeing joji today
LPG FOI CANCELADA
Omg wait I thought you replied this under the tiddie tweet omg I'm so sorry I'm so dumb
i'm sowwy for saying fuck taeil and his 2:11 line
like now and pro bono
Tu as de la chance
Maybe running to his motorbike, let him breathe Hasna
i miss sleeping under these :( paola should let me borrow her mexican cobija
omg send me link so i can cry over it
gonna go shower and finally start studying.
I love you beautiful
ur one of the like three irls that knows me on this cursed acc and i commend you for sticking around i love you lots you funky boy.
When will i stop forgetting words in english or spanish, spanglish ain't cute
IM SORRY FOR GETTING SO ANGRY OVER A BOOK . I JUST . Am angry
be
That's another movie that I was curious about but wasnt sure I wanted to watch so just read the wiki
you. still played me back in 8ball
He is in my starting 11.
I want nothing more in this world right now than my peace and sanity.
It does go off tho
i was going to do 11:11 last night but i got sleepy
This hit home
Joons future partner is so lucky to marry the president of the universe
I always fuck everything up..
ugh right...the public hate lewis but i live in denial city so i hear you
wish it weren't true
Sorry
I'll not view.
I'm depressed & wound are so injured
it was a joke
I want Sunday brunch
Move to Michigan
damn I really did miss the opportunity to see Lauren Ambrose in MFL huh
raise both of yo hands pls
If armys themselves stop posting about this no one gonna go panic I didn't even knew about this since I block
OMG! You have to see this. > 89 shares & 3 .
Miss my grandma more than anything
Already not loving today bad dreams literally always ruin my day
For Kabum
a crackhead
Over thinking one of the most dangerous disease
omg
when will i ever have this opportunity?
sighs, i just want someone to cuddle me and give me soft kisses everytime before i go to sleep.
okay,, I need to get this off of my chest,,, this whole time I've been lying to yall this is what I actually
rafee is so far up there, selfish bitch let me have a place to settle down at
Deserved diamond but ok.
We miss our legend
Dynasty the same without Cristal.
i want something louis related
All these last handshakes
Me caring for my man if in his feels
i caved and made a kpop acc so i have to just like posts now
it be real that 90 year old back
i really i want to leave denver everyone and everything here is so cute i feel like i ~belong~ here i wanna go home
Little bitch boy :( I dance with another girl though
We cool no mo
Wow u calling the cops now? just say u hate immigrants and go
sighs, i just want someone to cuddle me and give me soft kisses everyday before i go to sleep.
But Joonie is there
mx and exo coming for us
Annnnd he is useless again.
If martial keeps form, he will be in my team. Better than this Brazilian Bebe
oziels IG post made my heart hurt , I know the pain
Amazingly so! Even though Halloween and Thanksgiving happened. Sigh
so sorry to hear that
iTs one of last names
they look so good
Growing up cute.
RIGHT! if only we got more footage of him playing the guitar he did say his favorite music was rock once though so
Q saudade do meu amor
I have family live in France but I can't going that's hard
guess gonna have to hoe for it that deep
a leticia
I need to go to Mexico, always happy there
show me ugly ass some love pls
IM FINE??????? DNA??????? COFFEE?????? war of hormone's lyrics are shxt but it still slaps
Thank you! I hate spamming her mentions asking her but she know unless I tweet her
Grandma hospitalised again. Hope she's fine
even flex w my mommas car cause she said I got my own
all these selfies and no one to send them to
being ugly the wave anymore help im stuck
thanks. I felt bad bc I ride well enough with my leg to have spurs on jumping, I guess I may
really in my feels
delete your whole phone
scan ma photo
2M people don't
well.. tea
I literally have not slept in a solid week
oh no she what a loser
a praying session amen
Truuue he loved it too and he pulled it off so well!! I miss it
If only you put that level of care and attention in to your friendships two
It happened to a friend. Accidentally.
Yo ver a
You and I are alike so if you say trash so it probably is
Mb enta some other local trash
Anytime I see a comment like that, I become a bit more self conscious
Efrain broke my phone last night. I know it was a accident but fuck
Not that bad nor been on in like 3 days
Sorry stress lang meron ako
Jealous
Also colours
Me everytime I followed them back
Rip it be like that sometimes
kinkshame me
I'm born again but I can't do without beer
Ma3eh?
It makes me sad that we get to see KIki everyday anymore. Zayn always asks for her and when I tell him not here he gets so sad
got dropped from the HOOLIGANG so any squads tryna pick me up
I'm to be your safe PLace
I'm out here tryna support these tweets but it's getting harder and harder
my bff got two minutes to see this tweet and take her to get pho
please really not shdkdbsn
rarepepi said it best man, we miss a legend
rereading the same dowoo ao3 fics and aus pls anyone make new fics or au of them i ran out things to read
We want shisanyama too
Why is he always glitching
Real talk, my family made me gain 7lbs in two weeks.
i feel exactly the same
If I could I would. I only have enough rare candy to do one.
Giles and Obi leaving
never been to a pumpkin patch OR carved a pumpkin before and that thought makes me very sad considering I
believe actually been productive
mianhae i mean sorry
Literally the saddest feeling ever
I wanna punch you gemesly
Another L
like this and ill associate u with meme
Co-ask
Too many cocktails
Only one second
Luka
When you nd your eX wanna call each other but both have zero balance nd no call pkg
It's hurt more than every thing in the world
i remember this was the same day jin said jimin looks like a pig,, it was a joke but everyone got mad
Oh man, that sucks
Need some dick to suck mood
That's so
At least I pinch butts like my hyungs did it to me
I miss u already
Every day is a battle
So much meaning in
kdks it was supposed to b today right
It says their tweets are protected but tyyyy
Everybody has somebody but me
He is just not connecting with the voters..... This is a huge problem if Trudeau is to be kicked to the curb in 2019
Since you are apparently not single tell me your secrets. APPARENTLY??? WHATS THAT SUPPOSED TO MEAN??? also
Okay
Listening to Euphoria right now and start crying
I miss them
what kind of paint did you use
Not everyone ages gracefully. Smh
Screaming out THE GUYS
But it's true I'm not really good at keeping conversations.
Same here
never been to a pumpkin patch OR carved a pumpkin before and that thought makes me very sad
the state of palestine is lindier than the state of is rael
! he deserves better ! yoongi is such a pretty name just like him
dfjksssfs stop i know,,, amber's impact
TRU it took me a while but i really love them the most but i haven't stanned a group w younger idols since then
mais tg meuf
Sorry, I Failed to manage my Time...
It's always aishi make make another roti never aisha would you like to eat the roti
Can you please add me I wanna join
We still gone
even sitting down you look tall and pretty
Moots that i always talked too might never recognize and just drop me
yall did dramafever dirty
sooo beautiful and soothing
WORST CYPHER I EVER HEARD COME OUT OF SA...
ty for being a part of my life sry for all the cheese a bitch just felt inspired
Chino hates my car actually I think he has anxiety about my driving! awww poor baby & I know some people who
i wanna do this
Damn I wish this was true, I miss my granny man
believe Hayley Kiyoko met Erika imagine being this blessed
i Will and nothing wrong, but i just knew ur last song would be a five sauce one
why is she so cute
Since everyone in my tl was doing it ig im gonna do for I won't feel left out hehe
Same!! I love visiting castles!
I know not out for so long
missing out on quality soulmate content
this makes me want to cry
annoying hour again
the reason we kneel
I can only speak one oof
Me: no one understands my references
My references: all goofy
Do you have a girlfriend kuya feve? Sadly wala AHHAHAHA
i cant play nowadays tho my computer is dead
So much meaning in what have we done to the ? Look what done
why james fauntleroy have to take james joint off SoundCloud
but they sell it near me
I do it sry
please sir may I have a good comeback
Thank you I try
in love
i see how it is
Spent another 129 for premium
I need my rest without any distraction purdy pls
talked to dhow since Tuesday damnear in my feelings
I love you too I'll never get tired of saying this
Unfortunately, no. Our club lives on a shoestring budget.
is seeing venom now and i already miss them
insta pic is from like 2015 why is he such a baby in love w him
I think overreacting
Lmao do it the selfies make you look fat but I still love it
I'm kind of depressed about the whole scene right now. The lunatics with the loudest voices are winning.
despicable me
i would but i have my sisters birthday party like right by my house and not going anywhere since I have to help
my birthday is in 5 weeks and still a fat bitch
only on the Kindle here
this app is kinda garbage but follow me on v2 i need a sense of belonging and i miss my vine days
mon ange
Shit sleepy
Not something I want to release
oh no this it, i want a refund
I DON'T KNOW SHWBDBSBEJD I JUST DO DON'T FEEL SHAME ME
Lelo mor k
i heard hella people got shot last night
My legs hurt they are cold
Nah but I checked for Candy. Unfortunately there any
i NEVER listen to something great, when it came on i was like this snks listened to that in 4ever
i wish it was an anime
"Im just striving to survive behind this smile, Ive known hard times..
euijin is cancelled for today until further notice. or until he does something nice. also feeljin ,,,
i wish i was friends with ***** im too much of a puthy to dm first tho
Ditto
this content of taegiseok
3 points incoming for them next weekend
the bestest bestest boy
neos_salad classified solo stans as one of the worst types of nctzens. Like, bruh HAVE U BEEN ONTO WEIBO?!! To
Friends who ditch you for someone else are the worst
this content of taegiseok
Please don't bby you're one of the only people I enjoy talking to on this goddamn bird app
Ah
SORRY they said i can only tag one mutual
.
i just wanna get this shirt for the day6 concert
Eu vou ficar tristeeeeee
exactly
getting an Apple Music account just so I can make a Christmas playlist
I loved them all ugh
i wanna nut in this chick but BOTH girls
i feel like jimin is lowkey homophobic
not how hoseok when did hold his hand he just held it with one finger. sope really dead huh
I miss mubank fridays icb we were blessed each week with cute otw looks and then cute mc moments the best time to be an irene stan
Can someone tell this girl to marry me already
Gotta wait 7 more hours here BBC America.....
I was too late
val if you don't know how i feel why would you said that
kobe taken better pics
they ain't bad if you fuck with some of the members
i just want pictures of zoey at the drake concert
my sunday motivation
yeah it's the sacrifice I had to make
Sometimes? Feels like most of the time, being a Palace fan.
gorgeous bb
Feel ya pain Toon support. So least you're not bottom
The worst thing about being lied to is knowing you weren't worth the truth
my least funny tweets always do the best . why
trying to change
really been a year since you left me. Still think abt you daily
i totally agree with you dude its not good to cross breed
Why you be honest with me
crying too and yeah I kind of figured I would just off the fact of who his dad is
why is family fighting
wish someone could just come over but
This is just crazy this year. Is this going to be the norm for future HHN RIP Tour may be the way to go in the
still sad that they play mana last night
My favorite is combat though.. a shame they do it anymore..
prove it by replying back to me
I sleep
The good ol days
oh damn
Same
Promote 3x03 perhaps bored and it feels like forever give us SOMETHING
Been craving it for 2 weeks straight now
He's a conservative Taylor wouldn't do that to me
im not in the mood
Going to miss my girl today
A social life
24 hours
uwu baby boy
Jarta I want to go home
Disney fast play was never fast
thanks fake atleast one of the boys appreciates me
Here too, trouble is that this time next week be pitch dark at this time
happy for my friend JC COX USA Go to Gold Final
and sad for Alireza Mohammad KARIMIMACHIA IRAN
give some love to my pinned
going to watch beat some mofos up so I can feel better
RIP
i am opening up to y'all this is me and i am watching u
2am kst and my sleepy ass just woke up...... i hope im not too late for this
TRYINGI was doing so well before this weekend
What now?
fuck off i tweeted that
Sorry girlfriend
hey i like your tweets
neos_salad classified solo stans as one of the worst types of nctzens. Like, bruh HAVE U BEEN ONTO WEIBO?!! And
People are out here being loved, can't relate
he was waiting for u to continue
some people can never learn but im trying to teach them
This is crazy
Night
thanks for preaching sister
Omg that's so expensive, but it looks worth it
We start feel there is no way madrid can win the liga
This feel is really bad
Dear
Please win today.
Kind regards,
All your Red Bulls fans
P.S. we miss you
49. Truth Untold
50. Fight for my Way & Descendants of the Sun
acting like i WONT suck his dick on this good sunday morning
not my best photo, but at least now we know i'm not catfishing
i only like tweets from the tl i dont even HAVE a list bc i'm too low maintenance for that
Damn, I felt this
Rob fucking loved Halloween. And football. I'm taking the year off from both...
The struggle
yep i'm blind
When Am I Ever Gone Get A Good Nigga
got way too much time to be this hurt, somebody help its getting worse Malibu nights//
guess we meetin
So they must click on it???
How pathetic..
I wish my tiddies allowed me to wear shit like this
Where no more Pussy cause u ate it all
Ow girl come here let me hug you, I'm feeling gloomy too
I wish I could qualify
we lost bp too
krk is underrated
Always.
pls come back now
lmao its sad bc shit like this affects me way more than it should but i cant stop.
damn i bet your a part of the kkk huh sad life for a whip cracker BYE
...who? Ive never interacted with them and blocked. confusion
I miss my mom , dad , my sister and my cat a little too much today
I am so lost I even know what my dream is
if it can make people starve a bit less
Hey did you know that hum..I love rosie so fucking much
why are we sleeping on nico and the niners in general
rip to tha realsst mf
all of who have bts in your lives, i feel so sorry, your life must be terribly sad
y'all have the right to murder me
Not only is Chick-fil-A closed on Sunday but also chicken salad chick AND the highland.
la fin du week-end..
His girlfriend is thick and pretty
Ohh sorry you wanted fluff?? We can switch to fluff sorry let me fix it I'll remove the nsfw part
Selena the one posting throwbacks with him when they dating, or talking about him in interviews
Thanks for reaching out! We're sorry you're experiencing this issue with your new device We're
Sigh nobody respects my trashy opinions
The neglect I have foreseen this weekend
you a whole dumb bitch blank tease
Never and is not the only one
I don't know yet, Chris....
Mornings on the farm
Feeling like I'd rather watch plants grow than watch soccer this am
I KNOWWW horrible but even if they go off it backfires on them
im pretty sure its matt
You guys already going there
Life has been so bad I need a Eagles W today...
The zoo is only 19$ and this weather good asf but i dont have anyone 2 take
I need Netflix/Hulu shows or movie recommendations. PLSSSSSS
R.I.P. little Angel
Come back to San Antonio I get to see you
A day
If I never knew you
hurts so much to see my family this way
it was one of the first ones posted
Yeah, I guess it's true
I also rarely visit amino anymore.
Being admin on a fanpage is a hard
Oh God please forgive me.
This story man
i guess we goin see tahlia since chi a bitch
Rain wi
Sadly never been
hello aaa my fingers are crossed
G*d only know what awaits these people.
Im sure Yoongi knows we all tried to do it.. its not right to blame or compare.
Still can't sleep
always someone else for you out there.
wait what Santi does not really have a crush on me?
Sad to send of my pc off as I had the 3 long bleep and 3 short bleep error code
really struggling at the moment
hate it when your whore moans are all over the place?
be cute af if i knew how to do my make up
A part of China that will NEVER let you see
mo its fine im fine
Well I don't know what to say to you But when I say young I mean like 30 so we still have time
loml
i requested fly me to the moon by frank sinatra, hope he sees it
Me: Living alone is amazing.
Also me: I miss waking up to a kitchen with hot cooked food on
This really (really!) should not be controversial
I'm getting old
i spent a whole 5 min on making this header
why did that gal have to sing the last song kris was apart of when he was in exo sjdksks
Hey thIS WAS STRAIGHT FROM THE HEART
starting to think I might be lactose intolerant
I want cake
am i not already ur spouse single is my middle name and am ready to mingle
logarithmic function patulugin mo na ako pls
Hungry for sweet popcorn
indeed you have
It appears Philip Rivers did not
SOMEONE PLEASE TELL ME HOW TO GET RID OF HICCUPS. BESIDE HOLDING MY BREATH, that work.
i dont blame kuroo i mean if i had a bf as amazing as bokuto i would show him off too
Same, I'm the only one who's not
I just started thinking bout zip & shedded a few tears, I miss you thug
I thought u were the only to take such drama to a more mature way tbh
I do not understand how people have cars. I feel like such a burden on life asking them to drive me around...
thanks
Wow just remembered I bring cake home from ydeys dinner. Smh played myself
i wish every day could be like today,, it was fun. except not on my own bc i am so tired of being alone
If anyone wants to go get food or smoke that would be great, I need a distraction
Bhai plz me nai bataya kisko
I really be out here like
Hes our sunshine
i just want to be dead na
my dad paid for it but i'm getting that taken out of the money they use for my birthday and christmas so rip
If this so sad & shocking, it might be funny!! What are people on? The world has moved on in leaps and
Yeah, next season in the Championship.
ben kicked me from my own group call
...
Been waiting for weather all week and I have to be stuck inside
ME:
ALSO ME: Years of boxing, kickboxing, boot camps and cardio workouts... TRY ME!
I needa get shit off my chest
damn I felt that
last night was so fun
Alot of good people have turned just because of one bad deed done to them.
It should not be so
no originality first u copy my height and now this
universe must have my back, fell from the sky in to my lap
be at work and be able to watch it ... i hate night shifts
KSJSKSK thank you!! a lot of people say my tweets are scary,,,,i dont see it but ilyt
Madara was even making moves when he was reincarnated that man never stops
Hope all will be resolved well. Keeping fingers crossed
I have like 5 more assignments to finish until Tuesday, 1 until tomorrow rip us lol
Me neither
I guess I'm breaking the mutual
OJALA Y HUBIERA UN QUE ARRANCARA LAS JARDINERAS DE TAJO, RAO CACAO, PUTAS JARDINERAS ESTUPIDAS QUE DAN MIEDO
Okay B
my heart hurt so bad
I love roller coaster 'cause that's the only chance I have to be above everyone
short ppl problems...
Imma miss my fortnite duo
It's been more than 6 months and my ovary is still crying in pain
i thought we would have time to rest after the the first part of the tour
i love my speed loving biker boys SO much UGH
Not Mario
me too omghsjs it was so exhausting and stressful but we made it
It is not too late to appreciate Les is it?
It's sad that it's not coming to Belfast this year.
Not my boy KT
please. disrespect billie like this. sorry billie
smh why would i ever be that shady!!!
shut up i deleted it
When your Uber driver says he really really did not want to pick you up buzzkill
smh why would i ever be that shady!!!
dont break the mutual . free kiko
Ugh that did not look good at all
Kinda blowed Baby Rasta & Gringo didn't perform "El Carnaval" last night
another goal I have for my body is to stop skin chafing my thighs depend on hygiene powder
neos_salad classified solo stans as one of the worst types of nctzens. Like, bruh HAVE U BEEN ONTO WEIBO?!!
this is really sad and shocking
Freaking Joseph Khant still blocked me but the rest has
i also saw cancer
I love you and you deserve the whole wide world and nothing but happiness
WE HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT 2 THINGS AT THE SAME TIME
Someone threw a water bottle at me last night and calling off work bc I have back problems now, thx guys
Caroni river done in a mess n atm place dark n gloomy
We have these things in Siaya
sorry fam
im seeing some bad takes, fellas
that "you don't own anyone anything" tweet is still stupid. sorry gamers
On how i wish namjoon would sit on me naked
Have to be strong coz I have no choice but to let people go
Dont Wanna Feel The Way I Feel About You
When you are stalking on Facebook and you see something you wanna see
The chocolate bit back
It's sad when you start dating/liking someone and then they ignore you for nor reason...
i was talking in stan twitter language and someone said makes no and then started bullying me
Why did you have to leave me.
i'm ashamed i haven't hit you with a follow yet, i'm sorri but we gonna get this bag though
does anyone have an xbox and wanna play minecraft
It's so sad when all ur life u love trucks but when u drive 1,u totally dislike d feeling. I can't believe I dislike wat I love.
Maybe... just maybe... The Bears are all who we thought they were.
i even afford to buy off the dollar menu sorry -yesi OMG YESI EJEJD
Want a kfc
thats all what I have for pay the bills ... Having a financial crisis
Cant find the car keys omfg this is toooo much.
all my fault
you gotta admit it coulda been name, though.
lrt and some people whose names rhyme with smarah think a top
same its so much better to cook it
Tch tch
It was the first for many ppl I know. I seen it and difficult to find nowadays
Oh sad to hear
hello cute sir
CLC We miss you
Cheshire We always support you ,and always beside you
I was actually really looking forward to going home for homecoming but I have a presentation that day... sooo I
I find anything relating to the UK, so maybe just in the USA. sad to hear such news
you will be missed kiddo
I need more twice and red velvet mutuals
im guessing you dont have it for pc?
Depressed
people who can show love for their ult >>
am ready to cry my fkn eyes out, my hands are shakey as fkk.
it really b like that
maaf aku udah pinter
well we already went down streaks
k*lling u sounds nice
us currently
making out while listening to fallingforyou is my dream
PAW BRAIN: CANT BE THAT O
DONT WANNA BE THAT PERSON u see mutuals horny on
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
i wish i could make you smile, make you laugh like doing w/ me
I thought moved on but why is it that your memories kept haunting me?
i used to have a FAT crush on the italian dude from The Goonies but a couple of years ago i found out a trumpie
ughhhh hate that for u
Sunday evenings are made for the ultimate chill-out
Aww that sucks hun
I had someone leave me a 1 star for the item taking too long to arrive...from the
Vee Noona are you back from the kitchen yet?
We miss you, the whole music industry is hopeless with out you
preciso ir ver
I go then, because my parents let me because I have school the day after
How silly we are.
My shoulder is absolutely killing me need it rubbing and be nice to meeeee
I known Gubut You-tube freeze is many many time
no greater betrayal than biting into a meat pie, expecting meat, and tasting tuna of all fillings
PTTDDERR mood
Pero no con shots its de vodka. Si fuera seco shie
i say the same about you, legend
give me clout pls
On babies
ai donghan parece um bebe fico triste
In your dream hyung
I already search it. i haven't found em
Fall in love again-nim i'm so sorry but after listening to Niji album on loop i kinda love snowflake more than you
Thank you so much! been feeling like pooh lately
I believe this is happening in 2018
mad I can never sleep in anymore
Kaduna people...stay safe!!! know why we keep doing this to ourselves
Ugh i want to go there soo baaaad, please pick me up with your private jet. Well for me, i think im a
hyunjin is promoting the new release from queen of finland so well finnish stays maybe we do matter
each city* let me not underestimate my boy.
my first day of work and I had a dream that Will never really left, ya do this.
will if i tattoo the couch on myself?
Best Perfect beautiful woman is Beshine shocking the cam is Beshine
31. Day
32. Ye I do
33.
34. -kms
35. Liked since 2013
36. every exo nuest and nct album ever released
i still check your last seen imissyousomuch MM
Oye rober me dice reina
First week of separation
show my ugly ass some love pls
someone save me there is a fork located in my ass
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
I have seen enough
From every angle... It breaks my heart anytime I see this
3 months more and i can quit my job
So tired
I could punch my niece.....thanks to her I want pizza
roblox is so toxic
Will notice me if I tattoo the couch on myself
That was me as brd
been so inactive bc of college apps
I drafted the wrong Vikings receiver
You too? Keep seeing this acc name a lot lately. For stealing work of others.
Been feeling so sad & I have a single friend here (besides my bf who is amazing & wonderful but also
Jaksja yeah, we trust in no one
same i had shows i was watching on there
Why am i even friends with you? I do not deserve this torture on my days off...
That's what is keeping me
remind me
but......
and also we only have unb in common
wait TOMORROW?! a bitch ready
dont want his asshole to be fucked up like mine
I'm worried its rumored that ronda broke your nose is that true?
i said welcome in all caps
Me too brother
I had one slice left that i was gonna cook but it smelling right so i had to throw it away
3 movies and 3 deaths i just one nice romantic comedy with lots of lovely cute scenes
Say it in Yoruba
I think it is . Thank you!!!
got my kicks sounding like a hit from a nerf bat
Oh no!! sorry to hear. That sucks.
A very happy birthday to you though! I honestly hope the rest
left handed by the way
You are ignoring me..
welcome to the club
Sorry to hear of the mixup Nick, this isn't what we wanted for you We hope things have now been
Damn... I really just got called a Hentai on twitter
Lmaoooo
BRIGHTSIDE POST: Came out to this after church last night BUT 1) no one got hurt or anything and 2) got to
me if they ever send me the damn tracking number on my ciaran shirt
Well... Is that means I'm not one of that special people?
Darn chief why you do Xbox like that
Being and adult is telling yourself that you have coffee at home
LET ME LIVE WITH MY DREAM BTS COLLABS
I know how that shit feel
Lmaooo. My bad. Tunde Musa is the only Tunde that readily comes to mind. It's been eons. How's it going, my man?
Sorry buddy, on your own...
sorry if upset with me
Don't kick me while I'm down
When will all of this go away?
we bought a chest of drawers from your store in lakeside but missing a handle
im an angery yakuza who loves dogs to death . i also owe people a lot of money
Let's get out of here together.
por 3 dias ainda
Dont let me flop please
Before, I couldn't afford a drum set. Now, I can but I don't have anywhere to put it.
poor bron. surrounded by hoodlums
i just want to document what happened here so i can remember in the future
May Allah protect us.
Testify.
why Jae
1 month na.
I ALREADY READ THAT FIC
I said the same thing last night
Jadi saya harus gimana jie?
idk what water is i just know sf and la
Being an adult is telling yourself that you have coffee at home
I want one
All i play is tourneys
i just wanna know
their vpn broke remember
wtf does 69 your mean
its not put in on worldwide you'll see
Wake Me Up
candice sweetie
We rooted for that Ariana collab until the end
i miss weed shops
do other stans exist i want oomfs
he didn't leave imma be up real early tomorrow
We struggle to run the ball all year so handle it off on the 1 foot yard twice.
What an absolute hero ! a shame they make people like him anymore
I should've let go of diggs
How could i ask? if i already know the answer
Always the child. Always.
You ever go to a flea market with high expectations and get disappointed by the lack of stuff there?? Yeah, that was us
nu uh we first each other so he ate bambams ass last night
a dj already discarded Ariana but we keep dreamin
I'm too weak to pull myself together
You dodged all the bullets wow idek how they found me
i cant help that the internet in 2015 ruined my brain forever by burning the lyrics into it with shrek memes
A couple of us fell off when we added a plus two to the group
i always get sexually attracted to you. like i think im so crazy to say this. HHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA DI NAMAN AKO
right
really having trouble dating in KSA they never say what they want directly unless about having sex
too nice to treat people the shitty way they treat me smh
get out of my life
is everyone asleep today
super deluxe fired bc a meninist
bitch sorry i barely got here, meet up tho
My whole world just crashed in the matter of a few hours
it was funny i remember I used to use that to describe everything in German sorry though I talk again.
I not U
hey. Could you do a fan video.
WAIT MIA IS THIS YOU jskdkd girl you spelled wrong
Post the last thing you copied on clipboard I didn't copy anything..
Oh no- i almost wrote it as smol kissy if irene unnie saw that she would laugh at me until Christmas
their fries are better too
come on man. No streaming or radio?
Same
scared
Americans lack decorum hey
it be like that sometimes
Every fucking time I go out and have on a cute outfit I forget to take a picture
I miss the old youu
If I can't get in the ocean I need things for the pool keep me from not having a boring swim. Baby shampoo for
he's my ideal type! so handsome
i get it hate me
And I'm jealous as shit
whoever stole my wallet I hope your poor ass enjoys spending all of my money
Sadly yes
our generation
I'm so sorry
Tanks a lot...
...
...
see myself out.
how much can i still send
i think i have anyactual korean mutuals . ur all just koreaboos
It's been a year now since my passed away.. .. .. .. missing him and praying for him always
Wish I could take this pain away from my twin I stop thinking about it
I mean... he was there at the far left but they decide to shoot ot8 over and over again
timetocryagain
I thought today was Saturday but it's Sunday
called it army
what if you become one and like it?
Sorry dude from the nice Canadians
127 told us to shake that ass but taeyong even be fucking honest
ikinda wanna try cupping tho . it sounds nice
i didn't want to be alone
thanks for the warning king
Failed at finding them the perfect forever home , now i guess i have to create it for them Never thought i
i dont wanna stop talking about this like, ever
no one is online
Not until Tuesday morning did you?
she hates me
Please leave my chubby cheeks alone
Tomorrow be 4 years shizaire been gone when I tell I miss him so much
you delete it i know i ruined it i shouldnt have said fluff
look at my baby in his element art meets art again
te amo reina d mis palacios
It's sug's A
I wanna dress up for Halloween
I accepted all those scholarship offers and played college football
simply saying thank you for meet me in the hallway enough but.. thank you <3
Still watched Star Wars/ Star Trek and getting grilled for it
Lord, i see what doing for others
Ya jungwoo what's wrong with your face, YA! Protect oud image you get it
They're missing out on a lovely person Or their accounts might be getting suspended? o:
eu queria que me mostrasse Stray kids e the Boyz
i'm still in uni bc i have no other options
not you never ily
Precisoooooo para hoy
miss her everytime
Who ever knew being a single mom would be so hard at times
be depressed go out and make new friends talk to people
Te mucho mi vida
Olorun saanu mi, Arsenal we stil Dey 5th
Them renaissance fest hoes was tryna make me take my shirt off
Goodbye Shannon
do moths make sounds because istg i just heard this thing making a sound
Mr. Kwon im kinda worried now if the PH event is legit
Bring back suppressed SMG
almost there
i only unfollowed 6 people
NFLDNDLDNDM teamo
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
Hate when my friends are sad
tonight we PRAY for bts at the disco
i stole this from the tl, please don't let it flop
Bad luck
shdjdkdbdu imagine being excited abt this only to find out u have read this at least 3 times already
Sad news. RIP
*sighs*
Stop lying and tryna involve me in Asian twitter
pick me came on this spotify playlist i'm so sorry ioi but i Had to skip ngl ioi was given bad title tracks,
Sam said tss it be like that honestly someone have let me make this decision because look at me now
when u get home from work and wanna sleep and she in sexy lingerie
mixed my drinks
consumed today: saging, taho, hopia, green tea latte, and a ham and cheese croissant whyyyyyy
Im sorry I fed those squirrels sunflower seeds (without shell) last year in the park
Manchester United 10th
this dumbass right here
Not there yet unfortunately
but
I'm a bad person
Hm...... i miss uh
he model
This is not fair can you give me a chance to finish the pick up line
eu triste
halsey said no more collab
Go back in the past instead
i'm desperate pls, i need money before january
I wish I could give Julian Edelman a phat kiss
Las de ese chat me tratan mal, les hice chicas?
Ended eggso sunbaenim
Just tell us your make up has finished
I it aged
this was as good as i could get for A2
I tried to make myself pancakes and my mom came and told me she got this
I have limited resources please
So much to say
am i the only one who isnt blocked by anyone. damn. not even that jahn gyy after spamming him
with this whole billboard thing arising the 12am kst phobia is starting to resurface
My friends are in bikinis, boating and eating alcohol for brunch .. home cleaning like a dominican Cinderella
sorry to flex on y'all with my zamboni
why do I always like short guys
But this is the worst
living rent free
If anyone has my number please text me ur name . Lost all my contacts
if i said i want your body would you hold it against me cause you feel like paradise I need a tonight
i almost have every bts album i feel so proud of myself
BTS is frying the one braincell left
um anjo
Ugh asdfhjk this isn't fair, I just wanna be with you
Un super show en No?? Bueno
either ava or bio, I can't make a decent one Mind to help me solve this problem, ahjussi?
i'm desperate pls, i need enough money before january lEt Me WoRkKKk
the only place that will accept me;
i just wanna see my cat
I got mine this morning
UGH I sent you the magazine though
I'm whipped
Just ate a toaster strudel with no icing because I find it in my freezer
absolutely heatbroken to have dreamt I was with my dog and woken up away from him
feel shit no more
should i post my m&g without the sticker
bts might be starting a new era and yes....i dont get any albums yet
for next chap if anyone cares
This is why I miss my place in Ft. Myers Beach it's 39 degrees here in Michigan lol
Why can't the Jaguars have something special like this
so can jimin post a selfie! been a few days feeling deprived
dm me too many
I get so sad when people say get this because I wanna get some bread
it slaps
I feel like Ohio State lost because I only watched the first series and fell asleep
My Chargers Are Back
Bought a taco kit and missing the taco seasoning
wanna make a thread of wonu looking like this cat
more like 25. had nothing but trouble with my body since then
After the next five fixtures.
ears are so cute
and if sharing art = spreading bts gospel the power point is half way done (really)
me explica mooo
a Veronica but okay
This offense is so predictable
trying to take care of my weight
bangtan boys machin chose
i had so much fun at home this weekend, the thought of having to go back to braam saddens me deeply
read the lyrics to some songs off their older albums but I gotten to reading all of them
sad
me too!! grgr lo si zhir pls notify me lah if you find one ;u;
Ugh yess tell me his name firstly
you dare insult him like that I will not allow it
I think met any of my followers yet
i just wanna talk to whoever told my grandma that be good to drink ur own urine to get rid of infection LMAO too gullible
bruh i looked so good last night i didn't even take pics but thanks to all the girls that said i looked cute
I saw it. take photos because an idiot. I failed you, sorry
Makeup closet is clean and organized. Maybe next week organize all the hair stuff.
Tfw when someone outside you with 2 seconds left it just feels bad, I was winning one for 5 days
Educated brat and egoistic bastard with no brain know do not finger in between a wife and space which rooting separation
OK
chanyeol covering this
!
Leave my son alone, Meteora was a good album
This Domo & Crissy bit is a mess.
Studies can be annoying i dont do them as much as I should either. So i just use a lot of refs when I draw
Another weekend without any?
another evening of our sky broadband being on and off. Happened earlier this week
There really is so much apartheid against hubbly hey
Can it just end already
When will I be able to sing again
can you believe niall had the nerve to sing this town and paper houses back to back in my presence
this is what I mean when I say I want a goth gf
No wonder all these STL kids want to go to Ohio St
I really felt myself recently and I know what to do about it
read the lyrics to some songs off of their older albums but I had the chance to read all of them
hungry. plz mom. just give me anything. i will eat dads foreskin. just give me food
Craig just found out about cancer
Mi suegra is the best for always making me feel better when hungover
lucky practically whipped for you
Ugh...
I'm so sorry Mrs. Megna.
Was just going to make a SASSY joke about CSS
I know how to feel about this
Bon beh et puis j'ai
just want a steak with sweet potato casserole and au gratin
call back hopefully
I'm used to waking up 6am so even if my alarm doesn't go off I wake up around 6:15 some days
Phone been real dry lately
applications are still open, someone please date me
all 3 meals r Soup and water
The only regret I carry in life is not being able to see Prince or Mike in concert
He said, he has nothing to do with my pain
I always have been treated
I'm cracking up as I expected
Jimin is making me miss my blue hair so sad
ASTRO215
besties tho
Playing the alphabet song on Bon Voyage was a hint, we just didn't pick up on it
mustve been the wind
still cute tho
Vanilla is somewhat okk but niggas lactose got no choice
but it's still smth i came up with use it on ur bday
I always wanted a ...
I even explain what happened to me last night but sorry
Ughhh please i need new dates tomorrow nak jugak nangis dlm cinema plus i wanna give pcs to the one who go
saddle up poc homlets gc wilding
hOly shit rip
I missed my favorite birthday Happy belated, one of the few good eggs
Jidhar apna crush hai
Udhar sala rush hai
Is liye filhal time pass ke
Liye candy crush hai...
u can do better
ik
Tom Brady....
There is something really wrong with me...
I just want us to all be at home
t tro gentill josi mrc bocou bocou
We are glad you are back !!
We were missing you
Welcome back love
Thank you so much for caring that's the best of you
It be the ones that tuck and still have their gun on em
Nope not going anywhere . Sorry about your headache
There was a time where Dennis wouldn't have thought twice about bringing me
I love you ^^ have a wonderful day ily too sweet thank you
My baby girl is sick she has a cold and sad!
i could never be a hand model with my weird ass fingers
Cut off all my hair
Some Uni we dey inside SHS saf dem no fit do we this
babyboy
tbh//KDNXN I STAN YOU, ur funny asf and relatable, i swear that groupchat is hella dead tho
it really do be like that
I just wish I could the Lions game out here
Going into the office on a Sunday
deserved number one but shake it off freaked on it
Oh JAMMIN jammin
blatantly stolen from a moot say hi to the best emojis
friends
i wanna be friends
ur my crush
plz choke
I want a man to give me a spooky basket for halloween
I guess I'll have to live with the fact that no one will ever truly understand me (not even myself) for all my days
It better not be a one time thing or else
Why is na jaemin so cute
Awakened by an emergency call. Praying my fine.
I can't keep up with the senior ones they are just way too much for me
I'm basically into
why am I missing yari all of a sudden
They like broke boys . That be why the women all dey your there hmmm
I cannot sleep coz Johnny's not home yet
Ya ga tidur2 dong kalo gitu
I need a hug
omg ily
LMAO facts. Plus the boys will be all up in the deep end and on my ones in the shallow end
Mood
when i saw them on tae's live i immediately knew it was hoseok's he's got such pretty hands
ugh yes
16. Tbh i love everything that's fried
swear half the shit happened would of if she was here
my account is broken.
Who tf lets their child watch movies all day? My poor baby
you even see it
putting hella is not going to make me forgive you
smelling your fine ass all over the area
I kept retweeting french tweet, sorry for my non french oomfs
My hand... I know it's small, don't judge me
Jidhar apna crush hai
Udhar sala rush hai
Is liye filhal time pass ke
Liye candy crush hai...
Snapchat memories sure can be depressing. Every single day is a flash back to some good times that are no longer
Okita's mask tho
... I bought one
my winter hair is in and it looks terrible
Always feel alone
Hashtag gagal classy.
my worst tweet and y'all decided to give it attention? if josh sees it im deactivating just sayin
Poor flatters
Kyle was gone for work all week and now that home sick and I gotten to see him. ugh
your gonna have to tell me eventually
I iz ugly
Columbus, Ohio! Please share!
Look who have sense..
English construction zero
And this is how you got admitted into uj
At my big age spelling wears wrong
I CANT BEEthe im sorry
A couple of hours
Lately, just keeping it together is my biggest daily task.
3 years now
are we growing up
/||\
or just going down
||
just a matter of
IM FINE catch me butchering the Korean language in the background
rip
imma sleep goodnight to BTS, ARMYs and only
the supreme sticker is a joke
Pehle btao na chanda
I literally just turned in an English paper about how this was happening
Stop sad
got DRUNK drunk by myself last night it be like this if they never changed the animation for tokyo ghoul..
Waiting for someone that can afford your lobola my guy
Yixing did not have to look this damn sexy but what do I expect
They're just tricking that its gonna be "and"
the people are asking for in france
we don't want you here
Spirit: Stallion of the Cimarron is the best film I love horses
real pensive hours
This Admin is full of awful, heartless, bigoted monsters Can't stand 45 and his cultists...
It wasn't that pricey for other movies
i keep a whole box hidden away just incase i need to stress eat
I'm not that active on Insta anymore. I hope you guys enjoyed ))):
I'm sad
nah bc of
Me too bro
Keep having dreams snowing and then I wake up to no snow
my local b&n still hasn't received time meanwhile all the other ones nearby already sold out....please
i wanna make this pic my home screen and it cuts j*n out but it also cuts dom out we won but at what cost
literally same like im just gonna try again next month
i guess they never miss huh
joonie looking so gorgeous he owns my heart i hope hes relaxing well :(
I don't deserve this
it sucks i know
Im so sick of lying
wait i lost my purple pencil crayon
patchouli is going to have to wait a while
The worst thing about 2018 is that Liverpool fans still exist
I half fell asleep until I felt so heavy and I'm having difficulty breathing. another episode of sleep paralysis again
Exactly always next to each other they keep us close always
ur sense of humour is making fun of kates ass
When,, is part 2 releasing,,
I miss nct's twink sub unit
We need a new Drake album it's been so long since Scorpion man
Jidhar apna crush hai
Udhar sala rush hai. (-PRABHA)
Is liye filhal time pass ke
Liye candy crush
Jimmy death hurts man. Dude was only 21. Crazy
fuck with me I dare you
Welcome to 2018. The new normal. Just sad
I had 0 control sorry
Imagine getting settled on the sofa watching tv then having to get up every 2 minutes to be sick. Urg
I get a lot of rain these days so it's hard to find sunny days and sometimes
It really does.. I guess just life, but it make it any easier, unfortunately. Sending hugs xx
also yes I changed my clothes so that I can post them on different days on ig,, me
you always deny so the point of showing it to you
Jameis/Desean not being a thing makes me sad...easy points
5/5
-super fluffy and soft au (my heart is literally so soft after reading this )
-very 1st yoonkook au i've
Hmm.. Am i doing it wrong?
im sorry
bitch meee
sad our history is vital for our future.
Typical cramming.
Iyi
The worst thing about 2018 is that deluded Liverpool fans still exist
st but you are gem
This shit fw me
We the busiest on the whole street tho
I wish I could be an animal whisper
look through my tweets
One day man
when am i NOT
It'll be "BTS ARMY" just you wait
miss you manghud
I love female friends but I don't have money to pamper them... but I can help you achieve your goals and
Breakouts
happy birthday again, baby! I wanna squish you forever
The Hate You Give really has me so emotional
af
so unfair
all these 1d war flashbacks, all i ask is for a reunion
Lol your party is too full bruhh its sad
you even close to being one tho
I think going to have to take a hiatus from my blog I just keep up with it and school. Whenever I do
Esta enferma
Same but it's 2 am
bitch look good
Nnnnn nothing. she can teaches him how to take a long shower
Legit almost cried cuz omfg I do wish
shyly changes icon bc he didn't reciprocate
why is life homophobic
I wish I gone to the fair today
slow dancin
He's adorable
u hurtin the environment
I'm actually pretty screwed losing my work. Have no database, no indicators for live, the data entry alone that went into those, Cba
you know u could never sweaty
I hate this top on Aaron call myself a fan!
no need for that i won't bother him abhi goodluck raman tc
True story
i think my kittens are sick because they have been throwing up so much...
basement dwellers have rights too, what a bully
we seriously
my mom brought me food and a beer, she knows the way to my heart
If everyone could please pray for me, I really would appreciate it.
My cats wouldn't mind your cuddles so uh come over
Why does the girl look like she'd rather be somewhere than there
Tried eating i couldnt even
just wanna watch Halloween
dsclp mo
Here in land of even opting for basic projection media has become questionable. We attended
Jidhar apna crush hai
Udhar sala rush hai
(-PRABHA)
Is liye filhal time pass ke
Liye candy
and he did them on my birthday
Shit happens
Oh no. One of my dogs was same. Cute furry critters were his chew toys
toy re sensible hoy
Today, I want him to find inner peace. The poor guy is haunted by his life choices. bad shame
Some of had some great sex last night & im sick I cannot relate
my son is valid no matter what I still stan
Ugh I think it went through until Monday. Ok I suck
out here always doing the most instead of being a normal company
I just want my sister to move back.
BUT THANKS SO MUCHHH and i certainly did
lunasaxa had some part empath thanks to his dad
i want back
A dj told us that not it
Listening to in my life will always make me tear up
I would have loved to be there
Enjoy this conference, the program sounds fabulous
Congratulations ma boys ARMY worked hard for this .. I'm so sad cus i couldn't help
NOT A PRO IN MAKING A MEME SO, JUST APPRECIATE THE THOUGHT HAHAHA!1!1!1!1
every fangirl / fanboy wants
Americans and their wooden houses
miss roseanne?
Why am I watching Chris autopsy show? sigh
i actually thought your last brain cell snapped
He looks so tired :( Poor kid, working nonstop and now even getting sick
Halilovic not in the squad again
i gotta continue with my changbin thread i paid him dust for too long
I'm going crazy
im on my knees
Working with dogs can be amazing yet utterly emotionally draining but we push on because we know they
Never
ik we speaking but can i have some dick pretty please with a cherry on top
Living ona planet that is controlled by the dark forcez DOES that. ESP 2empaths who came to help that
made me so sick hearing about this in my State
I seen my mother in a month this is the longest gone without seeing her
But this is to much to much ask for in 2018
uh rt this and i'll give you a song that remind me of you i guess if this flop it's bc taeil hasn't posted anything yet
same but with Miguel let me tell u, as a Latina it feels so weird being attracted to a white boy
I think it was bc I followed a bts elitist so
It can but it can also make the flesh closer to the surface hurt so I do it sparingly
IS hates the gays
can exo go to jyp's paty people again? but this time get them drunk
african kids can relate, i got my ass whooped by these way too many times
baekhyun is mad whos gonna pat his head and rub his belly
I wait til uzi drops his album so he can go on tour and I can see him again
Teaching a Instagram stan abt twitter
Nooooossa molier... sai dessa sofrencia
Guess I don't get a hair cut today
I only watch this one
my girl i miss her
Please please please tell me this is not a true headline...
Haydaaa
Ncono. Relationships are tough people.
i shower and use twitter
to brincando
Wait so we throw on 3rd and 1s then run on 3rd and 10
Boyfrinds
It hurts.
I love this weather but dammit it sure does fuck with my bones
only 90s kids would remember the show without part 4
My heart hurts so fucking much
stop we all want it to be ariana but i think it is
I already miss you Asyraff .
timmy carrying both of those little kids uwu
No bating chance , No keeping chance
And still a no skin on fort now
food poisoning is curable
i rlly miss jack dawson , the titanic go n sink
sad but true
Auto correct always changes my ya into you
ok your ex who am i? Maitha
IMO, many journalists in Nigeria are just mere reporters.
Literally need to put more effort into my self-care
I can't wait for Tues night now, I need me some drinks
Trump Administration Eyes Defining Transgender Out of Existence - The New York Times
The sad look if disappointment you give when been walking in the hot arse sun all day bitching
Man I wish I was there
Atheena
was ready to be a hole u look cute rn tho blonde braids should b next
fuck catholic school i just want purple hair and a nose piercing
thank you! hopefully I'll at least catch up to the 48! haha yeah, shame he's not in my team though
That work out so
I wanna take my boo on a date
wrong with the cheesecake factory?
if this about me suing
you know what??? i deserve an alpha
It supposed to be the best month for me but shit just happened and turn all around
send me pcs then if you get extras
can my albums hurry up a little bit come next weeks pretty please
spending my day at the hospital
I hate patriots d
Tennis
really not tho
had plans to go to church this morning but make it ..
mediaplay won
Will stop replying base because:
1. They didn't notice me
2. I got no reply back
3. They really ignored nae existence
ashton irwin follow me challenge!! gonna win just like calum
Not you too
I wish these issues with my house would have been more predictable so I could be in LA with everyone
peachiminssi will remain iconic
Ya no hay stock
been in a good mood I used the heartbroken emoji in a while
your welcome
and i thought you had taste
a blessing and a curse
Really don't think I am prepared for work at all, after having one of the worst weekends mentally is so physically draining
Not even roast potatoes or stuffing
My friend just sunt me a video of her surprising her mom when she landed and I crieeeeeed lord y I have a bond with my mom
Rude
This bitch on catfish just said she has a 5 MONTH YEAR OLD!
embarrassed.
thank you for spamming with your beautiful self
Done with
Great first live match
No more charge left in the mbl
made stage pap pics which arent even pap picsthey really tried
Unfortunately
He is
man i miss tellius cast.. started fe8 a while ago and while i love characters like eirika and lute i just miss the tellius cast
Roast potatoes only if crispy
nobody wanna go out w/me tonight
thank u queen
Day 1 of moving on ...The weather is so beautiful ..
Sorry should I delete this? Too heavy?
al fatihah to my late senior,kpl aiman nazrin who had just passed away at jitra kedah by an accident
just imagine some high wasted jeans and a black shirt
nope :-( OOF ME TOO! i was too shy to say hi when i started following you
*Lamentably*
Let me know when you realize a song about cell phones and it loses some of its gusto... certainly happened to me
I have doctors at 4.50 so otherwise I would have said yes! xx
Shame yourself
sleepover at dorm before I go back to my hometown tomorrow she already fallen asleep. good night!
Every Sunday I get dragged into some bs. l wish I could focus on this game for 10 hours a day
No Ariana
No DY
No Zedd
I bet is CP
It's got no website...
Get will soon
thanks hailey times are tough
Get well soon bro We need you asap.
December: You don't
Me:
do it quickly and painlessly pls
I DIDNT APPRECIATE IT WHEN I HAD IT
i need my hug atm
it be like that
Just passed alongside the highway right there. It sickening
When rw hurts my feelings the accuracy like verbatim.
things been the same since someone pointed out how it sounds like taeyong says coochie in the jpn version of limitless
Honestly twitter I fell off
can i at least trust you
No one wants to add my kkt?
My gf is so mean to me when sleeping
teamwork makes the dream work
Stay strong. Get well soon. So so so unlucky
Damn.. the last day of the fair. I wanted to go
Non
Man there is one (1) Venom merch item I'd want but it's from Hot Topic and already sold out
Sorry, but YES YOU ARE.
how can people live knowing that their mom is in pain smh
Defense may have to score... sigh
I messaged you and you never reply
I know right
Lmao this fucking bitch I know she would exposed me like this, she just doesn't want to lose her only bowl of rice
WE LOVE YOUUU GET WELL SOON
Well some of us got a fat ass aight
Hello ceo-san I want to confess, yes I have a bf do I still qualify for this job
keep being a loser like the rest of us
i wanna get my nails done but i keep spending so much money
What ever happened to Noah he was such a good photographer/videographer and he would never let this happen
fuck this diseases yani uchio ni bylaw anakaa hivo.
look out for your homies when not being themselves
Abv icim gitti gecmis olsun
That's a sad story
A JOSHUA HONG UNDER CUT SUPREMACIST
Bring back the hair style from Pretty U
or black coma hair
her birthday in next 1 hour and i cannot wish her
Feeling like drowning in deep water
Damn DT really gonna be fine
20. I really wanna to Japan or Thailand
i miss you both so much please meet me very soon ok? im not gonna party for now Singapore
All I want more than anything is to fall asleep and wake up in your arms every night and morning
Send me a lullaby Jeonghannie
Sorry!
somebody complimented my eyes and i panicked
More rain again yes.
When are these people gonna get a break Lord?
just give her a fat hug for me i wish i was meeting her take 600 hats and cowboy boots
i even know me
Ani, baby. I love you. You're such a dumb ass though.
es la verdad
S-someone tell yoongi to unblock me please
I'll reply to the DMs later, sorry if you feel ignored by me, I didn't mean to.
Let me dive on to my mention tab first juseyo
My condolences. Can't even imagine what you're going through
immune to their shitty driving style after several months surviving crossing the traffic in egypt
al fatihah
I dont even remember the relationship's settings
jsuis seul tout
sis i have a whole folder of digital art i payed for
I hate that the weather can drastically impact my mood
shut up
I wish I could tweet like a crazy a Sunday morning like this!
Thanks.
HDJDJDJ thanks omg and yes it did
and what!! about it? are you furryphobic
Mistake. Can barely move today.
thinking about this being my last restful weekend sucks so much lol nothing but tournaments for the next few weekends
never
just tell me the details
I think about the next day off work while on my day off.
All this stress has my skin breaking out
A bop
this why nashville will never be on the map
Rindu.
omg blocking so inappropriate
really about to win 12-6 we?
My fwb. why helping you girls.
My kitty is doing okay, but still having some GI issues. She's got the vet stumped and I'm frustrated we can't help her more.
Wish my BB felt better.
Yo I really got hit when already down on my ass smh I keep thinking to myself does everything for a
i cannot turn back
Kinda bummed I get to drive up to NorCal this weekend I love driving.
best oomf i know
my heart just broke
not fun feeling like this, especially when your lonely. it makes everything worse
I want white chelsea boots so bad but I know if that bitch yet
sorry
I have tried to be a good friend and try to understand everyone.
but sorry now I can not afford to be
I wish I was watching n Bucs tho
Can 7 please hurry up, tryna go home and eat
Bitch im tryna punch a cuban like rocky badd
yeah
brushes and combs dont do shit
Willian with Ryan Giggs kinda goalscoring stats.
it.....SPOKE to you??? damn them romeo n juliet essays really hit it
i just spent like $200 on dumb shits someone rlly needs to take my money away
don't forget me when you're famous ellie
twilight did it first
really getting used to hearing the words 'mayfield' & 'incomplete'
at this point maybe i will
ok c'est pas grv
Hahaha.. this was much needed ..as per ur suggestion. ! But why did I do it ?
Yea for real
you don't even have me bio'd
why did i just cry while listening to We Go Up
the weather just.. cold & empty
exo are desi
baekhyun as a joke nd then they actually get stuck
So busy with the excitement of the roof being on fire easy to forget about the floor being unstable
This is the beauty of our friendship
Don't say I didn't warn you!
Omg UK they're so precious
I WISH I WAS THERE
Chicago Bears Fight Song Bear Down via
someone complemented my eyes and i panicked
i miss AA pre gildan buyout
im jus we cant even afford ta giv sumbody a billion dollars ... niggas starving
My girl after done with her
embarrassed for my own tweets, the last one
mel since you are apart of syco can u get me tickets for every lt1 tour show
wedding/honeymoon week is over I like the thought of not seeing my husband all day everyday yes I have an obsession lol
need more mutuals
Me too
Wow ever worship Satan smh.
bro this girl just said twice sound like
hi ma, im missing you more and more each day.
it's jongdae
Damn I haven't done any pendejadas in a while
Carat Bong, I'm so sorry sweetie
We're so oppressed why don't we get a day
Mood:
i'm in the same boat
can we start gettin kiko, doan, and hk in photoshoots pls
i want to like fix my pinned & threads but im attached what should i do fellaz
been out shopping for furniture in Ikea all afternoon so missed the girls at the teen awards
tryna be like this with a dickhead employer
Why we run it with Johnson more often
I hope the ones got now wont fade like this
WhatsApp bundle or McFlurry
You should sleep instead of listening song
My hair is too curly for it not to be played in
gfhjfhkh ive stanned them for ages now i just have a separate acc for it
she killed ms hobibus and now this. the gays really can't have nice things
never work in famous last words. I was wrong
im kidding i love u <3 congrats brother
he's so CUTE PLEASESHJF JEONGIN SAID CHRIS LIVES MATTER
I always wondered how people got those photos. Now I know
why people always leaving when I need them the most
It really
I love women
i was under contract sorry for keeping it a secret for so long
non binary girls too
OH NY GOD FINALLY I HAVE SOMEONE MY FRIENDS AND MOOTS CLOWN AND BABY ME SO MUCH
$600 + tax for an xbox one x and almost a grand for a mid range gaming pc. Us gamers have it rough
me and lyssie fell asleep together on skype but when I woke up she wasnt there
Dear god there are some deranged and insensitive people out there
A cheer for Lou City.
A tear for St Louis.
A hand for Bethlehem.
A sigh for Nashville.
And good luck
He gotten us that longevity on the radio now idk who it will be
rough
miss amor
wish my friends would do this with me
SEE I KNEW UD BE JUNE U NEVER DO SMTG LIKE THIS TO OUR PHINCESS
I would never do that
well im a snack
they did, even klaus
really cold af
chain snatched and everything
mullet is number 1 always
you really did
gdhjshfdh BYEEEEEEE :/ they rly just dont give a fuck abt ur schedule... the NERVE of them
bts te amo
so fkn thick here losin my mind
THATS CRAZY, we need the on this
The inside is pretty. the inside is what matters most
just muting cuz i hate to see that negativity especially when you know your mutuals love the show..sigh
My whole life and income and support system is here. I wish it were that easy.
Vamos juntas a llorar hermana
pay for your flight here
I wish I had someone to hug me and cuddle with me
Uggghh my life last week, I feel ya
we love this crossover,,, when will the dhoom cast ever
My attitude had gotten so bad since my boyfriend been gone I miss him so fucking much
You call me a kid when we only have two years diff... is this what 95z feel when yoongi calls them kid
I can tell when you lie to me.
wow, that like actually broke my heart.
I missed all the fighting yesterday
How about Jeonghan?
I LOVE HIM I even read much further because I had to sCREAM ABOUT IT hope okay
Meu sonho A de Ariana
is anything still available
Haan naa bsss wohi sb mera opinion hai
Miss these interviews! - Cheryl on [October 21, 2010]
i'm sorry but it's true
I bring myself to delete concert pics to save my storage
KNEW IT ugh I wish we right but damn
SO BUMMED I didn't get to tailgate w/ the dream team.
But met lots of great people in green
im done spamming ashton
aaahh im starving, im craving for ur love & attention
Caralhooo, tu se machucou???? Meu, bad
Punisher will have to take the bullet, no way I'm canceling JJ like that
Jose, mande dm
Thanks love you always have been
when your WCW gets married
I think we all know Edwin would be on his knees & Zion would be the one holding my hand in the back.
i was using our braincell
damn what do u expect me to do? not fall in l*ve?
Really wants a burrito but not supposed to be eating out
CEX it is then...
My head hurt so much BH
Tiene hambre el mushasho
Good to know
sksksk kill me very sorry
True. I may be leaving my house soon tho maybe next time
Missing the old days
i hate to break it to but sometimes i feel like getting bread
Aaay! No
Real feeling it for Dian boy
me next time
its ok to dream kay
I am certainly not a ghost
don't unfollow me please
I purple you
miss you already...
since ur birth mildred i cant believe you forgot your own name i thought i had raised you better than this
I walked halfway to the car and realized I forgot the keys in my room
sutham
He acted like he tweeted this when the score line was 1-2
appropriating anitwit culture with your beautiful ass
Wish I could listen to DS2 for the first time again
Can everyone go leave a nice and encouraging comment under this video and like the nice comments
can bts post more pics of paris pls?
debating whether or not i should balance 2 maybe 3 jobs or leave my cinemark family
When will this thread return from war
Ne gidecek
I know how to be sarcastic in Arabic
Mfs made one song in their life an dye their hair an be like so slept on bro they appreciate me til dead
Gave up on finding one who will do this
Ahh I left the phone with game on just in case and after a few minutes downloaded the new event
Also can we remember run era? It was the peak for us
feeling alone is the worst feeling
had enough of all these videos coming up on my time line
What did I do to deserve this
Sleep and get one in the morning. Hopefully body clock wakes me up
I WISH I COULD BREATHE chili also sad that his accent is better than mine
I'm so sorry to hear that.
Just stay strong, my condolences
not enough halloween art
I did
more gay than me
find a way. They always do
please read this, very important to me
No one want to go get ramen with me
threesomes exist
Also please like the korean comments if you know what saying
i miss taehyung
really missing my best friend rn
My 5'5 self can't relate to the world he lives in
why you gotta be so precious foo, damn
be gone by tomorrow
im on a follow limit twitter let me live
Well now sad I just saw the title and SAD HES SO NICE HOSEOK WHY WOULD YOU DO THAT
Manipulations was the best Ivorian series on YouTube
Just the jumpstart the defense needed
They'd look nice next to my cactus Jack 4s
Omg I'm so exhausted from just living
Same sad Sunday train back to London
so young
Heaven has a new angel
Prayers for the family and friends!!
I miss you so much
I hope SM would copyright them
No luck
I'm honestly the ugliest person alive I'm so sorry for the people who have to see my ugly face every day
All the guys we looked up to growing up bro are retired
We can hope for a miracle
just finished watching Go Back Couple ang dami kong realization sa buhay dahil sa series na to
I sleep. I miss you so bad.
The person I feel for the most in all this is Steven poor mum
Imagine how Ashanti must feel after selling 24 tickets
Entertainment industry is rough
out now why some dl straight boy asked me if i wanna f*ck? am i that ugly
According to my mom anyone is a bum as soon as they step out the house
Stop being cute
they named him max
bro i hate talking on the phone and i hate texting i have a phone for nothing
A mood
itsthat time again. help me with a milestonevgideo.
Diondriaa just leaves me while not feeling good bruh
Everybody getting up here still waiting for my blessing
Amin fa, so
Shocking behaviour
I really feel good at all
Asdfghjkl. First, it's mingu not minggu, oppa.
Thank you for the gift and your wishes, brother in
The song happiness always gets to me
i just want to be okay for once
STODJSBJS i have no idea thats probs was in the first episodes or they just didn't include it and
Fam hate on me just cause trynna do better
It don't add up, sis
wish i could help you there, but staying up late is the norm for me.
Ayyy sooo me
Whenever I want a Chick-Fil-A it always is on a Sunday. As usual you want what you have rings true
I hate reminiscing then thinking of all the bad things you put me thru
but what if i still havent finished it f
i miss the originals like they had to do klaus, elijah, and hayley dirty
sdds dessa bolacha
wish i had a ricecooker
Patmon down too
was talking about the peaky blinders meme that has been going around
23. russian
24. i can play a small bit of flute, uhhh im flexible kinda
25. yoongi and fucken jimin
26. none
true
I know why I do this to myself.
oh damn why am i the only larrie not blocked calling the police
he sufrido al abrirlo real
not great
who cares
yea its just not the same
ugh tired hbu
Ugh I feel like death
A win been icing on the cake
very upset that i lost my cartier bracelet my brother got me
ay come on bruh disrespect big nate like that
Sorry na babe
Spending the worst week of my life, exams.
and 17
Me trying to understand Hamlet in Mrs. Jensens class
Oof i sounded rude. Fuck
le chaos baby
I love but very disappointed to only find 9 chipolatas in my chicken italia pack
We are actually not serious hey because the opportunities are gang
Should I just buy a new one or replace the screen? Has this happened to any you guys
BTS outsold BTS
he was clearly nervous but still look cute. so sad
No I fell asleep not too long after we took the final
yesterday you said you were itching to change back to baek JUST so you could hit me
I wish ..
And sorry this year i cant meet you :(( I really want,tbh
so much bread out there that been gotten
Unfortunately not yet That is not only up to us. BUT we are still committed to make it happen if we
it really
so intolerant lately. Bullshit intolerant. Fake people intolerant. Lactose intolerant
I miss
It gets lonely these night
ur jaw looks different
u can unfollow
i get comfortable to save my life
Maybe why ciaran snaps back so quickly cuz always making fun of him
go get that income sis i'll try
whyy does my pfp have to look so GOOD FOR
they sell them at work in a rotation with better choices. heart sinks when i see oatmeal raisin
2 confirm seats (Attock & Peshawar) lost due to internal rifts.
WHAT A FUCK baby dearling
It's so frustrating I've a feeling I'm going to end up getting the old one repaired after all unless I
This weekend just fast forward this week please.
i wanna pin my legit certificate but my holiday ga is pinned
i have to sell them too we can cry together
a blessing, but a curse
Follow that TD up with the 3rd missed point after on the season
Life of the rich. The only thing I'm charging is phone.
i hope so
My sister: I want them to be lesbians...
Me: even want. They are. They are for you
I'm just tryna make you the boba to my tea.
oof im proud
Me in German class
emo kids... scene kids... we all just get along?
RIP she will be missed
Aisy best friend ajj kal market me ana band ho gey he
You up & disappeared when I came back for picture timeeeeee. I wish we got oneeeee. you looked good though
You used to be real but you changed on me
SINCE FOREVER? but I love in silence
big handsome
think so.... resistance at 0.47$ is to big
If you know the song, i love you
uMMmmm remember when u called me dry
imagined it and dreamt of it
dog food mix 2 fucks so much better than mix 1 whys it not on aoty I have to do everything
Hmm kinda bored but I have no friends to play ebg with
Playing victim huh ? I see
My second heartbreak for the day
jsuis tres calme
I used the wrong who im sorry the queer in me jumped out
No I still me, you just never hang out w me anymore
Wooow. You really want me outta here
im soft
Oh how sad R.I.P
We had another lost but we in it to win it together
I talked all that shit, but I miss my kid like shit lmao
Iloveyousomuch. I hope you know it's always gonna be you
Can't believe how fast someone can just not be in your life
This sadness is too much for me
Child
Sounds like last NFC Championship
Hey today is why I express concern about what you think are harmless jokes
when your bestfriend is in pain and you do anything about it please pray for
why
Wait fuck.. playing against Mitch in fantasy. Dammit. Lucky run
I know soonyoung would die
My problem with
sigh i know im trying my best though
so sorry Tatum - I should have said security STAFF!
look at u the only jimiinful stan even know the proper spelling of the a shame
get your mind out of the gutter
Idk why I learned my lesson to not offer to pick up a shift. I wanna make this bread today!!
Well now.. never felt this confused.. should I even try..
Just read it too man
exposed
Fethiye
It's okay. You're doing great. Keep it up.
Sometimes happy memories hurt the most
RT Eric Reid playing like shit.
RT The child at the center of a legal fight over keeping her on a ventilator has died, her family
damn i thought she was jesus
I hope not. They will probably take one took at my ugly face and walk away
not the suburbs nigga
i miss you dweeb
I didnt answer most questions bc i did it once and the app i used froze and dletes it all once
Literally did not expect to see this in my feed. Completely forgot the natch was today.
Rip brain
i'm being bullied
i need to step up my game i cant pull all nighters anymore im weak
They all spend too much time riding horses and not me no coochie
I need a cheap home massage
IM CALLING THE MALE ONE TARANZA IF I GET ONE ill probably get one in four years tho
If u finna steal my memes at least use this, textbook
My eyesight has gotten so bad. I swear I used to have perfect vision. Now I see from the kitchen to the living room
Seeing things like this
ugH concerning...why are they better at me in english.
Kak ngink can I get lessons on how to melt grumpiness away I tried everything I swear.
Looking in the sky and hearing the thunder immediately breaks our hearts. More rain is here and we don't need it.
Unfortunately this dude is the only good thing about
I hate his hair but he's too cute
if you find out tell me the water brand
Para ti bebe, pero te freseas
What About Mental Health & Learning Difficulty People..?
i cant find payton
i should probably study now this is not the life i wanted but okay
No
my curls are a lil damaged need my hair to be left alone & still be cute .
The only Goodmorning text I get is from Apple Music
Not at all, I guessed you were at the early of 20. Well, I'm still 19 and I'm not a pedophile, don't worry
My best friend snap me saying miss I feel bad been busy with work and school such a bad friend
been on delivered for the past 45 mins and sad
Is this real I- I want it at all
I know you are.....like damn save some for the rest of us
vales missing but this was literally us going around the party just being hyped around boring bitches
First time we listened
sigh i suppose we can share
Awww I wasnt able to see you.
fuck u
O dan favs a mis tweets
She doesn't text back to me either
Ouch.
Mine was given to me.
Idk anymore
D-does Chen have a mullet
more doodles
Yes I suppose it is sad that I never saw him live
fruit snacks and some wet wipes
does anyone know if the burn the stage movie will be played in edmonton, orrr maybe grande prairie(canada)???
honestly
the bowl piece
jo said mea and i are whipped for elo..... lmfao
always getting thrown to the side tired of always being choice
Sheck wes has white America on his music so you know here to stay for a little longer
No pls
i believe wango tango was written by a racist too bad it SLAPS
I know this feeling all too well
I liked a song since Dusk Till Dawn
if only
It appears they're on a diet
dropped to in worldwide trends
Guess what happened exactly a year ago today?
yall arent ready for this update istg
THIS! I thought the only one who think like this
I know I ain't supposed to see him. But I wish I didn't. He's aged so much
Vagabond, 21st Century Boys, Spirit Circle, Dorohedoro, Dungeon Meshi, To Your Eternity
Jokic about to have another perfect triple double Im sorry for hating him before the season started
Cheese Tortellini Soup with an egg
Can't wait till this is over with
Wena I am done talking to you
the garbage collector
Cuffin szn almost here and my roster hot trash . Where at
I will when he stops looking like a rat
I haven't never struggled so much in my entire life
The way how killed is disgusting and make me sick , why just why
is weirdly cropped messy traditional art my specialty now? remember when I actually posted digital art
Fantasy football just happening for me this year
BI will never hit the trade block Chief so unfortunately be Hart
POR FAVOOOR!!
year. Stuck Between
Hiya, I hate to ask you all to report these fake profiles again and again but another one if you get a
Hoping for a turn point soon ... few words of wisdom sure do help but the repetitiveness is still here
You weren't here when the news dropped
please
Me today Was a bad one. Now self-medicating with a glass of fizz waiting for Strictly to cheer me up
As a british moroccan of berber roots i am heart broken that we lost al andalus
Miss you guys
Asking the real questions out here
I get off at 7
i'm so sorry to confirm this but.. we just call shrimps prawns here in the uk
i was holding up my hand to see if my ring finger was longer than my index finger and i noticed my hand lookskimfa cute someone holdem
YOU BETTER DELETE THAT SHIT
Owwweee LiL Baybe! Wat U Doin 2 Me
But they said sns idols have no hit... Pick a narrative
Went in today, so sad.... I walked every floor, emersed in nostalgia I have such wonderful memories
Me toooooo sorrryyy but thank youuuuu
Eh vraiment John Cena depuis mon enfance c un de mes catcheurs fav avec Taker et ajd il adore BTS we were meant to b wzsh
Not Zedd
Nta tu souffres men l icha3at w gals katle9houm 3lya ana
i thought i really for a second
i either need some new bitches or find a girlfriend bored.
Sony hurt tho
Preach
Today is my constant reminder that my life still has to go on even though yours
Same I just wanna see serendipity, singularity, seesaw, just dance, euphoria, Epiphany, and love
perdu ma chance mon est triste
Maybe he can help reignover get back to form
i keep rting sports tweets on here my bad KFJSJJDDJD sunday are for my local twitter
goflexkuwonu is about to come back
after last night i need to make some serious changes in my life
Damn another one of my lil brothers homeboys gone
show do years and years
The solo fans and jimin antis
think anyone understands the level loneliness one goes through
do u wanna ride through the back streets in a blue corvette ?
Shit...Sony
it's ugly
i ate shit during my pickems im
More pics & stories rolling in from the panhandle & it's so incredibly sad
Albert Wilson injury and it look good at all the guy has been electric this year would be abother tough loss for the Phins
in theory i can say it just some people are sensitive
trying to crack the mf code
Glad someone does. Mos, we talk about it frequently. Shuuu
Oh dear Lord.. oh dear.
Half of my mutuals have me muted
i'm only 15 and i can relate
Kuba worse every day though
No a Michel
a lot of wasted potential here
I must be invisible! James always ignores me for
Sony
I guess I can't deny my love for you huh?
is not my fault i was born in 2001
Sony
absolutely not
I like to get the daily news
Ffs, anybody but Michel
If how you feel
henlo bubs anything?
How do you know when you're doing the right thing
No disrespect but im not gay
i thought u were better than this
Wanna watch the Milan derby but so exhausted
That's what we deserve we are literally running around the town
Oh nice. I have to get up at 6am tomorrow
No seas ninguno
I'm sorry
The ease with which he lies is breathtaking
Deactivate your curious cat Biko. We be anonymous and still be guessing
i have like 7 empty sketch books.. i'm feeling so dumb for not drawing in them
LIFESAVER. thank you.
So glad they're ok
Toughest pill to swallow is when you have water to wash it down
I wish I had somebody to lay up with and watch movies
goflexkuwonu is coming back
well, yes.
Sorry you're not OK but you made me look up the definition of aberrant! Hope that made you smile
ABIL all that i can say is aamiin
Hifumi: hit or miss i guess they never miss huh got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
Yes but I need this love 24/7
For shame They're looking in the wrong places clearly
violet chachki needs to stop... this is getting out of hand
Non pas Thiago
Looked terrible too
Oi
wow people in my school having fun, getting drunk, enjoying life but then me
Going back to Amsterdam
only hit her
je sais juste que tu stan des kings
his side profile even looks good
Work some Saturdays
so glad they had free time, hope we will get pictures from Paris now
paris should be thanking u
earth is dying
You fag you dont have to call me out like that thank u love
That looks a terrible time injury for Michel.
Cannot be reached
The first pic of Joon is my most prized possession be careful with it
D 1's growing thru d pavement in front of my ouse are an eyesour, and clearing dem is hell
imma need a link
I wish I could encourage my creative colleagues to move to the Boston area, but the housing is just unaffordable.
being dumb is so hard
the years of abuse your knees must have to endure...
i love it but i lost the CD, somebody taken
Don't "Sup"me on textI'm not your friend..these small Boi's ba laphisa
Awful
Guess only supposed to be down to party to be ok with my friends
Imissyoutoo
it be like that sometimes but easily fixed ;))
*covering
I seriously need to start proof reading before I press tweet.
Iv made a mistake talkn bout wht'z happenin in my life wen iv bin asked. Already gettn morr $hit again
I haven't learned
oh
Mamamoo gave a whole spring chicken to rbw but only got one chicken feet in return i read this twice and it
somebody take away my phone
Ugh why?? all sold out anyway...
Another punt this is going to be a long game.
why I got the plain one I wanted the one he had on his tour but I had no money it was so
oh nooooo :(( rest in piece kitty, hope you feel better soon
this is mean
I know i'm late, please don't judge me
& That I Have Another Sick Baby At Birth
Aberfan: a reporter's letter home reveals the true horror of the tragedy...
Ahh, Wook used to be so nice
They are a cute couple but the wedding issa no from me
imagine getting the notification of wanna one going live in 2019
Damn. really like predictable and cheesy?
Dude sorry I know stupid
Now he is with his girlfriend so....
Ok talk to me fine
gets me hyped but this what basketball is about
A bit better but still
You never text me back just tryna talk to my friend
I realized that we only have a few classes together this year
*boys. What makes it so bad, we have a dishwasher
They could have used the impact of eatjin. But no they didnt
Ya know what.. forget it.
Charlotte..
why
Two of my mutuals tweets have blown up I want my turn
wish a happy birthday to ! Not gonna lie, I miss Lucado a lot
i won't be on twt at this time since i don't want spoilers
men ma bdo motivation bhay al Haya
yes!!!! so cute
fully tired of my friend. Everyday proving to me why men are just crazy
Sucks that I have to be inside studying on such a beautiful day I need and outdoor table
KDMDMDM why do you hate him :( all he does is draw
I need to take photos, my Instagram is stopped
Rest in peace
exactly smh
life & adrift really didnt have to carve their places so damn deep in my heart like that but alright
Yes my boyfriend IS a dumbass
i know i know
Still more people watch it than Baseball and American football combined
announce a show in wisconsin for leg two
that's exactly why it's my birthday
I want to talk about figure skating
ughhhhhhh I feel like shit fuck strep throat
praying for us
We are looking like ass today and are not playing well.
said it before... when not feeling it, the whole offense is off. to be the case today.
not trying to be annoying haha but i dont like harrys long hair
well fellas..... looks like gonna draw a hyunjin halloween icon after all
it's not creative
2019 mart diyorlar
I wish I could delete memories and feelings
Me too
one of these days, people be woke
right i haven't got a clue what i'mma do
Send me Cat pictures PlZ
Tell me about it I listen to the radio everyday and never hear that song!
I Miss You (Part 1) by Teddy Pendergrass on
me the most
Uhh i tried
Get well soon
like what this cfan said: "i'm sorry xu yiyang didn't appear the way you imagined"
oh wig i wish
Why only for iPhone
u can't trust hets even on anitwt uh
Condolences for your loss.
bought the new expansion pack and it keeps crashing ARGH!!!
my mum forgot she had a child because i was asleep for so long
I still got pain I speak on dealing with a nigga like me easy I just hope u can stay solid
I seen that you were working lastnight until 2 I was going to hit you up .
Are you minding the fellow
I just know why people twist things, just to favour them
i cant stop
Dandruff + Baal jhar rhy hath pair black hoing ankhain bnd kro to dikhta Ni
I can't find the chicken strips in any of the places I normally do in MA. Are they being discontinued?
this fair, i miss goo already
i miss you, baby.
; kesurupan liat gue ya?
Sweet child,,,, ITS THE ANGLE AND THE FILTER
im going try niall rn
...
also need new music can someone rec me something
actually nothing more heartbreaking than coming home from work on a sunday to a btec unseasoned disappointment of a cooked dinner
I hate the feeling when jealous on someone ; because that jealous will lead me to hatred
How horrible so glad okay.
It could be amazing!!! If only
Kinda hate I missed homecoming all good tho make the next one.
Now this is heartbreaking. not even 24hours yet.
It is so stressful being a sports fan in charlotte
Yup true I think they both gonna ditch this season I know it but I want to believe it.
And you but you hurt my feelings when you disagreed with my tweet about killing apple juice
What kinda B squad is Dutch right now. my boys at
Condolences for your loss.
At least he is at peace and doesn't need to be subject to this dumpster
....the bad news just keeps coming
My mind is on overload tonight
this is my life goal
I wish I never saw this
me when no lasagna
Oh goodness I needed this read today.
I love you hoe come visit you one day
So learned
so ugly
he truly belongs there this fit MY GOD
i was holding a green m&m in my hand
pretend my toothpaste there ruining the shot
Sunday and craving Chick-fil-A
i breathed and my mom yelled at me
Literally going to spend all my day doing my online midterm
Not good - hope O.K. Hate bad injuries
Loyalies... I get wanting to have more likes in ur tweets but tbh some of go over the top sometimes
Did I hear that right, over 82% of British otters die on our roads? Really awful statistic
someone text me bored
But that benefit me if buying food from Bills.
I think I saw you in my sleep DARLING
same
but it's the thought that counts and it goes with the 90s aesthetic
Squirrel? I thought this was a tree doggo?!? confused now
I'm feel sad
just want Sparks back
This isn't fair. I was tryna clown you
send
Usuyoz biz aksamlari
This isn't fair. I was tryna clown you
Sab fake he
we are trending, would be proud
It be like that
i wanna share the photo but it'll circulate anyway i'd rather not be called a creep again
Lmao. Good time to call that ref. Could call that every play.
No I officially quit drinking
Im always in the most awkward stances
Honestly this is me almost 24/7
you have grayson, james, and other ethan
the closest I can ever get to correctly pronouncing an idol's name that has "hy" in it is just pretending either letter isn't there
an army and an exo-l and behalf of armies i apologize for this rude and disrespectful behavior
Voy a tener pesadillas
My will to live gon
its me
i wanna go back and actually make it more detailed but sis gotta do some other stuff rn
I hate fantasy football
She left me and moved to Charlotte
unfortunately no she's on a holiday with her parents outside of the province
i miss your johnny form and you. so soft i mith you
i have HEARTBURN... this is what i get for eating spicy chorizo
Literally going to spend all day doing my online midterm
I just want to enjoy it like a normal movie
9. im lazy AF and also very messy and indecisive I have a hard time choosing between two options
I miss bunches
I miss them too. But their music career was not meant to be long tho
Wish I could meet Colleen
chata
niggas out there really be named humphrey
Jonalyns rather be me costume is so pretty
his spidey senses are gone
I'm sorry young nigga but it be like that sometimes
like what this cfan said: "i'm sorry xu yiyang didn't appear the way you imagined"
I wear NMDs
my sisters are the fakest friends ever
no please yorobun wondyoung is the classy one
Where is the defense? This is painful.
I wish people would send me funny videos on twitter
man i wish i had enough skill to use a shotgun like that
so that's why he killed sope....... so namgi could flourish
Omg my teeth were sooooo bad before I got braces, why tell me I was ugly like that?
noah just broke up with me bc i say and morty is the best thing happened to this country since south
ur already cute tho ?
not to be that bitch but i miss harrys short hair so much
la cosas
king of living
He moves like a sloth. I want Emre back . And Ox to hurry up
AI EU TE AMO MUITO DESGRACADA AF KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
offfff..
i really mean it n bad way u r all cute and funny
pros outweigh the NO THEY DONT
when will they learn
Rest in peace we will pray for you
if could cheer me up
they are so stupid someone
I lost my tweet so I am gonna tweet my Felix drawing again
savour this time together
i missyou get youback baby girl
AMOR SABE QUE EU TE AMO MUITO
Nagising yung baby sis ko at gutom daw. Ayun. Balik ako ng convenience store.
we love you
really wish my family lived closer
I cannot believe that song makes me weep
Fragile masculinity won't let me
Bitternya twitter pls fill my tl with memes and 2d tiddy
Definitely broke his ankle
come to Canada one day sigh
Pongal release
ellarum senthu ipdi nadu theruvuku kondu vara paakurangale sivaji..
Sorry boo
Oof mood Single life is hard why were we cursed like this
Sami's tweets about being in the same place as Taehyung at a different time makes me sad for her
How am I still upset after all this time?
streaming frank ocean
aint it been 2 years?? might actually have to read the manga
I be stanning and loving new people everyday I need to stop this is not helping
Do you feel it the same way as I do ?
its always THAT one copyright police fandom who knows nothing but acts like experts
My past will forever haunt me
hofff
Nah joon made it clear the roadman life for him
This Lil Tay situation is making me really sad. That poor little girl must be so mentally fucked
i'm worried about camila's health, she must be so sad about this situation, may god help, i hope the girls are found soon
going to start working just to buy bts albums
i really want signed stuff from zayn ... is this where i start kissing inzayn's ass ? i don't know if i have it in me to do that
Wow no i lose my ass, my favorite
you're sweet i'm glad to have gotten to know you too and glad to have cheered you up
Otro sin estar en los X-games
It's terrible
the link so i can get this beautiful art
Lizzy leaked info that Kaeun is working on a new girl group... which isnt sitting well with AS and Pristin fans
bts and the rose are in france ugh legends can they meet and discuss how they will continue to save kpop
it happens once in a blue moon so thank u
PLEASE SHARE HELP US GET THIS BABY HOME
My daughter & son in law on their way home with Elka from the
Less hot now I know
Totally skipped leather jacket weather
I completely understand I love you Rai never forget that text me if you need anything
Happy Birthday I hope you have a great day! even though you're always roasting me in class
im in love w him
i stole this meme from kona
I... didn't think about that possibility
suddenly everyone knows what serena looks like
Mini project patho dan exam patho
Isi liy nehin bhejta snaps
That feeling when u gotta work 2 jobs to make what u made on one paycheck at ur old one
Yup. Sadly we do so much to save a life and many times the quality of life after....
my dick is hanging by a thread
Ohhhh gracias
queria tanto q breathin hitasse cheap thrills por Deus ajuda
I want to marry him
Jeno likes being called baby he knows he's baby, I've always called him that bc I'm a cheesy mf
I want to go back to making stuff but uni life is holding me back.
YOU divorced me! YOU!!! I tried to fight for us but you were having none of it!
shes so mean
can y'all put something worth watching on mbc2 and mbc max, please
people keep sabotaging me bruh. I'm so mad
ughh i have to finish studying
Idha dan da naanum group la sonen.. Neenga elaarum default reaction a adichi thorathitinga
teach me
Wish holidays lasted 52 weeks a year
u kno i would take tae to all the museums and art exhibitions in the world so i could see his eyes twinkle and him being happy
Twitter chor dena ab
mentira
Which Netflix series will i start now
mas ele gosta de lee know
just spent $45 on an Uber going to reimburse me?
wow i love them so much
i had so much fun last night ughh i miss them
I was just trying to research for my human service shit :(( the gays really are EVERYWHERE
i feel like i should just become a kpop stan because all of my anime etc mutes unfollowed me why does this genuinely hurt
I think I might have the flu
Pregnancy has made me so insecure
Wtf is this shit,,, girls we have to cancel
You know you're getting old when you're at brunch with your old college buddies and the main topic is foreign policy
I know a little about a lot, and a lot about a little, but idk anything at all about electrical systems and economics.
I would ride in circles for hours asking her questions about her past ... the things done places been ... very wise woman
I only have 1 support hero and I can't play her very well
Typo* sholy
it really do
never finished dexter
i know and i'm thankful.. she just wants an irl friend too
Dating a beautiful girl is a stress.,...... Everybody want what is yours
same main bhi fake news hi faila raha tha
changgucore
The Sony Michel injury is now being called a knee injury.
we need that remix okay
Aesi hseen chorya muaf ki jani chahyein...
I hope is alright
Heartbreaking. RIP Lewis.
Read the whole thread.
Take me back to the night we met.
Bruh the second receiver hurt...
Very sad.
were seriously going at it while I was doing hw
I just want to rest
I should listen a bit more often. You warned me bro
That's really weird... I wonder why are they so suddenly cancelling the flight Have you already paid
they should've done shawn mendes and james charles
I need closure.
Why u leave me in the rain like dat
armys trying to pick a bias without feeling like a solo stan
jason peters is another one that has to go
a sad cycle!
update he find the song
wish I had some girlyfrannns to go shopping with me
I want a marshmallow collab bts have made such good edm music that if they make more it really
That is a crucial ligament
not our little secret anymore
Please be ok Sony
fr like how yall got 8292929 questions while my ugly lonely ass got nothing but a zero
it really b like that sometimes thank you, Mario!!
I miss my girl
i still havent decided what i want for a legal name but i think i like gabriel most. f
me but with zhengting
tfw power outage at 11am
Jags are trash
i spent most of my day applying lip balm i mean my life is a mess right now but at least my lips look good
Jihyo posted a selfie for a week
Man listening to the browns on the radio and this sounds ugly
wish you was still on the 49ers
When you are far from mom and dad..
retweeted me and liked my tweet how come not worthy of a follow back though
i miss mia and macey already
i had a big breakdown over it
hoping to not be jobless soon
i wanna go to work... but i have to!
Damn the tweet was deleted before I could see it
Too dangerous to do that on the westside
do u miss ur anchor Yess :(
my man who says the same
me too we're in this together
What is happening
I meant the Arab ones not the European ones
I'm afriad of following again cause my method of getting many followers failed
Best wishes . Sorry, won't be able to attend
It really do y = mx + b like that sometimes
do better next time
Bring back bouncers
FINE I RECEDE (abusing your power as an artist huh )
no shit their concept
more famous than pm now probably gonna stop responding to us on Twitter it was fun while it lasted
depression hota mjhy yhan a ky
Leave me alone
just tired of being lied to
what a cute boyfriend ughhh
tell them to come out more i enjoy their company
toy sad y soft
But yea, I bawled my eyes out when Forest was at her gravesite.
I haven't sorry
Junior
oh so it's next week!!
b-but what if i want both
the power of the lesbian glasses
iced coffee saved my life man
Is there anything worse than a guy doing everything they said never do to you
Mariota losing to the buckeyes in the title game
All of them! true though, allnto do with me and my mum.
Ofcourse i need a partner! Atleast a gaming and movie partner
and we all thought he was pure and unproblematic
is my account interesting
I know right, but damn I been goin thru it
block his ass you don't need that kind of negativity in your life
miss you son
he's the best boy in the world scholarship money means the world to students you know.. he's really helping the
Just looking for a chat,
Right be going through it
Tomorrow is really Monday.
Crimes ! Have now been prioritised if your house or car gets broken into go too the bottom of the pile
Intellect
these chest pains no joke
just too many
Thanks my lovely. Sad news about my cat today
oK i thought someone like secretly hated me and like kicked me
Always seems to be the way I twisted mine on a corner turn done a million times before.
everyone in the comments complaining but try being from LA we get 1 show 5 hours away if lucky
no hurt
Understandable... I hope everything will go well
he's a panicked gay that's what he does
Making a murderer makes me so angry. The guy is soooo innocent and spent his life in prison
i knew suzaken b4 they got big
Damn he was hacked!!!!!
I need again
Email sent but I've never agreed or liked his reply
going under construction with my layout again
Brandon L
I miss her so much though.
i want photos of bangtans trophy shelf just because it has to be packed and looking really nice
every time i tell someone in my family about the gift they make fun of me. this is bullying
i want is love & hugs rn
Yeah I realised that Mo
Horrible it
I used to fear death and the thought of people dying. I still do a little.
I just wish we could all live long in good health.
i know u havin fye stop playin
he's been gone for 12 mins and i already miss him
i take this picture
feeling aggressive aggressively attacked
Wow, that made me cry. I wish animals understood that we die and they just deserted.
I want to make Link cry with joy
idk what she looks like
Nobody tell that I do my skincare routine last night
be nice not to be built like a gnome
Like to be in my daily spam list if you already ik this is annoying but I wanna be loyal to people
im really frustrated and dissapointed at myself
my head is so damn big
so cute I love them
And I swear I be good until I get to the last flight or two
damn dis hurt
I absolutely never say left requires more nuance!!!!!
> on
maybe i do miss my juul, and what about it
tal lmout mbaghtouch
I have a crush on oomf but I want to ruin the friendship between us if ur close enough friends things
I had nightmare when I woke up this morning and stressed and really feeling some type of way I just want my boyfriend here rnnnn!
Can I be her?
this is why I avoid that mv like a plague we all might have different beliefs, but in my religion
Humein pehle milna chahiye tha! first or second year me hi
but i wanna stay and talk to you i miss
i miss how happy we was last time
I miss playing sports no lie
fr he said too cute for you like you even get w/ anyone your age stfu
not gonna happen
so easy for women
online perverts are already a scary idea better not meet real ones indeed, so better not dancing alone on streets
Is there any weight loss remedy apart from exercise??
damn that shit hurted
nobody bangs my line anymore
Watching Doctor Who tonight and reading The Underground Railroad earlier has me heartbroken at how things used to be
living in 3018, the audacity of us to doubt you jokes on us
Edwin hear me when I said group hug
wait ... oomf why did u follow to unfollow a few days later mutual was good for those few hours .. am i really
for a second i thought you met god himself
c-can i tag myself
I felt so dumb cause I waved, you looked then looked away! I was like oh okay but thank you!!
Woke up with back pains so now I be able to go to the mall to waste money I owe someone
I forgot they were in Korea, I was really thinking uk time wow
apply coward we gotta do it to em
I keep telling myself that get back into my webtoons but then social media happens
never be verified now
F
at home depot
having a super shit time with fifa at the moment, think I've lost love for the game
issa thug life...
Ay mi negro no te a ver hoy
Watching Doctor Who tonight and reading The Underground Railroad earlier this week has me heartbroken at how things used to be
at least someone would appreciate me then
My KD people pls Stay safe
Cooked curly spag. Our favorite.
oo glad to know alive
he tried sniffing it
my cousins visited me last week and decided to reset my account. I just had to defeat Ganon and I was done
You guys man THERE IS NO CODE FOR THE GALAXY SKIN YOU PLAY ON THE PHONE AND UNLOCK IT
this could be us but u playin
USGP today I wish I was in Austin
Some people just can never understand how much they really mean to you.
I don't know I don't know
well i'm blocked by three of them,,, does that count?
Now I really want some chicken tenders
Has Kaden said anything t about this
Me too but none of my friends down
My birthday is in few days and this is how you treat me ?
Anytime I say hello or say something in this group chat, it's like it becomes quiet
don't put joke answers either or i'm fighting
I miss my mochi cakes PJM
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh got a boyfriend i bet he kiss ya
My heater burned out this morning My princess is cold and angry! I also evicted her so I could
its too risky to voice things out like this, most specially bc solo stans come and attack you like its our fault smh
my green blonde baby is at the back and baby hoseok too
this r@t left me on read... ugly people can never win
this is the kind of media I don't wanna be associated, ever. Facts. Facts. Facts.
Oh Brother Nature what time think post the iOS notes apology?
it sounds like this feeling is more common than realised. not sure what to do about it
not only in america
Bye for now
its been snowing
58-21
wtf would i do without u guys omg
I dislike this game!
Wish I hung around to meet probably have left my shoes in the parking lot
You forgot to add~ nani mo.
Yeah, that happened to me, too.
okay but ....... my Birthday is coming up and i was actually planning on going to Cafe habana birthday surprise?
I dont wanna see Halloween anymore. Hopefully we can see la llorona together though
I miss you so much I hope I get to see you again soon! Maybe then actually succeed in making
i miss this shit .
"prepare us" like they didnt drop the news of mono without warning
trying but hard but hopefully escape helps
omg where are u
Fuckin miss Dave so much
Kindly avoid Kaduna state pls, the crisis got escalated across the state. Kindly spread the info immediately. Thanks
sorry man take care of ya fucking kidneys
I can't wait for next month, when kun will be the only word to ever leave your mouth for weeks
Noi
time zones are a thing jay
I agree with you
That's uni life for you, it's just gonna happen
Unfortunately they don't have a slot for the time I need
Malesef
Darling i want to charge your ass
Yassss have been in London since Thursdayyyy heading home tomorrow
I guess I actually know any of my bros
Michel getting hurt is the worst part of it all
she's the only mum i know who stans yoongi so i like her mayhaps
sorry friend
My Dee Kosh thread
Pulled it left
oh i also drank an irish bomb in an irish pub in paris the day before the concert idk what more i have to do for these two jerks
Some people don't deserve an internet especially this Ayanda
No God
No Happiness.
Know God
Know Happiness.
Connor why are you ignoring your fans
someone help me pick a caption
Smh didnt even say good morning and ita already a goodnight
Bread not acquired
Omg so she follow me back huh ?
oh no ur legs have been snatched off
Hmm I may be a nobody But please eat and treat your body well
Niall was the only one that was hot in one direction
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he
Exposing Joy once again
Lmaoo um can we take a better 1
feel like shit just want them back
It makes me so sad that there is no natural lighting in my room
Way to rub it in, field
yes
You should see the Steelers defense
i wanna know what he was watching was the tv on the sports channel or bake off or my strange addiction
I-
Okay. I'll get back to you with my thoughts by the end of the day.
wrapped around each other like a safety vest
only 3 niggas fuck with me on this whole app
true whu they always fight each other
Best Of Me continues to be my favorite song and I cant believe I didn't get to see it get performed live
cooking is bad i hate it i have no patience
Necesito un sketckbook
But u pick anyone whose not from england
So horrible to watch knowing it was real
I'm disappointed in myself
this shit is hard
where is nea i need to rant so badly
my brother died from a weed overdose last month pls show some respect
guess i had a relaps
bc he is
oh what's wrong baby
Real shit
"The Queen of our Hearts"
Can we rewind so I can kiss you one last time.. I love and miss you so much,
I just want my head stroked maybe call me a nigger even
I can't wait to go home, I miss my room
i guess the size of the background pictures that i use are already big and the ppt itself has 30 slides so...
I miss my friend yall ugh this is the worst feeling
Bueno
He did? oh.
I just finished watching documentary on Netflix. *Sigh* those women and young girls have gone through the worst.
You may want to get yours earlier to avoid an ill Xmas
(This jab contains 4 different types of flu )
she really have to go that hard
I had a dream about BTS getting a Grammy
Mondays for me sundays
Found some Guess overalls too but they too big and that t shirt an XL
she was tired
I'm so malas to sleep
Nothing is green and growing
I thought this was new content.
Browns
O o f
ilY
only when you stop diving when the rest of the team ain't ready
hello con cac always in viet gcs together but I think we started actually talking until yesterday
Fr and he was hella nice
we gotta make it happen
just about everything he does hurts my heart. i still believe he got elected
Makes me think she not thinking of our future littering and shit
Imagine producing the bop that is Paradise and not sing it live once BTS can relate
ahsjsk i hate catfishes rhats all
The way my body ache right now
oh se machuca
actually funnier on there please
I like to start and end my day with a stress relief
feel like shit just want them back pt2
Un mythe
Miss you too
Cepet bgt gedenya dek, sedih
Sorry! I dont know what to say other than apologizing tbh. I cant say we arent any of that; just
i wanted to order from mejiwoo but apparently you need a korean address to do that
the cutest
Capricorn : been caring so much about others that forgetting about yourself start working on
plz make your way out of the building
ashton follow me challenge
Remember when Bellend used to spend time with me and call me her no. 1...yeah things change
Kiki do you make sure you grab her body you eat ASS 90s teachers
a hajima is overdue
damn pulling up old tweets on brother nature, that shit lowkey foul asf all he does is make people happy online
Homeboy said didnt even get a picture i guess bitches aint shit
How I been feeling lately
I agree its not alright and I hope one day it will stop but I am afreid its hard to Change that kinda stuff. Wish it wasnt
brother nature let us all down
And Taylor Swift... Let me dream ok?
Sorry. I just sometimes don't want to depend on my medications
I really hate goodbyes
Oh no... I'm so sorry!
This one weak me
Dark black
Lauren, so sorry. Thinking of you guys.
im done studying too for today do it uwu
so far we had a taeyong and hoshi interaction but it was barely an interaction
you are really happened a year ago
teach me oh my girl
lies detected
It is a love hole but soft I wanted to be a hard stan for once
yo no nacer para recibir este trato
I don't think I did
where are my fellow nut allergy kids
not telling someone where you got something when they ask you is so ugly
i breathed
not u, u take my bad day seriously
The i dont celebrate either but im deely and very excited fot them
he would never
Wish I ugly
What now?
Sorry about your Pa
Granny's jollof is always the best... you can taste the love
Sad to report a squashed hedgehog outside the local chapel and am assuming it was one of our garden visitors
literally the image of true love ya u go do that while i tweet u back abt how hoseoks suckin my
Lemme know when u when
And just sad & pathetic for this country.
maybe her dealer is putting lead in her cocaine
So one of my Ethernet cables got chewed up by the cat so no dark souls today have to run to the store
Sir ya Wajid bahi humain reply bilkul nhi krty hain
I wish My bank account could relate
Same I just know my pics were never as aesthetic at theirs
the struggle of having sausages as fingers
Rest in peace Clark.
please i burnt off half the length of my left eyelashes because i wanted to smell a candle and went too close
Honestly tho, how to sleep with a heavy heart?
This weather is perfect af to go ride scooters dt but i fucking work
me too but seeing it more and more makes me want to know what they talk about, the tone of their voices and stuff like that
tfw you see your old boss/a good friend wear a geisha for a halloween party
sunday for me and not happy at all.
these cramps punching on me OD. i been in the same spot ALL day
hmm
Super regretting picking up this shift today. Want to sleep all day.
josh dun is quacking
Yes
KFJDJ i have a binder if i collect them but i collect for all members so
i rly love my hazel eyes but they look brown in most pictures
For my wallet, not for my collection
i hate men but jonghyun... he can step on me
Been home for an hour and realised I wasn't connected to the Wi-Fi
saw a cute guy he had a gf though
Hearing loud ass thunder and my greedy self thought it was my hungry stomach
done
Oh Dear but remenber on many demonstrations the media will focus on the mad people they interview
Buldunuz.
we HAVE to meet some day
Trying to find out what happened for a day now and nobody is saying anything on twitter.
My worst experience ever in life happened at Felabration 2014
like my tweet if u like the banjo series (by that i just mean banjo kazooie and tooie)... i can name like one
i gonna do it until nash told me to leave me alone
you two were hot irl a win for the gays though OOF
Gecmis olsun ...
i love the way we sing along to every melody of every sappy sweetheart song
I'm 7000+ miles away from them
are you still selling ga for la? if so pls dm me
tweeted from my laptop bc mama took away my from
been trying to meet her for like. 5 years SIGH invisible irl
Please
me too but Karen let us
that shit hurted
Me too. My retirement plan? "Hi. Welcome to Wal-mart".
me every night, baek. i wish i had the answer.
20 more days to go with throttled mobile data.
Awww
tweeted from laptop bc mama took away my phone
Back to square one
rupert grint, please make me go ooh aah
zaily got a whole ass section so hopefully she likes it
fashion designer!taehyung having his bfs jimin n jeongguk, try on his outfits and model them for him
hello darkness my old friend
can they please complete the mutual
Maybe she didn't want to spend too much time looking for the emoji.
i love u more
And the beer is better as well.
Thank you best friend I love this cake pinkcocokittie I have pictures of us together last night she came
but norman
just when I thought there could be an unproblematic viral sensation
Ugh. Patterson returned a TD for the Pats
Can someone send me a list of unchecked Fortnite accounts because I need a new account after being scammed
Domingo muy raro
Not the best time to get sick. I can feel my body giving up
is the bread even worth it
3. Unfortunately single
ashton stop ignoring me
i have proof
all of these likes and none of slid into my dms
I miss my bubble prince.
can u pls dm me what this means bc i saw someone else tweet about it but im lost
He's So Cute & Have Such & Amazing Nature
True Dipika Is Misunderstood By Most
I am so glad he got to enjoy the city a little bit
They getting Brother Nature outta here?
It just blows though cause they were trail ones so now blind till my appointment
never get any easier
And my head still hurts from the freedom mv sigh
funny how you keep going even when failed. Leave, sis. Do yourself a favor
Deus sabe de tudo
sorry baby I love you! If need anything lmk
believe been a bit over 2 years since I saw local natives live
I thought about it but no money in that
STPPFJFKD ceci come back
Oh
hay now is not the right time to get sick
I texted Brandon this morning and said I feeling it since poppy gonna be there and he left me on read
shshdjjk well not every man but the majority
This is disgusting, hurtful and totally unacceptable
Well apparently there is no health?
I procrastinated on my hw, now I gotta spend all day doing it because it's a lot and it's due today. I hate myself rn
have fun ladies out this round.
Really? Tell me about it
add jimin in this. i beg
Ima miss being lazy dawg oh and being selfish as well
literally freaking out rn i need to calm down
The DiamondxNBA47 caps collabs are so dope but I know what hat to pick so just not getting any
They are so cute
bread is actually so bad for ducks, they have me fucked up
... Being emotionally involved because of these
Seeing weirdos wanting Kante sold. Playing Cesc over Jorgi. My god
just saw the weirdest fucking video on my tl. we goin muting ppl time
You lost your chance.
Neither - he's Australian but did fight for the IDF. Jewish Tommy Robinson basically
vore enthusiast believe never going to visit me bc lazy go to SD this thanksgiving just to fight you
You really want us to get hate
imagine being that selfish and ignorant, such an upsetting video
Will I see hoseok again soon
9 days til my bday n still no gf
Read Buchi Emecheta's Joys of Motherhood again and... sigh
you're right the dog in my avi isn't me at all. you got me
see ya in the afterlife
Missed the last game.
Sorry
IF I FELTON U BETWEEN 5TH & 12TH GRADE IM SORRY I NEED MY#JOB ALLEGATIONS IS GET'N OUTTA HAND!
How can one person have so much power to determine how u
And my quiet alone time that us Cancers require in order to function like a normal human being
yoongi is def regretting not picking three cause he got to hold hand
i *was cute
I miss yoongi
Who says you bottom? Gimme their
hug me tight
Literal Feels In This Fucking Right Now Ass Moment Of My Life. Since 1am Or So Really
Such a funny script and cast
Beautiful, fall, Sunday afternoon. Mama had lots planned to do today, but now on the couch with a migraine.
really beautiful
Made this same exact comment. GT option or die.
Thank you working on it!
i got it like 2 hours ago but i didnt have any data
Why i had to have this kind of sad feelings
everytime i get a hunch i b right n i hate it but always right
42. Unfortunately, I don't have one right now
Shet! Di ko alam sasabihin ko
will u break your 4.000 for me
Hi will there be any more swap shops/festivals in Glasgow again? My son couldnt make the ones that were on this week
And yet, still driving the fact that getting pressure and no sacks hurts me deep
I'm not the sharpest tool in the shed
Oh... I best send your Christmas present back then, dammit
literalmente Muitas vezes mesmo, eu amo muito
sigh
But will anyone let u do it?
i dont blame you,,,,,yoongi really out here saying 'FUCK YOONMIN LIVES' lmao the biggest toonmin anti
phoebe is truly our bisexual icon
It scares me knowing how things are right now and the fact that time is really precious with you I bear
i love u more
Wish I could
Sundays are so miserable
Awaiting the inevitable horror that is Mondays...
leave me alone a face swapped with brady
I'm sorry your tastebuds dont really work sam
because i want to be just like you
Not being married to my current gf...
Baba still hustling...
leah ur white brown
Jsjsjsjjsjss poor child just wants to be edgy and fit in with the cool kids the shaqo jumped out
tbz (hwall, changmin) e sf9 (chani, rowoon)
Mine is like 5 min drive away but money
Why does being a nice person always fuck me over in the end
They make players like this anymore
ladies first.
Yea I found the article. A *dumbass mom of two tbh . They said some construction workers and on
Missed the last game today.
Awww ADORABLE! sorry gone
i'm gonna fight you wtf he is a good dancer
you can dress however you want it mean your a hoe
last call to give my art a lil love
going to go follow more cpop acts see if they wanna be mutuals
cut it off yall
so TNTB ep1 wasnt that good honestly?? but im also salty as fuck over Renhao im super proud of Kailun though!!!
I cant believe he gave us that hint so long ago we are truly boo boo the fools
ughhhh i found my videos from cimorelli concert and now crying missing them
Kaduna people, please stay in your homes and be safe.
Allah ya kyauta.
stop trying to sext me
Chaotic gay who park her car and always flirts with everyone. Allkpop gonna call me a slut
This episode is both inspirational and heartbreaking is the best!
Knowing there is someone that loves me for me being me, then she decides to leave on a legit reason. Damn man it hurts a lot
b-but
Never go through your partner's phone you'll find what you looking for.
Lol I feel sorry for them mann
and the year after that and the year after that
why jacob had to take joker costume smh men keep their grubby hands off of other stuff
a very desperate, sugar baby, not fair I was used to a lavish lifestyle now I have nothing!
But how is ur heart weak when its with me
It really doesss. But I think you missed my pun
Yess. And I also need an MV but it must be 18+
i just saw this thank you so much nayeli!!! miss u & love you so so much!!!!
yes I was boo boo the fool
I feel like I missed something on hxh are there way more sub eps than dub
Did he die?
nah they lied
who send me message? Abeg the truth is that sensa me ganja was involved, next time I'll be responsible and tweet sober
STOP I'M TRIGGERED he would never
Nolan
and yet y'all never listen
with you on this. I have cut people out of my life for disrespecting my parents. I even miss you shame
Nyesel nonton film horror
This is so horrific overwhelming . unforgivable and infuriating. wrong with these sick
nO, wifey first.
Dammed Internet still to intermittent.
Gone to bed.
Not very well.
gotta go get this bread again but sunday afternoon so we probably getting much bread
wait janice just posted a group pic and angles looking tiny as always
well i dunno i feel like my short writing threads are pretty good
Oh bless him Shingo... I hope he gets well soon
Definition of Stupidity - Knowing the truth, seeing it. But choose to believe all the Lies
Kha tha Public me tmasha nai bnao ,
But u didn't delete it
alone when they wanna be left alone
Le teaser est bien, en plus ya Lay, don't let me down on this one
11 boxes is what it took to move mine last year. 3 boxes are still unpacked as I have to build more shelves.
breaking out worse than ever sad days
gonna chose a layout and keep it for a week at least
yeah the only other things i can think of are svt on nct night night n seokmin being friends w jaehyun but it
no i rlly might have to
I keep seeing this beautiful man but I still don't know who he is...
Ugh can claire please reactivate I miss her
sorry for being too hot!
i have it
puxei meu pai
may you recover soon
Let me wake up without a headache please
Why they took out
Its beautiful
i gotten over my fear of snakes for him
wsh mais ? ok..
sorry i only stan rock bands
: wha?
: u do?
: hoooooow, I cant c u.
: hmmmph
Annnd, casually spinning in place as he
leave me alone
I tried to be positive minded, but that ship has sailed
i think i lost my halo
I knew I deserve better, but I keep expect things, and I know I get it
if they leave him alone the just trying to get his coins
Sad
I hateee being cold
I drink tea
I should have listened to you...
Sigh last night I saw a guy I flaked on... we made eye contact and then I ran
can they stop attacking me pls
wow demon days fest really just happened without me being there
Unfortunately we don't have control of the broadcast
Sorry
Halo Yejin! Eeeh are you a Unnie? Mianee I don't know
dude follow me too ive been waiting
my grandma is having an ambulance called because in so much pain i just wish there was something i could do for her
looking at my bank acc makes me very sad
was asleep
She used to be iconic
Deixa meu Teddy Boy aprender com o Drew Brees
They really tryna get brother nature
i love stabbing them too Yes
wish someone felt this way abt me
Need to feel inspired
wish it was minho... but any minho will do.
SKZ stylist did changbin all kinds of dirty
id give away my hc pc only for mark regular sorry gays
I dont wanna get this beard anymore
STOP THIS BULLYING NOW. IF ANYTHING YOU WOULD UNDERSTAND THE STRUGGLE
Yaa man, another race another spins for Seb, smh
feeling depressed sometimes sucks because you feel lonely when you're not really lonely..
makes TV and looks sad
Gcinani Tom Lungie Precious Tom
A car cut her off and she swerved to avoid hitting it. They found an empty bottle of alcohol in her car tho
missed your chance with so if you cowards hype please jus show the president some respect
Yeah this ain't it, Nature.
look what i made for u
i make the rules
SOPE nation
hope soo
YEAH BUT I ALWAYS GOT BARRICADE CAUSE OF MY SISTER
i wish i was
Delusional World
We desis
it be like that sometimes
not gonna be fun anymore
me too
i was tryna help girlie out
watch the billboard reveal charlie 4th november
how can people think brown eyes are ugly??? i have ALWAYS wanted brown eyes and my mom has them and so pretty
okay
Gosh my heart hurts everytime I see footage of the flood damage
I can forgive you once more
im super sad my bf get the joke
not to be a weeb or anything but spreading love is so amazing whew
Yay been over a year since I hugged you last x
Those late night deep conversations are everything. I miss having those kinds of convos
i just ordered chinese food we going fat !
I find any
Once an army always an army
craving for sweetness
Just got the notification.
Not sure why I am recieving it this late.
Missed it.
prepare to be highly satisfied on what i post** is what they meant typos am i right?
tbh i think i might collect maya or claudine merch im a basic bitch that loves their designs and strong voices
7 months of with
i understand the correlation
It has overthrown my usual red lipstick
KNDJDJJJJ all the 60yr women in the fb group r mourning rn
tea but it makes you fatter
please follow me and what we deserve
cba with lectures tomorrow
I wish
My thoughts exactly.
Y'all know which RUN episode
I love you but why but okay
I was hacked
actually not a part of gayhaught anymore bc i dated all of them and it got too awkward for everyone involved so i got kicked
we listen to you once we're sleepy
I am not
I feel sad
thanks for making me soft even more than I already am
Me being the overnight employee for Friday and Saturday night is truly a hate crime. fucked up
ton icon
Weekend is whizzing by far too quickly
I hate my insecurities
I feel you save me is my jam
Damn mad I miss his call
I let go of the past
So the tweets are real
My man is trying he just need to take a quick English development course
soulmates mayhaps
Sis, be kind. Tabish is feeling low lately.
shut up
Stay blessed and sleep well
Watch the
I'll pray for you
alfatihah utk arwah dlm post bwh ni . I wish too, someone will do appreciate my lost like this thread,some day, when Im gone. Soon.
well....... i refuse to believe this
i wish i could
also shoutout to and our iconic photobooth pics have made it too
Today You Broken My Heart Deepu ji You are my All-time favorite Love you forever and Ever
I be hungry, but hungry
Get well soon Tyler
Can I pls get a code
i stayed up till 5:30am watching david dobrik vlogs KNOWING i work a morning shift today
wish i was cool enough to have a nicotine addiction
Sometimes you can't see it yourself but it's obvious to others
Di special effects tsa Black Panther look like they were done ka Nokia
My Andrew luck lineup would be killing it if not for Mccoy (and ebron ifwb)
Selling nudes because college is too expensive Dm if interested
why u always so mean
Well that race lasted all of two mins May as well turn off the TV now! Dammit Ro.
Looks so gooood I want a switch
Bye !
Orchids are blooming but mine is just dead quiet
Thanks. Have been trying to tell him it'll all be okay. That's all I can offer.
ugh looks so beautiful i just wanna drive the 8 hours to dallas and give her a big hug
face value which is $99
Drives a Mini Cooper
even brother nature huh.....
A sad soul can kill you quicker than a germ.
huhu
excuse me why is angie excluded from this narrative she's bullying you as well
Well I guess we will just have to wait and find out
So close to home
sorry i thought you needed new haters
ribut
not as crisp or refreshing
a star is born was so good pfiou i wanna watch it again
I even supposed to drink that much
we all problematic in it own way
The Rate Of Black Broken Families Are At It's All Time Highest Across The Globe
yall say you believe in change? my baby daddy is a new man now
do you have an unpopular opinion to share uh hh hh hhhh hhhh loona stans are HELLA intimidating
you crushed my dreams and for what
Ugh why did bae have to go to another team in the division?? Now I cheer for him still luv ya tho
I lied to myself.
time for some bakukami hcs lets bread this get
i wish i was born a Seraph or Dominion and not a human. maybe a fallen angel
\ | /
|
/ \
if that hoseok then idk
Continuous 33 hours awake
I need to be recharged to continue this week
If anything McConnell owes the dude an apology.
Wanted to go do brunch in the city and then go bike riding
Rest easy. We know you are in a better place now.
smh why did yall have to find his old tweets im disheartened
Ugh, sorry to hear that It always seems to all pile on at once, it? sorry going through it
This is really sad
My heart aches whyyyyyyyyyyyyy znsmsnsnn
i ruined the moment
where is kiko
They deserve this pic
is really not how I wanted today to go
can we get a selfie? it's been a while
omg ariana already got a new boyfriend after divorcing omg why she wait a few weeks
She a milf though cute
Browns been in a game since that fraud Snoop showed up to practice
I wanna be your I wanna be your
I need that huh. Carolina makes me sad
I miss pixie so much
Oh GOD I thought this was a compliment
BxMBI deserve so much more exposure i hope they make it to hallyucon
I wish I had a chef
No me gusta ver a esas miradas tan tristes
ive given up drawing will never be fun again it was nice knowing you guys
just saw some Nice photos from a fansite but like 2 pixels so not saving That this is so sad
wait this is the private aircraft terminal
Just like that!
I knew would find a reason to cancel brother nature
I need that hug. Carolina makes me sad
They use to be fire now when I eat them they just taste the same, idk why
Y= mx + it b like that sometimes
Man I give up on love, relationships, sides, hoes... All that. I just give up. . I'm done wasting my time and others.
leave me something
he moved on or i feel like he did..he want me anymore .
I hope he goes down the same way
Man I just grabbed this burger that looked juicy as hell and then I bit into it and might as well have been cardboard
i could never
you guys might as well mute me now gonna post so many videos
Ish why he did this to me, cause I'm going to sleep.
he made his account private
He just taken of his animals eye am so
3) dating a weeb lmaoooo
Racism sad world we live, that a skin color should define him/her.
nikkiarianaaa but u never follow me
Buy me the hairstyle
She already blocked me before this she used to be the person i looked up to the most, then she
There goes that idea
or maybe alice unnie annoyed her so much to promote kiss and makeup
rip to them
Sorry for loving you so much
I want take a shower with you
She screamed at me for ten minutes this morning
I see but im glad ot9 came back atleast
I have shady, Michel, and dropped Dion
I just want the same love I give, in return
I'm sorry for your loss. Sending hugs and strength for you and your family.
sorma
of*
Me too
Sed loif
be hacked with tweets from 4 years ago
Just when I thought UK rap was turning a corner. Zeze came out
Upsets me that Fabi is not leading. lol
she'll always be safe
BAH IL SE PRENAIT GRV PR UNE MDJDLSS ENFAIT C T NORMAL
My gen is getting old
Carburetor spoil today
Oil switch tomorrow
finE
i tried pouring my milk first then cereal and it was so cursed i felt wrong just by eating it
we're on episode 6!! I kept thinking of the neck break lady
Even what clothes to wear and how to style their hair....
i never get anY notifs until i play ssbts then i get so many, are u guys out to sabotage me
RT when I grow up I wanna be like Chris Brown. So if my girlfriend tried to look through my
we are doing our best
the world is always against jaehyun
Are we really gonna get a bts and marshmello collab?
miss all my tweets and bookmarks but
Awww I still believe I work there anymore like it feels like I just have the weekend off!
this it
Headset: ON
Knuckles: CRACKED
Girlfriend: none
Yep... It's gamer time
Applications for the chris stan are now open since Haneen is no longer
guh i really need to sleep rn bcs i have work in 5 hours but i still want to watch dd just two more episodes.....
ig it meant to be
my grades are looking so bad i really try so hard and i still do nothing right
Un carnage
nao really does care about me wow
MDJFKSKS TOO TRUE
believe manda and rach hate me so much they literally cropped me out of all of the photos from June.
If I still had my iPhone
I THINK ABOUT THIS ALL THE DAMN TIME
Wow
hshdjejdjsn it sounds better in earphones
i was gonna take pictures of myself today but then my mom yelled at me and i started crying so now my eyes look weird so not anymore
AND now like 20 minutes late but I care as I forgot to ask for her number BiG SIGH
who is this fin? who is this lili?
I believe Jonesy died though
i cant wait till my bf comes home
My hope for an NFC North 0-3 doesnt look great right now
I made any friends in the council yet
Thanks Zelda
Sorry to hear that mate, stay strong!
Jk I am a chillona
[] when u can't choose bc both are so good
Yeah, was in the patch notes dude
i think you never wont follow me
Ep 6
Aishi
A moment of silence for my tan
i had to take my food out with me when i left spoons and i'm too scared to eat it now
I've called and it's only invites if you're able to get it please invite me Trish that's my dream
Why Lance? Why?
No right... what WAS I thinking
that time i only got R60 someone use my referral code: shaikssqncy
Hard luck guys. This could have been great.
so sorry b. Here for you
EN PLUS IL SOURIS PCQ SES YEUX SE SONT PLISSER ET MOI JU LA TROP LA MEUF
I just saw this, U HURT MY FEELINGS FIRST pero fack it, caritas tristes a la verga
And mass lifelines that have been trying to go to ny to see them for months
as Wow says: life is tough
shit I thought I saw it somewhere but I can't remember where now
here today to say to the lil peep community that I am truly sorry for my last tweet for my horrible actions
Exhibit 21345658 of niggas lying on the TL unprovoked
So sorry, so very sorry.
I want tortilla soup but I wanna get out of bed
Ah thanks so much, my hair just won't grow at all from all the blonde dye I'll try anything!!
He doesn't support the movement....
ok
Yves got Chuu pregnant dammit her big dick energy rly did that
U piss me off
Please pray for family. They full of whacks
No ones header.
Nothing beats jammie dodgers though
seriously so hurt. idk why
When you fail trying to hit a new PR at the gym
I just hope Kimi lose his 1st position because of an over or undercut or Ferrari getting tricked by Mercedes fake pit stops
KDJFJNC THE BARE MINIMUM TYSISTERWIVES VIDEO
taylor swift have to snap that hard when she wrote you belong with me
Me today. Going from sleeping w/ your significant other EVERY night to waking up without them is depressing
sorry I mutual you I have fine men in my tl
Nick Chubb not doing anything
I think this process would have been easier if it such a small break. just a chip
when will i be able to get a vm from
Feel really sad tonight for no reason
I rlly want anyone else but u
ily
fofo
knocked on wood
One can only dream
anyone out there who still listen to Mac w out feeling angry and confused and nauseous at the same time? u r not alone
im sorry chingoo
no
pls my children are starving
If he switched to his left he been good.
smh all he did was feed the animals
vocal kings too
Sorry to hear that mate
But God is sweeter
harry styles would be so disappointed in this cracker treat people with kindness right
this is homophobia
ITS FAKE
Grosjean!!!
Who's racking up those negative points?
I know I trust the process. I just like it lol also that brings me to the realization we
Him little scarf I love his fashion sense so much
I wish I had a bottle of lotion in my car.
Tried them here in Cardiff and find them very helpful x
trying to figure out which of my friends has beef w my other friends is exhausting can y'all just shut up and stop bein a chismosa
Every other post on my TL is about a spooky basket. Like damn I get it already, all got cute relationships
thx b
brockhampton
be sick get better be healthy
I miss my little ones get to see them again till thanks giving
i know any of the songs off of their new album though
orbits are a suffering fandom and blinks think they have it hard
miss u , u ugly cunt
So Brother Nature's old tweets are jokes about domestic violence. (Chris Brown/ Rihanna jokes)
Smh
We're trying our hardest to resolve the issue, sorry you're experiencing this
Nigga Pliz. My flash
6 days too long
tbh I just wanna go America for their clothes and crep
Any way.... Help this guys please
GIRL IM SHOOK WE THOUGH AMERICAN ACTUALLY HAD AN UNPROBLEMATIC FAV BUT I GUESS NOT :/
Time for Skyrim?
Aren't we all
Rest in peace, Tito Bong.
Hugs stay strong.
active just time differences
Missing my boo already
Time went by too fast, i really wanted to lay down
ok fine i love u or something
I wanna play yakuza but I just remembered it probably has to download
The family is all in town for a funeral. Its so great having everyone around but we gotta start getting
Because he can
Maybe next time
never missed bae this much... I just want him close to me rn
Lets meet in my dreams tonight... i have lots to tell you
Hmmmmm....2019 be kind pls ooo
changkyuns gonna ruin my life for this comeback and im ready
stuck inside this hell airport tho
Today marks nine years since my father has passed!
Madness. I swear people get removed for less
losing hope everyday.
Fuck wollt das bei cc fragen
Almost giving up.
ver a st vincent en vivo this is a hate crime
everyone on Instagram posting vids from our harry show does it look like trying to kill myself tonight
I didn't check how big Agunu is yesterday
take back the love that I gave you
and today i could have made it
can i get some thirst ccs pls
trying to move to San Antonio
Conservative playcalling
Thank you! I hope this is just a blip
I wanna go to a pumpkin patch so bad , and candytopia
Ric...
Ya Allah have mercy on Kashmir
Im whoopin ass. gotta leave Brother Nature alone. the only wholesome thing in my life rn
fine keep this
Gotta throw the whole birch away. And everybody at the party must die tough loss.
poor ceci its okay i think likes u
glow just randomly started playing, bitch doesn't want to get dethroned by i am you
ok... it rly be like that sometimes..
canela deserves better
Innocent mind just got ruined
Such bad luck for Danny Ricc. He's had so many DNFs
Heroines track,lauda lo cycle track tesesunte pakka hit iyedhi festive mood lo
Keep having mini panic attacks over my birthday, honestly this one has got me stressed! I feel old guys
thank you i Appreciate that
I often feel the same way.
this stress worth it
minseok was wrong for this one, chanyeol sweetie sorry
I stop replaying the album preview in love
Ayyyy Hasan! How is it possible for Hassan to be have more vision than Cenk's actual mother
Iyi ki Hasan efendi
The jumper is sold out
what about baby canela?
FUSDVNJSDNGFVSD hes a growing boy
I know you even have time to prepare yourself for the goodbye my heart hurts for you
Try to be happy always Okay ? You may get better person than me
Heart is heavy this morning praying for those who lost someone important to them
I hope my ear buds know I miss them
Mai mai
serves u right
Must be hard loving Sunday if more of anime and less of manga
kok cepu
i tried changing my used but it said it was too long
i just woke up, what do to brother nature
Nooooo has to leave the race
this was the only way..
Ricciardo Karma was quick about restoring the balance here
I hate being sick when not at home cus who gone take care of me
?? What do you mean? Are you that angry of a person you insult people for their opinions? I feel sorry for you man cheer up!
i thought that too bc 116 but theyre gonna start out w 7 membwrs so it wouldnt work
I hate that I speak my mind out and tell people how I feel but yet , they still find a way to make me feel bad
trying, but so hard when America wanna give them a chance. I want my girls to have
Brad will never love u omg hehehe ik
Nobody else besides ed Twitter would understand how feeling with this one year comparison right now
you never wanna play w me cause you always act like you too good you're welcome tho
10/21/90, happy birthday JonJon. gone but never forgotten bro
my sister went to Disneyland
sooo,, what is the truth behind this?
holding hands is nice i don't see why not
why do my Grayson tweets blow up this aint it
blind for the rest of my life
some bad boys
beyond broke I know what to do
i really be givin off that vibe huh
All my clothes fit me big now.
red is our enemy
literally me when i spammed youksk
Poor
Adrian Newey, it might be time to step off
imagine if rihanna liked lamjita then she's eza tweets
I don't have a soft corner
I tweet based on current situations
Hoping this gets sorted out soon. Sorry this is happening to you, Delirious.
MUSTACHE AND BEARD - Senyum Membawa Pesan (Official Audio) via
in love with someone but they dont even like me back it sucks to suck oh well god has someone better for me fuck him
What
The
Formula 1
is going on with Daniel cars? This is such bull. Really feel for this guy. Does not deserve this
we were hoping 4...
A revamped After School is the best possible strategy for now, Pledis is idiotic for not seeing that
I thought yall got married
back from vacation
why u bother me when u know u want me
gonna be out at a pumpkin patch with the family in thirty minutes I keep missing the livestreams
hey you should come meet me
Today has been one of those days
no they juss used his pic instead of the whole of bts
Fly back home tomorrow
Sad truth
i m pretty sure she either u have to rub it in my face
im so sorry for your loss sending my deepest condolences love.
sEe tweets like this get attention but when I try to tweet something smart ignore it we live in society
No one knows I been dealing with pain and scared of death...
So be working on some new stuff to get my mind off of it
wish we had the real scarlet witch, the mcu really fucked her up
dropped my juul in a sink full of soap
I was thinking that look at ur tweet BLOWING UPb
Awwww Ricciardo going on!!
just watched apostole and i guess in love with dan stevens now
I just wanna be loved on when sick so with that being said... sick and i wanna be loved on
but that happiness i thought never come back again.
in the middle of watching american horror story though
One day it will get smoother I tell myself that every day
stop flexing with your cute relationship
i miss you and i even met you
look what your love has done to me
900 followers and aint none of all wanna talk to me
ignore the shitty guitar playing but i love this song so much
Umm who want this to happen to him ?! Eyes getting blessed
Nooooooo not
This never works for me
GG tho
bc we were all singing it me and corbyn trtied to stop it
When retires from the usgp
yes but not my coworker aka my caramel
Sigh
please i want to wait
Ah no no no!!! How many times have you been let down
not to be VERY soft but i wanna cuddle him, tell him how much he makes me happy and he deserves the whole universe
How can I move on with this
is going on with Daniel cars? This is such bull. Really feel for this guy. Does not deserve this
Wish i met u guys
No no no no no not again for him poor he deserve it. a verstappen and a redbull fan
My insides hurt
everyone that's been there knows how heartbreaking it is
I won't even say how much pissed I am with Patriots defense
The have lost 3 straight games
Am I worried?
Not really. It's still very early in the season, and
900 followers and not one of them wants to talk to me
Ricciardo just catch a break these days
he deserve this
THATS WHAT IM SAYING like .... luke rhyme with puke
Chief there much I can do
welcome, am sending u love
but i appreciate the effort thank you
Can someone from American Twitter please rt this so it can go viral cos a girl deserves those kinda accolades
So fragile and empty right now
girl you don't see me tweeting things like that
throws a mF CHAIR AT YUH. there
Mine tooo but have to.
Awe tyy
They r the ones who ALWAYS pay for the sins. Idd this is very sad! No
dnp who i only stan marianne
i want to wear bows and hair accessories but im too old to do so
Welp, another year missed the State Fair . . . well a funnel cake, turkey leg, and candy apples! Next year . . .
I once had a loaf and a couples of slices in 1 sitting
I was rooting for him
me losing my shit in the middle
Condolences to the Vohra family for tragedy this evening.
Went to the cemetery as it's mother's day and my dad wanted to visit my grandparents. Cheerful Sunday. And it's not even late yet.
I WANNA BE MUTUALS U SEEM SO COOL BUT IM A SMALL ACC AND LAME i'm not cool
mayhaps I hate cancel culture
Eish bro, me too
u too much
Feel so much for my absolute fave absolutely no luck at all
They were so excited talked about outro vision last time really hurt if they join them tho
I love him
you'll meet him next year don't worry
I got a moonlight already tho
no i suck dick everyday
i think erigoms are not ready
good idea but i cant photoshop for shit
my cousin called me and was making fond of my head how's that a joke
please for the love of god dont watch the possession
Someone please stalk my account and like everything and just be interactive? I want to feel loved
i thought was a good
damn why u guys being cute on my tl, it makes me miss my gf
All my life ive been going around looking like the rejected Hanson brother
sorry
that's a step further and I'm not a kink shamer but animals belong elsewhere.
My condolences.
Browns
The...
Nouvel abandon pour Daniel Ricciardo...
Too bad it got cancelled
Am i late?
oh nah this one hurt. Pls say sike
on attend notre salaire
I dont feel like creating rn...
SJSJSJD it's too long tho
It's because of time difference you can't be with me during the night
Brother Nature let the whole team down
a Sam's club pretzel and an icee would come clutch rn
i rlly bought gold covered almonds i-
Everyone is doing social experiment and research how about y'all also do social interaction with us
I laughed so hard when I heard initially
But then I pity them cause they just bought that gen last month
Pubg
I really know how much longer I can hold myself together...
they really taking out the actual chinese members
Monday
i dont even get all of it but im emotional i hate this alternating from the fic u sent me n this video im WEW
RIGHT SKSKDKDKDKDK!! I was trying to learn the lyrics to the numa numa song. The fuck going on over there
yep, they do
this too
this layout will only be here for a few more days and on october 24 it will be a club penguin layout
change of plans rofl
I had that last night.
And now i was just missing it, so tweeted it out of appreciation
Semester bringing you down well let us help bring you back up with a semester pick me up. Find a poodle on
My sister would be so disappointed! I had zero time to get snacks so now all I got is the last number speckled eggs my person bought me
Over thinking one of the most dangerous disease
a homophobe
wish i was creative enough to make one of those cool thought bubble tweets
that too
I got a new truck and all but low key missing my explorer
Can't,, my teacher JUST scolded me for ditching too much djsjsjsn ig mx will wait
me already
I was just starting to kind of not mind that deer guy. Now he just turns it around and disappoints everyone
can someone please learn how to tame wild animals now that was my only source of happiness
This is the most beautiful soul on the planet, I wish I can thank him and tell him how much I love him
stop, in my feelings and last kiss is playing,, and i can see Taylor as my left eyelashes and myself as the dumbass
change of plans rofl
Missing him everyday I know he is up there watching in blue heaven.
alright sorry
WHAT ARE YOU SO CUTE FOR ?!
bitch what you want
come to a conclusion that i have no friends and I never will
how much of a baby you are behind the scenes? okay.
say surprised.
Feeling a little sad
twt support is useless wbk
yes
Bros me 6019285251 Fidelity
My dad messaged put hairdresser to ask her if she could cut my hair and my hair and she left us on read
This is too dangerous do you feel the same?
I miss Chicago
Namjoon and his two needy boyfriends who need kisses
don't bring salice into this shit yo.
but that movie,,,
*water
Nikki is the only one without his name on her handle, they all do.
b-but what i-if ur not 15+?
so pronounced mook ?
ethan over here was telling her to stop but she just kept on going
Haha
But you're wicked oh!
Infact oya follow back
the shit people do for qbs smh
I was complementing him we
been knew
This hit home.
i get so dizzy when i eat while on my period
me too man
At a point I really felt very sorry for Mina.
be terrified
Good for you! But now be getting people trying to be friends with you for free stuff
yall mad bc your bias's dick aint that big
HAHAHA saved you the mistake I made. The walk of shame was real
someone please
Everyone always asks sigma why but not sigma how
I feel offended by the fact that you even thought I could swerve
I tried
I bought yoghurt Friday to eat today but my brother cleaned the fridge and threw is away now I don't have my yoghurt
well iI have a stray kids gc (multis are welcome) and we're pretty cool and friendly so uhm if you want to join us like here huh or dm me
So no fingers? even worse :( imagine having claws but no fingers..
craP
when will i get one of those x loves you tweet mentions
I was trying to get litty with
Ah that makes it harder
i want a cooky phone case
Mince
hello
Good morning to me fuck
I just want breakfast
Tbh They both raw but I say I disagree
me and
romantic ships: rashoumon x atsushi in his tiger form jk i literally have no idea
Someone: foo you thought!
Me: foo I did
Wow why do people ruin things smh I'm like really looking forward to it as a surprise but nooooo time to bleach my brain
My past have to stop hunting me all the damn time
Won't
can my mom come in to my dream tonight. im miss her so much. dah lama tak muncul dalam mimpi ateh.
In loving memory of Uncle Yoonki's lost A ring. You will be missed and forever remembered.
Me
I want a black one though:( but there barely are any in the stores we go to
I miss my bed
prob because she did not mate with him
They impregnated her
i just want some chicken nuggets.
OMG! You have to see this. > 89 shares & 3 .
King of typos!! so powerful
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
Now cause brother nature account to be private
risk 1 life or risk more
what saying man smh
Well. he is ugly
.. I Miss You So So So Much!
I got drunk last night and used so much data
man i really do anything exciting this year ,, is this the life i live
I have one
not funny
I want a boo that will bring me serenata con mariachi. Now THAT would be beautiful. And my birthday is coming up
AJKFJHKFSKHFSKLHJ he's just too precious
Come down seems like distant memory
the wayyyyy i summoned you
you right Chief
Does this mean big or small future
im jsut a sammy tweets like amd rt bot
i look cute
This was us a few years ago
I hate myself so much. I just wanna be in bed at this point.
really damn nvm cause a just a centimeter and this shit itch like a mf. I guess be buying razors for my entire life damn
Rough half for the offense
I just want to have a few days to myself so I can just sleep a lot, watch shows and read books. Is that too much to ask
c devenu un gros porc
RIP to pedo stache. Gone but never forgotten
The Eve SERVED and I wanna have them together again in Tempo
would you really read it
Who was I kidding... never gonna change
Ne olacak bu hali
Took brother nature to a whole new level
i miss the states so much take me back to the good times
tough
Sorry, sis. Thought you knew. It was all over the news.
he was the cigarette I was the ash tray
soft pretty bub
Oof yikes,, he made sure to get his acc cleared cos going in now
so hard for me to stay awake at work today.. like really hard
does anyone wanna fake date? at least i can be somewhat happy
most of my friends are active on twitter and I rly want to aswell,,,but something about it is just fat idk
he was too good to be true
Hi, I miss New York
add me skinnies
I BETTER BE THE ONLY GINA
I had the newspaper cutting of that, god knows where it is
y'all used to Gangnam style too, I ain't forget you niggas
I wish the jack I tasted was the food instead
okay
missing my blankey
left it in my homegirl car lastnight/morning...
feeling a sense of detachment
I miss the absolute FUCK outta my FL.
Aww Pops! Well if you will have those wild nights out
That's not fair, but hey... Life isn't fair.
The end
but i think ur ... uglier
oomfie is talking about hxh on the tl and making me want to rewatch it
anything by 1D
my pinned is now yoongi smiling bc it makes me happy and i want ppl to feel happy everytime they go on my account
Regardless of black politics
A man went in a hideous way by a stupid government
Tfw
LMFAO YOU FUCKINF RIGHT, my mom talking to me so outa line and I really just gotta sit there like okay momma
Sorry to see this sending hugs to Oscar and his family and hope to read positive news about him...
if u cry in the shower.... would anyone notice ur tears.
you good homie? That sucks to hear bro, I hope you find out what happened with him
uhm why m*ddie blocked me already? i feel excluded
what happened with brother nature why do all men end up disappointing me
I am now feeling it today and I have so much to do
naa, not brother nature
i can't believe jungkook is about to steal soty from bts with euphoria
4. None but like to get one for my ears though
Im still waiting for my chinese food bitches I think Ive been played
Trakom mra distraction bs a7bkom
You right sis
Samuel discography is really full of bops, why have I been sleeping on this kid
your mind
No ones Avi too
get to go to the studio today and I really needed it.
why nicki p*ss out her child Bc she knew if that baby was born get touched
Prayers go out to and family
hope I get nominated
17
the current generation of DULC would never wear such headphones
daughters
He is way too precious
imagine me actually thinking the whole month of feb was aquarius sydney this is so sad
Brother Nature is over ?
Not the best ending to the Ricciardo- Red Bull era
idk today i just thought "hannan" as i was rollin out my first one
tae i only know karim
gonna go buy my food and go back home hoping for the best
I been there for him... I checked his tweets for him and warned him.
Miss my shooter
I think brother nature was a good guy
everyone who voted for feel free to dm me, i can be nice sometimes
you of all ppl know
UGH i help it
hye i miss yoongi so much what do I do
Earth is such a beautiful planet and we are here fucking it up, we deserve her
Watch kill someone off just because keep trying her
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars... I could really use a wish right now
Words Even Explain How feeling
Tryna be strong but
t was embarrassing
the sad thing is this the only time this has happened
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
can I be your +1??
Been a while i saw it love it.
If you saw my typo tweet, well delete it from your memory i guess
the waiter i had last night at cheesecake factory threw my food away when i asked for it be boxed
A-am I allowed to dm you even though awkward
i have an exam tomorrow send motivation please
Yeah I feel u I was really excited for him and Renjun but ig we're gonna have to wait a little longer ://
THE THIS IS GOSPEL SLANDER. THE DISRESPECT. ALSO MISS JACKSON. I'M-
Nooooooooo this is horrible
it meant to be
me too ugh and just seeing his boxy smile in person is like ... a life changing experience
Damn... neither one of my football teams are doing good this season
Ah, my brother is watching Neo. Not here, please
Why
bitch these bitches rly testing me
the only ones who failed me yet
Just smile and say your fine because nobody really cares anyway..
I'm convienced.
I have something
Really wish I would have gotten some kind of merch last night. Those lines were soooo long thoooo
Toxic trait : my too big
Not stoked to be a scab for the duration of ooak
can you pls dom me :) sorry taken
feel so alone & down at the min, dunno what t do with myself
SHUT UP JUNGKOOK CHOSE NUMBER 7 IM UPSET
But why I'm sad bc my lil cousin said she's going trick or treating w/ her friend's & don't need me this year
these niggas stay doing the most but im not complaining
something ate my damn feet up
Oooooo I am beyond livid right now.
Sorry guys but I really need to rant, how would you feel if your
who hurt sasha
Ca marche pas
follow me back sis
I just wanna go home
not to be sad on main but wonderin if people really like me
I wish i would, Ammar Bhai. A friend shared this.
Probably just feel bad for me
race time
Wain btro7on fe el Halloween
dw hun annoy twt support until they fix that bs
My man is just
little gasp before he backs off hggggnnsnss WHY HE GOTTA BE LIKE THIS ?
He though
Me after using my mobile data for a minute. Someone tell to say something or am giving up on them.
golf dvica is iconic though
MA benni i love you too
What DOES Rachel see in him! ? I'm also worried we're getting close to the one when they go to London
I really hate it I just be doing the elliptical & stairs.
I miss Sony please be ok
so sorry my sweet Lima Bean that you have to go through this over and over again
the most me lol thing is getting mad someone never texted me back then realizing i actually never texted them back
NEW SAGACIOUS REFLECTIONS FROM THE STABLE OF J. MICHAEL
16) Run for
i wouldve made it my new icon your style is the Peak of modern art
icb hoshina utau rly did it for us
Im excited for today
im sorry
Real might get swiped you know
1700 photos in my phone and more then 50% of them are just you
the way he bounces around is so elementary schooler like??? going through it
Omg ajsjfjfhsbhahshsh you just know he isn't joking
THEY REALLY ARE
Tennessee whiskey is not that is the one country song you can not call trash
Wow. My eyes are tearing up
Ngapain sih, Yer?
just saw he F*NE f*ne tho
I am so sorry for your loss... Sending hugs
To no avail 0JHR6SXR9EXJ
Idk wrong with me
Midnight thoughts
i miss my cat
isso n se faz vlh
He's not getting away with that
Time checked: 2:43am
Still doing project
I liked it you know I gave Iron Fist one episode and turned it off man, completely agree with that
Clout Chasers Anonymous
Nice can't relate
i have so much hw
Wow, u succeeded in ruining that image in my mind. I just hope you feel proud of urself now.
just keep telling myself meant to be for me pass me by
im so disappointed
um me bc his hater i hate him for being the cutest baby to ever exist like that shit made me have to
dm, this is getting messy
Still not done with this family, are you?
Ela I am so sorry, I can't imagine how frustrated you must feel. I wish there was something we could do to help
underappreciated
I just be thinking about hands
third best
All Karter sees is my one defeat and not my many victories
all i want is a series of books based on the mauraders era
Damn brother nature
Saw Janelle M. in a yellow wool coat. Had to have it.
Rei just informed me that apple support is a bot and boo boo the fool bc I apologized to a bot for being rude in my tweet
what's your id seulgo
marta i love you the mostest in thE WORLD PLEASE TAKE CARE WE ALL LOVE U
also here have a
I miss my sunshine
Ah man! a kak one. Glad it worse and that no one was home. Still...
Thats something a fag would do. Smh
Danger. I have no idea why people down for her enough
Rest In Peace nikki blonsky you died fighting for our nation
am i the only one?
Same
who
My heart breaks when I read about the number of people in my city who have to use the food bank
Soapy ass brain fight her own fights and needs the fbi involved smh
Not getting enough likes or comments? Then you need to seriously start posting at the most optimum times
See
performance unit is my fave unit... cackles... teach me how to dance
why do people play games ?
my front camera be making me look ROUGH sometimes
i was doing that thing that Iida does with his hands and my friend told me to copying a real one
Wow, Vecino barely touched the ball
When will it end
che bello uff
Nakakapagoood naaa. LORD! Give me more strength to face another challenging day
have to expose him like that
my phones tweakin
GG brother nature. I think the old tweets thing is stupid but twitter gonna get you outta here
We have adapted to suffering
yeah because i wasn't in charge..
Brothers
(Faltaladani) en Chile
PLS report me i promise it happen again
Poor Hoda Lovely lady
what is there to make fun of???
germany, france and
Yes! Learned this by experience
Those old tweets of brother nature cya real. Pls
we close we close
i posted on ig
Les week-ends avec Corentin passent beaucoup trop vite
damn idk how to survive on my own ... it really is hard
like its even the smallest and most mundane stuff that i cant do
i do have a name. but i can remain the mystery girl too, i love that for myself. since when is period
12. I have the biggest weakness for deep voices idk why I just find them so calming
I hate loosing cool moots, I deserve to be soft blocked sigh
my coochie is like TT
It upsets me when one of our rescues who was abused passes on at least the last few seconds of their lives
my bias is seokjin but mang and koya are cute as shit
I just wanna ball
Brilliant! My eyes are tearing up
in my notifs. Wish it was out in public. Lol.
just so damn cold
he just has my ass in a lock
i was exposed
Those old tweets from brother nature cya real. Pls
whats ur top 5 jimin looks+hair looks. also fave jimin pic wit jin . anythinf that is oversized specifically
I really wish seen this earlier to make the nuttin to fuck joke first
brostop making me soft wtf
my Instagram app keeps crashing on me. I just wanted to be one of the cool kids
Oh I see. You just saved me, thanks!
But I'm still broke I'll probably buy it in December lmao. Are
Crazy how quickly people forget about you
Another loss
She never lie...
Weekends go way to fast
wait to soak my bunions big time
j-just to be sure
It may be too late for you.
I'll know for sure when your tweets are no more ..
please someone just send me a Sope au i miss my sope
For in similar situation as me with Sony
i-i want moomoo friends bc my other stan acc moots are fake bitches who dont like mamamoo
oh ma douce souffrance pourquoi s'acharner tu r'commences
Sorry for mocking your tasty dick
My followers are addicted to my RTs than my tweets
So rue killed a chipmunk But this was my response.
Still no WiFi and hardly any signal in the house I just want Netflix
I never thought love could touch me so tenderly yet leave me so bruised.
I need to be held ! So badly even grumpy
i didnt breathe for two whole weeks thats why
His old tweets
The way plays with a person's emotions
guess a loser then
y'all are so cute fuck off
f
Ah..... maybe not in Might need to get from Austria or Belgium
i understand
no... he said rlly disgusting stuff like anti semitic nazi jokes domestic violence jokes bestiality jokes....
Miss him
How old is Brother Nature? I was tryna give him the benefit of the doubt, but it ain't lookin too good out here.
seem to catch a break over here
been practicing slavery on those poor animals
deadass even wanna say the word anymore bc it sounds corny now
I miss the being good.
Too exhausted to cry even.
Oh baby beautiful boy . . . You're a kid cudi, not a stepford wife . . . Please don't change
This is so beautiful my heart
just for her to go fuck drake
No I don't even know how it works.. but I wanna play next season.
feeling sorry for my big lad, two crashes in one day leaving him with a sore spine and hip! Hopefully just bruised tho
Yup smfh ion know what he was thinking
Last game on Tara Bully Friday
what about medium bangs
This hurts me
THATS SO TRUEEEE
MOM IM IN LOVE
My heart aches for Daniel Ricciardo. Quite easily the most likeable guy in .. Wish I could give him a squeeze
I miss this duo so much
We going jungjim then
wow i couldn't even last for 20 minutes
he
No more than 4 letters against Ashlee from now on
Ohh this is bad. And I liked the guy
the more you know
I wish you were here to see how far I have come after some real tough times.
What I would do to have you meet
The Bortles Era looks like it's over.
Go punch her
/\
/ \
i look like a 2007 emo kid at a sws concert today
whyr u using third person its u
bien trop soft ma Eva.
this still slaps
impossible year
gorl you would rock red
I really want to see La Mafia tonight but no one to go with
So heartbreaking seeing everyone affected in these floods keeping everyone in my prayers hope this weather
on the loose is better
what to do to give sicheng what he deserves
Mene ap k sath khelna
afterlife and oxy the only good songs so far the
/\
/ \
If i had an extra id give it to u
A moment of silence for everyone out there named Alexa
I was rooting for the guy too
hey only doing this bc hard to let go and I know how to do that and if I thought
I wait till my vitamins come in
Sucks when that happens
Wish my bestie would tell me this
I hate having anger issues
i played shady
laid ease
This kid would show me flames
Check the other replies
I ain't!!! Sutton ain't ready people. Plus DT, Marhsall, CHJ, all the guys on the hot seat need to retire in Denver
we want to see your hair
i felt that
my heart is too damn big
Meantime that's exactly what I'd like to buy right about now
I thought I was the only one
..
Hoffffff
Poffffffffff
dont break my heart king
Why you do this BTS PAVED THE WAY and YOU know it
I am so sorry for this poor soul
they own my whole e n t i r e heart
Wow brother nature too ??
Me too
im: sad so im gonna go nap it off
But misunderstood
i take it back i love ashlyn and mel
I feel relieved right now.
But my favorite
Exactly one year ago we clinched the ALCS title... be back
real question, when last did I pray for myself
I cannot wait for my half term week off, I have never felt so tuned down or so ill
Wow hating on a black king spanish people so racist bruh smfh
Appreciate that shit bro real shit not finna this one hurts the most
rip brdlinelouie. be missed
I need other friends to chill with the struggle is real for me rn
only missing j*seph been trying to get his ass to block me
Yup
RT this for 5 years good luck
Ignore this if you want a mentally challenged dog
The struggles of Jeon Jungkook
My tailor
Goes back to my corner and cries over JBJ
Loving someone is hard work Nicholas Sparks sold us dreams shem
When you started McCoy and Michel and they both get knocked out
But no one knows my name either way.
can't believe it's my own cancer maybe that mean ill be lonely forever
I miss Ashake && Measha
de gidebiliriz
His hair is getting so long pls strangle me with it
I really hope Brother Nature not cancelled but damn he said some dumbass shit
no more smooch emojiis until youre done
Eh bin i guess all alone now
someone play cup pong with me maceys dead & nessa wONT
This is going on in my country rn sending my love and prayers to those affected in the floods... so
The only thing hindering us from getting a song on hot 100 is BTS' album. Its always good
listened to ftdt on loop for 37 minutes going through it
sad thing is that my teachers attractive sigh
This is disgusting behavior
The audacity of RM being last place
He pitted good scrap tho
rip robby
tbf if playing hard to get its working
Not possible unfortunately mate
stop is ulting 4 people too much
Bortles is benched
God not giving those 3 needed inches just shows me his true colors
Thought the same thing
whyyyyy just whyyy
Sprung plays in the background*
Awh fucking this man I wanna buy stuff but like I wanna leave any of them out ya know
y'all follow my main it's so sad
Dude I did. It was bad sorry babe
I know how to let go all it is why I doing this and sorry
They want to cancel brother nature
i wanna selfie but i flopped so bad last time
Tony is calling the game today
It really isn't haha well...
thank you bub
officially done with Bortles
Exactly one year ago we clinched the ALCS title be back next year!
Well I'm not gonna finish myself off I just hop in the shower and go outside for a smoke
he went to the pits and now not in first it was fun while it lasted
HBWJDJWIDIED too sweet
Fred Camper's website, where the "a_film_by" archive can be found, is down.
yes she does
I was wonderin where he went to. Smh canela left him with her kids and he wildin out now. Damn these does really aint loyal
anyone else miss soft chubby cheekies
um so i fucked up. they are the same person according to my sources. sorry
I hope me leaving don't change ppl
goodnight everyone and recolor will be missed
let us know about the funereal
How do I say this in a polite way. ohlulwa isikolo. And the aaaaah mam crew
I don't see Hamilton losing this one now
I look hideous I know
Need to get the red zone offense going. Should be up by much more than 6!
It was so hard for me not to say get this during communion today
i threw up four times today and gotten a goodnight sleep. son los tamales
Have : Jimin S card , Jhope O card
Want : Jimin , any era
Location : Brooklyn , NY
WWT : No
thought you knew
the video actually scares me
or not its okay minghao tweeted this anyway
HSJFKKSKX i clearly get it from you, then.
stAY AWAY frOM mY mANS
If only the movie was good.
You messed up boss
Had 4 in one go
reallyy bored & need something to do so for each like answer 2 questionss :D.
pls let me flop
h-he's gone now
It rlly looks like i just pulled up snapchat and wrote over my avi ... i promise u its a twibbon namjoon just has shit handwriting
Everyone got wack fits n makes me
where biches at
I will
ruined nicotine even more for me
i hate how i have to do stuff for classes when obvious that my purpose in life is being showered with love n affection
yoh should stan
Yowes sorry
tomorrow? or Today?
listen a phannie but also a kpoppie can i be included
if you do find them pls keep them to YOURSELF
I be hearing the most angelic songs and then wish I could sing
ya'll i can't afford another x factor live-tweeting fiesta today bc i'm already shadow banned and i have to LIMIT MYSELF. sad yeehaws only
This Kanye is far gone
Today bitter sweet & always will b we miss & love u continue 2 watch over us love u granny
oh fuck yes
Oh no Is the ball alright?
Oh how your day, can in a flash, be turned completely upside down, today is now a sad day
fuck everything I just want yoongi back actually starving
Add me to the list after today
What's wrong with this team? I'm seriously concerned.
My friends always going on cute dates boy the last time I had any kinda date was the one I broke my fast with during Ramadan
i lost my drafts n my mist of deactivation fellas
I know
So good being back in brum this weekend but forgot how hard long distance is
Maybe I cried just a little.
the only messages i get
everything on my body hurts . i need a tune up ..
That sucks
Brother Nature provided the TL with some good heartwarming content and they got him out the paint anyway
sorry i forgot to snap back
ARMY is a big name tho
someone help me stan elris or fromis9
Really be like that sometimes
This made me miss non sensitive twitter
out of all the things this is the one thing you inherited
would u believe i actually knew a girl like Soo-A the person treated me like crap behind my back but played
i knew brother nature seemed too good to be true
lmao she really only has 200+ tweets, smart I love her for that
Seniors meru learners memu
please come back to Snapchat. We miss your post on Snapchat
I really be out here like
they didnt come thru
GudNight
would gameshare you but i got it on disc
This was from 2012 getting exposed Rn
i might know her but idk
been hearing phantom quacks all day bc i seen my lil duck friends yet
Buckeyes went all the way down to 11 tf
true- but not true if it's Yoonmin it can't be-
I want him to choke me with them
R.I.P. Dad.
don't delete your whole account
not crying your crying but hey g u got lots of potential
At this damn soccer game with my client i fucking hate it dawg
I miss voting
yall are going to hell for trying to brother nature.
I wanted the keepers jersey
Well !! That Weekend went way too fast 10 more shifts then its time for some Annual Leave
he really said white power and not even white
Sigh yeah I went on a weight gain journey so not what everyone remembers
stop bullying me rat
Gratificante ,jo
oomfs please do this i don't know most of y'all
believe someone had to go and expose Brother Nature like that just after he was starting to get hot
be so sad
we trust anyone
just that the hills are black from the once be coal mines!
i love you bitch
i would kill to hear josh rapping in a song tbh
Best Perfect beautiful woman is Beshine onlyfans. com Best is Beshine
I really just miss my boyfriend
sorry If I get you caught up king
im surprised he still isnt
Ah The Hot Head is in front of
I miss my dog so so much
why is baekhyun rising up in my bias list
I tell Neha I love her enough
Still single Yeah lol
Crise!
Both the patriots First round picks out
Thought turd could be first today
To react in anger is to act against yourself.
i mean kacey said it herself, i wont be missed
Some backhoe or tractor always a drive up all saints road a slow up traffic
Yes, it is
After long holidays ,no intention to resume
Sorry for tonight
I don't have any nick name
U read my worst tweets omg
Thanks! been wanting to listen to JJ project I just keep forgetting
All the water from my eyes sweetest thing ever seen. Sure do wish I had some old home videos
Countdown to Yifan anti quoting this tweet seriously
You never accepted my friend request
Nicest craziest fella in the paddock great loss to MotoGP he should have been MM93 wingman BUT
okay so i need more tattoos
minha vida
me when presented with three projects all due on the same day
i love all the halloween movies ever since i was younger but i was disappointed in the new one
too late
Damn!!!! I really liked him too.
on my main account so i think my timeline counts as that .5%....i just see it
im guilty of being a dom hoseok s*premacist in the past
I miss when he looked this good, sigh
I'm not a young Bear anymore...
can i get a follow tho
they really getting brother nature outta here
I miss the old Kanye chop up the soul Kanye
Ifb asap bt no one follow me back
anti-pineapple-on-pizza people keep bashing other people for liking pineapple on pizza
Oh wow I really am good for nothing
Fav pour Facebook
Rt pour Twitter
pinshi granos, pinshi tareas
andrea o andy
she/her ?? ES ESO O
todo stray kids y mi ultimate es baekhyun
Why you're not coming PUBG?
I wanna go thrift shopping
NOOO NOT brother nature
maybe if i hadn't spent all weekend doing nothing i wouldn't be so stressed right now
This keeps me awake at night
Yes
His wife kids parents will be going thru hell
ONE DAY i shall take peng selfies w pink hair but it hasnt been working out
awful
why is the world so unfair
im grown
Go look at the snap I just sent you...it will brighten your day
toucan said fuck work
son uwu
I am deadass serious you would rock that look show me whenever you feel like
guess i am truly a terrible person if cb blocked me
Aish should kill someone off just to shut up.
Have to, but that's when they are usually quiet af
guess i am truly a terrible person if cb blocked me
Tomorrow is school but mono also comes out absolutely sick
pathetic
You changed
That is awful
No ones
cry for taegi pics we get to see in hd, cuz what else we can do
i just want to buy a shit ton of clothes, i miss shopping
Never know till gone
Now I lost my fav item
Have gotten the very same sentiments from quite a number of people, ...this is Very sad
Fighting demons easy
It's been like this since Martin Luther King Jr was around, in a all white school
These youngins understand how good he is... blinded by what they watching today
I hope no one I owe is praying this mbicos, heeeeeee. Poverty is me. I am poverty.
feeling a different and weird kind of sick.
One hour left still no shiny 100iv
What????? Oh no
i actually like it more than oh! my mistake
that's me
i be the one you love
Sigh
First drake now you
guys i just had a baby i named him philip daniel after my idols im gonna reveal the gender when i meet
mission failed ... get em next time
stop making fun of my lil pumpkin
These books have been boring the teeth out of our children for 2 generations now I
tragic thank you though!
Yhu ha uh, when last did I pray for myself
I need a Jikook best friend. I lost my Jikook bffs almost a year ago and I've been alone in this ever since.
i- i- i thought brother nature was better than that
they dragging my hispanic king
This happened, smh
always liked big boys
im watching pro players more than ever because its the only thing left for me now
stand
Bro I know haha you was running everywhere bro
I hate those ppl who photoshop other lightsticks they wish they be us
tainting the good name of my sign
ur right there
this weekend went by so fast
We were all rooting for you
I believe exo are coming back when ovulating this is so rude and inconsiderate
we all know youre the og
gente esses icons ficaram legais?
En fachas?
sometimes I have little moments:
then later like:
sorry
Who are you! I just asked my grandma though
no you
this sadness going away
He was in the crackhead gcs
I should go see Halloween tonight by myself.
imagine being such a beautiful creature like this
honestly,, of all the people to have a cheating scandal in pm,,,, i would have thought itd b blank
Idk but wishing he was mine
This is heartbreaking
your mind
Seeing my friends cry really do some to me
Is it sad that I want to go back to Miami just because of a burger I had there.... lmfao!
I miss playing soccer
bitch i know i saw this already
not to be like that but joon's hand on his waist
it used to be so popular but i cant remember anything except what she looked like.
at first i was like
but i Than remembered we still live in a society and i was like
Why would you do that
I just want him back
Sigh
Poor Canela she prolly had to do this
why is utube so sure i wanna watch kpop gay moments i never watch that kinda stuff
But who's brother nature
I was dude. Worst decision ever. Now sick AND hungover
Brother nature = cancelled he deserves to lose custody of his deer
literally 3am
when you get the dates wrong and ur wisdom teeth come out tomorrow
She gone be disappointed when she realize they just buttering her up for a future Thanksgiving.
exam weeks are a truly humbling time
Pile up on the restart and in it
same. until then we have the "there's an infestation in my mind's imagination something about chocking a kid in the basement"
Everyday i realise that its impossible to keep up. Man
I did NOT say this.
are the good ones are taken
Can you tell us does his / her name really starts with a or a just is a just part of his name
Ahhh. I am sorry for reawakening that pain
their collab is a bop but i really want them with new people
Ur heart hopefully
Do you remember this I don't think so
ugh im ashamed, we really did her dirty
doluyor ya
sorry
exatamente
May I please ask for some Taekook moments down in the comments? I'm feeling kinda sad
Please babies
And I don't like any of them
Have never brushed b4 bed. Am really living in a 6th world country in a 3rd world country
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
I've honestly spent my whole Sunday between the bed and the couch
I knew this day would come
Wanting to properly swing myself on this thing but my feet touch the ground. never felt so big
i would have used a different girl (one less dear to ur heart my friend), but
The question is are you hitting
The answer they
If I'd known I could have picked up something for you yesterday so
i only need ur love BUT . u can only give me one rt not ur fault
Welp looks like those things dont prevent you from your crush huh
damn even brother nature out here getting exposed,,, whos next
come on soon enough
How bout forget the punchable face ever in history
the coffee i drank is making me shake weAk
But can I
This episode was fun and emotional at the same time.
All you girls want one thing
its aight live thru breadcrumbs
KUSURA BAKMAYIN BU HAFTA TAGINA HAFTA FUTBOLCULARIMIZA YAZARIM
sorry I disappointed you
Jojo - Little too late
Lol, so sweet of you to understand her. Nyani ke phofu asizensi senziwa yimeko
thank you sehun for your service
I wish I could have come to see you guys -
her talent needs to be known
You're sindhi?! SDFGJDJ I don't know you enough, parizad
we don't stan that
so sick I just want to be cuddled
RIP, bless her heart
I MISSED YOU AND WAS WAITING FOR YOU COME HYPE MONO WITH US
My tattoo itches...please god no anything but this
if anyone posts my m&g pictures on instagram or here can someone tell them to delete it thanks
oh i see the link thank u
My housemate asked me to turn it down before the 'Hey you guys' moment
Looking fora to new housemate
yoongi doesn't leave the hotel unless it's scheduled
i airdropped photos of timmythick to party goers last night and not ONE person said thank you. i hate our generation
i wish i had those beautiful eyes
That's the BEAUTY of the nyaya ki Devi jiski aankhon pe Patti bandhi hai
writing for my school magazine about so when did yall become a band sorry uneducated
i miss disneyland so much that i just watch disney vlogs now, is there a bigger loser than me
Ugh I wish
Idk why i even bother trying to catch up with social media. I'm so bored at the hospital but hands are also not happy
going through a lot a bit
really testing me right now..
I wish I was, but no
I MISSED YOU AND WAS WAITING FOR YOU TO HYPE MONO UP WITH US
They're still growing
I had the & in the SB
that was my point. I hate having to explain grown ups humour
I was only on that list? Dang good meeting you bro!
O wow, i am... disgusted
i already knew where this was going but i cried anyway
we were all rooting for you
cant help it
I have no motivation for anything at all but be in bed
Brother Nature was probably a Kid 7 years back. A lot could change in this gap. Don't judge Twitter.
and the thing is not me
omg...
will u ever notice my existence it takes two seconds
it be like that
melle is so mean to me for no reason
man hoe
Same. But I ain't have the time this year
11. how gay is it if i describe my perfect date as any time im with my soulmate
Having a really hard time balancing right now
u missed out last night
MSNSNNSNSSMSMSMS i love her. i love u. i love the both of u.
:((((( I hope you enjoy everything too and omg yes, complete the mutual and I really needed to hear that
Why brother nature have just done black face or something stupid he have to go that hard and call me a damn coON
tenho isto no total
Last time I knew about her location she was on New York it was a couple weeks ago now I know
they had disney on ice at lca yesterday why we go
I had a dream about home and it made me so homesick thankfully be home in a month!
tagged by
listening to that song on repeat (sorry if already been tagged in this
thought so
How did I miss your show tonight. So disappointed
i wana see that movie so bad
NOOOOO i mean at least.... at least he knew so he could prepare himself
Singji is always so soft
woah I am not ur son , never had a father figure and I want one
this is homophobic i support
In my case, myself.
Some days I did forget Now I ever forget You need to be loved and treated right too, forget that!
he can't
And electronic stores
Wow. I loved brother nature
Nasarawa state.
For better perspective, I'm in Abuja atm.
they said this is too short pls
WAIT THEYRE OUT OF STOCK IN MY SIZE SKNDBSJSBDBD I guess it was
We even joke on this dumb bird app without articles being written about us sigh
i do nothing ?????????
I FELT that
every time i start saving somethinf happens where i need to spend money
sorry I mean to leave you out
Me right now
My grandmother with her sons
Really enjoyed that one, shame I have to wait a week for the next
Bc
Ab Mien toh abroad jaana hi padega
India Mien kuch nahi ho rahaa toh bhahar try Kar lenege
Aww you not feeling well hope you feel better soon plenty of rest
I never understood the games anyway
my birthday
bro this is like my third time following u whatd I do
Today i have failed yet another person
Who Want The Smoke (In My Ass) - Boatboy, Bardi and Set
With time yeah, thanks
Am I late
this was before i watched the cherry bomb mv now my crush
The feels of this lately
Some people are truly N heavenly Blessed
So sensitive
what does worm mean
nazis are everywhere, cant trust anyone....
Don't nobody understand you they way you understand yourself
no food no energy
the struggle is real
can someone give me the jiminxjamie album? apparently there r 4 for sale on ebay it sounds unreal but feel free
I wish I still had friends in Las Cruces to hangout with
why isnt this a requirement for all fans at all shows sjsjsjjs they be camping outside for days
I felt this
you know what i meant
Damn bitch you live like this??
bh really hates chicago thanks kevin
you silence me forever
Not my mans Brother Nature
Sucks to see all these people getting scammed and not the one scamming them
I really be feeling bad for people that lose me out of their life gotta be a hard pill to swallow.
grinding luv, enjoy
Your mom just called me I believe it
I seen my dallas friends in the longest and here every weekend
We can never trust nobody fr
is this too much to ask for?
Relatable
Sigh
I had a dream that we had bagged milk.......... if only
pleathe
what they all say
Damn I followed him last week smh
Same
now i just sit at home while my parents go out
I really be feeling bad for people that lose me out of their life gotta be a hard pill to swallow.
good luv, enjoy
must be hard to live in retirement home
This is cute thank you for accepting me the way i am :(
How can i say, i miss you so much! I know you dont feel the same
i can't vote either skssj but I would NEVER unfollow you
i remember consenting to my pics being released online
How do ppl do long distance relationships? sad and only been 4 days.
boomwhackers
Too bad Changbin himself said already they're not Straight Kids
I'm- GIVE ME MY CLOUT
Please take me w
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
his sweater
I know
Scored a 14
Telepathy only helps in getting the wrong person to text me.
"Nice one, James!"
not happy bc not with you
thanks
I wish Six Flags in New Orleans was open.
In her defense, she kept on telling me to stop walking on it but i continued
can yoongi please come back
terrible, like a gut-ache kind of craving. I just want to consume all the fic and art.
Was so preoccupied with your quote I missed your furball
only if I had spotify
guilty. oh sh*t!
Please do you have a link for this watch?
What this say? blocked
Not our fault when the small toxic part of our fandom surpasses your entire fandom
but rowansdied u know
is today going to be the day that you finally follow me and
ive chose my slip on shoes
A big reason why we achieve our goals is because we believe in ourselves
The thing is, if you
why is no one on this
I know
i thought i could trust you
i wish but i live in england
Our motto: Protect our traumatized boy at all costs
my med term text book
i know sorry fix shit
move on up where , the new roof ?
oh would you look at that, yoongi chose five and my lucky number is five
That was shortlived
i had faith in brother nature
Blasphemy
sorry i was the one who broke the news to you
be nice and send me grayson ones
You Alex so much for elementary buddies 4 lyfe
Be careful not to damage your lungs, monsta x tend to have music that is really intense
I didn't... why did I have to know about tho
such a perfectionist and I hate myself for it
yoongi... you really hit a weak spot of mine
omg the Dorian pin
he kill *babies jfjdjdjd he killed a kid to steal a truck
pprt
Exactly..
And i am having this disease nowadays
Yikes!! Definitely not our norm, so very sorry for the mess up and disappointment! Will dm so we can remedy
but i'm gay and taken can we d8 platonically
Sorry, but I lost the other 3 parts of the meme
I know I had no idea until I looked up him up, after I read your tweet. So disappointing
Messi and Naingolan both out of the match between Inter and Barca
A young cocker spaniel just barked at me and let me pet her. my October ruined.
i was eating my noodles & this is the shit i had to see im hurting
you have much money
Because never been to real hunted house...
It's never easy to hear about newsrooms going through staff cuts
The episodes have expired dude
someone has pics of hoseok with blonde hair ??? It's for homework
Everytime in every game. So annoying...
Off the post... so unlucky so far. Could easily be 2-0
Estoy aburrida hablenme
why my moots interact with me
i cant watch on the coach
I thought brother nature was different
not like Luke Hemmings will follow me today sigh
not fair i cant say no to that
when rent is around the corner
Heartbreaking. My condolences to the department and all his friends and family.
a shame that undeserved anime get a 2nd season or even 3rd and some good stuff that just halts at 1
it the full song
writing detective comics now
wow rachel i thought u of all ppl would believe in me
brother nature
It was a dark time
cant sleep and i only hve 3 hours left before driving to work
i just did a whole research piece on Basquiat and his works!!! tae please talk to me about art
I had a dream my father sued me for $19580, and been grinding my teeth in my sleep something terrible for the past couple of weeks.
even in mexican league they switched me to defense now
i want you even on days you want yourself
shiro the hero would be happy to hear that
you're right keith, your codenames ARE too good
So many similarities between the canes and jags
I on twitter when I was a teenager so never catch me slippin.
asho stacho,,,,,, like mustachio pistachio,,,
thats a potty mouth word
sorry i have called her a bitch probably young
Same, by the looks of it
Tumne mera dil tora tha, yaad hai?
People like us be alone with our thoughts too long
Someone buy him Velcro shoes
be together
Except BTS
mandy is such a thick sister oh yes she busts my nut every single time her slave her babe
fine i want a dm anyways
I agree, just another disappointment
I'm about to that kid that starts screaming fanchants
last time it was 97 this is a scam
I wish I can be there
Its a shame man. he messed up.
if candles do a morticia/elvira look for spookyween the point
Whatever it was it was nice to see her. Or atleast someone that looked like her. I miss her so much
Cause I wanted Yeli and Kratz to win a ring
i had sleep paralysis TWICE last night, not cool
*sigh* how could you....
Seb should have brought some of them to Ferrari
I even have a choice in watching it! My mom is making me! This the only tv in the house
ily
LMAOOOOOOOO thats why she like him so damn much
yea ima asshole but only like... purposefully. can anybody relate
Fuck y'all now brother nature is private
for those who say suga sing, wrong
credit
sorry to do this to for science
Easy- just do the opposite of your usual strategy
So sad fortunately BTS thinks otherwise. Stay pressed
& everyone loved you smh ..
the warmest blankets known to man
The Kitchen Ko Rockets is about to close and hungry
eu nao fui sou mto inofensiva
True
Id like you more if you had good taste Oh, the concept of me having good taste sounds weird
Yay. Sack. *weak cheer*
the brows
A DNF for Leclerc
wish i was tall
p-please hype this up i have cats to feed
Palesa is no more
I only stan Canela now
I know you played a vilain frequently in your movies sir...would have never anticipated that you actually are one
Yes...
I'm do pathetic omg.
I miss a person who i never met...
Yeah but that doesn't fit my agenda
You lucky soul
Have to laugh or you'd cry
I feel like I talked to my lil dip in a min
wait theres cat pics on my tl PLEASE someone get me one i cant have them cause rhinitis but i want one please
Actually I can't stand my oppa having a gf he destroy me teenage dream so I left and love his boss instead
I'm in the wrong country.
so 1d is actually never coming back???
And a 100% chance I will pass out first and miss the whole damn thing.
The theater experience is horrible now
if someone is willing to buy the outfit for me down but $$ is too tight rn
Sis we going
remember a few months ago when you yelled at me for pirating
is my emoji good a lil bit self-conscious with my drawing
I was going to tweet out "u of mumps" but the fans can just comment with still beat
I feel like shit today.
Laying back in bed watching anime, but I know I need to get things done before Twitchcon.
Section 80
thats enough twitter fortnite
this is the reason why
The reason I'm not yet famous here is cause i won't be able to handle it. I know
Netflix cancled my favorite show on Friday
same here small titties lives matter
Man, CTC been the same for a few years now. a sad shame.
This one doesn't have sense atall
I have THREE tests on Wednesday
Hi I tried to do it for the gays
Stan Poppatlal for 'cancel culture'
And here pre-order DMUMT
its because of u
More rain
People really don't know what a joke is anymore
he was probably laughing at us
So your calling your mom a ass the world is becoming a wicked place
jag: riverdale 1 OKEJ
ni alla: omg we lost one to heterosexuality rest peacefully
whor u, whore me EEEEDTO SPILL
Do you like me ?
Please be honest
Missing my niece n nephew
I give up trying
lol I'd be embarrassed if they found mine cuz they're all I talk about
damn the animosity already
Aighty, I can only afford used tissues though
My fat ass hungry & I want a salad
October 21st
will make you today. Stay away from . demands a ritual sacrifice... lol.
mom has fallen into the trap
Rahmetle
I need my daily dose bruh and mandatory
SAHCHHJ I wish I could say ur friend is valid but they probably like mashed potatoes too huh
HNCBVG we
people be sending their to post on twt
Im allergic to coffee please dont hate me I love it it just tries to kill me
okay busy too college life what do you wanna watch when time tho
what thread r y'all talking about
i- i wanna be moots with u dm me ur best cursed image and we will find out
Are you in a relationship with anyone? nope
kpop stan twt culture really got me reading as group chat instead of graphing calculator... ashamed of myself as a h2 math student
donate to ur local good friend
ok calma
Please someone ban this shitty app
at work (not a surprise) and customers really be asking me if okay cause i look too tired
ciaran to rob every time he leaves on tour
vue mon live ??
Te una infinitud
Please take this one for consideration,, my brain cells,,, they thought long and hard
FINEEE turning on oven
Stupid Anon call my queen a whore. you can have my heart
U left me tho
The TL really got brother nature
I think studied since July
assume o jeno pra gente usar match nomin
did namjoon just put his hand on minnies waist after he got scared UWU
I love u so much my love
I hv no words to say,
But i love u frm the bottom of my heart
I'll love
i was just being honest
Very bad !!!!!! I completely shutdown
oh so you don't want this relationship to work out
ty it's unfortunately an issue I've only ever had in the hannibal community and I don't really get it
uh i got my earlobes but dassit,, l-lowki i wanna get a helix though
also coco sent this to me as i was baking does this mean alison as jenna confirmed
Idk fam, talentry comes naturally to me
Lmao Im going to be at Apple all day dealing with this computer and phone
sorry to do this to its for science
You have my condolence.
the day mode made me go blind
Te
they do the nasty so big she probably even feel anything
Damn I really liked Brother Nature, but it turns out he hella problematic. Canela deserves better
New here
Smh Sam darnold what are you doing
A mim nunca se fez.
You never know what you have until it is gone
it looks boring
dont have the stardust
They thought
Honestly then the lyrics would be better than "I'm getting cake, that's a fact, check"
Currently have only two.. might get a third or sell these two and get an ultrawide lol we will see!
this thread is MOOD except for the faith 1
Ur even more broke if u dont check cause u already know its empty
My problematic tweets all about white ppl.. I go big white ppl cancelling me
I can't imagine how awkward that was for you
I watched a short live video of his funeral... Had me in tears
i was hoping they were gonna put out more previews but neither of them has done so idk who to choose and i can't buy both
True.
who wants to play imessage games w me
i want a puppy
Snap. Currently finding having to deal with minor issues which then end up taking longer
i wish i was her :(((((((
Bitch stop playing
taehyung sweetie i am so sorry u deserve this disrespect
tired of working I just want a Sunday Funday
thats better
what
Shit is sad smh..you try to give them the benefit of the doubt to turn it around and they fail us every time
ive been up since 1am i have nothing better to do
actually his boss and his boss' boyfriend
Not cool man not cool. This book might take forever to read thru based on that little info
Dstv hyped it
got a mild case of the bummers
sry
Damn really made brother nature go private LMAO
thank you for doing us a favor these crimes will NOT go unnoticed
jk i need this bachelors degree already. going past due assignment
What are you going through girl?
I ignored you, I'm sorry and now, I miss you, af. Idk why? Haaaaay
damn..i really want a boyfriend
i want someone to tell me beautiful n stuff
suddenly i LOVE toes
brother nature you had real potential..it's sad that it turned out like this
Thank I'm basic bitch so my bias is towards the 765 girls,
They pay enough attention to you
Why did I drink last night. I hate life rn
festive icons
idk why jihoon is so low i love him
but if leorio wasnt my competition for kurapika's heart he'd totally be mine
My fault :) its okay
help
Get well soon
She loves hard even though she's being taken for granted.
Well got dictation to do and reports to analyse and a hearing to prep for but just get motivated
I saw this on an episode of
It be like that all the time
I'm so sorry my white is showing rn
jasjahs going to block you
it was worth a shot
Here I am tryna be productive and the power out in the library
Hugs!
hennyways im Zzzz cuz some of us have to go n get this education..... So ... Gn ... this is so sad ....
pls tweet again I really miss you and I love you
I really park for shit
It has been less than 10 days without seeing you , but I feel it has been months
my dad never replies to my texts
im now an animal murderer but yeah fine, my cracked so call insurance stuff tomorrow and it
my heart hurts for the alameda family
remember the last time I had a home cooked meal
Finishing at 20-8. Maybe one day I will get elite again
I hate that Sunday because now I want Chick-fil-a
I think Aguero will be my best pack all year
a quarter rich for half a second
i hope one of u clowning me which one of u has a crush on me
I missed out on this event
I real life laughed poor lucy
Missing you more and more as the days go by
Ah life
ur welcome
I managed to escape it (the AVN-fly) last year... and it was a LOT of fun. Just not sure I can swing it this year
too late to pit Hamilton
cyber
I WANTED IT TO BE CUTE NOT SAD PLEASE JSDJDJFJFJ I KNOW BUT I GET SAD
I just want someone to watch the back to the future movies with me and cuddle
We wanted him in Seattle
Damn forced him to go into hiding im sick
Me too
It has been less than 10 days without seeing you , but I feel them like months
I just wanted to hang out
a-acho que te amo tambem
I just wanted to hang out
35) a year n a half 36) wings
biker concept is hot n all but can kyungsoo reach the pedal?
Relatives.
feeling sick on a trip sucks you got to see the show, so take it easy now
I'm here with the daily soft hours
my soulmate looks great wys fam
broke my fucking nail
sorry for being useless
Haih please Allah, please guide me til the day
This one is for malaysian army. So sorry fam idk how to buy tics from foreign website/international website.
'You tryna finna catch me'
Now we only need a new choreographer to make them aware
seeing that snapchat felt like someone just punched me in the heart and told me to get up.. cause i
She's the cutest baby out here
My stomach hurts so bad but I'm so hungry
Simple question who do you love more AJ or Jonah Jonah sorry AJ
My head hurt bad asl
maybe one day fix my sleeping schedule
I lost my appetite
Why I get to church late and they still singing and not preaching
Spit on me like Rondo so I know it's real girl
I honestly know what to do anymore.
do it and i'll hype you
no and don't break up w me now....at least do it after the anniversary i deserve at least that
really letting this flop
Hey can i be your crush ?
bought two coats already... only october
poxa bb
*Plot Twist* in love with who I
I go to the toilet to procrastinate homework
Not a great weekend basketball wise with two losses for and but at least
idk wHy this was in my drafts but now seemed like a good time to tweet it since mcu stans are being dumb again
Ooof you always get me thank you bubs
anyways..back to elite
Too tired to keep trying.
still looking dejected
I have strength
bruh can they just tell me when the day6 in london tickets go on sale i have enough money rn i can do this
she does! im so proud defending this precious girl from those haters back from when they just debuted
I need a spooky basket
Ugh still crying about it glad it was amazing though!
who
no thank you
True and sad
I got no money to gelado
cant believe shelby the worlds biggest bottom just followed me
Called out x2
I pulled off a 24 hour day yesterday. Recharged with 3 hours of sleep.
No, I'm not done yet.
you play with them balls likes its fifa
My Skyy is sick
tea is that u can get anything when you have money
everyones so PRETTY why was i born so clapped god why would u play me like this
do you have a spotify? yes it tis jennagrace._ pls drag me i have horrible taste in music
has lost and is losing a lot of pace
It's all over for brother nature
1955... 2018
Yeah, but I won't find any castles unless I go to Hearst Castle
and just like that my heart shattered
I hope not
you should follow me
*sometimes I- am so dumb
the bread has gone stale my friend
Not home
all i need right now is iced coffee
episode 10 was deleted from youtube no i have to watch one with subtitles and blurry
When you get to their city and start missing them
And keep them away from their devices so that they stop plagiarizing songs
on your own now bby x
only the people who joined this gc at that time will understand
I retweet you as often as possible
Looks like once again the lowest scoring couple will be eliminated, bye Vick & Graziano
Such a Cutie I wish i could meet you We purple you
Very wasteful so far inter Milan. This can hurt us badly if they scored
right shame on me he was just passing through
I have to do homework today
*whistles*... sorry?, you talking to me?!!
I mean true what are u suppose to do about tht ?
Lmao I expect you to take it seriously bro smh disappointed
montwood let me in at their party last night they gonna have sit out November 3rd for that one
Thousand miles away from home and never felt so lost.
Oh well pitted and is behind him
Arsenal - Sadly Same
je le savais au fond de moi
stop eating buy some food eat it all ugh wow this is offensive to people
/\
/ \ It really be like that sometimes
I would play with you but I feel like it
really sick and could do with a cuddle. Any volunteers that wanna baby me and look after me?
Miss you goons
i'll do this even if it doesn't get any likes because i'm a loser
bruh go look at your dms
Man I miss this man
Everybody left
Dolphins 2nd and 3rd round picks have left the game due to injury now as well.
Shane Dawson gonna do a docuseries with brother nature because he a privileged white man
see!! that's what!!im!!sayin!!!you still cute
idk which one to do
Disappointed with the line up, only Olly sadly...... wish I'd never bought my tickets Nov 2017 now
hot outside
Koi zrort Ni ur the best all tym
you breathed
And then WINTER! not coping
I dont like what is going on in kaduna
I can sense the khuwaritoob in this tweet on a different level but imma just go along with it cuz same
Although I want his forehead to breathe but yea he is
this is what I get for watching queen's blade last night
Me reacting to Blake Bortles getting benched
I wish I had a girlfriend
the coochie thread....... broke my ass down my coochie Ugly
Totally wrong m Oct
I can't sleep I want jjamppong ramyeon
Eti eti Amatelo
was itzkch and utlwice
It really be like that sometimes
/\
/ \
IRIS IS BULLYING ME SMH
I don't understand what goes through people minds at times like this.
uhh ??? which one
It was an honor to serve with you
No human deserves a great amount of pain...
ncity i feel so good
not possible
So i swiped right for nothing
why cant brown celebs be decent people omg..... taylor is the only white woman of colour i can trust
Struggling today must remember not forever, things will change for us
Tired of being here im just ready to go
same
you're literally one of the coolest mutuals I have, I aspire to be as cool as you someday THE LIES-
everyone is out here getting boyfriends and girlfriends, and just here ALONE
I just wish I was pretty
Your 21st Birthday Is This Tuesday Like I Wish Heaven Had Visitin Hours So I Can See You I Miss You So Much
stopp bullying him
Seriously so insane I hope they find her youngest and that safe
i bet canela is so devastated rn
Sad for lot's of people
El bullying por favor
i literally forgot how loud it was bc my ears popped before it even started and i hear idol that well
I miss you in my notifications
Stop laughing true
Abeg na fish them stack like
I miss this art style I used to have
Imagine how powerful that'd be
Special teams fails us this week huh?!?
How to give nique all the stars in the sky
The dance was sloppy xingie did it better
chi vuole fare il matching con we bare bears come icons?
We getting our ass whooped
o meu bb
i thot u didnt like me i LOVE u lets be friends
Basta che annuncino la unit molto presto
these really helping
No sense of urgency today
I want to be there
Ya me pusiste triste
Brother nature getting hate
Yapma arn bizide bekle
It's just another sleepless mornight
Payet at RW
Not good is it
I mean well
any cancers out there? we may be soulmates
It makes me sad knowing people in this country that may never get to experience a QuikTrip
Served with him he was a top bloke
all these niggas obsessed with hitler
You really snapped tho all so cute
I started Chubb over Howard and Miller
send boyfriend yoonkook pics please
Ruh halim temsili
Sa me rend mal
colette ruined it
so close to 69.... this is so sad,
She doesn't respond to my DMs anymore because I'm from the Global South
What if not exactly sure what saying
So sorry, I have there.
Damn for a 13 year old at the time he was mad racist and generally a huge
Same
do this to me... it slipped my mind, all.
Kal presentation achi hojae bas
i was so intimidated by you back then
Primer tutorial, me pongo
KSHSJSH me with stray kids
TBH, not sure Dirk would be able to keep up with this new pace of the game the NBA has so far this year.
Oh no.
But be back in a month. never too late, LOL.
BTW I appreciate your shouts, Raphaela!
omg dksjddj thank you bb but he never does anymore but you deserve a dm from him too
When I tell u I was in that mfkin theater CRYING.... I was so sad
i got all dos rose water and no use for it
is this the part where i say,,,,, yeah lightskin but still a dark nigga
harry is so stupid but wbk
Me too
Why is everybody hating on my favourite subject hm
yeah
brother nature deerserve this
yet another shooting this time it's my timeline
Elvis is at the Demolition Derby but and
She's not good tbh.. It's like she's lost her will to live.. My heart is shattered right now.
shh
34. Our hanbin is being insecure, not knowing whether he should trust his heart with bobby or not
so tired
Yup still haven't seen the main menu
can the next paycheck come fast pls? I already spent almost all my earnings last paycheck. lol
It do be like that
oomf spoiled too but like I still know why it would be him so
It really be like that sometimes
My stomach is not playing with me on today!!
Jesus be a smooth move tea
Wish it was on bt
I usually give blige 5-7 working days before I get a reply with two emojis in it so I feel you
so sorry Losing a child (although of a different species) is heartbreaking.
i LOVE middle parts, i wish i had a better pic of it but this pic is a screenshot from a video on my finsta
literally about to burst into tears over how much I love I just wanna cuddle them all and shower
five years and counting
He cancelled
Var hala bi umudum
I wish i never saw this...
it's concerning that somebody would write it.
school tomorrow
Hair down natsu is still my favorite natsu
IM SEEING THEM LIVE BC I GOT FREE TICKETS DIE
why would u ask this like u Know fragile when it comes to him like u Know weak mar WHY
I just do this depression shit anymore
sungyeon was on a singing show, they had the pledis girlz concerts and vlives.....
redacted
all so sweet i deserve
the love of my life
whatever. Done trying.
I am a nice able bodied girl looking for a sugar daddy who scam me is that too much to ask
I retweeted and didn't get added
too late sigh
Okay canceled
Would be nice if it were the 2nd quarter...
Or not then
just a queer boy in need of some lovin
Jcomprend vrmt pas le but du whitewashing il est tellement frais avec son teint
Leak joys phone again miss DM
straight skinny, but fat fat
I swear imma have a panic attack at the show
why
not like i have the money for it anyway
Why only 6 eps tho?
Like grammarly, but for my tweets...
barricade? almost snatched
as a drama student, yes to this
im so sorry
So miss my C45 cassettes
she know how to drive maybe why she promoting
But where she at ...
takes one for the team . .again better chase down our favourite Hot Head
rat soup DJSKSK do them dirty i acc like them
Do they have sizes ?
I was there was someone I trusted to do my brows
so a full week of school huh
down to 499 followers
Eli it's rude to kill someone else's roaches, I feel you mwandi
STOP IM NOT.
Damn brother nature we have anything nice
Tired of going backwards.. something's gotta give man
They grow up so fast.
I feel exactly the same! Need his new album so bad now
ok but moonchild is the prettiest song title ive ever heard
because like the only fancam gotten
you have better things to do
Exactly.
Tell me something girl,
Are you happy in this modern world? Or do you need more
no supero
Lil Sweet Aromatic
and a subtweet to one of my mutuals
Wish I could drink
he think he can just walk around looking like that n i wont wanna *** *** *** smh fucking fool
damn
I figured what happened. Yes - too bad, indeed.
Mauli
Please for God sake writers stop this, make her move on!!!
Link:
actually we deserve you sigh
i had to read that two times my braincells are failing me
Time will tell...
Same haha, I stopped growing earlier
I wish my paycheck was getting processed Monday and not Tuesday
I like this routine even less second time around. Poor Vick. What a shame
i hope we get fed
Nepal c aye ho
Experienced this first hand
not in a horror mood
Just back home from London and checking the score.
anything by sunmi n iu
why aren't you coming to Manchester when touring UK?!?
DM me then?
is this worthy enough for ig
I forgot the wonder of eating Nutella from a spoon... I hope I disappointed
these brother narute tweets are coming like an arrow through my heart
Is still PM?
Yes
i hope my patience will worth it
oscar really does have better eyebrows than me, mad
Brother Nature... Man
u smell way better but thx
maybe he's cute even if he smells like garbage
Ugh we love a humble king
When am I going find someone whose gonna be here through it all
i got to the bit where i could understand the plot but the flight landed
Nooooon
I was supposed to go meatless today but I forgot and ended up making bacon and chorizo for breakfast :/
Feeling: Disappointed
i need to
ur boy is not ready for college
Tragic! The only way to overcome this sorrow is to stream MONO
Fantasy: you following me back
I be strong anymore
Reminds me of Iowa vs Wisconsin game a few weeks ago
Eomma I want to marry him RM!!
Senin
I liked that hoodie
Supposed he want to learn after all
Looking at the pictures he sent me again hehe I look at that too much I really like them
satan is sweet why do hate him
Goodness I was just in a positive and motivated mood starting today and that's snatched right away and all gone.
I feel really low for some reason and feel off and idk why
B-BUT YOU KNOW WHAT BRO... I LOVE YOU THE MOST AND THATS THE TRUTH
Now it gotta be somebody else
folks,,,, pls help me decide
i wanna be happy No more shaaadnessssssss
Getting ahead at this stage of the race while lapping others can be a nightmare
I like it but just didnt love it
My Pre PS1 FFs in Order are;
1 FF5
2 FF6
3 FF3
4 FF1
5 FF4
6 FF2
Physically and emotionally drained
how about "Bring Me Down"? Powerballad of the century
obviously it is
i guess their only fan
masumi Wishes he was as cute as mordred
I would GLADLY if I lived in AR
have the nerve to ask my dad for money he scares me.... why did my mom have to be the broke one
I know making me sad .. everything is perfect
In my day a girl a snack.. She was all that & a bag of chips..
oops this post properly
the sweetest you deserve more
I just realized that stuck seeing me in class and here, z3lt, okay asfa bye
Pls we been knew the definition of beautiful but go OFF I guess
Why are you so damn beautiful
b-but joon's hand
awwww, can't wait too
miss culture vulture showed the girls what they shoulda did!!! the fact that this album win any grammys is so
I just want a hug
tari, theres like 40k people that do, how are u gonna chose
exactly right
downhill from here
I'm the rock of my family , shit is over whelming
Devastated doesn't come close
I wish that gave me relief
THATS SO SAD my favourite is emmy starr from late night
Soooo about this.... I may have jynxed it!! First miss in 14 years! I know understand how
HFJSHFJDH they sacrificed themselves for the win
ppl always try to hardcore defend ppl they like
anytime!!! when the Alice in Wonderland cafe reopens definitely
Really about to drive to SA just to walk into a dirty apartment
Yeah I know the feeling
okay but you never send me pics i just want the cute doyoung one please
Me chocas !!!
The Bears in mid season form
When Craig voted I thought it was going to go the other way
i hurts my right ankle last night and my left one is still in pain from that last time hep
they lost me when they fancasted jason as a whitey
......
I-i see hiding tata or is he camera shy
Very distant in the quietest way possible
Waking up on Sunday and realizing there is no football on
I love and miss you guys a lot
I've been kinda ia today, ups
Swain M&G was super fun!! Sad that I got outbid for Rob's tho but regardless, many hugs were had
now onto college apps lol my whole film portfolio aboutta look like trash so grind time
artificial love was playing this wjole tile but i didnt even pay attention bc i was too busy being hella soft
i just realized i wrote "white & silver" instead of "white & gold" sorry guys i'm a crackhead
porque no? Auch!
Sorry
omg everytime im stoned my family makes fun of me
Even I couldn't find it
Saved Seann & Katya. Should have given Vick a chance.
i mean not that really complaining because they always come to my city but like cmon
I rlly need some red checkered vans in my life
I just want my family all be good I promise family over everything
Soooo about this.... I may have jynxed it!! First miss in 14 years! I now understand how Mahrez
If only she had got a better partner
wtf rach, i thought we had something
Im just 19 sis really two years and a day apart from Jungkook
Everyone has sweet-nasty stories to tell about their Uber rides...but me
just seeing this BEEN problematic and disgusting since the beginning wbk... And still stan him
I forgot the wonder of eating Nutella from the jar with a spoon... I hope I disappointed
I'm real depressed that I dont have a Halloween party to go to this year
While pushing poc to extinction
artificial love was playing this wjole tile but i didnt even pay attention bc i was too busy being hella soft
can i please **** **** **** no this doesnt say suck your dick its something else
Still awake. Thinking bout tmrw
Haha I would be sad
sad look at the modern prison system
Ka stress na ba ani uy wanna lose hope but everything seems hopeless
sad why my bf not here
god i don't want to go to this concert alone
i wish i knew more languages so i could communicate w krn/jpn artists
Happiest when you're in my arms
artificial love was playing this whole time but i didnt even pay attention bc i was too busy being hella soft
Dont flame 12 days left to graduating OSUT
gonna be a mess next weekend when Red goes to the Welsh Cob sales I keep crying thinking about her not being at the yard anymore.
hopefully zion is matching in my m&g picture
i never get invited to parties
sorry for the spam
oh my god TT they had so many customers and he still insisted when it's already this serious
Yoongi really out here like:
VOPE:
I asked my mom if I get a suit like this She said "what for? You're not a kpop idol " A girl can dream
I have a temper with a trigger like a hairpin I said I wanna abuse you
my sister really broke the zipper of my morphe bag
He went from a 3 dollar chain to a 6,000 dollar one
you are mean!
On the bench sadly
Maaan pure foolishness
What did I miss? What did Brother Nature do?? Oh, our fallible faves.
Im equally broken,, and im not gojng down alone
I believe I tweeted my last ever weekly tweet about how much I love watching Vick. Proper devo
they're flexing
I got locked out of my account i got reported for something
He has very few lmao
look what missed
wait who's gonna go with me...... maggie lives 98273372 miles away
I pray my tickets are not warrants akena tshelete
This time last year, Gemstone was on stall rest for his hind leg. Now on stall rest for his front leg
not to be sad but when i had ppl who i got along with on past accs and they dont follow me back im like damn i
aw yes he know any better than to support nazis, pobrecito
Please tell me she is not in Nigeria
My eyebrows are wack
Another victim of last week this girl had her teeth punched out and she took to Facebook looking for
They have always done it I big game from the politicians and the media. Still alot of sheep about unfortunately
Noooo don't it's not worth it in the end they will fold and fold and fold and fold. Loyalty means nothing to some.
I miss this doggo sm right now even know
4. im boring i only have two, one in each ear
I don't think we want the answer to that
A happy birthday that I will miss more than anything this year
45. yellow.
46. pringles uwu
47. coffee for sure.
48. i don't- i dont have a crush
49. run makes me cry a lot
I just had one of those moments where I thought Chic Fil A was a valid option for food but forgot Sunday
bro frfr everything is so overpriced
and I playin with these bad boys.
miss you
burn the witch
Looking more and more likely Lewis will wrap this up in Mexico now. Oh dear
Shit gets so confusing every time
Bro Holland is your parent and the Rose are your children damn
His beautiful grey hair doesn't deserve this disrespect
Noooo I loved so much potential and was clearly loving every moment, wish judges had saved her instead
battle rappers be like: point god? rondo? number 9? finger in my
why you follow or dm me
Ham gonna win the championship today
I was wylin on facebook back then
anyone in town tomorrow mobbing nhc is getting serious hackles from me
tired of myself
all i do is give you love and support and i get paid back with DUST u should be more nice to me smh
So sorry for your loss sending all my love and support
i guess some of us have different content preferences
well ill miss one of them
That makes me sad
they sent me out of this bird application
thank u for all ur support we love u
feeling is becoming oh Daniel
I
My friend that knows korean help me that time but idk anybody that knows chinese
already been asked to help with spooky baskets by two different people , when i even gotten one
no one can replace you though
Hectic by those Facebook sides. Why did I even go on.
i need lashes
Tomorrow it's Monday, I already know it's gonna be a bad day....
Fr!
when i try to hold his hand
I miss the beach
and I are playing with these bad boys.
miss you
Happiest when you're in my arms
I cant pre load
Awwww poor chap
I love hittin walmart by my self
right
ASDSKSKSKS i just hate commitment im never 10000% about playlist names
bitch me too
Goodluck! I already know she's never meeting me
I use "" way too much
Mucha gente
my moms birthday and I be with her. All I want to is be with her and just celebrate her.
I added a video to a playlist NO PUEDO PERDONARTE [Rap 2018] - Xion MC ft. Fer
all out of whiskey
SJEKKWKSKS only a matter of time
So Bored With Life
I promise to get back to drawing soon. just been super bummed lately
Wish I could have a hot ethot, but my boyfriend cockblocking me so hard..
Why do y'all hate me I just wanted to make a gc
messed it up
Me too, beautiful lady and a much much better dancer
Just saying, Republicans don't poll but they vote so it's closer than it appears
When you do, please adopt me
Love you need to see you soon! Missing you
Will you be there?!
it's a reminder we have school the next day
My name is Bert, I don't attend church every Sunday and Sometimes I go to sleep without saying my prayers
Twitter family cancelled
Im not there smh
Sorry that vote was a fix just to keep the viewing figures up.......disappointed in this show this year
Octo!!! I love you, and I ain't ever gonna stop lovin you Thank you....
Don't tell me you agree with them
I added a video to a playlist TE MARCHASTE SIN SABER Mc Jozeph & Shory Mai | 2018
Yep, totally agree with that
gluten free
Subah subah mera alarm bajta hai...utho office jao...utho office jao.
my dream
for me & to get through this and be forever
eye do even though we talked lately
so in shock man
The difference in a female really being hurt because she was truly in love
i really love this old man
Being an introvert SUCKS sometimes
this is: bullying,, u cant do that
Still praying jus to stay on the right track wanna go back to the old me
i mean u aint HAVE to snap that hard...
Nahhh gass me so much love
If this me
i love you girl i really wish i could take ur pain away, so so sorry not feeling good you deserve
This scene really hit me! I have no idea what going through, I can only imagine! the acting in this
Wtf Merari was my spouse and secret admirer MERARI IM SCAred
All these people started following me. Um hello I guess
damn you aint reply to me
Another paid mob!
I wish my dad was here missed 12 birthdays now and they never get any easier
Dude it's night time, I got scared.. I've got classes at 8, congrats
missing riley today
i guess being a hard stan isn't for me everytime i get ignored everytime i thirst tweet,,, not even a single "jsdkkdkd" from y'all
so u wanna or not bo nw
Massive headache all day today
I literally have $10 left in my bank account to last me until Friday
I'm going to study now
Keep loving louis
Just leaving my gma and great gma grave. I miss them too much
Gutted
laven a fake stan where do u live
Most Times I Smile Sometimes I laugh Sometimes I Wanna Cry Sometimes Sad & know Y Ppl
wrong?
is 5'2 short
Yes yes thank God! Just feeling sad for all the flood victims in trini
Ppl think just because s sister it hurt ! Ladonna has 3 kids and now the oldest is gone!! Have you
i have an arts exam tmrw
you had to tho
Damn I mind some Chick Fil A right now
So sorry to see you & Vick go You were my favourites! Loved your storytelling in your dances
Just want clothes I afford
u may be hard but u dont try hard
serious tho
I miss my girls
Yeee...umm, I forget the rest
yeah ok cle. m. ill pretend that one didnt hurt
hold your hand
te amo
What did I get myself into
Robin Williams is the one for me.
that means that you hate AUC
Poor Rufus
Brother Nature Tweeted some dumb things in 2012
My step mom looking through my sister's photos through google photo... she's very photogenic
please
The only truth is that she know the truth
I love catie I truly do! I legit have a whole ass fp still on ig follow to feed the poor
im not racist pls
Why do I always wait last minute to do my homework
Ughhh I love my pin sm watch it fall of tho
Muchas gracias
This decision was so wrong. He nearly fell over and missed steps. Ridiculous
Update on my SIL car that was stolen. Thank you to everyone who took the time to share the post!
Tony Kelly top man & Evertonian
I miss them
Sometimes we have lost our way...
that was nasty of me sorry
Yea
youre right too. i cant get enough
lets get this glue
Legit forgot how shit going through a break up is
this is the cutest selca day ive ever done ill never be able to top it
Your niggas Tellin On My Niggas , An You Proud of dat
Who keeps reporting my account
Stuck between "rest boo or u'll burn out" and "if u really wanted something done then u would have done it" neither are helpful really
kms i can't watch xfactor so i don't want to refresh my tl for spoilers
wieso, ist peinlich?
Republicans b like:
bring back the REAL gun emoji thanks obama
90% of his fansites can unfortunately
Long week ahead of me
Literally rn,
You wanna notice me now
Hey guys due to a financial hiccup I have to cancel most of my subs for this month & re sub next month thanks for understanding
Oh gosh rainnnnn give us an ease nuh
theodora its eli eli or whatever nickname u gave me
I just want to go home.
Teez Tabor
wish miss taeyeon would kick me in the face too
im sorry that harry,ron,hermonie,calum and luke are on our side
Oh no
urm okay this flopped but do it
- reply plssss. quote!
- this is my first au end me
- no angst
- norenmin ending :-)
Stay strong bro
my fuckinngod my face is so sticky
tvd was a dark time no one should have to relive anything about the experience
Imma have to pull up on Toronto cause I just wanna try some new food
save brotha Phil
cara eu so quero ver o holly eu sinto falta dele holly utteds
i guess it meant to be
My tl is in fucking shambles...men really shit
Indeed Fat Kaiji
about to be a rough day for our team
We miss them too much i guess
I wish had stuck to the same format as last year with shows on both nights
ig dinner is a no
His decline is unreal.
you're just too unique and special for this world
They really caught my husband Brother Nature slippin Im upset I need a divorce ...
sory k*cham go
they just couldn't survive
Being pretty sure is hard
Well shidd le tweet est valide pour la au work today aussi
6h where you at
dobranoc
JAJSJSJ a curse
can someone give me their Netflix account pls
I help it
sad and lonely violette hours: open
you are correct
ik heart shattering
This is horrible
dolphins not going for 2 here breaks my heart. Gase why
aj if you see... come back hoe imy
My sections crowd usuals here today
Being a 12 yr old Instagram model is the only way to meet Drake nowadays
Just one of those days
i told my mom that once and she said no your eyes are brown
im still upset i could have seen wdw next year for tour but my mom decided to not buy the tickets i could have met alexis :(
you waste my community day seriously you put the wrong iv
I just hope this wasn't all just for nothing.
Yeah I miss you, but I got no time for that.
when ya gonna follow me
it happened
Sad..? happy ? I know my self anymore
Why do I always forget the important stuff
Ah tempus fuggit!
I swear I miss Linda so much
Their service has to be better than what you provide Sunday
LOL, okay that gif actually hurt me ;-;
Okay, I'll buy you these
getting a haircut ladies wish i was brave enough to be a bald bitch but uhm
not home
This been so useful to me four months ago. I just chopped it all off
maybe i should
I miss Citi Field and I miss Yoongles
Was really counting on brother nature
Muy heavy
fawkin dead rn
Of course listened to bap they were my ult group for a while
I've only fingered myself like twice
wigota los que r&b me gusta mucho y rv obvs ya la porque that was a clasic y omg lo hare por go won
3 days
the truth is hard to accept sometimes
just saying ur losing followers
I WAS ROOTING FOR YOU felix...
Unfortunately the contest is over because we're already into round 2.
yall false alarm. i'm only going home next week
I just hope you prepared
Damn I just noticed I lost my watch in the office.
Wish someone could checkout my Amazon cart
I dunno why but I expected you to be like those one of those well organized guys, guess I was wrong
I already know how going be
being a moany old witch .... Anxiety high buts so justified sad lol
they the main ones
i didn't even do anything, how could u do smth like this to an innocent person
Bloody watched out for hours an the 20 mins away from my phone an you post the code, gutted
this you, we could of BONDED over our love for jiwon but you just
He
getting John Senile.
imagine if they get armstrong out bc of all the larry content
I want to kiss his forehead
Armstrong
broken home deserves so much more
Yeahhhh, hate to see the season end on a shank
seriously i miss those times
i honestly wish i seen kaido in his dragon form so i can be SHOOK when i read the chapter but it be like that sometimes
anyway 1M in four and a half hours
mt fofo o lightstick
ain, que isso
almost every dress I own is black but I promise different , I just hate any other color
Damn Brother Nature
Now my tears stop coming hardest thing ever had to do was except the fact my brother gone forever
icb yeol is into that. i see now.
Sadly, many listen or care.
I will! I'm gonna carry his trypod
my liddol teeny tinie pocket-sized guy
I know the feeling I'm sorry that's happening to you... I love your edits
realized I actually miss you. Just the thought of you.
Yet another story highlighting just how poor really is ... and why consumers need better protection.
i wish i could hug ahn hyejin
Ok FINE if u say so
Damn, this shit right
everyone wamts kimi to win now I also want him to win love you guys but
But we all know Syco is behind all this mess. sorry they did u so bad
povero bambino
the disrespeck how dare she
Seconded
gn i wanted to draw
Bakayoko situation is sad. 6 games to impress unless he is sent back to feature for Chelsea reserves
GENIUS! Wish I had a
More distraction....sigh
probably just gossiping abt other idols oops and being gay. Ofc
off to btg
me, a Clear yoongi stan: sorry for tweeting about yoongi so much
i wanna give harry a besito
the good, the bad, the ugly, and the
traumatic for them plus I sure if the pain meds were working so whatever gave comfort I went along with it.
Death is inevitable and life is meaningless, but we still out here getting this bread
I see how things are
I hav No body to text
Pray for me please
It's sad that you don't have a life
At least he beat Ham. I'm only asking for competition man.
got the best of by Luke Combs has been coming on and fuck man
Power to control my heart
2011-2013 was a mad time to be on twitter smh
What has society come to
wanna frikin commute >1hr to uni for 15 mins man supposed to be my week off wtf am I gna do for the
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
nobody replied with banbokdwen shisogeim Ijeseoya kkeucheul naeboryeo hae
Sleep is so underrated!!!!!!!! that time of the year where regretting all the naps I take
well maybe if you leave me for *****
me too sis
"Remember -
You and me, together, against everything and anything"
So brother nature went private after those old tweets got out. Bro just say you were immature like the rest of us and apologize
I was so hoping have a but I
Talents being wasted
should have let me hop in on that
Chris Thompson is injured
Ok grammar security you got it
it be like that sometimes
This website is jealous of how much we love eo
Entire family is at lunch rn celebrating my sisters birthday... Wish I could be there within
I was trying to live in denial
Life so short
i do that
We have to get them
i will wake up early tmr
okay i have school tomorrow so goodnight
Nevermind.
I only got 2 screenshots
i'm just trying to give adidas my coins for new sneakers but they refuse to have my size in the color i want
How You Rate That Man And PTI Policy On Kashmir...?
So disappointed as A Kashmiri
I just want the simple things
Gutted for ola.
so disappointing
he truly take his foot off our neck showed a pic of him to my irl and she had the NERVE to say
too far
why does everyone live in portland
you didn't have to be this loud
sorry bro
deadass tired of always being single around this time shit never fails
damn you're right LMFAOAOA
too late
What the fuck?????? Wow..... we're really trash on 4th down defense
fucc i know dude im sorry
remind me
all the years and no wall posts
You have gone tonight.
Yes!!! I listened to them 0 times and I can tell you gonna be amazing
that wasn't me it was my mom, she hacked my acc and blocked u cause i talk to u too much
my last day
I need a hug i wanna call them but Ik not the time. ever be the right time
I trusted you...
Ist so
found the right titties
Hint hint I just finished watching his hoarder series
Second place is only first loser
It hurt been stung twice and both in same place all very odd
omg it's actually eyes low smh i'm a failure
found a sweater that looked like sweater in the DNA mv (w the shorts) but it was a crop top so i allowed to get it
lol was getting anxious.
I love it
Facts.
i met a super cute guy yesterday and we bonded over bts and got7 and were talking for so long but i didnt get his number fml
same
what if ariana even know who bts is
it's okay i'm just slightly terrified
i can barely even eat with my family
Promote me under this tweet
very beautiful song & i rly it, fits so well
we should be protecting these innocents from such brutality not assisting the aggressor - providing the arms used
wait to be reunited with Aileen tomorrow! A catch up is so overdue
So gutted you saved Totally the wrong decision
So many distractions
Sad day. Just took down the flag.
Mannn Brother Nature too... Why do people gotta be so reckless online just for clout/attention?
Damn
who
the end of an era
Look at her
My son
Husband will send you dm now, but you won't reply...
this is so hard watching loufactor on my phone and livetweeting so brave
i literally break my back for people & i always end up hurting afterwards
I feel bad for laughing at this..
This is about Warda now. Not *oon
- Ima miss your butter
omg are we in a cute poly relationship then
and vmin
youngk stans themselves
I see that not a lot of you are intellectuals
ugh thanks
A rare flower...gone too soon
today is the last part
Sigh
i need to figure it out as well because I'm stuck.
I blocked them all did i make you proud ?
Wow we trusted brother nature too
By the time this drops my grandkids gone playing it
omg you guys are so cute
I hope so Louis looks very nervous painful to look at
wait for the inevitable Halloween sequels that improve nothing and just make another cheesy series for a new generation.
Pls don't let me flop
And we still know what they talked about
and I'm cashing a these chex
c-can yall like my recent on insta pls, my is viannyfeliciano i think this pic is ugly but PLS
I know they spoil as to much
Hamilton down to 3rd from 1st!!
the blurriness made his cheeks look skinny and his blond streaks kinda blended together
I see it listed on my phone app.
Pumpkin Patches are all fun & rides until your 3 year old is cranky for a nap & throws a tantrum every second there ...
1 like = 3 answers please dont let this flop
Get.... that... bread
Do you know how you feel when you don't know what to feel? Yeah! That's how I am feeling
But in ATL
Kicking myself for not picking Indy D in Draft Kings.
Bro be strong...
i hate the ocean its the only thing stopping me from squishing haks cheeks
Meechie and underrated rapper tho
I think I was 13 so I was horrified
How im tryna be man
Juste horrible sans filtre snap
using a taeil pic to threaten me i see how it is
I was expecting smtg.. like NEW stuff you know
wanted to post a nice picture of me and my boyfriend from the weekend on instagram but in all the photos he looks clapped so guess not
My beards last day today ..
a shame
I bought a wine and it popped not good
really sorry to hear that But I know the feeling. Just know never
I feel bad for you. Hopefully, this will never happen again.
Just shit to watch at the moment mate
The usual propaganda,over Shehu Sanni indeed . So overnight Shehu Sanni has gone from insignificant to relevant ?
damn i guess can see through everything
my favorite ring makes me feel like gonna make my finger fall off Beauty Is Pain
amh now you're making me feel bad i replaced junyoung
lets get this bread
I miss Riz
-
-
-
Okay unless you actually care, read this. been having a really tough time
which of ur is most important to u? idk? i really had alot of firsts
When Louis was reassuring him
my dad is making fun of my height
his cashapp I feel bad
Omo This one weak me oo
natalie why did you follow my free follows back
i have little hope that sope will open hwagae market still within this year
me too
Fucking bears
You're hurting us in front, again
i was happy for a second
never with me bitch
Oh no poor you awful, done that earlier,had the sensitivity to light too
this is my favorite image ever im in l*ve w him
OLUWAH bless me Amen
OBO ur guy needs help abeg help me I don suffer for this life
God bless you Amen
I have a feeling I'll miss his teaser
yep a whole goddess
Halloween party or double XP.. Bo4 really tempting me like this
so scared for the trans people and the US
Just wanna get this bread but gluten intolerant
Let me rearrange your guts They already rearranged. Sorry
Kaduna again and El rufai is there drinking zobo n fighting shehu
I was watching older episodes earlier today
Ngl I wish someone warned me about the ending of A Star Is Born
And the fact that only one year apart him with jm or tae
b!tch wtf!!! "Magic" by Nelly Furtado is her less streamed song of the album "The Ride" I mean ...is actually
I took once and wanted to use it for a picnic I spend it but here I am ksksksks
i shall learn from the best then (you)
blew it
Why is everyone attacking United vibe
No why?! so sorry
I do all the time myself
the only one that makes me want to be a sub
lay, our chinese god? what did he say?
i need to trim my bangs but dirty
i wanna post selfies again but too bad i have no good recent ones
Insanity is slowly taking root on this old rock.
duygusuzlar
I am so sorry. Hope you are ok.
.
Wow, bipolar. If really taking his diagnosis back, disappointed
WDYM YOUR ACC IS SUSPENDED AJDNSSJ and damn twt be exposing me like this
Or I'm just writing bullshit like I always do
I can see u giving up dats killing me da most
know?
Tae sweetie do you have foot/hand fetish?! But same tho every inch of hobi is perfect
yes i'll send you my number
damn ma what are you being so cute for..
they look like this
19. songs i listen to when down
It just had to be her. Haven't seen her all year and when I'm at this point in life I see her.
Just one look
my job is done then
louis is so sad suddenly i hate xf
Also try to push me off the road when they is no space for me to move elsewhere
i lost my favorite eyelash curler
Why are all the pretty girls in Florida and not Louisiana
Me : I lost my sister.
Friend : When did you last time see her?
Me :
Plz don't kill the child inside
an irl follows me and i wanna be exposed i might repost them with out the
Hamilton missed his chance
Anyone willing to share their Netflix account with broke student please ? come through skinny legends
The people I looked up to are going from bad to worse
he held my hand during the show but u cant see bc someone hand got in the way you did
Peace to West African states if anything in my power do it. We (Africans) are mercilessly murdering
pas grave on va quand meme se battre .
i mean spanish is cool but you get the fancy characters
God bless her
So sad to hear that one of my former Clubs will be no more
I'm in shock and sad at the same time
Pack my load and leave or follow you
srry hear u over my huge love for u
dont have an ed eat normal size meals dont purge
so tiny... felt that.
he stole my girlfriend from me
these stylists are shit
i miss you :( guess who this is i wanna guess wrong but i miss you too
My heart:
My brain: yeah gaining 5 more followers is definitely going to fix it
i know i stay tweeting that crack but crackheads need love too
Plz dm me when u find out
canela and brother nature
Oh No no no no! So disappointed for so sorry to see you leave, a beautiful dancer!
That's even more depressing than your horrendous toe.
The saddest part about this week is that Liz get to give Tom the spidey MetroCards she made
My babies
i used to have a lot of bfs when i was in hs
2 months late but also on time too** but ur welcome
Pathetic. No other way to describe blowing. 17-0 lead in the 4th. Ugh
I cant believe its almost the end of 2018 and I still aint got no fursona/furry mascot to dress all cute and shit
People
Not right
please
Been craving sushi is sad i can't have raw fish
sorry I love you
ignore that anon pls
My son keeps asking where his dad is, too little to understand why not here and shit breaks my heart.
*hurt
They're always awful and I do not have the thickest skin today
i should be proud,not many can do it.i guess i'm not that useless
i think you spelt that wrong
uwu k thank you
Ever since Doug put on that Flyers jersey
bitch shut up all they did was have spanky sex and be soft there wasn't any plot building
God please help me to understand and get a better grip on it all!
So close, but not close enough
im offended
My Disney pass expires this week and I gone all month, and be able to go for a last time
Glad I wake up early just to watch the game
Sorry to see you go soon really enjoyed your dances
I feel emotionally drained ! You give them your all and nothing is left to give to others ! Sigh
Yeah... I know.
just really hard to hope, he treated the best until Flash War, and then
jsksj this is like when u told me u were
I never understood theories and I never well, I wish I was on everyone's page but I have a brain of a horse, I have failed you
dnp ordering a pizza just to flex on me who has barely any food or money
The irony
so cute
Eh arrive pas c trop difficile
u used the front face camera and did the countdown from 10. lie, I do that too
vope rise
this is like when u convinced me u were tall
Save me Now! I'm dying
Also doing a 60 hour fast so I need to cope
Si c te mw nou ta dim isi a tounen Instagram
I promise myself rn that paint more
shut uppppp ur the cutest and one of the best mutuals i have
Time heals
We stopped playing defense
you literally stole my man but okay because you look good
Hungry with no food
LOOK AT YOONGI
Sucks that you don't wanna try again
i just wanted to do a tik tok with her
chanel is a goddess and i pray she completes the mutual she broke amen
idk it's a secret
Another day another jibbit lost
so sick of white woman
I believe the first one actually existed
armstrong was brave to diss the daily mail yesterday they got a lil in their feelings ig
well you have 18 members (soon to be 21) hard to stay loyal
yeah i know we have to scare people but its just......... we can do better than ****
Want Janice to go through, but this vocal isn't great
Louis looks sad pissed
Me too. Probably will be awhile before I can play it though.
the only ones on this app who would suck his dick. we already knew.
i swear all tried to take pics in the wing mirror but it never comes out like this..
so adorable
I high key need some posole
try again next year
man be giving everyone their lives
I think he does not realise at all!
sorry I missed understood. But yes I agree with that whole heartily as well. really sad that a lot of people
m.i.a really has some amazing music
Chao
It is one big mess really...
Too good to be true
it used to be the wild west bruh
We had Russell Wilson but we drafted a punter over him
the best debut song ever came on
Look what done
Rooh
complete the mutual king
so sick of white women
No lie is here ugly admit it
any of my editor oomfies wanna make me a christian yelich edit pretty please
my wife is our sons number one supporter
done here. Bears down
How is weekend over already... not ready for work
Au revoir Tunis ! A la prochaine fois inshallah....
Demain je pars
Good night twitter gays, early night as have a cold
Thank god
we live in a society
This is what I'm discussing with my wife. Redundancy is the mother of it all.
Bears are so fucking trash
Sad situation
I CAN'T I NAPPED EARLIER
Paige ur wife started the idea
vmin doesn't have anything on us
yeah it sucks that all we had to was be born here
Its cause of my
Fellas... is it gay to beleaguer? Because you're vexing, harass, or beset.
stop lying to yourself
I agree! Wish was still in it!
the 3 stars useful at all
Just tryna be like you bro
i just saw a really cute girl rn ;-; im never gonna see her again
Hey Paul you promised us a video.
i hope fallingforyou is on the setlist this tour so i can redeem my last DONT WANNA BE YOUR FRIEND!! I WANNA KISS YOUR video
I know santo still visited tho
who hurt you, baby??
this is the nicki effect
Carson Wentz picked off by Eric Reid. The play is being reviewed. The call on the field is interception.
My favorite pics of Yoongi [A Thread] because I miss him
Never playing hung over again
yeah and it sucks that all we had to do was be born here
she has no braincells
I really need some cuddles after this or a huge bowl of ice cream would work aswell. This sadness is back and
my dav*d-inspired mind is showing credit to for this astounding editorial
Me to, and Allan. They just look so down trodden
need my dick sucked
I am my brand do come for me focus on the person u made a whole acc for
i want to date him and be corny and go to art exhibits
ong we bully her her grandma has demetria
I think so
got the main lead to be a white lady but the folk tale is originally from Mexico
Well I mean you were able to, you can watch it ? My cable show it. I only have NFL red zone
Only in my dreams
fuck off
Luh
How about indefinitely
My stomach is in knots ... death really come in
He's a Tory. He'll go far.
gowon is orbits weakness
a page out the offensive playbook.
You were serious done
if beatriz told me to jump off a cliff i would cos i'm wh^pped
I was joking ma'am pl don't cancel me please ma'am
Oh nah you look like a nutsack boy
pk all of a sudden tu tweet comme une en sang
come back from the dead
When you wake up from a nap and all of your roommates are gone
FAX BRO
I just want to cuddle
i think i should suck it up and commission somebody else to do hazy's new ref sheet because stuff like that really isnt my forte
no matter what I do or how much stuff I gotta do, that feeling of sadness and heartache is always there and I seem to escape it
Wish him a quick strong recovery
Seems everything is falling apart... again this month has seriously been bad for me. I apologise for the lack
we must fix
cant decide whos more beautiful... him or the view
when will I have someone saying me goodnight back , goodnight thank to shinee skz and a lot of my mutuals for helping me
Damn listening to all this trap music from 2010 really brings me back
Only thing I hate about life, mfs show u the love you deserve until you die
i want to make a harry edit w this audio so bad
FFSSSSSSSS why I can't attack you I am-
You really are inmune
hard when a kid is involved .. Shit scares me a little I front
the bears at least made one half against the patriots exciting...if Mitch had accuracy this game would of been
that hurted
ur right
if miss zahra were pocket sized i was going to carry her in my pocket forever
6 months.
I have a crush on you but I stay in Houston dm me
update: i put on a long sleeve tshirt and still freezing maybe resort back to a hoodie
Even if got 2nd place got passed It was never meant to be today
Sorry no more skinny boys for me
WOW I MISS YOU
so sorry going thru this Julie thinking of you
First skin care now this? Stop clocking me
No wonder I'm jobless
Tulog na akong friends. Dili pud nako gusto istorbohon si other friend kay busy og study.
Storya ta.
Chill Alex both gotta chill
no he saw my tweets clowning his fire era hair
can't even pick a favorite track on new album, they're all so genius can't wait to see ya live a third time!!
Frustrated by the Mercedes strategy
My teams suck
yeah that one
My boss is leaving for a different shift she was pretty cool
Breaking my heart, Bears.
If only Eric Reid practiced catching INTs as much as kneeling...
JDODKSJSJ IMAGINE THE DISAPPOINTMENT ON ARMY TWT like we love u but plz let it be a real announcement
i had to do it bc ur such a slow replier on sc
so many cute people in the world what am i to do
Why do pain hurt so much
how old are you? Have a nice day omg im scared to tell oomfs will unfollow me i can sense it
are you confessing or singing but i love you so much more
Yes, but for only a day and a half
okay im too young to vote as well
I like to boss her around and tease her pls been so busy
The weather has not been great here
Bwoha ! Great Job Kimi !
WAIT fave oomf is suspended? was about to spam their dms about my love for neonpunch
Hoseok and taehyung scrolling past all the comments about vhope and choosing vope just proves just as chaotic as their shippers
ur just actually funny sorry u make me laugh
soft, ily
Patrick didn't like this tweet
This is the tweet. The one I end this mutual with
yes please
fuck off
*remember o gosh, this is happening when you have multilingual keyboard with autocorrection in 4 languages...
Sad day when all my main celeb crushes are engaged or married
I date Pedi men, they are too much
Ikrr
Too bad I take screenshots
I had a good laugh...
Im so
Unmotivated
pretty not nice tassqu
Annnd, the soft-ass defense kicking in
they're already in my to stan list
I could never imagine losing someone like that
too cold to go walking alone for community day
I wish my mom would be this excited when seeing my boys in tv
Just told my Mrs it was on and she got all excited, checked Comedy Central for me to then realise 8 hours too late
I wanna do scary videos with you as well but in England
I remember all the lies, all the nights you made me cry
missing jungoo hours open
I'll never be able to look at Grease in the same way again though.
we live in a society without access to free healthcare
To bem triste
Because you seem to know about a lot of skincare products and where to buy them and my face is in shambles
but alas a bitch needs cash
Me rn tbh
Everyone but me knew it
Encore un week-end qui est trop vite
okay they can miss me
i guess I will never meet Shawn. How sad for him
it's been too long
I still aint found a date for Wednesday and Im starting to feel real pitiful.
I really want to meet you
really wishing i had a boyfriend this fall so we could do spooky couple things and have spooky sex and whatnot
Happy for Kimi & for Max -Gutted for Lewis , great race tho.... on to the next
sad because when mono is released, be in class
he need state farm agent cliff paul after that
SIS doing me dirty smh
i may not stan Jake Paul but now i understand Jake Paul
Just came back from a war zone on that NB post so many xenophobes but you know I had to do it to em... not just
Ignore, hurt, attack and insut Katy during this era was the greatest offense to her legacy.
so noone is doing and edit of taeyong with tattoos? well okay then seems like i gotta do everything myself again
And they lost
i feel old this was really in year 8 and now in university what the hell !!!!!!
maybe change my mind and delete in a few hours
also a reminder that twitter is a b*tch and not showing part of likes so reply is more than welcome
I miss SF LMAO
I want to hurt your feelings dawg.
All women want is sex and disgusting
Kippie is mos too good for the ouens
it will remain a mystery
Crllll thataaa! creio
HILLARY wyd here tag him on your own so he can see how pretty u are
r we sure the heil hitler shit a joke
the truth hurts bb
i really disappointed my teacher with my assignment it's feeling-like-a-mess hours
Thank you
I was so ready to post this everyday to scare Madrid fans now the king is injured
Thank you
now i have to play my music out loud and not listen to anything embarrassing
Shit why tell me we starting a cult
I miss when the Oakland Athletics were playing major league baseball
I miss Bangtan x Got7 interactions
-
aye he is the one and only our saviour jesus christ
Stopp this made me cry too precious
Donghun being a vocal coach for middle schoolers
I was genuinely hoping you were gonna show last night
My Nan had dementia. Was very sad watching her deteriorate
i wanna redo my room up so badly but 1. i have no money 2. moving down to my brothers room next year Ugh plz
Sigh Till next weekend then
Too personal.. Thanks
This makes me miss our cabin 100X more this time of year
Cuz my family forced me to make tamales all day yesterday
WHO CAN DO ME A FAVOR AND CUT THIS MUSIC FOR ME
42. i have a biboml (like from diddl does anyone know that) stuffed animal she's old but <3 and i have a nick
wow hurt ima remember that
the patient was all of us
Need a right good fucking cuddle been single is shit
Bro trubisky bruh letting me down this whole second half we are supposed to be 5-1 or 6-0 like cmon guys
okay but can we please have the same energy for namanana too?
ppl out here being able to go a day without drinking slurp juice i cannot relate
Yep that my only opinion for me to have which not my ideals but oh well
24fucking7 man smh praying for better positive days
sold out though
Fuck Idk what to say
i want to go viral
ur newest moot tries his hand at connecting w his moots
And then soccer said no
sorry for hating. I love you
Hi I don't think anyone will see this but talk 2 me pls
How do kids today not know National Anthem?
the moment was ruined
Thankuu I hope so too anyhow take care ok! Love yaaa rodaaaa and i havent watch traince yet
My mental health has been SO much better over the last couple of weeks but tonight I feel awful again out of nowhere why does this happen
j have that problem with a mutual too
Thank you! Do it! I wanted to animate mine but ran out of time
Very. I hate the thought that he's scared and hungry and wanting to be with his family.... Torture for his family
Brother nature
When I first heard that people said Shooky is ugly I was so confused. like the cutest lil bun
High fever!
this is identity theft
Seeing people with their pets makes me sad and happy at the same time
i was gonna steal this but you need to grow your acc again
yeah but you were the only one talking to me i need more attention
there's so much bts merch i'm tempted to buy but money doesn't grow on trees
I think you can
See i was gonna say orange, but disrespectful to oranges
Can relate
must be annoyed with himself
Why is it always to
Why is it never
ok i understand
I've eaten so much this weekend
Trubisky is garbage fam
im so sorry i left the gc i hope we can still be friends WHICH GC I HAVE LIKE 20 GCSHSJ
Could Be Defined Out of Existence Under Trump Administration - The New York Times
so sorry for your loss.
every promise don't workout that way
Sorry for being so quiet today...
What just happened
That is just disappointing
Got mine Friday. Not feeling so well today.
this guy at work slammed the trays on the sauce cart really loud to purposely scare me why are these bitches out to get me
when the sun saw him it was like.. my job here is over. carry on my legacy for me
Just want to be loved hugged kissed comforted and my tears wiped at the right time is that too much to ask
Louis attaccs and proteccs
Thanks ugh stop idk why I do history
Damn that sucks!
HOW ARE YOU UP 17-0 THE FIRST 3 QUARTERS AND LOSE?!
Damn missing Taehyung hours
Much needed
Guess it is irrelevant.. we effed up .. had our running back open on 3rd down and Carson throws in double coverage
future sugar daddy, please daddy i would look so good for you
I miss my friends and my bf and my cat
Sadly missed, that gaff.
i did but the question is for how long
damn am i really that fuckinf ugly im deactivating
reaction says it all, such an amazimg guy who genuinely cares about his acts
i have a headache now
no food in the fridge but cerveza
The Eagles are so trash what happened
2%
I feel so bad every time I leave my mom to go back to uni
.
-
Life Is Not suitable For Life
-
Cam is literally my only friend, I miss her sm when she home ugh
cancelled
Yes I agree, COM served it's time, but this will not happen all at once
Alex hasnt posted a selfie or been on twitter lately.. Shes too busy being an adult
rather be at the one tree hill convention. Just sayin.
armstrong did not. deserve to be sent home. i dont even know how to process this y'all. HE WAS ONE OF THE BEST
a star is born bagusss.. aja tp feel nya dapet!
Outlaws For Life.
ugh I wish
Why did this weekend go so quickly
i went to sephora for a new brow wiz.............. and came back with a highlighting palette, a cream contour stick, and a new primer
The eagles suck and the wizards suck what a week
i wanna go 2 the state fair
Hang in there
Sorry b
Yumeno Gentaro will give me strength for today's work shift
Another depressing week coming at ya
i sat there and ate my tail
An excellent example of how to completely throw a game away by the tonight
i honestly feel so bad for comparing a pumpkin to him
okay mommy
jokes on both of us now loser
4. NONE i used to have my ears pierced like 10 years ago tho
5. shoujo manga and yuta because yutas my shoujo manga bf
6. its in my carrd
my dad was starring at me & when i said what he said so
I thought we had something special, is it now we're getting divorced
WH pretzels are nasty i agree but the churro sugars on a pretzel
so im tryna give u all my love
Barry get ready to inject it...
Real friends are rare these days
Subhanallah. Sorry for your lost. This is really sad
Your ex will leave you bad about you act like they never knew you then start missing you hit you
Thank you, Tommy. been an Eagles fan for waaay too long for that. Smh. What a day.
hope you are okay John
At least you can have food delivered, where I live we have a pizza delivery service
Unfortunately I afford it
so brave thankyou for sharing your story
bow im heated
I know
Alexa Play worry be happy
It it so hard tryna get back right , when you got no help
TY TO NAJSLODSZA JESTES dziekuje jula
happy I have to watch that 4th quarter meltdown
negative energy is so toxic
528K 1.6M
You were going too on Wednesday
We understand your frustrations Nate, it's a trackside issue that keeps rearing its ugly head
reaction says it all, such an amazing guy who genuinely cares about his acts
Up 17 in the 4th and lost
OH SKSKS WELL IDK U CAME UP W IT IM@P SURE IT WAS A TYPO THAT U HAD
I'm offended mayhaps I should unfollow
I just want some cuddles.
I hate to say it but put Foles back in
Today has been tough
If Elliot actually got that field goal we might have won
Busy weekend but not feeling too well today.
I've been here for seven years please get off my lawn
crackhead
believe the cry is over tonight... gonna miss you so much joanna
can someone tell that redskins are gonna lose plz
LMAOOOOOOO. I know
Me too. Yani it's very sad
hello tutorial is such a good song
I know he got me muted sigh
Tyler the creator video
my wifi working so i be active but not like i was even that active before
the are a disappointment.
inzayn liked it at least
That time of the weekend again
which one of my 2 friends gonna make me a spooky basket bruh
I enjoy being single.
But it gets quite lonely sometimes.
Guess my friends said fuck Angy bc ain't nobody text me back
the mood
ITS FOR A PHONE CASE PLS
i was just stating the truth
No, I'm not. I just asking the truth.
My Friends Tell Me Take Shit Serious & I Just Be Like Dam I
the guy who i sat next to during the doc just cut
It hurts real bad when you realize someone is trying to cut you out their life.
Sometimes i just want pg tips kinda tea and not this shai samooty bel girfa wal habahan
can someone pls tell this man to not talk to me until after the redskins win this game rn
Ok but i miss J-Sol rn
Rip peaches
but they need dm you babe
| Louis hugging Armstrong after Armstrong was voted to be sent home
im trying to be funny
I wanna snap my phone in half and start over
I thought my skin was clearing out but it turns out I was dehydrated and my cold meds shut down my body
what should I b for Halloween
i miss reading evak fics
Justo me pongo a verlo y los Pats anotan
Mejor veo Harry Potter.
the rose spammed
at least he noticed me
ugh thanks
Me after watching the eagles game
I feel ya. I'm coming in from Canada and sometimes the whole thing feels overwhelming.
where been this whole time
u know how bad my shopping problem is i cant go a week without spending so much on clothes
Sigh
Aah no that's to bad
I want to stan myself
thinking about how nagai kei invented being a chaotic neutral and we love him for that
What happened? I've been waiting for this for so long
only way to get better is to play and train more
It was nice having the Vibes on while it lasted! So long Ola, you will be missed!
editing is hard
rest in peace
Damn on Sunday when they defend themselves
Me too
~sends hate~ but you didnt
Big rip. Back to 1080 for a while
we need a haul video please
I know x
devastated that you make it through, so so sorry
Black queens are always robbed
Haha there was actually! I didn't snap a pic though
More babe
i seen a lady bug in a very long time
now I notice my dyslexia, sorry
any muties good at quadratic relations
Domingo de bobeira aqui
come back home to me superior era
I became a fan two weeks before the super bowl but I knew the good luck last
ok
Oh man. Looks like Rhodes is really hurt
...That was a travesty! Hope & wife always gonna back each
monthly cramps
believe the Bills would blue ball me like that
Why EVERYONE freaking out about this.. we can change stuff still
too young, too dumb to realize... That I should have bought you flowers and held your hand
Fuuuck that look good Rhodes
Hate being stuck between a rock and a hard place
Olsun
The Eagles are so disappointing this year what happened to the team from last year?
When this happens I block the guy. I guess this explains why not married
the texture was nasty idk weird with texture & food
Blocked
Ratcliffe takes a penalty and we're back on the PK again
hes seen too much to care
Damn it, king
im tired life, im tired.. dont come on me please
The whole club was lookin at her
still love you man
i aint seen you round Bricker in a minute
NOT. SURPRISED
I'm such a big flirt
Been down my whole life
it smells like chitterlings in this bus
Did you agree with our Judges? is headed home... here's a look at his final performance
Oh well
Please look at my art instead better
nO have u seen me without a heavy filter
dont start a war ahead of and cb
i miss you so much
yes
KKKKKKKKKKKK
vou tentar assistir por
well i am blessed you guys come in a pair
I'm a feminist but one of my favourite love songs is from Boyzone
Lol I'm sorry I'm so ignorant
The worst part about that loss is that it was at home
Wow my been dry since May
I misssssss !
I really just bought tour pcs I am up their ass
Welp, official! lost in every color jersey top!
uhm since every1 is doing this lemme join let this flop
Our boy got hurt Kwon night have tore his ACL
Not when you're an Eagles fan
Olsun TylerEnnis
can u PLS post ur icon
Getting played out for telling the truth
yeah and you eat food and thats disgusting to them
I just remembered the scanning they did at the Apollo at show and now nervous
Feeling a bit down today. Save me Meme Lords & Meme Queens!
if only she was way shorter than it will be perfect
Adult life
yeup[
telling me not to do something is like telling me to do that excact thing
it's a habit
I've already been to sleep though so I won't be able to get back to sleep early enough
hhh i should switch to running ngl
lad you done so well, well miss ya!! All the best wishes for the future!! xx
this comeback is really gon make me triple bias in exo
Major is such a loose term in this camp
And I dropped mayfield
and ok I am too
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
I really want a mon.g keychain
Carson wentz just folded so badly
THIS IS NOT FAIR AT ALL
cry alone
Sheesh ur not wrong..
THIS IS NOT FAIR AT ALL
We needed a win today
omG STOP DOING THAT TO YOONGI
Sorry it's seasonal tat
& Holding All That In Afterwhile It Turns Into A Burden & Its Slowly Eating You Up On The Inside
I was waiting for that body suit to pop open
Realmente!
i want it but i don't wanna wait two months for it
Honestly, mine is barely making enough to make bills every week even after 50+ hours.
I hope he will get well asap but on the other hand we need no:1 position immediately.
I burn holes in all my clothes like a note
it's nothing new just my wife bullying me smh
Afff
worse than waiting for updates about your family and this flood situation bai
ElRufai we just want peace
Gotta love WGR naming the play of the game the last 2 weeks a Bills turnover
omg what that's so lucky pls send some luck to me
oi gente flopa
i expected better
lad you done so well, miss ya!! All the best wishes for the future!! xx
chingus so close to bingeing someone punch me in the throat
i haven't had the chance to try yet
In good and in bad we are with you
Crying bc I can't smoke for a hot minute
such a baby when ill, i just want cuddles
yeah it tickled and i was curious
so mad that we left town this weekend or we woulda came to say hi. We fly back home until tomorrow
the point now
if i stanned loona maybe temple would give me a full ride
Just awful
Excuse me you are my fav
Zinn you literally own my entire heart
I barely shut up about him
even my favorite student athletes treat me well
im offended that u would abandon our relationship
I really wanna be in a bts group chat but noticing all the crackhead ones get full fast
Remember hearing this on the radio...
...awful
Why my hair be longer
I love namjoon and hate SCHOOL
exactly i no dumbass!!
se ele for eleito eu avisei e se ele for profetizei
they wreck me with no mercy
How hard is it to find a man to have weekly seances and eat candles with
audition for in
me, sobbing: t- tea flew , the w- wig jumped out
You poor deprived child...the baked pie of today is a sad version of the fried one.
sorry to hear that are things looking up?
up with the previous owner?
Yikes it ain't that deep
He wants to be happy just not with me and I feel that shit
Realised it alright, but accepting it is something else
Eya for the duration of this year ANDIZI. I'd rather continue going broke
Is this for clowning him about his foot fetish but then going on about how pretty his feet are
the things i would do to witness these men do high knees
This shattered my heart
what are you talkign about you know i love you more than anything better not be joking or else
4am thoughts while raining is not okay.
We going through it
Flu sucks and so does fever.
i'm so desperate for Sunwoo's photocards
brother nature disease
Saw this discussion earlier in the week
Hardest pill to swallow: SHUT THE FUCK UP YALL SO ANNOYING WITH THAT SHIT
that time of day again where all I think about is wanting to cuddle kook
me trying to talk about buckynat and rhodeytony
I keep going on fortnite when I should be doing my hw
i thought i have school tomorrow ... but i do
I was thinking about my labour membership today too
the baby pouts
So gutted for Totally deserved better!
I support your everything
Yes i would do a pic like this but the quality is too bad unfortunatly
Brother Nature Is A Milkshake Duck...
i overlooked the time
You took one for the team, it was time well spent
Damn sucks it had to be you
never saw a titty in my life
If I could turn back the clock , make sure the light defeated the dark and spend every hour of every day keeping you safe
I keep learning this lesson and tiring and painful, but I make the same mistakes because a sucker for
bitch ik i have any friends
Why does everyone make fun of me for saying For sure, not in the south anymore
i already got mine you should follow me
Wait what hope you are doing well
Omg no way did you see us! Where abouts was that? So gutted we missed you!
I said the same thing.
should i post the selfie that i took
he can't be this talented AND cute at the same time
i cant see the tweet
*when the lean man say he got 4 for you then when you ready to pull up , he say gone
if i get enough of course take u
what do you mean the resemblance is uncanny except Madelaine Petsch is less hotter
everybody is just calling us out today, including ourselves
I was gonna think u were chill cause of carti but u like Nicki
Spent the afternoon listening to Queen and man, I wish we lived in a world where Freddie was still alive
in the mood to draw but i have a project due today
At an awesome sports bar but why are they blasting pop hits at 4 oclock on a Sunday
yesssss vietnamese / danish and a kpop stan? ugh. soulmate potential
i was dragged on twitter
I don't love the choreo Kasper did a good job with GMAC but not this one
Great, water in the basement
I was gonna do it yesterday but we had ppl over
Now I have to wait three weeks until PROGRESS
we met a year ago & are meeting in 19 days very sad pls follow me
My city was on the list
idk what you're saying but i'm not changing my mind
the disaster lesbian jumped out again
Me for the past four days.
Sigh
Can i have a better and real relationship with someone?
I felt for him like shit This been me before
Glad you decided to participate for a good cause just place your dollar right in my pocket
ikr. brother nature been ruined
blackpink cant relate Im-
I'm actually still upset about it. I can imagine how Roisin feels.
Wowz and that corner have a biiiig stink holethat probably 10x bigger now hope you good sis
Need to sleep shit
christmas is in a few months and here's my art supplies wish list
Ben sana gitme dedim
it really be like that.
That they even remember
why xxxtentacion suspended but i am
HHHIDK YET but i really like heart attack short hair and melting love
Just beyond belief
Cnt person play with you again
why are u tweeting about it so late that was a whole 24 hrs ago
a continent
What a shitty start to the week
Triste
.@inZAYN It would be really nice to receive a gift from zayn since yall don't ship zayns merch to my country
unknee exposed us omo
they are going to give this away
Podium booing is not cool.
Doesn't matter if it's or or anywhere else.
i get to try the chicken
worst thing I could have seen on a Sunday night alright for some! Enjoy xx
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh got a boyfriend i bet he kiss ya
rest in pepperoni
do this
That is fake actually
I relate to this too much rn
Eagles blew that big lead and still had a chance to win and choked
I was scrolling through my gallery this is bad I fell in love again
Why it just rain again
Watching a film on freeview while sitting through the adverts when you realise you could just watch it on Netflix!
i was just thinking about this
Wanted to make a dark joke so bad here.
it really do be like that sometimes huh
My anti semetic nature gets the best of me sometimes
two stormcallers
but probably make it when done with my first AU
Can I just meet someone who listens to taking back Sunday already
You lying
It works but won't hit
julian blackthorn
Just once in my life can I be lucky?
Iknow
Si alguien le interesa...
the last point is a scientific fact
That st*nks tho
exposing me
why would you even say no
i still think about you, sr_planetarium
Before and after find a poll, our minds
Wow...well at least all there to film it and post on social media
how can u disrespect blue like that
it is okay, life happens, we will accept things as they are even if it hurts, i am with you
Sorry for your loss
i miss
Still embarrassing to though
Oh good, yet another weekday ex raid that I be able to do because at work
Damn wow mjko tou tofee khane ki b tamez ni th tb
me: aw sad
aw up xoxoxoxox
me: matter fine
no tell me xoxoxo
me: types
The idea is in the app not the people
I stop loveing you
I hate swing mood
christmas is in a few months and here's my art supplies wishlist
I'd never make fun of anyone's feelings
i say this atleast once a day
Catch feeli gs
i had to do it fellas im sorry
Just traded the dude....
leave
he said a mean thing
still on the charts
Wow thought I had a fire Hitler tweet but just football tweets
Damn not you king of all people?
Torrey Smith i apologize. But fulfilled your destiny for the season. Time to give snaps to the kids
made my baby angry and sad. they deserve him
This very sad and not good move... Sit on your ass with Russia and negotiate
How dare you insinuate his friends know better how he feels about these things than we do smh fake elf
Me and corie are no longer friends she plays PlayStation knowing Xbox is way better oh well
I know they're so much sweeter! I prefer sweeties. But they never come up to me and I don't always want to go up to them.
dragon!rene is bad tho in the manga
I'm slow...
Ah no way maybe ring the arena tomorrow morning and double check. Why would they not though??
Definitely craving phatz rn
Lade even a natural left back
Archi dommage
I- he- ... beautiful
gemini hoes winssss thats why we would make a great couple
Browns choke again
20) japan would be super cool
they truly just want our money
Guys, I miss There I said it
This is so sad... press F to pay respects
and she was SO CLOSE to killing off her daughter
okay i'm going to sleep now i'm kinda anxious i hope nothing drops at 10am or 12am kst,, m i love exo
Never got to see this show I hope I get to see it one day cause the soundtrack is awesome!!
Should be but
reply if u want me to turn ur notifs on
Check your direct message
Giovanna
s-stop being so mean
46: Go-to comfort food: chips and chocolate
I cut my fingernails earlier. I just realized that I forgot one. How? I don't know
do it coward
like Used to be Papa - Papa John
I take it it's not getting better over there sorry but hey... you could always
AAAA YO NO LE DI FAV YO NO QUIERO QUE TE MATES
I think i will play. It again
This is really not how I wanted today to go
Same... I am trying to tell myself I'll be happy with anything, but don't believe myself
Yesss I
cute but no blue
A tremendous mistake or ??
i still want nipple piercings but i dont wanna permanantly fuck them up or anything
I liked numbness and red nose but i can't wait yoochan to come back from usb
the bears ripping my heart out
i im getting this bread later today and have my tablet and pen
Paul Hollywood just walked passed me but I get a handshake because I done a top, top bake
Why is life so cruel
Well this is how I feel to
im sorry
word
maybe u just have to give up on furry twt
omg sorry wrong person
This seems like a perfect family except we don't know who our other parent is, guess momo is a single mom what
36 points, with just Vardy to play
thank u hypmic fan artists for providing me the sweaty ichiro content official art never gave me
hopefully sm didn't hire him for a cameo appearance
Not at all is a proven statement
i-it came up... i miss bangtan so much ugh
good luck on your next move Danni. Sad to see you leave
Anytime I hear Willie Bounce or watch the Sesame Street video I get so emotional
I am so sorry for your loss
Only 24 pages in and already feeling heartbroken
Oh, no, Milk! so so sorry for your loss!
I worry over everything
it was fun while it lasted
ok this was me last friday
are we meant for each other or
I swear
disrespect blue like that
so tired. how is this real life?
omg wow my heart may have skipped 6272 beats
(also fyi: i would 100% say yes)
Oh thank goodness
no it's fine man
What can I do to make it up to Dan for pulling the bow on his hoodie? Asking for myself
Headaches
Can't watch none of sports talk shows with this below 500 team
Pay my fees
oomf scares me
Rest easy
i'm such a thot once i'm drunk i hardcore flirted with like 3 guys that night
thinking about how long it took me to realize how bad my brows were looking and none of my friends said ANYTHING? fakes are all around me
but I am steph
apparently IG is where you send your audition tape for american idol now ..
You need stuff?
the shmoney worth it, I cried in the back room today cause customers were yelling at me
rudi is gonna beat me up bc GAY confirmed
my pumpkin supposed to be funny pls this is bullying
this necessary he mean it in a negative way
sucks, I was gonna make some homemade subways and cookies
can ethan tweet something i miss him
time to retire from nfl football and give our back to Christ
queen
[gives you a smooch] okay i will
These uni landlords are such scammers. I just want my deposit back
Welp. I see the bros.
Just fall in love w. Your layout this my best one yet
I have a midterm tomorrow
yall better post my tweets
right
I Fucking hate and love the jets so much
Get well soon.
Amazing, I play for a moment with ARMY and immediately they get angry
I was playing with the hashtag, sorry but no is necessary angry...
You where my fave friend, now you're just another gal
Yuss
It was my dream to find the girl I met at Alison. And now I go
damn can't trust nobody anymore
Omfg you are my babe and my babe only. I freaking love you!, wana fight even tho you're scared yourself oof
Agree.
A little background: when we adopted Pearl her nips were swollen so pretty sure she had just given birth not too long before
ivebeen giggling for the past three minutes ISHSOSISOSISO
the amount of times had gbk this week when will the p&s stop
i dare you to edit me and daniel make me cry
We deserve Higher by Rihianna
but my bed is so comfy rn
FeelsBadMan
Nothing because I go to church
Maybe bangtan just want to make sure we know the alphabet
uR sUcH a LiTtLe bItCh laly
The night is still young Sis. Jehovah Zakar will not let me down
im sister single as well...
I thought it but not gonna say it
There's just something so depressing about going back to work after my 3 days in Paris
Come on bruh how do we blow a 17 point lead in the 4th quarter come on
i cant argue w that face
This made me cry. They were just having a good time dancing and BOOM! Lives changed forever
this is for me so vote
Again you guys, too many pretty people I am worried
My mic broke
I have the energy to get ready
again w the white vans
I just wanna b where I wanna b
watching 5 of fancams
...
this world is a crazy and dangerous place
Jimin, please give me something even a smoke signal will suffice
I like this..
!!! here for today bc in a GOOD mood heh,,, I missed u mode even tho always arguing on priv
I just wanna chill & tell you all my problems
omg why
The bear looked so genuinely sad, wow
I emailed them too 5 days ago and still no feedback from them yet
wish me and my friends were this fly
Ama can evimden vurdun
you stop putting that vase everywhere
so hard being a once-l these days
whatever idc anymore all of this is just smut lmfaoo
he upsets me flirting with georgia
Thanks Calum. We all know it happens but so much harder to accept when your a child
these gas prices need to chill
Sad but true
follow me please
Triste e querendo sushi
Lmao but really
Omg the one here is sold out too but they may not get restocked because closing it
there any
Apparently the reason I'm always low on petrol is that I'm forever ko Bloemanda... and I'm currently considering driving there
Apparently not
My poor baby
26. i've never been to a concert
27. i read 5 pages of crazy rich asians
28. anything but mint chocolate chip i
I stan you back
they just shit
Who's tryna go on picnic with me?
I HAD TO
And yes it will get worSE AND I'M SORRY FOR THAT
I liked a video Just Some Karl Memes...
oof soz boo, cant hear you all the way over here in first class ;) x
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
Totally pathetic the lot of them
I wish I could get a Popeye's bonafide 5 dollar box right now
like this if i can dm you i want friends
it is accept the truth
my cramps have crippled me yet again.
How's your Sunday going?
Yeah what looking for sadly
I want to go home
pocs..we're losing this war we need a white person to do something QUICKLY
l-love you
The world makes me so sad
okay right the vocals are something else
his FITS
so scared for the trans in the US this world is crazy..
i just wanna know who.... why r u being like this emily i thought we were friends
when i was a young boy, my father took me into the city
Rule get attached to anyone break your heart
stolen from mads
no one will do this. but im watching deadpool and ill come back to this
Shameful behaviour
i mean i got a few weeks left but still im not patient
I want some salmon, mashed potatoes and asparagus
i dont want to go to school
they wanted to do manable adjustment surgery on my son too high risk! he said i gonna do that mom
Just when I was beginning to think Kaduna state has outgrown religious violence.
Heavy heart.
So sad
The
really out here like
february 30th
I've been shooting shots, I even need more bullets right now
sigh I love yixing so much
Why... Not?!!!
at least suga have to sit on other members laps to get attention
can zayn follow me soon
soft stfu
Not ready for these braces
tom has money but he chooses to spoil her instead of getting a new phone, his mind
Why do you wanna know who i am i just want to date HOW AM I GOINGTO DO THAT IF IDK WHO UARS
Has a clean arse week then goes and eats half a pack of biscuits
we dm limit again
No tengo internet
11 likes apparently my mutuals like ults more than they like mine
finally happening
stay pressed sis
dont fite me but i kinda like
love u
i need more songs i know the lyrics already, even the interlude
At least last year was fun
bet be in the Halloween section
Evil bitch
Not eligible
that must have been so hard
Every news outlet that presents politics like a wrestling match is part of the problem
stop being so mf cute so gorgeous babe omg
'THE GREYJYSOYO USE THEM' OOOOHMYAN SCREAMS i love seeing BTS GoT AUs
omar and ander so cute
feel so drained, we need this at this moment in time or rather in this season we in
believe I missed out this year
how do u become closer w mutuals
No they both love him and they have beautiful threesomes. The WiFi just like annoying shippers
Wow. Now censorship.
I saw the L we took
........ you right
clipped for Brother Nature
Can't believe the king is retired
oh miss canela
Vick and Graziano were A LOT better than Lauren and AJ,
We love a confused adorable bean
Just breathe Mercedes... start crying at work
You read the comments under???? People dont even know its art.
Sorry mom
back to the drawing board
If only your dope ass was playing too you're one of the best in the game rn
sorry to hear that
Woot woot! Sorry about the Brewers. Me and the folks at the bar had to drink our sorrows away.
volviera Fox Kids
Too sad
Same
rip us
This is a rough look with your background
THE HANGER DNDKSLF my dad would hit the bottom of my feet with it
at least be safe in the fallout
should i cut my hair my mom wants me to so bad but i just.. i dont KNOW
Catanzaro you idiot
My ovaries
Just when I was beginning to think Kaduna state has outgrown religious violence.
Heavy heart.
So sad
The
Bakit ang smooth. Susme.
I promise I'm trying my best, it's just v hard today
That sucks man, sorry to hear that
I did the same shit but last second i switched it but also had marlon mack on my bench
Why do grandparents have to get so fragile and poorly
bitch debussy deserves so much better a musical genius
Everything.
Unfortunately the stream today failed to many issues the kept arising....hope to get everything worked out as
whoever keeps putting that johnny person on my tl .....thank you
doing this rn
Same here
also a libra flaw
buzy in a call brother
My mom's call actually woke me up
me too
wow im deadass about to have coffee without sugar
i wanted to get the yao bikuni skin from this event but doesnt look like i'll be able to.. i dont have time to play 24/7
y all my drawinf actually looks good for once
When you use your hands to spoil what you have built for few years. Very
My papa was doing better but now they get his heart rate stable
broccoli. i forgot to buy broccoli today
mark hanretty commentating skate america... first skater hasnt even started and i already lost 3000 brain cells
I have no interest in anything this guy is saying.
Why did i get to know you
These ppl mess up my order
then in qt
it was 2014 you know better
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh got a boyfriend i bet he
missing my bff tonight a real bday w/o her
So the last season I watch was like season 10 where the hell can I watch all the other seasons in the
Wrapping up a paper is much harder than starting it
just wanna live in a cute ass apartment/house with all of my fave oomfies
disgusting
Now calmed down a bit can I have a small moment to feel sad about Danny Rics race
Actually needed cuddles today
glad doing so well. Would have probably wasted some talent here honestly
I am overly obsessed with my man. I look at pics of us over and over and over when I miss him . Them videos
a year ago I saw this live
KNOWN HIM FOR THREE EPISODES AND ALREADY IN LOVE
na he clapped as hell but i still love him
10) everything except for those two things
I have crippling depression damn i forgot
about to pour it down the drain so nasty
yes, this tweet right here officer.
I thought this exactly, still happening today.
Maggot, we aint ever talk much
missing you hours
I Know but Ive always wanted to be on a big Youtubers channel
glad basketball season is here. This football season it
Titans really lost today because of a failed 2 pt conversion attempt
I'm so tirEd but it's 4pm and I have a bunch of history homework to do
nothing but facts
It be like that
Baby whats wrong
some guy i never talk to messaged me yesterday and said well ummm.... i kinda need them sorry
It means acquainted obviously
cute when my dad paying for it
IN THIS CASE YES
did you find out? tell me too
when bras do you justice
pooj keeping him company in the corner
That's how fast I get bored I'm sorry
sensing negative energy in this thread. Can we just take a breath. Tough loss for everything
I just wish my family would come
I knew he was too good to be true smh
i made this
ET VOILA..
Yeah I guess this is true they don't even know i exist
maybe i should make a side insta where i can be cool and stuff my current one is kind of lame
Disappointed.
I DID MY HISTORICAL GRAMMAR and im reading poe for my culture class drinking water cat is sleeping next to
My kiri pics flop bc idk how to paint eyebrows
I feel sad for Louis right now never doubt yourself. You're doing amazing as judge, you're
come get your kithes
know I already do
He may just not. Simply cos you used 'remember' instead of 'remind'
Zeus never even put me in his bio
Going to Live Original tour in Wilmington but I get to meet like I hoped for.
if gonna break the mutual at least soft block me, damn. got me out here faving and rting shit n we eem moots no more
13 reasons why fail psychiatry rotation. tape
What did i do to deserve this
My parents will never understand my love for meth
song i like from an artist no longer living. i grew up with linkin park
me too. I found a shiny 96% but it fled from me.
remember what we used to do w this
Sorry for ur loss
Definitely not
not sure if I love it or hate it
Fuck you
Three more to go
not at how sam saved everything i sent her but didn't say diddly squat to ease my nerves
ohmygod i didnt finish this but i think it got a bit heavy for me
with this plenty sun wey dey blaze we for Gh here we no fi use am power trafic light
who will take over my idol games when im gone
You see this really meant to be telling u
times are tough folk
Rough weekend for south Florida sports
i don't wanna message mutuals because I feel annoying
tbt when i used to hardcore stan masa what happened
football really is a game of inches
Ok... Is clear is not about talent but egos and alliances... Louis is alone
finally getting better at this
NOTED i do anything right man
I just wish I could go back to last year. Just me, David, and our dogs.
Oh that's depressing
I just wanna be back to feeling okay.
|| in an angsty mood,,
oh well
So much ugh.
my makeup was so good this day, too bad i suck now
A woman of 77 having to endure this awful behavior
The last play was the epitome of anticlimactic
i just met the cutest black cat ever. i wish i allergic
Some times I feel like I'm a nerd trying to run my own hybrid version of a TED talk on my Twitter.
cheol is really posting to remind me that he owns my ass huh
its on ao3, i only write essays
so proud of these horrs they rlly be at airports and shit.... $6 well spent
good times
we all be lucky
the Juan type joke smh waiting for it
I just need some Golden Chick , Rotel , BBQ Baked Potato , Whataburger , , somethin
OMG j'ai pris un mauvais ton?? I'm sorry my daughter
Dang that's tough bro
i just breathed
not het,,,, texas and kroolia are bi
This weekend was the last weekend for the state fair .
Been hurting all year
Must be nice to get a spooky basket
I would but my storage would be crying
nathalia tu me acaba
Have the biggest lump in my throat lately. I even describe it
illiterate cait has made a return
makes me sad to see my two best friends like that, I want to help them but I know how
i might as well start recording my apology video
SMAE i listen to mad all the time
only the afternoon
No be in Vegas
a bit sad, but westlife is always there for me, always , i love Westlife so much
Regardless im just so sad I wont be able to experience its release alongside everyone
Someone said I have wide hips and now I feel fat and ugly. Am I? Am I fat?
i retweeted it but u see close enough
I don't know either, coba kita tanya peta.
Please leave me something
ryann and maritza dropped me for some new fortnite friends who wants to be in my new fortnite clan
guess i have to go for the next enstage just for yuu & nagato... still salty but
I believe there are many 18 year olds out there that have been or will be in this same
I really want a boy bestfriend now
I just want to cry.
you in my prayers
My grandmother was racist
everytime cypher pt 4 comes on my hands gets numb
i cant vote either im not 18 yet
Welcome a la reality
ajakjaksj our "prop" was a piece of wood and tubes going up to look like a cage. it looked clapped af
Both my teams lost this weekend. fucking sad.
Bears game got me
Damn so close
Blue Sunday
dont let this flop
In conclusion is the only one who cares about me thanks sis
I BROMISE ILL DO SOME OVER WINTER BREAK ... Ive been slacking
When this is daily news
they even have my size but i guess a 9 will do
Is it like that so Harry was adviced by his PR to run around with flags on stage
The more he lies, the higher his approval rating
Hopefully you guys are now working hard on the 20Hz servers??? Love the game but 20Hz.... is just not cool
Apparently some ppl have one.
how are u the cutest person ever all you baby all you
I liked a video STOP HARASSING COKE STUDIO - Sana's Bucket
Throw it to Njoku in OT?
Silly Baker, Njoku can't catch
my brown eyes are just so pretty they look like sweet honey when sunny
He is waiting for that kiss
Was checkin up on Albert
when joon immediatly grabbed his waist... im soft
Next thing see is brother natures not racist video
i still believe newt died
i was naive
Why allyuh eh vote for the man
it feels like all my mutuals are leaving twitter i feel like pure shit
i so want to,, but irls will find me
Been there done that we had cat like him for 15 years
I want to cuddle him now. He must be so sad
you have to call me out like that
im jus fairy
It physically hurts me that we will probably never get to see resolution to these storylines that were set up
not down to put makeup on
same (i Lowkey miss being in a gc even though i leave)
I just want to go home
can i get an f in chat
s-stop
h round one (1) done my mom gave me a 10 minute break
Back to work in the a.m
You because I be the manipulative bitch that I am.
so behind on all my series bc of marching band championships is this week tho and been in state so far so praying we win
changing my nintendo account name to XxXthe_big_sadXxX now
another painful loss
I they gone
just have a bunch of slap d*cks on offense with a Rookie QB.
sorry
That bears game hurt
Lifetime ban necessary. Disgusting behaviour. It's 2018 smh
I miss north Cali sometimes.
i wish i was taller too
1 YARD
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
feel like i let louis down and i even vote because i live in italy
1 fucking yard. Being a bears fan is so
So close but yet, so far away.
Rest In Peace little man
Miss going to the bay and Oakland
Bad mood is coming
today? sis that vid has been out for god knows how long
I wish
Had a dream I was shopping with Rihanna and I woke up not w/ her??? Shocked and confused
Just never tweet such pictures at this time please everyone around me is sleeping are off
I really want to
i-i mean its better than nothing
So fucking close
...so much promise for this season and I am afraid they are unfortunately slowing down. give
he looks flat now
ty
noooo are you okay tho?
mr. jovan sir......can you tweet about adam43 too at least
I okay, I didn't really
I cant explain how tired am i right now
If only it worked that way
do know anyone in moval or near moval that does piercings and ID? im feeling impulsive
I followed you and you follow back Ooo I got you
jennifer x pennifer is what they called her in school
Worst thing is seeing your bestfriend hurt or upset
Chijioke the actor. Were those tears real? btw Nwosu needs to bring season 1 hair cut back. Dont like this one
someone make a shawns curls thread
Hell yea bro!! I wish we watched it together
Just go away. Stay here in my heart TheRose_0803
Wow. Smh
my drink as good as usual
really wish I had somebody who genuinely loved me ..
A lot of the merchandise are sold out Will they be available again?
so that's it!! I apologise for how slow the epilogues came about but school is a pain in the ass rip I hope you
oh but a mood
Just tweet when we lose shit depressing af
that moment when your phone hates you
no one will ever understand my fear of winter. the older I get the more anxious I am for it
Kevin White made the catch but couldn't get in the end zone
you see me going crazy all year
Really hard to know that lost a classmate in the past year. Even harder to know that lost another one
When u know if u in love anymore
it's okay we're used to your horny ass
non
my priv/personal is for anyone who wants to follow
the shoes i bought were only $40 ugh.. but the fit looks good i'm proud of myself.
Soooo close!!
One yard short
4. I think we should have found Akechi's food blog in game
WELL we a late sister
i just wanted some attention...
ily and i would have the balls to finally dm u but late here fml
This nap almost took me out for the day... lol
You guys. I'm at a loss as to what to think here about some of these, um, opinions
, I Aint Gone Lie Been Thinking About Oomf Heavy
That's literally half of loona lmaoo but same
i drank pepsi and ate kfc and now my throat is BURNING. i deserve this
ooooh cute. i feel like everyone hates me tho
u know i have a fanfic i still havent finish yet
soft demais
geeking over this one dude fuck
hey hey hey why are both of you guys exposing me
Damn Brother Nature protected his tweets so he really did tweet those things
I stopped doing that egg white face mask because my face was getting so light
his middle name is leslie? changing my name
im being deadass serious like if any of my oomfies wanna move out w me and live together that would be pretty cute i wanna do it
sempre q tem blocklist de army eu nunca sou bloqueada aa
And just go breaking my heart
I miss my boy so much
playing hard to get with all of us
wild!! realise you get ADS
said all these things to me
cry trying to find a parking spot is honestly the why you Even if you can parallel park
i wish i can relate to the terms to understand but i can't bet the thread's funny
Tsongas you are losing your culture my tsonga friend just bought a Roll on
19 i deserve to know
both
Bro, so tired
Kevin White will always have a place in my heart
Shit I still need to pack
I know
i think about time that everyone should know....SHAWNSEAVEY was only her second choice cause mendesAVERY was taken
it really be like this
Had such a good weekend, so sad its over roll on next week though! Get to be reunited with
they really out here making them look like vampires
ik I laugh at really stupid stuff okay
now that i posted in that tag wheres my future gf
I hate being insecure sometimes
i told my mom i hungry so pick me up nothing and now hungry asf while she eating good in the other room
So much expectation this week Lord
taejinseok sounds great thank u ella the only person i trust
that split second shot we get of ciaran spitting out whatever he has in his mouth in the j'ouvert video... god i wish he could spit on me
lol i went shopping yesterday and now i hate everything i bought
Scariest thing seen today.
are you saying i have taste
I chose not to even tho I wanted to.. can I get some credit mf?
One piece jolly chicken
Rolled my ankle and that shit hurted
I have too many clothes and shoes I guess a hoarder
he's not from this century
yes. yes it is
The fact that we bring guests to my works Christmas party makes me so sad
yeah and he also said some shit about wanting to be like chris brown with his (future?) gf
my mans an ant
Poor jujubaby
more defeats if you scroll down. I just wanna have fun
Not even a single club mentioned has won a ucl , i see . Iss just sad
Life needs to be celebrated today
how come deadtass every post in this tag got 100+ likes except for mine just say ugly and go
not crying crying
too many to fit
No you didnt! a sneak peek!
Why they just do read option instead of power option
we only support labour in this house
Awwww no I missed Swan Lake hopefully it comes back. Would love to see it.
Eagles
I'm disappointed
Someone should come over so we can paint and carve out pumpkins
My humble contribution Mistress
being a dumbass is a part of my core identity
Winston doing what Winston does
sir, he's dead
My worst phase that i don't like to talk about
Lloyd + Jay
- oh God i don't even want to think about these 2
Just remembered how in middle school people would be mean just for being self counscience around them
My mcm only follows my other account so whats the point in this one
pare
it's only bde to you because you're prone to messy eating
I...
Sending prayers
She is wonderful, she's amazing. I love her to bits... hence I find this whole situation so hard
If capitalism is your deity than money is worth more than human life or human dignity
Poor Callie has been getting sick all morning.
I have one hour to kill,distract me pls
do this
I can hear old skool Mariah in her tone I'd cry too it was a song I chose at my dad's funeral
he got a haircut
He even catch the damn thing Brother Nature caught it
iFFY! don't say that to people, they might end up thinking i am dangerous! but, please, say hi to Agatha for me
i need to stop overthinking everything
I pretend everything is ok but really deep down inside I miss club penguin
I have the channel to watch the Cowboys game
STFUU im trying to make money
I already replied
Rough weekend for Miami sports
outcoached again
this is literally the only good pic i got im so sad
My flight attendant has NO right being this thick she got the birthday cake
wooyoungil on pomppufiilis
enjoy this video from a while back
Those were the days
armstrong went home 'cause the other judges are tasteless and not imparcials
no bitch I look so much better in a mirror
That is me everyday! hope your day gets better Emma.
they looked so good
i if i had a decent computer but i
how it be sometimes yo
Why the hell am I not allowed to fall in love with you?
Im going through my vmon/taejoon pics and gifs my beautiful babies
Um but seriously I think I deserve a follow because I got bruised tffff up from the show in Sac
I do ima catch it on Tuesday.
maluma is bringing all these other artists with him to his concert in colombia i wish i could go
I really enjoyed my weekend and I'm not ready to go back to work tomorrow
oomf coming back
What a day
digo e repito: pf twenty one pilots vem pra um show solo eu nunca te pedi nada
I'm scared of soo many people
yesasia just emailed me they don't have this is love at least my one more time album will get shipped soon,,,
God gave me a dig bick but a face not even my mom loves
i know
so u can ignore my snaps but reply to my shit on twitter ok
Girl dont let anyone make you feel like that
This is pure evil
Armstrong....
Not feeling work tomorrow
born in the wrong generation smh where's my typhoid
Anyways just remembered how in middle school people would be mean to me just for being self counscience around them
taste. Not seeing a shooky anti on my tl for once
Soom
Nah I play pc you gotta have lil thumbs and a bald fat ass black momma to play ps4 so all you
Yah I need it for events I just can't tolerate the people tagging people in stupid shit anymore and
I stg it took me hours + a lot of trial and error
Love this, greatly needed today.
He's sick
I had an allergic reaction to something and I broke out on my WHOLE entire body
Oh that's a shame to hear have you tried anything else? (P.S Happy Birthday!!) xx
i really miss my pop pop
sorry that vid makes me laugh so much I just wanted to lighten the mood
Yes sexier in Destiny 1
Since before that night in Istanbul
Can't get into that closed circle without a review sadly I'll perservere and maybe purchase a
y-yes?
yeah idk how to explain it
U was gonna cry driving around
rip glad to see kept some of the classics tho tbh
What is this, man ?
/another/ vampire, fuck the first one is enough trouble
i know ugh the disrespect
ba gona, learning to tie their shoes and stuff. Not a single lepara in sight
ill try but its still midterms so i might be busy a lot
had so much potential
3rd and long pls god
by the
pictures i take of my friends vs pics my friends take of me
she'll be happy to know i was (and still am) the sole "William & Cheryl" stan back in season 14
as covinha
My cat scratched me above my lip and now its bleeding
I have haylor mutuals wjjdjdj this is why I know about her tour
the black ones are peng tho
Does it feel better
Never missed and wanted my own bed than i do now
I just wanna have a scary movie night and make Carmel apples
lmao why she be acting like Orlando Brown
a sad life
what I said
I want big anime titties sometimes
They sleep on max all the time
not anymore, woman
not anymore
Closest interaction with exo
come to the show at wells fargo center
these r the only pics i took at hoco and this was AFTER hoco
okay to take a check down every once in awhile
Fuck sake!!!! Terrible end too the game! Gutted the word
Dude I didn't even want to play in that 2v2
Me , Rod & Xylon Was Knocked Tf Out , I Miss My Man !
Awwwwwwwww
no mana bois
Cleveland no
nvm i think i foudn them he's got a nice dick
since when basic twitter humor was high quality
I just received bad news everyone. My dog lady of 13 passed away today after getting hit by a car
27. bless me ultima it was for school so
no but I use formal Arabic For long long hours due to my work
i already miss the curls
Some hearts Rejects The Replacement, Even If They Lived Empty Forever
You Will Be Always In Our Hearts
sorry it wont happen again
why are you like this you're the best friend i could ask for and i love you lots so stop this madness
Slightly disappointing
soulmates
Jesus Christ. This is awful.
Omg dey did robocop 1 durrrtyyy. All his limbs shot df off. So sad
Wow what an adorable trio! I am so sorry for your loss, the pain is awful Your lad was so handsome
i know but i gotta meme it somehow
Louis is only reason why I watch XFactor this year. When I see all this commercial shit disappointed
proud of this?
You're pathetic
We were so close.
girl with and zodiac sign in bio: I hate it when boys say all girls on twitter are thots different but go
It will shock us
stranded on an island.
your phone is dead. so is your juul.
you find a portable charger.
It has
I wish
it just ended and I felt the need to get that off my chest
Terrible 4th quarter. Pedestrian defence..
He has a girlfriend so nvm
gorl the second top is cute as fuck you snatched
it ain't a tweet but yeah that's a low point
sweetie if i had money i woulda done it already
Oh my goodness
which one do i get
i'm pretty sure this game lasted like 3 days
My only fellow bottom mutual
Oww is someone becoming a bit emotional?
so you just decide to sell it like that
Oh Jabrill, my son...
i need food and a nap but just not enough hours in the day
missed all the press tour, he didnt earn the privilege
I know...I know.
If people keep mentioning him, all the white supremacists on the internet will find their "I'm not racist" scapegoat
The me of Yesterday
The me of Today
The me of Tomorrow
With no exeption
It's all me
my bro, where you been
Sorry to hear that. So sad
babY
I miss Taylor Kahan sooooooooo much, hope he's fine
Why didn't they just block me back
i love you so much taehyung
Sadly, no. A few of them have already died on the way. One of them was a 6 month old baby.
i'm not a brat :((((
and yes i am
marry me pls
My baby is having a hard time deciding if going to stop uni or start working. Hayyy
I wonder how I changed myself
Aw soooo happy
my bf
i didnt see this
OMG HE LOOKS SO HAPPY IM
My heart just literally broke
CUTE
three yays for tae
Need
fairly thin but wide so it makes me look fat
I WANNA GO ON A TRIP SO BAD
We are a caring country, it's just we can't save the whole world. So many of our
I quite enjoy bo4... does this mean you dislike me
Yes u are :(((( but I love you anyway
Good times
Feels like been at that point for a while now
Louis is only reason why I watch XFactor this year. When I see all this commercial shit disappointed
My dream didn't come true... I couldn't get tickets for even one of your tour dates But I'm happy for you!
love of MY LIFE
SM failed us again I'll never forget that weird ass kkb pic they posted on merch bot
I know sir
saw it somewhere
Mentally today has been a really fucking shit day!! Ready to just sleep and start again tomorrow
You're to beautiful for that
is there any chance your SK8-HI MTE trainers are gonna go on sale bcos newly graduated and unemployed but my toes r cold
taehyung is so cool
The title for some reason reminded me of the ending of The Princess and the Frog
Neither does that dimensions
Handicap parking ohh so excited. Not
i just know lauren has 58482929258328385839229 pictures never see
lonely
HIS SO ADORABLE STOP
how can you tout something as hatoful boyfriend tier when there are no birds jk though you're right,
i love u art
So sad and sorry for your loss
he owns the art industry
I cant say anything I spended more
Oh, I need a good moisturiser for my face
u either break it down or it breaks u down
i tried to apply for them in a website but work out
Ahh yea...u were pointing!
not when jikook is right there join the cult sis !
19. 15-30 minutes on a school morning, 1-2 hours on night out
20. praha, paris, tokyo, thessaloniki, mesquite
just trynna hustle for your love
Every time I mention sleep paralysis I get it, I did last night because I said pumpkin looked like my sleep paralysis demon
Can someone please help me find that wow oh my god clip
been feeling so down lately
Not cool
My friend Catherine scratched me above my lip and now its bleeding
Dreams come true
oh I'm not having this bs anybody down to let me rant in they dms I can't tweet it
HAPPY happy and thats all that really matters
But that is how spelled Bron
Lets hope so
bro u r the art
Me too
i missed seeing u on my TL nd i thought u either sb or deactivated dhhddj rip kithyoongi
what is it
i'm anne in the back being
, I Wish It Could All Go Back To That
Bro tf is this then
can u leak ur blocked list
the uniform at my job are so ugly, no one better pull up
i just noticed how i said thats bc i took the other L
Same.
I just want to meet him once
Man, my family could use some prayers.
SAM THIS IS MAKING ME ANXIOUS YOU SEEM SO UNINTERESTED I FEEL ANNOYING maybe i should not turn on my caps lock either
cabs be expensive and i drive
hey cervellone
I really hate that type of art Taehyung would never mutual me. actually block me sad
If only..
This is racism
Wow I was attacked today
see thats why ur bad at the game
Bdksbdkd she aint that bad
to triste
Shoulda put it on her this morning but I was hesitant never hesitating again
the security guard at my w4lm4rt can smash
I love you
I just want hugs from my man right now
Ahmet abi
Why do I have to deal wit customers today
Tired is an understatement rn.
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
She is so adorable and I'm sorry your day was shit baby
Wat in the entire fck is going on defense smh. Please don't start getting stupid like the offense
can anyone explain this in a way that makes sense please i have to use it for this essay
I really got this job interview soon, I hope I get it shsjsj tiredt if being broke
I can't offer much, but would a kofi or two help any?
deer are cuter to me and we gotta make him as cute as possible although acorn bag is still adorable
oooh bandori, it looks so cute but i suck at rhythm games.
hi i miss
i want a pizza with green peppers on it
"dreams come true" omg
Lutz is so beautiful but her spins and pops sad
Please taetae is the cutest bean :(
Paper Tiger.. Betis.
Run Ended.
WHY DO HIM LIKE THIS
He just signed a 7 yr long contract.. u will have to wait a while
i know :(( i likd cried twelve fucking times watching it oof imma watch it again too
that hurted
Damn, I've been exposed.
tain ne pas supprimer ses anciens tweets ne payes pas
i want the same rj plushie seokjinnie has
Y yo me voy a dormir hay al rato me avisas termina
He's had the most reliability issues of anyone on the grid might have been a
3/10 sis we need to gather all the harries that live in cali and meet up
is the new recover in the league.
RIP :( my aunt died last year I know what your feeling
This is so cute
the time magazine w BTS available in texas
if not, i can still listen to the comebacks first
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA por isso... aq n nd aff
Yesterday I saw Tae' live... and now I'm sick...
sneezing like crazy ...
I really had to burn my finger with the straighteners
taehyung went to the warhol museum in pittsburgh
quick to cancel these celebs but cancel yourselves for that struggle music been creating
So going to have to drop Cervantes as my main in Soul Calibur 6 My man is way too slow. It felt like by the
A cutie pie *sigh*
not at the fact that i yelled at tae when he tweeted because i was in the middle of playing superstar bts
At a release party don't remember anything from Thursday.
maybe the saying "you are like your bias" is really true
It's so goddam cold in my house but I wanna take a shower
Why I have to change my clothes if my sister is the one who is getting married
Chillout
more and more every day
i guess we fucking to bts LY: Answer album
Where's the hashtag to keep track of all the sweater meme pics?
wish it was ado too but news has been saying he's with dc
I'M SO HAPPY FOR YOU i admire you so much
This really is the man I love with all my heart sigh
bts please just make my dream come true
never mind. beating my ass in literati already.
hi can sum1 slide into my dms and we become best friends
please stream he really wants us to please
pained scruffy looking bitch!!! Go suck a fowl cock if it has got any.
Craving some FATASS kisses from my bf
its true tho
Faqiriz abla
can u pls follow me back again i miss having your follow i moved accounts
my old brain cells r dying dont u think u should think of tht by urself
They gonna come for you
pobrecito....
monday you sent me flowers, tuesday made me feel stupid, wednesday the world was ours, thursday you didnt prove it*
Yet another Sunday I get Chick-Fil-A
Just broke the back glass on my iPhone 8 Plus not into the minimum repair
The actor who plays Dr Edwards is a family friend of mine too. Hurt
yay but also
I feel like always at work i feel like i live here here more than in class
This is rude
crazy ugh mbn everyone at my school hates my school
seeing mariely n asher being cute on the tl 24/7.... shut up
Courage
too cute
They just hate trans people and will make any argument against us
Just a goal away
almost
43. Seokjin's goodbye.
baby is cuter though noah fence
Well okay then
Ya im hella hurt right now
man i thought those were some big ass shoes
The 3 closest ppl I love playing with on xbox never hmu anymore
Fellas: I have to confess, I listen to Vocaloid
kinda sad actually. The only driver of the top 6 to not win a race this season is Bottas
I Really Miss My Baby & I Just Seen Him Last Night
MON HDJSJSJS STOP but mayhaps agatha wants some-
I ordered it and then realized
Loki
Why does Adulting take so much of my weekend time?
all keith/sheith cakes look so lovely and yummy
Wish I could do Newcastle but it's on a work night
god The Divine Feminine from top to bottom is still such an incredible body of work
missing peek a boo hoURs
cover up sweety you'll catch a cold
i really wanna smash their head out of their body
lindos
house music just hits different
the duality of my girlfriend
shoulda known
in this house we love and appreciate artsy boys
stop,,,,, before i f*ll for y*u
Your long hair was amazing Thank you
Ahhhh they said Cassie and diddy split. Because of his boyfriend French
Just want her to stop hassling me
what did the jam ever do to you
I have 40% left and sleepy and not home
Wish I was ahead of my time. I'm just a normal 20 yr old geezer
youre so cute
This is a health tweet. This is so real. A lifetime of this terrifies me
I re arranged guts in a while
Oh shit just noticed that I can't tag in photos
Lucy was on my account and sent this. What a dumb rat.
I fr remember this day & who was complimenting u as well ..
I got mad again
NEVER MEET A FEMALE WHO PHONE ANT LIKE THIS
w-when will u tour again
disgusted by this. My friends, family, and I feel safe in our own country
come
My baby is missing please return him to me.
i really want frosted flakes
I was talking about jalos people
Sometimes I feel like out here all alone
go live
Keeping in my thoughts and prayers. so sorry.
This turned me on. I need some help! Pray for me
wow i guess high school felix has made a comeback
Icardi dey der but my strikers be Morata den Giroud. Tragic.
Fr this happened to my cousin
I've been exposed
speak it into existence
New jikookers missed out on a chance to see the legendary B&W performance this is so sad
cum on man rlly man you left so soon
I hate u why would u say that ,
all girls are the same... word to juice wrld
nice to see pics where I was too. Nice memories, also when it was just one day I
its not. it really kaya nga im sorry..
at least they rolled down the windows in the last 2.5 minutes
me too i miss seeing ryan act bold for .5 seconds before he almost shits himself the sound of the wind
you forgot elijah and klaus
jaime trop blasphemy ossi
it flopped
real missing bts hours
im not even that good
i was this to block the account and i realized it was my own account
cancel culture is sad... these tweets are funny tho
this better not include me
Tae said dreams come true so cute, in love
Wish I could! Being unemployed for a year is the sh*ttiest!
kim taehyung i would die for you
its chany*ol and m*nho
Tae the type of intellectual king to read James Baldwin
Are u doubting markren... stronger than renmin and noren combined
Absolutely brutal
i was hoping for more u know
get me wrong, i love my natural hair i just wish she stopped fighting me
IM . LOVE U SM thank u Su i hate the way eyebrows look but next time imma be more manly fkdkdk
Been 30 years since my grandad died. Gutted I never got the chance to meet him
No lo hagas
wish I could hear all my favorite artists unreleased music
It never stops in our city smh
Really lazy to wash my face today
omg did you guys know that vanessa hudgens had to accept a pay cut to be in hsm3 cause it was around the time her nudes leaked?
they always are
give me ggs to stan then
This kicker is about to straight DRILL this
i wanna go to the exhibition in the castle with taehyung i refuse to go with anyone else
The only Oloni tweet I want to take part in is this one. I would like her to lower her tweet voice tonight.
we all do
Broken arm and a broken heart tell you what hurts more right now
6s is poor people phone now?
You know what the going on
listen we been knew tae is basically a second bias for me
Dearth of economic experts in Finance Ministry irks PM. via
Eventually and will win on the game weekend, and I will be very happy.
This is not that weekend.
the vlog life is so hard
he is honestly so pure and precious he makes me heart melt
jealous of 2 income families...being a single mom is fucking exhausting
Nah bro rather get blown out than this shit
Send me some of that luck
Yet no World Champion love for Lewis ah well, hopefully this time next week...
who lied to you
6 years of disappointment
force me to choose
aw why so? and mine was just fine, tomorrow's gonna be a big day though aaa.
Why is it every time I start getting to neutral, my mind chooses to go dark because of a small insecurity about myself?
I hate this
Tyna the browns lost
... I took a nap and stopped watching since I thought this was an easy shut game
What happened
The Brewers got the popular vote but it seems the Dodgers got more electoral votes
Wow... right
I wish my dreams were as simple to accomplish as Taehyung's dream to visit an exhibition.
It gets annoying
I missed it I hate work lol be there for the next one
i haven't texted zainab in three hours
no but fr im too ugly and too young
Unfortunately they don't have one, so you would have to do it in the same style. I wonder if it's even possible
I can't find a comfortable sleeping position I used to sleep on my stomach, that was the best. Now 2 minutes on
Can I relive 10/10 please
been playing Nolia (feat. Kevin Gates) by Miles for 48 hours straight
ok we all know i type
dance shy
why instagram alerting me when this thot is goin live
Also if I have a nice looking pimple (which I do have rn) I use face tune ngl
I stand when the weather changes I catch colds like regular people. I be sick sick.
taehyung loves art so much can i be his friend?
I was so sleepy earlier.
attack me but i never watched stranger things
ngl it hurted but i just want to move on
Exactly
All the penalties killed us we gotta do better
And such a pumpkin pipe flavour
not feeling myself lately
you are, you are the love of my life
I was talking about jalos people
Aww, poor Starr She looks so miserable and disappointed. I think it ~that~ disastrous...
I wanna talk about art with taehyung
bro bro eso es todos los dias. i've BEEN lex deprived only makes seeing u that much better
disrespect woman like this
gotta make up for lost time u know,
Ah memories
omg this slander
This headache is unreal
Sorry to hear of the inconvenience caused this evening, it's not the experience we wanted for you
i even discover OF till i was like 13/14 and that was the end of their era so i become fully edgy
ugh im sorry just think abt the fact that have summer break in two months ok <3
he really is
Need a girl that makes my toes curl
apparently they took truman and wildfire off
i watched the whole series with english dub
uh.... i miss steins gate so much,,,, it really be like that sometimes
You are the greatest masterpiece of all
Bella looks so cute today but I bet I get a picture
sameee .. what happened to them they are now 3-4 smh
damn jimin u have to do me THIS dirty
Hola , i miss you , this wkithout you is not the same , get online !
Nahhhh kelv
you tweet things and people steal them for their friends
I had this EXACT thought earlier!
nobody makes me happier than this boy also nothing makes me more sad than leaving him multiple states away
I got bullied for them a lot
no
I need a hug from a bad bitch
Summer throwback - think time I buy some more winter clothes now The Haycock Hotel LLP
going emo
Browns
no chief you'll never be hobi
Miley Pls believe me.
RIP
JUNGWOO LEAVE ME BE JOWKWLSLS. i think haechan and jungwoo are my biases bc like when i first saw jungwoo i had
Me right now
praying for the
Por tu no pudiste ser
PLEKADUFJFJ
This was the highlight of my entire dumb existence
We got robbed
Oooohhhh
My poor broken heart lost without my bestfriend. I will see you so soon though
Mental illness is really taking over smh
how can u look so fuckin precious
not sure about that one chief
It was fun while it lasted
the browns d with yet another let down... and cat with a 59 yard field goal
exo are ugly and sm are paying extra cash for the media and journalists to edit them and make them look good we've been fooled
Shame would be so interesting
A bitch is going through it
how do u always get so many likes on ur selfies :( I know I just post them I guess
The world needs so much..
i know i'm a fag just say it
now that my hero academia season 3 is done i feel like theirs a giant hole in my life
or its bc im funnier when im tired
Happy as can be but still missin a piece
I thought you were the catfish? Now im disappointed
i just wanted a cookie mummy but no one answered have they not arrived back from lidl yet or are they ignoring me
like he wants me to eat his ass
okay to take Ls sometimes understandable
Welcome to Cleveland Browns Football.
i was really rooting for Ari and Pete
Eric doesn't know how to eat fruit
1 rt = 1 prayer
Ditto today. X7 this season now it?
Michael Clifford is a pussy
The bears always get my hopes up, just to bring them down
I wish going to be gay tonight and then will see
arent we all
bt21 really gonna make me broke
Only you can make an ugly ass outfit look good
i loved the lady outfits
i wasnt obsessed with swastikas i just thought calling people g*y waa funny dont cancel me
Remember when Rachel Flynn was Cady
Aye pity they do it in normal time the useless pack of...........,
singing voice is so sweet kiss and make ki kiss and make up
I just turned the TV off. got a headache now
they used Claire De Lune by Debussy
Hola , i miss you , this without you is not the same , get online !
I caved
Trump is the polar opposite of a Marine!
How very sad
dan and phil are doing a liveshow rn arent they smh i need to plan when i post selfies
I guess i deserved it im waiting for you then
Im not go let the Cowboys stress me out today
worokia's not responding do any of my oomfs wanna play battleships on imessage
Oh, I'm sorry there's always next time....maybe, right?
going store to store looking for komaeda but we can only find sans
La prof de me tiene hasta la coronilla
Omg so many people to help! so sad that I have enough for everyone
I am going to miss my cousins
baby
The heart did not test his love for you not attached your most beautiful dreams
Never get any attention
Literally embarrassing man Schwartz got some explaining to do and our offense was irrelevant in the second half
Life
can i PLEASE have a girlfriend so i can spam her with selfies
...we don't have lightsticks
omg tea i hate u
tough loss man
for me going to see anyone in the hospital or any thing like that is just one of the hardest things for me to do
brian and I get to meet we are Big Time Sad
you're beautiful chief
Damn Brother Nature
you never told him to follow me
you got me there but still this halloween slapped
This
Damn I got owned im gonna cry
these nxt 3 days are gonna be helllll for me
i need mutual just hmu if a multi stan and not problematic
I'm mad that I care so much for you, when I really wanna be mad at you
Sad but true
To the squirrel who just took my front left tire to the chest truly sorry.
Damn its sunday
What did he do? How serious is it?
speakerfranta and _____alyssaa___
3 people unfollow, do you like paris that much
be the weekend of the year when osu and browns lose same weekend
have to add shaku on the beat as now
NWNKDKWODD no sadly not i was making a snack before bad n felt the urge to start the witch au
but then He started talking about art and showing his interests and i got so inspired by him
I would love a nap but I feel like wake up with a crazy headache
My mom talks about chisme in Spanish on purpose bc she knows I know it
This makes me feel really sad
me: all i tweet about is billie eilish
crush: billie eyelash?
me:
taehyung is too precious his love for art is so cute ugh baby
not 2 b that bitch but ,,,, i miss my ex
bITCH YOURE ALREADY MARRIED THE FUCK AM I NOT ENOUGH
rly too bad we r both bottoms
really good at making me feel bad about myself.
Me right now
i asked her and she said not selling :( sorry honey
So Khalid just gonna respond to everybody but me ... K
cheated on my barber nigga gave me da V hairline dis what i get
I don't have a hack sorry I just avoid using glasses while wearing makeup
im sorry i only stan yuqi and soojin
i wish i was there
ugh
late Sunday afternoon unexplained stress, just what I always wanted
yeah for sure but only for friends and fam
Zvotendwa vamwe tenge tichida kurapwa pfungwa idzi coz stress dzacho dzinombowanda hope muchatibatsirawo isu varwere Doc
fish tacos
Mais non law il a raison
never been in so much physical pain
this one too
his smurf hair
Browns got cucked once again
shame on you
yeah.....i haven't been able to play a video game seriously in many years actually
so true.. I am my own worst enemy - but I'm working on that, everyday
Wish this could happen to me, i never saw him live
I truly hope that it come to this ban
I love Taehyung
Broken again!
sooner or later i would get spam messages
oh well..
Yall fw my tweets??? Or nah
wtf i love you so much
When I say meat is nasty I mean red meat
sure Milan are gonna lose hours of sleep over not impressing ZachLowy from twitter
So I finished fort of apocalypse. so upset
Fucking hell so sorry America
Another Sunday of nearly 4 hrs of sitting in the same spot just for the browns to let me down
I had a dream I got exactly 14 in my inbox
ashamed
I really hate it when I fall sick
*hugs you* we are all in this hell together
i-i just want to hold hand
bye
Life would be so much easier if Doritos could fulfill all my nutritional needs
Can't win them all team game on for the
Aw and of course there is Logan
absolutely gutted Armstrong had to leave
Except futari no himitsu volume 2 is that good....... even better sorry funky kong
That's good then! Lucky you! Sanson scored. I was happy for him. Thauvin is injured We're playing
RIP michael b. jordan talented actor, gone way too soon
pls we need the au
i need more mutuals who live in london
Commission for PotatoIvyGirl on deviantART I love gradient hair
I feel the same way... He does as he damn well pleases... And gets away with it
Rick And Morty en Netflix
I want him to Picasso all over my face
J'avoue Kevas tu bien son follow
i know that but it's difficult sis
That shit hurted so I skrrted
i had to say that even if u deleted the question about it
been time
maybe he should come and cuddle me instead of just saying fuck school from the distance
But why 21+ tho sheck I was down af but only 20
just,, thinking that joon took these pics of tae and tae took ones oof
So what should he do today?
There problems were bigger than the music, how's that his fault?
Humans.
nah sir u got 11 i deserve good things too
i was trying to multitask
Miss my bed
Beathard can't take a sack there... Man we miss Jimmy
When someone you have completely let go off keeps popping into your life
this is mine atm
me after i end an argument with and he text me back
es lunes
sorry bro
jimin come thru i'm fading
guess exo has been exposed
central paris but i did not go
debating on my costume
I don't wish jail upon anyone but when it's people I love in that jam it's a whole different feeling
HE LOOKS SO HAPPY AND CONTENT OHMY GOD
I was rooting for them
Man the life of a fan!
glad I got out of that mini existential crisis that quickly
oof
omg hahahaha ya cute pero why do you keep calling me "ate" :(((( baby pa akk
Why do I attract all the psychos
estoy muy enamorada de yeoreum es 1 bebe
i wanna post this vid on youtube but this girl needs to answer me so i can see if shes ok wit it
Looks like going to state instead ... But its fine, all in this together
2 questions
-do you have a new song in mind?
-why you record videos with your family anymore?
i'm offended that no shave november is given such disgrace
Exactly. She's the scapegoat.
spit back bitch
I can cry
Sports literally just rip your heart out
Been stubbornly carrying my AC15 cause an independent woman and need no man to lift my Shit. But I have tendinitis now so....
Brother Nature just divided twitter. over, the peace is gone
let me down cowboys
So guess we sleeping like this tonight look at this
*Sigh* another light 38 point game for Brady
the anon is right this time
minha gi se foi
alright
Really want a proper McGenji shoot someday
what sucks is that, i know i deserve so much more
ugh
keep my dick in my pants, aye
This is mother ! Cheers for that 1 ! How lovely- next time gift wrap all we do
Talr is really going through it
why not both
Meu tbm
I needed this today
No women will ever leave me as heatbroken as the browns do every Sunday
the only work of art is u
I fuck up everything
the tea is that we going viral you sure about that? We fucked up big time with idol
We block them
hi does anyone want be be friends
Tell me about it
We can't even celebrate peace for three months in my country
wait not to be basic but the van gogh museum and the sunflower maze
hi does anyone want be be friends
always knew u were lowkey a freak
Oh shit. This whole time I thought the twilight series was just about vampires and werewolves, but a thick ass love story :/ rip
I finally got everything on Friday
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
The more things change, the more they remain the same.
Dam bro wish we could be there for you during these hard times !! Stay up !!
Wenn ich meine Mutter frage ob sie mich lieb hat...
none of my clothes are mine anymore
then that be 7
Bored asf At Work
Just a few more lies.
hay sack comes to mind...
God I need you to show me what supposed to do.
so,,soft
Should have bought tickets for when I first checked! Now fully sold out
gente
gn
throwback to when ** murdered me
Lise bilmem
Becoz my milkshake bringing boys in the yard
Scotthope too
So sad & happening too frequently
minha fav de chase atlantic a a a
Yeah, I can definitely understand that feeling. I wish I could offer some advice or something,
she does and i think she died
armstrong
As a Raiders fan, I know that feel
truly sad that bad things happen to such amazing, loving, beautiful people
Low quality pic from high quality person
Sigh
wanna leave
Please
yea
thank you sweet i hope soo
I luv u too but it feels like I got stabbed in the stomach
Adnan has a pic that he looks a bit taller than me in and I know he will never let it go
OMG The is such a tragedy!! This is a Hate Crime pure and simple and needs to be treated as such!
but so thankful a sane rep sessioner and a wonderful person ily
bitch where tf u been
i... not wrong though
I believe I go to the night noodle markets this year, that very Sydney-Sider of me
the glasses
Lol my body believes otherwise, it's so stressful because I'm the sickly one at home
Oki
Oh man...look at his *ups* face
it was with or close friend gc
Good night
I think I broke my shoulder
Sigh
ugh poor baby
planning to shift strand.
got one of my worst nicknames in a Black Ops lobby
only the real know
Not his fault tho
dont worry bro, ,, we are really embarrassin huh
We really in love out here
mother 3 confirmed
sleepy and craving cereal awuthi ngilala
Did lily take off her makeup
Ok but where is the lie
im going to hell for being gay
IS THE UNHEALTHIEST THING
yes jess, iced tea
I'm sorry
too bad it's never gonna happen
Bruh just popped a tire right after leaving work
Oh my. I do remember this. I had two little ones when this story broke. Wow. We all did forget
Add to the list - no chocolate there either
sounding like you guys have been dominating the league before now. not UCL
sad all i wanted was tai pics
I need a hug
Hard seeing the people I went to school with pass away
Mom I love them
i want to hold hand
I STAYED THE WHOLE TIME i didnt hear anything
Whaaat!!? Again?? Really. OK.
this probably gonna sound lonely but hi is there a girl that can just talk to me and be there for me
Aw come with us next time
first 1997 and sister, now 1998 i just wanted to yell hit my houdini
thank u legend but delete this pleathe
My Bulldogs My Dolphins
still upset I eat out with you and Sky
do i really gotta close on a sunday??
I miss the days where you could find bootleg pokemon games at a blackmarket
I hope know i pronounce gorge as jorge
The movie "Olympus has fallen" comes to mind - only that the in that fiction is decent & sane
I wasn't even a fan of his looks. Poor Vick
After all we've been through
I want this hoodie or maybe just too far up ur ass
three new words to add to the mute list I see
My demons almost won today
Sorry Mick just found this. Love it
I would take candids of him and post it like 'he thought the art was pretty but I thought he was prettier'
ok we can be broke together
Sope isn't dead y'all ,they're sleeping, let them rest
i-i miss them
This is very sad
My head is killing me. stressing out over Zeus being sick
Butterfly proper breaks my heart
Dunno about the other but imma always use vhope
to better days
can you believe school started over a month ago and i still gotten bubble tea from the place two blocks away from it
so apparently irma is my wife we been knew
likes it when Kino cries during sex
Icb oomfies are flirting in my tl someone get them a room
Disappointed but not surprised
.
Actually heartbroken
Thanks for clearing it up lol
not blocked by me
to triste
I cry everytime time for her to go back to school I should be used to this by now but definitely not
not that short
please!!! he breaks me everyday for being the cutest fucking person alive, every time, without fail
crap the first rt
That time of year Hope ya feel better soon! Coffee and blankets!
Why are you running away from who you are ? .sigh
It be like that sometimes
it is
yes called self love.
super rich kids with nothing but fake friends
Maybe if you stopped being a bum and stanned real talent you be begging for money online
it was so fCking emotional louis was pleading & rooting for armstrong & it was up to simon in the end & he said no
cute
my earphones are dying
******* is lip syncing
i like the caption but yes spare coochie only for u
the bread was not gotten
Ahh
why are u like this
at least i'll rt it its okay
Omw to school on a Sunday
I HATE 2K19 but I love NBA 2K bring 15 or 16 servers back up
39. uuuh school??? ab it
SKDKDJDJDJDJDJDJSDJDJDJDJDJDJJDDJDJDJDJDJDJDJDJD pardon
Terrible thing when a flight that keeps getting delayed nobody got time for that
Baekhyun the genius idol bobohu the nations puppy loml
were ya at least able to watch the game?
tfw u need to shit but yr wife is already shitting in the only bathroom at home
These words make me cry, and. It's true
Why am I like this dumb
prayers to you and your family, all here if you guys need anything.
Can I come see you
missing this baby tonight
first br*ther nature gets exposed and now ch*nce the rapper
good job learned properly unlike me
eaten dead flesh sorry failed you guys
I am so fed up
pity you didnt watch the first season
when about you I will
man calling the :Re anime bad bro keep up
i just read on IG that you are going to The Netherlands in 2019! To bad I live on the other side of the country
since this is blowing up some1 pls donate $ so i can afford plastic surgery
why you have to end that is my show I'm too hurt
Lol,I need to choke daughter with enjoyment
Awe good luck dude sorry
Wish I had a coffee and movie date
But, not in this shambolic way
not me really what i look like
rip bbjinsoul
So it isn't a single?
I feel rly bad for like I'm sowy babygirl. You dumb af but I know you was feelin him
ur the only person i respect
stop pls forgive me
they need to bring him back full time can't believe I missed it
I could really use the help
You know is going to be his favorite player... Well I hope
Omana really just ran over a butterfly. Sorry for anyone who gotta see the roadkill
IM NOT THE ONLY ONE USING IT HE IS FAMOUS ON TWITTER
we live in a society
dhhdjsjjs oop sorry but the world is at peace now
Ok. Enough, white woman. embarrassed to be one.
I broke the spinny - plate thingy
I wanna rub my booty on some dick & get my gut rubbed
I would retweet but spoilers
We stan losers ajskajjsjad
i actually put an before art museums shjdsj
i just want subway to feel better
Seem like I just lost everything I ever wanted wishing it even true
Ya but who's gonna braai at this hour
I need the location Zuki, please find that out for me
dreams really come true! to see you genuinely happy always was mine, taetae! i love you SO MUCH it hurts
When's marvel?
remember when the Knicks draft Dennis Smith Jr.?
I can't fight this feeling anymore.
can i please be friends with taehyung? he of made me cut my visits at the louvre and de short unlike my family
Shameful doesn't quite cover it
i broke the spinny plate thing
True ^^
sorry, I won't show any more selfies
Eu tinha certeza
maybe...men trash love is real
But he liked me though
I relate to this thread so hard Coming from art/illustration community and entering games, immediately I
justine rlly is my soulmate
Realisation of coming home tomorrow is kicking in
sits. keith and i were gonna rabbit today
vou parar
okay I need to stop getting distracted and finish this project
i straightened my hair for you, bitch
That's why mine are hidden under multi packs of crisps
sort my phone out tomorrow since I have no energy to do it rn, tell jac that i hate her guts and i miss the rest of you
always miss you
Day 10 back in the UK
I'm just here. Reading yaoi. Watching cat videos. Missing
I hope
why does emily still think my puppy is fake
63*
u need to KNOW & ily2
They haven't heard their voices since universe they're just confused
okay im back on the homework grind bye amor
guyz,,,,,, can you believe that the Holocaust was legal, we live in a society
Apple munch
Aaa nunca estive
on the episode where **** dies
I just wanna up
nahhh can only do one
i have the all white ones
LOOOOOOOOL sorry not sorry
ilyyy
You pull it like generator ??? You are failing us as a man.
I agree with u I Have My Tent Pitched In Miss Ass Now All Alone In This.... Sorry pefe
p-please
Every midnight I decide to change my entire life
Sorry to hear that ! I hate that too! Sending you a hug
We were missing Juan in our circle
This is why animals should not be kept in a confined area! Forced to be somewhere they belong !
I know so upsetting
Estibaliz Carranza
I had to do some research. But I found one.
going to miss the bears on the cam Otis, chuck the cubbies
I love u with all my heart
IS IT YOU HIDING PLEASE TELL US MYEON YOU SPY ON US JUNMYEON is really spying on US !!!I'm not HIM
she should worry abt bein my gf
I love you honey!! I really miss you... Huhu goodnight baby!
it's time i give up the skinny ratio
Oh man...look at his *ooops* face
It sucks
winwin has no wins today
hendbckshsbdb true n shes gotta pay off the trainee dept somehow
her tiddies always in a divorce
I went get some guac at the store for something quick. never been so disappointed.
I was looking forward to destroying
Someone else said that, heard not nice was hoping chickenpox but looks too sore for
Did she ever even love you in the first place?
Yall DUMB you don't want him to die to, right? My man exactly like all those white YouTuber now
I need a blunt
God forbid it be Jimin and Jungkook
wow
nothing good EVER goes right
Myself with more y o u t h
idk weird bc i kinda say it w an
Damn.....
the memories this brings back
Proper back to work blues tonight
what cute nicknames do yall call gyu please i want to use them all
No, i think not ,Daniela !
But your idea is really good
I wait to go hug my bed after work
the dates aren't always fixated it depends on the exact time u're born in . Chenle is a sagittarius tho but if
oh-
I still believe my first dream of bts was tae and me on a museum date if only that could come true
dreams really come true! to see you genuinely happy always was mine, taetae! i love you SO MUCH it hurts i hope
really about to make an art account dedicated to Tae
you shut your mouth bitch i get sleep paralysis all the time
bon bah go, entre potes on se rend service
Then please have a fansign event at foreign countries
I want a Chester Show
stronger than the us marine
Meanwhile... zero merchants listed in America south of the Equator
Fuck my internet so slow.
some people are just soo unthankful it generally triggers me
Hopefully they could make it down the highway
here we go again
Wish shit was how it use to be
It's a pity
It freakin' sucks
I really miss the summer right now.
jack will fix it for us, sure
where do u go once you've reached the top
this some deep shit
I think I'm falling in love over and over again
I can only imagine the pain my lil cousin suffering from getting caught on fire
I have been saying this for more than one year
tempted to post these tae pics on my insta
Same (even though im a scorpio moon but kihyun blesses everyone anyway)
When time is right. We will be back together
Oh no I deleted dream!ing cuz of storage and forgot to save my transfer code goodbye SSRs
when she couldnt turn on the stove or when he forgot his id for stevens bday
Please dont leave me. Ilysm
why does he look so good
I tried to juggle cuz can
BABY
I want to call out tomorrow
im going thru it god I wanna hear your laugh rn
And then the fandom insists on saying "felgus" and "delmud" and "noish" for years
lmao i know ima just wait till i get back to LA anyway
Today... we are enemies,
Gl.
Andddd the countdown begins again... is it Friday yet?
Ethan and his micro penis
/ | \
.
/ \
No shiny Beldum for me.
dreams really come true! to see you genuinely happy always was mine, taetae! i love you SO MUCH it hurts
Having wisdom teeth out is not fun
I love you so much
Couldn't agree more
i thot she was gonna say that the exam was canceled but
Yes omg the other one was an L
Too much bad acts
okay chief
tbh i think id stan myself too
wes is the loml
why shawn with a new hair cut looks like a 5 kid years old
I know I know I'm so sorry you have that dickhead leading your country honestly it's horrifying
Star bucks in the UK pretty shit too
just wait for my
Ben
No fair this year
Man...now I have to google translate! The in-laws are gone!
taste dghdkzks ily
cause he has such a big heart
But now that cancelled it, I think I want to because be gassed and then disappointed cancelled
hey can you guys please unblock me from Instagram?? I think Instagram blocked me from ur account because I would comment too much
Its just that dirt gets in the cracks of the floor and make it look stain i remember having wood floors that didnt do this.
and you answering my dms
sulley me ignora tanto i-
Thank you for the encouragement
tryna replace the knarcs i see
okay unfollowing spree
just like if you want to keep the mutual
Join the club
i quavo but i will Never forgive him for ruining
those coochie, booty, and titty threads really had me going through it
the gif, im biased
guess crying her eyes out at 12 am over a tv show? yes me
The pearl as the cl!7 is a nice touch. Not.
i had a dream that i had enough courage to ask a girl out, it really is only in ur dreams huh
I swear I wanna make a caw who wears J's and shit
you open my dms... we could be dating but playing
vicious minds abound with anger and
Probably
yes, an oomf
hurt my wrist while skating today... please pray for me, I beat my meat without feeling pain
My headache is not going away
Windows 10 is now officially the worst OS for the year... The 1803 update is pure rubbish. My WiFi has stopped working
She iiiiis~ but she doesn't trust me yet. She still runs away when she sees me
I walked so other hyuck stans could run
i wish
we still must do our best
I played Ekeler and Kitte over White and Burton today
wow
taehyung just reminded me that I have art history work to do oh
Neither can kristen
Not sure I have the stomach for them. I am too soft on the inside
why broke
Is that the Best got? So sad in this day and age.
they really messed up that tempo
I am so tired and lost and sad and I know how to fix it moving house in a week and my brain is all over the place.
First community event no shiny
WHEN DID THEY CONFIRM THIS? so behind on bts stuff
Me too, but you matter so much
I found out that im allergic to stupidity
faites qql chose ca fait 10 min je pleure
Dude i totally miss you
they out here announcing ip s2 while the winner of s1 still hasnt officially debuted
Sorry for The Sims spam but I will do it in the near future more
When hoping for the prepared for heated warning and it happen
I joined twitter when I was 12 my dumb ass is almost 20
Literally felt so sorry for myself walking to work this morning are the worst for a 12 hr shift
Today is not a good mental health day
if it makes you annoyed then mute me sisters
you beautiful
sTOP
Sorry.
Praying for a comeback and safety
it should have been sloth
Third pic,,, soft
I was going to tell you to make Joon die in a car crash while it was raining but then I remembered he drive
its five min away
Same
we're finally moving on
You never really know what you have until gone
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
everyone asks michael for hand pics but what ab his elbows hand pics for lifeeeee
Yaya i am a creature of habit. A slight change will fuck up my universe lol...yes i do
i had to adjust it like three times and still not good enough omg sad
emo hours have been extended to 48 hours
oh n oo i already used it again i'm, i'm sorry equally and lots?
Me shooting my shot
That one time I sucked Namjoon off behind the stage curtains at MAMA
I sleep because I got excited about working on Crash again . so so tired
U should knw wat u are posting here, am teenager and now i don't know what to do
until when are you going to talk about me like you tired ? yes a jin stan and what about it
Remy is single and emotional support.
Yup, I guess we should just forfeit our WS spot because of our tv ratings
On en parle de ..
Nooo
Damn that sucks
i won't be able to open my presents til 5pm tomorrow i love being deprived
stop this is why I tell you
God I wish my life was different so bad
Understandable
Could use some good vibes My foster kitten almost died in my arms earlier. At the emergency vet now.
6 months at Grady Hospital
Is this me?
Sorry all fire emblems suck
Me too
literally all i did was tell my pal i was gonna kill them.................
I hate Sundays
Give him some sleep
what does it mean tho
category 6 head is what happened here
Graham's face
I believe I went live on instagram during Immaterial & Reason Why and no one joined in the words of
Ramroum, when are you planning to resume your work at sawt el ghad, walla haram ne7na
yoonju doing more for me than any of my mutuals
make u a spooky basket if you make me one
twinning yet again
Aw how sad. sorry
I really am sorry new to the twitter platform and still trying to figure
Have you watched them make it?
Feeling sorry
When I went to Vapiano and they served me undercooked pasta I was begging for hooyo to come see this mess
MY STINKY MAN
After about 50 checks I got nothing
quick flex before i go to sleep i'm real and i overuse filters, so what hetties unite
Sorry about your loss...
At least you made them work for it!
true
Wondered why all my images looked under exposed
thought brother nature was safe??? apparently not
I know Maya is just a dog but I hate that I spend her birthday with her
jay is so annoying you should drop him leave jay alone he almost got shot today
making it now even thought small but no one else wants to join
High key missed my bestfriend last night
Ohhh. Did they see your jacket though?
I really want to fucking sext but way too awkward and insecure to start anything
fair enough that's what we consider a cute workout outfit
Can we all just be friends pls
o dont know ive farted like ten times on this tram
why use three diff composers in one program tho..
Hello I love Miyu and Taeyeon alot
He took that gorgeous picture off instagram
You never lied
trippidy trip
non vraiment close Friends de Lil Baby et Gunna my heart
fav kiri screencaps
ur a coward you even give me a heart emoji
Fuck my life. Had a seizure and had to be taken to the hospital in an ambulance. I'm so depressed now
taehyung is such a boyfriend
oof
Horner: Ricciardo put his fist through the wall No me Pobre Richichi
the last name i wanna choke . i just love the melody in psycho
My Instagram was hacked...so sad waiting to see if I can get it back
ugh its awful
fuck u :( i use photoshop I swear this is me
Oh baby I wish you wouldn't feel lonely.
I need to lose 10 pounds before December
Myself, I could use a bit of that luck really
Throat getting more sore by the hour BOY IM ABOUT TO BE SICK AF
I'm so sorry you had to see something like this. These people are so disgusting.
I was such a different person a year ago
Last night but I still have a week of holidays so I'm happy and I had an amazing time with my Man
Anyone watching Louis Theroux: Talking to Anorexia? Heart breaking
that TaTa phone case is cute
i dont have words for this bad, poor choice from the guys
Leave brother nature alone
we going down streaks i love this fuckgirl
this is painful to watch
sigh
i was waiting for you to go through all their songs
i deleted dote sigh
when they change the green sauce and it burn your taste buds off anymore
Really hope these next 6 weeks go super fast this is miserable
his face when i told him i was wakeupcaylen i miss him so bad
adele voice: we could have had it alllll
ur welcome to my funeral
I searched on Viki. It there
i can relate on being unrelatable too
I get it? What did I do now
I'm sorry we failed you, I swear we all voted for all of your boys. I don't know what
YES but she does
that poor family going out of business - I hope Steven gets out before his mother dies
too dry rn
the person who used to laugh while watching horror movies died
where did ellen go
calum
never cuddled someone either
even tho the most alive rn
Worked
how we suppose to spam if we have alrdy liked all ur tweets
they understand real entertainment
Making it to jannah
Just waiting here
I believe you can make it happen :(( I have like 100 diamonds left for the next roll so better hurry
I wish I had the same workload as freshman year of college
Nakko is sad.
Oh, you too? the most important scene to me is when she went onstage during The Moth + read her
well i dont forget things easily like u
whipped
Aaron Donald is an unstoppable force & Beathard looks lost - wow punt block too Jesus embarrassing on Dwight statue AND 94 reunion
watching all mickey and ian scenes part 1
try
also have you found issoot yet
joon's mixtape is close
damn plz try ur best, twitter user karlasdubar is my idol
unfollow and read this. sorry for what about to do
OMG ! He replied, enough , fan forever but disappointingly I know how to do a caption , oh well
They not even counting my fantasy points
We are a hot mess. Blocked punt
The excitement and the efforts....
This situation sucks
Order was fine! But in fact concerning
(8) areoplaines in the night sky are like shooting stars, I really need a wish right now wish right now
Sigh
But what does the fox say
Nook . I Need a Listening Ear
this is corny but hopefully i can meet my own jongin one day
I need to imagine this, lived this nightmare.
: My father kills my vibe bruh
me:
ten: hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he
i get famous but if i do get cancelled for homophobic tik toks
I miss Thea
some people really be out there not having to worry about money like:
came to show us how done beautiful
Wish I was with the boys
It's so frustrating...they played perfect all game then got comfortable
Somos bien provincianos
I honestly think if my older brother was still here he would be able to give me relationship advice or just be
im not allowed to do that i said excuse me? i understand french perfectly. if i didnt i wouldnt work here.
I can only dream of the power and fame that comes with having 69 followers
I miss football Sundays with my dad and brother
SJSJDJSJSit really do be like that sometimes
There goes any resale value it had left
Shini forgot about us for real
can a bitch get a ffx movie
they really just mind their own business and let people enjoy things
welcome though!
nvm radios denied that it was ag or dy,, maybe somebody else?
I'm just now starting to move around. I've been so stressed out and depressed that I haven't had the motivation to do anything lately.
pls dms when you can ive not felt this low in ages man
was hoping for the reverse jinx
Hence the tweet caption
omg i will follow u in a sec & yes i need mutuals on ig i just started up a Local Account
Terrible weekend for sports and the state of Ohio
this hurt me
Oh damn was looking forward and ready to watch
same here i never finished the show cause of fucking school but when i heard that they
Ya know when you just feel bad
The truth hurts
not ready for you to go
11:11 my health
No one wants to date me and I've made peace with that. It's fine I'll die alone
this is so embarrassing
FHCFJSKD OKAY GOOD I MEAN not that nice BUT GOOD LUCK STUDYING
It makes me sad seeing my friend in the hospital praying she gets better
That has happened to me too
// yes thats the plan
I genuinely feel sorry for people who follow you
If you knew how I felt
so close to 1,5k pls help a girl out
I really felt here
ms aily please deny this
My Pinterest is so moist I move like got a wedding to plan shameful
This 100% but I still want a PhD because obsessed with research
promise?
Because he looks better in lipstick than me
How can he get so unlucky It's always him who spins out even if it's a slight touch
Absolutely heartbreaking that this little boy was falsely accused off sexual assault When I think about this
I would always wait for you
I seen that like four times.
..omg no baby cs i listen to either of them
11:11 To go to BTS' concert in Paris next year To meet them soon
when users on letterboxd blocks me for promoting evan this is religious discrimination
Bon
When I finally disappear I think people on here will notice long before my family does
love crying i wanna see rihanna again
i thought i had more potential than that tweet honestly
miss so much only 10 more days
If only we could
we found another one boys
you don't want to see it
She swallowed !
they definitely got more money than some of us (like me for example)
THAT HAIRLINE XIEBCUDBFIFH SOMEBODY HELP HIM. IS HE OKAY? IS EVERYTHING ALRIGHT AT HOME? IT'S NOT A PHASE, MOM!
I fucking swear
you should date me have to know who you are for that sis
But jack today because he forgot to get his headphones and he find them
someone check on plz, I think he's been going through it lmfao
okay baby
i wanna know what it feels like to be hugged by the boys
x factor is rigged but im actually so sad for armstrong
Definitely not mine but a girl can dream
I I love her
she's such a lucky fan
Not just for the Olympics just to go to Japan to & I wanna watch the gymnastics fuck you LMAO
15 and
bts annyeong
idk anymore
/ fleshed-out* dam
i really felt that one
That man smokes too much weed
u should shut up before i shove down ur h*tlog down ur throat
kinda intimidating literally the sweetest be intimidated
Where I work every Sunday only be able to train in the week and not play games
who said that im talking about u
Get off private so I can rt
Hit or miss
Bon
idk if cause getting older but my body can not handle dairy anymore!!!! dairy is canceled
This is completely me as well!
bc taehyun is full of surprises & he keeps working so hard to create amazing inspiring art that we
Would be nice to smoke a little something...
No te merecemos, Baker
random ARMYs**
be the saddest story.
Rip
Sorry
Username: 7/10
Header: 5/10
Icon: 7/10
Bio: 5/10
Cardio stan
i thought u had taste
to think wasted all this energy and money on bastille when we been stanning a real man
Cause i miss you, ayohh
Sorry...I liked it then read the rest of it there should be no "conditions" to being yourself.
you're hurting my heart dae, I thought you were better than this
UGH ur so stupid
im goinf to sleep say gn to me
he's the cutest and i'm so happy for my baby watch me cry over these for the whole week i love him sm pls what
I miss certain people..... texting/calling ain't enough
been waiting for this
sintieron?
so torn between doing a uraraka or toga cosplay i love them both
believe i might be stuck in school when mono drops the amount of homophobic energy this radiates
Going to miss my sis
Every time I ride down Jeffery I think about my boy Jay.
i was gonna put in winona vs award shows too but i ran out of room
why do i always choose to study at the last minute i really hate myself
So a Fast & Furious spin-off on the way
I tag you in Jungoo stuff
ECUATORIANAS SINTIERON EL TEMBLOR!! FUE FEO!
u hate us? damn
are you a ghost? bc youve been haunting my dreams
anyways, i hope your day has gone nice day so far and that
Toca partir nuevamente
I feel guilty.
I can't find carmel apple pie anywhere
sis he has u wrapped around his cute lil finger and aint nothing u can do ab it anymore
to make jokes about how so pressed that you decide to camp in mentions because you have no life irl?
Huge mistake from our goalkeeper Its very disappointing to see that Reina in the field instead of dunnarumma
I just want my Ash to get out of rehab already I miss my annoying ass best friend
I anymore
im not like that but i do sometimes go through boysfw if im desperate
aletheia
Legit thought these were jelly beans
Uhhhhh, oops looks like I forgot addresses Ig I scoop
and butter you bitchcuit I like butter
Ya really wanted to bring this back to haunt us
I'm pretty sure that's happened a couple of times now, we just missed it.
Miss the massive group of friends I had now the ones I have are never on when I am
triste
i mean i said it in my head n that counts
i wish i was this brave
this has been happening to me alot more frequently lately and I don't know what to do... I keep yelling go away but they won't
oh god twice would spit on me
Lui anche se so benissimo che ti spaccheresti le gambe per Chan
Going to school and playing ball
why did i do this to myself,,,,, now just thinking of all the scenes and replacing them w
He wrote you make my go too im used to it by now
i was reading a hwitae au and it isn't finished yet
I wish I so busy all the time I miss talking to my friends and playing video games
EXACTLY
A H*T if i shoved down your h*tlog down your throat i bet you'd like it
I am not a burden...
Uh im an adult
My neighbors went to a -45 rally this wknd.
Then I can finally get a boyfriend
Ugh I love Rena with all of my heart
I'm covering my shyness hehe
I wish I had some crocks
WOw you're very pretty
we are used to losing. No mentality, no winning spirit, no more faith...
Look, I get that politics are complicated, but this tweet makes my heart ACHE.
going to have to be that way if Sope breathe and Jikook continue to thrive
I went to sleep and i woke up sad and I'm sad because I'm young and I'm sad
im sorry.
Thunder by imagine dragons has been stuck in my head since it came out last year.
ugh ur right, i totally would
I wanna go on a trip w and kat
I hate being sick so much i feel horrible help
his power is too strong
Kebangun lagi
I was so shook by your intellect ugh
a Taurus FUCK U
I miss home.
sounds like aza when i ask her for help
Welp I've tried to talk .. I've tried toale an agreement but nothing good enough. I guess it's really over
watermelons suck
right on the edge of the door
rmbr when everyone gave lb shit for the tennis court and more groups have used it after that but nobody cared
i know where i stand...
Baby come back
please follow me
okay but bully me after
life comes at you fast
does anyone have any cheat codes for wii fit
ugh i miss your kim daily
someone unfollowed because I stan exo.. well sorry
ghr walon ki nae bs khud he shok hai
college
imagine thinking i wouldnt buy a whole ass art museum for tae just so i can always see him happy like that
really missing my girls
When will you guys come to Detroit?
someone give me a ride to work pls it's off bandera
and im fine with that if i can be simultaneously cute doing the bare minimum and being healthy
Well son of a bitch
11:16 miss bts more then yesterday
Hey guys when I was 9 I was homophobic and had internalised misogyny am I cancelled now
Doble Play
hope we meet one day please please come to the uk London
I found none
It is cringeworthy when I see it pop up on my timeline
the beach reminds me of ur layout when we first became mutuals
it wasnt meant to be mean it was just curiousity
oh right ofc im so sorry carry on
Sucks that moving to Texas next week but all good, looks like gonna be visiting Texas a lot!
Same on the armpit life
All except for Joseph Kahn blocked me I feel ashamed
In bed with cold feet and no one to warm them on
why he gets his nominations
Can I go on an art museum date with tae pls
non non non je ne suis pas
Bad Beat Browns
Masiar I also checked yesterday, mar'ra there weren't any balloons...
not funny lol
rt if you cried
i posted
My heart hurts ..
trying to have EVERYONE unfollow me PLS
confession time u still intimidate me lowkey uR ALSO COOL OKAY SO GO GET EM
Really says something about our society nowadays when Cardi B is selling more than J Cole
Mista:
Giorno: now you know what it feels like
i have a list of all the fanfics i've read so far is anyone interested
The Internet cancel me too when they find out that only posing as a black guy so I be called a culture vulture
fp on top but then his back pain kicks in so
magcon boys, forever in my heart </3
i want a smooch not to be scared
every time i get to 100 followers one of unfollows annoying
Wow fuck this stupid ass auto tweet
IKJEBCISN I LOVE IT how cute
I still cant get over it..
Might have to do it by or 2 eps a day, work life won't allow me to binge like you uni kids
I had heart palpitations at semester . Everything of the best
Just bummed out that I lost $20
god,,,, please give us a taekook selca before the year ends do it for the gays
sorry if I'm annoying you with too many responses
Sucks that moving to Texas next week but all good, looks like gonna be visiting Texas!
In this day and age still. that poor woman you need to train your crew better.
As the op of that thread, me too
wow intellectual
i sharted two times today i had to throw away TWO pairs of pants i hate when that happens it be like that
11:17 miss bts more than ever
I always knew I felt more
I'm going to be a father after all...Lord I'm not ready
idek
I just wanna know when gonna be in my prime
Thank you Adam I always learn something. This advice would have helped me to ignore the trends in AZ vs Den Thursday night
thats why im so WORRIED JSHJSJS why do yall hate it this much
I have one single picture of myself at hoco and I looked decent
pleathe help me procrastinate ignore me
Back to this offense huh
FFFFF we cant use ph*nes in school
Anxiously awaiting the day when I can start smoking weed again.
at work always the worse...
Yeah I figured but I guess I've met too little of them to know if that is their intention to be fair
Ugh I want new music
I want this job so bad, if I dont get it, actually cry
all just cry together
get fucked up ashly here with the coke
Gas $2.38 in Memphis
i had that before but i type it in all caps or anything
I don't know how to do multiple pics at once?
tragic
Ate a bunch, watched SO have a beer while I drank water. This is a really hard adjustment for me
I just need some gas right now
i thought itd be nct 116
believe keat never told me he has a twin
I want one
If I find a man you catching this fade
FuCkYeAh bad we say the same for the
I miss Frary so much
My ps4 was being weird
my last halloween makeups, idk what to do this year
he
I want a girlfriend
ily too
My statement still stands. You never wanted to sin with me and now all u do
It's real missing jess hours
need to get off brother head das my man
ur using daytime mode are u okay
I THOUGHT SO SIS
I tried to make it start off as sounding like a sheith thing but the klance and adashi got the hold of me
so can someone help me with a caption for my ig pic
i believe.. thanks for the support
Guess i gotta take my ass to papa Johns
as I get older, it happens all too often. I appreciate the sentiment. Thank you.
ah just rub it in! not a biscuit for me in sight
Bro if out cause of this concussion and miss the last 3 games of senior year ima cry
Im not complainin for the work u've given sicheng but please let him rest
sad I only saw for an hour I need more time
i should have bought this
you know thats how I roll on this bird app
i FELT this but u annoying
You went from 100% to a break up real quick
wait 7 hours for you on saturday hope still show up
...... i ate the mold
I subscribed Hannah, I even comment or message lol
the s is gone along with anakin's arm.
Best thing they could do for the country.
Not sure about an endorsement from Laundy though.
we all have our struggles
yeah u tried
I just took like a hour nap maybe and the WHOLE TIME I had back to back to back nightmares ..
My whole life in a tweet
I hate Liverpool and VVD but Van Dijk is top 5 CBs itw rn
Doherty and Richarlison
The house is on fire We need better leaders. Period
really just gonna scroll past without saying howdy?
Kesinlikle
Just ran out of laps
Why is this me
My whole timeline went from MARIN WE LOVE to I WANT TO me too Marin bby we love you
Work tho..
and what about it
okay, it scares me too
bcus ion know shit about these candidates
raison
harry influences me
good night to Harry only, i love & miss him very much <3
This is just so sad RIP
This really how feeling this spooky szn
this is his legacy
Economy too hot. i go try am see where my destiny falls
Brother nature still bae damnn
My baby is dumb but I still love him
If they did the stores would have every size but yours
I might delete the draft it fucking sucks
honestly same ugh i miss it my hair looked decent that day too
ive never been soft in my life
They only scored cuz of fucking penalties
bro ima miss both my when i leave &
hoy: unb son mi vida entera
ayer: +de que es i wanna let the light come into my world??
-e fijo que de un girlgroup m suena
thank u for that
idk yet
Sigh fine but I still want to keep in contact with lil wolfie
Get with the program
ke di definition brush babes
I suddenly miss uwu Wunder I'm so whipped for him lately WHY
first time playing guitar
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
Dommage.
Simple. Two words - Don't bother!
I need my own crackhead
i'm so hungry but i'm too lazy/scared to go outside the building
back to sleeping
I grow a beard either
the 00 line live iconic!! Ok but dont forget to sleep
same tbh
I think that I can't learn Italian bc I didn't learn the swears first
I just wanna hold Taehyung's hand.
I'm not asking much
oh look, the most beautiful married couple
I didn't either til now...
I was just tryin to yeehaw as studied && now I'm yeenaw
te amo
when last heard a sound of it
No! Because not ready for Tuesday
Sadly he doesn't so much obfuscation from our MPs and insufficient factual
I wish more people would send me messages so I could ignore them
This flopped but okay because I still love soft vibe Kookie
broke what do they want from me
Been a miserable weekend for me tweeting too
thank you for your impact king
Quien no?
Only thing i care about is when i get close to seeing the bottom of my drink..
guys the bread is coming to get me
We gonna see Joonie in a different concept in just a few hours and I'm going through it lads
Chief called he said sad too
our temporary lightstick
I want a cookie cake
well shit not a good dancer or singer
everyone calls me intimidating i just use intimidation to get my point across tho
I'm out of painkillers, alcohol and sleeping pills.
wow
When in a relationship but feel lonely
my notifications either keep stacking so I can't see them or don't show at all do something pls n thank
Jealousy is a disease
max irons is the only worthy white man
since college started i able to finish watching wolf children
They hungry anymore
Larson eliminated. Sucks.
Shon so slow
I've not stopped chewing them sha
Never
I just wanted her to be as happy after her free as she was yesterday
I have more non-gers games in the diary than otherwise I deserve sacked. Devastating.
fondbibby hit 2k then accs got deleted and i had 1.8 again
Just want to be in Cali
broke what do they want from me
We really need a cb badly please go after Peterson
Vous allez nous mettre 7 buts dimanche
Same here, Funneh. This is my last year sadly wish I was 10 again.
Everyone gets into such petty & avoidable arguments and I'm just here tryna look a cute pictures of Chrom
i was going to sneak in a HOH reference for your true brand but i sure how to
His time has gone
Currently ripping ass
People mind
Honestly never been so disappointed
At least my dog is cute
going through it for Marin
No me funciona Pokemon GO
j***** such a dig bick energy. im out
not on YouTube tho
That'd be epic but I'm visiting family over Christmas
anyone wanna facetime when i get home
cant get over you is jojis best song on ballads 1 so far
My whole tl geeking out about art and me an uncultured swine being clueless I have to step up my game
omg should I make an Erigom or exo gc
oh nice meme brandy KDSKDKSNDJSNDJD
Stressing bad man
WARNING GAMER ALERT!! If you are not a fellow !! GAMER !! Get off my timeline!
sope is dying let them have it muna
*sigh* they just want us to suffer
I relate so much tbh
Currently ripping ass
People are bothered
starvation mode
not a good dancer or singer
what should I be for halloween
all i want is the little red bag that hoseok would wear, i regret not buying it
I go on Sephora anymore.. last time I went there I spent $250 on Fenty Beauty but have fun
Need : bonbons et chips bbq
omg when are these white kings gonna follow me back
j****** such a dig bick energy. im out
I just wanna feel special
Wish I had this
I always had a feeling Brother Nature was racist tho
So we going smut huh? Kid read fluff first
do i tho
my weird coworker asked me on a date today so how my day is going
His program is temporarily lagging
Dozing all afternoon and earlies tomorrow. think there will be much sleep tonight
TB12 is 3rd on the all-time TD pass list. If only he hadn't gotten hurt in '08, he may very well already be Damn.
When I see these kind of memes I think about Mamamoo, CLC, iKON stan talent
Got told something a week ago and stuck in my head ever since
Sometimes I look in the mirror and just be like damn, really this handsome for no reason
Oh my Niners
Did Shawn really cut his hair?
I know, I had the same thought. I'm so sad the good writers won't come back.
(It is) Me too, my favourites. I liked the ones with white chocolate mousse best but not seen them this year
my mom wont let me bleach my hair
She fight back after her opening combo
I <knew> when figured it out keep on winning!! Gutted for though. So close...
I lost 2600.
just tryin to live their best life
Tweetdecks are back tweeting bullshit, recycling tweets, and probably stealing them too but no one cares
thinking of going off social media for a bit for the same reason... there is just way too much
idek but it does for some reason
happy birthday sam <3 ily and miss you hope you trip or some have a beautiful day bub
please make a come back of your pretty red head
sorry for this guys
Being around hella ppl do shit but make me miss my bed
open up to a surprise
plz tell Jhene to come back
but meant to be
can i miss someone who ive never met
Ive been saying the f word more lately sorry kings
never wanna see me again huh
My Internet is gone rn and I can't keep wasting my data SOOOOO... bye for now
So Amy Tapper doesn't know what a "Spreadsheet" is?! She thinks it literally means what it says, so
Ah......darn.
been tryna watch it but my list stacked
FIRST OF ALL THE FUCKSKDJWJDWJSJ
AND SECOND YIXING I DIDNT KNOW U R THE OLDEST, WE'VE BEEN FOOLED
What is love???? Baby don't hurt me baby don't hirt me no more
thank u flattered
Half current
I stopped watching the cowboys a while ago
Better get that gender change in quick
So much for ever changing my deadname
I really wanted to stay in bed all day but Terry wants Golden Corral and yk my fat ass not turning it down so
I am envious with how much stardust you have.
likes it they all kinky. too kinky.
Kpop idols take selfies even if their life depended on it
Same here!! I really hope a high Democrat turn out for midterms
Very sad. Hope your ok!!
uhh well lack toes in taller ant people approve of cause its a slur to them
I've only had it recently today it happened every time I stopped ! I only used my inhaler once too.
all i do is inhale on this bird app
taehyung has such good taste in EVERYTHING.. he really is the one for me huh
I was locked up sending you roses
Literally my alma matter
sigh a big account tweeted the same thing as me but i got 2 likes and she got 2000
No matter how much time there is in between each time I see my ex it never gets any easier
eat*
why can't you be with me in the journey of self preservation
this really how that dramatic intro to Tear got me moving
I'm so sorry for your loss.
My heart
imagine looking like this
how is that tweet comparable to racism in any way...guess im just a triggered libtard huh
Selena is a queen though. this chick is delusional
HATE my photo with Jenna, she looks AMAZING and i look like a blob i spent about 3 hours getting ready that day aswell
you along with others missed too sure. I should mention a shout to Rob as well
ANSJS dee is cheryl veronica
ur right none of my buiess
Watch him come running to you after he drops mono!!!
I miss you every day
We better kill the Jags next week
why is anxiety a thing? why does anxiety exist? why does anxiety have to be so stressful? can it just go away
Please clean that up before I get home, Jon.
just a depressed banana coming through
love some ice cream
- a whole section on F1 and no mention of Japan MotoGP where the championship WAS decided today!
missed this on the notebook
Why did they make alolan Raichu raid only
En verdad bailaron caporales sin ninguna Machita homophobic
nobody else is here good luck with your one woman band
why is anxiety a thing? why does anxiety exist? why does anxiety have to be so stressful? can it just go away?
I play like cool. But deep down, upset that I still do a pull up
I want it to be cold enough for my hipster sweaters
After it was decided that Armstrong would be sent home.
October 21, 2018 ITV
u should look at this
That is all yuh girl wanted frm NY
I never stopped wanting you
shocked AND surprised
mega F
My mother is the only one that can look through the fake smiles
White people shit
i talk about them 24/7 and you still dont stan them even though theyre on that list
same same I really wonder how many there are for each stop but VIP isn't that bad either
oh
since I posted ina while here ya go...srry jn advance that a lil ugly
now you gotta throw the whole phone away
It was the jelly that got me.
o-oh the user i feel you it happened to me once
a maioria perdeu o interesse por ele mesmo
jimin trying to run his hand through his hair but he has a beanie instead and can't do it, poor thing
MAIS C'EST PAS MA FAUTE MOI JE SAVAIS PAS
Why you just stomp on my damn heart then.
whatever, we are trying to help you
YOU AINT HAVE TO CALL ME OUT LIKE THAT
se for com vc ok
so beautiful, so sorry sending my condolences to you
10 episodes you think are about ghosts but it was really 10 episodes about the power of love
im sorry you felt like this, if you ever need to talk im here but yeah sorry for ranting like
it's one the best universities in the us
sick and all I want is Bobby to get off work so he can bring me ice cream and cuddles
No bets needed I know exactly how I feel about my own blood I'll definitely love them big time but
My brother was there today, season ticket holder....this sucked Gotta win in London next week.
This just breaks my heart so so much
If anyone who wakes 1,000 times a night has any advice I need it! My guy just get enough rest, I wanna help him
actually sad we could have had the whole package yanno.... be struggling to find
somebody let me know tell me which way to go cause i i know
c-can yall follow my svt soft bot account pleath
instantly
I ate too much candy corn n now I feel like shit
Elle m a chercher
Transfer window before transfer. Yea
Sjakskakks no me defendiste, dijiste que no le tengo paciencia a nadie
ur right a crossed the line there
why is my mother the only one who tells me to do 1, i be kissing her 24/7 constantly rejects me
Just take the pain away... ik mis je zo.
My gay ass is being forced to go to church again
I want to read fics but i dont have time
you are seeing things
cant change u so i must replace U
i actually have it and i barely say this shit at all SSNSJ but live your life
Damn. The disappointment
oof
c-can joon recomend books too like some self love typa books or just anything really
I heart you
it's before school hours rn but surely they're the same
Crying bc I cant read the moment on Doctor Who without risking spoilers I know River, no spoilers.
I was just thinking how brother nature out here minding his own business I spoke too soon sorry
i have very little hope but thank you
Thanks though I'm not really hyped up about it
It's true I'll miss you
wish u loved me
i like a new ep so just gonna keep bumping me to you & only till next album
hungry but too lazy atm
I legit do this
Hurtful but good advice. I will. Thanks
i-i thought i was ur wife...
theresa
- winter the dolphin stan
- straight pride !
- cath
- connor
- spring awakening rights
I always wonder what it would feel like to be skinny
Work
i can't live without a stranger wow nice
really missing jessy
wHY did you cut your curls, time to unstan
being a furry aint gonna pay the bills though
all alone out here I just need one real one that I can vent too
ok eat rn already heating up my food
i like new ep so just gonna keep bumping me to you & only till next album
nik is being mean bc of my rising sign
that fuckndg video makes mw so happy i had to put it w my links
so sick of us killing each other. Every time I see another black man or woman dead in Baltimore or in America period...shit hurts bro
cutting up an $80 bra truly messed me up
thought this was ortiz for a quick sec
i wish but spent all my money on patd and so
Sad to see out of the playoffs.
so lonely here pls talk to me moots i dont bite
where I need to be RT Gas $2.38 in Memphis
Roubei do elfo
- i want a friendship with you.
- i want a chance with you.
- i want to protect you.
- i hate you.
Help me, anyone.
mi hilo rojo
I think they're busy eating each others butts
yall hoseok SANG in spring day just hidden yall r mean
you will not be emperor.
Me too bro
i needed this. thank you
All my tweets deleted recently by mistake
the script to scream queens rip
you are worse than koreaboo istg we literally said two things
Upsetting those closest to you is the worst feeling in the world
n e ways goodnight baes but keep liking this post cause i wanna do it all
just scratched up my whole foot all of my feet pic services will be on hold until further notice
STFUUUU is it really cus i was about to start Elite
Being a fan certainly explains the constant look of disappointment on my face!
They play for the club, for the badge, for the fans that's why they're so special for us. Miss them so much
We did last year and they said they do anything about it
so you have a crush? justin roberts
first he hyped up yuqi now its doyeon ugh ima end up putting a ring on him
My siblings were crying when I left do I rlly need to go back ugh
But in real life embarrassed
All saying is, go and see Star is with a hangover....
ai
time to delete my problematic tweets
Oof you exposed me
Good luck. The Wise Woman helpful.
Billy, don't go. Block or mute all these people. I have no idea why they are being that way, block them all.
The feeling of unwanted is sucks you will always be others second option.
he
So people are really leaving Lagos because of nysc damn
Yeah I know hopefully see you both soon though xxx
OMG GERMAN IM GERMAN then help me learn bitte
I just wanna feel pretty get my nails and eye brows done
the night i needed a distraction the most yall started interacting with me hsksksj i love u
my dad has some connections so i might be getting a job, problem is my mom isnt on board
This is just sad
i might already be cryin so we can cry together my b
School was very hard
poor Cameron he did the right thing!
goodnight to mono and hopeworld only
a new show to watch finished all the ones everyone recommends
I hate finding really good kirishima art and then finding out not credited and was just reposted
How very sad
The front of my thighs hurt
its the story line
I wanna get my nose pierced but I'm scared my mom is gonna criticize me for punching a hole in my body
just 18 trying to figure out this life shit
I blame this on for not changing her name. We had a good thing going every week
I love everything about his face
Wish I could re-live summer all over again
y da hell all my mutuals cute as hell
Apparently so.
If I didn't watch this I wouldn't have stanned in the first place thank you kaichael jackson
Damn why you gotta say that rn
I wanna get my nose pierced but I'm scared my mom is gonna criticize me for piercing a hole in my body
Any news on isoot? We miss him
I think quite a few of the riders have shoulder problems but keep it quiet. I bet it's a common problem for them
be obese go out and excercise starve yourself
TE AMO
prometo tentar ok
why u call me
I just wasted some money on some pumas
Can dean bring his old hair back
just anything. I wanna make pretty videos
i used the wrong form of there stupid head
Oh f... I knew it
My family left to horror nights and left me behind
not the girl you want, the crackhead you need
never been there either
Shooky did not have a 7 minute speech at the UN to be disrespected like this
They just stand to see us fuck with each other ...
I sometimes wish so badly I had the power to turn back time
play sweetener extra loud tonight cos today it
too bad i can't choose my parents
Damn. Kwon was my boy too
baby, you supposed to see this
Ugh. I need to get out of target before I spend my whole check in here.
fedoras just remind me of bronys and those are the last people i would want to associate with him unfortunately
tfw a frog has more ass than me
hear nah
..
Where too start
knowing Im not seeing blake tomorrow when in the same city as me makes me depressed
You're gonna need a lawyer...
cute do your homework
My moms mad cause I walked into ulTa and went OOOHHHH IM BACK like nicki Minaj
Why would anyone diss their own mums food time to repost
3. single as FUCK sadly
bro defaal lolu way diapssi ... Diadieuf
Damn the world lost a crazy loving soul last night. RIP Michael
thats snapchat
This shit is fucking embarrassing. Thank God at the bar with a dope ass bartender
Idk if I can
FOO I CANT RN take me tomorrow <3
you got gas money
I want to fuck someone's mouth with my dick
Joseph is the only g that blocked me
this is what happens when yall dont stream dinner
I'm just taking care of you
Not having a place in Durban hacks me. It really does.
But it was just getting fun
Falta muito para bater a meta
safety
why are people suddenly having lanie pfps can i join
If would tell bout ya units we have to
I haven't seen this one
Oh the giants play today
This teaser was literally the reason I started stanning exo
it always happens to me
gentle reminder that end awoke bc of supposed death
been wanting to hang out with you but you no gree
This simulation BLOWS!!!
rt to be in another imessage gc bc the first one flopped
- stan bh
- be a little active at least
- no ameer
started an internet romance and then he threatens to kill me men are such trash
I did, same thing
I literally said Fuck my job & told this guy what he needed to hear he was accusing me of discriminating him WHEN IM FUCKEN MEXICAN
do fries instead of chips??? This like kfc all over again
I just want a puppy but not ready
I miss having periscope
He still abuses me on the daily
and do my dance i should not have been listening to half the stuff i was
have u ever listened to flex on deaf people?
I just want to wrap Louis in a fuzzy blanket and keep him safe, warm and happy
I agree we have anyone else at all
can you guys rec me some sites that have aesthetic clothes bc im too lazy to look for them
That happened to me before and i ended up making a new account
1988 Michael was going through some shit
i know but she's such a tomboy . it didn't bother her that she fell
64% done 12 days until my glo day then i can take my test the day after once legally driving it is
Pewdiepie voice: this is SO sad
yes
Jealously
hEY I'm offended, block me too
Unfortunately
12. i think of anything bc never dated anyone ig whether we click??? and if we can talk easily??
What do you do when your silently screaming for help in a world where the volumes way to high
Taehyung liking art not knowing he is the art
even be outside without bird saying i look ugly
I need people to play with .. this feeling of being lonely is starting to get worn out
it's hard living under my christian rock
Torn between buying myself a phone or to save more and keep it for Uworld question bank
Can Zayn come online
Oi whose bright idea was to put my arthritis medicine in a non-friendly arthritis pill bottle wtf
seulgi really tryna come up and steal my heart from irene
The bears are breaking my heart.
I help with that. sadly
every twitter user in 30 years in aa: well it all came from and
it. useless. Baekhyun never stood a chance. Sorry bub
in a lesson when mono drops
wow facts this is me in pokemon white 2 right now
I really be out here like
i think uts the only one there
love you more
Ur right I literally was talking to my mom yesterday like if we win the lottery going on tour with sizzy
Wanna chop all of this hair off but wanna keep it at the same time
I know you are but what am I
hope u feel better :) i will once they put 1998 and s/n back on the setlist
I did snap with this one
love-hating**** i help that a sucker for the archie comics cast
This is a old photo I took in Vegas. Anyways posting this because I miss my old glasses
50. while you were sleeping e descendants of the sun
RiP Jerry Wolkowitz
Pass to Crabtree
well im glad it wasn't a titan who um
of course when we turn off the security lights and let our Halloween decorations light up we get stuff stolen from our front yard
too nice he would never
Domingo Chato
I love gang fights the more I try to be normal the more I fall in love with brawling and balling
so crobynbesson unblock me challenge
its what she deserves
you make me hate myself if i already do try again sweaty
I go to the Y, and the only workers I ever see are the ones at the front desk. I wonder if I just
The new bmth is pretty terrible
well since ur not afraid to hurt peoples feelings help me get to barricade too
real shit
thank u angel
animals gays, let's speak about animals
i miss my adcolor futures class so much
ben
CANT HAVE A PRETTY VAGINA NOW? JSKSKSKSKSK
With you there im sure you woulda have asked for pics ; cause me and sky were like yes? No ? No ?
i forgot to tweet good morning hi i love them and angel
i love my home but that was unacceptable
my legs ache so much all the time
Miss Na Miss Na Miss Na Miss Na Kita Alam Ba Yun
the furries are finally showing us mercy
we was up 17-0 in the 4th too
upset !
I hope you subject them to the football
Hey wassup it's Deku my phone died so I??? Stole Iida's phone- ty for the nugs ppl I didn't realize I was popular
I want to go back to my college apt I want to see my roommates at all I just want to stay home
Me rn
one of the softest gays ever find
I want ice cream
maybe me and him are connected
I wanna watch this movie so bad but there aren't any subtitles
Feel so lost tonight... not a cuddly person but man do I need one
Cant have a good day until I get that Messi jersey
broke the mutual
why do you hate me i dont hate u :(
Y'all believe this zodiac signs and all that BS ?
Its too soft for my acc i dont wanna
send me ur booty pics first then i gotchu
Regret taking a break from soulcalibur to watch the Niners
r*chelhu*y88 sh/nce shipper
At times like this I wish I had a dog
wait is it lasagna or lasagne ? im just confused at this point ? i always said lasagne but so many people spell it lasagna help
at least YOU have the balls to tweet it unlike us
used my gym membership in 2 whole months
i dick fell off
Warner giving the ball away way too much.
Want Potato Fries again
Yes when she will post it again we have the help her and quote
When i remember
And agreeing with you mate
Todays the day
I know my acc is clapped rn and have 0 moots
dan really loves ignoring us
That border man...
Is there anything tsukishima can't do?
This line back is horrible & im hungover Asf
No one thinks your a dom baby, just give up SHURIPEJDOEBE I ABGE U IM SO DOM
This is so sad
I think my application for a e-gf request got denied
everyday
they got my dawg maha out the paint
i knew it
i just watched that whole skz mini documentary thing and perhaps i crieD guys i think im ulting them now
Lost my other account
Honesty Sarah I was stalking so many accounts today and I thought the same... that makes two of us
that's hot
I doubt it for a moment. So sorry.
not looked at unrealeased yet bare with me ... joking tired
weak mentality
my mind apparently needed to give me one though
2 crackhead bitches
give me strength for today
This is so sad Alexa play Yeah! By Usher
follow me
not 2 be a h*t but this yoon literally took me 4 a walk by the river and we fed some ducks
i just booted up maplestory2 for the first time and i already know im gonna lose hours to this game
perhaps i miss ten and want sm to let him out of the basement
*inhales slowly* *sighs* fuck brother nature I guess, man
No can do boss that's a school night
Hope they drop GCF
Still Learning This Mad Difficult
Thinking maybe I should come clean about the things that have been weighing on my heart.
he's
Because of your sick?
You
i cant believe i hyped him up when i was there
university of washington is so pretty
imagine being as pretty as taehyung
I really be out here like
Never had so many Ls
uff i cant wait for friendsgiving
ah yeah the gold threads in it... can we get some f's
11. being alone in my room listening to music and texting friends
12. my anxiety and depression
13. being
Andy wants to be with his family in the UK. Nothing to do with the producers, really
take me back to the concert
2 bitch
I need a reason to get dressed up. I've been wearing sweats and my hair in a bun for months
These are all pretty great, but the first one sums up the last eleven years of my life a little too well..
seriously cooking some feel good comfort foods tonight and trying my best to relax, this has shot
Im so sorry Jenny
can i be added back into AOP gc pls
besides dick, i wish i was slurping on a cold glass of strawberry lemonade
ashamed to say that been watching the k**ping up w*th the k*rdashians marathon all day today. the old episodes were actually so good
hhh ur right i do suck seokjins toes
don't even know if zeus still loves me
hope your okay
Yes please
Not Winning United States
I felt this bro
JUST ME NEXT TIME
the since I
Yo I acc get scared when I see on my tl, always some sort of p0rn
i don't even know any babe here
probably like $50 now
i miss them i want them back
sorry
In so much pain with my hand why does fracturing your hand take so long to heal
you will never let me live im convinced of it
the whole time I thought my phone was charging well Bryson unplugged it
If I change my lineup be within 10 points of my matchup.
vete a stanear a bangtan
On God my cousin deserve that shit!!!
i wonder if charli would release her lil peep collab if mom approved
Honestly it's no more funny
It's just hate-filled ds days
raiders lost again ... their bye week
Just trying to give me girl baby fever but she say nah
Pls I wish, it be happening
My mama is on her way back home. back to being depressed.
It just feel right mate like we were even there to see them open for 1D every damn time and all
Fat and pathetic
i believe the big ass uwu
Refs screwed us on the TARGETING HIT AGAINST NST BAKER!
Refs cost us another game!
Sigh
HOW DO I TELL MY CRUSH I SANG HER THE WRONG LYRICS
I really be out here like
We let him down. He asked for our support and we let him down
i don't athlete students get a BITCH who owns a promo? i want this whole time
really missin nathan zed rn wheres that man at
tbh my dream is to take joon and tae to the pompidou
in sad i didn't catch any beldrums today
i was too tired to go pokemon hunting
Missing this one been too long without seeing each other. Can't wait to be able to see you, long distance
just when i thought i could trust one man.... brother nature me down
Some of still out here disrespecting uncut dicks
sorry for you loss, Himari-chan
Could really use a hug rn but only from trey songz
Less than 24 hours in fact less than 12 hours
Browns make me sad for the rest of the day
twich please
I used to think like this... Fell off somewhere coz it's a lot to think about
Somebody please go see this new Michael Myers movie with me
So sad that I never got bomb dick last night
is this because i said i love stressed out
y'all better not fire at me for this, it's just a j o k e
it's missing kyle spencer hours u guys
my favorite part is cut out tho
Just finished the final episode of adventure time and cried my eyes out gonna miss this show so much
i wanna miss out on the holiday.. but I stop staring at your face
gutted for him. Fucking unbelievable what happens to our players.
vamo gente
imagine actually having a girlfriend
i dont wanna go to work! i wanna sleep all day! i still have 2 days til im off
The prettiest baby
must be nice
the birth of the salamicon cult gc
life comes at you fast
yo ahi
stop i thought this was yoongi at first
Ik but bored
Sorry
They never how depressed she was until it was too late
speaking of white men. jesse eisenberg.
We're here for you...
FUCK man. Just when I thought we lose today.
answer
just your smol ol gay passing by
yeah im straight now. Im getting my prescriptions now
missing someone is the acc worst
I exposed both of us
My loss is nothing compared to the huge loss this world has experienced, by not experiencing...Dabi's plump ass.
god pit in that photo im physically shaking
why you so loud for i miss lucifer saying DETECTIVE
Yes tl without my tweets <<<
A doughnut would make me feel better
We're out of Doritos
Sorry to see your last end like this 'Nando But never lose that fighting spirit On to next week
Woke up with a drama. drama sa events and sa sc.
That shit crazy my nicca
those poor babies
Days like this make it seem like sometimes you dont get the bread... the bread gets you
lmao sis don't forget me when you're famous
There are tears everywhere and that was actually one of the hardest things
Sdds assistir Fred +10 com meu amor
hannah montana lying when she said perfect
You know that's the way it goes for the
I was takin a nap n my parents bed n I felt my mom kiss my head while I was sleep <3
i am a hopeful fool
seems difficult, good luck
done being annoying but i just want people to acknowledge zara. ruin my life goes all the way off
bday in 2 days vld rlly did him dirty w his bday art i expect tho
I got no shiny's either. But I am restricted to hotel WiFi and no pokestops nearby so that didn't help
well fellas, it was nice meeting you for few days. let me go prepare my grave.. please play blackpink see you
We live in the worst of times..
hi i need guys s0 plS aSsK me
I miss too; been busy though we are busy woman
me too
Ive already fallen in to deep im a lost soldier at this point been nice knowing this world
too much to ask but pray for at least a selca
ugh we stan a queen who moonlights as a JK fansite
been sick all weekend, I was trying but my body had other plans
Thanks I was about to be in my feelings
Its so so sad. Her pain can be felt in the words.
If only Doctson had speed
glad you also support gay kings
i wanna stay up to date with politics and shit but im also d*mb and understand anything
though far from home
/||\
in trench not alone
||
these
check DMs pls
if not one thing another
MOM I LOVE THEM
Try working 21 days In a row without any days off shit is physically exhausting...
My baby should be here with me
You right hard out here for a pimp, you know
You are so cruel The milk....
where is everyone i miss
Im glad and sad to see that cwalking is alive and well but just not in the states
I knew this was gonna happen to Brother Nature eventually only a matter of time before they
I really want a baby. but unfortunately humans reproduce asexually
back to studying hope I choke on my book
Phizzurp really gone
That ain't it. * in french for some reason*
I wish I could help.
Kinda sad that I take the opportunity to go to Jamaica. I been there right now
I always knew energy drink culture was the work of the devil smh
LEO ya seni seviyorum dedim o da gitti be aga
Fuck The Great Gatsby... I hate essays
~sigh~ do you ever just cRy
YOU MET HARRY? i wish
Can i be someone's happy pill for once?
damn it was once: leafy is here
but now leafy here
I took a different way home and it terrible.
still shocked I live uptown
the "not rich" one hit me hard
fockn laugh at me guy
music is so slept on
Home alone putting my summer clothes away and jamming to some music before my jog. Relaxing Sunday just how I like it
Well, at least you're not sleeping in a bus stop or McDonald's toilets. Been there, done that .
We live in a society
My bros sitting in a cell right now
i appreciate u lying to my face
i miss being in a relationship
i showed this to my friend and he said thats literally all iron man movies
we fORGOT HHHH it was a great idea until then
here go again bringing up shit from the past rip in peace
i miss it
I can go Wednesday after 3 when I get off of work
i love you so much wish we lived closer
why not bro
As much as your dimples are beautiful, your cheeks are not grab-able
im sorry
I wont give up on you, so dont give up on me, please.
ima get where i want to be one day and then ima flex on everyone that let me borrow $1 for the bus
ily both btw
it's 5 am so i think i'll be taking a short sleep.
Oh 30GB phone, I've deleted all my videos and photos that I don't like, even apps I do like. I have nothing more to give.
Maybe mine was the one that bounced back because I get an email
This time last year my life was so good and I was so happy with the people in it
saudades
Says the one who handed over the divorce papers after one little argument
I know I was lazy
we started off as close friends ...
Come on naci, why would I ?
voice gonna haunt me in my sleep tonight, so mid
grammar,, sweetie
True
It happened on Friday night.
The ball hit on the numbers
Full rest today!!! Good morning
nao
. how did this tweet happen ?
truly the cutest
oh no i just wanted 2 b friends w another astro stan
mais tu ouin
Trop tard
please?
She used to be so popular, now she's forced to swallow
i was literally just lurking on him last night and now this shit comes out
but that means I wanna hug you
who else thought for a second he was gonna scrumble that mf up and throw it
Same idiot , different day.
If this gc isn't lit, I'm gonna block everyone in it
have to try it but without shrimp
Nice,hope they listen to you. Unfortunately these are the type of ladies that get the most hurt
3 hospitalized, 1 deceased .. all in 2 days my nerves so fcked up rn ..
No one acknowledged this but I understand why
you never know which ones those are
I want to change my for some reasons, can anyone help me?
okay laid eases please go like it up
hello
Too sad all they can do is to Photoshop their lightstick with ours
my childhood crush <3
Oh no the screen?
Missing those United days
Damn she even reply we takin that L today boys
oof
I thought RJ got the whole bread? He witness more than us. Even in bedroom.
Damn rip
your sympathy is appreciated
happy for my friend David Taylor and sad for Fatih Erdin.
Day 2, Gold Final wrestling
Hhavsjsb thank you I sure hope so good luck to us!!
How long are you gonna stay in korea? :) already leaving i have school today
I love u so much I wish I could express it properly sorry
Tbh me too
At 13 years old I knew better. I would hope other 13 year olds did as well
Today is going to be a long day
Not today they ain't!
i love you too, thanks for everything
i love him too so much
All the time. It's so frustrating.
God this scared me
only blocked by one
do that at my work
Why did I think things would be different?
I even know myself
is a terrible disease
I think you are right.. I can order online I suppose
Aporofobia
What u do is such a summer song I wanna fly to a hot country now
my heart i was already going thru it
is hard to watch
is trash that game was a let down
pls it was so funny how zion had earphones in during m&g
he will haunt me all my life
Please step on me daddy
We tried atleast I got to see you after the concert ; I really wanted to go down to pit to hug
No peace and quiet in this house at all
I replay for the fans on that targeting call?
i hate how everyone hates on mans a genius and doesnt get the credit he deserves
Bijna 12 uur en nog steeds geen booty pics in
It really be like that
it's what he deserves all the love he can get
oh i wish i meant that too
I want [vegan] soul food
So sad, seems my Fitbit charge has died forever (ran out of battery and turn back on
I'm a shitty s.o
If there is one
currently in my binge watching rotation and now this happens
My heart cries for your pain.
cheers for a great meal chaps. Couldn't quite finish it though
tada my trash promo card team bc im tired of promo cards sitting in my memberlist
Really need to get over you
hurt what did I say wrong
Nobody safe aye man these animal lovers move different , this why i miss steve irwin
So bored right now. A blessing and a curse working on a weekend.
really felt this one
This it
Waiting for an update...
tell him baby
And going to Miami
Depressing nonetheless.
i'm so sorry for my trans mutuals who lives on USA... you are valid and deserve the better... i'm with you...
we will resist.
I miss my best friend
Oh well
just when i thought i could trust one man... brother nature me down
I'm over here just bothered how you guys struggle to watch your games and you wrongly accuse me of being mean.
Maybe he know you have feelings?? ....i trying to find the light here lol
wow ian. i always knew u were an antisemite but to do this so openly? what ever happened to solidarity
lee sooman pls give me a minseok pc when i get my album ive been a good boy and streamed love me right
i wanna pick up flowers with him
they liked my tweet and decided not to complete the mutual
good morning... let's get this bread
want to go to a halloween party but know people who like to have fun
just wash it like 930 times. i had to grab 15 soaked paper towels out of a urinal the other night so lucky
not a troll really sorry if I upset you
i really like skirts with boots but scared to wear skirts idk why
Sad to hear about Oscar. Maybe Jake's picking up on your feelings
new bollywood stuff is so tacky im
getting in my feelings again
I drank iced coffee a few hours before
ugh if i could just have a gf/partner with a big squishy butt i would spoil them so hard
sorry king
Stroman my nigga but he just not ready yet
stan twitter doesn't claim you
I thought when I unmute this, seesaw would play.
How does someone go from being your world to just someone you used to talk to??
just speechless. Jesus gave him money
Then i must accept it
Daddy/Mummy I have not been feeling fine. The Doctor said it's because I lack vitamins. I have not
oof a big fat mood i normally switch between crush on you and heartbeat
idk other dakotas
vida linda e perfeita
But sadly it will be ignored. May doesn't care.
Are you talking to someone Nah
wHY
a lot to deal with
lmao kidding, so kind uwu
Man i aint allowed to have any fun on twitter
Pressed
its my 4 year anniversary in 2 months
so sorry for your loss
my life is just endless shit. all the goddamn time.
missed u so much!!! u have no idea!!
laiss moa arnaker les gens sur twi
You live by twitter and die by twitter.. RIP brother nature
why did the house go to the doctor??
bc it had a window pane
watching wishing I was back doing a season in Napa not knowing what day it was
the more i actually think about it.. there are probably a lot of mini kmusicandblackwomen on this bird app
sim sofremos
I miss you, you dumbass piece of shit
LITERALLY TRIED JOINING A MINUTE AFTER IT WAS POSTED. No luck
i know they're not collabing with brockhampton but this is the closest it'll get
true. They are kinda dangerous and not worth the cool effect to have anyone get injured
I could never choose between these two
twitter is always fucking up my videos but you truly snapped king please vegas misses you
Fuck my bum ass knee
Just say you dream of jimin too
originality is dead my bro
pretty
Halloween is 10 days away and I still haven't gotten a spooky basket
shit cindy rly touched a nerve in me wif her haha tweet
Promise me a C9Jhin skin..Please I know you guys can win worlds
I want some quality chilaquiles
I PHOTOSHOPPED THEM FKDKFK cause im@broke & i dont have time to make ones
You didn't have to do seokjin dirty like that
guys can yall link me krbk and/or tddk mermaid au fics please i thought i bookmarked some but i was wrong
eu tenho um testa enorme
The real influencers where the ones present at Kigali
they don't deserve this disrespect
make it real challenge
Hakyeon!!! oh thank god smite me
i mean for this to be deep btw i started thinking about street poetry i just think funny
i was supposed to clean but. let me just rummage through my suitcases to find an outfit for tomorrow instead, it's cold and late.
I KNOW IM SO SAD i just want to see my kids again
I guess still learning
I am getting harassed by every time when I go on date with her in my dreams.
My body hurt and cramping, this just it
hope you are okay man
please put your seatbelt on
they post maloned the album
a ok
Okay so im dying my hair blue its been decided
praying for ur father to find peace i hope ur okay and dms are open if u need to rant to somebody
so sorry for ur loss
Going straight to work after playing d&d i dont wanna work
Damn i was 1 second late
come collect her
wheres my gf
i can vouch for this sometimes i forgot hes an ult
like perhaps
Woke from from a dream that i was dating the LOML from IG. Sigh
someone send me a stylist so i look ugly and basic asf at this funktion
but idk if the navy would look better on me
I'm so sorry to hear that condolence my dad also died when I was 10
I watched Halloween, watch it, literally the same thing from the old movies it even good
I dead just need a nap my head is pounding
issa joke come back
sorry
LISTEN. You shit... true
What's it like being in a new NFL stadium??
Miss you in San Diego
I hella lost my rings last night
last one in the whole store
i feel like shit i let my father down
MAS FOI UMA (1)
I hope so too. Keep us all updated for what it's worth, Sadie has had some crazy vomit/poop
well spam 4 spam
Derrick Sheppard
It feels so empty here with the bf on the road
sad .. and we were chill too .. goodbye i guess if you say any of this to my face and had to come
the truth
I need a hug from Anyta Francis
My weekends fly.
Namjoon will call me an ugly bitch
tyler
Ariana just posted this I hope she's doing okay
Yeah i know my face is forgettable jk haha thank you
mi msncano i the boyz
I took a break from work so I could go home and say hi to my cat and now I wish I could just stay home and fall asleep
up from my nap now i wanna go to the fair, i have no friends in Slidell
im buying a plane ticket to come see you. we need to be together again
look at his handsaansmmmmasm so tiny
I need some quick gfx because my computer working
1= one question ig,
I'm boring
Too much too late
Si tu comme tu oublies ton thread de khh songs
the light ruins everything
You know hurt hurt when you driving and you start crying
Sorry. Again.
Worth it! Even tho no tickets for Tuesday
You need to re release that old scrilla no cap
She tweeted since
guess the cold feet I got were the only cold body part you get to have
Can 2seok breathe together again i feel like i'm fading away
Right. But far too many people choose a perverted, ugly version.
such a fuck up
I'm sorry
Np (=
yeah i want a sugar daddy
It was not that deep anyway some people just try to find a reason to moan about our players
IM IN PERKINS YELLING ABOUT THESE
amiga to viciada... ugh
HOW DID YOU GET HERE? Get away from Missy she's an innocent one
I fear having that fear
He always butcher the last part But I guess he really has a hard time singing low notes
why is brother nature cancelled
Deadass some real cycle paths on this site
hahdhshs we should be hidden lovers from now on
Someone convince me to go to the gym
Really want to sleep
wish i couldve joined
be gay Become straight Date a woman do what is acceptable in society
I bought a ticket for Tuesday at 7pm, but I got excited because I thought I was seeing it today
what did uncle ron ever do to you?
meaner HAHAHA
i should be doing homework
At least one yuta stan got a win
Dbdklsls you mean the whole vlive where he imitated cute characters ?? So cuuute
i want that.
I'm truly sorry ,I really don't know anything about babies sorry
I came back home to see this crap?
this account is a mess wtf, i really wanna start all over again in other account but my mutuals won't follow me back
Where is the fun in learning?
When Brother Nature said Jay Z looked like a monkey I felt that
I have the worst luck in the world when it comes to my car
I have to agree
We go dey alright last last
Waaaa really?? ;0; I love how you say but I guess obvious
Cuma mau bilang kenapa yg pict awal vers ga ot9 sih
i even take selfies unless someone asks me to. wow not okay anymore
This hat is sexy but 40$
IM BORED AND COMIC TWITTER IS DEAD IN SUNDAYS
She lefts me on read for days right
no words
what's wrongg
Funny I have so many colours and I don't even have the colour I needed or wanted
sad I follow brother nature before he went private
I love you baby girl
The service was beautiful and it was amazing to be around so many ppl that love you.
im watching defenders and showing daredevil and my 3 year old niece goes ....i have failed her
omfg no IT ISNT ITS THE BEST SONG ON THE ALBUM
thinking about how some of yall be so hyped for an ot9 comeback but dont care about solo comeback
Wow. felt like this in a while
I'm so sorry. In college one of my friends lost her mom to this. It's horrifying
I thank my mother for my broad shoulders every day
Honestly
he was a nazi the whole time
/\
/ \
This be me
his pants are so ugly
Hope I win
ew you have a piss kink.? and what abt it
Damn someone rlly followed bts in Paris,, but Jimin looked so good
sad bc i'm gonna be at my internship when mono drops tomorrow
nooo say that cry i love your content!!! entertaining. please take care of yourself
never let alex cut his hair pls it looks so good on him
not
what. .. che ha la mia principessina?
too sensitive
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
I miss you too much to be mad anymore
stan list
How can something that makes you feel so good also make you hurt so bad
ofcourse this is high we are a match made in heaven
con inshot
My momma ate it all it was so fucking good I blame her
do us like that
I wanna see ptv live
sempre assim
Hurts to have your tweet stolen... but then you bounce right back
Or a snapchat girl in an Instagram world
you also call me a rat when we were saying bye
cold outside
My Halloween canceled this year
Every day im ridiculed for my past mistakes
It was good in summer but ever since school came back everything feels so depressing and shit
Mood
Why everyone hating on Brother Nature
Ouch. hey, we get enuff shots as is. Lol but you right!
AJGJH scrr
Eu tipo bem alto a dizer TA A DAR BTS, e as pessoas a olhar tipo wtf is that
Queria ter encontrado alguma
This tweet is just pretty privilege smh
i got woken up just during thr Climax of my dream fml
I wear jeans 100% of the time.
why did they have to steal one of the best emojis
I can't look at Basquiat the same after Year 9 art so much happened in that class.
o yoongi fazendo o hoseok rir
you are art
U look cute but I take u seriously because you got the lyrics wrong
Kacey is so cute love her
I truly lovr doctor who
im genuinely so scared meme aside i hope he doesn't hate me
I hate them too
i thought tell me to do it
babyy
i thought we said no targeting
I miss my mum so much
yes please
Sucks how insecure gotten
You shouldn't have to though!
Jealousy is so ugly! I haven't had it anywhere near as
Today is definitely not a good day to be alive. The streak is over
to apaixonada na minha lockscreen boyfriend material
can u tell her that
can harry stop wearing sunglasses i miss his pretty eyes
I just wanna be able to wear hoops in peace
this is abuse
A man like Paul please
I wanted chik fil a
Yes. My best friend many years ago. I carry him with me every day but I left a 4 sentence not on his grave many years ago
I really want a weighted blanket. But I also really don't want to buy it.
One of those days I question myself on why I joined
I immediately took off my makeup after these pictures cause I messed up my eyeliner
u only want me for my gifs
I want out of my funk
Fdss
yeah.. at least now i'll know to be more careful
you say "spare once and suddenly no one fw you anymore
missing you
All these Halloween activities & my daughter had to get sick & then get me sick
this was jungkooks asshole when he ate those spicy cup noodles
Thank you for your kind words
I'm never going to go to America ever again if this is true and happens, so much for being a country of freedom...
allow it pls
ok facts! at this point i might have to throw mine away
. wow your phone needs to fix their shit
know today was the last day for the fair
yeah the start of my period
I need tips on backward one foot glides
Constantly forcing myself to be okay for people when they need me but when I do it and I need someone I get left on read by everyone
theyre like 5 hours ahead of me so it works for me
grab this gluten
ended up not getting money
This bitch funny thats it im cuffin dat
back to the blue side
lang meron aq T^^T too broke to be a collector i want the black border one AAAAH
Oh Snead
My tiny husband even though like a few inches taller i most deff will look bigger than him cause of my build
dnd eu te amo
please tag me in stuff w my ults
But what did I do whatever I did I mean it I swear
So I guess everyone in the world is racist huh? Sorry little racist Poofles, my dearest hamster pet but going to have to put you down
Someone sent me this.... VYBZ KARTEL? GAZA KING? Oh noooooo chile... he let us West Indian barbz down
Sigh I wanna talk about it
Whatever I just wanna be friends with him now and he seem to be having it
shit hurts
Sad hours culture
*Tae breathes*
Us:
me
fuck sex can u stick around and not give up on me while i fix myself
That doesn't give me the yeehaws
I was about to laugh at this and then I remembered I have earlobes either
no
why i come up with a top 5 sgfg. i have 6 and trying to eliminate
u let a soundcloud rapper with 771 followers bust a minuscule nut in your hair
i want to cry i miss calum n michael
how is that possible HOW i want proof lemme reply to this with a picture
Lol, I'm still waiting to crack 100 points. It might be awhile.
bruh
$700 pretty please
me
Okay but now that brother nature is cancelled adopting canela
wrong with them
going to sleep waking up at six in the morning
Anyway. Good night all. Two days of training to do
omg please i'll send some of my puppy
It's funny how the mind tells the body to stop, when it's actually the one continuing the hope.
Just constant bullshit!
they used to do that in the usa xf like literally no mercy
do this
oh send it to promo
can't enter online for comp in morning anyone else having problems x
all men do is dissapoint sigh
youre gonna win
West end lion king was amazing I want to rewatch why do the tickets have to be so expensive
its over wit
Oh but when i do it everyone wants to attack me
I have minssugas and iminsuga
white house
Sigh
the mood 24/7
can someone dm me n help me pick a user pls pls
just go to sleep bubi
Sometimes you just cant tell someone how you feel, you can never really find the right words to make them understand.
Ate icecream, lots of popcorn, ramen! and coffee w sugar and 2% milk im sorry
finna stan kpop just to have interesting mutuals
karina is so beautiful i might aswell live as much as i can huh
Not in the defense
EBBTG deserves more recognition because that is a TRUE classic
Damn
Talked to after so long She is literally the most understanding angel on the planet....she
apparently the do
come outside king freezing
This really like me because rubbish at them, but I really could do with a hug right now
I have no one to do fun fall things with
blue side edits arenrt even the same n e more theyve lost their meaning
I'm sorry.
JOIN THE SAD WHIP CULT
you rlly tweeted this w your whole chest
worry, us Dems will screw it up somehow
thinking about turning into a mcflurry good morning
i really understand
why do you have to expose that all the onces i know are once-ls
3. kas really out here thinking Hoseok is a switch
Not terrible...just really bored
My pride too big
not looking to good for me with joining ok we will come back and grind harder
Thanks for not listening to me
in my room too
*whispers* forget
you tried
They calling us 8-12yo since 2013
We love a fandom who dont age exactly like their fav
Had a dream that my grandma was still alive, I woke up crying
when u say plox but no one gets it
how much yall wanna bet gronlandic edit & bunny are still somewhere in the set
I was working I was last month too
i wanna go out like this
omg. now an ex-mutual
Free
if you really loved me be here rn
A dream adorable
i just want someones son to call me promazing
No tengo chocolatito
It's the harsh reality of not having a normal job
Tea
Man, that the truth
Namseok deserves more love tho
bro i was rooting for him
underrated tweet cmon
pse
Day 294/365 and still no snow
djownfk its a joke cus i accidently slipped n told ciaran that we were girlhampton
it was between castaway and waste the night n seeing calum in the sparkly jacket sing it... castaway was found deceased
tears is the one song i never get on i've always gotta queue that queen
Chanyeol would never
They look so soft... I wanna hold
im depressed omg
your faves could never
When you're gone ..
The pieces of my heart are missing you
Stop spreading that video of me around woof
TOOO many suicides. I even wanna think about it
me when i see everyone in our second luke being cute n shit
thought u had that 20 min delivery smh now im salty and hungry
I get the impression he likes it!!!!!
they're so mean on there couldn't be me
Oh my. only read this now.
I had a look at her Insta and something she posted made me laugh and I felt like I was betraying myself
Aw sounds like a tough week, glad over, hopefully the next weeks are less stressful for you
Thanks for this mate! I hate 2-3-2
no te fies de alguien q rechaza ver the rocky horror
Samaje Perine and Adrian Peterson. On the Skins
me
Tab cruise after my rendu issa promise princess
PLEASE the truth
hes so tiny
One of these nights I wish I didn't check my phone when I woke up
Axel F
The guy really died? Wow!
I have never received this prize
Bueno
Why am I so nasty?
I really am
What did I say about those group chats?!
risking getting in trouble to open this
i am the biggest magnus stan how do i always get forgotten by everyone ajskdf
We goin soft Joon hours when mono drops I can feel it
You all already know what I'm going to say
I heard/saw saw it at disneyland and cried in line for Pirates... hahaha
got your work cut out for you.
I get so sad when people come over and eat all my favorite snacks like ??? ok ig
i just want to know what they're whispering and giggling about like are they talking dirty to each other or are
Damn my stomach was empty so not a damn thing
Haven't seen last week episode of yet!
Exactly my thoughts. I hate 2-3-2
i keep forgetting to check thise anonymous tweets and missing mine
mogu's the only changgu fansite I've seen that doesn't remove all trace of pigment they deserve more followers
Another lonely Fall, but your glow still shines
harry tweeted so much in 2014, I miss that
i thought you already had the 90+ now disappointed
bitch im actually so sad
tops who look like bottoms are valid my people need to be recognized
Nazi tweets
i know u didnt sit down... think this... and then proceed to tweet it
kpopies already left bc he is not shading bts anymore
we going saft (soft x sad) hours now
I just see why he always has to prove me wrong
styling my hair into a high bun is difficult when my hair is thick
My data will really go off now that nba is back
been feeling bad in my mind
Baby I like that
Niggas really be eatin ass with cooky as a companion
Omg not going to be able to stop thinking about this now. How sad
lutfen gucum ol
You faked us out
.. ..
So very sorry for your
Did you go to church today No
Literal hice eso hoy
I knew it was too good to be true
No
Ugh, she deleted it
bish what were u thinking?!?!? Always doing dirty to my boy
I know right! He dances too hard
i keep forgetting to check these anonymous tweets and keep missing mine
Try being a Giants fan ATM... I still have faith!
Oh well
Got this old Facebook... I regret every single post but I remember the username or password .. sigh
mads and I approve this message
if you followed sivcn or now troyeistrash on instagram i feel bad for your misery im sorry
watch the game
damn why give me that level of wingman
i just read suicide note again for the first time since it was released and i am sobbing so much
My heart..
ILY
shameful to turn on your loved ones over something you made up in your head. No proof. Just a thought you came to. so annoyed man
Nick is short too tho
Hopefully I'm still alive by the time the Redskins have a good team
Omg this song is so beautiful
How much longer can I actually cope with this
Ay Agus!
I'm in Houston all the time and never think or have time to stop at a Whataburger.
please be with the sister squad begging
bras are shit,,that's why
ily
so wild yet sometimes I ask myself if I can fit 12
she does this face every time i call her just trying to be a good daughter
thanks
Got a headache
triste amgo
A Fran si lo he visto pero a ti, no. Y a Sweet California tampoco. Lo por internet.
Soy erre pero no tengo shishis!!!
you supposed to tweet it at her not me
can't believe i'll be stuck in the middle of taking an ap human geography test when it drops
I wasn't ready for Moving on extra soft hours but here we are
Hmmmmm... why
She definitely won't chose Akeem
I might have to, its sad my feelings worth not even 150 to her
going to wear only undupable ones
I wish I had NBA League Pass.
believe ignoring u needs so much effort than talking to you.
I really really DONT mind that you keep adding to this.
I just mind that i have to see the foot prison mod every time
he thinks I'm going to waste his time
This the dance you doing now huh? Knew damn well I recorded that convo
hi not mutuals but gorgeous thank you for these
I'm mad though because at first I was like....maybe this my chance!
then I realized it wasn't.
Honestly miss so much it hurts
Millano is tired huns need to show value though
so heart broken my Bentley Rae has liver failure. She is only 7 and the pup is my best friend.
you right sorry for ignorant all the luv for you <3
I thought you could maybe share this. It's absolutely heartbreaking
well duh you did tell me to never wake up last night
i just want to hug ten right now
oof give it to me juseyo
same that shit hurted when i saw that you put hearts next to my name
Me too! Probably until late 2019
My Polaroid really isn't working no more and I bought all these films for nothing
listen not MY fault everyone gets killed off i am the true victim here
9. i let small things frustrate me
bitches be loyal to a pfp, how they gon be loyal to us?
not bout getting married bro, bout staying married..
So bored...
i believe been writing aus since may,,,a lot of them were so bad i feel sorry for those who read them
women rascha women
oups.......
It's okay
I hope you know i would die for all of them
She's gone.
ofcourse unnie i have to cheer myself up
I waited in line for over 8 hours and they were only at I was so I sent in a video
who knows your dad knows he go without a fight my
well,,,, i like groups from other companies too tho
why are u leaving
i just had a fat two hours nap and im surprised . i barely take naps i must be real tired
Taeil no you're the best vocalist out there wdym?
some points were made i had like 8/9 favorites i pick from but all of these make me feel nostalgic
maybe i love you tf
,I wish that too
Never wanted anything so badly in my life and knowing never be able to have it, is such a killer
Avro being a gay once again
give a acc on Netflix
a babe that ignore my ass
how do you explain to a little boy his granny is in heaven I just have a clue
nah TL be the same
Got lucky with genetics
I really be out here like
I'm supposed to be at pumpkin patch
It was such a hot clip too oh well
really out here hating on avocado huh??
sorry sweetie that ur tastebuds so trash Alexa play sum sad shit
this is my life.
Here we go... missing home again.
I miss cherry bomb era
is there ANMY thing on hulu or netflix bc this girl is bored
why is everyone ignoring me rude
I Miss My Brothers Seen Them In A While
Thank you lovely! I just wish I had read up BEFORE needing it
You beautiful and smart Tamara remember that i failed maths twice not smart
be like that
I never told you that you were lying, hyung.
why is everyone tweeting about being ignored
i wanna go to a pumpkin patch
we really out here !!
The first location is the Lakeville one and we just finished our 9th year. Unfortunately we no longer have the challenge
He scaredy cat
The Train to Busan is a great movie but made me emo just like most other movies I watch nowadays
at least u talked to him, that's more than i could have done
i miss hearing hasm cover the chain
If I have any followers who hate multistans/kpoppies then you may unfollow me cuz I dislike people who dislike me
thank u queensus
i hope tht happen
please my lungs r reminded of how they nearly busted
Oh no....... Just go to eBay and search Katiebugs Bandanas.
The guy at Starbucks just broke my heart
If only Chelsea had an immobile
Where here
RISK IT ALL FOR U DUDE. ILY SO MUCH
i hate myself for laughing a little
first of all my favourite
I just wanna get thicker in the right places
what is he so beautiful for
box ru cowboyphobic
Me haces sufrir
haneul has to stay with me due to some circumstances and we will be hiking a lot...
yes
Starting to see how sly Akeem is!
the size difference
i hope so i have to travel 2hrs because this is literally north to south ahsjsjs streaming exo vids otw lol .
I have worms
me waiting for the ikea couch i ordered for my new apartment
yoongs has the whole universe in his hands
im scared of sloth
like this to be in a orbitzen gc because my current one is dead
- stan loona & nct
- be active
if this flops
When you want to do something but fear overpowers your genuine desires
its also bc locked myself away to write this fucking essay
It was you it Jordan
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he SPIT on
i wish
True
I KNOW OMG i mean that was the comparison
i want a glow up like minghao... but I don't have money
STOP CAUSE EVERYONE THINKS I HAVE A DICK NOW
im scared this the jacob we know and love
But thanks for the advice, the guy I'm talking to agrees with you
damn....brothernature
Me too like the gay gods sat there and didn't bless me. Even gays are homophobic
this really deserved better
thank yOu
damn not that deep issa joke but u show that video to one of ur mutuals
weekends are way too short
How many times am I gonna keep tricking myself
I can not say
Always grateful. RIP
missing STS jams that I never went for anyways
I- I'll probably draw nohyuck sooner or later just...nahyuck has my whole heart
me too
Me but I think im late.
the man who owns my heart
Tapha Niang
lee is abusive as shown here
ur not intomaidatinf at all ..
joon clowning i think
My baby just turned 12 & super emotional about it
I miss mom
i can relate life hates me..
g mal
been sick for weeks
Have you ever been mentally and emotionally tired, that you no longer care what they do? That's me RIGHT now
how can i provide u with a manual when im suffering too the americans and canadians have had weeks
it was so amazing i miss it
The standard really be God now
proof bottoms have no rights
you always get sick hun
if it makes you feel better i voted sub
Damat
he refuses to
The only incel I support
Only 10 days till home away from home
I like mullets but exo can make it work & they do look good but prefer if they have it hdhdjd
So not ariana? I was for real hoping it was ariana
underwater y heart attack
Ohhh ok I see. Damn. crazy.
yes
Alright why am I ugly and not pretty ???
Its bc of my singing I knew it
And here's what that dudes "vagina" probably looks like. Im so sorry for showing this to you
i found so many twink louis pictures but idk which to choose for my icon
ya ves
THATS THE JOKE
"I wasn't expecting that". Gets me everytime
Me gusta mucho
i have a thing for dna era jin
more times than the nuggets they give me
And they wonder why we have high tops - emotional distress
u just replied
n- nan stp nini tout sauf
Tia lookin like she going through it rn she even got a glass of wine
when Mono drops gonna be in school and gonna be a chaos on my tl
Hope u catch a wave off his b
I stopped for Shake Shack
jokes on them, i was just chasing you with an axe. currently a stan virgin.
Tyron Smith not so elite anymore
I'm a little bit stupid ahahah, but i'm actually a good hearted girl
And tell is real that Hoseok
Callad y tragad.
i did not even as u say it
bish all the damn time h. imagine when it gets animated
Broganes
Why do sundays go by so fast??
when you crack your knuckles too hard
Idk what I should feel right now.
this could be the start of something new
My first comeback with exo and I actually started to cry when I saw yixing pop up in the teaser
Why am i still up? This is torture.
carbon roller is terrible in sr
When you decided to stream but then work was like Nah. You gon do
Is it Wednesday yet???
who you crushing on no one
minha princesa
aw I bet cute
Disappointed
aWH get well soon bitch <3
And here we go ahead
"@M_Alp34: Damat
I'm not feeling good today.
White ppl
pls help no home to pick it for me
Idk just not feeling it right now
Sorry for your loss Hoax <3
Lool let's not go there
Sadly there is a limit
Did you see what happened on that Ryanair flight today, it's still going on
Ayyy matteo cuando estaras aqui?
I wish I had the confidence of a middle aged man that drives a Volkswagen Polo
I think I'll just skip that a sleep for a week or two
What House?
So sad
say that ewww u are perfect okay and jung fckng hoseok is the most beautiful human alive just- wow-
They all going out of town i have to work
i literally cant ready anything... great tops are meant to stay alone
your so cute
I'm sorry you're having one of those days I hope it gets better *hugs*
im like 156cm ugh whatever im close enough that counts as 160
I won't use washroom a night before exam. Pharma nikal jani ha..
I wish I had the confidence of a middle aged man who drives a Volkswagen Polo
people tagging their friends here bitch y'all better tag me on a taehyung version
my heart rn:
It make a lot of sense I explain
sorry
Me neither oh well at lease still SEEING THEM LIVE!!! Is this your first time going? It is mine
Damn. More injuries. Still no TOs on D.
a third type: those who are person A to some, and person B to others.
My roommates still have the air condition running and fuckin cold
there r 10 more months in a year that they can choose from
Eu sei....
only just watching last nights I put my finger on why, but Lewis is starting to annoy me love Cameron
Sometimes I feel that way!!
no lie i need some
I am shitting myself
i literally read anything... great tops are meant to stay alone
what's my name
Idk who 27 on the 49ers is but done for the year. I felt bad watching him fall like that straight back on his knee
The injuries suffered this year have been devastating! Looks to beqnother serious one with Colbert! That looked scary!
. Sex drive on A ROBBERY PUT THE DICK IN THE BAG
get to it eventually, i have like 3 groups ahead of them in line
skksks I REALLY DID I knew I have clicked that rabbit video
so I'm funny bunny in this f* world
I really wanna know also
still upset that no more on the setlist see ya boys later :)
try
Ankh bhar ayii was missing you earlier
some sushi right now
had to change my pfp to him ... deku imsorry
continua fofa
cuz weak
Wth?! This is inhuman.. Sorry you have to see such thing..
I just want my boys to be happy
I tried. Think positive. arghhhhh!
Anyone have a link to the full hd black or white jikook performance
39. going to school
At this point seriously hurting
*sighs* at IG story
im not beautiful
Anxiety sucks
Please...
i forgive you
how do u get these
It evolved
I was just listening to this omg I wish it had a choreo, I need miss Choerry and miss Hyunjin to come through
anon is wrong the girl u love the most ,, her name starts w j and ends w y okay joy i love u too
I actually be able to make it
I love it too the best family
Baby tiger clawing at the screen
PLEASE
Damn today sucked.
i literally find one does that mean i dont have a soulmate
Same
I Miss Living Here The Westin Charlotte
Jamie with her 14253 acc
eu tbm
EU NUNCA AMEI TANTO UMA MUSICA OBRIGADA
yall really bashing me as a dom uh? i knew trust doesnt exist in here
I still think they should've included Best of Me and Pied Piper into the setlist
but i hate the MasterCard Prince commercial.
It is world top 100 (outside usa). Now that GD world top 100 is no more a mess...
aquarius dont deserve this
ilyyyy school is literally kicking my ass i want to have a stan twitter comeback imy
I need more time to sleep
Wish this true
give us another solo album what the ppl deserve
I had to go fast or they'd steal my idea
Very sad indeed I used to have many friends in Austin. After I
QED, follow!
shameless self promo
our boy jin is getting the happiness he
Wish I could be a Full time Streamer/Content Creator...
remember how a few years ago I cried because I had the same birthday as
she spelt your name wrong shes a fake wife
Guess ugly and a horrible person yikes
Bobrisky actually being a philanthropist..
Nigerians should start seeing the good in people
we gotta pay bts' bills
I feel sorry for my babe sometimes mcm mna la dia bole than dgn sikap aku yg ego and too pride. Asal gaduh dia jk mgalah
It was actually Patrick Henry
relate
when u wake up and dab and whip and dab and whip then naenae
ass flat yea i know
i already know what ur gonna say
was really hoping Patryk Jaki would win.
He's also a Liverpool fan
Why does lil wayne look like a bacteria now?
Seeing my dads house being redone will forever be a constant reminder of what I always wanted & never got.
Honestly dont feel as important or loved anymore that what happens when you make a mistake. People start to look at u differently. Fml
I just need to cry but the only person I want to cry to is my dad. I hate that not here.
someone come over bored
His face is so beautiful it gave me a headache
pretty sure cursed. I start shark every time I go on vacation. Looking forward to cramping all week in Vegas.
okay
how do i walk 3 dogs at the same time when 2 of them hate my dog
woiiiii you sket, go suck off the Oompa Loompa looking ass president
I really want you to come back
Maybe if your faves could do this this mess be happening
i wouldnt know
Sorry I missed you! I was scanning name tags for Chelsey Anders but didn't see you Glad to
right salty af but Friendsgiving is going to be lit
I real fed up
o hoseok rindo do yoongi
i was gonna grab a fucking slice of cake when my uglyass family came in
this is america
bro deadass got a bad handwriting
Aw I live in Canada
That feeling when slipping
the fav option?
happy for my friend Geno Petriashvili GEORGIA and sad for Zhiwei CHINA .
Day 2, Gold Final
hey, not easy okay
google told me its from sucking so many toes smh i shouldve known
Wow, you tell your sister adopted and suddenly the bad guy.
i want fried rice this is america
why tf people always hurt me
Pray for real madrid
Not colbert
yews
im playing this mobile version of touhou nd GOD im getting my ass kicked rip myself
About to go watch Halloween ALONE since all of my friends have already seen it without me, thank you bye
He wasn't in Jessica Jones season 2 enough!
my pussy lowkey kinda confused by this
honestly all I aspire for my life
There are a lot of shitty people in this world
I almost bought a dirt bike today then I realized gonna get cold soon
minds bout to explode
KSANSBAKSMA I was going through in my early teens.
i have chinese school on sundays but i also take chinese class in my high school so i can do AP chinese
I want this weekend to end.
Somebody watch scary movies with me
right
Have you ever had a wedgie just in your literal asshole
you owe us the cost of a few It sucks. sorry.
I don't usually drink hot coffee. But I think with my 3hrs and 30mins sleep, it'll help.
i cant sleep and i feel super down
good thing i was supposed to see brockhampton tonight but too sick to go
thinking of you...
This game type boring
I wish I wasn't in such a depressing mood today
they always say yeehaw but they never ask haw yee
i missed the falcon anyways will ferrell can always be counted on via ryan's ig story
It played out so well in my head, I forgot about the reality of the situation.
fuck u exposed me
my hair was like passed my boobs
Winter is coming
I hope ggu will go back to his original hair colour soon. The thought that his hurting makes me sad
I want to see you I miss you so much
When ppl actually dm me im like
but u end up talking to the most boring person ever sorry im like
Why is it always to
Why is it never
I just want her to blow my dick like a dusty Nintendo 64 cartridge
Can I just fall asleep
I really want to learn how to speak and write Japanese. But not sure if I could afford the classes
really sad.
50. i watch k dramas
Good morning
but pretty
i guess neither can tate
I miss you dad.... give me sign around pls
Why do I always lend out a hand but it comes down to me nada...... sigh I will never learn.
all these boos-> , and still single
Unless Mike Parr, not interested
tired of getting this bread
so sad that brother just disabled the comment section just now bcs of hate comments he received from karmys
Emotionally fragile af tonight
2nd half TD streak over
what did chanhee do to deserve this
Cursed image....thanks for beating us Cam
oh no
hi renshinators please ask me questions
yes we did but i have enough faith in sm to think actually put him in the teaser
One of those thing after the types of weeks.
the yeehaw has finally been defeated
When will it be cold in Miami!
don't be homeless buy a house live in it
This. Their message? Better dead than take an opioid.
Oh fuck. Grad das hier gefunden, evtl hilfts?
If the normal startup doesn't work, perform a
I feel Ya Pam I feel like it's just a routine now to represent something I love but see no future
But I am so festive
minecraft porn and dick cheese is less fun
You will be missed..
hiii i need this i lost my lapis lazuli bracelet
Okay lads am gonna go schleep cause am a fucking toddler and I need to go to school tomorrow
I love Erin, my
This the new era
adorable and talented
I gone to church this morning
Portuguese princesses/queens who married Spanish princes/kings knew what the fuck was up . I feel you sisters
I hate this new washer an dryer combo
I feel so guilty because I won't be able to join tomorrow's live, please forgive me
Awww I miss Merpug, too
Mianhe eomma
Still have my pictures and notes from the super collider in Texas. We lost.. but this preseason has really
I'm trying my best to keep quiet
realized I spent *significantly* more time on an assignment than everyone else... should really learn how to read instructions
she really should have
I wish I was better t giving advice feeling totally useless
True and true
Saying something and the public taking it out of context or probably bout how trash talking idols
Who gonna watch mid90s wif me
thatdudedick: Slight cause so slept on
Shame St Anns & Stroud Green was a nightmare
Must've been a very hard day.
do yall ever take a 2 hr nap to flex on nct
Yeah as I recall she basically just sits at the conn in Cause & Effect. She deserved far more screentime
we full on taking u out on a date with jimin
secret what??
owl overrated fucbois jebaited long have we waited junkrat onetrick activated
when have i not been w u
The urge to ask her how her day was going by or is she feeling any better.. I know.
bittersweet the Texans keep winning cuz only gone make McNair keep
i want pho
JAMJAMPICS: we full on taking u out on a date with jimin
secret what??
this tweet only got one like, it must not be true
the point ...
Life is so unfair.
so upset rn, fucking Brother Nature has disappointed me tweeting late but known since earlier
Same
State of those buildings you can almost imagine what they been like indoors
i guess i can't oppose then
chat noir don't you get tired of being the love of my life
am i lucia approved now
estoy soft
Goodmorning
sorry i was too busy watching my fav youtuber
so sorry for your incredible loss
only watching this for starfire tbh
My life so unexciting ridiculous
I wanna take a nap so bad but too late for that
I did not do that
Somebody come look at this homophobic pussy
That is not a Chefette Moos
No way to watch the game
wanna get back into tarot card reading but only done them on myself and i forgot deadass how
Wish I had a father/daughter dance but this so cute
Dos en or
Rip Jamal thank you for trying
stoph
it really be like that
working on some new art... still a work in progress
gonna get arthritis is my hands by the time done my eyes are already burning from the computer screen
I caught the last 10 minutes but my husband downloaded twitch to the console so I can now watch
turns out you a warrior sorry you have 1/300 likes to go
we full on taking u out on a date with jimin
secret what??
Me relating to Taeyang in my own au
you're right i can't say anything
sorry but when I remembered face, break my heart sad and hurts
neil and andrews couple phones made their appearance
Does anyone know the full story
No
It was seemingly good ratings for a horror so I was expecting to get something more like the vvitch
CAN WE BE BEST FRIEND I LOWKEY WANT TO BE FRIENDS WITH YOU SO BAD BUT YOU DON'T EVEN FOLLOW ME
first brother nature now me these hispanics getting out of control
I hate periods
*sigh* Life can be a b****
hey i miss u
stop lying
someone PLEASE tell me the name of the girl with short hair
i miss my old account
tbh I even remember who?? I think angie and she even stan?? I just wanted to know but
Submitting sangria wine for a Grammy got Oomf dragged. Wish she didn't do that.
Amazon job commercial on the radio station my dad's listening to. poor souls who get stuck with that
Try reading fiction instead. It works for me
I believe and both got exposed in the same year this is so disappointing
This is really sad
ouch, stop with that,, im still feeling dumb for not watching ocean's 8, book club AND NOW a star is born.
i changed from a dark layout to a happy pink layout. my personality af
still didnt cook
When is Rana back? This 6 week cruise is dragging into its 8th week now
I thought about it and I'm sad i got jealous cuz i actually really eanna see that exhibit hahaha we did have a
and I tried to attempt lucid dreaming and I think it work bc I visually imagine
can never please everybody
UR KIDIDNGN . UR ACTUALLY JOKIIGN. CIGARETTE daydreams is my favorite song
The have ruined another Sunday night sleep.
Why do they get so close?
missing tommy and her babies already
sorry that happened it have to. This should be safe and happy place
ugh you know
I'm a sinner.
Thinking of whether to get another tattoo or go for belly piercing? Ugh.
beyond is so good why does it still only have 1m views
homeless and broke
craving doughnuts so badly
sorry plan out a movie soon, I promise
left yet and already sad
oh i forgot to add a signature--- whatever..... just remember me for it
i talk all confident with sex but when the time comes nervous for the first 30 seconds
im rly tryin to learn them but im so bad at learning groups
outta blunts
I have a song list of those
he's so cool HOW
can you like. not be my carbon copy for 0.3 seconds so i get spooked everyday
Mon mec a dit non je envoie pas
Man that nigga was a child crazy how his bag bout to stop cause of that
Joji: h-
Teens w/ hoodies and checkered Vans: so underrated
he was so close i miss it
'Brollipop' Please he's so cute Hobi come collect your kisses
JDJWJDJEJFEJRJ JR no te creas esos tweets y yasta un besito
I WISH it snowed here
disappointed in us kingdom
Ugh
my birthday is two weeks from now
i miss you sexy ronald mcdonald
maybe they did it before going to Japan? ugh I have no idea I just want something new
please ion wanna see your nudes. i think TAMU accepts this behavior.
nothing is more disappointing than when you try to call in your kill streaks but the air space is full from your other kill streaks
nothing more gross than posts that go never know what someone is going thru and then they posts a
I know baby I hate them too
muito triste
omg i didnt know i was mutuals with the queen of genovia your highness
Second-guessing a lot of things; is this a test or a sign?
i jus want a gf dat look like alice cullen
LMAOOO she got a Twitter
one of ur followers
.@thisissigrid why do u follow trump
"salve o Corinthians.."
My feeling really hurt
BL did this to me
i spoke very bad spanish to a customer who couldn't speak spanish and she looked at me like i was crazy
what ab 4ouethan
Sick of having sex all day just want sumn real
you just give me the vibe of wanting to protect you
not going anywhere
War starts today
it was hard to narrow down
Dogs chew everything!! Including my invisalign thank gawd it was time for a new tray anyway
Now Brother Nature is on private
tired of spending 600+ on shoes
She is so disappointed
unfortunately i do
yo my irl friends are never awake at this time
Yes, very sad and Hawaii is suppose to be one of the most beautiful places
olsun
tim hortons give me a matthews hockey card challenge
His choker!! He looks like such a little twink I HAVE to nut on his face
I keep thinking about what I want to eat when I get home but nothing I get to eat nothin
Please play in a horror I know you were already in 5H but..
the bom suit will forever be the best suit
brother disabled the comment section bcs of karmys dropping hate comments on his yt
Omg I just want to give Pete a hug
h- h- hi
do this oomfies
you intimidate me.
i wanna be your friend.
you're my friend.
you're my crush.
you are a fallen soldier
I feel for Johnny and the affect this has on his beautiful family just all so senseless and vindictive
Damn I just Missed one of my October's unforgettable moment with them
My neck hurts so bad
Oh too far
fairy and fire type
I tried taking pics but
the amount of striped shirts i have is embarrassing
But a short king
damn I guess a white woman sometimes
It took for me to drive to two to realize that Sunday
nothing more gross than posts that go never know what someone is going thru and then they posts a
Aweee! Miss you more guys! Huhu kung pwede lang jud mo dal-on dre hahaha
this is my home screen and lock screen i have an editing app for an hour and suddenly 2016 tumblr
Damn he got me there
been 5 minutes lightning mcqueen card revoked
Feeling very low tonight
I though you supported me and my faves
jimin wanting to be held by joon
Leave it to me to be the one balling my eyes out at the airport
Where can I see more of your drawings? I miss them
Tonight has been an evening of missing him
I just read the tmz article. So many ignorant, inappropriate & hateful tweets This sucks
Went to the store for batteries. Left with $50 worth of shit
the meaning behind my username - idk i just rly liked it
groups i stan - idk i stan dnp
he's testing us
can i send asks about other boys or just dice im late but send abt any boys and if you include you get cookies
absolutely gutted that went home tonight! Sad to lose an amazing person with an amazing voice!
take me back to America
Not anymore
Everything was going so well
im following both can i have a shoutout to my youtube please
Nakakamiss maging cadet officer. Yung down ka sa umaga tapos itatanong mo lang "how's the weather" after non okay ka na ulit.
i will once im off dm limit
Sometimes I see namjin on the tl and I rt for nini to see but then it turns out the one who put it there to begin with
such a perfectionist that I imagine he
6:30 am calltime noiceeeee late na naman ako what's new
we full on taking u out on a date with jimin
secret what??
Good times *sigh*
that sounds so good
NOO knew his name but not what he looked like
how i want how i am
to be vs
marty
In order to ship version 10 soon, I have need to descope this
While testing I ran into cases that would
that like
6. TTU cause I love me some angst. Those vocals are hauntingly beautiful
Idk why i made a cc nobodys gonna use it anyway
but not for long
I am so gutted I was going to tag you in this but I saw you already liked it
just stating facts
Yea I think imma go back to bed , this game is not the business
there can only be one frog in this swamp, my friend this means gonna have to battle to the death
now to be anxious and impatient while we wait for the results
not what you think
Joji: h-
Quirky teens with checkered Vans: So underrated
perhaps i wanna watch kekkai sensen for the third time and kuroshitsuji
Had so much fun last night other then the fact I broke my phone
always been stuck between lua and lucy as weme bias i need to figure it out hh
Don't have a group buys
I just want to give Knox a sibling
ok being told trgt is actually a great hangout by multiple people so i have to assume none of u have hobbies
i can never find an army that lives around LA this is so sad alexa play despacito
shawn had such a tragic past glad doing much better now
Night buddy thank you for popping to the stream just came 3rd best so far tonight lol
she is
Hablar con betty me hizo llorar
Exactlyyyy Maggie wanna make me one
unfortantly
i'll hopefully be getting a new phone on friday. so i'll be inactive until then.
5. TTU cause I love me some angst. Those vocals are hauntingly beautiful
love is like a hole dont fall so deep in... to the point where you can't get out
No one ever said he was washed but he that MVP D rose
I hate feeling super emotional and super depressed
turns out my dad canceled my delivery to get me chicken
gonna log out for like a month. hope support my decision. miss you guys
Sometimes you have to be a goner to be loved
the disrespect from my own child
I imagine how many poems written for different girls
Same
the past three days have been packed full of absolute time wasters and bullshit. someone give me hope
no one wants to go with me
lets suffer together
Watching the " Rosa " episode of " Doctor Who " it seems attitudes haven't completely changed over the years, very sad
either caught a cold or fall allergy season is here
This is mine and baby
SU VOCECITA SUENA TAN TRISTE
love yourself
Nose highlight looks cute on everyone but me cus I got a thin pointy nose highlight makes it look ugly pointed
half a heart still makes me shed a tear
thank you, lovely
[update chara] JAMJAMPICS: we full on taking u out on a date with jimin
secret what??
nothing to so many of you
He also wants to call the midterms meddles with if, as it seems, dems do well
yo...... te amo
tough
we all lose
Damn hurts me to see that
thanks (and bowser) for believing in me
Honestly going to work rn really hurts my heart
I want chick-fil-a but I just remembered Sunday
so.... burn the stage screens for only ONE (1) showtime and its on thursday. nice. i cant go. n i c e
same gonna have to eventually get that bread for this stupid white man tho
baekhyun's hair styled like that is cute
omg I hate boys but so cute
I want to be an adult no more
No wacho, les fallo
Tu trahis
hoseok hold hand
I look skinnier but I weight the same
My back hurts
Just when things are getting good everything falls apart..
so hungry and I have to wait another 30 minutes until my moms finished work
just always ready for a good time ya know
I sure am only lasts for the length of a song tho
been studying since 1pm and I still have so much left to review
what happened
Bitch I'mma permanent Lesbi for her and that's the tea
opposite of the grind
I am sorry for your loss i even imagine how you are feeling rn now...
It was a tragedy
okay but these are really good what editing app are you using the talent jumped out
yes its def not coming in 2019 and i feel like make sense to air with free s4 since both anime started around the same year
on airport run and not even watching the 49ers game... but twitter comments are making my stomach hurt!!!
You Really Jacking You Fw Me Now I Feel Like You Never Kept It A Buck With Me
Wow this sun and moon concept
the sad reality
wait is kees bias jimin or tae confused
I wanna social life. Guess we always get what we want now can we.
rip chato
maybe go finish them two stories of mine on ao3 from 2016
Ok done. Sorry
He takes my phone and takes selfies
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
i stop thinking bout dis
say bc everyone probably including you is up her ass. literally
epiphany
i just liked fit oomf on tinder and it a match
we will never forget you. have fun in heaven .
It was 90 today. I almost passed out from being outside for 3 hours in that
long day at work, come home & my son is not here!
free bi
Canela catching all the strays
Why is it always to
Why is it never visit
so sorry here for you if you need anything!
Everybody is sick rn fam
the sad reality.
This be in my phone
Thanks baby girl.
I told David we could be Tana and Michael for Halloween but he know who Michael is
Loona at the mtv awards oh wait the North Korean government kidnapped them and took them back to North
pay you a penny if you block me
nunca teve
35. since february of 2017
Gonna lose all my streaks if friends don't reply
went to the fair this year? MBN.
A Ty Dolla $ign and Jeremih collaborative project??
I'm not ready to become a dad yet..
Sigh give me some pics
Did someone miss me?
I missed you all uwu
my wall is still looking hella bare
; Currently missing my grandparents more than anything
Is it too late to quit?
It is okay erin,it is okay
These all look amazing! Sorry I join this week!! next week tho!!
My aunt really be on my head
10 days to Halloween and I still been murdered
Overwatch has become a game where fun to watch, but goddamn awful to play
When u been a side chick for so long that you dont even know where to start I don't even really want a boyfriend.
I so sorry to hear that's awful
jimin was like f this ima bout to slap this shit
Yesss always strolling around London. Shonda Rhimes made him unemployed
Bro come on this isnt fair
I have any hood rat friends I am the hood rat
Asmaa is only my sister for the clout smh hard being famous guys.
I want to listen to music but I figure out my mood
Ughhhh I hate THISSSSS. My twitter feels so empty:,( I lost all my mutuals no yee haw today I missed out
idk what im exposing im simple
I want to apply for new mutuals but
too bad ya go in de back in black rock
im disappointed in them both
My died and I'm sad that I won't get all of my fitness points. At 800 doors, that's a lot of points.
she's the only one who cares
plus for shipping
brother nature,, wow im disappointed
I'll miss you babe
Yeah I know
If only HOTS was vegan...
Hold up I may have wrote that
I would take this sweet pup in heartbeat!! But I live too far away and I do not have a fenced in yard. My kids
i was our with my family yesterday and on my phone
So true, going through clinical depression right now
Luna= Libs
a nice person anyways my lonely ass just wants a damn boyfriend
Please play Grant
Thanks for thinking about us
Gave up the lead and got hit with the clappers
IM SOREY...
te amo mucho mi amor
Man hungry like 99.9% of the time
but i did, you home
Due to lack of government support? We need a new government
Jaguar boss says
I want to help but I do not know if you will let me.
my fault i'm doing the au very slow
10/10
layout 9/10 just because i like white headers
bio 9/10
I was here ofc. I wish I known you were coming.
always getting killed First in the mafia game
Entertaining jake paul
i would've been the biggest cum slut for my brother and dad
one of the remaining 10,000
tacos apson would rip my tastebuds or intestines like this
sorry dear
QUERIA UM ARRASCAETA NO MEU TIME
These essays going to write themselves
i was finna say omg love u still
Wow Savs you could've told us...
I hope migrants will children cross to the US. For the love of your children please cross. Not illegally
i miss us so fricken much hi
hit me w ur nub pls
tacos apson disrespect me like this
i'm in love with her
u love me
you see that namjoon photocard life really aint fair
im still waiting for listen before i go
only Akin and Montana can relate
yeah anon what DO expect
I breatged
I wonder if you have my name saved with hearts too sometimes
i just wanna know when barbers will start posting their clients
same my allergies kicked in BAD
me
Heres the love and attention u wanted u should cuddle me in return UWU I GIVE YOU CUDDLES xo
Sigh.. Ahree.. I know better man, you let me down enough times
Watchin AP run wild missin ajayi Blount shady n Westbrook days...........hits jay
i can send you my bookmarks if you want
I left a piece of my in Georgia today
HAGAHSHFG but anyways obvs i get your point lmao at this point i think my classmates will just be like what a surprise
lumpia is so overrated where my sinigang gang at
was without a phone for a DAY bc i FORGOT MY FUCKING PASSCODE... WTH so i had to restore my phone and i lost
Ya Niggas Ever Told You They Was Down For You ? But When You Fucked Up Nigga They Not Around For You They Say
They're my 2nd fav team
okay, just hug our baby boy while you continue to make him suffer
My wrist is killing me
You never take me to the zoo
We all are
I end up buying anyway
Oh, yeah it is lmao I feel dumber now
Jimin and Jin
wow.......sounds like *someone* doesn't like a h*cking goob pupper
Get cultured
Take me to the beach
Stop lying to yourself
my mf head hurts
Yes requires two, sometimes three jobs.
I miss Jimin :( someone on the tl pointed out it's been 4 days since he posted :(( minnie come home
a laura deu like no tweet da playlist do joon aka mono.... a bitch is soft......... my favs right there
nvm are nasty gn
annoyed
Emergency for nothing then. Constantly stinks in paisley.
Omg I can relate all too well
sorry if you ever need to vent to any one, just know I am here for you!!
I know you trolling sissy pop, you gotta be
me, when the mono drop
- 6/10 my third eye is sensing something
And to this day no ones ever asked me to be their boo in person
real or play
Just need to get through this last day
please :(( I had to put the yoshi couple up there
He panicked
Am I in ur location
last time you ate some too long ago brother, i'm starting to forget
I KNOWWWWW I known better
i looked cute today but no one hung out with me so im the only one blessed oh well
This would be me if I ever got bts tickets
will you get me anything for christmas
im going to walmart now it better b successful
The shit feeling of going back to work tomorrow
REALMENTE NO LO MERECEMOS MIREN SU CARITA PERO A LOS FANS Y BESOS Y AUNQYE SE
CANT BELIEVE IM MAKING YOU FIT IN MY BUSY MORNINGS, SORALANA THRIVES
Medj boring Sunday.
ur fucked when u be havin fun but wishin for someone in particular 2 be there havin it wit u
4- Piercings I have
I had one but I had to take it off
Back on the juul. down bad
Sometimes I Just Wanna See If Your Ok But It Matter To You.
...your reply hit me right in my feels
Same tried watching it a year ago but found it way too triggering
Okay just keep the others then
I miss youu sooo much babyy
Wow, I am so fucking Ungrateful
remember when everyone bullied two ghosts until the lot visuals i was there since the beginning
Im just trynna get an education to have a good job for them
CAUSE YOU TRIED TO MAKE A JOKE LIKE THAT
Niggas really saying I look like Etika damn really that ugly?
s-so i made pudding w water instead of milk
Nah I never reach that level bros
Oh how I wish ...
mbn to be pretty
they always do you dirty
Hell week is coming! Dunno where to start working with our projects.
wow your true colors have finally shown
Lui responded shit.... RIP It that deep
i sleep and i can feel it taking its toll on me.
I'm curious how both of them are
Dream front 3
called muting the words mk! i put warnings
FJFJDJDJDJ don't u think it's time for me to get over DJ? but idk i don't see him as a crush.. yet.. maybe in the future
Bet you could still rock it tho
no do it lose a follow
anon and I feel offended sorry
I think I tweeted this already
They can't relate
can we cry together
Wish I bought this highlighter when you changed the packaging now
in a situation where I was already so lost, I somehow got even more lost
Well I definitely don't feel like it But it doesn't really matter anyways.
I just hope you know
i made pudding w water instead of milk
I hope I can finish witchs heart today im in the office and i just cant help but think about it i think sirius'
When youre this whipped
Oof twt knows what's up
Point proven! I will NEVER be the same
Ours hopefully share him with me equally even though share the same names
he was 12 ffs, 12 year-olds like to b edgy like that
twitter when can we block ourselfs
Man remember when Steph was Batgirl? I miss that
Finished, with tea and tissues to hand! Beautiful. Thank you for this. I will miss Cyril
I'm a real nigga wit real feelings
you need to sleep to maybe it will know some sense into you gudnight vana
i think he did
sundays are my last sundays but also my get my school shit done days
this is so sad
nobody has the time sis
lord, let me embody the traits of a and adaptable
I miss my babies so much (and of course baby Cecilia too)
we can dream
Is tht y ur my friend
i just wanna hug him and reassure him that everything's gonna be alright
i suffer from chronic pussy popping disease
I just hate having a working wife
Suddenly I lost a friend
the best boys for the best girl
Thank you.
last minute sangat ni fighting dearself
Exactly
ohmy my knee thank you Ppppewww
omg babyyyy
Sorry
bro understand how fine is ...
Stuck in the middle of nowhere.
A whole day passes and im STILL not finished with opening all my twitter notifications
I cracked my phone
braver than the marines
it's hard enough making friends in the Sims, people can be so fickle (also welcome back to twitter guy)
she sends shit to cc but she dm us to talk about it? literally what a pussy
I love him so much .Look at that smile
When I need my gma the most she answer my call
wearing my librarian pornstar outfit
I have to keep reminding myself it'll just make us look bad too, being a merry is some hard stuff
This flopped
I'm scared that I might miss the release of mono
Another game where Cowboys offense do shit
yeah it be like that sometimes
He's having a bad day
none of u missed me
We let him down
And the sun sets on another weekend
nobody unfollow me i swear i still stan bts fully
this shit sucks
I miss my dawg
I hope my new girl treats our dog good
9. I hate how nice I am to people that don't deserve my kindness
In the mood for a to take my money tonight
my cousin is the whitest mf ever met and we even white
Definitely wasnt tryna cry today
FINE FINE
WHOLESOME
This is awful.
I believe this man was allowed to remain on board this flight. That poor lady
Hats off
I'm so very sorry Martha.
And just like Monday
This is gonna sting
U have a typo in unconditionally
givin us all heart attacks
yes good be soft. what vmin would want
It had to be done
Seeing my family in so much pain breaks my heart
i feel like i been cute enough for pics in a long time, i never post on my ig
They really did
but everybody loves nicki minaj as well or is it because idol has been released already beforehand? :(
I really want some fries and a chocolate milkshake from
me too i hate him
already m-married
how did I waste the whole check I got on Friday when only Sunday
maybe I have two mums or two dads all i know is that yall are loUD
Yo
It was so good it deserves it
wholesome twitter took a devistating L today
Time to go home.
someone find me a cute header for this picture
knew believe me when i said everyone intimidates me smh
"I Look Into Your Eyes
Comes As No Great Surprise
You're Gonna Shoot Me Down
Shot Me Down..."
I hate feeling nauseous
The worst down in the history of football
Grabe gid ang challenges na encounter ko
I have to make the hardest decision of my life. I need a real one to talk to right now.
I WANT TO DUCK HIS SICK
american muslims who like dogs and pet them in public like the other foolish children give the rest of us bad reputations
I never knew I was so racist for eating cereal shoutout to PETA for opening my eyes.
Guy your tweet is boring just like your face
if not about you coming to south florida i wanna hear it
Sepanx is real. I miss my loves!
I watched episode 5 yesterday and cannot go back to it right away, I keep thinking about it
i hate to break this to you......but i have once eaten within the confines of a dairy queen
Offensive coaches so desperate they had J-Lew taking snaps.
I wish I had friends that remembers my birthday
Why I hit on bo4
Oh please come to Liverpool came to see u in Manchester but need to see u again
Faniyi, my DM is open
It's ok I know Izzy
breaking mutuals is fine and everything i just wish i didnt feel like a fool when im still following them
Last day of shooting for No Emotion Video after a lot of scheduling issues we will be done
everythang be correct these days
i be upset if you were a good boy for once
SAME IT SUCKSDKJSK
well maybe if you told me what chocolate you got maybe it would be higher
its missing big time rush hours boys
mood about
I wish this wasn't locked
All I want to do is hangout with my best friend and they making stuff up
wait it's nighttime for you alr? it's 6:41 pm here i live in sad europe
he's trying leave him
I wanna come
I scratched my finger and now i unlock my phone
sad your sick...but also have cuz I can finally wear my new hoodie....hope you feel better
lost my spin brush. rip to my clear skin.
Praying for you guys, so so sorry to hear this
this is more difficult than all of my exams combined
looks like they were jamming too hard to outro: tear
i mean to
it was good for to know that it wasn't real...
The large is like 9$ or is that the small... it been too long
Fucking BET oomf saw my tweet about them and KNEW it was about them and listened to what i said thank you i
i guess I gotta move on over to my nsfw account, if anyone needs me gonna be on
it gets harder every time I have to watch you leave
Do you have sunscreen by any chance?? Katie forgot some and we both burn so easily
I hope the nice words stick at least
Yeah fully aware of that, but keep doing it bcs I'm a dummy
u r very intimidating to me bc u threatened to fight me
No matter how many times I leave my parents or my dog it never gets easier
This is the only time my university is relevant
im making this now
true but I'll miss my account too much to do that
I could definitely use a hug right now.
trying so hard man
Ya tengo 2 semanas sin ver a mis hermanitos
please end my shit supreme goth queen
I'm sorry I'm experimenting something though and I have to be dedicated
Rom coms just ain't doing it for me like they used to
I think that those who know are not talking.
Hi thanks for your reply, did try what you mentioned still no luck
should i sleep or continue waiting for that idiot idk fellas
damn maybe i should hit up that creep that i blocked so he pays for my transition like he said he would
After watching the good doctor, i decided to switch from wanting to become a surgeon to just a physician cause im scared of getting sued
out of all the places I can't believe the mosquito chose my cheek to bite instead
Alright... Well tone it down tonight then or maybe we're gonna start doing it when yall kids are
This bitch almost ran me over, I saw the cash flash in front of my eyes
Not quite a response, but considering your lack of braincells, let it slide
A star is born shed a couple tears
I'm always the one handing out relationship advice.
For once I need to start listening to it myself
y'all stop having the same pfp as my gf. Im dumb and get confused
uhhhhhhh wow okay i get thinking attractive but slow down homeboy !! also that hypocrisy smh
only laura does
I'm in groupchats with a lot of ahgases who got their primary devices locked by IP We have
You'll always have a place in my heart
Without me? The betrayal
i just found this on reddit this is so cute baby
This week will probably not end without me shedding some tears. Been feeling very down
i havent slept since 2009
make these aesthetic ass edits bitch I wanna be aesthetic too
Like, we all just be together all the time?
I think Road Dak might be back in the 4Q
I miss it
for real disappointed. I lost the blunt I rolled up to smoke on my drive home. Idk how the hell...
im sorry can i hug u
And I was rooting for Kent
akira sleep over if morgana with him and he take morgana with him to get yagi so
Really just want to run tf away
Life is so short. Please tell those that are close to you that you love them while you can
shut up phoebe im sorry
Our QB is so ass man
Come on with these field goals but now it's 10 to 13 need to get this lopsided Win no matter how this game ends
Wait to read it before you talk
my fat ass thought these were oreos
A mi
I just can't take losing people. Although I know death is apart of life I'll never be okay with it
YES U R but ur so sweet n cute hehe i love u so much
had 11 hours of sleep, but i still want to sleep
Me too
idkkk i might change my mind but just not feeling it
how do u make friends on this bird app? so lonely interACT WITH HUMANS
I also thought it reflected poorly on Michigan... It's unfortunate
the jaw jumped out, mochis u wont be missed
On my feet: Nike rosche runs
In my headphones: lucid dreams by juice wrld
On my mind:
IT HAS BEEN BROUGHT TO MY ATTENTION that i somehow SKIPPED well here the lucky winner is
I'll say one thing; this is a p*** poor way to honour the alumni
I hate when I go to a restaurant and leave smelling like grease
Sunday is the perfect day for learning The Smiths
who is jaz
Sorry our mistake! We misread the ruling
I know right? I wish there was more bone
my dms broke thanks now i cnat see what my gf said
i think he is cuz that oic is really old i miss his quiff
HI HELLO finally I missed you
i literally dont know what to do when people flirt back bc half the time im flirting it's a joke n the other time it's just awkward
It's for kids. Isn't it? OK if you can't learn history at school I suppose. How little do kids know nowadays?
hey if gugudan drops something n im at school me
and 18
I WISH MY FRIEND REALISED THAT
I am in so much Pain and I find my hot water bottle so gonna have to cry myself to sleep
made brother nature go private
12. Forgiveing people who have done me dirty
it was an important update
One direction and a reunion really got me
I literally have no friends
Also, I miss you why you talk to me anymore
I feel left out, all of my mooooootuals are getting killed without me
So much love and nobody to give it to
True
Stalker ka din pala.
i am sorry been ia achool has been rough ladies
Very sad news. My thoughts are with his loved ones
It is I hate frauds !
i have had to feel my heart with joon because yoongi left us hanging
ughbdbfbd yes queen
I miss Jacob & it sucks because he hates me
sad, tired, & stressed just want a hug and some bread
Just as I was starting to feel a little normal again I have to go bk to work tomorrow
Aw no feel better
Chai e for go well with my beer oh dhl some for me na pls
stop teasing
update: i just bought a witch hat
That sucks. I was looking forward to seeing it
from 2015 that year had a lot of amazing vhope fics Lol
Missing someone sucks
i know i just got my hair done , but i really want orange hair
I should have been drunk then
Brooke: I'm ugly
me:
"YOU'RE VERY BEAUTIFUL TO MEeE!!!"
D-down south west maybe????
uwu
I just want to hold someone's hand,,
Meanwhile youu
sex ? celibate
It's youtube's fault
Ella Mai finally caught on
Overthinking is my worst habit
Work....
theyre the cutest
All the hate made brother nature go private that guys vids would get me thru the day
Thoughts and prayers I'll be cheering on your plant though!!
Dropping a pick
I need Limca in my life right now
Imma post a gay picture. Prepare yourself for ugliness
4 feet 8 inches
20 years old
Maybe reading Sakura's mobame from last night makes me want to bawl my eyes out this early in the morning
When something happening to your patient triggers PTSD from your personal life
I know same for me and in 2020 we will have been on the planet in 6 different decades!
My eagles suck
bby who side you on
I'll always regret ...
I had to do more but i didn't
TD VEZ EU FICO PREOCUPADA VC NEM ME MANDO MENSAGE DESSA VEZ
Thinking of you
hi ive joined the peter parker stans pls welcome me
sad that's the exact thing that came to my mind
look at this
Left my earphones at home.
i need to see some sunshine
i just remembered my seungwoo phase i miss@him i used to call him mushroom pls
lawd I thought I was off tonight I'm so tired
ur right
I really be out here like
sorry
mi hermana realmente me quiere hacer sentir mal por gastar 30 soles para burn the stage
why did yall gotta expose my boi like that
I wanna write like a really long one shot, but idk what concept or au to do it for
my fawkin BOYFRIEND
aware st*ph did it first ok hate on me
WHO WOULD FIGHT A BABY DEER I WOULDNT EVEN BE ABLE TO TAKE SEUNGJUNS SWEETS FROM HIM, HES TOO ADORABLE
Amerikkka And How this Country Was Built And How Amassed All Her Wealth in One Tweet...
boy just wanted to sit with me and talk about how is girl is making him sad such a nice dude like he deserve shit like that
but i only have 5 votes
sou NY Giants. Sofro.
DAY FOUR:
Bby Jungwoo
comrade wob im so sorry
wear them to bed FOR ME pls...
Ayy hindi e, more on for communication and productivity siya
you look wonderful in both pics queen
Leave me alone I check my spelling ok??
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
Been sleep since I got home ... Ima be up all night
I wish a million different things go through my head with a million different scenarios. It is the worst
Whats your bodycount Girls want to sex me so 0
I wanna go to the movies
so many of you guys heard by bangtan rly missing out
also if a creepy stalker then what does that make you lmao
I really look up to Queen I really would love to meet . And I truly love her music
danganronpa 2.5 is not on crunchyroll... i gotta go back to kissan!me
Kiwi is gone and so is my spirit
When shit just goes 180 on you.
all gorgeous af,, wish i could relate
Brad look let me cry in peace
one year ago yesterday i played mamimi drums mamimi play a show challenge
Vigil for neighborhood shooting victims in the park.
47) coffee
48) changbin. is that not enough to explain it hnggg (and chan)
Sis what didn't happen
We really won't have a bday party this year we lost
Sleep time , surprise me when i wake up
What a good idea lets go together with mem and buy delicious food! But seems we hv busy schedule neruru especially you *laugh
Sometimes i just want to break down and cry bc my life bout to change tremendously once i graduate!!
a maioria dos meus drafts tweets que por algum motivo o twitter quis publicar
bby
I have a confession. I own a tik tok account myself.
Missed over 2
omg there's a hand reading place near my school and I wanna go SO LOOK BADLY but my mom says it's Haram
Thot Jimin or soft jimin? bc fam I know for myself
I hate waiting for these phone calls
I may look fine, but in reality............................. I really want to eat bread,
i heard that name in years
So Shameful
nearly exposed 2 ppl today wow
Bye Week
The accuracy
This is how my park guests in Roller Coaster Tycoon always died.
me ***** por favor
I just got a keyboard case previously reviewed as this. I wish it weren't accurate.
"This item smelled
see on tegelt suht aga oh well i guess it is kinda hard to switch from keelest teisele sigh
You not lying
thank u i really do appreciate that
A-am I not enough
my uncle went to watch mid90s yesterday and he tell me i could of gone with him
Oh wow, so sorry for your loss
it only took me two seconds to find cancer i guess good at finding something never have
i'm the only feeling tired and just wanting to sleep and be cosy and soft in a warm blanket , hell no scorpio season i'm not ready
unfortunately he did
Aw, man I missed the weird. Been sleeping all afternoon.
laundry day but honestly I deserve this
mortx
it was ..... on sale and i needed eyeshadow and the colors were cool
how to spell yet the next thing i see is you texting me uwuwuwu
Amen
Can tell Zayn to do a tweeting spree? We miss him
my heart is sad,
My whole everything hurt
I cried until i cry no more please keep my family in your prayers
HDMDJDJJDDB MEEEEEEEE where is he been a hundred years
I swear we might end the season 8-8
Your time will come my friend
Harris had the 1st down
InshaAllah god gives me eyebrows tonight everybody pray for me
watch me not sleep at all bc im too scared to... i truly am booboo the fool
pls cancel brother nature my birthday today
Sadly, gotta stop eating cheese
hope they run out of the merch i want
saw this & thought about malec
instagram edits destroyed me
leaving the club 1.
id love winter more if it didnt massacre my skin cells like this
and i wanna pretend that is not true oh baby that gone
ah i just missed the early debut days today
you only do shit for attention you caught me
How did yall do this for years? I almost die last night
what happened yesterday ?? l o s t and a lot of LA but i have never met any
who tf keeps putting vernon on my tl? i just wanna eat my mac n cheese in pease
no final fiquei sem
cry together
when october started i went from
/ \
|
/ \
to
/ \
|
/ \
you should have!
I'm past the breaking point. I'm losing the battle
smh he'll be the death of me
bye bye to my much needed ink res and cold blooded chunks
I honestly can't think of any pros to his term so far.
Snead chalk
sry jess,, i lost hope a long time ago
again
7/10
layout 6/10 i like white layouts & it just match
bio 8/10
him so memeable
the weekend goes by so quickly
The Festival of Ideas
Nothing better than silence
im scared in case it flops
i would but i cant read and she has me blocked
drop some pictures of joon and yoongi plz
i miss them
I'm bored
I fell asleep with makeup on AND without my bonnet... sorry I failed
Omg, I wish
Omg i hope youre okay stay safe
y'all let me flop huh
why am i fucking sad.
all I want is a happy meal and a cigarette but I have either when in bed feeling sorry for myself
my boyfriend like my weeb music
I unfollowed
Triste nivel hoy no juegan mis Steelers
the lovely bones is so good
this is so tragic. old people on twitter
Not funny for me! Sorry! ...
What people do to birds has no name .... aint gonna give an speech here
he has to bend over because 8 inches taller than me
"Another one of those days?" Unfortunately, Yes.
when will u follow me
When not good enough for family..
Hungry & hurting bad combo.
Back to New Mexico
But mostly just because love to hear your thoughts, too! But happy to get to hear what
i know
i just asked popcrave if they call that beautiful wtf lma
Horrible
I miss so much its been 3 months since you stared at me so hard I felt you judging my soul. I
oomf getting slaughtered rn...maybe if they had shaku on the beat as well
When I did nudes rating I should have added armpit to it smh I would have loved it
Maybe we'll find out when we do one like hyunggu
Obsviously but you cant see music quality in a photo ofc bts music
been over a year and I still bring myself to believe it
our issue
Remember when Lucho Acosta was the next Riquelme in 2014
that shit hurted bts jungkook figure
aries........ i Am my own soulmate
after mark giggles then hyuck's moles? im ready to out
You have got to be kidding me.
Game over.
damn there are seriously NO supermega stans on twt this Is So Sad i guess continue looking for ethan mutuals
Dangggg homie in high school you was the mannnnn homie tf happened to you
got the juice like you so relate
sigh i dont deserve miss Theresa
i was just thinking about this! You always create the best prompts and leave us wanting more an au by you would
i was gonna save this for filmdealership
I can't.
I guess be ignored again
Toxic Twitter strikes again
104. no a yoongi a los viejos lesbianos por ahora
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
No trip to London Kay??
hi send me stuff to answer for when i get out of work please
Hate being bummed. single life can be fun sometimes but i strongly dislike the loneliness. Telling someone about your day, i miss that.
ouu she gotta bf nvm
Ugh why is my birthday on July honestly I want this kind of thread as well
*heavy sigh*
when i could just walk ten minutes and be at the beach now i have to drive two hours
You I really been fucking up I fucken give up on everything
I was thinking tomorrow
Bruh I'm hungry Asf just not for food
Does anyone wanna help me choose a pic
I get so weak , when I see you
a wine aunt
I gained
But,,, I actually know either
Muito triste
Your doing good sweetie Thank you
not but the story was sooo good and it another in your face typical Dom Hobi fics lol
maybe
true ugh....ok maybe make it tomorrow promise to support me
Just wanna be there for you and help us get through this but I dunno if its ever gonna work because so much has happened and that hurts
As for Ashe... when i saw the photo, i thought his sister was claire? Looks very much like claire i think the
I know bc i still havent gone to see it
true georges was all fun n games but now everyone is on crack n blocking each other bc of it
trying to find a matching header and to lazy to edit one
I wish we were as cool as we once was
*filed under not breaking news..
Dreading work tomorrow
depressed
such an idiot I guess
cowboys
the struggle
my laptop is set to restart and i can't stop it I'm going to be so bored for the next hour
hate watching sad movies my mood has changed
why would u do that
Me: I'm tired of being so weak-minded all the time.
Friend: Don't say that, you're not weak-minded.
Me: Ok, I'm not.
i miss gabbies hugs SO much theyre seriously the best
omg ily
Fuck 6ix9ine but the beat in FEFE lk slaps
Someone help me sort my life out
I hope people catch up on GAME OF THRONES for this Springs ending of the show. going to miss it so much.
Do you know any urban legends? If so, tell us about it! A text back
:( +
++
i... we just met & already mean to me
again
ugh he's so rude
When 5 to midnight on a Sunday and all you want to do is watch the last three episodes of
i was gonna say miss but i even go see you and what i get for being broke
i bet already sold out
um
Two Ls in one day
Chester Rodgers outscored zeke on my team
I want a phat kiss from my girl
I fucked up my wrist the dub is all urs buddy
I miss you so much
i just want to go home and eat a pint of ice cream while watching youtube
really just not feeling today
Pittsburgh!! in PA now, but school has me out of the concert loop.
Just ignore the children
afraid has become a parody account shame really.
sempre sensatas
Tonight ?
All day
me too
someone pls... there are people talking to rn n i wanna lose them
For once I agree.. and I stan tea so
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
Running on a couple hours of sleep and having to work 10 hours right after is the worse.
love you
i miss kaitlyn and sian even though i saw them yesterday
Ah~ In the end, they should have listened to you all along.
why almost
mcdoanalds is sorry
I found them at a market! I get them though so I kinda failed
bro just wanted to tend after the rabbits and wanted some alfalfa
gonna have to see ugly taste in music again
remember when you were on her story twice? your peak... when she loved me
was off it all weekend to
kajsksks ok maybe take one for the team and make it
Shooting blanks today. Will be better next week
duty
When people comment HEE HEE under Cosgrave posts
odd flex but okay I miss you more sadielyn
Idk about that Chief
we love a queen who works hard for us
How dare you expose fetus me I was so embarrassing
the truth be deleted
Nah bro broke a nail
kinda hoped would still be awake when I come back from my walk but I guess we can't have everything we wish for
but understandable... players so it is like when you go to work just to pay the bills
i gotchu but he probably already shaved it
ok man we losers today
what a bitch
Man this has been one of the worst weekends ever Ohio state lost and the browns i can usually count on o state
sophie is a smol and i have to protecc
me bitch
I have nothing be positive memories of Jordan this is crazy man
FUCK
damn he really rejected her like that huh
Come n get your kithes
Wish I wasn't too young for
feel like pure shit just want her back
Sad Bc no type of snacks at home
Well either way ashe looks really untrustworthy from the start shaving him bald is the right decision
sir we go for the same team I'm pissed af
i'm trying to find nice white loafers like harry's but i can't find SHIT
people against me being a dom don't desever my love
be poor get some money spend it
HANNAH YOU ARE THE BADDEST BITCH ON EARTH YOU DID THAT IM SO PROUD OF YOU FUCK
I wanna go to Disneyland
Let me get up and cook. being a procrastinating ass parent rn.
i had to read this twice
No bread
... and England, and soon Canada also
pls can someone get me a hedgehog for my bday pls all i want <3
i guess fate decided if we were together we would be too powerful
Ouch, I hope you can catch a break soon
Poor babyI hope he will be ok??!!!
mau dong
imagine not standing twice so tragic you must hate yourself
I wanna dye my hair blue but I worked so hard for it to not be damaged
Anyone wanna type this essay for me
I feel bad for 9ts they deserve fans like us
My crush doesn't eat chakalaka I should probably get rid of that bad energy
good luck finding someone who can hop out the mf
/||\_
porsche like me ...
I want zaynjmnews back so i can help all my mutuals
no words. condolences
Sad but true...trying to do too much
thank you
NIGHT SEVEN:
Poor Sammy
laid ease should we purchase
idk who that is
is the new
Sadly, I do not see this situation ending well.
afraid, but these sound more like and NOTselling points.
Everything
im shy
Oh no really
I feel for lil tay rn
everything
Still get how this could happen
please do we rlly need him back ? we have memeulous and ENOUGH
Sorry but no I am dumb.
The Cowboys just make me sad.
Ok I want a promise ring or a locket with our picture in it. this man better get creative
so sorry
YUP virginity staying but i know sex a planned thing so whom knows when lose it
Same
so the girl I like hardly me so
..tired of this emotional roller coaster
If Your happy happy I would just be happier with you
Tmrw I give my dog away to her new owner
he tries so hard
no, you cannot justify this crime. but i admire your attempt
why liking this
Disgusted and disappointed
cant sleep wheres the latinas at
believe me
Same 3/4 the Khan dude never blocked me
I must be a 25 letter alphabet cause I'm missing u
Ik na some of my friends hates me secretly.
this m&g was so legendary his hair looked like a pineapple i miss it
Also
I COULD never do that to her
i was really hoping to see psycho reaction
time to officially say goodbye to the last brain cell I had left... you were so strong rip
I miss them
it's supposed to say mono child just to clarify ...
they big dumb for not letting me go to the studio to listen to the album
I never believed I will found myself driving with no directions just to stay away from our memory
Uh yeah Jack stole my heart
oh no nfjdnsk I remember seeing it on my bed and moving it to the side but maybe I squished it
callste me vas a hacer llorar
Que sad mis cowboys
yes
The state GOP finally ran an ad with that clip. Nothing from Kemp campaign.
i wanna do the lgbt selfie tag but 5 hours late
ive been trying to get one with jimin's can you send the link please?
hello I really like your account and um I wanna be moots but I'm to nervous to say anything omg dm me!! please
This game has me down
All whiteys.
THAT'S SO CUTE
Pq vcs me odeiam
I haven't seen my mom in almost 20 years and my dad once every 5 years but it's okay
spent past month it really be like that graham I thought we were bruddas
ppl in cod groupchats steady calling me horrible things like black & fat ass
aw ilyt
i saw this and a lewd thought came to mind.. im so sorry bb these r cute as hell also
some dumb shit that limits you to how much text you can put but i use my last brain cell wisely and
i wish
oh damn, we in trouble boys
Heartbreak first thing in the am when u get a msg from someone sending their regards to Dad
First of many I bet. Lord harden my heart
SHIT okay fine
hey what do i have to do to hear head. cars. bending live again? 14 yr old me took it for granted g
i miss tony romo
not when made the right way
Or trying to complete level 735 on Jelly Splash
beehive is like a category in our church for young women and im a president and sure!! I'll try to post it heh
so lucky a 32A rather that than a 36C
Someone gave away my NEW & now I'm being harassed AGAIN Whoever it is, is texting me from different numbers &
I knew 18 wasnt gonna be my year
THATS TRUE BUT LIKE.
Me with my lesson plans
The Sad is back
Sad but true
they always say hey gamers but never how's gamer
What's going on with our O-Line, guys
imagine not having eyes one like = one prayer
I really need to get back into it. I haven't done any running in six months and my fitness levels have plummeted
i would but everyone will call Lou a fag
when diana said loose wait she mean your hair
I just want to fucking cry
Your faves even spell beauty
I need a job so badly but this whole moving thing isn't helping
Yes Lord give me strength
I would do anything for city to lose only one game this season preferably aginst us at the etihad. Only way we can hurt them this season
Husto na please
also one direction is my life
Which person in your family do you look most like? Sadly my dad
Yes
You gone buy me a jacket getting cold
My poor baby is teething
I feel so bad for him and my boobs
can life so down a bit please
where are you?
Such a cruel world we live in.
school tomorrow
i just want some chitterlings
steve's a1 suit is cute when the cowl isn't on when the cowl is on tho feel free to destroy him for wearing that
you can't be my weakness, you're my strength
How can I change this?
First marriage proposal rejected Have to take this L with me to the grave
this is just an open door for you, friend. Bigger and better things are coming your way!! I promise
oh fjfhdhdhd yeah imma keep it for a while its so cute
Bad morning
sadly this extra bread is already destinated for my next week university fee
jaemin.. trying to go to jaehyun?
i bias nct anymore.
we really need a fourth for our friend group
ok no me voy a burlar que si me pone triste la netswets
I am only a girl, trying to help the world in some way. Pls
So much hate, greed and envy
please listen to this song
This
y'all were right for flexing this game out of SNF.
but her and louis are best friends we're just bitter louis stans
You took me to hell and back and I called it love
why does this keep happening
And for what, just let go, let me be, tired
I went out for an hour and already back in bed with a headache and cough immune system is not coming through
Krystal do your first ig live on ur bday pls
I know i am disappointed in my self. Swag=none
****he love you; not me
3: relationship status
Hopelessly falling for people I never have a chance with
7: Favorite movie
10 things I hate about you! actually watching it rn with lol (we wish was awake)
coping with my bpd is now illegal i guess
This
I want a baller
They love us so much and we love them right back and this is probably the most healthy relationship ever have
When the bops were cute and then reminded that the church your grew up in in is sadly homophobic and transphobic!
No te preocupes. Give me a few years. Yo te mantengo
No need to thank me
That was a year ago, changed so much now
this is mine this seed hurted
found a way to motivate myself to study instead of tweeting for the exams today until wednesday wish me luck!
Truly traumatized, I still understand. Ruined the rest of my movie theater days.
thank you!
Today I had to witness an old lady fall down the escalator. Broke my heart to see. So glad she hurt Just
I need a hug
this is him before facetune
YALL ARE HATERS just because im a kpop idol!
now that it's cold all of the sudden i want snow but unfortunately not yet
was a joke u was suppose to laugh
so relatable sis hang in there
They even want ME
theo wh0re
oh no is she ok did she escape him now
I miss
Correct and it makes the shame that much worse
I obviously came here at couples hour so I'm out.
I wanna go to work so sad
Bro I gave my change to a homeless man last week and was sad when I get my snickers
vope is a clapped name first of all but i can get w the vision
Noo
Maybe why she been invited back...
this social media shit gettin borin, but i be bored..
sad to hear
9. hyung line my friends call me the maknae line hater
this is all bullshit tbh
in the cards today
I just wanna put his dick cheese on a cracker and enjoy it with merlot wine is that too much to ask?
Red was released 6 years ago
what a very sad situation
how it started
JGJDSJ nooo u die yet barely just the sketch
This is how she does naps...every day. going on two hours. My arm is killing me but if I put her down she
just wanna learn how to shake my ass like the other gorls
Same
Tucker is shook
I'm so sad that I can't be at this year. First annual conference I'm missing since I joined in
sad uwu hours
Aight I see how it is
That's so sad Depression is the absolute worst
bro we here to play roblox who said you could do that
Talr's really trying to make her bf Taehyung cry wow
really miss them
Wish the cowboys would use Zeke like this but we have creative coaches
Right !
math quiz tomorrow but i even know the chapter well & we get hw for it
i watched bates motel with jacey and within the first episode i was already on ao3 looking for norma/norman
ymkn atz7pg
Omg... Monday in south career but not keeping my hopes up
my mans really left me 2 hickies on my ass
its true
seeing my papa in the casket really broke my heart
really need to get my sht together
WOW..... JUS T WOW
ymkn atz7lg
some one come be cute w me and carve pumpkins pls
I'm so sorry for your loss I've lost so many pets in my life, I know how much it hurts.
Ugh. I need the Titans to start showing up again. I thought we were on track for a much better season
Aww...
You look like you could really use a big hug.
I've got a lot of free credit with no one to call.
?
Feel bad for Flacco
i just want some chitterlings
Literally you with me
I was looking for this yesterday people need to remember the roots
Gutted
His first miss of his career
I think i agree
i cant do anything right can i sigh
...why
Roomies and I get the townhouse we were wanting sadly Kinda sucks but at least we have money saved up so
I fool myself every time when I think I can go to the library and study after being up at 5am for work
i-i guess it's the thought that counts
its on a thursday
Welp another cowboy loss
So much pain
Shit a never be the same again
I have slow connection its going to take like 5 hours
you now a real og on this bird app destiny bby
I have a pic of denki I have this pic of kiri tho
If i answer your texts, calls, social media mentions, take it personal, grieving
If it ends with leaving its going to be UKs biggest mistake in modern history...
i thought we had something alexie
yeah it is you know? whatever they say is the law
Wow this actually makes so much sense to me...... thanks
I want to farm but probably end up getting a job as a lawyer or some shit
vope nation grows stronger every time says it's a bad name
Ugh those damn chips are the worst
she can have my soul
your penalty kick software in fifa 19 makes me disappointed
i have to end this friendship how do u not listen to emo music
lmsjsjdj im depressed and gay we know
ok he read what i say
ill make up for it at escape
ill get the shits if i drink coffee now i just wanted to plug my laptop in inside
So many things to do but I'm so tired I just want to go to sleep already
When will the cowboys stop sucking
forgot Sosa used to play in Pumas
I gine go Chefette Moos just now. Y'all on here so disappointing
megan said i worded that weird so i tweeted it again
i took a small brake from twt
the saddest part of Shane's videos are when they end
And pretty boys too
I know
everyone say thank you ms gomez
I wanna go watch Halloween and Venom
Everytime my heart gets broken , I deep clean everything I understand why
Il y va beaucoup trop fort
This is so sick and twisted you don't deserve this
yes text me back
How sad
so sad.... he went rawr!
No mames tucker... tu no fallas
Hobi is SOOOO handsome I honestly stand it, like we GET IT Hobi hot as shit like
i fucking Hate u but tbh i known better
Is that
sorry to do this but im doing an unfollow spree my timeline is too toxic sorry
Best kicker to ever play football misses his first extra point of his career okay Justin Tucker I still love you.
now that run out of pizza rolls;;; hot pockets it is
Covering blitzes from the press box
we were so close to seeing this
I want energy but I just get uglier everyday
have a nice day
plump lips
the only good morning and good night messages i will ever get are streaks gm
i still love the song but stray kids produces only bops so if i had to pick i guess id pick that but
the fact that i hugged jimin in a dream ,, i really cant get it out of my head
You deserve a best life too baby
Don't watch so bad
told you, you die for never gets to old
Until the basterd snapped his fingers
LMAOOO leave me alone
I even know who that would be
how do like thsi bad
Your kink it
I was just bragging about Justin Tucker and how great he was his accuracy and BAM just like that he misses
thank you for this
seeing the countdown in my display name and bio go away is sad
we be friends
Glad our breakup was civil, but fuck, this sucks
they're saying "wing wing wing wing boomerang"
hard to remember never trust when a nigga telling you everything you want to hear gotta stay strong tho
!!! and i rarely see dean stans these days
Just noticed that Dolphins lost
that moment you see a good lookin girl on twitter but she speaks a different language
-dick has left the chat
damn hope he can fight bc the whole fandom tryna jump him kdjsjdh
Trying to weigh the pros and cons of going on vacation with my studying, and not looking good for the vacation
I said that before it started. Yet still watching
i need me a sugar daddy so i can treat myself to new toys and lingerie dm me
fake enough
Monday already ?!.. Back to kch.
I want a jimin image picket so bad
no worse disappointment hearing 5 seconds of an unknown song then searching that song up and that 5 seconds was the only good part
news: millions dead so sad can we get one billion likes?
are you ever gonna post an army selca day? i wanna see your bootiful face mAYBe after i get my ass out of
close enough
Oh my Ravens onto the next
I felt this.
Awww , but you got the higher pay rate
trying to hype myself up for work but not working
hddjjdfhjds ill be in english
Today was a dream
if gm did this id join
I'd hyunjin doesn't say or caption another photo with 'yeehaw' imma fight
still....... that's snacks.. not a meal....
the writer's block is gone uwu all thanks to yeet i went for that walk and although it took me a while i got some inspiration
Sigh had goosebumps all over
i missed the ritual today
isnt that his name
Sorry
Bollocks! The guard slipped on my beard trimmer, so I've had to go shorter than I wanted
hell no tucker you never missed extra point cmon yo
Pissed.... The time on my phone switch back when I got back to Cincy.. been sleep forever
it doesnt look that bad ejdbd but its weird i hope we're wrong
If only the Patriots lost too
Found out I work thanksgiving this year and kinda bummed.
are you okay though. do you need to de-stress.
i jut DONT KNOW how he'd react bc it'd be mad awkward if he rejected me we're p good friends n i dont want that to be messed up
Stop cyberbullying me
i MEANTTTT mentally
twt stop being ugly please
Damn I really want
We can only dream.... because it will NEVER happen
bringing this back once more before i unpin it
Honestly just so tired
i need more armynator mutuals
Also female empowerment? exist
That hurt my heart so much
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he
karen wanna buy a pie from me after all done for her and she takes it out on my choir!!??
because we are a jjp loving household, i shall also keep jinyoung's part cutting him out physically pains me i cant ;w;
This is disturbing
cat you a furry?
Rest in peace
And sorry u feel like shit
Tucker missed an extra point... we in our last days lil bro
Brother Nature was really a breath of fresh air in this toxic environment
Did you like my willy when you touched it back in science class, that's still the only time someone felt it
wait bh rlly took wildfire n truman off the setlist for good,,,,, i thought they were just havin a bad night,,,,,,
Why does everyone look so good in yellow apartment from me
I really wanted Carolina and New Orleans to lose today
Why does the weekend end so quick roll on half term
can my uh lab partner text me back
All of Sean Mannions nfl playtime has been vs my niners
Bae you used to act like thisss
are so foul
why do I fall inlove w fictionally characters in anime?
Still hard work
Temblor
Why is uni such a stressful environment
Nah fr tho
not a victory when Sony goes down
IM SJORRY sjorry thank you for checking in tho
amanha tem aula
what u get
she finally admitted
i am constantly hyperfixated on them
why do I fall inlove w fictional characters in anime?
im making another one sike
STG but trying
This weather is making me sad
We that play the keys ko
so...damn..dude made me smile w/ his videos n shit
Because at one point that fucker made me feel important . Because that fucker pretend to love me when I thought
rowan be bullied
Well mr fly im sorry for killing you before mono dropped but please seek revenge by killing me
so like when u walk on grass.. r u hurting it
Come back please
I want yixing to flip me, dip me, and twist me like a pretzel but
Man I was feelin really good about hoop sesh until I watched all my videos
On to next week that shit hurt tho
Who got black ops 4 on ps4 and trying to play
Had such a fun time in the dells with Tyler.... I want it to end
Brother Nature outta here?
cancel her
The roundabout and the Avon bus both a part of history now
what did brother nature do?
Sleep for this kain condition wey we dey? No oooo
Awe cold
Hopefully the bolts will get the dub for me
I need permission or money but I didnt want them bitching at me so phew so relieved
wish i had friends tooo come my halloween party
Damn, RIP. Hopefully you won't get in trouble
yall paid this dust
Not to be me but i really want bts to see this
I did post a ko-fi but no one paid it any mind...
Nah bro sadly Issa unrequited ting
I think I just got out trolled fuck was I the one being serious the whole time where is my mind am I really
yall paid this dust
I watch twilight
I apologize on behalf of all trains.
i miss living by Chavez
sad how those ppl acknowledging the truth
beat lost it for us
Its a bad trope
Haibo what is happening to me
His tickets were too pricey for me too!
Still cant believe she called me honda
fat mood flashback to me spending my whole $300 check in one day
my phone smells like onion and on all levels sad about that
Still want that sweater from cavenders
Te
youre on the phone with your girlfriend shes upset shes going off about something that you said
Watching the movie and I understand how a movie, with so many decent actors, can be so terrible. really bad.
snake threw him on his ass too many times when he was young and it stunted its growth.....
zayn's liking selfies omg can he like mine i will never call myself ugly again
Solidarity
Shit been the same since it left the mall
wow i love jensen so much
cant believe my wife is not supporting me... is not that real
the biggest cutie wbk
How do you keep a smile on your face when your heartbroken af like honestly
I just finished eating Panda Express
think they hit tweet limit sigh
Missed the ENTIRE game, because i was at the damn pumpkin patch
December Avenue - Kahit Di Mo Alam ( Lyric Video )
non mais grave pitoyable
hes
Day mang mang and its over
Please it's been over a week
Goosebumps. And those are the stories/vid clips I am trying to avoid because i bear to watch them in pain.
understandable, wings was a memorable era
I mean... I was hoping he could teach teenagers about nature like a young Steve Irwin but we have shit
Are you volunteering mither porn lord
Alaisha would get lost while we was running
tem q sofrer pagando boquete
i wish i had one
gone for the two pointer. Oh well
missed heartbreak. be happy RT Missed the ENTIRE game, because i was at the damn pumpkin patch
i have a confession never watched Always Sunny no hate
Never take a persons company for granted, you never know when that persons time will end
i had to dig through my collection of hawks pictures to find this
i was just enjoying my day out w my family
*the account you are trying to view has been suspended
spoil it please I seen it
now megan said im a baby thanks a lot ellie
Honestly
so weird showering without kaydyn
i could fit in that chanel bag
Man that hurt fr fr
I hope that things change for the better soon, for your sake and the sake of so many others
That keyboard is brighter than my future
i felt this so much
Cant believe the man that literally made me love skating and made me want to keep on skating for years let me down like this but okay
i love you still, i always will. thank u for loving me! love ka rin ni God! :)
like try for a bit but i always get tempted
you are tiny and cute djdjdjdjs stop you know i love to hear this
ive never been this heavy
wish i could be friends with you guys, but i live on the other side of the world
ily tho legend
Facts.
forget me I love you please take this as a peace treaty
this is cute
i have to see his face tomorrow olz
If I could only give you a good amount of sleep as a gift
Its been such a long day! I'm not ready for Monday
Fr bro
Everyone to me at work
Sorry..I had to
i had to write an essay on it for my ib exams
Happy birthday, my pumpkin please stay this litte
Wait are u from britain and have an accent? WHAT KIND OF QUETSION IS THARVHBJDKN no im from portugal
almost? follow through. take one for the team. smh
How is she gonna pay her gas bill now
Some days I just wish my dad would die already
I know I'm disgusted
I think I deserve love or happiness
History repeating itself... I stay being heartbroken by friends
not meeting the boys
Because I wanna spend $80
i want to join send a and see if the council will consider once we have space
saharra thought i was a boy
ah bon
Everything seems surreal. I believe that the over.
i guess i'll do this. please like
Hdhdjjsjsjsjs I are so petty
Can we just have a public vote please can't stand Akeem or Sian any longer
wow miss all my buddies + more
Cool... everyone is getting engaged
missing you already
i miss him and his squishy cheeks
Feel sick, so much disrespect in the world
Didn't get my after church nap in today
im in my room its a typical tuesday night im listening the kind of music she doesnt like
She really is
When you realize there still a on profile.
Hayyy
d*ke... a lesbian can I say that or will I get canceled
i wanna take care of luke i wanna take care of all of them
Just got home from a big test what did I miss
So going to see the Hate U Give w friends but no one wants to see Halloween w me why are all my friends scary
Literally having a horrible ass day . if not one thing another
I know how you feel
26. Sadly none, but I'm saving up money to go, so far I have $2 saved up ask
we're all marupok for yugyeom at chen fax only
yeah criticism and jokes sorry we called your ratio obese but come for us
I feel this whole thread in such a personal level
not
Honestly seeing someone lose a sibling is so heart breaking.. I know what do if I lost my brother.
maybe if thohh was more POPULAR and people PUSSIES there would be edits of it
apparently you're drawing mine too
Condolences.
pls excuse the broken looking hand
yoogi babie.. come home
I treat u like ur ugly
I guess that's the downside of living in a country with 4 seasons, huh?
He disabled the comments
Not satisfying
u sweet little BUNNY
not much I can really do
I know.
I'll do it if you really want it? But I can't promise it'll be good or served fast
Actions speak louder than words and they way been acting lately really shows how little you care...
can you put this on his tl? its from an irl
This is so sad can we hit terfs
you exposed my hand slapping kink
I'll be at work right when mono drops tomorrow
Wish the Vikings never let AP go
They gentrified Nutella
and never know your story like i do
I got so busy I didn't get a chance to catch Halloween this weekend
my art never gets attention and it makes me insecure
We really live in a society
believe ill never be able to drink alcohol again
Pretty whack and stressful I hope your day is 10299292 times better.
I KNOW, Im so curious to see what it will be like uwu
Story of my life this past year
been busy all day
thank you
They have any too faced products.
i made another video but i recorded myself so embarrassed
Wait he looks like my ex right here I like this one of yoongi omg
my new medications have been making me more sick i think confused
HE IS SO AGGRESSIVE LIKE, HOW?? He is a whole meal
Not US Netflix sadly...Just Latin America haha
As much as I love NFL Sundays, I hate them, because it means school is the next day
wrong
The cold weather is finally hitting Georgia. It was fun while it lasted.
I would be a PIMP for Halloween but that everyday
he masturbated
Poor thing.
Guys I miss my cat so much
I seriously need a vacation. Hmmmmmmm.
so like just gonna ignore me like that
I even find one
I wanna do this 1 like = 1 answer
tired of writing essays bro
No way
KKDKKDKDK i also had a jawline surgery bc more defined in the new pictures
so glad you like it!!! And I missed posting it feels good to be doing art!!
now its time rest
eh mt bosta qnd ce n tem pa suficiente
How come I burned at all during summer..but I did when playing soccer in the middle of October
Missing your kisses, missing you my girl!
She and Rafa are in NY AFTER I leave?
all i want is to go out to eat right now.
i would bub but watching buzzfeed unsolved
Ya
Still in shock here at the stadium.
my nephew grown now
check your requests i dmed you from my rant
idk but it is just me yg taknak move and focus oml rn
Thank you! Just knowing people care is a big help
sorry I went off after the show I take losing gracefully
no, no I did not say that weird old man
Still waiting for the full version of Friendship
Hate to see it
i would give you some but like I haven't done mine either
I know but we all gotta be "responsible" here and there
I'm sorry about what happened Sylvia
*sending virtual hug to you*
the sunday scaries
He play in New York...smh
I missed my chance to be coraline this Halloween
highly recommend stray kids having a comeback tomorrow, their 4th self written and
so sick of this fake love
No
I miss them
Amas... Okay...
I wanna see top live next year but already sold out and the show is the day
i wish u would finally notice me i'm tired i love u
I'm sorry, I dont understand your message.
This nigga gave us a taste of a track that could easily be top 2
Harvey just attacked me while I was singing to him. I guess he doesn't like my voice
i feel like ima be that old single lady with 20 cats
Dude way to leak my face without consent can't believe you'd do this
Was really looking forward to OT
a whole ass 5 ft love that
shake hand for me
posted this on her story..every time I see that pic I feel sad
Everyday me wonder why common sense nu common.. sigh
Why do tweets make me so happy
its almost 2019 and people still do ugly idol threads damn
my hand looks broken and in need of holding
I got very lucky here! My boyfriend find one shiny
Mornin
I feel every single picture. In my soul.
This makes me so happy and yet breaks my heart at the same time
why is my hair always popping when i have nowhere to be Just me on my lonesome drawing anime tiddies
mes crush
.@august08 hey bro lemme give you a kiss
tbh, idk yu mane i like yo tho, help me wit a new one.
I wanna do this too
1 like = 1 answer
Back in boring ol' Texas
People really think like that *smh*
why do i have to be late to EVERYTHING this is why never getting noticed
Sell your 240 want my friend driving a car with no airbags
i thought they meant shows
like neutral about some of them but going to be a rateup and be testing my luck but then i stop
this au that I love but the writer has started to annoy me
at least not the only one
why am i seeing this on my tl again PLEASE i just woke up
Because we live in a society
aww heck.. i miss Delirious!
Never in a million years did I think be crying for a group of amazing talented men. My heart hurts
i need love and affection
I went to shower then i forgot to tell him what we were gonna watch later
And sad
the third one
Oh no my feelings are so hurt
This week needs to end.
Monday-Sunday has just been absolutely terrible
Mood
I appreciate being clowned by my own sister
same they listen for 3 minutes then do what they want.
do you speak spanish!! i- no i only know portuguese, english and just a little bit of french
Those 21% who voted "NAH" to KIM JONGDAE's mullet got no taste. Sad
thats all i got
Me emprestar?
Not mad Tuck, just disappointed
Why everyone hating on Brother Nature
hey, this is lame. 5ogue are our favourite sunbaes and we were really disappointed not to see them this afternoon.
I want a gf
Monday disaster class
hey ur really funny be sad! thank you
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he
all of 9ts is going to block me please I love sorry for my actions
it isn't it was just a question well idk not a vegan
me next time
WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS I. im seeing this just now
I feel like too dry no matter what you do with it the chickpeas look so good tho
not my fault ten years younger than me
smooches your nose through facetime.
Such a sad incident. Brings tear :(
The heroic effort of a father to save his child.
Forgot that I sprained my ankle at the court earlier today, shit, no wonder I was limping
when i meet pm im gonna never stop talking about it just sayin
me summer 2017
YALL CLICKING THE LINK BUT NOT SENDING ANYTHING......its just numbers
follow me
really think there will be a MV tomorrow? I want to believe it but I wanna get my hopes up
realized something..... my mom might be right.....
I really really really, want her to be right tho
vish a yunnie partiu p sempre?
I took a Zyrtec and am still struggling
NINAAAAA
never wanted to be a turkey leg so bad
yes too iconic
I just wanted to show the audience this fine ass man
this caption been a hit tweet if my followers were locals
this thread exist w out this video i miss bds era
i wish i could relate
I love how I have to be the bad guy and bearer of bad news. That makes others pissed off at me
My winky is small. never find a man.
Betrayed
Smh caught em
yall i dont think im gettin free candy on halloween
Hehe yea man feels bad
Everything will be okay.
Everything will be okay.
I wish I could save gifs
i showed u my dick pls respond sir
anxious someone hold me
I just need something to go right for me.
- dont tag the boys !!
- the only parts abt this that arent fiction are the boys themselves
- pleathe b nice im new
- theres ziam
i have oomfs liking all my shit i wanna return the gesture
Im pretty upset how sm treats winwin differently as compared to our members like bro he's a fucking a human pls treat me him with respect
Give anything to hear half ya breath
Ill take it and walk
Low key I just wanna feel wanted
follow me sigh
Who is in control there? ...
Im going back to studying
We all do!
Thank you for listening to my very vague explanation
this is why i have to oppress u
Oof i know ugh i need you so bad rn
what if a Por Amarte A Ciegas Pt. 2 is dropped?
It's such a tragedy
also that reminds me i gotta follow you on my other account
You didn't?
Aaaw, that's too bad.
But I guess once a Shiny debuts, it will be stay that way
the boys at unh
I want some tamales.
like and rt if lost a headset from sleeping on mic too many times
Alliance had.... Internet difficulties
3 people called me cozyjosh lastnight, not even my name anymore
This was a bop
yell at me if you see my online within the next hour after an hour has passed ok, bc my break uwu
Plug nah ansa atm
wait now i feel dumb
YOURE SO NICE TO ME
also share ur damn pizza toppings what we deserve
click bait
my parents get reduced prices on everything for being professors so they were like spend as much as you want
tbh, ion know yu mane
i read the best yuwin and johnten pLs if anyone want to recommend any others tell me
goodnight
youll be up there once i get to know yall more
ME TOO and I even know much about them but always had a special place in my heart for wonpil
porq
poor & lonely
Meh. Having one of those days
I want a 4pc combo with da mumbo sauce
I keep having dreams, that somebody is going to kill my lil brother and every time I go bts the dream picks up
Please take care of your health, Taeyongie
i lov u
just wanted to cry in peace while watching the episode tonight
I desperately want to see when it comes to Broward Center for Performing Arts...Geesh the ticket prices.
I know disappointed lol
anyway im weak for a woman
I just came to chick fil a
Sucks to be your future bf/husband (although deepika going off the market is a big hit for a lot of men )
RE FUCKING TWEET
this is the cutest jk I love him! why is jungkook acting like me everything joon says and does
*whispers* It me. I only wash my hands if it's a public restroom or if I pooped. I pee a lot being prego
I really feel like getting out of my bed
tbh, ion know yu jhit
Shut it she deserves better sexKsksjsjs he literally lasted 5 mins
right they both outsold
him: come over
me: I
him: I got extra hair ties in my wallet in case urs breaks
me:
mood board
hungry and I feel like eating ice creammm
Trying not to take a nap rn even tho tired bc if I take a nap I know I be able to sleep later
only real ones know
i miss hoseok
Really need to make a dentist appointment! These wisdom teeth are killing me
This is so sad fr idek him & I feel some type of way about this
hey sexies rt/like to b in a kpop gc
- have me blocked
- stan nct ateez n girl groups
- hello trolls
Wait till tomorrow if u want pumpkin burek
Never Bobby...
I want to forget all about you
Wow i love you too
Wish I could, but I'm broke.
Being oppressed let's me know I'm living my truth
i cant say a thing about that cause i want things go well and smooth for you
I love this goof
listening to my mother talk on the phone with HER mother.. telling her dying ... bro I even believe this is my life
LPS OJITOS
ductape them to ur torso also hve fun tmr
Everybody I know is at a carne asada right now
...
...
japan always gets the best bts content
This is so devastating
I know the feels. natural skin is goddamn beautiful.
shoutout to the irish education system
Absolutely not. That is so disgusting.... I feel so sorry for this girl
figures i was only
DE UMA CARNE LINDA DE PRIMEIRA
But he listen to me
im one of your biggest supporters but today.......you broke my heart man smh
My throat is as dry as my DMs
Snitch
mean to cause you a breakdown
attack me just dumb
I be so lonely
Why bad things always happen when everything is getting better
What about me
Had a bad stomach, couldn't sleep, fell to sleep, woke up now have a bad stomach again hate my chronic illness so much
If you dealt with addiction (either yourself or with someone close to you) then please keep your
I really just spent $100 at ULTA pissed i wish i was one of those girls who looked pretty without makeup >:(!!!!
update i bought them
at being a flop? wbk. the other girlies succeed at being flops unlike laurel
& just like that the MOOD has changed
We lose everytime we wear these... and we got uga this week
damn i was gonna ask you to bring me back some wings
Why is hoseok the most beautiful precious man on earth? I need answers juiceyo i need answers too juiceyo
Gonna regret staying up and listening to hiplife at 7am
i do these tarot readings for fun btw i know its all a lie and is about projection im not stupid its just fun
imagine if i had just dressed in boy clothes
Ta bom assim?
My face breaking out
I swear everytime niggas start eating good they gotta be cancelled
traveling to Kolkata from Cossimbazar Railway Station
send me exclusives
well you tell ME that
I need more taejin mutuals please
I haven't even GB episode 2
I hate when good intentions backfire
what did u gain from this
surrounded by negan stans and anti richonners...pls send help
I think that i have a bit of a cold
I was just waiting for the end and the flight attendant saying that she was moved to 1st class
No te creas, uy
you are my only exception melhor
these games are getting harder and harder
i never thought of that
I was excited to pick these then the storm took the tree from my grandma yard
I also miss you too!!! come to pitt
Thought she died in the anime cuz of escanor but clearly she
i think abt 150321 joy every night before i sleep...... her strawberry blonde hair and squishy cheeks her
omg pls i keep getting this and idk what that means
Today was perfect softball weather
but gotta be at work for 5
sighs in white
he'd rather shit in his hands & clap ffs he hates us
i jus want a cute nose bless me
tried to get it for sougo and failed
he really look like that
Well... same here
Big shame... gotta be hi or really dumb to believe lies...
Classic Cowboys
Damn bro aight then
sunday nights are so sad
Billie Eilish performing unreleased song dedicated to Jah
Hum dil de chuke sanam changed my perspective on this and people say tv shows and movies doesn't teach you anything
ok I'll stop
Omg am I too late
yes I just like to remind myself
you right..
the ripped out pieces of paper and the whiteout is because my hands are rly shaky & bc im kinda maybe a little of a perfectionist
it twitter
Political exile
crazy thing is I knew something was going to be up to Tuck today and nobody believed me
To triste
i don't want to work anymore
the type to give u kithes as rewards
That was the most Dallas Cowboys way of losing a game.
Coming home after work to a cold empty bed
Ffs ... I'm actually angry n beyond upset
8. uhh mean when I mean to be mean
Already there
My mom is so patient with me.
21. only english
omg actually vers but my pisces venus allow me to top very often
Idk if I can for 2
Damn I believe you gone
This the sad shit that be happening to good people bruh
Meu bb foi embora
how many teams would love to have a D that only gives up 13 in a game
Almost
i should clicked the second one sigh
Need help with my japanese homework. Can't figure out this translation
Can all the fandoms just quit fighting.
and then they make u pay for their nudes when u finally do get some
maybe bc you leave them on read
u know what... ik hindi puro tungkol sa jowa at lovelife ang mundo pero i really wish i had a gf
Is just so got damn painful so to see a friend having r/s for years then tiba tiba jumpe dia kata dah break
There are many problems associated with sleeping too early
RIGHT like ... the short hair looked good and acting like Bella been getting hers snipped since pow pow
I havnt been happy in a long time and faxx. Just day to day
U WEREN'T EVEN ANNOYING GISSELLE...</3 SURPRISING HOW THIS PIC DOESN'T DO JUSTICE TO U BC UR ABT 100x MORE BEAUTIFUL IRL
RIGHT like ... the short hair looked good and acting like Bella been getting hers snipped since pow pow
With my current bank account balance be selling my apple products
Another week as a cowboy fan
about to relapse on doritos thanks to this comment
But we are two worlds apart
oops sorry
why are we so loud
Assume your acts sian
People learn to Lie at some point.Because Everyone doesn't deserve to know the Truth..!!
You're the drug that I'm addicted to
And I want you so bad, but I'll be fine.
man i had a dream i met neil and i got to give him a hug and damn i wish it were real
I miss my best friend us before staying up late vs after. tired bc Jonathan know how to let
okay
i wanna see her actually roast pete
im sad i cant read now i have homework i forgot to do over the weekends for todays class and like i take 2 hours to read 1 mdzs chapter
i eat raisin brain cereal n mint ice cream
My bebe is getting so big. She is almost 3 years old. They grow up so fast
You lil peep fans attacked me for no reason
She been wanting to movie, eat, or drink anything and I finally got her to lay on the bed seeing a vet soon
restock the stripes king
I know deleting pictures can hurt this much. But the only way so you could move forward in life.
Well it's half past midnight here so it's fair maybe I want to talk with yuta about all of that too
Had to be an adult today taking care of the kitchen. Missing out of all that on
believe I gave away my lucchese boots, I want them back lmao
If only
where is bailey.
Thanks for the discouraging words.
Wow my heart
Can we ever catch a break?!
Missing my snuggle buddy
Smh a big ass cowboys fan but no cowboys or donkey shit this season smh losing the easiest games I hope they get better
straight. Gotta go and handle some business. Last last flag was debatable tho
wait to see my mom we really got some talking to do
I am so excited yet so upset to be seeing for the 3rd and final time on Sunday, will miss them so much
imagine if they were actually this BOLD
Yes he
I was shookt!!
im in 8th grade
He just wanted a hand
Lmao. I remember wanting to go to the Fantasy Factory soooo badly.
& RIP Big Black
Sigh
Twitter is all political now
Lol but idk if you gotta have a Card for shit like that ... and I
You gotta make those.
Ohhh sooo close! Big disappointment for the Cowboy Fans!
Come back
go study you child. im not touching your dm
it was time for a new layout bye bye black haired seulgi with bangs
please ive given u all my money
i know he was one of my faves too
mas eric tb eh
i love when he does >that< face so cute and precious and die for him anytime
Close but not close enough
3-2 week for the supercontest. Moves to 23-9-3 YTD. JAX a terrible pick . Eagles choke job. But, take it.
i read but thank youu
Womp Womp. That penalty killed them. Sorry.
Sorry about the immature fans
not even gonna stay for the hors
1h falando mal de certos
The fact that inzayn and zayn will never notice me makes me so sad
She been wanting to move, eat or drink anything and I finally got her to come inside seeing a vet ASAP
No more afternoon naps for me I hate not being able to fall asleep
I have classes again since it's monday. We going inactuve for whole week again.
Literally !!!!
YOU BELONG WITH you belong with me
Tough loss mane
Monday
Sucks being a cowboys fan w Jason Garret as HC
Bummer, I tried injecting my emulated Mother 3 save file into a repro cart and the Retron 5 wont recognize it
Hey guys, my name really isn't Catnip... it's Catfish
touched kidney money ina while starting 2 miss it
can zayn follow me soon
wish i could remember,,, it was a nice dream
/ unfollow please.
Dude, I didnt know what it was until 3-4 years ago and I'm 26 now On top of that I used to get
Shut up he looks like a rich 50 years white lesbian mom
They just need some vitamins
Now that I'm looking for the people I used to follow, I noticed that it looks like mich is talking alone
so os nojo
entendo
Sorry to say that but sad today Ana kman sad
I have to get one of those costumes!! I wish they had a Unicorn one
We're not friends anymore
Everyone is like eating sumthin good and im stuck at work all day
i rlly think that ifs and arohas hates me bc they NEVER complete the mutual i am sad
Draft kings is smoother than fanduel im transfering over to them from now on.
His hands look so dainty and pretty with the thin rings im going through it
We haven't seen each other naaaaa
we must always
zoroark movie now
and the main villain already messing up the city already
No, just a snap filter I do want to get piercings soon, though
I thought jk was yoongi gsgagsvzhsua i freaked out so much for my delulu ass
yes i know i am THAT DUMB
I'm still avoiding this topic bc i'll miss it too
PMA or AERONAUTICS?
all these likes but nothing
Being a Dallas fan truly hurts
bc how can it figure that out when they cant even prove vampires are real yet
YES I AM GLAD GOOD GOD IM SO XMMDKGKD
she'd probably say youre already one foot in the grave if youre 18+
Tf
Yeah but... it made my heart starting being way too fast traumatized forever
I used to miss him ...then I realized how bad he let himself go
its good but not the best
May Pa hearing na namin si the Queen of Delay
Or are you mad because i tell you my business
or
when you said i seem to be so happy, i actually am.
discord jail...
I was looking cute today too
Ugh, the worst feeling
Me at this point with the Cowboys
she has heart problems so it's always scary to hear when she has another episode
looks like she got a lot on her mind
Lo to be honest...she is always with her friends
I need to catch her alone
The heart is like a box It grows the more you love, perhaps you could feel the same way about me if you gave me
Man always like my art but never rt
i take it back........i do math and i drive...i have failed as a bisexual
I wish i was playing!!! Lol but im at work
We all felt this.
Please be okay sweet boy
Ravens lose by one after Justin Tucker misses first PAT in 223 tries
It's one of my fave choreos
He was
Simon fuckin ass hat
I-Is anyone good at derivatives and calc physics i have a test tmrw, and if i fail my 73 gonna go down the drain
rip kurt cobain
i was like only 1 minute late ??????? juz traffic yg hal :")
Two more and I'm done can someone remind me to wake up early, fix my nails, print the speeches and buy the blue
This what happens when I get high now...like a fucking demonic possession
it snowed today
we didn't do anything to deserve u either but here we are
when you tell people a joke and they appreciate it
smooches your tiny fist soft..
you keep trying to be relatable and not working
can you believe lucas can sing, dance, and model. he has it all
It would be like a cock ring
oomf
FUCK MOE
i need this man out of my life but i keep going back and he keeps coming back
lil sexy freak
ruining me
I know but I can't, like holidays just start on the Friday for me
blocked me just because i sent them this picture
omg oomfies those videos video edits just acting out the song by photos im that bored
I believe on November 2nd it has already been a year since my cousin was killed at work
If mono releases at 12 am kst im really gonna sneak out of lecture and listen in my restroom
i don't even know what those are
Last time I cried & why yesterday lmao. Anxiety attacks be HITTIN
these refs are no joke
I wants 13 too
Clem omg this breaks my heart
I meant turning this into an efed. One of these days learn to proof read better.
everyone keeps clowning his hair but I like it
life sucks especially when you have class at the time mono drops
I wish I could but i already got my ticket
I wish I listened to my gut more often
zoroark movie now
and the main villain's already messing up the city in the first half hour
Her: funny but it hurts
The good thing about God is that no matter how much you mess up He will always forgive a repented soul
I love horses. My friends never want to go horse back riding with me
probably gonna be asleep when GSC releases tickets for Burn The Stage in Midvalley sigh the time difference is really not helping
if only u delete ur tweets abt pride night have a good day!
CUANDO VOY A CONOCER A TERESA IM SO SAD
Can I get a Hog win and a Dallas win in the same weekend?! Is that too much to ask ?! oh it is?! Ok
I,,, a Halloween classic
this is MY JOKE
sorry
I gotta stop looking at my fantasy teams before the 3:00 games end because I always get excited to get let down
ive overused that
I feel you brother
coworker goals
Who done it let me white knight my homies
are you kidding... have you seen mingyu? that boys tiddies have been out in the wind for the past year and a half
hot and he knows it
Meu Deus
bashed for being too pretty
those are old
Energy drink that late was not a good idea.
their hordes spilled out of tumblr and invaded our verdant lands
my raiders doing horrible this year its coo still raider nation
mx are lucky i love them
They hurt everytime.
Y'all forgot Myles' hair on this injury report
2nd place Solo Tournament in Fortnite
And look what has shown up! right Sunday night.
Westbrook back and I took the under
I say that but nobody else. Who am I gonna give all this affection to
I was in such a hurry for work I forgot my jacket and gonna be so cold on all my overnights
well.... this aint it sis
For you
(__|__
| /
/ \
I'd go
__|__)
\ |
/ \
Step to a dude much bigger than me
I'm not that funny but UWU
Wow. so messed up. sorry that happened to you.
Our Ag industry cousins got totally screwed to bolster fascist cred....
Me tooo! so sad soo beg for men when be better off without
Damn. sad I see this sooner. I loved to have been in the chat
get around to it one day i promise
16 year old heartbroken Dil says otherwise
I know why so persistent. sure a lot of other guys out there for you. sorry I
Either conversing got harder in 2018 or just a boring individual. Like how do people make friends
ohhh, he followed the instagram of 'the man blk' chani
oof i was scared i had spoiled anything to you i still haven't finished watching the anime so i
smh, look at us cowboy fans.
Todos son iguales
twitter never shows me i love you too
Asthma sucks
a soft, fluffy bitch help it
i miss kevin doan being two inches away from me
steal little accounts tweets for your own. how
Man not my boy KT
Life is too short man
Such a solid guy ,friend , classmate and more
Always a blessing to be
try to tweet ab furries and u get accused of bein one.. no ones safe
Still sent to a pumpkin patch
post malone really walking around like
- i fall apart /
|
/
\
my cat ran out the house without his collar so how am i gonna hear him comin
Agree a big fan of him too
Both of our teams fell short today
Im already there assln age is just a number
8-8 season here we come
God
Can I please skip this month
i gotta learn how to play lucio and zen cause everyone is picking ana and moira in my games
My chest hurt
Unfortunately my new job does not grant me the day off to attend the match
The irony is downright painful.
My aunt teaching me traditional stichting. This style has been rapidly moving to machines
Tell your friend stop sending me messages cause I do not want to hear him
Woke up because of a stupid dream. Now sad! Cause the dream felt so real....
Damn.. heartbreaking to see
Thank you Betty. searched and searched but I think available in the UK
Pwease momma dun and momma joseph are swad when we say the f word it ruins trees kweep it clean spread the word
Hate this fucking job
RIP, Officer Toney, and prayer for tour family.
this bitch really made me look like a dumbass,
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again? w-wow I do believe~
I don't know. . Check it for me, chanhee.
tilly has my chromecast so i can't watch any tv hope she enjoys it
What like to be a Dallas fan
Today has been a rough one
just want someone i can send my uwus too
SCATHATCH is a queen. Srsly tho, that 1% rate is no fuckin joke. Rate up is a lie. BIG FUCK YOU to fgo
learned
AYABAJW I LOVE YOU
**** *** ** *** ***
jssjsj i swear i dont suck that many toes
misty day em coven
Ya estoy gordito
i know
6 years since my last Masskara Festival
I can NEVER have anything good in my life cause all I do is fuck shit up... such a worthless person
That uppercut
just played five nights at me = scared
I'm sorry queen take these for your heart instead
i need this to come back joons and kookies recommendations oof
i feel so guilty you noticed my friend too
Why my love?
Not only are you beautiful on the outside you are beautiful on the inside
I wish icarly was on Netflix
wait but this the right shape I wanna crop
The dropped ur gay joke rly got u sis
No, this is a kill pen worker. They're not any better. They make money by sending horses to slaughter.
gordon did me dirty today by being injured
You exposed yourself, you are to blame for ruining your non existent reputation
No, these are my real clothes
big insult to es there damn
i know harry is like broad and strong and shit but i just feel like so SQUISHY in a hug
are you home already? No
I know exactly what you mean girl. Ive been depressed all week.
does sign language count as one
We want you to go
awww That's cute:) Have you even had your first kiss yet? it was a joke
Rather get blown out then to lose like that....
been hard of hearing since birth and 18 so 18 years for me
khalil died so my love for seven could run
Esp those people with yellow piss
eu amo esses dele
so fuckin defeated bruh
renjun hours put on hold for just a little for this other cutie
hey guys just played five nights at mood = scared
I did today & whole heartedly meant it.
i won't
Nop
tbh I accepted either option but jk was my last choice oops
All the girls retweeting this to make themselves feel better after being dumped with you guys
good for her, op is bitter
21.
This adventure can be quite draining. But our little Daikon pushes on!
.
.
.
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he
Eu tbm
we rely on kicking a field goal, taken it all the way
I Wanna Go On a Date
The way cowboys lost today is heart breaking
i cant believe there are people who dont like my page miss me with that no taste in music
When the first tweet good enough
I saw the original tweet been exposed
you really want me gone huh
leaving now
i want nhc and irl mutuals
Really know why I feel so freaking sick I hate this
omg that was my first horror movie
wow i love rah even though we talk much i deserve this ily
love my hetero parents
you were right, kind of, 20-17
senior pictures are tomorrow and im breaking out
Your head big I know
going to bed my mind just stop racing
SAD FOR YOU
good lookin bro but white they listen
what a qt
Damn I felt that
Slt Taicko fait lgtmps
maybe we just imagined him this whole time
Me I'm sorry
Is it possible to love too hard?
why do short people feel the need to remind me short every two seconds
Can confirm
i'm in daniel's, reece's and michael's lane if you wanted to know
You the only one
FUCJC can I get my zayn notice soon
Stay strong aite.. sorry to hear bout your loss. Take care fam.
same
wrong?
i accidentally walked into the room and saw a guys duck
gonna fuck around and report me
yes
Tomorrow really Monday
alright.
guess where at rn
Exactly
bush meat soon come
imsorrythatsmyfault
So people still use tinder?! I matched with anyone yet
I guess you are human after all
spare me* if that's even what he says
Yeah, but it last not so long, only one week
I wish we could have a fish tank
GOOD MORNING
Her mother is taller than her
Imma try to hold it down until done with school though cause God gone get me if I cut up right now.
Same
He just wanted to go on tour.
Life is pretty fucked
Just when I thought the Sunday scaries going to hit this weekend
Daniel Kaluuya act
Michael B Jordan either
Every time the cowboys lose I think at least we have winners like the but yeah not anymore
Thank you mother
tfw
miss you too much
look at my dms I sent u that pic I took of you back in march
This criminal minds episode rlly got me in tears rn
you were an og found organless member then you left and it hasnt been the same without you ily though
"You got a new number again?"
This season really over :(
/\
/ \
how was your day? tiring, i wanna nap :( but not even home
i really regret leaving all my hw last min now
Where is tough guy act now?
Throwback to when he had good grades
excuse my layout for rn trying to find a header
I wanna get drunk and stream w someone
Miss you too
Sad part is I thought I FINALLY had one. Fooled me
The doggie was with the shits more than her dude, damn
why she still single tho YALL GET YO HANDS ON ELLA! SHES A KEEPER
Sorry about your wife m8 x
Saw this before, beautiful but sad
used to be our days
i really wanna play the hunger games game with my mutuals but organizing it is too much work and i got hw
Osh
just a man fucking a barbie
Worse Sunday Ever At Work !!!
idk wtf to be 4 Halloween can someone help a sis out
my grandparents really be coming for me about my ripped jeans
I just wanna be able to grow a sick beard to impress my homies
come to me i will be home alone for 10 days
I really miss Demi Lovato. I hope doing alright.
Whenever I realize that life keeps going and the same old shit each week
Snowdields/Newcomen St
Morning
Whose paying for the invasion?
come back
sleep without crying anymore
b u t
sell my nudes to go to Paris
complicated
i regret not buying the bari shirt
it twitter mote
If you had mono in your display name it'd be more aesthetic, just sayin'
Depression sucks
day 31 without a haircut
And just like that I gotta go again see you all in twelve (12) hours I hate long hour flights
Same.
poxa oq eu fiz
Why tf am I short I missed so many chances yesterday cuz everyone was huge and nobody saw me
sorry but this picture just did something
A damn mood Go get some hot cocoa and chill
I miss the feeling of missing somebody
What if its BTS A-RMY
Head Coaching and quarterback play
remember when scooter braun dmed me and set me straight
I really miss having a bff
I stop watching this video omfg send help
Some guys get to have all the fun!
lol why people only follow me when i have a dp up ??? how yall prefer HALF of my face over my amazing content..disappointing
Dawg I..fuck you so pretty for damn
still recovering from my loss
HAHAHA YEA or maybe it's that boombox he's carrying
not a seizure
cowboys play next week
No sleep for me tonight... impossible to get comfortable
No
Lord knows I wish he was here to witness it all. I miss my baby so damn much.
just blessed to be alive at this point
I was beast af at soccer even when I was high as shit, but I stopped playing and kept smoking
I feel like this one on the o line.. we can point the finger all we want but we lost so that all that matters
you already clown me
he's really THAT type of boyfriend huh
sorry I had to rt
is ever a perpetual
hes the prettiest ever how does he do it
so impatient for everything I swear
sorry baby love
Ugh.
hey guys just watched the new halloween movie mood = wigless
I can relate I said bye like three times and no one said it back and been getting yelled at the whole time
except i changed the names
not being a tease
i FELT that to the mf bone alan left today 1 n ive been emo since
I tossed and turned all night then woke up viscously throwing up and it just want to stop I want my mom
goodmorning
anyways I have really bad cramps so I hope I d*e
Don't think I'll be falling asleep before 1am today, the brain has gone into pensive mode..
I cry
Ei, eu amo mais
about to die at 12 kst tho so if we have any other work for them we better get it in before then
exposed again
Miss Clare finally came off private so brave
Time to change my
I stop thinking about how much my life would change if someone just gave me a couple million dollars
The closest I'll ever get to good character design
nem a Eduarda aguenta mais kk
still have a washboard butt
no thats she dont like the lights
Mizzou just have nice things.... too bad.
smh, kids drinking early these days what has humanity come to
honorable mentions that didnt make the cut
So true
dna era was superior
coming out the closet using night mode
i thought i was the only one
i breathed
rewatch it maybe become a norman bates stan
Bad, BAD headache
true true it was a good era. when i saw bdpt2 in the movies i couldnt help but cry when it played in that scene
Good thing I work because I handle the stress my Cowboys give me!
to chorando cuteeee
like an apn :( advanced practice nurse but... lesbian
No one knows
We would just have a night out being crackheads all together
I fucked up bad
I'm sorry to my american trans friends this is scary
My bd just called me like just tell me why you show in the saddest voice ever! I said tell me why
Am I too sensitive? Cause I've been in tears everytime I smell your sweater
Currently missing California sunsets
Ne
I saw an alert about brother nature. What did he do? I saw something about racist tweets
when will there be...game of thrones world
; clexa
(yes this is my edit sucks but whatever)
I am but only one to add to those followers
I just want another snack sum new new for the hp coming soon
i don't even know who's the sender. welp.
I did the most embarrassing thing
dry
Me too
The road to another 8-8 year
i wish he still with us
can yoongi come and talk about the weather a bit? getting cold in south career rn
so upset I take any good hoco pictures
gotta get this bread
No one knows yet but looks like a family issue
Todo el fucking
it is what it is
valentino quirkloss couldve at least given me a shoutout before he was exposed smh
Disgusting. Sad. Shocking. Very disheartening.
Well, my just came in. Sorry it was to dark for a fly in. But I heard Welcome home fellas!!
has released millions of documents, but he realease one needy cat (myself)
i know this is gonna flop but i could rlly use it rn
i wish my dog could just stay w/ me forever watching him grow old is starting to hurt
Miss him every day
imagine thinking felix is untalented AND ugly... be me
I have no idea just hoping and praying that recovering well.
The life of a Mizzou fan continues...
The 49ers should just sit out this season stop playing games maybe end up with a better record and not embarrass ourselves
my throat is not getting better but I regret screaming my lungs out for bts concert 2 days ago
I have them but need like 25 I think its very possible
have mercy on me looking all good and all
it made sense when i said it
thirst anon!
Ms. Martha, I'm so sorry. It sounds like your husband was your heart. I will pray for you. I was on
We have got to be cursed
Hunus really pay extra to blend it.
it do be like that
When you realize not in Florida anymore to have your brother take you to get your favorite fast food
Bro my shoulders are broad af thats why i dont look feminine
A moment of silence
tfw everyone screams for her but when another girl sings its quiet pleassss im sad
sick and sad
But ive slept for the past 2 days so I'm feeling a lot better ~
Hbu?
even patient and forgiving.. sigh idk man
I agree Mauricio! So frustrating
Days like this I miss her more than ever
They take everything
Too soon
i want to have a matching bio with someone with sauce lyrics
i wait to move to new york
i only have josephkahn
zayn really feeding huh
theyre so tired instead of talking they text instead
i
They could all ruin my life and my guts
a vid of a guy fucking a Barbie doll going around and one of my oomfs retweeted it
not surprised. i have a thing for men never love me back
My mom also cakap Needs to add more dates for Burn The Stage The Movie jangan lawan cakap ibu ibu ni beishsisk
I want one
i wish i could
sometimes the truth is sad
really mad that I fell asleep when I did last night.
ouch got me there buddy am pure crying now. fuck off ya prick hahaha
not everyone knows how to open thing w knives op i cut my finger on a tuna can three times in a week
Taking these
Reply with pics of Cody since I got a new phone all gone
I ran out of Fabuloso so I boiled some bleach...TELL ME WHY I PASSED THE FUCK OUT
Haii falling skin and tired so no
No sorry
Needed that thank you Kevin
pls ,,, think of the children
i miss malec so much
SHE LITERALLY PAYS ALL OF HIS BILLS i could never
i wish the whole album was as good as this song
OH WORM!?? i only get them on special occasions cause the place i get them is far
you always be calling me cute and we always fight about who love each other most dhskdb i wish we could talk more i love you bub
My chest hurts
true story the victim in the photo
an army but beyond the scene outsold
its time to replay khddd on standard again to farm for all the mfin dream pieces and get ryu dragon for super glide
Another tough weekend in Ohio
Certainly will be in a great mood to start the up coming week
okay
If COD didn't die so fast on PC I would buy it on PC
Mine is
how do people have a productive day I can't even read for 5 minutes..m
im so emo ive just realised this is the longest me and tia have been apart in like 14 years, i miss my main bitch
Do you know what's painful after finishing this sem? It is the fact that we'll be saying goodbye to our dear students.
I had a typo
why is everyone calling me bible now
Cowboys be disappointing me
I been acting all fat today I made my scampi dinner and still ended up at Wing Stop
He keeps sending me pics of his goth fashion sense and i love it
The game tonight is on the play calling once again... Dak balled out and D just a great job on zeke
KAJSKSKSKSKSKSJ is that even a question maggieland
Damn this sounds somewhat like my job
I was like "wow its nice being able to afford groceries, maybe I'll be able to go out in a few weeks" today
huge
can I get one sigh
LAUANA EU TO COM MUITA SAUDADE DE MONSTA QUE ODIOOOOO O WONHO ME PROMETEU UM
Sorry
My speaker charge
it cost a lot to save the environment
always getting hung up on the wrong guys
It's a Naruto thing guys
Nigga it got half naked pictures of me too
agreed
Ughhh I was trying to be nice
are you and em dating? not yet
You don't want a kiss from me?
lei we dont talk alot like we used to when we were emo but we should fix that also record dancing videos coward
Horrible
Trans people
yes, for 6 days
i can't to be antinazi in peace, it's so sad
I really have no plans for next weekend
Aafs ooo arependimento viu
i shall
If you are a basketball fan, I am sincerely sorry. These Porter boys have really been through it with injuries.
I hate third wheeling
JDJSJDIEJFJ UR SO CUTE ANYTIME U SEE JIMIN u IMMEDIATELY SAVE THE PIC DJISJD honestly . Same i Love u
lele's the only one who answers my dms, thank you
bc she likes all my tweets
you right
I really can't think str8 love you dae rest easy
77: demanding but cute honestly ugh 10/10 would let demand again
time to completely skip out on stray kids and monsta comeback
but separate purchases because u can only buy 2 boxes at a time
my future daughter ain't ever gonna dress up as a black cat for halloween. 1 step closer to being a furry smh
What the fuck man. Not a good situation to be in.
it really do be like that sometimes
always tired smh
but what about when u go back to school who will spend time with me during the day then
probably cuz flops
I'm sorry
I can relate
we havent talked a lot and i always see you in my tl hdkdvd you and your gf are kinda cute hope y'all stay strong mwah
I was starting to get worried about him. You just hate to see stuff like that. Kid was promising
ask kayla she probably has it
i really want a dia album but i cant justify myself spending 25-30 bucks for only 6 songs
Maybe then my ex will take me back
my princess, may the power be with you!
Blizzard banned my account after I rp'ed as Mr. Peabody for a few hours in team chat.
Soonest they could get us in
hi uh request to follow my rant
the cowboys suck
Bro why is tony romo not apart of the coaching staff this man knows what talking about
ya but only 2 days out of 7
PLEASE IM SORRY LSKDK it was funny to me
Absolutely DISGRACED by , SAD
I know brother. I still cry to this day
My entire class has this issue and I understand
About You Know by Miranda Cosgrove really be hitting me in my feelings
been patient and forgiving.. sigh, idk man
that shit hurted
it's really killing me that ive been missing church, cause of work
i'm on my johnny soft hours
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
Me on Friday after school, honestly
the l is an i
you probably know my name
the best times
i still have some holidays left also then xmas holidays
can you uh recommend sum skz moots i need to prepare for tomorrow uuh idk
I just wanna ride with my man while listening to slow jams
That's nice. It's good to see him gaining even more recognition, even if it is posthumously
wld scorpio be better
Letting go as a parent is the hardest thing you'll ever have to learn to do
Blizzard banned my Overwatch account after I rp'ed as Mr. Peabody for a few hours in team chat.
Pinchis gachos...
he looks so tired please rest well love. eat lots of food, stay hydrated and healthy. i hope you won't get
out of every song, why black on black
i blame you tank
what it lacks in limbs in makes up for in soul
why let this flop
the truth
I blame you tbh
WOW not surprised
Vem flop.
- i want a friendship with you.
- i want a chance with you.
- i want to protect you.
- i hate you.
thought would think this was cute
No! California
Good mor~ning
I'm sorry for late reply~ I'm soo sleepy last night . . .
How are you~?
Mood
iwwill be initiated into the oatmilk cult soon
Can u me if teasers are out while i will be at school or sleep
I won one game and calling me a loser
omg i tweeted about them in a while but i do in fact miss stevetony
Stop it or I'll cry
Now I want one but I get one
I didn't see any bright spot this game for the 9ers.
but gonna do it all over again
This caravan coming is going to be a battle between love & the GOP
I hope there's a way to organize massive
I know right? Same. FML
I hope Taeyong will take care of himself more. His health is the most important
I think Florida HAS worms....
Sorry for my late reply happy Monday choo!
the slander on freakshow hotel and asylum
tudo bem.
I ALMOST CHOKED BITCH
thank you
ion got nobody i can really rap to
Hell yeahhhh it does
pressure cookers scare me so much
foreskin no problem when shits hard ya feel
but i am though i look like a whole troll rn
btw my mom took my phone away so no more snap
I wish
Is Halloween really bad?
Just seen a page on Google that confirms he gets killed mate
random AM thought but jm is such a dom I cannot believe many of yall cannot see it
rip
Tu pon copypaste puisi org
All is well doc
Morning call from Lolo Fads. Huhu i miss home
going yeet myself if I get coffee
White Memorial Hospital
Me when with a girl
Hurts my heart when people leave the Mavs then ball out
Really, I just want to cry today.
9.98$ shipping just wait the three weeks
I wish things were so much better
Sometimes I listen to the same song like 4 times when high because too lazy to skip
I only play the ukulele
we
Man, that sucks for Jontay. been a projected top 10 pick all offseason
antes de la tragedia
it's ok to say it's not valid. i'm going to try and find a stream bc i realised my mistake and i can't do that to my parents
to quote Chumbawamba: get knocked
Miss him too mate
Hope you are well
Ive missed you bullying me
Even more than 85%, depending on whom you ask. sad.
so precious... i love namjoon so much
Jusr Dance
you have too many of their best songs too far down the list I cant
I have something to confess............ been watching naruto in dub
Going be a long week
this what heartbreak looks like
i thot u were a catfish till u sent me a selfie ur so cute THE
Infinity War definitely hurts just as bad the second time as it did the first.
He a zarry the other day
imma redo my pinned tweet
How be sprinkling cheese on your food that hot enough to melt the cheese
No
i want to be in a minghao or bambam gc
I get so drunk I put this Hennessy in my system
known Jorge Caso since elementary school....wow I believe this
Idk I guess they think a trend or something
I know why I do the things I do yazi
ig toms money ran out so he buy a new phone and so sad we should start a gofundme
i always regret spending money on food
We getting worked by the Kings
Why you gotta be like that
I hate sunday nights
i really should try to write better in spanish or just write in english
i love you
try me because i am friends with telling me they have friends?
JDJSJFJSD WE FULL TIME CRYING also why did u have to be one year older this is discrimination
I REMEMBER. u have a point
you are NOT a baby
disclaimer: it is a jaguar. sorry for offending my diego stannies
How I feel
Left melting
wiatkslslls I thibk im deleting this au and doing another one
aniyah thank u SO MUCH
I just really thought maybe i waa wrong or sum but naw nigga u just fw the ugly hies n im
Ugh I love him sorry for my camera quality filmed on an iPad
. .
This might be the worst news heard heard in a while
why isn't there more idkhow content
hoje eu tava mt fofa serio
if you say this me... then we be friends
read this please
oof i wish i could use some fortune
Few hours is too long sometimes
me checking my email every hour to see if my matt champion hoodie has shipped yet
I genuinely think having the worst night of my life.
Guess be seeing the Avatar 2 trailer later than everyone else !!
Logging: off
She talks a lot abt the ot9, ot10 situation these days and probably gets a lot of hate from it
OMG SHE'S BACK AAAA I can't believe it..!! I always searched for her username it would just say "user not found"
I just want some spooky sex
what's the song even called
I miss Ahmed. I miss Mac
Bro chill, hard being a Madrid fan these days
Kiss and Make Up has been on repeat maybe a blink
morning
Disappointed
I just want to be good enough and be loved
Buy/Sell Bitcoin changes with up to 100x Leverage at Bitmex!
Get 10% Fee Discount:
Click
Yea, I hope so! Last one
Buy/Sell Bitcoin changes with up to 100x Leverage at Bitmex!
Get 10% Fee Discount:
Click
Been craving for ice cream
Yes, that is my president
I miss you
Chateadaaa RS
jsjsjs thank you
still called almighty so lame
Con fe csmr
imagine laying down with him after a tiring day
this is flopping
jaemin is so handsome & lucas is trying to make it on my bias list
i hope you find fuck soon, somewhere youbjust need to find it
Athens
KKKKKKKKKKKKKK eh bem triste
some of us are really dumb
It was pretty bad, but he disabled the comments, so now all gone
i have reached my final form as a lesbian
im sorry i dragged nick i just couldn't think of anything to specify him
Sigh
I need another salt beef with hot mustard on a bagel. Missing London already.
He said hes getting me a perfume for my birthday , we love a goth and considerate lovely lovingly
15. this morning,, the reason: mark lee
16. cheesecake!
Suddenly, I'm losing my appetite again
You're all I ever wanted
And all I ever needed
Even if you pretend
PLEASE LOVE ME AGAIN
damn he prepped her good
This would be the first Ravens game I go to in 7 years
let me flop oomfs
Bro I did so much fried shit last night like damn why I gotta be fried all the time I lost too much important shit sick
Just got to get to Wednesday for physio
a true horror story
it be your own fans
I can't withdraw any money nor swipe my card... Idk wtf going on
it's only 8 am why am i awake
One of these days get it
I still love my header
Oh que c'est triste
Dang Everybody hates Mickey
They probably want attention
Soon as I get a job in atmore I'm coming back I'm miss my bestie
I NEED YOU MORE TODAY
pleath follow meh
actually...... nice
so brave,, your country thanks you
Not you too brother nature
When your contact splits in your eye and now you see out one eye I need lasik surgery now fuck wearing
pls grab my ass like that
My eyes are so heavy
THIS IS WHY YOU RETURN TO SCHOOL FOLKS
I think we all need a little love... the world needs it. Shit.. i think I need it.
a mars retrograde you silly goose! But it is libra season...
relate
BTS and A... army? Ariana?
Back to work tomorrow unfortunately lol
*tae and that actress dating?Since when is kookie acting? Sigh his talents are endless damn ikr
Damn my son gotta deal with a whole family of dramatic dead beats
I'm confusion,.. at what time mono will be available?? pls don't tell it's at 6am in my country
***** Awwwwwwwww Sana already for you? have 2 motivate you! "Fiday,Saturday & Sunday we
jake sounded so good on ig story though maybe we stan
Me and my broken heart have been trying to heal all day
you tackled me out of nowhere today but i wish we could talk more!! you seem funny + you like anime so hehehe
Louis gotta deal with her now the ignorants unite!
I want to do an au again
Its over bro.
Morning anxiety.
No but i refuse to put rl face on my social
stay have me cruising in my feelings
Ima mess around and fall back to sleep
im sorry im a fake friend dana im using you for your cat
40. american
I miss John so much
I just wanna talk to my Fav and honestly think I today
It looks a little dusty but we still stan
we used to do this shit every week for months
Lebron: Chris I came to
Paul: you
Lebron:
im watching hocus pocus for the first time this month
Look up brother nature
how can i forget
There's your motivation.
Amath il est troo brutal.
coven has zyle tho
we're not fighting today, jordan. i'd actually go into full aries fighting mode bc i've actually been annoyed
Someone come cuddle me it's so cold in my house
Ready to get back to normal
IMEAN LIKE before the entire shit closes like for good KDJSKJD
I have good memes
i fr was having a rough few weeks and zayn really made me so happy i love him
When you blocked by anyone
feeling sad after watching ana e
wait text me im boredt
Bro you forgot my tag
liver next round!
so hungry and there is no food in this house
I promise I try and study for anatomy but like once i start reading the words and my brain just gives out
happy for my friend Jordan and sad for my friend Frank
Day 2, Bronze Final wrestling freestyle.
14U has been through hell and back I-
They accept international applicants
Tq teng..byk mende la pk skrg hemmm wish me luck babeh
have u ever been to a concert no
I guess I should've
guess no one's perfect
I want to see more crabs and their king
my old snapchat was on 200k but i moved
wish you were right here, right now its ALL good.
lets stan together then
shut up you love me
i know how it fee to lose an acc so i really hope you get your old acc back thank u sm
i know, we're gucci gang dont u remember
me too
Fr it was already sad hours and this almost got me
Your keyboard smashes are ugly but cute Thank you
honestly, i need a fuckin break from everyth
post that jungkook pic icon
Not the same.
i have all my notifications off on my phone because im either leaving someone on read or getting left on read, it can wait
alcohol makes my stummy hurt why do i still drink it
b-bro well played
shouto
look stay tone
i still see your shadow in my room
how do you shut your brain off
All of our games are nail biters at some point.
he's never gonna notice me, rip
Why does everyone hate my sign
But she say I'm cancelled
It was cuddle weather today but I have anyone
Won 12 bucks in my one off dfs play this week. Would have won 500 if I had listened to and played Marlon Mack
make a copy and bring it to chicago for me pls
The sad truth is life isn't fair and it will never be..
i could NEVER be famous, twitter would cancel me so mf fast
I just finished watching Halloween!! It wasn't rlly spooky but it was very entertaining. I liked it :pp also
Thanks brother, the world is so cold
happens almost once an hour
idk gotten into me, so mf stressed and behind on everything
what about me !!? How are u gonna notice me!! Im ugly dont make it worse for me
no season 3 tho
Why are they so cute ugh
really not in the mood to do homework or study
the line friends store in la closes in a week most likely and i cant go
do anything to bring my granny back
Mum just wants some "me" time, but the pups are ever demanding. Poor mum...
i love you too thank you.
Yeah damn I see that thats a lot of em
Damn the Cavs suck too
This soup look nice than the horrible name you people decide to call it..
im an untalented hoe
they just have to keep up their christian image for the conservative whites
My tooth hurty
it was supposed to be pineapple bread
scienceboy
Sad that im way too tired to do anything after work atleast i got my bread
been so inactive sjks too bad missed me
I might have to stop being a Barcelona fan
Congrats How can I let you know I love you V ?
Its been such a trash weekend I'm looking forward to work tomorrow
That Ain't It Cheif
Another day of making him angry.
this time round is my cooking.
treat won
Slowly realizing
damn wheres the credit tho
I don't get the logic.
remember last year when I was cute? What happened
also i want a gf
you shouldve clicked the link
So like...what is there to do on Sunday nights since climax is gone?
changkyun is trully the tiniest
I was hoping CHICAGO won that was a good game too
WorldStar fell off big time
well of course she **** ****
Cheese burger and hot choco tamad kayko magbangon
I was just trying to be nice to Lauren
its not as orange on camera guess ill have to show you in person
When I start an assignment a day before due
Just made a penguin only to be banned within 5 minutes
You can always count on them until they're gone forever
as
Why do the weekends go by so fast
Howard...
Just giving you a heads-up...
Some nefarious activity
going on here?....
You know what hurts? When someone falling for tells you the fuck up, date you in a heartbeat if I
Ikr! It trended 3rd in Morocoo for at least two hours
This month has not been spooky
yer so bootyful
I miss when Lotor was soft I loved him so much
I just wanted a turkey leg
hi u should complete the mutual
this how allen be talking i dont be understanding
50 likes for a face reveal. I promise I look so bad
This is going to be a long season
i know
Walmart will have to forgive me man, I be stealing a lot from em lately
Kings putting 60 on us before even halftime
She'll take my girl, too.
why did we have to lose though
I wanna go to New York
im kinda sad the queen and micheal jackson collab wasnt made
just wish people the people I love showed me more love out here feeling lost
my heart aches every single time
I score for him today
I'd like to know too
ipush ang xu pri
i thought that my overdone sarcasm and flair would have alerted people to the fact that it was me but i was wrong
they already did that to us before
8. im annoying but wbk
Yup we really need to work together
Didn't get a follow
Sometimes I wonder why god had to throw me a fast pitch and make 12 am kst be 8 am mst... when I start school
Where my hug at?
when I noticed mine have one
They always ask time do you come back from Not you want to go
oh, man, she is having some serious bad luck so far poor thing.
Abdul Falls Head First Off Stage in
Girl yes it is been a hard couple of months
when jared sends u a snap but won't reply on discord
I try to root for my cowboys but Jerry Jones and Jason Garret have ruined it for me. We lose in the ugliest fashion
I really just sang timber by pitbull & kesha in my head when I read that
And starting today will not let myself suffer so much pain.
Ugh I always miss out
Adults always quick to tell me not stressed or busy....you do not know my story keep that to yourself
oh god bless. i always write woth typos
i need to date urgently i'm always so horny
nvm he still follows her hopes up for nothing
i feel so honored hearing that from a model like yourself
*evanescent
spelling failed
The actress happens to be the anon. I saw it all
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
JFJHK WAIT WTF NESS ILY KING
One of the most heartbreaking facts of life is that you help someone who want to be helped
sad is Trump lies to your face and insults disabled people denies his
The last ep of has got me feeling all the emotions
kee said my soundcloud shit, that shit hurted
confused
Man enough to say I cried when they played this at the end of this is it movie
My place= All my trash can i guess
So tired of/from the constant violence
Missing Mac this Sunday
he still follows her for me
does this come with a receipt?
I HOPE TO GOD SOMEONE TELLS THIS MANS BEAUTIFUL EVERY DAMN DAY OF HIS LIFE BC THIS SMILE IS WHAT HE DESERVES
missing my babygirl
Let me be sad in peace
He follows so many people that I know and I just wanted to know what was up!
Is this the one u were talking about
I emailed the pap agency to see if retract their claims since been so long now we can only hope for the best now
baz shaved a slit in her eyebrow without me
kashmiri girls be like: wheres my burhan wani lol
So all the conspiracy theories were right, we're living in an AU
Remember I was starving
I know .... very sad.
Go faster
How we went from this to have post Malone, drake, Ed, migos etc on top of the charts
Aww...
Didn't get a follow
The only way I can have a peaceful mind set is when sleeping or with you..
Stan Pentagon their vocals and rap are bomb
the fakes r revealing themselves tonight
timez
sorry you had to sit through that
Wow Mono doesn't deserve this slender
IM NOT A GIANT THE ONLY GIANT IS VAL yoongi and jimin are taller than me
dang girls really be livin in canada like fr
deadass me in combat training
Why is it always guys who are blessed with stupid long lashes
does my acc look ugly?
Omg wtf
he was ahead of his time
and this
The funny thing is, my ult bias only recently found out what chirp chirp from Twitter meant
Yeah I've got the link... still keep getting the same message we've booked elsewhere this time but
lrt if only they made a venom hoodie that looked like that
i trusted u with everything how can u do this to me <|3
I went outside to throw the trash & noticed the rocks were particularly crunchy today.
I stepped on a tribe of snails
I know how it feels f
it hurts the most when people you know and have been friends with unfollows you
Cell people house still have water inno
So all the conspiracy theories were true, we're living in an AU
relate
what happened
to think waterpolo ends this week makes me so sad. this sport has become so important to me and because of it, i met some great people
i-im one of the people who like you heres why u shouldnt
guyth i know im not white but can yall pay attention to me anyway
; maunya apa
Dan Bailey would have hit it..
NDVERMIND apparently he never followed her in the first place
Minus me
favorite shows/movies with a canon lgbt couple i dont rly watch anything but b99 for show and love simon for
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
Wanna dress up for Halloween
F
blood in my eyes, going blind
My skin used to look so good. Now a mess
Picked up a shift for next think imma regret that by the end of the week
Tge predators JUMPED out we need to put some muthafuckers in jail
I be wanting to cry about not having a car but I will figure it out
I wish I could forget it
sorry for your loss babe. My best friends brother passed away today too, from brain cancer.
I love them
he didnt i just jumped to conclusions, he never followed her from the start
grabi wrong with me
I want a teacup dog
literally not but okay
How long does your gums hurt after you get a tooth pulled because I'm bout ready to give up on life. I'm out of Tylenol 3.
he had to do it to em
the struggle
That just about says it all.
good luck
Los
I had to turn on the ac
If you know me this is me but instead of cookie crumbs hot Cheetos crumbs
Just finished this week's post about how I effed up at work and how it reminded me of being fired at an old job.
Guys why do u think Muslim do u even bother reading my tweets
For the last year or so ever since been getting so much more close to my dad my stepmom has been so jealous sad :((((
I have a strong urge to go to Disney world.
Someone I know took away her life just like that. What a news to wake up to.
Join raffle for free MTCs
2nd time ordering a poboy this week
Boycott samgyupshelemet branch na yan! Hahaha yan lang. Miss youuu to chelvin! cute
conplete mutual coward Omg I don't know who u are I usually forget to complete mutuals
can mark post smt, i kinda rlly m*ss him
Are you ever just,,,,NOT the most talented, wise, and, beautiful person on Earth just to flex on Namjoon?
I drove on the freeway for the first time and sad to say that I am still alive and well
dont do that to him.
idk his name but he doesnt deserve that
I wanna be babied..... no love for the single ppl
Her first pimple
i wanna offend u if u like them why
me on a spiritual (n every other) level
I just really need someone love, attention & damn care about me.
My sister just left and I already miss her
pq
Thrashgang is moving into Laila's house
i guess we can add you
true tho! Love those babies through life!
oh he still follows her
Monday blues
here for that
Could you copy paste that to me too please
I found him.... but I lost him
I apologize for my horrendously long snap stories this weekend
No and i wish i did , find a true hetero male friend that does not want to screw me
You can always hmu and we can tell each other why we love bts
Cowo memang selalu...... Di mata cewe
I'm sorry
Just want some attention yah know
i am feeling really down all the time lately i guess i just feel like nothing is going right so thats great
Sempat ke before 27th ni
hasn't it been already
Quality is asss on Instagram so
Tw letting me upload it it should be up now tho legend
It be like that sometimes
to clarify i did not sift through i drank a cup and a half of laxative so it was just kinda. there i eat
How sad! God Save our babies
if never cried into my moms arms like this. holy
On chilly nights I miss having a dog
I work on thanksgiving how am I gonna go for a walk now
when will you stop being the love of my life
his whiskers are so long I could never
I definitely Need A bitch for sad ass days like this
I wanna find bae before I slim down and get famous. I need to know that she'll love the fat me and not just my mega evolution.
I stan bitch call herself army bot even admit that bts did pave the way
sigh love y'all
Can't sleep. I miss you
SOOOOO PLEAHSJEKEEEEJEKEKDBKF IM SO SAD
Why is time going by sooooooo slowwwwwwwww
yeah Colin kaepernick had been fired from the cheerleading squad
did zendaya dirty... replay is a bop
bro been applying for jobs and no calling me back will u hire me
people just don't appreciate humour anymore they think Emma Chambleeoin is the pinnacle of comedy
haha. Sad now. get this bread.
u caught me
more than i al4eady do
do u want me to lose all my followers
I wanna get this lit but I have 2 friends
Wow commando is in the shop and I even buy it
and I thought he a dumb blond
sad so precious. Thank you so much for capturing these moments
Mari I wish it was that simple
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
this been true if seventeen put thanks out in 2018
-
: Ahmed Mounib
-
SKSKSK I DIDN'T EVEN POST IT,, Y'ALL MEAN
But the DJ said its not Ari
STOPPP my whole body tenses up the second i think about that song i have ptsd
so sorry buT Taehyung has THE PRETTIEST hands
Don't do that
Why you sad? I don't know nan molla
jessica's summer storm is so underrated tbh
Landslide takes the back seat?
sorry i be like that sometimes
The captain is making me feel sad.
WHY DID U COVER UR FACE
So sad I go to the fair
hhhhh u should have her for the fun of it
Been there...
I TRIED
I miss in a jersey
hair is sO long right now he looks so good
True and I do a lot of sbc
they've probably taken a bunch and are purposely starving us
Yeah but still gay, so did you really do anything? Exactly. Return to Jesus
my phone
She's the type of girl who would never date me though
Finding it so hard to concentrate
I miss u Bailey
i know your struggle
You saw and story of their spooky basket then tweeted this
I don't like this
Diarrhea is the real gains goblin
not that anyone cares but i'm sorrie i've been ia for the past couple days
Does it count if I use my own character with her style
I miss Lebron
i pay ten dollars to get follow back
I just hope resting well
I'm so ready to just give up on everything
How quick i go from happy to sad
We saw a couple of those.
Take off the filter.. Your future husband would like to see your real face
spraying that febreeze after he tooted
Well I guess it was more of a playlist? Idk which fits better but it was personalized with songs that we always talked about. Good times
Need to get back into learning Arabic but been mad
Well how am i supposed to know, i dont know who that is
good mornin tipa!! my pleasure everyone deserves to be blessed by visual have a an amazing monday!
It's sad I just decluttered my Twitter feed of those that recently followed to unfollow. They're not gettin' me!!
Woowwwww Cuban Doll is mad ugly for that
I'm tired. Not enough sleep yet.
i just dropped whorechata all over my chanclas
Stop he such boyfriend material
October is going by too quick
Mayhaps I do l*ve emmzy but like don't tell her
oh no.... ahhhh rip
tryna dm you lie
i knwogkfkjg you didn't ask me but i actually hate most (maybe all) hp movies mostly because of their characterization
Come back
sigh same goodnight
btw I won that argument.
i used to be..... kinda cute? wtf happened
137 omfg my mutuals got taste but we aren't mutuals sigh
First time someone is the ones making the plans , I should be happy about it but not
. i was being sarcastic smh
No luck with nothing
pls ask me questions anything Bored
All my sports teams suck
The last night is always the saddest but tends to be always the best. Please dont make me go home
He playing
oN dEcEmbEr 4tH wiLL YaLL pUt dAy iN yOuR nAmE
so disappointed i thought chan meant shaving her whole eyebrow off but nah she just talking about a slit
it scares my pets & me
It never gets any easier
that shit hurted
I ran out of weed anyway
I did plan to log into tonight but I'm feeling anxious and ill so I'm going to bed early, I'll make up for it tomorrow
thank you for defending me bby
But ik thats 1000 worth of shit, ima probably have to wait all 7 processing days
forget blue and yellow
why is yixing not in the pic
Literally even do anything.
bbitch... gonna make my heart explode
Some unfortunately understand that.
I mise my darker tan but I cannot afford it this month
Please be my boyfriend
soon as possible please
i have such an empty feeling inside me i have no idea what it is
tough being a cowboys fan
Thunder about to be 0-3
I miss my darker tan but I cannot afford it this month
got tired of listening to their music bro
Infinite peak didnt even touch what bts get on their 2-3rd year
Like this man was 12, he clearly looks like he's beyond that
Why isn't ten should be onety, eleven onety-one calling the english language out on its bullshit
I envy writers who can write 10k+ chapters and meanwhile I can barely write 1k.
taehyung is so cute and precious it hurts
Gotta wait 10 days to get the game can't relate
So sorry for your loss. going through the exact same pain My 11 y/o Bichon collapsed on 10/15
Lol. Once u get over fear nothing should seem impossible. Just wish I could take my own advice
Yes! Miss this with that one person so much
ppl on mercari are really selling FREE tour slogans given out for $10+
i cant sleep bc i miss my gf next to me
oh no dad my new friend shelby is having a party on sunday so i cant come over rip
I want to scream
i wanna draw the best dun family member
Know long I have a headache
Why now ..
despite the votes im changing my again so which one
eye
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
thankyou bb
I help, gotta let it consume u
*tweets* be sad and lonely
same im so ready to stop being emo over it but im at least hopefully getting a vm
Just cancelled my YouTube premium. Looks like I won't be able to close the app, while listening to the hour long version of mop anymore.
Too
miss reading TG weekly
sick af so I go to school I hate being sick ugh
that hurts
You ever wanted to say something encouraging ... a tweet, a status on fb ... but you just know what to say .....
Yeah, me too
sorry our friendship has ended.
I failed is all.
i can't wait wynn to release the album details so i can order the album right away
where did saturday go??? so ??
i wish i could forget
The people who are so hurt about these tweets know how it used to be
stop asking me if the background is real fatties
sorry she has my notifs on and turn the sound off while playing music I was trying to annoy her
i clicked mutual but I wanna be closer friends
just the cutest
Can Taeyong just be my boyfriend like damn wtf do I have to do he really has me by the neck
Not the Lincoln city card I was looking for
i need some unsee juice
I know who's gonna win already!
Ni pa'que intentarlo!
i just want oomfs to come to hawaii so we can hang out so bored all the time please
So the sun finally came out this afternoon, albeit very briefly. I guess the cold front will be ending soon.
thanks for the translation
THANK U.. i forgot i had this shirt but it makes me look good so
Lmfao
can i bring my pillow pet
omg! are you ok?
and pls be more careful.... yolo
It be ya own face
Current situation on last 4 posts on Instagram minimal likes on all, what am I doing wrong? Why am I not seen
never done weed illegal af here
Damn bro!!! rip that boy Jorge dude was such good vibes and always hype when you saw him. Prayers out to all his loved ones
This hurts
tell jongdae he looks amazing with his mullet
really all a nicotine addicted society again smh
Hey I ordered for the first time with you guys tonight and my pizza came cold super disappointing
Pucha oh!
Can someone bring me food to work pls
Wow
Sometimes I say at work
Rest Easy Big Man. You will truly be missed
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
Had the craziest dream
good game very close but always go Cowboys but your always be my favorite Driver
Nepa you tried
UM SQUAD DE VERDADE BJSS sei o user da outra
tuwaine ur jamaican accent,,...,...plz never do it again
have one of those in Cali. Sigh
never in my life would i have thought that would happen to her
comfy baby
bfjsbx probably but i just found out about it
They had post it notes with my name on it
I break down alot
Leave me something
thank you tryin my best
Doesnt seem too appealing to me after playing the first one
This really has been the worst year ever
I know
You lonely tho
headache every morning
my dude really in jail son omg
Squeeze extra for me! I'll be at the concert but not limelight or VIP sadly
building a pc is tiring
why is coochie town so far
apparently my hurray was premature
chanel iman is half korean.....? where tf have i been
Que isso
THE CHOREOGRAPHY BRANDON SERVED WITH THAT DAMN STICK
ugh.
Alou West snitching on Doba Drake
Life as a Mizzou fan can really be tough
one of the funniest people on this damn website ily qween of green hair
Victoria
i think im dying. my tummy hurt so much
eat this *nyodorin nasi goreng*
im okay now. I was just hungry
I FEEL LIKE IT WOULD'VE BEEN A HIT
darn
puffy ass marshmallow
starting to smell please start the show early
uGh damn, to think he had enough respect for himself to drop her
i would eat his airpit hair for breakfast
Oh no, I want someone looking like that too besides he also loves cat I think I already found my true love
I NEED TO STAY OFF OF TWITTER.. I DON'T GET TO SEE UNTIL NEXT WEEK
we're cursed w side character faves
she's cute but i was talking about miss so far away..
SHAME on those 3 woman. When is the hate ever end.
paying stay dust ! one of the most raw michael vocals
I knew it was coming I just wanted to play along
im back to my normal depressive episodes my mania was short lived
praying 4 u sweaty that forehead is an almighty sin
This needs to stop! sorry for your loss
My grandfather fighting for his life just to see me make it the love I have for that man is endless
gonna get another job getting double the bread
I miss in a jersey
I fucked up big time know what to do
on april 5 2030 are you guys gonna put day on ur name
you know a fucking video
yeah he never followed her sadly
DAMN IT someone already took
they accept me
I- Please let this come true
time to un mutual
DESERVES ALL THE LOVE IN THE WORLD AND IT hurts my heart when add her to your theoretical playlists..
So sorry to hear the news on Jontay Porter dude passed on the first round to come back to us.
Tae must've been so happy staying in paris for a lil bit of time.
AND a joon stan, end me this is what i mean when i say i love virgos... idk i just love it when
Unfortunately,
The older I get the harder it is to get back to decent at CallofDuty every fall
i wish i had money
i wanna tweet smthn so bad but i cant cause start shit smh
it really IS me jessie and ari huh
COMO QUE NO ESCUCHASTE LOONA btw soy sele
Same even right now is fine, i cried watching BTS crying videos and I gotta let it out fam
If your baby doesnt remind you not to leave your baby in the car then you shouldnt be a parent
wait are you seeing day6 or am i getting accounts mixed up i am
in your hands couldve been better
I gotta stop falling for these art/creative dudes.
i know
f sorry for your loss
Hi, I miss Jinyoung
me and my group have to present a skit for first period and we had all weekend and we just remembered, life is great
The was in 1st and was penalized in the pit for speeding too close to the end to come back he
I want this on a sweatshirt so bad this is amazing
goodnight
was supposed to be asleep an hour ago but anxiety ruined it
i love ya
idk if i can though
look down one more and there's adri spitting facts
why is it dropping a bad time for so much Ppl joon do u see this
like this i wanna answer more questions
taeyong wants to keep the mutual
But idk this acct tho?? And literally minding my own business??
i felt like this *sad hyuck noises*
If a nigga show me he want me ima show em a nigga who do .. Bitches SAD about niggas when a million of em
SHEEESH MAN THE KN-57 SLAPS JUST DROPPED ANOTHER NUKE CHOKED A DOUBLE
nonr of this is right
Oh no gonna look it up cuz old and keep up with who to hate and who not to hate lol
Bad day to be a Cleveland fan
Why do I care about people so much when they don't even think about me?
I eat like my bank account .
High =small food
Low= nice ass restaurants
I am dreading THAT episode how can the walking dead go on without rick ? RICK GRIMES is the walking dead
Dkdjske such a qt
whoever picked one color is boring
Why is this so hard to find
i wanna kiss his head :(
I can't imagine that! It's the working class that suffer the most.
the only bts / kpop acc i unfollowed special
Aw man, that's rough. Truly sorry, mate.
Thank you so much you are hero
That shit hurted
FeelsBad when ugly
Gotta go to the ER when I get off In the morning, great
I NEED A LAYOUT
My depression is hitting me rn, and I just feel like a failure. No bueno.
Yes I was in the bathroom because it's the only privacy I get and my bangs are getting longer little by little so YAy?
The poor kids
my grandpa sent me an email saying my favorite elephant fucking died at the zoo god damn it im so sad
Same here
Okay, it is a joke but I didn't do that.
The bottom fell out
Not to be a demon but why did they use purple sprinkles
good morning
y'all never fwm on cc
You a one a me fren them weh would a okay with me selling my front
me too
everybody and their went downtown to ride scooters today... mbn
love me tho
Forgot how good Jennie looked in this whistle mv
I lost my AirPods
how it be sometimes
lonely stoner seems to free his mind at night
He's all alone somethings will never
listen lia if u can get earrings out of your shit you can get them out of the trash and right they were really pretty
trying his hardest to not act the way he feels.
how tf do i just cough it up i might diE IN THE PROCESS
Unfortunately that song has let me down
my phone keeps correcting diminie to dominos like NO you stupid btch DIMINIE HAVE SOME RESPECT,, anyways diminie :(
such a crybaby
The goodbye from Jim to Michael
my anxiety is killing me
OK I WILL as soon as i finish rereading mudlands because i love Pain djchfh i seriously can't stop thinking about it god
at this time a month ago i was the happiest ever been,,,feeling like pure shit just want to be with bts again
i deserve a free meal after the tragedy that occured with your employees
Man i look like a slut in these shorts, wish it was summer so i can really start undressing
the point
Im -
Loosing words rn honestly
big oof
May God rest your soul Dae.
Always remember
You are the shit
You are that
You are it
You are gorgeous
You are
Me every weekday
You'll be missed maam. Sure it was a tough fight
is my only talent fucking every situation up? probably
They frekaing went private im sad I didnt even get a chance to see it
I'm gonna have to agree
really hoping for another vmon duet for moonchild, but it say featuring taehyung/v
How can people be so shitty
i got out an hour and 10 mins late
GOodmORnInG/night its late in the Netherlands but I adore and I know this will annoy her cuz supposed to sleep ,, sorry mom
yeah tea when i ate at school bc nobody else was there to leave campus so i sat on a bench in the hallway by myself
the new update is sooooooo cute
Are the Cavs the worst team in the league now??
I just threw up for the first time in yearsssss
I DONT KNOW BUT I DID MY BEST
im getting mixed feelings on a Pharrell x BTS collab. didnt like the tracks he produced in Sweetener
Dammit...I was really hoping for Jimin too
I don't like nights out without grinding
NOOOOOO THEY DELETED IT that shit was so funny
veronica: h
heather chandler: hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend
It's great being single but.. it gets lonely tho I kno how to deal wit this but still my anxiety acts up real bad
my cc is so dry send me stuff
Out of town for 5 days for training & I already wanna go home
*your
12. weakness: being called terms of endearment
not to sound cheesy but i would love to go to an art museum with tae
Too many pretty girls heart have I broken but it won't be like this forever
currently trying to stan
8:22 PM and all ready for bed because girl is exhausted
close them rn
could you please call me angel and praise me? sure baby, tell me about your day
They're very in demand
lost my 5win long streak on halloween fest
Man people out here trying ruin when he trying to change the world positively smh
stealing content since ever i know
We want Rihanna
My white American mouth handle it. sorry
why do ppl follow me if they are just gonna unfollow me the next minute
bored okay
so sorry so sad. xx
Did you really just retweet your own tweet?
Stay in school kids
we rly help stupidity, can we?
At least I got the warning
My hips look wide af
sorry
Nooo okay , because he thinking about me too so nope
it's over
If they racist I would stan
Im thinking about making a dream nsfw acc but idk if a good idea go ahead, the community seems fine
I really miss
Took a fat ass L this week
Me gusta
from to real quick. sigh
someone tell to show me some love already
Tiff, Sammi, & mama Kuwonu will be at the LA show tonight, my heart take this
i guess it does
My nails have never looked so terrible
Missing my boy already Texas come soon enough
ACTUALLY HE LOOKS GOOD IN THE NEW PICS I CANT LIE KDJFJSKS or maybe im just too whipped
just found out how rigged my season was
aww you sound sad about it
it kind of is
I miss my boo
cus I sleep for a billion days
Gotta wake up in 4 hours
Mood: this it
I just want move it like that to drop
that shit hurted
Someone marry me...o-or gold my hand or um send heart emojis orrrr um link some good porn
tonight is an all things go kinda night
Tf no gf who incites political violence against u
this has been a bad 3 way date. 3/10 because the movie was great but go on other dates Angela
The only person I want to talk to right now is Lauren, but I do that
mad that i have no racially distinct characteristics like everyone assumes super mixed but like,,
So shallow but nothing wrong with shooting your shot.
thank you
been binging death note rn and man everyone stop roasting matsuda trying
SHSJSS I'm sorry you deserved better tourists are crazy
"Athlete welfare must become New competitive advantage"
I CAME ACROSS IT A COUPLE YEARS AGO AND LIKE home movie bfs/gfs are just my heart
Watch for the romance
..
Disappointed but not surprised okay not everything is for everybody
Damn that's crazy. Just makes last week lost even more bad we could have been 4-2.
missing out
if you have a crush on me PLS,, leave smth. i need to know who u are i just need to know u really exist
First they love you, then they switch like f*****s
i love being a flop
You ever just look at your bank account and start crying cuz same
be the hitman to my bang okay
there are so little dreamnote stan accounts
Drinking red wine well because why not
believe this is the only clip ever get of her performing this
Nah but for real, either this sleep paralysis is getting too wild or deadass being haunted
My only one
The mood in the 216 tonight...
Excited for the episode tonight
Kahit malulungkot ako for Ratty
thought about Carrie Fisher nonstop today
try again next year
Shitttt. just tryna have you love me.
performed Better last night
Not me.
no halsey think a random sounds harsh cherrycastles
just wanna go back to Pangea days when Somalia, Yemen, and Pakistan were all one. The nations of kings
Base hates me too.
And now all I want is Pearl Meatshop
Real silly billy hours
wish i was playing toontown right now
it was fun while it lasted
this bitch really always looking cute <3
imagina sem elas this is so sad
im excited for christmas time but ngl i am NOT looking forward to making tamales
damn what disease they got and do you have it too?
No
Ajakjshs you're so sweet and don't cry it's better when you smile
my chairmate is absent today i just wanna go home now
Missing my love right now.
i feel like you ignore me omg sorry if u do its not on purpose i promise dm me
so sorry lashawn
my mom: i can't afford to buy your 15 dollar solo costume right now
also my mom: I'm gonna to Dubai for a week!
I think the depressing part of turning 25 was moving from the 21-24 bracket to the 25+ bracket in surveys
okay like he cant get one. slide into my dms
Bae goes on vacation in less than a week & ima be home alone for 5days ima be so bored.! Bae the only person I hangs with .. Lol ..
Stop giving away ur lottery numbers like this sis
Holy crap. This world ..
I miss Amani so much ready to come home
Us baddies safe out here lol
You shouldn't be but you fucked it up and are
But topping a bigger guy is good tier esp if he needs you emotionally too
Yo a vosss
This is harsh but, unfortunately, pretty fair via
i like scary stuff
some of peeps best songs were with tracy, why does he have to be so damn annoying rip
MIA STOP,, ur the prettiest girl
going on?
i really do give great advice
jdjdj idk where u can watch it i bought it from itunes mayhaps on 123movies
it happens to the greatest
stevie no ... this it
You remember back in the good old days when you liked me and I was like fuck off and now the tables have tabled
plot twist not married and been dreaming ever since i got my kithes
I cannot believe I'm done watching Gossip Girl again until next year
i want my boobs to be this pretty
U invited me here man
never understand and i make you understand..
only like this on twitter lmao
Apparently my presence memorable
if only there was a way to reset it back to the beginning
literally* i'm gay okay psht
livs twitter bullying has gone too far
facts only
She does help us Clare
trying so hard to be nice, i love one (1) angry soft boy
It's real sad hours because I love Wanna One more than everything in the fucking world and the end of the year is close
How
i only told him to steal your line
Got through 370 pages in my book today:/// why is this book so long
I hate Tahani but I love Eleanor and like Chidi
Someone has the username marasnugget
too stressed rn
Why do people hate me so much? I miss my family in Tennessee so much man. I wish I could just leave and go back down there.
i need to gain more mutuals but no one follow me back wtf
someone ask me out so I can wear my sports coat
fine then ig i'ma just G O - dm me blease
i need friends i stay going to concerts with my older sister and she dont even stan
03
I want a baby so bad and my boyfriend want kids and it literally breaks my heart
24 pack gone after L
current mood
/\
/ \
Do I have any Diego mutuals anymore bc I wanna make a just diego gc
imagine if we got aj lee v lita at evolution
imagine if we got aj lee v lita at evolution
I think the doors open for the show in t-minus 30 minutes but this essay still needs 500 more words
some homemade choc chip cookies sound BOMB rn
please give me hair im gonna die
oop
almost passed the hard part last time vs reap
when will loona ever
Wow thats sad man but I understand well life First for sure but maybe it will get a proper ending
I honestly still think about H like I don't know I know I'm moving down to Cali in the near future, but like
this defense with him out there with 5. My god!!
May she rest in peace
off the deep end watch as i dive in never meet the grooOoUUuund
Christmas weather everywhere. Di uwi si papa huhu
why i deleted my selfies
I go back to school tomorrow sigh, can my fall break come back again
Miss the days when acting a fool frowned upon
I wish, but its doubtful.
me when i was younger: wish lotsa people would text me
me now: *gets one text* i... physically... bring....myself... to answer
wow all you people so gorgeous
I wanna go to bed already
JSHDHDHS i had to
XFABOR ESTOY HARTA SI NO TRACKEAS MI IP YO TRACKEO EL TUYO I--- tk+
HAVE FUN AHHH STAY SAFE OR ELSE WE WONT GET AN DEBUT ALBUM
all been friends for like two months we just have beef to shove down throats
So sorry for your losses. I never knew that about you.
I'm such a fool
All my friends are straight af
me with beans
When you go to school all morning and work all day and you get home and your momma make any food
please
always love you Queen
I just can't feel the happiness
I Miss 2012 Twitter ..
remember when i did my assignments early? neither do i
Damn I'm used to being
goodnight to me only honestly I had a decents night sleep in months I deserve this
i wish i was cross eyed so i could see you twice
wow uhhhhhhhhhh
not sure I want to keep playing this game if some cultureless evangelicals think its good
A Purpose
When I tell you I be TRYING! Lol my mind sometimes even notice dudes I can look in the eye.
TIAP KALI JUMPA KUCING ITAM MACAM ABANG & ADIK SELALU RASA NAK NANGIS
My dad is only person who pays attention to me I swear he even got my favorite flavor
Stop unfollowing me I have bills to pay
This is gonna be a long long night for my Bengals
I need cheering up
yes I need someone to talk to
Damn. Cut some inches off my hair
automatic block for anyone who slanders nct numbers kept growing after america promotions i guess
im only three years old u flop im 8 bow down
Someone cashapp me bored $marianaalbh
life is so fucking cruel
Where are the real eu homies at
o s-sorrisinho
Same
He just wants the status, not you ]]
Que pasa con twitter?
My nephew I still believe that was him
Nasira na.
And always love you, king not u me
sis out here exposing people but says can't instead of can! intellectual
Alexa play I Miss You
no m dejen morir
my mom took the cutest pic of me at bt21
on the low nash grier kinda cute
I just want her to see
And ppl wonder why I don't find swimming in ANY ocean to be enjoyable
This will mark the first year since college I wont be going to the Mayfield Haunted Cornmaze in Athens, TN.
guys sorry i lied actually a sub always been and always will please f-forgive me
i really want to go on a aquarium date
Me: why do I always feel like shit? I just wanna feel fine again
**continues to eat super unhealthy, not drink
Stressed.
Mizzou Basketball is Cursed fr
I was 4 it's not like I had a choice
so hard and beginning to become depressing being a Cowboys fan..
im so sorry for your loss pls stay strong i hope everything is ok
Do you want Taehyung V ver from her or
Facts
cpop owo: che tu pinned...... siempre te veo llorando por stray kids Big Mood
clearance
I miss it
we have hope
You're always nicer then me
I mean yeah but damn
And I need it at this very moment
u still cant start a sentence with 'and' like u did in fifth grade
I know
I just wanted my baby
done with this bullying
U liked my tweet but nothing happened i got all hyped up its cool the fact that u liked it made my night
After it was decided that Armstrong would be sent home.
October 21, 2018
going live in 30 minutes to try the spicy noodles if anybody wants to watch lmaooooo I doubt it but
see this is what happens when strapmys ignore me.. I talk to myself
I don't know if it's the latest Android update or Twitter but I find Twitter is extremely laggy lately. it's
Mine too bby
so easy to tell people that beautiful... so why it easy to call myself beautiful
Why do I feel so lonely in a major way
I really wanna stop being sad
i thought u were a virgo
Trae young has officially Arrived!
35 points wowee
Bad news however the cavs lost again
no ones going to eat my ass
Awe he look so sad in 1988, hurt Michael feelings
Like I know I'm in a long-distance relationship with C, and I have a small chance with H, I don't know
*Desinstala WhatsApp*
OH NO THEY DIDNT- I CANT BELIEVE- WE UNSTAN
okay the tea is that is that i like an oomf but bet they see me in anything other than a friend
I like buttholes as much as I do but they just look so good
We hate a falling apart group
Do you remember me? I used to ask to lick yah toes but you got famous and now I guess you odnt yeah I
Ur right
Val refused to work with me ever since I was seen with Artem so
maybe i just wanted to see u
But you started off so strong...
and still somehow ended up so wrong.
No I just live with my phone on dnd and work 24/7
I KNOW AKDHSJA she cancelled me bc I told her her ult was tae she can't take the truth
koo uses a cooky phone case
run through the city at midnight to feel like a star i want it all even if fake
yes my son
Well...ya know.
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
not true i just dunno how to balance my emotions its all or nothing smh
Also when are we going to meet our Colombian cousin is he still in the states
and i love him
if ur not coming to my
not coming to yours.
simple as
Missing you more and more everyday.
Come back, ...
Thanks, but been about 3 years and my water still broke... starting to think I may just be fat
y'all ever just cry for no reason? cause me too
With all the Crown Jewel stuff I thought that was first, says it all really
already
dallas lost and los famosos lost too.... what a horrible night for me
wish i could
just thinking about kuromaya again what else is new
Damn you know a bad grandson when ur nana says at first she was confused by who was calling her then realizes oh jason! Lol
It must be heartbreaking to be a true browns fan at times smh
ok so i'll be back tomorrow or later tonight too much is happening sksksks i have to do homework now
Lord please I need your help
Miss hanging out with Tana on AQW.
I literally miss my car everyday
its not my fault writers keep making potential ships cousins
celestial boy pls come back
I think that was the last straw
did they see your dick pics
She say do you love me
I tell her only partly
I only love my bed
And my mama
I'm sorry
true after all, I get bored quick
i miss my daily simbar content
Do you know any urban legends? If so, tell us about it! marty no
Unbelievable
Pleace come back for indonesia
Lo siento
My dad seemed so down & sad this weekend & it just tore me apart
Ok I mean.. ehm.. WHY NEVER ME TO GET LUCK.. I mean good pull man
god right
Im unbelievably tired
I missed my brother sm y my family gotta be dysfunctional
I know story of my life lol
I wish i could hold ... i know she has a bit on her heart rn
I wish Noah still loved me.
yes the struggle
just trying to sleep for a whole month
damn those bitches stay breathing fr annoying asses
I actually dreamt of him again??!? After so long? I wasnt even thinking abt him??? I hate my subconscious
so sad how bitches just want to catch attention
I be ugly in pics smh
what he fuck lil uzi Jeff die
YA TERUS SAINT BTM APA TOP
I believed his lies
I found the cutest pants at the thrift but I try them on until now and my ass go in
I searched memeshamed cuz I remember you shamed me for not knowing this meme
Sorry and thanks for the information.
do anything to be 21 again
hey remember when yunhyeong used to do flips and stunts
it really be like that sometimes
Me too..... sigh
Falcons 1-5 tomorrow and Giants 2-5
like I said I only had my film camera with me so I have to go to the darkroom to develop them
idk if that tattoo show is real or scripted but that shit is foul asf but funny asf too
I really am going to get spoiled before I get to play twewy I
shit is so exhausting, I do not want to deal with it anymore
no es Lunes...
no one was even singing around me so i just kept silent
and to have cute layouts
rien
been working hard for that bread lately u need some rest
\
|| \_
get this bread I guess
what're the chances you'll be able to stop by ouatnj a little on saturday mom i won't be able to attend sunday
okay
heterophobic
ME! im sister singleee....
but not a "girl" kinda sister sad
HE WORKED HARD TO MAKE VENOM GETS BETTER THIS SELFISH! Flash did the hard work! Venom loves
eddie answer my texts challenge
Bts is so manufactered omg
So sorry for the long update, i got a little stuck
maybe if I liked jikook I would have more braincells
Well fuck me
we wanted she got her own
pris Kevin Love en
Running a small business leaves me with no time for anything anymore
I just wanna few Big ass blunts and peace and to relax
As someone who suffers from endo, it's ridiculous how even after a surgical diagnosis our pain is STILL dismissed
Just feeling completely mugged off
Close Friends- Lil Baby really hits me every time it comes on
Idk why exoomf blocked me lmfaoo just because i got a notice? Must be sad
at least the top worked out okay
my coochie's heartbeat
W-who is she ? is she zayns nono oppa come to me way hotter and sexier pls oppa
Need some plans
i know you aint disrespecting chalios
Out here learning my lesson rn
It is huh bro
damn
Need plans I hate being home
All men do is lie. I can't wait that long.
Boys never realize hoe much one little thing can hurt a girl.
Life really is to short. Live in the moment !
I just wish I could turn back the hands of time
wait hold up so curls are really gone? damn can believe that my mom called him mechudo when he had his curls
No mi brother no me han invitado
You and me both
Damn alright sorry for being relevant
False a bitch did dis to me n completely disappeared out of my life for her boyfriend of 3 years
erotica help me pass my courses
Grabeee
then come cuddle me
Terrible story coming out of Horsham.
It'll be on the news.
Someone help me get out of this funk
Unavailable in the UK
Favourite council house member? Louis butcher
hfjdhdh khan academy god says your wrong
as soon as my dad gives me more money I spend it all on clothes
hfjdhdh khan academy god says your wrong
lose, Twice and lose! the life of a Cleveland sports fan!!
so emo right now
I hope not me
men are canceled i like this boy anymore... goooood nighttttt
Send picsss
exposing-friends-n-family: Wish I could squirt!
Boys never realize how much one little thing can hurt a girl.
Correto
ridiculous though already pay rates on the family batch
Sorry for your loss
As a Cowboys fan, I knew their season was done by week 1. As a FC Dallas fan, getting deja vu heading into the playoffs.
i wish i had a boyfriend so i could annoy him
he did deserve seol though, not even gonna lie that other nigga was??????
Sweets are mine. I stopped drinking sodas regularly years ago. Sweets is even tougher to stop.
we going LA again for the line store before it closes . im gonna miss this little dude
Yup! Feelyah.
going to be a long season for the Cavs
maybe time to swerve
jsjsbak but my mom would beat my ass anyway
gobblesteven falling apart as always
Not so good morning
do this
spanish grade keeps dropping hopefully i can still pull a B
is there a deadline
i wanna go to fright fest at six flags
Can he hurry up and get back
Today was such a bittersweet day
yah please i hate to be that bitch but stay in line
e n me contou mo!?
A sad story of an olympian who was able to get what he deserved after many years
Those days when you feel like failing at literally everything work, school, bills, relationships are the WORST
I swear
oh no
sunday??? lucky monday now here and lfmskdskskksks back to the grind folks
ill draw that for anon i just dont like being yelled at
ugh fine
Zeke get to do his signature all day
No one wants me tho
I miss you
so did you and faith
we truly suck throw away the whole team
Doesn't look like it's on there
poor all i have
shit bitch we hear THAT live
He even know who AB was
If you wanna mine your own sometimes going to have to dig through the
Come back to NY you fakes SJofficial
Ya somos 2
Really know how long I can keep my demons at bay lately
Sad I able to go out riding with the fam this year
me criticam af
the po-po
I Haitian
Stupid ass tincan always making me yell at my screen
thank you i feel bad for not being specific enough but ig people just like twisting my words
I shall be quiet from this moment forward
do i really radiate bottom energy
can someone add me back to emw and the smol gc
Kpop isn't even in my top 20 list of shit I care about anymore, why did I tweet about it today?
it rlly was sis
The last time my stomach hurt this bad i ended up at the hospital and my liver was failing
i hope uni is treating rem good
Nope. Not. Never your fault, I'm sorry
Stay strong honey your other family's here for you ARMY our deepest condolences
Life to short
Nowadays I really be out here like
you don't understand what i meant
Same
Ugh, this is the saddest thing seen. Dolphins belong in tanks
yes yes thank u much for understanding what i was referencing in the first place
Sorry to be honest wala ta ni work
Damn niggas be so dingy that good hygiene has become my basic turn-ons. Dirty do better
So unlucky with TTFL
damn maybe my old science teacher was right
just dropped off my bf home sad hrs
i never let you flop i love and respect you
That shit hurted man
Perfect weather in Houston, wish my honey was home
So many of my favorite sweaters are from forever ago from forever 21 and it makes me so sad how much their clothes suck now
you just out here breathing and drinking water
So my baby just left me & went back home & im so sad about it
Jet Li
boredt again
its supposed to feel like this in november not october. october is light sweater month
I just wanted some
for me
All of us are mere mortals compared to Kim Jinu
im soft for hoseok rn so ur just gonna have to put up with it
OH YEAH FACTS
They better not fuck up the next anime or else just try and play FGO every once in a while
Sorry
The Chefs look excellent
If that nigga be like
outside right
I going lie ima go outside so quick
I keep forgetting how many hits Chief Keef got
linda de qualquer jeito
Why me soo hungry
Cut or uncut i know what this means
my bitch cant even get pregnant, her cocaine addiction causes her to have a miscarriage every time
UM attack the anon not me
Hungry but I want to get out of bed no one is home to help me out
ugh ieuan stans go through so much daily pain i believe you
HMSHDKSBSJSHS THANK YOU I TOOK THESE FROM FACBOOK IPAD CAMERA QUALITY SUCKS
omg sis so sorry
he was especially good moaning mommy My man bob
i would rip my own heart out my chest and give it to my father. hearing him breakdown is the hardest thing ever
Mitch
let's change that to this
/\
/ \
SAME OSJDJDJDJR are we soulmates yet
I have never been so uncomfortable in my own bed before until tonight
he a bully
but i aint ed sheeran
I can't even get a text back
52 yards though a tough one pal!
so disappointed I see this in person! I swear, Richard just has my number 100%
i go back to work tonight
Chill on me eddie
her love? i cherish that
i would lick that too tbh
always the cute ones
the animation in this show is cute.... good shit
the choreo is going to end me
......Is this all we going to get
Who can let me borrow 100 dollars
Night time used to be my favourite time
Until next year
.
.
Him and Betsey
i love u so much af
I hope I won't messed up all the things
aww your daddy is a minion, cute
FaceTiming my bff makes me miss her more
akjskjsa time perception can be confusing BUT HEYY TOMORROW
Come sing a chutney for me nah boy
things we do for him
I know. scared cause never been on a date
Sad react only
I know. scared cause never been on a date
Online friendships be like that sometimes
controversial but mind of poseidon and 10000 hours
user , if you love me , you will like this tweet
and then u have to see it bc they forgot to untag u
i misSsSss my boo
it started raining and i really wish i had either minseok's or nini's tiddies in my hands
this is the Easiest part of math
Today I cried listening Hold me tight
im too tired to do the rest of the screen recordin things i sound too sleepy il do them tomorrow
It really is
Im sick
damn it really be ya own niggas
Yes I had to have an ovarian cyst removed when I was 30. I told the ob/gyn how much I wanted
Someone will understand me some day ..
i need a hug
they left debby ryan on that fucking boat from suite life on deck smh HDKSNDJDKKFNF
15 days of depression
i don't want to see any of those videos why tf do they need to do that ugh im so pissed
I wish I could go to a Chromeo concert so I can get funky and possibly throw my bra on stage
Come to school in ur Halloween costume on Halloween I want to do this by myself for the fourth year
deep voices r so nice mine kinda sounds like a gremlin
even been 24 hours and I miss you like crazy.
rip just waiting for hobi to flex on us w his iphone x
im going back to school tomorrow pray for me
I swear Game of Thrones got me into a different feeling with both the Red Wedding scene & Season 5 finale sigh
Listen to Demons [prod.jairtheshadow] by
I die I paid my
letsssss !! i need more friends
Worth the read Please PLEASE be faithful to your partner.
been feeling so low lately
One of my biggest fears! Our medical research, already threatened by Brexit, will gradually disappear.
I miss you more and more each day..
yes, true they did it in Taiwan I think
Still a bit brain dead from yesterday, but I know one things for sure - drives back up to the Bay are always the hardest.
but true it
i would but i even have a yeehaw playlist yet
This is not a great time for me to be hungry
i remember when i used to have a gym partner
Hoy le un mundo
ur right
your time will come young son
I really want Balenciaga triple s trainers
I really have to grocery shop for myself.
Going to sleep early tonight
I love you kiddo
Wait like three days older than me lmfao- eh, kid/kiddo is the best
I miss nick and never even met him , sad yeehaw
I really be out here like
/\
/ \
i miss my bangs but ik if i get them again going to regret it later
Surely! He got neutered over the weekend so has to wear the cone for ten days
why cant he realize that he deserves the same amount of affection that he gives
I may slowly start becoming a KC Chiefs fan, especially with my Cowboys letting me down
sad smh
it was
i be goin thru it
convinced show no love on their to-go orders
I want one of those season greetings things
I miss my boyfriend so much
tfw
15yrs old me after my first heartbreak
Nawa o. People still say screen munched now.
most of tweets are so,,, wholesome,,, so cute
Then those flashbacks just kind of stick around for a few days
r u the spelling police?
it does i know i just stay not updated on my men
it be like that
sorry bruv do it again
gonna watch glee one of these days just because jay and cami keep talking about a mr and i wanna know so great about him
We became adults and stopped playing outside.
Wild Beasts: past pulls faces of those who vaguely resemble
Me:
Wild Beasts: but close
Me:
I bought them before i left u guys ask jazzy
THEYRE FUCKING WHILE THE NEIGHBORS ARE STILL HERE WOW OK GUYS SMH the neighbors are occupied with Thor and Loki so its okay
Yes too bad she aint making it
When you tell sm1 how you feel & how much they mean to you and it means nothing...
Huy goodmorning
here we have a prime example of why milk before the cereal is better! you saved a lot of cereal
im sure they would
not when Dallas happened
It hurts my heart when my pup is sick
I believe the What Makes You Country Tour is almost over!
From ILYSB to Malibu Nights. Ang sakit ah
They dont even know what no jams mean
CHEIRINHO DE JOHNSONS BABY
Im coming to you as a woman.
Im not fighting
I was peer pressured
gail please
tired of being fat
All the time
me
Homie filed an appeal.... Hope everything goes as plan dawg, keep ya head up
dont let me flop whores
yew... Right
i only speak up abt this stuffbc it just bothers me sooo much i only do this w certain topics
you have to post this
you aren't wrong I mean this boi cannot stop leaking pre it's problematic
The Ana didn't even thank me
there are levels of dumb Annie
I wanna meet Post Malone so bad
sTOP TEASING LOVE
This is true because I honestly lost a lot of weight living in China.
Where my sisig and liempo fam at.
why did i see barbie getting dicked down on my tl? I dont deserve.
You missed swachh Bharat and 15 lakhs. The two things where I feel pinched the most.
We love you but why do you tease us
this is rude
quem me dera lu
life is tough
you're teasing me huh
so sorry Mari. We must look really stupid whining about the xfactor and here you are with real problems
sigh please don't, reading your tweets makes my day
p.s. like really opinionated or whatever but gonna try not to like offend all of my mutuals.
pLEASE, SENSITIVE
why u gotta tease us like this
I haven't even been following you for a minute and I already love you
Depressed
Sometimes I think never get that feeling back
pls stop teasing be in class when it drops and I b able to listen until I get home
I just want to go to a pumpkin patch and pick a pumpkin but I again this year
sad that I gotta drive that far for a good sub
you have to lie to me
but im ugly
And never got pictures sad sigh
except the times when you really were a bad person
can someone pls let me use their hulu
I thought it was just me that sees the colors on my screen differently ever since I got it fixed after it cracked
MY PHONE CHARGE BROKE on 20% bye
stop doing me like this
Airplane Mode My Phone While At Work
im talking bout my future girlfriend
Is it short for mono lid
i still finished my hw
So ready to get off jus to go home n b lonely
IM AHEOQHDKDNKD I LOVE YOU and i crop bc too lazy so
my cat bc idk
Am i ready for everything ?
Maybe I should just give up and give these sound cloud rappers a chance
Damn, ever just be absolutely useless at everything
Me pasa mucho ami
this is Colombia!!
I take this back
wow.. I think I gotta put a ring on it and ion even know her that sad
my phone charger just broke and on 20% uh bye
i love shawn so much and i miss him so much my heart hurts
really excited baby.
going to be at work so i be able to listen to it until after so i get in trouble
It is nasty I'm sorry
Ohio State, Lakers, and now Cowboys
thanks bro
give me i need
Wow that is tough to take. I hope it something malicious. God Bless
ur so pretty and cool i wish we could be friends Wow so nice txt me be my friend <33
so sad I see tomorrow in mrs Ochoas class
The emoji...dats cute, man
badbye must be the shortest
(stole this from a mutual)
if do this it would be nice
why I normally like to see interviews of actors or musicians I like. Inevitably I feel let down. lol
It goes both ways
hyojung eu te ami tanto
Why u changed real quick?
Why I gotta be ugly
I'll throw in a cat picture for you tho
dam been ia all day cramps & hw took the life outta me
silent
why does namjoon gotta tease us like that
i-i know if i can bring myself to write the alternative ending
why were u awake at 4 am
it really be like that
I do any Halloweeny things and the month is pretty much over... sigh
quiero
I deserve you
tudo bem
// Shit. sorry
get you a man who treats you right
ugh his mind
everyone has went live except brady and I get it
it sounds like ahmond
It broke my heart that all my they look broke now
let me breathe thot
Omg! Baby can you rest!
i perfer not to say ( i am not 11. 12 . 13 . nor 14 btw)
ok but the time those were created
Good Moring dysmenorrhea
It's because I never really had a place.
wthhh. if i were to win, i will keep it preciously
Once again suffering in silence
hi
still tryna believe it stands for ariana
Ok I have no room to talk
but loving you had consequences
in guessing here you already sent mingyu away
guess what i just did
do u want to
ohhhh it's Monday again
always rting on the wrong account
can we get our shit together
im sister soft
Nuestro propio Hugo Alfred.
Omgjdjdnd i was just thinking the same thing at the same time
I know dat now
This is gonna be the hardest friend ima have to throw away
ok who wants to help ya girl stan noir
please I have a really good edit I want to make
also this was along time ago
You make me insecure
This how cute I wish too look in an oversized sweater
btw if you like trans people and think nonbinary people are valid why the heck are you following me
same sis we going broke
Well this happened in 2013 soooo even though it hurts
I missed you
You get to listen to it first life isn't far huh ?
Namjoon loves teasing us doesn't he?
ew not the emma chamberlain one
ur right
Dear you just locked my account for absolutely no reason. a democrat Florida resident live tweeting
Upgraded the Blundergat to the Acidgat only for me to use it twice until someone quit.
I wish I could relive the moment when I met the boys
Okay excited... but 4 am!?!? Baby get some rest!!!!
AHHHHH I'M SO EXCITED!! the bad thing is that I'll be in school I CAN STILL LISTEN TO IT WHEN I GET
3 months since left our screens, still missing it
The owner of said arse cheek thinks acceptable to put your dick through letter boxes as a form of payment for goods
Namjoon teasing us like this aint fair
te amo tanto
Reading some hate tweets between ARMY and other groups
And it hurts so much.
That a woman, inadvertently voted & is sentenced to five years,
a cute design
I would sell my soul to be fried chicken just so someone can eat me.
im@good how r u amiga
best friends say it's their girlfriends dog
Just in a depressed funk
so tired I see straight
Some people really know what to say to me when down...to make me feel fucking worse. Cheers hun, really needed that
shut up i just found the pictures nathan and i took at the final show
triste
Armstrong is such good guy and an amazing artist. I'm sad
girl what about florida
May Allah bless her soul man and may my people get their freedom already
Damn is that the secret??? Guess im not gay enough then i need to become gayer
gotten the cow one
i got rear-ended by a nice new car, how are you gonna hit me AND stunt on me
female rappers freestyles be way better than they actual music
The leaves are falling too fast! I wish the fall leaves stayed around a little while longer, they are my
im lonely someone talk to me
Sorry
Anyone want to buy me red dead. broke
Happy birthday liam!! Bond soon
fake
I had a home cooked meal in so long, sad
te amo
In this household we don't tell lies
vope is too close to sope for my liking but ill just get over it cause we go by whatever kings say
i just want a dm
why did I have to be dumb and leave all my hw till sunday
Ugh I wish I could relate
I'm never blocked by these
wish just remember
gusto ko chocolate chip cookies
there was a cute guy on the plane today and i am never going to see him again
My stylist is in London According to my hair look like a stiff wrap
that was my wallpaper for the longest time when i was in his lane rip
oh t ya i ordered it now because there was only like 2 more days left if u wanted to get the dvd
para reflexionar
Prices just keep going up and up smh
fine ............ be my friend
show off
Sometimes it sucks that my ex is my best friend to because now I have either one
Really Not In The Mood
wanna know his favorite song
He says hes a HAPPY goth!!!!!!1
San and seonghwa
what happened to pawpaw who made 12 burgers for his grand kids (2 for each) & only 1 grand kid showed up?
I sure as hell didn't
giving up on the twerking mod for because my malware blocker keeps blocking all the download sites.
People are lost in this world
Zion Williamson is gonna look really good in a Cavs shirt at least
On my way to see in Baltimore and I grt a flat tire I am very sad.
tease
In the Marvel universe, the physical embodiment of death is a Caucasian human female.
Therefore...
Bitches shit
This looks legit awesome! I actually wish I could get on for this one but will be driving for most the night
They had tinga in the dining hall but that shit had ZERO SPICE. even be considered tinga. Smh
can someone dm me his number cos i wanna send funny stuff
Just a little
I remember starting to read the beginning of this in August and
then I it popped
Yo iba a invitarte al cine o a comer
sksk can namjoon stop being so loud?? like trying to breathe and he hits us with this??? not ready, he really wants me dead
it be like that sometimes
the old nicki >>>
i blocked him already
i haven't had a chance to listen to jinsoul unni's high-pitched voice
guys I love being active on Twitter I wanna go back to school where I be
Why do I have such bad heartburn right now?
i buy too much clothes i need shoes smh i only buy shoes like every 6 months but i stay shopping
i give up can't help but call her a baby when she looks and acts like one
Let me be your future boo give you some lint from my pocket
i can only play tag with my YOUNGER cousins, the older ones too fast actually even the little ones faster than me. this says alot :/
These girls really out here callin 90's jackets 'vintage' on Poshmark.
what a tease
this is cute bc we all know joon thinks typically not-cute emojis are cute like using his cute emojis
when will bts accidentally like my tweet only to unlike it 45 seconds later,,? i'm tired of being ignored
I miss my nigga already & it even been a week
Good night
I have a long day ahead of me ugh please wish me luck tomorrow
I love all my biases so so so
aye lower your voice we need to expose him like that
I think he means only Australian children
please don't i love my h2o i'm the h2hoe
You broke my heart
i wish i could be satisfied with a layout.
too much a chicken shit to put myself out there f
u post more selfies than anyone else i know on here its kinda awesome..i would too if i was as pretty as u ur
Made dinner for someone who was supposed to be home almost a half hour ago and I guess that hurts the most
WE.... I breathed
silent when called out though
disappointing. I noticed several today
so uncomfortable I even lay down .
RM U RLY HAVE ME ANXIOUS HERE LIKE IM SHAKINGGG
my whole family bullies me
Ok but what TIME is mono supo to be released I wanna plan it out so I can listen to it at work
Exactly .. exactly why so jealous
I try my best also thANK YOU MUAH MUAH
PLEASEKDKS i get a chance to screenshot it
i relate sigh
no its embarrassing
fighting yourself to not end it everyday gets so tiring.
lindos
The democrats started this. Don't forget that.
The democrat midterm caravan.
Live will be lost.
it is i was taught you say
I love psychology but this paper is killing me
just tryna lay up when I get home
fooking ugly
sorry for you loss
I lost my sister.. made my stomach hurt
My mother being sick with cancer make it better. I pray and keep my faith in God but it so hard
It's sick !! My 6 year old recently had one
i know right? my unnies are always pinched but sometimes they pinching it without humanity
really wished i played today
Are you trying to understand our conversation within the group?
I hope i was there now beside you.
I know I'm supposed to be a werewolf because of my name I'm sorry
ugh yk what swerve back
Now I lost 10, I hate
Driving from VA to Baltimore to see and I get a flat tire . I know she going to amazing I am very sad be missing it
You were so mean
Only brothers
This is the one time I wish I wasn't blocked also blocked me
Is this some kind of trick to get everyone to laugh at me
Such a bummer
too late
THIS HAPPENED TO ME HHHHH it probably happened to him too
I want a copy of zine
I miss the days my dad would take us to rent movies every weekend
the man wasnt playing when he said s-soon
WHAT TIME DOES MONO DROP
Yes it happened to other carats too
ahh i wish u tried to be our friend
going to start that daran fic i was talking about...hopefully i can finish it before i pass out
been waiting for my pizza for almost 2 hours! Come on delivery guy I do only live 10 minutes away!
Yup. Colourism is prevalent in our black community.
im in LOVE love
i love this baby
really sad i be able to debut galaxy hide and seek anymore but hopefully perry and i can stay on that
He really have to be THAT cute
Its just the way i am
My thoughts are eating me alive all the time
must be nice
You know what talking about tar gal
Niggas or bitchs idk who to trust
Myself by Layton Greene
U always teasing us man
HE PULLED HIM BY THE TIE, WHAT A KINK. OMG
Today sucked, can we skip to Friday
YOU MAKE ME FEEL JELOUS
I feel like the soulja boi has been cranking me lately
the price i pay for doing chalk art
Github down !
to You can do this
I want to treat people with kindness but I also want Simon to choke so bad
All I need in my life rn is reliable dick.
haven't had any
They smashed the window to a vehicle that the dealership lent us in Austin, while we were having dinner at a Red Lobster
why doesn't anyone draw cool shit like this anymore huh all we got is full on furries
Love scenario deserve to win soty but they might not bc of the mnet/YG feud
RAAD, SUAA, SCYL?
Just had some
half of them are dead
you guys ignore me every time
I really hope mono is on Spotify and Apple Music he deserves to get paid
but can they blame us
i wna see shoreline mafia live so bad
My boy music is all that I need for this new week
Why u always up at 4 am ... sleep sir
Too many fake people
this is bean, she hates me but i love her anyway
Chill he could fall on it or hurt it more
Can I not wake up at 4am again fgs
Panic/anxiety attacks sucks
Done smh be so pushy
I keep saying here but to never reply
not used to this
I have to laugh
should probably skip watching the gala to finish my work
for me it's almost f-four
deactivating bc ur.. right
catfishers are cowards, and i am NOT A COWARD
chale
Same same~ He stand a chance when they all plan against him now all thinking about
Kiss kiss and make up, kiss and make up
Y can I be this pretty
I thought I was supposed to
i love minjoon
4 years
Lost one of the most important people in my life man shit even feel real
this comeback literally sounds perfect like sm read my mind they did this for me i love my bfs
Y ESTE DOMINGO NEGRA MUY FUERTE...
i think i might turn gay jk
Crystiane MartinsCrystiane isso ai miga somos
If I still had that medical license I'd hook you up
Are you part of the poors no
Same
clowning nia day
I really really wanted to give this little guy a new home literally heartbroken..
Uhhh what about me your girlfriend I-
im confusing myselfi saw my own tweet on my tl and thought it was u
My mind is all over the place
Only thing is I gotta leave my mom and dad but for the better
dont worry u are my wife at heart
Namjoon....you being a tease
i know how you feeling bruh , just stay strong for ma i love you
We watched him whip
We watched him nae nae
Now whipping once heavuhnnnnn omG rip
T, R
Hoping is ok after game. Prayers with him for a speedy recovery..
bye ill miss u in 2nd period </3
No, white people also say the same and so do Asian communities.
miss u
trade all of my receivers for Kelce
Honestly I been wanting to mess with Juvia but she's too busy to mess with me.
i wish
I, too, don't know
since needy and lonely and oversharing..yall know that person who gives little smiles and laughs during a me i do that
would be nice to see chan and jongin do a michaeljackson inspired choreo too
i didn't choose the h2hoe life, it chose me
Sharing tears and memories
i feel so bad for doing this to you
Mumbai international airport does not have a Haldiram Store
.
.
you know I just feel uncomfortable staring at real body part please
eliminations on disney night make me ESPECIALLY WHEN IT'S KIDS.
answer me
i wasted the day making myself pretty and drinking mimosas and now not going to ace my midterm
i just want another nog ops acc
sorry to crack ur egg like that
But all I see is hyper-commodification
How many of Omni parents die of malnutrition every year? Sad people with use the death of
oh yeah proof
having a terrible day
That's Taylor's main social platform. She doesn't go on Twitter
He looks like a moth
Correction : heaven gained 2 angels today today honestly get any worse
4th quarter collapses is why my team is 3-4
someone play imessage games with me
namjoon... why are you doing this to us im not ready
I wanna play Sims 4 with all these mods but um I want a virus on my computer Gimme safe downloads.
anyways where can i watch the mentalist literally no where
I wanna go to Waffle House right now but I have a car
someone come do my hw w me
Stop the killing
trump administration is planning to basically make (cis) male & female the only acknowledged genders... its so upsetting
15 minutes since i said and i havent got a text back
Tempo is already soty. I love powerful bass lines
some kid..just dabbed...in front of my meal
Nos mintieron
joon is so cute
man we really cant do NOTHING. I am so sorry my black Kings.
I have too many joon pics but my fingers hurt
OH well yeah scary I like it
If you have a musical ear you already knew this
Yeesed!!
I do not have grandparents on my mom side as well as my dad side... they done pass on however to
i had a funny meme ab melody n her credit bc i forgot it
and more bts
my ults in emojis
as
Today has been a FULL day of sadness
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
I wanna talk about it
Just want my poor kiddo to quit coughing. Little dude needs some sleep!
BTS buyin all those rolexes but can't tell us a time
just that thought alone makes me want to deactivate
I just wanna go do cute fall things
That shit hurted </3
era a adm nadine
Nop. Son
you will be missed
A long time ago a girl told me she loved me and I cherish that and been getting chewed up by it ever since ... Never again
im not even home yet & still have to write 2 full essays
I swore I was going to a pumpkin patch this year
I'm here if u need to talk I will drop everything and be a free councilor
stop stuntin on us so early about almost leaving to mexico
Wing stop would smack rn
We love an expose
bro cmon he quit
Feelin fugly
On everything open this. Like seriously do it
appreciation photo for my cat who hates me. ok tho ig.
you don't have to be lonely
/||\_
at farmers only dot com
\
|| \_
i just wanted care
miss those days
i actually really like her reviews now so...hurd i was cancel
Me and Juan really fighting over Bryan like he got a whole ass girl
not a good start of the week.
sick.
diarrhea.
stomach ache.
since last night.
i hate this feeling.
If this looks familiar to some of y'all its because I did the lineart in MAY
I called you out tho ILY B
fave mutuals ? i love all of them but most of us talk
Ah duck! That's right! No wonder you're this talkative
that one weeb is what i see when i have sleep paralysis
10avier suspended? gonna tweet abt fingering ears now
Yes :(( he got super sick
It happened over night
martin freeman is a dick but he can act. he can make his characters so charming, unfortunately
I miss this little pumpkin
US ZITAO STANS GOTTA STICK TOGETHER
of course it drops at 5am est so i'm gonna be asleep for it then i have work first thing so i can't even do anything until i get home
Eyelashes
i know approximately zero of you care abt me but let this flop
May Allah bless me
pleathe
I should of saw this one coming
gulp
My biggest fear
Is having arguments between students and someon get hurt or created hate against one population
This haunts me every day what is the 12th track of Love yourself Tear
They deserve all the love and attention
kuroyuzu would finally get the validation it deserved
I'm so excited for the album tomorrow I hope I'll sleep because I couldn't sleep for I am who
I pray for healing for your heart wow mamasss so sorry
half of lying
Joon flexing because he can hear mono ealier than us
ugh sorry
yeah
Cramps in your hands are the worst
uh running out of questions this is a lot of work for my two braincells did i make u have -1
Tbh... ur right
I even get to hang out with my niece Avery yesterday
I wish it was only satire. But so much truth in it
seen so much of this, I could add a couple of steps to
you are very good at handjobs
Gillum is just a handsome dude, guard your girl
i would but i have any of their follows
That shit hurted
When you ready to start posting dat fire again but you if ya know ya know
Namjoon needs to accidentally release it early
first gui design looks somewhat acceptable and im already being called out
ugh jungkook and I were looking for him
Omg elimination. I almost forgot who got eliminated
too old for me
sadly not a furrie but i tried
More gun shots
youre such a bullie gianna why do you always come for me
So sad in people
I think I am the only person who doesn't like the name.
Plus, the name/word has a bad meaning.
I'm sticking with vhope
The good days little pieces of candy was
Ziania, SOME pumpkin flavored foods made some points tho
my mom blocked my number AGAIN. the disrespect
baek tbm... pff goste dele
Layed on the couch minding my own business then it dropped and it changed me
done that so many times, so stressful
Will my spanish teacher be proud if i tell her that i make an effort understand what my moots say when they tweet in spanish
I love susuta i really want their G+/GS+ cards
hoping we are at least 8-8 .... horrible performance: too many penalties, OL is a joke.... to name a few
This bitch really be leaving to Texas and she gone leave me all alone , but my Cry Baby ass be telling her to take me with her
Cuma teman
We all go through fazes smfh
its not as coordinated as the last one
girldjjd i know it was cowboy day until today,, i have an outfit planned
Im tired of melody bullying me vro
And that is what is wrong with the legal system
I hope so
I meant
Ate duties / nurse sa kos akong manghod for this week. Wa sa ta intrams
im making u guys open ur eyes omg
Haysss, hidden from plain sight.
relate because i got
... at least i think funny
Candles don't hit back
i can't send anyone home
bc tb to when we thought he was wearing that one thong only to be disappointed
... at least i think funny
Hate when I disappoint my daughter.
That's good to know
what
I wish I went to the Halloween party
how many times will we let this go viral
always miss 100% of shots we take chief
I am so bored
add me
Thx for the giveaway and I really do truly love ur pfp
im close friends w so many people whose tweets always blow up this is UNFAIR when is it gonna happen to me
i guess they were trolling & when it got a lot of attention they deleted it
ily
we will dab if chanyeol does
He still follows her on ig
dude we still have hours left, that's not soon we need it now
follow me on my priv just in case i do
i've heard yazzy is good but I haven't tried it yet myself!! it's tough out here for androids
|| when u save gifs on your phone and they only show up as photos
a sham
See you there
Really wanted to try makeup as done other years but my skin is too sensitive from acne treatment
Happens all the time
Why does BTS always drop stuff while at school
If i could make one phone call to heaven
so mean to him smh I thot this was a safe space
ok goin sleep not racist to hijabis I am one jus mean excited for mono. gn I love bts,
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a girlfriend i bet she kiss
Dude, he was a cookie. He was the best
having my mom be mad at me is the worst feeling
Again with this headache
small foot: a movie about how monsters escaped to the mountains above the clouds to protect themselves against the evils of humanity
none because all of them are amazing in their own way
damn RIP X
I Had Produced ILoveItWhenTheyRun
Oh no.
from Iowa
everyone in the replies just made the same joke with different wording, i have to deactivate
I hate the way I feel right now
I really be out here like
Okay, I miss her now
snark... im so sorry.. but also this is a big mood i hope you can get some rest soon tho
max, tiff and i rabbited tonight, from wii music to love simon
tough having a good heart in such a shitty world. Being kind hearted with good intentions gets you nowhere
fellow marxist-leninists block me i cry left unity cancelled!
mono is most likely gonna drop when im in class or asleep because i have the worst luck
Bruhh I used to listen to this vine 100 times a day
Actually? Damn sis I really thought be getting that money to pay for albums
sighs i hope that day is near
yes
I love you
Hays
us yuto stans r making promises rnt we
tbm te amo ok
want to go to beach rn
Literally no other 10/17 's I'm depresso
I want to go to a haunted house but JJ is too chicken to go with me.
i love you too my favorite bedwetter
you can see it in her face
I know this is why i should really think before posting...but the joys of reading 'mystery' AUs
je
BAKIT TRIP NA TRIP MO KAMI HA? EXPLAIN URSELF, DI KA NAMAN GANYAN SA IBA yung puso namin huhuhu
You don't need to call me out on what i already called myself
i wanna eat out pussy me too
I miss you small one... I really do
however i deserve all the love meme i sent to people
you really in love with him, exactly how i feel ajout junmyeon
WAIT WHOS WHO
and exo on idol room doing that spin the camera thing and nano dance part
I wish my life was different in so many ways
My prayers are with Yemen
tanner is bullying jonathan for his arthritis fingers
Why they always gotta be releasing shit when in class/work
I'm more worried about him starting a nuclear war this week...but hey, who knows what we'll get to worry about tomorrow
doing a vm give away
-rt and follow me to be entered
-im not actually seeing the boys
-i just want followers
-ending today!!
im sad someone go out w me i wanna kbbq
welcome
So far this season is just making me sad
whats wrongg
No class please...
I'm done with my applied exam.
sister ig uses roses_are_rosie speaks english fluently. she invented it
why do cramps hurt so much
Im stronger than this
i will knot dew this how r00d
I wish, I wish with all my heart,
to get some coochie in a land apart
Sad to say Brother Nature has been replaced
GUYS!!!!!
Meet my new favourite wildlife guy who goes by the name
Wow. a fat ass
I need to learn not to punch things when pissed off
i hope baekhyun, chanyeol, xiumin, suho, sehun, kai, lay, kyungsoo, chen, tao, kris, and luhan miss exo, ot12
Heartbreaking
what team color gets eliminated next week? i try to prepare myself every week although it work...
Missing the island life already
My only fear is that forget about me
me when any of the boys cry
Fun fact: by Michael Jackson makes me cry lol
My head is pounding
Did you see my recent tweet
55 hour work week ugh get this bread tho i guess
my house so quiet now
i have ptsd from when make me play league
always in pain.. why it all just go away
let this week go by fast so I can finally see my lil boo
The problem with being in your mid twenties is that everyone lives in apartments and no one wants to throw a house party for Halloween
Hence the need for
Duuuuuuudeeeeeeee ...you know we can annoy handle this
will we ever get full version of fake love?
PDKFKS I have to keep my act together but this season teach me how to act
This was online gaming at its peak!
Everyone is in party chat 24/7 now no more full lobbies
i hereby own this emoji : , anyone who disagrees can put me up for trial
well FRIENDS i'm the only monsta x member now.
Emphasizing this again to self: Never EVER EVEEERRRR count the chicken before they hatch.
When they only share with their coder friends
I want to go see Halloween but all my friends are busy
may 1 point kana nadine huhuhu
i say im scared of her but i actually love that bitch
Or some states don't allow you to order online
its 2018, u gotta do everythibg to survive
Are u done yet
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
Sadly, I am not. I have so many shows on my list to catch up on.
every season doin it to me yay
I distract myself with work but coping in general tbh
I want to be someones favorite person.
he could be my sugar daddy 8 years older than me BUT imma still go for it
Having to set your alarm for the first time after vacation is not the greatest feeling...
Hi Just popping in to say be another Sunday without our stream Family projects and the upcoming
can my anxiety die pls
same
heat*
I be trying but it feels like not doing good
Im craving pozole from mexx
I am so disappointed.. I have yet to go to a pumpkin patch, corn maze, haunted house, carve a pumpkin, etc etc .
Have woken up itching like crazy and wondering what reacting to this time FFS. Tired of playing guess the trigger
you see ncts stylists would never do this because it is to powerful
MEU GATINHO (TITE) FICOU INDIGNADO HJ
[[. they just want to be loved. It's a fact. ]]
tw drugs
my friends digital touch messages vs mine
i only got myeonoasis
fuck jason that dumb whore killed me and the game barely started
us left handed people are being bullied by society enough as it is...
soy re molesta no me odies
but Sarah and Mitch are so cute too
My only fear is that somewhere down the line your feelings will change and forget about me
Uggghhhh few things more unpleasant than being stuck in an airport with no clear idea of when depart or arrive.
I am not happy.
no i take any good ones
He my bad gd boi
My mind is refusing to process that mono is being released this soon
just 9
I wished i could help at that moment
This sounds like the asian version of cindarella
I've been dying to start making my own YouTube content again but I just never have the time, shit sucks man...
starting to think um **** **** ** **** *** *** bc of the ******* ****
It just... really be like that
I know I just leave her alone now unless she comes up to me then I hug and kiss her
My. tummy hurts
Dm me if you wanna get emo and cry over MM2 and the
Dude you know we cannot handle this
oh sorry i cant help
Nightmares...
but they don't ask who do you wanna fuck, so disrespectful atleast someone understands me
i'm forever happy to decide stan you eu te amo
so sorry love
Nooo this is so unfair, this show deserves like 6 seasons, soo fricking good
I hate sounding like Mr Pessimistic but true.
Sigh
bcs he's a cat, he can't help it
Same! I keep finding pictures from before I knew about them wow I missed out
Ozledik be baba We miss you man! You will never be forgotten! Salut!
he told me he photographed the things he loved yet he never took pictures of me
Ebron was sposed to have the crown by now
take a vow of silence. never speak again
That is bare cunt fr b
use to be nasty times man
Killing my pride, wasted my time
academic breakdowns are the worst because you aren't sure if you should try harder or just give up
acc so peng, I miss it
Currently my struggle
he is all i got
HORRIBLE
i guess i gotta do what i said i would if you did this
Think imma go for a walk. I need to clear my head
i guarantee like 90% of my moots have me muted especially my fave ones
voice is so beautiful
yea i heard gillum got bodied
I don't have a reason to keep on breathing
LMAFAOHSKD im having a crisis
Manda wha
Eblyn is so lucky deadass the only thing I miss about being in a relationship lmfao
shut up i go
ya homegirl is
You have to do me like this
I want dumb hoe behaviour but sadly im not dumb nor a hoe
I made out with a cocktail because of these sweet abs ...only of I had abs
yes bc ur my dad come back home phil
Last night on the boat feelings...
Same
We're gonna get through this sis.
Thanks me too
I made out with a cocktail because of these sweet abs ...only if I had abs
" if i could i would feel nothing "
Well, that was a mood killer
Same here
I want him to choke me out
RT por favor!!!,
i should take a nap maybe when up again my man will be here
did you ghost write it
call me out harder damn
I don't feel defeated knowing that God is with me.
I feel betrayed knowing that the person I trusted lied to me
WE ALL EAT LIES WHEN OUR HEARTS ARE HUNGRY
I be wanting to text you but I just remember how you did me and I allow myself to do that
hashtag romance i love u
pls . miss the old greys
those eyebrows
3 more days
sorry
Twitter used to be great.
I & give up because one day ima live to tell my daughter... mommy did it even when all the odds were against me
Man it still seem Wild to me when I play your music RIP Mac Miller
currently listening to RM on repeat, also know as, living my life the way all humans should,,,,the best way
I am sad, listening to that.
Self love into esinganayo actually
I know the feeling
In the end I joined them
Yup in been in discord for 11 hours without someone
Good luck learning chemistry, i also have to take that subject for the rest of my life
I wouldn't have to keep recycling them if twitter would stop suspending me
I got a test tomorrow and Ian even studied
Wishing I could be in Mexico rn
Sad to say Brother Nature has been replaced
GUYS!!!!!
Meet my new favourite wildlife guy who goes by the name
You have my understanding.
TAKE THAT BACK but mood
blank annoys me and i wanna break the mutual but i feel bad
more concerned about the ricciardo profile pic tbh what happened to Ferrari love
dang i really thought it was that i am a boo hoo fool
. . . I. I will be the little Nyanya, don't leave me.
So sad, they have no faith
18. We have only two seasons in Brazil: hot summer and rainy summer
can't tell the difference between them, so i dont have one lol
when you want to go out but you have an early class
i almost choked on my chip
I can only handle so much teasing
Driving 3 Hours Home Going Blow Me
Best of both and Pied Piper deserved better
ugh so upset I feel so weak and dizzy
remember when would clock me together
I know
I think I washed my hands too much and its dry
Microwaved popcorn and Hennessy V.S.O.P. for dinner
not ready to adult
done, and thank you for doing this. people really need help out here
I'm still waiting for that game
will it ever come out
i have sleeping issues yeetboy
i tried though
then just sing along to it and not focus
time to delete that selfie bc im self conscious
No llore suegra!!!
but they are smaller than that
My mom just broke my fucken heart talking like this
i will i rt to join one whenever i find one and they always die the next day i just want a group of friends
Unfortunately no I just made this for fun... but thank you glad you like it :)
can we say a prayer
cuando en Costa Rica?
Hey I say I did! I gotta look tough on here
the world started getting real fucked after left
I knew you sigh haha on a serious note let bad comments bring you down. They
tell me about it ..
Why does this keep reappearing. This ones worse than the f*nesse fancam. Let me live
I'm sorry
spam this whilst i sleep
Wtf Dallas
My TL jus making things worse man
Sorrt cindy
Im gassin its shrimp gang over here
Being a Mizzou fan is rough
this was me
I think we can all relate after this weekend
my damn piercing .. i NEED A REFUND it ripped through my skin i even notice until i washed my face
Yall have some good nomin/noremin au to request
Wish my teams offense was like this
if out on the road lonely and so cold you have to do is call my name and be
They dont teach it to kids anymore where i live its sad lmao we live in a society fr..
i like it and i miss it so much but ppl are saying something abt the lyrics so
my mom told me not to speak to strangers
okay listen,, it was good while it lasted
I remember staying up for the comeback
WOW!!! So happy for you taetae!!! Wanna go there someday
Where is my gf
i just wanna bust out in tears rn for so many reasons bro
mandy left me on read, is this heartbreak
why would u put this on my tl
My feet hurt
ch-ch-ch-chewing gum has my knees pop-pop-pop-popping the fuck off
i love her angelic voice sm i could listen to my baby sing forever n ever
So much anime but never enough time in the day
conversation been short w me i noticed, but longer w someone else just dont fwm nomo g omm
you guys understand how much I love this man and how much I appreciate him and all his hard work. I value him more than anything
So true. And I know that about ifriends omfg sounds bad
but I smoke anymore I saw that people have marijuana bars at their weddings and it seems cheaper than liquor
I feel you!! Both Ohio State and the Browns lost!
I cannot sleep
when my hair was long and not damaged
i just . had to take this course instead of philosophy but i'm snooze i only care about art history i just. Please
Even though messi is out for El still getting our ass whooped by barcelona
you were never a real subscriber in the first place
I wish
magnolia k*lls me so much bc its too relatable
I have the G Pro! It survive the beer I spilled into it
ily
check yo dm
Maybe still check to see if the apple app store has the DU Recorder app, that has really easy
can the locals stop taking everything so seriously hsjdfhf we out here lookin like fools
my backs fucked up
It cold.
Ya van varios
she's the perfect mix between mai, chihiro and kiki im cry
Disrespectful
I love you so much
so so so much
This made me cackle WAY louder than it should have.
i shouldve known u were a narc
i dont hav apple music im rlly hurt
But just a little baby
My heart breaks having to watch them
16. sate ayam and macaroni casserole
17. dragon
18. wet season
sorry Marian Rivera
SHUT UPPPP white men just be like that (balding)
I love being a cap so hardworking ! oh wait no not
SHUT UPPPP white men just be like that (balding)
i guess i love u too
Who would take his place in the interim... Todd Haley??
This isn't Frosted Toast Crunch.
I am so sorry for your loss... Take all the time that you need.
Just had to pull out the space heater
my spotify ass is crying nEw soNgs oR? i am confusion
Aww baby
i went from 2 cats a dog a bunny a snake 2 geckos to nothing
lost in quarters. heart broken.
What should I do ?
Can somebody tell me what should I really do
just want trill to retweet me
been a while since kin has been suspended. She face revealed more& they got her out of here.
Hay. :( checked that hashtag pero ang gulo. There's "looking for" tweets din dyan eh. sana full of
Woah! Those assholes!!! Although, the only time I do recommend Life Alert is when been partying to hard.
i miss when nicki minaj hadn't hurt me..........
Que triste es mi vida
Losing him would leave me empty
snek is beginning his journey back to california tomorrow it was nice spending time with him but vacation is
Hmm Chale
i want this life :( i just wanna go to art museums and galleries
What choice do I have? It was not an easy decision, please understand
really sad canceled season 2 was soooo much better than season one they gave up on it to soon
that song was cute for like a minute
Plot says different sus
I wish I had a daddy to pet me!
nct really said fuck spotify users
Her mom though
She won't leave us alone.
first i meant my high school diploma
Better be available in Honduras if not what's the point
Maybe smile on my face will still be the healing song
answer it i poured my heart out for that cc and now i miss my ex hahzhshzhah
Madam.. don't waste my food
Delete exposing us
broke nctzen are losing
I really miss you
time to get Apple Music
When you don't make it into the bng
But is because you didn't apply
Whennnnn will the loml hit my DMs already
someone that can understand me
This guy Brandon just loves to snap me when at chicken bonz but pull up with some food smh
We in this together bff
And me
Yes bc ppl suck
nvm she work on this icon
chill bro sharing is caring
i need motivation
not going, started feeling worse since I made this tweet.
doing his best
I'm in Pateros eh Tara let's go later huhu
do this
You say a ton of stuff on Twitter that eventually gets lost.
Making a folder just to document
ME WEAK
I miss my grandaddy so much. been a year without him
Ohhhh it's really sad
jungkook you can blink now
yeah do u ever feel paper thin?
heyy bro! i miss/love you! text me!
no you can't
thing is theyre not heavy so it wouldnt hurt them
Ahhhhhh reminiscing on the good ol days when I could walk into a subway and get a foot long for only 5 buckaroos
drowning in my depression
me too
I hope okay
No I'm not
I miss california
i really know what spotify did to you
It was bad but I felt better afterwards lol ... it still hurts
sehun is fucking baekhyun every day Baekhyun living the life i want huh
Both deserve to die, one mocking X and then the other mocks
Lord, pls calm my heart.
do this to me
this is so sad
long live caso
Siii, sensible...
AHSHSHJK we already know this translator words things weird
did me dirty for having it only on apple
oh thank god, alabama is a place of cowards who have in any theaters
I can't afford him
I think time for a melt time
NDNRKRKR. oh, lovely, she?
wow giving your best and not being appreciated sucks ass
jimin is really the prettiest
i could never forget my gayness since i'm reminded every time i look at u
if i go to a pumpkin patch soon gonna kms
it's missing him hours
creds: llaufeysxn
i get an allergic reaction to something at least once a month
i hATE my taste buds. I like macaroni, blueberries, yogurt, or wine like what is wrong w me
Funny how just eating fajitas reminds me of my Grandpaw. Damn I miss you so much already
Imma be in school by the time it comes out
Disappointed
too many people love him
i just remembered i got bullied for wearing champion in 5th grade
Life is what you make it...You Live and Learn
Pls stop I try to be happy
such a good album bro rip
The other 2 have logs for hips but thanks for trying
boys r sooo stupid smdh im sorry i hope it works out!!
I am sorry for your loss
me too
ok nvm i got yelled at to hurry up
We're all just obsessing with information and hope
I honestly feel so depressed not even funny
HHH I GOT WANNA SWEATERS FROM CE& and like the sweaters are nice, but the place..... the cj pop shop, feeling scammed
I should work on getting more whimsy in my life. It's something that I'm severely lacking at the moment.
which mvp is gonna screen record
Terrifying imagine them being your neighbours they should all be in jail for
I feel you
I want an apple now
I keep taking these downers..
November 20
oh sis you need the roblox medicine now
eu quero eh mt chocolate
elliot hates me
I think born w it not something u can learn
really?
check it out cause no one would let it play last night
Crazy how just eating fajitas reminds me of my Grandpaw. Damn I miss you so much already
I wanna paint something but I'm too lazy and unmotivated
dont wanna get my hopes up so just assume the last Again
I wanna go back to work sis
I would say hear but not tryna catch a block so Mayhaps you win
How to sign up for a cheek smoosh
obviously steve minecraft,,, watch the new game theory explaining how powerful he is
Y nada
No
That spark in my eye whenever i talk about my dream got a little bit dimmer tonight
i had a whole set up gojng
Sorry for your loss
Oh fuck. sorry to hear this
Terribly sorry for your loss
shut up my boys R so cute
Or maybe several shookys joined together after he self cannibalises to take over the world
when he says do know who he means because if he means nelly then the end of me
GUYS DID ANY OF YOU TAKE THIS SERIOUSLY.... PLEASE TELL ME YOU DIDNT IM JUST,, INTERNET TROLL
I have Apple Music someone please spare me the English version of cherry bomb
welcome to the single pringle club?
thw one they literally just released
akok is THE kuih now craving for it
I hope i feel better tomorrow when mono drops
I still want wings
Why did i not realize this
I miss when this was my biggest cause of stress, the times were so simple
i want to go watch so bad
is this about me
damn im from Colorado Springs
I need to do some English hw bye
There has - in all my born days as a lifelong fan - maybe never been a season I was less excited about.
just reminiscing on the good ol days when my nose wasnt stuffy and i could actually breathe... i miss her
Not when u actually WANT to gain weight
I sometimes wish this bread would come get me tide
i want to be in the same area as her
My sister (JK bias) said he looks like a LA hobo here
Awww i missed out on seeing baby Bo
believe we show up
bc of.. that
pleath sum lonely gays
help me find a header
yall im crying real tears baekhyun is so cute
not evil
do hate Spotify THAT much
I am not jealous
Thanks not sure I wanna sleep until the sun comes out again right now
is this why so unattractive
always dream of you
like a 21 year old millionaire??
I got the 21 year old thing down, help me with the second part
this the cutest dance practice
god really spent the least amount of time POSSIBLE on me um marty
Wish I had the right mindset, energy & positive vibes to stream every day hopefully that will come in time.
Ur sauceless
Face reveal ever? i wanna post selfies but would let me flop
Lucky I GOT .67 CENTS IN MY ITUNES ACC IM : SAD
Bro chill not funny
Foreve rain
i wish i lived in fresno so i could just hit up questa to hang out whenever
Consequently, I just changed my Twitter bio.
My head is still hurting
the spam fairy will be back for you soon ugh i hope so
Asahkjk you really cant
how did i end up watching the mess of ace family i wanted to watch donut videos
I just wanna sleep under my baby
muera i miss you bub, i hope you're well and that you keep practicing your spanish amor
getting shunned in my group
I miss my wife
Follow for follow
mark... my homie... why u fight for us.. non apple music users
Stop being f mean
deixa flopa
Whoever sees this... will you please pray for me?
Feeling extra lousy lately
And no matter what you do to keep yourself busy, always in the back of your mind
my deepest apologies the socks were grey. he looks sad but comfy. would comfort
I miss my boy Conley
i just broke mutuals who follow cl*re dm me and ill follow u back but a girls gotta do what a girls gotta do
me??? fav mutual??? i deserve one of my faves too uwu also say less we about to interact
You and I make Nintendo Wii will together be WoW level 70
they always ask how i got on top of the skytrain they never ask how doing
them muscles ain't gone save you from this 44 nigga
why you always doing this to us?
fuck this life
October is coming to an end not looking forward to all the decorations coming down
bruh i thought it was just me so i aint wanna say nun
minha 97 line
Im just so confused
Miss when Sunday nights used to be for relaxing and family now nothing but hw
Sorry
ready to eat
no its susan
I still have faith for whatever reason
When I have a job, my brother use to buy me my clothes and he always picked out the cutest things I miss that!!
say. not a dentist.
very rarely anymore bc of the ones faking it out there
favorite bts era? wings era was THAT BITCH, i miss her
You've been avoiding us for the last two weeks
i need to start working so i can spoil my man
really sad that was in conroe today while i was at work
guys
Overloaded infos
I want ice cream
Sorry cindy
well you lost the most important one to night
they hate love
Oof sad hours Eve play Desbushido
they dont
I want all of this
my face is a mess but not a juvenile success
OMG MEEE pls he looks like those musically kids on ig icant do it hh but hes cute
I thought maybe this year we hit the post multiple times a game. Guess not
i just wish she had orange hair again
im adding you anyway
I wish I could be heartless sometimes
But I don't have it in me.
The Search for Checklist Checklist Checklist goes unfulfilled
release that on spotify
hais sorry la i reply u now okay
A friend but it was a joke
I deteriorated. is it too much to want to have a copy to be proud of my boys
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he
Falkor onEtsy are insanely expensive.
awe bubu i feel sad cUS I STILL HAVE SCHOOL AND MY BREAK IS OVER ALREADY
not ready Oml
sometimes i feel like the universe is against me
really gonna lose it if they drop the movie before I even get to see it in theaters I HAVE BETTER SNACKS AT HOME
only doing it because i want to hang out with you
My whole body hurts so bad..
Ohhh sorry feeling that way
but disney sucks too. always so packed that even the locals enjoy it
time to activate my netflix account again
miss all those kisses and pretzel sharing moments
Please win
Sorry my friend, been focusing on school and life in order to graduate by summer
Also my
this is so sad i have apple music
this is so sad
Why do I have so much homework today?!
the end of an era she will be remembered
Concordo contigo!
Is funny because is the only real mood
I can't wait
My art teacher is great
6 am and nct already making me feel broke
My art teacher is great
i would screen record but every time i do it turns my music off
lil nigga got the cheese touch now
omg she needs it sis McDonald's don't pay enough
someone probably accidentally deleted the whole game bh just lay it down to us already
tired of feeling sad guys
i love (2) colonizers
y... was dis my friends n i last night
omg yuck NOBODY in this thread has taste kall too well sweetie I thought I'd see someone with taste but apparently not
remember when i tried to be nice
well in that case.... i cheated i am sorry
I appreciate the gesture
My birth mark looked like either Africa, or a chicken drumstick
I know my own feelings so I have a need to ruin someone
broke bitches assemble
the pink filter is my favorite bc i look as yellow
i love u sm also expect that call from my mum no doubt she'll call you
I love it but it coincides with basketball
thank u pero i feel so ugly ),:
Still need to play
Men gotta love em. Makes me miss my hubby.
abraham called me ugly gn
Papa needs smooch
So I was like "who sings All of Me?" Hubby was like so I looked it up. And I was "Oh, Jesus Christ, I should
android users can't relate
This hurts so much
i really shouldve downloaded daredevil s3 we doin nothing at work and im really sleepy
let me kiss and appreciate every inch of you you're beautiful okay? Is it weird that I, a guy, just want to
add me
I really miss you
nobody appreciates the songs I send them
I was On my way! To the beach after work
dm her and tell her how great wawa is she bullies me for it
I check my icloud thru website and ayun di na back up yung files from my phone nakakaiyak lalo
Put thing@uP on SoundCloud for 30 mins so I can listen
the worlds neediest and pathetic person when sick
sigh i miss you
a-at least listen to the preview
But that account isn't official
I'm never that hungry anymore
calling 9-1-1 to report my missing virginity
that old tyler
we been knew
Yep it's insane... Gotta be careful
All these iPhone users nct forever calling me a broke bitch but it's okay I still love yall
I saw that
Bts think I can afford Seoul
woke up feeling shitty & sad
i listen until f-four hours after it comes out
Tell y/n how you feel
Just diss us androids
i was called out
Just got some news
Man this be real
they don't think of the people
there are better sauces
iphone privilege once agaib
i think gonna copy cayla and do a thread of vegas memories because cute as hell
EYE C
Queee fomeee
Hell, friends period.. always bored & have anything to do .. I hate being lonely
why these bitches let me run game in peace
I want Canes
If any one wants the up next session songs let me know i can send screen recordings SHSJFBJ
*3 teams fighting*
Me: geo shoot
Geo: *pulls the trigger*
Every time.. smh..
glad not blind.
her whole account is musty
Meu sonho era chupar os
wish school would leave me alone with my happy asheiji thoughts!!
I really cant do math, i thought 7 times 3 was 28 and i forgot what was it's 48
*not this essay already gon go bad
im awful and i barely know u do this based off ur name
- the beach during sunset
- a museum
I feel your "kere" bro ..
no you're my favorite i have to meet u
weakness: pretty people
Taeil can't listen to it either
not have mob mentality in our fandom as well shall we
Biitch the delulu wants to jump out sometimes I feel u
I want to be Christmas af rn but thinking of all the people who be Christmas af because they lost everything making me sad
when you are being crucified for thot crimes
Proof brother was gay
in this gc we stab
this like my whole tl tbh
it truly must be nice
I know how to use makeup so I
Me: shit I need to feel this dick balls deep in my soul.
im such a bad fuck buddy cause get sad and touch repulsed and disappear for 3 weeks lmao
i cant believe i like a remix for once
dumbasses
If I knew that NCT was this racist towards Spotify I purchased iTunes instead
Rip
why does everyone look so beautiful in their m&g pic and i look like ass
I tried to watch season three but I lowkey got bored and just stopped now idk where I am anymore
Thinking of my Hail Mary thread. been destroyed because people have deactivated or gotten suspended
They nasty nasty
IM SORRY ITS NATURAL SARCASM PLS FORGIVE ME
stan him
life loved me for a cool min but not anymore man, how am i supposed to know what the ion charge of the halogen family is? i Hate chem.
IM *WHEEZE* WHY DID THEY HAVE TO BRING IT OVER TO BAP daehyun, it was me back there
((Hugs))
definitely regret not finishing that meat from kbbq last night IM HUNGRY
New day, same old bullshit.
This semester has been so draining
Me too. 63 and labeled
the haunting of hill house* sorry
Sorry ms big bird
god i love handong so much she makes me SO happy seriously i wont ever find words to express how much i love
so . gonna link the new nct ep to me saving my free trial for apple music for when too broke for spotify SORRY
New Year's Day gets too much hate it's one of the best on reputation LWYMMD will always be the worst or ready for it on reputation
The light inside has broken.. but I still work..
I knew she was gonna get pregnant
my fav of all 4 of them I keep defending her from my grandmas mean cats
Community day went pretty swell today lol How many shiny beldum did you guys catch? I only caught three
I AM ANNOYED just end this. so sad for Maggie
The Jags lost their 3rd straight this week. Being a fan of not so great teams is hard.
nct127 said android users have no rights
My job is really starting to irritate me. I wanna go back to contracting so bad
I wish Alima was home .
What are u weirdos doing
Stuck in an elevator
not the first one is fromis_9 latest comeback but i didnt have another fromis video ready
try to escape from one of my problems, its like a ton of more come like damn i jst cant happy man
i had just seen the video of him telling fans that he was said and then i thought too much about it
Welp my local have BTS Time magazine the hunt continues
I should be enjoying homecoming festivities but instead I have to study for a midterm..
Ever feel like you don't belong anywhere? I sure as hell do.
I want someone who loves me for me
Exhausted cover it
I need more changkyun stan moots
Gender equality, pls! It's a VERY serious issue, lol.
yuuto is a murderer
i be feeling unwanted at times
i had just seen the video of him telling fans that he was sad and then i thought too much about it
i lost 4 followers
My fam always asking why single...like ya gotta chill.
ok sorry fellow apple musicer
I had a shitty day in a while, but today was just that.
Last Funeral I Attempt Was Wee Joint .:........ I Do Regret Missing A Couple ...............But Id Rather
I would get sick right before my vacation
it's i miss sistar hours
so glad you got to go there. come Baby why you so cute? my little artsy maya
i really listened to Brol earlier every song hits home
before i sleep (bc kris is forcing me give me clout and say nice things so my insecurities jump out
Frat boy jokes you will be missed, it was fun while it lasted
I do not want to feel like that again scary to feel that way.
tenya iida really carried the anitwt community on his back but y'all still sleeping on him
im only just listening to regular irregular pls dont revoke my nctzen card
Alby Rydes is pregnant and I'm not the father
War of hormone, always
been sick all day and only two people checked on me
we in so long omg
recommend some good shows to watch i wanna binge smth tonight
ugh now i acc have to annoy my friends cause i dont have an mcm
Crying wt. Billie Eilish and Khalid- Lovely
Depressed mood
Followback
yoonseok nation rise
angry at you go with the other anon now
wtf
I can't get it though I'm at 150 VBucks
STOPP THANK YOU <333
IM STILL EFFY ABOUT THE RAP PARTS vocals snapped though
i stole this meme from someone earlier
i know
Days like these I wish my mom chose to stay in my life...
he's cute but he really tries to act so hard and he's not
I feel you. still waiting too
we have any animals inside bc my grandma is sick but once okie obvi coming inside
THIS WEEKEND OF ALL WEEKENDS
- hard work
- knowledge
- spreading love
- roses
- sad voicemails
But I still want to see it in theaters
these headaches
I bought 7 pumpkins to paint and the only person that showed up was my lil sister and only bc she lives here
I wanna be your main squeeze
So no one goin to comfort the gentle giant ? We have feelings too !
To triste
Just wanna go crawl under a rock
os dentinho
y rosas?
Jani Tu Jitna Chessa Hai Uthne Vote Ni Le Saka
Anyway Congratulations
When u actually post a selfie on snapchat
i hope you recycle
So sorry to hear
He just wants a better future...
i has the iphone xs in my hands ready to buy, but i left it
demi lardner stan was my best tho i have to get suspended on that one
Find me someone who hypes up my selfies
girlie dodged the question
i lost another follower what'd i do now
I swear the same person , these were only taken 30 mins apart from each other
arizona is ugly my state is gonna disappoint im so sorry
my titties are really out here shaped like kim possibles
freezing man
she looks lipless here but shes cute
that just aint me
sike
. This Pride i got is too much
i could never associate myself with ***
just found out blue cheese was white
te amo tete
Dang I really thought I got mission failed get em next time
i even finished a bowl & my eyes are soooo low
It may be the most important question of our time
just so damn tired of feeling like this
BJTCH YES THEY DID THAT WAS MY MF COMFORT MOVIE
okay the rest who liked: going to do them before i sleep, after i finish this quizlet for my exam
im gonna be real w u chief
strapmys when i give them song reccs: hear sumn
I have this toxic trait where I hide how much I dislike someone. If I like you, you will know. sorry I help it
i thought u was about to say a certain word
We going emo hours ! My is too iconic to change though
Oh no! Well, I just hope mine goes away tomorrow!!! I NEED to feel better for
Courage surtout
I still eat em though
Cheer me up. Please!
Fr though gotta save our planet before too late
I have a migraine
if there's someone missed im still here alive. IF
How to commit suicide without hurting loved ones
Bts fan cafe in japan America could never relate this so sad
waiting for u to see mine
I know, mom and dad never let me get any
Thug tears
Could anyone help me create a moodboard for yoonmin all I could offer is my never ending love and virtual cuddles
This horrified me but then I thought about the fact that markets sell glue traps for not so cute animals.
we got exoposed now . plan A is cancelled execute plan B
Yeehaw in the name of Ann tonight laddies
I- ....Sorry
ONE. THING. all i want
Happened to me last week chief went and they open cuz I forgot it was Sunday
I miss Lorena .... anyways Lorena, your child has not sc me back
YEAH I JUST ASSUMED.... omg the problem
Suddenly missed the old paradise.
sorry jungkook sweetie what r u doing
Short visits are never long enough see you again soon hun drive safe
Hi every one I just make another account the old was forget password
Not a Brady fan but he owns Buffalo...
this was about me im the pale bitch with circle lenses
Now I want to know wgat Kyle is firing up.
all i wanted was a meet and greet with all of u
I memorised a lot of useless shit (vines, memes etc.) what a waste of storage
i cant win for losing man
I hate having to leave
I swear! Man cannot even sleep.
changkyun wouldnt treat me like this
my whole tl is downloading tiktok considering unstanning
Idk what to do anymore man
Fighting ang studio fix ko lapit na maubos wala pang backup
well i have apple music what a sad life
I have no energy for this overnight shift
I feel really uncomfortable.
twilights 10 yr showing is today and Tuesday and I even go
don't go getting high every day
thank you
Please I want a selfie today
Missing my girl rn
Not all heroes wear capes
Yeah, it's a real f**king shame you don't remember me...
can please go after
noted my work ethic too strong lol
so no ones with me i guess
I think I spent literally 3/4 of the day in the bathroom sigh
Sorry for spoiling
roken..exhausted.. havent eaten in days she hurt me
Why do i feel like Rick dying soon?
im gonna be at work it drops when my shift starts.. and my shift is 9 HOURS
Traigan Burn The Stage
I hope he calls
Such is life...
I had baby face today
I don't have an android I'm just broke and don't to Apple Music
Can Rick and Daryl make up already? tired of my dads fighting
they really hate us huh
hungry and I just watched this whole ass season
THE FACE IN THE BACKROUJD but so pretty
mas vc tbm foi grosso cmg
oh my god i'm sorry to hear i hope you can complete it between those days goodluck gian
Swear
most of the seat were now taken. oh no.
why the fuck does everyone think i have a canadian accent
after stanning nct I realized that perhaps spotify user lives DO NOT matter
Mines do all the time
why the fuck does everyone think i have a canadian accent
this could be you but we're not mutuals
Hell yeah, wish you were here
queering queerness what can i say
too bad allergic to nature
Thanks hill
Goodmorning
Can come to argentina already? I want to change my pinned tweet to this photos
Caleb Back the fuck up
idk i only use spotify and i think its great
be friends again
no time for finals
The least they done is put taegiseok together, let the superior ot3 breathe
im so sorry for your loss stay strong
Crazy how you can be in a relationship, then all of a sudden be strangers
ctto:
i even thought i was being productive but apparently not
Please I want a selfie today
This gave me anxiety.
Idk why people like me, not even that funny
Sope is superior. You got me
johnny: i just wanna make a play
me: *clears my throat* wherefore art thou romeo uh... *reads smudged handwriting* ..i defY YOU STARS!!!
y'all rlly played us like that
whenever famous r gonna wish fucked
I even do nothing yet RELAX
I GET IT! I havent watched the third season bc someone spoiled my ass
Jimin talked for 0.2 seconds in that visit seoul thingy and it made feel all types of ways
that hurt
someone help me find a cute spooky layout
how about me
I need unproblematic exo-l moots or just exo-l moots in general cause I have no one to talk about exo with
Not their best
i tried with it on & off idk maybe apple got strict
I WANNA GO HOME
i
I even get to say hi
i still dont know what to be for halloween
im sorry sis
but thats the tea
when 12am kst phobia came about
This girl swearrrr she gt but everybody in d zone just clowning she
i just wanted a tweet to go viral
this is the only part i fw shjsjhdh
Apple cider. I drink beer anymore
wait so is there not a sex scene this episode?! was it cut AGAIN? richonne
y'all saying you don't owe your friends even decent treatment and then be tweeting like "i feel so left out
ok they are but still dam
if he reminded me to turn the stove off I would be homeless
Ily thank you
I want to post on my personal IG but my anxiety says no
imagine waking up in the morning as a talented artist and being like oh today gonna paint i could never relate
Why highschool be like college and not have truancy
If Nayeon knew the things they said about Jennie
Faltando a Rehbein
preview
LOST 6 lbs during this pregnancy so far. stress is eating me alive
maybe if I confessed but I'm a scaredy cat bye
just lookin for a honey to cuddle and drink hot apple cider with
I had a bestfriend wondering where she went
omg never listened to them before
thank you izzy
I know but be in Vegas next year!
Wished u lived near me
why all the best people at mv graduating this year
sorry working on live show and new music rn
I sont wanna talk about it
Me too.. -sigh-
whOSE GONNA COME THROUGH AND SEND THE SONGS ON THE EP OR LET ME USE THEIR APPLE MUSIC
I gaveup on my hw ill just flunk nd go tocommuntitt college
FKDKDDKSKW STOP ily <3
i wish i was as cute in real life as i was in filters
missing the wrong person right now... whyyy
It's so cold outside I can't believe I asked for this.
tfw you take the banter too far
tufff
it was a great weekend SICK AS FUCK tho
Alas, my pumpkin was rotted deciding if I should try again. I still had fun.
Argh, Picture day.
ily
Awww man!! sorry for your loss!!
was watching rumor and minding my own business until i remembered that lee sian's final place was 30 wtf
i wanna watch horror stuff
You talk about Books, characters and other stuff...I am confused
looking grim bro
My nipples hurt
My bench was better than my starters. Went Clement over Mack
he will only disappoint u,..
Where the girls love me like this?
Washington County, MD! Blue state, very red county.
i needed this thank you
so u sending everyone sweats but me do I need more clout?
from the bottom of my heart, fuck you chief
Y'all need to open your eyes and you all will found out that titan and alien are attractive
they made hoseok the straight friend again when he's our bi king
tots on ate bianca cruz po? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA gusto ko din ng jollibee
10 days left in the month & I done anything spooky
So sorry
im not even gonna ask what happened im just gonna cry myself to sleep thanks exo
Not yet! But we appreciate that everyone is on high alert
theyre so annoying i wish theyd leave
a girl gotta do to deserve the world?
damn tell me where i should visit n have FUN bby!!
not many honestly
*sigh*
P.S the dude in the contacts picture got a thick ass neck
I miss that guy
I am The Biggest Loser and not talking about weight loss
revealing he has infectious mononucleosis get better soon rm
i really want somebody to shape my hair like this
out here looking for jinkook stuff before your namjoon ships, love
what we talking bout is really good they snapped
Ummm .... sadly it doesn't
So much on my mind.. so much to say.. but I literally have no clue how
yeah but we don't want to even imagine
Muresigned nako as a student then a-apply ng photographer
really nobody to talk to about anything..
hi can jonah, jack, or daniel follow me
watching it now
mannnn can yall calm tf down w these damn phones
Tfw no housewife(male) to cook me dinner after I get home from a long day at the office
When I have kids I'm naming them after my aunt that passed away. Lord knows I wish she was still here
I just wanna go to sleep already.
really butt hurt about Cameron leaving
Boise State Street messed up my order today after a long day at work and so sad about it... not mad just disappointed
We feel so sad
been really lacking the motivation and energy to do whtever I gotta get done lately
nas
my favorite thing about her
you wild
this meme has probably already been made but
Bruh one day ima return the favor God knows tryna hold it in
went to doctor and said I got LGTB syndrome
\
|| \_
LETS GET THIS BREAD
i need more once mutuals
me 1 am: *trying to fall asleep*
my brain: feel like pure shite just want selena back
I miss blonde seokjinnie
Someone give me attention please
Gillum for Illinois governor !! I wish
Randomly DM but I'm really shy
not on YouTube anymore though
Why is everything on dollskill so expensive
his body ugly
that time of year when i have to change my Bitmoji from wearing summer clothes to winter clothes
Damm a pumpkin patch date would be flight ....*big sigh*
I would love to visit seoul and live like bts but black, fat, and gay so yeah
I miss Chewing Gum but at the same time I know it come back
Posting selfies instead of working on the project I see
how do i stop saying "beau yeehaw"
Caramba
excuse me
spamity spam spam gonna cuddle the FUCK outta you
mich can shut up now
Sorry i cannot really compare them i do not watch SuperNatural sorry
Pagka famewhore!
Outrageous I heap praise and NEVER get even a "like" The genius that I'm wasting
When you not together but still faithful
I'm so bored
Dm me if you know how to take the m&g wristband off
hurts me saying she lowkey dislikes gert and i hurt her saying i care about bughead
sigh
I meant it tho
kamishinsero is right there
me: hey depression have you heard of ligma
depression: what's ligma
me: LIGMA NUTS!!!!!!!!!
oh my god, i have a test soon. i want to *die* i hope i can do well... wish me luck, Pleathe.
So my flasses broke last night at work and now my water bottle just cracked at the bottom
I just be falling wit the entire desk sometimes no joke
what's your favorite food? hmm probably something spicy
I wake up and I'm confused. I didn't even do anything
going to study bbl
trying my best janet, but i only get them inspirational quotes
Lucas, Kun, ten please do a live I miss you guys I need to know if you guys are still alive
What I do now
It very cash money of him
thankyou and loveyou!
i-i love him so much oh my go d
if you're an advocate for pineapples on pizza then i'm divorcing you ew definitely not :/
my a string stay in tune annoyed
But like all the girls who dressed up looked amazing just letting you guys know
obsessed with gathering knowledge but not applying that knowledge
perhaps johnil is (still) cute
that niche bitch from Halloween have to die
It be like that
should i shoot my shot
CAPRESE SALAD ISNT EVEN A MEAL EITHER ITS AN APPETIZER
I was bored lmaoooo
i already miss my baby
Tae's green highlights were such a blessing that we did not fully appreciate at the time
i thought u were jonah
Ai ai Harry
it is not Useless you can do so much with this knowledge
pls, can I eat pasta and bread everyday without gaining weight
Imagine cheating on me w someone who looks like peppa pig triggered
Carti really hittin this
i know i was the first out of my friend group so i felt gross about it jjsksnsk
I felt this
gordon is disappointed
i feel like in high school again waking up this goddamn early
please get a skinny RATIO OMG. never seen a ratio so fat before. go click and rt on gain mutual stuff
Thot NCT127 is the best NCT127. They said they tryna FUCK. Spare dick sir pls.
I finally went to watch the wendy/john legend collab... oooof gave me chills ms son legend and her honey vocals
Ughhhhh I know makes me so sad
Why, oh WHY did Romo wait until he retired to turn into Peyton Manning?
Care too much, you always get hurt.. GN
This is always a sad day... all of the golf stuff makes its way to the basement!! what a golf year it was.
The next week will be pure stress and not ready
ugh i shit
okay fine bUT ANYWAYS THE POINT STILL STANDS
Oh Luke I feel so sad in every episode
* has such a good voice for a racist
blank cant sing
CAN WE LISYEN TOGETHER IN MATH I DONT HAVE APPLE MUSIC
the acc only has like 700 followers are mean for getting my hopes up
HSJSJSJ pls he asked first
I just keep crying on & off
they pretend not to
xq
Stuck in decision making,
Dont know what to do. Erm.
My brain is not functioning.
Oh Allah help me.
everybody is talking about the new songs but i cant listen to it
Sometimes I just wanted to be somewhere far away alone
in a rough start
I need to a have deep DEEP talk, I need more intellectual people in my life
I know bless them I want to look after them they definitely need someone to care for them but who would u trust x
Ohhhh honey
it, going for a piriton. Itching that keeps you awake is no fun
Everyone listen to that while here waiting for some nice to upload that shit on YouTube
Sometimes I just think about how bad I wish mewtwo was good....... sad times
Hate when my insecurities get the best of me
going to bed i handle this boy
He just validated how much trouble all of us knew we are in
been a rough week
Not about my mutuals or followers here, just thinking about a lot of diff internet personas based on this?
inserts dee kosh eye was attacked video
One of my biggest fears is getting in an accident and not being able to get ahold of someone why does my mind think like this
if they keep gassing her up
Saudade do purple hair da chi choo
this is a literal JOKE i just wanna talk about my love for them
not
i used the free trial last year so i even do that
Truly the best bop by a boyband WMYB who?
this weather is starting to make me want a m*n
I just miss you whenever the weather is gloomy or sunny
Wishing I could be getting on stafah nerves right now
My dad come home with enough tacos so now I gotta spend my own money on food
I wrote that paper explaining how beautiful you are
You must miss me so much
just burnt my grilled cheese f
this would be me but i don't use makeup so it's just all there
Ouch !
omg this shit aint workin..
pero esta hermoso
I wonder why there is no one who wants to talk with me. Oh! Maybe because i'm: a boring person.
I need a rocking chair in room.
I tried
Stop
My oldest son
It really but this is my life I guess
10) Not sure about this one , but hm.. i love my personallity
Actually im confused to answer this question
omg no but register to vote if you're 18 !
Wish I would be recognized
they're so cute i'm
Somebody probably dumped her off people are monsters
My hands stay clammy
Since I was born in the year 2000 I remember the name of this dance
That's what I call a disneyland parent
For real
kamil i peep that follow follow me too
drop it on spotify honey
i sound annoying all up in ur mentions i was just scrolling and ur tweets keep popping up
Dsclp
i cannot stop saying it if u have this much influence then i might end up becoming an ogata fucker
Damn. Sorry to hear this about LA.
ela eh mt linda somos almas
Crying in the club. When will he tour again
eu amo tanto
I second this
Id watch the hell outta it
agreed
i believe it has gotten to the point where having to break mutuals over this people on
wow someone fall in love with me streaks
After visiting Google Hardware Store madebygoogle googlepixel
the sticker came off my phone case and it feels like the end of an era
i told my dad and it made him not like shawn even more
like to accept that deal, although very tough for me to do it
You asked for it
the g string just wacked me in the face is this a sign from god
let this tweet bait me into showing my true colors
she's cute
I miss already and been 40 minutes since he left
I just wish I could bring boogie into my bed and snuggle and sleep. he needs a big boy bed so I can climb into
ella fue mi primer crush
idk why your death has affected me as much as it has but i truly miss you jah.
I did text back
do you want me to report you to murdoc cause i will . ill tell him you think his acrylics are bad
can happiness find me like yesterday
AKSNSJDJD HAS HE PLAYED ANY SONGS FOR YOU THO
You never suppose to go out like this
its time to re-invest in a rice cooker i think... i thought i could live without one... but im suffering...
been able to rewatch Mac rhythm roulette yet
watch out for my tears and uwus in the air i loVE
homeboy really out here looking this good WHAT THE HECK
ur nut is weak mines outsold if you say so rematch coming soon
SOO ready but imma be at school when it comes out so a bummer
OMSHAKSJSJJDKS mood
do it coward
Siempre son los mismos fans
Pode bater, sou isso sim
oOf hope for the best then
about to be a week since seen this shits been tough miss her so much already
sorry i thought it was daniel jones
ugh so lucky
im coming to your Halloween party sunday
Ok daddy
Jah know
Ay can yall underspend my bfs account already :/ lonely on this app now
i dont remember who i got aKskdjdb but it jackson
i tried being a Panthers fan when i lived in NC. it just felt wrong
they didn't let me post all the hearts at once because it was too much love to handle understandable, i
Drinks 29 gallons of water, does 7 step skincare routine, next day 3 new pimples arise
Let me take you out on a date. play with me
Can we really debut that high this time
when ya wanna play wii but find any batteries
Mahershala Ali is doing that James Cameron movie...rip in peace
too many
Have so much going on at once and really taking a toll on me .
Wow Lena is the bestest
too late
i really dont care enough abt Bellamy to talk abt him and try to figure out who's right and wrong
tough
the clown bites back
WHAT ITS TRUE
what do you have to say for yourself
I miss the old Monique
Why my nigga swerve me like that
Fuck I may have to get an xbox jus to play that Forza
what jungkook so cute for not fair
not even ready for tomorrow
okc starting 0-3 hurts me a lil
thanks bub I hope so too
THAT WAS ME AT ONE POINT and then I yawwed to hard
She is like i get the appeal smh
doyoung really said know that
you not wit it
JAJJAAJA ya me
could
She gasps for breath, clutching her chest and falling to the floor. Mercy on mercy violence
i followed a local i-
The thunder really upset me tonight.
amandas so inactive that when she is active we miss each other most of time bc shes only on for a second
When your idols become your rivals
I-I actually have video audio evidence of piano ghost if yall havent seen me post it
nobody has told me sis IG account YET
i found it forever ago and forgot to follow
mickey and bri's friendship is so pure they cute
Who am I to deny him
Not really. Mri tomorrow. Im hearinf meniscus tear. Sounds like he could be out for a while though
I miss NELA views
I only have jai. The rest is ty and jaehyun stans
NATIONS ARE MOVING, WHILE NIGERIA IS STILL BATTLING WITH PRODUCING PENCIL IN 2018
A CITY IN CHINA IS
i missed a facetime call while i was leaving work because my phone in my hand and so sad about it
I forgot to post a jewelry today! Sorry about that guys. I was a bit under the weather today!
.
Show here is a
All my faves are gonna be at the Latin AMAs and I can't go I guess that's life
Hurts to say this..Melo is trash
26) only concert i've been to is a.c.e at tkc i would die for them
27) its all for my classes
28) cookies &
back to being a mark anti im not gonna support this apple music lifestyle
Ugh I know but I will stay strong !!
Is it bad that I miss having someone to talk to all day.
Rip the Queen Brittney Murphy tho
I really feel like I neeeeed to dance yo
nct rly said fuck android lives
not been to a wdw show
Billboard skit or this tweet
legit sad! I find the salted caramel anywhere! How will I holiday?
She sucked me too hard , I want my foreskin back
My guilt is very much triggered rn after receiving a text from my aunt.
i have to go back to school tomorrow not lookin forward to it gays
We have no flow this year
And we get next.
Wow is about to be 15 I helped raise all my little cousins why are they growing on me
Omg no so sorry for your loss, sending love and prayers to you and your family
wish i could
Ugh we probably gotta take my dog to the vet again.
Damn. Sorry to hear this about LA. But read the whole story, because she is absolutely right. God is REAL.
Cutting got me starving
if no ones gonna add me to a top tae bottom guk gc then make one myself
futura free is so good though,, 9 percent
you poor soul! My prayers are with you
/ so wow im horrible and have a bio for Samuel yet but i still wanna plot so like this and dm u his traits / a little abt him
aah. i thought i was the only one~ now i feel less special.
Oh wait I have a tattoo of a remote on my wrist
i loooooooove taehyung so much i want to give him the world
you can do this! let's be strong
how joon held jimin
I miss views
Not unless u walking round naked and have to worry about clothes...story of my life
I love you
Delete this shit !!!!!
sad that these memes are making me laugh...
What a dragon
can someone pleathe pay me apple music?? i can send you toes pics
2017/2018 have been the worse years of my life losing people I love.
it be like that huh
honestly same
If I get scholarship money to transfer tf out then mayhaps
My sister paid the Netflix for this month sigh
hello cutie minari.. you might be the softest person i've seen here.. and that makes me want to protect you forever
i miss your family
also last time i said i wanted to cook for u u told me not to
when is it gon be my turn
I'm a 1-1/2 because I only onions. But no chance to mention my for mayonnaise.
im exposing my local acc for this
At war with depression.
jasnimerice its corny
wow he really be out here forgetting about me
I need food. but i have anyone to bring me anything
They took off hella old greedo shit
NO stop acting 'sok' cool in front of your fans, babe. you're just a little bunny for me
Huhuhu no comment deh
Me too Gray its a curse!
realized that in my 18 years of living, never been romantically involved with someone and that makes me sad
what is going on fellas
lemme smash
height difference
off to kalibo
I got a little teary
believe been 4 months already, I miss my Lilman so much.
i dedicated a song to jass and she said it was horrible smh i stay unappreciated
You right
not fair
Too late for me.
they never paypaled me cowards
Apple music...nct really hate me huh
Nothing has ever been the same since i started stanning blackpink
okay and nice enough to hp me lonely
All I want is to finally be able to move out with Corey but it seems like getting further away
i have three
tell me gonna be alright
And hungry too
if that is the way i must go
WAIT... gonna drop it while in school. this it
they always separated us
IT DISAPPOINTS ME
i dont think its possible
Suscribo!
Who got me
Desperately need a hug
stressed... college hard hard
how could you disrespect me like this
The world is so full of tragedy
Lame asf
the really did
I wish I could do more this month in terms of shoots and content but I have the time bumming me out a lot.
android users found dead in a ditch
drop me
will you tell us your new
weird way to flex
me looking at the essay supposed to be writing
i know
due at midnight
so random pero i woke up 2day and felt really thenkful for my chingoose
literally like she just keeps on saying "i thought y'all were amazing what i did was misinterpreted " like lmao sis move on
been doing homework all day ugh my head hurts and i already took 3 pills but i just need one more assignment and done
Someone buy my tropicalia ticket pls for both Saturday and Sunday
oh... going nowhere i guess
i felt that
He calls me a pedo all the time bro it be getting to me why did I say that shit
Yo amo el Dodge Challenger HellCat RedEye y no lo conozco...
omg rly i didnt think was that much tb i thought it cost that much anyway
i have b cups dont deprive me of one cup
had to change my bio not having a ***** quote on my profile
a different kind of hurt
the office is so good scanned it since i was a child
Sometimes i just wanna rant of my private acoount but then i dont wanna hide things from you
Caroline, breaking heart.
They my size
I want Heejin on my timeline.
It really sucks doing fun holiday activities& your bf is in a different state
Damn I got played. It really be like that sometimes
how are screenrecording
Tired of feeling like not good enough
Facts lol. Miss too!
If tan wasnt disabled xiu would post about him more
high as hell & hungry
annoying when you just want to spend time with a certain person, but they kinda seem to have the same interest as you do
Poor dude
I need you the most but you nowhere to be found
F in the chat please
ngm me atende
why is it always him guess stuck with you for life!
Why is it so hard to maintain constant communication with people
Every ones beens getting that
i had to do it
lmao wdym just tryna say sweet things to you ask sophia so sorry omdss I thought you were the
Well that sucks.
I miss my brothers dawg
Ah crapbaskets... I should be more clear with my tags in the future.
This could have been a cute photo if I so ugly
how many for you to follow my main on Ig?
It is what it is Sarah tf you anyways
O sexy puth nn me da mais bola
I have: no tuesday selfies
Fuck
tae plz do anything
and when bias was jennie
i hated a-cha when i first heard it but maybe suju knew what they were doing
guess watch from the afterlife.
im sorry i just followed to see if any drama happened
I swear if Burn the Stage the movie going to be on Netflix
Will joon do a vlive b4 mono drops? Eye am not ready....but a leak would be nice
this icon is DISGUSTING but being bullied into keeping it
if i get exposed for the stuff i said on fb from 2012, yes i said niqqa imm sorry i was 10-11
It was only for like 30 seconds
Been starting since this morning
The group created from Produce 48 show. They're debuting in a week.
NAMSUSUI ILY SM GIRL
isso !
Damn wish that was my cock instead.
its time for me to subscribe apple music ig
I live in North Dakota but I promise I do it again, I was just broke these past days
ive been having a crisis for 2 hours leave me alone
god knows what doing but yes
this is why my favorite Girl.
como faz
Red = RED, WHITE, & BLUE. Wish I could vote
College here I come
Just like Not Today
SmosherPaige says hello
the realest heartbreak is thinking about leaving Milo when I go off to college, really my whole heart </3
i love her with all my heart
I was literally just at EWR a couple mins ago and I was thinking about this like,,, when will the slander end
The attack is real
I cant listen to bts when doing my homework cause this always happens...
no Hot Rod, not cool
NO ILY MORE
oh my god being fucking demons rn, all of them
guys he's just proud of his pretty un bracelet he want to show it and have it noticed
Fr man... we the armpit of New York
all i want for my bday is u to just bus it
sigh oh well i guess
nct sign a contract with spotify pls
I really just burnt my tongue
Miskin
At least you have Blake Bortles
RIP Jorge Caso ...
I love Apple Music but they lag with releases
Happy 7th Monthsary I love you and I miss you See you soon
I need better thought I need better vibes
Been thinking about my American trans and/or NB neighbours a lot today. You deserve this.
Just got cold out here in the middle of nowhere and I got 6 hrs left of work and wearing a t shirt
karma you have got to stop w the racism i feel like im following trump
tired of being garbage human sewer rat
Oh no... ur hacked
i wanna walk hand in hand with someone under an umbrella is this what locals call cuffing season
Social media can really ruin a relationship & it has done it for me
someone call me while i play mario party
I just want someone to talk to me the way Chris Collinsworth talks about Patrick Mahomes
Not good enough
it exploded
I told her I love her
Guys Im coming out
Bowser Jr. kin
tell anyone
I just cant seem to get this lit
just bombed my eco test
if they got their shit together ppl even know they make BOMB comics they just suck at movies sadly lol
I know! The little girl looked really freaked out. So sad
oq
f feed the cc pls
disrespect comes in so many different shapes and forms, and niggas understand that !
sjsjjs bITCH THE ARMERIES ARE GONNA COME FOR ME ON HERE TOO NOW
Every time I forget, here comes reality to remind me.
Clint even make a layup with Lou Will in front of him
Awww I didn't see you there and we passed right by there
My snack drawer is empty gotta stock up again.
[sips from a big mug wrapped in a duvet] mmmm this is the Good Stuff right here
first saw**
Yeah, because your cult leader said to
my lips look crusty but it I promise
hinata coming home to natsu climbing onto him is just about the cutest thing ever seen
so sad. Prayers for his family.
meu tudo
The only time my phone is blowing up
we were just trying to have dance battles
i cant remember your old user
12
I'm doing something wrong and the only thing I can think of is I'm being honest with everyone and that is ruining everything
The thing I miss about Ohio is the
also, my knees are hurting again
yes i did he was all mad at me though
he is every star in the sky
but u are literally so amazing
I need some Thackery Binx in my life
Wowwwwww smh I had a shot this whole time
being a 1d stan was the best part of my life i really took that shit for granted
I just wanna go home to my dogs
keep saying apple music wins but u kno what,,, just wait for someone to put it on soundcloud like the broke bitch i am
just tryna do headass shit w somebody
sorry
Jimins fam he really only got 2 friends
JAJSKSKSKSJ she has an android AND she eat ass hard life
I want more tattoos but ion wanna regret getting them in a couple of years
There is something about old nohay. The nohay of 70s, 80s and early 90s. The times of Sacchay Bhai etc.. That essence is missing now.
I just came across this nigga page and he was cute as shit then I seen a picture of his daughter & kindly made my exit off his page
Hopefully. Sad
When I walked down to the I sure it would be there. It was.
I miss my girl
OMG
I was so rushed on prom day that i forgot to put on lotion i was ashy then hoe lmaaao
i slaved for HOURS to find this video and FINALLY here
I told drug dealer David to let me ruin his life and he said you crazy
im sorry i unfollowed now
Too many problems for 1 nigga
it is funny cause i lack talent and motivation hdjsjdj
ig it wasnt a phase for him
I just love this one person so much
should have took my shot when i had the chance. now she dating a nigga with a ballsack for a head
I think about it so often. Every day I listen to his music and think why. Why him
they better
alone I guess
I can sing & i really love music but I'm not a good singer so sad
You must be have much money to treat me.
Girl! RT Sephoria looks so fun.
Well my lil secret is out now
I have the ass for it
Do you ever just wanna start over with someone? Get the chance to do things right.
help me
Man I was rooting for brother nature
I'm just tryina take a bitch to Topgolf
Humanon na ang research deh
You and me both, Ry!
My shoulders still hurt so bad.
So many tea's today. Wtf? I just wanted to have some good news today
what happened!?
i wish my name was gun so all the americans would love me
Appreciate, thankful, lucky > TOO MUCH
CANNOT
Man i miss you so much
Bucin hasung
I actually want to relax Jimin take me with you I am stressed
It hits me that i have a man, every night
trying
u comeover im putting away like 5 years worth of laundry
The pain never ends
s-sowwy
the cute costco worker i saw today
Really wanna travel again but broke
Damn man why you gotta do God like that? Smh
i hate streaming their stuff illegally so a bitch really about to get an apple music subscription just for this ep
I don't deserve the verbal abuse I receive
What a way to start off my Monday by receiving bad news sigh
It was a bad morning of L after L that was out of my control
I wish
im gonna miss being annoying by telling ppl to stream dwc as i do with ccc
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
Pues me de bien preciosa
Y-Yall be making me scared of piano ghost now, he just playing bros
My cartilage piercing still wont come out
Well some people just like posting things you tell them without your permission
exactly, these mfs can't do that and just keep their mluths shut apparently
I swear bruh.
I looked out the window and it was snowing. Yea, winter is coming
just praying it all goes back to the way it was. I hate this
text me back
but I love you.
barbie dont foam out c*m from her mouth tho
I missed Bru tho. worry tho bc give him a piece of my mind when I see him next and
Need to smell his scent
I have so many funny tweets but always give attention to the ones that that funny
need ppl who have bo4 on pc to play blackout with sos
i have any
sad they use the biggest shit on the
it really be your own
Que mierda tan profunda
18 WHY do I have back problems
All you had to do was keep your word
I look whack but I was happy
I wanna watch Venom but also lazy
I miss this
I want to learn how to skate but afraid of falling im too rad
nope
Is it just that they scared of you or care for you. tired of being played by weak people who
I miss my sister
missing this..
Nothing more heartbreaking than coming home and finding out no cereal
Reminder: Jags passed up on Patrick Mahomes
El dolor...
I ALREADY DO i just think he a lil ugly sometimes
did i say it right
i miss them too baby
This game today....
The gifted needs lesbians there's too many straights it's boring
south hills drumline does go hard just that people only pay attention to what they do at football games
LIFE has definitely humbled me
if your favorite pizza pepperoni idk if we can still be married you really are an intellectual, i'm
I lost too many brain cells from reading your tweets
*2 more years
I failed Remy
why do people think getting over someone is so damn easy
omg you have to do all that hard work
I like him a even accepted that he should play instead of my namesake
I miss them
nao fica assim
i speak ENGLISH sorry
What a difference a year makes.... and sadly there as many pumpkins they were all tiny this year.
that happened to me once six flags
I'm so sad with myself today...
I need to get back on my workout grind omg im being reckless
Only if it was real
ya so my mom took a sharp turn and i dropped my skittles
I have an iPhone X or else I gotten one already
Sexy bartender is not here. In her place is some tall, lanky, unfriendly dude, who spends more time on his phone than serving customers.
omg..i just wanna be held tf
currently listening to the my playlist on Spotify
im mad my skool doesnt have a mini coffee cart like in gilmore girls
what rapping did to him
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
I- this is humiliating
definitely not fine and it sucks
I just wanted to relax after work
I always tell people to be positive and be a better person, to really grind and get what they want. And I even follow my own advice
Alexa's nose is really broke
regrettable and outrageous
Nothing worse than leaving somebody you love
(im just tweeting this so france can get the notification) hi get off work so i can kiss u already
Who cooked im hungry
HONEST TO GOD I MISS HIS CHERRY HEAD
your favorite food? i can't choose between fried and white rice
Every Haram Relationship ends with
/\ > /\
| | | |
suddenly I miss your tweets
it matter which i prefer broke practically forced to use spotify
So your type? Like pbycially skinny queens got my heart
am i lactose-intolerant? yes. will i continue to consume dairy for the foreseeable future? yes
When Freddy Mercury said aching all the I felt that
pls drop this on spotify
you always hype me up i deserve this
buy one of those lights so we lose ur dumbass
Every Haram Relationship ends with
/\ > /\
| | | |
This really the case tho I need to be eat towards 3000 calories a day. I hardly make 2000
this is so so beautiful ! unu i'm in lov
I honestly am really sad that even someone like brother nature pure
I wish I had more time
This
Damn, I wish I cared enough to work out
People mistake the pixel quality of an image for a good photograph
This is ugly
I text if they wanna get Dutch and get left on seen
but aren't them all maybe junmyeon... i wouldn't trust any of the others even taking care of a rock
I'm so bored , anyone wants to talk?
Bad bc I sucking his tiddies rn
is this one cute though
Conmigo chicas, lo siento.
wow life is really hard. praying 4 u
be fine soon
Every Haram Relationship ends with
/\ > /\
| | | |
TT has been eliminated
I have been away from my boyf for three weeks now and one more to go... maybe hear from him next week
I feel that. hard.
i want all the smoke
not cool man
Sigh
damn you really have to come for my heart like that sir
i thought so too
same
I'm obviously going through it
so pissed this work out lmao
no its susan
My surprised is ruineddddd PEOPLE TALK SO FUCKING MUCH
yes look it up
So sad this weekend is over what a fucking movie with my brothers in Rosarito Mexico
adam22 be like i was different 10 years ago i was cleansing for my colonoscopy it was a very stressful time
Not to be nsfw but I bet hyunggu would love my playlists since we both have similar music taste I wish I could
we do love sebastian & pls. i have visuals, talk about yours
Me awaiting the inevitable disappointment that is tomorrow
Like you believe Jesus this one really hit home for me...
he should come and get all these smooches
desculpa
anyways trying to get the red to match sweater but it working
I wish god would take me
ITS BEEN MORE THAN A DAY
omg my phone made me this vid and now im sad
i'm not feeling this monday, folks
I just catch a break !
I KNOW :(( i just wanna squish his little cheeks
Ooooh interesting have to watch *_* And yea not my style either kinda sad for Kurapika how is Leorio hotter???
Just me next time
They wanna see you winning
I'm too scared to I've loved him for so long I don't think I could deal with not having him in my life oops
tired of buffoonery
yeah
My head/neck hurt
I had the WORST luck today
I liked a video Why I Never Show My Face...
why yall saying all you will only move your hand and head with body wave on blanket kick
I really want a jae plush doll but I have no idea where to buy one does anyone know? pls it's the only thing I want
took my concealer off and my dark circles are still there
i want soda but my fucking hands cant open the bottle
i swear if this time malaysia is not in the list then ..... they really forget us
___.
Engram
Beckham.
Barkley.
Man.....I wish we could say the same thing
w-who did this ?
But it is cold
yeah nct did that
I just played Wolves by Kanye for Evan in the car and the first thing he says is the heck is this I wanted post
i lost a follower since i changed to this jisoo layout just say you hate women and go
I deserve a happy heart. I deserve a girlfriend who won't treat me like shit. I deserve unconditional love. Why is that SO hard to find?
apparently not the only one going through it today, hug it out fam
I go through scrubs like crazy because of this. But I finally found a great brand that tear
damn namjoon stop teasing us the songs
I love Tre White, but rather have Mahomes
tough out here
leave me ALONE small and sensitive
i miss u already
I want a love sack...
But they are so expensive
if i cant find them at the local gamestops (theres like, three in town's general vicinity) ill have to buy them online
I feel
trying to make a cute instagram but not working out
I really know what I want this account to be tbh I miss my old one
Problem that you sure don't know me even if I texted you and I guess you will not give a chance to a stranger
im ready to fight for my love
so bored I wish I was in a Fishman fandom gc
pls go stream zayns music so he can buy himself a new phone
just kidding i know he tried his best
I think any of us thought I would actually do it sorry
GOOO
When You Wanna Give Up But Not Sure If The Right Thing To Do
the demonator
It isn't even out yet and we're already streamig it
Can someone take me to the movies tonight my cars lights work
ididnt know muslim arsd was today
With my heart
Im not supposed to be going through this. This shit is old why did I get myself in this place again in the
thats beautiful and now I'm sad
Oof I relate, me too worry, we can be the family disappointments together far away in nyc
PREACHING THE FUCK OUT OF THIS
Chemical Eng not graduating this year, Mechanical Eng graduating twice. Thanks
estaba de amarillo estoy triste
awesome! I work in a building that has a gym and contests, but since i work for the agency, i partake.
I just played Wolves by Kanye for Evan in the car and the first thing he said is is trash I want post
we've never spoke but your layout n user is so cute i love it please be my friend
why does no one listen to me
right! i should block you
I know I know...I only just in case
We can't buy the albums our currency is devalued and it's
It's hard these days to trust anything. And I don't see it getting any better in the near future.
Mood
Oh no. I was trying to help look for it too
Open new hall please i tak dpt purchase
Not saying I appreciate the other people but I want it from you. ugh. Thinking about this bothers me. But how can I avoid it l?
aw shit my anxiety starting to kick in that girl hate facetime if she call me in tears I'm telling her this was all your idea
You really make it too easy for us
brian cells always have serious conversations, but this is one of them lms if you agree
Oh okay I got confused JSJJS but yeah I saw her perform that but I wanted them to officially release it
I deserve it
I wanted to be yours.
you better mister, i wanna see that beautiful smile
no way I could get my titties sucked on the state fair ferris wheel cause I legit had a panic attack as soon as it started going up
Dang they really contoured real nose on the big screen
I wanted to but you never know if taken
are the ones who stop talking abt me
I know perfect but some of be pretty and smart and cool and have nice hair and nice makeup and.... just
such a tease
Cliff jumping is not as easy as I thought....definitely wimped out.
bold of you to assume i know the anime guy in my dp
we finna get a new finsta
Still work
you are adorable shut i am not been over this
Going notes app
we gotta stick together thru these moments we r just to far ahead of our time
she's already asleep pues me mato
Naw not brother nature
yes especially when i talk abt jonah
cause a het*ro
think i was ghosted
why is everyone so soft tonight i planning on having my soft jaemin hours tonight but i just might
She doesn't create a safe environment talaga to give suggestions ayun, nasoplak na naman ako. Haaay...it's just sad.
it didnt im sorry
Feeling down lately... all good though get through it.
she jus wanna find shop again nothin wrong w that hard to find a good target nowadays
damn u got me there
so glad rupert have a twitter account disksksk probably deactivate because of me
up or stay and is the hardest thought Playing on my mind
Story of my life
me ajuda pf
i love my beautiful family so much
Wishing all of the bad things would go away. I live and breath got my kids. I hate having to leave them
i look so ugly in khakis bro
No chance whatsoever
I hella want some BWW
You never text me back and trynna love you Dm me rn, text you back :-)
going thru it
Jimi enthusiasts are y'all up
don't listen to these rude anons they're just trying to use your clout to get the attention they crave why
too soon, man some of us are still grieving.
Not ready for the weekend to be over
Ugh, you are so confusing I dont get it
she blocked me
If I had someone this sweet MBN
bro I love him stop
Take me home
back when he was listenable
I'm going to bed
Free Bobby Bruh
I've had so many reminders of ex today
andy dalton smoked a whole dick before the night game
Rest In Peace Grandma Moore finally home to see grandpa
screen recording does nothing justice but here
We're really supposed to believe Link saved hyrule that skinny lil bitch....
I Gotta Get Back To New Orleans
Could've had hunt or kamara last year in the draft.
I really just want my babe
until he can't
Lmaoo i think i lost that shit. Too chill now
not ready for Monday
eagles did this to themselves
stop tweeting gonna wreck
i love him it hurts
i tried to post proof but it didn't work
theyre making fun of my feet i just wanted to show my ped+mani
Again, me and my $5 will try very hard to live like this
Im triying
Wish a perrito to come home to
They really hate us
having boy problems ugh this is why i do men
Ya boi wanna go to the haunted drive lowkey
Sometimes you just need someone to vent to.
Sim.
lalalalisa_m please just update sis the world is a fucked up place without you
Surprise guest on ? Well, we all know what this means. I can smell death from the comfort of my couch
pleathe gimme free tickets i'm poor
Lie to me by 5SOS is THAT song
I mean ur right but the frame can only hold so much grease and sweat
Not hope world Wow
anytime*
wanna make a kpop unpoplular opinions video but i would get attacked
i know you nasty baby oh
I know what to say about these jaguars
I mean I was already gonna move out since allergic to rats
nope sorry
It REALLLLLY makes me sad Luis gonna be here for first Pumpkin Patch
i have the prettiest video of morph but i think of a caption that does it justice
morning practice can suck it
i really wanna be alone tonight
Ugh
Oh n the service stinks up here too!
Twitter please dont take my acc away
can u even see this
Depression is so real.
Que pongan how I meet your mother de nuevo en Netflix
you act as if I'm not one either sjsjs
Back to real nigga hours (3rd shift) and honestly I say that excited at all
I just want to regret any of my decisions
sorry! I feel that way during the week sometimes. If really feeling down about it
The fact that some of us will be in school when it releases makes it worse BC we have to wait an extra 4-5 hours
Both.
Sadly, you're right.
Damn gone til January
isnthe beautiful.
Sorry m8, das bront palarae
But pls. But bring back man bun, we need that bread.
pay for you to kick my knees
i hate church people but if mark says he played guitar for the church then i guess my boyfriend plays guitar for the church
You're cute as a button but don't got fake boobs
Facts...
If I stop procrastinating right now actually gonna fail this year
Let me try again
finally
Sadly, I seen it yet.
Pissed I make it to the fair this year
Woooooow..... Aman central still tak open
officially sick
Over all I impressed with the new Halloween movie
Cutie ))
Allegedly
do have any ideas
Feel like shit really wanna die rn
Tied
does anyone understand geometry if so can you tutor me ?
hit or MISS i guess they never miss HUH you got a BOYFRIEND i BET he
Before I left to go to Walmart for some bread, I said Get this and proceeded to forget the bread
Would have seen her today if it's not for those lazy ass people...
Game blue screened on round 62 today on Blood...So sad Please fix this
I LOVE YOU WITH MY ENTIRE HEART!
Me voy a arrepentir mucho de no ir a ver a Imagine Dragons
This weather
I think mine are doing that....
thanks for nothing
Headache
Uncultured, all I needed to hear
rather be eatin ass
I messed up here
No. We go to church to leave all worldly distractions not bring worldliness into it. No respect! Lord have mercy!
MISS U MOREEE
is there another place to listen to it besides apple music
FUCK OFF PRIVILEGED HOE,,,STOP RUBBING IT IN MY FACE
jennas using my feet pic to get money now
Annnnnnnd we're still sleeping on kirishima..... OK
Got too
it's time to play daisy elegant
becoming a white whore
I almost wish i stole the tweet but i would never get this much clout
I know what I want anymore.. but I just know I have no one
I talked to hot gym dude for like 2 fucking hours he fine as FUCK. I gotta go private now bc he mentioned having a twitter
Sometimes it really do be like that
Ugh I love Jamie so much I don't deserve her
Yall asked
Oh no it's not an electrical piano? Which means oh no piano strings maintenance
Child flashbacks of piano lessons...
That pill made me sleep and still sleepy until now.
It pains me to read that feeling ill from that.
i donr have apple music right now
Can u include dee kosh?
Tutoring is my dream one day, problem is, I hate kids
i keep telling you and nic to watch it but it feels like y'all are always busy
My brothers 20th birthday is coming up in a couple days and I spend it with him this year I wish we lived in NC with them.
I wanna make a spooky basket for someone
speaking of , can we stop being dry
same, I will forever be sad I wasn't able to experience it live
who let me take AP psych? doing these reading guides ain't it
Tae in this era killed me
Your cats are perfect and beautiful creatures
she told her mama she tried to smash me
Man I just want a turkey leg
Muito ruim isso aff
he just wants to go home and see his family pls let him be
I tried to be sexy and put cheese in my noodles...fucked it all up
sorry
I CANT EVEN flirt with you in peace
writing a kiribaku au and need an idea for bio... struggling
He repeats it more than once.
really wish adoara had more content theyre so cute together...
it truly isnt
at
gonna take my baby away tomorrow, and man my heart hurts. Sucks seeing your first car go out like this
just wait on the day I have enough money
Its far too late to turn back
so sad I get any pictures from last night
sim oremos!
my brother got Apple Music free trail by begging his friends for their credit cards but my friends have any minhae oppars
sunburnt, I have blisters all over my face. I have to go to school tomorrow and seeing Joey in a few days life is AMAZING
i wOnT eVeN foRgiVe HiM uwu Sad sad
we were gonna talk abt it w tomorrow
y'all are such a couple
So sorry this happened to you
Can only imagine how you feel
why I say no I wanna be here
sorry but I voted ew...your basically eating gum and toothpaste sorry...
how old are you? recently turned 18
this nigga got my whole heart
well, goodnight
What kills me is other humans make this shit happen, all this been prevented When r we gonna learn
Honestly know what to do when you hear information that kills you
my throat hurts
Yep, he got her in, then lost her to someone else in his "tribe".
boa noite
I kind of want to do an unfollow spree because my tl is a little messy but I love everyone I follow
So ready to go home I miss Texas
oh i thought you said favorite
i CANT pay apple music bc its too expensive for me and i dont even pay spotify. my mom's do i need a job
n-no taegi waist holding like minjoon
a gente assiste junto
my boo is at work & im sad bc i miss him
mad we whenever got to fully appreciate the purple hair jk from the LY answer concept photos
my aunt in texas literally had a home like this built from scratch for like 300k i can get a shack with that here
yoonyul hyoyul and sunny being happy w the friendship ring they got her
say I love him
this a new acc i been on stan twt since 2012 dont clown me
we shall debate in person but LMFAOO them shoes fuked
Ohhhh no!
Going away on mini vacay's all fun and games til you gotta clock in Monday mornings
i'm sorry im dumb
Hope everything is good.
I want to do that too....
thanks for coming. Family always. has disappointed me again , since 2014 I met him..
Drive safely babes people are dumb when they drive.
I feel so stressed out and irritated
Life got me so twisted rn
i drink coconut milk
my boyfriend's literally the cutest thing ever he's so soft n cute
i really want to enjoy this but i get passed the fact that the color guard is so dirty
F
i keep wanting to [rest] but bts won't let me
cici? do u love me? are you riding say never ever leave from beside me cuz i want u and i
I didn't ASK for a heart attack
i wanna meet you
Pwede ma fries for a day? -- always wanted, always kagubtan & always willing sila to wait til ur ready.
wow
I miss this day soo much I LOVE YOU BOTH SOO MUCH!! I have a question tho
Lol I meant that dude looks like bront palarae.
I get it, man bun hype long gone
Quiero abrazar a bangtan y a camila por favor LES REGALO TODO MI DINERO PERO
I did not follow my advice and eat before grocery shopping today.
been supporting us since day one. i love you
kim doyoung stop being so cute
I miss u
NOAKSKSKSKQ apple music letting me download music
johnny has a really pretty girlfriend
Jaydan love me anymore
u went so hard on this thank you for blessing us with good ass music
They just had to reschedule this damn tournament. Soccer season was over 2 weeks ago
got ptsd, post thot stress disorder
I LOVE U
The E-mail sent! I activate my account
Penguin name is: TuBurritaEn4
i wish i could end it but looks like ill have to end you first
I am very fearful of this.
Well so much for this coming weekend. So much for being excited. Glad to know that I really am disposable
And really love it until it hits a certain length
okay just wait
i just want a chimmy or cooky one
i seen my team in a whole week and i miss them
I hate fake love, I need real love
I see how it is
thats pat bingsu right? ugh i want
ANY BTS MEMBER DATING WITH ANOTHER IDOL????? Please answer me.... please
My dad texted me once since he been in DR nigga having the time of his life without me
lowkey idk what to say to this BUT we're gonna get thru this and it's gonna be okay
Being a thunder fan is tough
oooh if you need to do homework then a double winn!!! i procrastinate a lot too good luck
Craving a grilled chicken ceaser salad
Wait dumb- what is the list thing on here even for?? I get it
is it just her job to attack me today
tea <3 but idk why she want to meet him
This was so hard I love all the tracks besides best life and drip best life is ass and the three blind mice
It was a hit n run
Every time Peach is mentioned.
just saw the tweet was fake
not iron fist
It scares me that at any moment my mind has the potential to make me feel the lowest of lows and often times it does
Day 294/365: not ready for the weekend to be over Antioch, California
i was making the ppt
im not complaining it literally slaps im just pleasantly surprised
sad bc i wear vampire teeth w my costume bc my braces
i only have nightmares of me dying
prepare a pray circle that jk pulls through
I just did three weeks worth of Econ today
Honestly
blame j for that gif
I just clocked out of work and my man just clocked in and so sad that I talked to him all day
Wow. Maggie is getting real annoying
Jodeme...????
kinda
I know!!! so disappointed
Yeah & far beyond fucked up
That's another thing, have time to take a picture but no time to speak
I wish Supernatural things would happen in Vancouver.
Facebook clique now
True LOVE type of love I want
is this an actual song bc if it is i need to listen
is such an ugly word lmao heckin stop
Forever missing you and miss you everyday until we meet again. Forever love you
Oops I forgot about that
I had to turn on my heat tonight.
i miss my bitches
me next time please
fashion sis
I miss my nieces and nephew. I wish I could see them
That's good. You weren't at homecoming
I hate attracting/being attracted to thicc women dawg. I never have enough wee wee for them
I just want good duo practice
Then someone better draw a big ol L on my tombstone
any sugar daddies wanna PayPal me for nothing in return
the commitment
Yes, all of them
local guy always snaps about wanting people to drink/smoke with him and im so tempted but the disadvantage of being a fag sucks
Pain .. so much fuckin pain
i wish realize the problem here dont u think i know it already
Would buy in nanosecond but my car needs new rocker panels. Priorities!
I honestly ... sad
Dude ima be a witch to for Halloween but u look way better my costume cheap from the 99
This one never found his courage
I really thought all day breakfast at McDonald's was gonna be a bigger component of my life
shut up
im sorry Sunday and my mind working right
Sad
I hate posting pictures with filters but those are screenshots from a video
i just wanna be in a small gc where everyone talks and gets close and we become THAT gc
This is my first Halloween without my little spooky kitty
homophobic...
NO IJM NOT IPROKMISE!!!!! IM JUST DEPRESSED DAMN
i wanna see that wonder woman but probably don't have enough
skz idk the otherone
The disappointment from this game today
just being honest
Fine and suspend this announcer
Shit so sorry to hear but glad alive and being looked after!!
so close get her next time
I might have still believed evolution was fake at 12. No, I want to talk about it.
Ppl always should he of...
...but nobody ever ask of he should...
I couldn't get it since I got an LG and not an Iphone X this ain't fair i'm sorry to dissapoint
Too sad
Good morning? en mi son las 11:11 pm
21. i speak english and a bit of spanish, although i understand it much better than i actually can speak it and i'm also learning korean,,
I was fine until they called ally the other one
shordy has me whopped
I even get a chance to get my kids a jersey for Jersey day
Ah Jung hoseok pq me fazes eu sofrer tanto
ive been playing the sims for 5 hours straight
I succeed climbing the house gate Ya Allah.. the crazy things i do for bangtan
I need SC6
Aww my poor bb hope he feels better at home and get the rest he deserves
And Herro even make CBS too 100 CBB players for this year.
jie are you huawei??!!! cbjxnsskal they really hate us
then tell me why when I put a whole spitfire magazine with extended mags, homie pulls up and kills me with one burst
i made his head too big so i had to shrink his body for it all to fit on the paper
Right, it was Sayanee's last handshake as well yesterday. Guess I'm gonna be all emo at work today
I miss playing with someone's hair and scratching their back till we both fall asleep. I'll make someone so happy one day.
really out here like
If I go to a pumpkin patch imma be pressed
It makes me cry bc that was granny favorite song before she passed away
i already miss my other braids going pass my ass tho
Been in the cold for 30 minutes
follow me
May I tag my ownself?
I did a wreck
When someone you love turns into someone you even recognize anymore,
this shit hurted
sorry guys i just care ab dogs too much
This is sad
Yeah got to cop another one
suddenly remembered celestial boy and damn i miss the lejindary jimin fansite that doesnt whitewash they were
wish i could rock the bald head look
U r so nice, we don't deserve you
Hi i love you n all and youre amazing but I'm trying to sleep
NO IM JOKING PLEASE SPAM
i want to adopt a rabbit but my mom would kill me if i do! i kno this is highly influenced my jk but watching
Im not happy anymore i swear.
FJSJS i thought you told me you biased him at some point
So close
But honestly a sweet misunderstood boy who is getting life in prison for nothing... it just breaks my heart...
my trypophobia shouted
Only 150 days to go.
This happened when Hope World came out too, just part of my life now
And Herro even make CBS top 100 CBB players for this year.
Noona an oldie but not as old as grandma
too exclusive
definitely not in his decisions to cut his own bangs
Only one person i wanna hear from
pls post kings I miss you
I gave my sister melatonin so leave me alone now bored and asleep
Their kind of Monday blues. Not mine though.
ss this and send it to her
LMAO nice tho
How can this be happening
Nope I only saw for iphone x cases
I miss being subscribed to starz
whatre you talking about, you are the cool one here
Can I speak to your manager headass Do you have a permit headass Do you live here headass
This has been a terrible month for me
No restaurants where I live
My sister going b crushed
Am I stupid for missing you ?
i hhad hoped it would be good but seeing it in action feels like they sucked all the charm out of it
A* i cant even use the right article
Damn well hopefully just on a little puppy excursion and makes his way back home. Put
When will my back pain go away
been two months wtf
Pero Isi por la cresta no
It is amazing artwork, but seeing the whales stuck out of water feels creepy.
I be putting myself in bad moods
but ima be honest with you chief i know much about you but ur still cute uwu
riku really out here eating people
spit is gross.
Also no bots would be nice.
i wanna be pregnant LOWKEY like who want to shoot a baby in me
Could we talk about THE OCEAN for a moment, Mr. President...? The entire world needs you, Sir.
TATICELO ACABOU
h-help me
If I wasn't hurting money wise I would gladly support her on patreon
im tryna lose my six flags virginity
can someone please just love me and cuddle me
all 3 from south Florida newspapers. a reason they work down here and not for Espn
Everything is so difficult right now I just need things to get better
Used to, retired now but
Crazy! We almost rented a place there. Small world.
You poor soul, like me, are swimming in a sea of red.
I had you, but then, aalis ka na see you again in December. (Maybe?)
louie needs to stop napping because now he wanna sleep when tired
university of pitt could never
tive que dizer
Stop bullying pete man
is my little anime cat girlfriend
They do not look alike lol but the story sad man
i need new teeth
But i already miss her she makes my day better
Missed that yesterday tho wala ko kasimba hihu
hey post too short wtf...freak you!
I spent like 10 minutes on this question trying to decide which one be ok missing out on the answer is
Now why would u delete it . U look so good
well his so I want to see that if it glowed then maybe that been okay
real missing my ** hours
idk that much either about you
I just wasn't as excited this year to watch the games. I can't even have my Buckeyes in this bizarro world.
Bts would ask me to murder and do it at the speed of light this is cult behavior
Get up 10 top 3 tho
Our recipe says we have to loophole though, ask for no ice and a cup of ice on the side. You get the worth of 2
I know be gone soon though
wtf im better than him
zia me shippea con crush
Every day it gets harder and harder
ok u win i do miss sasuke
I believe there is gonna be 4 episodes of this season without Rick. I guarantee you the views are gonna
Help me to get through the day.
No only people playing fortnight at this point is children under 12 and yt gamers. Our kings have fallen victim to FIFA 19
i used to stan 1D back then too
but if it gets the job Done
Im a mennace to society
ei garota vc eh minha vida
Dawg Trey young really came to Cleveland and dropped 35 and then my browns lost by a field goal
like i had to literally tape her together
You know what they say about leopards and their spots
The emoji
How is tomorrow Monday already?
Inevitable lagrimear con Anatomy
rey school tomorrow
.....uummm ... really not a good feeling when ppl ..recognize ur hard work ...
not to be me but where is minho and why am I not holding his hand
Goin through it right now
I miss seeing in a Penn State jersey
Bro been in bed all day my stummy hurt
I smoked in a while
To Luigi mains everywhere: sorry for your loss
I can honestly say the same thing , & nobody understands the battles I deal with everyday
she accept me as her father
tasteless food again.
Our last holiday was Labor Day
really know what thumb thumbs are
That was a joke, Dawon. I didn't meant of that.
Poor Brainy I love your blue shades and you so beautiful and smart
to all my followers whom i have deceived i actually have it i just held my finger over the video til it
his manager
sorry, GOs are already closed.
Funny how disturbed i feel right now just bcos of all the things ive heard recently. Words are definitely sharper than a blade tho
i sure hope so
getting myself a cake rn and I just thought about when I bought a huge cupcake for steve aoki to cake me with when I met him
I'm playing along w the on the drunk Mario party and I'm team Eluse and I'm 5 1/2 shots in
IM KIDDING YOURE NOT AN IDIOT, YOURE AMAZING AND COOL thank you very much
to everyone who said junior year was tough... you right
can everyone including you all shut up hit or miss i guess they never miss huh
I hate being a burden to people
Awe baby be sad
Lonely
From a sunny 72 degrees in Texas to a chilly 37 degrees in Ohio.
LMAOOOO maybe for their time zone the teaser was yesterday, at least I hope maybe hdjsjdjsjdh imagine
ELEVEN KIDS. My only child ass cat relate
I cannot see Rick leave
why lying on me
i just want to cuddle with my child
ty :) remember you gave me the pass and yes rest up
/ 3pm is winning rn and if I'm not on pls don't forget about my man Phoenix yeehaw
i thought i was your fave
I have but you keep turning me down
Maybe you guys can add Chemical Engineering as well? We wanna graduate too
i still dk how to spell your real name
BITCH WTF day6 coming here next month and not seeing them
This tl is useless
she was a local
wish i had somebody to send me nudes of them in lingerie
i just want to travel the world with you
i feel no shame about my relentless sims posting
damn, u gon meme me on Snapchat later, I can just feel it
Damn that season
oh
that was my reaction too
I gotta get rid of one of my dogs
I really want to experience living in London and NYC but graduating soon and I have time to study abroad
Twitter is so toxic for making it seem cool/okay to cancel people left and right,
Got the shopping done. Now I just have to cook it all. Meant to get an earlier start. Where did the day
explaining his kills on fortnite and losing me on half the shit saying
so bored like I really wait until my boyfriend come home
when will my crush like me little bitch
my baby is leaving back to Vegas & now I'm sad
ha, I bet others) is pleased??
You hoes have NO dedication
God please... please
I gave you REAL LOVE, what did you give in return?... Look at the mirror and ask yourself.
Talking to myself gets boring after awhile.
Why I fall back asleep
Damn miss the two of you in Buffalo. So glad to see teams using you the way you need to succeed!
i been saying this
rip taeyong, he last long
I thought this was going to be a rant about the movie Mighty Ducks.
Damn a nigga need vc For the Halloween clothes
Only in my dreams
someone play imessage games with me
nobody show this to my mom I told her I threw it out
this tweet is funny why r paying her dust
rip u
If you knew how many times I've watched TOP's iconic walk here I miss him
I suppose it do be like that sometimes
I rly coulda used it but ykno
how did you know
doing it for him
iS haWt
his hoddie is yellow bc he's the sun
I watched every single second of this stream.
Feels bad man
I actually cried
Wow it?
I just sent a selfie on grinder and got instantly blocked Omfg oomf can relate
just looked back on videos and pics from rolling loud and it enhanced my Sunday scaries even more
i told to give him a trim wtf
I miss you so much
how come only the tata headband is always in stock??? i got it but i really want chimmy or koya too
hi i need help@finding an edit dm me to join the search
Lord Have Mercy There are no words...
HORROR: Remains Of 63 Fetuses Discovered In Second Detroit Funeral
This is a fake acc so apparently not
EVERYTIME I SCROLL ON MY TL I SEE A NEW PIC
te amo
sorry keep my thots to myself
everyone always makes fun of my
But I want him to be on days on contract.
Tbm
I feel like editing a layout Sksksk anyways tell your mans stop being pressedt mwah
Long time i didnt pull 2 OG pen and a Juul at the same time
I been hurt so you the only one that mean something
Quiero ver halloween ALV
sorry, eggs really for me
strangers hype me up more than my own boo
That sad moment when you order a jack and coke and they forget the coke
Sorriso perfeito
i thought i did but then
4 piercings: none and i can't get any
5 meaning being my username:
6 groups i stan:
where is her bad boy era look that was the red crop top and the jeans it was sexy
I miss the og the new one isn't that bad tho
yoongis hands man
going good but scared that somethings gonna mess up this smooth sailing
he still looks so beautiful n perfect
Damn wtf rip nick breed
Everyday
what did i do to intimidate you
I see one every time I look down
This is such a sad world we are becoming.
too early to be emo
let the video/makeup trick you
my chin is fat & my gf hates me
strangers hype me up better than my own boo
in your hands gets worse the more i listen to it
But seriously they are cute babies
Still believe he missed the extra point
My phone stays dry
Why she got a better set up than me though?
he's so adorable, the cutest baby, i'm so sad
ugh you keep getting more problematic
Please stop in a library I laugh how I want
hey guys i have a confession louis punched me in the face one time
give me strength not to reply to this annoying ass guy i know stories' with /r/iamverysmart
I believe tomorrow will be Monday not ready to go get this bread again
kinda chaotic, sorry
I've been drinking and should eat something but the only food I have in my apartment is tequila
the amount of RTs and LIKE for that disgusting tweet
please can you help me
No I know anyone here
sorry she dumped you, Ray...
Hell of a game you had today dude! Real bummer it was still a loss.
FUCK U BOTH OK he has his moments and he was cuter in my dream
Jgh!
sigh can't relate enjoy the high quality music
Quiet down
Sama
are u g i dont have school till thursday n theres samgyup in g*lleria
Women got it so easy....wat if I wanted to transform my dick impossible
I was bullied. Tapos wala ako friends. I don't know if it's me or it's just them.. kasi nun nasa CMP naman ako, ang dami dami ko friends
Wow my whole family noticed how sad I been
ITS CALLED BEING a shy nerd
he even look at yoongi
break my heart an ill break your face just friends but yes mam
who wants to be my friend and teach me about astronomy
i only saw 3/5 of minimuch
they got me
I SCREAMED sorry legend
sorry i went with my mom
Not my boy A for effort though
tmr is going to be a year since i saw day6
i miss you so much why you texted me all day
can someone like....please....get me a video message from mither arreaga
And imma be in school and have to wait 4-5 more hours after it comes out bc be at school
why ion touch the drank or bars they have u looking a zombie
eu amo demais
when trying not to care but sometimes so hard to pretend and do the things that you want to do
THIS VIDEO MADE IT ON DAILY HOOD CLIPS THIS IS SO HUMILIATING
When can i find someone who likes me being clingy
I needed those couple of mins..
he spit on him while he was rapping
where troy bolton at when u need him smh lately my head aint been in the game
they should still be on stage
yall really let me flop like this
Me too
I missed my ex firefighter.
Since almost here
I want some wing stop and a gf
when will enough be enough
I dont need RECOGNITION, just a simple APPRECIATION will do.
I miss tennis soo much
I already stan up10tion
Shelter Seeks Home For Who's Been There For Nearly 4 Years -
sick of being side piece
Joon and jimin have the same jacket
I almost said can't drink on her birthday cause WE are underage then I remembered just me
Imagine having a family ... and a house
varus: delibrately drops his bow
varus: oh no! i dropped my bow
varus: bends over seductively with his
BUT BUT your cheeks look delicious.
I want to live in NYC so bad
This game though. Stop it!
if only i can retweet this thousand times please
I fit the description but you see this
Man if the defense was somewhat good believe in the team but sadly this seasons gonna go down hill
I LOVE YOU
cant believe we rlly getting rm2
literally understand why crazy over siracha when laoganma exists
I really hate missing you
idk what goth thotty outfit to wear to therapy tomorrow
Aw man. I miss the like 100 mini besitos he use to give me sm </3
oh god grown so much hair already rip botak memes
Cierto
Wala pako kasugod cases for Article 12
THIS VIDEO MADE IT ON DAILY HOOD CLIPS THIS IS SO HUMILIATING
Im always late to Twitter drama
Hahahahahaha. I can relate, how my manz vegeta is
Yes my life is nonexistent
I love you oomby
get this bread
Yeah ......
im down whenever yall be stunting
The end of the year can strum up a ton of emotions!
Happy
Sad
Disappointed
Frustrated
As we close
i get bored too quick
sorry old
she shoots one last and blows the top of her finger off
sad yeehaw
It costs so little to give kindness and yet we rarely do.
que hablo mucho de mi novia pero la amo mucho and she's the best.
Oh. so discouraged now.
remember when soonhoon dressed up as each other for halloween? can they please do that again this year
Things are so different
Setting your alarm for Monday mornings is depressing
before someone goes through my old tweets and exposes me, sorry for talking so much shit on fake post malone twitter accounts
you heard it here first
i miss sauga and toronto
For dinner Im going to eat peanut butter cups.
really give hyuck the world if he wanted me to i just wanna protect him and make him happy
ok bro fake bro
Wish you so far away
PARK JIMIN... you're the best friend that I need
listen miss choosingcv allow it if u come to the portland show
Cuz an old man. Wbk
Guess he was trying to pick up a script for crabs...then he literally got run over just now Sunny Isles
Ron Parker former Falcon
I still think about you even tho I
//he's so used he him being mistaken as girl he is fine now
Anxiety and sadness in one photo.
And probably be that way for awhile.. though never been through that, i even get it...
I regret not seeing you on tour
My main goal for this week is to be there for Pegasus after done with my midterms/ homework this week
Sorry
Someone used me as bait in ft13th and I even be big mad because I do the same thing to other people
Queria eu estar no show do roger waters
so tired but i have so much work to do so confused wheN the fuck did i get this busy
okay , I am too you Fr one of my favs
part of me wants to, but i
When I said this, I got ostracized
3. Relationship status- single
Nothing else can be said.
Why is the g note always sad?
so stressed I feel sick to my stomach
Yup pimpo brought a fat ugly ass girl
house of m universe: go commit die
house of m spider-man: ok
a fake account apparently
I am honestly so surprised that, that many audience members thought it was right to execute
listen to them beautiful and they can really fight me. oof i got all soft imma leave
sim
im a lesbian but ... Taehyung is hot. im so brave
Did you forget I have your notifications on
so just eff san jose huh
I wanna smoochie him
I just wanted to watch Halloween and have a good night but things always get in the way of my happiness
Jaemin says he misses u but all you care about is mark you mark Stan
I strained a muscle in my right shoulder and now I have to masturbate overtime with my left hand...
I wish I could draw rn, I need my Fix of my Faves
depressed on main
Your mom needs to chill
ill never forget when i didnt have a nickname so i was called kat or kitkat all summer
Where the fuck is she? I miss her
When will it be my turn?
me is: tired but wanting to play with moldiv's filters
Get that baby outa there
this is fucked up
Yeah this getting bad bad watching Cincinnati Bengals vs Kansas City Chiefs
Is Selena Gomez really in rehab
malaysian armys at midvalley how is the queue at the ticket counter
No im a good fetus
I have one too miss you too!!!!
Ohh! sorry to hear that
Back to the trenches hopefully this time I actually get shot
No not
lowkey me too because my cat doesn't love me back as well
wait how many nyc mutuals or pa, and nj mutuals i got? i want to meet
Kiss my ass sis. not mad, I dmed you for your benefit because trash. be on your way
I found some but he was a
Exhausted
alright im gonna need u to stop right there
/ | \
|
well you caught me, you next time
going PTSD again
Cuando empece con la epi
I'm confused whether he's a man or a fucking child that I want to shower with little kisses
rip Karlie Kloss omg gone too soon
I was just trying to see who else played it so I could plat it with them
Just want to sleep but I have 2 take home tests that need to get done.
Can mono pls drop soon I don't wanna wait until tomorrow
in the middle of nowhere and i have to pee SO BAD omfg lord where r u when i need u
he's got the body to go with the huge dick now plus he's a liberal king UGH need me one like that
why are u so pretty
honestly
Me refiero a todas mis amigas
Getting ready for work tomorrow morning
wow i-
Pls I love you so much
i miss and but new
fav series? i have too many please but spn
saw oomfs do it and wanted to try it
catch me being coroline for halloween
i swear im an edwin girl but for some reason i record brandon a lot
it was all for you
supposed to be gym buddies kayleigh
8. i am anxious all the time all the time
9. my explosive anger
10. i am very patient
Im so sick of hotel breakfast
I want a family this is so sad. Like I just want to be as happy as everyone else.
rip Karlie Kloss omg gone too soon
slope go vote in my poll vote for crash and burn let me down
i was just roasted
I am so sorry nct that u have fans like that
I imagine but it will all be worth it in the end, your love for each other is strong. Hang in there
Why these two just claim each other
I'm kinda disappointed War Stories is so short
I think I'll be picking it up next year
Yessirrr.
Rest In Peace baby girl were such a loving, happy girl and for this to happen to you fair...your
but he apologized
Miscarrying at Work: The Physical Toll of Pregnancy Discrimination via
I wish I never seen mines before I got pregnant shit
If only the Rockets bench could get comin
Have you ever been fucked up down bad on ya luck
Weekends need to slow down.
not ready for my popo to go.
He is die/consolidated by his parent telecom company
Why do lots of accounts have thousands of follower and i dont even have 100
Thats sad Plz Follow Me! Or RT so
Omg night mode is superior
Ok but I know i spent the whole weekend with my bf and he been gone for more than 5hrs but I miss him already
I wish I had my own spot.
I can feel the dissonance.
my lanes are thriving
Steph u almost had it
not
you a year me 2
Very
losing a parent is a different type everything
I just wish I can make everything better
SOMEONES ON MY ACOUNT DONT OPEN THEY SENT THROUGH DM
I feel like one of them. Not sure happened or why. Can only say sorry.
really shutting down man, this shits sad
Shut up, this is armeries culture
tired but here
I don't want to trust that post. It seems really biased. Let's hope for the best shall we.
oomf spitting straight FACTS
Every time I feel like I move one foot forward , I get pushed two steps back
i told a cooking channel i was going to kill them for putting beans in brownies
Watch each one pls The views should be somewhat the same
my baby so handsome wait to have ur kids
are they gonna put down the bass or nah
When your mom tells you to go grocery shopping after you get off of work. just kill me now
i already found it but still
sope nation we are the backbone of this generation we can not fail like this
but Apple is clingy af one wrong click and be stuck downloading a new software like me
a shrek enthusiast hacked into my profile 1 lik = 1 prayer
i, so sorry this is hn. just
this is why we need season 2 but motive fucked us up
this homework is so annoying I just want to start mgs3
shes over
just really sitting about to cry
LOVE
I want but pornhub says local milfs in my version of my gay porn ad Are u do you
calling him poor .. well i wish i was $2million poor
Not celebrating my birthday the night before with my grandma is one of the weirdest yet saddest feelings
can i hug you tightly CAN I PLEASE HUG YOU TIGHTLY
i know there but bet go !
shoulda got some juice on my way home
Missed out on this one hope Denver treated you guys nicely!
annoyed all over again ! we love someone who decides to play the victim cus they scared n they know they shit
my whole heart is yours just take it
why they aint hmu tho
it also means also probably going 2 get sick soon
Imagine being this lucky
I stink like weed and my mom is sitting infront of me & I know she smells me
Cuties
When my body was still limber, sigh
My heart is with their family
you really out here being beautiful and shit,,,,damn
I miss him so much
Real sad depression is R E A L
I miss them both
you know i had to
Their hair is dead but they're still cute
The worst feelings are being on the last bit of food you were eating and now all gone
Why you thug me like that
Hay Monday morning ruined
R.I.P once healthy hair
CUTE
You Are Not Alone - Michael Jackson
For The Past Two Hours
Imiss my old self
YALL REALLY OUT THERE
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend
So
Some lucky ARMYs I must say.
I love you babies
maybe i love louis and only snap for him
almost at 700 wyd
wouldnt the dude get blood on his peen that's disturbing
Yea I had to work sadly
SHFJDKDK PLS YALL NIGGAS CUTE AS HELL
Smh.. never been so disappointed in someone in my life
You both look so beautiful
my ceiling light smashed my head sad that it
Hug your loved ones tight and always ALWAYS tell them you love them every chance you can
these girls already won
i gotta wait tho i ain't tryna be malu 2.0
they are so cute
i just realised when is saw paula reply to u that i only followed u on my private
maybe alex and brainy make me soft
O CABELINHO DO JIMIN MUITO LINDO
Anyways I really wanna meet my mutuals irl at some point
im just gunna cry knowing that doyoung knows i'm nasty
You and Hoseok fighting for the sunshine title I see
That poor frog can never run for Congress now
where's the emoji ?
should of sent invite
desculpa
when will EYE get to be in a jikook selfie
cool and kind of funny i guess
Too bad it be like that irl
IYA GABISA.
Time is that limited, huh?
At such a low point in my head right now
Well some of us (me) have a job with only Tuesday off </3
Please Kings....... Come to Vancouver
i want to paint but no no materials with me
and when nikki smiles and giggles and is just cute yeah i felt that
i just always thought some people were unproblematic but nope
trying my fucking best
jiKOOK HAS ME WELL FED
more expensive this time because his bladder is rlly big this sucks
Watch the soft stan come after you
Had to refill the stapler. nothing has broken me like this
i thought we were gonna pull through with a victory, but truly we were the ones who got tricked
Wow is it over, ate it all?
Please add more days
No way yo really sad like i knew him .. smh
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
diso som hermosos angelitos
A lot going on irl right now
Someday I'll find the one who appreciates me for my beautiful feet ty Tommy
STOP I MISS HIM
Why have people in twitch chat been so mean recently
my feelings of hope and faith have already been crushed
why is layout so clapped. like pls, SNS kings, fix it already I'm t i r e d
can it be next month already i wanna see my cutest girl
max omg even if we barely talk NNXNSNZKA
Wow I believe this! RIP!
always on my mind
...and our soundcheck video is forever buried in his camera roll
ok i forgive you bc you both are cute
it really be like that
and y'all have the audacity to talk shit about her
We already on loving you 24/7 what more do you want from me
They better be coming back next year I miss them
goddamn y'all fr out here w me
cool ig.
why am i not in america
Anthony was a fvcking legend
YOUR BOOTS ARE SEXY
at least let jiminie KNOW- yoongi being stubborn as hell these poor angels
imma have to wait till tomorrow to listen to the ep bc a bitch is broke
Cowboys lost that makes my heart very very sad (3-4)
so many of the girls from tntb don't even have 100 votes this is rlly sad
I would donate but gotta save money for college classes
chisato sings hit or miss i guess they never miss huh got a boyfriend i
I wish everyone respected me
She looks like she has been crying alot. There is sadness in her eyes . But We love Ari
this reminds me of bts
Sa wakas natapos, but I missed my secretariat.
Run & Hide is hitting rn.
thank you fellow minkeynator, jongtaeists are doing our best
i cant even afford a knockoff shooky
missing one of my mommas is gonna be hugs rn
sterling knight is the worst thing that ever happened to me
I still don't want to go home tho joke I miss you ma
be the same without
-@swnkhiro 2018
a message from a true legend
Oh....Jahlesa. I'm so sorry for your loss!
Ummmmm noooooo
I will beat you
Random thought I miss on
RIP Andrew Helmreich God couldn't have received a greater guy. This hurts my heart for friends and fam
Nothing like spending the night at the Hospital with your gf.
Ohhh how I miss you so much EVIL this really not my day! How am I suppose to make it a month without you?
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh got a boyfriend i bet he
thank u now glad i bought them
oh damn i was hoping for some flaming hot queso
ill never relate to this
yea
1. wendy [redacted]
2. march 5
3. happily in one for 6 years
4. none
5. the best warframe in the game tied w/ frost
You still can't photoshop the love and support out of that pic
i'm thinking about how my refrigerator is gonna get mad because you won't let go of me
Teep has changed
maybe im just delusional but i've noticed more and more joon stans on my tl as of lately..... where were yall before
Cats are fickle creatures
answer my question
why would I wake up at 4 in the morning just to get ignored again
relationship status: single
im rly awkward and shy but hi my dms are always open
KAKSKSLSLD I gotta get my clout
I forgot my signature but I like this so im posting it anyway
Leafywashere
5:20 am .. uh .. srry but i think not
Tae's eyes tho.
My Mother and My 16 year old cousin Valerie. I really was okay today until i saw this.
OHHH ART INSTA i thought this just said insta nvm im
Joseph....
We dead long time ago
Me: ma just been so depressed
Mom: since when
Me: since I was born nigga
I really want to volunteer to help disabled individuals. I love the community and want to act more as an ally..but I know how
jikook be getting fed everyday while sope had a selca two years
hello, i wrote something new because i miss yoongi
they really are
I love & miss you sm
If we can beat ichigan we can still make it
seriously pls i want to talk
i just need to be around love right now
actually pretty confident in my old tweets, I was just a nerdy pervert with horribly ratchet spelling and still am
All I got is some msgs now
What a day
really missing everything and everyone
i have a job
BUT i also have to wake up at 7 am tomorrow
my chance to get noticed
the in the picture r probably freaking out rn
At least won
Ya bro the only reason I climb is because they always have the chad jungler can relate
I W A N T T O D I E
underrated tweet
NSJSJ IM CRYING IT GOES SO WELL WITH IT- i love my friend
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh got a boyfriend i bet he
idk yet
at the hospital cause my having really bad hip pain
You said when the time comes know so I guess nows not the time because I still know
I want another Chall
why would you burden your tl with this tweet
Idk which is sad
hes gonna sacrifice himself for rey
now im asking myself, why did i quit piano?
if only i could like something twice
Its crazy how the friends I met within the last six months have appreciated me more than the friends known for 15 years
i wish i could travel as much as you
we yoonmions just want jimin to publicly show his love for yoongi like he does to the others
sorry brittany
wish i was there
just wanna hear your voice
Did kookie really put as a hashtag? Im-
so sad by the way good morning renjun
he built like a chromosome
AAAAAAAA
Lee know please notice me. At least, just once
good night the love of my life plz eat and rest well
try searching on twitter search but other than that idk of any kpop ts websites
Im your niashister
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh got a boyfriend i bet he
understandable
I wish I could reactivate my netflix for like a day
still waiting for the day taekook and yoonmin drop a selca
He sad bc he cant put u in one LMFAO
ever gonna be the Same
Even though my layout is hot pink, I'm still a he. Excuse you.
The day berrywoos And fcukyoongi follow my boring self my life will be complete and peacefully die
You gone let that damn VVS slip thru ya fingers .
oh ight
Well then yea let me put you in my bio
give you that but it should have clicked
and jimin thought he wanted to let go so he grabbed it tightly
Yes sir hello I love you
ur mind is so powerful
- tbh you post my two faves and i love you for that lol! You seem really nice and funny and we should 100% talk some rate- 10/10
I miss Joey a lot.
I have to wait another week to see him. I'm honestly a mess going over our old messages, I
if I flop at least stream solita
Fax
Well you have three more than me
really are sad. People switch up so fast Wow so broken
I cant believe namjoon is gifting me a whole mixtape, he really loves me that much we are going soft hours
real dumb we know this
WHAAAAT I HAVEN'T I'm slackin
Fuck.. I hate nights like this
do skz even answer questions that are sent early or should i not waste my time
yours outsold
My bad
legit over being so far away from you all. When I come home have a movie
You owe $600 in child support please come home the kids and I miss you
/ | \
| /
/ \
/ \
My poor baby
Out of all of the memories we share, there have been a reason we grew apart
Tryna ride those to class
I forgot y'all love toilet water tho
i feel that on a personal level sigh
Nah fr
ive been trying crack it is then
ill trade u
Always there for everyone but when I need someone no one to be found
all addicted
Seeing people complain about being pregnant makes me so upset..
Been trying to watch this movie all day
snapped
He could call me a nigger and I would go pick cotton to make his clothes
This sounds like next door listen just tryna live my bestest life
assim me ofende amor
There really is almost nothing about merman hobi smh Which I can't understand at all bc it's an
I hate being disappointed Getting all excited then all of the sudden, my happiness is taken away.
Feeling guilty is sorry for what you have done. Feeling ashamed is sorry for who you are God didn't create you
i wish i could be around people that would go this hard w me when faneto comes on
still in my heart
A monster is inside of me and honestly idk how to control it
My RTW process could be a warning of 'how NOT to RTW'.
Yes I think it's just hormones
i saw cancer too
The nigga jumped OUT. * ***** ****** ** **** * **** ** ***** Mark I really love you frfr
shut the fuck up
love me pls mwah!!!
Sorry I perfect for you
in loving memory of my best friend she ain't dead but she gonna be dead if she continues looking at n c t stuff
she's fallen on hard times since the bratz movie fell through
well the mutual lasted long enough
Eu show
so skinny lol
(( oof. why do my schedules clash w events. i even be back until 10 hrs later.
togepi evolve challenge shes failing
All I want is to be held and loved and taken care of for one night
HIT OR MISS I GUESS THEY NEVER MISS HUH GOT A BOYFRIEND I BET HE
I miss my mom too much. ...sometimes I feel so lost without her...
Hi bby those lips looking really pretty
Here we fucking go again
serious inquires only
be getting nothing
I'm in public trying not to cry cause I miss it
bts make her read the lyrics to pied piper
I miss my baby , him got stuck at work
Oh no I think buying online is the best way though.
Next time friend
not ready to go back to work.
wow cant believe i JUSt saw this thread
82-0 no longer intact
we livin wrong
Warriors play amazing against us and horrible against the nuggets
Jinki taking pics of all these views .....did he know that he's my entire view
just a lonely Russian bot. Nobody cares what I tink.
those noses are asking for a boop
HIT OR MISS I GUESS THEY NEVER MISS HUH GOT A BOYFRIEND I BET HE
my hairline starting to look a lot like jojo
Missing my girl atm
we miss u
Ol jimbo is making me rethink dyeing my hair blue when will he let me brEATH
Whenever I say brown skin people look at me like lying
ready to watch me cry when i get noticed by skz like always
Had a timeout left decide not to use it
im gonna miss mystery deathmatch
lies when yours exist
I need to hear this...
Please ignore what I just replied with if you saw it already I mixed up posts
It looks like he shaved his beard in the dark
So me and have confirmed im dying soon by the forest
I wanna know his eyeshadow
You really like bucket hut huh
Today was weird man gsw cavs okc smdh terrible sunday
Can someone just please talk to me
0-3
Fuck having a strained back
Im just out of it and im ready to cry for no reason at any given moment
how it be with art
Nothing will change while Mike Brown is alive and owning the Cincinnati Bengals
soft hours i l*ve c*leste and l*cia
if i just randomly slide in dms would like uhh think i was fucking weiRd
actually nervous for my midterm for asl
I even express myself she makes me feel so damn crappy about my own happiness and me being comfortable
WE GET IT
Mas vc eh um amor une
Just wanna be home with my baby girl, missing her sooo much.
Rumor Produce48
-
i learned just the chorus in an hour so its still not clean and my hands are in fists bc
Sadly, it's time. I'm so, so disappointed.
at least we died together
whites are very sensitive
tired and hungry
Agree to disagree
40. American
she probly hates me now
but WHY what abt broke uni students who cant afford apple music
I believe people hunt elephants
It was perfect til you mentioned that
if i would just slide in dms would think i was weird
so good
Somebody help getting hurt
this was so hard , but between balding beom & yellow gyeom , imma have to go with mullet beom
where is this beat tho
I realized it late
We were so close to winning. only by 2 points
I'm working at this hour.
A girl needs to feel loved
Go back 1 more week, 6 tds on Pittsburgh
Hdjdkd no but fr kpop stans dragged them so much for their fake designer
See all my other relationships last long see me and you babe we gon last longer period
Man times were different when Big Sean dropped I Decided
That rolanberry pie is a rolanberry lie
Is there any button to press where i skip all till my commission and graduation ?
Guess it just meant to be
lrt nice i'm going through all of that bc i'm too afraid to interact w/ irls outside of my friends where we might see each other 1x a year
our soundcloud please make us famous
If only I could go back in time
one of my favorite mutuals dead ass unfollowed me and im sobbing so much i loved her
hannah stop fighting her this isnt it
its not dw AJJSS i didnt even know you made one
was putting ketchup on my pizza and it EXPLODED and i sat on it
Just looked everywhere and I have the project file anymore
Anyone have a gun
We really were cheated out of a ddaeng mv
stopped thinking about this ddaeng edit all day
bruh... when the eggs fight back and your booty hole screaming.
I need to have a vacation with FAKKAS
You'd be surprised just YESTERDAY I saw alot of firetruck slander on the tl and people AGREED smh
I want to dress up for halloween but a bitch needs to get invited to a halloween party or something first
I'm actually very hungry
Lmao they really out here ruining blinks and exols friendship
she had to go there sad hours
smdh I hate that even had to occur
just followed some really pretty ppl i hope they fb
it's not very well written so there goes that
a goth horse girl
so, what i got from the this was fuck cay lives
You already know he was the best boyfriend in existence
Imyt
It has reached its peak. I never thought I would ever be living in a world such as this.
always
Where for art thou romeo?
Never how art thou romeo
omg doja and now him ?? so sorry
I hate life so why does life hate me
/ | \
|
jikookers truly never lose huh yall won yall getting that bread everyday
If its up to hoseok never
Y'all please send me money Dean's coming and I'm BROKE
I need to go for a vacation with FAKKAS
yess you do seem like a sub but i mean none of us really know wink wonk right oof a switch but
we out here
like brady pls choose if u wanna be good or bad u cant do both hes lowkey confusing me
SIHAM, YOU'RE SO MF BEAUTIFUL y'all my heart she acc just came for me with her beauty m'A
i miss seokjin
Same every night
Could of been rich , nigga decided too miss me w his car
Yo no se
johnadan really be one of the worst pals ever had
Why does Chick-Fil-A always sound good on Sunday but yet they are never open
For those rough nights you need to bust out the crown..
My dear God. in debate. I feel for you buddy
if this shit flops blaming it on mark lee
I just want this semester to be over
nct include android users challenge: failed
sadly
Yo si note tu ausencia
I'm so happy, my two fav boys
Hurts seem my country like that
LOOK AT HIMS LITTLE PLUSHIE CHARMANDER BRACELET. I'M BIG SAD.
Oh.
But but, this jimin WAS with this jungkook
i'm sorry .. u can revoke my nctzen card until i do
can't go without a typo
the truth
follow me
not anon but I seen it
its embarrassing bcs i feel like its so one sided and im the only one catching feelings shsjsgsjshsv
Weekends Over Already, And Hes Back To Work In The Morning I Legit Am Sad Af
Wish I knew how to drive
this acc followed me a few minutes ago and she just tweeted guys doing an unf spree like this to keep mutuals huh what
We have the right, you know...
this wouldve been happening to me rn if i wasnt so fcking Shy
so it is
Why is the universe like this i've never found my twin
Damn for a sec I forgot I had to go back to work tomorrow
thank god,, have u dying on me
It's close to Nov 15th
remember the old teep? Whatever happened to that guy
I wanna be with my man 25/7 He makes everything going on in my life go away.
This is so sad
thought u was my homie
Man, been trying to sell feet pics for the longest
at least tommy aint shoot him like in the book
flattered
so sad, I work and go to school on Halloween
i-i thought you were straight
I know right. A person who deal w/anxiety came up@with this.
Omg horrible. No one deserves this
Omg Nicki, this is so sad. If you can help them, please help
the poor girl thought u guys were being serious
i wish you lived A LOT closer
donkey would never smh
We fancy man
unappreciated
18. summer
19. 15-35 minutes
20. i wanna go to greece
21. none :/
22. brown
I just want a friend to go get bubble tea with and watch a Star is born
Aff
All the cement. We tried.
this is my fault
I wish you were here love. Haaaist!
drunk me has to stop giving my number out...someone just texted me lil
Bout to die of starvation my friends playin
I miss Houston
I know bby
I cant hang steal my right to vote
I have the plush cute
i am so disappointed jentoes you could've used cherry bomb
i wish this was like tumblr so i could queue tweets to post for the skz q&a
Yes
chief called
I know I feel this way but this weekend really made me sad
sorry- even when you kinda expect it, still so hard.
It really do be like this
I still know what I wanna be
yoongi with all three yoongi
I miss my woes
I really miss my friends
i need to go to bed i have school tomorrow
I just wanted to do hood rat things to start my birth week off!!!
holy shit look at his LONG legs, his ankles, his sexy face, i wanna hit in that face
My kitten cant use its rear legs very well and uses her two front paws to walk around. Need to take her to the vet for b complex pills.
Yes, yes it is
damn all i wanted you to do was post a video of you trying to dance.
Ok best
why do you have to be so mean
im tired of jikook breathing 24/7
not this time
Literally same.
missing freddie mercury hours
hoping for the best but expecting the worst
Being a Trach mom is so hard I wish there was more I could do to keep my girl healthy. I help but cry I hate this all
Queria agora
i want you to wish me a happy birthday
my mood every time trying to find their premium stories Only Ray was on YouTube
Just another day of being constantly objectified.
I done the same ughh
I wouohir her
so new at this
Counting down the days I can finally lay in arms. I miss my man so much
nctzens yall.. cant believe nct 127 had the audacity to rip off baby shark r&b's beat.. expected better
so sorry
I still feel sad for you Sam one of my best traits
Drop your location cause doing the most for the TL
teema is gonna kill me if i keep retweeting those for good tweets
a hard life for us all
I had to do what was right
I'm a sunflower good night
To triste
*sigh* when will they marry.
The Sophie aint good tho
all that person
I honestly would love to go back to college. so hard to get this 1k paid off with other things being a bigger priority
I really hope not getting sick
Anxiety just kicked in
They dont understand man
Band of Horses - Infinite Arms
This is gonna be like at 3 am
I'm so sorry sweetie, I'm so sorry that frog would do sth like that I'll keep waiting for you
Someone follow me 1666
y'all
Damn was she drunk?
I feel the same way dude
better i just have two haley mutuals and you were confusing me
Why does anything make sense lately
want some gunnar videos
Uh!
Iqra kyunki I don't know who is Sajal
Uwi na dito!
oof i need motivation aswell getting bigger
your mind >>>
all these other generic shippers be missing out
I want to go shopping so bad but I know we are about to drop another 4k so I should really wait.
blocked by all but khan smh
AAAAA ILY
i'm sober now. So where she at?
best
Not looking forward to Monday
send if u find it
TODO ANDA MAL.
But this is Twitter and public, not intimate
we really gotta depend off somebody else's screen recording
you should change your pfp yikes worry, i was planning to only keep it as my face for a day
i love the way my voice sounds when sick smh
miss you more my STOOPID
i have such a good heart , I hate that about myself.
Kash been begging me to go to the fair but I just did not want to go walk around, now sad they went without me
I miss
We miss you down here man I wish you was still here with us love you Mello
okay im going to start dming now
Thank you ateeee
why?
Hermana America
I started Dalton over Brady today.
I wish i could write an au, i always wanted to do that but i fail everytime
I miss my family too! It sucks always being alone.
I was about to like this until they said that there's a terrible song on Reputation. That's where they went wrong
That is how all these FUTA fools will be failing with pride.
Saudi Arabia is full of !! Who believes any of this? Jared and his daddy in law?
I miss you bro
so much going on that I just even speak on
Is this supposed to make me baper?
Need the hq of that crack magz photoshoot
he really out here
So sorry for your loss...
My heart hurts
1. Kaia
2. 8-21-04
3. tAken
4. i dont haVe anyy
5. lyric from Happiness (by The Longshot)
Unknowingly it was the last time we met. And I still miss that person
jikookers are always full
y'all im bored comment thy number
Played him over Sanu.
Poxa
ok, bet.
i still have to unfollow all of the shadowhunters mutuals but if the new hp mutuals are soft and nice
omg, this is really sad...
Lol, I usually lay diagonal so no... But I also don't share my bed
i hope not a 50 year old man
it's all starting to make sense
I'm still trying to stop isolating myself
Shit fcked me up to point of almost offing myself. I
this is sad it says you don't follow me
This is is Chief
Niggas really on this app blatantly shooting they shot on the TL for everyone to see em curved
it shows nothing
put it on me the best part baby the trust trust me i got nothing for u other than love
we do have.....a certain reputation unfortunately
Swear I say this everyday
Sad to hear another young life lost it happens too often and it breaks my heart .. shits crazy your soul R.I.P
look at me im morgue. i miss my long hair cheese quesadilla
Just a very very bad day
hopefully not
but i do feel like my godmother will murder me
Did he go to Jail ? That's all I want to know. Coward
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
Even that socks.
Man people ruin moments quick bruh dang tired of it
I'm so sorry for your loss. May he rest in peace.
hi new acc who wants to be khh and mutuals
ok the cutest thing ever is that my boyfriend memorized part in not today and gets rly excited for it when we listen to it
didnt namjoon talks about how he dislike people who criticize or mock others kinda sucks having fans who does
Starting to feel something different that is not right
I go through so much shit and nobody to talk to about it. So I keep it all bottled up
I feel exposed now
|| Thank you!! been wondering if a good roleplayer or not tbh. Lowkey scared if i ruin her image.
I wished I didn't wake up that early. I had great time talking with mama in my dreams
This is it Chief
been ill for over a week now
Voy a a Martha
she said i emo enough for her
She needs to go to bed
rip to the middle school days of eating endless bags of chips and playing video games at 3am
b-but you're already a gift
please
I- listen Mulan is a great movie but those two are just amazing
my family decided to watch ant man and the wasp but i just wana play games n finish bsd
ALS;KDFJDLSASDFADSF I WISH MY SISTER THOUGHT VENOM WAS CUTE THEN WE COULD BOTH TALK ABOUT HIM
actually tired of cutting people off
Honestly no
never informing me of anything.
sad truth smh i can never play my violin bc i like my nails long
seeing shawn live in 235 days
I LOVE YOU KELVIN!!! We all made mistakes as children. Sorry so many people gave you a hard time about it
Hate being a strength and weakness
l just feel like God gave me a test and l failed
nazariobae: hellomst: I honestly even know I have so many this makes me...
Me quitting coffee lasted half a day
A whole HALF DAY
So stupid say anything and still get a bad vibe
my yoonmin heart is soaring
Yeehaw
I said my lanes are michael and brady OKAY
Sad bc back in LA and I just dropped off my mom at the station I had sooo much fun in Vegas this weekend with my family
i know.. takes a lot to make a clown laugh
take it back then
really out here feeling so lost and sad without my other half
They NEVER ask haw Yee
when it comes to love, why I become so weak?
That video is literally heart breaking. people going through so much
sad
I need yo watch this, when will adulthood give me some time
Thank you very much. What an awful day...
You had the opportunity to say good korea and you take it
one day you guys will see the light as well
i wish i could say jikook took a pic with me
Where did my self-discipline go?
He was so great
No me carga la foto participo igual?es tu twitt
I thought I could do it.
alarm for 4 am
i miss home miss my friends miss my dog dont feel comfortable but its for the best
Where was i ?
No but yes but no always getting my heart broken. You know
Do you want to talk to him
Thank you for making me cry god bless his soul
no problem ;) you needed it
I have 2 papers due tomorrow but I wish u could focus only on that
u r asleep.... its time 2 wake up !!
Done with social media for the night, putting my phone on airplane and crying myself to sleep
For some reason I do readings well on people I know like too biased bc I know you. What do you wanna know?
She refuses
I liked a video Domo is about to be HURT even MORE by Crissy -Domo and Crissy Drama
ikr they are so fucking loud
Both my Giants and Bengals suck during prime time. Smh. even score against this wackass KC defense
uggjhcjch thafs like my favorite magazine shoot of his tho i mean i get 2 magazines for $30
mini brandon
rip babylonbbassist
poor Justin
They always say beard never personality
i even know what that is
Rip I remember when it all happened I miss you and I wish you were here for bo4 I love you man
kayla ur right what she hate
This hits home, literally
omg walid tricked us all with those cupcakes he showed us whatever we are strong independent women
B4 October is over I rlly want to paint pumpkins
I bought a ticket to Texas already
Narcissism tends to be like that
esse cabelo do jimin muito lindo
I miss you so much brother
i miss being part of stan twitter so much bc i used to be in groupchats n stuff and i had a lot more internet
I'm more than halfway through college but I still feel like I have a long way to go. I just wanna be done already
23. my what
24. uh none lmao, i wish
25. omg my as i call my ults: Jeup, Jeno, Jihoon, Junhee (i have a
i deserve this......what happened to respecting your elders
Last night in New Hampshire
been real... real cold haha. But very beautiful!
Back to Massachusetts tomorrow though
carly rae jepson in my head telling me about her boy problems
dm you homie
this is cute but still wondering where the vid is for fw soundcheck 9/16
If only
I missed Stray kids doing Q & A's so much but i wish they'd reply to me tho
THEY REALLY DID
im going to be at work when mono drops and prob wont be able to listen right away
CUTIES
Dang man all these dudes got something on sweetest day staying positive..
Yes indeed ,speaks volumes very
The whole sentence
I kno
Can't even finish my 20gb
Got my hopes up for nothing
I hope this flop
Me too
Bought a 6 month gym membership and I find the energy or motivation to go
I bet this is favorite song but I make fun of him this time cause mine too
I'm trying
Been loving every bit of you even though you been 100% here lately
Now I can sleep
I played my heart and soul out this splatfest and we lost but it's okay because I had so much fucking fun this
I'll try thanks!
I wish my family would all get along and we could have get togethers like the old days
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he
rip cousin
my dad said ever since i started school my mom has stopped talking about a house
my dawg jhad??
Holidays are going to be so weird without my cousin I could always count on him to greet me with a big smile
curse me for being a working class citizen. should have stayed longer in uni and never graduate.
how old do i look
75 lakh rupees, a horse, twelve goats, and three cashmere shawls
Everyday
sorry i thought the vinca was so obvious but ig not lol i finally deleted the other acct and remade
we love a diligent and motivated student
same. I get over it. We were the same age. Dealt with demons but was beaten the shit
sadly guilty by association
wish i can be online when is released but i think i won't pls hype my man Namjoonie while i'm away
real madrid really be breaking my heart
I'm with ya sis
that bitch knows right that gonna get bald but he doesnt care flfkfk
my dad knows Thai why he have taught me Thai too so I can understand their Thai promotions
bmth - can you feel my heart
lost the ability to wr*te a proper ess*y i even know how to start it
How many siblings do you have? Only child
Aw thanks tae! I just hope my crush likes me back
tell nick to stop flexing on our regular non-celebrity asses
i saw it already thank u tho queen!!!
I go to gym this am. Will see in the afternoon
cracking at these rats photoshopping their lightstiks and think you did something
/
you know depressed when I listen to The Weeknd and stinky Post Malone
Obrigado por lembrar
why you live closer to me
complete the mutual uknee
howst the hell do i make drafts on twitter mobile since my laptop clearly refuses to work for me
First the fruit abuse and now this?
Waiting on
Like shitt drop it already its 5 in de morning here
Not deleting a show off my DVR after I watch it
Fuck. Hate it for him.
sorry for your loss . Praying for you and your family !!!
Chill on me these shrines gettin hard
Kyoani once again depriving us of nipples
wish i had some hips
shes back
JDJDJSKSKD sorry my queen, but you know that i love you, right?
but what about entertainment for us who have been in relationships so long we completely skipped the dating app era?
am i allowed to change my layout to emma again i like this
I want you and only you
lets go namjoon stans
They really tried to bash my king
Please play
Thats appalling. No human should behave like that. Especially not a sub.
I'm very very sorry
Dang man
this brings back so many memories from like freshman year
you were taken from us way too soon. i miss you so much, my angel.
Thanksgiving is cancelled
guys i guess clair de la lune belongs to bts now how dare nasa use it
Same sis
Annnnd just like that the weekend is over
when everyone lied to me saying they were gonna peep
and i see nobody posting panels..
i see how it is
never had nobody to really open up to
b-but we're tweeting each other right now arent we
'It is easy to fool our brain, but not our hearts'~
Tears like this are definitely came from Tin's heart..
But not you or funny
I wore lipstick to work and my manager ask me if I had a dick appt later or sum..... I fucking wish
I will never forget how bad jades farts are
Eeek jet lag needs to get the fuck away fae me !!!! Wide awake
times like this I feel like the world is so heavy on me. My life matters.
louis is Everything to me
I bet hoseok gives the best hugs
so much back pain, and lower abdomen pressure.
LMFAOOOOO damn ntm on me bro
What do I need doc? NyQuil
bh hates texas so much moving to nyc so actually care about our show
QUE LINDO QUE SUBAN UNA FOTO TUYA A LAS 00:00HS Y TE DIGAN TODO LO QUE SIENTEN
ES COMO UN ABRAZO AL ALMA
PERO ME PASA
aint even that good
As a taegist I should be used to disappointment by now
shit bts tickets so mahal
four years wow really been that long already
I called her that and she answer so no
Too relatable
i have 0 because i lost it
my best friend left and idk how to cope
my cough so bad and i have insurance so i gotta buy lean off the streets
I still cant believe it really happened
I even know how i have any water left in my system i had so much hope that you getting better.
ent conversa cmg po
they need to turn the heat on asap
i wanna do a thread of my fav movies
In just one year?! Wow
I moved my bed to a different side of the room and......Oh started Keto!
Lasted two days
Hays
i been waiting since birth they really won't feed us
darn i forgot my glasses no 20/20 vision today
has anyone else NOT gotten their stickers?
gonna say he only throws one tomorrow night. But he will also fumble.... and it will get returned for a TD
Damn I'm an android user Thanks tho I v much appreciate it!
i just realized this sounds like im saying the rest of his songs aren't bops but they are
been so stressed the last few weeks that starting to break out on my cheeks and lose hair I need a break
It seems like i am not the only one who is down at this moment. Believe in yourself lang guys.
Just ate apple skin AND nut
this has gone too far..
Sembreak = Acads
sorry for being gone all day i saw that selfie cheol posted and needed to take a break from all social media
Just found out my violin teacher passed away, sick...no wonder today was off RIP MR. LATTA
One in how many have said this
Big time
Yo a vos bebe
She was telling us all along
7. the new winnie the pooh one cause it got me in my feels
Does this empty feeling ever go away?? Even though it hasn't been that long since he posted
I think my jaw hurts more now than it did when I first got my wisdom teeth removed a week ago.
nghhngng your position was switched
imagine having a voice this beautiful and s*xy
relate
the family jewels outsold
damn it
i dont like this one as much it was hard
this exclusion tho ig i can be priestess fool bc im nb lmfaooooo priestess fool of the air
honestly so heartbroken that where living allow pets.. I miss my baby boy so much
Low key sad this the area of Texas I call home
gonna be that guy....photoshopped.
I know you do .. you have to say it all the time.
Condolence sweet
Soon I thought everything was going good
he sucks ASS at games but he mind cuz when the members win they get really happy
I miss black haired Bangtan but I'm also living for blue haired Jimin.
We live in a society.... I want both at the same time
Im so tired of cleaning my room
The saints sending nudes?
i bought it but listen to cherry bomb eng ver ASAP
Very often
just want some chicken alfredo pasta rn
someone PLEASE send help
I know I just got another tattoo but ready for another one
it is but he likes it so I have to turn a blind eye
why are you still here? leave twt Why are you still here? Leave earth
Finishing up season 2 of Making a Murderer and I just feel sick wrongful convictions are so heartbreaking. Just
I feel like driving home now. If only I had my laptop, I would spend the night and telework tomorrow.
I'm a sad ass bitch with no friends
u really bumping the remix........... that it chief
Oh so sorry. xo I can only imagine how difficult a time this is...
voting blue all the way through!
charls..
starting to draw can follow me at and support an untalented bitch
Stay from around if you with me fr when I told you love I really meant that fr
miss u
I want a couple other ear piercings but such a pussy my mom said do them for me but even she said I was such a pussy
just sent my first commission
I truly just understand why bad things have to happen to good people
Tomorrow is the hardest day of 2018, for us. Please keep my family in your thoughts and prayers.
The four of
Stop dming me expensive ass shit, i work off 8.25hr
I do too bb
Why my brain switch off
can my mutuals dm me I wanna see how many people can dm me in a mintue
para thalita eu to em prantos
even know how that man impacted my music FUCK!!!! I never got to say goodbye
bro i hate how i wore that sort of bright red sweater for us not be spotted in pics
Aside from bts I really really love my soulmate like shes such an amazing person and I kind of regret not talking to her earlier
this fandom getting wild
I asking to get bullied man
Yessss he tried I said okay I mention anything he cute
damn but yet k+j seemed to only bust views again after doing a video reacting to bts
myself
Today marks 1 year You have to know the story, to understand my praise
Can I go to hell yet?
I might like and unlike this tweet just so I can like it again... bring back Willy
what did u lose baby boy
when's the wedding
The outro to New Slaves is amazing. Back when Kanye made sense
damn is it too late for me to join
made so many memories and made a name for myself i know how gonna do it
unfollow me okay
hey! remember how we watched that70s show together in my car.... i miss it all* i miss it all 2 much
Rip Lexisatae...you will be remembered
Namjoon ready to eat the music industry
I hope everyone is ready for this buffet coming ahead
I miss my girl already she brightens up my day lil cutie
beto contacts me more than my own mother
the type to quit before I even start
i just thought they were talented old men before you now they're still talented old men but i also like them
i want to go weeb at nebkon but i also have bills to pay. rough
Really just blew me fr
My mom: Your Handsome son...
Me:... (Deep inside) i know im not...
Also since it's October and near Halloween we also did the haunted house and now I'm a new person i though I
since that performance day
ikr like its hard to convey emotions over text so like if i use or im joking and the
5. my parents call each other luvsy and i wanna call jungkook that too
thank you for helping a gay out
all she does is breathe so sad
Amiguinho *
Corretor de merda
Just drop it on Spotify
had it but failed
You know what?! You right
I lost my favourite necklace after 8 years and it's honestly the most heartbroken I've ever felt
gays...
I get a text
Sadly
IM LOSING MY SHIT RN I only know about this bc of a fansign post but idk his name or how he looks like
hurt that you accepted my application
my mutuals are tired of me
why did the rock turn into a diamond? he was under a lot of pressure stop this
whoever just drove down my street blasting Funkytown, its stuck in my head now
so jealous been a year since i met him i miss him sm glad u got to see him!!!
We never hung out
I'm so emotional lately
Only a matter of time I see this with you know who pero look better with him dude!!
a divorced dad , but thats why im here
so sorry for your loss.. lets blue wave this election for him!
They only care about the, players are but a commodity
i feel annoying
i really think i can v
we were in this together
Gave you a second chance.
It will ALWAYS be !
Yuup, that ship has sailed
someone help me with my programming
I listened to Maya Angelou
really debating if this should be my pinned or not since this goes w the mono theme
he would appreciate that n lean his head on u
I hate being alone because all I think is about my body. No one understands
Not everyone wants to love, Love.
He mind losing because happy when the others win
Lol no... spewin. oh well
my draft is full of questions for the Q&A but watch me not get a reply from them
Just another year with no pumpkin patch
I wanted to call Jamie so bad today
never understood why camila never gave her first solo album the recognition it deserved sad yeehaw
also i need a bio
if my dick is up, why am i down?
Reading this thread I am Indigenous My sister has a daughter (Ariana) & son (Jahki) from a
Dont tell nobody but i think im developing feelings for umji
leave brother nature alone
this is it....... goodbye, twitter.............
they switched up some places here...........bts being my children is probably the only valid one
Yoongi is me when I rant to my friend about how far she is from me
Un Que No Puedo Controlar
Okay, now I'm being sad.
can someone leak everything that ot9 has recorded please
Wooow muito triste mesmo
What you know bout pain?
you follow me so i cant slide into your dm's
I miss you too..
it be like that but it have to be like that.
h-h-how could u s-s-say something like th-th-that
VAN IS THE BEST DESIGNED BT21 CHARACTER, and Joon made it for us, y'all just mean and I can't afford it
I still believe gone Rest In Peace Michael
if giving minjoon a chance then give jikook one they got the cutest relationship
This Heart of mine cannot afford another L
i was ready for woop woop woop woop firetruck but yall hit me w the
thank you queen
And a piece of me who leaves when gone
I really just need a mental break man.. so exhausted
So if you you would
oh i cant find it. would u mind linking it to me?
Yeah okay now I feel some type of way
when tay k said was really hard I felt that
Please come back
me too.. but we can only dream
please ..... LEMME TALK TO U
ily
hard
Oh no
what i aim for uwu
hopefully some day get to write it
im sorry i love you
i let go of the bucket hat..... maybe after I get paid this week, I'll come back for it sis costs like $50
i hate that i have the brains to build stuff but i have the biceps
I want you to stay never go away from me
fake woke 12 yr olds are back on my timeline
sorry I don't know I tried looking it up but failed
Heechul beeing so nice after what she did I think I need to reflect myself Im not a good person I dont deserve heechul
white shirts really are the cutest i need more even though i have like 30
I have no food.
ur funny and... rude i'm glad we're talking more honestly that gc was a good idea
ok mo
sorry
Never lol
you wish
been able to sleep recently and have had a headache everyday for the past 2 weeks, u could say not doing well
I apologized in advance for upping my units. Sorry
a man with taste indeed. said what his favourite track from mono is so i could claim it as my fav
I miss my little baby
i need to be taken care of. This just got super bad within like 10 minutes.
I wasn't in the best of moods today either bro, I feel ya...
uGh why
THIS IS MY NEW ACC
watch people attack me on kristens cc for being too annoying
They never stop making things better, amiright?
He has a lil cold. He has a bad cough tho.
WAIT 4. I seen one boy in like 2 weeks though
I really hate missing people.
Desculpa, so percebi agora
the dino i-
Selling everything I need to help my dude fly to his dad
not even funny to me rl crying
Lol not funny
there i said it i hope now i can stop having dreams about this
me at the end of WEIGHT
i wang,, matching icons,, but no one to match with
I was gunna go creep on my bfs Facebook page and like some posts from 2011 but then I realized I already did.
You guys think we're getting a Halloween version of a dance practice this year?
Freaky should have gone number 1 on the charts but people fear powerful woc
Affff, quero muito
Apparently, it was Taeil and not Yuta
Wow, holiday blues have hit me HARD, and jet lag
Sorry
stop this breakfast slander
u even hang out w me
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh u got a boyfriend i bet he doesnt kiss ya h
Feels lonely
sis stob it
im glad we got the gc back 2gether , ts slaps
West Coast just delisted the player I captained most this season in Super Coach.
Stop spamming if is not an updated article about
that dont give me the right person
i honestly am.
I have none that is interesting
Just want a kiss goodnight
i love joanna my heart aches
i hate my big ass shoulders
nat thought the mangekyo sharingan was
someone be a minion with me for halloween
I said it was over for you hoes earlier when in reality it wasn't
I knew someone would reply with I just know it would be you Chloe
it's fine skdjdksks hmu when u change ur mind
Ida was really tryna get me to trim my hair
stan roberto still learning names
First of all laying next to me he almost saw this! And second of all Bella gave me puppy fever
7th sense fell off the chart, you will be missed
Even if I wanted to eat a lot of food, I Since my tummy became more sensitive.
TL has been good for the past 2 days. Sad to see you again
Its ok but yes pls
sometimes talaga idk where all my effort goes to parang im not getting anywhere in life naman welp
Guess so man
I guess old habits don't die but ships do
first he balds and now he falls out of his rocking chair someone get him life alert
This really hurts I want to be happy cause of Monsta comeback But this really hurrs Get well soon Baby
And I barely just got back from leave
is that bad
my cervix is about to implode at the thought of the both of them
I'm trying to eat this apple like a normal person which then makes it obvious how high I am
lets do this b, i already had my shot of caffeine to keep me up tonight
I asked for the same now 235
wdym no cute you tweeted about how cute cute but not allowed to tweet about him
i told her to name her youtube channel that but she listen
My phone is real life dying right now. . And the chargers on the floor. . Right next to my bed. .That currently laying on. . Sigh
I wait until all of this is over so I can just be with my baby.
really so sad for Trinidad praying with all my heart
Dang me next time
>stopped being attention-worthy last August
Like can u not just post them...?
still trying to reach this again on a tweet
I told myself not to do it but here I am
oh rip us
not little anymore
Changbin i love u ahre
Coldplay - Gravity (Video HD)
No prob my man
So far this show got me fucked up fuck you Netflix
We thought
Forever and a day tea
Why the weekend got to fly by so quick though?
I for real know why my pops left, a fantastic young man, why he want me man
Beau ever catch a break
im sorry
Exacto
a good video to bad u ignored my comment
Nothing is the same
Itsssss soooooooo trueeeee
false alarm burn the stage coming to netflix
shut upppp so fucking pretty i wanna hold his hand
I believe paul never bren and I
pft, as if. i'm not crush material anyways. anons don't even show up to reveal themselves in the end....
i'm so fucking soft for them can this two breathe i need my happy pills
What about tobago
What's wrong
no wonder ive been under so much stress
No probably be number one for you
Normani rn
My kids asked me what a floppy disk was lmao. I said it was like the little memory chip inside a cell phone. A sim card... I felt old af
I'm on a low-carb diet unfortunately
Night
fit + black vans & a belt hopefully not too basic
i really want ashton to follow me
sempre soube
Actually, I think gonna go to
Time to enter into the red hell that I should avoid
ending left me overwhelmingly sad.
Haha probably. We didn't listen, we just didn't listen lol
Higuain planga plongo semalem
Cried bout this game
god know i would be too powerful if i had a cute nose. it had to be this way
Same how am I even supposed to sleep excited and anxious at the same time. You would think that be ready by now
please get rest well
me lo han dicho mucho
so tired of being sick
i forgot mono is dropping tomorrow, ill prolly be back in 24 hours
why does homeboy have to have cute legs too
I can't believe I wasted my time reading her tweet.
Sis is hurt
I'm not getting Smash Ultimate or a Nintendo Switch until Christmas
Can I get some F's in chat please
You thirsty for mark and Stan Gfriend omg we have a lot in common
UGHH UR SO CUTE . I could never
I was genuinely so excited ab the baby....so many ppl were affected
I guess fedex is not a safe place after all
When an A- is the new C
This wasn't the type of excitement my pants asked for
or maybe the next
rt to be in jacks fattoes
-TAKE A JOKE
discuss the gc name after its made
-stan jack avery
-be a fat toe
-be nice
pher name r handle same same hojeayga
Stop before she claims she blasian
And also I did show you MONSTA X
we were dumb 13 year olds
I feel the vibe & changing , look in your eyes its to dangerous....
Thank you m ! I'm still a little sick but at thattime, it was much worse
oomf is posting shrek porn and all over my tl
Wish would bring back soaring 50's back
my release date
The bed is without you
because of I want to be massaged every day now
I hate the way it even reach 5 mins
i wish my school offered korean
jimin had the audacity to call jungoo ggugi, if that the cutest thing
SIDE NOTE..... CAN U BELIEVE IM DATING A CAPRICORN
i hope be okay
Ily Eli I really hope I can see you again soon
Welp someone like my joke
i miss oomf um
Someone come take my phone away I should be studying rn
needed this I love his laugh
i thought i would look cute but nvm
share them all please
You deserve someone better. And that someone is not me
I Miss you everyday Baby. I hope you know that.
bina trying to learn korean but SO hard sometimes i feel like giving up bc i really suck at it
I could be with you
god knows i would be too powerful if i had a cute nose. it had to be this way
The things i do for love
Damn my bro Manny would tweak if he knew who I just recorded
my reaction exactly
Totally forgot about the Cavs home opener smh.. I wanna blame it on football lol but at the end of the day I jus feel like I care
Ayo wtf
Smh gaby
really going to be in school when mono drops gotta throw my whole life away now
sad that u and tia unfollowed each other on insta bcoz of so much hate receiving
I needed that phone call
my man is mad disappointed
Hi, dad
I love you so much
Kansas City just taking the pussy
Me too!!!! But I'm sad because I have spotify, not apple music
i want this
skdhsjdjs that's the thing i never know what to dm ppl to start conversations but ok i'll try sometime cuz u cool
Every time I narrow it down it jumps back up to three.
ever be soo spoiled by ur bf n feel bad?
black haired OT7 again, please.
Need a new cartridge im tryna smoke rn
rip android users help us out fam
I know that feel bro
it be like that well if u ever hve minjoonkook hcs pls i am alwys here to listen and cry abt soft boyfriends 1,2&3
i knOWW!!! Now they just need a fucking perfume!! They have a lotion too! I got mine at Winco!! Last one
ill miss you too much
Shitty weekend for Ohio Football teams.
I wanna make puppy chow so bad
im at Six Flags right now lol again..... and medusa is down
I finally realized I'm a square
Yeah. I was expecting them to make it a part of the playlists
Ready to settle down but no one wants to act right
You know sadder
thanks unnie
honestly very sad I get to go to freaky deaky.. I was so excited
Hays
why so lucky
Sege yot
Ay last naman diay nato
Man, I really really really like this gal
I need to get me some Roshes
4 seconds
soapies were found dead in a ditch
i have you guys are just mean
RT looking to MARRY.
Waiting for Malaia to walk through the door I miss her little self.
This tweet age well
I.... was just stating an universal fact everyone knows true... Dad is hot
I need a shoulder to cry on
3 am?! there's no way ill be up for this
I just miss him
Apparently not so great since we send memes to each other
Irritated , annoyed , in my feelings & hungry
I know my not giving it a rest
gonna be another long week of work...
im tempted to buy tab's sg just for the keyring and socks
right
worry she come back to life
Just want to be left alone
started a new acc lets be khh & krnb mutuals
Some people really built like this
Alright, about to get real spooky with all these exams this week
gonna be in school when mono drops
trying so hard not to mention that they played song 2 to my dad...... cant handle him not caring............
we goinggrammar failure
:( who gon be my Harley
bc everyone knows remi
I'm sorry I hope you feel better, I e been praying for you
So many people applied while I was asleep and give me a chance to follow back
I was downstairs when trauma got paged, then I saw the news
i jst realized i forgot to take my meds the whole time i was at the beach... that might be why im in pain rn
been a late night drive venting kind of week. Wish I still had Carli Ann for that, she always knew what to say.
MY HEART complete the mutual
chill
You guys are awesome! Can you guys be my first followers? I don't have any friends
Idk progressive about it haha but that 1% even that much tbh. As always, wish I could do more..
jimin or jooheon, listen i dont like this game anymore :) , making me choose between my ults ,
tomorrow is the birthday of the love of my life
I haven't been threatened with reporting for "bot activity" in at least a week. I've lost my Twitter swagger.
I'm ma be taking an exam when mono drops
mood.
I would rather be an angel right now
my ex back
well its over
oh
in a big mood for boba
trying
goodnight i hope my mutuals like my tweets
!....
JSJSJS i was too grown for my age stan twt ruined my ass
This made me sad
And to think there's people who shoot them for sport.
so sorry
BT21 stores closing on halloween? And I gone! This is beanerphobic
Two more nights before my exam, I feel like running away!
Those army are taking a picture with my parents
How lucky they're
Got sick of me i guess
HGIEORHGISJGG it's usually hit or miss sadly i got them from the mens clearance section HGORIGOIEGHDSG
But it feels like forever when your car flips over
My dog is hugging me while she sleeps but in such an uncomfortable position send help!
yellowish and reddish smol babies
pedro is sitting right across from me & really not paying any attention to me
a girl used to pay me to be her friend and i accepted her money and then ditched her
oof I sure hope so!
show me what you got
his smile please i'm so sad now
My heart this is the first time in over a year and a half that really thought about my feelings and damn.. just damn.
kpop stans are a disease
I didnt even see this hfkfjfdj I love u crust
Day moders really live a sad life
nct 127 really said fuck kim and boxbox lives
I lied I just saw a capital and period and got too excited
Atleast u acknowledge that you are a minion
Betul ye.. I xtipu. Last D was almost a month ago
arctic monkeys caralho
KESTAPASANDO
and then people come through so i even take these texts seriously anymore
you be able to reach the handles
never be a fool to you my lover uk has some of the best artists in the game with all the bops.
i'm putting an alarm
two years
My eyebrows look horrible.
I wear perfume
i literally offer my love to everyone,, yall just reject me
He looks so cute, I wanna hug him
Dale una oportunidad. Igual a GoT.
My back hurt
I been able to get her out of my mind for the past few months for some reason
yes!!! where my parents are
fuck im such an emotional dumb needy bitch):< any one on deck with hugs?
yeth
It's been ages since the last yoonmin selca
going to need my car to stop wasting so much gas
you delete the tweet my child Which tweet? I delete a lot of my tweets
Yo viendo los viejos tweets de brother nature
yo feelings hurt
i gave u mummie and i call u mad but go off ig
BSHDHDJDNRJD im so sorry
can someone please link me to the audio of the new songs
the only time say right
Mmmmm I guess. mean safe though.
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
ily but austin is ugly
I wish I was still good at math
try
I need tight hugs right now.
next thing you know, the fucking locals are gonna be calling us weebs
The moment my older sister moves out is gonna break my heart not looking forwards to next month then...
going to be a long night .. looks like Adriel is getting a cold
guess a special case
me too,, i try
They deleted the thread But I'm not surprised this is MSU we're talking about lol
Grrrrr
this is crackhead behavior jddjsjsn
omg update ! looking for a baby
requirements:
- dont be yu she hates me.
Can pat throw to Travis please
I wish you could see how much he is hurting. How much he really needs you right now
it's bc ratcho is smiling, a rare treat
Every time I visit Raleigh and time for me to go back, I cry like a baby. Hate leaving him.
talking to my gma on the phone... i miss her now who is gonna buy me a plane ticket to indo
in a lee donghyuck gc and loving all of them already
i really sat back and watched the entire anitwt get catfished, sorry comrades i have failed you
Apology accepted
i just finished watching this and FKN EMO
Yoonminions where are you are u starving bcs same
yes, they clearly have tastebuds
Why did this hurt
You didnt have to do it to us like this king
Imagine how much they're missing in life for looking at him like that Im not mad,, i feel pity
Clickies are gonna be in my mentions Stan list
come back to me (?)
Can I walk with you?
maybe its bc its the first ep? i think it has potential for more and i love the animation style
I hats missing you
the boys upstairs keep bouncing a ball plzzzz stfu i have to get this bread
The closer it gets to my birthday ..the sadder I get. first birthday without my grandma
can someone pay me for these notes smh
know what to do anymore know what to believe
it's a work night but I wanna stay up and draw my otp smoochin
I'll be next.
okay goodnight try not to have dicks on your TL during work
Que hoy siempre no dice rybacoff
Does everything actually happen for a reason, cause I understanding a lot lately
waking up for school makes me wanna cry
came to the conclusion robyn & I look alike... tragic & I know she lurks on my twitter so robyn if u see this luv u
Omg is she okay?? Tell her i hope she feels better and is in my prayers
this one hit home
I need my cuddle wolf to keen warm at night I am lonely
i have a good daniel saved but i feel like clickbaitseavey is to iconic to change
I know how you feel. I have 3TZ in 4days!
only 2 episodes left with Rick and heckin sad
Life is so hard
I keep going down this road
I just wait to get back to my naturally happy self. I be getting so mad about any and every little thing these days.
a carinha dele
yeah this really hurts
he kidding huh
October is almost over and I have not watched Hocus Pocus or Nightmare before Christmas
11:11
JAJAJAJJA same tho
this monkeys gone to heaven
but then have to redo everything
sigh im broke this is sad
My soul
11:11 Lets get this bread gc, seven and Charli and their happiness
you cry prettily
part 82
( i do confession scenes well oop )
Watching old episodes of Parts Unknown always gets me
After ilang hours ng labor. Success Thank you lord for the safe delivery kahit may 1 hindi pinalad
fellas something to confess.... some shorts that are similar to can i get an f
afraid too late for them
i turned it off & it keeps saying that
Why do I pull you close and then ask you for space?
Bub would have came home tonight
Bruh bruh would have gone back tonight
gabie te amo af
TIA WTFDGDJSKDN IM EATING
tahts where everything we consume ends up eventually
The things we do for them you should all hold each hands and make a little circle
First snake in 18 months and the bloody thing moves so fast I couldn't get a good ident
Hasn't follow me Haha
erick need someone to match my energy
i meant write
Five years ago today was the last time all five siblings was under one roof probably never happen again...
in love with short hair but the cut life and the natural life mix well
YES i am i jist forgot to tweet it the 37th time
we disrespected sunbaenims who paved the way appa Simon gonna be mad
I told him I went out in sweatpants last night...
He told me I couldn't do that anymore.
This is getting aggressive.
my layout ALMOST matched
I miss my gf
My team How I wish nandyan din si so much love for them
me when my bf decides to make me one
Down to 10
How dare you even ask me something like this...
Alexa how do I say "FUCK NO YOU GROSS TOE BITCH"
nail broke life is over
the mile
Fuuuuck brother I'm so sorry for your loss. I'm praying for you big dawg
I have to go out when MONO comes out to attend a family gathering
Ahhhh I cant even say no
where is the content
please stop, i'm soft
ITHOUGHT HE WAS CHANGMIN IN THW FIRST ONENDJSJF
Why is it taht I hardly ever talk about jeonghan i actually hate myself cause i never do. I am not worthy of him
make fun of us trying
And I missing it I go next week for SRP. I have no idea what that will involve
Suddenly, I missed One Direction.
The rockets have lost their identity
rt to be in jacks fattoes
-TAKE A JOKE
discuss the gc name after its made
-stan jack avery
-be a fat toe
-be nice
im gna be in pre cal when mono drops
give the spotify users some juice too
i felt this
oof make an innocent one for them, I did that too
but which one i only got one public acc
i was rooting for them too
I just have the courage to do it yet...
Even though I really, really need too.
Your end is almost here and honestly it's what you deserve
lowkey worried tryna fuck w me and gave me shit that actually says smth weird
Goddamn I thought I was the only feeling this type of way
i cant stay up for the cbs sigh :( have fun guys join the hype in like 16 hours
i thought my baby was different
relate what so ever
Wow I wish I could be that cool
79
rt to be in jacks fattoes
-TAKE A JOKE
discuss the gc name after its made
-stan jack avery
-be a fat toe
-be nice
-have fun
her chest scar
uwu hours chief
josh was first I guess find myself this year
so sorry for your loss.
i always think one more muffin in the little bites pack than there really is
I did and you reply
Tryna eat the molly like rice
Me too
My head hurts
wait..holy shit
changed so much
Sorry I be there to help you
i only say it when im upset okay
You're right
They will never listen.
Henny really kill the pain no more
gonna be a tough one.
when is gonna tweet again?
Hays
its lovign my gf hours
I've been sitting here so long that security is trying to kick me out
Nights are always the worst with overthinking why my mind just move on from this
this was me up until 6 months ago
I remember these days
How am I getting through this
Never thought of it in this way
Instagram giving me trojan ads but little do they know
we js tryna fix our teeth
If in New York, sure
I just made my own header coz I find one that matched this icon
I would frame these & cherish them as my most prized possession.
i thought it was mousse
I miss the old you
iti ta calor eh deixa eu assoprar p dar ventinho
I'm sad I miss my babies
Ware with a heck of a run seems to trip up on his own feet short of a TD.
I never want to stop watching 7 deadly sins been a min since I got to binge watch a good ass shounen
the worst
Wanna wake up and then get the good news of Lisa...how long will i have to wait Papa?
when you have no friends so you call other people's friends their minions
Hulu bad so far but I definitely miss netflix
it is it don't hate on my family and i
Twitter ajeno
hungry and like I taste my food
wow
I just need ur symphaty right now
i liked it but it was way too short
I swear my life is so bad. I get the point anymore at all...
i tried not to put kpop on here
Cowboys always losing in the most heartbreaking way
28 years old and still getting my heart broke. This hurts, big time.
when will everyone realize that you have to love kamil cause it's required by law now?
Lmao!!!! Currently laughing at my cuzzo...same reason! Part a mi badmind stills....
Yas But The Problem Is People Make It So Hard
senior pictures on tuesday and still ugly
I never want to stop watching 7 deadly sins been a min since I got to binge watch a good ass shonen
that hoe at walburgers who gave you the wrong order
I want do it but ima just see how long this wait is
to you both, I know the feeling
I pray God eases the fear I have of traveling holding me back
Tay is just a loyal mutual leave my sis alone he the only who constantly likes my tweets
pls be my friend send you memes and i text back fast and get you cute gifts
half an hour away if that counts
please stop unfollowing me
If only you were going this weekend we coulda met
the only celebrity notice I got was a block by cold sore.
Exactly. not being rude, I really wish I remembered their name
I
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
this will prob be the most legendary footage to ever have been recorded at the mic tbh, 2016 summer was so fun
oof try not to
I've been listening to Bon Jovi songs for almost 3 days now. I'm starting to miss my dad. Only a month to go
tragic maybe this is your chance to train left hand !!
I miss my boyfriend
This stats homework has the answers and I still get it
Day 5 be this hard and painful , but day 1 and this shit hurting I want my man back my baby .
u are so strong pleas hold out for us weak ones..
for the last time?
Last night I enjoy tacos how I feel about it
como fan de
i look like a clown with sope in my rn jdjfhd but it had to be done
i cant drink too much soda so
yu gonplei ste odon reshop heda
after aquamarine jimin is gone i'm gonna mourn him like i did cherry gukkie
I wish I had a school crush
Sending you all the love in the world xxxx
we don't speak about mr le* ch*n in this house AAA THANK YOU ATE NETTE :-( YOU AND YOONHYUN HAVE
say what i think ur ab to say
THANK YOU SO MUCH!!!!!!! also sorry for calling the head of PR team stupid i was wrong STRAY KIDS PR TEAM FIGHTING!!
relationship status: single
I get how you guys die guess I need to grind more GGs.
finally on a break for labour day and my mum decides to she wants to invite the aunties hm
scftrose
ask stray kids nice n cute questions for me pls tell them i love them bc true i really do treasure them
oKay
Whenever I get sick the human part of me makes me sad. not super woman. And I pretend to be
oops, i feel rude now
I had to see it so you do too
I just wanna be happy
change it back
sm wont debut a real rapper so youre right bts wouldnt stand a chance if they are under sm
For the 5 mins Falling Petals was out I was truly blessed
Probably why losing weight, w/o even trying to.
pls those songs actually break me but serendipity is such a calming experience !
no 1 take this seriously plz i jk
me: HIT OR MISS I GUESS THEY NEVER MISS HUH! U GOT A BOYFRIEND I BET HE DOESNT KISS
; i need my bitch
i had to rewatch the intro 10 times just to type this i deserve an award
not sorry
Why are people so racist? This is not right. The guy is really ignorant. I feel bad for the lady.
// God, I love Will.
I miss him like fuck.
Again, slept for 5 hours.
My special person
kars thigh will crush that lil egg
IT'S BEEN LIKE 4 MONTHS LMAO BUT I JUST REALIZED I NEVER POSTED GRAD PICS ON HERE WOA H
So then no eyebrow makeover?
You def have a heart so what do I take
sis drop your tutorial
I need someone to hold my hand
Damn that sucks man
My mom Jamaican she play that shit AT ALL grab anything ANYTHING near her and beat me
u stanned nick so bad long haired nick still wins tho
don't be
me just a few days ago
disappointed
so he did go to class
send me stuff send me ur fave hcs or sumn
Napanaginipan kita. standing there. I hugged you so tight and kissed you. I miss you so much!
LMAOO pepsi man is my spirit animal
I love you cousin thank you for trying to keep me safe, but I was being bozo.
They should cancel me too for saying I was a woc too
Me and are slept on
Rolled my ankle
quick confession: i been listening to robbie that much since my show because of pcd every time i hear
assisye comigo
i gave up on boys
Oh, that stinks. Sorry, that's probably the case then.
Your blush when you think about me
Like how suju has their label sj be so great tbh
Me rn
always disappoint me
I have such a big heart
i wish i had the her posters
you're missing out, I'll bring some when I head up
oomfs so caucasian wheres the boa love
smh im on ask block ill send you some asks tomorrow
i don't get what happen....
i love being well fed
I cant choose
close enough
my mother let me know if going to coin on tuesday and they said on their ig story that tix are low SIGH hard being me
dark too man
i loved nick and no even after 7 months short hair nick is better
*sighs deeply*
The engraved pen and money clip
why you at me next time
but he was cute
Good that they cut Mercy but too late
Cherry bomb n English??? Ummm who axed for this & why?? just gonna need SM to realize whether korean or
We don't even get to eat them
i'm here if you want to talk i tell if serious cause you put that fucking emoji djdkdkkdkd
Darn hope you find someone, I even got an extra ticket
you were mine
/||\
for a night
||
i dont know how
Dunot disrespek jacki can like that
why am i writing a jikook fic when writing one themselves
so scared for my Stats test tomorrow
JIAAAAAANNNNNNN now draw it for me. hands u pens and pencils. please!!!!!! give him alittlemore hair i feel bad
why you see bh? I go alone just waiting for a friend to get a ticket praying ladies
i know i keep promoting it but i just need to talk to people even if hate
.. I really wanna believe but tha way my Trust is set up ......
You were so funny on that account omg be missed!!
been on twitter for 7 years and still have the least amount of followers of the group
Yea i got the bread but does the bread got me
Right
I need to make an appreciation for Seo Johnny, but I'm too lazy tho
Guys are such jerks i swear. Even my like why ? I been nothing but nice to even when was
Tidur Whee
then you've never lived
im bored i want praise
Maybe the final girl on the list will be the one for me
Mi realidad
DAH AH PING OFF DULU. LELAH HAYATI
need me a boyfriend who wants to start a minecraft survival world together
i love cindy so much
sorry
this as joonie pls
sla te amo
I miss you, so pray for you.
tough being a and fan.
seeing my dad in so much pain hurts my heart
Night Lia xD Sleep well, have many dreams. Love ya.
I hate life
Its disrespectful and childish. But what can we expect from 10 year olds
sis no need to attack
Just trying to find the pod to my juul
Mood
mau dinotice lagi
k idc im going to sleep
honored memory well, Karen. so sorry for your deep loss and ongoing sorrow.
we just want our boys, that's what we want
get me out of here
Youre missing on so much beauty
maybe sope and namjin r dead but at least vmin and minjoon live
so we jus gon forget teanna trump n brittany renner played tf out of us
I wish I had one
the most tragic moment is when you realize you left all your juul pods in the car.
having no weme mutuals really feels like im just screaming into the void
I wish I had one
right a pretty bad idea BUT YOU KNOW IF HE POSTS A PICTURE LIKE THIS...
With my
I wanna go to the state fair this year. Been living in Phoenix for three years & never gone
Judith is super cute though not baby ass kicker anymore
just stream episode tomorrow then.
why i felt some typa way
Why am I like this
I rather sell.
i hate the fact that some people in the fandom feel the need to bring other people down "oH sHe'S TaLkInG tO
i have so much clothes that i could sell on depop but i already know no one would buy anything smh
but spider porn is nice
they be conducting a mass on a sunday
Honestly same except I have my luck. Someone must have my gold
please add more date or hall for aeon bandaraya melaka
They cut my week short...now I don't even have a blatant excuse to miss class
yall i CANNOT survive driving my dads truck any longer i put gas every fucking 2 days im TIRED!!!!!!! AND
I love stealing from others since a flop 1 like for 2
Its yur reason isnt it ?
i got headphones cause they broke
glad to be back
but papa is muted
I wish I had some more people to talk to
understandable...... do what u must..
not even girl. I wish
Wins goal of the year and straight after the ceremony goes on a 22 day bender
Dejen de ventanearme
Man things always go bad around this time of year
Deadass what I was just thinking
My brother, my Uncle Robert, was laid to rest today. been a rough week for my family
Babies really take a toll on your body man, let me tell ya
i wish it was that way
Too bad I kicked off the week facing the Denver D
that's rlly annoying and sad i don't get how there could be ppl like this in the world
If one more person asks me race are or insinuates that I look white gonna flip
Karla just called me a grease ball
Pls help her anything is appreciated. Retweet so that we can bump this pls she doesnt deserve this. No one does.
Rockets doing shit this year defense beyond trash.
I hate a "ok lemme see the print" ass girl like damn can U ask me about my day first
Please tell me bongo cat dead
I love when your faves stand up for you thank you for loving us so much Yoongi
luke rly has the cutest nose huh
i forgot to put harry first
she appreciate the sentiment
Permisi staff nim.
Thunderov Robe [ 740C ] Bill tag 703.
Bhaybhay duid q.
u knowbwhat .... just listened to it again maybe it reminds me of their new york date shove ur taegi
I don't personally know her but we have the same passion and we lose a number of our
I hate your kind of attitude allen
can someone please say delilah ur such a good girl pls I just want that.
I know I will always miss you
My heart is heavy
When it rains it pours
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
Whoo dami ko na absent this 2nd grading
relate
i hate feeling like a bother
3. uhm no basic
4. both kinda
If only they release and sell BT21 onesies too..
Real Bitch me Please
twitter sunbaenim please let me upload this video
a real bop
I can already see myself running for president and someone brings out my 2018 tweets
This really the most depressing thing on my twitter. Thanks
At least most of unreleased music was good
Bro someone add me to a groupchat
too much people in the theatre i hit my wax pen
You can't make someone see the truth. Unfortunately
a flop with 0 content released. Wrong i guess
sis needs receipts
its so much work..... i hate food prep and cooking... junk food is right there... ready
When friends become friends and exclude you you guys just love that
My girlfriend found my twitter, I can't say none straight off my mind on here anymore.
For now Bella. For now.
I still want you.
I never thought it was gonna be easy but I expect it to be this hard either
just b playin no games. u forcing competition, rules ion know to follow, and a clear victor. just dont. pls.
pretend i see this if i get those ffs
i just really like cute things
gonna deactivate but before I do, do dis
Finally someone noticed and I love you too
Went to Blountstown today to help out w hurricane relief. That place got destroyed....
must be a different band called brockhampton
Going on private for a bit
tae in his art hoe element is my favourite tae
loki is here and yet no zacharias
It be like that sometimes
Not tonight
Dey always say dat
why does everyone have to hate . in my satchel
Album a star is born kapan rilis
when you barely have clout
Hyung please pick me. I'm a fan.
okay so where is the omurice?
worry never been
I miss you most at Christmas time
it really is
really changed my opinion
gracie never made the blue bar vine
When are they gonna include Junhoe and Donghyuk in 97 liners gc ????
i am just not wired for work
anyways im COLD and sleepy so ill be [windows shutdowm noise] and take a nap ;( though a bitch could really use a mf hug rn.........
yo that girl fatima is beyond beautiful bro she looked nice as frik too ln fatima dawg idk a fatima
Yes Goddess. I loser like me is just privileged to buy your dirty panties.
sorry chief
i wont
Some people just need to get their ears checked
I keep getting told, to stop playing serious tho
thank you i need to do hw rn but i might be stressed again later so i'll just take a rain check on that
Not so much, ...
On to Tampa Bay.
i can tell they're probably a karmy bc of the Army Zip so i wont ever be this lucky
SKSK how is it now
glad alive. Still sorry though.
I watched any of the new Walking Dead episodes yet
goodnight
I just want hate
feelings be floating everywhere
excuse me you lie
stop
I picked the wrong major bc I really hate writing papers but basically 90% of my required assignments
This makes me sick to my stomach
I am desperate so i felt that
i lov u so much AND U BETTER NOT EITHER . we're in this together
the consequences of having a life
Same
we can get through this bird boy and iida are both in my top three and i like deku just a bit more
i have to go tell ris i love her and ig be back soon bc vaCatION THIN GS THAT I caNt tAke mY PhOne tOo
an egg now
shes not even my main fav i jus dont have any soft kali pics
im trying to understand their views
You fail as a friend at all!! Unfortunately when someone is depressed and their demons are
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he
Then I should be a lot better at Twitter
stop being relatable miss
Okay the fact that blocked by my
i'm having a really bad month...
me when I ***
can u post more pictures of you in any warm/autumn environments please a girl tryna make some lockscreens
what was I doing
Bruh fed up. Look at my most recent tweet
the COD COMMUNITY IS AIDS TOO.
here just without it
I cry whenever I listen to run because I just remember jumping and having the time of my left I WANT TO HEAR. IT LOVE AGAIN
Head on hurt
i want to know i don't even wanna share it i just wanna KNOW
whats funny is she doesnt actually hate jikook but ok
alright
My heart always wants something it have
I miss my chill life
A queen
Just feel like I look stupid when I try to wear it.
going to be in class when drops
i just hope that a peel off mask
yea but maddy is my mother and maddington is my father so just call me horny
The Universe heard this and decided "Nah, fuck that."
Aye yo who hurt you, tell me
Well they came. But I didn't get to go
Boo boo the fools the both of us huh
Super lonely for my pup.
Thinking about foreskin and fireball
The payment has been made and they are not reducing the price.
We are deeply sorry & regret about this. We
paige, the sweetest, damn
Honestly
Holy crap that's so selfish! Cant believe people would actually do that
can he just release it 4 pm kst
Smaddy cya write me Academic Writing essay
sorry pal
new mutuals, please know im not like this i usually make a fool out of myself by crying over bts not by making
Well been to Texas but not for a Taylor show
frosty and liana resigned
you ever cried yourself to sleep damn that shit sucks
and the fbi agents assigned to our phones
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
Been in the hospital these past 8 days, ready to go home
at least u said it was cute
i am laying down aunty
Thanks bro I appreciate some props in between being called a dumb bitch.
Whuttt is the meaning of this?
i think i hurt his feelings
ooo, I can imagine it's badass driving to this! I don't have a driver's license so it's walking for me
today I found out angel really hates me
Nigga you know how shit feels knowing your family accept you cause of a choice you made! My soul broken
I wish i could make everyone happy and smile always. I hate seeing people sad, it breaks my heart
Being a bengals fan has always been so embarrassing
I seen my bestfriend since June
smh a toe eater this it
Target, Ralphs, Rite Aid, and Sprouts has failed me for the magazine
to triste com o yoongi
such powerful men
jdjsd thank u but not rly something anyone not from my school can help with
STOP I CANT WAIT EITHER BUT OMGSHS I've been trying to get my mutuals into no one wants to watch
f u ck pre calc. i am so sorry bb
im never on here anymore, imma disappointment
Just need a chance.
HDBDHDHD pls i gave you your credit
ugh what can i say THAT bitch
fuck short haired nick
most def
I got my strength from this honestly it's not that hard, right?
it was such a weak throw though
she will always be remembered
This is gonna be me in a few weeks
this is what happens when you think you can beat your boyfriend at basketball and eat shit
bad memories but life moves on
only the best for you surely she will agree
Everyday
I miss Champion
They have radar always on, and they both threw on ghost . Sad
Yes
I just want some hot chocolate frfr
so I'm spanish to aisha now
we do not have the minds of a mastermind
You heard me
{{ wow called out like this.......... can't trust anyone nowadays
its that gay curse
I wish I could give you an answer hon, but I honestly don't know. I'm sorry
A moment of silence for our fallen comrade
I really wish things were different...
Sadly.
That tweet is so sad stop
i just miss my boy..
I think I will ever except that he is gone
25/8 mood someone date me please
It's not that they are short, I'm just a tall ass giant
i don't wanna scare him off,,,,
i almost typed in which is it daddy
why does everyone hmu to do things around the same time???? like where was that energy last year when i was lonely
I would be nervous as hell, I blame her. But damn, just horrible
It gone away yet? so sorry.
ryan is trying to peer pressure me
Either I don't have a lot of blackpink mutuals or blackpink is really underrated. They deserve so much better.
it's like I can still hear her voice damn I'm going through it
(slightly nsfw) giles .....
Binged S2 of Iron Fist before starting daredevil. The ending was cool
Choco butternut
I just want someone to love me for me
how abt eva ? eva beats me at filler all the time and it frustrates me
who knew two words being said twice actually means something deep?
I miss when she used to tweet with us.
this man got no lines but all the looks
I need Emely love
to be petty or not to be petty
Today I eat my friends food, they saw the real side of me
my morning class finished earlier so i went straight home lmao but i have to go back for afternoon classes
goodnight to and only
I honestly wonder if someone has a crush on me who would like to be my boo
I see any tweets or anything funny. You mature now I see
Punisher season 2...where are you?
senti hours hit early
first the guy in the beanie and now this one, im sorry but u have the worst taste in men
Bottoms can b strong too nat
IM SORRY IM STILL IN ALL OF THEIR LANES A LITLLE BUT MY MOST OF MY HEART BELONGS TO CHRISTIAN NOW
My bank account has been taking such big hits like I saved up and shit but there has just been a stack of expenses come up
jonah marais isnt a virgin and has had sex before exposed
Fair got me tiirreddd its gonna be hard getting up tomorrow
i love rin okumura sorry a weaboo
turn on my notifs and maybe id text you first
Yeeeea... the manga was much worse
Tfw no tall gf to hecking pick you up and h o l d h a n d s
Oh so how doing this?
I believe leaving for Oklahoma in the morning
People rlly exaggerating
I wish I was drinking a strawberry margarita rn
can it get cold enough for the roads to freeze over ion wanna go to school
I want to paint pumpkins with my boo
TEA, sadly Fad didn't came to south america on the jwt
If only the people around him knew...
Or the dropping of both bombs on Japan...
well thank you for my daily cup of angst, ily
(2). it be like that.
Why I have wtf I want dang When I want it
Sorry for being me Hate who I am
Temen siapa sih. . .
wow I miss him
Especially when you see that person in public and they act like they never met you before
go to sleep then
I wish i could fall asleep to snoring tonight
Who will be to blame for so much pain?
I need a girlfriend tired of safe sex
Not me and you na
It went over my head
that's swann
emily deserves more love no offense
gonna end up stealing my cat one day
Bella started out Black & Tan but lost her tan ~ she was jet black ~ I miss you
u were like it for bottom and now i am doing it.....i want to do Gil
nvm i forogt you only have 10 followers
still thinking about that boy from that party
looking in your window
You've left me with no clues.
All I had were thoughts.
you: why my crush text me back
me: why my absentee ballot arrived in the mail yet
but why
My Bitmoji cuter then me
now i feel upset i was trying to hype him but,, tbh not above anyone
How? In what way?
Don't know what to do now. Suddenly felt lost
neither of have accolades yet
he uses them unironically
And I invited?
fuck mosquitos they were snacking on me
tru is this what shaped us to be the crackheads we are today sjsjjs
concert tix should be sold like this tbh kinda like flight tickets
You're such a fucking hoe
I hate it
This is my true form
They fuck your brains out? I'm jealous..
It be like that sometimes
I honestly wonder if someone has a crush on me who would like to be my boo
Okay I need a math tutor who flake on me ... any takers
stuck between a rock & a hard place right now. really know what to do
Sepanx is real
I know there was a L in Houston
i should be ashamed of all these food transactions on my bank account
honestly be on cloud nine if I had a girl like Domo. just, so kind. She gave Chrissy the world.
act like my Head put a dent in the wall
hate if this happened
I have a sense of humour at least being nice
so cold, hungry, not ready to go to class tomorrow, sad
It sucks so bad
I wish I could bring all my family from & bring them here
God i literally slept the whole morning off and still so down and tired
I have these persons in mind that I really miss
Missed a FaceTime and now I heard from bae all day.
...
I know so sad
Aww well if for some reason some miracle ever happens ill send u half
My ear hurt really bad.
really crushing a dreams,,
We criminalize poverty in America step in any courtroom and see it for yourself
Crying is the only option
I TAKE EVERYTHING LITERALLY I HAVE ONE BRAIN CELL...maybe this is the beginning of my nsfw art awakening
mt obg. achei q tava ficando chato ahaujseujs
can we show support for our boy 1x?
True .. We r living life as described.
planning for my bestfriend bday in dallas its gonna be a wild one
Schools sucks wbk yes wbk
my trust issues??? are getting in the way of everything rn
You gotta explain to me babe I know exactly what it cost my eye hurts so bad right now
Someone go with me to the gym tomorrow
do i really NEED to go to school tomorrow
So does this mean cl*re is still in the band if Harry never followed her.
We going streaks
Every time something working or responding at work I say HELLO like this vine and no one gets it
I already do that bro! I'm talking about spending my spending money
Any person who works in retail understands why we gotta put up w the bullshit
guess who might actually make ramen right now ??? has been rubbing off on me
One of the hardest tasks ever had to learn & accept
Thank you but why does it say its not currently available
I was not allowed to have a copy.
guys we can't use the piss balloons anymore... some monster filled them with water
already mine sorry
Don't even want to go to work tomorrow i'm so sad
/sighs/ it's been a month..... i might forget about it at this rate
3. no its boring
bsksk the mood taking hard classes is always a bad idea but for senior year? unthinkable,
i'm sorry i fell asleep lastnight.
good morning anw have a nice day !
tfw i glitched livewire into a wall and now i have to redo a big portion of the level i was playing i was almooooost done
i have another one but of his butt i think gonna hang it up bc i have no space
I had Burton on the bench today and then I had Kelce and Ebron as my TE and Flex and Burton scored more than both combined.
i felt this tweet
I hate leaving my family.
buenas noches
I liked a video Domo is about to be HURT even MORE by Crissy -Domo and Crissy Drama
Nvm I have School tomorrow
I know ur age but imma be honest in my assessment
it feels so weird coming home and sophie being gone. i miss my baby
some shit I wish I could go back n change man fr
i hate this song but i love you so im conflicted
I can already tell that this is going to be a rough week
helllo i in fact dOnt hate you<3 then talk to mE kidding you have to but thank u anon i hate u
Acne is coming back damn
I guess that people just support guavas
ta com outra
everyone is going 2 bed on me
me and kae both flopped
Advantages of being a light skinned Hispanic
pls link it , i need a meaning to my life
go tell him he doesn't love me anyways
i hate that i lose interest fast on anything and anyone
Me urian
my beautiful angel please feel better i love you
You're such an amazing monbebe is so lucky to have a fan like you i think i
i would rather talk about you
How can one person make you so fucking happy and really sad simultaneously
Please eat something. If not for me, for Seoksoon its ok if it's late. Eating is just as important.
Looks like I will be suffering for another year. I must really hate myself.
i thought you were talking about boudin and now i want some broccoli cheddar in a bread bowl
Damn, who am I?
this mosquito rly bit the shit out of me
Too much has happened this year.
I was today years old when I learned that the word was hate speech
so i can stay up until midnight her time and be the first to tell her happy birthday
Rereading this again...maybe he is too lenient for his own good
thank u
your yt do u rly wanna be subjected to that
omg buy from him too
OMG idk what to wear tomorrow help !
i got the same thing
marie really out here ignoring me
Sigh Happening To The Females Of Today
Alright so you my nigga
sorry po
fuck i cant relate
I help but sleep with the fan on .. be even more sick
When ur a jaguars fan
try the fair again next year
this lady in the philippines made her own dog shelter and rescued dogs in any city and province god bless her i would adopt all of them
males banget. pocong.
This country is in a mess. Seems like each for his own
but i did what u asked
that shit hurted </3 you're right i'm sorry
majority of the time i read it but never READ it like my eyes see it but it never clicks with my
this boy realllllly got me catching feelings i like this
I envy people who have "day 1"s tho
I shuffled my playlist and solo solo came on
I really been fucking up lately
pretty babies
1 veterinarian
2 the weird vegetarian
3 NO fuck shes so ugly
I get the invites
can u at least share damn
it was a personal attack towards myself as well so tbh...
Today was uneventful.. not having money is fun!
arwa stay away from ryuu i beg he already has 2 wives and a baby pleasthe.,,,.
no one replied w/ aus i knew hated me
My managers son passed away tonight RIP. Sending love and prayers
I wish I had better friends
I shuffled my playlist and solo dolo came on
Okay ice sorry
omg this :(( thank youu
I miss 3 a.m. McDelivery at KL
I know its 1140 a.m. now shush
so apparently a horre for taegikook now
i just want clear skin bro
why do people gotta be so sensitive
come get your kids. they say they miss you
wait u want her to stay alive
fuck scarlett letter
Wow. very shocking.
everyone really does hate me
a bitch been sad for 2 longgg
/\
/ \
Decent people are a minority in world
I love staying up all the time
hope im. im goin through it me too. me too
you caught me im actualy going to binge naruto
22. jus brown
Damn
Keshon Keshon
Q: best dick
A:
Drop a for a question
turn out we get nothing again
pray for the kid
where the help at
Damn, got blocked for defending bts At least my boys would be proud
I need brothers, love and more people to join me
meu denguinho
he really popped off huh?
I miss my blonde hair
Also why do I look so short compared to Kook?
take out the foreskin deal with the hair
you cant imagine how many times ive had a crush on someone and almost told them but then didnt bc that would be stupid af
I love him so much
I hate myself
otakuthon is homophobic because the tanacon length lines to pick up badges took away from squad time
jay has my notifs on but he doesnt even like my tweets
I didnt know man I swear
the water the desert and the world all look the same to me
starship must not be paying mx enough look at hyungwon and jooheon trying to make extra money to afford rent
Oh Heather, I'm sorry
i lost catch a vibe oh no
not cute to act like that bc
sope worldians how we doin
This is horrible
I had no fucking idea. Simply devastated at the moment.
THE LAST ONE on my moms bed rn
Please, I love looking at blackpink gifs!
Them: seokjin oppa need girl not GAY
Seokjin: so today I fucked like 5 dads in a row
I was seeing post of Yoongi ignoring Chim....I'm hurt I luv them both..
sis me too
He deserve this hate
Never concerned with him
Stop so soft
I rlly am an irresponsible idiot sometimes
sorry sero
I feel like suffocating
done with him
my dad walked into my room while i was listening to lil kim and said anti nicki minaj
Te lo pido
my ex knew i was cheating and stayed..when she told me she knew i stopped
I could really go for a new Rae Sremmurd or Swae Lee album but that happening any time soon
Rip Hudson
wow...
i miss red haired , exposed forehead pil
So broke rn might sell my whole Ep
Daniel I gotta disagree with you on this one
Aw if you need someone to talk to before you decide to deactivate you can always dm me! I hope you feel better
omg legend this happened when you ran out of time yesterday
Ok & u waited for me so we can go to LA together
they even let me report her they just told me to block or mute hazel
Miss you Pops
Who hurt him ?
i just want this semester to be over
Update2: guess who even started with the database? Yes me... I blame Seokjin in glasses
i literally cannot find a good video editor anywhere
My literal life sinking in the bottom of a kool aid pitcher
nothing has changed
i just want you to know that it took me a lil bit to figure out that you photoshopped him in there. but what mia?
Leo imeanzia Garden City
My boyfriend love me He cuddle me.
I guess not oh well I tired keeping u happy for
I lost my sambucky tweets
I want to freelance anymore
I pretend to hate him but deep down still deeply in love
idk why the black header was bugging me
I hate how I have the patience and kindness of my dad and my moms temper
really teach myself to not being rude to people that I love
i just want to join for the funny conversations
yelling is fun until hurts
No one has asked me out to a haunted house, hayride, or maze.
Ha ha , I requested him
the fact that going overdose era pt 2 but now we have 3 baby boys
I made this song in 30 minutes
On me
really taken this kind of hard .... and fact that I thought I have to shake back
noah didnt care about this at all
We stan talent ugh ily Oof ily too
/ / JAY IS REALLY OUT HERE... HOW THE FUCK DID HE MAKE HIS EDDIE SO FAST?
really paid houston dust then huh
Sometimes you just have to let people go, even if the hardest thing ever done.
Next thing we know gonna learn how to cook and pull junmyeons hair
right.
hi friends peepin in dms as of now since being productive and doing my work hopefully be on samantha again soon!
so sad hearing stuff like this. Having an old woman cry
I really hope she find it
sigh im officially old
AM SO SORRY, I take it back I take it back Yoongi is the smollest little bean
So you give me reassurance... but then tear me down afterwards
and thanks for reaching out to me means a lot
I'm in love with your smile. I'm in love with your voice. I'm in love with your laughs. I'm in love with your eyes. I'm in love with you.
Bruh they straight smacked us lol I won in fantasy cause of Mahomes tho so bittersweet
i Swear update tomorrow, my head hurts too much tonight
u know ur sick when it hurts to even move ur eyeballs
I hate leaving him, the hardest part of everyday!
bub
and maybe people who told you you matter, even if they act otherwise
vector: hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he
Maybe a good thing he thinks me.. come kill me tired of living anyway
I wish these were available in iMessage
hanbin solo and bobdong subunit next year planting the fucking seed
saying goodbye to my boy group biases
april is taking me back
i might be weak for jaebum but
im weaker for
girl groups
tough out here
I think GOD made anybody for me he forgot about me
let the yunguns live
But me ???? Work every day this week
and im hurt
Awww babies
Oomf wondering why business not flourishing how many times have i said if yur messy nobody gonna wanna purchase
rt to be in jacks fattoes
-mbf
-TAKE A JOKE
-stan jack avery
-be a fat toe
-be nice
me when mayla... when. she breathe
I have no friends on this bird app
we really got school in the morning
my professor im sorry im stupid
Two kicks away from possibly being 4-3
What did I do?
kellarty is the best kevin ship
scared of hearing fanchants and seeing army bombs
I'm not but good try.
still hurting sooo bad
I want to suck a dick right now
After he nut in my mouth, just play with it until he gets hard again. Then more sucking
I never get the bread, I only get the crumbs
This was a lot less funny than I was hoping for
Oomf is loyal & a nicki stan & I want to dm them pero like... I'm scared. Please be my friend.
So sorry you had to go through that. Excruciatingy painful....I can only imagine. These lawmakers
Wow fuck those ignorant asshats... take care
kayla is trying so hard to make me smile and laugh and making me cry i deserve her
WOW
I gotta stop trusting ppl so much, smdh
Haaa sick me is so salty, i better just go eat the medicine i got and rest a bit before going out for lunch
And I love them with all my heart
i keep pronouncing re:vale wrong will i ever change
so close to the kim line seokjin my love i have failed u
ill book ur flight
jk
where you at now?!?
: I was waiting for you to be Minjoo. bUT IT'S OKAY. We still have moments together!
I even know what to do anymore.. just tired of all the arguing
I just wanna move to sa already
I really wanna bring the group back together with the exception of 1 maybe 2 people
oof its 1am for me
really in my messages pressing me for wearing FILA socks
Ughh my fuckin stomach hurt
It sucks.
I wish one day. the top destination on my list other than California again
I miss my childhood, only if I could go back
friends the other 2 don't know but may after or if they see this tweet this isn't the whole story but I'm just
does that mean out because i used the word what are you talking about sister
Loyalty over the king
Idk why but when I hear a 1d song I miss 1d ...
but will ultworsnop
yesterday i lost my lanyard at the pumpkin patch and honestly so sad
when i see how much work i have to do when i thought it was one 1 page
yall this is nasty literally a private schedule, with his mom! wtf
u changed your layout like 4 times today and all of them were better than any of my past ones...... so powerful
im probably listening to it when i wake up and thats 2 hours later
Very sorry.
We stan talent ugh ily Oof ily too
No unfortunately.... Just English
The farther along I get, the less sleep I get
Lol good times ion never get that high no more
still kinda in disbelief Rell really gone
Finished my 6 pack of Modelo Negra
going on hiatus bye girls
I really be out here like
i missed birthday
When your waiting for your charcoal mask to dry and all you wanna do is itch your face facial probs.
At this point I just wanna be alone
On god
Happy birthday to my favorite person Best wishes on your birthday love u 22 October
he had to recharge his batteries
sad girl hourz once again
Sem acreditar cr
without chief
i had put this series to sleep until 2 weeks ago too lost hope
My cheeks are naturally pink and I am NOT ok w it
Nobody wants me
My chest feels like going to explode
-I'm 19
-I like bts got7 bigbang. I don't hate on other groups
-I like memes
-I'm soft uwu
-I'm annoying
-You
bighit didnt listen to us but looks like other companies did... oh well its ok they
I'm a soft Stan
Wtf I'm reading
Monday
we had this Halloween
I be so tired
I wanna shoves these in my mouth
What are we talking about
no i know how it feels so i wouldn't wish it on anyone
My crush likes someone and they like him back..
I'm sorry
Ele jogou a fora... Meu Deus do
and look where it got him, you monster
The best part about being RM is that you get to hear the songs first.
Happy birthday to my favorite person Best wishes on your birthday love u 22 October
Its CRAZY I thought he get any more powerful
No back with Jenelle. He was in her most recent snap
Facts
sometimes having thick thighs/butt sucks
I read a sonic hentai when i was 12
On e621
I havent been on that site since
The worst thing I heard all day was that damn
omg why didnt she tweet a link to the stream this time
why do hate wdbwotv thats one of my favourite parts of the show
Hopefully I find a boo at my new neighborhood
I really love mark so much I hope sleeping at home peacefully knowing a fucking 19 y/o young legend
freelancing sucks when you have to work while being sick
Halloween movie had a horrible ending
Ugh, realize there was a deadline. Have to make sure to remember for next week
damn okay love u too.... I guess
too tired to get money
im tired of their demos and spoilers i want to buy their fucking music, take my whole money
HEY KOK ULANG TAHUN KITA DEKETAN SIH. KAMU NGGA NGASIH TAU.
us minorities were framed but ok
can my mutuals text back faster I want friends
Never been the type to run to social media with my problems but fuck, this is a different level of hurt
Damn the Nigga with the sad day lol
i love you sweetheart
I always think about this but if got7 actually has a fanmeet I PROBABLY WOULD GO BUT NOT MEET THEM MEET THEM IF THAT MAKES SENSE
We really need to step up our game to save more people.
Let's get this bread
anyone wanna give me $15 so i could go see mid90s
ask what I was looking at in the first picture but damn...... i really got a gut muffin top fupa
I hope tomorrow is better than what today was
wish i could say the same about my user
I hate this break up, I hate it so much - I mean I get why Oliver did it but I'm dying inside.
select touring sent out this email by mistake and my heart started pounding i thought it was a new tour
Not many things make me feel the same way as the Z does. I miss that thing
You & me both
NCT/Seventeen/Multi Groupchat!
-be 14 or
-PLEASE keep the gc alive i tryna have another dead gc
-I'm 19
-I like bts got7 bigbang. I don't hate on other groups
-I like memes
-I'm soft uwu
-I'm annoying
-You
i slept like 2 hours last night and i didn't go back to sleep so i can fix my sleep schedule i'm going bed, good night!!
Whenever I need someone the most they can never be there for me , but when they need me the first ear always hate how nice I am fuck
was finishing my kabab and i just help but appreciate it and how thankful i am for beef and lamb <3
NO ONE DOES THISSSSS. We know what tacos and burritos are
wooow all of the 3 ppl i talk to really aint on tonite thas cool ill b by myself as usual
I wish I had some more
My baseline is misery. I still feel like this is a bad dream that I wake up from
who's gonna let me hack their acc please im bored
Mean
When will the Baekhyun fingers account come back from the war
they rly do hate bts jesus christ
My acc was like 4 years old
Weird but possible dream
I love Monday!
*act fuck
Clearly I was made for bad decisions . I hate you
credit card over limit account
no BBW to keep me warm tonight and these nights are getting colder
We talk then
it be like that
Lrt thread is valid... Mayhaps
so my aunt didnt update me about the halloween rj plushie i asked her to buy for me
My heart is really broken
its all ie ever get but hey, thank you sweet angel :(( <3
5 days a week my body be so tired
if i can hack urs
here...
we forget.
They deserved better.
king gettin that bread
I really hate typing so long. But I need to voice out myself. Even did a quite observation for this.
I miss the mic forreal
have 2 chop it some point in 2019
Jade is sooo frustrating, just tryna love n appreciate you
I'm so hurt I knew I was unlovable
keep it to myself
i love them with all my heart
cant wait to engrave my words and love for are you just gonna call me a dumbass in it
still caught up on the fact my mom had me 16 years ago tho
Oof true
Bgrhyreheryhh please praying for you
kidding get pho with literally anyone gotta spread the vietnamese culture
The bread is getting harder to obtain
time to break free of this constant jack frost taeyong tings we deserve better
i still feel sick someone make it go away
Ian tryna deal wit this cold shit this week
i wouldnt mind some of blue bells ecoli rn
Miami at?!
buff maya stans bald edits.... what a queen
someone be soft with me
I wish it was that simple but it I blame the media for making everyone scared
good evening where are my mf friends
unfortunately yes
GG
27. More like because i couldnt choose
dumb bored
& we never got a full version
- doesn't think pigs are cute
stop i miss sws so much
its more important than ever to vote now
I drove all the way to rite aide for some mint n chip ice cream and all out
I feel so left out
Sadly, I'm not hyped and happy as I am before. I am forseeing this again as another lie
nvm i won't probably ever write it
I've been over thinking lately
not to be tjat annoying person but i canNOT FIND THIS can i get a link
I wish I was Jared
someone called me a fake gay for not listening to frank ocean today AND someone who likes frank ocean followed me perhaps i should listen
After my shower just gonna light some candles and read some of her poetry till I fall asleep
we should have listened to the logical part of our brains but we played ourselves
tell them we are all thinking of both the boys
You called my philosophy on your philosophy shallow. You basically just called me stupid
I miss sope
really lost for words yo
She said she don't know me anymore
so hard on myself ... not good at all
okay uh i guess not happening since i can NOT get my computer to work and it has all my pictures/videos
Where can I apply for a friend?
Feeling
Feeling like an outcast
hes such a motherfucking whore i just wanna tie him up and make him scream
just saw a video of that one guy from a bg and... i'm angery that i still find boys attractive from time to time
I should have saw it coming how can you be so blind with your eyes wide open
ima keep it real with you chief..
they're travis scott lyrics
why always the blushing emoji tho? and always with jungoo? why I'm soft?
I lost all my contacts so if I fw you, please text me your name
I wish he could express himself more and tell us when not okay instead of keeping everything to himself
Eu MT MT MT MT MT triste vsf
This heat was fuckin with my skin
And smoke with
Can't imagine a world without music
sad,, im no catfish so i cant see my child
she pout
Them????? Smh I do that my guy
anyone who listens to this song immediately falls in love with bts especially their outfis; female is future
I have no idea... I don't know anyone involved
My most sincere condolences, to all his family & friends, for thier & your sad loss Boxer.. Take
I'm sad tonight
Anyone else get insecure when a guy stops texting you like I know I ghost ppl all the time, but it still sucks
always known i love attention, especially from the most beautiful girl in the world
group dyyyy!!!!
me waiting for follow
Goodnight
Me: I really did wanted some though I was hungry.
oh but she did
I be life all wrong
they are off
When i have drill in okc and Jesse in Austin
Ostras, parece que alguien se ha
I gotta block the whole state of Florida now
Condolence
making fun of me bc im nd
Probably filling the wrong cavity
so much on my mind right now
Can recommend me music that kpop pls sick of listening to the same albums from 2005
whywould u lie to me likethst
I love you but I should be sleeping
come to Argentina
add another la date
i was talking about
I take french
he really what a flake
so tired
missing cherry taekook hours
They never said relationships would be easy
Enge nallathu pakkathula thaan Joseph school antha boyslam crct time kku vanthuduvanga gate kku
!?!?! your loss
imagine if this had a melanin version
what doing tomorrow: um Going To School and then Studying
nationality: american
Feel like something bad is approaching bcs I havent been doing things properly
Old hannah was funny
i had to
Probably consider coming to India .....
respect MY opinion
Herroo i hope this update is okay...blame for rushing me and saying there's no plot development
there are so many cringy things about me and perhaps liking twilight is one of them
Fuck the bread I'm tryna go home and sleep yee yee
i wanna see both
we goin to school
Youngstar didnt make the cut?
You think I know that? So now slow too? Wow you really have a way with words
Damn where my gym Bae at
I See how it is
employed? ik not
imagine missing out on GENUINELY loving seungkwan
Damn
Look at me complaining about work when lots of staff from my ex company still couldn't find work
Te hermosa, ya van a mejorar las cosas
We've got the Shantae bikini situation all over again.
Omfg how depressing! a rainy Monday morning and I also have a quiz but gotta be
yak registered
I really want some spicy cheetos
I better win
help a girl out
I miss her so
twitter quality
You be more wrong
i tried everything folks guess the busy life aint for me
Sorry I retweeted myself I just like that pic
is it me
why u photoshop ur face tattoos out
I be myself around you.
That's what I'd want...but no one even looks my direction.
ugh everytime he sings I think of how much I wanted to choke ella a few weeks ago
d-do you guys think worth it to turn in a paper that was due a month ago
My celebrity crush list is getting is so long
bYe why yes im not
Touched by an angel
offense taken
She has feelings for the husband
have work tomorrow and no one wants to do anything
take your tears
/||\
put 'em on ice
||
because I swear
Bro I even have time to watch my shows anymore
Why they give up on me ? I would have never gave up on them
My boo thang here to lay with me and give me kisses so be going to sleep very sad
Rule of thugs with as their gang leader. Farmers need to oust them.
imagine a remake with the two of them
Nala is in heat so she is going wild. any tips?
ready to go back to atlanta
anika is the only other member of jaemin nation besides me on my timeline
Having one of your own parents not want you will really mess you up.
I just want sum dick
I just want the ticket
damn not the favourite kid anymore
jk. kind of
love you dad, you did good raising us
i know
still convinced this is calum hood
We're too broke to pay
He is so beautiful
I WOULD DIE FOR YOU
he's so pure
I know! It makes me so sad not my little baby anymore
Currently
I see arsd gcs already
the money supply like the rest of us
i miss u also omg Who disssssssss
It be your own friends
If it said nct instead of bts this been perfect
I'm sorry but I think she is disrespectful
too late to order alfredo chicken pizza
Hunting High and Low sai da minha
yES HAHAVSGHSE is my new good enough or nah? Is weird?
Guess find someone else but I want no one else
i fumbled the bag when I procrastinated studying for chemistry
Wow i love getting spawn camped in turf war by the same 2 people .. i should just leave the game but i gotta.. challenge myself
I need someone who can be the Cloak to my Tfue
curly hair is so pretty omg i wish
this literally how my school look like
Is it not supposed to be hot in Durban today?
I miss my girl
thank you!! it hasn't been THAT long since my last art has it??
time makes fools of us all..
i hope someone thinks my legs are pretty
Ken is right 9-5 tmrw
so am i why i buy it
please play queen
Missing you
you wanna try having kids w a female?? i'll volunteer
Said I was leading u on now fuck me n leave u alone
He can't take hints
sorry
If one thing I could wish for it would be a cure for my migraines
sameee i fucked with her music but i truly lost respect with smh
what about why?
Noooooooooo!
will be old by then.
Smh it be your own sister
please perform because i had you my favorite
Bro got two chicken breasts in a pot of water on the stove
It is unbelievably sad, so sorry to hear of your loss, words are so inadequate, grieving with you in spirit...
so fucking emo rn this was at the la show
Gotta take Charlee to vet extra
they took Tblac away frm me during my birthday month tht's something i'll never forget !
maybe one day be good enough
sometimes I feel like I'm not
meant to be loved or will ever
be loved by someone
a bitch even celebrate Halloween and still wants one
idk where mine is
When up, up but when down rough asf
Damnit something I would do
Not sure if I can bring myself to watch it
unjust at its worse
i get what oceanside needed to do and more power to them but i really liked character and wanted to see more of her
when you broke, you come up with new meals like noodles on bread or hot dogs and syrup..
liar
oops, sorry
Tired of wasting my time
When you sleep as good without your love beside you.
wyatt: breathes
tyler: hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a girlfriend i bet
rt to be in jacks fat toes
-TAKE A JOKE
-stan jack avery
-be a fat toe
-be nice
Barely breathing
Overthinking
so crushed
this one
have a good night queen
Sike! All in there is my charger(i have a spare) and a face mask sksksks i work tmmrw so ill just get it then
A house with this view, please.
Please hurt me sorry I take back what I said just hurt me
can you believe stanned you for like 5 years and i still been able to see you live
Help me, i'm Old and dumb.
today I did better than yesterday
i prefer sizeable fandom with tighter relationship better than big fandom with toxic people and mess here and there
Never got to carve a pumpkin
I still get scared if it rains too hard...Katrina has me all messed up
dying to hear when ready
yeah but king princess really hurt me with 1950
awful that missing out for the shittest of all reasons be on many minds.
hey, are u playing perfectly wrong and because i had you? please say yes
this has been the shortest weekend ever, I need another day
I suffered last winter I wanna do this again
i need you to come to north carolina so i can see you on tour
46. ice cream and milktea even tho i'm lactose intolerant
47. coffee makes me sick but i drink for the taste
Why people always reading the wrong dictionary
omg who's keyana dating
I like this bag. Where can I get one?
wow the government does listen to you
I think be able to when I went to school donate 75% of the food to homeless shelters
i cant help it my eyes have seen it all at this point it even matter
Are you still a Virgin yea havent been popped
ik i wish u would have atleast got one
Exactly the situation in right now
damn who is this cutie
Wanna say just how I feel but know how you will take it
one of those clowns I guess
stop stealing my lines but you right
idk the cutest, Minseok or Jongin
fake! I even have a man.... I want one either!
the only plans that never work out is a productive day
Not have Bullying Flashbacks But I end up having them And End Up Tearing Up At Night
I really want to go see Halloween but nobody is down
sounds pure
is that true
hoseok i miss my baby
Sorry we all dont have friends to lend us ogs
Give me strength to continue
S/o scout bc her song slaps tbh
i have retired from that lifestyle i go back
I sleep without the background noise of William telling 26 stories
it looked like her soul left her lil body
Lest we forget! These are the names of the 796 children buried in septic tanks outside the Mother and Baby Home
No state fair for me this year
sorry
It sucks when you love someone but they love far away from you
I Hope Instagram Armys cooperate
I'm so sorry for your loss
I swear not toxic, just got a dark sense of humor
Sorry cy if gwapo kag penmanship
Not being able to talk to him is hard man
Please cure my eyebag and dark circles away. Singapore
too scared to be angery on the tl bc i dont wanna offend anybody
Why people find anything to be pressed over and attack someone now n days, what happened to everyone being layed back and taking a joke
My celebrity crush list is getting so long
She died
Maybe I should just stop trying ... Since it seems like putting in all the effort and getting nothing in return
Keke why don't you love me
wait, no, brooke is still watching, so nvm.
i love alex with all my heart wbk
marknahyuck content where tf you at
i wouldn't complain
You went back to what you knew...
So far removed from all that we went through.
doesn't he know his tweets have consequences
We know how much u love him.. Rest in peace
am i save
2018 and all girls still cheat
He almost had it
Mutuals from my other acc please come through
Ohhhh Lana! I miss her
She is stunning with a beautiful heart
Something normal in this world but a special day in our country
proud of my motherland and I love this flag
follow me king
We miss the old caleb bring him back the on that didnt play fantasy football Tf up
i guess not
Just messaged the crush. believe I got to that. Jeg savner han syndssygt
u should send me stuff pls im desperate
I know nothing about fortnite been exposed but as long as he does the dances that is an acceptable alternative
I miss all my friends on here.
You are going to rolling loud without me
Sad hours
pandora radio gave and and gave and never asked for anything in return I will never forget her kindness
gonna pop my some accutane and call it a night
nendriod sasuke takde
then ig you dont love me and ethan
Deactivate muna ng Fb account.
Apparently fake
Take me back to the night we meet.
I wish I deleted those slideshows. All those perfect memories....just gone
I miss this soo much times were simpler back then
OKAY ME TOO. I wanna bleach my eye balls
they were like what up cr*ckers
i know you would beat my ass if i did
beanie wants to come out of the cage but then id have to Close the windows
i will do it for her... time for us to Roast
Shsjsksk I mean u said it IM PLAYIN, I would never say those things, I believe u would accuse me like that
Is it official?
I wanna be pretty
Maybe me
just going through it right now, and I have NO one to talk to about it.
you know? I was so close
smh those were the days man
so so sorry Kenz I wish I could help you feel better
Night
People out here really thinking I am but I am just sad and relatable
Exhausted
I wish I could take back everything
i have the worst skin its the snapchat filter that covers it iwouldnt post selfies otherwise
Oh no
Oof must be me sorry.
been suddenly active af on my personal ig cause I feel like a disappointment on my art acc
my dog doesnt even love me ,. she just runs onto my stomach lays there for 3 min and leaves
I wish that attack was photoshopped smh
Wished I coulda been at that nuggets game tonight.
I have seen things
gonna be the to my this fall
you know when you can tell when someone gets sick of ur shit. the worst
Tomorrow is going be so different
Vanitas: hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he
are you gonna play queen on tour? please say yes!!
* apologies for misspelling the Mayor's name! Mea culpa
you shut him up with kisses injunnie
thread on how me and always on sum kind of shit
i wish you was a choice
Financial break through God
thanks
working but can't
Almost every time I give a massage the woman tends to fall asleep and playtime ends.
But if she's happy, I'm happy
Still sad that I won't be buying myself a Christmas gift this year. I've been planning to buy that since last
oh no die on me like that
This was my slug
fake apparently
PARA
i easily attract paisas
tired of being touched
I FINISHED BOTH OF MY ESSAYS BEFORE 12:00 AM,, THANK GOODNESS
lmao i give up sorry for being annoying to but not to shawn because he annoys me too
started craving tea and starbucks closed 4 mins ago
Have u ever felt so sad but you know causing it
Bich this is my personality trait
why almond milk so good
Oh yeah I forgot and no problem!
I miss my boo who my boo
Muy cierto
Kinda want to go home sleep for the rest of the week and try again next week
really trying to not beat myself up, but my demons are getting the best of me tonight
Night twitter. been grounded
na take me fr
Mood: I miss Yuzu and his sparkly-frills-ass-being-extra-af-gala hijinks
Santino
Why female rappers just rap about being promiscuous? Might as well wear blackface
Damn, this made me sad
Sometimes I wish I never met you just so I could meet you later on in life where i know everything would've been perfect
i just wanna live on a minecraft farm with my friends is that too much to ask
Sadly I agree
Lo siento Junmyeon tiene mi
Damn we barely met yesterday and you so bad wish I could get with you why did you have to get with my homie!
this was 16 yr old me still is
Crackheads,, my jacket is wet bc I spilled a whole glass of water on it
Girl have you seen what Princess does to a mouse in the backyard?!? slow and it pretty
I love you and I miss you I love u too and same I miss u
Good afternoon! sorry for the late reply. How was your day going, Jen?
Before Halloween even arrives gonna theme my Twitter for Christmas! (Because we actually celebrate Halloween here )
I just wish I had more people that I could really talk to rn
this how it really be
Yea but im tired of getting this bread
Wish I could be of much help as you are to me sometimes
The Twitter let me.
feeling low
oh he GOING going thru it
wow wow wow been so long since blessed our screens. well besides s4 but still
music without vocals tends to make me sleepy and music with vocals diverts my concentration so its just
Austin was so cute. He was geeking out that he was in Austin. Oh, I miss him!
I remember to pump but forgot to pump
I miss old anon Twitter
what a cute baby I'm so happy for you, taehyungie
afraid not
omg can u believe that following someone who ships bakudeku is like the most problematic thing ever
You really never know the last time going to see someone My heart aches !!RIP Pathy
What a fucking weekend
videos of these specific types of parrots make me miss my parrot I fuckin miss marco he was the shit
why dont we? more like why dont we SIN
no
I didn't really get a good night's sleep... My mind is too preoccupied.
I remembered to pump but forgot to dump
I want to carve a pumpkin so bad
This is why I remember my body count
been eating fast food and not proud
hard missing someone in heaven and you having that emptiness in your heart without them
8. fact about my personality: i'm pretty shy and quiet sometimes
u leave us so fast
just one
Out here buying clothes all happy and but get sad when I see my bank account
They were really in cedar park, but I'll just let it be.
i love this video so much
so people really hate one of the many songs that got me into 5sos
stop is still a bop!
We can never control anyone outside ourselves.
Really just want addy & Cg
i know
Well it hurt u if u typed BTS world Game
I don't know what any of this means
....... just there??
change my icon at least
48. One word: Nonexistent. Really, I wish not socially awkward
Kulgam killing
Shutdown in Kashmir Valley
the best player in the world is so kind and generous to us unskilled folk
mfs b like sleep on mic wifff meeeee okay IG
Now I think 23 years is enough for me I think I live enough. I think I can't be a year older. There's no point
yeah it was
they really said fuck android users again
imagine being 18 yrs old and still acting like a child
PAJAK APA ORANG GAGAL
everyone better appreciate my last year here
I literally pray to God I don't have to thru this again.
it is im gonna cry again omg shkfjwkd
Will whatever doin pay off
omg done if I already in bed and my handwriting so hideous
u know why i think i heard jack say doody in an interview once im so disappointed i thought we
u got him
I wanna match layouts with somebody
I guess single again
Sorry, sister. My mom went to a meeting last night. She said it was rough.
i really wish k-on! had a halloween episode bc i really want my icon to be mugi in a wotch costume
Is it even worth it?
omg yeah let me see the pride part please help a fellow senior graduate
Crying in the club now
Oh God. Seems everyone is using this joke. I thought I was so cutting edge & original.
HES WONDERFUL
JSKDNDKDDK MY SISTER JUST STEPPED ON the back of her shoes And was like is how taehyung wears his thousand dollar SLLDDK
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
i have to take a test tomorrow kms
Well, we had a good run.
i really wish k-on! had a halloween episode bc i really want my icon to be mugi in a witch costume
Okay just be prepared for the disappointment when his horse face shows back up on her stories
1 like = 2 answers PLS DONT LET ME FLOP
Idk what this says
A dude that fell off
Also
user
responded to comment on instagram roseanne is doing charity work such a good soul
Uff
i miss the boys so much
oh my gosh ur right i dont even know what that means i cant believe he would promote SIN !!
Crazy what drugs do to a person and how much it changes somone
48. One word: Non-existent. Really. I wish not socially awkward
Sanitarium
||\_
Leave me be
\
|| \_
Ooooh right good but pretty overrated lol almost had an identity crisis there for a second
Comparto tu dolor!
Happiness is all I need, and that's all.
did shawn leave? sad yeehaw
any of mine? I have and and many more.
As soon as I have any time to think I overthink and panic about death
Sucks that my parents are in the country, but they visiting me
Of course, after that I really did have to say bye, and that's never easy but it was a great weekend and he was as wonderful as always
absolutely me rn. Late night feelings, buddy.
when your favorite mangaka finally posts on twitter but its just more cod killstreak videos
I see how I do everything wrong in your eyes
I wish u understand someday
9. what i really hate about myself is that i procrastinate way too much for my own good
10. what i love about
wondering when will follow me
Didn't know that boi was in town
Sobrang sakto? Was just thinking about it. Decisions in life, an ex, tapos how my college life was. Tama ra
Ayudalo a volver a casa
seul org penting..but kesian thise yg kena buang how they going to survive..lg2 kali ade family
Up... sick
not the one IN it trying to help the person in it SKDBDK but yea yikes
I have been so sick the past couple of days. I have no appetite and feel super grossed out anytime I try to eat anything.
i wish i had someone to come home to every night
u got it LUCKY for me it's right when school starts
Bye twitter
My truck sounds like bad
we stan a bottom king
stocking shit
SKSHSKS a very big account help and STOP not intimidating
your header My future
I really be out here like
I need to start hugging my friends more often
i almost died but u say shit
It might birf
Youre right sorry Mr.hypebeast im just jealous because I buy my shoes and clothes at CiCis pizza
I wish I was with him rn
call him my bestie too
its been a whole year he really kept it down
why u retweetin
Of course your not Mads your your own self I'm sorry I know you can get through it please be strong
a big mood
Te tanto
intimidated by all my new mutuals in general
Aren't we all
are you only saying that for nudes
Craving Sprinkles cupcakes.
You know Cos men are scum!
See how each of his babies cheered him up?
why did the rockets lose
another carat stolen by nct farewell I'm still a carat......fuck y'all on???
LMAOOOO what did me and David turn u into
follow me, please
i legit talked to cal the whole day and suddenly she hates me
Im so weak
Ohhhh wtf broooo
i miss you i wanna hug you forever
i seen shawn in so long and i know when seeing him next this is a crime
EU QUERO FOFOCA VAMO vc dorme pq nao me aguenta
Mau ngambek !
i figured it out
No that's brockhamptonology
WHAT this about fucking with a girl thats got a boyfriend
making fun of my name
-spd hinoka broke my jakob rate at least i can focus on kliff now
jikookers are hella fed these days when will taekookers ever get to breathe
One day
Oh no!!!!!!! I miss her too. not sure how I feel about the new Jordan yet.
iknow this feeling
I met the finest guy last night. I wish I hear him talk
k ima hop back into the dead bc like I have to do school stuff and Sunday
my vs learning most members without trying
I do hate you btw
I really felt like myself in the past couple days
11:11 crushie
why am I even like this
i live in cali tho
I HAVE to turn of notifications, I saw this and thought I actually had someone in my dms for once
Watch issa have a whole folder
Loooool I feel like ppl are annoyed with my unwarranted rants I guess
Lmao avxry lol and check out what I tagged u in
going offline please yell at me to study if you see me here hobi is so cute egg boi
a fic mo
making sure hayley has a meal today since after laughter flopped
bro tryna go to sleep and asking nicely
why do all my bitches leave me
It has been a rough day...
I work all day tomorrow
all i want is the best for you
I tried
Lost for words
you called me a pretzel
being bwitish tonite
I will get better but I will always miss her deep down hoping she will return. I don't know who I pray to but I pray for her.
I had a dream my crush and I started a dark synth band together
Asi quiero estar con alguien before the family events
People be like: I don't bully people, I'm a really nice person, sis we know under all that makeup you got lies a resting bitch face
topping for love
ako i need u SKSKSKSKS bili ka din neto pra twinning tayo!!!!
seem to be a little down lately and I like this feelin not a good one
You took it to far
making a video for my friend and her bf jungkook but not going well
RT baticholo11: PARA
this is exactly what i want to say pero ayokong magmukang attention seeker or whatever u may call me
Ah it's a Thursday.. I can't even go pls make it available on streaming sites like Netflix etc
nothing that feels better than your mom holding you when sad
You damn near right
Have you forgotten that child you adopted?
Cause that child is me
pls follow me
ill stop breathing
Me and rosie probs be back till end of July
c r u e l.... mono is coming in a couple of hrs, why would you say this now
:/
the passive aggressiveness,,, grow up perhaps
Hyunsiks high pitched voice is literally tempting and it makes me feel things mood i want to hear it more often
How dare my mom not answer my phone call so that I could tell her about my day
a victim of bullying
Im not strong. marupok ako x52
follow me back
How I wish you were be able to react to the trailer of Legacies I cut the thumbnail off due to spoilers
Im kidding tho I had a feeling it was coming but I send the video cuz of it
that girl with the glasses seems so nice I feel bad for her
Why did God have to make life so hard
When you eat with your eyes rather than your stomach limit
ilyt!! and why yes i do but my depression and anxiety is preventing me from sleep im sad and
Man
Mood she has such lovely design AND flower aesthetics too
Shcmon sis even I knew this
It said it process it three times before the site actually crashed ed
i love u the most <3 even though i act like an asshole most of the time im actually not,, i secretly have a soft spot for u
when dodo said i know that you nasty baby oh i felt that i know that i'm nasty
5-12 on mondays
i so would if i had the money
How I wish you were be able to react to the trailer of Legacies I cut the thumbnail off due to
Jin really asked us to please look forward to his song on the next album as if I name my first child after it
Hey there. I am a uni student.
This is what happens in my day.
At 10am I am -
At 12pm I am -
At 2pm -
I was halfway to chick fil a until I remembered the day of the lord
Need to write this essay but my grandma hop off my dick
My dinners since BTS like digging their hands into my pockets
my card was declined and now i know how to act
C-cicay?
I'm hoping for some smut in this or I'll cry
i have ten bruises from all of kicks.
Someone lend me their hulu account
Sad boi hours
theme** sorry guys i forgot how to type properly
Yo por miedo no pongo tweets
ill try
be humble
I really wanna go to the Bomba Estereo concert
i lose follower everytime i tweet somethin
Hate when I take my horse girl to my farm and eyeing my horses the whole time
lmao for a second i forgot i was testing hoseok
i mean facts tho
gn. i'll be back in a few hours.
fine af sorry
My booty looks so small in this
tru they want to cause more depression on us dummies so we leave and their test scores go up
I drank so much milk but it never worked maybe have a growth spurt
We really especially the amount of hate he gets after everything he have done.
mj hinted at november this rly is the first year im looking forward to after october omg
I hate when everyone treats me like trash all in one day bc I constantly feel like shit and I just feel down all day
te amo, love me back please
exactly
I prefer number twoooo yieeeee.. literally suck at managing my time
how it be man
almost been a year and I still believe it
Been with the Chits ! Days
Ugh our humble queen has just been humiliated
what did winwin deserve to be 17th
we busy getting that degree
kick a black nigga down a hole like 300
going ia for a while
my condolences Jah
;-; wish u all the best, RIP
so brave for sharing your story
w-why would u want to unsee
Tired Af
sorry leftists.. im a neolib now
i i suddenly imagine you running around the field while carrying your laptop but jokes aside,
i wish you would find your chill
take care
guess i should take this as a sign
dropping this again before i sleep
i need more sims 4 cc
Reality still kicked in
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss ya
I love you so much you will never understand.
lost 2 soldiers already always in my heart
bullying is not okay
Ugh seeing vids like this makes me want to become vegetarian
Hahaha my biggest craving today
the disappointment i get from this is worse than my grades
Richie Deville was in it if that helps
god please make it happen
.. okay
DONT have s*x !! i cant believe why dont we doesnt promote abstinence i cannot
We lost him boys
If I reveal a dormant part of myself to you why would you abuse it... it was dormant for a reason...
Can't even buy apple fruit
Sometimes it really do be like that tho
Honestly same
When Chief Keef said, like my bitch conceited I felt that shit
the only cutie I see
i know i was kidding wait until goblin au is finished my power knows no bounds
these foolish things remind me of you
Sooo who wants to see Halloween since APPARENTLY I have to go with other people
fuck it calling a grab not gg to risk looking like a sweaty and disgusting mess on the first day of Os
My heart
I miss my Netflix
dear guy at party yesterday who i had a huge crush on and still@have a slight crush on.... pls ruin my life
The feels
worst procrastinator watch my grades drop so low omg
Have one.. I think
never be enough be realistic
can sope please come back from war
really cannot believe this is happening
love their music, but none of their lyrics stick out to me
I wish I can
Fuck I lost my second pair of headphones
I want to be negative anymore.
muito bacaninha
I felt that
My heart
so I couldn't help but notice we were supposed to get married today and we did not OH NO!! ok get
I always get super sad when my dad has to leave out of town for work
i accidentally threw my fav lip balm away smh i hate being a dumb girl
Clearly a joke I even got itcon me
tomorrows the last day to register to vote if you have registered pls do so!!!
I felt this
i should wash my dishes but ion wanna get up
Cause you entrusted me with the key to your heart
aww :( im free on thursday since i dont have class but then... tickets told u i dont have the luck
I should be asleep but send me something please
I'm hungry i haven't taken my breakfast yet. Lunch na!
A Different angle , (boop boop)
Getting nut in your hair is the most awful thing
Tomorrow in da afternoon maybe I have to sleep early for work
No I have an iron deficiency
Okay thank you for your time
don't make me send you what you already know i'm gonna send you
daaaang I get an assist? Smh
There is never nothing to do on Sunday night
I wish heaven had visiting hours this one person dying to talk to I just need her to tell me okay
I want that friendship back!
My junior season is really almost over
Hoy
when is marina dropping new music
All I want as a gift for my birthday is follows but I think its impossible
Tired of feeling like this
i was in a little phase.... people change
Sonic 4
I blame sammi for bringing this on my tl
bh really said fuck everyone before NY huh heard sister live
Putting everything aside to save what I want , but what I want to save doesn't want me .
is green fever subbed yet its been ages and im tired of waiting
Bows are straight buns right now; even one of their 5 stars are outclassed by 4 stars right now
miss you
I should go on a diet
um hello why does poptropica look different... kinda sister sad.... rip to my childhood
Kinda Need A Graphic Designer Around Me All Day
ikr i was fed up with hiding the headphone wire
We need to work harder
I felt this
have ice cream what the fuck man
socially awkward
snatched my wig and used the leftover whispies to make a look out of it
AS MARIAS NO MEU ROSTO
True, i mean people are not deaf they know what is pleasant to the ears and what is not so...
Rip his stubble pray he shows mercy on November
Nope, it's not gonna work out yet. Gotta wait
i'm oKAY NOW SENDERNIM WHO I THINK I KNOW BUT I'M NOT SURE I'M SORRY FOR MAKING U WORRIED
His little leggies oh
on my way to the airport now. Going straight to work when I land
get out of my house, son
Feel ya, Mr. Squier. Absolutely feel ya
Last week it was Hill with 3 PrimeTime TDs. This week Hunt.
at least I can still run
So you got a man now?? umm.. yes? as my header... LMAO
shawn follow me pleathe
I thought this was your private at first tbh, i am glad you are back though. I hope you are comfortable though
i would, i love u
I knew brother nature was too good to be true
i just saved
really out here disrespecting big man Bibble like this
bts breathed hhdfhhddhdf
Just one of those nights shake this feeling.
a while ago in an interview i didn't save the picture tho
i cant see on night mode sigh
not as into kakuzu hours sorry for my lack of service
it really has been 3 months since seen my loves monsta x hey I miss you ! see you soon
usually how it works
I even know what to say but im sorry you have to go through this
sorry taken
resting
instead of saying go away tate gonna say away whenever he bothers us
lacy works too i guess even though not my name
Nothing is worth it nowadays
yes rting sugar daddy posts i need money okay
it was when i wanted to whore around and be antisocial
both her and juggernaut
oomf a nowin anti
Wish I could wear it but too small on me
yep and the uk
Painsomnia for the last 90 mins and now feeling sick with tired and the pain
Bruh my mf legssss been a phat min since i went to a concert ): today was so fun tho soooo idc
bro not even tired anymore smh
either cheating or getting rebounded
cold in my room my toes are curled
I really need sum chicken wings rn
Thanks for the retweet girls. I just want to bring my mum to live here where she belong.
they always be saying cute shit and put me back on my bullshit
Oh how I wish this were true for me. This Aquarius is doubtful.
this acne needs to GO asap
My most used emoji used to be n now its
NOOOOOO
FOLLOW &
i miss my bff
twitter be
A beautiful soul gone too soon
I know
so confused, what do you want?
yeah i know thAts like rlly messed up of me
does anyone wanna rabbit a spooky dcom?
Spent my time till 5am rewatching concert videos in my cameral roll. I miss bangtan
i'm bored
Good night world, its sad to know the MV and the q&a will happen while I sleep
enemies to lovers au he bumps into yoongi doing the same thing and fights over the last kids meal
hungry..... Too late to eat or leave the house tho
A nigga who mad he hit nomo
we stan
hi follow me shawn
Feeling kinda shitty about myself. I have to pick myself up, because crying about it wont fix my problems. One day at time
Quiero abrazar a Richard
I need my own place
Only if I can convince her to take it. She do late work.
Oof I even have a card and like slightly older than you
sorry na
I get over this whole Rick Grimes final episodes thing Michael
I just wanna be done with nigga but I also don't wanna be alone
I feel so empty
ew stop disrespecting us
poner el screenshot de la campanita
im sowwy oomfie pwease yeww at mwe :(
i fell 4 someone and now i know what it feels like to be like all these other mortals
always loved you play w my emotions
my dad never even wish me a happy birthday
i feel extra grateful for him today he comforts me like no one else.... i admire tht man to hell n back n he's
Sadness and sorrow si pega
Us thicc boys need to stick together
/()\
/ \
taeyong rlly got me feeling huh
Lowkey mad I have anymore chips , Got no type of snacks
SKAKJDKAKF SHUT UP when im at work i have to write he stuff im thinking on my hand or i forget
They're lyrics i promise guys
I really be out here like
i was a respected member of stan twitter until i was exposed for being the worst thing ever.. a bakudeku
Fall break went by so fast
I wish we had more time
Wish I had somebody on the other controller
Rip
missing yoongi hours: open
- thx for the unfollow puthie just kidding BUT i love you with my whole ass body and i miss you SO MUCH n
armeries are toxic look at their behavior
i still want it in my life so he won
Thank you !
i can't believe this rip sarang
probably as u can see now, im a terrible person
thank you
Es con besitos
proud of you making it for that long
not about the time anymore I just miss watching her grow up fuck fuck fuck
I honestly miss being hyped with y'all
Bring back Navaratri.. I miss posting 'color of the day' story
Sad boy hours
he Is i was joking
pls dont be mad at me shawn stans i literally stanned him earlier this year
I want a black leopard please
maybe I'll be happy when sagittarius season comes around
dorm life is hard
if I post this art will care? not fandom related but a vamp girl
Seo Taiji hyungnim, I'm so sorry
Throwing this out into the universe because this feeling sucks.
miss you. Going from talking to you
Sorry. Too sad. Can't bezakan bitter or funny
I can not live without you
She doesn't even know she's hurting me a friend thought i only wanted her for like.. a fling or
Why this so funny for u guys?
For me this is kind of mean.
ngeles aja
the video in question included none of those
Also I have the worst headache rn
Twt please respond
we going through it hoes
already having gusher withdrawals 1 like = 1 prayer
oomf rly out here being flawless
Silly
Nah Fr better days coming tho
But still nothing!!
Why lyrical lemonade long sleeves always sold out
rose also saved my life she bought me cheese fries and mozzarella sticks and rolled ice cream
Been tryna get this same bread for so long that the bread expired
also, wifi
I think close to 1k
It's amazing
they like ... in the basement
probably more heartbroken than Ranbir is. I shipped and I still ship Ranbir and Deepika
I wish I knew how to dance lmaooo
Bet it was her
yoongis tear era hair was cute are just mean
They always say good things never last and I know because I been broke ...
Thanks comrade.
it was lowkey a banger
I, I, I,
/||\_
Know you gotta leave, leave, leave
\
|| \_
rip in peace loonachild
I don't draw pokemon but when I do it's for my OCs
state of grace exists
my fat ass really thought these were chicken tenders
i want to be 19
What other types/genres/artist do y'all listen to? I'm curious please don't leave me hanging
/ if this is not wifey, talk to me
When u dont want to get down walmart cause yr jammin to
which one
rip to everyone who has my post notifs on just wait until I become so annoying that you drop me as a mutual
tired of waking up early for school guys idk how imma get through tomorrow
Popularity based identity
bet gorgeous tho loVE YOURSELF FIRST UWU!!
Hopefully my phone fry once I charge it cause of all the water it has inside
LOOK AT THIS. LOOK AT THISSSS. i can feel myself getting crosseyed
Alas, I was a victim of one of these these atrocities
SOMEONE rt me onto shawn's timeline
i know u but gonna be praying for ur poor poor asshole rip
bey and shekinah only terrorize me ! can they find a NEW victim im just enjoying life
I miss my best friend so much
People say okay to cry but when does the crying stop.
Feeling completely alone, why did things have to end up like this?!
you're right
Being mentally tired is a whole other ball game and fucking exhausted. Giving up just sounds so easy right now..
guess going on an unfollow spree
Why you do that with me already
wish i had a significant other to wash my hair for me
That's what I'm so afraid of... that it's gonna be too hard for me too but she's very understanding
Saturn in first
How do i tell someone that i like them without being awkward bcause i dont know
You're welcome. My previous acc was suspended i had to create a new acc can you please support
You're not alone in that regret
they had to keep the if ur happy and u know it clap ur hands
One of the films I regret for not watching in theater was
Tagal
Sus abrazos por siempre van hacer mi lugar favorito.
My dose.
I hate being a girl just wanna be cuddled all night
Damn. been doing so good too
If only I could afford it.
Im try to go twice a month, but unfortunately a lingering back issue is keeping me off the lanes
just so know...imma post about my weird language partners...bc i have nowhere else to talk about it
I hope the man was removed from the flight. He deserve or have the right to fly and fell superior to any one. What a sad man.
sorry for the essays omg
This is shameful and disgusting ladies I'm sorry there's some people out there that do these things... Watch
thats cute bro
I should just go to sleep
I lie i miss the old you
do anything for my family eats me up when down
I really like the sun idea but idk, "love yourself" seems like an important message
jimin at it with his v line again
i don't have, can you give some?
Im sorry for not being who you wanted. You'll never know how much I tried..
such a weirdo for cats
come and see me for once
Damn so r00d I see
I kept the video of tbe alcohol up but the bj one had to go
|| if I don't get to the edits y'all can cancel my existence
tryna go to slee
i want who volunteers
Omg so tired
at least consistent i suppose
ugh you too sweetie
i want a harry hoodie
me an hour ago wanting to get my apple music subscription renewed :
i just think of plots but am not a writer
im not surprised at all ur rly just yoongi except femdom
Just want those friends I can raise my babies with...
steph really beat me up today
Hand over a dollar slip it right in my pocket for a good cause get my blessings
We really need bnha back we've been a mess without it
if ur a mutual pls tell me when i add back yeet
already stan i just talk about them that much jfjdjs
Why are u so mean
WTF ARE WE TELEPATHIC bc i was thinking about that moment today omdjdj i miss daewon sm
Also he still made me finish my education
why is it a half mullet its annoying me
I miss so much.
Well hungry too
im getting soft for blank PLEASE throw a brick my way
so poorly
truly devastated their makeup artists do their makeup like this
Joey deserves the world
wow that was the last time he dated...
I hate this so much...
it be like that
"thingy" shdhdhshs elaborate
Why u be like this man ok win next time
if tmwr isn't a better day i swear i'm going to cry more
I need you I dont know how to find message boards on wattpad lmao I feel like a granny
will the real slim shady PLEASE stand up
beatles fans need Krishna george teach them anything smh
you only have ONE mouse that must be so nice
boa i miss the last guy i was talking to
All you gotta do is act fucking right
De noite...
why are you so jota
voted on what? what did i miss?
your head lost my mind, from shake, shake, shake shake a shakin it all the
me when I joined that gc and scared armeries
Aghhh dang, ruins the meme
things it be like = this
HSJSHSSH i want to@buT im afraid cube is never gonna let them out of that basement hhh
I have a short attention span okay.
really not ready for Kelly to leave
i already KNEW always felt like hoseok is who i relate to and joon is ideal type which. TOO ACCURATE
noone would take him seriously anymore he's just known as "tiktok guy"
I honestly thought its Saturday
On god bro
The like, last 2 bags of popcorn made burnt to a crisp
was gonna draw but i need to get closer to my desk to draw comfortably and if i try to scoot up leave
I was looking forward to arguing with my English teacher but we are writing an essay instead
omg wait blank followed me back & i didn't think she actually would
some typos are just typos... n other typos do damage
but there are a LOT of people who don't deserve that edit button yk
U really think i have the energy to find it
worry, bud. My old tweets are coming back to bite me in the ass these days, too.
only seen the first movie
Hurting on the low but I'ma always keep it g
Ted , Ted.. sigh
How you going to be representing for acting like this man? better than that.
lrt h h h hot pot.. they love hot pot still
Daniel hear me out tho imagine what we gotta hear from dodger fans if they win
What do u take me for?
Why are the Cowboys trash man
srry
para hacer este trabajo
No te vayas
been lacking braincells for quite a long time now....we need to pity them and start donating
i wish i had friends but like i hate socializing so like rip me
Instead of a Lpds I got a yeehaw
>: D hel yeah...... doppo is my fav i think but what can i say i really like myself a good salaryman
I have to stay up until like 4 am I have to wake up at six
It was unlisted anyways
These days have difficult for me
not all of us
Slays
Tusi emotional krdiya dear
Thank you so much
Means a lots for me
You are so sweet krits one of
where are you guys.. i gotta reach 40 tweets before they flush me down
pan pleathe
sarang passed away today, dog friend for about 18 yrs maybe thats why he look so sad yesterday
it
mood
physiotherapist
the replies acting like op actually did something with this... embarrassing
My uncle has more nicknames for me than my dad does I wanna hear my dad call me and flacka too
no i have a double ear infection and my left ear is completely blocked
I want a baby boy
depression.... enjoy it for me
it happens to the best of us
Girl bc choosing to be ignorant about Mexican food here
When open the SC that I sent to her
Especially the ones I produced but we good were still growing. You have to build power.
The things I would do to read this shit.....,,
im abt to head to sleep but like this tweet of youre actually reading the au
I got SO excited! but I'll wait. Good luck on your exams! BTS knows we need
ok at least my direct deposit will look cute
po desculpa
Don't want to go back!
i was there too
sorry
it really do b like that sometimes.
this has a bunch of impressions but flopped
What in hell is going on here
God I know we will never understand your timing, but please give us some clarity on it. Such a young soul, gone too much too soon
im sorry for my sins
A husband life bw home n office
You make it sound boring
Oh sorry Just block whoever it is. There are some men who are like that & got nothing to do with their life. Sad truth
please say sike
my probably gonna walk into my room and ask porque huele tanto a perfume haha
dasar dodol
mrs. obama been an absolute honor
Unfortunately physics
ITS BETWEEN HER JINSOUL HEEJIN OR OLIVIA HHHH IDK
my man
crush and thirst anons in cc sounds nice
Anyways good night to the only man I can trust these days
I'm gonna treat myself today. I havent done that in a while
cap sun/moon sag rising no wonder people hate me
My teacher outta line for having us watch a Fault In our stars this movie is Heartbreaking for real
rt if they should stop playing this stranger
ugh yes you're so smart
Acoustic version
Idk next
wow its been a hot year since been on here
idk who to trust
I guess fine sigh
if i have to be sad while looking at the lovely fanart then i guess i wanted everyone to be sad too
his tiny waist tho
Drop the link sis
Idk what to eat. I only got coupons to certain places
mei you snapped with this one
What u post
This bed feel The Same without her in it
I don't have that strong feeling anymore I only can give one heart not two anymore, I'm still dissapointed hope
gays how does one: restart their life
sighs did you at least ask for her name?
Morning shifts are easier than afternoon shifts
I ate all my tacos
i should probably update my carrd
come cuddle and watch Harry Potter with me weenie See I told that my girlfriend only calls me a weenie
What a disservice to their beauty.
sarang passed away today, dog friend for about 18 yrs maybe thats why he looks so sad yesterday
it
Omg stop vaguing me gonna send my minions after you
Twitter keeps deleting the likes and rts on BTS tweets
dang
Woyy gue demen nih lagu
see you all after class
Yes please
My eyes are really rotting
This is literally what I feel and look like rn after doing drugs and eating crap all weekend
Just yelled at 15 to get to sleep. Asked if he needed me to cuddle him like when he was too.
i kinda miss that
and by kids i mean nct.
kalo beli ots kayaknya harus full payment
everyone has the tae pfp i wanna use
i acknowledge the error in my ways
I be fucking up man
Can someone reply with Hyuck and Jaemin? I need it
Same
If you get to see Shawn Mendes then I hope you know how blessed you are
If you leave me on seen without saying good night or talk to you soon. no longer my friend because that really hurts.
I wake up with a headache everyday
Ima Loser Frfr 0-3 Saturday 0-4 Sunday
Ya la Gia
Even this seems hard for me
Now you understand why me and Charlie are not cool anymore the abuse smh
Awww bub this pining is making me sad
we would have had these
Putting on my bumper took longer than expected and I get king taco sad
I wish my boyfriend was up so we can talk
I miss Sul Ross. I miss my old friends. Can I go back a year for just a day
i know
Morning brother another day another dollar
IK
this is probably the reason as to why he hasn't followed me yet
almost 3 years
drove all the way back from Kissimmee to Clearwater
that shit hurted </3
award winning cheeks he gets it from his dad n uncles
apple juice is better
first blair, then my grandma, now reggie what the fuck man.
bruno merch: exists but i have no money
miranda merch: doesn't exist and i don't have money
not a bad cult leader,, we appreciate and enjoy your account ur account gives me a good laugh so thank
Haven't had a hug or cuddle in months
but NCT Vision would be a cute name hope that part is true
Canela reading brother nature's tweets
-sighs-
I hate when guys just stare and they even make a move
Thanks po G ! I'm safe
I need to stop getting my hopes so high up sometimes
JORDAN. U bewtifol
i tried to make it fit well with the video
didnt finish the decorations. stressing me out
aw imy thank u baby
what is she so cute for
twitter is just a game of who can be most edgy
I don't mean to ignore ppl but I just be in my own little world and be going through shit.
Brownout!!!!!!!
sorry jimin gonna change my layout
How i wish I can header you
I used to love her I'm disappointed in myself
I am going to that one. Even though only 2 months away it sucks to wait that long
And tired
you cross my mind constantly c....
Dam a want a kid now
he just wants to hold hand
they are but ruin ur natural lashes so forced to keep getting them, take it from me
Damn a lot of lip for not many receipts
Huhu don't cry
With my pleasure
hoping you have better luck than I do! I may be able to listen to some of his songs during my lunch break but see
So I had planned on doing hw all day tomorrow but unfortunately I have to work.
3. i am single and ready to mingle
forgot abt this for a hot sec
complete the mutual send ur
I need to be sleep but I shut my brain off
never experience something so intimate ever again
Ya es costumbre
This is sad. He's 93 years old, they could have respected his age at least
Sometimes I wish I the strong one, always putting on a face that everything is okay.
My mom asked me a question that really has me thinking
Tragic
10K WOW i tried to write the yuwin idea ive had for months but i immediately hit a blank i
What is going on right now. I hate everything
sorry pero di gyud nako ma take imonjg istidi, I have dreams!
i understand, please be safe and stay away from these evil bakudeku shippers
I would die to hear all your amazing music live ! If only I could see you on tour I know it would be the best thing ever !
we all gon lose our jobs
10 days til halloween and i still know what to be it really be like that sometimes
follow back.
Fine, guess the Kraft will have imitation crab meat in it too
Yes, i have! But I'm still feels hungry, hyung. . . How about
EAE GATINHA PASSA O
theyre tagging bts,, like bts actually has their notifications on
i man spread like no tomorrow. buzzfeed plz make a video about me
in my head crackhead hours are always literally once it gets dark out i start thinking abt the weirdest shit
I'm sorry
Jisung r u proud of me im literally pouring my soul into dancing
I want some Starbucks rn
Yeah
Mac Miller really passed away huh
extremely sorry for you
I was gonna say I am home but at my
yes it is
Ah, it hurts me. Sorry.
girl same now up
if mono drops at 12kst it will be 8am and ill already be at work and be off until 3:30
omg who started this
officially my birthday pero not gonna do anything
thought things would improve today.
i wanna go to work today
wish I lived in Chicago
Me and my kids hot we got the air on they gone be crying in the morning watch
the army branded me for life
I miss these kids.
Just yelled at 15 to get to sleep. Asked if he needed me to cuddle him like when he was two.
i kinda miss that
As a 2004 kid, I feel so bad for whatever kids born after 2010 have to endure.
be further from the truth now that I think about it
i miss being a winkon stan that was like 3-4 years ago
LuckyI have to make up a math test so I have to skip my lunch period
sad that hyuck take that many selfies
olha o biquinhooooo to fraca
THE SIZE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN JINHO AND WOOSEOK
DJSJSJS YOU HAVE TO SAY IT SO BOLDLY oof i miss that un it was gud 2 me
u have me
but the bee movie script
Janelle got me sleeping on the couch
A thousand effort shown but still in the loosing side.
jk bias!
(results: jk sun, jimin moon, taehyung rising what kind of maknae line sorcery is this
A thousand effort shown but still in the loosing side.
Want to? Fuck yeah
Can I? No
Can I just stay home tomorrow
i want thag sweater
Perhaps, i loved too much.
But the reciever didnt gave that much hm
I see any competitions for Australia either
short asf stoppp
Dm me a smile
not ready for this test
I'm tired of the hate shooky gets
I think I'm not but thank you
Tokoyami... it was a pleasure
Why did the great things I had leave so early in my life I miss my cat, my great uncle and dog
yes miss. as you wish miss.
damn G,when I put money in my account cashapp you some grocery money
ur so right
sorry
i still started watching daredevil season 3
My Mom and Dad stay rolling boujee meanwhile my siblings and I look like hobos go off I guess...
believe we got a bj anthem in english
I hate that Trey has school everyday because like an old man now and goes to bed at like 7:30. My poor baby
Hate when the garbage man forgets to put ur trash cans back on the sidewalk blocking the street
How can? 2 peoples I don't even follow
Hurting inside & nobody fucking cares
Why even bother with eating pudding at this point?
follow me
can my hair grow out so that I can tie it up again so I can see my cartilage piercing
thanks mom
too ugly for you anyway you definitely deserve better than... that
i basically catfished everyone i was a bakudeku shipper hiding in plain sight
I have no idea. Given the rain in the forecast, unless I get a lucky opportunity tomorrow it might be a while...
its 12:30 and i have to be up at 6:30 but im too busy spreading love and positivity treating people with kindness truly never rest
I miss my hugs & kisses ugh
thank you jimin
No me pare
This has been a horrible year for me . I'm tired physically & emotionally
Guys are really so boring my next gf ?
Nate stop by in the streams anymore
thank you sir. i forgot why i blocked you sir.
existence* excuse me. im sleep deprived.
these the hundreds of words you had left for the paper tho
finding good artists on soundcloud n not being able to find their instgrams
we 23 bitch
Kentucky
I
Had Harry Potter marathon last week. I miss being in world.
i see and i had to search up unique questions to ask bc my last brain cell wasnt working whatsoever
Blonks just mad bc their favs are puppets and have trash music. and the truth Armys state hurts them so much
I wish Norm was here
Both of them stole a tweet but what can we do, Twitter
337 likes That's the most I've gotten-
you're not wrong
The bus is the place where I fall in love with strangers never see again
I failed
which deleted joji ig post do u miss all of them i used to scroll thru everything whenever i was sad i cant
Aw. That might be tiring. No time to even scroll thru twitter.
Ur super cute but, umm allergic to nuts.
can the king of fanservice taekook please post a selca
not to be me pero namjoon..............
omg this nct life
Were living in a simulation and everything is experimental
Karma a muthafucka u downbad
Then it's like nothing ever works.
Are you leaving right after graduation?
anyone know where i can get a mini white satin dress
I was literally going to ask if this was about Brother Nature. I feel
TANGINA
BA'T
BA
WALANG
MALI
SAYO
DI
MAGAWANG
UMIWAS
AT
TULUYANG
LUMAYO
Balang Araw - I Belong To The Zoo
Jin
asked like over 20 ppl for the hw .. and there telling me they have it wtf lying
im crying much kike
ill be having a good day then I remember people actually watched and enjoyed leafy's content
this exam is gonna fuck me so good
Hate sleeping by myselffff
Especially when I'm getting to know Venom mutuals like and more
ugh you caught me just look at him i love his parabola hairline and all
ily wish we could talk more are always open lovely
i'm in my seiusa feels now, but not how i won't go near a seiusa fanfic.
Waking up crying is the worst
are so hot plz I
if u would fukin rabbit me
My head Hurt
I am really nervous for tomorrow
I need some cuddles
oomf is cute
ily
sorry
ha mergo cen rung ono sing ngirim
told you ! too cute for me
and include utilities either
maybe you're mistaking me with some ugly person you saw
Oh Hun, I can't play it again, so cheers NASA ... : )
& D's Itsy
Waking up crying from a dream is the absolute worst
Prayers sent that way!
OH GOOD exercise & being in nature helped for about 50 minutes and now the sads and the bad thoughts are back
why did my tea just fucking hit a wall
Are we just gonna ignore the fact that you photoshopped yourself in a nice restroom I need a
12:40 - why fetty wap making hits anymore?
i hate how apart of me still cares about you .. and no matter how much you hurt me i will always love you
Uwu what did I do to deserve this
herediscary
i never knew how hard it was going to be to juggle my life, school, work, and taking care of my mom now that home. just so tired
HSJSH MUST BE NICE HAVING APPLE MUSIC
JSJJSJS I JUST LISTENED TO IT, your mind
Shit just the same anymore
Why does mark ignore me
Being far away from th person that makes you happy is hard
my country is still waiting for you
i hate us
Yesss at least selca
Wait it for 8 november so hard
queria
i have to finish these assignments hoe
must be from hearing all that bullshit on your cc
i'm wheeze
now i wanna listen to vocaloid
always busy sorry and whenever I can rabbit ur out at the mall or som thing
Pls have a weekend off soon
not nearly late enough for me to be in That kind of mood but I felt it so I tweeted it
Going with my gut instincts from now on.
the heavensward ost got the worst of it and im i love hw sm why square
Ugh so sorry for your loss Thinking of you.
honestly tho what do u guys do to alex , he wilding too much on the tl
Grabe for the first time gusto ko magkaron ng boyfriend na idol specifically si Seungcheol like gagawin ko
how are all the girls at my school so cute i wanna be cute too
SJSJKSKSK I was so bored and i was hearing some pieces so like fuck it
*Tears come from the heart* It's hard to believe & digest the truth
Or a big ass.. smh
the same person
I MEAN THAT'S VALID IG but my personality is not really like his'
Annnnd the weekend is over
never really been the type to be up all night since I was a kid so I really know my mind is fucked up right now..
i'm the sad rn i'm gonna go to bed early to keep myself from ranting on twitter jaiskfnkd I'll wake up to monsta x cb and mono ayy
Wud da phuk Jani
sounds boring
i miss all the funny tweets would show me before prac every day
Yea I got a lot of friends and yea I know I know a lot of people... but why do I feel so alone sometimes
never used to eat I was eating sleep for dinner
Went to get empanadas de only to get home and find out they are pear ones
hayley and woojin us 2 softies gon die together
I embarrassed myself again
All the cheese melted out of my cheese sticks. They're hollowed out
this piece always does this shit to me
I really be out here like
this brockhampton show was fun and all but now niggas gotta study
I hate this for us
been dmming her since june to tell her i love her....i been knew
i just saw someone wearing a trench shirt and i said like your and now im having really bad anxiety
oh no phoenix unfollowed sorry i fulfill your twitter timeline desires of being obnoxious
there goes the playoffs
how
Maybe one day we'll have to wear it on our lapel.
cause she is a horrible person. So sorry for the inconvenience.
I finally went and got my hair cut but the lady messed up my hair I need a good place to fix this mess pls help me
I still don't have a copy of this
My son is so cute & tall & basically off limits but he gave me his snap though HAHAHA
*scar on my bicep*
I tripped over my dog and broke a window with my elbow the glass stabbed me
*scar on my
I wanna get a tattoo alreadyyy!!!
30. im listening to my roommate facetiming her friend ,, so fucking loud
Plus i never had an experience with sex where I actually enjoyed it so never like craving sex
You still scarred from that time your mom kissed you with that toaster strudel on her lip huh
my Acting classes finna hit my bank account
his parents really named him skittles so brave!
sad I go to the State Fair with my Baby
Be happy with me to much to ask for
snatch her before I do
Work be killing me I think that's what's wrong with my arm but I can't stop now
So NCT 127 just released everything while im sleeping okay
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he kiss
We're busy eating other things
if i made a yutaejohn au would anyone read it
shawn really said fuck leena
I love you but broke uwu
man i wanted to hear it the voice of an angel
sometimes i do hate my life the only thing i've done good in my life was to stan loona
i miss partying with my friends and getting drunk
My mom just told me gaining weight that shit hurted
Us thicc boys need to stick together
/()\
/ \
I have you in a class and I just wanna day I have the hugest crush on you stop lying
Oh I'm so sorry
pounds*
28. mint chocolate chip
29. DOGS SKSSJS
30. Losing you - boy pablo
ugh i guess i will
No it was a stem-less pumpkin
he loves you
I'll be in CA, but not at the the game
you know......... i heard open arms live and......... maybe it's not pms worst song
if only the renal unit was this simple
its too long already
alright so taking me to a pumpkin patch ?
good luck
im sore af this shit hurts
I hate when I get sad..
no they look nice i refuse
NO not that talented but coming from a girl who can sing really well I will take this compliment and cherish it
So my thesis on this : he want no smoke
no harm to any woman I just want love and a chance to be in a long lasting relationship forever I want to go more than 3 months
My Head Has Been Hurting Every Night For The Past Week. Idk Wrong.
i- i just want to mskr someone smile
Wrong
Nobody else likes Alright?
This is my problem
mtlb tareef k badly tareef
Nup, nothing worked
taeyeon tagged all of i love and miss them so much
aqui
I still understand .. think I ever will
Yabasta
do you have to take a gym class this year or did you escape having to suffer
I missed being a 90s baby 9 days
my whole major
if I do end up getting suspended due to this shit storm be sad if I lose this so changing it for now
twitter
Deleting all my funny racist/homophobic/various offensive tweets is so heartbreaking
leave him alone
I might be obsessed with vampire! Jin Maybe it's the halloween spirit
or something to take me far away from nyx and all
I hate that bad things happen to such good people.. it's just not fair
I had parathas for breakfast and 1 glass of plain milk with nothing mixed
It be like that sometimes
sister- not lying! i wanna watch it with you
Going get my nails polished tomorrow...and then sleeping all day
really gonna be in english tomorrow when mono drops
Frick I said the n word 4 years ago
Let the light guide your way , hold every memory as you go and every road you take will always lead you home
i have class during the q&a. tell minho i love him.
starting my math exam in 5 mins
is this cute or is it ugly
i hope you eventually get ur nuggets
petition for markhyuck to go as spideys for halloween
no one in my fam even dresses up for the holidays so i always end up wearing my pjs
ateezers are asleep
TRY! THANKS WIFEY. I LOVE: YOU.
good times
Ish
11.
Wished my booty was being rubbed
I wanna slow dance
/||\_
IN THE DARKKKKKKK
\
|| \_
that was really captivating liked it a lot
i miss wearing rings
me andrea and jen share 1 braincell
good morning y'all (say it back and you'll make straight A's for the rest of your school life )
*Just
Ugh I spell
I miss Jin hyung..
rip sourin - 2018-2018
oh how i miss you soo much sweetheart
I wish I could make everyone a spooky basket here's a virtual one 4 you cuties
when are we gonna make one ?
my hair looks good rn i hope it stays like this for tomorrow but i know that wont happen
I good enough
Y'all we are losing
have said it better
/ / PLEASEKKSKD HE WOULD
Am I gonna lose my job and have my life ruined now ?
sorry
I hope this twist out turn out right
mngay bich , jk , good widow , funny and nice , you need to boost me, I'm a noob so I'm only 4150 ,
twins I have to get up at 6
Oh my what a sad news, I'm so sorry Selma.
i have a chinese test i'm not ready for tomorrow
All my ships are getting fed except for sope
I wish hyuna was my girlfriend but out here being single
I have to honour him before everything goes to shit
All I see on IG is story about bad bunny and it just reminds me how I was suppose to be there
Oomf so out of pocket
follow and or meg will block u
I even get a chance to take babygirl to the fair
true
I wanted to tag you but I got shy
if qun doesnt finish his junhee drawing i have an event planned
That hurt a lot
If you can stay positive in the negative situation. You win
have to get them in check for even trying tell em to go do something productive and let us handle things
gn hope i fr fail my midterms
Hi follow and or meg will block u
I want to read the book but so long
Yo follow and or meg will block u
i hate it when a song gives me ideas of an au that i could neveR write
my mom is judging me for having a tinder even though im turning 18 in six days this is so sad
i want ass
theyre not very bright or educated ppl
cause men are trash and trash has a hard smell to get rid of
Also I Think Getting Sick.
i feel bad for the person playing black ops w cris
damn bitch how u think i feel w ur rejection
racismo en todo su esplendor
Everythings falling down on me at once, i give up
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh you got a boyfriend i bet he
can get this to at least 50 likes or sumn bc like this flopped and my favorite pinned
My anxiety is on 1000
ONLY ONE IS INFECTED THE OTHER TWO ARE JUST BLEEDING im exaggerating
Ya know!?!? survive.
I didn't mean this to sound like I'm shitting on this binder company im just a cheap bastard
SOLO DA RT
I just want to lose my parking spot if I go
only like skinny men on twitter
9. everything
Thinking about how my cousin left me on read in 2015 on Facebook and has never texted back
te amo tanto
LIke ur ass yeth
seeing taehyung say my name made my heart pang a lil bit, if only he could tweet me irl
It was literally after season 2 came out so everyone was making stan accs pls
But fr so slow and mrs brown here to help me
my cosi needs attention leaf him alone
Don't convert it
all I want rn is some fire carne asada tacos, cuddles, and a really good smoothie
well i want them BOTH
I feel like waited longer for Kim Petras to follow me than I did for sophomore album
The shoe fit!
ok i admit it hes c*te
i like to think i'm funny sometimes
I feel like my head finna explode .... Why am I feeling sick rn shit
i feel you
you have a bad taste hun
i am literally so whipped....
Im sorry come with next time! most likely coming back next year. You can see Jimin in all his glory
HELLO follow and or meg will block u
The shoe fit
people only like me for my puppies
bro i miss chengstin so much
craving braums and whataburger
Karmys are so quiet I- i would get kicked out if i was there
Honestly mood
nct really dropped a whole ep and i have apple music so i listen to it
If KAYY LIVES MATTER follow and or meg will block u
ily
He knows hes a whole meal
that just made me hold Cree a little tighter tonight
This season of daredevil was phenomenal ima need a season 4 but I doubt it
back when
like to dedicate this to Mark Lee, my only motivation for anything I do
I know the feeling.... Mondaymorning have a great new week too
seo taiji sweetie doesnt deserve this disrespect
favorite song: i choose
omg... you know you my gf chill
wheezes
Omma just passed away and I can't go. It's breaking my heart.
STOP IT NO IM NOT
this is me anywhere
Come back to me
sad alexa play denim on patrol by prettymuch
oh man.. i wish someone thought my funny little habits were devastatingly cute
i miss youngjae and queen US
fuck senior lives
Why is she tolerating them?... Where's good leadership now?
I did if I could be there
The published this story. It is horrifying.
Immigrants
Women
LGBTQ folks
Next up, "the Blacks".
how could we ever
I know his head really looked like a crescent moon, I apologize for making fun of his facial... accident
Mxm its very sad
RT if you hate hearing your voice on recordings.
you're all v cute but could u please untag me it's
MIs hermanos son tipazos
really missing yoongi hours huh
Tweeter Users Beware
remember when Debbie was the only Gallagher that there was hope for
Mds
ACHEI MEU TEXTO!!
leave me
