sabati produttivi
you're most welcome!
Have a great day
C'mon,
We're still with youuuu!
Hear hear!! I'm 4 years without TV licence
Sbali I told you you are better off not working here. Unkosikazi uyalalelwa
Did yall hear yet Invasion of Privacy is the fastest female album EVER to receive 2x platinum 6 months
Happy birthday dear
Many Happy returns of the day
The Narrow Road to The Deep North ile iyi gider diye tercih ettim Ne
Mah Love Fiza Alam
PC
The best parin ang 2013-2015 members ng GKT
Go for it
4 short Sybian rides in the in the PornHub booth at 2015 AVN. Staci Carr!
Hi Sharon
Great Have a lovely day with your granddaughters
Actually it is the best and easiest pill to swallow learn how to value, love yourself and realize that
hey. just finished watching Henry viii and his six wives
I can relate
Sisco and Mona ready to shoot yesterday next shoot in November Wingfield, Wiltshire, United
I want to see 2 weeks of PalWik only! Nothing else Ab toh Joh bhi karo chalega..Laddo, Jagdo, misunderstand karo ya ro
(F)or Bad Guy, a little shy..... in public Should I be more... Open? via /r/gonewild
Absolutely right, natural light is calming and relaxing.
Hey Violet! Hope your weekend was wonderful You are such a babe! I'll make sure to watch and
Have a great day
Wow sis
Cheers! Tea going down here. You have a good day too
Goodnight everyone except
all LOVELY xxx
Have a happy day!
Thank you
Morning als ik Chan type wordt t Chanel x
Rmit? I prefer not to disclose
happy birthday !! stay strong to you and Megan hehe rooting for you both have a good one!
Walking the bridge to Banyan Tree Hotel from Pavilion KL shopping mall. Very convenient to stay at this hotel!
Make sure they are worth it
It's an amazing game! Definitely worth saving up for!
Good morning Breakfast eaten and now going to
Photos later
Rally... Rally round the West Indies .Now and forever !
Good morning and have a nice day everyone
Get back in the game with girls in sports bras (32 Photos)
Thank You
Ameen
Bless you Gorgeous
Sure will update
Alright I have
I know. Glad you sort of understand
Lol! A bit of Ideal World is fine too
Go for it!
TwinPinesLodge
Hi David - apologies on our late reply! Were you able to get everything sorted out with the screen protector?
Love the pictures. This was the sky in Leeds on Friday night.
Got my twitter back
It's so cute I'll be waiting to meet
Oh man lol. You so young looking, know. But yeah hard. Sure you doing a good job though.
I feel much better, thank you so much!
Their betray their personalities ;) One is hyperactive, the other timid - Follow me on for more
Quite
is synonyms of sun
Secretary General class rep association of Unimaid
Morning Lydia! Cuddles duly given
So Nyc...
It's amazing, beautiful and very clean... but I still miss Egypt
Bang C9 champions, let's go!!
haha! have no fear, be amazing. I wait for another perfect escape
Yep - we can meet you there, or virtually anywhere you like!
The best thing about having an automatic car is that anyone could drive your drunk ass home
btw, missed and our kkt gc!!
Cosy like a Sunday morning
Digital clock giveaways,for details please contact huihuanghh@yahoo.com
Best explanation ever. Fact.
Haha No, is it good?
available here, hope this helps
I'm going out in a bit. I'll try my best not to die.
no need of ur help thanks for asking bhaiya
Team lunch.
Nutifafa
Get To Know me
Moi
Thanks! Target bargain
Awesome
Good morning everyone - I found it
Aku panda
Dining alone has Always been me
we always matching
Hello, please pm the page.
Early morning playdough fun
VERDOSE of everything good we desire Amen Ohya
sarewa o
Eh, those are just some side things I was curious about, not a big deal
Your welcome
Good Morning , Wishing you a very Peaceful Sunday
Moin Martin
May god bless u two...
yeah!! it was interesting and fun to watch
Thanks
Best relationship? When you can act like lovers and best friends at the same time.
its
Ano po modes of payment?
We build this love, from the ground up...
Song title is From The Ground Up by Dan + Shay
10/20/18
Good morning Gary thanks you too hun
Hold on, need to see the tix price first hahah inshaAllah abby belanja
It is
Last minute sermon change this morning. I love it when God does that. See you at PraiseWay This morning
Stellar $XLM price: $0.244854
QUICK! Sign up before Binance closes registration!
She is hiding her real face
Yes you should. Please
You are an inspiration! You look amazing
Samsung Galaxy A7 (2018) : Samsung's First Phone With Triple Camera
Guten Morgen liebe Tweeties
Kaffee Cappuccino und Tee hinstell...
Good morning ladies. Blessed Sunday to you all
Good Morning John
Morning lovely people it's a very misty morning here in Devon looks like it could be sunny later. I am cooking roast beef today
Amores power vote din po tayo dito! Pls Retweet din po. Thank youuu
Good morning twitter
Woww.. Na jaane kitne ajnabiyon ne block kr rakha hai
Sree is awesome
My recruiting drive yesterday. I found the men very supportive.
Last minute sermon change this morning. I love it when God does that. See you at PraiseWay This morning
Mind blowing
Do we both have a sweet tooth and a lobe for grapes?
Water melon is life
Thank you grandior_hotel_prague for the special birthday surprise Much appreciated
Soumea, Auatria
Thank you. *sliding under the duvet*.
I had the best day!! I feel like a weight has been lifted off my shoulders! so positive and happy
Hey there! wanting to do a cleanse this month or nutrition and energy products! You can lose 2-12 lbs in 3
Aku beruang
Good morning all Lovely Muskies Ladies Have a fantastic Sunday
My brothers gonna get me fuuuuuckkkkkkkeedddddd up for audiotistic... wait
& - Best way to start my Sunday
Lovely to meet you
Thupa yetla boys and girls
yeah! okay, they happen. glad feeling at least a little better
2MonthToZero
All of us deserve to be happy
all my favourite Pakistan players I get this one! Where is Misbah when I need him
Wow, that is amazing, Crowley
Orait thanks for the info!
Gday Mike.
Please rub our noses in your Hollywood lifestyle.
Many many congratulations to
It's so good to see so many trance artists securing good
Time on my side unfortunately. why taking me so long to get through them. done the movies yet
Both!
omg thank youuu????
(did you remember from my post from yesterday or????)
THANKSSS
Oh no so so sorry. Hey we don't have trolls here just these from 1970
Jai Hind
R u excited
That sounds perfect.
With my buddies (@ Sit n' Sip Lounge)
bonjour
Thank you Lilian I miss you as well!!!
Hello you AGAIN XXX Happy Sunday lovely lady
Loved this place next time I'm coming with bae
Have you watch 'about time'? It's the best unscientific time traveling movie I've ever watched
Hi! bakit si jennie bias mo sa blackpink? siya rin kasi bias ko, i really love that girl, thankz "Guuuuuyys
Very professional, affordable and elegant photography highly recommended!
People who I need to join for weekend breakfast the Boois girls
Scarywood was super fun!
Mittlerweile geht's.
This is how I see these pictures.
Thanks
The Wirral is my hometown
Thank you x
Everything is just perfection
Happy Birthday Caden!! Hope everything is going well for you! Have a great day!
Morning
Good morning to you alone
Not yet- just say we are making progress. And am on it- with persistence - against a fair bit of resistance
Good morning
Love the hair Sue
Thank you , right back at you. An absolute lady, and I so miss our chats x
Can't believe there's a cup sleeve event in Penang thanks for the beautiful cup sleeves and Happy
Samsung Galaxy A7 (2018) : Samsung's First Phone With Triple Camera
Intro
Types of shape explained by Keertana
That should blow the cobwebs away! Enjoy, love being by the sea
who is your power duo? and who is your fav anyway ?
Have a safe flight. See you soon
doing big things friend!!!
Gustav Langenscheidt
Alfred Nobel
Carl Krone
Dizzy Gillespie
Claire Waldoff
Georg Solti
Liliane
Thank you Irma
Goodnight.... might wake up to 400 followers
the way you smile
FaceTime me somebody
Me too
What your favorite character in Boruto?
This needs to make its way back to the timeline
Staycation
Got to see the , the MVP, and a fight all at the game tonight
Days well spent
See you again soon
P.S. The first photo is a selfie jump shot HAHAHA sariling sikap
Welcome
Thank you very much
3 days until moving day
Joined in team
Guys join in here to win some amazing amazon vouchers
Yhh thanks bookmarked to read and give review later!! Bless you queen kfb too
What a treat running in daylight
Being able to enjoy this view in the middle of the lake was awesome
My first tweet in Twitter
Wwooyyy
Itchycoo Park the Faces
is that a dinner plate sized piece
Juh
Very cute happy Sunday
Thank you
block and report guys huwag na tayong makipag away sa troll its a waste of time
last friday night's hangout with the girls..,
Credits to
Allotment workshop on this beautiful morning, from 10 bring your tools and small people! Hope to see lots of
hehe, small thing
Just a soft cover lined A4 one I couldn't find any in store or on the website alas!
Love this lil face What did he do to him finger! Looks tapped up?
Thanks
Your favorite word, toxic! i miss you, dont you know that?
Amazing sleep. Now to get ready for breakfast, before a visit to Meadowhall and maybe a little treat from
Morning tangs xkx
I want diamonds and flowers
damn i thought you was older but happy birthday
But hopefully you win it, good luck
hello aunty this is a heteros only zone dw
That will definitely help. Let me know how it goes I just might join the movement
Laying down feels SOOOOO good right now. Good night
Thank you
Yes He is saint ..
I'm proud of us for staying indoors
Shit like this makes me happy
I will endure all your late replies
Breaking News Mashaallah this today morning Karachi airport Mashaallah we are Soo existing
Big News
Note:sila fans
Can blame sila fans of Vijay too. U all ain't saint!
welcome to the team
6 and I'm close to 6 too
So we are tall
They did.
[RJ] Yes it is! He'll introduce himself soon
It's Radiance Can Stop the Very Hands of Time it Brings Me To My Knees in The Presence of its Shine in Humble
This comic of Gonta is amazing! You did an awesome job drawing this!
Look at their tags on IG & you will see for yourself.
There we go my favourite time of the day.
Get Together is my third family group that was created for our
Both looking fabulous
Reply "I follow back" to gain followers!
I was hoping you would when I asked if I could film she stopped to say yes, I want her
Lesson learnt, gonna let this change me for the better
My own family said I amount to nothing. Swore up and down be pregnant in high school and not in college... but look at me
!
Oui mais pas la faute Fred . Sujet de tweet
1: Retweet this 2: Like this 3: Follow all that Like & Retweet 4: Follow back all that follow you 5: Gain Followers
Yown ohhhh!! hahahahaha. HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY Meanne!! Miss youuu.. Enjoy your day Love youu~ God bless
Nice
FOLLOW EVERYONE WHO RETWEETS THIS TWEET!
Slept 9 hours today effective yung sleeping pills actually hahaha
Plis dear.. Send me money
If you plan to diss on blackpink, or if you are an OT1, OT2, OT3 Stan. Just look at my icon and that will be my answer to you. Mmmkay?
Follow everyone who likes this
Wa Alycum Assalam frnd g sweet wali
hatters are real...even when you looking! Am still the beatest magician in the world
For every like I'll answer if this flops you didn't see this
Early morning every Sunday, I listen to your Boston Calling on BBC world radio and love your English accent
Yes2 I truly understand. I mean this is meant for those who want to get closer to the stage
i hate that emoji even more than the
Well u do bring smile on our faces thank you for that
fighting fit thanks
181021 at HND
Airport buddies again?
Cr
I will be in touch this next few days! Happy Sunday
Right, I must get up. It's a long drive to Lancashire. Have a fabulous Sunday everyone...
Always at the far Corner,always alone
Followed and liked! I'm aishwaryaanair
Dans la salle
...Jacques Dessange guidant la Justice ....!
There we go my favourite time of the day.
"Get Together" is our third family group that was created for our
Thanks!
Thank you
Nice day people
Thank you Appreciate that!
You girls are amazing news readers, never slip up and always tell news with expression, congratulations to you all
(Vest + Shorts + Bata Slippers )WEATHER .....
Screw that, i wear that everytime !!
So the
Hahaha, a very good way to put it! Thank you so much for listening
Plastic Manc-wank
!
I found 20 dollars on the ground
Thank you
God has not given us the spirit of ignorance,Nice is not the fruit of the Holyspirit.
call a girl obsessed, when she just in love.
Another beautiful day. Goooood morning to all our followers. Have a great day
Youu smile, I smile.
Sarah Are you going to cheer him on x
I swear Relationship Is not for me Single
181021 at HND
Airport buddies again?
Cr
flying it now thanks
I loved this video!! Love ya
That Smell of fresh air in the morning after a heavy night of rain heaven
Would you guys let me watch?
Hi there
U cant forgive ur sins but can forgive someones
Keep it up Roi!! We're always gonna support you
Thank you so much
Hey! The team is looking into this. Please hang in there , we'll get you an update as soon as
I had spam and having cinnamon nice! Different loc nga lang.
happy bday to u ur bro..
don't worry
bless him
Morning Kati, thanks, same to you dear
Hope you had a fab 21st John, can't wait to see you in season 4 with beautiful Rollo, much love
Ah yes. Very good. I won't spoil it for anyone else by saying
such a good night and so lovely meeting you hope you had a lovely night
How to know this Look at this pic . One hour ago Jenny was here at kavita mam's home ,
Spas
Selamat bergabung Genpi Purworejo
No matter what in life ,be humble
Grazie
Thank you, Alissa! always amazed by the breadth of our profession, too
await a surprise then.
Chilax bro just chilax it's the Sabbath day
Thanks Mami
Welcome
Flashback to warmer weather. Thank you for your appreciation and for sharing.
Kapit lang!
look at how cute this is
To My BABIES ( ELEM.) STILL CONGRATS SATIN
...CONGRATS DIN SA JHS NG R.I (nakakashock) CONGRATS GUYS
Sana po magkamallshow ang NashLene dito sa Cebu
I'm obviously gonna get 2 thousand pimples tomorrow cause of that tweet but idc. I gotta appreciate the now
fave daw ni Mommy yung pader scene ng AlDub sa Kalyeserye
ELO Mr Blue Sky, can the sun put his hat on so I can get out and paint the fence today.
You too hey
Everything about this song gives me goosebumps
Get ready to vote Monday
Love this! Fantastic read We are doing so many of these and it does make a difference once embedded
Good Morning Michele Have a blessed Sunday Take care of Yourself
Fighting
Hi, baka naman do you know someone who's selling photo royalty tickets pa?
AFTER A MONTH NA SNUGGLE KO NA ULIT BB KO im a happy momma
Wallflowers Cafe
Good Morning. Thank you
Thank you pillow!
Looks like a day well spent
Skyranch
Evet
Tq so much kak for the wish and the flowers
Thanks so much for sharing with us. You worked so hard and we all appreciate it!
bout that time I do a pop up on najai ass
I use Gooseberry
& for more Videos!
I would
Thank you so muuuch po!
Hope fr the best
Morning
& for more Videos!
Good Morning Jackie Have a blessed Sunday Take care of Yourself
Word reminds me of and 4 where RM rapped the words call you
I like it. Not favourite but I like that they resisted making it in any way. good.
it already looks great
A stunning piece of work which personifies her beautiful nature. Thank you for sharing.
Thank you
Lol idk about the part, but some ladies should be married esp those that want to. Not ALL of us!
Yup
Pre CHER drinks drinking champagne at Cyren Bar Grill Seafood
Happy birthday wish you all the best
Venom is really good , Enjoy
Cryptocurrency & Forex Trading, Real Estates, VUL and Mutual Funds.
Highly Suggested for us Millenials.
danke
Delicious!
Oh wow, beautiful cake! And happy birthday to you Sarena
I think sky should give her very own channel, 24 hours of Faye on a loop!!!
relate, inggit is lyf today enjoy neyshen
How are you
Feliz domingo
Tats y he is wearing specs now
your body was a wonderland.
What superstars! We are so proud of you all!
Aaaaahhhh man
You guys did the absolute most
That time I was so shook coz it was unexpected
Ah, this was how I've looked for the smol forest photo shooting, Aon Friday morning
Thank you
Dodgers hold off Brewers in Game 7 of NLCS to clinch second straight World Series berth Tommy Lasorda is a
Nice.
True but Ashley young was very outstanding yesterday
From your fcmb. Plis dear
My entertainment & treat for today!!! Sooooo excited . come on you Titans
Yep
I actually work there that's why it was I familiar to me
Voot par full episode h. U can watch any time
You stay doing the most!
Yup. Just finished
Buongiorno
noo, you're pretty as well yes thank you !
Goodbye to my cherry blossom Chim Chim. I know will shower you with love. Hello to my Baby Taehyungie.
Your always welcome
Getting ready
was me few mins back nw I am on the bed tweeting this
Need a friend? Nandto lang ako
Relaxing sunday morning listening to my neighbour shout at his mate for touching his I love heckmondwike x
no reason to be sad today
Proud of you
Oh how amazing! Best of luck and enjoy x
If I could get dad hugs from Luke I'd be looking for excuses all the time to make that happen.
Continue with this art, it is nice for the eyes.
Yes, either the wristband or admission vouchers on there can be used today
Hahaha fine. Anyway, if you're thinking of switching from Mac to windows, I recommend Thinkpad X1 carbon or Dell XPS.
when you smile without reason,
you realize youre happy
Morning
My dream room
GBR is no. 4 on Inkigayo. Bobby's hair tho.
Good morning from Turku. Have a nice Sunday everyone
That's okay it isn't much of a big deal.. doesn't make you any less of an Army.
Trick question : Define acche din
I love and i love the just as much can't wait for our next one
Great sunday with lovely smile my sweetu arya you're smile makes my day love you
I just unfollowed someone cos of the Church they attend and Pastor they stan for.
Guard your energy.
So many reasons to smile living life to the fullest
hooooyyy! hahahha cute cute mo talaga
Wiem
When my 90 year old grandmother can read my name mentioned as on the cover
I thought this was beautiful and so under marked. Well done!!
Good Morning Sandra Have a blessed Sunday Take care of Yourself
Such a great smile!
you can be friends with me by proxy
Nice to see you again I feel that 3days to long I hope you all well now stay healthy
Okay pray for you.
Sino kasama mo Leysam
Aww thank you but it happen without such a great team too
Good thing there are at most 4 games left
"Old man, take a look at my life. I'm a lot like you are." --
My sister I like what the officer said. If you single, why not?
So glad that Ron, Harry and Draco are getting along
Hmm I'll have to see if I can find it! Thanks
Good Knight
Status $SNT price is: $0.036328
HURRY! Binance is currently accepting new users
Lol someone plan on going to church
lol this is getting lame and we're not making any sense here
anyways, u have a nice day ahead
Thank you
Gaps can help cure the Monday blues (30 Photos)
I know, but I meant spoil it for anyone else who wants to guess right now
Glad to have had you onboard Carolyn! See you next time
do follow back
DAY 2: post breakup today was definitely interesting my night started out good asf and then ended good asf
Thank you for being so complimentary! I appreciate it
Call me for details 082113101863
Thank you! I will let you know if I need help somewhere. At this point, and is not a problem
Good Afternoon Happy Sunday! in 2 Pls Play 21
Ok
What an amazing swim wait for the next one!
Thank you lord. the best ka talaga.
Lollll! Yes I liked your tweets but no I didn't call you a bot. I checked the one who was challenging you. wave
Congratulations Mary Wooldridge
Naneth by Hannah Gadsby!
Rise of the Phoenixes if you are into Chinese historical fiction.
You're too beautiful to be angry.
hi i like your tweets and think really cool and would love to be mutuals oH thank you so much!!!!
First album I ever bought was 'Cocker Happy'
I'm actually writing one on this.
When you've been waiting ages for food and the waiter walks past with someone else's order.
so motivational!! good luck to us bb fighting!
Life's Journey never ends. traveling to mumbai international airport from Coimbatore International Airport
Yummy
happy birthday
Happy birthdaay kuya loves you po
Complete the Sentence Andrew..
'When they go low, we go Vote!. 'Em Out!'..
I really enjoy talking to people I can be my complete self around. Like it doesn't matter what kind of mood I'm in, I can just be myself.
Good morning team - I hope you have a great Sunday x
Aww I thought his hair grown back, oh well,it is a very convincing wig.
i miss you invite me along next time
*You hate me
I can help and send u pics, DM me
Happy birthday love
Have a great one
Pillar of Democracy
Queensbay Regiustea
This was the first thing that made me laugh today. Enjoy your Sunday!
It's a parody account
when you know the love is real
Yep...this next tattoo gonna hurt like hell
Sunday morning new day new beginnings today will be a great day
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Ha ha. Ok, I see what you mean. My Mum lives in her own little cabin so we all have a little more privacy.
So you're looking out for yourself?
Me gusta
Looks lovely and peaceful...enjoy
Have a nice weelend, everyone
Photo by using Nikon D7000 with Nikon 35mm / F1,8
A lot of the best things in life are
Die for Nigerians...they'll ask your loved ones "Who sent you?"
Saudi Govt needs to hire a better "Script Writer". Maybe hire one from Pakistan, we've too many & too good.
I know all of those
Things that I love start with the letter C
Good morning from Turku. Have a nice Sunday everyone
Aw, thanks Richard
Mee
Yup Pau, miss this
Anyway, thank you.
The view from our balcony in Ruidoso
why I play Malzahar!
SPREADING HAPPINESS
Link?
happy sunday to you all first daily trip. holiday feeling
and to get ENGAGED in
Keep going.
since winter Saucie refuses to cuddle w me she just squeezes in between my boobs lol shes my bestie
Good way to stay healthy in social media
Thanks for watching hope you all have a nice relaxing Sunday
But also and of choice.
Ah, and = reliable established too.
See this has been a constructive exchange. And you have been very helpful. need to
Monster Cumshots One
how about you come meet me tomorrow
Jabbar
I think maybe you could have done a vote to see what we actually wanted rather then just say what we want bro
D-249 : hwaiting Tabi!!
Morning Dave thankyou.. You too.. Off out to sister in laws today
Thanks very much Nicki
thank YOU
with what I had, I did really well for PROUD OF MYSELF!!!
Thanks
I like how "Okay" solves and dissolves all arguments
Heck yeah! My bed feels so cozy haha, goodnight!!
Death is the end and that's okay
I just checked, presenting!! Not sure how i missed that. Will come find you
O'Reilly Auto Parts is looking for a Senior Java Developer Who Loves Puzzles at O'Reilly Auto Parts
At least we are No.2 in something
Lol we really stayed home all day and watched Halloween movies I love having the weekends free with my mans
Thank you Rich
Congats, loves!
Yes thank you.
Wakili you're rekindling memories here,you're out of order
Yo te vi ayer
Cup of coffee and on the radio. Sunday mornings don't get much better than this.
Of course it might have been your lovely Mum
your least favourite mutual says hello!
I thought it was stunning and definitely under-marked
Azure and I will be happy
Moin
Ajmo za Bgd
Ohh I was searching for this, thanks
pretty thank you and a very happy Sunday to you too xxx
-
-
Good Morning my friend Have a wonderful Sunday my friend
Same wishes for you as well
Happy Vibes all around
With a challenge like that is good. It will guarantee a win for Tony Abbott
May Maula a.s bless you guys and happy and safe journey
GOOD MORNING! COLD WEATHER, BUT I HAVE WARM CLOTHERS! ON THE ROAD TO ART MARKET... 2nf DAY. SEE YOU!
excited for the future
Faux locs. I'm thinking of doing these again
Absolutely! You're always welcome to stay at my place if you visit! I'll be in Tokyo next month so I'll get in touch!
18. My favourite season is Autumn And Winter because Christmas
fantastic! be better
Latest on my Youtube channel!
be trying this one
I'm fine and what about you
WANT TO WATCH YOUR FAVORITE TV SERIES ON NETFLIX? MAKE YOUR OWN PREMIUM ACCOUNT FOR LIFE
NETFLIX PREMIUM
Go India !
Congratulation for your ODI debut
Thank you! a small piece, it took 3 days
Morning everyone! hope you all have a lovely lazy If working today, stay safe and take care of
Hi po Inang! Can I ask po if magbebenta po ng official merchandise ang YG for WINKON concert?
Muchas gracias
see you there
See you tomorrow
is the most important movie in career
Hope it will be his highest grosser
And It has that
Pretty SoonWoo photocards from
Thanks for sitting with me ~ It was nice meeting you Have fun with
Morning, have a perfect
Yung nakangiti lang ako the whole time while watching the LS!!
Araw nyo to, ADN!!
Love Braithwaite, the aroma when you pass or go in.
nice shirt
hello dear , it's my pleasure
Grabe nmn... Di gnun c kath..
Welcome. Enjoy your day!
So hard to pick who will win this year! So many strong GMs, how can we choose? love to see win though.
Wow they change position
Hi Annie happy day to you sweeti
Welcome Live
Will have to check it out soon then, cheers bud
Who knows, will keep my eyes peeled
yes
But it's a game..
It doesn't show that any actor is not good
We are home indeed
But it makes so much fun!
Very well thank u
Awwwwww ofc hes there
actually md
Spot on
Do NOT follow this person they are rude and stupid and then blocked me for calling them out rt to let people
I'm with no men
have a great day
See you Guys daw sabi ni Leysam
Thank you
Aww congrats to you both
I have some resources for Rikki Tikki Tavi. DM me your email address and send them over.
I wait to start recipe testing
hello po
Me photo booth din po tayo! Go take pics with your mutuals!
New (1:1600)
ZenMonkey Slacklines Kit with Heavy Duty Tree Protectors, Pro-Grade Ratchet,
Watched twitch stream from beginning to end while playing Left 4 Dead 2 and wow, I ended my night right with that
Welcome Live
Y E Y
Most companies will send free how I got around it!
what happens..
Obviously too no. 1
Hi ! chat
My cousin worked on that airplane mural
will send you, and Tita Linda my clubhouse sandwich and lemansi red iced tea. Where to send it?
Adobe photoshop..
he's amazing great footballer and absolute gentleman , love him
How are you doing?
Speaking of stretch marks, mine are getting worse
Actually love the girls who you friends with but know off them that say better than my ex
Thank you
Miss you too! Kaya first. See you next time!
Hi Daniel. Sorry you have to go into work, but have a good day.
Good morning
Thank you for the
smiLe ka jan
Good Richard. We appreciate your support.
SHE: Headache
HE: kya howa mele shoni ko...ao dabao...sahi howa?
SHE: Haan
Doctor: Lanat ho meri degree pr
Always have your back Abhisek Rath
Celebrated the vote to keep the street open last night! Luckily the heads ok this morning absolutely thrilled
Bonjour, bon dimanche
This look ma des me crazy
happy birthday luv
Siap, hoobae
I feel the need to add a cookbook to my shelves...Which one should I buy, Twitter?
happy birthday beth!!
I remember Chester tweeting that, I sent a shit sandwich in a tweet to him I hope it made him smile
Omg
I'm so proud of myself
I'm not going to replace you promise
not going to say to coffee.
Show someone where my private keys are
Kobela
Which means the first daughter of the lady born son
A KATHNIEL SOCIAL SERYE
APARTMENT LOVE
eighty seven
Pls RT RT RT RT
You soft kiddo love ya too hun x
Thank you so much! We'll be informing you right away once the form is created
thanks
1st ODI at GUWAHATI
India won toss, BOWL first vs Windies
I'll be a and write a collection of short stories. Yayyy.
Un mundo ideal
New for "In The Red"
Just recently updated the story! If you want, you can check it out here
Happy Sunday morning to all those waking up with a hardon
Thanks for sharing with us
Your best asset is your smile. Don't forget to smile!
Ebenfalls!
Thank you
Trackliiiiiist
So cheering
Im currently watching
pleads with to leave in
where at ? The same elementary at in your avi ?
Uy nood kayooo. Oct 26 po free lang manood. Just pm me if go
Happy Chilled Sunday Everyone
Suprayssss
Good morning Firecrest
Welcome fam.
You guys have a good chemistry!
Ooh that's niceeeee! Hoping to meet you both too someday!
Good Morning Anette Have Wonderful Sunday my friend
In love with my new headphones. Awesome product.
Met this precious baby today & I am a little obsessed with them
welcome
Morning John
Goodbye to the serene city of osogbo, it was a good weekend
I'm SpongeBob SquarePants
I do anything The amazing show was all Alan, he really is
I think ima buy a size 16 just so I can make that my goal
Love the colour scheme
After 12 years still with me. Good marriage needs a lot of work
All this gadding about at conferences is great but someone's happy I'm home Good to be back,
Love the colour scheme
THANK YOU for the music you are a legend
REPLAY - Super Junior
Bias: Siwon
Thanks for making this GA
Thanks fam
A very Good morning and top of the league to you
just now seeing this but thank you!!!
hii pls check ur dm!
Keep your eyes peeled and your Thursday evenings free....
is very lovely
Mamamoo, girls generation, estoy empezando a escuchar a dreamcatcher son geniales
Bon dimanche tout le monde
Thank you
seo is there enjoy yourself pretty lady, you've earned it a million times over
You're an interesting family. Great bonding
Yongguk's Insta story
"Homework"
What kinda homework, hm?
Thanks Daniel. It's going to be a busy one, I think.
Influential i believe.. i could be wrong
Be sure to send me an IV when the time comes
Happy Birthday sweetheart God bless you alwaysss! More birthdays to come hihi Stay kind & sweet.
Have a great walk Fiona - I will be heading out with Meg shortly
I'm SpongeBob SquarePants
gonna come sleep on it
I do think you guys are the safest for the safety of the flight
InshaAllah 2 yrs and half to go let finish this happily
Soft leather tpu case
For iphone users only
Haha
Let him practice
gonna come sleep on it
But uploading a video tomorrow
wait any day now and my LAL hoodie will arrive
Your hair is so long, pretty and curly
good morning happy Sunday bit of a chilly one so wrap up if you're out and about make the most
Original c'est vrai
Hi Sir How are you.....
Glad you are doing OK, Ian. Yep, nothing like good music to settle things down. Hope you have a great night.
Just-tiis League!
Walang anuman, Gep!
RETWEET AND LIKE TO GAIN FOLLOWERS!!!
RT is slowly transforming- from a visionary entrepreneur to a visionary entertainer
Well I'm still thankful hehe Lord thank you sobra!! Yung grace mo grabe lang talaga!!
Love this picture, Antonia!
I miss you
Please read this article. Ang ganda. Hello po pakipromote po.
Happy Birthday Arshi
Stay Blessed
Legend of Bollywood
I don't think this will happen, but you never know what will happen for sure so we can have hope
Nice song from jhony mera naam o mere raja
Holly berries nearly ready
Good Morning
Edinburgh, United Kingdom
his cardigan
thank you rin harveyyy haha nairaos na rin natin. but we still have lots more to do hehu
You'll always be my friend
Sunday treat Breakfast in bed Cookies & Cream protein oats with fresh blueberries & Banana with a sprinkle of
Good morning to you too Terry.Thanks for your kind words..Hope your having a good day.
token of love for in
Sry to sry, i don't like to ship my bias
Thanks, neal
Arnab just now declared both sides lose the argument.. so as usual Arnab is the winner
McGonagall for me too
Oh yes, absolutely! Was my breakfast this morning
Keep him locked until he begs to do ANYTHING and EVERYTHING you demand
+ =
ty! yeah its one of my favorites! the atmosphere is great, and i adore lain. Texhnolyze has a
Kudos to all the officers of CEU-SHS-SC or whatever you call it. You did best!
for me too, I hope
Finally, nagkita din!
Thank you
You're very welcome
Nice ang song
> Great THANKS for your LIKE!!!
Adulting is the happiness when all your laundry is done
bakit nga ba nag switch ka from here
Some people have no sense of timing, do they?
Yeah I generally don't bother but I thought I might have a look and there was very, very little, but I liked this set
Thanks jorge and speed recovery please comeback in sepang
photos of my row at this lan (featuring someone's good luck pachimari) and the top of my desktop
about 10
Thank you Sonia!
official I got a chauffeur
Awww thank you x
Stellar $XLM price: $0.243885
Binance has stop loss feature to help protect your assets!
Thank you Tony - hope today is a wonderful one for you as well
Binance gives free money with airdrops!
Click here:
$BTC $ETH $XRP $XLM $NEO
My Sunday morning: a big mug of hot cocoa, pancakes, fluffy warm blanket, GBBO
Thanks
Happy 7th Bday Dylan Ancheta
My work here is done
Had such a great night, It was much needed
This me
A house near the city Then 1 or 2 flats, as a investition for my kids. And I'll give some $$ my family
Thank you I have amazing people surrounding me...like you all...& I'm the reflection
What time will you be on?
Chill beshy
Morning phil thank you.. You too.. Off to sister in laws today.. These jobs are getting longer for hubs have fun x x
Job done for me then
Thank you
Want to play casino ?? Look no further than this
No need to say thank u
Good morning Angie, have a great day
good morning
thank you so much for the retweet
Joanne have a fabulous day and be happy xxx
2 new artwork this week
Understand. Maybe relax at the piano for a bit...
Hallo oppa
Good morning sugarplum! Thank you, hoping you have a super-duper day too. XXX
Will do legend. You too!
Hello po
I see why Twice is NGG of Korea because they have this two.
Follow Thank you!
Ansara Rugby League
caption cud be da Ref .. or me
tone langsi seket cam YB tu
*in life..
Happiest Birthdayy Thanks and sorry sa lahatt mbtc and tca Enjoy your day and have a blast
thank you for the sympathy!
Never thought cuddling and kissing could be that great! It was new for me
November 16th, I think He is gonna perform with NCT 127 and James something I don't
Adding ADE on my bucket list
thank you so much for the retweet
love my reaction
Thank you, I will and you also
Prefer the term 'Nerd' personally doll, but I totally feel we're you're coming from
Just look at the pretty face
brilliant do you think that a girl like this would be interested in an ageing stick insect like you
Good morning Anna, have a lovely day
Good morning PlanetTv, please play me ABCD friend zone by PnB Rock
My latest
Wow
Hello Spooky It's great to be here!
Super-duper Sunday to you too, sweetness XXX
She finally sleep now I just need a nice booty rub
yeay!
What is your nickname?
Thank you but no thank you
Our first baby boy.
Maybe you?
Good morning John my friend
I love this one, better than some of the more colourful ones to be honest. Did you get wet knees?
coming
Yeah, stuff like that would have increased my overall score
I had better stop tweeting about it then
Hi Sue, thanks for following me. Pinned tweet that i have about no followers is purely there just
No T1 / SK telecom T1 No for Korea
Morning Kim thanks lovely.. You too.. Nice lazy start xx
Cute
Miss Earth beauties in Tabaco City, Albay
Ang
Good morning everyone
Two of my favorite people
Time to catch a power nap. MotoGP done, Warriors game this afternoon
Ifb guys
Perfect Sunday
Like every other day
God is good
My Sunday morning: a big mug of hot cocoa, pancakes, fluffy warm blanket, fave tv show
Thank you!
I love the black version It reminds me of everything about myself I once tried to hide, but
thank you for tonight my babies. I'll be back online on Monday and zzinkzz please check your messages on
Where are you from? I'm kind of new to ACE but ur acc Is very helpful WELCOME BEAUTIFUL SOUL I'm
Finally a COD i enjoy.
I want to do a with another anyone ?
My night got ruined but ohh well fuck me
They're the best thing ever, aren't they? My boy is 18, and I still get hugs and "I love you mom". Makes life worth living
I got my French toast
Wow mukhang masarap mga selections nila lalo na yung pasta and the pizza
Gracias
Aww, thank you so much Gratefully received xx
Maybe you?
sigi ate, youre welcome po
Glad they disappoint.
Hi Chrissie! Thanks for following back
Morning lovely nice buns, HAGD
Find me.
Oh wow!!!! That's a stunning photo, absolutely beautiful! Hope you have a very happy Sunday
Danke
Should've had the pumpkin one ok told you about it's delicious....just about to slap some bacon on mine
Your welcome Have a nice time
Waiting for 4:30pm mass
SUCCESS - not alway visible
The pic was cute on vid!! I was giving my initial thoughts
Hi stranger
I actually had a good time today, been a while, I feel happy me comin on
100% no more words needed
Thank you Alyn.
I'm waiting us
Merci beaucoup
Screw her and here's to her opponent,may they beat her into the dust.
I found this cool halo song on piano and thought you might like it
Ps
Hi UTM.
.
Welcome home to myself.
.
Hi UTM.
.
Welcome home to myself.
.
Thank you Steve
Ahhhhhhh
Me too, I almost retweet, but here it is
Thanks Mel it was lovely xx
Is Cartimar open on Sundays?
Thank you.
Anyone else excited for this handsome fellas mixtape to drop?!? I know I am! congratulations we're so
How cute
Thanks and I hope you feel better soon
Ohhh okayyy. Nanti i survey. Thanks for the suggestion!
Goldstone: via amazing films - pp
The tweet made me smile and I now have the song running through my head - thanks
sticking to this prediction
Cody Lane Screams Being Fucked Roughly & Hard
Thank you Steph
Thank you Fiona - done amazingly well yourself as well
Thanks a lot
Good morning we open at 11am today . Come along to buy and . Here are a few book
I did say to each his own. So, respect na yun.
Looks great Ruth!!
Happy Sunday Anna, I will provide sunshine
Happy Birthday!
Morning
Yep, i know! I've been mainly referring to that
Wishing well
oof thank you
Huge congrats to all those short listed Great to see 6 NPS staff there, including the Mids own Barbara Tudor!
x
lucky Skye (given how much shot up) run and jump on you, that was her plan!
The best images of the Swedish driver at Barcelona in TCR Europe
So proud of you boys! Sending hugs & kisses all the way from Philippines. Keep on going!
Anything for a friend even though never met.
Got all my friends drinks tonight, the power of gouyad
It definitely will! I have two friends with MS and will forward your advice. Thank you for writing this post
By all means do , please
Biz Diyarbakir Genclik Festivaline
Oh.. so no more staring game with this two? Looking really good
Respeto para sayo
Sabi knina sa preaching sa church that "Love is prioritizing other's highest
Happy sunday peeps
.
.
.
Happy sunday
7 days to go and I'll see you again
The bottle makes me feel better
Naan innum earn pannavey illa
to one of the most amazing person in my life.
(ma delete tanang thread pero dili ni )
you know I am not
Just seen that now... I mixed up with that.. Typo error.. Actually meant kuldeep over chahal anyday
Luvin your cock there's eating and drinking on it
ANGGANDAAAA , az olweiz! Pweds pazense nung Libra?
Feel like my period is almost here and here i am ordering ice cream
GV yung weather i feel so heavy pero G pa rin! Lavaaaaaaaan!!
810M and COUNTING.
May naka-sched pang screenings sa HK, NYC, Vietnam & Indonesia.
Iba ang
lol fuck there's no way I'm using the men's restrooms because guess what sweetie, TRANS WOMEN ARE WOMEN. Period
Darling, promise me that no matter how much the pain the world gives you, never give the pain back to anyone
Thank you ICON Academy for the seminar.
Good Morning Peeps
Happy Sunday
a lovely bright and sunny
To my village people, this is only one good thing you guys did and fine with it
Mfs need to leave me tf alone & thats it. Goodnight
IFB, no dulling ooh
Hi
Thanks Roy Slow but fun and beautiful area
Everyone is beautiful!
Hey sun
Another great Sunday morning
Great to see our
Today's roast will be roast beef with all the trimmings
Shoppee habol lng sa Lastday sales after church
Yes! I remember they told that story on Life Bar
Thank you Angie and likewise my friend
Great thank you! How are you?
my birthday!!! My baby made it to 60!!!
Lord, been sooo
"Fuego" Amigo
My handsome boy with Mickey cap
When you wake up in the morning and after 30 seconds realise that it's a Sunday
Jackpot! Hahahaha Nice to see you Thank you! Novotel Manila Araneta Center
So good to be in a country where you can just escape Rugby... Bliss
I do this tbh, the exact opposite. Hope they have fun with the VIP girls though
with lots of love
Thank you
This video actually makes me really happy
good morning
Happy birthday dear
More grace and blessings
Good morning Rob, have a great day
Pra dormi Mec
Thank you
pretty brown eyes
Jgh
Should have said - Lazy Sunday Afternoon
Thx I just woke up
Who are they?
nice to meet you We are an indie game studio and we make active experiences for all audiences. We are French
If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not with people or things.
Good morning my friend, Happy Sunday to you too
Moin leeve Jong
This is so adorable
Alhamdulillah for everything
Good morning hope you do reply. Try and tweet you but mostly I don't hear back from. You
cr.@mickeygirl_ct
Bon dimanche tous
Aameen and may allah grant you with the same.
People's nature:
Easy going : calm ,relaxed
Like me
Broadminded:Accepting new ideas...skipping negative
Morning
So bald guy with beard can be lucky meeting You, when he has respect
Fab, thanks!! Looks great
if i ever let you borrow money or bought you something in high school, imma need that money back by summer pls ty
good morning
emails are sent 1 grand prize winner and 3 second prize winners
Morning Jaime
Me neither (anymore) so best you stay with us on this side of the pond. P.s been too long
Thank you
I can't believe Pornhub and I have been together 10 years already (17 Photos)
Oh it's day 2 na!
02. Song I like with a number in its title.
22 - Taylor Swift
Let not Sunday be a Sad-Day, Smile!
Aw ne eonni, it's my first time talking with you, but let's get closer
hopefully everthing gonna be okay inshaAllah
Awesome
Please count me in xx
First win of the season !
HEHEHEZ.
Thank you!!
doing alright, thank you for asking
Lol you already know
BFFs !!!
YES NA YES! WELCOME PO LAHAT
Sugarol by Maris Racal
Da Jefferson
Hello I can communicate with my God from my house , Demons go to church too.
Singed by :
Rugged Believer
Thanks Kay, they certainly are
Buy Karlyle Tomms products! YOU COULD BECOME SEXIER, SMARTER AND RICHER! Access at
Ahora mismo en muchas gracias
Awwugghh... thanks very much
Genuinely very touched.
How did you know?
Thanks I'll try
I won't settle for short ugly poor people cause of a fact I saw on the internet
Good morning Carrie
focus on guys
I lost you in my notifications, sorry about that.
Puff pass.
That's all I gotta say.
i hope everyone is having a wonderful day!
kurang yuta
Your kids must be so proud that you're their mum
baby beautiful bootyholes anal ass
you want following me on Twitter please let me know
You dms open, could you open them please
Morning
Current view Happy Sunday
Stress free and care free. unbothered boo
Mood:
Is something more cute?
Go to church and stop listening to Christian music on a Sunday
Everyone must watch it
Hopefully all is good for you yeah
Thank u
ass do I need to beat?!?
p.s. ILY bby and excited to meet you soon
Happy birthday little brother. Enjoy. You can send me your account number on 2go, we rise by lifting others
Thanks Helen is it church today? X
Aww thanks Nikki
Da agora fica serio
Jefferson
Wala man ako dyan ngayon, fam, you can read something I wrote hanging on this tree!
Thank you lord for this day
Looking forward to another day.
Happy Sunday peace na tayo
Remember this??
no. New shoes it is you want a pair? buy them for you
So a big fence fell on my car because of the wind , my shit got fucked up , now I have a big hole on my nice car
You're very welcome
I have my phone muted when I'm asleep, so they never wake me up
Where do you usually hold your meetups? They're usually at central locations like cityhall and smaller
Also adorable
Thank you, David!
Good morning Emma
Aww thanks Nicki, have a fab day...
Daddy Bae is here
My heart
Thankssss! so excited
Thanks I Will ofcourse
Aw tico! Thanks
My warm regards to her.
Happy Sunday mayzee wish you a fantastic day
We say thank you!
dm me if youre interested in buying tickets with commission
I made another
good morning
be back Davao
-
Sports Bras Are Pretty Damn Hot
The silent movie was very different John. Bet that was fun to film?
I've never experienced anything like it. The energy and the sensation of hope was the best thing
Awww Vernon inspired Soonyoung to become a less impatient person and to just go at his own pace, beautiful
akala ko si prin tas ally mag best friends anyare? not in the right position to answer that
No, it's from the datin game
Having a Good Time With You
I Love You.. Thank You Daddy KhOii
Bore da! x
Thanks Tony, I hope you and Jane shall have a kindness filled day too
Danke! Relaxing Sunday! :)
Yes I need one
Craving satisfied
Spicy spaghetti
Thanks to myself,
Good morning
Loving the kinky boots vibe
Followback
Look at zabdi's face!!!
And look at Chris... Eating spaghetti and meatballs..Still looking cute
Funniest pic
I saved the picture
A very sexist tweet ..and very wussest too
Always be my happy pills
Goodnight cutiee
hello, if you perhaps want to sell it. please dm me
wait for the official release!
Thank you! Definitely my favourite place in to relax and explore. be back again soon
Thanks for the Steve ! Have a super Sunday !
I can Like and RT ryt?
Lets make Gabriel an official one
happy
From 22 to 27, those are kinda matured
Very beautiful place
please do, cos it's meant to be
Moi j' aime bien
Good luck
Since day 1 x
[2018.10.20] Book Expo
Sana less toxic people na ang dumating sa life ko this coming 2019.
Brilliant!!! Well done Rich, good luck. the taking part that counts
Thank you
Happy Weekend to all with 's amazing booty Kisses!
Oh cool check them out! Thanks!
When you believe that sun will shine again
Good morning you all
Spending another day on the couch, I have at least one fan
re-reading them again too (just on 7). Im really not a fan of the films much. Currently I just
Hello
Have a great day
can
Welcome
This particular X-ray is definitely interesting
Great News! Your life will be made richer in so many ways
Give your gloves to the pant
but you're the best yoonmin fansite for me
please take care of yourself too Celestial
So welcome my friend
Car selfies are the future of high speed transportation (50 Photos)
Thanks for the Dave ! Have a super Sunday !
Great set Steph, glad you saw it
Tigers, please get a 5th foul on that Ildefonso kid. I'd like to see him and his extended arms leave the court.
I spoke to you at you come off as rude. We introverts know our own!
Thank you, Lucy Looks interesting, I'll have a read
Believe it or not? I believe this is true, it was happening to me
So good to finally meet you too!
Just done yours ! M4M
NCT In Paris :
GOT7 In Paris :
Thank you
This made me happy
Are u talkin bout the OPIUM of the ppl this morning ?
Thanks
Thanks for coming
Jk
I think it might be 20 odd years too late but hey worth a go!
cc
Have an awesome trip to Cinque Terre, can't wait to see your photos
Mono comes out tomorrow
I wish I could!!! Not the best with drawing people!
Check us out by following the link below
We don't just build bug houses... all of our garden wildlife need safe places to rest, nest and shelter
Yes love?
Hope you will be the forth neurosurgeon in Malaysia
, Hope to win today Amazon
Thank you Mike and yourself
Camp is Horrible but be fine and enjoy it
yep.
Thanks so much. A pleasure to speak at the event
Thanks for the PS ! Have a super Sunday !
Thank you
Indulge yourself into his charm
Hug the reality whatever it may be and yes
Waiting for Your Health Bulletin
Look at zabdi's face!!!
And look at Chris... Eating spaghetti and meatballs..Still looking cute
Funniest pic
Awwwwww Adorable
Looking forward to getting some sessions done with you next week
Another day of fabulous learning at University Of Huddersfield
WE STILL HAVE THESE BABIES. COME AND FIND US
10,000 FOLLOWERS !!!
In less than TEN months!
I thank all of you!
I love all of
Best place to get tacos? messing with you How about best place to grind?
You're welcome
Ahhh so much easier these days never really needed much except for the usual thank you and excuse me.
Awieee congrats batch!!
Many thanks for all the Follows, Likes and RTs! Really, really appreciate it
Done, followback please?
Thanks for supporting us! Hope to see you next season
I hate PSG but I love OM
Aww she's lovely isn't she Certainly a good time to come back..
Thank you for your support Stephen
She will be with Tej so not a family villain, it will be Shivaay villain
Someone who wanted to
I green arrowed with 40 points.
My first below 50 score of the season.
Fashionable Last day looknya harus wow ya
Miss You ~
My boyfriend takes the bes pictures of me
Good morning Kate
been so looking forward to today, as first day this week no
have lunch after service
ohh i see thank you so much!! thank you!!
BDZ
i saw so many tweets that the tix sold out in a blink of an eye! i do hope you can get tix for their sg concert
D'accord
I'm a Michigan fan but family and friends attended Purdue, so l LOVED this game!!
Morning everyone, i hope you will all have a great sunday ,. I am off to work soon. What are you all up to today?
Happy 18th to my longtime friend have a great day bro
Thank you for sharing
Thank you
Happy Birthday Manfred !!!
how was it?
And 2 firsts!! Well done you guys
Good Morning Lisa Have a nice day Take care of Yourself
Big round of applause for starting this
initiative. Good work
Hi teman se-felixnation...km prefer dy jd cutie, pretty ato hottie?? For science ini hahha btw kita
Me too
Power of sadaqah
Sounds lovely do u not drink on Sundays x
welcome I hope the show went well
Thanks so much
a day and yes that would be my sister sitting while the girls practice and run drills.
Yeah, no need to mention , but thanks
literally about to cry this is too cute!! so happy for you two!
Well done and thank you
Aww thank you. tell my boy. be so happy
Good afternoon...
It was so nice to meet you!!!! Pls come hang again soon
Happy weekend
Wishing you a weekend that full of love and laughter!
.
Yup
but still it wont be forever
firts learn, then earn
That's a dream Good night
Happy to all current and ex-serving matelots
HAPPY 18TH BIRTHDAY STAY FLAWLESS AND WHITE HEHE GOD BLESS!
rather impressed. I only screen-multitask like that at home!
Thanks
Yes for this.
alright I'm done being childish
Good morning Phil
Yesss
I so want this for Xmas (hint, hint to anyone out there feeling generous)
Absolutely beautiful colourful flowers lovely happy Sunday my dear friend your pictures are
So beautiful, made me smile!
Base baluu ayo follow
Sarah is the embodiment of trick or treat
Good morning guys.I have so preach it
Someday Mahahanap Rin Kita Mr.Right
feeling loved
We are now live on Facebook Follow the link below to enjoy the service
Thank you
Yup i know
Brota
This has been on my list to try for a while now.
That is how should feel.
Happy anniversary
My daughter Tula (6) started reading it last night, she is loving it, not even put it down during breakfast!
I live in a 'smart village', we talk to each other.
FAIS LE
Ahhhhh hello Sunday Morning time to relax!
Get the kettle on, your feet up and play with us on Sky Bingo
Both you and Variety left It Follows off the list.
But yours has Tucker and Dale vs Evil so you win.
Welcome
Loved every little bit of it! Hope to see more in the future
!
Jgn stress2 ok
Very nice to meet you again, Masternim! Many thx for your sharing.
hi aishu angel, hw r u i am ur big fan & twitter follower i will not ask u to reply
Thank you
Thank you Stacey
Doing great. Alhamdhulillaahi.
Hope you are doing well too
promesa!
.
.
.
This just melted my heart, what a legend
Supporting Leicester Since He was Born
Want to stay connected on Facebook? Like our page at
i can't wait to see your drawings
Living the dream. Off on holiday to India in January. wait
Stay stretchy! Regular yoga classes at alien bloc.
Thank you
Have a great everyone
Check out the at Town! Sing your way to Singapore and catch top musical acts this afternoon
i'm sorry about that, but thanks for the info.
I enjoyed the book very much.
Everyone is getting on my nerves today why am I even outside
And what a surprise that will be
Resolution of Soldiers Dragon Ball Z
+
Exclamativas.
Giving reward for myself!
Morning all . Come to the Woolpack and have your Sunday roast cooked for you. Roast Beef Lamb or Pork today. Vegetarian options available
x
lucky Skye (given how much shot up) run and jump on you, that was her plan!
I love how the petals form her shinobi outfit
Thank you! I really like it too.
Appreciate the little things
Happiness overload
Such a sweet moment to see how deep their bonding is
only spent $22 dollars on overalls today that was originally $78 shit made me so happy
Oh okay. I'm enlightened thanks
i like you kase u're very beautiful and para kang baby sometimes hope to see u soon
Early morning dip in the salty water to make the boo-boos go away Buenavista, Agusan del Norte
Sky to match at the Eithad yesterday
Thank you
Thank you
What a beautiful Sunday morning
Maybe December. I might be in then.
So I'm gonna be a rebel of my own system and keep going with Prey today! Day 2
Live now:
Record breaker
You're so polite, Christian
Que linda foto
Morning
You are welcome thanks so much for the follow too
You definitely should!
Ithellam nethu molacha puthu cookers panra vela I'm pro, na lam adakama irupen
Thank you Val what a super choice. get it packaged up today and in the post to you
the pic of Atchisonian Ahmadzeb is sitting near teacher holding a paper i doubt it he was a record holder
Thank you Judy
Support I like Video On YouTube
Ahh I see, thank you for clearing that up But I wasn't informed that bagets can be used for boys
Sunkissed Happy Sunday
I need this gif. Where can I get this gif?
Done all the rules! follow me back please
Tantalizing Stare of a Hot Shemale
Good luck sa Finals future CPA uyyy shukran!!! much appreciated
Happy birthday!
08128285961 airtel dm me o pls thanks
ONE DAY I'M GOING TO GO TO MY MUM WITH MY PREGNANT GIRL JUST TO POINT AT HER BELLY AND SAY "MAMA I MADE IT"
And to you Kim
I'm happy to do it at a flat $15 though for you if you're keen
would really like if you could buy the 2 tixx na
Er has shrunk a bit
Happy birthday mate! Hope you've had a great day
.I Love U Too
always wanted this to happen!
Just be happy because Sunday
Congratsss!
Totally recommend it Emma
Thanks Judith
Tranquille
Your welcome have a wonderful day Stella
thank you
Wow Sabine , it's magnificent !! Happy Sunday !! wish you a wonderful day
China. Pasalubong ni red
LOL. sis, trust me.. it was a shit show and she needs a new man ASAP
Good morning Mike . Great gif thank you . I've not seen that one before.
Happy Birthday to the man I love best wishes on you ..
Sounds like you have him well in hand
Day is done.
You too, my friend!
The sun is shining and all is well with the world
That's hand hold look so soft.
Good morning Shaz Dull and wet here. Think this rain is on for the day. Have a super Sunday X
What a woman pure class
Thank you John!
His happiness gives me happiness
Waiting for pups to pop really soon
Hello Philippines want you back!
thank God realized this
Omg she looks as gorgeous as you are you sure you're not her sister
Ano gusto mong flavor love
When i move from Montgomery its gone be for the better
Sitting here patching myself up
He's on number 1 trending here in Indonesia
Uffffffff phir de chocolate & dher sare fruits ...Thanku Thanku
I want you to be happier
What are you up to?
5:01pm - stomach growled at all. weirdddd lol just drank a cup of water just now and it feels great
Don't know what my schedule is for my 2nd sem but
I had on a cute outfit today got tons of compliments even from my man. Made me feel good!
Awesome Thanks guys x
I found it cheap buying at the street stall. Around $1.5 Its not that big but sweet
Thanks
I very much appreciate the symmetry beautiful photo
Good morning! The Galleria is so beautiful! Thank you and have a good Sunday!
Binance has the highest trading volume on any exchanges
Click here:
$NANO
Gonna stick on a episode of once and get ready for the day might even film my makeup
Just like the good old days
This is such a nice article, thanks
Lo he hecho muchas veces, y si, es genial...
This is de kind of woman I wanna marry.. .
Cool pictures! her hairs looks so vibrant!
I'm not getting up! You can't make me!!!!
My dream is Watching Tatum on match I love you Tatum
Arrrrr aren't they just adorable together happy for you connor lovely to see u happy again u deserve a great love story
Amazing voice
Stop tapping TF contributors Mark.
Wallpapers , if you like
Hi it would be better if you hire translators since uhm ya know international fans exists. Thank me later
Happy Sunday!
Today I am training to be an Insanity trainer!! go
Welcome back to Europe/Uk good to have you back !
My pleasure Mark. Thank you. I will do. You take care. Hope those ears are settling down and antibiotics are helping
I can't,thanks for everything.
I will certainly do, Rania. Thank you
See you in a bit.
Nandun na si leysam
Thank you
Say no more mamascita
to the green land county of kericho we bring you these talented boys doing their thing..
Good morning Nicola, you're very welcome and thank you too. Enjoy your Sunday
At this rate, the prediction that they'll have a comeback on december or early 2019, likely will happen
Thank you
Pretty damn fine, great company cool tunes
Maniratnam ok ayyunte mana Babu ni eepatiki ye character lo chusevallam Miss ayyindhi
Blessed
Don't blame all of the boys, it is your man that has a problem. Wag sana lahatin.
You're welcome
YI thank you lovely and hope you have a super Sunday too x
When you wake up in the morning and after 30 seconds realise that it's a Sunday
nah fuming, trust anyone but your fucking self
be okay, get better, be just fine. Just be happy for me. I love you go on, I let you go
yahoo!!! when you do GOOD THINGS GOOD THINGS happens
Got today's inktober done earlier than expected and I'm happy with it
yes po thank you! hehe
SUNDAY!!!!!!!! You could even have dessert too 12-2, our ice cream desserts are served all day
Just want a break from all these shits.
MILK BEFORE CEREAL?! The right way to have breakfast
about to sleep good
Hi Carats I will be giving out Minghao photostrips during
Reservation is at $0.50 for two
That was fun! Thank you for walking down the memory lane with us, !
Morning all! Have a chillaxing day
Excited about all the ppl who had their first taste of political activity yesterday. Go one better...join a pol party! I suggest
There is always a reason to smile
Black and white
Thank you for your feedback. We all need to support each other in this life!
I'd give this to my bf for Christmas
Wow! Will do, thanks so much yet again Richard
Penge project Bes
Hope the rest helps. Great name for your cat she needs her own cuppa
Word: Beauty
Synonym: Hijab Girl
Love seeing ours customers happy
she look fab wearing Fun&Fun bottoms & sweat teamed with Xti pumps &
Follback?
Pleased those classes are helping Tracey
im glad hairstylists are listening
AVAILABLE NA PO ULIT YUNG NETFLIX AND SPOTIFY!!!
SORRY PO SA MGA HINDI KO NAREPLYAN NGAYON LANG PO ULIT NAGKAROON
DM NALANG PO
My pleasure
The 7 1/2 Deaths of Evelyn Hardcastle or Renegades or if you have another one in mind?
Yes, we donate around a ton to foodbanks yearly
I don't think "open borders" are your problem
Lovely sunday morning thankyou being woke by the kids jumping on my head have a good day
That's the last day of my walwal days
Just thought to share this again
Actually fuming woken up to a cracked screen
i understand hhehe btw thank you for the effort to do giveaways hehe
Happy Birthday to the man I love best wishes to you .. and may you live to see many more ..
me gusta
Wasn't even writing then
Happens to the very best of us! It's normal!
Says the one who is a crackpot!
Believe me!
Thanks CC x
Good morning Mona, welcome back! Is there anything that we can assist you with today?
Exactly. I feel same way. ever see a nude photo of me or a nipple on my twitter, website etc.
We marched for all those who couldn't be there too. You were with us
Send one to me
The autopublish! But yeah, I'm with you.
Thriller
Magnifique
Hey Muhammad! Can you please DM us your registered contact number? We'll have this looked into for you
My heart is going burst that was soooo beautiful
happy birthday Rk
Happiest birthday!! God bless you
Follback?
Thank you xx
Look at this baby right here Remember the holidays are coming and the best colors to wear is Red, Green, Blue
Today was very needed... drowning in school, work, and my show. It was nice to get out and hang out with the funnest people I know
Hi Ruthie! I was wondering could you please follow also my ig
Hi Aarthi... Im so happy
Indeed, Pi is still look so cute some times
Happy Sunday
either you know or you know. still a lot to learn and a lot of lives to save. Do your best. Always.
Congrat bebe!
I'm from cavite but I can meet you there! Hehe
Thank you so much, Oscar You're making us blush!
We're always striving to give you the best service possible
No honestly..Thank you
MUTLU PAZARLAR HERKESE
Nah all good
B.A.P Forever with you
THERE IS SOME POINT IN MY LIFE WHERE I WIST TO BE WHAT XIAOGUI'S HOLDING CAUSE HELL AT LEAST HE'S HOLDING ME
Wow, I got lucky. I got my favorite female character as main.
Mon: Oct 8
Got cake from the bday girl
Throats are open
Because it makes me look pretty
Thank you
You make it easy by posting good things!
Daily routines
Lots of good ideas here for after you are elected.
Na immerhin
Katja is part Margot Robbie part Scarlet Johansson (26 Photos)
My Mac come on yesterday. The unplanned break felt so good
YEEES YEEES! Thank you
Smile of the day Enjoy your Sunday and come see our show at 6.30 pm tonight! (c) Foto: Rolf
having all sorts of beautiful thoughts about my daughter right now that smile
300K Loves on Instagram
Thank You To Each & Every Follower for the Wonderful Support to our Page
Special
Thank u charl
Thank you so much You always make me happy. You are the friendliest fansite ever seen
Very elegant! Happy anniversary to you both
Listen to or read Khudaya taa khpal janaan ghwarama i am in love with that
Sir we are waiting eagerly
Oxtail prep for the slow cooker underway
Adorable smile with glowing eye always keep it up
Good Morning
+ +
Thank you
For me, good is essential
They are also on my Redbubble store!
Ha ha how cute
Shame you didnt join us babe
Thank you for the compliment
Great to hear
Now speak to other WP about it. what bring an ally is. Because if there is any
Melodies, you can still register your school
He removed his earrings for this event.
Love you.
Lol.. Sorry dear
You gonna shoot right next time
Recommend a horror movie please
Ooh a splish in the tub sounds like a good call. I'ma do that when I come off later it's my
Up in the Yorkshire Dales now so yes looking forward to some down time with Dad and daughter x
Congrats!!! just having breakfast and our cd starts in an hour ... excitement ...
If you place your order and pay it straightaway, you might be entitled to get free blindfold!
Thank you
Till we make it famo
Well, that "O" represents oats for me
Congratulations Team Tamara Mellon !!! ...
We certainly do!
Thank you
HBD to Sarah! I mind my job...Im not too serious about my career...I just my calling! What a
Super Junior
So cute
.
.
.
superjunior kimheenim
dm-ed you
All of
I really like it!
Good job!
Beautiful scenery beautiful landscapes beautiful surroundings amazing breathtaking scenery lovely
Ripple $XRP price: $0.462236
Binance registration is now OPEN for limited time!
She poke his heart
Likewise You're an energetic act to follow on Sunday morning! Good today.
Thanks! I look into it
say thank you to mr cameraman
Good Morning xx Prudhoe
No is it too late to live stream
I definitely will
Happy happy anniversary!!
At least I can say I never cheated on you
Yeah the state GA it's 4am here
You can by a book of them. Black and white only though.
Catholic
Thank you for staying and sharing our dream in 3months . Iloveyou and i think is our end
for the follow
For tonyt only on
Don't miss it
Pc :
Love
Daily Photo !!!
PS. Iron Man is my 7 year favourite Superhero so thank you
We got so many juicy questions! Thanks for sending them spilling all the tea; his age, job, & many
Thank you! Nice to know people enjoy my pictures
Barbie looks so in the outside but empty in the inside.
To you! Downy as a solid fan of Kisses Delavin i apprecaited you a lot stay humble ! Thank U
Ping
this year I was good
We've had 3 packs in our house already
Back to BR in the morning
I be London boy na. Code D!
Or Rob... just get a boy friend... it would suit you much better
Hi Emily, did you mean our new Chipping foodhall? It's set to open towards the end of January, so not long to wait now
Thanks for posting it
Morning, good thanks
Well good to know! Thanks Julietshine, just trying to understand it all better
Jiminshii?
Uy crush ingat ka always
Thank you and you
Gotta have a Goldie in the garden
Thoda dard hota but I m managing do only original , but not any political or social
You can watch it with subs here:
Value of $EOS is: $5.45
We verified that Binance is accepting new users!
Thank you soooooo much!
Injoye hope u have a craking time
If you are, then so am I. And I'm happy about it.
Thanks- good luck finishing the thesis!
Moin
how it goes ! as long as it was worth it
Lovely stuff Mark. Good to see another DF user. They almost seem a rare breed! Love mine
3 yema cake and 4 Heavenly chocolate cake still available Pm :)
Not on my phone.
So lovely.
When you wake up in the morning and after 30 seconds realise that it's a Sunday
Someone from made/edited a cover photo (or however it is called) for my story. I don't know who but thank you.
sachabitat We're glad to be a part of this great cause. Thank you - NFA
Always been frightened of that happening. Going to stick with paper
() ()
Technically that's not a roundhouse kick.
Qui est ce matin ? RT et DM
Good morning
Thank you!
Watch this short video It gave me happy tears.
Ohohohoh gracias lo
Thank you...
OTIS (8 YEARS OLD) & INCA (10 YEARS OLD) ARE WAITING FOR A HOME TOGETHER -*COULD POSSIBLY LIVE WITH A CAT/DOG!*
Watched Johnny English Strikes Again (@ SM The Block Cinema 3)
Thank you xxx
DearDiary, life is beautiful isn't it? For even if no day is perfect, there'll always still be something good
Hi dear!! Like always thanks for your friendship How are you?? I hope you are very well and
Amazing what happens when us little twerps get a bit older. Good on you, and your boys.
yeah~ and than sakuchan
Nope
Please see DM
Breakfast on the terrace this morning - view acceptable
Thanks for posting our judges audition
At Pak Malen...
Me: Do you have a menu?
Waiter: Just one menu.
Me: What?
Waiter: Babi Guling
Me: Babi Guling
Greatly deserved
imma wolf.. i can handle it
Thank you glad you like it
Pork sisig + potato chips + samanco + fries
(nctea) WTS
Doyoung pc emphaty reality ver 150k boleh nego
Beautiful sunset lovely very tranquil very peaceful beautiful
Robinson
Happy birthday babe Acosta Leonel
My girlfriend has the best family
She looks wonderful! You are very talented
ignore tweets. thanks.
Ok, one day vacation approved
Thank you for staying and sharing our dream in 3months . Iloveyou
Morning, Dawn
staying in bed in my van at the beach
How sweet
A mums gotta do what a mums gotta do
You should do that alot more then
No worries
When you've been waiting ages for food and the waiter walks past with someone else's order.
gidownload jud
My beautiful long distance sister, you mean everything to me. you seriously are the best
followed oppa
Nope. Basta pag export mo, select "highest possible quality"
centre left too, definately not a socialist
Simply Adorable
Thanks for sharing
And that ends a most wonderful weekend in Queensland meeting and teaching and playing Thanks to The Travelling
Loved something.. let it go.. and now it's back..
When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry ,remember that god has given you a thousand reasons to smile
What a great team you have. Do they just need food for payment
Vreme bo. Vi pa kukr
Good morning Hana I wish you a happy sunday
I can't wait lovely Jenn . This is the best time in my life with where performs
Thanks
Plenty left
Un beau match, bravo vous !
Good morning
please check out my poem/song
ATEEEEE FOLLOWBACK MO PO ULIT MGA FIRST 20 MAG LIKE NETOOO SIGE G ULIT!!!
U are welcome
hello if anyone could please click make so knk can come london i shall forever be in your debt
Ccv prod Madras talkies .. vaangi dist panathu Lyca.. kno d facts..
Subscribe My YouTube Channel For more.
My YouTube Channel | Nitish Kushwah Vines |
Keep Supporting me.
Keep calm. Everything will be fine cring. TRUST GOD!
I love how the girls unashamedly do things that would have been considered as shallow, taking back the power
Before marriage a man must ave give her mother and her wife a good relationship
To see each other happy
I'm a fashion chameleon so yeah. I like mixing things up. I love to wear dresses and be feminine,
Thanks
Not pelumi tho'..
Und hast du gut geschlafen?
Sundays are for pancakes
Yeah and even Roberts then Spencer before that for us older folk
ohh is this miss pia's real account? Thank u so much for following..
got me there
In fact they feel more than we ever will I think
Hi Carats I will be giving out Minghao photostrips during
Reservation is at $0.50 for two
Aww thank you so much
*puppy eyes* please go on . are they mates? is shownu the possessive one? oMYGHAAAAAD
These would be fab
Hallo Uschi
You can see the sample in November. Thank you.
You can ask me anything over here:
Super Stepdad has blocked me, can someone put a screenshot of his tweet in this thread
A lot of people
Thanks
Oh really??? terrific Helen
ipho da ba roommate.
He was just saying what's in the food boxes
Happy Sunday
Thankyou Jeroen
James Authur does it again
Can't wait
Super Stepdad has blocked me, can someone put a screenshot of his tweet in this thread
Sunday Motivation from yours truly
Thank you here for you if you need anything
Good and right decision. Implications for those who shy away!
Morning Becca
And zoya hooda is all ready for the war!
Enjoy
Thank you. This whole journey back has been a complete farce. Enjoy your time up north
Autumn is the season of peace and happiness.
I wish you a happy Sunday dear pic
Thank you
Jd asistennya.
Your the 3 rd person to say that... Bradley Cooper took singing lessons for his part
Thanks for sharing
Cardano $ADA price: $0.068465
Huge coin selection, low fees, and very reliable! Join Binance!
Ha ha , oh Carrie no matter what you always so happy
Happy Sunday guys & dolls
Bu da ben ve ablamdan bir kare
Loser,s
Total day off today. No phone reception/coverage, just trees, birds, waterfalls and fun downhill rides. Ahh.
Excited mjch!
Morning mate
just leave this here.
You're welcome
Aw thank you. You just made my day
Son serena
Thank youuu, Gaietyyy! Belated Happy Birthday riiiin!
Oppa will get back from his scuba diving trip now~ so happy now
Ano na? Di pa dapat tapos power tweet guys! Ilabas nyo na thoughts nyo about knina
Came home to a surprise from bae.
Excited much!
hello! We talked pa dito sa twitter so am hoping to talk to you really soon! Take care always!
Ricci Rivero
When Sheikh Ahmad Gumi speaks against the APC, the President reminds the cleric to leave politics for politicians.
I gat
Thanks for the tip
Ms. President
I can point out instances how your statement reflects you as well.
RT Please~ selling my ticket for TW fm Area C1 Row 15 Seat no 12 original price dm me~
Very nice all looks lovely, hope you get your cooked breakfast
Real Amateur High School girl takes a Massive Black Jungle cock!
By referring to allopathy!
Absolutely l love getting home after work and getting in my pj's happy days
Thank you so much
I know! Some of them still have yet to be nominated. hoping someone picks this show up
Cardano $ADA price: $0.068465
Huge coin selection, low fees, and very reliable! Join Binance!
Okay thank you I'll have a look
Nope, budgeting is essential!
No problem
Akooo saab hehe
No one knows the passion I have for cars and soccer.
Thank you for keeping the dream alive
Thanks to people like you I didn't give up
Take care po and have a nice day ahead!
Don't mention ma'am!
Thank you Hope you are having a lovely weekend
OVO are the MVP! So much data for so little cost hope it's a good substitute for the time being
Great day at the bridge yesterday even though it was a draw I love it there! Great atmosphere, nice to see my
Hello po! Nice meeting you po!
Chill Winston!
Let's wait until after the European games to decide what to do with TAA
Have a great day today if you are a runner or spectator at the Weather looks fab for it
San ka? Educ office
no ones option.
welcome
requested by hehe I would think that you already know most of my answers! Favourite song is a
Awww ambot ah ka sweet ah, jusko gisubayan na God bless gd snyong duha loveyou both!
Already voted
First day of my tweet
I mean dm main bt nh krti Hun comments Main interact krti Hun only hope won't mind
Yo some shit is going down in the hood,I heard like 50 cop cars rn. Yay now I be able to sleep
Leave a constructive message :) feel free to say something
Good morning hope u have a great day.
4,5,6 und 7
I have had half that amount of coffee already
I wish I was there.... I wish I saw her face, her smile, her laugh Ugh!! Huhu. But I'm happy for her
magupdate ka na kase I'm so close to... I will po soon hehe. Thank you!
Yeah it was!
Looking fantastic I hope you both had a great time.
Off for another lovely day out with the fam
Anything for the boys!
Good morning I hope you have a lovely day today
Sehr
Tonight was fun, first utes game then Halloween party!
Ooh hurrah loving my wireless speaker following advice last time
Looking forward to seeing you then - not long now until is on our stage
after ng mga bayarin sa cheerdance at school works biglang singit ng bayad para sa enrollment ng second semester this week
WOW LUPET
Me, me! I knew this
Good morning Carl
Sometimes being short hurts but fuck it its so adorable
Thinking of you & sending you lots of love from the UK
finna eat some ice cream
Happy birthday viru those power with master blaster sachin paji
Me too! it fabulous?!
Thank you so much
Wow Nice MA
The Book and Card Centre
Thank you Sophie. It was amazing fun Super proud of the team
A pretty lady who is wearing a blue shirt. She is not feeling blue, but she is blue-ming.
Happy Birthday Godbless
Hello any album will do
Verge $XVG price: $0.014510
QUICK! Sign up before Binance closes registration!
BEEFE FREE & STRESS FREE KEEP THAT NEGATIVE ENERGY AWAY FROM ME
Thank you Robert
thanx 4 following!
Cardano $ADA price: $0.068465
Huge coin selection, low fees, and very reliable! Join Binance!
Good morning
Guten Morgen
Thank you
Cardano $ADA price: $0.068465
Huge coin selection, low fees, and very reliable! Join Binance!
Et oublie pas bg
Tangerine? Hahaha, I miss mine though. They were always black, thanks to ....(same product Mbalula is using)
"Stay focused on your goals,and God will get you where you're supposed to be" praying for ur happiness I loved you.
Im so glad hearing my son knows how 2 say sorry everytime he commits mistake
LEGEND
just passed your number to a friend in Hayes
Yan ang first words ng mom ko every time dumadating ako
For a list of sleeper routes, try , or
Yay! Team USA
LOL! Prince Harry was watching that guy like a hawk. Making
Awww!! Miss you din i'm always here naman, ready to go!
So excited to meet these fabulous people Liz
Living the good life, Bryan! Wonderful!
your welcome!! hope you like it
welcome home
Fam, friends and God
Feliz de ser incluso Hoy..... BANGTAN BOYS
The presents: My Storytime with at Thurs 25th Oct 3pm!
A
Thanks
Vanessa Moe is definitely not average (25 Photos)
I'm free anytime can meet you at moa or sm manila. Pero ikaw ba San ka malapit?
Follback ya min
Next time guys wag na i compare okey
21102018 | A appreciation to all our Public Transport Workers that keeps our buses and trains moving
thankyou for your amazing support for my model dear Caroline
JazakAllah Khair
Thank you for the like about cooking. Was a little nervous about that one.
I agree i loved my past 2 therapists and my current one
payment has been sent to fansite nim . Thank you so much for joining this GO
Cannot wait to wake up around noon tomorrow
I wouldn't mind I'm almost done next time
Ah! I do - thanks! a few posts about our campervan over on my blog - we converted
Thank you hope to see you next time!
Streaming Kiss and Make Up while waiting for 6pm game of ALE-CCS
You're welcome Kirsten
Bon apetit
I'm going to chow kit later to teach homeless kids, hopefully everything will be smooth
pray for us!
Alright dear
You doubt he can?
session was amazing. Enjoyed a-lot. Excited for the next session
This has made our Sunday morning, thank you! Safe travels and we hope to see you again next time.
It still does
have a great day
Thanks Tarryn
Thanks so much
No one is safe on that show. stick with it
Have an amazing time x
Aww thank you
Pentagon album Thank you
Nenu
I saw a minotaur up in the mountains... I got out of there pretty quick, my kupo!!
Binance Coin $BNB price: $9.76
Binance registration is now OPEN for limited time!
Same to you Kimberly
RJ giving support to his uncle Namjoon while he's practicing his UN speech.
Supeeer yummy corn with lots of cheeze
I found it, thank you I always thought that it was in the actual game
Thanks lovely
You voice can easily be recorded now as well, so I don't see the logic
Looks great, make the most of your time away
I love you cherish the hell out of it
Replied na
Hi Sir. I need a help.
Guilty as charged
I'm having a day home today. We had the day in Haworth yesterday so it's a lazy day today but no cookie g for me
It's UK only unfortunately. Sorry
Thanks for checking in though.
Thank you very much
New (1:1200)
Diaper Caddy and Organizer - Nursery Storage Bin - Baby Shower Gift Basket for
Me, a greek myth enthusiast.
But can't you do both? I need my wife privilege.
Thank you
bagay po kayo db bagay sila
Saturday
I enjoy this day!
Chimmy hehe..
"I learning how to love myself"
Never mind the book. I'm enjoying getting a close up of my favourite background !
Hmm nice
I I believe there is still someone who wants a true Prince Charming
Fantastic! Great to hear
Cardano $ADA price: $0.068465
Huge coin selection, low fees, and very reliable! Join Binance!
I can recommend the Scarlet and Ivy series if she needs more
Yes
Dipika Di is multi talented queen...and we support this sweet women
not sure the little lad will share. Hope ye have a lovely morning
Wow Lovely
Awwww thank you. Lol!
Cassiobury! My 5th. More a fast walk yesterday (but I did do a 55 mins reformer pilates class 30 mins before
Home safe thanks Lord
Keep voting gonna change it today
Much appreciated
A flower bud and a new baby from my Haworthia fasciata (Zebra Plant). Happy si Kerokeroppi!
Can yall say Hello to my new friend? And yeeeees.. Finalmente temos Oreo Cake aqui em casa
Oi
TWICE this is so exciting and i retweet
Morning Tweethearts,
Have given Tea slave the morning off & I made my own cup of tea..
How kind am I!
Hope
Luckily, it turned out that way. I also didn't expect it
Woow Very Very hooott Samanthy
hello! We both support the same college school so I hope to talk to you more soon! Take care always
Kib Montalbo
I enjoyed this day!
TEASER Is Out
Amazing work by you
They are after all Great...!
Vacant share
Good morning
688 now
Anyways the clapped GC will always wait for you loves
Bore da Phil a pawb thankyou, you too
Yes, I remember. You're my fav to talk shows with.
This is actually something I really needed to see. Thanks for sharing
I occasionally have a little nibble
MADAMI AKONG TIME TODAY!!!! G?!
So am i, madly if i may add btw did he intentionally leave the last button unbuttoned to tease us lol
Fingers crossed
Number 5
Church in the am been real
enjoyed the fair and my night.
never too young to learn how to take criticism especially if you're a 9yrs old that says "I will make your life
Merci beaucoup
Opo, 4:19am to be exact po.
Esdee
Philippines
Option B
Size S
I'm not usually lucky with giveaways but it's worth a shot. Thanks for doing this too
Bobby remembers this - so should you
Made $250 tonight all while having fun and watching some college football Friday will be another $250 in the bag
Idyllic river scene at Hampton Court Palace
Catching up with OMG you are amazing you had a from me
Thank you very much take my best wishes following you
how safe is it traveling to New Zealand alone? thinking of traveling there in 2ish years!! it is my dream travel destination
Ok that's me
Love you jes
Oh bless her! She did so well to complete the 10K
Thank you for the picture btw!
Learning keeps life exciting and alive.
Let's keep pursuing
Thank you. My book is in awesome company.
Hi Nana! love to look into this. Sending you a DM now.
Guys, last night was wonderful Thank you The doc is amazing and I be prouder
Right On
Thank you
Thanks Yeah a bit of weekend . Working both days but I dont mind
Thank you
Too perfect these two. Always and forever.
Thanks, Liz shall do! Here's hoping you have a lovely Sunday ahead too
Bang with local girls at
erotica for women piss sara stone squirt
Daily Afternoon Randomness (50 Photos)
Happening NOW 6th Mums 2 Be & Baby Day! Come on down to the Londa Hotel. We'll be here all day until 18:00
I promise to be thankful everyday
Treated myself to a deep hair conditioning & fresh cut first time rocking a long bob n loving it
So that I can enjoy the weather.
Ta z Hilary Duff.
merci beaucoup
Thought it might be a forthcoming Tour, but it a book!!!! , well haud me back n ca me Joe
A brilliant mind
Comedy gold. Only in
Thanks
I got really curious so I watched that VLive. He probably got serious and he was eating when
Hi Rebecca! Hope having a fab weekend . These lino print dog postcards are available on my
Thank you M. Walid
A medal well deserved
That rainbow horse top for a start. x
also a History teacher! I am very excited for this event & privileged to be a keynote speaker
INDIA 3-1 PAKISTAN
A superb win for India against their
notice me naman, isa ako sa twitter followers mo Na followback po ba kita? Dm nalang po if want mo po.
Happy Sunday Sir Lui
Guten Morgen
Mae theek Ap btaien kesi haen...
{np} aku stok freeman,oxy dan snack import seperti irvins dll. Untuk info harga bisa dm no shopee
Thank you
Aww thanks so much for the shout out, we greatly appreciate your shout out
Brunsmetad
Gonna hold back now good thing I was reminded
Thanks Dawn! I hope you enjoy it
Here yah go
one editing down, one more to gooo
Yer need to pack a bit of weight on Julia
Thanks
Kapit lang bes
U really amazed us bro
Cutlery & presentation is fab like always
Thank you hun!! Much appreciated!
how was it bub?
Sudah waktunya untuk kem#Bali
.
.
.
For further info please contact our
reservation@balitropic-resort.com
Go with the flow
'Bunnies' are the small children visiting
Great summary! and tucked away in the corner I think I spy trustee
Spasibo bolshoe
Think Positive Life is too short
face masks + music + food + quality time with amazing people who make life so much happier =
BIG TIME CHILLEN
Wow, girlfriend yoroshiku ne
Oh wow! Thanks so very much for the shout out, we really appreciate it
Kids reciting the memory verse of the day Hope Christian High School
Hope you're having a great weekend! Stay awesome always
Thanks
Remember the old days? Happy labour long weekend
Will be missed
Amazing news yeah, I love the smell of Dove so well pleased now
Oo naman yes! Let's always look on the positive side
thank you for following back I'm sorry I am following you too. But it's showing on my twitter as
Starting tomorrow
I love the Autumn
Yay week off
Everything happens for a reason. I hope and pray that one day you find all those reasons. Smile and stay happy
Jeske. Enough with that you deserve better naman
And why would we?
this new feeling is the best , s/o to the person behind it
Tutumeme time!
Sketching on Sunday - Life's simple pleasure.
Morning Where can we get our programmes from if we arrived on Friday when they here? Thanks
Tony An will be on Moon Heejun's music show tomorrow for promotion
Success meet expected in next 5hrs
Avvertite che ho messo piede a
Very proud of my guild tonight :3 9/8 H, 2/8M. go boissss!!!
You're welcome. I don't have another tracking number for you.
Well done Caroline Alastair is a bug loser
cis men be like: weird but cute haha
Wowsers sounds like a fabbo day, enjoy
Nice Dear
Good morning FAM
Woo hoo! Coffee for all!! Here's hoping you have a lovely Sunday ahead, sir
Hi Scarlet Snow magkamukha na tayo char joke
To followers se kia hota
today was a good day. worked 7-2, went to the pumpkin patch, ate at wingstop, had a beer at the pool hall and watched Halloween
Sounds very interesting I await
yeah, ok show-off
Any INA LOVEs will be there for bangkok concert? If have pls give me a Dm
nnti tell us know please
Thank you
Thanks! I spend a lot of time in that room, I wanted it to look xx
Hehe, that's perfect! It's also two days before my real birthday which is on Tuesday!
That John Stamos is a new father and have wanted a kid forever warms me to the core. still hope for me too!
Yes. It was a nice weekend surprise. Thanks
You will look like you're enjoying life
Will add you both to today's list Just doing it now....happy to all
Ihr schauts auf uns!
Morning Kath
Im OKTiming you thought my English was wrong, if you mind. Easy going
By
Happy Thornton-Cleveleys, England,
Good morning my lovely i see you chaged a bit but still beautiful
Hi! Seems like I have all the necessary details Let me share this with my team so they can resolve
Thank you We saw a Swedish hard rock band, Mustasch
I'm sending them to you
I see WJSN is trending at Naver at real time.
Thanks for mentioning me Happy Sunday
LOVE telling shit cus she make me feel crazy hahahaha
Price of Decentraland $MANA is: $0.071011
We verified that Binance is accepting new users!
thankyouuuu pharr!
Nope you will never... Rather you are a blessing
Aww thank you
Thanks Paul I was just relieved I didn't get nasty comments. As long as it sells and
Thoughts 'bout Harold? Hmmm, wala akong masabi
Aleykoum salam bonne toi
End of Dry October for me
Come and be blessed
daniellalarrsen therealroyson therealroyking theprince_kf
Flipped is a favourite of mine
Aww thank you same to you
Haha it's 10:23 here...
so happy for you gurl! Mel is the best!
Any time.
Hi dear! I sell babyboo Kyungsoo dm please
Just continue being a hardworking student and an EXOL I will! Thank u
Aww thank you yours too
insist on your cup of stars!!!!!
Wahhh, thank you very much!!
The comments are all positive, supporting the girls. Joke's on the the writer.
Some monbebes have donated!! Pls do still ask your friends if they can we still need more donations
ALDUB
Good morning!
Yes, it was a cute moment! I never knew Srishty before but I'm genuinely finding her very sweet.
Consultant unaware warfare unit has him (and his men in sight roof)
Sorry for being useless person.
choose between the two:
you or yourself
You and Oscar could go into the basement. Then you would have three rooms right next to each other for the kids.
Threw you a little comment.
Thank you
As you say, you have to specify sources, sinks, and directional constraints. You just space
I'm thankful from the bottom of my heart that I was able to meet you !
Thanks for coming! Don't u ever come again
Aww so sweet thank you
Amanda you need to see this
Hey here's Max Headroom thanks for a great session today.
I enjoyed another sunrise and now for a leisurely breakfast with Mr G Great day right here
Bravo
Thanks Jack!
I'll keep my fingers cross for you.
Good morning
Aww thank you you too
Nice sheds !!!
It's a bts vs bts only event
Remember there's a brand new blog post coming your way just after 10am over on
What are some tips to keep you going for a few days before pay day? Any tips or recipes or helpful things to remember?
We are Many new friends. They all very cool and baby
Aww happy Sunday my friend
Aww. Salamat.
Yes amazing fish that was returned very quickly. Record is there to beat!
the cuter twin.
.@xBrooklynBluex Hey there Queen Brooklyn have a great Sunday
Do you?
Watching while preparing shanghai roll
And if you can't find good baboos, plz request services of Mr Sehbai on deputation.
I Don't wanna love you anymore
Your welcome! Thank you kindly for the add! Long live Dragon Quest!
Thank you
You too x
Un gratis!!! Participo!!
not your business
always interesting to ask children their views. They always give their honest opinion and dream big
Happy lang
Presscon with our Bacolod and Manila Media Press. Thank you guys!
Cain At Abel malapit na
Thanks for the very appropriate birthday card. I will have no trouble adhering to its message.
Morning, Lance
Chemistry
Just need a lil yea by my side
Anche il resto.
leadership on steroids. Fight corruption everywhere.
Thanks so very much, Jon That honestly means a lot!!
your time to shine!
As both a Jihun and Seungjun supporter this makes me happy! Thank you Seungjun for keeping my Jihun heart
been a while, first one this year, missed the breakfasts, now to tuck in
They are Lola (left) and Benji (right)
what have you been up to?
be waiting all ears
Thank You you also have a lovely day
Morning Gail have a great day too x
nakakaexcite ang mga happenings Lord, Your will be done
Thanks
Rachel's fanmeeting is done, now it's time to wait for Jessica's thank you for all the feels you gave
Get back in the game with some girls in sports bras (34 Photos)
Valeo is celebrating my birthday
Show me a picture of what makes you genuinely happy
Clarification: This is at 12AM KST so it means start trending it at 11PM here in the Philippines
Actions only
Come join us in the spectator thread!
Nice that you even work on sunday Appreciate your effort you put in this. As soon as the
Practical lesson in Kenya-
My homecoming was successful EVERY night
Perdu.
Hi dear! Still looking for babyboo dyo ? I sell it dm please
Morning G.
your contact number is not working.. Plss share your email id...
Be Silent and Smile
Dress by
Morning Dawn, thanks lovely & you too. Xx
Rose and Lee Hi is trending on Melon too!
Seola sang Rose in King of Masked Singer today.
Where you enjoying ths day ? So I can join
Ctrl c + ctrl V
Animals by Troye Sivan was playing at Tae's Vlive
It's alright, many still don't know yet. All the best for both fandoms and our lovely talented boys!
Ingat te
Hi dear! Still looking for babyboo dyo ? I sell it dm please
you just love that nostalgic moment when you find a toy inside a newly opened cereal box?
Run me my money
Beautiful sunrise walking the lake this morning perfect weather for a lake swim
Good luck with the new place!
Had fun today at the community event
Congratulations po!
Annnnnnd vacation officially begins
Nice to see you here for ADN, & !
Content I signed up for.
So cool and lovely. Thanks for the arts!
have a great day
Watch my big sis
I hope you feel better
Thanks
Non
Happening NOW 6th Mums 2 Be & Baby Day! Come on down to the Londa Hotel. We'll be here all day until 18:00
Good morning P, thank you, you too
High-Quality Bluetooth Speakers
Material: Plastic
Starts from 275/- only.
PM me for details.
tom really nice
Ah don't worry. This was just something silly. If I had any more support I wouldn't need to move at all.
I needed that, thank you
Binance gives free money with airdrops!
Click here:
$BTC $ETH $XRP $XLM $NEO
Hi aku ada jastip belanja setiap hari brand by req fee mulai 10k bisa dm twitter/ follow ig
Shoot Now on Mumbai
Recent Live Location Shooted Movies on Mumbai Are &
No worries
Hope it helps you
Happy Birthday Sweet Caitlin Sending love and cuddles to your big sis xx
Thank You and a happy Sunday to you to
Step Dad Fucks Daughter While She Brushes Her Teeth POV
yesterday when i was young
we had this teacher who used to let us perform in his class
i was soooooo shy
udah aku dm yaa
trust the process
But I had fun tonight
Yay after so so long , You Guys Are amazing
Friday night good times. To top it, my parents are in town. South London
last year winters performance in okf ... ive got lots of gr8 memos from okf ive missed u guys soooooo much
Join us! I will read from The Ninth Rain or The Poison Song, depending on how people feel
Hope it helps you
Noche de mucho humo
If you're happy and you know it
gefunden
..you're being sarcastic, phew! I got that one
So much excitement! wait ! Let get ready to Rumble!!
I was able to make to the fest to see KNK
Yep would have been 19 then he was so adorable now hes just gorgeous
You win any trophies so literally no differences between us at all
Wo b loving hoty na
The new Bangtan episode! Check their YouTube channel
Going to Laikipia, Isiolo, Maralal and Nyahururu for the first time long week ahead then back to Nakuru next Sunday
you are my crush love
Acha Kiya enjoyed lines
Les Nations Unies
Yes lol just make sure I get one too
Ready for the med steps challenge in aid of Clubhouse organized by Miss Gibraltar
perfect weather
You win any trophies so literally no differences between us at all
Oh wait. fine. just a pre-load for tomorrow. Cool idea though!
Rengarenksin sonbahar.
Mutlu pazarlar
Looks like they are having fun
Ah thank you Christine xx
i think i better watch this film
Day 3: Goodbye, Galera.
White Beach Puerto Galera
Lmfao.. bitches are crazy these days..
Playing victim but fucking someone
Ok but she's super pretty in this pic
150kg and 155kg deadlifts coming up nicely and jimbolynn79 no puking this time!! Lol
Omg thank you Sebin!! Hope kfans and international fans can get these polaroids as well
We are blushing
Done!
Yes, I like it & you are always welcome
Around 7
Good point I was very much like that have to say.. onwards to Norwich. Got ticket yesterday
Aww thanks so much
Tol
Thank you for responding
Happy Birthday my dude, hope you had an incredible day, you Photoshop God all the best for this year and the future
You're welcome
Happy peaceful loving respectful Sunday to all of you!
Moin Peter
Thanks Steve for the kind wishes. And thanks for the support and for letting us pick your brains. Hard work starts now.
She's so beautiful
It!!!
I mind a follow Aaron if possible? As you know I already bought my London ticket
Morning hope the suns shining with you x
Smoking on this blue gone end up making me miss half of my life .... this shit strong af I already slept the day away ...
Hare Vishwananda Hare Vishwananda .... Thank You Sweet One
RT CHAIHOLIC..
.
.
Good morning friends... enjoy your Sunday
happy birthday! Have an amazing day!
I look forward to you talking more astrophysics this week
Merci Thierry
Watching old videos makes my heart melt
You win any trophies so literally no differences between us at all
Also! is the one who does all those positive messages
so proud of you
I may not be the luckiest one but thank you for making me happy.
She's going down
Binance gives free money with airdrops!
Click here:
$BTC $ETH $XRP $XLM $NEO
Working full time, it's the only way I can write. Sadly the words don't write themselves! I've tried to ask them
You win any trophies so literally no differences between us at all
Please forget that once in your life I made you happy.
Ooh. What magnificent company to be in
You deserve to get it fam, your Fanart is amazing..
I just need plenty movies, good food and Wi-Fi
Your oga say make una no insult me again o. If you do again, hmm. I get ugly side too o.
Please
That's very true, everything is better under sunny skies
You are a good person with a lovely heart
with kids
20.10.2018
Finally! Jin Thank you for trading with me
You can totally get by with just that
Happy birthday Have a lovely day
Just another day to refuel our soul and be grateful for our blessings at Lake View Homestay And Restaurant
Playing on the go is always a good choice
Thank you.... This is just fine
Wow!! I need some of your motivation and energy
is there a way to DM the page either on here or Facebook? Looking to get in touch RE the Halloween competition atm
Bang with local hotties at
loona lux pinoy body hairy
hehe option lng ak here k lng
You win any trophies so literally no differences between us at all
Goodluck sa exams tomorrow You too
Sounds like you had a good dream
Hmmm.... so I'm late to this show but ive binge watched them all on I like Kentrell Kareem and
The Girl I Stan So Hard! please spread real talent...
& - hello from Team Abroad in California at 1:30am. Labyu Much and Thanks for being
Thank you Elma! I look forward to meeting you too
Everything is related 2 dem is magical
You win any trophies so literally no differences between us at all
thanks!
/ 04
Good Mornington
After a month off the radio we are back, on air at 9am with all the usual features. Classical
Morning have a lovely day xx
You win any trophies so literally no differences between us at all
u all shit, fuck u all
Noong Second year college
Alyanna Cardo
Nope
Ps4
Yes How are you Lisa today?
And my 21st Naval Birthday too
They were very entertaining days I can say that.
Shouldn't they have died by now, that's what remoaners keep saying about leave voters.
Hiya Bev XXX
Happy Birthday Kim! We share the same birthday!!
Fellas, never take this advice. There is a reason ladies love players. That wow! factor we bring.
9pts ahead of Manchester United after 9 games.
sesuai request kak
Let me finish cleaning so I can continue watching Narcos
The perks of flying early in the morning
Happy Birthday Leng! Godbless you
Thank you.
I'll be fine.
A mouthwatering Triple-B: Beers, Babes & Burgers (43 Photos)
Hi aku buka jastip belanja setiap hari brand by req fee mulai dari 10k, bisa dm / follow ig
Nude Celebrity Milf Jennifer Lawrence Leaked Pussy & Tits Compilation
Who else agrees? Happy Sunday
11. My idea for the perfect date is, going to the beach and walking around while we talk and get to know each other as the day passes by
Reply "I follow back" to gain followers!
not expecting anymore
belum cek kak untuk vt cosmetics
I do agree up to certain point
But in a work world it doesn't always function like that. I for
Great to hear that
So peaceful
Thanks lovely xxx
Thank you Claire to you as well
Buenos
Hope not too late, love to help however I can
Pls don't trash talk Alexios. Kassandra is dope but there is no need to be mean to Alexios
Allah is the best planner
If you don't understand D/s dynamics, feel free to ask.
when we sleep over at my families house , the ppl sleeping in the room automatically gets kicked out
Morning Lisa it certainly is. A lovely day to get 3 pts hopefully
Enjoy the last day of the holidays Looking forward to seeing everyone tomorrow
Maybe after the game
Lots of birthday reading. If you want me later I shall be in a comfy chair with a Chai latte in the 18th century
Sunday morning spent watching monster house
Good morning world
morning guyssss
I can imagine. Next time no gock am
True. Let's see on the lanuch date and your Parteon offers.
.
.
.
Feel fresh
Being waiting for this
Thank you
( )
[Status Report 10/21/2018, 8:30:45 AM]
Everything is operational!
Step daughter's Sneaky BF gets caught & punished by stepmom
Thanks, I only saw afterwards you already shared it in the thread. I left you a comment
You win any trophies so literally no differences between us at all
Have a nice day today, yourwelcome!
November 13th here
Oh yes Carol Aird
Have a great day Mary and some
Hi love you
now taking bestie applications
15. The last time I cried was last last wednesday. I was so stressing about balancing work and life though okay now
Nah, a pussycat
of mine
Thank youuu You're so kind I'll te you after using it and yeah my full name is aslo Anna
Hi still shat Wifey here
We found a phone by Naas Lane Vets Friday night can you share please see if we can reunite it with the owner
Yessss po ate thanks!
This goes in unexpected directions
Seems i was a politician back in those days pretending the horrible toffee was nice
Mitigation, not a defence!
That's so cool! I'm glad to hear you're facing your fears you're gonna look great in that hat
Hornsea this morning lovely day
I don't want to tell a story,
I just want to be part of the story which she writes
You win any trophies so literally no differences between us at all
It's really helpful. We need motivational kicks to move on and that was a good one. Thanks!
Aw I'm doing good thanks how's u? Xx
Yup I miss her too
It's time for a summer cooldown (34 Photos)
Oh ok
I meant my scars have made me what I'm now
Good morning
Nadya Anton knows how to come correct with cosplay (26 Photos)
a shame, I was quite enjoying looking at your fancy dashboard
Thanks
I watched their concert last year but I didn't have an army bomb but it didn't matter. So no worries
Hosh karo beta Afternun ho Gyaaa
I like your favorite pop songs playlist Thanks for good music!
Game day against Log leaders ... lots of fun to had today for the love of the game
Morning! the name of the track and artist you opened your show with? I was too swept up to Shazam it
T'as bien raison
You win any trophies so literally no differences between us at all
Thank you so much
To you too Han x
Great day at work And a great feature mate
Ofcourse! Pakistani girls think they're all peng just because they're light skinned
You deserve this Award Adam, not a day goes by that you don't inspire me
You win any trophies so literally no differences between us at all
Be Silent and Smile
Dress by
Hello and thank you for following. I written the same bio!
I love it it so much. That's a good plan
Anybody want to pair up with me?
A true fan of the game
Thank You Madam
Sunday funday giant tea and blueberry pancakes back in bed Montriond, Rhone-Alpes, France
Not yet, I'm a last minute kind of girl
Good luck bessy!!!
Thank you Sid
For sale.
3 Bottles per Box for only 1k.
Congratulations
I must say that You are the Best!
I love you so much!
thinking of you all today, in peace now. Stay strong
And I can live if not love
HURRY! Binance is currently accepting new users
$MYB $LINK $RMC $LUN $MOON $OST $EVX $BTG
Lets start a day with a forget those who make us feel Life is beautiful ... Live to the fullest
Hi all Looking forward to seeing what new posts people have to check out
Think like a proton(+) always positive
Have another great day
Will be needing 3 for the GB tourney at half5 w/ ... Probably won't reply to you until I wake up around 4ish
Thank you
Oh and a fresh pair of AF1s
ATM. Sundate with Frenny Dianne. itsdianna012 La Tea
Thanks he was made up after
Wow talented family
D'accord
You the Man !
Love it
Sometimes feels like a slave .. there is no joy only duties after all everyone is annoying
about to have 4 whole days off with the family. Soooo happy
You win any trophies so literally no differences between us at all
Oh!! Ok!! Thank you
Theres a big difference between loyal and faithful. Now i know
Join us
iKON's New Kids: The Final album thank you and goodluck to alll ~
Guten Morgen Petra
Excuse my ignorance, but how is a contracted player delisted?
Thank you for live tweeting your experience Katrin . Have the best time on board.
Nice meeting you Mownah!
Have a fabulous Sunday
What Good morning look like
Very true Q/A waoo
should be like this
all the
Sumasshedshaya -Aleksey Vorob' yev
It's Sunday na so I can help u give it to God through his temple.
RUGBY TIME
I bet you did
Have a great week you too
Come on, aliens did, we know they live under the ice shelf
Hi ladies ! Welcome back!!
Be Silent and Smile
Dress by
Success meet expected in next 5hrs
Wish he take my speaker
Success meet expected in next 5hrs
I agree, It's good to have two channels!
God is watching us
Memories from this day in 2017. Good times with dear friends are forever etched in my mind.
To friendship.
My girlsss
Footy star in the making
If you have any photos are pictures of me from last night please send or dm to me
I'm sure you're absolutely wrong because I'm supporter of TLP...
For us our leader is a blessing
Waaa i shall tell him then! Tq
Ta promenade
Yes, What It's Like To Be Me I loved them together, I really want them to collab on something
Ahah I'm good with that
Please do hahaha I'm always looking forward to your gifs by the way
I'm more than interested in illustrating a children's book, drop me a dm x
Thanks dear
Difference between the UK and the US looool waterfall you know
How wonderful
Time will heal
Yeeeey bff
Bom Dia Aindaaa
New feeds. thanks for helping me choose.
Lots to go round
Binance gives free money with airdrops!
Click here:
$BTC $ETH $XRP $XLM $NEO
re-watching 2d1n and saw this again. They really want to meet Han Hyo Joo since 2015.
Haha me?then you still don't know me
session was amazing. Enjoyed a-lot. Excited for the next session
He is just brilliant!
Done
Thanks! It's a quote from the song 'Answer: Love Myself'
Red ice
Doing much better...thank you!!
You are very welcome.. Happy Sunday to you and the Team
You can ask me anything over here:
For that you need to taste some. As of now in Mumbai only
University and office will be your home
OFFICIAL || 181021 with Jungwoo and Taeyong at NCTsmtown_127's twitter update
the shine of your smile
the strength of his joy
the power of your
It's like
Delhi is cool now
No problem. Enjoy the rest of your Sunday
Thanks Someone
E enter abi
I had fun watching Black
They'll nail the roles. I hope they get the chance to work together again.
You have solved my signal problem thankyou!! Ill check if data works too
hi! I have sent you a DM
hi fam I'm interested on buying these pls dm me na lang po, can't dm you po kasi eh thanks
I saw you at LS
would anyone like to see the video this screenshot is from? - -
I need to download that, so I check my new follow count.
Goodmorning Clair. We have a beautiful sunday. I hope you too. Have a nice day dear Clair
Good tips, thanks
Happy birthday! Have fun
I love a girl that can do it herself
juseyooo!!!
Loading up Number 7... Hello! Oh Calum! How have you been? It's me Minseok, have you been waiting long? Or do
From Jaehyun or Ten
Extra place will be set at the table
Still a cat photo - under the table
Some are so self-centred to the extend where no matter how much we have sacrificed it blinds their This is life!
Love the typo. May have to adopt it
Thank you!!
Hai Anthony F. , handsome man..
Do u still remember me?
bump!! help reach goal
Still working on it but getting there! Thank you!!
Some interesting facts about some African countries!! for sharing
yaaas! always looking forward to any of your arts always love seeing them
CNN tweets without evidence that Hillary was going to win! Lmao you are fake news! Enjoy maybe just maybe you
Done RT mine please
Thanks so much. It's very nice of you to say. Take care.
Likewise, Kirsten! Hope you had a great day with the kiddies!
Thankuuu
Really glad that u started interacting
Disagreement happens,as we all are people wid diff
My favorite song is peterpan
Here..... Dnt thank me
Happy Sunday!!
We hope you have a peaceful day wherever you are and whatever the weather is like.
So funny I love Ndebeles they are so humble
Uy enebe hahahaha godbless din!
session was amazing. Enjoyed a-lot. Excited for the next session
Guys follow our young Ugandan golfer in her journey.
just finished the main story and still have loads to do, but it feels like good, meaningful extra content so happy
Here... Happy Sunday
.Thank you so much Una! So pleased you enjoyed it! Thank you for spending the day with us
You're welcome
I am back in the City! Renewed and refueled. Ready to inhale city shits again.
Good piece of writing
THANK YOU!!! We did it 24 hours faster than I wished for. Keep RTing, we will get more and more
To wake up feeling blessed is a wonderful feeling. Good morning all
Yes, but we all make mistakes, so don't worry
Bawi next game
thank you for your kind retweets
where did you get your bio from??? its really nice Just me trying to sum up all my love to B in a sentence.
Give them to me I'll keep them for you
On Friday the team got to sample our NEW AUTUMN MENU - I think safe to say it was a hit
But are you enjoying your trip?
Thank you
and I know right
Conversations that last this long in the morning are the funniest and the most important part of my mornings
Thank you
I'm not aware of d mocking n insulting, I didn't even see that here. What I saw was
Weekend off is real.
Original version Kemala Ballroom Universitas Esa Unggul
please feel free to leave this suggestion on our feedback form here - -
..... so lol happily
Thank you
Will definitely stop sleeping with the phone next to me sir
Buenos Amooool
Your smile makes everything seems better
Maybe for you no doubt
Thanks Col
Happy anniversary and have a great weekend,
Hello po naaalala niyo po ba 'ko?
A blessed Sunday to you good people
already a vegan trying to convince my friend to be one
Thank you. Fifteen years of therapy right there
Happy Sunday twitterers.
Have a good one, be spending mine doing nothing much at all
She, treacle
Loved her RIP Carrie.
Fingers crossed
When a patient swings on you at work . Typical night
Korean ppl should stop sleeping on skz
Which Stage you are ?
Do you remember when you joined Twitter? I do!
This flower is fluffy and will be comfortable
Hi cindie have a lovely day
felt this happy in a fat while
Thanks!
shu a7la ur fav sex position the position where im laying down and crying my depressed ass off on the floor
19th November, counting the days
Autumn..the years last, loveliest smile
Beautiful scenery beautiful landscapes beautiful surroundings lovely
The authenticity is awesome. I think cool to show your excitement especially since everyone at home is right there with you
If you were able to love a wrong person that much.
Just imagine how will you love the right one.
Any chance of Observer getting an x-enhanced update for xbox one x? Just started playing and loving it so far!
Wala syang twitter eh hehe
would recommend your confetti to any couple. Was just beautiful!
MERCI
That honestly means so very much, thank you for the encouragement I agree with you about
Followed!
I'll follow back anyone who follows too
Feliz domingo
Amy Judd
why throats are open
Would love both banners
Thank you! Have bookmarked it
****and we usually disappear for a day or two to recharge
We wait to hear hits from you guys, !
You can ask me anything over here:
Psycho is real.
fb pleaseee
Beach bound
1.9M on 7M on Now THAT'S a RESULT
Yes make most of sunshine
...and
Mutlu lar
Thank you
Math be good oki?
Looks like stuck with it then
Have a super sunday
love u emma!! you're so awesome
Hai Anthony F. , handsome charming man..
Do u still remember me?
No really. Congratulations
Love the way the Spotted Sandpiper looks as though it's being stalked by a giant frog
Morning Chris aww thanks chuck! Had a lovely meal last night at the fabulous
Chivettes are at it again with the (21 Photos)
"There are worse ways to be human than to be kind." -Castiel, season 14 episode 2 . How very
yeah, sure.
Please upload your new photos miss fisher
Thanks for sharing Lis
Man of the match for me.
I know
Ah! be on iplayer then. Amazing!
A subject been meaning to learn a lot more about.
Happy Sunday to the 4 of you!
thank you it hasn't dropped off in the night, so I'm just working on "it'll be fine"
Morning John hope it brightens up for you.. Enjoy your day
part of Direk IG video post
the way to go! Prioritise and adapt
Join the revolution and free yourself from bras! (35 Photos)
Learn how to be - The True Power of Pareto's 80/20 Principle
RT NivinOfficial:
of course bby had fun
Such a lovely classic dress you both look stunning,
Lovely, but needs more cats
Yoga pants shopping almost gives confused boyfriend nervous breakdown (16 Photos)
Sunday - our favourite day of the week serving full menu & roast all day 12-9pm.
Choose from locally
Malapit na! See you at Upperhouse on Oct. 31 (Wednesday) 9pm.
I am legit a lil bit in love with from sooooo sweet & lovely!
go drink this afternoon
I think they should go on the date with the catfish if they pick them
Took pumpkin home for the week off
did play well last nite tho i am slightly biased at times
Just found $20 onna ground
Welcome to TEXAS! have some sweet tea and get ready to "rally"!!!!
Tq bro
I just correct of what u said that BONG is for round kind of LS. Bcs it's not true. Just it
You still have seventeen and us
Burn, baby, burn...your bras (38 Photos)
Thank you, shocked and humbled at how far this youtube thing has come
hi mo visiting your country for a week on tuesday be staying in hurghada. any tips???
omg thx!! hehe
I was listening to it
59
Safe travels - looking forward to hearing how it goes
Anger is an emotion. okay to be angry
We wait to hear more hits from you, !
Just read the whole thread, great reading
a piece of encouragement for those in need.
Awww thank you!!! What episode you on? Am watching some more now.
You've come a long way brother, proud of you
Morning
Perfick
Good morning
-----
Lovely stuff
Na God my brother
extra few for married men
really very good
Lol but we all know whose best
followed
Look forward to them haha... Possibility of getting to Cardiff game, maybe catch you there
Done block! Aman hidup...
Lolz sorry wrong number
A very happy birthday to !! Have a good one and a fun time today, all the best from your Swiss friend
Bowie the wonder horse. It gets bad when you know all the animals by name
Lol, boys must fuck
High key need this reminder sometimes
Merci
No, actually on my Xmas list, but thanks for reminding me
not optimistic. See previous Tweet
If not messing with YOU!! Please come starting with me so over this BS at this point.
momen lawas
Tastes better than it looks simply lovely
Congratulations Dolly well deserved - I look forward to supporting you on the next stage of your journey
Hai Anthony F. , handsome charming man..
Do u still remember me?
How is ur factory business doing?
contact me if u need help..
Thanks, Jan. It will be minimal chopping and no peeling! These bakers are exceptionally sweet so be fine
This life exists along with many difficulties and hardships.
Only with faith to Allah, we can withstand those bravely
That's a couple of hours catch up sleep done so I'm slightly more human for today
Saw some old friends tonight that I needed to see felt good
Follow me on Instagram Fam
Moderato ver sehun
Thank you for the giveaway
I can never find another local fandom who loves deeply like ADN. Nakakatouch. Nakakatuwa. Nakaka-inspire.
ADN,
Happy birthday dude! Hope you have a good one
9 Herbs and Spices ??
Good Morning
Wish you a lovely day
DooWop car show.. great time
Both Sofia and Camille there last year on Rob's table.
The only regret I have till this very moment is why I told you 4 years ago that I like you
Perfect timing! Whoot Caught the train with no transfers & 10 stops instead of 20!
happy Sunday
hello frenny rose and your least favorite mingyu staaan ;( aaah I tried blue contacts today
You only recharged you didn't touch it na
Nothing, I act so cool even when am dead mad + .
Good move by the way
Win us a Premier League Trophy
Great from
still in my heart today, will never forget the lessons taught me
Soo cute you....miss you too
It's good to have friends in Japan
Such a shame we didn't get physical releases in Europe.
Good morning from Merseyside
He fucking
Sun kissed
His eyes and the way he smiles
.
.
.
.
.
Owner
Box slightly damage but still in shape pa nmn.
Hello! Happy Sunday!
Hey there! Sure! Please check your inbox.
Linnanmaki for the lights
Sunday vibes.
Rojbas sara
OK Enjoy a Lovely Blessed day and take care
tada...nadine and james
When you get home and Watchmen is on
Kalmahi, Rem. Sit down. Relax. Breathe in. Breathe out. You got this.
Thank you
Barty looks fantastic! Great stuff
Here's our English blue rat called Fievel!
Dobro jutro
Aaawwww that's sweet of you.
I love you too
181021 :
Thanks a lot sir,more blessings
Pls tell me which run episode this is from
What will SoaR be recruiting?
Thank you very much! I am now a follower of yours.
Looking for women in the 757 to be friends with me and have sleepovers where we sometimes fuck
Yes, Support the West
Aside from having my own clothing line, I also want to have my own restaurant someday.
Happy Day to all my Argentinian friends and admirers A big hug to all the Have a blessed day ahead
Saw you could get it as an e-book, though its not quite the same
Happy birthday!! Godbless
i mean this sincerely. real quick which looks more sincere, ^_^ or
Thank you please look this story up. She
Just wanted to see my family happy.
Morning Stef Takacare Always Stefano Mori Good morning Admin
You're beautiful regardless your weight does not define your worth nor your beauty!
Ooh and another one
Beautiful by vaik.jy Leave a comment!!
-
Good guess! Are you a regular golfer yourself? - Georgie
Oh forgot to reply! I bought the polaroid photocard set and bookmark you?
Gusto nyo bang maka pasa sa exam, just RT to pass your exam legit to promise
That is so true
I've got this rebellious, inciting streak. Don't know if ya I've been tweeting ya and
Everybody is what is clever anyway?? I think clever is more about being passionate about something??
Times are hard, Aunty Binta.
- an* LGBT flag
I think I should probably give Taxify another chance then. Thank you
Happy Sunday. Half term for us now. Have a lovely day
Miss ka na namin Happy 1year ask ylona us mga chokers, what do you think?
Black eyed children, slender man, the rake, bloody Mary. that's all the ones I can think of
Most of them
Won't marry a man is bald unless he is rich
I'm just guessing The previous conversations between Kim Moo Young and Jin Kang is like giving
Feeling better now. Thanks Rachel
Good morning Thank you Hope you're enjoying your weekend
May tuhod ba ang Diyos? We created in the image and likeness of God
This gorl deserves to be happy indeed. Thank you for your undying support ever. Labyu forevs.
Be the salt and the light of the World
Ah thankyou Marie Louise, it was a lovely day. They had a blast, thankfully all the sickness is away
Thank you
Me too! If I ever see a color book I will let you know.
It is a beaut.
Roj xwes can.
Guys New Ups On YTchannel watch and subcribe to TeamJVNineteenTV
We can see that, babes
Please just declare H20 as your favourite & that's the real ending
Have a wonderful birthday To You Dear
Ayosssss. Let's see
Thank you &
I love this community! What a great time to be alive
Alpine A110
The same questions again, red car or blue car? Porsche 911 or Alpine A110? Choose your way
The ol' seaside shuffle....
Happy times with our beautiful sons....
Serius
Nov. 8th
Accept the challenges so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory
is this the part where I start running around screaming FRAUD!?
Good
I watched them too. See you later
Yep, I am realising this now
welcome
Live pictures from Resourced HQ this
Have a relaxing day everyone
Ah, what a treasure! a good friend recently got a Hungarian Vizsla- lovely dogs
Be the Salt and Light of the World
nossa pool em The Week Brazil
Congratulations we are so very glad to welcome you as our Mayor.
family is really lovable tho just watching them interact make me smile and laugh as well
Thank you, Sal! I have all the information I need for now but may be back for more.
Another day, another que London, United Kingdom
okay dear friend worry fine thank you so much
Aaahhh I super love it when Marty posts IG stories with his pets My heart melts everytime.
Oooh looks lush! Glad you enjoyed it CR
Your hair looks hella good straight should rock it more often gurl!!
Took me a while to get back to sleep again this morning, just woke up to this beautiful day Have a fab Sunday
I Already Bought It
Thank you for making lovely wallpapers, I really liked it
Four for this week.
you welcome
a special man to his fans as well
Aww that's adorable! Such a good uncle
where did you get your bio from??? its really nice Just me trying to sum up all my love to B in few words.
If only !
Bisa cek di thread aku nder
WILLING TO SELL MY KIDNEY JUST TO HAVE THAT JACKET IT'S SO PRETTY AF AS WELL AS THE GUY WEARING IT
snapchat please Sorry
Thank you for having me
I had a ball!
- I think you may have started a movement! that the current POTUS
Just re-read this and got a rush of happiness and excitement for my now and future without him in it
Thank you my friend and fellow writer.
would make lots of ppl happy
Sana and Me
Thank you
Arthur Melo is so good
'
i remember somewhere
ganahan kog GIf nga dili
kingkoy pangga... more
genuine
Screw them all , YOU are just perfect the way YOU are
Love this! Tongue then dick please
Yes!!!!
Babe put it in a thread. I've been eyeing your wardrobe for months now
Wish me luck..
Semoga dapat yg The Saem
If you're too shy to ask my questions through my DMs, you can also ask me on anon in my CC account here:
The Arctic Monkeys were PHENOMENAL!!! They truly exceed my expectations. so content right now.
kapag nagpapapansin or nananadya, you have three options. block, unfollow, or mute never allow them to piss you
You too Dawn
thank you very much
THANK YOUUUU!
French Tomatos outstanding flavour look amazing
Good morning! Messi injured last night but I became an uncle for the 3rd time this morning. We all win in the end
(get_repost)
Smile of the day Enjoy your Sunday and come see our show at
You are welcome
someone will be in touch as soon as possible
..
Thank you!
sometimes all we need is a break from everything
sevgili dostlar
ah it's fan talking to...ok I'll follow you have a nice day I You
Ops
She is one embarrassment BJP could do away with... dev babu ki naya bhabhi ji hi dobeyengi.
Bon dimanche
Good morning, have a wonderful day
very welcome
I had a surprisingly good wee night
Dyke Bar 4: Wet t-shirt contest winner spanked, & DP strap-on FUcked!
Jom ca
Preach
A new jumping spider finished last night for an order if you would like one made, the link is in my bio
.
de toca darlo todo con Venid a vernos
Sarah - I cant tell you how much I looking at all your photos. living your Thailand dream vicariously
I already downloaded it.
Will check how it'll work for me. Good luck. Lol.
Safe driving making progress Has the making of a nice day!
Now that's the first time somebody else wanted to take my pic
MGA SIZMARS!!!! I know you want it :--) visit our booth on October 23-26 sa may QPARK kailangan niyo to I
Do love a cold crisp day but I think i have opted to have a pj day! It's half term next week so I'll go out tomorrow lol x
Thank you Joe. That's just so sweet of you.
Have yourself a happy Sunday
Opps my bad. Take it. Take it all.
You are so amazing to me
not the worst, but I still love it!
I WAS THERE TONIGHT!
And part of the halftime show as part of the bi-annual Band Alumni Reunion
It was closer
Kindly follow back
October 20, 2018: I wonder what was he doing Lottie via Sam Instagram Stories
JK so proud of his bracelet..cute
Thank you
Drunk and happy
Brittney & Tim were such an awesome couple to work with and their wedding was amazing!!! Ashley Abel Photography captured all the fun
Beautiful morning for a bit of hockey
Thank you
Thanks lovely
Love sleeping over Brees because the airport is only like 5 min away so I get more sleep
hear hear the 70 year misrule theme being played again
Thank you so much
I feel 20 percent better after sleeping! Not much but hey. Happy Sunday
Nos regalamos paz
Well whatever suits your healing time get well soon
Hi, Redge. Hope you're okay fine naman. Thanks for checking on me, anon.
Jeste
Hello Donny Osmond was a guest judge one year. He threw 10s around with gay
Sinong malapit
Project homework, Lily wanted to do a poem about dinosaurs
Capelli imbarazzanti 2.0 felice domenica
Sweet. This is for you,
Get yourself a professional logo and boost your business
I hate coding
Nice one He is also my go too pumpkin design most years they all look good though!
Merci
Yes Shanna someone will live there! Hopefully it will be me
Here's a bit of a Mr. Chaplin's MagnificenceYou're all dreaming the same as me aren't you.. if just a
Looks like such an inspiring environment- lucky children
Gain followers fast
Retweet and Like this
Follow all who do
Follow back all that follow you
Only
Keep us out of your mouth thanks
This is truly amazing! Great oppai! Super cute! Thank you!
Good morning
Tell me more ?
The team is only getting stronger!
Date with Baby Hannah.
Target Mall Sta. Rosa
CRUSHHHHHHH
What do you think of my ongoing track?
And thanks to for being such a cool cousin & an awesome (sober) DD
Thank you for making me cry a thousand times, it's making me stronger as days pass by.
Even after 40 years you still be beautiful
If he does, can I come stay
Massive happy high fives and high tens! So many well dones You rocked it Penny Crayon !
good morning
Not boring lol they are what u make them
my outfit was toooooo cuteeeee
It will be your time soon be patient
Congrats to for winning Fair Game 5!! Hope you enjoy the controller I made
Also thank you
i love you, but i want you to be happy, so letting you go
I'm in love with that outfit!
O okay. Thanks
Ahhh an oldie but a goodie You can see the jump in technology between the A330 and A350. Wonder
It looks perfect
Life is too short to spend time with people who suck the happiness out of you.
So always be happy
That was the days!
No not but I will certainly keep an eye out for it now
Thanks for the recommendation.
Hope doing well xx
Live pictures from HQ this
Have a relaxing day everyone
Project homework, Lily wanted to do a dinosaur poem.
No they are still available
I also quite enjoy the varaha avatar. Just did for a very late-night snack.
This is effort to clean the dirty linen and look patriotic atleast 75 yrs later!
Nasaan ka na,
Girls don't need material things we need love and care nakakarupok yun hahaha
That's a great term.
And every one should stand up instead of tweeting too.
It really does like it changed my cousin so please can you unblock her. Thanks
Good luck with the move. Hope to see you for the Rosenborg game
Thank you. We are delighted you enjoyed your meal with us
It's pretty much been edited together I just need to create an out to
a shame Oh well, still lots of positive things happening at the school
Di man sinwerte sa KTM Duke 390 na raffle, still a great day
with get_repost
Coffee and chill mornings. Just how I like my mornings to be
Wearing
Thank you, James!
So hot!
It's been my pleasure
Start of another for Go Kimmy!
Eh no. That is not my intention. not even related to you. Dont worry okay sorry sorry.
got a haircut and i feel less shit about my self now
gorgeous pic
Welcome
4 or 5
Can't beat that!
This is so beautiful
No bf, sad , engaged, happy
Thank you
Hi sorry i dont have a video but try to find the post i got this pic from
Baseball is always better in October Goodnight, LA. We got a great week to look forward to
There's no problem at all
Thank you
good morning hope you can follow back
music therapy after lunch
Welcome
My October Holiday events begin tomorrow! Woohoo... I can't wait to get started!
Join me at one of
Thank you & God Bless
Eat half, walk double, laugh triple and love beyond measure
Jon making my life a shit show since the moment we met.
thank you her cousin lol
Waiting for the queue to go down from 6577,878,8778, people in line to get coffee travelling to Toronto,
What an awesome game it was Lisa!!! The Blue Crew going back to the World Series!!!
Gain followers fast
Retweet and Like this
Follow all who do
Follow back all that follow you
Only
That's true Smile lang goodvibes lang everyday
well, it is
you know how he loves to FONTificate.
Always
rhodahmusic:
"From my heart to you all Good morning
.#rose .
.
.
.
.
Aww, are you trying to bribe me by giving me that kiss?
you're still grating it wrong! Its just downward strokes not up and down!
project homework, she chose to do a dinosaur poem
Correct we are on a the same page
Congratulations
Good morning
Hoy toca Griffindor
Hello Hanna I'm very good! How are you doing?
Yeah! Impossible is nothing if you dream, believe on yourself and work for achieve this you always win
Technology is the solution
Bliss
A huge thank you
Not Matic! It is Vidic
I imagine it is! But there again she wields the heavy shawl. Here she is doing a show - 2 pics
You're welcome
Good morning you pretty ladies
Only?
wait to see her dance in it
Uploading my new vlog. Weightloss update and quick everyday makeup.
Hello hope you are well and have had a great weekend so far
Goodnight I love Louis
Your dms are closed so I put the link here make For make ?
So yesterday I had a date with this guy and it was so much fun and he seems to really like me
I got fake people showing fake love to me
seven sevin
Breakfast flapjack from my new cookbook
Had this mango and coconut bad boy with
Superbe
hello vlad, i hope youre doing fine Im not fine :(((
be having some fun pulling out old tweets from the if this comes off
I want to see you this close JR
Thanks to LARME for reviving the lazy HKT Showroomers
Go give Morg_music a follow guys!
Yeah, my Hebrew is not that great, but that scene seems pretty cute
PaPM inclusions and itinerary nung banaue-sagada-baguio pls
Your story should have +6 men holding you down, usukhuphe oyi1 izinyo
Super Sunday Talk About My Upcoming Album
Stop asking yourself if you can do it, and start saying "I can do it!".
Lord, I can do it!
+1 in my collection
his smile means the world to me,,,
Oooh looks lovely! Hope there is the sea/good swimming nearby.. enjoy
Congrats!!! How long are you going to be in Seoul?
I don't have regrets with my life and i thank god for everything so much love for me and everyone
Amazing photo Chris - have a good day too
now off to smash mine and house to bits fragile even cut it
Yes and good at organising her time she was very strict with study time for school so she could go to classes
Works for me!
all else fails i got my friends a good ass night
cnmlar
Watching Match of the day
Job no villamix
He has nothing to offer after 2014's tall promises n Zero delivery
Now, he trying to coin new word 'One Family '.
Binyagan natin yung yakimix sa Terraces
Binyagan natin yung yakimix sa Terraces
the best cure! Hope you feel better soon!
thank you for sharing
Hopefully. Stay tuned
ikr! glad it didn't get any bigger tho and all is good now
Well, guess we have to meet in 2022. Seems like there aren't any slots for about an year. Will stall
Nice to meet you to, thank you. I hope you like my Twitter page to
I am more than thankful that God gave me a classmate/friend and a kuya like him.
I love it! We always used it as kids and you are one of the few seen use it!
Okay super cute in that puchi as it is, but that got going there is just ... ridiculously cute.
You can see that I have nothing better to do on a Sunday morning
Omg I love these Shadam scenes Thank you
Thankyou sa ph invite kay mccoy congrats sa concert mo
so happy this happened.
Shachshanova
Just got home
Ayy iyi
Yes you actually don't think about your nation and keep sending good condolences to India
Happy Sunday!
I love him love him i love him You're so fine I'm so fine
Please send screenshots of my tweets to your friends t for thanks.
On avec impatience
Thanks Pixy
Hii ! Good morning
Bopiliao Historic Block
D'accord
Thanks
I hope next tour he will wear more sheer shirts again
3 yrs later but still no hover boards or flying cars but still one of my favourite box sets
Yup
This happened in korea
le = smile (Swedish), laugh (Norwegian) happiness (mandarin) ...Innercircle heart
LAST DAY TODAY for - one of the best contemporary craft fairs in London. going this afternoon!
thanks for following my channel
Thank you
That's very nice of you.
Have a groovy Sunday matey!
Only tudey dungs
happy your happy you deserve it baby
Is that ?
thanks for following my channel
Today ~ Album Preview Live
It will start in almost an hour
Thankyou
thanks for following
I love bunny girls! Chris is so cute! thank you!
Thank you
Koi shaq?
Things have changed for me, and that's okay.
Oooh. Sounds good. Yes please
thanks for following
Thank you. Not all yellowbellies are Leavers!
Thank you my wife is writing a lot more often on her iPad, and I was
Great shots Steve
Spending my Sunday morning rewatching 2017 Orlando vlogs because I miss Florida and these guys
I'm sorry. I can't keep my promise.
See you later Taeyong, , and all my friends here.
I'll be back ASAP.
- van
Hey everyone
Since life is not just pictures.. I decided to follow the idea of a friend and participate in the
Purple field
Again a great thank you for posting another fantastic message.
Me to
New art!
Thanks so much, Chris.
thanks for following
Thank you. And the same to you!
Benji, you are always present. Wow
Sure, your lips were on it.
Have a wonderful day too.
Hope you lead the fight. I mean d real fight
A bit of the Joker of a Sunday morning
thanks for following my channel
Gracias
Lol thank you
I know
finally done huhu :-(( Lord, ikaw na po bahala sa amin
Thanks
No problems thanks for making great music looks like no clashes between the two festivals in
thanks for following
It is.
Anyhow. Me, I'm waiting for the Cake you'll give us on Saturday sha
thanks for the follow
Hope your ok
thanks for following
Thankyou sa pag invite kay congrats ang success concert mo
I literally worked for 12hours now time for a blunt
Oo.
Meron ka ba ? Haha
I really enjoyed the company of Leadership Academy cohort 179 last night - thank you Great to see so many
Thanks for your response! It makes sense now, thanks for your help
Youre welcome and thank you!
Get well Ck Uminom ka ng gamot and lots of water and u need a Vitamin V as always
Thank you so much TJ
Yup.
difficult to understand u guys frequently coz lies come in the way. lol frantic how unwanted dudes stick
Taosan~~
Finally, you met Miyuchan personally!
And we love you
Cant wait for next year trip RJ wait for me
Morning all
Come see our amazing Ambassadors in red this and they'll get you started on your Staffs Journey!
A pleasure Peter! Not that many birds here too. Gone to warmer places
Thank you
completed
Thank you Charlie.
can i touch your hair brook ? love you from france xx
Good Morning Chris
Just about to do some weekly shopping
Sunday morning
Thank you two weeks in and loving it. Head full of new-ness
Happy birthday to him
Oooohh love you & thank you
That thunder go see you and say oh ! It's nana aba o lemme hit the ground
Always a pleasure to share and RT your pics, Lee.
uy love yourself b3h
have Presence Of God Inside
By the right person
'Rico Suave's' daughter Nadia Grace is a lot more than a one-hit wonder (25 Photos)
You are assured of two things there , sex not being one of them.
Muchas gracias!
Green valley court
Con Leo en el stand de
Hoy hay que animar a muerte!
Ha ha I never said any such thing though neither accepting nor denying
Yea babe I'm all good but thank you, I really appreciate it I love you too girlie
No its a shop from back home
One of the best tweets so far
Uy nice yan enjoy
Good morning Sharon , tonight I had really wonderful dreams and it is great that I remember
please try this app to unroot your device. thank you for
Aww thank you
Thanks for follow
Happy Birthday Pawgeous!!!
Thank you
Thank you for thinking of me.
I had a great weekend so it's time to back to work inday
Mutlu Pazarlar
If you really love it I'll give it to you
Thank you! My reading is not what I would like it to be at the moment but this is definitely helping.
Accepted deleted my tweet
Aww thank you
oW is terrible Hahahaha
Will do.
they so?
deactivate fb account
SCRABBLE IS SO MUCH FUN!! THE BEST GAME EVER! I love how close Taylor and her mom Andrea are && look
That is what makes him special . He should take up some talented team yet trophy
Bonjour adorable Georges bonne
When you become so hopeless with your problems, please do find immediate action. Find HOPE which you can only found in the name of Jesus.
Your most welcome sir and how are you?
Thanks.
Take a flight through time with the lovely ladies of the skies
thank you boris-bot
End of 1stQ 19-20
Nah! Coffee to get the eyes open then tea en loop all day
Bright and shiny over here! Good morning!
Hopefully tomorrow
Family love
Give me all the blankets
Subho Bijoya to all my peers.
Bijoya lunch
Dinner was Luchi and Ghugni, ghugni made by my Boroma
Allah loves and cares about you more than those people combined
Dan how would a guy from Scotland smoke that fire cannabis you have that would b a trip to remember
memories last forever
Bhai I actually cannot catch you suggestion.
I love it! It's soft and good quality
like the 3rd one on back row
Mutlu Pazarlar
Love my Staffy . Hope she's on the mend soon Matt, i used to have a rescue Greyhound beautiful breed.
Another lush morning ride. Bit steamy though still loving my Milano jacket
Demoiselle "Violine" aux cheveux courts
sure thing Michael phones make our lives easier and more fun, but we agree good to take a
many are called but few are chosen
If only husband and wife are only praising instead of yelling what a wonderful world
Congrats to for winning Fair Game 5!! Hope you enjoy the controller I made
Also thank you
Please check this out X
If your a friendly person hmu
Just .. GORGEOUS !!!
I know not all roads are being done but the ones I see look good
movie mar all day, my kind of sunday!
Thank you
Thank you
What show is this?
Sunday morning strollings in the beautiful autumn sunshine
Buy Karlyle Tomms products! YOU COULD BECOME SEXIER, SMARTER AND RICHER! Access at
So sorry I see now. I am so But yes, God truly know our hearts
My old self was a sad sad girl I'm glad she's not anymore
Dont be tired dear,,, Somebody is waiting for you to meet him
orgulloso de su
I'll be rooting for your debut! Thanks
Thank-you
I know about We , but I know that I love you too
very well thank you xx
bet tht would happen if he wins but he even win so leave it there
Egyptian and Mesopotamian
Good morning have a wonderful Sunday
And does costume changes too! Thank you .. was a pleasure chatting with you.
johnny: hey
me: shut up whore
Yes please!
I love this Pilpres
Thank You Lord for everything! Manila Memorial Park
Can't wait Elina Svitolina 's 1st match is about to begin
glad to know we're on the same page... always
Yep. This made me cry. Maybe there is hope for us, after all.
am flying in to see Wednesday in Wimbledon, could there be a special appearance? one can only hope
I also think so mam
Thank you He is the most adorable little dog and so good natured.
Im not an expert
Still if I have understood the meaning of that dialogue or scn
I will def discuss it you
Master piece of Director Sir
Made audiences to think the villian in Ratsasan movie
Lawyer who owns a beauty parlour
Currently a law student with a hairdressing qualification working at a furniture shop
Hello twitter...
Oh not to worry! People are loving that Meghan is working
I love you Arshi
Verrrrrrrrrrry SORRY FOR THAT COMMENT
Starting with this bad boy. I stopped eating dairy 3 years ago so when I found this I was gasssssssed. So good
owhh.. blessed
All is well
Wow I'm so mad I don't remember this thank you though
I should come and cuddle you?
I love this book! Pick it up if you haven't yet.
Hey Richard look what I bought This Morning
Sakchi, Jharkhand, India
A-3
B-5
C-1
D-2
E-4
Josh when did you turn into a Liberal shrill?
Tonka trucks are good to talk about Just gets a little over whelming and disappointing
You too, have a great Sunday sunshine
can i know your name? my name is Serena
Allah will success you
Amanda will be your squishy end to a great Thursday (30 Photos)
Happy birthday sa amv crush ko HAHAHA. ,CPA !!!!!
Kung si Liza Soberano pa rin ang then I contest
I'm reminded of your art
Working on nudes rn
Heartly Welcome To Twitter
Keep Smiling Us with latest Updates
Olette ansainneet kaikki kehut! You guys have earned all the praise!
Murray's christening day has finally arrived
Yes po, mam, ser
Good Luck to our Development team who today welcome Colne Valley in the Capital Cup Keep that run going girls!
pagbigyan natin yung mga shout outs and confessions today..
-Bb.EL
It is
If only I could climb right into the picture and be there .. wouldn't that be grand !!!
Fools are fools ignore them
Oh thanks Anne and Jonny!
Been again This time
Wish to see both in the drama.
Mifcom
It feels good to finally hang-out with Dylan! May invite pa kami for sleep-over! Wow!
PS
Thanks sa spaghetti Mai
Thanks brother
At least you saw the speeches!
There was a vocal that went
thank the doctors too
Kids hey?! Good luck with that!! And happy Sunday Naomi x
Kamran Bhai, they can run but cannot hide
1 - 0
Kids hey?! Good luck with that!! And happy Sunday Naomi x
Pathetic lang. let it go.
bon dimanche dav' gros bisous
Less than a week to go... and feeling a little emotional, the reviews coming in are incredible Thank you so
They all sexy on their own. No need to to campare
Ooohhh. I get it, saw your profile. '16 eh? Nice to meet you
Paris aussi
Aww that's lovely to see Christopher! Was the rest of your stay just as impressive? Danny
Oooh yeah, just looked it up, it's pretty pricey. The stages seem a bit sparse, but there's plenty of speed
Sunshine in Bedfordshire
Here you go
Thank you so much
The Clingy Bunch
was very nice to see you was an awesome stream!
finally the outfit we'd been waiting for
Thank you
See you!! Kwento tomorrow
Also see messenger haha if u have time
ANN122& 124
Great refreshing read
I just love one part is Mastermind I don't know about Mastermind
Pleas and retweet! It will be ang big help guys! Thank youuuu
A new visitor to the garden.
Charming manners, a polite squeak , a lil bit too whiffy with the pheromones tho.
I will stay in to you
Done
Thanks brother
Bagong fave song namin ng elder son kowhen i first heard it, i knew magugustuhan nya. When he came home one
Hi! Thanks for letting us know. As discussed, we will get back to you on this. Thank you, Shrinkhla
welcome
My second home
still time
Got a better idea, unblock your number so you can hit my line since you have soooo much to say about me I
Ah, good to know that! Let me be the first then.
Super crisp shot
Keep safe Gelo
Sorry i think this is not Jenny.
I can never just sleep through the whole night wtf...
Que pases un buen
Thank you. really good to hear I swim yet. I tried six years ago when I was much
Let's eat Happy Christening baby Jep Papas
Okay. I looked up the montage. I'm flattered you think I can afford That!
Would be nice for a very special occasion though.
1st day actual driving
So many positives
RT WorldWideCarsTM: Audi R8 playing in the rain
Shit starting to take action
sbb owner nk pergi honeymoon
Alright hope say If hustle pay.
We go enjoy the fruit of your labour
Thanks
Yes you are, also one very cute boy too
Good shock, we hope Shev?
Seeing your documentary + mental health interests, you'll absolutely love
thanks much ms chi!!! lamyu!!!
Thank you Rita, Westlife is a Mum/Daughter/s time so a bit special to us all for a number of reasons
while reading finishing kindle book before start new one
Hello Fellow Irish Writer Co. Meath for me
Oh, this was a year ago raman diay. Hala!!! A lot can happen in a year jud Who'd have thought I'd get through
Where to get football highlights
cc
thankiesss
Right solution maim
As always!
Ini lebih dekil lagi
Nerd jokes to start your Sunday!
GDPR (for those that don't know, this acronym stands for the new European
Happy Birthday
We got 36K subs on YT Makes me really really happy! Love you guys!
They look delicious
They had a great time thank you so proud of them !!
Glad to know that you could vent out !
Nice to meet you
Lol!!! It was good seeing you!
Invariably this happens
Looking forward
My point of view tho
Come one, Lomee! Nasty weather but it's going to be a quiet day Time to get up and
thank you queent
Alpinus galiba,
Cute baby Panda thats me!!
Tru dat!
This month is eight years for me
Just Got home Gondo this movie, nakakabitin ahh Sana may part 2
U were exceptional mate
Congratulations on a wonderful career
The cricket ball will miss ur SWING
i love coffee too. Hehehehe
You are indeed
happy to announce been accepted to the FCS League Thank you so much this is a small step to something big
Thank you gorgeous here this morning. You ok chicken, recovered and ready for the next one?
so lovely
Thank you for sharing
Obsesifler mutlu
I understand I hope you don't beat yourself too hard. I honestly just hope he comes back even if he
Thank you lovely man x
Current $ARK price: $0.78
HURRY! Binance is currently accepting new users
2 - Think positive, be happy : you can make a list where you write all what you like about yourself ( for
Happy Wedding nadee semoga aku menyusul
hi Charmaine just to say that I watched your show last night you were fantastic you looked absolutely incredible X
You need to do the caterpillar, get it on tv!!
God bless u too!!
Played us off the park and lost 1-0
Morning
I was writing about Milkshake! Live coming to a local theatre this week
Somewhere in Australia.
Thank you very much
rocking the new kit ... sponsored by and we are totally loving the colour
Morning all Found this booklet whilst foraging. Attached recipe from Jill......and Christine Johnson
Goodmorning world!
Have an amazing Sunday
Keep smiling, your smile is precious
She's so cute!!! I hope she has a great rehearsal!
I have to many favourite songs from Exo but one of my all time favourites is definitely
Oh that explains why single
gusto ko mag adventure ung may hiking, zipline, road trip, and picnic
I will definitely wait for you
thanks in advance!
Nor am I
will watch this ep after the exams
Great thanks Julie. Sold out at 11.30.
Thank you God for everything
no edit
Lmao surely it's been a month .
Right here or two.
The pleasure is mine
My pleasure
Sorry - I meant roll on the END of the unipolar world whoops.
Aw! Enjoy Faulkerson stay happy!
Beautiful lovely
thinking about it.
You look having a great time
Happy Sunday guys
Have fun and enjoy
I am, you are, he is, she is....
Come Join us at
BRAZZERS - 2 in 1 Cherie Deville and Rahyndee James
What a fantastic prize, African Drumming Workshop for 2 thank you London African Drumming
Uuwi na Siya
Now you relax and wait
Oh thank you!
is reading your review now too We love great local food.
that's okayyyyyy bebbbb learn to let
uWu
Hahaha just a nice surprise visit from someone special
finallyyyyy! thanks a lot
going home yey
Please vote wisely, babyz
Happy birthday my fave
Thank u
Good morning twitter
Skincare talk dekat USIM lagi. Khamis ni 25/10
happy birthday Clare, have the best day ever hopefully see you soon again xx
deep conversation with ibu
An absolute pleasure
Got the track, Good to go for Wednesday, needed a bit of inspiration, thank you
My car is so dirty, its a reason enough to go to car wash and drink
Thank you
finishing up details for the g/a
You are very welcome.
Same here, but boobs are a good thing
hey guys
if you know already, i started a youtube channel over a month or so ago! i am trying super hard
Hallu
3rd a Chusesam
Good morning, Marcello!
Great by the whole squad and thanks Dico for yet another top performance. Owz you must get to more games!
Good morning x
Just got home from Divisoria. Kapoy pero happy
Thank you
Bin die Ruhe selbst
it's the most powerful kind of sorcery! very tasty though
How is your weekend going, friends?
A sweet treat to make this sweet Sunday even sweeter.
Thanks for your live tweets! saves me from ever having to watch it
This tweet, "RT chanyeolliestic: B_hundred_Hyun
This tweet, "RT Pandita0314: Time Check 3:17 am.
hasn't been tweeted more than 371 times.
Europe was meant to start at 9am But now 10am which is right now!!!
This tweet, "RT Pandita0314: Time Check 3:17 am.
hasn't been tweeted more than 371 times.
Get well trex
Our Autumn guided walk is one week today! Booking is essential and places are filling up fast - call us on
Nuh uh.... Not me boo boo. Im sipping my tea
Share your favourite photos with us in the comments below for a chance to feature on our social
" What's yours is mine or what's mine is yours " is their motto i guess? Sharing everything is marriage!
3rd Day a Chusesam
Thank you
Estoy viendo Star Wars
Stay focused and remember your more powerful than you know you are ... believe in YOU always
Super
Incoming Airport Update:#SundaySmiles Share your favourite photos with us in the comments below for a chance to
At the end of the day, all you got is yourself
Tag a strong and lovely woman you know.
Thank you
RT really hot out here but I love my job ,so no complaints
Very vintage
And take a spare suitcase for merchandise
Good afternoon sir
thank you very much
Good morning! I'm sure worthless shits like you would love waking up by being smothered by my feet, don't you?
I'll highlight the word *should*.
But everyone doesn't know.
Basically hez even senior frm one of our senior teacher, thts y i felt amazed!
See you managed to capture our programme editor Rachel on one of your Photos
the only one who could make me happy
Or follow on AO3
We are really proud to have supported to fund career workout sessions for students to attend
Cr. IGanmom
No matter what comes your way, never ever let go of His hand.
My and 's is now showing on this cool museum on melbourne.
i don't know how to speak spanish, but i really like this
Mine doesn't bloom atm. It's only green.
But soon I hope.
I can't believe there's only 3 hours left! Going to read nonstop and see how many pages I can get under my belt
ateee hihihihi haluhen
booked! how much things can positively change in such a short time
I don't know what's happening for sure that a lot of them still like you
Here here! And we can certainly recommend Northumberland
hi Valentina just to say that I watched your show last night you looked amazing x
Goodmorning! Yiyi. No nato again please
Reason behind your kind nature and your huge success??
just reality
Oh, this makes us happy
Thank you. Hope we can get a clearer vid and speech eventually.
Ayieeee
Shhh dnt mntion!
Sure thing
Relatives
Thanks
Hopefully nothing happen .
These long hours are killing me roll on shopping day next week
imagine having a sembreak. can't relate !
Thank you for sharing your beautiful picture
Sonrisa...
He really is yeah Growing up way too fast
Already passed the 18 months mark too
Definite watch! One of the best ones
Do point them out
So happy rn
Follow these smiles, lead the way to happiness
Yay!!!!! So excited! One of my favorite duos Definitely the best looking duo too! Safe week ahead you two!
The Tide and Mirrors are my favourites
Morning , such a lovely sunny morning! How are you today?
Finally preparing my Seoul itinerary wait to be back home (???)
That is excellent use of a Denby plate! All looking great
Morning lovely
Thank you
I'm away next weekend on our yearly gentlemans outing so
Here po hihi
nice to meet you you're one my favorite au writer
if you ever followed me, I'd be happier than K.C. whenever she kicks bad guy butt hope you see this one day I love you xo
I wonder how they do it back in the day.
Do what ever makes you happiest
So gorgeous, isn't it? It's like a celebration also her mother, I cannot
Success! hehehe
I love blackout
Morning You okay?
Good morning Jackie I hope you have a wonderful day today
I wish I had a father like that!
Lucky mo po kuya
Sweet father and son but bestfriends
Thanks Chris hoping be back to full strength at the start of next year
Tonight have gone any better
if you followed me, I'd be happier than a pickle that was eaten by you hope you see this one day I love you so much xo
Hopefully nothing serius happen .
Thankyouuuuu for visiting, couz juliet. Take care and keep safe kayo palabas ng bansa. See you soon again.
Tambay mode
An hour in and already two autographs done. Now for a coffee
on
& more of this for the road
aww we got this angle wherein you can see all of them
good morning friend
Thank you
My mother is visiting today for dinner because she wants to hear all about our BTS trip
"Cosa din y taeog ac efe a gach yn dy law" LOL
Loses a lot in translation, sorry
A blunt a day keeps all the stress & anxiety away
Lifted.
kindly report this account
and also
341-648-349
Good morning
Avail 2 slot lg BO nya, yuk cinta yg trcepat dia dpt
VCS juga ready
wa: 082285354863
Ooooo I love yalls energy today
Thanks tirrell
That's really true but it is no problem.
Have a nice sunny Sunday Sweety
See you later! Xx
Bald guys need not worry!! carry on cooking
Thank you!
Thank you
Indeed Chetan. Perhaps you can also try with yours Beat wishes
CHECK US OUT! Providing phone accessories, gadgets and other great gifts. Give us a
I love your smile
Suits me to leave it to slow cook today
Where to find us? Open on Sunday from 11-5pm! See you tomorrow!
.
.
.
.
.. hmm .. I can .. in my mind !!!
OMD I love it x thanks *zoooom*
Glad to hear Yeah, doing much better this morning thank you Hope you have a good day
Love the bluey/lilac, gorgeous
Thanks
Incase you missed yesterday's upload
Merci beaucoup vous ! Aahhh Papounay notre indic twitanniv !
Thank you so much
Morning out on your bike today ?
Morning Miss P XX
Morning Ian beautiful photo
Bruh ppl gone try to invite me to my own funeral... If I ever die of course
Wow
thanks for retweeting.
sama2 dear
no matter what u still my type
Beautiful by Leave a comment!!
-
good Maybe night time is just too long for her to hold. Would she use those mats if u put them down?
Come on Boys let's do this don't stop fighting
It makes me really happy to know that Blue Peter is still a thing
I'm sorry if na-stalk kita. Interesting ka kasi so I find ways to know things about you. Seryoso ako. Promise.
welcome
You can dm me whenever you want or reply to me tweets or quote tweet it.
Direction Lyon
finally organised my apps guys
Pete Hope you have a great weekend. Are you settled in now x
i'll be better this time
It's a cheddar waffle kind of day! Could Sunday really be complete without Available from 9 am to 2
please give Lee Hi, CL, Winner and One an album
06.04.15 Pahabol sa Summer 2015
Thanks for reaching out. Will deal with this.
Hope you are enjoying your holiday!
Bonjour
Hehe chuuut personne avait vu
Nice view. Are you feeling better now?
Looking fab Kirstie - wait to get my hands on these and disseminate across our service
It sucks big time when that happens, hope it worked out in the end
Ang ganda naman, Marta is singing now. With A Smile
So proud of you, congratulations on another week on being Number One Well deserved, loving the book! xx
Jee Hawn breakFast kr rehe...
Elina Svitolina worked so hard for this moment!Here she FINAL(ly) is 2018. GO ELI!
It was all unexpected
Gorgeous smile
Alright. Just send time and place
Morning Chris, really enjoyed all your beautiful Lakes pics
Have a lovely Sunday
My mood just went from a 3 to an 8 real quick. I feel good
One More Chance
Goodnight
Text me
Morning thanks for the Rt & I would imagine so
Yasss! They have the moves!
Its a ATYPICAL
It's abt an Autistic guy who is obsessed with penguins
Really wanted to do a fan art since forever but not good of an artist.... Tried this
Happy to see that
Haha of course. Senyuman dia manis
Hey I just messaged Cynthia and we have arranged how to meet and get it sorted. Thank you
Got something stolen from paradise!
My sis and I are going next Saturday noodle...... wait
good morning
Just stay safe please
Thank you so much
Dm me
No one else to mind her It was a nice fresh, dewy walk xx
If you come out publicly and deny being part of the govt. that brought us here, have my vote sir.
this one's good
Sayang. See you soon.
Yannick is wishing everyone a beautiful Sunday
Happy 11th Birthday my Mary
Its a ATYPICAL
It's abt an Autistic guy who is obsessed with penguins
Chuffed
Thx John! You, too!
Justney
Going over my slices for my FY2 talk while having a massive cuppa happy Sunday
Thank you for being a good sister for me.
Excellent - thank you
Wanna feel better? Try observing your surroundings, Creatures around you.
Ta Mary
yes that's it a baby sister
Everybody enjoy the day. Tomorrow promised.
I completely agree with you.
I thought I was the only Pakistani who hated her and this joker
Really the perfect casting
Yes. Just potted some up that rooted quite quickly in water
Bore da!
Price exclude postage fee, negotiable if buy more than one item
-Can trade to wishlist, anything just dm me
well as long as these two keep inspiring me, I will keep creating
Ok well at least you have a nice view Tryna give this half full glass of water to yah
All beautiful and empowed ladies
Sometimes, playing around with photo enhancing techniques can give you a million new ideas for paintings ...
Jgh
Pity you but pity the pau more
a film by
Power of Powell gone
Lol you did seem a bit preoccupied when I left! And I mean it would have been rude to interrupt. Right?
According to Sunday Morning Have a great day, folks!
Thanks Beth I'm sad to tell you the pictures were not mine, haha!
Include m too
Hey everyone My aim on here is to get 2k Follow my other socials in my bio!
Happy birthday to you my love! You deserve all the good things that will come your way stay cheerful and bubbly
But then again, you probably won't see this anyway..
When u wake up nice and fresh on route to Pick my car up Sunday shop then home to make a lovely home cooked tea
You have to be live
Everything happens have a reason.
She said YES
Yey!
I'll see them next year.
Morning lovely
Bang hot babes
dorm invasion horny moms interracial videos lesbian squirt
Yes i understand your pov Riddhi
An old one but a golden one that caught my eyes....#thalaplayingpubg!!!!! thuglife forever!!!
10 days left...
Very proud of myself
Can I know where po?
Hola VALLEKAS
SALUD !!! A los dos clubes
nuodmuna
They on the shortlist for partnership unfortunately but I concur on the rest
Old songs are the best
So glad to know you had fun your night sounds awesome
mind me, just out there trying to convince you to draw more erotica porn, just chilling
Die tollste Community im Internet
Are you disco are you cola ingilizcesi degil benim ki hocam in fact that ler in orderlar falan
You can definitely have it
Think outside the box, but acknowledge inside
.
mercari_uk .
ugg .
How wonderful! Yes I'm sure I'll still talk to her during difficult times thank you
It's amazing bc I realise I've seen or I'll see live the 5 first groups legends only
Thank you for reaching out contact you in DM
hahaha
Morning everyone. Hangover surprisingly isn't too bad, however mood = shit!... Have a lovely sunday.
Morning, thank you too
Hi Jo! I love it when you drop by! One of our originals!!
Bilmeyen
Thank you so much! This def made me smile
minta di refresh bae
This feels good
181021 IG OK! Awards Compliation. (1)
We are.
We are so pleased to hear this, Liz! ^JC
boss baby season 2
This illustration will always make me smile
The basic truth of humanity
Lunch time
Sorry kung late na
Thank you
Credits
To all archi babies. INGAAAT MO SA INYONG PAG ULI. ENJOY THE SEM BREAAAK PIPSSS. lovelove
by: Pres mwaaah
3rd Nov come fast.
181021 IG OK! Awards Compliation. (2)
Waiting at the door for Daddy like
Another great night with Brighouse Ladies Circle
HURRY! Binance is currently accepting new users
$BTC $ZCL $ETH $ETC $BCH $LTC $XRP $DASH
This is so cute
I asked Andreas to open an issue
I was smiling on the inside.
Thank you thank You thank you
Yess Catherine! Austin LOVES the rolls!
And as I look up the sky, I see clouds. Deym yes my happy pill how can I forget?
There we go! here
Manila this coming 31st of October
Aww
He has taken many stunning shots of the members.
Foreal. Now que some
My life, my life, my life, my
Good luck heading down to Solihull!
Retweet this
Like this
Follow all that Like & Retweet
Follow back all that follow you
Turn my
be there too!!
This illustration will always make me smile the basic truth of humanity
Without brainstorming
All part of campaigning
May good food follow me all the days of my life.
if you follow me, i will be happy
ang ganda ng boses mo dun ate upload mo sa twitter woOow HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH thankyouuuuu
U can only tell hw cheap an exam is wen u see ur result....until den jst keep ur fingers crossed
Blessed Sunday!
Ah, your young, modern culture references appear to be wasted on me.
Ha, got the experts together! Could have easily done it with photoshop, guys!
I will have a great day my birthday today can I have a tweet please from you and
Done already
Pls rt this too
thank you
It's that wonderful mid tan colour!! Went down very easily
We don't need menus for the Triple-B (48 Photos)
Ohhh alright
From the movie the extraordinary journey of fakir
should make tree toppers next year...or in these next 8 weeks.
They were like that with all of my friends. Many different guys. But thanks I appreciate that you care
My pleasure kirtu thanks to you
Best thing u could do
escape from your eyes
Xbox one
Thank you
Agree to disagree then.
I love going to the tip/dump
Another weekend and Another Comp Good Luck to my little dude and all the guys from Dance Jam who are Competing
Have a absolutely wonderful
Isn't she wonderful? And so are you!
This love has no ceiling, I cannot deny
G7 industry G8 lapu-lapu and MY OHSP CLASSMATE
Sorry VP, but your mom is much prettier than you.
it's better to pretend not to care for than to pretend that you care
Thank you Todd
181021 IG OK! Awards Compliation. (3)
Off to to play my fiddle
So I see! still in bed too
Today was a very nice day all told!
Belated best wishes Steve!
You have my vote darling
listen to the song with headphones in or something then you will
15 years already?! It feels like it was yesterdayLove you Love OTH
Raheem Sterling, joint top of the League
My pleasure, as always
Happy to see you guys like this goodluck and fighting at semis wadid
I had fun tonight . Glad my sister got me out the house
Morning
Everything Stew
right bro .... Muslims are much better than us { idiot hindu's}
wish me luck
Kathy have a super Sunday x
The guy should know what to do
Watching on TV
Thank you!
I already have them, Harry. I read one yesterday. It's Shayne.
Check the profile
Lol not yet
I'm sure Ese delivered my message yesterday
Thanks she will be working up to her final exams now
Thank you, Breege
Cool!
actually English, but lived here for twenty years now. So I claim some kind of irishness :)
Dont trust everything you see
Congrats LODI Hasem Baladjay!
Thank you, hope you have a great day
I am a child of God Blessed from church
My Venom Movie Review. Followss appreciated
I had to scratch the art itch so I made this cheeky tiefling bust out of some plasticine.
Happy Birthday po!
I am a child of God Blessed from church
Go on then
keep your circle they say. thanks for making my 18th birthday memorable and special love u
Jgh
Of course you're right
And I am Douglas today
( meant to say less )
Kiki and Elina.
and were right.
Hi Tom, sadly yes. Oddbins Chorlton closed on 12th October, but we can still help you out online at
Aww, thank you. You totally made me smile, so thank you very much for that.
an intellectual exo-l. good luck for the comeback guys!!!
Thank you
Have a great day
Morning! Thank you
Bob have a great one xxx
love it
yes... bc i'm lazy and dumb go learn it if you really want to it's a very interesting subj/course. it
I love you And I will always will
You welcome you welcome you welcome
yes I'll definitely be there if there is another one. Hope you both slept well and didn't get mobbed at breakfast xx
Ma free ang first hour nimo if makahagit kag 5 friends na willing mo avail sa shoot.
Fank yoos...Momma say she look a mess...she had mud on her face n in her hair...pfft, I n anyway dat was da point
Yes yous can
No Nicholas.. Roy Aiken has been for the last 2 seasons.. xx
aww
The boy that did One Direction was like yon lip syncing pisstake! The quine that sung Imagine was really good though
Look Gary what draw for you! Please
Yes, she stays with us and is already integrated in our rook community
Thank you
Babygirl come here lemme give you a hug
Hi Helena Do we know when be broadcast on the radio yet?
No pressure bebe gurl! You still need to take a rest
Aminnnn... Terimakasih noona
This is what I do when I have a babysitter. TV and duvet
Thank you!!
Have a great day Danni
Super proud of my boys, our first half marathon together (14.02 miles) yesterday
Sometimes the tweetalong to provides a skewed impression of the omnibus. Always good for a chuckle
i'm olive and my bias is taeyang! do you have a bias?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY GOD BLESS
If you wanna check out my channel and the series I have going on the here it is thank you guys so much
Untung nya yang masih ada atok nenek tu love them kiss them before they gone. Forever.
Thanks for the follow.
Omg , I just tired from shopping , 6 hour
Tonight I wanna eat dragon fruit
Oh hey
A very busy sunday
After maghatid kay new dealer ng cellphone at retailer kits para sa new retailer nya , claim
Uh oh papa - your little princess sure means business with that look!
Me too
Fish curry n rice
Pizza! preferably leftover Dominos
sama ka next time hehe,
You get a bye so u are already 6-2
Shede kaya?
You too, if you play like you did in the second half be up there at the end of the season
VERY looking forward to seeing tonight
Buenos
On way to with Chloe Buzzing
gggggggg akooooo, kahit everyday
It's my favourite too!I was born on the 23rd of November
Can't wait to be with them.
indecisive asf ..sometimes I just wanna be told what to do
The world (kind of ) gives you 2nd chance so you better not ruin it !!!!
2 nights in a row I stay out all night. 2 mornings in a row that I open at work the next day
sana daaa yaptircam
Stunning
Quality people...
No probs cous, anytime, anywhere
Normal church service 7:30-10
Yoruba church
Sunday school 7:00:10:55
Main service 11:00 - 01:25
Yoruba
So looking forward to seeing you and Darius tonight in Birmingham.. you have an amazing voice
but the thing is, u never comforted me anyway
this made me smile in the speed of god
Thanks for letting us know checking the system now and looks like the price has been
thank you Kia !!
Good Luck, stay positive and you'll smash it
Hi I wish you a beautiful Day
May Allah ease everything
Beautiful place
I'm full now. Bacon cobs and cappuccino were lovely indeed. Time to shower and chill for the day
Okay people, I've deleted my tweet. Coz it's another grp named JJ Project. Idk. Google got it mixed with our JJP
Retweet this
Like this
Follow all that Like & Retweet
Follow back
Its funny but not funny
Be with someone who is proud to have you
What song?
hi asha happy birthday babes a hope you have a fantastic day and got lots of u
Dreams
Last day at the NEC - see you there??
Is your little prince and princess enjoying your new show?
You're welcome! Glad you enjoyed it!
Namaste Dhananand how's going your shoot life ? Please reply me ...
DoubleTree by Hilton Jakarta-Diponegoro
Yeah
*whips off pants and vest*
Ahhhhh I can feel the air
Ha vo to h .....sunday
It's run by Germany, for Germany.
We voted old chum.
This is Clash Bash
The Future of Voice input perhaps
I pre ordered the collection edition oh and this one. I hate it though when developers make games a
welcome. I know not always easy to swallow that but sure also having a tougher time. Sannu
who wouldn't? face to face with mochie cheeks and beautiful smile
Dimanche grognon .... look at the sun
U just put smile on my face (mampus ahh BI x btul pown)
you okay?
Are these still available? If so, where are they?
another beautiful start go my day thanks
0x $ZRX is currently: $0.892644
QUICK! Sign up before Binance closes registration!
Thanks Chloe, I wait
This is wonderful, great place
On va essayer ! Merci beaucoup
Hmm, this is my Scotland
Good morning Ben
Ehem.. Mejo nauuso ang short hair. Makikiuso lang
Top Fav -#Sreesanth
2nd Priority -#RomilChoudhary
Liking/sometime
Learn to make damper it will help you survive
Did you have Ayran with your kebab, Louise?
Brilliant day spent yesterday with these two. Becca and Martin, it was an absolute pleasure Enterkine House
Good morning from Portugal#morning
Like I need to feel God around and I just wait
Awww thanks dear
You too!!!
Black labs,yellow labs or chocolate labs?
Yes, tickets go on sale tomorrow
What a night thank you very much
Hi Thankyou so much!
Home grown groundnut in pot in dehradun ....#Dehradun never known for groundnuts ...
It might take a year. It might take a day. But meant to be, Will always find way.
I can recommend it The Lake District is a glorious place and the setting for my WIP.
i almost used this emoji ABORT
practice what you preach
that is my word for on this early sunday morning
New movies
OMG GRATS FOR SURVIVING!!! I'll pray for u
Great to have you Sharon! forget to attach to your tweets so we can all see it!
Welcome home Paps
After 5 freaking months home
Sometimes when i'm almost to surrender and I stop cause I remember I have you to save my day.
Morning lovely
Get well as soon as possible, Steven!
F1, NFL, NBA, biathlon, road cycling, boxing, UFC, Olympic games....
have another check and see if I can find any that appeal to me. Thanks for the suggestion Megan
Thanks for letting us know I've just checked the system and looks like the price has been changed to
Lol, if thats ur story
Watermelon
Thank you very much for sharing my book news
You reap what sow
Just ordered.... Thank you expecting more deals!!!!!
Hi, I want to thank you for your SMB script. It's really great, you did a great job thanks a lot
Namiss ko manuod ng tv
practice what you preach
that is my word for on this early sunday morning
Hi, he's home now, he's been back 3 weeks after a 4 week adventure. Thank u for ur help tho
I opted for going for the cat litter and putting off the oatmeal to another day
Morning enjoy
Interviewer: What Is Your Biggest Dream?
Me: Depends On The Last Movie I Watched.
Good morning
Good Morning everyone hope your having a relaxing weekend
Wonder
The impossible
Perks of being a Wallflower
These are good movies
Thank you
Morning twitter fucks have a great Sunday in the sun
Well done
Thanks Pat
The moment you tell zaddy u want sugar but he said no sugar till December
Fotos del gathering de ayer en Vancouver Con y
working is a
They're just not familiar with you? This could be a possibility?
Tag a
are you doing a Christmas design for a jumper again ?
Already for Day 2 of Come and see us at Stand P1 for all your insurance needs
Absolutely right
Imagine if they added merchandise like BT21 hoping
Cute!
Happy seeing how your friends' love you
off to somewhere
Morning lovely
Wishing you a very happy birthday my dear sister thangachi gods bless you stay blessed stay
Our own kind of meryenda Insert bunso Joycesan Francisco wala ka ii sayang
Lord, isang Janus please
Yes! May pic ka pala sa Wish bus.
just listening to music scrolling through twitter nice! what are you watching? been meaning to watch something new
Cake? How wonderful! Thank you.
Welcome to your early twenties, it gets better
Did you watch the video?
A Smiling Face Is Half The Meal
Good morning. Hope you have an enjoyable and peaceful day
Morning lovely
Red dress po
Bonus
Sandro Giordano
Just said my morning prayers
Finally after 123456 years nagkausap rin tayo sa personal. Hahaha cutie talaga sa personal.
HAHAHA it's a happier Sam now
Morning all, how are you?
Time for tea!
Hand drawn personalised to show your how much
When I said 'leave me alone.'
I didn't mean forget about my existence and ignore me forever
syg
Thank you so much
Mood
huyyy cheer up okay? Im fineeeee
Have you ever tasted?
Got lucky
to my favorite spooky podcast.
Hope to win this time
{Np} kimono outer fit to XL only 55k aja. Order yuuk
Chris tonight! Lol looking healthy and happy!
Thank you
They sure will!
Chillin at home Tara?
Good morning
Oh i see.. thanks!
Good morning and happy Sunday to everyone except Ken Kratz
Lol I did so all that matter
How not just a straight 5 stars, never know. Pleased with the increase though
Dir auuuch!!! ihn & lass es dir gut gehen!
Kuushhhh!! Yes please. my church bestie.
It made our Sunday thank you
Your welcome ! Hahah you're beautiful
Spent a fair few hours yesterday drawing monthly levels on binance charts. Think I got to
Sunday Selfieeeee
This is between me and him
I love this so much!!! And Mike got a cameraman job too!! Congrats to maddielynnfp / IG reneelynn820 /
Have some selfies from tonight
Your welcome~
Hope you like it and thank you for your freebies too~
ippudu poll pedithe first roju avg anna mb fans antha, ivvala blockbuster content antaremo
It will, just wait maybe not this year but someday
very welcome
Thank you
What im doing right now
U know my office so I'll be waiting...
Guten Morgen :) Spaziergang hat sich gelohnt
The more I see this set the more I like it. Especially when it's accompanied by that beautiful smile.
Ohh 6 months how did you get to stan him? And yes you've already understood what it's like in that
Avail 2 slot lg BO nya, yuk cinta yg trcepat dia dpt
VCS juga ready
wa: 082285354863
Yes Minister , specially with the Brexit set as the undertone
STTEAMING PARTY FIGHTING CARATDEUL . WE CAN DO THIS .
trust Messi yet, he could still be available
those two r my faves haha welcome
Thanks! Yes, it seems to have a friendly atmosphere
Morning everyone, I slept till late and it was lovely hope you all have a good day xxxxxxxxxx
Thank you so much
These are fantastic! What a fabulous welcome to the team. Well done all
been here nearly 17yrs now. I love it.
16:16
My pleasure, Sue
Foto montaj
Mom, I love him
Are you planning to check Similarity Index of her thesis via Turnitin?
We do recycle ^EA
Only 6 points off top with a game in hand am not concerned
pazarlar
Girl stop absolutely gorgeous! here to talk if you need
Now that's what Sunday is all about
I've just had 12 hours sleep last night and it honestly felt so good
Rica ederim
They are full of beans for a few years till they mature.
Tweetings from Crete... a little bit of self-help and mental decluttering in the sun
Dani the Gardener!
5dt bali .. thank you
Sometimes you gotta let them breathe
originally from the EASTERN CAPE I moved to JHB to study - Great!
I started my career in JHB - It was
Can't help but smile dogs are fab
forget to follow my Instagram! follow back
Help me reach my October goal of 1K
Wishing you a very Happy Birthday to One on Only
And to you
Thank you.
Something new ?
Poem 64
"The past"
If they are interested! I'll give you the copy after your exams!
Awesome, Elora! More details soon.
And one for me
I think being 50 is pretty good
8:15 pm here in Australia Boxers want to be part of
Good
My mum said the wechat winwin stickers were cute, so i downloaded them for her, on her wechat too
It's because they love your wonderful laugh and they want to join in
Muchas gracias
Yep indeed... agree bro But being healthy is benefit when u have money
Don't be thousand..
Dani the Gardener!
Happy Birthday
4th loveyou baby
Thank You for the RT Much appreciated!
I already followed you and had notifications on really Sweet youre doing this
The years go by so little stefan happy birthday have a lovely fun day
I am good boi yes?
And sometimes people become exactly who they promised to be .... world is how you see it
Good morning!
Thank you and she would want people to feel inspired!
I didn't hate them! Have never actively disliked an Andrew Wong dish.
Start your day with a smile
All's well here...thanks Kieran. Not a great day but we'll make the best of it!
About to watch them baby mamas
I agree! Hope you get all the support you need
Do you normally take 400 coins packe when doing BPM
You're taking responsibility and learning; you want to do better, and that's a really good path to be on.
Thank you! It was pretty great
Hey Chhupa-Rustam D just knew from my IB dept ,informer Alisha, that toevening u gonna have
Happy birthday
Thank you for coming to
Morning Hilde sun's in and out here.. Off to sister in laws today.. Hubs doing all her DIY.. Enjoy your day
Let me know what you think
Yeah I have a new friend In Vancouver
thank you
The Ladz on tour
Take good care of mum, she's got a great nursing crew
Welcome back Gov ! The Honorable Minister
You seem really cool and your profile picture doodling made me smile
a walk without a 21c Museum Hotels
Happy Birthday
May u have manu more
Stay blessed always
thank you ate
wait to read Suzy please tag us in want to miss your Tweets
If you can see dreams with open eyes outside of bed, you can make real life too like that with efforts.
OO KASABAY NGA KITA IH
Great shoot,masternim~
Good job
If any ladies need help or advice with the editing or filming process, always feel free to message me and if I can be useful I will be
Lonzo ball is overrated af
Bengaluru friends, see you on the 27th/28th of the
Por debemos escuchar a . Nos lo cuenta
Follow me and everyone who Retweets
What a view. The Himalayas plus the supporting courses.
1: Retweet this
2: Like this
3: Follow all who like and rt this
4: Follow back all that follow you
5: Gain
What are you doing my love ?
Good morning, dear.
have to watch that one again
"Okay lang"
Fantastic thank you
Come see your facilities and your eager staff this
Wait what tell me happening pleaseee
I love the cheerleader in you Ladies!
It's actually a really good anime. Enjoy
Haopy 1st month of love I love you so much ayieeee umabot din naman ng 1 month eh Daredaretso na to I
this is how i stream double tasking i didn't skip a day without watching the MV
Wedding party Jizzakh Region
Aww thanks
Cute that expression s
have said it any better!!!
He is does like his leather!
"Angel" because she looks like an angel and you know she's gonna be an angel for years to come!
I hold you in high regard and if I was going to insult you be more upfront about it anyway.
Thank God I found the good in goodbye
Happy Birthday Wilbs
I like that song
Awww :( *Hugs* don't let them bother chu. They aren't your true friends. True friends always stay.
Great! Thank you for this lovely tweet!
Snipe just flew over my Bexhill seafront garden calling.
You too my friend
Sy support
With coke and gala
Super ! On est ravie
Top spot pa rin.
True. But what I actually get is photo of the plate, and this photo is also accessible for others...
Sounds delightful
going to have my Sunday spaventure. Wish me luck! see you around.
I go school
Now to home
a very kind thing to say, thank you.
Still positive for what is coming next for me
Roj xwes.
Thanks Ali
By ALL MEANS YES
Danke
Brene Brown sums it up beautifully, as always
-> ->
Some people on this app just jump on things with their own agendas..you enjoy your Sunday
Come back fast
Uber costs too much Use $50 credit for users << Enter the following code MIGUELT10
Do what you love, love what you do!
Hello
Yes, yes we do! It would save us listening to Freddie's nasal whine. Heaven.
At least be a happy death
uy ikaw yung kaibigan na unexpected. And yet im thankful to have.
Happy birthday lovely
Anyway a nice idea to put it together this way.
And the credit goes to...??? Do you want to claim that indirectly???
good morning. Had a fantastic time speaking with Many thanks for the tweet!
Thank you!
Thank you and thank you for retweeting my pinned tweet
I know I am not good enough, but atleast I am still there as your friend. Remember this
Maybe he has a photographic memory. He's a genius.
Thanks Christina
Good morning!
Day 21: lovely commute into work. Great seeing some familiar faces down by Throop mill. Have a great day
Lovely My my Mum!!
Haha syempre bonding nyo yan, exclusive for OBCCI YP
This was the smoothest overnight shift ever worked
"This newly mined piety shimmers like cheap gold. But if you look closely even you will see the cracks"
The benevolence of Sleep.
Musmutlu pazarlar herkeseee
Maybe people need their own time kot think positive
One by one
You are welcome (not in toilet as I type)
I'm joining for the king
Made my day
Mama: I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady . . .
Z: wow.
Nice one Thomas!
thank you ..and yours too
Morning that's beautiful
A few offerings from this week
No just chilling today i think
...quand tu tombes sur la fille de Jacky Chan ...
Looks like a business worth visiting ...
Yes indeed nawe futsi.
RT Good morning
You look like you could get punished
That's gonna pad the old C.V. out quite nicely.
Have a great day today Jodie safe journey there and back bring us back 3 points
Good Morning
Had my bike Tour already yesterday
One of my super chocolate B-day cakes. I love to do magical cakes that taste heavenly In this case, chocolate
Spelling? Check. Grammar? Check. Okay, pwede na iPost.
This smile is only for you, my husband
Thank you b
Follow
I'm not too sure, I haven't heard anything yet
good to know that u're fine Ohh thankss
Lunch with parents Tung Fong
Yes lovely day!
My Sunday
(@ Kuwait College Of Science & Technology (KCST) in Kuwait)
Thank you
Me too.
cr. janewit_jane
thank you
Yes!!! This is adorable and perfect
About last night! joined in with the pillu gang get together
right there with you Sue .. when you think this way it frees you
Merci bon dimanche
i like it how my schoolmates are cooperating para sa bday ng friend ko.
Feel your best everyday!
What will VITL's all-new Vitamin & Cholesterol Test kit reveal about what's
happy birthday hope you have a wonderful and relaxing day
More reaction while a vid was being shown. Hi & DB
This is a well deserved break from life in general! Thanks papa Sorry med school, gotta be absent for three days!
I miss iKON perform Just Another Boy on stage
CAUTION: Surfaces slippery when wet
i finally realizing how utterly stupid my classmates are. i used to envy them in their pretty name co'z they are perfect! i swear!
great way to start the day
A abs are something like magic
Currently in a thunderstorm, where the thunder is shaking the house. so much fun.
Then I will would like to buy him a fruit juice
Thanks Scott
Good friends are like stars. You don't always see them but always there.
Thank you
Happy birthday sweety .... I LOVE YOU
gutted I make it to tonight, should be an amazing gig, have a great eve all
Oh, I get it & you're spot on.
photos are not mine
Liste bebe.
Nasa email po yun together with the payment confirmation.
Really loving Help The Witch Tom. Just starting the 4th story...
We will see! Work a lot and have much free time.
follow her ! she will follow u back! follow back na kry batana ,lash teknay laga du ga me !
Life becomes better when you become better. Have a blessed Sunday good people
Just cleaned my whole house, now smoking a bowl I have to start packing tomorrow, and I still have moving
Nah, I look young as well.
Ok lovely. Have a good day not going into some political debate about it. Just making my opinion
Wrong ...Sonia is Italian
LKA is Indian ..part of Akhand Bharat ..which includes Afghanistan too.
Ahhh Pele, hope u have taken something? Sorry ehn
How does one stop being obstinate really?
This my agidi is getting to much
Mas gusto ko magsupport e
Sound like a great night. If you have a just giving page post it on here and I'm sure people will donate
To God be the glory!
I'll ask them to if you follow back
Varya
Hello ate qt qt nyo po hehehe Uyyyy thankyou
hi Just to say that I watched your show last night you were fantastic you looked absolutely incredible X
Roses are red
Violets are blue
I'm ugly as hell
And so are
You!
Good Morning! I hope you have an amazing day.
If kabalo mu-analyze, walay conflict
Want me to show out and show u idgaf? Ok say no more!
Hindi ako maimot sa chance once I feel na mag eexert ng effort bat hindi? We're only human commit mistakes.
Current $ARK price: $0.78
Binance is TEMPORARILY accepting new users! GO!
Hehehe thank you
The making of one of my wave paintings from yesterday's post Full video on IGTV - click the
Oh good Shelley. Not for Toowoomba tho Thank you, still got so much to see
jessica's concert is today
Great! We're glad my colleguaes could help. We look forward to sharing the skies with you. Have a wonderful Sunday. Mandy
how fast the night changes que ahora ya no me gustan los
Haechan Postcard is still available. Kindly dm me if u have Jaehyun Postcard and wanna trade with mine
Saw 's awesome Diwali ad (short version). Creative. Wholesome.
the Christmas drinks menu this year?
Hindi. Ako. Gasul.
Seminar
Laboratory Prefect
Thank you my friend yes your country has beautiful people and your country is so clean and
Feeling a teensy bit rough?
Argyll has some wonderful dining experiences. will testify to that sure.
Jeff would need a neck brace after that
Hello! We would like to check that out for you? Could you please DM us your order number?
To enjoy childhood and get ready for numerous heartbreaks as well as bullshit people
Buon compleanno!
Even if I'm not a winner, it's ok dear I'm sure they can wait
It's A Wonderful Life. Every Christmas eve
Of course i will! as always, thank you for the translation
Merci beaucoup
To you too
Love seeing you Happy paps...
Binance gives free money with airdrops!
Click here:
$BTC $ETH $XRP $XLM $NEO
satisfied
Hanu version of Rohit fans never disappoints
Thanks a million Valerie! Good luck to you today also few dog shows would fix anything haha!
do not be afraid to get lost it's a part of every journey.
Seriously, I really really appreciate the shout out
It's is this book
*Your display Name*
jwu, coffee po tayo
We'll check you out!
CuddyHaze all around, don't know if I'm comin' up or down (28 Photos)
Good morning
that good then xx
Juyeon's second day as Asics part-time worker He started work so cutely with trying to create a heart on the
I'll let you know
Buenos
Got that Lady Gaga Telephone nostalgia on the second frame
Thank you for the information
ARMY is the Best and the Strongest Fandom
someone will fix that broken heart
Danas totalno hipi Novi Sad, Serbia
The way he stopped the session is so
tutorialmakeupkece (make_repost)
Credit to
Follow tutorialmakeupkece dan tag temenmu yg
Ramen Day for us
Too late to run away buddy. Now you are in it.
just to beat , im sure you can all do better than that
I would like to see a) combined with e) please.
actually LOTO, please know and research the whole meaning of the anthem
I want you to stay... stay forever.
We will wait
the look they gave
I'm watching, Remember: War of the Son and Who Are You: School 2015 . But, thanks i'll watch that movie
After church
No matter what the weather, you always manage to make it brighter Owain I miss you lots, hope
new mixtape from RM?
In 2003 stond op de Chinese muur, nu staat de Chinese muur bij ons in huis
Ah ok I was voting on starple but I didn't one it was for AAA
Thank you
KCCA 's new executive director i see
Buenos
Wow what a good night
/wts/ sharing dvd world tour, harga sesuai digambar. bisa shopee ya
Hi, please can you tell me prices for these? Many thanks
only ordered it I should have it next week. I will let you know
[Askmf] Share lagu di playlist kalin yang bisa bikin auto nangis dong?
Me: Backstreet Boys - Shape of My Heart
add my "Drunk Texts & Confessions" EP
Good morning everyone on this beautifully sunny Sunday & welcome to new followers
A
Oh, well you will find out eventually
Joined!
More to go fork
Follow kro
Newbie ni hai old account suspend ho gya
Interactive
Latha trang air thoiseach orm
Inverness Glasgow
game v Hibs
back
home to Uist tomorrow morning
Massage Rooms Black girl orgasms after erotic session
Mmmm kale crisps
Thank you so much!
A cute meerkat from
This is available on my shop to purchase too!
I spy on this morning!! Good morning to you
Will update another pics later.
Additional rest day tomorrow due to change of sched for the upcoming week.
That's right!
BI birthday BI photocard shop present limited qty
It was on Instagram yday they do live videos on twitter that aware of.
Retweeting with our new hashtag
Mandaluyong :((
thankful so much for having to experience something very good even for just a short while
Thanks Debra Today I
You'll always find your way back home
Happy Birthday ! Have a great day xx
Thank you
Wasn't a quiver up north to your People's march maybe just keep London in the EU?
Yup. I have the same issue. Stuff like pizza & cake. x
Thank you Nancy.
Do you still need help
lol hahaha.. hey.. that's 1...2 more to go
do you know who vminibot is on ao3? what's their twitter? I gochu
Take a look at MONO IS COMING
Alta noche
Se duerme
RT
ikonics pls be careful make sure it stays within the fandom only
So beautiful! I am adding it to my list of places to see.
You can. In your dream babe.
Ang saya ni when he received it! I told him what your Twitter handle is.
Taeseob looks like SB19's Justin De dios here!!
Crdts.@HOLLAND_vvv
cr.igstory
Definisi no filter tp tetep cantik
Have a Marvelous Time
Have a lovely time both of you
Got the win atleast
Chennaiyin FC will win by 2-1.. just a prediction
Nope
That Simple Triage And Rapid Transport.
Missing those days.
MCI PA MORE!
What a stunning colors for the good mood
thank you for likes
Im just gonna keep firing food places in the group chat until someone agrees to give me attention and take me for food
try ko itong quick fx if effective
w/mention
Happy Sunday
lol hahaha.. hey.. that's 2...1 more to go
KILL THEM WITH KINDNESS LOVE yes po
How are you? let's be friends
The place hasn't changed a bit.
Mxm she's at church tjoh.... Khavha difare she'll get back to you
Got something right. Footprints in the sand of time
And for me too! Thanks for the opportunities
jgh
land of anarchists
WE LOVE SREESANTH
U in a similar situation right now?
But alive and healthy, eating meat again and back in the gym!... and starting my new job in just over 2 weeks, I wait
But I bet you had a wonderful evening yesterday
Send your account, my love
I got tweets saved in my drafts
Buying a plot in Lusaka is equivalent to building a house in mpika. 2019 umuntu alekula
Thank you so much! It's lovely to hear that people like my characters and what they get up to!
Goodnight
I wish I also have that talent
LAHAT GAGAWINQ PARA SA J3 KONG MAHAL
Please retweet so that the benifit can reach to maximum
They cute!
endearing birds they, I see why your favourite
OK,
Sunday joke
ask the question you really want to ask because sure not it.
You're welcome
This motivate me to improve my english skills. thank you for your bad words.
Thank you Lee
Morning, Nicola. Find out later if your guess is the right one.
exo, red velvet and nct
I'm never loggin out of twitter I guess
Hooman. Dindin in bed and a // teddy.redtoypoodle
Hi already replied na po. Thank you
Wowchers great, bought a few from them legit
Bite their face off........Yes
Good morning guys
What's your favourite 3D Grand Theft Auto game?
Twitter only allows you 4 choices
Me asf, wit the sweetest, gentle & most innocent voice ever
So when someone keep the promise they made
No, it's fine - I'll just say it's an event for DB employees only
Good morning, happy Sunday
Oya come and sleep on my chest
Bonjour bon dimanche tous et toutes
nakaupo din sa likod
gonna pee im like shaky and super excited herr nd on my selling page im all 'sure thing! ' internal AHHHHHH external
nakaupo din sa likod
Very nice Enjoy it
Thank You! :-) You too!
Great plan
Available di depok yuk follow
Smashed home with ease! 124 - 115
Cred:skippa da flippa makhathin
Embrace your breast
Never mind what they saying
Like and retweet
Haha. I shouldn't laugh. But Idont feel so bad now for being hairy.
Ohhhh I see.. Thanks shaannn
I know you want to gain !
Retweet!
Like!
Follow me!
Turn on my notifications!
Follow all that follow
awesome. You have to go
Well we all have to stay positive & wish him a speedy recovery
meeting you was not something I would regret, no matter how I saw it
- i know you miss me :) i pray u still have a nice afternoon.
Fatto anchio.. user is patpat2
Grazie!
I was there to see you share your heartfelt story as a to your Lola
Ndingu master, but you'll be only paying me for boyfriending. Cooking will be just a bonus nyana.
Good morning Holy Spirit
Awesome clicks of by an anonymous fan
Looking flyyyy
Looking great
Good Morning Hun. Hope ur well
I could put those in good use
Jesenski
I rather not announce my birthday publicly. I'm not interested in bday wishes that are sent just
Morning hows you
Bon dimanche et la semaine prochaine
Have a good Sunday and see you all next week
I hope you find it
Try searching for "When your life suddenly becomes a condom commercial" in aff. Its so fluffy you'll literally die
Good morning
Thanks will look now
The spreadsheet boys have found a rick then. 3 in a minute betting the same side
My Astrology
That sounds awesome!
Kana how much is the entrance fee at the Sisulu botanical garden?! a tit bit nippy but I feel like picnicking with my Ohana
Ohhhh
Good to hear! about time you relaxed for a moment
It's a poster for the top half and then the rest is painted.
good morning
You should have hit me..
anyone who's free to cover Taki taki rumba like this? tara.
Hurray Pike River and What a long awaited & wonderful story.
Now I can go to bed
Free from 12/12:30 happy to come along and help out
Off to TriNoma!
Ethan flying to last week . Happy with his model plane
Hello Guys How are you all Happy Navaratri to all
definitely not for everyone!
Uber costs too much Use LYFT, $20 credit for users << LYFT promocode MIGUELT10 Minneapolis-StPaul now LYFT
Lol I've not got it ....I will have to go for another round of interview process I think thank you though.
190% 160% 150% 130% 110% 90% you are always there when I am feeling down and you always make me smile
I have the same outfit!
Your son, my son! His name is RJ
3u today!!!
that time of the year again
followback league players
I'm not encouraging any one, it's only my feelings...
Most girls that shout marry marry have elder brothers older than you that are not married
You should have told him "challenge accepted"
Bang with Me at
bdsm porn frottage videos jane darling micah moore oily sex
Woow
Here's my contribution! Hoping for a 'rad'!
Good morning Kayt, have a great day
Thank you
Great face
Matt, Debra Messing, Charlie Carver and Ryan Murphy GLSEN Respect Awards (Friday 19th October 2018)
~ Diana x
Thank you
look at this
Yep
Take your own little to for a session of
Bin schon unterwegs!
He looks very distinguished.
Heartlake city guest services are amazing. Especially Jo
You got yourself a follower cause you just spoke some sense in that thread.
im excited
Tintin O'Fool they call him over here.
Good morning Doug, have a lovely day
Omg your puppy is SOO cute! its name?
Aww, thanks Karen
We are going for a very natural look. Inspired by Reggio Emilia! Watch this space!
Amazing How Everyday Nothing Changes. But When you Look Back, Changed.
Can't wait
I got him on the DMs guide somewhere too but he was a little smaller back then.
Syempre birthday mo
Oh no. But are those stories on your blog? If they're I will be reading them
Powerful enough to kill you. Sweet enough to nurture your rebirth.
I'm not perfect everything
Thanks for this update.. I just deposited and got the bonus. Thanks again
With Dory as always
Thanks kak. InsyaAllah I will do better than before
followback dong
Time for a new set of problems
That bath felt so good
Because empowerment begins with health
Best of luck , be at the baggage area cheering everyone on
In his wounds we were healed..
Blessed Sunday
Thank you Debbie I'm trying to send positive vibes through the universe
Good morning Lauren, hope you have a great day
Why don't you list a a good product(brand) that related to all skincare above(if you don't mind)
Very Kind, Thank You
Excellent piece
Thanks!! This is such a great thing that you are doing!!
Morning looking beautiful x
Sean Dyche or David Wagner ?
Worth all the risks
There is a story behind every Solo traveller
Share yours in the comments section
Featured Photographer
Binance has the highest trading volume on any exchanges
Click here:
$NANO
Grabe dami nanamn people
Tama ung nalagay
I did and I got to see her and speak to her briefly
Wow! I love this! Can i use it as my wall paper on my phone?
2 hot girls tangle and fuck merry xmas
creating work on tweeter love it
Yup french ! I was at the concert yesterday !
Viens on se dm ce sera plus pratique
Thanks I taught a S with highly challenging behaviour a few years ago, can you tell? Ha
Awwww! So looking forward to that. It hooked me with the beginning credits of E1. The bgm, the
Hello Paul, thank you for following Have a nice day!
Thankyou
my cute pumpkin
Never apologise for telling the truth.
appreciate my cooking skills pls
I am not the best of "chuy" but I am your onyotchuyko
They decided to cook, oh great then
sevgilerimle
Coucou toi
Bon Dimanche.
done is Lady Macbeth
Na sethalae na feel panna maten
Brilliant, Thank you
Insomnia
The best! I could live on them
My first attempt at a pumpkin carving via /r/FORTnITE
Welcome to the party! Hope enjoying Procreate. If you need any tips only a message away
I feel so special and loved..
Okey
Can we play this tomorrow
Correction: a cookie in between each of your fingers
Lol. Literally giggled like a fool when I saw it and immediately thought of you
Bonjour Luna et Freddy,
We are so happy to see you back ! What a wonderful little video. Luna is
Sore onty ankel
Baby J bangun tidur aja susah bener napa dah ehehehe
Binance gives free money with airdrops!
Click here:
$BTC $ETH $XRP $XLM $NEO
thanks for follow and welcome to Twitter
so excited to fall asleep to this rain
Bts - The Most Beautiful Moment in life (all parts) Jeon Jungkook
Hairs. It is all about hairs.
100 years from now, mainstream science may begin to approach this ultimate truth
9's
Bat to thik h
A pitcher of mojito with a cigar
Open to all TKFDA students The Kirsty Farrow Dance Academy
Muchas gracias
Open agency free uname yang chaeyeon nya avail dong
she made me realize that no matter how wasted i am, im still valuable to God. mahalaga ka.
sore warga tl
You're welcome, Teresa.
Brother from another mother. Labyu Planta Centro
Binance has the highest trading volume on any exchanges
Click here:
$NANO
Never lose hope of getting what you are praying for.
Remember To Wait, Because God Has Perfect
A major issue for many but paradoxically a necessary feeling to have if you are very good..
good morning
Update: I didn't say yes to the devil. just came to pick me at home, just because I'm a sweet boy
Frullino
Michele buongiorno
No we're selling this
Thanks Barb Misino
Please RT!
100per_hyukjin
i know my dick is hard now
Handsome devil you
Life fair, learn to get over it
Thank you Harry, I think your's will be on it's way on Monday, remember seeing your envelope yesterday
always feeling good catching up with you
HOT Stud fucks that pussy hard and fast - love it
Aap ka fav character konsa hai ?#askSRJ
which is close to your heart
Sick and tired of this Hate and even more pissed that he has to see it every day, let's show Aaron love in the comments
That's pretty
I read Prince Proseco when I see your handle! Champagne on my mind.
Your wish is my command
This niqqa is doing a portrait of you
from soft, stretchy and cosy Brighton
Random Dates
289
Enjoy the Sunday
10 flavours available today at Haigh Country Park Wigan by
10am - 4pm.
Beau Dimanche cher SEM
Prend soin de toi
Bisous VN
Resensi Things about Him nongol di SOLOPOS.
PTI
Me too, for a short moment in time.
It's not easy at all choose between greatness I get you
My throat turned everything I drink into alcohol itself by then
I'll be on my way to London NYE
CSOKKER! VISSZA
Good photo. Still keeps smiling
Uhm uh.. its my birthday
You never look shit
Wer n u ate nikki
Thank you both
Me: staying all indoors all day today
Plans:
Finally tried the first choker on that I bought a while ago. What do you guys think? I think quite nice
got the day to myself...so a little chilling out is in order
u say it and i'll go for it
Thank You To Everyone Who Is Supporting Me Hope You Will Continue To Supporting Me
A pleasure as always x
Hey hey hey
WTB LFS LF/looking for
and tickets! Dm me if you have.
One year ago today I met It was an amazing, unforgettable day!! She is one of my biggest
Happy Birthday You look gorgeous I think its true
Bhaiya I have met u once back in 2k14.... Aap ab kab milage fir if I wanna meet u again pls
Sometimes you know why but you also know better to leave it unknown
They all fuck you up
Last nights was the best but ended up having delete it
Ill pm my psn
Love them
Thank you
Grey
oh that's quite a good idea haha. and thank you so much for sharing this to me
Raining here this morning Doug
All the good ones were.
Happy bday. God bless you
I am craving for puto bumbong.
Bon dimanche tous
Mmmmm Elizabeth Xxx ... Your Eating A Cherry On Your Profile Picture... Lol ...
Have a great day
Thank you
I will post the ticket line on here
I'm sure it won't be! have a lovely Sunday
Awwww tiny!!
Aye like what they put in pussy like why it make you feel so good
Will the webinar be available after the 23rd?
Good luck
Collected the daily quest rewards just 4 minutes past midnight.
Thank you so much Have a great Sunday to you too my kind dear friend Shabila enjoy
Bon
Que
/wts/ postcard set 11 member 350k. Bisa DM ya
Tots about Augustine Challenging and fun as always.
Thanks Jane! glad you like it
Strongest Bodybuilder And Fitness Model
Oooo let me know if good, enjoy
It's not easy at all choose among greatness i get you
Told you mate
Iyowwnnn si ate?
Not watching me all the time though. but I could be wrong
Agreed.
It's a whole 25p here! I hope you ramp up your own recycling programme though AND cut down on waste that can't be recycled
Yeah! I think I need to adjust some graphics settings though because I realised backgrounds in game
Update; they on
what? HAHAHAHAH
wait to die and rest happily ever after
Thank you
I do that all the time, and when they pick up I say I was just checking on you
Long paragraph.
Il y a pas de quoi sa fait plaisir
Lovely collection of shots Anji.
Le dialogue gaucho
Sounds like a cracking lineup, and should be a great night
In person will be better than Twitter
Definitely
Ole familia!!!
is it okay to ask if you're straight? hahahahahahahahaha I guess it's time to tell people that am not hehe
Ready for Bristol Comicon! Super excited
Wahoo tonight, can't wait
Catch a train to somewhere else for the weekend !
My friend has just come up with the perfect description for Adonis.
You'll get me in the DMs
How are you all doing?
Only now with the Lincoln playee and pirate? Our generel ? Because have made some okay profit with the 750 packs
I'll be buying real estate & rent out to no-coiners. Also good, no?
A hat-trick from Moussa Dembele sealed an emphatic 5-1 derby win for Celtic against 10-man Rangers 10 September 2016
6lack One way ft. T-pain
I love love it
Anduke personal veru education veru ani cheppa
And my instinct is always right we got our mom baaaackkkkkk
Yesterday my ex came over & could not stop talking about how much weight I've lost.. he said I'm getting skinny.
Aw, shucks
Hopefully it will pick up
Cause bitches still fuck around
Thanks but I'm all sorted now! It's just a case of practising before Wednesday! I shall take a look though
Morning to you 2
Aaw, look at that photo! my favourite men in Canberra
Let's hope so!
Gaah thank you!!! I hope your writing is going well because I am so excited to read your WIP one day
Thanks
oyyyyy iloveyou
Hey, off for a roast at my cousins today Mmm xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Ise washed guys. We're feeling so fresh
Would you Subscribe to mine too
Oh, I meant 'fb' = fanbase... no FaceBook
my bad~
The new one!
Thank you so much buddy appreciate it
Ha ha, definitely going to be on there Al
12 years
Sharon is on now .
Beeeeem piranhinha!
Thank you Bro
Welcome to Church!
This scene was something else the way they link arms at the end
DONE
my favorite pic by far. I just like everything about you
thank u!!! galingan natin bukas hehehe
The more you care each other, you'll understanding each other without words spoken..
spyder Final collections
Super Booty Alexis Takes Powerful Ramming
It was an exhibition on Xu work in UCCA at 798 Art District, I really recommend going if you can
Don't worry about us, we're doing well
Thank you
Me rn:
Cherie, think the answer is 1 + 20 = 21 x 5 = 105
Superman and Wonder Woman are characters from DC!
Yah no i feel better mme, my energies slowly but surely coming up
Love your brand I now need the entire range to try
love to go to Syria. Hopefully get there next year.
attending my 85th birthday celebration
The final for and our Betty. Smashed 5k target last night my girl
Nothing like a loud Subaru exhaust to wake all my neighbours on a Sunday morning
Wanna see how my world looks like?
Here are some samples.
2-3. Anything else is a travesty.
Nice tile choice
se trouve pas
Good luck
In the next life...i wanna come back as a Figaro....Love it !!
We waiting for that official song
Congratulations for winning one UB B ticket for
I still have one UB B ticket and
Can be a harsh game at times
I feel he's more of a set and forget option and this season should be
You are welcome, it was a pleasure to wish Boca good luck Oooo, they tied 0-0 in a boring
Bom Dia Domingo
Binance has the highest trading volume on any exchanges
Click here:
$NANO
DONE
he looks so happy
Thank you fam
Plugging is illegal, I should report you .
Alright sige just let me know reserved ko na Lang din muna sayo! Thank you and see
Jgh
You may have more than enough for a few book volumes, the year isn't over yet.
also curious too
That belleh.... Help! I dide!
Hope my likes and comment helps
Thank u once again
Tots about Jerome A. Best in recitation ko to
he's very cute in there plus, the uchiwa is quite big Good luck!!
Not sure ever watched it Denise. give it a try
Coffee anyone?
share ko sa gc natin
Super Sunday Chill Out Day
Another group of juicers have now finished so massive congrats to you all We are taking orders till 11:30pm
Playing with my big tits
This looks really cool! Btw, Superman and Wonder Woman are characters from DC, not Marvel!
Surevine is looking for a DevOps Engineer at Surevine (allows remote)
There is nothing impossible if you try nga diba
What year ang latest na DSM 5?
Lol you know I can't let that happen
I do appreciate how lucky I am Amanda but give up hope, get there one day
is a care Startup. We wish be our mentor.
Yes! Oh, if only everybody were like that
I am enjoying my day, thank you Enjoy your day too Take care too, dear best friend Love you BIG HUG
I love your brand I now need to try these hot!
Am learning new stuff today thank you Doug - have added it to my notes
Brought my transes to BGC so I could take this photo and post it, so people think studying
Behind every mask there is a face, & behind that a story.
~Marty Rubin
gubuk kecilku
Un abbraccio forte forte
Bom dia!
Here is the accurate report of the match Anthony.
Currently it's raining outside now at . For those who driving back home now, have a safe drive and be careful on the road ya.
Hello Showtime
That's so true...Steve would be so proud of his Chilenischen
miss ko na areng beauty and brain na vice president ng pasteur dati eh. Ingatan ang heart. lablab.
Sponsor us to support the school thank you to everyone involved. Lets hope the weather holds
Glad to hear that you're good & super XD I'm also well today & well...i just had some things to do before, that's all
ooh! My only crush Happy Baffday sending u the gift u deserve ..load of love
I'm not even voting ever again. I will just write on ballot papers praise Jesus son of God
& last dance (@davidfordisdead)
Well done!
This looks interesting
I love your spam
New car keys
My Most Favourite Pics Of Nisha Di With Laxmi Aunty
Mommy Daughter Duo
i've never met another filo babyj except for u mahalin natin si jamie habangbuhay
Anyone fancy a game of \
any hoshi card will do ig: jeunnotjune
This wonderful thing though County
Chivettes are a different breed of sexy (Video)
Meant to be dull but dry later
Happy Sunday! Can't get enough of this song Well done your music is awesome!!
If
Honestly
Personal Instagram handle? Will follow you promptly Same as my twitter handle
10 is my minimum
money is my maximum.
Anyways let's see what are God's plans for you. Remember heis my best friend
Definite progress there was still growling though lol
iKON x iKONICS still winning this week:
- Freedom
- Star Road
- Amigo TV
- Video Star
- Ask in a box
-
I agree there got get ready soon tho inlaws in a bit lol
From quite a long time
up, new to this so feel free to follow
Thank you so much
Yieee mamshie congrats! I'm enjoying your au btw
The kind of girlfriends we want
Dann hast was unglaublich gutes verpasst
It's pretty good actually, cause I could immediately identify which pic it is
still others* call him jim moriarty
*me. it's me. I'm sorry. bondlock is life ok????
Try to keep eye contact as she dribbles (Video)
All About Yoga Pants
Merci
Thank you sa ls..
Thanks Yvonne
So many pretty girls esp the naturalists
Alhamdhulillah a very very happy day haggah nasurudhehvaifi
Buenos
31 km
Have a nice Sunday
You nothing but a lying bitch!
I'm a chef, I make the best chicken noodle soup I'm sure he'll love!
New car keys
Ops? !
Thank you Ms.Sheng
Good on ya , from a tory party member
if this day couldnt get any worse losing my patience
Well done Team Sky boys!! Fantastic Congratulations Gianni, great victory
Haha - fairly sure I did, but have slept it off now
celebrated my 15th birthday with them thank you
If you could repeat this on Monday that would be greatly appreciated
Congratulations!!
Need a smile to start the day? I just watch this.
Hi, thank you for taking the time to provide us with your suggestion, we can inform the relevant departments of this.
Unplanned tweet-up with tonight at the High Light Carnival. Lovely to meet you in person, E.
Happy to connect
Morning Colin lovely pic's
SIGMA SPIRULINA protein capsules for your Good health and Happy Life available
My boyfriend also want hairless ones so I get it!
24!!!
so sad I missed 3/4 of my life.. Nevertheless, di panaman huli ang lahat.
Omg so good!!! Enjoy
Thank you
Bon dimanche !!!!
waiting for results
For my mutuals, you can ask for my personal account
Just woke up
Thank you
Motivation motivation motivation
ye pindi, chakwal wali side aesey manhoos piece hi pesh karti he.
got to be creative licence
I have some left for a gin & tonic later
Morning an order for one of these deep purple hearts this morning
Thanks! Something to look forward to, then.
, u nas mglisto i wilgotno
Happy Sunday and friends with and visiting the
Which one is otunba coffee again
Lovely!
I used to work for SGB , happy days
Bonds with other character is interesting, but include as little or as much as you like!
I liked a video POZYTYWNE GRANIE Z DZIEWCZYNAMI
Thank you hun
not a bad place to live small though, we have the beautiful scenery you have
We can only make a change if others actually listened
The joys of being a non cynic
Happy Sunday everyone
Your welcome and nice to meet you too
What was that, he almost asked how to greet sk fans too as he did to other countries previously?
Sugar to spice? Won't sugar make all that bitter?
Muchas gracias
Indeed:
Love + Trust + Honesty = Long Lasting Relationship
^_^
7 blessings to you ma'am
It Malia
Trop bien merci
They look fab
miss u tooo take care!
Excitement is at it's peak for Koffee With Karan starting tonight
thank you
Korea, Japan, Thailand, Singapore, Canada, Australia, America and UK. In that exact order
appear, disappear, suddenly means something else
Bonjour
Hahaahha well well well
My pleasure
In one and two, three second has passed. When with you, never be sad
Mornin twitter
hmu of u want someone to talk to ha!
How do you go on a night out and not drunk dial your ex? Asking for my fucking self
Morning Simo ! Hope you have a splendid day !
Merci
Good morning on this wonderful Sunday morning
Rare photo of me na candid talaga
Thank you
Everytime behan RTs or Likes my tweets, I feel honoured.
I just wanted to thank you guys for an amazing night! Sobrang nag enjoy ako. Nice to meet you all. Till next.
I know this from experience.
I know you.
A Sunday well spent brings a week of content ... what will we get upto today
How clever
Babe if you want me to do something about it let me know......I'm willing to do it coz I love you
Good morning
thank you for an amazing weekend truly gorgeous
Brilliant
Still waiting
Hello
But me to super card ka soch Raha tha ghareeb Banda hu maheena Nikal jaye ga. Aur duwaye sath free me.
He's the nicest ghost I ever had in my game, he drinks tea, plays chess and does the dishes.
HappyWeekEnd .. Time to relax
Ok gaw
Twitpic the look at least sibone ubunjani izolo
He had done 2 seasons so it was time to pass it over to someone else xx
Happy weekend lovely hope enjoying your day. Thanks so much
So i decide to come sleep on the couch and now i have 2 cats cuddling w me
Ice Cream
Milk Tea
Had a blinder yesterday huh
Pure indulgence creamy vanilla ice cream, crunchy toffees pieces covered thin layer of chocolate loaded with
Orait suree thanks
Behind my smile, I'm hurting. Behind my laugh, I'm falling apart. Look closely at me and you will see. The person I am, Isn't me.
[f]irst spanking - -
happy birthday ma enjoy your day to the fullest
Hey, really pretty plus urhobo
Least it's Sunday, a day of rest
Thank you
I really want some Oreos
Brat moj
Thank you Bacungan-Uzawa Family for inviting me in your family outing and a Happy Birthday to Tito Joey!
:
Thank you
Money can't buy Happiness
Buona domenica Jack
Grave
HappyWeekEnd .. Time to relax
Cool lol but crack a smile
Still hear any of these songs without thinking about this
Welcome home, !
I love how you and your Mrs enjoy your horses so much Dave.
Waited SO LONG for the return of , soundtrack to my life. Tonight, Birmingham, cannot wait . Welcome back to UK
Thanks
Chinese and catch up with my girls! Better way to spend a Sunday night? Absoloutley not
Me? Not much, just going shopping for some food.~
Then watching some movies, probably,,
I couldn't agree more my friend I like to think they would be best friends still despite being in different houses
Please solve this issue ASAP as I want my Amazon prime account urgent
Always welcome
Thank you so much! Appreciate this coming from you
Please reupload your PPG 2016 episode
No problemm ya ash!!
I might need to go and have my hair cut for the second time in two
Thank you thank you so much HeRRo
Amin. Thanks dear
Thank you
It's a Sunday morning, it's allowed
I think an official one but they did sing this song in one of their bangtan bomb
I'm sure.
That show has it's own kind of participants
Ooh chocolate!!
of course. but I think we should do better.
Cant wait for 2019 edition
Belgium And the black youngblood hoodie
No matter what happen we are still here to support you elliot and your family.. wish you guys more success..
How lovely of you to say, thank you so much xx
Yes of course
Imma send it to you !
Bang with local girls at
celebrity sex scenes japanese luscious lopez
C'est vrai
3 happy pups after morning Greenfield, Bedfordshire
Up the top
Hyoyeon & Seohyun big heart at concert
Complete package! Buy one friend. Get one dushman free
done bee
Happy birthday both of you for yesterday
Let's try
So happy my sofa bed has arrived. Those who know my situation well will understand why
A 6 year old iPod that's still functional
I like the name.
Yeah. Someone did a very nice job!
You're always welcome
Adrianne is doing her second Sleepout in a few weeks!
Here, she has some top tips for you
You can join
I recommend you to watch and listen to Ayoub the Sufi in these four YouTube threads
Thank you
Don't forget your wingman this weekend (52 Photos)
Follow a brother
She have a story after it, she went straight off, but she did say a little something before the screen came down!
I love the new informative ad for HIV! Super got my attention! Saw you there too
Here on twitter "profile picture" is called "icon" sweetie. You're welcome
okayyyy take your timeeee
You ok lovely
Happy to connect
My favorite BT21 character is Van
"If you feel like you're going to crash then accelerate more, you idiot." - Suga, Nevermind
Jangan lupa follow !
Kermit the frog
Follow krain logo
Newbie hain
Interactive
Follow back thappa lga lo
k ka soch rhe
Aww. Pahinga ka po after Ate Max
*Pagod pero maganda
Happy Sunday friends! forget to like our page for more updates about amazing properties!
Thank you so much!!
Goodmorning Good afternoon
Ice coffee sound so good right now
Hi alex I think you should retweet this
tomorrow!
Fantastic!! Thank you
Morning Francesca, thanks, same to you
Getting all bluesy with this lovely talented bunch on Friday in Godalming free entry, music from 9.30pm. Hope
Congrats!!! Student circles what are you waiting for? Join now
Hey Jana many thanks wishing you a wonderful & restful day too ...hope you have a good
have helped you out, at your table..
would you be able to follow back
not anymore
Susuyorum o
Sunday chill
NP
Happy Birthday Janet wishing you a lovely day
I hope everything is going very well and I wait to know and see the new princess!
Heehee, I just finally hit a chance to pull out my phone, and was about to tweet you the same thing.
Well, hope for both then.
When you say frustrating are you talking about the
Good luck everyone whoever wins I applaud you
Learning to let go of people who make me a better person is the best thing I have learned and never been happier
Secrets of a Sun King or the House with Chicken Legs are good!
Fast breathing causes a build up of co2 in the blood so when you return to normal breathing the co2 is briefly still dominant
That one was me. *smug*
I'm based in Malaysia And thank you for the wishes Fel!
Wooooo one thing off the list haha, back to SS and exams TyL for providence, regardless of the result!
My hope starts with you
A lot of men are not careful if you observe well know the new girl they are messing with.
good morning pretty mom
This is also my allotment life - except I need to find me a manure delivery man
I'm not sure but I'll let you know if there is another walk in audition
OOB HGUC EZ8.
To see more of my pics and everything in between check my fb page
Subscribe to my
Thanks man ! I Will try with the 400 packs a little. Just Think there Will come more expensive players in the 750 pack
"You will never know unless you try"
Thanks Ma'am Dullas
Thank you
She's here, they're both here Thank you
It's good to be home with you
My new home
Les 100 follows sont atteints ! Merci
Haha. Glory to God. Thank you
Yesterday's pic, Partners in Crime
he super! A natural
Morning Lovelies
Now available to purchase from my shop. Winter Solstice candle.
Lovely blend of
And there are no foxes either. Shhhhhhh
What audiences are saying. G'wan
HAPPIEST BIRTHDAY 2 U rap wish u all, have a good 1 hehe just enjoy ur day rap miss u Love u
Another night of good company
Be with me, I can make you happy i can be happy without u naman
follback me
I'm always here for you
Will u? hehe
Thank you
Good morning
stick to football kid. Leave fifa alone
I want to hug all those who fought in this battle. I'm in tears
Na, was wird das wohl?
Awww cute friend
Thanks for the tag
Mike Woodward 3:30 pacer through halfway in 1:45
Photography
Copyright All Rights Reserved
I've always thought of you as a designer! But maybe I'm a few years behind now
how are u??
Happy Sabbath day.
Thank You so much Lord for everything.
Rich is a bultero
Good morning Nicola .. not bad so far .. walked the dogs & now having a quick coffee .. how are you
Well... Thats relatable
ok to vent. Exceptional circumstances
You guys are so cute shushing about the rings Maybe
if somebody can bring me a wood love you forever , thanks
I always wanted to be alone. I'm not anti-social or lonely. It's just a preference.
Well deserved So happy for you, hope for a 3rd week of number one too! X
Please just go to law school then get back to us okay
Drunk me is a Happy me
Life is better when I am Smiling
Thank you so much for joining!
Thank you
Thank you
After U at Siam Paragon
Good Luck Fam! Fighting!
Thank you very much!!
sarap iblock oh...
Thank you
How kind you are dear brother Sami!
Thanks so much for bringing happiness to my sister
Wow that sure is commitment to the show! Go you!
Jokko lang hehe
sweet
I'm not bad thank you
OMG, my husband and his best friend used to sing that when tipsy! I loved it
Dac
there are things they will need to do before they deserve that kind of treatment
They arrived
Never any doubt. You go girl Congratulations!
I'm happy that you enjoyed urself yesterday I heard Fraser was on fire with his saxophone
Trop choux !
Elle a un an.
BTW Salford is a city in it's own right, just saying.
miss it for the world mate
You're welcome. Haha, the things we do for CNCO. - They have many of us hooked.
Glad to hear it - we love wishlists! And thanks for the kinds words, it really means a lot to us.
Happy Weekend Friends laugh out loude and stay happy
Ok now I can sleep comfortably goodnight
i want to try this again i will leave this and go back to work
Congratssss atty
Happy Birthday
Hello,
Window of happiness
Dude I'm content. Anyway, life has been so good to me ever since
Wow
What a thread !!!
Love it
Lovely to meet you
This world needs more people like him.. keep it up my good man
I miss riding over the dunes, happy days
You both look so happy, love it!
Did you pre-register your interest in the iPhone XR by following the link from our previous reply?
Phewwww! My heart skipped a pump.
BTW, Thanks for the info.
Niiiiiice! Can you tell the bosses that the world would like a new Burnout please? k THx By
Proudly owned by
I wish i didn't need to wear make-up!! You are beautiful and so are your children!!
Thanks
ate rue chubby bunny challenge gawin niyo please
Here there are again the first one was in grade R and the second one was in Grade O
Late night madness
And triple strand DNA, too. DNA is a pretty cool molecule, yep.
we'd all be lucky to have you
I don't think we've
Tolong jawab. Takk. Halus sgt texture dia. Medium texture yg oatmeal. Yg kasar apricot.
That's great! I think no matter you go as long as you take it easy and enjoy your quality time!
Yes. Took the last flight home yestarday evening.
Your store is my 'go to' place for postcards
Thank you
Best Perfect beautiful woman is Beshine Sunday Best perfect
thank you for following
in which episode you felt more close to Claire then ever?
Alzarse was so much fun, all thanks to the company I had!
Veli Cevher
Too much information
sooo happy
baliw, i'm happy and contented with what I have right now. madami naman kayong nanjan para saken eh
Hi we can change that! Dm?
Nothing as of now
We want to focus only on Mi TV for now.
Love this
My little girl is finally old enough to get excited about Halloween so this would be perfect
Don't matter if it's 2am they just want you satisfied
You're welcome!! continue supporting BTOB..
Thanks for the retweets it's a beautiful day
Good evening! (at TriNoma in Quezon City, Metro Manila)
welcome to my profile
Bapa dan
yessss, it is from moulin rouge
Great Chat as always. Nice fashion show also. Take care of your arm.
Coffee works wonders lol feeling better after a rough couple of days xx
Awesome! Thank you
Thank you
Seems many shared your logic
In case you missed it - New header and logo for !! Pleasure getting stuff for you done sir
I wouldn't be having this much fun lol dejk sorry na haha
For all you sisters with locks SHARING IS CARING
Night fuckin made
Awww.
I'm fine
Thank you
Mr. Hedgie looks so happy.
Aw, thank you so much, Anna!
My pleasure
You're welcome
If this happens I wanna see video footage
Headache inducing music ooo
Wow ..
What a thread
Love it ..
"Kya swad hain zindagi mein..."
Her smile is one of a kind!
Thank you!
Exactly
Go and have a look at his stuff on line and his book Is Going To brilliant
Puthiya geethai eero law pesi supreme court la kooda oru fieldu amaicchiruvaaru..
Happy Sunday Cara! Locked in now
good morning dear wish you and all very happy day
Followback
I wanna put my head between them
No not all men
Yasssssss bro. Yours? Midterms?
Congratulations
Ahhh thnx
Strauss wrote the Trish trash polka. Perhaps you could adopt it as a theme tune
Happy Birthday
Get cool will really get you cool. Such a cute song
She's a Muslim
Thank you
22 years service... Class 9/96
We r proud of u daughter of Pakistan
Thanks, Marcus! have done it without your support & laughs & ridiculously long jokes! just as proud of you!
No problems sir!
Hope you're having a great weekend!
A fair & open justice system is key to maintaining a society's peace & harmony.
Today, we see peace & harmony
U can understand hangul ? I am gonna learn hangul this holiday
TOP posted a video earlier on his IG but deleted it.
So I won't put it here.
That's actually a message, he's
Today i've decided to be a lil shit
youre welcome
It really is that good
I'm just heading out at the moment but Eddy can come on
So pleased for her Definitely been added to my "to-be-read" list!!
So you can supply evidence to say Phelps has lost......? It's okay we will wait as you run away and hide
No rush - I can tell that you are busy
Thank you
Ma appunto
thank you
Thank you!
Hi
Hey she can afford any new tools
No he wasn't. But he shaved his head.
You can see there is hair but very short.
Thank you, and you.
Exactly
Just shed your skin when you see it
Thank you
Thank you
as expected yerm
No, just a small part of one in the distance
Can't decide between our Premium or Platinum? No worries, our Pretinun Cleanse means you do 2 days on both We
Sorry to hear that
Michelle thank you lovely and hope you have a super Sunday too. Just off out for a
have a great day
Hace sol.
Me Friday and I wait
Ahh so lovely to see a happy dog
How I love being ignored....
I'll be in class during the airing. Also my TataS*y is not subscribed to Star world
Towels are the kind of fashion statement the world needs to get behind (36 Photos)
181021 TWICE arriving at Gimpo Airport
Dahyun was so adorable when she came out
Enjoy
Today is definitely an outy kinda day
I got a story in a Halloween issue of a magazine
The door is unlocked
thanx to you sir..you change my life.thanq so much...I love you soo much
That's very correct!
You like justice being served ? done & you may stop conspiring on Supreme judges
yeah already watched that part too i mean the full show hehe
Lovely pic & Looking very handsome as usual. Brings back memories of my honeymoon in Paris xxx
But also can I get your number ? It's been SOO long.
Ako meron
madam has arrived at the
"A heart that always understands also gets tired."
hi Devon happy birthday babe a hope u have a fantastic day and got lots of
goodeven breaking
Haha. Thank you.
Buy Karlyle Tomms products! YOU COULD BECOME SEXIER, SMARTER AND RICHER! Access at
Good luck.
Such a wonderful place
I try and make it when idea coming to my mind
Thank u for liking them
For the first time ever and this just made my day. Hi there
Mara gym time
I heard he lost the task. Even Sree is also Strong & Huge.
GRACIAS
Lol... bro one day win a Grammy
Surelyyyy!!
Yes that type of song everytime you hear you control your arms and legs
I like the
Glad you like it.
The game's been very fun but I hope there are a lot more customization parts
He is such a cutie.
are what make life so memorable .
a beautiful morning !!!! Woke up today and realised how lucky I am - feeling happy
Thank you
Something new, Something different.
You remind me of myself baba Inspired by you
it will be available soon
Dhoni's new look
Anyone got any tips for painting decent space marines eyes?
Nine years in the making. Congratulations to the newlyweds and
Autumn vibes. ..Have a good day everyone.
.
.
.
Tampan, imut, & manis
I U Yang Se Jong...........
There's no need to edit go ahead
Wait until he meets Asensio
Bataunga lekin abhi nahi - well wisher samjho Aki Tera tweets Teri baatein impress me buss isliye
I remember but i don't talk there
Yes!
That would be amazing if you mind
Shayri jis zuban ki ho ussi main achi lagti hai, i know that and it's OK
Looking for inspiration for your new Bathroom...check out one of our suppliers brochures
Change the WiFi password.
Aw thank you Sarah xx
Oo hahaha! Swerte mo, girl!
Hi friends! Just wanted to share these with you guys. Let me know what you think.
+ Lets all learn to respect each and everyone's effort! I myself, can sometimes forget to put but I learned my
good evening pipol
Waiting 1 hour for the mass. Finally makasimba nako
My heart for Love is being replaced with Money.
It feels a bit like old twitter, if you know what I mean, just enjoying stuff without being harassed
Yes, I had that thought as I was typing !
Thank you Still waiting for you to come visit us!
Mono printing with Mr Lee was super popular!
New stocks
iphone 5c 16GB & 32GB
iphone 6 128GB
iphone 6splus 16,64 & 128GB
iphone 6s 64GB
iphone 7
To touch your nose by tongue
BF ~ Anna (Mandy Dee) 4
What can i say, i love a good charity work
Fotooooooo
it's
alhamdulillah
Aye. "Rule , BritNatia rules the waves".
bon dimanche Georges merci beaucoup
The Blue Mountains, not too far from Sydney
Definitely worth a look Rob! The more venues the better
its best to never get attached at all. it took me countless heartaches to figure this out. im done fr
You can do it.
Believe in yourself.
Work hard ! Keep fighting !
and don't forget to smile
Thank you
But its fine, everything will be fine. Maybe not in a month, but I know one day it will be thank you
Sounds great!
Ahhhhh
Good evening
not looking for graduation any more
Exciting!
Maaf lambat. Off white ada yg ni. Shawl Pleated (RM25) & Shawl Satin Eyelash (RM25) Boleh
beautiful it?! definitely a favourite place where I know home
Thank goodness for that. Our generation has learned and grown so much since the ones that came before.
Thanks Here she is, second on the bill
Good morning Luciano Enjoy and have a wonderfull day
Why not Commission a pet portrait - a truly unique gift
Prices from - Message me for details
Thank you
I shall, thank you very much
You are literally the sweetest!
You to
Cover ( ) I hope you enjoy this clip! Let me know what you think!
You can't beat this kind of view ... Only happens in Lancashire .. must be the aroma of your cooking
Mine
Thank you
Heads or Tails
EXILE
Started kabaddi group with full fledge
Interested join today only and try week to see result at low cost
Thank you sa inyong sa pagsama sa
ADN is without and
Aww shohei manners
Thanks Lovely Sunday to you too my kind friend full of joy and happiness enjoy
Its good thing that you understand
241 - always seems to happen to me at the worst of times too but i love my boy, so fine if him
Marathon day for Lance! Everyone send him some words of encouragement to keep him motivated
Thank you you to
Three times.. same dream.. okay imran, just ignore it..
Better than before though
All good here thanks and nice to hear all is well
*giggles* I sowi. My name is Mack What's your name?
Oh.....and congratulations on your 50th
Thank you yessss!!!
Hey dear
Thank you
We need more of this.
My humble efforts
Looks like a perfect goal to us... why not spend it with Simpsons... we are open 10-6 every Sunday
Please retweet!! thank youu
I'M OFF TODAY BECAUSE OF MY BEST FRIENDS WEDDING
Thanks
Thanks for the kind words!
Finally
Merci
proud to see you like this may god keep blessing u and you achieve new heights
SORRY HA DI KASI MAGANDA BOSES KOOOOOO BUT AT LEAST I TRIED
Buwan // JUAN KARLOS
hiya, unable to redeem my Amazon gift card, is there any way you can help? Thanks
**its best to never get attached at all. it took me countless heartaches to figure this out. im done fr
Lovely compliment, I'm so chuffed
You feel appreciated when helping out the elder tho. Very nice
Happy dance
Thank you Sir.
Thank you
Gora. Mga 7pm.
Happy birthday
Sometimes people will stay in your heart but not in your life
Please I'm too young for marriage.
hope you can follow back
don't forget to take care of myself and my heart, give a warm hug every night, Sejeongssi.
Just scrolling through to see the comments
Shane I didn't see you in the other 800,000 people it was a great day.. very uplifting
like doves in the wind.....
More ukay journey to come pa.
Bin Netflix
Bin : 48950483685xxxxx
ip : philippines
OTM
Work
Enjoy
Ccgen :
Thank you
I feel so blessed rn
Ang cute! Thank you po benchtm.
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL that happn
THANK YOU
Yes Dra!! And we need to meet up soon po!
Good morning Mary , thank you have a great day too
Thanks for the follow!
Io: buongiorno
Twitter:
I forgot how Rum & Coke still knocks jirre
I am sure someone helped him with his medicine.
Thank you.
love means
Thank you sweetheart I hope you're having a good one too. Love and hugs back xxxx
Sure I will give her my address, thanks
She's the best I feel better now
Let's toast for a better life.
Manila Marriott Hotel
$YOYOW is currently worth: $0.032352
We verified that Binance is accepting new users!
Here are your dancing up a storm!
The only thing keeping me going is making it for you
Good morning Sandy
We don't need to talk down on them..
Running half hour early! Please make sure you come an hour before your section starts xx
0.3
Feeling blessed with this as my morning view.
Fool me once, shame on YOU!
Thank you
Classic out of sight, out of mind. Do what makes you happy, no hate hereee
Thank you
Kabitin na di kita sobrang nakilala before. See u around nalang sa school kuya We still have the rest of the
thank you ijot
Tara 10 bottoms up sa thursday? HAHAHAHAHA.
Oh yeah Footloose! I forgot about that! Well if I make a second part, I'll make sure I add it and thank you so much!
Haha I hope not Thank you
39 girls who are definitely not vampires (39 Photos)
Date weekend has been an ultimate success so far
You're gorgeous and you too
Thank You sa support
We are so happy to know the winner received the prizes from our first GA! We'll post the pictures later
Congrats girl what a freaking blessing
Jewelry making step 1
We did. from St Helens no less and they are divine
Happy birthday mate
Liburan..
Have a day / night to you too
see you soon, love
Cracking shots Steph!
Can I come and stay at you place please? We can listen to cool music with your girls and have fun
This is how it should be done if you're modelling a camera.
-
You can now take modelling classes from Kim Hanbin
^EA
Morning Dani hope you have a great day
Oh my... Deeks
He's smile (:
Can't wait for today's episode!!
Lots and lots of
See u tonight guys
hello i have a problem the shield of omega im porchase sea son 4 pleas i need shield , im torki from Saudi Arabia
Starting my fourth book.
See tom
Thank you
Thanks Layla Have a great weekend
Find someone! You know soooooooooooooooooooooooooo many. Here, have a hug to help you start your journey
Oh really?
Watching Chelsea live a great emotion for you enjoy
Ah, look it up then (another band I heard through the walls a lot as a kid).
new year countdown in thailand!
will gladly wardrobe orginize the same for you
Untill now still love with the same person ...alhamdulillah
waaahhhhh hehehe thank you gerielou!!! hopefully hopefully
Well done
Whats up next?
Such a good scout, for all situations too.
At least theyre working on
Yey! Waiting..
Yes, the Season 1 Box Set is streaming now
Thank you Michelle
I will keep all these in mind. Thank you
Follow back
Today is my birthday? Can I please please get a birthday wish from you Sir? Please!!
It would make my day
.
This means I started to identify as ace a little over a year ago I remember last ace awareness week I still
Excited to go home
Thanks lovely yes he did as always xxx
Hes just got to stroke his cat and say puddy wuddy wuddy your sooo beautiful and it will settle
On The Stage Training 250 People About Herbalife
lmao boredom should not be an excuse lemme rephrase that.. art thou
Thank you
Thank you so much Such a well deserved award for you - long may continue!
HappyWeekEnd .. Time to relax
Tema:
using the Shoppix app to snap receipts, collect tokens and then exchange for rewards
Join me on Shoppix
slept the whole afternoon.
thank you gian!
Hoping this cutiee motivates people to study.
Yeah. I'll be there about then, maybe 1.30
Send pics
Hehe hope you're having a good day!
Thanks
Noted
Just realised the Christmas coffees I started buying a few weeks ago are both organic
LOL... Sorry - just looked at your profile - thought I was talking to Chris Cook!
New upgraded cell
To change from old
Prays near to you
Thank you so much
Amen
You don't hard weekend just light ! Lazy Sunday
Lamat Mandin
May kwenta if it's the start... Then tuloy tuloy na.
According to this I'm super intelligent
Sunday morning dog walks
Flight was delayed by almost two hours, one hour of which was stuck inside the aircraft. But hey, I am safe!
tbh not close and i dont have much to say about you pero always be happy lang
Yesterday was the best
Damm true.. Motivates to switch the JS off, at least 50% of all popups disappears
run me my money , so i can buy one
happy birthday jenal! may Allah bless you, be strong brother
Hala! Que bien
Boring Time
Old Meme
Coming from you
So good it? Love Bastille
This cool windy weather in the AM feels so good
Ah, one of my favourite places.....
Bang with local hotties at
amateur wife beeg free streaming porn bizzare
Looks a fun night.
Mi Mery. Buen domingo
Thank you... I'm glad you enjoyed it
Micheal's home
sat at my daughters swimming lesson crying reading this. Some lovely kind people on the world
This tweet, "RT Pandita0314: Time Check 3:17 am.
hasn't been tweeted more than 444 times.
Iyaa sih hehee. Btw good eve faro oppa
Y'all be paying for my food and accommodation plus I'll further my studies and teach other
Nice
hey Linda what sort of plan are you on? Go Roam is available to all customers on essential and advanced plans >FC
dagana diay himuonon
Buy/Sell Bitcoin changes with up to 100x Leverage at Bitmex!
Get 10% Fee Discount:
Click
Nooooo unhealthy hahaha last ko na 'to
This month HAHAHAHAHA
Absolutely right
Hello! Do you wanna help each other?
There are still a lot of goos moments in our life
Racing beer cycle thingies from last night ... further proof Belfast is buzzing all 3 i saw powered by girls
At least you got it over and done with. The futures bright
Interesting! I will look into it more thanks.
Come to the event
Thank you Luke
This is going to be a fab entertainment tomorrow!
Happy Sunday!
If you would like to or for Savera UK you can now do so through our
Vivid colors in stead of the Sun work perfectly! Have a great day!
Happy birthday Johnny, hope the Lord will guide you on His path..and become and inspiration to many...
Revision clocks are a godsend too.
Binance has the highest trading volume on any exchanges
Click here:
$NANO
Hope you're doing fine percy! Oh shooooooot! YOU STILL ALLLAAAAAAAAAAAYV!
(( Sorry for being rude. Papa says only bad boys got punished, so... ))
Never flying Ryan Air again
Top shop I googled it because I wanted to know myself
Maka adiro amasi. Dem fit borrow your brain now and u won't have anyone to be dropping gems for us again.
This is 'projection' in its best..
So exited
Good Morning Cathy
I Hope You Have A Relaxed Sunday
happy bday rory have a good 1 x
HAHAHAHAHA gonggong thankk youu lyy!! godbless you pud and take care alwayss
Listen in and reflecting on the wonderful 100wattclub last night. From sunny Oxford.
500!? You bros make a grown man all Red in the face. for sticking w me.
She is quite pretty, isn't she?! Thank you for the kind words, Tyler! /Nes
Maybe later in the year I'll post my work videos as a presenter at Pulse Nigeria
Wasn't for you that John
not, we just like to respond to texts at our own pace
Longest two days ahead of but Tuesday morning I get to sleep in
Most definitely! ^EA
Our hearts belong to TOT so as long as they dont mess with that we are good
Traveling is something I want to do and by god going to do it.
Work done!
My plans will be 100% when the data is pulled tomorrow.
I can reset knowing that my cases are
Pazar keyfi
Heading off out to watch take on Montpellier in the European Champions Cup... Enjoy your day
Mga representative ng FunnyMoms at Dames
See Ning? labs ka namin
fena
ANG SAYA LANG NA MAKITA KAYO ULET TOGETHER AND HAPPY
Love, understanding & positivity
Happy birthday
God bless u always..
Stay happy like ths always
a comfies and Gucci day today...
Can I ask about co-design with patients, how was this done? Why was this image chosen? Thank you
You looked lovely too
Um this is interesting love you
Thank you Andre !!!
I had to look twice before I could believe it was my tweet
Stay blessed
Truly thankful for today
I am in love with Bobby's style
Also, June's smile tho
Feels good. At least I'm trying to keep focus!! Sleep soon, though.
Depends up on the situations
Yes naman! Maka higher accounting lage ta in Jesus name!
My crush and I are attractive just like magnets but we have the same poles why we attract each other
How absolutely fab well done you great news for you and your charity
in London this
Thank you so much!
Last month. Temple last week.
But I'm atheist only
Miss
I can't wait to go with Andrew to the Drovers Inn tonight
Eat moreee Momo. you look great here!!
thanks po
nice
Congrats
Time for the family picknicks by the seaside lovely I
Those were the days. Loved my Ton Sur Ton and Mash tops too.
Happy birthday blessings dear
Cuties enjoy Take care lots of love
Hey Curvy Ladies! At last, I already have my own domain name ( ) and website (under construction)!
Maldivians right now.
Because of all the fun you had
Good work Bunny garu
Keep it up
Yes the Big Burn walk Standing at the bottom of the waterfall nephew and I said we felt like we
To follow is good.
To like and comment is good.
But to order and refer is the best.
How lovely
Never Regret Anything That Made You Smile
A rising star with creative mind
Featuring
Bom dia
allah yakhth el accounting
Well get my friend to 1k followers, he totally deserves it
I'm going to work harder, thank you sunbaenim
Appreciated. Thankyou!
Get involved Lorraine! Its a fab prize Happy Birthday in advance too
A breath of fresh air Thank you!
yes, he friendzoned me but cool with it, happy to be nothing more then just best friends with him
Hithah hama jehumeh libijje
great ride John super smooth already buzzing for next year wait
this is over reaching but ok
Well, isn't this gorgeous? A little Unbirthday present for Gareth seeing as I got spoilt rotten last week I'm
It's a fluke I assure you. I'm just allowing myself to wallow in the moment.
Hi! If you want to listen to good Korean Indie songs, I highly recommend Hyukoh band's songs! They're really good!!
Anyway it's Sunday. So let me not disgrace anybody today
I am sure.
YES NOONA
Like your Aunty Vanessa! I can recommend it in every way bar one. We'll, maybe two.
It was lovely, thank you
Hi and welcome to all my new followers. Hope you have a good day.
I miss you too
Awww Congrats!
Proposal at Indiecade, Paris? Wedding at Develop, er, Brightonyeahnevermind !
I love you!! Thank you so much
there may be a special message from him
It looks as if your collective prayers, candles and wishes are working!
My father is battling hard it seems and
Kissing someone and feeling their smile against your lips is so cute.
1005
You could serve as the face. or something.
No wonder! also my favorite solo track among all solo tracks
Awesome! Cant wait to see them
Lovely
Aww that's an awesome story
Can i be ur friend too?
pogi pogiiiii namaaaaan.
Hi! I have 2 extra tickets for BTS LY Tour in Taiwan, Day 2 (Dec 9, 2018) Section B, Zone 7800. Kindly DM me if ur interested
when the picture of him is not in full view, the stars actually look like the real sky
perhaps
love a treat
Congrats bro
500+ Followers
Follow
Thank you!
If you made some edits/FanArts about Tom and you want me to post them you send me everything by dm
Alhamdulillah
You are welcome
I know he's your fave. I know.
Open
Nice
[WTS] FLUFFYBOY's (@/fluffyboy_jh) Fan
Price: $3
2 available
Interested please dm! Thank you
Don't know about his nose, but his tongue was unmissable He's just an amazing little dog.
We totally get it Kookie we feel the same
Michael's Instagram Account is a treat to follow and above all he has made me fall in love with my own city
Something to win for my mother this time
by sun setting behind while playing with sand
ADN Scholar din ako pero wala ako jan. Next yr
Many people had the same idea.
awww flattered and i want to tell you the same
To stream fingers in all possible sites or apps love you z
Amazing
What do you think about it
original photos weren't mine i just edited these photos
Hi guys. taken now. Reunited with the love of my life. Thanks.
12 beldum in 1st hour how many are following the shiny check session ?
No, Im fine.
It means you like sex a lot but maybe u have not seen the right person to loosen up to nd make it to live
I agree Sharon, beautiful birds!
visit
Well I'm always here I got memes
Go ahead, scaredy, I'm waiting
[WTS] FLUFFYBOY's (@/fluffyboy_jh) Fan
Price: $3
2 available
Interested please dm! Thank you
Yes, indeed! Thanks, Rob, for your recommendations. Together we're stronger.
Call me moon pie, I am a lady
Thanks to for making sure my face was in the crowd.
Opooo.
Hihihi and another MD army din.
Late post sunday special brunch self cooked What was your's today ? Comment below & let me know
Loved it - thank you today I will mostly be washing beer out of my jeans!! x
Yeah you're right~~~ ughh I miss all your translations over the choiceland
What a great nite tho
Aget some, how make u send am to you, papers for make ready. You barb
Edelweis in frame: shopee pnawangwulann yaa ka
thank u x
A visit to Sydney's most famous beach...the Bondi Beach.
But you do have the key.
Looks Awesome :D Great Job.
Good ?...I had no idea either Thanks Warrior and Gluteus
Chicken's in the oven...
Offff course! All is welcome eat all the cheese either but it was lush.
Pleasure
Super excited.. looking forward to sir directing so happy to be a part of
Bon dimanche tous
Nah, call me moonpie, I am a lady
Thanks fern!!
those quiet moments when everything slows down that we notice the beauty in our surroundings
I want to raise my children to be well spoken and articulate. Posh and proper but how do I go about that when common as fuck
Our events and network are available to all so hopefully will be of use to you
welcome Danny .. have a super Sunday
Good afternoon tweetdr world
Be vegetarian...
Be healthy
Merci Laury
Who wouldn't enjoy waking up to this beautiful sight? This is Nalakubara (Kubi). Cleveland, Georgia
The search is over
Merci beaucoup
WH Smith.
i experienced something magical tonight
elaborate? would love demo as well
She looks beautiful
" Learn to compete with yourself, not on competing with others to avoid disappointment." -Mama
Very well said! Love you ma.
Need to stop fw people that make me step out of character
Good morning guys! Guess what i'm printing this morning! Woke up and first thing i had to do was change colors
HURRY! Binance is currently accepting new users
$BTC $ETH $BCH $MIOTA $LTC $XRP $DASH $BTG
I love this.. much better solution
Bad girls bend at the waist (40 Photos)
I had fun at the fair with my kids yesterday though!
mirip gak sih?
I agree
say hi to the short haired one
Finally catching up on this is what Sunday's are for!!!
This mornings view
It was nice I was nervous at first though.
thank you so much!! For all i really apreciate what you do for stray kids and for international stays
thank you so much see you very soon
I think he sounds like a horrible twat, but I'm quite judgemental about that sort of nonsense
Her name is Mika
i'm glad! there was a lot there i was doing it anyway and then thought it could be a fun video
Thankyou bc ur words inspired me so much! awwwwe :> i'll try diving more
Can you contact us through DM?
Mi votito de hoy. Ahora voy a x mi hijo para que vote
Sounds good to me!
That moment you get finally get home and take off all your clothes off from the day and let your hair down
ki bunlar
Happy bum day photo
I'm here but what are you bringing to the table ke?
Perfect comment TY sweet Have a beautiful Sunday
Fleet 10k ... smashed another PB out this morning
Probably push for another one for a while, proper
Thank you for the photo Amelie
Thnkew so much...i would definitely put watermark
Remember: Health is Wealth!
It really saddens me how others act. I NEVER THOUGHT THAT EVEN UP TO THIS MOMENT, IMMATURITY IS STILL A PROBLEM PLEASE GROW UP
welcome my friend
This video was shot outside Sanjeevani Hospital. Is it a ghost or a woman? Please solve
Thank you so much
Aww thank u I might not agree with whatever is happening but I have no right to judge
You were asking about PNR/UF books awhile ago
This are some of the realisations that come with maturity
Thank you
Help us make sure this is the last Sunday we have to highlight this fantastic job opportunity
thanks for following
Enjoy the struggle
Congrats Bravo Company for being the Over-all Champion in ROTC Challenge 2018
Hello! Where exactly in Seoul is this located?
ACE Factory
ANDu-
You no it makes sense
Welcome
VS Pongal Clash Almost Confirm
But the last minute Post poned to Pongal release is possible
Yes, Rosie, you too
thanks for following
If you liked it, you could read also "Aftermath"! The genre is practically the same (and it's short, so it's really quick read)
Can't wait to see your Elmer
Coz I can
its good isn't it!?! so glad you like it! if you're interested, Christina will be releasing more music in the next month
That sounds like something Klaus Nomi might have said.... Or sung!
thanks for following
if dumb and bitter please quote reply to this tweet. just further proving my point. thanks
Ilan ba ang dilawan na counts against the blue supporters Just want to know Sa election yan magkaalaman.
Trouble maker
Follow back
we are on our way
take Grab any time. Drivers are polite, cars are clean and the journey is pleasant and efficient
My Sunday's never been better! It's nice to see you tweet
Hi Marupocc din ako.
We can certainly ask for you Can you send us a DM please
.
.
.
you make me so happy
I will take this into consideration
Oh i thought it's airing already thank you sunbaenim! you too, goodluck for the upcoming drama!
Thats the best seat that JK got first. I love u, JK
It's gonna be a good day
Who can spot the most (???) wins a prize (cake )
Adults have forfeits for 'key words'
Galingan moooo Godbless
Today's already so beautiful
If I didn't own it by now I probably would. I got mine for Christmas last year by my family
The birds sound wonderful. Enjoy
goodmorning feeling blessed to see another day this morning thankful god woke me up this morning
Hi! I just wanna say that I like you and I wanna see you smile everyday.
Seen
Well if that something I had to google I would probably agree, except it inspirational, a note to self
Waiting for that only
Amazing all the best
thank you for the RT today Nicola, it is greatly appreciated
Sure can
I like your thinking.
Nope, im sat at home in the sunny eu with my feet up
Happy Sunday!
I'm breathing and it's working.
Raging in fury dear
Thank You
[181018] Shen Yue Weibo Update
Yue Yue using the Kiehl's Avocado Eye Cream.
But if you got God, then never lonely
I was truly moved by the sunset. Was breathtaking. I'm glad you liked.
Good on you all! I'm proud of the UK people
Goodluck KCNHS sa exams! (Also u haha ) I know u guys can do it see u guys sa Foundation
Heey pretty
supporting you from Cebu to there! Whatever happens daog gihapon na oi
hey bear been a big inspiration to both my boys through the years they love your shows and
Your lover
Sunday is shorts day.
At least he got his passport back
So sweet pero aral muna bago lovelife
From now on, I'll update all the photos and videos of the concerts in threads
You can find them here
Landed!
Now, the 2 hour drive home
Good evening to you too, Masashi-san
I'm happy for you
Thank you very much! Have a brilliant week
Oh my... Deeks
He's smile (:
Can't wait for today's episode!!
Lots and lots of
'Soshi~!' yerrr so cute taengoo
You're not dumb. Well not to me at least.
Those who think you are, are just jealous of our positions as best friends.
..Happy Sunday sweet Vinny!
I'm an Anglican tho
Hehe
thanks
Congrats! It seems your way of learning suits you
meant to make this quest for thirty years with luck the books will be there when you can go
Jewelry inspired by the architecture
Hahaha...this made me laugh!
I know you miss me
It seriously just takes a few minutes to vote, PLEASE DO VOTE!
You will get better with practice! I wasn't great right away.
Fabulous capture and bird!
Louis Prima, or David Lee Roth doing a very good impression of him
thank you so much
they are really beautiful
Not in north America
Morning Chris hope you're well
s S&A live po xa after ng basketball
I'm doing good thanks Bel
I hope your walk got rid of the Sunday blues
I have successfully upgraded to thank you very much
Yeh bill parmilment Mein pass hona chahiye
It's important issue
Your profile pic looks lovely
One hour and 30 minutes before Studio7
love concept endhanna
Ur welcome Holly thank you so much X
Never give up on Seb.
We didn't get there till the afternoon, but went through the illuminations. They boys loved it. xo
I love being the only one up!
Team Potato A wonderful experience serving the Lord side by side
Luckily I have a very small flat! At times like this I am glad of it
Me too, after all the way he was attempting to hit the poor elderly lady he needed teaching some manners
Yeah. They are a great for some comedy relief. They are truly each others best friend.
Stop giving importance to this girl even though beautiful
that is not my target
it's a part of it
Thank you, I'm fine and I hope you're fine too
Pleasure
not in any stage na.
You're welcome
Thank you and goodnight from Mr Rob to you
spending my birthday leave lying on the bed until oct 24. HAHAHAHAHA SML
No problem u wanted a lecture? Haha
good morning lovely how are you? xxxx
Pictures deleted. You're not part of my story anymore.
Lovely hamzah
Ladies working the pole... for fitness (13 GIFs)
The story of my life
Ill be happy
Sharp. From A Nikon Guy
Hey keiara, could you maybe follow my new account back my old one got taken down because I tried
Being too slow is bad
Being too fast is worse
Everything has its right timing
Strategic planning eh
Actually they don't update their contest format. Better make
Finally nadayun ra gyud with our beloved teacher maam reyes. nomore drawing plans.
Dadle fav y hago encuestas
Merci beaucoup
Thank you so much Mr. President and That was very quick. Wow! Don
Hi Val, the first payment will come out and then your next payment come out until January
Nope. I'm not mad, Mom. I'm just doubting.
Congratulations lovely GFS - so pleased you won
Absolutely fantastic!
Hi Jennie If it was me (it then in trouble as we got divorced last year!!!
Binance has the highest trading volume on any exchanges
Click here:
$NANO
Here are correct answers
A-3
B-5
C-1
D-2
E-4
Hope I win ..I never won from you
Thanks
PFL 10 results: Ray Cooper III makes finals with fourth straight KO follow me please
Winners from the Pornhub Awards, for that friend who asked (40 Photos)
Do you remember when you joined Twitter? I do! Since 2011
Kindly follow on IG or send a DM to order yours. Thanks
thankyou raineeeee
Hi Gavin, yes. We are opening on the 18th of December
What a delightful individual. possible to critique and not be a douche
If he plays with your feelings ..walk away
I won the Tokyo PM tourney.
Thank you. still in school and does this as a hobby. Maybe she could be an apprentice one summer.
Me a compartirla y darle me gusta porfavor A ver si hay suerte
I definitely am so far!
Root root root for her home team (39 Photos)
Obviously performed so well and so close!
Stunning pics James, keep them coming!
is an actor with unique talent, man with amazing eyes and person with pure heart.
Hey I just started reading keep you updated.
Ooh yes da Melon nd berries iz super nommy wiv sum
You look really good
thankyou
not pretending just being a model!
Good morning
Happy songs
meron p po ata ,,not sure po check n lng po later if meron
thank you for your hard work .. I will work better in the future to give you your 1st wins
So in the last 2 weeks lost 9lb
Bumper sticker. That's a great idea
Hello and welcome to the most useless replay camera to ever exist on an F1 game
Just finished my Christmas shopping
Wow thanks
last one is too cute..
Thanks Besss
Just be happy with your lives. stay here wherever I am and know my ground to be never happy because I deserve happiness.
A mighty thank you for the follow & RTs
Day well spent
Thanksss
Leadership by example Mass done
Sweetest thing I have read on twitter in a while
Ik plan zelden....love the unexpected!
Your time will come
She's a keeper
You can ask your bf a.k.a NamJoon to give you tix for their con
go this song usually bring me smile it felt nostalgic when hearing this song because I usually
Yes. done it. Available through or maths hub along with hundreds of other resources for all
Invite us to the wedding.
Bought a few at 900 sold them this morning for 1.8k, just wished I had bought more
no
Grace is pretty good. She did a good job in my opinion.
Hi classmates
Aww shucks Jimmy, I'm flattered!
I'm by no means an expert & have needed to do a lot of
Nath Bon dimanche, bisous et que HaShem vous
have my
Finally! I can see the replay of their live chat yesterday! J!!!... Jeongyeonieeeee!!
Twice celebrating
Annie my friend always special words of comfort to me .... thank you Annie to be kind to me
Happy birthday belated *aparna*
God bless you
Thank you May be good for me but I still like it the rest of the plate looked lovely though
Me too, i hope i could. Once again, thank you! You're such a kind hoobaenim to me
What a smooth road Enroute to Vrystaad
Scrotum Kavanaugh really likes do I
Thanks.. This really means a lot to me... And yes, their songs inspire me... And Taehyung is my happy pill..
*opens window * air conditioning
Try the Hublot
You're welcome
Grad pics done thanks Will be spamming in a few weeks. Sorry about it.
God is always here for you, dont mind anyone who put you down
Wonderful. Thanks for sharing - NFA
Why thank you.
the odeon finally called and they want me in for a job interview
Ooooo I'm doing this asap! Thank you
Check DM
Yo Geng....Let's Subscribe to the YouTube channel yeah..
It's for "You and I"....
Help Share Please
Is really good!!!. Looks very nice!.
3 moods
This may be of interest to you , it's a good read
Matagal tagal na din
Will you be visiting Weta Workshop and Pukeko Productions? done lots of amazing stuff for film and television.
what they said and then some
Oh my... Deeks
He's smile (:
Can't wait for tonight's episode!!
Lots and lots of
now I got it, give my reward
Aw, that was great. Thanks for showing us "I could remove this, but I'm not going to"
1st pic
You are very welcome... Have a fantastic day.
Tired but it's worth it
I see you've shared something here.
Exactly.... but northern Pakistan is magical that is for sure...
But still happy dahil naisusuot ko na ulit mga dati kong damit na I never had the chance to wear
Thank you so much! This is so lovely
And I only went out for my new nigga he got mad at me and hit the fucking interstate... now he got a flat tire... God don't like ugly
Chalo guess Karo - Mai akkian Hun hint le le Nxt hint
Wow! This meme is really no joke. Texas loves How many are women? Lol.
Nice life problems
to hyung
with love,
Toby
I still remember the first day I met you
You stole my heart since day one. Ily
Tu as beaucoup ?
Good Morning Ali xx I've actually just put up my ladbrinth door knocker xx
help myself lol! Even with rain this has been a lovely autumn
S3 Bucket . Magtutuos tayo sa Monday. Hahahaha AWS. Cloud Computing. Look for happiness in everything that you do.
I feel exactly the same way.
Ano na work mo bal? congrats!!!
Everything is lovely but without the Sunday papers unless they have some positive uplifting stories but I doubt it
The ocean is a life support system for this planet, it
Thank you, Eva! I wish you a happy Sunday as well
Aye. And the surface area of the alveoli is about 70m2 which is about the same size as a tennis court.
What should I choose? Chareeeng!!
Babe Brad and Ryan are moving into their own homes in Atherton.
We can usually sort the issues when taking a closer look, but we need your details to check this out.
Happy birthday have a great day bud
God is lit !
Always will be grateful
Thank you, so welcome!
May naligaw
Chill muna
Done !!! And pretty close but malec will win, because the best couple in the world
Good morning
Have a great day
My fave
Makes me happy
Thank you. I am going out on a walk.
oh happy days! looking forward to it
I got up early for once, forgot how lovely early morning is... back to bed for a nap later
We have wonderful food in Turkey but you really made me want to travel to London just to taste dishes
Nice smile
if it comes out beautiful, i will gladly do so.
Woohoo! Thank you!!
Happy Anniversary bro May more happy times be ahead of you both.
Thanks sweety
EXOKON
Get well Mary! God bless
Thanks for the shout out Happy listening! And may your week be
Vote for One More Time
You're most welcome
No, it's the same type of coaster, but Wodan has another layout.
thank you cutie
Jesus the saviour
Nope.. im English. Married to Pakistani
K aaaj k is mtlbi daur me ...
I have a freind .. hopefully wo mtlbi nhi hoga
Merci
Dream Cake is here!
Sino po may gusto? Available on monday
Solo size and big size po meron.
Pm me
Nih hyung
I'm tired of being nice
Ahhh okay mom
Thank you so much
All brushed (both of us) and ready for our Sunday morning
Jarang ngchat, sekali ngchat minta kuota dong
Massive thank you to and Matt Beca for the photo and autographs
Link me up
eh mana
Same thoughts .
Wao. Thank you dito Ma'am Trish!
Ah i see. Thank you
Would love to get my ex of St Paul's if you have got any. Let me know.
De vdd
Good morning George
Udah
We really enjoyed it, some great racing and some great saves too there's a new fan in our house
Ooooo that means there limited edition,give them chance if they still don't go then shorten them
Oh My God! actually in love with my render. Thank you so much
Good news guys.. i will open another 8 slots - last one
Yieeeeee always nmn po
Ah ok, off to the rub a dub then? Whatever you're doing, have a goodie!
My chat
suggest favorite
Morning Lucy Sounds like you had a good night's dreaming...
Happy Sunday to you.
another surprise!
Aweee shucks!
Thank you sweetie xx
OMG my sister followed me
definitely sleeping in this whole sunday i deserve it
Joy ? this'll put a on your face Have a good Take it easy ..
Gizmo
Should celebrate once you are back
Hazri
Abdullah Shah Ghazi Mazar With Beloved Brother & Czn
Babii time
Thank you dancers!
Hi I have placed my order and waiting for the payment details for the samoyeddan doll noted that! ;)
I love how is part of this movement, more power to you as well
Thank you!
craving satisfied
This is a great recipe! Always impresses the guests and easy to make too
is an actor with unique talent, person with pure heart...
Thank you
Good afternoon everyone
Stay close to people who care about you,, if they care about you just let them go.
Yeah mashallah its the same
You have missed the when I can be bothered section
Mashallah
Shahid Afridi with bhabhi ji celebrating their 18th wedding anniversary
Stay blessed and happy
Not interested anymore
Done and dusted
At least I have earned some stickers though
How sad to see all the comments. Apa pun semoga selalu sihat
I'm so glad you like it! Thanks for all the inspiration you gave me to start from!
Yess
For all my type friends! Please share far and wide
Lots of butter on it.
You said it your self
Thank you
Merci Thibaut
Yes please we are
Thank you so much
Famous (feat. Reginae Carter) by on oh, there she is.
Sure, I believe you.
Mid morning treat
got you
Thank you! It will help pump me up when I sit down to work on my later this morning.
Oh how well I remember that incident and that game.
That's not a phrase you hear every day!
Nice day up the allotment
Hazri
Abdullah Shah Ghazi Mazar With Beloved Brother & Czn
Sunday with bunso.
The next few days my story will be packed with the action from
a little taste
hi Chloe just to say that I watched your show last night you were fantastic you looked absolutely incredible as always x
Ok bon bah c'est bon alors
Happy to hear ops
5pm here but morning
Hazri
Abdullah Shah Ghazi Mazar With Beloved Brother & Czn
I really like it
Good luck
I'm happy tho
Here it is
Shayad wohi apky papa or bhai or husband b hain galti sy
Yes. Assimilation is imminent.
is an actor with unique talent, person with pure heart...
ok na si acooohhh yeheeeeeeee
Isma!
Thank you
why I stick to wings never disappoints
Because you miss Catso ??
Yes, but could you think of a more pleasant way of dying?
somebody's daughter, where are you pls so we can do such
Bro, Correction* Rod in her Leg.
en
A thing of beauty
Alien sounds good for helloween ... You doing OK with crypto dear
As I keep telling people, makeup is not cosmetic surgery
Lol it still makes you sad I see...but its time to move on now
Giordani Gold MasterCreation Foundation
Instantly boosts youthfulness giving you a flawless, natural look
Thank you so much Su Dar. Nice new profile pic! Fun.
Mini HIIT Me Bootcamp This photo sums it up.
Sweat , breathlessness and smiles.
Flipping brilliant
Thank you
Thank you for getting back to me Would over the phone be ok with you?
hi how long did you stay camping outside for the Panic! concert?
2 chapters pa haha up to 45 chapters
Just repeat after me
Got it?
Pawfect
See you at 7 - 9pm UK time
(thats
thank you
Ooh lovely
It past 3am so I should sleep now I have a busy day ahead! Good night for now guys! expecting to see those bets done later hahaha
sino pede bukas? libre ko kayo
Dica do dia:
broke the bank if I stuck by your predictions ....hence forth my Lady Luck
hopefully feel better today
planning on sleeping, but someone please invite me for Sunday lunch
is an actor with unique talent, person with pure heart...
Un abrazo
Ha! likely be doing that for you
What is this ? -
|
|
Need
I'll wait for the invite
Thank you
Joy ? this'll put a on your face Have a good Take it easy ..
Shall I let it get signed for you at Cal Mah by her?
Uy, the ADN scholars are at the and they're going in numbers kudos to the people involved in this project
Most likely you're leaving the line if you refreshed the page! Try opening tabs instead rather than refreshing.
Probably switched after the harambee stars game
Marvellous turn of phrase there, squire. Several un-unseeable images, too
Got spontaneously the day off, finally time for diving into this great book
Che Bellissimo Sedere hai !
Life's Great Live A Little
You're improving every single season, it's incredible!!! Great work ally xx
yup j'ai dodo c'est ok now
oh wow those two songs are actually my favorites great job
Understandably Kiera but have faith
Oh, I'm done with uni too but yes, uni was an amazing experience. You just have to choose what you feel it's your vocation
So it is
What is this ? -
|
|
Is that supposed to offend me
Sana this time ma appreciate mo ginawa ko hehehehe
so irrelevant, she matter
Such a cheerful mamang gojek. He deserves a big tip
ah thank you
Alright. Thank you so much!
is an actor with unique talent, person with pure heart...
Whole world loves MSD
Very very naughty
You can also call Pete
I'm bout to watch What Happened to Monday.
Plt next day delivery is gas, when u gonna get it? Tomorrow? Next week? Or email saying actually not in stock
....and the macron stadium has completely exploded
Boyfriend is reading his anime and I'm reading my book
Awesome that you are putting family first
Ahhh win streak
mornings. It's all about the duvet &
Harasso I'll hug u
7. And yes you, please add an function on tweets so I can correct my misspellings. Thank you
Portable USB LED Flexible Lamp
0.57USD
Flash sale!
Link:
Mass is done! God bless
There are several things in the water for sure. From your lips to ears.
i guess being pregnant suits me well!
Happy birthday thru ups and downs remember we are here guiding you ano? Legal na tayo HAHAHA
Progress is coming along nicely on the baby blanket making for a friend
.
.
.
Certainly does hope you had a good night wish we'd gone
Y'all can dm anytime if you wanna be mutuals or want an advice or motivation I might reply a little late
Binance has the highest trading volume on any exchanges
Click here:
$NANO
1-0 win for Owens team today. His first game in goal since his injury, made some amazing saves and kept a clean sheet
Keep on Moving on short cut.
Cool, it looks beautiful
Good luck Hun
Me too
Good morning
Awww.. So sweet. Keep in touch babe. We're coming to KL in Dec.
FYI ur opinion mean shit
Appreciate the time we still have because it last forever. what I learned
Little Tryfan and Milestone Buttress
This is a major reason to love Tom Hardy. Not the only one obvs
Joy ? this'll put a on your face Have a good Take it easy ..
Been dreaming about these two people a lot. Anyway, let me make something to eat
Hello
Something good is happening
Ayyiieeeeut. Thankyou
Binance has the highest trading volume on any exchanges
Click here:
$NANO
You're most welcome Got your email. Just about to run a few errands and will get back to you later today/tomorrow x
wait
no need! just a rt will do
If I only I had already decided on what to do..but confused Thank you
Thank you!
How To Get More Views On - Top 9 Techniques
I can understand and speak little yes
is an actor with unique talent, person with pure heart...
Oh just fine then. Forget the abuse of the old lady and focus on how the rest of the passengers feel
Thank you
Bey, let me tell you something, I love you and thank you for all this bts clips
if wishes were horses, beggars would ride
The annual Spring ritual of cleaning the one in my lawnmower with a fine emery board
I'm only one episode behind on SPN! As I was too tired last night to watch the latest, but I will today
That's really sweet.
It does.
Also, whatever he's done by now, it's been a
Morning Kirsty have a lovely day
sevimli
Alden and Maine, and the inspiration they give to the ADN scholars.
Happy lovin this photo effect on my DC direct action figure..
followback waaa semangaattt!!
Yes I am
Big Black Stud Dominates a College Snowbunny
At a organic farm
Perfect by Ed.
Minder was and still is an absolute classic. Loved watching it with my dad on Sundays. Great actors
If there is a suite i want to know ! I hope you can talk with him again
Good morning Wendy Have a lovely day
Np! Good luck!
hi It's very cute~ thank you so much
HappyWeekEnd .. Time to relax
thank you
How far... thanks for the beer last night
Hey everyone my latest:
Han to 3k k kareeb aao then remind me
DAE pa ko tapos mag movieeeeee hihihi
Selfie daw muna gayud
Smile
Sem break yeheeyyy
I don't know if you had the chance to see this.
Here come the hunnies & funnies (18 Photos)
Yes, we've got two, but they're not coming into their full glory yet.
is an actor with unique talent, person with pure heart...
ThanQ andi
Frankie Stew & Harvey Gunn
Tebogo Sbal-Bhut Mosala thanks Mate!
looei absolutely
slept the whole day
Nakuuu okay lang ho for sure worth it naman yun!
Merci
Bom dia Senhora-Passarinha!
Too many jealous people in this world! Just enjoy what doing and forget about them!
Yo fortnite i know you guys Are probably not reading this but plz bring back infinity gauntlet mode plz
TAPOS NA ITONG PELIKULA.
is
You need to come running with me
Is this about Zac or your work situation? You've got an interesting mix of content
good way to sell drugs no one will realise uno
Hello! Talk to me on
Uso nasad ni New Year resolutions
See you tomorrow davao
Yes! Until Thursday
Your beautiful name, what does it mean? really? thanks it means heart
is an actor with unique talent, person with pure heart...
Which one?
Naine baby. ....bought them at kapiri when i was traveling back yesterday
Ayy thanks
Up for at 5.30am, breakfast by 7am, walking with the dog before daybreak
Hey, hi
Hi all kindly follow us and click the link in our bio thanks
gooooodmorning
Have a lovely journey onboard! ^EA
Oh, you in the shopping centres, is it Zack?
Yes I'm the eldest 25 this month November Insha Allah
The youngest is 9
Beauty is power; a smile is its sword
Oooof! You know me better than that, JD
I can confirm that God truly surprised me with an unexpected miracle this week!!
I went to sleep horizontal across my bed
I just want to see something
is an actor with unique talent, person with pure heart...
Thank you so much for RT'ing It's so important to get the message out... and we can all make a difference
I would also like to know
Moin moin!
Why are you there? If I may ask
If you find any can you let know. I think on the lookout for one too
Breakfast Burrito pls
Tagged by
See you in a bit (if i tag you, feel free to tweet me too haha)
in another part of the world and afternoon all ready
gracias!
+ Central Kolkata#pandle upload
Good morning
My boyfriend and I went as a little sister and a Splicer from Bioshock, it was pretty cool
Melanin still my preference.
Learn How to and | 20 Tips on How to
...now Still good pic.
Ever need a duo you can inv me, always looking for new people to play with
Amazing well done Jess
Yow Lakers Fans
The Houston Rockets are still in LA
They Will Face the Clippers
Count on Boban
I know my place now and im happy
Joy ? this'll put a on your face Have a good Take it easy ..
Yes it is
Watching Chick Filck
Check out "To All the Boys Loved Before" on Netflix
Thank you! so glad you liked them! one of my favourite to make
And... this is me! In: sexy dress=sexy trampling
Hope you like it
My own house...at 45 I'm tired of insecure high priced renting when I'm a low wage earner...then an animal sanctuary
Congratulations and God bless you
Sinclair QL with its Whopping 92k...class
Hey guys!..
Thank you kindly!
Delivery crew LDS 217A were awesome this morning thank you
I wish he was Doug
Made me delete an already sent msg to someone. This helped.
gracias!
run with that
Sounds better than *bin so fucking heavy I be arsed to move it...
Tha-tha-thanks!
You enjoying learnig it explains your quick progress to me
Mornin!
Hi. Can we send you a DM?
Just your opinion and you're entitled to it.
Glaaaaaaad you're comiiiiiing It's a bit of organization but it worth it
Thanks for another amazing era I'm highly anticipating your Japanese debut Please eat and
is an actor with unique talent, person with pure heart...
Great venue
Thank you Ormoc City for the life changing seminar
Aw thats lovely i have a boat tattoed on my arm, just a random one
Its is because i'm a new exols this is my first lay album since
This character reminds me of a certain someone.
Lol yea and about to do PT outside. This is fucking great
Race of the Year today at a beautifully sunny and warm is keeping himself busy
Just checked Im following you ..I try to piss everyone off on a daily basis
Concentrates your mind on a REAL sport Tim
Di kami magjowa pero she used to call me "babe" either in person or in chat ughhh sarap sa ears
You are not "Sunbae" coz you are a "Gurang-sunbae"
Edho Meryem
Late reply kuya nakita po kita sa may tapat ng pages and lattes po malapit sa MCU
Joy ? this'll put a on your face Have a good Take it easy ..
Khosh amdeed
Well done everyone.. looks like you had fun
So they think and we are polite enough to agree with them
Thank you for supporting our teams and safeguarding our patients
good luck to you too!
Had fun putting together this list
Chilling is the best!
Correct. But I also wish that the person sitting behind them also wears one
Going to be fun in our house Monday night
a Leo sun, Gemini moon and Capricorn Rising my favorite colors are gray and black
Everything goes
They're a fab team!
Easterners natural resources
is it wrong to want to hangout with my classmates on sembreak? it's called padayaw pala? aws sorry po
Bit of Sunday arts and crafts
Thank you for your appreciation & kind words!
We feel humbled!
I look very fine today
Help RT Thank You
Happy Ever After 4th Muster
GO
RM360
Free postage to WM
EM +RM10
Price exclude EMS
It made my eyes to well up.
YoonGi is always so loving & caring about us.
Thank you! And thank you for being an amazing supervisor
Trying to fix myself.
Hey. Yes you !
Always remember :
You are worth it.
You are loved.
You are blessed.
You are beautiful.
And
or Real Betis
Thanks!
Nyanyi
Thank you
Nindotas feeling maka inom coke oyy
TheBee
TheBee sounds like my last name
I miss you take care
Looking Possible career change - upmarket male catalogue model?
Mr. and Mrs. Reyes
edi babae pala ako? hahaha If u believe u are, then u are.
My birthday is the 11th 27 though
Or you could just create a gift registry
Ate ang intense mo here!!!!!!!
Early morning wandering
Riiiight!
Timeless flavours from Kinetik Labs. Happy Sunday
Low min spend for free
All set up Come and say hi, last entry is 3:30
Yes, proud of her
My win. Can't beat the beautiful British countryside
Stunning landscape shot Bri!
And I love it whenever they end up loving it as much as I do, or even more. Like, I light up like a frigging Christmas tree.
I'm happy for you even if i can't see u not being happy for me yes, i know something wrong, im not too dumb.
Bon Dimanche !
but in the end you get this adorable little bundle of joy so all worth it
Love the fruit set bottom right - I've got the same large bowl as my fruit bowl in the kitchen
Salamat besh.
Can't take my eyes off of you
Taking a break from the stream grind tonight! I'll be live again tomorrow
It is just me ? Wishing Didi and YueYue to be together , even if it means being single forever
My
Yung mga may utang po akong tattoos, please approach me sa techbooth right after the program po. Salamat!!!
oddany!
Suicide Squad
My way of making tea is putting the kettle on and doing nothing else until mom gets annoyed and does it herself
BTW should have to fix these things!,
Oh for real?
This is the at 18 !!!
Great start to my morning
Bend over the couch baby
People, no excuses now please circulate
Heroine ban gaye
Ahhh nice but I want the light brown one is there no returns?
Hope you are well dude. Nice picture of you and Victor there
besterik gabe
Happy birthday God bless
Happy birthday
congratulations on your winning agsin
Thank you GOD I feel much better today ; gonna go visit my grandma today & see my other half Jabrina Perez
thank you very much
yes
Nw: Inside Out
Thank you
Poetry today for is brilliant, & Goldilocks on CCTV is my fave volume of his
Yes po. -Admin C
HappyWeekEnd .. Time to relax
Oh, early night I think
He looks like he has had so much fun!
That was Zoe and Kara, who were collecting signatures on the back.
Nice game
Thanks for all the birthday messages, I've had an amazing birthday in London
Hello!! Here are the screenshots. Really nice idea btw.
we're not very close pero more kwentuhans with you btw i admire ur glassy clear sakin, pls take care of it.
Not my wedding day haha. My brother from grad school and his amazing wife got married! And thanks
Cancro.... Presente
Hi crush
Sometimes I wish vampires were real and I could be one
Trisha ungaluku marg epo...then hw to u feel frm 96 movie..plz ans.@trishtrashers
Thanks Paul
it's okay. Just stay home
Who would like to tweet me all day, on the hour, every hour, to get me through this day
Happy birthday to the awesome
Always there to support me in my writing journey
Please ask her more, I really want that song
thank you sa update po
Chaye
When you have busy weekdays & weekends too. Chai the Lord is my strength
Goooood morning
Have a great Sunday
In a library
The best curve i have is my SMILE
Ahh thank you
love your comment! I agree with you~ i hope they have time to explore the countries they are visiting too~
Thank you so much That is beautiful I wish the same thing for you always and forever Enjoy your day
Thanks for reposting!
Fresh
Because of Quen, na appreciate ko na ang Bee Gees. Eagles fan kasi ako
Good evening to all my precious mutuals!! Hope you had a very nice day. Take care of yourself always. I love you!
Thank you so much! the balloons are amazing!!
Precious moments kyeopta
that put a smile on my face, thank you
shouto todoroki
this makes me so happy you guys!
Hi Guys! Episode 2 is here!! Enjoy my Morning routine. Like and share if you can relate.
Oh for real? He looks quite handsome
But this is the at 18 !!!
Should be rectified at the earliest available opportunity
There's nothing remains for a lifetime and if you don't know us, go read and search
Hello
La mejor del mundo mundial, mejor amiga, confidente, madre
it's ok Na ,you'll always be that person thats needs to understand people than yourself
Road trip with Creg. Mom and son bonding. Talked about a lot of things. Answered a lot of questions about
Yes, Milan was founded in 1899 and then in 1908 the club was split into two with the foundation of Inter.
I love it when i do Grab Share pero ako lang yung pasahero yup on my way to celebrate life with real life friends
Nda punya baju halloween nacchan syo pun jadi lah
I know she was lesbian. Interesting.
Ain't that so the damned truth!
Wah TAJ Taj East Gate Road Agra
Ungabe usiza aphe Komani nje zophinda ubuyele Mthatha
Please check your DMs.
So excited to see this movie!!!
Thank you
if ever you'll be able to find po an sla sa album.. and mga hm po kaya un? thanks po.
I've already rted yours
New (1:3000)
Nesolo 10W QI Wireless Car Charger, Car Mount with Air Vent Phone Holder, Fast
As it should be. Enjoy jare.
Next time your man piss you off... overreact! Just go and mix match all his shoes in his shoe collection! welcome
We'll gonna open IZ*ONE COLOR*IZ Debut Album
As far as i know, they hide it first
while YB and Hyorin NEVER hides it, NEVER denied it
So jk let Joon to have his comfortable sit for joon's convenient knowing him need it...such a whipped dongsaeng
yes we need new chaelisa content worry still make one
I've already rted yours
Happy happy morning
Well, this ole lady had to have her beauty sleep. And then found it incredibly difficult to get back into
now following
I wouldn't know nearly as much about coins if it weren't for your posts! Thats a really interesting find
Thank you so cute
He's like a puppy with a new toy he wants to show off
Sir thank you po!
Melanin still does the Damn things!
Thank you
So kann der Sonntag starten Neue Schallplatten, Cupcakes und Chai Latte mit
Going through old photos on my phone and saw this My scratch when I was drafting Moonchasers/La Luna
BAGAY TONG DALAWANG TO NO ADN
Christy, Lola, and Vicki have a lesbian threeway
That's so nice
I saw your thanks I hope you enjoy it
beautiful ladies
Thankyou Fox Love you to man
Thanks Sadaf! So going to be reunion-special episode.. wow !
thank you din for everything baba
3. Have a good day
Bon week-end
Thank u for coming daddy Bae
Surviving! Both been floored by a crappy cold but we're out the other side of it now Christmas
feeling good is good enough
Thank you very much!! So happy to read this
Had a chill weekend with my lil family
Cinema later to finish off a fab weekend
Yes...trying to make the society happier and the country aware of certain things...through entertainment
Oh cute! Thank you
Thanks po
Woohoo! Congratulations once again justice will prevail eventually still waiting for a
Not baking to relax?
Hehe
Every time uploads reminded why one of my favourite YouTubers. Such pure and hilarious content
Thanks okay now I think she liked the actual job at Emily Carr
Watch Milwaukee sign him
Inka dhoni 10k runs complete cheyaldha
We are doing really great. how are things with you ?? What are you upto?
I love your beautiful smile
Hair Transplant Experience at in For our Arabic speaking visitor
Messenger:
Welcome wind
Aww thanks , il look forward to seeing yours when you get round to it
Hair Transplant Experience at in For our Arabic speaking visitor
Messenger:
Awww really? I feel that too, it's so warm it feels really really good
Watching how to train your dragon has been the best way to start the day
Hair Transplant Experience at in For our Arabic speaking visitor
Messenger:
I saw a Red Admiral in my garden on Thursday
You too!
Hope this week has nothing but good vibes for me
Have a good journey today to Manchester, I think you have a break from signing and good audience tonight
It contributes to your humanity
True story
Keep the spirit
Hair Transplant Experience at in For our Arabic speaking visitor
Messenger:
In time
when you miss the beach day
Godbless us !
Oh fair enough & stupid keep you in mind though in case I change my mind I
Started bullet journaling today and I think I like it
and down it goes. hahahaha. good game ADN. Good game!!!
RT RT CHAIHOLIC..
.
.
Good morning friends... enjoy your Sunday
What's the the name of this game? Looks interesting
Hi Guys! Episode 2 is here!! Enjoy my Morning routine. Like and share if you can relate.
Congrats!
Ne.
The worst part is he even wake up
Hair Transplant Experience at in For our Arabic speaking visitor
Messenger:
Sekadar kongsian
Mom loves it yeeeeeee. U can never go wrong with flowers and dream cake!!!!
Nath Bon dimanche,bisous et que HaShem vous
TITA MILET, CRUSH KO PO ANAK NIYO! HEHE
Thank you. off on my travels again tomorrow
Hello Guys Today is Sunday and in Church
Okay
hello wanna be my mutual?
Enge series recommendations.
Morning!
This is a rough draft of my next tutorial plan, I have been exploring the wheel method and it is so
Thank you
Cake a small one at least lol
Been on a B&W binge today
The 20th made better she could make anything better I love you, love! yjahyves
Happy for you ! When you want talk me about this bb
Such a wonderful slut
Ne kincanasso.
Oh wow Jules, what a find.
Figs are so tasty. Hope you enjoy every mouthful.
OMG, Ali...I am sooo jealous I thought that was you I heard and then (that hiker guy) gave the time and
welcome.
Friends! Pasend naman sa DMs ng pictures natin please
"No regrets, you were a good lesson"
hello wanna be my mutual?
You're Welcome bessy ko ingat ka palagi. Miss you drei!
Its well my dear.
Into the oven my beauties!
Thanks!
Can be easily arranged
Awww there so cute an thank you so much
Hi Ms.D i'm here wearing blue.
the first time heard it and can understand why a favourite........enjoy your day too
You need salt for things that hide in the shadows. Kryptonite is for good guys
If you win be yours to do as you like!
Misha and Danneel
I love you too hope you had fun !!
We will help to dispel all myths and doubts Implement CRM-System together with Digital Skynet
Done stress coz done prelim nako
you want ice cream love?
Hello Legend Please remember to eat your favourite food and sleep as much as you can. You deserve it!
Yeah I hope so Anw to hoping we can both get our tickets haha (idk how much of a bloodbath it might be)
Hope you had fun in Paris
Hey jinnie glad you enjoyed the tour please rest and eat well luv ya
Aw so sexy sis! I like it
Ouch
Thank for working so hard Jinna. We love you..
Good, as long as you are at peace and happy that's all that matters
Sa mga wala pa pong book review eto po yung format
Already done.
nice to hear my colleagues are trying out these cool tasks in their classrooms
Hi
Maybe testing you. He have plans. Trust the process. Trust Him. Everything will be fine.
gece
Love you my worldwide handsome boy
Happy sunny Sunday to you too Daniel
Eatjin
For me has the most beautiful smile ever like he smiles with his eyes. His aura is just so very
Ah I see. Alright thanks
Usually I retweet these but my teeth too perfect
softy rosy cheeks for autumn
You look handsome Not many ppl can wear hot pink (including me,it makes my eyes look fluro green) but you pull it off well
Happy Sunday hope having a lovely day
Our Worlwide handsome
Ah. Connard.
Vintage Seiko Bellmatic for this lazy Sunday
Trying it Heist for a bit, very similar setup to Counter Strike Seems ok so far
Just cane back in time from fishing to tune in during the ladt 30 mins
B&W binge 2 of 4
Last night, laughing with my parents
indeed I would rather have nothing but tea
Looking forward of the story. I watched both trailers a hundred times.
you look absolutely cute
Looks great, and the money is going to a great cause, well done
Good choice
Yeah kinda like now premium pieces of shit
Passion is always the key
planning to
I am here James. I am currently only a quiet reader
Hi bitch! Follow back ko
What a lovely come back with a beautifull and free look a heartly welcome in
Thanks! Moe has the skills~
THANK YOU JINNIE!! FINALLY A SELCA!! I'VE MISSED YOU SO MUCH
Adam bought me a Kaneki doll, then I saw a whole shelf of Totoro dolls and he bought two for both our girls.
//both mun and Lan Xue prays for XY soul.
(... and butt)
I could learn to like this.
Haha ji
I was nt alone , my sisters along w me so it took us 5 days to finish cleaning
I'm also making fun of it
I was watching 5000m win in London again , then surfaced, from 18:27 during
probably steal your money and kill you too be on a roll theres no stopping me once I get started
nice cameo on yesterday for the
Uy nandyan din sila? The balaes will see each other again.
Peekaboo
You both are my inspiration
Bet she loved every minute of yesterday
I sort of knew that
yes
Kill them with kindness
Yes I can!!
new here
Kindly follow me follow back
We love u too! Thank u for being the beat hyungnim
Imma tell all
Imma tell all that
You could either hate me or love me
But just the way I am.
Thank you din, R!
It's in India
Thanks to EXO
Good morning guys
Rewatching Vanity from the beginning to gain more inspiration for the vids.
I'm "thisquiettown" on ig
new experience will always be the best! Thanks Wil
I love splash it's a good choice
Congratulations this was much awaited god will bless u both always
Not bad for only my 4th and upwards
Of this and back out in the glorious Sunshine.
Hey Handsome! I loved seeing you live (PHEW so handsome! ), thank you, Thank You, THANK YOU! Now rest please
Yesterday was great
B&W binge 3 of 4
View from Tate Modern
Also, if doing nothing next a Saturday, feel free to come along and see us there. have a stand and a bacon butty for you
18th of November 1977
May
Should i send my account number?
Min
Thank you! sure it will
The end
face swap w/
I never wanted just to be the other guy
Love u sol dito lang me if u need help
mam
Actually mam Do teen se mein Bhimaar tha mujhe fever ho gaya tha. Mam aaj hi mein
... he did...
... when he starts to speak I could listen to his voice for hours... so soft... and
Pakistani doctors and nurses during Night Duty like this
Wait is over, finally starting Maiden visit to the Economic Capital travelling to Karachi from Lahore
Insha Allah
Remind me next year..
Thank you so much for coming!
i really do not have problems with u but why are u testing me?
Thank you
Aww what beautiful gifts love the little ben doll
I've been really happy these past few days & I hope it continues
Love fresh
amazing amateur teens's sex!
TIME TABLE
MADNESS pres.
GUEST
Also, if doing nothing next a Saturday, feel free to come along and see us there. have a stand and a bacon butty for you
do you believe that anyone in your life came because they have a purpose? Absolutely.
Keep up the great work !!
Touch by touch
There was one there. On the Ten facts about me post. lol Don't worry
Awesome will right now
Thank you
see u next year!! rest well
U did well, rest and eat a lot love u
Morning Bitch Face
Starts on 2nd January, surely?
What a day to be alive
Just came back from fishing in time to join on
Your hard work and efforts will pay off best of luck Maryam!
Wake n bakeeee about to be knocked tf out lol
got u always. can u ask more questions pa HAHAHAHA wala akong magawa e. joke..pero thank ulit
Your night could use some tattoos and Toni (30 Photos)
I turned gay in the army
I've been realizing a lot lately
ang cutie ng smile
You can't just say palm oil rice on a Sunday morning and not explain better pls. I'm curious to know pls
Indeed my friend , well said
Just a fan account, it's in my bio
Happy birthday bitch. Loveyou.
Sun is perfect for pictures around this time of the year
Be happy
Be bright
Be you
.
.
.
life
Now i know, i'm not your priority
It's not Doug
Congrats bayeeeet
Mini Giantess Sex
That's great to hear Craig, thanks for letting us know We'll pass on your feedback to the site, and to Heather! Thanks, CR
Indonesian FUSE who would like to participate, please contact me
Minimum amount of donation is Rp. 90.000,-
Getting a random compliment
I suppose never get another picture of all of us again
visiting my water mother
Have fun!!!
Hey..
New blog up. Check it out if you find a minute or two. Also, kindly leave a comment..I'll really
Happy Sunday all
Have a blast in Korea!!
Me too
4 more sleeps and out of Sin City for long weekend with this dork
Thank you too! Was such a fun day! Thanks for all your help
Good for you! Enjoy some chill time!
nos lleva hoy a CDMX
If you are interested to know more reply to this tweet!!
Haha it's my honor, thankyou zeeshan
Those moments..
Thank you!
they are now ending their vlive and please watch out for the preview later 10PM KST
My favourite punk song of all time
i made a new instagram account. you can follow me etherealjosh95
if you want to follow my personal account
How's the revolution coming on?
Wish I could flip like that
Yes it's there
just sold it to me enjoy your Sunday xx
The same anime film director that made Wolf Children, Summer Wars The Girl Who Leaped Through Time so cool!
This was a very intriguing interview with Rolling Stone Magazine! I enjoyed it very much!
different.
En Bonaire
for sure
Yes.. Take care of your health brother..
It really was! I've been dreaming of this moment for years, but it felt even better than I imagined
somebody help me why so uwu
Brilliant interview Dylan ..
Ah! The NYT
Okay
Maybe its the photo angle i will take this as a grat compliment
Have a lovely day sweetie
With a nice slice of cheese on the side
Ignore limit for today
I LOVE YOU . JIN
Good Morning hope you have a good un
No, of course not. I go out of my way to litterpick. However overflowing bins are regular
Get back in the game with some girls in sports bras (34 Photos)
I hope feeling a lot better now jinnie have a safe flight back to Korea
Evet sizin afiyet olsun
I don't respond at all ..
KAYAKAP Volunteer's Cap is available for only 150 pesos
Ha! Why am I even surprised?
Hi, I've been off work yesterday and today. Hopefully back tomorrow though.
Because fine
So I reached 300 followers and was put on my first "list".
Gonna be a good day
Happy Sunday my Friend
you used that pic as profile pic!
Lmfao cba with me and Reece having a couple of drinks in the pub and fell asleep with the bedroom light and tv on mongs
Finally Im home Thanks God
hope you can follow back
Journey Bangkok Railway Station
ASK THE TRAINERS!!!
Have questions??? We have answers!!! Comment below.
Pota kaman (in a nice tone)
Not on a bus route. taxi you no probs
Dats my boy!
Thank you
Teeeepause
You too yuqi,, let's be friends
one of my favorite episodes on TV!!! hang in there, Felger and Coombs are saving the day! They are
Done good luck with it
Ooh please
Thank you
Hello Brigitte always good to your beautiful smile, make my day
so much to be proud of in Gloucestershire need to build on this by working together & share
Rest well and Stay healthy Jin oppa thank You did very good work thank you for everithing
We want the full gist
Good Night !!
so sunday depression has kicked in & not even mid-day
Thank you
learning this
yeheeey Good luck ateee!
SEOKJINNIE
You're so handsome, have you been well? I hope you're feeling better Enjoy your break angel, say hi to RJ for me
You too
Maybe on my next trip to Turkey may just come and see you
You are the best Thanks for coming se you soon
That sounds great
B&W binge 4 of 4
Hope the little ones (and you!) had lots of fun at Salcey! Thanks for sharing with us
She is just a stupid idiot with James Browns old wig
Congrats mga Alaga for Succesful Runway on Manila Taguig HelamanTalentAngency goodluck to all career
we hope that whoever who took them likes them
Who is your favorite directors pal? Here is my favorites: Stanley Kubrick, Christopher Nolan, Quentin
Enjoy guys..
Friends through thick and thin
would have have been 100 years old today. Mama Nontsikelelo Thethiwe Albertina Sisulu
Deciding is better when we follow the will of God
Bang with Me at
adult youtube faye valentine girls fucking kelly wells men
glad you liked it Chris!
can't wait for today's video
This would be an interesting collaboration for sure! We would love to see how their voices work together
Never tasted this one
You can just search for it in your app store
they can finally get some rest
Ahhh gotcha!! I quite enjoy weekend work weirdly
You are welcome
waiting for a follow back
Va bene tesoro
Yesterday rugby with a cider and a
Today a lady who takes afternoon tea
Nice work Kirsten
Thank you for asking how I am, well I'm fine btw
welp nevermind this dorks live so ill be here
A perfect beer to start your Sunday. Doors open at midday
We really enjoyed Beverly Real Ale Festival yesterday! Thanks very much for having us We're playing Vintage Bar
Ward 405 sir
Pc broke again
No more hope for this dude
Thank you for the five years we've spent together. You've served me well.
Its an honor and a pleasure being followed by a Prince .... Thank you
Happy monthsary George Thank you for being my qt aso for the past 10 months I love youu
We began our day with an interactive circle time followed by sensory play - washing toy cars
Getting a new computer desk tomorrow! I'm so excited.
Thank You so much for your valued feedback... so glad that you enjoy them God Bless You!
The day has finally arrived mad excited sipping on some reality juice tonight boy
If Sky was the limit, why do we have NASA
Follow me on IG for followback
Generosity leads to happiness!
I would like to visit Australia someday
Binance gives free money with airdrops!
Click here:
$BTC $ETH $XRP $XLM $NEO
Thanks!
What's something you love about yourself? my eyes
Thank you. done it for a long time hope on the route to recovery & suffering too much
bro's I Have
Crossed 100 Subs !!
Spl num for me than 1Million !!
Joy ? this'll put a on your face Have a good Take it easy ..
Still on my wishlist to go to kor concert one day
Lost another bank card and another house key in the space of two day sick
Even if I'm not in Portugal, I'm happy that the "Burn The Stage - The Movie" is going to be in my country cinemas
Is that the same one? I thought Wonho lost it. Anyway, it really looks good on him.
HELLO MR. WORLDWIDE HANDSOME
I have a bad news for all of you:
Monday is Approaching Again
Can u tell me what's ??? I'm new to Twitter thank u
i didn't expect you have a mole on chin and two in left cheek.. that's handsome~
You're welcome
Black is Beautiful
Oh please feel bad. Ever!
And put yourself out...anytime will do xx
Officially an LLM (Intellectual Property Laws) graduate today My second convocation at UiTM
Pretty ni ! waiting for the game.
Learn to make yourself happy.
You guys were so sweet, it was lovely to meet you too!! Thanks for stopping to say hi
Yasss!!! wait for this wedding so damn excited
You are amazing my hero
You do it well
THANKS
I've been expecting trolls but so far just good humour which of course is how it should be
gracias!
I will. I'm claiming it.
Thank you
Text me the deets when you're there. Might just be able to surprise you before I head over to Pangasinan
small collection. Funny, it's still missing a Han Solo and a Chewie.
Still searching...
My baby coming home today I miss his lil mean self
It SHOULD be filmed! Shoukd be BBBC2, not Radio2 We wanna SEE the TC magic, as well as hear it
Indeed, you should and thank you
Today
7Pm Trend For Birthday !
Tag & Common DP Reveal On
Get Ready
Hayaan na
Lets go creamline
Goodluck sa lahat ng players esp. Keep safe!
Yes! It's the behind the scenes footage from Hyuck's Arena Homme shoot!
Joey
Dmed
It's heartwarming how loving and supportive Norma, Debbie and Deborah are Best Mum's ever
Yes really sexy
You were so amazing and I really hope you'll be back in France next year
Lots of love
Even if I'm not in Portugal, I'm happy that the "Burn The Stage - The Movie" is going to be in my country cinemas
It's pretty much the same here Eddie Not too hot, not too cold. Just right x
Happy birthday!
Good Afternoon in my country
Mark out there living the fanboy dream~
HappyWeekEnd .. Time to relax
MahesH - KeerthY Mutual Fans
Follow This Page
Thank you and you are too
Its getting cold na. And i love it.
You can never have too many
Eva is straight from your dreams (32 Photos)
i was born without you , and i can faking live without you .
Wow beautiful
Redheads, man. Redheads (44 Photos)
Ordered!! I can't wait to read it
Proud Unfortunate loss in their first game together however they played really well New kits looking great
Been there, done that....and got myself the best razoe ever - a bitch to clean though
you make my heart smile
Career brings ur love but love never bring ur career. Always choose ur career first to grab ur love
James, just another a**hole!
There's still beuty in every darkness
(me)
I think I'm going to try that one next when I finish the Ian Rankin one
More and much more
We coming for you
wait this train needs to hurry up
I hope you liked Europe SO MUCH you will consider more countries in the future
Spain is a great place, by the
Get pumped with Lani (30 Photos)
Let's apply for it Angie, anyway!
hindi tayo pwede maging mahina kasi magcocover pa si
Taco soup
Chivettes bored at work (27 Photos)
Binance gives free money with airdrops!
Click here:
$BTC $ETH $XRP $XLM $NEO
Just give me a reason to love you, and you regret it.
Thank you !
Thank you. adorable as well
Good job, NMAT takers Pahinga kayo and eat a hearty meal, you deserve it Can't wait to see you guys in med school!
Jin Oppa
amazing smile I am hoping to see you voicing Leomon again if he appears on the next Digimon season I love your work
I think it is in Cambridge.
Oh okay. I'll call them and see. Thanks alot
Hello. This is my first time posting on curious cat. I really love the way you think babes thank you
Thank you so much for enjoying it!
where are you, I'm ready now
Hi, Reg! Wala uy. Hehe.
Share your blessings!
I know...i get more interest in my robins than anything else! Do love them though
DAY 4 FREE THINGS I SEE ON THE GOLD COAST (Surfers Paradise) + WOOLWOR... via
Good luck. Watch out for our waste team
U r so beautiful omg
Why so handsome baby
Plz take care of yourself sweetie
I love youuuuuuu
good eve
Yes of course Arsenal
aww 11am.. you?? (*crossed fingers*) sana parehas hahaah
India's most good-looking man is now taken by India's most good-looking woman
Congratulations though
My galleon finished
London J-1
nay
His smile is sweeter than sugar
thank you
Me and my clingy cat.
Goodevening
do you currently have a pay monthly SIM with us, Lee? >RG
See you there Sir, thanks for the advice though
Pure gold
So true
So happy
Happy - finally breaking the trend to hide n sharing happiness
Loads of
Thank youu
Stupenda
Iris.
in my line a dream is a good thing, maybe or would have been
Love you
Thank you so much for everything.
Take rest well and stay healthy
BACK TO TWITTER
Hi guys, its start now
Latest pic of With at sets!
I have my ig page bts_yooniverse If u like content like this u can follow me there
Seringa
thank you for the re-tweet.
I'm in with ripped and crop
Good morning Paul xxxx
I attend yoga classes at my gym, SportCity Waterlooplein. But thinking of joining Delight Yoga next year!
love you too angel, have a fun time back at home and rest whenever you can!
thank you Steven! have a superb sunday too
Please DM us your username so we can look into this for you
Didn't realise you lived so close to me! Coffee sometime?
Tatsdown Dagupan! Thank you Lord for our safe trip! feeling happy & thankful
& here look like & in a few decades to come!
Hullooooooo and yes!
Thinking about a change of career?
Look no further...
We are looking for drivers for our busy circuit! Our
Another memory to be treasured
I saw leysam and meng's interaction there. Nice.
Madrugando en Cdmx
We have beautiful jacarandas in Johannesburg too Have a beautiful Sunday. This is my front gate
Aww lovely wee pic morning rach have a lovely Sunday x
Si no sabes twittear pa' que te metes.
Then I went CPT with my bestie to celebrate my good health
Sergio is Argentinian
Free entrance!
Please read some instructions and schedule on the pictures below: at Fishyalan
I forgot this one ... I just heard on the radio this morning UB40 + Chrissie Hynde singing "I Got You Babe".
So beautiful. . .
Alhamdulillah. I love you more SeokJin-ssi take care and rest more okay
I have the new 4k restored limited edition on pre-order
happy birthday kikoooo!!! God bless!
Eees luverly Tills!
Awwwww Bless. Hope You Feel Better Soon!
and Thank You!
'Ghost!'
Throwback NanoTale
Watch for NanoTales every Wednesday and Sunday.
.
P.S: Order TSS only for INR
If u pass your res n looking for agencies to join, join us, join me
Hey Izzy - I can find out if this is a current item for you if you can DM us your email
there! wait
-19
-
-
I MADE IT! From Bang Phili - Phloem Chit - Siam and vice versa by bus and BTS yey! getting used to this
I love this song so much
So, Deepika & Ranveer announce wedding dates as 14th & 15th Nov 2018. Wish you a blessed & happy life
Good morning
Right from the main source
Eheh this is me failing at reading dates, sorry! It's the one on the 11th of December
Done
congratulations on your great victory
I cherish comfortable above anything
Yeah STILL crushing
Happy Watching
Watch is a Verb with Gia Humber by on
Says a 10 thank you bbz
Thank you lovely
Nice
Muy bonita la foto.
Wedding fayre ready
Thank you!
Yes you should see it and maybe get inspiration or anything
Hello^^ please check your email if you received it now
is anyone looking for an undated journal? pls buy my extra.....
Were all in this together!
Foto
Yasss!! wait
Check out the album everyone! Love? By MattR just dropped
Follow back me Thanks kang
Hello^^ please check your email if you received it now
Thank you, pleasure to meet you too
Summer is coming so soon, 23c with clear sky and super sunny day. Lovely Queenstown ohhhh no filter
Champions league trophy
Happy Sunday
Guten Morgen
here
Hello^^ please check your email if you received it now
your cam? Samsung NX3300
Camella Calamba Update
Invest a Camella Project in Calamba as low as 1.1M only! Price computations posted.
& she did
Finaly He Getting Date Be Carefull Bro...
Some great idioms here
Might have to do this. You can kick it off with a postcard soon
It's not Doug
That did raise a smile
two assesment done! one to go
Changing make me feel delectation
Oo ano g? Your Treat
Cute niyo together.
GANDA NG SAYAW NG SA HARAP
Girl, please drop the skin care routine. We all want to flourish
Eeeee, thank you!
Hello^^ please check your email if you received it now
Merci Laurence joli dimanche
Oo ano g? Your Treat
Yep. Was typing that our in my next tweet as ran out of characters in my previous one. The tag line was truly epic
Hello^^ please check your email if you received it now
Thank you so much
she's glowing with happiness
Thank you
Well done guys
Much friendlier too
Excited ako mag milk tea with beshywap
I dunno I think it's cute. Let's just remember the era they were birthed you know, I never
He will provide.
Best wishes with you
Hello^^ please check your email if you received it now
Oo nga SA color Ng damit ni Alden ADN scholars Sia. si Maine ang head nila
November 10th girl
Hello^^ please check your email if you received it now
Thank you
Never hear my setter utter a cross word, David.
Hi you really deserve happiness. Don't hesitate to approach me kapag kailangan mo ng kausap hehe.
Did pretty well on the shiny Beldum hunt this morning. Not bad for an hour's walk
Hello^^ please check your email if you received it now
Toi aussi !!
leaf portrait
No matter wat I thru still happy
Aww so lovely
can't wait for the new video
Hello^^ please check your email if you received it now
Thanks Ate Kim! To God be all the Glory!
Brunch goals This is no ordinary brunch though, oh no, this is a vegan friendly one too!
Nice to meet as well!
Binance has the highest trading volume on any exchanges
Click here:
$NANO
What a well timed tweet, I have...had an audible credit
Dinner too
Walking the dog works best. Canine therapy
as promised, here are some pictures taken on the EOS M50
Aaaaand we got to see this beautiful sunset!
Kindly pls react sa mismong picture po thank you and god bless
Me too
Good morning tweeters
I pray my wife to be knows the importance of a dry hair. I won't mind helping her out with the drying.
great Always knew there were connections, now how to treat the condition so no more lives are
Thank you Carol, but it made me stronger in the end Have a lovely Sunday xx
Bunlara bi bak istersen
Partner and I are looking for housemates (preferably magbest friends or a couple) here in Makati. DM me for details of the house. Thanks.
Life and its setting
and its term seem to
me too short and tight
for my love.
thats my ringtone ..
Yes it was great it felt like I was playing with long-time friends!
ayieeeeee! u know how much we Love u Mamsh, always be at your back thru thick and thin
Having true genuine friends that are positive energy for you and your life is the best I'm so thankful for mine
*Garri...
Garri dey good inside Sack.
What a from
This is what we call Friendship Brotherhood and Family..
Sweet couple .. Zindabaaaaaad
Lala jaan PAIENDABAAAD.
Love u lala.
Hot mistress Veronica Avluv gets fucked and facialized
Coming
wait
You're a rock star, even before your 1st selfie!
Which is the truth
[IDM] PO BT21 Keyring Holder
IDR 35,000
PO reguler setiap Jumat
Morning Twitter Sunday, ehate doing today, just enjoy yourself
I was away for a week. Again
follow me cgat by dm
Work today then off for 9 days
Yes I have a real life too
Is it? I didnt know. Haha.
God seriously.... the whole Diwali vacation we spent for trending.
Happy Sunday, people!!!
happy 3 yrs in heaven nay!
Looking good Gail
Happy birthday Katie
Same with ours....I just Lagos is on
Know your worth
This is first ever I am in someone's header. But the most important thing is your effort to make it precious
my birthday tomorrow, I have asked for tickets for your show!
Please stay no matter what, hu?
04
Tonight since tomorrow will be start for ticketing if im not mistaken
Done
Ask me anything!!
Rab ne bana di Jodi
Oh thank you
Can't wait
So I should calm down right?
na . Nabobored ako
love this brings back memories
All writers are eligible, but only previously unpublished stories
Even including the Dutch yes
Do you and your brother have the same parents? we have the same mum, different Dad
A happy and prosperous life for both of you and stay happy and blessed
I love that outfit! Where are your trousers from?
I love that GIF Paul I hope you have a lovely time at your mum's today xxxx
Okay, in the span of an hour my whole day has been rearranged *but* this is perfect! I can get some reading done
Thank you
same here! good luck!
The title of this article should be the Guardians new Moto
i'll reply in dm
Thank you..... I have no more questions!
Happy Sunday
The Village
Maybe another time! You never know Thank u for wanting to say thank u
Follow her
She is gem
Bestest personnn
Interactive
Tweeetz lit
Fb bhi de ge
The Village - Part 2
Regarding to that remains to be seen McLaren started with their new engine
See you soon
She's soooo pretty
The Village Part 3
One Of The First Experiences That Proved That She Is Advanced
Haha thanks v much Steve
Definitely business as usual
The search is over!
I can picture this scene in my mind
Oliver is talking with Stanley while trying to figure out how to track
Mi fai screen, non me lo apre ...
Dito na, oo o hindi lang tas first letter Hahahah ay di secret
Finished & passed my Administrator Fundamentals course today
Nebligsonnig.
I am so happy you uploaded Oppa
new stock
will up tomorrow
Happy Saturday to everyone
Using mixins to make our media queries saves us a lot of time! After we create a
Best sunday morning, on the couch, under a dubet with Dawn-louise watching some telly
My pleasure bhnaa....
Omegee, thank you so much
Thank you for starting this petition. Signed & shared on
Right back atcha.
It will be look more nice if you wearing spect
hi po miss
Hi
Cracking rainbow in this morning
We live near a farm but luckily tracked down the farm with a missing stray sheep
October 7, 2018
Atagawa Seaside Hotel Part 1
For 2 days and 1 night, we stayed at this hotel to enjoy the
However there are some items that carry a sentimental value
TREM- The Redeemed Evangelical Mission
I hope you're doing great and is having a good rest bubs take care!
Jinne
Are you okay now ??
Take care of your health
Rest well
Be Happy : )
HELLOOOOOO PHILIPPIIIINNNEEESSS HELLLLLOOOO WWWOOOORLLLDDD
so happy I get to expience anxiety every night as I try to sleep.
Amazing
Binance has the highest trading volume on any exchanges
Click here:
$NANO
When you cannot sleep and hungry. Make pizza rolls
Done
Mothers boy
subscribed bro
pleasure my dear
Anytime hun
No matter wat I go thru still happy
SPM is coming soon
I'll assume you are doing good
We both work and study also travel. So far so good
Size 10, please
Attack
They look good together
Keen to see your lipstick in person again!
thanks for the follow
just contact countdown@channel4.com
thanks very much for sharing my book tweet
Moin moin!
Congratulations! That is amazing
Hi, for a list of all the places to grab a bite go to Hope this helps
Yung legacy ng AlDub will continue and will forever be remembered because of ADN Scholars Napaka-special ng
Zara Holland is wishing you a great weekend (24 Photos)
Hi love, always remember that i love you! Cheer up! ayie, enx love
Looks great! Thanks for stopping by and visiting us! -Jonny
Good morning
Ok doke. On 15m at the moment it's seems open
Follow me on IG and I'll follow back
Yep. Tapos balik pa siya work after. Sweet.
OSU coaches better behave this week.
BEST SUPP ACTOR- Aaron Villaflor / BEST SUPP ACTRESS - Mary Joy Apostol
Sige hahahaha thankyouu
imwaiting for the official hd pixs
Merci
Hayat filtresiz
My pleasure! Was a fun show. Hope the double went well yesterday. Do come back soon!
Lool... U knw say our no even need luv portion
from genieleeart - Lazy sunday morning.
Lawless layer .
.
.
Who's near Novaliches?
Yapluka enfourner
You're welcome
Bitch what have you done?
Yes ty!!!!!
How time flies
welcome back, manic, it's been a while. i hope you stay long. just until i get better
Thanks for the kind words Linda! Glad you enjoyed
Morning sex at boyfie's
Full video:
That sounds positive.... xx
& for more Videos!
Wow! Looks epic...kinda reminds me of The Minnack Theatre Penzance...wonder where it Sunday
Off private
No! My father's
76. Tapusin 'yong Block and post it on Wattpad.
Block all negativity
Thank you guys miss ko na team..
Beautiful badasses in (and out of) uniform (40 Photos)
It's a mad, mad world.
Here are some examples. The guitar picks cannot have someone else's logo or design on it of course.
Right back at you Mister xx
Flying Omelets in Famous
forget to subscribe my channel
Pahinga lang kailangan mo Get well
Great stuff
Not afraid. Kirito alive and Asuna be watched for him
heather_kudron Wonderful. Thanks for sharing - NFA
Even though we're fighting we still love each other that's what makes us stronger
Labyu tisoy!
Me too
Taking my sons
It occurred to me that there might be
He is going to be one spoilt pooch
Just pleased to thought of To say thank you, here are some pictures of who died
Awww Happy first date anniversary to you both.
Grade 10 Kagaguhan rather
Done
Thank you so much, we all learn from our leaders and mentors at CCI ! Thank you
My pleasure! Thank you for writing such an interesting thought provoking book
Daily Special: 1/2 Price Dundee Knives - Save -
We need 200k signature so please sign in it doesn't take long to just sign in
Ah, I needed that!
Yes I am working on the recipe
I would like to help
Yeaheeee! Rest well now Thankyou for all your hardworks
Reserve a similar tweet for Paripoornand standing against Owaisi
I hope you checked the spelling cos going in! Oh and well done
Happy birthday for before yesterday i hope you had an amazing day
Congrats junior, one day seniority isn't easy.
\
Mandir
/| /
\|
______|
/
|
_|
\
Wohin
Makannn UBATTTTTTTTT
Gws
Thank you to your good birthday
You are very welcome Irene..
jikook happened
sorry baby
Definitely! Super interested in your research - keep me in the loop
Lol agreed Angie
Hope you get it sorted
So beautiful smile and the rest of you is matching the smile perfect
So proud of you
Merci
simpleng on the right, walk on the hindi magawa
karume,,
Peace be with you. (@ Our Lady of Sorrows Parish Church in City of San Fernando, Central Luzon)
Yea sure
But m in school now and m stranded
You're too kind I think on today's list I'm gonna see if I can paint some
iloveyou still, i always will
Happy to see former classmates become official candidates of Mutya it Kalibo Atiatihan 2019
Grave !
Thanks everyone for all the best wishes Just got back home. Very tired.
Thanks Iron woman!! yes well happy
Now I'm just selling items, soon I will be a brand owner who knows ! So dream big and higher . Will go higher !
Please seokjin rest well Don't you dare get sick again!!! Take care of your health always my worldwide handsome
Same here sim
You r best
Yes. Danah already posted some IG stories from yesterday. Giving all the clues that they're in BKK
Look forward to meeting you soon! Have a lovely holiday
"RT Sher_Bear783: Ooh, and a few more I really like a whole lot! Now that ooddd Twitter with
please share.
whenever i feel down, i reminisce the things i went through to remind me of where i am today because of yesterday. i hope this will help u
Wow- tla felelletsa
POINT IS!!!!! fckn play w me i ALWAYS win, we both know this.
Rest well IYOU
I was feeding the dog
Jgh
Just complete for HQ - it only takes 2mins.
Lol!
Oasis
welcome!
My heart has never been filled with such a gentle joy
bon dia! hoy he dormido mucho, te hice caso.
"but u have to forget her now, she's now a married woman"
I know.. but it still saddens me. I'm a cheesecake purist
I guess I have nothing to lose if I get chucked off!
Thanks for replying though
YOU DID GREAT Thank you for everything!
Rest well & take care
Capitalism =
Communism =
happy birthday!
Enjoy
Can i be friends with u po?? Sure dm me
If you're in Abuja, trust me you don't want to miss the movement on
Save the date, it's going to
thanks for such a fun show, it was so awesome meeting you and talking about HP and Pokemon
Ikaw namin mo? Yiiiieeee
thanks
ARMY who are want to join the ws group, please dm me your number
just ordered some raw lashes wait till they get here
Sunset on Sunday Knights Bridge Condominium Bearing 6
Yes please
I so miss bacon sandwiches. have one for me please
Welp... Joon's smart enough to figure out how to get us out. Jiminie and I will just do our best to help.
Thank you
Safeguarding my attitude one sweater dress at a time I need to do some shopping
thanks
Why are you wasting your time?? They worth it.. laugh at them and ignore
Mine databaser
live updates of course throughout the week on Market Day at 0900 + biz bulletins across the daytime schedule
Aquarius girls got the best kitty don't argue with me
Translate please
Fadanvis ji doing good work for state! & madam as usual camera Concious face
Bujrum kod mene kad god, you know that already
Busog. Thank you Lord!
NOMINATE YOUR FAVOURITE
MALE ACTOR
for MALE LEAGUE
exclusive
Thankyou sa treat K
Than you so much
I'll share you 25% dowry with you
Changing make me feel nausea
thanks
Thank you!
Sabrina Lynn is that dangerous type of cute (29 Photos)
thank you everyone
I would like to know your fucking appstore hack...
weekly billing masked for a kid app. Tons
I think I make a good nurse
Okay. leaving now. She has left already sef
stressedt pero worth it
Made it to 70k
I know who has the ring
SOS MUY HERMOSO SEOKJIN
Congratulations wishing you both lots of happiness
pls pls pls vote (even if a nah bye) so that ik if we should start one
been awake since 12 just gonna go ahead and do my makeup
We LOVE your paintings!! fab as greetings cards
funny how she looks like the person on ur AVI
Go Go NCTzens! We can do better. Stream and Download! We all really want to see NCT 127's happy faces after
You are welcome.
Not at all, you look happy
Noice
Happy birthday! have a great day
No matter how stressed you are,
Remember how blessed you are.
Quit crazy trying to get Shea riled up!
(Ovenbreak) Translation!
It's getting colder!
How about a hot cup of cocoa with me?
But where am I now?
He just posted this oh!
*nociplastic* not neuroplastic
poder! so, dont play with me Babe. I got lot of powers
Appreciate yourself and be proud of what you have done
Some request to make a group ws, you can dm me your number
Bakit kayo nag break? Secret na malupet HAHAHA it was a mutual decision tho
Some request to make a group ws, you can dm me your number
Than you so much
I'll share 25% dowry with you
Helping you heal your heart
Let me make up our bed so we can sleep.
A boy called me fat yesterday. life great
You bring a smile to my face
Yay, thank you! Hoping it'll be a regular on the menu.
tuf 2 make u mah friend if u write lyk dis!
Sorry Doug, autocorrect
Some request to make a group ws, you can dm me your number
Off to church.
Failed attempts still count, if memory serves.
Hi. I have extra YJ lyric card
Saving is important but so is spending too on the things that are vital.
this is sooooo lovely
Well, thank you for thanking me!
Thank you You did so well. We are so proud of you. Pls have a safe flight back home. I love you, my seokjinnie
Hello. Can you please give a link of that documentary?. Than you so much!
Blessed
We gotchu both, always!
papixure_ne
It's good Doug
And You deserve it
Sunday well spent! Dumaguete City
I'm excellent, thanks Kat! Hope you are too
kalau free do luah what u feel to me okay
,,, Gorgeous
I should've flexed the boots, but you'll see next weekend
Good evening
Passed, passed, passed, passed and passed! Thank You!!
I'm so happy. Not because 2nd degree ko, pero pinassa ko
oo naman noh sana soon magmeet scheds natin nila alex..
Thank you
so happy back Eugene, wait to listen to the new record!
bicol!
Recovery is coming along nicely.
None of them..
wanna one finsished performing
Cr.chamwink
My gifts that you were kind to give me especially the cute keyrings
you should never beg someone to love u, true love comes naturally, never forced.
That's fantastic! What a great book to be inspired by And a great drawing Evie. Well done!
These Sunday mornings
Light:
: Roermond
many thanks for following!
Done goodluck too
what a surprise Common crossing downtown Wish you a safe trip!
You Are Right, why I deleted it. Just had a very good day yesterday
Just sent my boys food shopping.. any change!? Doubt it.
push the boat out and do both
you cute
Exciting times
Congratulations
Best News of the Day
Stay Blessed
You don't wanna miss this one
Save the date, it's going to be a rave for
Wanna play?
She is resisting temptation
visit Philippines too! i really want to meet you both
thanks for following Anna!
Happy for him...
Aww, thanks We're really good thanks pal, how about you?
naks supportive
Hey girl! Thank you for your interest, hope doing well yeah For now this tix is reserved
hello there! yes , reservations would be $1 each non-refundable.
Note to self.
She ain't messing around
Tug of war with a soft rope, smallies love to hold on to their end
know the difference between my and
Happy mochi
Yes please, speed up the proces.
Nice Speech Keep Rock
RT Sher_Bear783: Ooh, and a few more I really like a whole lot! Now that ooddd Twitter with my
I vote for Splash! But whichever song you choose, it will be amazing
This week has been fucken great!!
Richarlson
My mum told me she bumped into you yesterday! Hope you are all well cc
Kill me with this smile
Bogumfeel
Excellent news! Congratulations!
Just makes me smile ! Xxx grandkids are a wonderful gift.
Here's hoping Netflix won't screw this up.
Sorry, We can't. Maybe this November Busy lang si admin this October! Thank you
- On holiday in Estonia & saw this coffee shop & think of anyone we know
Just woke up. Slept for 10 hours
Lilinawin ko lang
Please be safe as well
Wash the phone and see
thank you so much and congratulations!!!
You'll love it! Join us!
Good Morning Sunshine I didn't see You There Shining over the English Channel in Brighton and Hove South
Change name from Bett too
Thank u
Same here
Goodmorning
Al final hemos quedado primeros en el rally GG EZ
Customer isn't king but customer is partner
Hey, by announcing the issue and talking to the community, you guys are ok in my book, best devs in my book, keep it up
Adopted him today from his owner...9 year old dog
Sen Varya Bitanesin Bro Gratis ten Ne istersen al
Thank youu jh!! God bless u too
Good Morning
Might go play some BO4
181020
Of course starting my morning with a nice big breakfast and some yummy coffee then I have my nephews first
Hi Jackie, the 15th December matinee. Are you going?
Ahhh :(( its okayy then
proud of you positivity is the best way to live.
Yunno thank you
Merci beaucoup
Thank u
I really did i just fell asleep before i had the chance to greet you and hope you a good day today !
With pleasure dear
I love you
Wow TAJ return to DEL Taj East Gate Road Agra
Yep!
Well that's Sunday off to a great start
papixure_ne IG post
Awwww.. That's why I Love this fandom ilysm ADN
Little bit of drill work
RT if you support Romil
Why daniel looks so baby today
Chopper
Want to have a good career in Be like Mikko.
"I joined Konecranes in 2001 as an IT
I've always been fascinated by film photography. Finally bought a disposable cam for starters. Will see how it goes next week! Excited
Not every hero wears a cape.
Where is that? We are heading out for a bimble the morra..... take some pics to wet my appetite
New project
pls pls pls vote (even if a nah bye) so that ik if we should start one and help RT if you mind as
It was so riiiight to go to church today and feel His warmth
You can eat as much as you wish
I love it we young not soft
C- Hieeee! Hope to be close with you!
Little bit of drill work
it must be so satisfying to see it in action. You should be really proud of this wish i knew how to make it
A ti, por ser tan maravillosa
Thanks po ypu can also check their videos po sa YT and follow then sa ig
you should never beg someone to love u, true love comes naturally, it is not forced.
+1
Thanks for the info
Mutual appreciation society
Thanks!
Through a mutual friend
Waiting for my therapist. Its my first time here.
Bribe me and lemme see what I can do for you.
ARMY who are vote for 'add me' can dm me your number as some request to make a ws group
Lets fangirl there
Genuinely happy
Fank mew vely much I try to be gud but I getz vely excited
Love it
Best sound I've ever heard
Thank you Angie
It works better than before.....
Speak for yourself only.
Awtsu hihi queri lang sis. Happy belated birthday
Oppa....................................annyeonghaseo
Mianhe
been a while that I had such a good day like today
I love it we young not soft
When you have his phone and you can put him on blast but I
Chardonnay Thamson
In my element at the museum
Thanks for coming Carrie. Glad you enjoyed the shows!
Lunch time on the last day in Kukup.
Thank you Anne Marie and Alex
Godici Italian restaurant in Rockville center
Thanks for 3,000 Follower!
Thank you so much
Best perfect beautiful woman is Beshine good morning best Perfect
Hello baby boy
but loved it more when he gives me nickname
Yess!! Same highway lang sila
Amazing morning for a sea swim
Chim
Some request to make a group ws, you can dm me your number
Congratulations! Wonderfully marvellous
wait
Wala po.
Plant-based food! Fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, grains and legumes I post a lot of food pics
Jgh
Where did u "heared" that??
Hi Maria, please fill in our form here: and our team will look into this. ^Bella
Pop us a DM and we'll look into this for you
Wala po.
Almost time to say goodbye
Lots of shouting and cheering going on Edith!and the sun Came out too!
its pure bliss
Prints are up now!
the brightest student in my class.. I felt this way, many many times. Will do you favor
Hahaha!Enjoy yourself for now
Yang ini?
Oh Iya, mau lewat shopee apa gimana ya?
tell you all about it when I next see you!
Happy Sunday! Thank you Lord.
Sis love it!! wait for my next time
Thank you Angie
Happy Birthday Ms. Liv
There we go his comment on Brexit
Lovely Weather in October. Time For Selfie London, United Kingdom
Oo! I don't know that one Wendy. I've just been having a read on the Lush app... Sounds right up my street
Great . You really get to the heart of the paddock! Showing us around.
Aww awesome! My mom was here for a week! Ugh miss my family! Tell your mom I said hi
Can I get a mamazala like this one
Sound catch yah later
I deserve to date someone in the same finacial status as me or better
awesome! Congratulations! Just found your Twitter! Hope you and Izzy are doing great!
Iyaaa Shal, soalnya Andrew lipstick remover gue.
Rewatching Code Geass and I'm still mesmerized by Lelouch after all these years
Any takers for this?? Who among you are tripe lovers (I'm not!!).
Final stretch. Give us a call! 1300 737 507
good morning
nabasa ko na to and already met the author last elyxion... ganda neto.. thank you Fae!!!
So well said!
My traffic delight
Better than yesterday
Happy Birthday
Thank you
Thanks tchai
Thank you bro
All the very best . . .
I was really down these past few days, I'll try to light-up my mood by saying....
PISNGIIII KAYO DIYAN!!!!
Thank you Everything arrived fast and in perfect condition. I've already wore them and
Pazar olunca
SHUBHO BIJAYA r Preeti O Shubhechha
How do we enter
Ah fantastic!
so pleased you had a great time!
a pleasure. Thank you so much
found these ones
Nah you deserve it Enjoy, fam!
thanks for sharing. my camera phone just didn't work. but I have the memories.
wednesday or thursday depende sa bigat ng gawain
If you wanna see my experience, check out my vlog!
Hi
You so handsome boy
Can you bless me for my birthday? 5555 If not is OK.
Your welcome
Great! He has really found his sense of humour. If I could only stop him climbing on everything ...
Chinachat kita
Biraz
Bon dimanche mes loulous
You've made my morning! Thank you....sincerely!
Weekend swimming routine accomplished. 2k in 1h.
My prize is a venti sized matcha latte and flatbread. It's a good day.
time for your letter to go in Esther
If travelling during the summer as well to Korea then let me know
time for your letter to go in Esther
I'm happy, I'm in a good place. I'm looking forward for my next trip. The Venetian Macau
Haha hope!!! see you in rep room and we can discuss together
Do you write poetry too?
face swap w/
Everythings gonna be alright
Aww thank you!
gd spotting
Feel free to ask this time
Please note that we are closing at 3.30pm today for an Exclusive Hire function
Lumayan, Perfumer dapat kostum baru
nudebabesndexywomen: dazza2709: seamlesspantyhose4u: Mmm looks tasty...
November 15 po but possible pa pong mamove until nov. 20
Oh bloody 'ell....cute as a button
This is a great point and a good reason to have a good written confession.
I would take your hand in marriage
Omg I wish this was the real one who else would love to see this?
Jk I actually think this has been the best birthday I've ever had got a lot of lovely people to thank for
Lovely evening
I watched The Shop Around the Corner because I read that You've Got Mail was based on it
Idiots you can vote in, or out, of Parliament.
Have a Sinful Sunday , Twitterpals
from mr.cocomartin - -
Great show Simon Been in the garden picking apples
Everything happens for a reason
Thank you Still tomorrow lol
That sounds very familiar!
That's a nice view
Same here! And both in NC now
Mutual appreciation society Your trailer is really strong. Look forward to seeing the film.
Tight dresses are an appropriate look for fight night (45 Photos)
They doooo! Such cute pajamies
Advance birthday treat
Nothing better than a Sunday drive
Something that can still happen in Europe also
You're still on the podium though.
Good friends are hard to find,
difficult to leave, impossible to forget..
Good Morning
God bless you ading
Humans are everywhere but not humanity
Sometimes it's better to be real & than &
No, not my first time, she says I'm "coming along nicely" in my training, loving every minute
Skin head
Happy birthday, Sam Vokes!
From all your friends at BFCitC
Thanks so much for the lovely mention So far helped 30,000 young women in the UK
To build, or not to build: that is the question.
LEGO store in Leicester Square, London.
Do you have separate twitters? I mean, 1 irl and this one? - just a curious anon Yes I have
Food is life.
This tweet, "RT Lumbre_61: 181020
hasn't
You're welcome paps!
Puto cheese with
hndi ordinaryong puto na walang lasa like others gahaha with special recipe to!
25pcs
I believe you mean
Thank you I love it!
it was a dress by Aussie designer Veronica Maine. current season, so try their website for stockists. Hope she likes it!
Sorry maybe wrong ingolf
always wanted to do this. Please may I have your tips?
I had to do the King
Practice lang Unreleased (Mahirap na)
ADN loves you and Maine so much!
All American is a GREAT series too
So cute. What kind of dog? Any idea?
Ta no idea how long it will last in the extensions... its only a semi...
Happy from Close by, our plant manufactures a variety of thermoplastic joining
Pinterest Obsessed? Find and follow me there designfolly for deliciousness
welcome
Happiness can be found if you look at the world with a positive attitude!
I been happy to have your help.
Ouh sorry i thought its another person talk about you. Yeah thanks for the link I'll sure check your channel later
Btw Good morning hehe have a nice day thank you, good morning in advance haha para yan saaga hahaha
You're welcome! I'm glad they help
Wow! We have hit 2000 followers on Twitter!
Thank you
Aw thanks lovely
I worry just my lighting up like bonfire night
that shower was lovely
All right, you did not know, you do not have to apologize
Kookies case uwu
Mood all the time, except I'm 16 and can't drive yet
Yuk berhasanah
35yrs on route now
nudebabesndexywomen: toesandsolescouple: - Hello followers ! Today a legs & ass tease. it look...
I won't
Isn't the world a nicer place when that's how we talk to each other? You go ahead and enjoy it Petal
got a beautiful reflection
Waiting for instructions to take a seat
Sundays
Not only the fact that he sang in Spanish
He juggled two languages effortlessly
So smooth
Rahul Gandhi & Mandir both are opposite things ... Whole country knows
Happy birthday Enjoy your day and may God bless you always!
Congrats So happy for you
Thank you so much for the assistance
waiting for skids pic with Junho
Please check your DMs.
Thank you so much for the assistance
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.
Some beautiful pieces of bought today
Thanks mate! Sure looks like be a cracker!
Take another breathe and try again
.
.
.
kike.nieto
Good afternoon everyone
Finishing work and getting back into bed lazy Sunday
New world new backsound! love it!
Amen Ya Rabi, thank you
I understand that mate, just thinking of extra sources of income for you
Thank you so much
Hence the croissants to go with the late breakfast.
aw thank you
Cold? A bit of what you fancy does you good...
Thanks
TYSM
HOLED - Jynx Maze big booty takes a healthy anal creampie
I Have Extra " Fan Passes " , If Anyone Want DM me
Yes i really enjoyed it
Evwn if you find no reason just stay
God bless u
You guys are too good, ya know your challenges!
It truly was!
Yeay, Im so proud of you.
As always.
Lanjutkan
Thats very true Lisa they are a pleasure to watch and you think they are going to score everytime we go forward
Shall ask in club this week
Do I deserve to be happy? Lahat tayo deserve sumaya, cheer up
I wonder if my Spanish friend Pablo would be proud of me. Maybe I'll need to send him a pic...
Kch bhi nh.
A Day Before Us
he doesn't think, he knows
For The Longest Time (Billy Joel) - Barbershop Quartet REACTION: xx
To compensate imma have coffee and pancakes
Today is the day, not long now until the kids find out what there magical day out is feeling excited
uwu cutie bby's
Answering DMs, reply here with your favourite colour and I'll answer your DM first (Also Jonah stop replying to the same DMs as me)
-May
Had afternoon tea at Cafe Rouge yesterday - look who I happened upon on the wall Cafe Rouge
I hope you wished for a new back when you blew out the birthday candles
Anyone lost their Santander card?
Contact Paul if you have
You are just beautiful
Thanks for following me back.
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Everything starts with a pixel!
.
.
.
Amazing huh
9 Minute Sunset at his local bridge. Daytime long exposures are some of his
Wonderful to read Well done Gerard and all involved in supporting ninjas in your Dojo in
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
Cocok nih Jan ethes jadi Banser CC.
Thank you bro!
I know some of my mutuals got annoyed for all my spams sorryyyy I'm just hype for
I'm sure it would... I've made a note
Thank you
They met each other while filming "I am your king"
gone out to get some fresh air
Jgh from church
papixure_ne IG post
Maine with ADN Scholars
See you guys on the 3rd!
This is what you call, bouncing baby girl.
Good evening!
Happy birthday Have a wonderful birthday your such an inspiration
go talk behind my back
Sunday Surprise Video First Time Audience Di Farmish Te Pesh Hai Ji Song Video Like Comment Share Support
Time to mop your brow with a handkerchief!
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Thank you very much for your support
Good Morning Pete Happy Sunday my friend! Sunny, windy and cold here too! Winter was fun, is it
Enjoy it. And I hope that you have a nice week since tomorrow Monday right there. Good Luck!!!...
Oh excellent!! take a peek later on. Thanks for that James!!
Enjoy
Interesting read re ACP developments. Thanks for sharing
Haku from Spirited Away!
It took me a while to figure out the composition for this one, but I like the result
oh alam nyo na Boyish sya pero hndi sya Tomboy
Teen Cumslut Gets 6 Loads All in her Mouth.
I
Thanks Jo!
Ainsss ven
Im already taken
Lisk $LSK price: $2.93
We verified that Binance is accepting new users!
Thanks for including me!
Put yourself first no matter what
too tired to be with me
1+
You do know I loves a gif
hope your good mate
Back to work today!! My flightmates on PR896TPE/KIX - AHEAD.
Ikaw** rather
Happy 1st.
I still have my PS2 as well I like stuff like Tomb Raider and Saints Row, but also smaller indie
You just feel unlove. You're welcome. Okay lang yan cheer up tayo ha
I really love this. Specially Mimi's bridge part. Hehe
Iske 50 account hai
thank you!
Nasa booth ng ADNSD
SUNFLOWER KAIN TAYO
SANA PUMUNTA C KY DTO SA TABLE NAMIN
PAPICTURE KY
Holy crap, done guys
I danced around my room for the first time in over a year... something must be looking up
GIVEAWAY PULSA
KARENA HARI INI AKU ULTAH AKU MAU ADAIIN GA PULSA SEBESAR 50K BUAT SATU ORANG AJA YA
CUKUP
That would do
Looking worse before it gets better! All the kitchen units delivered and currently taking up half the room
Me too
We have to march we already won the vote
i hope you are happy trashing others for a living
My little sisters name is Valkyrie
Preppy Sundays with my Audrianna! Wearing matthewsph Nicolas flats from the Mom and Me collection! Check them
3rd highest mountain in the Philippines.
THANK YOU LORD SA NAPAKAGANDANG BUNDOK NA ITO. NGITING KINIKILIG.
Preppy Sundays with my Audrianna! Wearing matthewsph Nicolas flats from the Mom and Me collection! Check them
++
Full post:
OR DM ME FOR MORE INFO!
It was a pleasure to chat to Tony
Preppy Sundays with my Audrianna! Wearing matthewsph Nicolas flats from the Mom and Me collection! Check them
As in thanks rhea!
Mondays are
Fridays are
A glorious day to explore
here to help
Here are the photos from this morning! Mhe-an Belga Redge Catane Kyrie
Yup, I got addicted to it before, collected picture cards, recorded some episodes.
your welcome. Your a great writer.
One last push
creations
You're Welcome bessy ko ingat ka palagi and be happy always! Miss you drei
Space Apps - Day 2 - work, work, work feeling inspired at Kuca Plamena Mira
This young lady was something else Just check out her moves while singing with during our
Home
Agreed
Don't let anyone destroy your good mood
Suguhane koq yo podo....., minus khonghuan ae
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Stunning went there when I was a teenager and loved it always wanted to go back enjoy it lovely and relax xx
You're welcome
Ah so cute when you're puffy
that a nice doggo
Thanks a lot
ive watched it kanina bebe boy. congrats best actress si iya minah at supporting si aron. and
Jgh
HEWOO!! DUN SA BABAE SA NIKE STORE HEHEHEHE HEWOOO FELLOW ARMY!!!
Happy Julia and Terri Day!
The day Reegan really defeated his Dad..
A day to remember..
It's his third running in and
It's called Place House
Congrats you both! Made for each other and
Hey all, my link is
Thanks for being so sweet and lovely Who wanna be in your room?
never try make people you loves walked away from you
Thank you Annie nite nite
right
Love it when a plan comes together
Beer always tastes better after a W great 27-29 win away yesterday
Claim it and it will be yours
Tasty Thanksgiving tugs to get you through the holiday week (45 Photos)
Hehe thanks. Comeback nila sa November 6. Please support! Thank you!
Oh good! Glad you made it haha. Ugh how did so many mosquitoes end up inside?
Love Me Right is the Bop of my Life.
Yieeee. Opo thank you sa concern
Lol awe ine I buy double the food I need for the month just in case my pay is late. I don't play when it comes to my food
corny mo hahaha see u tom
No it seems to have sorted itself out! Thank you for checking though
it makes me smile
Thank you and Happy Sunday to you too. Hope you are having a gorgeous Sunday Roast today
Welcome back, we missed you
Thanks for posting this... I'm just like you...
Poyy
Is this u
You too!
Here to help
RT TNHoffl: I Have Extra " Fan Passes " , If Anyone Want DM me
Maine's IG Story
The baby elephant can sleep on one side and giraffe can sleep on the other and I can sleep on the floor
hello ate
waiting for eng sub clips of
Tunnocks Caramel Wafers
No I
Thank you so much!!
Thanks for the follow I hope you enjoy my sharings
10) My open-mindedness
thank you so much sir for worthy compliments
in 40meters yesterday dipole in V from Mar del Plata Japan QSO
indo fofo
Letting go is the best medecine
For unfollow
Chicken Adobo for our dinner. What's yours?
Adela, have some tea.. talk about BLACKPINK..
Thank you my beshiesan hehe! Love din kita always san hahaha thank you for being supportive
R= Responsible
O= Obedient
M= Mature
I= Intelligent
L= Loyal
RT if you agree
Tes seins
Good fat/carbs...right?
Nice seeing you again
This is one of the perks of being an army
Soon to be Tito
Who wouldn't love you? Talk to them
Thank you
Keep moving on until you reach God's promise for you.
Endha app bro.. Editing nalla iruku
Thank you!
Eee, small world Are you on the same train? almost at Kings Cross.
Didn't fool me, my mum used to say if you can't afford to lose it don't lend it.
I've reapplies for Humanities and Social Sciences but have also applied for a course for Dental Nursing
Goodmorning
Wish I can join one of the alter meet-ups para makita si crush. Jk! Di para makagain din siyempre ng friends.
Cheers Cathy
City!!!!
I just remember the Yahoo mailing tapos nag try akong mag recover eh pwede naman pala eh
Jgf fr. Simbahan at perya hehe.
I'm listening here !
Mymind 'KW' is on Mixlr
All smiles at the PTA Pumpkin Patch!
cuppa and a
Want to buy a Thunderclash?
Oh yes! Tuck in
Off to LC5 w 3G Fam
I HAVE AN ONHAND KONBAT REPLICA FOR SALE
DM ME FOR MORE DETAILS
So glad you had fun tonight!
Remember we had the conversation some years ago?
Hello PF Southwest. I'm feeling a bit cut off and out of it at the moment so it's wonderful to connect
Hello~ i send it via email ^^ for items with second payment, will send it tonight together with second payment notice
Yes please.
You're welcome
You too!... Hope you both have a lovely day
Hi fan
WILL RE-OPEN THE PRE-ORDER FOR THESE GOODS AGAIN!!!
Stay tuned! :)
I'll say! Always have a hankie handy or one of those Kleenex mansize tissues.
(Very pleased to see
there's no stopping this guy!
Finally in real remeet and runs with
Enjoy
It so good for both children and adults Debbie made my Sunday
For that I want to make a bucketlist
Congratulations again, I'm glad it made your day! We look forward to your future tweets as well
I've reapplied for Humanities and Social Sciences but have also applied for a course for Dental Nursing
I need this soon! missing the days!
nag throwback ako somewhere, naalala ko na i deserve this year
Thank you dear friend...very nice to meet you today and thank you for kind words to me to
Just tell me when I can preorder on my Xbox
Nothing like good air to clear the every minute of it
yieeeee thank youuu leira!!!
Hahaha! willing to wait also afraid that I might ruin your masterpiece & I still have
Awww hope you're feeling better.
i do worry about constantly bringing it up but sometimes its really the only response
Thanks very much!
11) Chilling at home and watching movies with pizzas and sodas
Ooh
Umm.... okay maybe later lol
Dinner time!
Wish we could eat authentic Korean food everyday! Jalmukesumnida!
The song that made me stan them, tbh (it's all worth-it)
Let's eat~
Thanks for the chance
Yes. Tbh, your QUEENS are a total package. Their vocals and everything in between is something
itsmeehlala Hahaha! willing to wait also afraid that I might ruin your masterpiece & I still have 2
Goodluck g-11 for the 3 summative tests tomorrow. hahahaha
i saw the whole thing too yep you're AWESOME Haley you rock for a sonic oc!!!!
Any updates po sa third batch? Hello po! According po sa supplier namin, ishi-ship na po. We'll post po once
Yay. Nami 'The Beauty Inside'
By my favorite artist, Zeewi Park. Just click here for more
This is such a lovely idea!
Swifty
Hi Momma Swift
Good morning
Doomba + Come To Me dance(WIN ep. 10) on please..
Hi Jin!!! You've done a woderful/beautiful job on the tour Your voice was amazing every
Such a chilled Sunday
Grow up.
I love my sir. CJFM
Ichi, Ni, San Sumairu!
And I'm doing that only now
Congratulations
Student here and I need that, i know we all so good luck to all of us
Congratulations
ray facetimed me last night during Healthy omg i cant wait to see them tonight
Yes! Missed these poetry and mythology angles in my thread
we have our unique ways to relieve our stress, our happiness. last na ha? di nyo alam lahat ng pain ng
Have a safe flight my g
Ap nay block hona hai
Fantastic! I just took my British friend through Route 66
Why not follow our Instagram account. Great photos, average banter
Care for me na lang! kahit hindi yung the wait that i care for you
Happy na ako dun
My house
But you're not invited
Aminin aja dulu
Chicken Licken
...Dadaboy
Yeay baguss
Baby giiirrrl. I stay lusting through all the games.
Amazing
hello sfc Happy Birthday hope you enjoyed your day, mbtc and God bless
Ito sis.
just when i thought of my husband, she texted. what a connection
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
I've got files but I just need a and ndotaura zvese
Happy Birthday, hope you have a good one! xx
bahagia itu sederhana sup, nonton bola dengan wifi 5G
Dumela my friend
ikaw yung grade 9 ata na volleyball player ACP officer din ata. Cute, feel ko mabait din Gbu
Thank you
aww tez tak mysle, jak cos to hyeon__e_ na insta
See you there
It's edited only
aaa tysm francine
"RT Sher_Bear783: Ooh, and a few more I really like a whole lot! Now that ooddd Twitter with my
Swedish Olympian Sofia Mabergs will make you a fan of curling real fast (24 Photos)
from - Lazy sunday morning.
Lawless layer .
.
.
i am really shy but i would really love to talk to you and be friends ofc I would love to too dm me my dear
I watched the documentary on Europa 3. How dare you promote the truth.
Only on - stay with us on
Have an awesome Sunday everyone
Merci bon dimanche
Thanks you to live stream hello i'am Indonesia Wannable
Creative ka naman mams
Finally! Congratulations
Same question, when will it be shipped for first batch?
FINALLY!!
where are you!
Do your friends know this account? Yes, hahaa. I have irl who follows me.
nice to see you again guys. and see you again soon. San Roque Cathedral - Diocese of Kalookan
Family and friends time at Exchange Church this morning Northern Ireland
Pozitif
matt mentioning jessica
Get well soooon xiem
Kacute sa guard hehe
Lol yea and please permit me to send you a Dm
The correct way
Lovely
I love you both my queens
Hello there. Reading anything interesting that I could add to my evergrowing reading list?
pls check bio
credits to for this very touching and inspiring quote
ESSA DE ONTEM MESMO
BOM DIA
Awww hope you have a amazing time
then yay thx u
Ur welcome Sylvia. I'll share more
Np
We all need Jesus
of course thank you par
hey do you miss me already?
Windows 10 bien
No apology needed, you deserve a lie in! Have a great
Thank you so much to The Football Faculty who is another New Friend on Twitter! I hope you enjoy my Tweets
I love being called goofy by a nigga I like
Pretty innit
Thank you I hope you do too!! :D so exciting :D
YSH'nun yeni dizisinden
Yoo Seung Ho'nun instagram
ig@
Good afternoon Jane, you too
This is brilliant. Basically a simpler version of pandemic, but great for all ages!
Jetzt live auf
Schaut's vorbei
THANK U THANK U SO MUCH BY UR FRIENSHIP
be deaf use your ears listen
Just discovered this show a couple days ago, so great! Hope feeling better soon .
welcome
Sounds lovely
Hayooo biar apa ?
Salamat teyyy!
This made me happy
Pupunta akong school sa wed/thurs
This is old but gold what about implementing the delete with a .filter()?
Thanks mate
Echinafors
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA well sure it was fun to watch
Election k baad toh yeh log kahan puchne waale hain.
Election k time hi toh yaad krte hain
i actually know if the anon meant from 14 to 23 or just 14 and 23 so if you meant from 14 to 23 tell me answer them all gladly
Or because deep down he knows who fills the food bowl ? I always get that feeling with my 2!
Beautiful!
celebration to its bestnever seen this before...just awesome
Happy Sunday to you too Ajala.
Mainly that beautiful smile
JennyLove from Pornhublive Gets Fucked By 2 Different Dildos
Hi Andrew. Thank you so much for getting involved and raising awareness
Congrats and goodluck in semis dylan. Best of luck for all of you
Smile Sunday!
Be a blessing to others...smile!
Sige send ko sayo yung code and simulation table
Echinaforce
Hendes Instagram Story
Beautiful morning at
Aww thank you Angie, hope having a nice weekend
Weekends are always a good thing when you can sleep in!
Unless you have insomnia, then it kinda
aus London
Mina ngyavuma ngawe. And I've been seeing miracles on the TL this week hey
Happy Earpers!!! I hope you have an amazing and relaxing end to your week! I love
Anyhow some of y'all bitches on this app are mean asf and I wanna smack tf outta u
Indeed just worried about having enough time to make what I
hello! please follow the mechanics for your vote to be counted! thank you hehe
That seems to have done the trick! Thank you so much!
Congratulations to Ali! And many thanks for this article
It is an attempt at irony. I never waste a chance to vote no matter the outcome
It's Cosplay Time !
Do you who is Roronoa Zoro ?...He's my brother !
Watachi-wa Roronoa Kadaj !
The last Bangtan tv episode on YouTube
Stressed but happy
pour info j'ai juste 14ans
already changed it!!
the good thing about this is how customizable and editable it is
thank you
This solitary white rose as hung on for days now
Sunday morning grind before the cowboys game
I feel like you should have been given a front row seat on opening night for that
In other news you convinced me to cook a roast chicken
I blame you! All you can do is encourage him. If you push too often just rebel. really good
These brunettes aren't letting blondes have all the fun (65 Photos)
Got a breakfast date with my kiddo. wait til she wakes up
The finished product. What do you think???? Would make a great table centre piece
No none unless the inlaws go costa you have a good day to
Eyy, thank you! He's so cute!
Guess who is in bullet
Mahesh Babu and now RC...Waiting for AA to adopt one in Kerala
its a sunday shaa andinyepe
Thank you you to.
lovely seeing her in the flesh again and not on a screen.
Just to put a face to the nickname
Smile Sunday!
Be a blessing to yourself...smile!
where do you live ?? :)) Peru & Spain
Brunching at Mugg & Bean is definitely my thing
Thank You Dear , Supporters
Reached 9k+Followers
:)
i'm soooo happy to be friends with his friends
Really? so cool, my auntie and cousin are phillipino as well
How lovely - moments to cherish
Well, bring it on then Or would you have an answer?
Yeah leaving right after my papers finish. And thank you
Dont worry i can be your strength im here for u.
Easilly done these days . I read sajid javids tweet 600 times convinced it Must be a spoof but alas
Danke dir, das hatte ich
i see
And 24 hours later...
I would not Doug
I'm stealing this
Trade tayoooo :))) some of my ksoo pcs nasa friend ko dyan sa mnl aattend din ng show champ
I am sick of being made an absolute fool of
So so good! Happy time beats any time of the day
another hint
Thank you so much
Oh nice, welcome aboard
Great profile!! for promos on hostel & budget hotel reservations
You poor thing. Drink tea and rest up. At least Doctor Who is on later to cheer you up.
Remember vs (3-0) Worlds 2015 - London
Jgh
Thanks for sharing! What are your questions??
Good Sunday morning! Hanging with this morning on GMC Weekend! Hope join us on
We are open today from 10-4pm
Soft play offer still going 2hrs for the price of 1
Only Spotify premium lang po ang
1month - 50 pesos
2months - 100 pesos
AVAIL NOW!
DM ME FOR MORE
Thank You My Dear fans, Friends & My Supporters
Reached 6k Followers
Morning everyone
Hahahaha!
Kindly mirroring yourself, baby Ongie.
Lucky fan with
papanoodin ko ggv at concert ni vice hahahaha coz i want to be happy
also a sick day as in dont go into work tomoz
Cheers dude
180920 || BKK ICN
His eyes his smile
Live now on with with our special guests! Abangan!!!
Thank you buddy
Awww lovely footage there made me smile
ikaw yung graduate din sa MSEIFI Never had an encounter w/ u pero feel ko'y mabait din Pretty Gbu
Do you have a slogan binder? what do you do with your slogans? Display or tago lang? Yes I do but I also
I wait to teach my kids about real science
Thanks Sam, I feel I have and also that I There is so much more to achieve yet
Hi Kent, well I'm still afloat, so I'm doing ok thanks. Hope you are alright? . Take care.
Done... Its okay
Good evening
Goodmorning
glad to see you!
Good morning, Wendy Have a great day!
Ang saya saya nyo naman. will continue to pray for your happy ever after.
Chubby face
Lord, thank you.
Thank you for allowing us to come home
Thank you Heather
Aso ng cousin ko sobrang cute eh gigil akooo
Halo !
look good boss, been something you
.
by Chip Zdarsky
.
Wait til you hit 60
Happy birthday sis!
Ur very much welcome..
Amazing performance from in The Unreturning yesterday - fantastic staging too. On tour atm so check it out!
8. 16. 8. 12. My shift hours this past week wtf bro
hello! please follow the mechanics so we can count your vote! heheh thank u
Oh we didnt make the birthday cake, but we made lots of desserts and salads. Thanks anyway. Xx
Much humbled on these kindest compliments amna
Thank you so much
Viswasam Teaser soon
RANVERRR
Congrats
Haven't watch your concert but I know you have a great voice so it's a yes for me
Mine is on the way
thank you
Congrats bebe ni thom
Hosts for Cinema One Filmfest 2018 Awards Night are our Chinito Prince and Ms
lmao it's gorgeous isn't it .
I got your text! will watch the Clasico together
Please spread the word po
Lesson for this day:
Everybody has different levels of sensitivity
pwedeng masakit sa iyo, pwedeng sa kanya hindi. Iba iba tayo
I think she approves of papa's new look [and scent]
.
.
.
with Axe Fragrances Covent Grooming
Something Very Hot About Busty Girls
Marching in to Sunday like have a great day everyone
Thank you! I sure will.. Wendy
I've Been Putting In That Work On My Solo Project.
Lol. I like this
But then it's from The Daily Mash.
Wish we both had slept naked together cuddling
Good morning Prince, welcome to Heathrow If you require any help do let us know so that we can assist
God bless Temilade for these crocs
I remember this from gen psych hahaha. Erik Erikson?? Anyway, good luck sa boards Abbie!! Rooting and praying for you
Thanks so much for your support!! I truly appreciate it so much!!!!
Nah. learned my lesson
Thanks Ate for followback
Sana lahat ng ssg di suplada katulad mo. Hehe.
Where can I get it?
Simple Y Clarooo...
That's their marzi. I like them. So I have no problem.
And 4 titties
very cold Doug
hellooo! ang gandaa and sexyy moo! god bless youu! goodluck sa studieees
Smile!!
Nothing can break your spirit!!
Happy sunday tweeps.
It's going to be an awesome week!!
"cen"
"ayo call!"
"ayo rabbit"
The smile lines around his eyes are I approve completely.
hey i'm an ocrp looking for friends, but strictly english only please
its okay. have faith farah
Thank you.
Charts don't lie
5. Jeolchin means bestfriend.. and 6112 is Chanyeol's and Kyungsoo's number. So... it's about ChanSoo
For tonyt only on
Don't miss it
Pc :
This reminds me of live he did before he went to military. All the supports from unit B. smiling from ear to ear
Any of these (except sa may sticker) to that sehun pc
Please rtxrt?
Landed!
Now, the 2 hour drive home
Mor Kalmar!
jij kent sowieso ashley toch?
puan durumu
as long as you're manually connecting to the Greek network, you won't get any more texts like this enjoy Rhodes >FC
hello! please follow the mechanics for your vote to be counted yehey hehe thank u!
I liked Still Life With Woodpecker. Another Tom Robbins I enjoyed was 'Jitterbug Perfume'
-
you saw our cat , that one is near me
Give us a wave Caroline
Buongiorno Jack e buona domenica
Bom dia...
I participated team in ur contest.
Big wish to win this mug
Shine the brighter in you, with these light weighted Necksets and make a WoW lookby flaunting those
A little peek at the new body I've lost a lot of weight and I'm so fucking proud of how hard I've worked!
Smile Sunday!
Be a blessing to yourself...smile!
kookiso cute
Managed to play my first game yes it needs work but it was very enjoyable
Amazing great but how we can get it
Ifb
Oh...more films and pictures of your cock! I think i have enough now, thankyou
Comfy pants, coffee, music and Sunday papers. Savouring a day of rest
I don't feel that painful pinch in my heart everytime I see certain people
Awwww thanks kak ayu!!! the next time we meet, i will print one for you
Salamat mon! advance happy birthday pod hahaha
There are millions of nobody around the world
May your birthday bring you an abundance of love and happiness and you could still pass for 24
Awesome.... superb....nice carrr I love it....
I'll be better than my best. I'll just keep going.
I like my bf where I like my food
Mot Kalmar!
I came with enough stew...
Thank you for your preference!! .. and for sharing your experience in Madeira and at Melia Madeira Mare
No worries at all, Chris ^EA
Loved you then. Love you now. Love you always.
Oye sach next week mumbai
Hey i'm bored so ask me anything
That's a really good idea thanks for that
Glad someone remembered my on my It's awesome and it's very special for me thanks this
Sssshhhhh..... still wearing shorts for dog walks
Sunday mood
Team San Emilio went to G. Del Pilar. Thank you delpilarians and Sk Fed for welcoming us. Can we come again?
We can call all as or better if it is built on
$hot
Usapang Financial Advisor.
Me: How's London Mam? Welcome back po
Manager: London was nice very nice... at ang
I've had the privilege of meeting 4 of these smart, funny, kind, generous, gracious human beings!
For the love of art & a true artist!
craving a large meal, you know one of those that leave you full for days & cant even walk properly
The state opening of Parliament
Moga bermanfaat insha Allah
can we? Can we?
Please
Do watch today at 6.30pm in
waitinggg to see you darlinggg!!!
Amen thank you
Watching Idol sa Kusina guest nina Chef Boy at si
Aww Lebo, thank you but I gotta remind myself that beauty is fleeting*
You earned it. We're all happy to help Thank you for ALL you to to help
it will happen soon enough...
Das hat sich echt gelohnt
yes going to pay the shipping fee
The introduction to that recipe is incredibly heartfelt, gonna have roasties today now. Thank you
Sachi ammn g se poch lo
See political tweets get you in trouble yet I can call you every name under the sun
Vibrate higher
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Congratulations to both of you
We hope you enjoyed tonight, !
Yup
Smile Sunday!
Be a blessing to HIM...smile!
Good morning TwitterWorld Happy Sunday everyone Bonjour Buongiorno amici tutti Bom Salam Alaikum
thanks!!! good sunday
Dear anon t,
Thanks. Try again next time!
Will this match be shown on the YouTube channel ?? Highlights or something
A am already following Sir..so follow back
We have the same name so this applies perfectly
We can call all as or better if it is built on
$hot
No-one expected that.
Hello World! Listen to this song! a little tidbit of life tune enjoy
Hey fam pls help me iwill help you too just one rt then done pls help :'(( i need 4290 rts fam.
exodus na lang po! also yung overdose po ba or sing for you hehe?
Finally Blocked No Fights Now Peaceful Soul
You too Rory sound's like your full of busy
maybe next next month
Love spending every week bored
Bonchon Chicken Philippines
Honestly this pic made my day
We live for such moments of ICT
PC :
Grow old with you
Ahhhh thank you!
Haha hilarious! Thanks Tris And bizarrely the second person today to message me the same
Oh, not grumpy pal I have my own house so need mummy to cook my breakfast mate
Some more Friday pics from Red Group Kinders MPB
mainedcm IG story
Ayyyyt.. Ang cuteeee
Ang happy ni Gurlll.. Don't lose that smile again, my dear
Verge $XVG price: $0.014523
I made 0.22 BTC in 1 day trading on Binance. Sign up now
I already ate thank you oh take care when you go home uwu
I love it it's a very good watercolor great flowers and I
Buong stem one miss ko na
Love ya! Be safe on the way back!
Thank youu!
Terrible. That box is almost overflowing
They're getting married
Polish artist Finallyy
Says it all,
Latest pic of With at sets!
her body her choice
This is epic
Short video on how to build on fantastic success. Simple and effective
Thanks for the follow
sorry because i do hurting you before this. now im hurt many time and i accept it
Thanks
Aww thanks!
Afternoon Darren. Stay in bed if you can and get well soon
Where are struggling? Let us take you through it.
for every like/rt this tweet gets, i'll post a picture of one slogan that i own until i run out
Sure! I'll put your un in the form~
Ahh daccord
Here's another person
Thank you for the hard work. hope you're feelingg better now. Rest well. We love you so much!
Hi can I ask what fic is this?
My faaaaav miss you camsyyyy. God, you know who shared this song to me??? hihi
2011-2012 was good because we had set the foundations
Yep im with Sim on this..what got to lose
outfit by thank you boss
you know what nobody makes what my ADHD/ASD Son loves. Bath bombs for men. an idea for you. welcome
Congrats
Ye Tru. Ima start charging
not a bad un-tradable team. (Every play is un-tradable except Coman)
Thank you, Roe.
We cute
Hi Vicky just up on the moor
Nooo okay!! I like what I have, worry!!
Cutiee ng attire mo
To por ti A bomm, chame
Done! Tnx for the help!
Meow meow meow
Cute
Thank you
Great to hear Katy! We hope you enjoy.
Mein Winter Haus
Is there any words to describe his smile bcz i need one it looks kinda silly bt adorable whn he smiles
Lighting so great but yas! Coconuty-curry goodness.
I just filled out my mail in ballot this morning.
Smile Sunday!
Smiling sends a POSITIVE message that we ALL love to receive!
What unites us all? YOUR positive
Good Afternoon Zareen, how's your day going so far today?
Now
It's tonight!!! If you have any questions for me or the AWKWARD cast, use the hashtag
Thats what we do
Yine ve yine ben
Oooooo sabar ya you're not alone bby
but still day-well spent
Same here sir jay.. Mas kaila ta kay brad.. So there is nothing to worry..
Smile every time I hear that
No problem and thank you !
Your welcome
Leader wey go leader school
Just overly happy!
Clarooo seguimooos
pazarlar
Yeise milta hai respect mai !
Popped into the new in Glasgow yesterday and it was great to see so many members in there
"Joy, with peace, is the sister of charity. Serve the Lord with laughter." -Padre Pio
Wow Lamb chops
No to alcohol
Sunday dish
So.. after celebration towards the Cardiff fans, how did you feel at full time Ryan?
haha its ok, u can just read them on ur free time you know i even follow the author of call me
You too RK
Switzerland... Bagless but still in Switzerland
Sharleng's Happy? I am happy
U welcome Rehan
Definitely! Metagross is easily one of my favourites.
... It's never too soon!
(get_repost)
B O O K W O R M S - loving
him rather
Terimakasih show dewi theater hari ini sudah selesai~
Sampai berjumpa live report dewi theater selanjutnya
A Sunday!
Hope all having a good one!
oh how I love 10+ hour shifts
Super privileged to announce that Westall won best short film! We're ecstatic and very thankful there were some
Mere liye 1 bottle alag se rakhiyo shaadi me
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MAMA. ILOVEYOU HAVE A BLAST IMISSYOU
Yeah!!!
Gracias amiga
Everything is beautiful about unforced bonds
" If I perish, I perish "
Verge $XVG price: $0.014602
We verified that Binance is accepting new users!
Worth it though
Aside from J7, this one is on my list too.
D'accord merci beaucoup
"Does it hurt too much??"
"No. I'm gonna be okay..
" When?"
"Soon."
right back at you have a sunny sunday-funday just like me!
Just my problems with self esteem it's ok Thank you for asking
Be more careful Jeanee.....and take care
Good hope good fine , and feature heavily
Moin Moin
Morning n em few
Yey! Songs from the Stage at now
Thank you Carlene!
Our Y9 students have extracted DNA from strawberries. Science is astonishing
Nuestros alumnos de Y9 han
MY YOUTH
SING-ALONG ADN!!!!
Done! Tnx for the help!
Tequila with the most beautiful
Today's post will be up in a couple hours
I WANTED TO BUY TICKETS.. SOMEONE HAVE A SPARE ONE FOR MEH?
And it leads to being on a poster
Good morning y'all ... it's going to be a lovely day!
Have a lovely time, nerves are normal! tell me all the gossip later haha! xxx
Yes ate, I like you. I ain't straight. Still accepting the fact we'll never be together lul. Stay straight
Sana kasiyahan lang ang topic sa get together di-umano ng Former at Present SSC Officers ni recent Alma Mater
We're declaring it Lord :) send us!
for you? burning in the back of my mind
They are mainly quick sketches to do a proper portrait it would take a while.
South Africa
Oi! Those that were quoting me earlier lol where did go! I was having so much fun
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off
B
And now I finally have some of the merch I had been wanting.
It's ok, we don't want you in our Fandom as well. It's a tie
Is there a game on the red button ??? Hi Alex how are you doing ?
Good
I thank you
Happy Day!
It's adequate utilisation of resources
I nvr watched Marathi BB so cant really comment
I am happy to have you home missed you
Done! Tnx for the help!
Yes. That's why I tweeted this. For the hate
Playing our song
hello!!! can you dm me?
trop fatigant un WordCamp
You're fine you're glowing
Hello Mr worldwide handsome
I hope ya'll are taking some rest ?? Good regards to all the boys
Just met a woman in the park who thought I was about 30 years old! Happy face
Finals preview?
Wishful heart
You'll stop soon
guyzzz regarding sa mga fanprojectsss
Done
Will pass. Am feeling the immediate need for a nice bit of lamb
Done! Tnx for the help!
How is Carolina Marin Banshee from Huelva?
Awww welcome bebe may nagsuplada po ba sa inyo? Dm mo sakin bebe if ever
Thank you! I think I already have one of Austin Chant's books, so I will bump that up my TBR.
I am cheering on the both side
I don't have anything. I only have love for you, cute daughter
Iyaa
We lazy
i'm wd
D&E in Hiroshima 2days is finished!!!
sooo happy
Hiroshima is nice place!!!
Really go next 4th D&E
thank you for replying to my question. I'm not disappointed don't worry. Patiently
So cute but so hard to see in the darkness . See you in a few hours in most fun game ever - LOL.
Client satisfaction is bliss
wait ! Deputy
Carmack & Shep are one of the many reasons I watch
Memories
At wedding cousin
Kik me y'all if you want to roleplay or just talk
Facts
like to night with you makes life so much easier
We need chapter in Texas.
I see a tail
Syempre besh, kayo!
Christmas at the
Certain part of my body is now up...
Exciting news - you can now pre-order your 2019 calendars Here is a sneak peek Just
Live
watch us now
news bulletin
You won't get anywhere if you can't be happy about someone else's blessings.
i like his hoodie will wait for the post. need to know what brand this is.
Lol just that one
Gracias
Thankyou Lord for the great experience
181021
hello! please follow the mechanics so we can count your entry! hehe thank you~~
dm po may itatanong lng po
Thnk... he propose to her last night
Please share.
A photographer took the perfect engagement photo at Yosemite. If only he could find the happy
Must be the smile in the third frame.
Music and God
1 kitkat khud ki ho gai baki 2 kis .... K liey
Late Birthday Celebration with my girls Thank you sa time niyo kahapon I love you guys so much !! Insert
D&E in Hiroshima 2days is finished!!!
sooo happy
Hiroshima is nice place!!!
Really go next 4th D&E
I greeted you via direct message here in Twitter
Last night was great cause i got to
spend time with family and other
People i know so yesterday day was
great
Bienvenidos!
My son, who is 7 yrs old, painted this today
Love the both of you always
Of course, that's fine
v pretty
Opening and so borriiiing
a nuthatch is taking peanuts from the feeders
and then hiding them in the log store ???
... if only it
Have a nice Sunday!
Detail of my artwork / oil on canvas olgagrafovadilek
Happy birthday to our kpopgirl na bebegirl! Big girl na.. (belated)
Godbless you always.. We love you so
Will be getting vacation packages and payments done today ... l am back Supreem Travels
sweet. Thank you.
Im ready.
Haha.. I just had some for lunch, mercifully!
Great meeting you.
That was a great talk indeed.
Nice to still be seeing at this time of year. Grass Snake actively hunting at the Basingstoke Canal
Thank you my dear i m kind of proud of it
I'll post it to you. No need to pay me Dm me your address x
nothing personal
Chivette Anjela is the perfect mix of goofy and adorable (27 Photos)
you're a cute and nice friend who always there for me
managed to get a lecturer from Chester Uni thank you
Late appreciation but retreat was damn good
Done! Tnx for the help!
I think I'll try it someday tho
Our kind of Sundate nakahiusa after simba..
feeling thankful
Come join me at 5pm?
Thank you
Thanks for the support I appreciate
Bin auch am 15.11 in
Good for you.. I have a difference in opinion sweety
Wetter nutzen
Looking forward to seeing everyone tomorrow we hope you all had a lovely break.
The future depends on what we do in the present.
The way i'm singing along to every song...making up for last week
Hey there Naveed, hope you're doing well.
Please let us know which channel you reported this
Alhamdulillah its just the start like you love cooking I love making these bro
here's a thing i coloured recently
been working on my blending!
Well, today I feel good. your life been? I have anymore btw but we can still always DM here or on IG.
Thank you
Best thing I have bought !! For the kitchen . Fantastic smoothies on the morning love it
I used to sit behind the Brohm family in church at St. Bernard they lived on the next street over from us. lol
drop my tweet instead, help me please?
Marry me!
Ohk, many reasons are there but most importantly, you are one of the most positive persons here
May the years ahead be filled with lasting joy & happiness. Congratulations
Chitah M. Bigot Jessica Borres happy na sya
Why this curse!!! After all they have gone to meet 72 Hoors?? Pray God that there should be no derth of Hoors!
No se hable
*giggles* That's so sweet of you!
Um.. I'll be 20.
not really hehe i knew he was going to post because he always does when he's mc
Event went well, overall it was a great day
I know you're not feeling well baVy so just look at the skies and remember that everybody's love you I can't
Loved you then. Love you now. Love you always.
This was a amazing tour I had a lot of fun in Berlin Thank you
I know you're not feeling well baVy so just look at the skies and remember that everybody's love you I can't
Wowww !!!! It Was Amazing
Lots Of Love
Congratulations
the good place never fails to make me happy
2019 S/S SEOUL FASHION WEEK - S/S SHOW
!!
!!
Hello, I DM-ed
deadass going to the fair today whether I go by myself, somebody random or what. I am going
Superman Oliver
Thanks let's all celebrate
The two of you would be great on the show together
Miss you tay! Miss ko nadin buhok ko! HAHAHA!
Congrats bud.
The competition ends today, all the best.
Hi Minju!
Nice to see Reciting Naat sharif live ..
Mashallah May Allah bless you
My best wishes for you
Stay happy Ahmed Bhai
Same here po!
welcome thanks din meg
Mofos - Sexy blonde gets fucked in a car
dramas where main char die in middle of drama are rare so hopefully for your Terius he'll be alive
My birthday is going to be a one man show. Champagne breakfast and a lot of self love. wait
They have sorta morphed into staffie lurcher X twins
Congratulations on your little sister . May Allah ease your future endeavours. InsyaAllah. Love ya !
welcome kaya mo yan!
Now happy
Thnks po sir anjan dn po kau for them
Thank you everyone for 200 followers!
Your support means a lot to us!
-M
Beautiful
it looks like they are kissing asdfghjkl
This is so cute.
He's adorable.
So lucky to see you in person yesterday in Early Night
I woke up like this
Have a happy day. Hoping you are feeling better.
10r...t......
Team Bahay.!
Watching PVL ATM.!
Go Phenom AV2
I can see
A new cover or a video on mental health I miss your vids
I'm doing my assignment~!
Bom dia Christovam,feliz domingo
Hope you enjoy it
Good man. Loved your interviews yesterday. Unearthed quite a few rockets...
Welcome to Pangasinan... san po kayo stay?
Last night was a lit.
are nominated in 7 categories for the Grammy! Thumbs are pressed
Ouch!!
Thanks Nadeem
Hay huni you and the kids doing hope your all ok hope to speak with you soon love you zillions miss Yh all very much
Have a terrific day
Shh, don't give them ideas. I will do this for you
Yarm - got a gift for as well. Yarm
Be in there in a little while for dads birthday drinks cheers.
My pleasure. I feel extremely clever now!
Yes, thank you so much!! Kevin felt bad he was already so far away!!
Glad to hear that. well thank you. Lovely and sunny here still.
It was cool to see you yesterday dude!
somehow I managed my steps before 5pm yesterday
Hahaha. Wait. Thanks ulit
This is why gay.
Thanks Mike. Have a lovely day.
Thank you Lord
Quite convincing. Thanks a lot for your contributions
Cuties of the 3K!
I'm searching a team (Eu server)
Very sweet of her..
cto
You accepted. If enjoyment kill you I be blamed
Very pretty as well...
Naman Thank you
Thanks! I think so, too!
Don't be a book monogamist. You can read fiction alongside the epic tome of knowledge
Good afternoon everyone!
Merci
Bon dimanche Gary
Bon dimanche tous sous un beau soleil j'espere
Decided to draw
Can't decide which one I like better
I hope you like them
He's so handsome what's his name?
Supportive BF
Merhaba Beonbet'li
bir hafta sonu dilerim.
November 3rd. Hi, how are ya?
thank u
Thank you Sis..i had my own special guardian angel to help me through it
That's fake subs
Thanks. Definitely need to see it.
Hi! I regularly watch your show nowadays (switching from your show and PBA ). I'm just curious
muchas gracias cielete
Yeah, but fangirling helps with the stress at times
Thank you (^w^)
Yes !
Italy ? What a beautiful country !
Glad to know you appreciated your
Chaos in a coffee cup!
Big thanks to Munich Science Slam for how to improve science communication
Luv you too bby, happy always ya sayang
Dear
Please come back.
Love,
Upstate NY
Good morning, here's hoping for a good day at work for me!
NHF Welsh Awards
Ladies and Gentlemen, voting is ending on 31st, just over a week left
Voting is very
Wait- Oki! Got that!
And last but not least: are you free tomorrow? c:
Good Morning Did you wake up early to watch NFL football in London
it's up!!
Oh c'est beau tout mignon
And who ordered the Triple-B??? (50 Photos)
Plonked down to listen to Steven playing at Sunderland today
Lazy Sunday Recharging my batteries with positive energy and relaxing before the upcoming week.
Reminder: Don't forget to smile and live life to the fullest
have to see
Congratulations Jim! So well deserved. hoping for some thunder snow coverage from you this season.
Welcome . Hope to see you naka
If it makes you feel any better I have 3 holes on my desk
Retweet for your name in my handwriting
(Pehle hi bta dun writing bohat buri hay)
Finally, my own passion project! :)
I've been preparing this for quite a time now and I'm happy this is up!
just find it funny but i can't believe there are armys out there who reads 2seok as seokseok
Hay huni you and the kids doing hope your all ok hope to speak with you soon love you zillions miss Yh all very much
Don't be depressed go out and make new friends talk to people
I can't wait to go to work tomorrow!
Yes... I wanna hear it crunch!
Glad you had a nice morning
I was leaving for work (very tired from the concert last night) and look who came on the radio
may available slots pa for love yourself: answer!! order na kayo dm me if interested ~ maraming salamat po
anyways nobody is straight in pjo some are tho
a critical life lesson it. Applies everywhere and with everyone.
on my list too! heard good things enjoy your weekend!
t'was fun Thank you guys
We are on Instagram (no updates at the moment) but we will use this form of media too just search
True!
Right?!? Like, does even know what they did? I want to believe they did it on purpose! I really really do.
Thank you dear
If it makes you feel any better I have 3 holes in my desk
Congratulations
God bless
Gyuri
It will be the best if someone really cares about you
Baek's bf Yeol's gf
CHANBAEK IS REAL
Ayyiiee
Thanks God . Special thanks to Ms. KRiz Tin. One more step ahead, guide me Lord. To God be the Glory. feeling thankful
Good evening too
Happy Sunday , Good MooD
You are and were beautiful I know that now you don't need to hear it, but it's always nice, ai guess
I think so
your bby chick getting better amal
This should be included here!
Buen
Congratulations
Perfection
Great thread well worth the read
But it miraculously stops working when studying for an year end exam.
Been done before so why not
Thanks for the cheering
It's dam good thank you girl
Lovely to connect
Ah, give her a hug from me Will you be seeing anything of
HAPPY SUNDAY!!!!
Go To church. In Person or Watch Live Online.
Aww gosh Giselle, you are too sweet!!
I won't be going - I was just getting nervous at the numbers
Whow peeps!!
400 followers on Twitter!!
Im proud, thank you and have a nice day all!!
Oh yes! Most certainly is. First time I heard it, spoke Vanity to me. Will add this on the list
Andreans, bili na! Just send them a message for orders or information.
.... und im Sonntagskleid
It's alright dear. I forgive you.
Oh right. less scary
I think Mr Murray fits the profile Mr & Mrs Slurrie would deem suitable need to lurch
Just some personal news: I became a daddy yesterday to a gorgeous little man
Very emotional but magical
Psst . You are wonderful John.
Have a superb Sunday lovely xx
Give them a face lift and they can be
Its rather snazzy
Tbh I really just want to be an influencer for the tonnes of free shit so if anyone can make it happen be just swell
Be happy
Willing to trade for JB's pc
If I'm missing this, I'm happy
Her journey in was truly stupendous ! the champ !
Thank you
See how you feel I like them I find them fun .. also in-between jobs all the time for hrs so great company
Sunday is quite often a fun day
Memories
D-514
If she was Abdul she surely succeeded
Me too! Good Morning Momma! Happy Sunday! I hope you have a wonderful day!
Too late maknae you already replied your age before keep it safe dw
Bat pinapagsabaysabay mo? Your source is absolutely unreliable.
Hi Chris, if you send us your email address on DM we can add your points for you whenever they are missed!
Yeah I count everything myself Pretty sure there's no site that posts the daily streams for each
Happy Sunday beautiful people.
Psst. You are wonderful John
Unexpected gift letter from him.
Another favorite episode of mine
Hi Amy, these should be released by the end of December 2018. ^Shelley
You're too young
Haaiii ARMY
Mutualan kuyy
Welcome.
Hi mga maam/sir. It's payback time na po
This is good
hey i like that name better.
so i'm an engineer now with a mentality of a 4 year old
It sorted my favorite songs right 1. Don't Go will always be my favorite, second is Promise, third one is
And now as well as in my heart and in my head you are also in my living room to keep me company every day!!!
Will watch sa next game
Done! Tnx for the help!
Busking with anantar in Salisbury
[#SoftHoseokSunday]
Hobi and his sister really do share the same beautiful smile
|#jhope
Congratulations !!!
Most celebrated
Thank you Happy Sunday to you. Enjoy
[help RT]
WTS
minho official postcard from hwarang photobook (1 postcard 2 sides), dm me if you're interested
wait
Well Done Girls . Thank You
We Waiting For You Next Comeback .
Fighting Girls . Love You
welcome Russ
Congratulations brother
Warm, comforting and will probably be followed by a nap. Our rich goulash is just Sunday in a dish, isn't it?
Today is
uy naman HAHAHAHAH thankyouu par
sometimes when i get bored, i just sit there tight ... then eveything solved.
This is what my shirt is saying
Benefits for our regular customers
Don't be depressed go out and make new friends talk to people
I m talking abt fanwars n partiality related matters, u r always impartial n positive there
Ah okay. Also da hatte ich definitiv noch ein anderes.
Awe Thank you he is a wonderful pup. Hope you have a great day.
Done! Tnx for the help!
I missed two Saturdays at Mass. didn't go today. Need to go confess that. I'll be there next Saturday
Play the Moment on & more on Netbuzz Music
you did the great , please care to yourself ,be carefuls
We purple you
/edc/ rate dan saran dong kak?
Thank you so much Avi ! It's really nice to hear that
over at
Great! Enjoy your session.
Xbox one
Yeeeeeeah my left thumb is fucked
Flowers may wither, but my love for you will never alter.
To the friendship that never changed
Yes had a good night thanks just had a nice greasy sandwich to soak some of the alcohol up lol
I'm working my way through the prompts with various fanfiction
Pasok na ulit
De
Some poor soul is having a clear out. Thankfully it is not me
Hope you had a lovely time yesterday Tania
Adult Education
Tempura prawns are really good. cooked, the raw fish thing is the main problem for most people. Enjoy
Hi Karren, what is it that we can help you with?
Good morning , it's a makeup sorta day today
today is food and bed day not moving!
Bom dia!
Good luck lovely - proud of you
Watery book cover
Okay lng Sa row I po ako
Salamat sa message fam you can DM me anytime you want. Lets be friends
Para ti Julia
Te amo
Te gusta mi foto?
Not true! Btw I didn't find any Baileys here!
Enjoy bro
the one i used at uni was
Sony KLV-40R352E is the best tv under 40k
Yes I agree with u bro...
Another cracker Mali
announcement
KITA SISTEMNYA CEPET-CEPETAN YA
To all NMAT takers God bless us guys Laban lang. Road to MD
aaw thanks
We're heading that way later. Will try to find it. Thanks Chris
Ang cuteee neto
Mimin udah capee, sampe typo,,,
crickets. Don't be depressed go out and make new friends talk to people
Feel free to message me if you have any questions. It's easier than you might think.
Do not beg someone to love you back
Instead love him unconditionally
I love how always be there for all his kids , even when concert also he attend He know
Wow, wait to read the new book when will it be released?
Tomorrow the ticket will sell.thanks. you too,, hope you can watch the movie also.
Yes
found your email address. Sent you the Keynote
I hope the keyboard has S. Or I'll start writing xaxa xema xupuu. Thank you!
Neither she is XD she is still waiting to cuddle with you tho
Good afternoon John
Thank you!
Any wattpad story you can recommend? Thank you!
Nice meeting you diiiin. Looking forward for that
Thank you. It was a great weekend
we love your staff and food. Thank you
Sureee, will pray for you girl!! yes pls, i really miss you!! tagal mong di nagpakita
Work HIV test Haircut productive day it is.
Because the reveal photo is on our Facebook page
Absolutely wonderful... To anyone who doesn't agree, cop
you're so lucky ,, I'm happy for you
Lets all pray, vote, stream, follow seventeen. Our boys deserve all the Awards. RT to spread awareness to all
Penge allowance hahahahah charoot lablab nice
welcome! Happy to help!
up early so going to get up and get my day started
I can prove na legit seller siya And a very accommodating one THUMBS UP! Very satisfied with
I can't believe it has to be explained, but there we go.
dw I feel asleep also yes it is interesting I learn a lot there
Catching up on this is my reading corner at home
Everytime i see a girl behind the wheels.
I cant want my wife to drive me while i listen to some soff English gazing her.
New website everyone
Woah....what a pleasant surprise!!!
Many many congratulations to both of you !!!
Welcome to the movement
OMG Y'ALL I'M GOING TO A CONCERT!!!!!! See ya on June 29, 2019
Why am I relating to this ?? With your mom, I mean
Follow Back
What a productive day
Now I know
Please do not hesitate to ask me questions!
pernes humahaba na si heyr ko
I'll be there!
Oh dear
My Mom Wanted Me To Rest Today But Getting Up For Church God Has Been So Good To Me
I love you SeokJin you are perfect Buen trabajo
Yay, my favorite author replied
I'm blessed hope you have a wonderful day!
NHF Welsh Awards
Ladies&Gents, voting is ends 31st, just over a week
very close in most
We love them
New word today. Tq Boss
I am a simple man. When i see Neo meme i am happy . Especially when see smiling best thing in the world
Good Morning Doni
Ofcourse.. We really really proud of you.. multitasking kering kering mo..
St Why was it that Google maps gave me Fowey for 'Place house' Well at least it got the county right!
Que genio Leo y Leo Pronto nos vemos en NY
Hi ate your day po? Hello anon! We had the scholarship exam today huhu wish your ates and kuyas a good
Great dear Tina
Delighted that you enjoyed it! Thank you for joining us
Thank you
So proud of you guys ily!
You hiding behind keyboard, give me an address, let the little boy visit you
Thank you!
Have a great time
I aggree with you
Me too. This book opened my mind and changed who I am, my believes and the way I see the world. Thank you so much
a man serving us poolside cause he wants to marry me
was sad I didn't manage to spot the Devon for Europe group I've seen pictures of!
Whoever used my taxify code, thank you for the free ride
Don't have to tell me twice.
Shagbottom poetry. Who new.
I love this quote, always have.
Yay u have the rose gold like me now all u r missing is a cute case to go with it
No doubt
Thanks! Happily beaming away
done loads of these for students Fleur if they need some help
Awwww anyway goodluck I hope you get your ticket soon
My first encounter with giraffes and zebras.
Sobrang saya dito! Kahit ang init maglakad around the
My default thinking is that a don't believe them anyway!! All I can hear is blah blah blah when Tory talks.
Snappy
Shout out to the student who keeps whinning of everything at school and not trying anything
P.s im not good at English
I hope to inspire some more and importantly, some more
Buyur
Thank you
will be opening (very limited) slots for nivea x krunk lipbalms soon! please anticipate
Not because of this bogo ka lot, it shouldnt be na sila nalang pirme Laban lng gerl
Gobbling bite from The Ecastasy Hawk bacon and croissant
N get the glass screen protector too
Cromer Beach
i-deactivate mo muna twitter mo tas activate mo ulit. welcome. SALAMAT FREN PERO NA TANGGAL KO NA
Saw your mugs as we walked along West Beach yesterday. One day we'll make it to your shop too
THANK YOU DERECK
It's Rex Manning day! Empire Records is on I of course, wanted to date Robin Tunney's character.
Listening to
Piya ..O Re Piya..Piya Re Piya Re Piya bhai ..This is One of your Favourite Sad Song ..
just like to say, a simple nice message can sometimes be enough to brighten entire day and it should not be underestimated
I've got and now
My 13 yr old self would be so proud and happy
Hi kindly refer for further assist regarding this matter
So many kitties outside enjoying the sun today, makes me so happy!
Its not mine credits to the owner
From now on, promise yourself to choose people who choose you Stay happy and healthy
Totoo po
Buen mi washito abrazote
Not just a pretty face
Sounds good.
Definitely! Although any colour would suit you I reckon
No matter where you are
Neither what you are wear
Nor how is your face
Just take selfie for yourself
Being happy
Cairo is waiting for u
No my friend
I would love a wedding, but in season 8 or 9 and then adopting children in season 10
GM Start the day with a cup of Coffee and your beautiful Smile
senanlatkdenizeng on IG already translated and posted
wow i love not getting any sleep
Read Bi Polar
Hello! Nice to meet you I wanna become friends with everyone in the world!
studying
Thanks for sharing this great article
$DASH Dash price: $156.74
Binance registration is ONLINE! We JUST checked!
I woke up to find out C9 Afreeca
Well things sure are working out much better on Instagram thus far Meanwhile this same video only got 1k views
Yay!! Extended my trip to Bora this Nov!
181021
,,,
cr.
great to have you join our Twitter community
Seguita
Self respect
Too bad, God loves me too much, the curse will rebound , bye bye jeno
Coming to see you at Birmingham tomorrow
Happy birthday Mas. May Allah ease everything in your life w/
House blessing
Hummina Hummina Hip:Waist Ratios (31 photos)
I follow back!
if you have something to be translated from Tagalog to English, I can volunteer
thank you!
Handicapped for this week..thanks to jollibee delivery tho
Love it! I hope he gets his dream of more trotters. They really are majestic!
I was elated to hear that will be in Nigeria for the Global leadership summit 2018...I can't wait
HBD to me! Hahahaha
Lol am definitely on this table she is shaking
Being sick and taken care off. Kumnandi
Thanks Russell! Have you been? a little bit in love already
You always make me &
Their side profiles are so similar too
Hello Sky, how are you?
Thank you !
Achso, cool.
Nice place, I will go with you. Unknown place , unknown people ,a simple hut in green island
dm you about it tonight is that okay? Bc not home right now
Thanks for reading such a long piece It kinda got away from me a bit
Thank you
Congratulations...
Happy Sunday
Ohhh i see tq
We love boygroup TWICE
Product of the Week
Detoxifying & Moisturizing Mask
The most soothing, moisturising, detoxing mask EVER
RAM-LEELA marriage on the 5th anniversary of fitting indeed!
Efsanelerden
new Twitter
It's very cute and very me
I have money but not my own
Deniss' first 4T
Not perfect, but he'll get there!
It was soooo nice to meet you and chat!! Just tonight alone was worth coming to Melbourne for Looking
No not
Thanks bro
Have a beautiful blessed day
Hi Trish, I m ur biggest fan right from ur first movie.. Just a HI frm u is enough 4 me Jaanu!
I just checked that hahaha thank you
Thank God for another Sunday
Thanks Adam Manipulative, murderous husbands go well together
So there I go to her house and the problem was all three that I mentioned
Made it! Titas Night Out!#A1ReunionTourMNLDay1
But now found the solution to handle the anxiety
A dream
Good morning
for me because I donated before knowing this can unlocks features.
blame us for having living and caring parents
They're both my favorite team! Pero saan ba ako magcheheer.?? ahaha basta manalo matalo I them both! Go CCS & AM Team
October in Bzh, what else!
Surfing session
I know, right?
ikonics! Lets vote for iKON on AAA! Just download the Starple App and sign in
your weekly reminder
gonna be worth it, stay still my friend
Good morning
At least we're under the same sky
Parav Parth & Madhav
OMG TYSM Herd
I'm content with just changki seating next to each other
Thanks for todays broadcast ! Look forward to
Thank you hope having fun with the splatfest!!
stunning it?! Never want to leave
by Young Jack
Kill bill - Beatrix kido
may number 1 likers 'tong boyfriend ko. Mapa FB man o twitter! nice! Ganda iii
Im gonna be turning myself back to league till sembreak is over only
I do like it here However, I like having a self-proclaimed sexual
Happy birthday tweet from bhai is always special
lovely. I also carve at Halloween and it hurts my fingers but I think, well just once a year
Just fantisic! Well done !
Hi! God is with you all the time awe hi thank u, ik He is!!
awesome! I followed him
Congratulations with happy and blessed
from Alden Maine Leysam
That smirk again.. a
kyuhyun seohyun i saw you (jodie7152)
cheers for the follow!
Hi be dm me please
I have, thank you
my birthday today and I just want to say to everyone I love you All! Tom Hardy really brings together the
Happy Sunday .....btw tall
them: nagpagupit ka pala
me:
them: nag momove on?
:duhhhh
How Do You Feel...!!! Shares Screen Space With Your Dream Sir
I just thought this was interesting sixth form
It's honestly the same for alot of people, Family isn't blood, family is who can connect to your soul, so yes
Hopefully have to wait to long
This is my second one I guess it's a good thing I did it because I got the achievement for it
It's not just throwback everyone~
That's hint for my next project...
Thank you
RaCiSm DoSeNt ExIsT In EnGlAnD AnYmOrE paedo looking cunt
Moscato won't hurt me baby, don't worry
Hope you realise I expect flowers every week now
*incomplete but thank you for spending this day with me & Sofia
Welcome home guys!! Look what you started.
Happy 40th birthday Have a smashing day x
Life is good can't wait to watch you guys compete all year
Depends what you need it for .. but if it is personal use .. I'd say go for dell xps or if it is tablet like go for surface pro
Awww that's good, and yes sweetie its gonna happen, that's for sure! I can feel it.
Oops... I
Exactly! And I mean... there's still cats, so life's not all bad, right?
Well, hope you are okay
I'm so happy for you Jeongguuuk~ please please take care as always. Much loveeee
10.20
I hope you enjoy the read!
Yang mau full video.
Boleh di barter a
Baru bukan twitter lagi
Anyone who knows livestreaming of the coronation of Miss Globe later? Inform me please. Thanks!
Nice .... so hot!
Looks like a really good bargain
Congrats
Follback
Kopa recommendation for best phone to buy
How was she in person?
Sounds perfect. Save me some.
Kauai - Hawaii seems so magical. Also, Peru.
What about you?
This is why I pile myself up with loads of works so no room for family when your family is like this
I agree with you
Messenger.
Thanks Alex, I actually am
Wishing you a good one too
It's stunning! Amazing work
Please watch the last video of pre Homecoming Gwent and hopefully I make proud, papa!
I was really down these past few days, I'll try to light-up my mood by saying....
PISNGIIII KAYO DIYAN!!!!
I want this food
I prefer country life
Nice to meet you too, Macy! Hope you were able to hand over your gift last night!
Thx for sharing the answer
Thanks Pauline
Thank you for following me! Anyway I'm a fan!
Totally irrelevant
I spy Miss you!
Love for u...from
So staying up until grandpa brings him to me
Spectacular Sunday Streams on
Hi Susanne
Thank you for wonderful editing!
Season 4 wait!
Happy Sunday !
Miss pharmily,
Pls be mindful to re-edit your profile name. The last phrase doesn't suit you.
So true... Good night for me..
Whatever's simplest to get a game off the ground
A10
Not angry, but disappointed.
Yeah of course. See what I dun there
I def will! I could take 20 of each if you don't mind thank you so much I've near lost my mind
Ssssh be okay.
Mine was a fruit bat too . She loved a slice of melon . A bit like me actually
Wishing you the best, Yuri! Love the tone of your voice
Gray-sama will not allow it.
parewards ft. u
They do indeed
Footy fun day for my girls, Bubble Football then refuel at somewhere of their choice just a wee thank you for
Ethereum Classic $ETC price: $9.73
QUICK! Sign up before Binance closes registration!
iPhone 10 s in
Biasalah people hating on ARMYs just to get famous.
I dont want to give him the attention.
Nak lepaskan perasaan je
"if you don't have a smile, I'll give you one of mine"
Happy Sunday everyone!
Hahahahahaha.
Ateneo scores,
Me :
Creamline scores,
Me :
Camera shy for life
aaaaaaa you will! we will! let's wait for GA announcements
pwede bang paorder ng hot americano grande please?
be sorry Charley just enjoy it, we need the rain for the lakes to be full up here and
Lovely words Doris
So happy I got through eventually. Sad that Norbert was fully booked but very happy to be going to Matt Orlando
OMG How to retouch photos like this? Would you like yo give me some instructions?
Happiest Birthday ate Gab! I wish you all the best in life I will be here kapag libre mo haha char lab u
Wala lang , skl
Thanks for sharing our map We hope there are a few more neighbours
I'm on a boat
Cill Airne
we used to talk about this sir
Look forward to meeting you all there
Thank you
Waiting. Take care adam
This day is not only my day ma , thank you for giving birth to me and for being the best mother that you could
Thank you
ang gwapo naman kasi!!! hihi thank you sa pic.
Haii. Normal price yang ni will be around rm31. Kalau yang botanical range will be around rm34-rm36
Serenity is a characteristic that you are born with, otherwise you should spend a couple of years in a Tibetan monastery
Took me two days to make "Neon City" artwork! Here's the timelapse! Hope you guys enjoy it
P.S song- joji-will
so glad I finally got to experience a sunrise here like you do! ! Here's a few more pics
I know how its going to be.
Sunday means Brunch with loved ones and movie A star is born Filmin bile gidilir...
These men ... You go through a lot of them before you find the right one
I opened for the surprise.
Nielwink
Chat mo naman ako prend hehe
Grabe naman. Hirap magcheer! But happy to watch the rookies going up against one of the reason's why they went
Just as they should be.
I love what you do.
New York has the friendliest squirrels
Congratulations to both of you
It's Ha Sungwoon, or Ha Seongwoon, not Seungwoon. Be more careful next time
Sheffield!? Im sat in tamper just off west st...again x
Yep me too!!!!!!
Good morning folks! Happy Sunday. Have a beautiful day.
Additional details will be announced soon
My second visit to London Stadium and my second victory witnessed I do love that ground COYS going for that hat trick on the 31st
Do what makes you happy
I look forward to it
You are so nice & lovely Thank you so much You always be the best teammate Marc will
Gakuat
You like her
Brilliant! Well done, very proud!
Thank you Tanmay
I enjoy that series so sure I will! yw
Educational Ministry
Education system need to change first
Good to see you back
Usually shirts and wristbands but recently I also like to buy bags. And in the case of VK Bands i also like to buy cheki
Souvenirs from Korea Thank you very much.
Off to somewhere
Amazing!!! how was it?! Wonderful, as always, right?
Can I my boyfriend with u?
This is the article link btw.
followback po nameee? hehe
Akid .the shawrna is our psychology doctor
Not at all my friend
my pleasure Sudip
Fingers crossed the surprise act is good!!! We find out when you do if there is or and who they are! not
I'd share if I could!!
Thank you
Had fun at the garden centre, had breakfast and looked round the Christmas and craft stuff
Nicely said
I guess I don't have to worry about you now. You seem ok now hooman, keep doing your best. I'm
I always thank God for giving me the best things in this planet which happens to be `You
Oh damn that's not fun work at least you don't have to think about food later
Hi besh
Eat up baby we all love the cheeks
Pencil portrait of Hope you like it
Give it a read
I'll work on my project for a while now.. cya laters
Have a good Sunday Enjoy your end of the week end
We also have our turbans available as a sweet bow wrap Maine
"We feel somewhat close to you"
Ends with 2Seungs
Congratulations!
No. I don'y want to get in between you and Lucy.
aww! I might just do it enjoy Enrique!
Pasyal and Bonding w/ Them at Robinsons Place Antipolo
hehehehe sige ate tien
I always thank God for giving me the best thing in this planet which happens to be `You
Next up is watching Zoroark Master of Illusions on Twitch Presents later today followed by the US GP!
Just finished my first live broadcast to Facebook and ended up with this piece
A fine choice, Sir
Christian articles, devotions, Bible Studies
Thank you
She's basically never going to change. And shouldn't
Looking for something new to watch so give this a go
yes SHE is
Great pic.
Aw, no need to apologise! We likely did just read the same thing. It's a good quote, well worth sharing.
Chawn Lovely Town
I appreciate it!
Thank you for your hardwork,Jin!!
not I guess since many of them are tweeting about it
Hi kail! Nice to know you! I'm min from Malaysia
I will not be using any social media accounts (twitter & messenger) this week. If you have anything to tell me, you can text/call me.
My pleasure
Congratulations
Very happy for you
You deserve all happiness
May your new innings fill
Thanks man. You too, have a great Sunday
it so nice to go out after the rain
I am thanks! How about you?
Tweet me a number and i'll answer them
I Knew You When...@bambo_johnson youre the man
not unfair. a woman
Love them! Even if I prefer the following two albums
I went out with my (friends) even though I don't like most of them
hope well
Fico feliz por ti Mandy
Goodluck for the concert ... I'm team house tonight with missing tix.. .. so sick...
I've never watched the show before, but you better believe I'll be watching it on October 28th!
On my way to work
You're welcome. Are we partying?
hello!! study well, be happy always and God bless!!!!
Glad it made its way over to you safely! Thank you for the support
Remember folks: we ship worldwide. Spring
Really enjoyed this webcast. There were many nuggets of wisdom in this talk. Thanks for sharing
Mejo busy. Up to the last minute of my weekend. Ang ganda niyo tingnan ha.
Thank you sooooo much!!! Wear
Yeah but I got three so.
What you get up to bro?
Not unless gonna eat them at some point
Thank you for giving me opportunity to attend and giving me to introduce myself during iv today Good to hear soon !
Mood we love you dear Charlie
Would anyone like to let me use their Sunday Ticket login so we can watch the Ravens game later today? Pretty please??
Visit our booth this coming October 24-26 and get to know more about AMVian life!!
See you!
gives excitement to my sunday evenings
to the owner
Sonntage sind perfekt neue Tinte unter der Haut
You too Ryan, thanks again
Ooo excited! Will be awesome to start the week off with whatever it is as I know it will be awesome!
his spunk!
Sino may gusto? Hehe may 3 pa akong extra
Attention plz.
Thank you for your attention
It is Angie, not sure on the price
On my way to Charing Cross with Dadda to meet all the wonderful people Will post updates this afternoon xx
Alguien me tradea princesas? Busco doble cambio por token, y tengo 3 tokens
Ate I got your new published book on a discounted price
Thank you all is splendid
I Know Y'all HATER'S are Watching. Have a seat cuzAm doing Just Fine. A Star is
Yes he is
Sun shine.
Yes! There's additional charges for Singpost as well. Additional $0.50 or $1.50 if I'm not wrong for printing out the ticket
Awwww that bee is adorable! And prolly tasty too
Ha! Thanks Rachel!
Shame not so nice there.
Lol. meeting Thursday lunchtime. We could go for a walk on the beach after a cuppa.
day 21 - mushroom
I had some fun with this cute washi-tape do you think it's a nice
Visit our booth this coming October 24-26 and get to know more about the AMVian life!!
See you!
It depends who You are Private or work's vehicle
Thank you so much for your wonderful compliment! We love to see our customers smiling every day!
Ah ouais ?
Happy family
Think Imma attend 2 Services at Church today.
In the end. Magiging ok nadin ako
Anybody want a ?
Thanks Whole experience was fantastic
RT Gobbling bite from The Ecastasy Hawk bacon and croissant
i miss everyone in my twitter , even if they see this he/she wont give a F.
Cute
Grabe naman. Hirap magcheer! But happy to watch the rookies going up against one of the reason's why they went
Wherever I go, I have with me now this is so cute!!!!
Thank you so much for sharing!
Adorable
you need to key study on farmers ..
you dnt know nthn
its lyk medical students can do the work of bank employee
Whine
thank you cielo ingat sa byahe
With me on the floor
A FAMILY THAT PRAYS TOGETHER - STAYS TOGETHER
Always nice try new ways
Eating your dinner straight from the pan to save washing up. Sophisticated!
Hey hey, armys!! I have 2 extra tickets for BTS LY Tour in Taiwan, Day 2 (Dec 9, 2018) Section B, Zone 7800. Kindly DM me if ur interested
I am so Happy and Grateful for another day of LIFE.
It is the Greatest Gift.
I AM RICH!
Currently listening to your song "Di ko lang masabi"
Be careful not to believe your own propaganda.
My favorite kind of sunshine
He must atleast be good with breakfast & braai the rest I can handle.
Yeah! my avatar
If I were closer heck yeah sadly live in Edinburgh go break a leg as they say in showbiz and rock it you'll do good x
.otewe surabaya dulu
Uhh could I join? Would be lovely to hang out with other armys
check this out
Two of my Favorites in one place Thank you as always
An amazing city! Loved it there
Thank you Imissyou
Thank you to Eothen Homes for having me on Thursday I loved having a cup of tea and a chat with the lovely residents after the singing!
Tired but hired.
welcome, Stephanie
Thank youu You were awesome kanina sa game
Made me smile on a bad day...
Thank you for your hardwork
That thread is beautiful
We're glad you enjoyed your experience with us. Hope to see you again soon
Thanks for sharing.
Not ripe yet for sure. But the smell of the leaves and the green-yellowish fruit mesmerising
Making it work a 6:48 today
I already did
Glad to see that four of them are women officers
I did, and she says thank you!
Thank you for the platform Didn't know we were so many. Mine is about taking care of may natural hair.
Eciyeeee si mbak memperhatikanqu
Good evening
Yes and very handy
He's a pretty handsome chap these days, AND has a sense of humour.
I've been wondering if you still cook you twitpic less nowadays
Kindly please click heart heart lang po ang counted thank you so much promise
why I wake and chase my dream everyday
I'm obssessed with home makeover shows so I really enjoyed seeing how the squad helped organize your place and make it cozy
Aw, thank you! And thanks for doing the giveaway! Your artwork is
Tq.
one word about Superstar Mahesh
The best kind of day
I could get used to this
Full of food
WISUDA, 15 Oktober 2018
Thank you, dear friend! I hope this year brings you so much happiness as well!
Allowed myself to break, and I think I won't regret it this time.
Thank you, Sir Lhar
Sorry, mark oppa is mine.
That sounds like a perfect day!
Good evening Toshl san please write English too.
It will be up later today!
That's why we're the champions
That's good it's finished safely. Rest well. Oppa.
They say old is gold and i agree Here's my reaction to classic (Link is
Esh esh sir
You lucky man! Can't wait to read your thoughts Sorren! What a range
Haha glad your bouncing is not in my vicinity not got the energy for it today
Born Singer it really defines BTS journey as an artist.
Fall in LOVE with GOD first and He will place your heart to the RIGHT PERSON for the best reason.
Sa fait 2 fils
Pros of living in China: the food is mostly oily so its easy to purge
Cons of living in China: the food is mostly oily
If I worked at your local shop I'd card you every visit
Thank you. I think i'll do just that
Deserved to be respected
and
Congratulations, (aka Ernalyn hehehe)!!! wait to see you in more films.
O pampagood vibes mars
De ontem
Sky, water, together, beautiful
- Lymington River, Hampshire, UK
I can't thank you enough! We MUST vote in record numbers to take back the House and Senate....and we've
Thank you I hope you've been doing alright and everything has been good
Brilliant idea! Genius
Hermanus is my next stop
Beautiful Valerie! Have a lovely Sunday.
Thank you so much
Awww, thank you so much!
Going for some lunch at wetherspoons if anyone wants to join me and captain Proton
Same (Love Graeme & Oti too!!)
Yes! Great view of the city and you can learn a lot without even stepping out of the front door
good luck today
Welcome bruh. Impress with your art work
What did you spill now?
work harder and let's meet (again) next year! I will wait for u guys to come
thanks for making us
What about seeta white case...
wish you were here, Pap
Cute Girls Rule the World
Look who I caught reading The 11:11 Wish Shirley Delta Blow
Sian who
Uy, you got a standee! Did you win it, Judith?
brave pretty girl licking and sucking dick
Straddle 2-wheels tonight with these motorcycle girls (87 Photos)
Good Sunday morning everyone. Have a great day!
Just another reason why we should have got two shows
Tomorrow on
2nd entry into the Series goes live
Hey there Miss Ferrera good morning have a lovely Sunday Funday
Selfieeeeeee
Found this way back 2014
yeay achievement unlocked
Drop your favorite picture atm
Sorry loves but thanks to me beeing in the Netherlands there will be no stream today gonna make s full day stream this week instead
Jogging tom.
I'm back. But less toxic
Ohhhh boy!!! I wait
walwal ba tayo pre after defense at submission ng infomercial my treat dami kong gusto ikuwento sa
STEAM! The arts are included
I
Thank you for the lesson.
Thank you so much for trusting us again! next time.
They will.... have faith v literally wants to go back here in the philippines sooooo... yeah
Todays Healthy easy to make grilled Salmon Lunch I Threw this together in 10 minutes and ate it in 2 mins
Hi Hyewon!
congratulations dear am ne tume reply kiya hai
Advance happy birthday!!
-M thank you
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
You too
My favorite song at moment.
Super warding by SAMIJI
Then Christmas
My favorite Can is happy Can.
Clare please delete.
The score has crossed 300 Mark.. Sammy
Oh I was there earlier
thank you...but he inspires me to get fit physically
Thank goodness for my kuyas
You can't beat Felco - the real thing. Had mine for years
Hi - you may wish to share this?
Mine is plain and clear, but what's yours though? I'm sure all of twitter wants to know too!
Love the pic Katy.. Beautiful
We can do it!
Ask your friends what they live about you. Your smile and laugh among other amazing qualities
Pretty sure still waved and got this nice 2 hour coach journey ahead of me
Thank you
Huhuy SM City North EDSA
Great job by you and the guys today you played so well
Thanks pals, it was really good to use
Come on We will do on Twitter to celebrate . Such a good reason to
I can't wait to move . I hope you are well
that should be me
Gracias jonass
Ah OK my misunderstanding. Thank you for clarifing that.
It's okay no worries
It's Ok Cutiepie
Tiring but it's super worth it.
Cute and handsome
So genius. Hahaha
He's fifty? Seriously?
I really wish i can do that. Gusto talaga kita maging friend Talk to meh lang.
Well, at least doing something positive!
anon try the biore one!!!! buy from landmark supermarket less than 300 lang oh my god mas mura pala last time
Thank you for the lesson
Okay je comprends
Nice one
Amazing - thank you
I agree with you my precious sugar adored &Magnus our power and our secret antidote the
Of course well done you for keeping up the bounce
Dirty \u201cDice\u201d Clay Nursery Rhymes nostalgia (16 Memes)
Great prize.
you might be able to? you might have to make an account not really sure xo
I just opened my twitter and saw all these bread tweets...
Dont we all love bread??? Bread happy, we happy
Finally upgrading my monitors. Two screens on the way for tomorrow
la votre poke
We can do it!
On our way!
Awwww. Not bad for 84, not a grey hair in sight WHO'S A LITTLE CUTIE THEN? YOU ARE! YES YOU ARE!
and i've never been more certain
i will love you til---
Was just adding the train left a little late as it was part of the concern! Are there no problems
How good was it?! Deffo a new fave
Mirrors by Justin Timberlake and Yellow by Coldplay
3 dodos
Still haven't had better Chinese or Asian fusion food and I left over 20years ago !
You're welcome!
Thanks Ana Knew I could count on you. Obsession? Never... x
And the videos of especially a particular repair/cleaning video, confirmed me in getting this one.
I did a thing on my phone. Dunno where I was going with it but I'm happy with it.
Tagging cause
And you should keep at it cuz you'll be getting a lot of duas for it Go get us what we all
I am
Then Logic is only an illusion
Very much happy for you both.. you imagine how much happy I am be
Just started that last night!
Thank uuu
Thank You
Portrait by garbero_photography
I had told hubs I thought the actor was dead. I was so happy to see him show up!!
Ahaha yes they were fun to watch hope to see more
Omg thank goodness because after I got it I was like I hope google lie to me hahaha... thanks I hope it heals well
watching an old Monarch of the Glen and this wee face pops up. Awww not changed a bit
Thank you
A wee treat.
wow thank you!
first appearance at the Egyptian Pavilion SIAL Paris
Meet us at Hall 4
Omg i dunnno what to say cuz it fits so well
Idhi Mana position without Bumra Bhuvi
good enough for me Simon
THIS IS IT!!!!
Io in canottiera
Gwapo is life ka rin po pala pero its ur choice naman. Im happy for you no. I can be attracted by your looks
Oh easy lol thank you
***** Good morning & great day Elizmi
Dressing time
Mistakes give you the best lessons.
Awww thank youu hahaha God Bless!
Be proud of yourself.
Snappy Time.
wher can I get SM forms?? I wanna join the family
Thank you for coming home with us
Hello I'm not functioning very well today I'll be here once I feel better I hope everyone is doing well and
She said me too
Come live with me instead
Happy birthday grace
6 days left going home at province!!
TOUCHDOWN
Hayaan nyo napo yan dont spoil your happiness team abroad din ako but i am not there to witnessed
She had the most amazing smile enebe
This is a lot more illustrative! Thank you
Can you believe nearly November. Lush weather today and not cold here at all.
Our delhi ka Launda for all delhi fans
Good to know.
Thursday morning. See u.
one way of letting your anger out :) gonna be fine. Smile your heart out ganda
Es Miren
Loving life feeling as a song Bard Song Pennsylvania
Not my fault you see morally wrong, hope you make the connection soon
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
Studio 7 na
Queen
There is nothing like the smell of homemade bread. Delicious
Cooked in thermomixespana and ollas_gm
Thankyouuuu no wonder her room looks so empty hahha
The Happy Dozen
Booked for a party of 12 on my 40th birthday. Great menu, fantastic food, very
Unexpected nga kita sa Davao
Thank you ate sa libre
Es treat you better
Good evening mih luvs
Libre akon printtttt, thankyouu frenyyyy
found it now! Thank you
Gracias a. Ti...!!
Tanto
Ung mga singer-performers very attentive din sa lizquen on their side.
Baby girl
Thank you
Ha yrrr....Sb thk h
Hago ma student - athlete pero lingaw siya at the same time
Your wcw got smoked out last night and sent home for agreeing with systemic racism by saying calming neutral.
That was all cornered off when we last went. Will have a look round next time we go up
I'll be posting Thailand beauty products. I'm open for reseller. Pm me for orders and inquiries.
Ah izone are doing menpa
Happy Anniversary to us another month added to the journey for the rest of our lives 1 year & 7 months.
Today is J2 Sunday so I will rt a lot more things than usual. Sorry about that.
Weight 9.1 & Height 21 inches
Its ok for you youve got yours
Books connect people
Thank you for the info.
Depends what part
Simplicity. Less leads to more
The secret of being HAPPY is accepting where you are in life and making the most out of everyday.
.
I hope you have a good time in India
Hi Dave. Thanks for the follow back . not too bad thanks love.
I healed by seeing this video.
It was good that you enjoyed a lovely aspect of panda
Have a
welcome
Congratulations!!!!!! wishing you both love and laughter
Wow
Looking forward to Wilson Arnie after next week! He looks so good
Keep up the good work Soon u will get the Keeping gloves from
, saw this and thought of Dogwood.
Winters can be tough/cold/wet, that's true. But it's also christmas market season
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Hello!! Nice to meet you!! how old are u?
Remember that old vlive where Tae was saying yeah vhope we have best
Congratulations Imrul Kayes for ur wonderful you have always been wonderful against Zimbabwe
Aww :) thank you for those kind words hajur
welcome
Go check it out guys
It was the cineworld in Castleford
I am so sure really getting better
Will check for sure
Omg contented with just reading your tweets
Thank you for those excited with our flowers today, have a good day everyone
Beautiful song . He truly loves his mama , I get it health is so important and not guaranteed to last . Life
Feel free to share! raise awareness of endometriosis!
Enjoy xx
My little sister is too kind
seen so many people saying they are - I am and so is my OH
....you know where my loyalty lies. Haha
Going on Monday, very excited
actually love to start YouTube someday
My Dad sat me in front of their films from a very young age that and The Goon Show totally explains my sense of humour haha
Bom dia
wonderful now that you're still here!
She has Mooseturd on her Hot Dogs ! I have Mustard !!
so ayon nga ho no? exams and actual bukas hehehehe laparin review
Haha bless him
Happy day my dear friend
Oh bienvenue Osiris
Idk what to say to you po, stay strong and hope you become a successful FA someday
Hello
Celebrity plis buy me food after church
9:31
keceriaan acara mandiri carnival 2018 baguspippo
Merci
tiada undian majoriti sayang thats why rela naik public transport rather than sewa kereta
Will do! Thank you
I open your photos every time you tweet.
Thank you
I agree
By/ Evelin Saul
Rt/
Gusto mu bang kumita? Click the link to find out how
The shape of the logo is in curves, as opposed to rigid lines, to represent flexibility. Coincidentally, ICE can also be read in the logo
It's Been A Year Of Intense Growth!
Road to MLK Website Launch
Feel free to message with any questions
Haloooo~
Singgah sini jap nak copy beberapa link got7 kat dm lolol
I will not be using this acc anymore, find me at
Do you know any urban legends? If so, tell us about it! Legend ng crush ka ng crush mo
Thank you greatly
' nothing like a bit of ' downward '
Dm sent
Welcome to world
Junior Onazi
Oh I totally agree, very poor. But we dug in & got the result. In the past we would have just folded. All to play for. Xx
I follow back
Registrada
Business is booming, very simple but effective Never sleep on an idea no matter how simple or complex it may be
Just some minor location adjustments
Some cute pics there
Nice job iKONICs ! Thank for voting at Starple, not much left to be in Top 10
+1
New word for today. Tq Boss
stress na sa work lai?
Happy thoughts
I watched both your work. 1st view was mine. I liked it.
No as I've been traveling but a friend has caught one for me
Hello, Holy Ghost!!!!! It's good to see You!!!!!! In other words, forget "Hello Heartbreak". Sorry, !
I called them earlier, got through in less than 10 minutes
I like what you did there.
Your wcw got smoked out last night and sent home for agreeing with systemic racism by going about it neutral.
Flight Attendance Landing Position
You're welcome
Pagkain ng soloista. Happy meal!
D'accord
Don't think lile that! You're beautiful, trust me
Cocooning, lecture , blog
Obbedienza civile.
I just decided to be with them for the rest of my 2018
You smile, you laugh, you talk really loud
But in the end,
look in the mirror and you see your broken self.
My favourite winter dish has got to be beef stew and dumplings
The goal is to watch the whole twilight saga today
Oh snap! Yeah from Snellville, about a mile from the Shiloh cluster so I went to all the schools! where I grew up
Thanks
My boy loves them so i keep'em in stock all the time, BEST!
GO ATENEO
GO CREAMLINE
Cheering all the way from the city of smiles
You might enjoy this little free online offering from
Current $QTUM price: $4.11
Binance registration is now OPEN for limited time!
Happy Pastor's Appreciation Month!
We are grateful and truly blessed for all your goodness Ptr. Bobby! God bless you always!
Get delicious vegetarian ingredients delivered straight to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh
Love you so much, Nicole!! I am so thankful for your trust and friendship here for you always!!!
Christ Embassy
thank u ate tin!!!
calm thy hearts o God
Thank you Twinks.
'Long Story Short' is launching this Weds 24th at
Thanks for this interview about the
Imran Khan speech on Leadership, Governance & Sports at Bannu University via ... Leather Jacket is Back!
Noted
Wow so beautiful view gorgeous girl. Wow . You just incredible
thanks Ms. Ellie
Morning You know that's one of theirs I don't know...... *skips on over to youtube*
the most important thing is that you're happy now bless u.
I now understand and agree.
Talk about a wake up call!!!
Bye bye all! See you at our next HYAS event/ trip!
...really? Awh~ you're nicer!
I can translate, so I try to bridge the language barrier hehe
I encouraged everyone not to go to a certain convenience store cuz it's run by dump supporters.
if you want to have a pint
Good morning!
Totally! I packed it but have a laptop
COLOR_IZ
Finally after 7hrs natapos din kita
Indie recreating your advert
I like that you like what I did there.
Fab news you enjoyed your day Jas! Good luck on your journey to Uni
Thank you Colin
You never failed to amaze me
berra buy.... I could help u drive and warm it up weneva u ain't around
be aware!! pherse war ho saktahe
I will call you.
I will find you.
I will hunt you down.
Try at another moment Ki and make sure you talk ok
welcome
the cutest bunny ever tag any cat lover
See stew oh. coming with the rice
Och
Laundryyyyyy
Thank you for that info
happy where I am thank you
I'm just gonna leave this here for my
Although the score line helped
berra buy.... I could help u drive and warm it up weneva u ain't around
Thank you to our lovely parents who helped tidy and de weed our allotment! Looks fabulous, ready for the children
Y'know you're allowed to just take selfies if you want mate You don't need to rope animals & plants in as an excuse
Wala po hehe tagal mo mag reply eh HAHA
Can you do the fandango, Alec?
Yes HAHAHHAA charot
okay. . but aren't you curious who is the sender?? because i found it cute y'know. d'awwwww.
Good luck Andy and well done for getting out there
Thank you so much
Ah he's so endearing
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
kindly follow for trick monitoring and wait for the confirmation
Submit to God, and you will have peace then things will go well for you.
Have a blessed sunday y'all
Thank you very muchhhh Lord
manis na dehhhh Ethes
Took this on Instagram yesterday
The BEST PROJECT YOU WILL EVER WORK ON IS YOU
Thankyou brother.
Hello twitter
Lovely
sokay. thanks btw
Thank you so much! Definitely something I would enjoy, will read now on the drive home
Sa motivation Ayieee, no problem!
Thank you! Looking forward to our trip.
I'm happy with it.. Cameras superb on it myk
Good Morning woke up in a great mood this morning
Likewise
French kpoppers are the best one to make a good ambiance at the concerts . Blessed.
Truelalu
Thanks Sue
We all do
Hi Ask me anything!
Vamoooooooooooooooos
He is a Rockstar now.
Stopped now so going out for lunch
Morning World Beautiful morning for the race day!
Europe and the EU
welcome aboard
i wanna close with my mutuals. So, reply with ur name and line
Behtreen post Bro
Just
Okay im going to answer the rest of the questions now hehe
A real world application for some of the problem-solving techniques we learned at MathsFest yesterday
jjadex start following you, like your comments :
Ich denke, das kann sich sehen lassen
Up early w/ my mom & grandma
Have a great one too, typical lazy Sunday for me
B brownies all mine
thank you vanne such a cutie love you and God bless
Just closed from church, hope I'm not late, lemme just say u look good in that n go quietly
It looks it Glad you are enjoying it. Xx
hi follow my second acc i decided not to change my
I should help you with the spelling of Fufu
Nice job iKONICs ! Thank for voting at Starple, Top 10 is just around the corner
Realiti
Ha ha nope, saved for a special day such as today
Very well explained Sir
Lol Thank you and by hag I mean my silk scarf or bonnet may still be in my head, and in an oversized T-shirt or pajamas
Alrighty
performance at loisa's album launch :)
Galing galing sumayaw tlaga eh
hello po, enjoy life and be happy always study well!! God bless
i'm gonna study until my eyes burn
Got these from today
you're absolutely right
And be yourself
Which other celebrity will love to hang out with me if given the chance?
Welcome te.
Is it lifesize?
FB posts from my daughter, Terri.
Less than 48 hours until KID ROCK!!! I can barely contain my excitement!!!!!
Why this question ? Its clear by the spelling & their wedding date is publicised today.
Thank you
Thank you for the ko-fi!
LOVEs r so cute. See camera. Flashes slogan
xxtherawatii
Part 2/2 - NEW
- amazing me time and time again
Another really nice update
They will send you the mail. Thanks for coming.
Everyday is happy by
Lamat camsammmm
One word about ur die hard fan me
2) 2nd of july
Please check your inbox!
Thank you, classmate!
Aw, love this.
Yes! you definitely have to run & win now!
Thanks ate Cors
Lakers Day 2
Back to square one
you're welkam
Paskul kaman early? See you around!
Thanks Majella, we had a very misty start but it cleared away, hope all good with you
Syempre!!
Girls be like: I'M very happy
Girl
(2 Min. Walk)
I just died did a amazing job! Seeing him sing live is on my bucket list
Congratulations sir
RT Gobbling bite from The Ecastasy Hawk bacon and croissant
Ang SWEET naman!
Happy 368 days Mahal!
Sorry na late post. HAHAHAHA
Iloveyousomuch Mahal!
Unusual to see at Darlington.
On a diversion between Eaglescliffe and Northallerton today
On our road trip yesterday we came across a carnival set up in a back yard and carved our pumpkins when we got home
He must have been a JYD Fan Eric
Thank you ! Great hosting and
No, why should I care about your health?
It is due to my healthy relationship.
W A G S A K I N H A ? H E H E H E
Wieder einmal das herrliche Wetter genutzt
Southern Wind Rie a.k.a. Suzaku
Geek out with some nerdy fangirls (39 Photos)
New blog post!
Wilde About The Girl Book Review
Yes
Good Morning
RT Gobbling bite from The Ecastasy Hawk bacon and croissant
What does movie success mean to you ? And how is that gonna influence your Script selection?
We are looking forward to working with you after half term!
If you think other provinces are living much better than Baluchistan , you are wrong .
Morning sunshine
Watching for the first time - all the way from Singapore!
Now take good care of these ones
Farrah Rachelle you are awesome for doing this!!
Cutie nila together
Happy Birthday Tito/Papa!
From: Joy and Acee
Sana may pic
Willing to give out one then?
items marked with are already sold
Abrahimovic gave us an identity btw
Proud moment
Always looking forward for this.
It's a random beanie...Not a DT beanie
I just wanna take somebody girlfriend on a nice date and send her back to him I mess up happy homes
Have fun there btw can u do a full itinerary on ur trip? It'll help muslim carats a lot
Sounds such a yummy hamper think my 1st thing to munch would be the handmand biscuits
Happy Sunday guys
Wird hoffentlich super
Thank you Knatia!
Hey We are requesting to hear Silence by on your station
Good evening please have a wonderful Sunday
Thank you Brian! I hope all well, I miss you all!
Secerah harapan tercapai juara dunia, Me is the King! Hari terhebat di dunia
Thank you Alden
Hey We are requesting to hear Silence by on your station
Thank you
Happy Sunday!
Know your priorities
Ah thank you!
Thanks mo mo love you tooooo! Ummm get .... weird
Hey We are requesting to hear Silence by on your station
Ahhhh too cuteee! Eggsy trying to be polite
Why you smile ?????
A smile can be a perfect reply miss .
Try it
Pusha T knows what dash means in Nigerian slang. It means money given (not earned).
Get a free Nutella jar! Download the Shopmium app and use my referral code KFUFYCKJ thanks enjoy.
I managed to keep everyone alive in the end and felt SO proud of myself
Current $WAVES price: $2.00
Binance has over 3 million users! Join us today!
Let's appreciate art
CPAR NA HAHAHA
Que bonita la nieve.
I love her
Delighted you enjoyed it!
From my experience alone, If not unconditional, not love!
Cheers buddy. exactly what going to do
first appearance at the Egyptian Pavilion SIAL Paris
Meet us at Hall 4
D'accord
Hmm thoughts about sherelyne? Ibang klase padin sense of humor ng babaeng to
We know it
All credit to Very dignified!
Congratulations guys.. It's great to see when love finds a way to a formal relationship
Time to go back being happy
First, call my financial advisor. We've actually already had this discussion.
Just completed a 16.26 km run - Slower than I hoped, but at least I done it
By the time I walk there it will be Xmas hehe. You will have to have another one for me xx
Bon diumenge a tots!
Thank you!
Mr Wilder was the absolute best choice as Mr Wonka I have actually gone back and watched this movie today after
Sana may pic
Some People has forgotten me.
But I haven't forgotten what they had done with me
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Successful community day i think
Can you use a 2 for 1 voucher from a cartoon for fright night tickets? Thanks x
Okay i love showhyung now
Always try and make sure that way, good to know thank you
Hope you enjoy
Borst crowl.
Would love to win this for me and my partner Darrel, be good for our anniversery the beginning of December
Ready for tonight show
See you in a while
lors_d
"at our photo op/m&g.. wanted to hug them soo much azzir_ojdized that's ur album James is signing
Aww lovely x
Back to this tremendous country and beautiful city of Istanbul. I am thrilled.
New club and, of course, new
Go to BANGTAN tv channel in YT
Ingatssss Bhee....have fun/enjoy
May ma i tweet
from
This how big my afghan is now
thank u for always loving jisoo
I asked NutriMeow if she wanted to send you hugs
Aww thank youuu so muchhhh
Hahah when your boyfriend cheats on you and just C O M P L E T E L Y not fine
hi
Yes we are so proud of you D.Ocongrtas
read her replies bbyyyyyy she really has a point
I'm not I was being rather crass though
Hey We are requesting to hear Silence by on your station
6) Groups? Or other personalities? If groups uhhh, maybe little mix then other personalities would be hailee steinfeld, selena gomez
The importance of naming in programming.
I love u always and forever!
Been good thank. You ?
People who put their stuff on the seat next to them on a busy a f train are bastards
rtxrt pinned
Come, and enjoy A Sunday Roast at The Lord Erroll, complete with Yorkshire Pudding & Gravy on the Top
.
BLUE
Come, and enjoy A Sunday Roast at The Lord Erroll, complete with Yorkshire Pudding & Gravy on the Top
.
BLUE
Come, and enjoy A Sunday Roast at The Lord Erroll, complete with Yorkshire Pudding & Gravy on the Top
.
BLUE
Interfolio, Inc is looking for a QA Test Automation Engineer at Interfolio, Inc (Washington, DC) (allows
Hey We are requesting to hear Silence by on your station
You went to Iceland the other day, surely you bought some of the Greg's range?
Hope you guys could find your own peace outlet that you would loooove to do everyday, to keep yourselves sane
Yes, I am.
me too
Hahahahaha you must come hike with when you this side
Thanks Shirley! Lovely photo
Well are much deserved Julie. You should be proud xx
Still not been yet! Really want to go
Congrats, we are IGG family
Morning all
What a great selection! Very happy to be included
Sana nay pic
That's ok, hopefully next time I just get too anxious speaking within a crowd
And I
I felt a bit special that moment
Yes it is, l grew up here
Hey an Indian exol here
i thought it'll take forever to recover but miracles are real
Thank you
I always have my advertising students send me their goals. This one made me smile
Hi I'm from Philippines. I really really LOVE your voice
Enjoy the Haunted Mansion again!!!!!
GoooodMorning
RT Gobbling bite from The Ecastasy Hawk bacon and croissant
I hope this free CBT will help you as much as it helped me
Danke
Hello po miss
wait to see you too
Marespeto eh!
I drive past all these places and should take more notice. You bring them to life
"All I'm missing is a dash? Difference between me and Hova" - Pusha T Pun Intended (King Push)
Morning, wish you a fabulous day
Aww I hope you recover too with your hate filled mentality and attention seeking disorder.
Just thinking how we was in NYC, LA gonna be crazy. I so wait
Once in a while right in the middle of an ordinary life, love gives us a fairytale.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Granpa Cole would be proud
Happy day!
May your day be full of Inner Sunshine
Just did some timewalkings and now my itlv
Congrats and Good luck sa next game niyo! Thankyou po!!!
Chicken run
Thank you trix
sure a lot of things you can have pity on ... me and my age is perfect
Be still....
Lesson learned
You welcome B. Keep my cake
I am very much excited
Here you go - Mike. ^Shelley
I really do appreciate the little things
The effort is priceless,
I wish I was too, glad having so much fun you deserve it so much!
Mapaagod pero hindi susuko
The end
I am making a story connected to wizarding world hope you notice.
Great hosting job once again tonight
Thanks Richard
it has been a quite long time since i dreamed of you. Any plan to come by tonight?
Please like and share thank you
Have you finished reading a good book? What to do next? Write a review!
Thank you Scofy
This tweet, "huggable_me Hayaan nyo napo yan dont spoil your happiness team abroad din ako but i am not there
Live in 10!! Come watch as I get back into fortnite!
This tweet, "huggable_me Hayaan nyo napo yan dont spoil your happiness team abroad din ako but i am not there
You can go anywhere if you have confidence with you!
.
What do you think?
.
.
RT "Before you open your mouth..."
Babe, do you want these?
Hyungwon could you please type properly
Enjoy baks!
On sera
All of these are basically new, not yet open and still has their plastic cover ^^ Anyways, goodluck
Goooooood morning to you too! Get your coffee on!
Eres
That's all good, I understand
BOOM! Lucky 96! That's incredible!!!!
She's not the only one who saw it
Keep up the great work Tracee
I'm just being me, and if you don't like it's not my problem anymoreeee.
What are you up to today? Relaxing, adventuring, Sunday roasting or even working? Whatever you're doing today
i see you at blizzcon, i fly in wednesday so i have time to visit you
Good thing I also drafted Exeler
Thank you
Ich hoffe wir gewinnen
Remembering a dear friend today who waved to me from this field so often (and if I didn't see, I got a text. )
New day, another chance to live life, GoodMorning everyone
Brianna Leigh Paige Carter this is for you
finally after 2 months of waiting!
Sa una. Si Domz 4-5 sems ata.
Thank you, James! Miss u
Spotted car
Let me sign up as one of those kind of friends
THANKYOU FOR ALL THE PEOPLE WHO GREETED ME AND CELEBRATED MY BIRTHDAY WITH ME u guys are so awesome
Oo kay mag tong-its ta. Hehe
Thank you!
Making memories football and friends
Welcooooooome
Heh, heh
Sonntags Stress
Thank you Sha it was nice to see you again.
Congrats sa Orgcomm, next year ulit.
Ap baray ho gai ho.. thts why
Dan Greaves! Brilliant!
Directo de en con
vienes?
|
Hope he comes out soon
The best way to console
a weary heart...
Me too.. i will come if you need me
Most welcome
What type of Enrepreneur are you ?
Aww well I think cute too
You missed a few punctuation marks there.
Bcs yuri mention this song, i listening to this song again~
Thank you Sybil
C pas toi hich
Thank you
These 2 upcomming months gonna be the most hecting and at the same time the most interesting months in my entire life.
They've just created the ice cool effect
Thank you
So sweet boudi
Hi GoodEvening Ka wattpader
Call moko 09 6 6 7 3 4 2 2 47 o chat now po.
Thank you Sylveon is so popular so it sold out everytime so I'm glad I finally got one!
those man boobs...
woot!
thanks for the follow I have the Factor II Leiden gene in my family so more risk than most but no symptoms thankfully
This would be perfect for my 10 year old daughter Charlie....she loves pugs
Yes, watched it - cute!
Today is what I call a beautifully perfect Autumnal day
Sometimes, England is a such beautiful sight
I gotchu
Try add on cleansing oil & hydrating toner in ur skincare routine
Wow
Hey thanks for the follow
requesting for Silence by
Goodluuuuck and Godbless
Buwan // Juan Karlos (Short cover) ft.
Still holding my breath
Charles nga pala
Thank you, Dre.
Hey beautiful
1/2 Crosswise? HAHAHAHA
requesting for Silence by
Kya scene han phir ? Dhinchak dhinchak wala scene hy
Yes dear. Just a few things but all is well
Happy birthday . I hope having a great day
Waiting for breakfast to be delivered. The hotel breakfast is meh. Panacakes for my boys
requesting for Silence by
Panoorin nyo Gusy my Version by jroa
Subscribe to my channel Rainier Corpuz
Thank you
Thank you very much
When will you complete the mafia au? gonna finish it by December, I think.
Just had to Google lucked out to check whether it was good or bad! So, good then I hope your luck continues.
Tak
Ohh take your time with it if you need!!
The girls reaction time was faster than the normal.
Waiting for the DM
Look forward to following her
Sunday. Black ops 4 Gaming all day. Grilled Halloumi. So far so good
She'll be fine
Not really... that's why she hmu
Door and windows are kind of Vermeer-blue
Happy Sunday my friends!
thank you
RT Gobbling bite from The Ecastasy Hawk bacon and croissant
I bought 4 books in Fully Booked and National Book Store. Happy kid!
Thankyou for the memories.
I have a pretty cute dog
Well done! Make sure that you take some time to relax
sa lipa na lang HAHAHAHA it was nice seeing you perform
Dito samin. thanks in advance beche
thanks to everyone who showed up yesterday
awesome place, awesome people. cheerrrrrs to that
Thank you for giving me strength
Walking for the 85cm, 90cm approx 1.40pm followed by 1m
Can you whatsapp me on 07794007425 please
finally here!
so good
Lovely Jin & Jimin
Good for nokia.....
Neeee! To lohka
There so many beautiful reasons to be happy Mt. Maculot - Rockies, Cuenca Batangas
Thank you Christine!
Don't hurt the people who love you, by trying to impress people who could care less about you.
What you give you will get back
No thank you but I would appreciate a tour guide to khayelitsha
Still need 1 Mvson Halloween ticket for 27th October
Thanks I thought I recognised it, having walked a lot of the south coast, but sometimes it can be
Happy
Make I boil rice down
Busan Haeundae
Even more of them...
One of a kind fandom hope you guys sees it the way we do
Hello... How are you doing cutie
And "You Don't Know Me"
Thank you po Sir Lhar
ALDUB You po as well as sir ,Thank you for the authenticity
like to say a MASSIVE thank you to everyone that attended my launch event last night, it was a blast - My
If we debating two players skills and you go to a team award I already won thanks though
Congratulations
Some days good to have a chill day!
In the busy lives we live always good to take a step back
I meant your profile photo how are you spending your Saturday?
No worries
Black gold at its purest
Congratulations for such a selfless act of dedication to the community and wider world.
My friend, come let me tell you something
No problem! By the way, they probably arrived 1 hour ago I hope I get to find the hotel. Unfortunately I
tapos na hehe good
You are always as happy as ever
hah apa
Good Afternoon!
Hope you're having a great day!
Quite Possible!!
Alex and i staying in arte Hotel Wien Stadthalle
yep DM me if you want to debrief!
Always do good for anyone at any situation, for a human or just a cat y passed by, every little thing will
RT Gobbling bite from The Ecastasy Hawk bacon and croissant
Let's wait together, hope we get as much information as we need to make a decision
Great news for the country. Hope that you'll enjoy it too.
Hi crush Pa notice namn oh .
Thank you Anna, you're so sweet! Missed you too
Donate some bitcoin so I can help the community
1HtHRg93vLx8z71ptQMsp8jWiqg8uUXLZg
sower went out to Also, photoshop.
Thankyouu gurl huhu. Ikaw din if ever meron
Good Night
Sweet Dream
I got mine. I wait
Kfb
I've got better than screenshots
IT WILL be!!!
Thank you very much !
yezz hi hello
Thankyou din!
A normal dull and wet day in Glasgow, so I'm checking out some pre-WWE
(can we get you here for
Yes self paced
My music tambayan every sunday !! Thank you GMA for having again this kind of music variety show. Thumbs up
181021 D&E in Hiroshima Day 2 ~
Kece lah hyuk
.
.
.
.
Is this a hint that you have libertarian blood running through your veins, ?
Did not help. Thanks anyway. That still justify yung bashing kay Mc.
To more walwal and tambay moments with u guyz!
Aww, maybe if there's snow this year Nev is fine with running through snow but Toby was completely appalled by it.
Happy birthday carmela! God bless!
True, coz we have these cats/dogs too keep us company plus they love us unconditionally
yeah! and Lord's day din.
taga Rizal po ako hehe ikaw?
2018.10.21
I Miss You
I Love You
Thanks! I just saw the translation..
If you're reading this, I hope u find someone who hates hurting your heart.
It's not even her birthday, I just think she's gorgeous
I did and I don't regret it
Awesome show brother man, your playlist is fire can I drop my top 5 songs
Exacto
I must say I don't like popcorn, I go for the icecream
Thank you so much
My first blessing! I'm awake!Thank you Jesus!#SundayMorning
thankyou
Little DIVIS wanna keep their noses out MY business that does NOT concern them
Sabay kain ng pizza with pineapple
hi happy birthday thank you anoooon!
Nothing hidden about it.
An angel Jiminnie with new color. Luv it !
1. B. 1992
Join in guys
A lot of guts.
It's okay. I hope you get home safely!!
Thank you ate Anne!
Great, followed back
ok
so cute
In case you missed us... please follow us
a star! Thanks
Watching a 1937 version of A Star is Born
Subhanallah
Tak!
Thank you for the many Likes and Retweets!
Thank you
What an amazing team
You bring out the man in me Is that a giraffe in the background? Like holding it in your hand?
That's great Babai adhesisthadu Abbai patisthaduLove# family
Anything to help a fellow ELF/Petal out. I hope your family closes this deal.
Hi coach ..did you already get my small presents for you and for nic ..? Hope you like it po..i
it's awkward for him not me
The sun's awake so I'm awake so we must play!! Watch me be dodgy asf tomorrow cause I've used up all my beauty
Total shit bro. Too one way Antonio Valencia
Thank you!
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Sb num diye
it's okay! I'm half ure better
Boybandphxsong suntok sa buwan by eraserheads!
Happy Sunday...
Thank you to have made it possible
Thanks Bill, very kind!
Please
Hayley via sa storie Instagram
How deep is ur love
Loved it Chief in my opinion okay to be average(we love well people would say you
Congratulations And for your marriage date is out ,happy married life in advance
O really.. Don't have any experience.
Thank you
2. A. e-Will
Join in guys
We have new breed of Kings and Queen singers on GMA! Christian Bautista, Mark Bautista and Julie Ann San Jose.
As always..SOoo adorable and cutie baby Solly
May God protect and bless you always.
Happy Sunday and enjoy your
I have quite a few hehe, I made that one and many others this one I made is
Thank you, very useful
Thank youu famod!
always grateful
Thanks for sharing
Thanks Karen
Its a pleasure.
British museum
Thanks! Especially for your kind words
Baby rescue turtles from from the Habaraduwa Turtle Sanctuary in Sri Lanka
I decided to change my name account!
Help me to choose one
I really like the smell of the pigsa in my toes
Only for you
something between space and dragon ace
I think they look amazing so why not. Also with opening commissions you can't Lose anything. I'd say go for it
Have a spectacular Sunday!
Aww hope you have a great time! Enjoy yourself! -Nathan
lol sure why not thanks
In our seats waiting for the film to start
not even if your partner wanted to get a matching tattoo with you one day? Not even then...
mooreee pa po pleaseee thankyou
Waistcoats for the win x
Such a lovely Sunday
Hustle is very attractive
I know how to cook, teach her Biko
Tune in to Radio Liban 98.1/98.5 FM 8pm
I cant stop smiling too
I declare you Queen of the Selfie
Sry pr Mei nhi a paunga busy hu
Thank you
patience is a virtue so keep on study until the long wait is yet to come
Your gifs are great! But thank you very kind
3. A. Arya
Join in guys
Mkrning Brian Have a dreat day
my kind of date
This is soooo hot
feel like work out at all this week and have a pt test Tuesday
Please stop discriminating against Iranian gay people. Thank you
As always..SOoo adorable and cutie baby Solly
May God protect and bless you always.
Trust me Kano a bad idea to serve. U will be fine. Just trust God
INAAAAAANG
Happy, healthy and blessed ones
I like the top left one.
a good tenant
I think today is your resting day,.. it's nice to see that you are answering to your fans.
You were that someone I barely notice before. But this life is just so good in making twists and turns
Is this new news?
back
Sadly I didn't get a mark pc but thank you for the albums freebies
That certainly sounds like a day well spent! We'd love to see some of the pictures you end up with.
Better together. Until the end. Thanks to labunix
northbound today
But not travelling in Coach P
When you feel good about anything another person has, you are attracting that same thing to yourself
.
.
.
Awesome!! I really love her design and background one thing though- I believe people from Iran
Exos reached Max VR2 !
Congratulations !
Glad to hear it. Thank you!
Hope the rest of your day goes well
Pure joy indeed!! Thank you for sharing
Says the woman who posts hateful things towards trans ppl. Good thing your god doesn't actually exist.
4. A. National pension scheme
Join in guys
Morning
Ask if you want to
Retweeting thank you
simlish
cinnamon (brown puppy) & sugar (white puppy)
stranger. but you got this! keep trying! I got faith in you even though I know you
Lol! That face of Rondo running away though....
Apparently something to do with looking oppressive if you have 2 force policy.
I have brought my daughter to Powis Castle and look what is on display... We had another little read!
Sounds really good. I saw them support once. Great live band.
Kyeopta
.
.
.
Never thought you could dance like this, hahaha cute~
.
.
.
I am with my Boyfriend
Merci
Pazarlar Sizleri Seviyorum!
VHope
Moe moe
thank you
Thank you so much!
We have new Kings and Queen singers on GMA! Christian Bautista, Mark Bautista and Julie Ann San Jose. Pag
Heyy heyy
Am at work now and the system is down so we're chilling for a bit *hope it lasts forever*
If
Thanks faiqha!
Good night to my baby uwu also eventhough not 11:11 gonna post it. I love him so much
Did stress relief streching video twice and I feel a lot better now Thank you Cassey this was exactly what I needed
Sexy Ladyboy Sommo Behind The Scenes
a hug. And nicely Meghan
5. D. All of the above
Join in guys
Last spot. Jariel's Peak
Yo justo lo acabo de hacer con la esperanza de que salga pronto Farewell Of The White Wolf pronto
Me when I hear the word BTS/KPOP
Thanking you!
yayyy! yasss pleeease
Always remember we are always here for the two of you!
few pictures from our afternoon with good friends yesterday
Hi Patsy. Very glad you enjoyed..
Thank you.
Mood after 7 long years!
now I'm breathing
Thank you
thank you!! morning
Create amazing content.
..
Once you know where your audience spends time and what kind of content audience
I didn't win the mega millions, but I did win the marriage jackpot.
Every Jack scene
Got her some white roses today. Hope she likes them seen her in a while, so might as well.
in Baguio
Nakakatuwa sa VVIP area. JaDine fans of all ages.
Hi.. Can you follow back
Goodmorning and Happy Birthday you to
Currently walking to the river
All available stuff!
Slide to see all items
DM if you're interested!
International shipping
Hope you like
First fight scene and peace meeting scene
I feel bad for them and I just simply ignore those a-holes. And I smile.
Yep! Sure is; if interested just DM your address and post it this week!
Yiieee thank you Lord and to you nics
Watching today's final as a neutral I'm a fan of both players and saw them in Crawley at the start of the week
Wow~ a very special and beautiful place!
To you maybe. But you know how we are here.
Happy to hear about your positive experience Enjoy your holiday to the fullest!
Cuties
In my house there is a decent possibility
Hold onto your butts, Fangirls have escaped
Good afternoon
Your welcome
And thank you also
I'm on my way into town, are you doing another set? I won't be there until about 2.45 ish
at my golden year thank you Lord!
I'm on my way into town, are you doing another set? I won't be there until about 2.45 ish
i know your secret dont worry. it's safe with me.
Hai kindly help me to RT this job vacancy. I need to find more applicants as soon as possible.
Thank youu
I mostly love the one in the video where Mark Gatiss kisses him on the cheek.
Us
feeling better na lad, thanks.
de Menorca!
Se intentando pedir Burn The Stage: The Movie en
I think it might be this bad because we live on lower ground, and we live right across from a huge open space
... Shenina Cinnamon ...
Beautiful w / shenacinnamon Terima Kasih ya senang
Exactly
God never sleep
In the making of future animator
He requested his mom to sent me this photo today. I cried when I saw it. I
Hi Debs, hope you're still enjoying your break away!!
You should post this in your IG bec. Wow your idol is reaching out with his fans
thank you
Thank you Corrina.
Would love to have your company. I gave DM you
Drop something to night related to exo's album please
Lary... Nem te conto
Waiting sa full album mo
Welcome
Imrul Kayes!
What an innings!
144 Runs
I doubt that's true
Feels good outside this morning
Que linda florno les parece
Thanks for clearing that up
Happiest of Birthday wishes to a queen you are an amazing, strong woman & have been the best
Awiiee!!!
I miss shaking your hands ate.
You're welcome there might be changes so stay updated with gsc for more details
Today is 's birthday...plz wish her hero & make her day special
Maybe like and stuff. Retweet so I can get famous thanks. No jk but appreciate it
On year ago I saw Uwe do his magic on stage
Kurth
On the same page with you my G!
I sometimes wonder... Grabe yung love ni Lord! Kahit na tumalikod ka na pero yung love nya is the same pa din! Wow! Thank you Lord!
Congratulations to the organizers of ! Above all else, it's the friendships formed that matter
Oh ok! Thanks for the information
Siempre
Tan orgullosa de ellos.. RM hizo un excelente trabajo. I am always proud of them.. RM did
i love you so much come to Brazil soon
Sunday bake. Bit late for breakfast today Fresh sourdough smell in my kitchen. Mmmm. .
.
.
Chesco et Andy
thank you so much everyone I love those who support art. Art is
Thank you again
Hi
Caught 9
Yes, please
Sunday lunch
Dimanche et best of
Same here I wait
Done ! keep voting guys !!!!
I'm thankful
Co cuitttt
going into the woods today, too. my battery-recharging place.
You're welcome. I'm so glad you like it!
Hello good day. How did you order to the right side as you have the apk? thank you and for sure good image
a few more
That Jihoon's hand
Love you
Looking handsome
Thank you for loving and making us feel special
You guys are my
You take me to a higher place
Thank you X
Love those perfectly shaped eyebrows
Good, can always use a helping hand
lovely
Belated Happy Birthday Hope had an amazing day
I must have missed this yesterday. from a song called How Soon is Now? I know it was from Charmed too!
Isn't he lovely?
Isn't he cute?
We're getting there.
He had a brilliant game, can always rely on him. Lovely boy
65 with an amazing breeze & it is feeling lovely
I hope it will be mine
Buenos Town
happy 6th babe, thank you for everything you've done for me
i loveee youuu
Hope your having a great day Sheelagh oh i will wasn't fun
Need someone to talk to badly need new twitter friends
Anyone would think you like the NFL
Home from staycation
Good morning tweeters Sunday salutations to all, hope you are having a super day First things first..coffee
Thank you my friend
Beautiful smile
I miss my babies
Yoon Bomi and Heo Chan .. may your timeline be blessed by their beauties
yes!
Sto lat!
That would be an service then ^EA
Tinggal yang dk dari devilkin
Was great to see you too! I had a really fun night and will definitely be back soon!
That's great, he's coming next week near me but won't be able to go so I shall be thrilled vicariously thru you
oh jimin, so smart these days
Haha Alright thanks for the tip
I can't stop thinking about you.
Is this the reason why there's no dubu in sana's post? SAIDA shipper we win. HAHAHAHAHAHA that's so soft
.
Day 4.....To be continue...
.
Whatever it Takes dragons
X
Voy a copiarme un poquito de
hi bally
Thankyou ateee
Things will be okay
MercedesBenz: richardmsfmh That certainly sounds like a day well spent! We'd love to see some of the pictures you end up with.
Loved on Think he did really well, would happily watch him present again
MercedesBenz: SzymekMuszyski The exhibition will last until the 28th of October. Go see it while you can!
what better way to cheer up then to have crush compliment you jhscdydhsbgsuxjdb HAHA
Selamat malam
They might run Hillary in 2020.
That would be the gift that keeps on giving.
This is about me!
Thankyou
Our not blood related sibling aka fams attended Hera Seoul Fashion Week Young Joo for
It was all fun & games the other day.. now everybody butt hurt like noooo LETS PLAY WHORESSS
Yes
AMAZING!! Have a lovely day
Indeed.
It was poison of some kind - I will test for Salmonella
However, the Russians are NOT to blame!
Yes yes finally meron na pambata mga sissy
ADIDAS NMD FOR- K I D S
size: 31/ 32/ 33/ 34/ 35
very high- quality
EU VS NA!!!! Would it be or Fast forward to next week.
At least there will be one of my
Thank YOU
marking my calendar for this
Yet another impressed Internet stranger
Galing Naman my friend. So proud of you.
thank you!
Lol thank you xx
For Graphic designs call Sebastian
people can make you commit a suicide faster than depression
Lol I love when people leave after seen you thriving
IZ*ONE COLOR*IZ
PH only. DM na lang po.
With freebies.
850 php + local sf
DOP: Oct. 28
5 Color Ver.
5 Rose Ver.
Yan lang po available
Tagged by:
Non taggo sono cattiva.
Sometimes all you need is a night of vulnerability and deep conversations.
Congratulations on OFM awards runner up best independent retailer
I Love All The Songs. Hey Guys Do You Remember Me From Scotfest In July ? I Gave You Guys Letters
Cheers as always Tina
It was terrific information, shared very well! How could I resist?!
Sexy part and Ms. Sung Strawberryagain enjoyed it
Oh Acha Acha Thank you so so much for letting me know. May Allah bless you
Yeah,we can help them stay on top for a long time with our never ending support towards them
SPORTS are about never giving up or in!!
Jokes are sometimes half meant
Hi, here are our opening hours. Booking not essential but recommended. Hope to welcome you soon
Though it's most likely you'll only know your queue number after payment is done.
Thank you
I think it's Nimona by Noelle Stevenson
High by the speaks
welcome
Peeps need to start using emojis or the "SpOnGeBoB FoNt" whenever they tweet a joke that could be misinterpreted as being serious
This smile is everything for me Emre I love you so much.
Good Morning Happy Sunday
Ma'am please donate your brain to Italian museum
Kumawo
Ayan I got three sets of condoms and lubes. If malapit kayo sa rob forum better.
Us those
I am trying to be nice but you always test me.
Iba talaga pumalo si Ang lakas.! Go CCS for the Win.!
The guys exercising at the gym made a BTS playlist for their work out. And they play it everyday. My heart is happy.
ayy thankyou po godbless u!!!
T you sharing this bright have a very good Sundy Annie
when you're going to tell a lie, make sure to try the hardest not to get caught
Gin Baubles ...
I want to date you If you have money. Dm me.
Thank you, I wait the 70s gave me a great education, stable,well paid employment,affordable housing,free
Hai mam
How are you?!
And
Tell how is
Get what I'm expecting...
Hey there!
Out for some exercise at South Weald
wow voting team you're doing great! as much as i wan't to help, i'm not ios user so imma just stream
Congratulations! And thanks to you too.
alright, arrived now
Cupboards and fridge freezer all stocked up
see you tomorrow my love
Could I ask a little favour?
If you have ever had dealings with me, kent Therapy Clinic in the way of some
But... Another 18 hours of twitter use
Good morning! Have a blessed day
We wish you have a very happy birthday Mr. Scott. Greetings from Finland
Thank you
Yuhhhh we fly back tonight
Morning everyone! the day and just a little chilly. Better then rain
When you arrive there are two
Hi thedeekosh i would like to teach you on how to conduct an ethical experiment cause you failed bigtime
Up studying with my coffee
iKON is now
Literal na NO INVITE !!
Pero kikita pa din
INVITING is OPTIONAL only
No hype! Dahil pure E-Loading Income
Thank you very much dear friend blessings to all the moms
Buenos
Am glad to hear that !! Have a lovely day sweetie......!!
Thank you,
qjpb_
Thanks, Nory!
That is what I aim to be: short and sweet.
Thank you jade
Be happy
She mind us having a peep
Thanks Noy
I've got years of laughing at Wenger's divvy cult left in me boy
Binance has the highest trading volume on any exchanges
Click here:
$NANO
alright Nothing much just laying in bed watching videos before going to sleep
You know it
Goodmorning I woke up blessed & thankful that a REAL bitch
My favourite.
It could be , ffback and let's talk about it
Pac-12 Recap: USC Swims Past Utah; Washington State Wins follow me please
This ageing so beautifully... says the bottle of wine
In any event
Thank you so much We loved playing in such a wonderful space! Yes, roll on next year!!
Happy birthday have a great day pal
here (again)-a it is. Cinnamon? Orange? Clove? Nutmeg? A blend of all! Lifts &
he saw the ring, maybe he was afraid of missing a second time
SALAMAT HENERAL!!!
Great choices!!
nct empathy reality ver. 200
Now you are not fake news for them and they will
Perfection! I had mine on the patio, headed out for cup number 2.
That's really cool! I'll be looking forward to having a read
indeed a good thanks for best life as I think one loving all a plastic to order pizza,
Happy Birthday Alisa !! Have a lovely day getting spoilt
The More You Stare The More I Feel Myself.
The More You Laugh The Harder I Work
The More You Make
Spielen im Herbstlaub
Beautiful photo by( clnorrby )
___________________________________
Congrats CREAMLINE
Just win her love, she will give you her heart
sure you look good in a suit. Enjoy your day
All sorted now
You can be happy with yourself you are a beast Turco!!
Thank you thank you thank you
I think it's a great prize too...because it's Imagine Dragons.
I know
A uniqie political vehicle to grow for the future. Brilliant
9:15 is the start but video stream is at 12:45 am PH time
Hi friends!
"The result will not betray the effort"- Anonymous
Don't forget to study and pray for your
Sorry
Someone will always be better than you
I hope that lady sues your company
Choose Happiness Travel new roads
You can vote even not ios user tho
DM me for further info. Thanks!
Mmm nice work
I watch all urs
I voted early for all the people who support you. I wait until 2020, when I plan to do the same
wait
On our way, come on the teachers!
Yey! I can't wait!!! Eat well
Welcome back
So much correctness
tired but happy thankyou guys esp. Team Ananay
My fave bt21 character is chimmy
This is the Twitter I woke up for
THANK YOU for the visit St Joseph Village Pasig
It's just the beginning of his solo career If they're saying he does nothing, their just too
So long as your salary account is domiciled with us, that won't be a problem
He never will
Selfie wars... Just for fun...
This is my kind of forecast! Today is going to be beautiful
This is fantastic - used it the other day! I have about 35 Google classrooms.
Fighting !
Good morning...
I get where you're coming from there. I do the same myself sometimes. But if you
Loved loved loved the tap dancing guys on Will have to go & give a watch I think
yesss! thank youuu
Merci
New to Multiplayer (noob) help is much appreciated
Well that was a long weekend of humaning
Why on earth did I agree to making a roast when I knew I was going out last night Currently peeling potatoes feeling very sorry for myself
I will never do anything to hurt my friends even if it means hurt even myself. Those whom I consider friend knows this.
It nearly is. A cross between that and PG. Certainly drinkable
War es
thank you
A good book is like chocolate
Any version is fine by me but i would love to have andante ver. My bias is lay
Happy Sunday
Anglesea Road
Congrats and wishing you a very happy and Romantic married life .
Nice photo
Thank you
Lets live Life to the Fullest!
Good morning loves
Enjoy every moment with her
RT RT momen lawas
2019 will be more exciting! wait for the year to end already!
Totally unsolicited
Yeah ok thanks Chris
Let's help our fellow ELF
Releases in 11 days! Are YOU ready for the OFFICIAL video promo?
I know you are!
Nice... tough to beat!
Brampton mp with kamal khera and minister of parliament
I know that one!
Asi es hay algunos casos....#FelizDomingo
Nothing can buy happiness
Oh wow! Busy times ahead. Hope you have a great trip I don't know how you resisted the urge to not Netflix
Another meaning of SML,
Everything will be okay, J. I hope you are okay man Fight lang ta
till nextime fam
Reply with loves in three different languages.
Thanks for the 2k
PM watching this makes me so happy
Autumn is coming.
Nice toweet you
Good morning. Good day.
an insomniac so relieved to get the 4 hours feels really good
It's coming back
Enough to motivate me
Good night in my country tomorrow I have 20 day at job training keep happy and keep trying
I know
Going to watch it all now so sad I missed it
Instagram Ebook, packed to the hilt with awesome tips and guidance. You can download
Thank You
No job too small
Rest well once arrived at your place
Straight west, yes
Let's forget it fam. I don't want to ruin joonie upcoming mixtape celebration.
i saw bad times at the el royale tonight and went and had dinner with a friend
It is indeed. just started the new Murakami
Gulp! Eh, just booking now so
that's how bighit play the game
simple date but it was wonderful day
Na motivate ako hehe crush hug me hahaha as a goodluck for exam tom
Jgh
Sorry ort deng inbox mix te terb tea leng ort jes te kom tha rek ey
Waiting ...
I have tried 8 out of ten
forgot to bring kaoru variations today but i have this cutie accompanying me for dinner
I'm fine what are you doing ?
Omg is it you hyewon? Cakes make you happy but we'll make you happy too
Shots fired
And the fact that we can tell that they are fond of our boys. It's what matters the most.
yes of course
You are welcome
great! Technology can be a good thing sometimes!
Exactly you left me alone
serious?
Meal prep
Thank you
You will be the source of inspiration for me
If the 3 seniors were present, it would be another story. Nevertheless, it's okay for now. Bounce back, girls!!!
thanks laurr
Wifey made me breakfast today
TILL THE TOP 1st Photo Blanket
10/29
yung palo sa bola talaga is full of Energy
Player
Team Bahay.!
Safe travels
Releases in 11 days! Are YOU ready for the OFFICIAL video promo?
I know you are!
Thanks Sam. My Spurs hoodie is keeping me warm!
Mrc .... bab rak 9stha hhhhh
Yes, i'm feeling a bit better now dont worry
Yes! Indeed!
It is brilliant. A great game for such an occasion.
Very proud to have received this letter earlier in the week
I thought they were mostly on news channels
And that was that...
Congratulations to the person who named it a LAPtop
100% correct!
Blessed day!
My boo has me happy af
Anyong /kimheenim
how do Uooo do???
take care ur health
take all
You must be dreaming I am humbled
Miss Jackson is a song my panic at the disco
Good morning dear sweet Riko have a nice day you are very beautiful
Beautiful. Vienese waltz my absolute favourite and you smashed it team AK to win
Congrats Loves rest well tonight
good morning
Are you feeling better?
( ...
Have an amazing guys! This is the first month of and for the first time in many years we have
That's awesome tho! I love meeting ARMY in their 20s/30s (and older too of course!) It's a
Congrats Creamline Cool Smashers Nice game Ateneo Babies
Love it
Reports: "Exited Mullakal lost sleep, and is waiting for them in Jalandhar'.
lovely reba what she says its true
Now accepting memberships to the Bra
I am blessed because, God gave me a chance to be loved by a good man like you . All my decisions are worth it.
That's a cute set
Need some help with that hun?
Thank you
Sure, you were very logical
wait
An reminder to all carats out there
No, thankfully, not all some actually like !
Yea yea , am all yours
Hi was wondering po if we can stop na with the negativity? Kahit di mo bet si Bailey eh may
Bang Me today
bianca pureheart celebrity porn nudist sex groupsex older
And thank you
Releases in 11 days! Are YOU ready for the OFFICIAL video promo?
I know you are!
If you come early, then I can see you.
Sya yung nasa the voice teens dati Team bamboo
Viu Hehe
Very proud to have received this letter from earlier this week - makes all the work worth it
Putting a smile on a child is all the highlight I need
Great to meet you girls. Thanks for taking a photo with me.
is having fun I'm so happy
I do read fantasy, but not exclusively. I read a lot of historical and literary fiction as well!
thank you!
Thx! It was great all went very well and the audience and the atmosphere was excellent!!!
I can feel it too
No u more xD
Happy Sunday Meg have a wonderful day
You are welcome
So close but 4th at The World Championships we'll happily take that This mare has been super
so pretty under direct sunlight in love with it def looking forward to anything else u make in the future!
Drinking coffee, again! I love, love, love this city!
Pennsylvania please . And thank you
That is a good way to spend your day as well
I am explorers reading every sign Goodfellas Resto
Nice meeting you
Congrats for the new endorsement, Nicomaine!
family is so great! Warms my heart when ANY model has family support.
Enjoy your meal, my man!
Every paradigm shift is facilitated by the realization of facts that we were once oblivious to.
always grateful for everything
No more tears unless its because of happiness.
welcome to
Secangkir kenikmatan
Bought myself some tea today. It's not quite ready yet
[IC] anyone interested pm lang po.
Oh ok. Well thank you for replying
Listening to Living in the Eighties. Fab show Will. Greetings from a Sunny Basingstoke
Merci
Labyu tooo heheheh khit Thirdwheel ako
Thank you Karen, much appreciated!
Thurs-Fri off ko
freeze
Very good point.
Boleh try Bougas Serum slowly boleh hilangkan scars
Yes I love them both Alright! It's nice to know you
Hvala Zoki
No shame for my Ateneo-Motolite They did great, its just not enough Bawe tayo next game
Very well
pass it
Something like ma showed me before with carved wooden rollers, but that wasn't as complex
Best comment on naver tv
Spandau Ballet want to release new music ...I know this much is "true"
I can't wait to meet Bailey
I need a student tutor in accountancy subjects. ASAP.
jgh
Thank you for the Anniversary wishes.
Exceptional Experience - Delivered.
Guest Diaries at Grand Estancia
Ordered these to wear at the
Thank you Omar, much appreciated!
I'm looking to subscribe to more podcasts, and I want suggestions! What shows do you listen to?
Currently
would be lovely
Good evening
I will definitely do it again, I actually type the airport up it just tagged it, but thanks
Hi just want everyone to know that so extremely happy
Dont forget there's some tweeting going on!!Yessssssss bring it on!!!! Lets do some tweeting
Good afternoon lovely tweeters. Enjoy your Sunday. Take care and keep smiling xx
YILIN SONU BAHARDIR...
Yep
Seoyoung's IG Update
Blessing your tl with Theo Walcott singing
HAPPY?
HAPPY!
Sana kayo din
Do you still want Billy? be packaging up today to post in the morning, so can you let me know. thanks
Hehe try replying him now and see what he says
hope you can follow back
This makes me happy.
Good food
Good people
Good times
Check out our Sunday Specials Menu! We are serving food until 7.30pm today
I'll just share on Facebook.
Stew
porfa...
Price of Decentraland $MANA is: $0.072257
Trade on Binance with 50% discount trading fee
Think good thoughts
happy birthday ysab wishing u all the best!! god bless you & take care always
First concert since I was back at CAPA was last night.
Awww I'm glad you can feel it too now we have to wait patiently and it will happen
No u more my liefje
yeaaahhh I just checked ok na rin sakin
Same with my husband
Thank you personal person
Learn How to people and Become
thank youuuu ate
When will they be available to purchase here in the USA and how? Please and thank you! My Insania needs more company.
Thank you everyone who joined us during our charter night. Thank you for the love and support
Can you go live on Instagram, Louis?
Minsan lang
Bond together
Thanks
That's means a lot coming from you
I want dress the girls as
creamline ate... sweep!!
Stratis $STRAT price: $1.44
HURRY! Binance is currently accepting new users
Thanks
Done cleaning up now lemme eat
Swipe. Good Morning! Have a Spectacular Sunday and forget to be AWESOME today
Hey, how about a free Nutella jar? Just download the Shopmium app and enter my referral code AAEEKHKK
Merci beaucoup
Liverpool thank you for slowing down Chelsea
7.6 pounds and 22 inches
I'm so spoilt
Happy Sunday! a new video We continue our playthrough!
congrats baby pian
Sarap sa ears ng voice nyo.
Complimented with super nice song choice. Keep it up!
I found some awesome tweets to RT & share with you all.
I hope you enjoy reading them too
Have a great night/day everyone
Binance has the highest trading volume on any exchanges
Click here:
$NANO
Thank you, but our vet has approved 3-4 Tbs once per week.
My humans weigh less
My mum is single mom too ade 7 anak sume still study ... yess kiteowg dpt duit from kerajaan and ofc xcukup
Aw love that film
Merci
Oooh oki thank you sm po
Awww check out us weirdos, finally somewhere I belong
Oh okay, I can wait
Expert in games
Jenga muna bago mag Jacksparrow
As long as you're happy.
Ung katabi mo si Mark Barroca and his beautiful wifey.
Infernez, naiinip na kmi.
Sunday is my Movie marathon
You gotta love discrete electronics.
Lol. Well I'm starving and off for breakfast. You have a good morning and I'll see you in a few hours
I blend guna dry makeup sponge pasal light coverage kan kalau guna wet sponge takut dia take away too much foundation huhu
You are welcome
Done
Save the pic
thanks judah follow! Aku Angie 97L salam kenal ya
Moin
I can't.
India Batting winning this
Turkey.
lol my nephew makes sure that he texts me every morning around the same time that's my heart mane , fr miss them kids
Jgh. Had fun with them
I failed but I'm not a failure
thanks for coming sharlene! so kilig ah! will watch your movie!
Here
Out for a very late lunch soon and then off to show later
Fire away! Fire away!
Congrats creamline
Good game sa ALE!
Ako po followback lang po erp hehehe
Expecting an awesome race today with those Ferraris on your back
Thankyou
Thanx Dolly. Have a great Sunday
Both of you take care
Stay healthy
How happy you look! What a great picture of
Huwag loyal. Yung faithful.
Which country is hosting this?
This Event will be hosted in Singapore.
Unlike some people has cares about more important stuff
Seoyoung's IG Update
Thank you for inviting me
love these! following you now
Value of $EOS is: $5.47
Binance is TEMPORARILY accepting new users! GO!
Massive win over state yesterday!
Proud of the crew
followback juseyo
Thank you for the tag :
.
atleast qt
Thankyouu preee!
on my knee having a cuddle right now
Jennie hai
Akgaes and antis - booooo we dont need you..
Fvck you all she is the only one give encouragement dont give up on anything
We went there too - liked the Vantage Sol best ... you?
21. Othe languages I speak ?
A little bit arab (mostly slang words) and english
Happy Sunday! a new video We continue our playthrough!
Thanks you to
Thank you
Lovely cute haul. I love these kind of journals too,
And I appreciate you
Finally,happy ending. Thank you for the wonderful story! Looking forward to the next.
Steady sunday duty.
Yes, i forgot Japan was not WT. Well, congratulations for the winners!
Thank you
We had a nice time
bien
hold jaehyun's hand? awn that's sweet
This is one happy dog.
Marley be waiting for me to get off
Thanks for taking a quick action
Skyrim of course.
Kaka nge ship "SeokWoo"
Lez do dis! The story I have created might not be the best and unique story but let's give our 100% Pa rin! We can do this!
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
that's her twitter.
"La sobremesa" - Spanish custom of sitting around chatting (electronically!) after a meal
Wish him happy birthday for me
Thank you claire!!
That's lovely.
Could well be Its what I love about them, theyre individuals too. Pic is of Gertie (black hen) my now
Good, so will we
It is, lovely
IPhone 7 256 gb
will you be able to follow back please
Ahh! Thanks for explaining this bit! I based it on Chinese trans so the meaning could get lost in translation!
Thank you so much I hope you enjoy the recipe.
Yes, maybe. But I'm sure she won't mind
your HUGS are the BEST! It was nice meeting you ate i love you
mute back
Yay finally got my
Ps. Sa mga manunuod sa SM San Mateo kitakits po
Glad it arrived safely!
Well, that's how alter works.
My apologies.
Yup they do
Meaning of justin
Haha, I'm sure you'll figure it out I'm the same I'm so focused on Blogmas I'm struggling to
Today I am that my grandpa is feeling much better than yesterday.
Being healthy is so important!
Best way
Which country is hosting this?
This Event will be held in Singapore.
I will follow DONKISS ,Kissables, and Solid D. But follow me back! Okay?
Today is birthday....plz wish her hero & make her day special
Take both . Should make you doubly happy
Things That Bounce Thursday (17 GIFS)
check out this site for CUTE gifts for the holidays or just a gift for yourself
bon!
RT Raki_088: Someone gave me like this perfume. I really miss him. I hope we can meet again.
I really like Changsub's voice in Just Like You. Just saying.
He is, indeed, the Intro Fairy.
How I spent my Sunday!
After a long long time I spent the whole day with things which interests me a lot.
I live in NY19 & will be voting for Delgado
That's great to hear We hope you continue to enjoy shopping with Ocado! - Tyler
Happy happy I love me some Sunday for sure.
Come at me. I'll be waiting here patiently.
Ahh okay thank you so much
Just got home from liliw.
Thank you.
I'll experiment
If it comes out horrible, I'll send it to
Well done East Anglian One Offshore Windfarm Project This is how road closures should be...still allowing
i would just listen to seventeen songs, because they immediately make me happy!
Oi
Unfortunately I can not answer this as my brother will screen shot it and post it in the siblings watsapp group
Apologies for the trouble! We'd love to help turn this experience around for the better. When you
congrats to both of you , Finally you guy's are getting married nothing can be more beautiful than this
-to protect and I want them to smile more on their career. This is my story!
As festividades continuam.
Lil wayne Ft Xxxtentacion - - Dont cry
gurlllll I wasn't sure about you but now I know you're smart
Dinner all done kids enjoyed it and ate it all
always up for cuddles with you.
Happy little trees everywhere It was fun to do, would like to do it more often.
Thank you!! I will continue to tell them all about my home district!
I'm English
Maidstone East to Borough Green.
I think the word you need is
losing a Chanel earring for the sake of a shit night is brilliant love it xxx
Your welcome anytime mate its no gonna be anything healthy right enough. Am chorizo daft these days ha! Xxx
Pretty smile
calheahood
This was sweet!
As a parent, had that your language may be confusing conversation with a
Thank you so much Mike - I appreciate it. Have a blessed Sunday!
Smile is better than everything
Throw to IMAGINE
So did hubby
Thank you
Ahh okay po thank you so much
Yeah, I mean, if that's what you like then it will be
He got a certificate from a criticizing eye ...he is very lucky
The most important thing is to enjoy your life-to be happy-it's all that matters.
Oops someone is not paying attention when talking
That is true, Dave. And his account is the reason I got on twitter. Probably a lot of people can say that
I feel goo, how about you, sweetie?
Good Morning
Russ, Thank you Hehehe.
F. (1811-)
Totentanz for &
This guy is live and playing alien isolation. Go check him out
When my fast reply turns to seen, alam mo na.
Much more capable than it looks
Definitely will
New piercing loading
Beautiful pictures. Thank you
Thanks and I will hope well not spoke to you in ages xxx
You can stream it to
Lovely weather today
Definitely want to come in the spring. Confirm a date ASAP please.
Got my unfold premium! thankyou
Thanks for asking if what happened, Twitter.
You forgot Pocahontas
Thanks for this GA
You look amazing in jeans and top
Should write an article on this 'Digital Pollution"
Thank you so much I paint this last year
Someone go to the corn maze with me
Chocolate treats for everybody! Open for orders!!! PM me.
Thanks, Ma'am
I need to be awake in 4.5 hrs and I haven't slept at all
Hellooo
Je
The HQs I've been waiting for from non other than Mide masternim
Thanks
Thank you so very much!
Ahhhhh....I love it
This is the man who can make my heartbeat faster
The reason behind my smile is you
Thank you for making
Day trip to Columbus today to see my best friend
I know my place and worth.
A discount on your order
Definitely the first
Thanks!
are made for leggings and my favorite pair are 40% off online only making them under $20 I love the
Send a gift card, then you're gonna kiss My feet
You'll be okay
Missyou
i'm missing your love. i'm missing your face all of our past don't let it erase
Wow!!! Is that you BB?! You should have posted an AB pic too!
Throats have opened
But still, you really did great! Bounce back Tigers! see you next game!
Check out the last photo
Always here for you... Just holla
Many many congratulations to both of you This was much awaited!!
Enjoy. Have a lovely day Paul
I didn't choose the tug life, the tug life chose me (45 Photos)
Ohh, you look pretty!
Allo the story
Thank you!
thank you for the worst experience of my life deleting the app immediately
You're welcome
This is me..... Literally. .......
Thanks.
Proud to say that I've not watched even one movie of his and won't watch also
Lovely pic
Yes Juno, especially acads. Someday you will thank your teachers for giving you a hard time.
Da kali Mazigar aw greenery
Exactly..they need to keep each other warm..... And healthy.. this is how they should always sleep.
Each of us has our own individuality, that's our edge against the other. That's why you can try b, but you can never be like me.
Ayeeee! Thank you po ulit Glad napasaya ka namin with your Minhyun Set. Until the next transaction
You do have some mad barista skills, I'll give you that
Obg
Are you still free?
( UPDATE CHARA )sweetpea_mark: if you want G.O DM me.
could you tell me the current pricing for Brunch at California Grille for both adults and minors please? Thanks
Aww reading this thread makes me smile Get that support Sandara!
Cuppa tea makes everything better
Lazy Sunday with babe
congrats also to our ateneo rookies you did a great job guys! Trust the system
Congratulations I am soo Happy to hear that
Maybe you no happy ?
!!!!!!!
Wong Yuk-hei - still young but he very talented. I love his character cool , funny and handsome
loving making videos and streaming all day and so good to see it paying off thank u so much for 6k I appreciate it more than u know
Goodluck sa badminton mo sa intrams ahhh cheer pakita ehh
The who can make my heartbeat faster
The reason behind my smile is you
Thank you for making such a
Aww nice yes, they are lovely, always make me smile
Sunday morning miles that included wind, sunshine, rain and a beautiful rainbow that made me smile Now time
Hey you! If you see this tweet please smile and always stay positive
I have a thing for guys with glasses.
Always, Meng. Always.
Chin-chin! And I hope you find yourself before the match
Congrats to the organizers of next year po uli, promise makakapunta na ko hehe.
Vin-ions
sent you a DM
Good morning time for some coffee then free lewd waifus hahaha
Roast chicken din din.... Might be too much chicken here...
Nicki, Chris brown or wayne
It's all about emotions.
Reminder to everyone that deadline for payment for DMUMT albums + other goods is on Oct 23!
Make sure you take care of yourself and hopefully return soon
She's my queen
Make sure you take care of yourself and hopefully return soon
Urr to annoying!!
Grassyass
Tulog early.
Hi RM30 dm if u nak ye
Up in smoke..Cheech and Chong
You can boil it with beer, hence the name
Thank you for this super duper amazing experience till next time
No worries! If you would like to know more about Stray Free Selangor, you can click here:
GOD ISN'T FINISHED WITH ME YET
kitang-kita nyo naman yung freshness oh? how to achieve that skin po? HAHHAHAHA. pm if interested
Now the word looking for? Ah yes! Incorrigible
happiest birthday boss!!! Enjoy your day
Life is like a mirror, we get the best results when we smile
Whatever you say
Cisco is blatantly written there but not here to convince you. When I get my certifications show you
I have my Bestfriend. I have my friends/barkada. I have my Psychology
Chapter 2 on the 24th
Impec' ! Super !
Good morning to you I hope you have a great day
Thanks a lot Vis!
My 1st cup of morning coffee now ready!!
i love you too!!!!
welcome
We are so proud of you unnie we love you
Ok Gerri
Sunday morning miles that included wind, sunshine, rain and a beautiful rainbow that made me smile Now time
me parece perfecto
Sweet! make sure to
Are you Terror or comedy??
Buy me AirPods on your way back.
Thank you so much.
Love surprising and making people happy.
Thanks Bill! Your comment has made me really want to go to a water park now!
Dej dehors aussi
Thank you! Hopefully, you can come for the next
Okay no...the lamb knuckle and cabbage
sort that out for you thanks for letting us know! -Jonny
Thanks buddy . You've put a lot of work in to this, I'm not sure anyone will use it as their wallpaper, mind
I am sure he is fine now
Hello how are you ?
Should be about Richard. The Train Manager will be able to confirm this for you onboard ^EA
Toza havo tanga davo Mehribonim baby_sevinchxon shirin uyquda ko'z
Thank you
Have a safe flight ka.
Looks like yours was pretty fantastic too. Happy Birthday May your next lap be your best lap
Glad to hear it I be around a moaner for too long they drive me mad x
Just
Oops should have clarified..consumers should be able to choose between fully paid and subsidised
Stay blessed you two! Only a few people are lucky enough get there true love!
Study:"):"):"):"):"):"):")
For your future,life and so on
Autumn walks are the best together
that's all. see ya next year.
I bet they were
Next step : I'm getting a BTS tattoo hopefully I will stick to the idea!
Just needed some more zeros on the end
Seriously
Congratulations sis! May Allah SWT bless your marriage.
pogi mo talaga byy
Thank u Merl! sure sure, ikaw din! Be positive lang always. Got ur back! Love you too
Gracias siempre a usted.
Danny & Charles have to be finalists on
Sir And Mam Weeding Date Confirm
My pleasure Colin, couldn't let you miss out
Trailer is for next week
Happy sunday to you too!
Thank you I hope you get to see them soon
Good eve, Cath.. tca.
Good morning sunshine
Thank you so much, sweetheart!
Im new to NCT. I was wondering why people call Mark baby lion? just a nickname
Thank you
Can I get you anything?
welcome
Good morning everyone!
Just sent you a DM!
Looking forward to joining the Emmerdale fam tomorrow in London at the awards!! Hope to see some of your lovely faces there
Well you can see she is beautiful inside and out
Thanx wish I could I'm pretty social and nevermind learning new from like minded people
I feel depressed rn im just hiding my sadness with my fake smiles
Filipino, P.E and GeMath tomorrow? psh. Sleep
Alhamdulil Allah to be born as a female creation
Stratis $STRAT price: $1.45
Invest your crypto on Binance and get 50% discount trading fee
Cleaned my room, changed my sheets and took a very relaxing shower my typical Sunday
I think you should go get it... then bring some to me
Reminder to everyone that deadline of payment for DMUMT albums + other goods is on Oct 23!
You must invite me around for your majestic and I'll bring the
Just arrived.
Wishing you all a great Sunday. em London, United Kingdom
Thanks David!!
Two birthday cake emojis, I'm spoiled!
Happy Sunday Have a great day
Aw thank you so much
I like the sound of that a lot I hope we can experience many beautiful things in our lives
So nice to find out someone you've known for a while is a manics fan too
thank you. Dementia is awful but worse when they stop talking. Look after yourself. X
Thank you
Cravings satisfied. Pizza and past for dinner. Thank mommah!
Love watching on a Sunday
Knocked Kluber outta the game
great to hear you loved you vegan dish! we're aware that it can depend on your local councils
Thank you bhie
how about yellow and blue? Golden Lovers colors It's a wrestling thing but it's so beautiful
I am what I am.
Like a mill pond in Tankerton
Alas! The wait is finally over
is it from you?
20% off using code SPACE20 for 12 more hrs only!!! Follow link in my bio to buy my art on products of your choice
There's he is our handsome host Sudeep
Perfect - thanks so much for your time today! Hope the rest of your shift is okay.
Why I be in bed drinking hot coco popping my toes watching free Tv
Plus Financially.
Can we be close?
like more than
friends
Have a lovely Sunday afternoon Edward
And in my spare time, I'm a cat
Good morning have a lovely day
Thanks Lord..for this new day
I would if I could!
Happy Birthay to the prettiest yet humblest friend I know. Wishing you all the best,
im busy tonight bc of our competition sir, if u have any questions regarding our tutorial u can message me and ill reply tom
Good morning
They played without Tolentino, Madayag and Gaston today. Watch out! They are still a strong final four contender in Season 81
wow
Thank you so much babes
Yes they are, and what I technically said
Success - it was in extensions under a different name! Thank you
Thank you Lola
SKL
I saw this and thought of you, This raw milk vending machine is at in Kendal.
Stratis $STRAT price: $1.45
Invest your crypto on Binance and get 50% discount trading fee
6 days and nights ka ng umiiyak self. And now it's time for you to be happy
First event ever! Thank you Thank you and for coming. This fan is happy.
Ganda nman ng boses nyan..
HOLAAA, PASABA A DECIRLES QUE YA CUENTOS DE LOS HERMANOS GREENN!!!
Above all, Lewis is one of the most humble, kind and gentle souls ever meet!!
u never failed me to show how caring and loving u are
hehe it's fine!
Felt really good dressing up on Friday night.. Happiness looks good on me
Thank you Michael
Good Sunday my friends and fans of Paul
Awww thanks! Have a lovely Sunday
Follow atmamisam ona ) can ay brat
Sounds like a lot of fun
Home
You are So sweet
This is how I look..When I feel beautiful from inside..
pankart
I'm so excited to have time off from work it's a good time to put plastic on the windows. Living so close to
Help RT PH GO
Day6 Albums
DOP: November 13,2018
With freebies
ETA: 3-5 weeks after shipment from korea
Of all your threads, this is my fave! I come back to it often, read and grin.
Thanks for the laugh! I think I need to pas it on
Each day tweet a photo 4 the corresponding day. I challenge
I started this challenge.
on day
Gostei
Send me the link.
Looks fabulous
I have it...and many others
Thank you so much
Thanks for checking in. Hope you are having a fabulous weekend. CDL is wrong though. New spoilers
I am so bored
Just had an argument with my sister. I got abit emotional as I don't really like arguing
awww no need to thank me! But I'm glad you liked the thread. Thank YOU.
You can ask me anything over here:
What time will be on stage tomorrow night? Super excited
npc ot9 is in korea together stay warm, kids. we missed you all very much
My happy bowl
Where's the ring tho?! Marry him!!
Kaya po yan Ate, just pray. *will be praying for you, too*
Thank you
I am 14 year old and I am 5'11.
You do know that is a bot lol.. Onward soldier
Point.
I will do some study n come back to u
Jay Z - A Star is born
Kaale
We all like it. But if you feel unsatisfied, you're free to redraw if you wish.
Thank you!!!
We can do this Sam.
Choose the vip 2
... Mum's the word! I've never heard of one tbh, Kenny & very surprising considering his influence.
As one of the people who thinks tone is an important issue, please know that I thought your tone was excellent
Bom Diaaa
ESSE TWEET
PARA ESPALHAR
QUEM FAV
QUEM RT
DE
No worries
Lol thanks
Brilliant set today AgentR, thank you
God bless
Not until you long for it
A great story of determination, perseverance and success
Someday You'll Know
Thank you sarahgshots for all the pictures
really irritated with myself for staying in the house last night . I was tryna be coo but fuck all that. getting drunk today
Today we agree
Good morning to you to hope you have a great day
Nuevo clan de
emojis, premios, etc! Que esperas?
EXCELENTE DOMINGO PARA TODOS....
TE DESEA HB.
Happy Birthday Karen! Masaya kami for being part of your special day today. And to the rest of CYN Canada,
As always
Fab, thank you!
Im always up early and church it is today
Congratulations Deepu
Sath hi bht sy lrkon ke armanon pr pani phairta va
Sunday lunch at the fabulous local with and Lillie xx
CHEEKY cheesecake for desert too!
Thank you now that i know what the lyrics mean and the story of the song, i love it even
I want & want to win this.
Cracking view!!! Enjoy the game
this remind me of my two besties.
As long as happy.
Now this is great news. I can't wait love those two
Help him her this RT deal from me! Start retweeting his post please
We have something in common then, good start
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness
Continue cheering for your team and fave player(s) Salamat sa suporta!
I hope you have a pleasant day ministering to people today.
Welcome!
My dvds don't arrive until Tuesday n at the moment I am very bored
1 week.
I need to get off my social media accounts na.
He knows how to flirt with the camera
Brilliant set today AgentR thank you
Fall in Yes please New photos up on the blog
watched both seasons now and a little bit wiser. really enjoy season 2. Stevens new lawyer is fantastic! Enjoy
I just woke up
I always do
Badezimmerregal steht
yes
^EA
Mr. Saraf undoubtedly deserves this honor.
Fiffi Thank you so much
Buenos
Hello one eye
pakabait ka sa newfriends mo loveyou
So happy I stayed in last night
Nice meeting you po hope to see u ulit soon
Make a little game on a camping trip
Field research is super inspiring
It's time to change
Should be fun enjoy
He said it. He will do it.
Then I wish you a quiet working day and do not do too much to enjoy the Sunday a little more
Jokes on you, that's actually me.
We certainly do. You post a lot great articles
I am rooting for S_S.
Morning, darlin'.
Take your time.
thanks for the follow
done, user minsoftieyoongi. please do mine now
Hi, you may dm me for questions or you can drop it here.
ADN loot bag
Definitely great result for brum yesterday
Blessed sunday
Feeling happy to come to the event cafe for the first time Thank's for holding this event with this I can
throwback & still proud
Happy Birthday Beautiful Enjoy your gifts and celebrations! You deserve it
Merciii beaucoup ! J'y vais ce soir
Enjoy your fresh juice with our specialty collection
Bom dia
Still a good game bawi nxt game
Congrats
Only 5more sleeps until I get to see
Thank you for blessing my week with this adorable fic Hyuna!
she got scanned into a sack so proud
Wow, so sweet
Good morning Have a Blessed day
~ To Love Some Buddy
doing so well in ratings! so happy, well deserved!
merci
No! She's very adorable!
Saudi housemate.
What a stunner
you're welcome btw
It's that simple and straight forward
Yeah. But perhaps this is her way to relax
Thank you
Thank you so much Mr. and Mrs. Eihg Oisacreb
Happy 1st Birthday Deo! may all the wishes of your parents do
That's our cat father
Interesting pictures! Yes, old pictures have interesting stories
Ooh, that does sound interesting. Thank you for explaining.
Thank you, Ann! I live in Maryland. It'd be an honor!!
welcome dear miss and love you too. sus, walang dapat i bawi.
just got home from a tiresome but a delightful vacation
Yeah! What a way to start my night right before KMJS!
Unleash!
Thank you
Aww.. thanks for the invite
Thanks dear. if I have chance I will go Philippines meet you up.
try to rush things. a right timing for everything
[MV] Moon _ SELFISH (Feat. Of Red Velvet) via
Omaha - Oct 25-29th
Heads up Gents. I will be in Omaha this Thurs-Mon. My trip is booked & confirmed
One of my favorite crocheted items! I bought this from a coworker who knows me ALL to well It was Pumpkin
Thank you! I'm also appreciating Twitter's choice of window
Do what makes you happy
Nice to bump into a familiar face.
Thank you so much
Any chance you'd have a description of that setup and routine lying around anywhere?
Our Celebration and that includes teaching the next generation how to make a fresh cup of coffee.
Wish me luck
Should be epic!
Can't wait!
Awiee, imissyoutooooo
Bad girls bend at the waist
Good morning guys
Finally listened ... great song-good advice!
Yes yes
See
keep that smile please
you're my favorite orbit account me and my 0.4 braincells may or may not be crying right now wtf i love you
Nah i wasn't talking about you but can confirm you do. At least a visit to dermatologist
It felt so nice Dave
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness if you it Thanks
Anduke RamCharan Ante Maaku Anta Istam
I have a copy I'd be willing to trade, DM?
Omooo thank you
FYI pls Read
Cool
Gemini actually! but of course being considered a cancer is always a compliment too
Mood
I found some awesome tweets to RT & share with you all.
I hope you enjoy reading them too
Have a great night/day everyone
Long Dress fahan vee dho?
very nice profile photos!!!
I followed you! Thank you very much :)
I think you more than me
Rewrite the stars
They should roll them out quite quickly, definitely worth a visit
Family time at Henley Piazza
This is awesome! Hope fun for you.
God bless sisters
I am so glad to be me...happiness is my lifestyle
genuinely happy
Just bitter Stewart, hope you enjoyed the game!
Sino sino pupunta? comment down bellow
03
!!
Still have a rocking body though
MonaCoin $MONA price: $1.17
Binance registration is now OPEN for limited time!
You are welcome! I am happy to help.
Kuya, goodluck on ur exams tom! i know u can do it! Aja hehe Hello!! Thank you so much! Good luck din ah.
I'm off to New York
it is rather warm
I can tell you that human babies love the pink hair and are very excited about grabbing it.
I had a
Yes, I think so too.
Why does 'zero' fat have a red danger warning and half fat has green to 'Go' - time to refactor that design schema?
What i like him is, he is very passionate keep it up!
God bless din!
my dms are open, feel free to dm me
describe in 1 word about sir
Don't mind the sender no one asked for his/her opinion beth you're beautiful her attitude isn't
Just type the lyrics on Google, then google will find it for you.
Ohmygod chimchim
Some request to make a group ws, you can dm me your number
I know you don't feel the same way, but okay. I don't have to force anything if it's real.
Noted hyung! Thank you
~~~~~~~~
~~~~~~~~ Good Morning
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
I did. Your book is beautiful, excellent and I want to read more of your work.
Unexpected message from
It's my first NaNoWriMo, too!
I went to college with her mom! Hopefully get to meet next year! Proud of you!
I wish she comes back soon with a hit
Nothing will change
I never imagined being a single mum but it's the best thing I've ever done
Way to go, Gabby! So proud of you.
Saints twitter
Im missing her right now my sixth day away from her & she's a little bit ill
Courage
Ne zarif
OP: taeil hello!
TI: hello do i find my page with these page markers?
OP: yup! it might be difficult..
TI: oh
Porn Stars Reveal Bedroom Moves All Guys Should Know
Great way to start! & a proper good morning to you! [via BB Passport]
Think positive
Against all odds we shall conquer
Good Morning Annie! Hope all is well with Yu!
so happy and blessed in this life
Thank you Kuya Paul! hoping for the best for our batch nalang talaga hahahuhu
Points, not goals 2 per win, 72 games = 144 pts
Close enough to be in the vicinity? If not. Still cool
I love that you did that for the video! And i love that there's a meaning behind many of your videos
lately i realized the meaning of "It takes time"
Thanks Friend for this one more Choti Si khushi
The knick
Stranger things
the dark
Happy Sunday
Advance Happy Birthday po Kuya hala thank you!
Get delicious vegetarian ingredients delivered straight to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh
This has been such an amazing era, Dreamcatcher is the BEST~ I'm really excited for your
Ok I understood that this attitude is the same everywhere
Was trying to find a good sermon from Pastor Jamal but couldn't find anything
Sea & Vanilla sky
from ig story on Oct 21, 2018.
Thank you
Blessed!
its time to read wattpad stories
Ok lass enjou your time with your family cu at 4
Nepalese Fellowship & Sangati today
Buona domenica!
Have a nice Sunday!
What will you be doing? Good luck! Happy for you xx
Hayyyy... Ang sarap mag-intay
Reading this book for the 2nd time
So blessed I have a partner who value this
Hahaha! Point well taken Mench.
Cha Eun Woo worry c rin ang sqn
it looks good omg will try to dl it on my pc too later haha thanks
Just got the Blundergat from the mystery box
Good job
Excited
Nothing special, just fine
Baeyaw
What do you want to learn? I can teach you. Saturdays and Sundays. 3-6pm
Thank u very much for your anticipated cooperation
I know the thread was long but I did cover this the snakes are In secure bins with locks. & they
is a care Startup. We wish be our mentor.
Fangirling
Ex:0
Crush:90643000
Pumpkin patch chronicles
The Person I Will Love.
love is Have a nice day!
is love
That makes more sense... Hey we should listen to those Europe folks!
New (1:1000)
APBFH 3 Inch Outdoor Metal Small Planter Lantern Wall Hanging Hook (Black, Set
Thanks. I'll send the gif starter later btw.
Haha Easy Guess After Teaser You Will Know
i won't stop, so sad but it's okay
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Lloyds was heaving though. Maybe everyone was having breakfast
woah there are similarities
May wafung photographer
ka swerte namn ng asaw
Trip to Ibrox sounding brilliant
Actual photo
Haha u might have to share at times
No worries...
Hope you're having a lovely Sunday...
hope you can follow back
Thank YOU
Hope my baby is delivered to Manila safe~~
Yep, then the Beeb brought out an awesome system that did exactly that, and better
Cool! Yeah so amazing. wait for their new album to come out!
i believed that we don't need to expect something to someone yet you just need to expect the unexpected
ure always welcome
Sakto sa 27 ah may tournament stress reliever from all the shit
This left/right leaning reminds me of the good old Mario Kart sessions with my DAD
Good evening
Otro
Sheena, remind me next weekend if I get carried away with myself and forget to address this!
Thanks
missed waking up to this tweet tbh
i love meeting guys im taller than because they get so mad
Happy Birthday thank you time esp. pag may practice sa maj MBTC..Lablab
Received finally! Thank you Yana, Ed, and Dody! Thank you Air Asia for your patience!
Good Sunday morning I see snow in your forecast. This fan wants to know if your
wait to go see later
Sana game siya.
No 7, Kampala street, wuse 2. We look forward to having you
ADN is the definition of my home.
Indeed, I'm home!
Welcome to Thailand
i'll recommend a good skin doctor for your itchiness
I hide my sadness in a smile.
Yah Same here.
Good morning
Thank you. Will tweet updates as it develops!
Tell me One Word About Our
Thank you for your follow
Good choice of music Nick
Ma fav place Paris
Chismisss ang naay gonorrhea
happy birthday, !!!
But u will be dead
He-he
Mahlzeit
May pa letter si Mayora HAHAHAHA Thank you Sheena
So hier
yep except for pisces cause my baby is tight af
Menghabiskan Sunday
My week has been made , I know about you guys but actually going to be in a good mood all week
happy birthday ma'am.. May God keep showering his blessings on you!
Loads of love to the
Don't stop when you don't want to stop. Do your best at all times
-motivation ko sa sarili ko skl
I just get the one about seeing tweets you reported. Guess that means I'm a perfect angel who never did anything wrong
For Me H VINOTH is Happy ...
Rest I don't Care Whoever It Is I Believe Thala& Vinoth
We agree. Thank you!!
Bedtime live-reading.
I wait for this Little Boy to learn how to read on his own. We read three
You are welcome. We were along yesterday and it was buzzing
Birthday night out was so fun 21 better be good to her because she definitely started it out right
I'm so lucky to have you in my life
Just talking about his life, his work and his vision for the future. It was an amazing and inspiring night
massive weight of my shoulders getting rid of all the toxic shit in my life. onwards n upwards fuck u all x snakes x
thank you!
I just got a notification on facebook that this was me 5 years ago
Go to sleep knowing my problems will still be there when I wake up. Best feeling ever .
As a human being, once you have money your tolerance for bullshit automatically reduces
Ah many thanks for this Clara! were always keen to hear if you have a blog like to contribute too!!
I just wanted to help ya reach 50
Sagothari ungalukaka RT panniten
Lidl's toffee yum yums make me ever so happy
Many greetings Lauren
Yep- what they said
Yueyue is fine. Most of my friends call me yueyue as well
" WALA KANG K W E N T A "
oOoy wooOw sarap sa eaRs hehehe
Clear
Motivation of the night thank you idoooooooool
bon Dimanche vous aussi
Brilliant idea!
It's okey love manalo matalo your always be my MVP
Calm yo tits bb.
Got my 1st retweet deal with
Hi please like and retweet
Thank you again for this
Me too! And a perfect representation of the antagonist!
New arrival
Original branded excess & 0verruns clothes
For her
% cotton
Sizes : S/M/L/XL
LIMITED STOCK ONLY
290 php
78.
what we call change
Done
Quantum Physics is one thing my brain takes a shitload of time to digest.
So I usually end up watching make up and fashion videos.
First time made absolutely love them me and Mum in the kitchen together on this vegan ting
This mug is just so much happy and it's filled with so much happy Good morning and shout out to my sister
Oi, domingo.
Thank you, ate Kristel! Congrats din po last night
like and retweet
Klasse out takes
Get to Know the Girl from 4E, Holly Lynch (Video)
You too, Anna.
Toujours fan de ?
Feeling happy to come to the event cafe for the first time Thank's for holding this event with this I can
Sunlight is the best disinfectant you disingenuous hack.
last puyat tonight yay
At the airportttt
Ano pong app to? Thanks
You know what they say, four eyes are always better than two (48 Photos)
starting to love single Karin. evolved into a happy, kind, old woman who want a man. Just food and laughs
Thank you.
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness
Lucky you, but fortunately I'm now indoors and intend to stay here
Going to tomorrow just to buy ticket
No i m bro ur bro
Goodluck and God Bless diay sa exams! yesyes hehehe ikaw sad anon
This OST is cute
Okies okies eat well nak
Yeah, that'd be awesome! I need ppl to play with Feel free to add my PSN!
Agree with this guy
Eating habits should be monitor to live healthy and strong
My crush just replied me
Oops Typo
welcome
I played it for my channel It is the FIRST ITALIAN GAMEPLAY
Witaj w Underground 2
Cees aqu terlup makasiiiii
nakita mo na yung thread?
Thank you for your follow!
Health, eat a lot of food and give a lot of love to Monsta X, we all can do it
And enjoy the comeback, don't
Thank you Sean!
I know what I want for Christmas this year always have something to wish for, right?
Weather girl Yanet Garcia knows how to bring the heat (23 Photos)
We used two packs for Tim Tam Slams and claimed the last pack.
Kilig na kilig Thankyou! You're one of the reason why the ArmyFest was the best earlier bc of you!
it's all good
Thanks Claire
Get delicious vegetarian ingredients delivered straight to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh
We're actually in Orlando at Disney World so not today. But you can quote me!
avoid plastic use, when you can, no matter how minor it seems
Anytime you want to play let me know! Help leveling up or anything
a good idea
With pleasure.
Thanks to Bo Kornum for the great pictures from Thursday's concert at Huset i Hasserisgade!
Muchas gracias!!!
Get back in the game with some sexy girls in sports bras (35 Photos)
Good morning twitter! Have a great day
Happy Sunday to you too!
Good Morning, Good Morning !!!
Oh thanks
Thanks jam!
Good morning
You can ask me anything over here:
Good morning
New video live at 12:15pm EST. Back on that Wednesday/Sunday upload schedule if ya noticed see ya later for some organizing.
And FINALLY be able to go! So near to my home
I'm willing to set a side my feelings just to make you happy
Happy birthday Gerric.
Mornin dear RT Good morning .
I wish I could.
J-20 pour moi arena floirac,
add me too!! you already have my number
Thank you
You know when you have so much to do,
you start with nothing
Home (@ Selby in North Yorkshire)
You can talk to me anytime....
What trying to say is that be a huge improvement. Thank you
Huh?
Happy Sunday Big thanks to all for RTs, Mentions and Following! Have a great day/ evening/ night.
A revelation while listening to ressurecting by elevation worship
Thanks i just think about it too much
New arrival
Original branded excess & 0verruns clothes
For her
% cotton
Sizes : S/M/L/XL
LIMITED STOCK ONLY
290
Uyy thank you
Thank you!!
How nice, I would also picture this to be a cozy Saturday night in 1824 Cigar Bar!
anyways a gallery of dolphins observing some squirrels squirrels
Let's hear
Coz I know u're not hehe I know u can do it!
welcome
Great to hear, Chris!
like and share video game and stream content soon to come, just saving up to afford a rig
please visit our booth!! we have a lot in store for you this week! see you around!
To those, Thankyousomuch and Sorry
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
Hey beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful angel Love ur inperfections every angle
So i just had to let u
Help RT PH GO
NCT Albums
DOP: November 13,2018
With freebies
ETA: 3-5 weeks after shipment from korea
Happy Sunday to you all
Any mature lady or woman from Abuja who need steady sex call or whatsapps me on
Unusual, but sounds nice
Nap and then coffee?
Thanks
hello paris
can you say me a "hi"
Me too. Congrats
Loved snoopy tennis.
yess po!! ready na ready na para sa mga mauunang customers po na magaavail ng combo
Fine by me! You and Emma then
it was great seeing you to Trev!
"The triumph of hope over adversity"
Following se jayada followers
Would i ??
That would be very rude my good friend
Epic Combo If this Happens
Thank you
Thanks sis
were all here for you chin up high and have your back
Awesomeee. Which cat seats are you aiming for?
Hugged our Belle earlier at church. Best of luck, our future public accountant. Aja! I missed you,
Nostalgia. .beautiful. . Thank you Happy day !
Weeding Date
29%Off Buy Now Girls Women Student PU Leather Backpack School Bag Backpack
Sweet I will check them out on the way to Leeds today
Wala ka pala eh ano?!
Ps katuwaan lang. We respect each other's family
Worked a bit on the body today
ikaw yung close family friend ko, not that close pero i wanna get to know you!! when we first met, ur so mabait!
y este tmbn se unio a mi coleccion
Congratulations! so proud of you
Yey! First semester is done already feeling awesome
Oh I like Steve he brings racing back down to ordinary people level and his excitement is endearing I feel
Cute, shy and embarrased hiichan
Thank you!
Purple finches will do that to you
Ya I guess it's individual choice. But still somethings u miss more, when they're not around
cute me
Thank you, Mr. Gallant.
Cooking steel cut oats for tomorrow breakfast
Yesterday was amazing
Haha.
Have you zoomed it in?
I find that as proper life.
Good choice of emojis to summate life.
Yeonwoo and Bona
Thank you
I know
Yui chan will come back to us. Let's support her solo career when the time arrives! It's sad for now.
I loved New Tricks
As are you. Truly
Thank you very much
Good Morning
Mine started off with coffee and two smiling faces
No matter what you do today or who
thanks for the RT
Oh wonderful Chris, yes relax and read I need to catch up on my books too
I want to, but if not you could move to Wyoming or Wisconsin
I liked a video DAY 4 FREE THINGS I SEE ON THE GOLD COAST (Surfers Paradise) + WOOLWORTHS
Thank you
Cant wait
Rufus didn't mess up the Louisiana purchase!
Very good splash
At last getting to see some of the speeches from march.
iplann IGS Update
181021 (KR 21:33)
thank you
Quem sabe um dia
Wishing you an
Let me know your appearance schedule
Krissy
NEW VLOG IS OUT! Link in bio A sneak peak of our little town
acquired 7 respondents through twitter, I know it sound like a lot but I honestly felt somewhat accomplished!
Looks like today was your day to get a lot of different shinies! Congrats, my friend!
Connect with on their Official VEVO page:
The feeling is mutual hehe
Thank you!! Have a wonderful and blessed Sunday too!
Thank you
I have fixed this. The trick is to never sleep
Thank you so much
Thanks Catherine, go well.
I thank God everyday that the sperm that won jeon jeongguk
Aw, thanks Michelle! I feel the same about you!
But still very cheap
She said ... YES! The next move is yours Michael - Make it happen
You also get people who want to act smart before reading properly
Cheers dude
been amazing to have you on board
good day to you too! Always nice to catch up
Can u consider this song for Everywhere in Manila?
Sorry can't make it as my brother in law is getting married around those days. God bless. Stay
You're welcome!
I wanted to wait until I was mature enough to appreciate the hard work put into
When the time is right in sha Allah.
That's why I idolize/idolizing her
Spent most of the weekend at home doing absolutely nothing. I feel rejuvenated
just because I said tweet you next time enjoy
Second wave was good for me than first wave
Please comeback jthree~ nuod na!
If you had $5 left in your pocket what would you spend it on? i will keep that for BTS concert ticket
Sige sige take your Time
Thank you Ross
This is the closest jin's face i've ever seen. He is flawless
I wish the weather would stay how it is right now
Gue ikutan cari, tapi om om an
For Queen's Birthday!
We would Neil but lure him from Liverpool Comp so good
Glory to God!
dont tell someone you care about them if you gonna ignore their text like they never sent it at all
Follow everyone who this
from
Excellent!! Rossi is really cool! She is so cute! I admire them.
s/o to all of my friends
bi hava miss
What an amazing night
He will come
Ich mag Tee.
You are featured in this mornings Courant!
Lovely meal at Tobys with and the family
Muchas gracias!
tbh i don't like you that much but u still have my respect
I was introduced to kpop n bts by fake love but mic drop n spring day dragged me into the fandom now I m a hardcore army
makin' myself a priority
Excited for Tuesday's plan. Wow for a change na talaga, let's do this.
Merci.
Trop chou
No need to thank me much love
Thank you !
Thank you fuck nigga
Beautiful moment spent with some armys, yesterday, in Paris Thank you so much I will never forget this
HAHAHAH Opo. Thank youu.
Shuuka has been wearing black outfits a lot and appearing on Instagram lately.
Thanks Guy!
Pumpkin Spice latte for $1.99??? YES, true! . ALLLLLL DAAAYYY!!!
already did
For Print-At-Home tickets, you can enter the venue with the printed ticket. You don't have to change to physical ticket
Had to do some digging but I have found quite a few
Good evening fellows
I miss you Labs
Breathyoung 0909
Good afternoon Sonu, we have replied to your DM
[SPOTIFY]
STREAM -
Streams - 9M
Goal - 10M
Link -
Keep up the good
Bank statement looking so much cleaner after this week
Nauna lang sila girl! Atleast answered prayer pa din
Those tears explain how special someone is.
Happy Birthday Hope it's great!! We love you!!
Financial services in Glasgow too.
had the best time yesterday
If everything we say have been said before, have we been here already?
Thank you
Awaiting the solidarity march by American feminists!
Yes we win 2-1 and go on to win the cup
Good morning Lamar race day! Have a great day
Thank you!!!
not living (if not with is sooo 1975-ey and I love it
That brings back memories
Love it! You just made my day
I am sure you are in LittleTalk Ubud
Funny though
excited for Monday
There are many ways on how to strengthen our faith through serving others
Gladiolus ( sword lily )
B !
eto talaga magandang username para sa mga hard stans eh feel free to use it guys available siya
Happy Birthday Vivienne!! Have a great day & year!
26th yesterday
Road to adulting
Got a hoard!
Lying around.
Vgood
I love the word mangold even more the words- mangel Wurzel
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness if you it Thanks
Good morning, Denver! Hope your Sunday is off to a wonderful start
can you believe this is paper bouquet?
Absolutely lovely
Repost from paperbouquetsuk.
*
*
*
Yummy mummy
Respect for that Vole!
(I think this is the trickiest hashtag for typos I can remember ever using!)
yess..i think it doesn't really work for android phone bc i tried it on apple and now it's working..btw thank you
Thank you for reading it, and glad you enjoyed it.
so why does my mom always likes to tell me that everyone low-key hates me even my friends
Trying to be okay abh
The new Acharya looks like Lord Vamana.
Guess what I bought today My 2nd hard working rewards I reli this packaging design from Well
I'd tell him all that and even more
Jousting practice
Happy Trafalgar day
hallo v
Thank you
Lovely photos
Great Sunday miles!
thank you sa time
This world needs more positivity
I hope together and will do it
I intend to, and there's beer and cider in the fridge
Last drink for the weekend
Don't be too ecstatic either as in just few minutes or hours, I will resume bashing your Trash tweets.
thank you!!!!!
Thank you, because I *know nussink* and understand even less.
A smile says it all... britabrutal)
Don't judge my soldering skills please. I'm pleased with how this is coming along. Christians tree
dei bore adikkuthe nu potean
yess..i think it doesn't really work for android phone bc i tried it on iphone and now it's working..btw thank you
Congrats bhe!
Goodmorning lil whores
not to be whipped but when jaebeom smiles and his eyes are like this w o w my heart bursts
welcome
Seriously dis is so beautiful
Para el camino...
Puedes comprarlas
Gut gemacht Zeo
Thank you Jenny!
Excellent choice.
Proud of u ! Atleast u offered
Ahh I love GyJo
Happy Birthday thank you for being so kind to us all these years! Hope you and your family are
hahaha may forever sa editing super thanks for doing this. all really looking forward to your vids
Finished our Science and I'm halfway in memorising the psalm of life Thank you Lord
Ohhh...ohhhh well I then heyyyyy
This is an old one but have a read - Will return any comments of course x
See you there Your cosplays are always so cool, looking forward to see what you got for us this year !
omg doing so well
GOod MoRnInG ShArOn
We want to come to Rome
Ooh yes please
You should be chopping life.
DM me
Your smile is warming all of Pittsburgh this morning.
Haaayi got a text from a long lost frienddd
welcome
i do like his voice. verrrry nice
Fun! So glad it worked out weather wise, too!
Takes one to know one
JGH! Indeed t'was fun
Sugar Loaf Mountain, South Wales
Here come the hunnies & funnies (20 Photos)
This guy just made my day . Time to grind out some games today & hopefully get my 1st win of Season 6
How about a happy mothers day to all the potterhead moms in Argentina
Wow amazing thanks for the chance
Bonjour
All the good things yes
Fruit shower
Anyone know any tech companies in Abuja? Please DM me
Bon dimanche
Konnichiwa
Nice catch from Martin Beautiful rod and a beautiful bait!!
Happy birthday friend enjoy
I will able to see you up close with hi touch opportunity on my birthday month. I could not ask for more.
I MISS MY BOYS
time to catch up with all the contents that I missed
1st on the list : JR & BH battle trip. .
Amazing article on overcoming difficult childhoods
Hi!
That 10 yo girl is me!
Para sa amin love team kayo but we also support you individually kung sino man ipartner sa inyo.
20 octobre - revu
Thank You Papa Loooord
My dog has discovered that my home has windows to the outside
It has Thankyou Louise
We're glad you enjoyed your experience with us. Hope to see you again soon
I have one of these from ikea
What's up with $RVN?
Nothing but
Pano ba maging strong? Be strong, with the Lord. And everything will fall into place.
Jousting practice
HUHU Happy Birthday Diego!
Enjoyed a lovely family jog along The Thames. What a Beautiful day!
cheer up!
Sing or dance duet for and for the episode pls...
Good night
Sweet Dreams my tweeter family
I know
Someday I hope to meet ans see you both!
Zara
Thank you
Thanks buddy
Thank you!
Money breeds courage
I had such a fun time at Anime Attacks Now I just want to do it all over again
The classic Riggs finger point. Love it!
Yay! glad you like it
Ha ha you are every day
That's true! Also when she singing
Happy birthday girlfriend
Hi achi! Ikaw yung grabe ka stunning and photogenic You seem friendly and lingaw din. Hope to be friends with you soon!
Well guys time to reveal schedule for next week. forget,plan accordingly
thank you, Tamara
Only tea
finally got leatherface . heh, got quite a few horror cards lately. almost every jason in the last couple of
Happy Sunday!
J A C O B II
. . . to another sem with . . . yiiiiiiiiiiie.
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
I want to find a weight loss group that can superior each other . DM me if u guys are at ur diet period
Yeah you are able to do that
Thank you so much
Really? oabsnsnsn lol ahhaha thankyouuu so much once again
Time to go swimming
Yeah I agree.
Mars Libra, Venus Cancer, and a toss up between dolphins and dogs
RM 200K per night
This Muraka just gonna stay in my dream :)
(one of) the most caring person meet.
Mom is sick That's why dad was there to watched over Mom
Come and join us in the morning
10-11am Spark Baby Bistro. Come along for a chat. Breastfeeding support is on
souravstat JolaBurnett LinkedIn Thank you for reading it, and glad you enjoyed it.
Betul
Next year summer by grace am all bout travelling ! Catching flights NOT FEELINGS you get me
Oh this is the best and cutest brush ever
thanks you
I get to watch all ya teams lose today cuz we ona Bye, wish ya the worse
noted
Burn your bra and join the revolution! (40 Photos)
Besties
had a slow start today but now to continue with my movie marathon. Onto The Millers
hey Luke, thank you and you too
this is a new one but expected
I remember reading The Ripple Effect a couple of years ago... A great story. Can't wait for Rosa today!
It is indeed. I love our beach so much. I go there when. I'm happy to celebrate and when I'm sad to lift my spirits
As a TC newbie, idk what to pack! read to dress comfy (esp shoes). How comfy is comfy? Appreciate any packing tips
thank you
Be the change, malume
So like New MUSIC dropping soon !!!! Featuring
What is a snail? Yuck!
Unpacking remain small.
May just stand here all afternoon telling visitors where to go Perfect job!
Thank you
Thanks!
A True Champion
thanks so much and you too
I just watched the Hometown Story on Crazy Mike artist.
I feel so inspired
Just a feeling - Maroon 5
Help RT PH GO
GOT7 Albums
DOP: November 13,2018
With freebies
ETA: 3-5 weeks after shipment from korea
Let me know then
Don't forget thay my dms are always open if you want to talk or just be friends okay?
My fries are saying hello
That's wonderful to hear Lacey! enjoy yourself.
And thank you.
That's true! Also when she sing
Its rlly on a different level but just start with the basics and ull do good
Bash them and I bash your face in
Congratulations, and coolsmashersph! See you soon!
thank you
Cheer up dear ! Always choose the bright side of life.
Good morrow
Wow, Chloe is so tall.
Couple
As I grew up , I really hope people start to call me Syafa or Sya instead of Wati , I want to start a new live
Mighty pretty! May your road and the enjoyment you find along it never end. Have a great day, TC!
oh okay fighting! vote and encourage other carats to vote.
okay now I understand hmm
I know about you, but I have a lot of birthdays coming up. Same? Here are some ideas for gifts.
Just for a smile
One day at a time, you got this
Jinu: I'll be your Thailand
On no Roz! We were so when we made this product but we're with this pack! If you'd like to DM
I'am happy to see you guys
I hope you guys (The Boyz) always keep stay healthy and happiness, and
Ok I will see them thanks
I'll be here on Saturday, hope to see you there.
I know. I'd love to see the Christmas suits again or elf outfits this year!
So blessed to see this beautiful Sunday
Good morning.
Good to hear the energy from u!
Alrighty. Let's make a plan for it
aishu.. Where is the cake , chocolate and party ??
Waiting for it
Goodmorning
Thank you for sharing
Congratulations this would be lovely
Good morning world Happy Sunday I hope everyone enjoyed there sweetest day I know I did
Do with this information what you will
The cutest mug!!!
Drinking some hot cocoa in this little guy
Heavy, heavy challenges! he he
So blessed! Amazing
Hi ~
Thanks for follow me
Thank you
Follow and Support
I'm Home
Tired but Super Happy
Everything is Worth It!
Happy Birthday, Jervie!
Ethereum $ETH price: $207.56
QUICK! Sign up before Binance closes registration!
That settles it, staying on the couch then
Hola chicles
Hey
Same and thank you
Hi Kay! Yes, of course you can follow me Toshi always makes me smile when I am blue. Hope you have a lovely day fellow X fan!
This got & a big pretty jewelled ruby
Just smile your problems
I can serve you as you eat..
Who was the last person you talked to? my sissy . the best friend of mine
Haha I figured you had...just making sure!
Small but feisty! So cute!
Thank you
Bright and early to get my bag. Thank you this morning fir this new day
Yes
Waiting for the show
heyy kindly check out my new jam, love it
Hopefully Maappreciate nila
Do try putting you on
So lovely
Drop your Sunday outfit in the comment section let me rate you OUT OF TEN ,I'll be nice
Leggo
You too hope you have a fantastic day
Sige lang by, ipray tka with a lot of candles arn mka milktea naka
Bat ang gand mo ayieee penge belew
Lol Good for you!!
wish me good luck
GUANYAR ELS BARRIS
Thanks for this
Sing or dance duet for & on the next episode pls...
You wanna say I can't be that handsome ?? okay, i'm fine thanks
Take a break if needed but please come back!
Another happy customer
Thank you so much my dear Wendy Enjoy your time Big hug
Lots of voting goin on at the Sussex Street Food Finals today open till 4pm at Carfax, Horsham
tagged by and
Ooh lovely
Hoping ya right
It's my fav spanish movie ...
It looks like coming from Stars War !
hi yasmin, i'm thalia we can be a friend if you want to
Congrats best in blocker, best in spiker and MVP
Thanks
I love this smile
Yeah something about him babe.
Yesterday was fun
Yeeees I checked out exo bc super junior seem to be close to them (also chanyeol and yesung ) i wish I became exol sooner
Thinking i wanna cook him breakfast
kindly play by
Thanks
Looks good on my end both ways
the best Paul! What a treat working with you today
I SO HUME 100
Are you a camera? Because everytime I look at you I smile
Good morning dear friend!! Have a wonderful and blessed day! Beautiful flowers !!!
awww feeldog exhibition became the unit fam reunion~
It's beautiful out this morning. Loving the cool breeze
put holes in their rafts with a dart rifle
sent it over, thank you.
take 4 please
Actually buzzing that is on Netflix now and my life can be consumed by this case again
Hmmm. Mr. aapka Ye diet kaise manage karoge when so many chocolate and cakes in front of u
Don't ask me how old I am. I'm "get sent to Pick n Pay with a list of things to buy and not be given money for them years old"
Out this morning on my new Voodoo Nakisi - like a road bike mated with a MTB. Great fun
Free entry
I feel so refreshed
Your Uncle is a King!
Hilarity in opinions and death wish
EGO dats why
-WANNA ONE COLLECTION THREAD-
*ps. this is not to brag but so I can keep track of my collection
*will
UK ARMY!
Anyone from Eastleigh who would be interested in a student ticket for Burn The Stage?
I found
On Monday program only.Wait til then thank you
Aw Fred is amazing!! We're really glad he's gone to such a good forever home Thanks so much
What a good weekend Asda soon for loads of food then a lazy day night back home
I can see why! Hope you enjoy yourselves
Thanks a lot bro
Of course you can!
I literally just made 2 DX tokens (DXN) by tweeting this
And so can you !
You look fantastic, Niamh. We hope you and the other girls are having a great weekend.
Always when your at your lowest got no one to turn to
Pa extend sana ng oras We want more please
It will be at 10AM at the ticketing counter
!
You will
like playing with a fresian cow for my goldie, Immie
Aww, I love his little legs
nice to meet you po mga atengggsss til next time po
tagged by and
Unexpected is the best thank you bal
iba parin ang comfort ng friends and fam, i still have to be thankful
Be HONEST!
Even if others are not,
Even if others can not,
Even if others will not. God bless your Sunday.
those little thing
Playing in the garden with my little sis
Where are u watching? Watch it on viu
Stay dry and warm
Important adult business today
Good reading
Going to wash clothes today it has to be done!
Semoga cepet sembuh
always stay happy
You look beautiful baby
please make Yekyu au~~ think about it!
Need to drag my butt out of bed and have coffee yawn...
Mein thek tm btao
Morning
Thank you thank you!!
Coffee...Electric Avenue...I Brixton
Very Happy Sunday for you right there. And I hope that you have a nice week since tomorrow Monday. Luck!!..
Thank you!
Wife, Kids, TV shows and PS4
Hi~~ 10AM at the ticketing counter
And for 7 days the earth rejoiced, jk love you Anomaly, get well soon
This month Community Day was fun as always I enjoyed the autumn weather a lot!
Only downside: I only managed to
Welcome to Roma Sud
lmfao unless i find something more worthy, i have any plans to change it.
Oh wow! That's great! Congratulations!! 10k is a huge accomplishment I'll check out your FB
Proud Mumma moment! xx
Thank you to , I got a quote from her story for my project in Oral Comm
The rain and thunder woke me up and now I go back to bed
I love the smell of rain though
Got the window half way open
Not playing this year, just attending
Yes please get away from me if you don't feel like this
Me
Come to my house. I'll pay ur tfare
One day sweetheart you did so well with the airport that get there when ready.
when they ask me how i did it i say God taught me
I see. Looks so cool. Would love to visit it someday
Hi its
on my snapchat
Happy Sunday to you too your smile would brighten up even the dullest of days
I love these!
Why are you pumping this mediocre programme, so much??
It would do better for the hindi audience
Welcome
Thanks dear. I'm on it
Yes Susan we have beautiful Saturday and Sunday
W204 GT Grill with Illuminated Glass Logo.
Good bye and good luck dear David thank you for photo, you looked awesome
Take Care and see you soon
you are such an incredible and inspirational politician
why will they when suchi told chinmayi got aborted several times why no sound from her or film industry?
NEWS year
Orchestra 7, Row E, Seats 52 & 53...
We should try to meet up in the lobby before the show for a hug!!
Don't worry po, hindi po ako galit sa inyo. Love ko pa din po kayo as much as I love your daughter po.
My dad always talked about fire plugs. We always found a way to enjoy the water.
Guys please like and share the page
Can you handle another song?
I can feel your Breathe
I could have stayed here all beautiful family time
You're a great person. You deserve more than just that Uy thank you hehe nakakagaan ng loob ily anon hehe
Lloyd, we've already met
Hope all having a lovely Sunday Mum & Dad are a bit happier today cos I had a lie wake up
The power of Title's smile
Not yet but absolutely want to!! We'll settle for living vicariously through your awesome updates
Weekend is- when you run errands, work some, shop some and don't count the calories
Well, yeah...okay, if you'd like to *cough*. She's probably fine
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Pozitif
It's not that I'm saying I'm Mary again or anything
It's the best thing!
Yeah.... Their side profiles are amazing. Looks really really good.
Si Homily ni Father
doing great thanks, so up ?
flights to Amsterdam for awakenings NYE sorted sooooooo excited, can't wait for a little boogie at hidden on Friday night too
Akak me gonna create a ws group, and I will ask them okay. Let me know if you want to join, ada 89liner sorg
Thank you You made me blush!
A lovely Sunday morning walk Southwater
ForSale: Spotify premium account
Account First
Thank you Kenth!
Aaaaw thank you!
Good Morning Sis..Have a blessed day !!!
oh hi
Yup, me neither
Awwww...keep that memory with you. Only a very few will have that kind.
sleep him and you
Tomorroooooooooow
Looking forward to the update.
Thank you so much
Congratulations mam.. Lovely couple
After spending her weekend with some bastards back and I cant wait to meet my grandkids
good and no heavy carbs
Perfect Sunday weather! Noice out today
I know
Congratulations though
Checked on the onions today a good number appear to have popped out of the dirt and seem to be growing well
Oh, HMD.. They launch a lot of low, mids but a proper upper midrange or flagship.. Hope the delay is justified
It looks like a lovely loaf. I lived in NYC most of my life and have loved that bread since childhood. Well done.
He's an idiot Elly.. You're a fantastic reporter - in whatever you cover!
Enjoy
Good morning I hope that everyone has a good and blessed day
My eats that much din pag Tinola yung ulam~
ohhh pls say hi to her for me. thank u! im hoping na maging close tayo.
running Act One for the first time with our cast this evening, 5pm start!
Not at the moment, but hoping to start this in the next couple of weeks
Thank you ate
Also I reached lvl 91!!!! :D
Wow you look stunning in both Dan x
How about me and you go for a nice walk later
Thank you
Try not to stress out too much. Enjoy the time with family
He was Special today though
If it's ice-cream, then I'm ok with that.
How we can know u r happy with 'em
ARMYFEST! Sa Tomas Morato earlier.
Okay i will you later
Good morning!
Cool . Have fun
What a great massage. Best way to end this weekend. happyyyy
SeJu is too handsome to be left out
Congratulations, Bulacan Division! 9th Annual Locale Choir Music Festival 5778 Champion. Congrats to all the
Mother/daughter seen so many people do it.
Happy belated Bday
Stay happy n blessed
Why are you talking to my husband Your husband hmu. I didn't come for him. Tame him or we share him.
Stay strong!!
When communicating was safe.
Thank you so much I love all my fans world wide yours brittany
Bhai deepika ko hindi me galat likha hai... Please look into it.
And congratulations for your marriage.
March 19, 2019! But also available to request on Netgalley
Why thank you
Honestly, the worst feeling ever. You know here if you want to talk hope you feel better soon and you are awesome!
about to..lemme just get my shit together
It's the telltale blush in his cheeks that tells you he wants it.
thank you
thankyou, gbu2
Can you wish my friend a happy birthday please? Her is Of course
Happy birthday I
In God's Will.
Love by chance
back
That's a reasonable thought
ohhh!! lansones
I compiled my "Sunday afternoons" playlist on a sunny Autumn day a few years ago. Seems right for today...
They're the best. I am now snuggled on my sofa with cushions and a blanket and a nice hot tea so I'm join g you
Thankyou I will do! Have a good week yourself
Note Emily Harvey's leg for her trail race yesterday!
You'd love this pal not making them do tricks or teasing them just out feeding them washing them and pictures unreal
You should try a "Who's that version where all we can see is the outline and we have to guess which it is
I know Jonny was at your house?!!
And you look magical in monochrome!! Superb one..
Do you need anyone as a taste tester?
Hi Karen, you can drop your hangers off at one of our main stores, we'll be happy to recycle them. Thanks, Karen.
Galway girl
Que lindo verte asi!
San Antonio, TX made the list
Made two friends at Portland College today
know this is a fake
Good job! I feel like whoever knows me well, will know this is my fake smile.
Sunday Morning Music
NovaMenco
Mediterranean Breeze
Heals
Only your reply changes me from to
Please reply me
Last cottage breakfast. Time to go home! We had a relaxing weekend at Chalet
Thank you ! Check out this store for PH
Happy Friendship Day!
kt innisfree store.. hahahaha skang ni promo gak if beli cream 116 tu ade special set with free gift..
Hell yeah!
Aww lovely! Enjoy
True.
I think you'll do 100 nuggets and thinks 150
Aww lovely! Enjoy
My old hoe gone fuck on a Sunday kan't wait for that..
It will
i am!!! i have the special edition on pre-order from amazon i won't be able to play it on
a great point!
Hi ate Thank you for coming I hope you enjoy the game even though tinakot ka namin More more
coffee, brocolli, oatmeal and egg and banana gonna be my bestfriends
Yeah no problem
That's a beauty. The satisfaction you get when it goes in
The green sweater , a symbol from a green county
LOL ... the new girl. Show how much I a new season. I like to be surprised.
I don't have sky but I do have racing UK
"Experience pain again until you become numb." Love this line from the movie Mr. & Mrs. Cruz
What an amazing job Angela Cullen as Not jealous at all lol x All the best for you all today Lets get this x
Afternoon lovely have a wonderful Sunday x
NETFLIX ACCOUNTS STILL AVAILABLE
DM NA PARA MAPANOOD MO NA YUNG MGA PABORITO MONG PALABAS
feel ko sa giveaway/souviner shops meron!!!
Thanks a lot dear
Doing some real cooking in my own kitchen for the first time!
Mercii
be my last
Will do. Thanks.
not serious haha I want to get my bachelor degree first and then consider marriage
Has vuelto a Twitter
Love those boots it turns me on
replay - SHINee
Thanks for the everyday reminder
Hello Wars of the Roses man!
Intendevo Moody's.
Hang in there. Some days can be challenging and okay as long as you give it your best shot
The expense is high but so worth it when you realise all the benefits.
Blessed
follback
Mariaaaa :D yes haha I reply your DM already. I understand, it's quite difficult. I hope your condition will improve soon
Sorry if i was too late to dl the app voted today
Vote iKON in AAA
I'm not a great gardener, only been 8 months at it I've got a manual push mower, cos I don't
This yoghurt by delamerekenya where have I been? It's mmmmmhhhh sweet, nice, fine...weeeehhh taste buds on
Thanks!
[SPOTIFY]
STREAM - Made In The Am
Streams - 1,807,851,390 B
Goal - 1,900,000,000 B
Link
Really wait until my last day of work this lil break off gone be so lovely
Goodluck for Princess live in Sendai! I will do my best to watch your performance!!
I don't need money, I just need you to stay with me
I read some tweets majority tlga na iremove nlng that segment siguro nga dpt kmnta nlng dn silaa
I am sorry If I hurt you. Stay happy and Keep smiling . May lord krishna bless you
Thank you bb! I'll do it!
Sure
well. true. how are you though. been ages!!!! hit me up.
Absolutely, she had a wonderful life, thank you
He is my absolute favourite.
But in second is Greg Davies
The Hoot Owl of Death
Hi there! I'm single and into
14yo is singing Memories for her Christmas concert. I'm enjoying the practicing
Excellent.. Well done!!!!
I got to NC Thursday
Snuggie Cozy AF
Congratulations to Tiffany and hopefully Shannon MacMillan will be next.
[via MEET-UPS] Please DM me
I'm also available for meet-ups around UST, LRT1 Stations and Taguig area! Don't
Oh!!! Nope, this is cousin and my wannabe daughters name
For nothing Remi.. For nothing..
And I "#GoRaise loves to motivate what are your all time favorite quotes to boost
Because even need an autumn / winter residence.
If you are interested in buying it yall can dm me, thank you. Btw the price for both album and pc + poster is 65myr
Mood forever
I'll always be positive
Same here
And I told you , you have a pussy so impossible
Team 4 Laylatul Sakeenah khalas for today alhamdulillah
J A C O B II
. . . to another sem with . . . yiiiiiiiiiiie.
With every snip, stitch & steam this fabric has made me smile a lovely addition to the Tiny Totes range that
Are you craving for it?
See you both tonight! Fifth row seats to celebrate turning 30
find your purpose in life & be happy in it
happy birthday to your doggy
AKIBAT PEMIMPIN BERBOHONG, TIMNAS NYA BUBUK.
April 29 and March 24
virgo :)) why did you say capricorn or cancer?
Zapraszam
ah awesome! will do
Meet with Me at
nasty lesbians exgirlfriend natural tits outside
Kudos to the Org comm of !
Job well done!
It was worth coming home for
I can't view this tweet alone....
Teddy looks extra cuddly, my daughter would love him
Thanks mate - a real labour of love, hope you enjoy it
"Pizza"
My reaction 30 minutes ago
[@KarissaDiamond wrote: I love food...]
thank you
I'm glad you are good He hasn't replied to my last few texts and now his phone is off. Not good Thanks though xx
[SPOTIFY]
STREAM -
Streams - 1.7M
Goal - 5M
Link -
Keep streaming
This is the real face of our Hindustan.
This is a good one
thanks for following back
I want legalized weed too. But, I wash and am a liberal who votes democratic all the time.
Aw, thanks for sharing Patrick!
Happening now here at BDJ 2019 Launch Weekend
Be fearless in what sets your soul on fire. .
Happy birthday mam God bless you
got quite a lot of catching up to do Of course this is a race against myself though
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
Thank you so much chica! I need to go ASAP
Nice to meet you din, B!! Till the next event
Thanks
I'm getting hammered by pillocks who think I was being serious so
So fuzzy.
Careful letting your friends know you can't hear with those on. They might sneak up and tickle you from behind.
pox. im glad im getting much better now & a few more days, ill be fully okay !
Love your show
That would be 2018.
Thank you very much
Hum bhi jayenge free ka khana khane
Huling hirit ulit
West edmonton -> onoway
Onoway -> alberta beach 211km/ph
(Lunch)
Alberta beach -> spruce
He'll have it at a perfect timing.
Making a lot of progress on my headstands and my core strength has really come a long way. Feeling good.
My god mom giving my furniture for my new place
Deserved win today Brilliant
I want to spread some love tho so fav and dm you something cute
pa fback dito sa twitter.
Happy birthday!
In der alten Heimat sind wir grad.
WSOC | MATCH DAY!
Missouri S&T Miners Indianapolis Greyhounds
10/21
Noon (ET)
Key Stadium -
Thanks Jackie!!
Hooray!
Sure no prob
Happy birthday mate
Ah lovely thank you
(IGS : kristtps)
Aweee you're cool in any way hehe both name suits you though. Whether it's Michael or Paul, you're still you.
I want to spread some love so fav and dm you something cute
these are just some i have saved if you wanna check them out
HAHAHAHAHA oo nga eh! Mahirap na, baka ma-bash hahaha! Next time we meet, selfie tayo!
xxx
It's not living if it's not with you
Working on a Sunday
Thx for GA..
Bad Gurl Bi-Bi... ... I'm the real rude girl
Ok thank u ..for informing us
Aku juga cocok sama mas James Lee
Get u a man who makes you closer to God
then leave
Thank you so much! I really appreciate that
So cute! Congratulations babygirl
thank you!
Happy and blessed for what I am and have right now.
Round 7 of the border of my is finished. Only one round to go
Another name necklace for Christmas would be nice *hint hint*
I hope you like it!
Had lunch Doug
Sunday = Chill day
I have the tiger
Democratic kasi tayo, batch. Haha! Look which choice is winning oh.
Timeline Normalnya sih ini_
Man, in the words of Arnold to Willis, what bout!
Good morning and Happy Sunday
roommate has arrived
What's a Tell me more! (please!
Return of the highlights
wait to see my baby
Thank you
Happy Sunday
Well I'm glad that my spontaneous surprise for you worked and thank you so much, I'm happy you like it
Thank you Leth
I agree!
okay lang yan... Health before grades
thank you, po, for always supporting them! and you're so right! bagay (na bagay) talaga sila
Blocked
happy birthday saga! i wish you all the best.
i hope you had a beautiful day Take care
Congratulations . Sana Next yr meron ulit
Grateful and thankful
Posted withrepost Repost By malucilleangeles:
ADN
I only have 2 pals in my collection. I keep them on a little table on the back patio. The roots are
Thank you
Yea am with you
number 2
thank you for this
We sat outside with a mug of tea and a scone so all was well
I wish I should've joined Twitter early
Are
You really should join The Sons Of The Desert the offical Stan and Ollie fan club. Go on Mark you know you want to xxxx
Thank you
Another run then home to walk Mara day. Now sofa surfin for the rest of the day
My book club just read The Magic Strings of Frankie Presto - LOVED it!
Fallowed u already~
Bamboo is actually the best one as of today It grows like grass so we have to wait for 5
Fall has finally shown up in Columbia,
What if cars could feel?
A tribute to your every day companion - Your own beloved car
you car owner
Really can't wait to get married
Gradually influencing my Gabriel to love Japanese food
Starting to plan my solo trip to Bali next year
It doesn't matter to me
WAHAHAHAHAH THANK YOU JANELLE Godblesss youuuuu
thank you!
Chedjou Chealsa
So I'll be faithful to u tayo man o hindi
RT if you are loving the the & duo. No matter whom you love or whom you hate.
I know but they are so sweet
Grab it now.
ORDER HERE:
Excellent for your friends
FREE International
Thank you
Help the underprivileged to celebrate Diwali
They ain't controlling your life hun ,they are just seeing wat u ain't seeing
That's not a confession. It's a confirmation of your trustworthiness.
Ay hala oo nga! Sorry po! Lol! See you soon
Hello Follow the first 200 to Retweet/Like
Recommendations are really important for us! Thank you for choosing us and having a wonderful time under the sun!
I love this reply
Last night
He knew he hold his drink though
Good morning Happy Sunday
Happy birthday ithe wa twana
I was in the middle of a redbox movie when my power went out and I dunno how to get it out to return it
Hi. I think tagged the wrong Jemma Kennedy in this. Interesting article, but not me.
so proud of this I carved
Love to make such frames sometimes
ifb
Thankyou Lord for this day
Oh, alright! Thanks for letting me know.
I've been searching a lot for a good glooga guide and players who use it.
Ik what i wanna be fit Halloween
We need to accept the truth that he/she never be with you
For now, it is enough.
Hi Beautiful..
Cinta ikhlas.
Very lovely day!! just had to go and have a sleep. My turn at the treacle tart now.
You're very welcome! So honered and humbled to make these for you! And some extra stuff coming your way as well
Thank you Brgy. Maria Christina and Happy 5nd Charter Day!
Maria Cristina,
The engagement during the tour concerts have been really amazing
Good morning Twitter friends! Today is another day that you get to fight for Make it count
Created a viber acct for my new work
Thank you and yours as well! Make it a happy one!
sa totoo lang, kasal kami through school papers, sa foundation namin enebe
TELL ME STRAIGHT TO MY FACE
YOU GOT PROBLEMS
I GOT PROBLEMS TOO
YEAH BITCH MESS UP MY MOOD
The Irish Border is a/the/my top priority.
Convincing the unconvincible, is indeed, a challenge.
Merci Cdiscount
Oh, pandas are lovely, so funny!
go. You showed me a good time
Rtxrt
i should be the one sayin' thaaat.
A WARM WELCOME AWAITS YOU
At the Dilkhusa Grand Hotel.
Discover a charming quintessentially British hotel
Next year
Thank you bashir stay blessed!!
a todas las mamus de mi TL
Omg ang cute ng mga tao trying to create their own versions of that viral Ulan still.
Thank you
Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry. Based loosely on Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid.
Happy 4th anniversary Underpressure
You are the most beautiful mess. Goodnight
Up getting ready for church
it always does
Shoutout
I had parents bring in safe tools - pumpkin carving spoons/ knives, kitchen utensils, etc.
Epic.
Checkout today's update with Colombian goddess
An apple a day keeps the doctor away
Celebrate by getting one of your five bits of fruit and veg
It smells amazing, one of my favourite scents, looks beautiful too Enjoy your Sunday Anne!
Now do something nice so Tash can stop acting a fool
goodluck ateee
Such a cute dog
Welcome
You too love
Open till 4ish today, come by & visit us
The best is yet to come. Be patient
Mmmmm.... que alimenta
How lovely
Hello Pink Sunday!
deli dediler
giraffe at Djuma for drinking water
Jumping from an airplane
Thanks Renzo! Will be ready with new stuff in December.
FAO pupils studying Spanish, we are looking forward to seeing you for the Tapas trip tomorrow. Meet at 12noon in the Street.
Tea and a few chapters of Pride and Prejudice to end a rather calm Sunday.
with on Empowerment Temple
Oh, yeah One of my dreams is to hear them together
EYES ARE PRETTY TOO GIRLS LOOK AT ME
so happy that you liked it!
Very true, could take you a while
Thanks OXOPS! We had a fabulous evening. It was truly wonderful to celebrate our anniversary with so many past
bello! Gracias.
De nada
Nice! It's a pleasant surprise to see how many folks choose a custom steel frame for covering the miles on
Great to meet you too, excellent results, excellent sporting display and a fab day out.
Thanks
Good morning to you! Enjoy your day
Study well timy!
Hi
You've crossed the line this time boy!!
My birthday is literally next week
Hi Kid
Notice me senpai
MercedesBenz: UmarJazy That would be 2018.
Maple looks like she is enjoying her walk Mike lovely day for it
all the way to the Governors office!!!
Yay not too shabby
Yes
Fabulous achievement :) well done Noah
Yes saw one this am
Village people are so nice and polite. They kiss you and touch on face.
Thankyou appreciate it
so happy that you like it
Happy SUNday
Wherever you may be today . . . Pause to just enjoy the view!
A hahaha sya sige ingat ikaw dyan
Jgh HUAHUAHUA KAPAGOD
That is terrible isn't it. If I am really honest with myself I only like Joseph bcos I know how much he loves me
I love you, Seokjin! Thanks for the update.
Impressive
Have a great meeting!
thanks for the like &RT
Bring them to the border to stop the caravan
Thanks for the support
Sundaying
Awwwww grabe yung Michael Jackson ng Aics Thank Youuu Jas Godblesss youuuuu
ALLERERSTES NUTS
Heute mit Monopoly!
dinlendim.
This is gonna be fun! wait
Have an amazing time
Strengthen interpersonal relationship
For You alone deserves the glory God. Nothing to boast
Your attitude, I applaud you Good luck for this semester I am sure you will nail it
I love it too !! Super plan .. Smart
Still very warm here
Eeiii, good morning I had to render the video again bc it saved weird. uploading to manyvids now and
Biggest Sale of the Season.
GET YOUR HERE:
Supreme for your friends
FREE
and ill always be that terrible friend for doing a single mistake. thank you for you putting all the blame on me
Pitch practices full speed!
Thanks
I remember sinking my entire allowance into those games. Good times.
He made it cute
I'm so proud to be me
Gorgeous! Great performance once again Rest up, boys
Mery number par call kar k daikhna kaise caller tone lage hy
Never put yourself in a pedestal assuming that you know the other person more than him/herself. One know thy self the best.
Ithapelle hela mo lapeng! It still helps
A very good morning it was
Late night talk with you is my fave
Wake up plays to be made
Happy birthday! God bless you always.
Im so happy to see smiling happiness is my happiness too!
Next na po ang Christmas Institute.
Love forward to seeing you !!
Happy 141st to us hubs thank you for making me fall in love with you over and over again
Happy Birthday Bro God bless you and enjoy your day!!!
Oh yeah sorry that's what he said
Them eyes tho big eye gal
When it's my turn you gonna hate me... Cause I'll just move on...
Happy Sunday
Maybe they are ghosts?
One of my favorite songs, too. Amazing tattoo
Name 2
en
There... Fixed it
Congrats & same
What's your problem ?
Sounds like a plan!!!
Sounds a perfect afternoon. Enjoy
We found your camera
A lot of things changed, so did u. I don't think I consider u as a "best-friend" anymore, bc never was I a friend to u too.
Good Night
Sweet Dream
Hey
Welcome home we love you
Had a lovely weekend celebrating Dashain and eating lots of great food
It might arrive to me first week of November. I'll ship it immediately naman basta weekend
in love with Tiffany Young
So. Did you have with your amazing fans that they sing-a-long to your performances. Ben!
I had a cobra sighting myself... amazing animal
That feeling when you arrive to India for the first time.
RAAS Devigarh
They are awfully proud of those smiles too. Gives brush a whole new meaning.
welcome
And, she turns 15 months old today!
Finally a small break from the rain! Still nice temperate though
Call me angel
Chivettes bored at work (30 Photos)
Thank u
Sometimes you just have to stop and appreciate your surroundings! Drop into for an afternoon
I actually just remembered O2tvseries, on it Thanks for the reminder
Regarde tes dm
Thank the heavens for never letting us know a "single" Fawad. He was always married for us. That saved a lot of us from heartbreak
happy Sunday over here
It was gorgeous. Not as lovely as Her Royal FloraNess but close
"DOWNTOWN" in 5 days 26M views Guys
i hope u like it
My first Oil painting Of
Yeah I have
If at the teen award say hi to z for me
Good job turtles
Thank you so much
Depends if you're in the mood I suppose
Congratulations on 50 episodes! my 50th this week, too!
trevorprosper: Hello Follow the first 200 to Retweet/Like
Soran olursa gilik dersiniz
Fantastic for you! Keep it up
I wanted a reply from swati
Laag cdo
I completely agree with finding the formula that fits your situation Also,
Dying mum's hair for her
I need this in the movies plz
Aubergines and courgettes, bolognaise and Parmesan
Honestly, you turned out to be the best thing I never had
thank you for inspiring me to vlog congrats on your 900k subs!
Happy birthday papa - prairie maxine
Hey aisho if u don't mind aaj teri jagah main khel lo
Pta hai kya... Har bar
Cheers bro.
Thank you
Hello do you have a favourite activity outside of twice Yes, sleeping
Thankyou very much Balvinder I'm happy you enjoyed my performance, love for the props that is very much appreciated!
All will gonna be worth it someday
Cabbage eating oats again
When are you coming to lead in a
Jameses have great taste
Thanks loveyouu
Welcome
M a l a m ~
hm hi... i'm waiting for the pictures with seohyun and hyoyeon
Nice chest
Im ready to go to EC this weekend and see my friends and fam... I miss them
Na as u say which yeye bus na... say na flight ticket tins.
All join sha....
Make I join you let's
Like the photo of
Is on form this Sunday
Female bushbuck at Djuma
Thank you
Sometimes things dont really go as planned. And. that. is. ok. Coz best things happen unexpectedly. Just wait and pray
Songs from the Stage...DoneLea's 40th anniv concert...coming soon to
Good morning Christy!
This would be lovely
Let us know when you do
Thank you It's the hanbok
We can be best friends
Contact me for your pencil drawing and frame. Retweet please my customer might be on ur timeline
Kamu vampire?
Kamu Edward? Aku Bella.
Going back to Cali
We have the best customers!! Thank you for the chocolates Aimee. We are happy you loved your balloons We will
Yvan navy time!
Thank you u have one also
Niiice played! Mucho gusto
lone Wildebeest Bull at Djuma
It's good to be home. Time to get some work done, huh?
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
It already sounds nice ! a nice mini-album without any doubts 1 months to wait !
finally home
Sunday treat on the last day of
Not as sorry as I am I still think I'm 16 not 37 xx
not purely a liking contest! There is only a percentage na kukunin from choice.
My babes call me Chef D
Be who you are and make yourself proud ! Good luck in your journey
Hope eveything will be well for you
Another amazing Telethon So proud to be West Australian!! We broke last years total! Thank you
You seem to spend a lot of time there
I felt the same way with a Eeeeeeee!
Lez do this erigoms on Oct 28.
Such an honour for me it is that you came on board .. thanks a ton didi
Thank you so much
We shall wait and see what that answer would be
Waiting on my western omelette . After that taking a drive to Big Red Orchards . Hope the sun comes out
hi alam mo ba na ang cuteeee moooo
If you haven't already, check out on twitch He's a sweetheart and his Kitty is adorbz too lol
Hahaha im doing the same! Also, if you know chihayafuru, the live action trilogy is pretty good too
This is so cuuteee babyyy
I am missing Gautam Gambhir in Indian team.
Waiting to see him batting for India
me also want this
Mimosa pudica
happiest birthday, gurl miss you! blessed up!
Advance Happy Birthday!
It already sounds nice ! a nice mini-album without any doubts 1 month to wait !
Ohk .we want the same..success of show..thank u
Let me go have ice cream
Hellooo Thank you!!!
Green mountain resort ang name sa fb. Barili to
Dont be sad . Tidak semua hati orang kita bole puaskan. I know you did the very best for rakyat
Biggest Sale of the Year.
GET YOUR HERE:
Supreme for your family members
Heart is so full today
Ilan na po nag submit ng form for izone fast eta?? Thank you po. (iz) one huhuh
it is indeed an Amazing event
in love with New York City
Follback ya
Sooo pretty!!!
Gutom na gutom galing workout, let's go.
Aw thats nice you want attention, honey i blocked u way before this all happened
Me too!! We must be related!!
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Oh it is right now. Have a nice time.
Yay going home today
Okay, thank you
Hahaha, are you American
Thanks for following Corbs, love your name!
sometimes you cannot tell precisely what's wrong, but just know what will fix it
Rah another video? Yeaaaah man another one | 'Like That' Featuring e_minormusic on the 29th October | Support
What? Did I miss an announcement?
Getting passion twists today
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Nigeria I know been a while but up beautiful
Yesterday was so much fun
Miss you Honey
We get to do it all again next season
Dundalk F.C. Leagues ahead of the rest
Ahh thank you, she loves your videos
Grilled served with and bread roll for
even ask him to, just went off and did it lovely man!
thank you !!
You too Jon!
Congratulations
Sarajevo is more beautiful
Very Nice I like the wood Sherlock wood is good
Support mo naman ako sa intrams hihi Eh? Sino ba to? Hehehe si enchong? Sureee
Thanks
Alhamdulillah
lol heard that
Am just sort of flattered/curious
We can make your Dreams more Real than your excuses
We have a business
The thing with Miniso you head there for one stuff only to leave several other items you dint need
Walmart have all these joggers for lil boys Self Check Out Me Plz
Jesus never said it would be easy, but He said it would be worth it! (Matt 7:13-14)
Good Evening God bless
omggg idk why because it didnt happen to me. but let's search it so that we can vote for sebong
Once u choose hope, anything's possible...
Gud evening all best dudes and
No boo nooo... Good ole kid free married life
Yupyup
Ready!
They weren't very interesting anyway but I'm going outdoors soon
Only like 3 days til Minho birthday.
have a great Sunday
I was really happy to see you on Friday come back soon!
But I'm trying my best. Pero mayo talaga
you soon heaven
Managing my time frequently
What Stolen !! Take Them Wz Full Haq
Of Course Babe I'll
On the edge
Yes Hansol I need more of you. Keep doing what been doing. And thank you Mingyu for spreading the virus to Hansol
Legs so long lose your way
This is great and a nice picture too.
Breanna will be taking 1st place this week (29 Photos)
I'm LIVE on continuing the FT PT of
Let's have some fun!
Thank you thank you!!
That's how it feels like when you wanna see your friends but nobody has the time. So how's the feeling mah friends? Hahahaha chareng
Just had an amazing dream about Woke up to a bed full of cum
Sa arrive
People whom I follow please follow back or I'm unfollowing
Lmao. You know. Thanks!
Yea Purdue smoking is so bad for you.
I'm sure insomnias didn't attack ikon so we would be happy if you didn't attack dreamcatcher
Wildebeest, impala, warthogs , Egyptian geese and Red-Billed oxpecker at Djuma
Looks and sounds great, Kris. The cigar too !
So Ji-Sub, can you be the father of my kids, please?
Lovely
Thank you, rj!
A lot of things changed, so did u. I don't think I consider u as a "best-friend" anymore, bc never was I a friend to u too.
Buwan
perfect jamming
Yep, I agree Rose
Na
I will! See you
Kshow. May tab na sa uc browser
Chocolate cosmos - and they really DO smell of chocolate!
No yeah ik lmao it was just a little joke, very sorry if it offended you!!
He is my Hero. Kept more promises than anyone I have ever known, except my husband.
Vista seu melhor sorriso
Neuer MEGA-Balkon Wohnung Holiday 3 fertiggestellt!
We can make your Dreams more Real than your excuses
We have a business
You're askin a lot. There wouldn't be a vote!
Thank you din Ms. Jing and to the whole Orgcomm
Thanks for translating!
we are indeed near the skydome arena, about a 10 minute walk
Saat 19.30'da Instagramdan
HMU if you need food recs
Thank you. Working on the Croft as ward manger. Hope well Sarah and enjoying your new job and home
It takes time worth the wait.
This is a day I will not forget,
Thank you sa Pogo friends ko
thank allliyah see you when i see you
Yeah it sucks, but cheer up!
Oh gosh so pretty girl so beautiful
Flowers will always bring a smile to a face
Happy and blurry from me
Meet version!!! thank u for this giveaway, i hope i could win this time
Excellent! Good luck with those subs.
Thanks
294/365
Went to GG to pick-up my orders JIT kasi nanganak na si Ate Joz!! Ready na ako to make baby stuff for
Explain please buddy
Don't say Sorry it's really okay hehe We can wait we should be the one to say sorry hehe for
How many of yall are like this . Lol gotta learn to take charge baby.. in a conservative way
Based on ur favvv.. order it frm 1 to 5 ... Dhanalakshmi, Abhi ,Jessie, Rudhra, Jaanu ...
Good morning
So strange sometimes how you go to class thinking about sth and ustazah just happens to say something that addresses it haha Alhamdulillah
Everythings gonna be alright. That's right. Thank you
trying my best to bring back ur trust
RM mono
Sorry Lord 7th but I'll go with Team Sarada
That's a lovely picture
Thank you
Done 2nd week of Training nakakarefresh ng mind hataw na ulit
Nope home with the famliy Brian
HOY! IMMA JB STAN!!!!
A few of our lovely customers enjoying the all you can eat buffet!
Thank you for your kind words, Sudhakara.
Ran the Yorkshire Coast 10K today in beautiful Scarborough. Raised for Bloodwise.
No worries
True strength is when you have a lot to cry about, but you choose to smile and take another step forward instead.
Smile is sunnah
Aisx sjbsbdnsksjf
Yess apadi thaan pola.. Ennathan ivana thitnalum ivanum nalla lyricist thaan
Then I thought I liked red as I loved that song by Prince under the cherry moon but then I thought no
Thanks
you are so awesome thank you for all you do in this world The Waterford
Always Johnny B
Trip to Tanfield railway
ko pero thanks
nothing wrong with going stag right??? Hello! Yep, totally fine
Nah, I'm sticking with lamb today. It's the rules
Happy sunday
Oh indeed I really was missing out
A lovely Sunday morning walk
Yeah~ i understood that part hihi thanks so much
Congrats Ate Pam, Sana More Videos To Come
Hehe hopes you don't hate me beautiful queen
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Join for on E! This October
Trip to Tanfield railway
Ena per kettu pogathu, unga per dhan kettu pogum medias.
May you find true happiness
of
it's like a relieved, relaxed, content feeling..back to the mountain view, crisp air, comfort home
Yay! Just only few tattoos i'm OK with that.
start this adventure together...
Hey old self, I'm about to miss you
When said was handsome before.
Whether Cam has a crush on him or not, he would
You can relate! Thanks
Saldir
so fucking fed up
Check Out this!!
Our Sponsors are Giving You a FREE bet up to
Simply
Good Luck!
stop wasting ur time on situation or person which u know at the end, will also end.
I so agree!
loveyouuu more, cheer up na ha, want you to smile
Inspired by Tanfield railway
Read this study!
Loving the photo Autumn sunshine is lush xx
Glad of the former and kinda the latter; but mostly the former.
My man just gave me my weekly allowance
Thanks
Fishing rod, 2019 i'll be spending my Sundays fishing
be working for HT technically then good luck!
All the best
Happy for you Enjoy it!!!
Hey guys!! I made an instagram just for mommy things!! I follow back, so please follow me!
The day I fell inlove
Hi hi hi! Everyone who has Gabriel on their photo is my friend
thank youu!!
,
Pero I always believe that life must go on, for the sake of myself, and for those who I care about. Laban lang!
Que lindos
We're watching Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them. I've not seen it before but my teen says she watched it at school and loved it.
Why not
Good afternoon Kate Connor
Tolles Fanart
Sadly, All too true ~ Should be required reading
Happy happy Sunday to you too
Streamst du heut noch?
It is finally open!
We certainly did. been trend setting since 2012
Ohhhhh so this what we doing good to see
Pues si, ha cundido la
Thank youu seth!!
Community service time
I guess I'm down to my last cry.
So after careful thought I figured out I have no clue which colour I like best
Done Making Excuses.... .
takpelah.. it's over now thank you for everything dude
Aaaandddd I am finisheddd with Was good, enjoyed it!
Click this link, hype the articles there, and save our new fansites HD pictures as well
thanks for the RT
wait
Thanks for coming to the US legally!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! DI NA KITA AAWAYIN NGAYON LUV MWA
Hey there my first youtube video is out.
Watch the full video on youtube.(link in bio)
Please
Nice
The Seven Deadly Sins new season has 24 episodes
Showtime: at [PXL] Screen
Morning everyone some Sunday wisdom
finalllyyyy...was waiting for sooooo long congrats to the lovely couple
*hugsss! shall see you soon?
No worries. welcome!
Sunday school flow
All good mate thanks. Will need to be replaced but insured.
Share naman po
(golden) EUPHORIA
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
Proud parent moment
We did that for 50th too - amazing
Congratulations to the couple
Such good news
Thank you so much - glad you received it
Cathy Doll in Burmar
watching in Netflix
Mutlu pazarlar
ohgosh. my life is tooooo tiring. wanna end this shit right away peeo kailangan pa nila ako. hays. not now... but soon
Thank you yeah is that that Simon great books and great chat
!rp Good night sunbae-nim!
How was your day? Have you eaten? Don't forget to eat well and keep smiling yaa
Final count = 11 shinies and a 98% normal which is now a Metagross
Steve-O sinks impressive trick shots in girl's even more impressive cleavage (Video)
Thank you
Osama, we call that cap "pakool" in pashto and it will look beautiful if You roll-in that round part more.
Thanks how you feeling?
Best start stocking up on milk and bread
Worth 1000 RTs?
This will put your worries of today into a different perspective.
Remember that the sun is
Today 5pm we live
GrandOpening of Good Life Sundays
The Hottest Party In the DMV on Sundays
Kaldis
That's fair
Good morning Elisa!
Fabulous weekend tottsocial
.
.
Thank you to everyone who ordered with us we'll be back
[SPOTIFY]
STREAM - First Time
Streams - 10.4M
Goal - 15M
Link -
Keep up the good
The saints play today.
and this oneeeeeeeeeeeee! You got a new fan
We don't need menus for the Triple-B (43 Photos)
Hola borito
Yes
Okay ra dang oyyyy. Fightingm we'll be both okay soon
The
Pas faux...
Can you remember the rest?
What an amazing place I think children, staff and parents will love it
Let's go girls! Let's have an erigom meetup hihi kahit ilan lang tayo let's do this
welcome very much hehe
Thank you
Say no more hun. then they rush
great. I really need to see it
Tara, Jollibee tayo!
May pa cake kapo kyah for my mom, anyway Thankyou po!!
I'd rather earn you're yes again instead of losing you
A scout smiles and whistles under all circumstances - Sir Robert Baden-Powell
My life been so peaceful ever since I block my bd number been nothing but PEACE
Happy back to the future day
Ha ha my sweet Dani, next time I need you here to have short night. I was such a good girl...In bed
Thank you hun
Aww thanks... It's a nice gentle one x
open insta dms thanks
You can read on our thread about the rules and how to join
Thank you
Thanks for the reminder!
De rien mon poto
You're so cute Thanks
that's why we love it! question is, did you enjoy it?
Exactly lorraine...anything can happen within the course of the season. So the poll is not needed at all
I scare really easily but this movie blew me away by it's art effects no time to be scared.
Special
Currently being pulled over at 10:10am on a Sunday because of my license plates. OUT PEOPLE. Change ya plates.
It's amazing what catching up with an old friend can do. Hopefully this time we won't fall out of touch.
Also sorry to my mutuals u all are very nice and lovely
Hello this is beautiful I wish I had female friends
It's about time
Came for a day & travelled to Punjab in the evening.
Thursday night for me in France I am looking forward for this episode the two previous ones are very good
Yass Mom nice to mee you grandma
Seongwoonie kept on looking and waving at the cloudzone!
Always looking for gureumdans!
Good morning Tom!
Thanks my friend Happy
Goodluck and Godbless Dimla! I know you can do it kasi may God kayo!! Iloveyou Thankyou! Appreciated!
Edho try chesanu
Thank you for the support!
Thank you
Have a magical day Ken!
Gud evening sirjee best of luck for ur next.. With
thank you ima keep praying on it
1 - rm 30
2-rm 50
*BANYAK LAGI DESIGN. BERMINAT. PM. 01156729701
Termasuk postage
Would love to see more like this for his actual album
Hahahaha! Sge2 u want the greek myth na book or kang percy jackson na book?
Than you Laney.
We should Start a new category for us slower warm up types.
got it!
Pssh you know it thanks Geanie
I am ur one of the followers n don't forget to remind nakuul to grow his beard n hair
Actually, may I put it out there: raw cauliflower is lovely!
Sounds like a great motto for a STL team ...
Moi c Poush
Good morning Lucille!
Finally ! This is what we expected from you sir. Thanks
Omg! Thank you for the hardwork I hope this project will be successful Sana nasa right age na
Thank you for your time in explaining this
Thank you!
Gaps can help cure the Monday Blues (30 Photo)
And I don't believe anything an anti-Trump person has to say.
Thank you po for sharing this Author
Winner is
DM me your steam tradelink.
that things that I will never have---ever
i'm already used to tho
ganda neto tas ang bait at friendly. tapos sigurado kalog din to hehe Godbless
1 million people were on those streets.
Hmmm spent the first night in our new house and just woke up to the smell of coffee a happy girl
goodmorning
Good night Mahal! Hope you have a great weekend. Ingat always. God bless.
my mom .. hey mom
smileys like these :) :( :--)) :---(( :p :* :< :> are cuter than emojis like these :
In the garden sunshine. This sun is amazing for October . Roast beefs on as well, lovely
Goodluck baba
Merci
My new video is out and welll umm.... you should go watch it
Beh oai, se matin.
Happy Sunday!
Projekat babuske gotov
dat number 1 yung 'other's life' ih
It finally got shipped!
That's such a nice shirt.
Greedings from Germany
Today I was just in my happy place whilst running. Sun was shining, out on 1 of my favourite trails, pure bliss
I'm a fond of you Really?!! Hahahah thankssss
Yes, he is! Fun to watch! is coming up Thanksgiving week
Small leagues team..
Best of luck..
Hye petite girl. You so cute can't wait to know u more.
Oh man, I wish I could attend BlizzCon someday, but alas
Have fun
We are thrilled to have John Burns, owner and founder of speaking here at our volunteers conference.
Good Night
pag study ug taman good luck bb
No mate I sent the keeper the wrong way on my 1
thank you Rosie
Thank you
Thank you
I'm sure he's ok now
Oh you can be sure of that pet
Hey beautiful, Good evening and have a good night. Thank you
Oh thank you
25 180 70 maltepe a.p ve a.pler
My tweets will be random, bcs I'll share what I likes. If you hate me or my tweets, geunyang nagajuseyo
Haha, thanks Albert, he is indeed!
Lmao . a woman btw
Thank you!
I will always give them their happy end! I promise!
Goodmorning have a blessed day
I won't be able to watch any of it but...
Allez Karen!
Allez Ernie!
Allez
Please send us a DM so we can discuss this further
uy thankyouu. sure sige hehe ingat din and Godbless u too
Yes, it's pretty and I like it a lot. Thanks too
Check out our last post if you missed it!
Support ugma gher, after sa cheerdance. Kami ang opening game
Don't promise me forever just stay with me and make this moment last forever
Got to see our Belle earlier at church. Best of luck, our future public accountant. Aja! I missed you,
You always make me happy with your and
Sorry, would you mind answering the second question please and thank you!
great! I hope you enjoy it.
The kind of day where for once I be bothered to do a fucking thing. And it feels great.
Of course! 'Escapetheory' is fine.
Thanks Nik we wait!
I'll leave this right here it may fit someone's ...-ONE
I'll make sure I add all that, thanks for the tip!
Sorry I'm a "she " not a "he"
Just say yes! And live happily ever after
Hehe kyot
Working the trade fair today
TV fan 2011-11
I miss him
Yes! Finally
For my future is secured in Jesus
I love the NBA
with the kulits! baby girls zaree and jaden
Wakes up to see CP3 got punched in the face
!
in good company there thank you
I was so bored I already planned out the names of my future son and daughter. Parang gusto ko na magkaroon ng baby. (HAHAHAHA)
And whatever you're going through right now, you can make it lavan jafan
He's from a film
Ha planning on getting them all for bday or Christmas now! Divinely inspired I think
BOL! I think Granny C loves it really Annie!
Hi po I haven't met you yet but my love mentioned you a lot to me. Thank you for being there for her tho!! Hope
Love you both
So happy to see a match between the two best setters of diff. generations
Premier prestige multi fait
Worlds largest cocktail party
Sorry, I am a good boy.
just waiting
Another book case filling up... I am very grateful to the ikea storage solution who enable my book addiction
... or perhaps instead deliver an workshop tailored toward health care professionals (physios) ? We
I'm slowly trying to accept it
Hiii po ate sorry to bother u po, curious lang po sino po kaaway mo? YUNG MGA KAKLASE KONG PLASTIK TAPOS
What is captured?
Miss you both!
Not the director of still giving us Sunday surprises! why u r our
take care!
Lol whew! Let me shake this feeling ..
With the NMAT done. Im just so glad that I made this effort to still come to you and visit you right in that moment
Answer this short survey if you want haha i just have to tweet this before i can start reviewing Enjoy~
thank you for showing how blessed this country woo sarap mag ihaw ng isda bigla ih
Tv lo Start Ayyaka Best Cheppandi Without Ads !
Reading some random thoughts about self it feels so good
Ahhhh im new too nice to meet you too! Lets be friends
The Season is coming what a wonderful night to end the master class.
The do a good podcast
Im home from another eventful day
Grandpa is home safe
And got to hang out with my friend today
Good Evening
Already follow kia hua h ap nee mjy
It will
Thank you so much
Aw thats cute
back with the gooooood old dayyyyysss. tambay payag kikid with ma kanto friends
This sounds so much fun! Dedicated to all you lovely people striving to make someone smile
Good morning, Mandy, former STEM teacher, checking checked in to this chat in a long
So ? What's your answer, miss ?
Be selective of the company you keep - for your own wellbeing, not others'
that was when they came back from new york
Good morning Hans
AELCO18 at University of
Always!
Thanks. I'd love to read.
I'm holding on to page2 of the tweet Hall
I'd rather have the confidence boost, myself... Leave the house feeling good
going to block if I see any trash talk. Not joking
Twilight is on
Thought of you when we were up there
Downtown In 5 days 26M views
I hope u like it
Love u Guru
My first Oil painting of
Japanese Style Wine red x Peanut Brown
got the order from my grandma
Hope she loves
Let's rewrite history and redefine democracy. Wait! Brexiters already been there and done that.
Happy Sunday!
Made my day , sa susunod ulit
Made this just today. Hope you guys like it No repost without creds or
my daughter LOVES this show
Sky-high
B's to phr tension ni Leni okay
just to make u happy, hopefully
Exactly
I agree
Plus qu'a m'acheter la version payante mtn
Thank you so much
Most Deserving Person in the big boss house... Dhumma tha de ge Full support from Haryana....
Maybe not now, but I wish sooner!
Thank you
going to be a loooong week, may Allah ease
Thanks
SEE YOU GUYS TOMORROW !
Details are below for the event
persiapan wedding
Jgh
Thank u chris
So saying Sorloth is shit and get in the team just like Collymore, even though got no strikers?
Favorite Kinds Of Balls Of Boys Known As Boobies
Thank you collin God bless
Lying in bed watching Delia Smiths Cookery Course from 1979. Happy Sunday
Thank you
I would like to look out this window too
TYSM ...great colour combo.! Have A Great Weekend.!
Well praise the Lord.. sounds good lol.. FYI I go on the rides, there to eat
sure! i'll be hyping this acct naman or will post through my personal account pag may stocks na ko
yeah it's worth reading
Pretty damn cute.
any online shops na pwede mo i recommend? shops na budget friendly lang hehe thank you po marami sa shopee!!
Soooo cute
Bibi Franco
Taehyung's look alike
//ctto//
Thank You Ate
And your blessed! Thank You
YouTube udan Modhu !! Test tube udan Modhadhey... Guys
Follow
Can you drop your lockscreen and wallpaper??
We are included
Thank you
~*~
My is today so I'm posting early
~*~
Tobias and Leila from
And a Happiest birthday to you miggylicious i will continue to pray for your good health and happiness love
This weekends colouring competition was won by Millie from Warrington Well done Millie, it was fab.
If you
Amen, sincerely you have sense and God will bless you
We had a rack herb crust - yum
Thank you!
when your daughter loves steve harvey.
or Cho or Jo
Hills, gotta love
Thanks for the shout-out, Matthew. We'll gladly pass it along to Wayne.
can't wait
As says, this is a more chill version than the final version of the gift art.
Way to go John!
Thanks, is Finally Trending Now
A negative mind would never have a positive life.
Happy Sunday!
I will sabunot you with the help of Kuya Pabs labyuuu
Hello Sunday have a gd one all
21.10.2018 Great Project BD For KristPerawat
stay strong
Goodmorning at church early today
Great! We're glad my colleagues could help. We look forward to sharing the skies with you. Have a wonderful Sunday. Mandy
Both are lovely and so are you Mai
Morning
Thank you Have a blessed Sunday, full of good moments, of peace and joy!
it's so hard to sleep...every little noise alerts you! Best morning cuddles though
At capital it only gets better each your is no exemption
such a cute gif. thank you so much
And take note of PISO
Purchase and Input VAT
Sales and Output VAT.
Love ...best chicken Caesar I've ever had
Isn't that the way it's done? Basically same procedure in this house.
Aww. Thank you fran Love you too. Mwah!
I promise I won't tell anyone it's your Birthday Catherine. Trust me
I need some funny people on snapchat if you can make me laugh do the right thing Ceelovelle
And you are blessed! Thank you
I know machi antha korangu kitta nalla sollu machi
Karma's a bitch
Amen God bless you and may you have a wonderful Sunday in his word
Used to rush home from school to watch silver hawks and Samurai X then they replaced silver hawks with swat cats... good times
Hang in there
Happiness? Will be felt in the beginning!
Love? Will be felt in the beginning!
Smile and laughters? Will be
Today was good time for trading and community day.
Hogs won, made new friends and now headed to see my beautiful niece. Life is good
I feel great this morning
the meme oh god ily!!!!
Get delicious vegetarian ingredients delivered straight to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh
Just follow back and my DMs will be open
That's so wise! Definitely I'll try to relax and enjoy the experience. Thank you.
Waiting on Hoomum to come back from a
Saturday be like!
I don't own any wisdom, so feel free to share and pay it forward.
TIL "qiutian" pronounced 'chiu-tiyun' means autumn season in Chinese language.
Chilly weather for Netflix and chill
Only if you leave it as well
Never a day late
Glad here! Your voice is an important one!
Currently reading Thank you for sending me a copy
Bonjour Nina Thais
Been stress free
Debt free
Eat when I want
Smoke when I want
been really living my best life for the past two months
Hey all
wondering if anybody has any experience with Trunk archive?
DM me please
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
ARMY: the boys going back home now. They can rest and we also ARMY FINALLY!
BTS, BIGHIT, esp NAMJOON: Ya
Condolence :< stay strong fam we're always here for you slide into my DMs if you want to talk to im free paytiiinggg!!
Errrr 9th actually
His suitcase is already ready
Cr.MGR online
Happy Sunday All Thank you for joining our streams this week ~ You can check out our schedule on our twitch
She means that she loves u and that ur amazing
Chuga Here i come
I hope you like it! Nice meeting you
Please do. It's amazing
32 here! army-umma
Yay
when can I come in I brought cake and wine with other sweet stuffs
It feels so good and relieved...
Yes is OWN's event, u can choose but first come first serve
Aww Very sad day for u boobs I look at it as no more yard work this yr
Totally agree! Netflix and Amazon Prime!
I wanna go to a pumpkin patch and pick out one to carve
No turning back
Sunday Walk
Davido with the Rice, Wizkid with the Stew, with the Palmwine Save the Date. 6/11/18 Balanced diet
Happiness? Will be felt in the beginning!
Love? Will be felt in the beginning!
Smile and laughters? Will be
Mabwepande, Here i come
Looks like Rigel, the brightest star in constellation Orion. The brightest in our hearts.
Wonderful, Sye.
Bought this baby today. angganda ng art style nya
11 Years and more than 1100 Concerts in 46 Countys later
I've been doing this more lately. It feels good.
Aw
You are currently at odds with Prof Maclean on the issue, sir...
| Mica {@MicaViciconte} instastory de beel_canet (1/2)
Jilly and Neulli photoshoot
Sure. It's all good man
Thank you
Since I don't have much work to do. I will continue studying hangul since I stop it because of too much work.
So I am GE instead of HRH. Everyone deserves a title
Congratulations
don't study hard, study smart. Study ka then rest for 10min. Study ka ulit.
You know we'd love to have you and potato Will
What a match today Keep going
they found the password
Thank's God
*
*
Thank you so much see you next week
Rah another video? Yeaaaah man another one | 'Like That' Featuring e_minormusic on the 29th October | Support
Self thought: Never compete with others instead improve yourself as an individual.
My pleasure as always Cathy...
Then when you all come to MIAMI stay at my place.
Love this song
And only one misspelling of tomato
wait to get my own little house and buy myself a dog
Not by mouth send pictures first
Drowning myself in tears while damaging my ears with music
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off
My happiness is here!
Thank you
Hi Trish If u wr in d film wat role will u do?
i love you boy thanks sa love
Good luck and fighting i know you can do it!!!~ *sending my virtual hug*
Well done all - great result amd a moan free performance
MSOC | MATCH DAY!
Missouri S&T Miners Indianapolis Greyhounds
10/21
2:30 p.m. (ET)
Key Stadium -
Grab your rod, let's go fishing! (35 Photos)
Happy Bunny free mikate/ puff puff today
Send me your account details
wait
I am also a double (or even triple or quadruple) alarm setter!
time Back to hintay time
I agree very cute
How do u handle such Love and Support
Bon dimanche
thank you
21.10.2018 Great Project BD For KristPerawat
And potentially the best English player in recent years
~* Sarkar Creates A New Records
If you love them, love them whole
If looking for sunscreen na hindi malagkit sa face try nyo to.
Heading south again. These weekends always go by too fast! Happy I got to see the whole family mom and pop,
Netflix all day. This is the life.
I had fun from Thursday-Saturday and only spent a good $100. Hoco was a great investment lol
We will read it w fucking joy!!
Vote so more of this bright young person can happen who will understand stuff like this and climate change...
My language is French, but I am French Canadian.
I wish I was into both. But, I love boots on others. For me, I just have one pair I love and I've
Some heavy hitters in the social world. Thank you
That's right.
Oh wow! How lovely
Congratulations
Obrigada por invadir minha foto, linda
Oh man, i don't want to do that either (so tempted). It'd be cool if she did follow me though
Cheers! A drink for happy times, a drink for sad times, a drink for wild times and a drink for mild times...
Thanks For Your Compliments
If i ade jumpa, I'll let you know
His birthday until tomorrow but we celebrating today and tomorrow
Another great day playing with toys at the Expo Torrevieja with
See you next time
Thank you for your support
thank you!
Thank you Jose. Have a beautiful day
I am wearing my free gift.
Toby the alarm clock lol glad your not hurting tho
thank you
Please pick up the phone and vote for or download the X Factor app and use your 5 votes for him
and join us
Happiness? Will be felt in the beginning!
Love? Will be felt in the beginning!
Smile and laughters? Will be
thanks for following back
Good morning make today a great day!!!
Live motion design with on - what a entertaining and educational way to spend your sunday.
ppl : How many visual in Stray Kids ?
Stay : one, hmm two, three ahh nine . We have 9 visuals
If you've never seen a bunch of naked women screaming together in public, this is the tweet for you.
Thank you!!! and yes you can dm me here
I suddenly know how to react React like this:
best tacos ever have are from stripes
glad I got to see you yesterday
Sorry pero i can do this on my own na
Thurs. Cable: (0.28) 0.04 vs Last Premiere; Audience (0.474/Mill) 0.101
Likely to be Renewed -
21.10.2018 Great Project BD For KristPerawat
Correction: I have a pair of wee Redwings in the garden
down
No problem at all. Hope they feel better soon
Oh yeah! That one looked cool I read through Jane, the Fox, and Me it was very sweet
I promise I'll be just as strong as I can be
- Oh well Oh well
4 hrs left on the auction
I have a total of 8 piercings but one closed so I have 7
Thank you po.
Recomindalo
Ima be going to my game so upset lmao let's see how that turns out . I'm ready to turn my anger physical
on the Starple app! I think you have to download the app
Yes bebe Josh, bagay yan sa soulful voice mo with your charming face
good to know bub! Yeah kinda, I was busy preparing for an event but free now sorry I
I was thinking of doing the same but also freaked out but hey already there a great start thanks for the tip
We will! Seeyou next week Mics!
Haha I was fine, as I was working , I only sat down for a minute for that photo
Trop chou
Hope this helps!
Hi can i get more friends?
Thankyou Lord sa unexpected blessings
ha ha you have to know...
Merci pour les Thank you for the wishes
Can't remember the previous one !
But this one is for sure a stunning one
Have a nice day
Always a pleasure
Let's bring it!
I'm fine thank you
alo hyung!
Good morning ladies! Have a wonderful show ! Enjoy the day!! Happy Sunday!!
That may be your idea of communication- it's certainly nothing I'd be proud of
This is what we called a Father-Daughter bonding. cool mo sir!
21 Oct 2018
Project 8 Quezon City
I refuse to deal with you niggas once you fuck a big boss anything less is unacceptable
I. Slept. For. 12. Hours. and it was AMAZING!!!!!!!
A new block gives us another chance to become better versions of ourselves!
I need someone who will stay beside me sa journey kong to.
Thank you
PowerLedger $POWR price: $0.183059
QUICK! Sign up before Binance closes registration!
Thanks
Thank you Alden you make us all happy... hanggang dulo , Laban! Praying for you & Maine
21.10.2018 Great Project BD For KristPerawat
No 2018
so glad its done. And finished with time to spare, always a surprise
Today, Sunday, October 21st, we'll wait for you from 3pm to 8pm!
thank you ate
2018-10-17 Emquartier : ) Just smile everything will be fine
~*~
My is today so I'm posting early
~*~
Tobias and Leila from
Portsmouth, you were brilliant
Wow how rude. Somebody needs to learn about manner
Done Cenggini
It will be the day in the restaurant when it happens. so get a go fund me ready for my bail.
Thank you Lisa x
No worries haha.
Good Morning
He was fantastic, breath of fresh air
razors are always better
home baby
tbh, nung personal account ko pa gamit ko, i never thought interacting with my co-fans would be this fun
Action speaks louder than words diba stay low key
Thank you po
Hey Jenny, you're able to find your local store here: and it also shows the opening hours Alex
Mentor is important in succeeding
How to Learn and Get Better at Your Job | CloserIQ
Madam Jiyeon
Pwede naman kuhanin
I did actually both.
Goodnight pips.
Morning Chello!
Indonesia days.
Smiles are magical!Smiles like this make the world a better place! Just smile! Share your joy today with a smile
This reminds me of that one precious KLIA moment just we (8 of us i think? Or less) had with DahMo...
I love when old ladies get ass hurt over my tweets.
I am reading the Book... Do I also need to watch it? Adore the 1st book so far...
If I unfollowed you here, it only means I removed you form my loyalies list
You have the chubbiest of cheeks now.
Hope u all have a wonderful Sunday
Monsta X - Kihyun
Naniniwala ka ba na is sweeter the second time mas naniniwala ako na is the center of
a difficult job first he has to find then to decide whether to cut it or not.... he should charge u more
Oh no hope they caved in as they really would enjoy it
Useless ra kung magpa ila ko because i'm not your crush mn sd Weeee we dont know
Thank fuck I can use internet best nights sleep ever in our new home.. This I pure bliss x
This should be on everybody's list.
tonight at yay!
I posted all these on my group, you really are an outstanding journalist, I hope your editor appreciates you
Come and join us at the mojo market this evening for some delicious tea
Many congratulations to both of you
That I am
A keurig cafe + 1 square of dark chocolate
We love you too Shawn
I have a feeling that more to come! see & believe in
When it rains, look for rainbow.
When it's all dark, look for smiles Taguig
,
Yeah, but you look really good now though
I'm your biggest fan!
Congrats
Finally a day when I get to watch both boys play and both boys got the win
Wow how rude. Somebody needs to learn about manner
Last na to promise. Hehe gbye!!
- Catamarca
I can show you if you want Angela! It opens so many doors for creativity!
Today watching at Inox and then Domino's
Way to go girls. Awesome game
Ito ba yun Darren
I am singing now
just wanted to let you know what a terrible job you are doing delivering my parcel. Thanks
Biggest betrayal on this cult
Ai : Aaaaaa...nielsung gc, lemme join, i ship dem too
Gc : hello ai, why dont u
Thank you!!
Aww, thanks pal!
Aww thanks
I think you more then her
Kill all lebarl kakrochs
The lady in red
Still one of the most favorite days I had
me after my third emotional breakdown in the last 24 hours
Oh ya , i can be a bitch too .
Drest would be the first to agree with this.
thank u
but y KSA needs their support right now??
U r so pretty tho Thank youuu
I'll ignore you like you ignore me, let's see how much you like it.
Hi omg welcome to the fam!!! and yes I do! sister tattoos ~ I have a mood behind my ear and my sister has the sun!
Large feasts surrounded by friends and family! Now you're in the
Hope you have an amazing time witnessing history being made !
Very
I guess tmr is the start of me pushing all the history essays inside my brain
hi can tell aliyah text me back because l need talk with her
Do share music... it always brings a smile to everyone's heart, consoles the soul
Ha ha in the night everything can be possible, even giant rabbit on the roof top
Imagine how informed people will be
Lemme let ya in on a little something.... it's about looks, not comfortability.
Service: Gel Manicure
Price: $35
Color: Slipdress by Essie/ Tiara by Orly
Book w/ Brii: Link in bio
Realizing something is not bad.
Nice! Steve in some decades?
Thanks
Thank you
Thank you
Tita melow us2 q din milktea
I adore all of my pets Happy Sunday darling friends, family and all the pets River Heights
Super smashing Ace Time Col
I am applauding
I like me better when with me
Good luck Kate! We're all cheering you on back home! Saw you before the start on the live stream
From what country are you from?
That one from 1999? If it is, I looove it! In fact, a Rachel Weisz fan from that movie
GET WELL SOON TATA HAVE SOME REST PLEASE
New In Coffee Portfolio
Thanks
I thought you might
Way to go girls. Awesome game.
Found your cv sa lib computer Was astonished then I searched your name and found it. Amazing kayu ka oh
Thought you might
Thank you with all my heart Army! I wish you all the best in life!
moj ulubiony solo track to:
wdech*
beginliestigmafirstlovereflectionawakemama
cold and maybe in both ways
Waaaah~ the plot is similar. What a coincidence!
you're welcome rajin2 tengok gsc website for updates~
happy Sunday time for#church
They ARE beautiful.. You're so talented so be proud of yourself
Thanks!
Lol so with the new lib rules
What a glorious day for splashing about
I'm grateful. Having so much support from good friends.
Goodnight pepz
HELL YEAH IT'S MY BIRTHDAY !
Happy birthday to the worlds most amazing man.. I love you so much dad you truly are my rock x
Brand new mate just needed a good sleep purely medicinal
Merci
Hi favor hahaha Please click the actual picture and hit like "" or heart "" and share this post Thank
Cannot wait to see you tonight!
PowerLedger $POWR price: $0.182670
We verified that Binance is accepting new users!
Good morning
Good hearted woman with an overthinking mind.
Now, I wait for the upcoming DLC
Can anyone wishing to help deliver poppies come to B104 after school and get this delivery out
I love it when I write shit countries leaders say weeks later.
Thats great !
Try mine
Aw no worries!
I thought you might like this.
Dont compare me with him
He is legend
I had
Going great Really enjoying driving. Went to Derby yesterday and driving around Leicester today.
Csinaltam egy ilyet
Morning have a great day
pick up right where we left off
Good morning!
Very pleased with the time considering
To self: laugh. laugh. laugh. That ref came out of there jumping!
Thank you
also i forgot to say this but have fun and don't forget to bring your passport
their group name is iKON! try to watch their mv theyre really talented
Sunday afternoon sofa selfie...
RM mono
And jaehyun wanna hv sexy dance
Uknow vibes
I hope everyone will be okay
remember when jungkook suddenly adjusted taehyung's mask for him at the airport?, the sweetest
My other sissy slut has just received her new underwear set
she look lovely
You are very welcome.
Thank you so much I do try my best
+++ more the love fam! Let us prove that armys fight in a decent way. Bangtan and army deserves love nothing less.
TY
Happy Day
Flatulence is when you fart
TWICE
MLB
I have a few of her songs on my YouTube app - always my go-to for positive workout music.
I am back from old appartment. Now I am going on bus station buy ticket for tomorow. How are you now? I am fine
welcome Chris, really looking forward to my visit to Patterdale in 4 weeks time
How I spent my Sunday!
After a long long time I spent the whole day with things which interests me a lot.
2 months left sa 2018...di nko sayangon sa negativities, ill focus on the positivities instead
If I call on you when down bad call on me when you get blue balls
Family is and should always be Number 1
And too you...
I'm so happy that finally you are back
Hope you are well now...!! Btw we missed you so much
Thank you (and everyone else) for supporting Glad you all had a good experience
MP
Thank you
Good afternoon darling yw and thanks have a brill Sunday afternoon xx
Solide ! Bravo
Merci pour le message sympa
I wholeheartedly bet on that too!
Touchdown, home.
Pajama feels
Thankyou ate
She means that she agrees that shes amazing
Mood domenicale in giro per mercatini
why specifically Thomasian or NU friend? Curious lang haha but thanks for the suggestion, Alex!
Preparing for tonight
Bounce back next game Prince Tiger We'll never get tired of supporting you and the team!
U r Welcome.
Oh really, that's funny! Thanks Clarissa!
Have Patience & Trust please just give him time
proud of u cuz
People closest to me are actually a blessing
I'm doing some drafting today As part of my year long influencer collaboration with I get the
Time flies when having fun
Sooo yeah, take whats on hand and see how it goes
Say it as it is why we all love you
2-shot roulette with the cute one ...
Ham bata ke busy hote hai kuch log bina bataye
Know your worth Kings
Good morning!
When you wanna cry but you just can't
We hope...
And ANP is winning from Peshawar again.
Looks like Peshawar is shifting its mood as well.
bom dia
sounds like a great read!
DM me and we will figure out a day/time
Um, I'm sure it will be a great match
Is any goddess looking for a loser to sissify?
DM please if you are into that
God Bless
Movie
Me too! Thanks so much Rachel.
thanks nen
*Sending virtual hugs* I hate seeing you so down and sad. Smile always, okay? okay to be sad sometimes.
Im bored send me some questions!!
Beautiful picture, very handsome David reminded me of this picture, ..
Great posts! Keep 'em coming. Interested in accommodation bookings? Let us know.
Happy Birthday Lana. The best of wishes to you, Lovely. Have a beautiful day.
Hey can i get more friends?
USTOQ NAGKUKUSA HINDIN YUNG PINIPILIT PA
maybe miss you!!
Goodnight!
Bucketlist
Judge a pageant
I had sooooo much fun! Definitely the highlight of my weekend. All smiles, all smiles.
thank you
Not in the context of my wearing stockings & suspenders lol
Done with my 2nd cup of coffee
Done dr kmrn
Thank you mitchelle!! more kwentos soon hahaha
Add me to this list too please!!
Good morning! Sunday dawns with nowhere to go but home.
Comfortable sofa
It's a matter of choice, "then I chose to be happy"
Good Morning Lady Rose!
So happy you like..& thank you
God Bless You Always my dear Friend.
Of course I will play it
E seja como for, com a alma!
No they aren't. Its mothers being the nastiest except for me jealous cows
With boiled dumplings with a side of callaloo
Hey! You look good when you smile can you smile once more
Lol welcome
thank you
I am an adoptee. What is your thing?
Very well done, Kyle! What a star! Super proud little brother too!
Coffeeholic with friends 7/11 Monkayo
Yay! be ready when it arrives!
He is cold outside but a loving and sincere person inside, that's why he is my BIAS.
someone go to the fair w/ me , please thank you
Thank you so much
Goodnight
Subodhji, fans are not less than friends
AAAA Ive always loved your art, and now you're on twitter! Hope u enjoy it here
You cool your funny and nice don't let them get to you. It's your life your choices and they are perfectly
Wkwk iya rean
Wow ma'am super
I guessed it correctly
Lovely
Bye Bye , CORKY CORKER.... you talk a GOOD GAME... and then ALWAYS do NOTHING
Please can you post some good screen caps for me tonight and repost my faves thank you
Beautiful sun steaming through the kitchen, while I'm cooking a pork stroganoff.
I'm teaching a 6 week beginners drawing course for adults next month - would love you to join . Sunday's 1 -
Yes it is
Happy Sunday, guys! Start another week tomorrow with a grateful heart. Always find a way to be happy. Here's a
A reminder to all students that picture day tomorrow! forget to bring your smiles
So Happy your back and loving the new song and the music video for
Thank you Mayuli. Have a wonderful day everyone.
And me ?
Me too
It was a grey day but a nice day non the less because it was Sunday
Allez faire un tour
Live and let die another day
A double
Thanks me later
Furbaby ugh excited na talaga ko.
Watching some lacrosse today!! Tyler is in blue with the red helmet!
Ready Stock
I'm selling Swaddle Muslin Colors (Large Size) for RM25.00. Get it on Shopee
Thank you Lord for the weekend!
Wav you te
Chill
thank you po
Pooh
21.10.2018 Great Project BD For KristPerawat
He never forgets this habit
More please?
One day!
True, Ms. Rem. Communication is the key.
Recommend laura mercier translucent loose powder trial kite jual dear
Thanks for the follow
hit me, ju know how i do!
people tell me how cute my skin is allday at this school
Today is my waifu 's birthday ! If you watch my story, I'm now au airport for the holidays !
Thank u
Thank you..
done na po
Looks like this bird is a great dancer too
Check your heart
Wish he could be a regular judge, he was a breath of fresh air
yeah gone head get my fav Pisces a wedding band in agreement so we can get this shit cracking
Aku streamingnya beneran kok kak Din
Everybody deserves to be happy
Thanks.. Really enjoyed. Bit bad luck! But enjoyed
Do you need some sunshine in your life? Here borrow some of mine
Looked her up and discovered her chocolate and date mousse. How absolutely PERFECT thank you
Great sex is the healthy food
Oh i had a delicious dinner Hbu?
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
Ituloy na to next year
LizQuen's
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Thank you
Thanks for making me laugh every day ! World needs more of that
No worries good to see ya.
Welcome love
que te recuerda?....
Nice! Rain, especially, makes me happy as well!
Very little is needed to make a happy life, it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking .
Took a few days off from Twitter & one of the 1st I see is this, thank you for starting my morning with a smile
eng sherep nemen sa eyes Goodnightttt
excited for my birthday
thiyyakee mashakah oi choice eh noon
Thank you
Thank you
Okay babes, have a blessed day further
Have a great Sunday Eric
Oh! Thank you so much
Thank you
I was pretty sure it was 1988. That was great piece on him and of course, more than welcome!
Love axolotls, I had a pair for many years and they used to breed regularly. Axolotls always look happy
They fun tho
Mathi promotion start cheyenda time aai
Watching Harry Porter all over again
Nagread ra kog books pa ron charm hehe. Mag attack on titan ta ko. Try kissanime daw
Love you Thank you for Yesterday !!! Rest well
minghao snatching all our hearts who gave him the right?
Al castello?
welcome
talk about it today
We have actually! but it would just be bladdy nice if they could get back to us properly. I know I sound so grumpy but come onnnnn x
your fan since my last birthday Hi broooo, for keeps rani. kitakits soon
Meron na
Let's get love be our spiritual practice today I admire you sooo much!!
^__^
gracias igual
181021 Jeong Somi IG Story
"Thank you thank you our Mihyun unnie you've did very well! really the best I
Compromise.
Make the bed with the creased linens and iron the bits that annoy you in place.
Test test
Thanks for sharing
is so & when is
The ICC WOMEN'S WORLD T20 starts 9th November 2018 in West Indies
Good night great breeders and owners.
I was sad coz of something but when i clicked on the video i smiled instantly
Yes, whatever you say
Where going we need Rhodes
I loved your waltz
meeting with the doula today.
Ask me anything
Don't ask me why im not interested with their business anymore bcs they don't give a fck with mine too
Always thank God in the good moments and bad moments. Have a good morning everyone.
I wish be a sun for give you all day and night
Thanks
Very nice
Just chapter 2 now. I only get like 2 hours of gaming a day. investigating the real estate company
I'll just leave this here.
thank you!!!
Good Morning feeling Bless on this morning just not feeling good Happy Sunday
Thanks Jen! Means a lot coming from you! Adding new ones on Empathy and Dig Cit tied to
Chief justice sahib that's why we love you
Anyone dalam ni nk buat side income?
Limited utk 5 org shj
DM for details
yasss, i have ten favourite song in this album
20 was a year of discovery and excited to see was a year of Discovery and excited to see what 21 brings
Oh and please keep wasting your time and effort, some of us really appreciate it
still stuck here FYI
thank you for the re-tweet.
We found her! Here's the beautiful Justine (21 Photos)
Zero worries. I appreciate that you anticipate my work at all, truly!
How fab is today
The same way you dependent on high press.. Mourinho should keep doing his thing
I was just out of data between Flinders and Mistress' house
Fall home with the family cat githeisland_cat
.
.
.
.
.
Wow, a good feast
right.... wait
DM you nooow! x
Thanks!!!
Thx you too
newCastle of the Popes is what I'm being told in the earpiece
That real or fake? Just asking
Unistalled-Tantan
My love how are you? thank you for making me smile. I love you so much
I started one this morning too
I know if you have tried either- but look into Zicam, and Emergen-C!
Plus we still want them to increase minimum wage so still expect /2x d current prices
welcome
Goodluck and God bless Ate Shai Kaya mo yan.
Changing out my summer closet for fall and winter~ GOOD MORNING
Awwww, beautiful pic and love the tartan xxx
hug ka namin!!!
Can I confess that I have a huge crush on uShongololo
handsome and honourable man!!
Thank you! x2.. And Good Morning over there. Have a awesome day
Awesome thanks.
Thanks
Hi! I miss you cousin.
Hi. Same price lang. (ticket price + web fee).
I totally think that too!! Thank you for reminding me too
hahaha! Ofc! early bday present for miss A.
I know, but it made me feel all warm and fuzzy and wanting family time.
well, petite du jour "Spring awakening 2009" avec
Tonight chat is what I want everyday
Aww man least you enjoyed them be tuned in for some fantasy advice thank you Kay
This how I'm gonna hit my ex
Not sure! Keep you updated
Anneannem gelmis
Oh hell no! gone to the dark side. Dogs>Cats. make me send your Corgi a bus ticket to Texas.
Going to vote tomorrow
ay sigeee ingat. and enjoy din
None of your forwards is better than Messi
Thanks to each one of you for all the wishes and blessings.
trevorprosper: RT trevorprosper: Hello Follow the first 200 to Retweet/Like
Thanks for the pic
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
HELLO BELLA!
(I just saw this)
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
ano po YouTube account nyo ate?
Interesting... be taking a listen later
I use that to
so happy to see you all again...
Thank you
sportsmanship it.
I retweeted ur pic but it let me dm you can you dm full pic to me princess
Hey, I may be starting to stan fromis_9, any fan account you could recommend me?
Beautiful day for a run
happy 2nd monthsary sabawteen
My stomach grumbled as I translated the tour and my heart shook hard as I translated the scene
"God loves me" in three different languages.
Just wanna start my week right without stressing myself with that periodic table issue. Learning should be
This thread is simply perfect.
I cant wait for you guys to see how much shes improved since the last summer camp
Hi Rebecca I make candles and wax lanterns, inspired by the beauty and colour of every day! Not
Absolutely would be great for you...
Go and enjoy yourself there
Next month
You're welcome. It was awesome to learn some new information. Especially about how to help kids
Alright. I will.
getting zoey back in daycare very soon she gonna be learning and excited to be around other children
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
Shout sa BSCriminology na si EDISON P. EGIA JR. HAHAHAH.
Since first semester ikaw pa rin talaga crush ko letse
Hey guys! We're holding our next hackathon November 23rd - 25th Makers:
Happy birthday!!
Thank you very much
That cold front came through
So 5-0 and we go third
ok let the countdown begin for reals . Go get your tickets at the different outlets Cc
Oh, goodness! Her sweet reaction! I love it. So glad you got it on video and shared it.
1 Minute with PiOne
- PiOne Any Time, No Matter What You
Mute Mode
Atif Ho Ga........
I'll be back in a couple days!
Get fucking ready cunts! We are going to destroy this pussy!
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
Transport (Out-Of-)Focus approaching Berwick-upon-Tweed.
And still lovely
Guck mal
Go on .... but please be nice
Thank youuu
(aji) horse mackerel, one of my favorite fish.
Restday
Don't worry we won't show your mum
Only option
I love this so much! And in limerick! I miss limerick! She's certainly a lady
I work at the library you're visiting and we're super excited to have you come speak!
Mi foto Pantalla Dividida de Webcam Toy
Thank you
i'am not a pet lover at all. But. I just want to pat their heads only. I swear. That's all ON ME.
Finally We got to see it
or
Who were they ? Brothers or Enemies
Great thread, Laura. Followed
have some fun tonight
Good morning
You are very welcome and thank you also yes for sure another beautiful awesome day headed my way Lol
Oh cool thanks
Know your worth mga pards.
Why I like golf
The sauce is butter, brown sugar, vanilla, a bit of cinnamon and rum
I guess he know me too well. Always been thankful to have a friend like him.
Our always appreciate by his fans
Our with a fan with his
talk to me love, don't be afraid You need to come off anon if you want me to talk to you.
A&M with Tito Lhar.
lharsantiago | IG
Classic
Good luck to you & the team!!
Glad to meet his cousin's through VC pero walangya naman! Kinabahan ako ng verylight! Hahahaha pero happy
10-15 all over india? thank God tune all over world nhi bola
Not all superheroes wear capes doing a great job
21.10.2018 Great Project BD For KristPerawat
Happy for youuuuu. I know time wil alsol come for me.
Not started yet ... probably will get into gear around the last week of November
Stray Kids I am YOU please
my bias is Jeonginnie
I went
but first, give our band the best pieces
Our Children will know The Lord In Jesus name. Amen.
I actually had a raspberry bar!
Sir let us go to school cause missing mine and you need to learn a few things
Caught Jake Tapper's program after all. His guest, Senator Ben Sasse, has drawn the ire of Sean Hannity. I
Thanks! I thought it was interesting, too.
That's what I feel
thankss
Honest answer...
As usual, the most awaiting performance by the Zamani and he gonna singing with a legend too!
wait!
Such a complimentive Southern man
N I haven't even finished my post Sunday breakfast coffee yet!
Followed, liked and re-tweeted
I can't laugh people on a Sunday I'll laugh tomorrow
Easily I went to sleep and woke up 12 hours later
beautiful
Thank you!
iMessage group chat
18+ mention or dm me
I saw you sent me something great about street art .... catching up!
Life on the interwebz eh Colin?
Awww how lovely xxxx
just talk it's free and not stupid
I really like your voice
Thank you
Happy birthday keep slaying!!! to my forever twin sister I LOVE YOUUUUU
Iss meme
sene 2011 varol dostum
Truly glorious.....
Nice buddy will get that done for you tonight and get it sent out to you. Thank you YNWA
When you feel like quitting, think about why you started Sky Water Park - J. Center Mall
Family Matters! Happy birthday to my California Sister Jackie Roane. Had a ball celebrating yesterday at Glen
Atacama desert
Girls who think k awll mens are trash ! Really are self obsessed
They need to grow up
They should
sorry ah, I just really had a bad day today. :( sorry if I snapped on you :(( Ok lang
Pili Dave or Chan? Dave ug Chan
promise both sila buotan and nays kaayo sila ma friend
celebrating friendship
Proper wifey material
Thank you so much
No regrets na pinili ko sya Struggles come but they also go. She's the kind of partner that im praying for
just a slightly different look to your photo Tahlia. Hope you mind.
Lord, I know that you're always there for me.
Totally second that
//I don't think you are a bad person. You're a great writer.
No problem
Love Columbo
Cooking breakfast then knocking out all this HW. Sunday morningggg
Already been following
Thankyou Bro
Better late than never, Karin
So so far from God. Maybe its time for me to come home i shouldn't isolate anymore. Allah sebaik baik
Babu oppukovadame alasyam
6 months lo bomma digipoddi
5 days, it was quite amazing. Well, always an end. Thank you.
Ps: so wait 3 years or more again huh ?
Gender reveal today
i want you to leave. but if here just to leave me .. agahan mo na.
And Woojin too?
Thank you and you to babe
7
Shinies, beste 67%, beste non-shiny 91%. Bin sehr zufrieden mit diesem
Thanks for the long words and the RT! You do the same
Check this one out. Dee has been very great updating this list regularly with Cin clips.
this perfect for you
Help a Carat out! Does anyone know how much the Seventeen x The Saem perfumes are being sold in Korea? Thank you~
See you bro
Carmen worry ! ...Your future is the Federal Bureau of Prisons.
Wavy baby. Run, roll up then Vegan French toast.
I feel happy today.
: This boy is so caring... Thank you Suga for saying this because it's the truth
Missed you but I think you had a pretty good deal
Thanks Jackie a beautiful afternoon here hope your having a relaxing Sunday Mums having 5
Thank you! You too!
i come here for my shit and i leave
correct honor our country trash it ...!! Come to America legally
Thank you
Just got home and seeing all your posts about nakakataba ng puso.
To the organizers, congratulations!
Thank you
Day 2
Ganda ng chest!
I hope not late here ... 08159729709 Glo
Lafang after a long, happy day
Good night Sunday!
Thanks Colin, You too honey xxx
[ WTS/LFB ]
Anyone here interested for Wanna One undivided album v1??? PH buyers only.
My friend is giving
0x $ZRX is currently: $0.890442
Binance registration is now OPEN for limited time!
I will be there!
He's just like me,i can see myself to you my bunny i think we have a lot of similarities While
Yes.. may motivation na siya
I can pu today if anyone needs 1
Lay in bed with bae while watching some funny videos from twitter is the cutest thing
cuman ngebayangin akutu, cuma ngebayangin -_-
on top of that an hour late to work bc my alarms go off
Thank GOD... Atheist like me will not be banned
You too
Two more days until my birthday
Good morning
It's a perfect picture
hoy putooot! happiest birthday to you wish u all the best in life. stay who u are God bless, miss so much
wait to go home next weekend to my family, babe and dog
unsay course nimo? Bachelor of Science in Accountancy hihi bakit po?
Yesterday was a great day
Lmao! Then the British perhaps stole the concept of time from us
03 !!
Thankyou, ang saya saya Congratulations sa successful na event.
18,000KRW
Thank you Nothing else would do!
Goodluck sa Final Defense tomorrow
C'mon fam. We can do it! Don't stop voting YG artists in using STARPLE app. They deserves a spot in top 10
Happy Kenneth Having a lovely day thank you although it just stared raining but we've had a few
jaejoong's never ending love for fan boys is cute
Amen. Success in your exams
Bletchley Circle
Thanks for connecting. Great to meet you!
Thank you for listening!
Er! Nope
Smile ate cheer up
Anyway if you want to play again you can add me and play together
Thank you so much!
I wait
Short Shorts Remind Us Long For Summer
Great to meet you this weekend. Thanks for your support.
New JISOO Fansite
Happy new Sarah God bless you with all the happiness
Awesome awesome night shift last night!! It's sleepy time then do it all over again tonight!!!
i tell you "terimakasih" for this night and sweet dream
& for more Videos!
Thank you Perfect conditions I do love this time of year xxx
Feeling myself
Thanks for the kind words about Jake, he's alright most of the time
get ready to trend
Rt 4
Welcomee hehehe favor can u cover the song sana bumalik by sud kahit yung chorus lang :< sure i will, aralin ko
Been for a ramble as well.
Sha! Praying for you God bless kaya run!
It's Martial FC what do you expect?
Bom domingo com short ou sem?
RT Happy Sunday All Thank you for joining our streams this week ~ You can check out our
That's not his song? That is 's song
Thank you !
Crafting video!
Photo holder
Hope you like it!
DM if you're interested!
International shipping
1 Like = 1
BBC 4 9PM Lessons in love and violence
Are no no,, most welcome u can join us...
You're very welcome have a great day stay blessed
glad I own both of these when I saw hunter themed amiibos I had to buy them
Fue genial encontrar de rebote a
Blinks LOVE Jennie
Can we have the Sferro EP on Spotify too? Just to prolong our journey
True friends will do that for you
The lesser sulphur crested and Citroen crested cockatoo, doodles from my parrots sketchbook These guys look a
Ahh brigado!
I should retweet this again
La
I'll just choose to be happy. Kahit ganito.
so exited to watch Stetson ride bulls today! been over a year
Caye trip here I come!
So incredibly happy
I know this
Leo in Mars, Virgo in Venus and I love all felines but tigers are my fav
Congratulations ORGCOMM
Thank you for allowing us to be home, again
Galing! Galing!
I'm always positive in almost every situation
Maintaining curiosity is a good thing for us. watch it fresh.
A very warm Happy Birthday to you sir
My Papa! My Papa!
Exact
E buon pomeriggio popolo di Twitter
me doing good ahi
thank u
And are paid to be there !otherwise no one would even show up
Back I London and a whole week in my own bed
Good morning and happy everyone
Talk to me
Take me back! This was 2 years ago and this concert was amazing !
going to see tonight at a drive in theater while chomping on a cheeseburger
you're welcome
Thank you!! He's such a good egg Yes, the wheels are the Excel Explorer wheels, really good for
Writing poems, short stories and some random feature articles. oh, I also do some movie and anime reviews if I have time
Everything will be okay *hugs
some people saw it funny until they experience it.
Think I'm gonna take the day off from streaming as friends are free, but will be back tomorrow for sure!
Happy thoughts
True friends will do that for you.
reply because i sent you one
I love you. You are part of the love of Jesus my Lord in my mind, heart and soul.
Where do we find the BEST prices on drop ceiling for our basement? Please and thank you.
If I go to Onyx tonight wearing all the tags
Happy birthday
This man delivered 3 EPL titles to Chelsea
Do The Math
Your vooooice
You can sing well
Goodmorning crush! Good evening
* fixed
Thats fine! Dont worry!
keep yourself motivated with a dose of success everyday Good...
Baby baby my baby babyy... Nee kedacha pothum en lifeh happy
You're too kind
Thank you so much
are at our Langholm community hub on Monday mornings from 9.30-10.30! Pop in and have a chat!
Seeeyouu guys tom sa perf yey!
No! too hot here, it needs to be in the 50-70s
, you have a point boss, but please understand that Its all jokes here, don't take it too literally.
Thank you Dianne Have a nice day.
Nyatanya nyegerinn
with her
Good morning Sunday
Mostly cloudy today
Have a great day everyone!
Not yet, but it's definitely on my to watch list
Really cant wait to see them again. I hope next year they will have new project together again
I remember the red too
Love is in thr air
Congratulations. about time! like to think I helped a bit.
Registration Complete! Now for tomorrow
wiiieee Thank you Fam! Nope I'm just sitting while watching GOT7
Pls follow her!! Her art is amazing!
Okay heee
thanks kuya for motivating me even tho layo kaayo ka pero naa ka mu comfort always hehe missyou na nuon
walang sembreak ang sakit but it has an end. our God is a Great Healer! pray for it, declare, and believe.
Youll always be perfect for me dany. Hayaan mo yang iba thank you
NAKAKAPROUD TALAGANG MAGING ISANG FAN NG NAG IISANG JULIE ANNE SAN JOSE. SOBRA SOBRANG NAKAKAPROUD I LOVE YOU
Looking forward to it!
Merci beaucoup!
Oh my god, I love monbebe so much! Huhu hope all the good things come to you~ yes I am
The squad
I usually dont let my dog sleep in my bed but he was too cute
Don't worry. I feel you
having it . Monday, thru Sunday,
you deserve to be HAPPY
Aw thank you so much, Blue! Those are some awesome memories.
Thank you for your help it is much appreciated
Thanks very much That was my favourite to play, hmm, I loved beach boys too, and the flip flop... aaagghh I liked em all
Love coincidences
. I DON'T THINK SO
Wala dn c Sato at Pau mga besh
You inspired me with your story
M.M
21, 2018
Thanks so much
Thank you! I plan to
Aww!! That's the best feeling! My oldest does that and it's cute. Makes you proud!
Ta poitrine superbe
Feel better soon guys
Thank you!
Community Day was a lot of fun, managed to get 14 shiny Beldum
Sunday
yes, me too! That would be a great job!
Aaawwww so sweet
ordered a dress about 2 weeks ago??? Just wondered when your delivery will stop being so shit
Still my girl, I'll get homeboy to pay for more of our ish next time
I love how my dogs are extra sweet and clingy. They know when I feel sad, how sweet
I wanna see it
Sundate with bunso
While enjoy naman si Kuya sa field trip niya
SM City Marilao
Uhmm well, I don't give a fuck.
Happy birthday, biaaaay! God bless you!
After 7 hour car ride made it to Taskonaklar hotel in cappadocia Hotel - Cappadocia
Good morning and happy everyone
The girls have got their Poppies! Hatfield, Hertfordshire, United Kingdom
6 Shiny Tanhel, Shiny Wablu, Shiny Traumato, Shiny Natu, Shiny Endivie und Shiny Liebiskus. Alle seit August gefunden.
I know but happy now
It is official and it is happening. Best wishes and congratulations
Give people who hate us a lot of money for us to sing in front of them and then go home
Black is Bae
greatmorning
it was perfect Ibrahim
Thanks man!
Wen mmy
a good source of health fats
If you are not willing to learn no one can help you. If you are determined to learn no one can stop you
Love seeing boys show off their girlfriends so sweet
it's actually a quote from "Julius Caesar" but have a blessed day too Teresa and you're welcome
Brilliant! Let's keep them coming!
And now I have an awesome collection and it's still growing
So yea, mybe that's just me
Grocery store grocery store
Feliz domingo compartan mi soy nv en la app twittear
extend the airtime more kapuso performer also.
Julie is great, as usual.
why not holding both imagine the plight when they start selling
It was an intimate outing po.
Thank you for coming to Chattanooga! It was awesome to hear your music live!
Michael learns to rock!
What a heartwarming & familiar smile you have that always bothers me - to be POSITIVE :)
If he want he can do third and fourth even
Hello dear bro
We are here to support you
Don't Worry Fans Always Supports You
Birthday is coming up and happy to say my circle is small! Even better to plan
Bom dia!
Waking up with my daughter, no better feeling
That's great.. Keep those positive energies going.
Thanks girl. trying really hard to be happy these days
Even more cause for celebration then
Great minds
I am now a certified & licensed security guard. Gonna be lookin for my new job soon
You are my life
Let's have some decaf then go downtown Lewisham
I always listen to NamJoonie oppa's speech as soon as I wake up I feel like all those things oppa
Warm wishes to our sis Mashadi Malika, Wesley Guild
May God bless you
C U WEN AY C U
I love Sunday mornings So warm & cozy
Iba pa rin paghigh school friendss
Remember me next time
Thank you! very kind
Three days until Ubud Writers & Readers Festival! Are you excited? Because I am! Also, I'm having trouble
, Thank you amico, Good late afternoon amico
It reminds me of the Wizard Of Oz
I am happy for you Anny Enjoy your free Day today I will do the same Love you Rest well
Very good thanks. Just doing a bit of doodling whilst waiting for my bath to run. How ya been yourself?
Usapang tattoo Emegheeeed
lovely to hear
It looks relaxing
All that you have to do is be true to you, that's all you ever need to know adala part favoritQ
Pretty pa din
Lovely to meet you Jane - so glad you liked the talk, and are enjoying the book!
I wanna go somewhere where I could spend a lot of time full of happy stuffs
I always had it continually recommended and I understand why really enjoyed them and just starting the third one
Good morning, Happy Sunday !!!
Bay Hill, Florida
She should do an album signing
what do you want us to post often??
As long as I can learn from you sir why not
Concert ni Rikardo
Haha! I would send one to Santa if I thought it would help.
And where is your monstercock....???
Seriously, this is the best sandwich ever had.
Hmmm. Don't think so bea
Sana lahat
Unsa ka time matulog? Few minutes from now? Wanakoy hulatan eh Good night in advance anon!
This helped SO much, thank you
The number one thing that I am chasing in my life right now is daily happiness..
chanyeol just dropped new music on soundcloud
Find your instinct sib. Take a rest baka stress lang u. Tc.
Nice. Thank you for the add.
If it comes back in stock again, me will buy it fur yoo
Thanks handmade locally
This energy
Happy Birthday, Haydz! I hope having a great time!
Happy birthday to me
just opened one
Read the latest
Thanks for the retweet
Thanks Ji
It came out yesterday, just watched it now!
I'v just got the away one, but luckily not warn it yet.
I speak for everybody but Canada downloading is illegal but streaming is not
Nice Sunday gym session and heavy squats done
Thank you Karen
Wow. Congratulations!!
Yep. got a song lyric tattoo! If what you want then why the hell not?
Sip keluar teaser baru anther me versi YY & KK
party
I saw your snap posts! THE COOLEST DAD EVER!!!!!!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOUR SON!!!!!!
Hello, baby girl!! Hahaha. hopefully nameet kita soon in person.
Me too, sweetie. One day, we will!
We need more people like you in this world!Much respect to the both of you
Kunwari HAPPY tayo
Finished the entire Harry Potter series in 2 days instead of studying. Nice.
I hope you get the chance to experience it! The level of goodness is all in the level of pastry crumbliness!
What a heartwarming & familiar smile you have that always bothers me - to be POSITIVE :)
Successfully taken
I saw your picture, such a beautiful view!
Ye lo sabke liye free t-shirt DM me
Yea you don't
Think it was Stage for Age Nick, Gretchen Franklin and Geoffrey Hughes were there too. You looked quite
It is
Kunteng kembot nalang
If you're not too busy...
Hands up too, for the results.
3v appudey ochindu ga
O'Reilly Auto Parts is looking for a Test Automation Developer at O'Reilly Auto Parts (allows remote)
Yang bener " Eri "
And free pizza during half time
Look at this Mike Hill...18 years ago?!!?! Wow!!!
I feel so relaxed tonight
Only if comes back
Oh well i guess i need to wake up early next week lets get it for pris
Just had pub lunch
i'm so happy to meet you too Ms. Ying
On a brighter note: apparently now includes in their prime-services and I am happy
Hey my babies
Hui
Thank you TEDxKampala 2018
Such an exhilarating experience !
Ophelia Photography
Rosie this is our new pup Rico
Thank you very much!
know what i mean later
lebih ngeship kiri apa kanan nih?
So what's the series called and is its name the same for all 3 seasons?
Oh, you're welcome! Keep it up Thanks, you too!
We saw someone post about it on Facebook and it seems such a lovely thing to do
Come let me take you to the orphanage. Come and put smile on the faces of children
Headed to the renaissance festival today and so excited! One of my favorite things to do in the fall
Sexy Asians are in the zone on Instagram
181021
Thank you
I would get beat to smithereens because she's a tear in my heart
Never weak! You are so much stronger than I ever will be for flying for starters
Ohhh my goodnessss!
Hey lovely have a beautiful Sunday
Ricky thank you for supporting animal welfare!!!! One of very few celebrities that care enough!!!
Hi kuya V
You're my stress reliver when I feel so down
Done watching i am too late it's nice to see u jimin oppa You can watch videos on V LIVE.
Excellent, thank you!
Waking up to no notifications
Thank you lab 2x ninyo duha.
I can have a peaceful Sunday because the falcons play until tomorrow
basta this november gora ako laguna.
My dad has to be the most content person I know.
Thank you
Easy to make that mistake, given all the black and white mosaics in Ostia.
Who spent the weekend at a patch?
look after yourselves.
is here!
celebrate hues,
So, here is a
Glad you're enjoying Photos to the fullest, Sam! Give us a shout if you ever have questions.
im so happy po mwehehe
You can also add orange peels!
Every DIYSOS makes me tearful at the end...humanity working
Pengertian,humoris,ceroboh
We are all sisters and brothers in Christ!
Walang bitawan 'to, DJ Eys! Hope to meet you po next
Definitely recommendable!! Cheap and legit!! Try nyo guys
Oo mahirap pero worth it
Fede?
Amin...i really need that.. Thanks seul
Buenos
You're right
if someone make you fell that way cause you toot baby dre
Nice! Singing birds make me smile.
21.10.2018 Great Project BD For KristPerawat
Happy lang
Thank you very much for liking our work hope my work schedule get too
excited nakos defense tomorrow feel nako ma answer nako ilang mga questions easily
Congratulations. God bless you both
Thank you
a pink glow to the sunrise today.
Thank you!! And back to you too! xx
Gugudan.
Whoo hoo!!!! Go Greywolves
Ohh... I'm so tempted...
Thank you for being my friend.
Not bad.. maybe higher one day!
Interesting thread
Did you? love to see!
no. matter. what. i do. all. i. think. about. is. you.
Nothing better than new sofas
Coco misses quenito
He's home safe and sound..
It's a squirrel. How can anyone be bored? Love it
Thanks
Muchas gracias
DD Sports watching INDIA Vs West Indies Live in Chandigarh
13. aAAAcCkkK!! someone with a good attitude, who cares and actually appreciates me a lot.
Only the Europe part. They still have Asia
That's possible
Hertha hat Tor eschiesst
Hey guys. Going to tonight. let you know if Roman shows up or not. Hoping he does, but if not, be okay
Omg. Yassss. I need to save this picture. this is so beautiful.
That's like telling me to stop huffing jenkem.
Binance gives free money with airdrops!
Click here:
$BTC $ETH $XRP $XLM $NEO
Thank you! I appreciate it
And thank you for the compliment!
I wish mine from that era still fit me
are going to the World Series!! Dodgers are going to the World Series! Who's getting me tickets?!?!
Loving that p19
Matthew 11:28
"Come to me, all you who are weary and burdened, and I will give you rest."
Napapagod pero Kinakaya
Love you always
Sous le charme de chez sur (15h-16h)
Special thanks to our gospel friends in kabalanur, Nagaland. CJ likes it!
getting his funk on. Thanks
Thank you
You have a great day too, hopefully with coffee not forgotten in the car
Cya and enjoy your Mon-Tue weekend
Lol, thank you
Kitap nefes
See you there !! Safe travels
Oh and also their vlives
Lovely
Not long now
>Family
>Friends
>My Bhaiya
use reusable bags all the time to cut down on use of plastic ones. got a nice Harry Potter one that I use everyday
If You mind, follow me back yak Mas
It was fun until it lasted ok back sa pagiging malungkot.
Time to listen to my 3am playlist
*sorry for the typo errors*
Lovely pictures
I know in different countries, but the autumn sunshine today is just the
Mantap Rivaldo hattrick
Me at earlier.
Hold down on the video and then hit tweet video. Then you can put your own comment with it and then tweet it out
So we gonna get along
I can def do that Unf. Though taken
Hard to get that message I guess.
See you there Lynsey! Safe travels!
Yayyy.
Hatrick TODD
Thank you
Hi! Please always stay happy! Awe thank you! Sana ikaw din
I love autumn
I hope you are all enjoying it
Sans toi toujours
I love you self always remember that
10, 28,and 46
It's when you realise the liver is still absorbing moisture from you that the shine goes off.
hello! no link in the bio. Please send your website information.
I very much doubt I have the power to keep a story alive
Loved ur chemistry with In so adorable...remembred your movie with him...ishqzade
You need a new ID pic. Time to shine
Update
Payment will be made till tmr
I was cute yesterday
Acredita
Ohhh okay thanks
Glad things turned out great at the end of everything. glad you found your people!
A pic which I accepted as my profile pic(@IncredibleShre1)..very cute for all updates
Brand New Offer!!
Our Sponsors are Giving You a FREE bet up to
Simply
Limited time only!
181012
Yes, mag one month old na siya in a few days.
Opps
Still haven't bumped into you yet! Hope to see you soon.
Hello Thank you
The age group is preschool. So gloss sounds like going to be my best bet. Thank you for your input!
Come with u r support brother
yiee
Opo opo Thank youuu president Yung ano ha? Secret lang
I don't regret voting for cat hybrid ong and oh! This reminds me of seokdae's fanart where ongcat refused to
Naa shay laing gi love, so let them be
Hi Selena
I'd like to chat with you
Oh thank you gamification is always helpful especially when trying to learn new stuffs
Henlo!
Sure. I'll wait for your DM.
Drop your user. Incase i open one
:) wait
Mes petits choux sont
thankyouu
Good Morning MrsBBell
Fanmade poster
semma brother!!
' i find peace in the rain'
Sold Today. Thank you Mam and Sir.
Welcome Back Hope You Can Relax
Start a blog! Don't let mainstream publication methods prevent your work from being shared with the community.
Watching Ugly
Thanks for the follow!
Oh I never said it me haha
Your energy is good.
sunday afternoons were made for
Work for it and u goan get it bro
Here I Brings You
Unknown Facts
1. Our Chief Taking Nearly 5000+ Pics With Fans In Just 24HRS
(1/n)
a scallop, and starfish are actually called seastars
Got it had to check my playlist I remember now (lil baby just my heavy rotation)
Beautiful thanks
Such important for Im glad its FINALLY out! Im sure many of my colleagues would agree
[WTS] 2 PINK tickets Left side, QN under 60. Minat DM
One of the many spectacular creatures of the rainforest..
The Dongdaeun Plaza was a very unique place to go to and visit in Seoul. Worth a drop by if you come here
Thank you,
Thanks for the follow!
doing it on fiverr if youre interested
Thank you!
thank you..
I can't get enough of kaonashi
I love you
I made my first three cranes now I just need to make another 997 lol
watch fancam for goodvibes
He was always trailing behind Joon the whole time baby
I am in shock. But happy
Wake & Bake again
I'm ok, just a rough day.
How are you?
10, 14, 28 and 46
Ah, alright, I gotchu, don't worry. Completely agree.
Buglasan 2018 with my babes
SUPER!!. DJT 2020#MAGA
God bless God bless POTUS DJT!!
+2
Fiabesco
All I know is... My happily ever after is soon. Don't ask me how I know.
got a real life Fozzie Bear
Learning loads about style fashion and beauty.Happy Happy!
thoughts abt warren almeida gwapo yon sobra hehe and always nanjan if u need him
Sorry it's 11pm KST
get ready to trend
Rt 4
Goodmorning, may everyone have a bless day & forget to thank GOD for allowing you to see another beautiful day
Yes! That totally makes sense and I did need to see it again! Thanks for taking the time to video it!
God bless you Siwi
Perhatian, mature, good listener
Wala may perpekto diris earth
Thank you!
Yes, next time ...
Manz leave me alone if he tried
Thank you
It sure is!
Shyd aajaye
I think through fema lemme see if i can find a link or something
Pagod pero worth it
Thank you
HALLO TWITTER HALLO ARMIES CAN YOU BE MA MUTUALS?
Sitang.
73? a spring chicken!
Bago ako matulog, congrats to for best supporting actress. Proud na proud ako sayo
okay thank you!
Some people really do make me laugh, what a pack of shitty wankers what goes around comes around anol that
Jgh
i hope the recent happenings encourage fic writers to write about them thanks again
Those are included in
God bless you
I have a diploma in mass communication and am currently pursuing a degree in logistics and supply chain management
certainly it is
Thank you Amr!
I mean it in a very violent,non sexual way
Do we need to reply on what signed album do we want? no you don't need to I think some carats just started
You can watch it here
Thank you great day
but you maybe old to fulfill it
Bs is se bacho to kam acha chle ga
I need to get outta my bed && get dressed for work I really be missing my H&M people excited to go to work
Because it does
Thank you Brana for watching and sharing my adventure scope fun to go aboard balloon but also I was bit scared too
Healthy!
I hope whatever poison these decaying mice emit will kill us all
Soon ish!
I'm being serious but I put it into meme form so there's not much pressure
Wow
lol they been fully grown just learned when to tuck em
I've already preordered the Limited Fan Edition and I'm gonna preordered this version too! All the support!
After 84 years the only ship that cares
Gracias mi emisora favorita
THANK YOU!
Naa naman diay. Dont be shy to let the world know. Stand tall and proud
be a baby, just because you think of this brilliant legal first, Alison.
Patriots and Bears game today
I will !just really know what happened
Purple u
He's here
Thank you Tereza. Happy
Nahhhh you just started
I am one of them I stan EXO X iKON
a London Lion
Yes. Trinoma/SM North only
be sure to visit this year...hubby loves a bit of cheese
I thank God that I got through my first work week at WAFF successfully
How did you do that what website did you use sorry I love it
I never thought Not saying you cant point it out, I have just got used to things like this.
Sen lunch i
I checked and it was February 3rd 2018, to be exact! That night, I just sucked all info in that I could and watched BTS the entire night!
I know a bunch of people in my city naming their son Lincoln too. I think because of from teen mom
I really appreciate the help. Spreading the word is far more important than people realise
Thank you very much, Ethan.
Baka naman may new twitterserye ka dyan
Dear my ex, thx for being nice to me and break my heart too at the same time 2 years ago
Charlotte is one of my favorite places to visit!!! It looks like you had a fantastic time.
going to be so happy to see these two together AGAIN when The Clone Wars come back.
Not a bad jawline
Really like the fire
Thanks hun!
Me too, happy to share thoughts
Das freut mich
i was busy thinkin''bout boys
No idea, but definitely higher than the % of WNBA players regardless of the %,
A simple thank you will do
Muchas gracias!!!
Feel free to steal!
So heartwarming Thank you for sharing this
Starting new things without him.
You always make me feel better.
Og cooking for me today
and to be happy
Thanks so much for the shoutout Evi
Ahhhh dont be sad, you'll probably be collecting more than I have in the future..
Thanks friends
Love yourself.
Two weeks til my bday
I love a fireplace. So cozy.
Tak ingt tapi klau tgk watson rm24
Current $IOTA price: $0.50
Binance registration is ONLINE! We JUST checked!
Yes!! Can't wait to find out what it is, your Hallowe'en makeup tutorials are always so good
[HELP RT][SG GO]
I'm in love
Photo blanket by
Dateline: 23/10
Please dm me for any enquiries
This makes me happy
Hey I messaged you on Instagram can you please get back with me thank you
I'm not saying I WANT Luke Hemmings to follow me... but he should totally follow me js
Continued Blessings !
Me!!!
And you are an uncle
Fellow here. My birthday is on November 4th!
Jfc what a community day this was... Easily the best one so far
I have a couple of bushcraft knifes but no machete, one day I might get one
Turned out to be one of the best times yet
Just helping out sis. Bless
Aww yay I hope doing well today
rafaa hope you have a nice day aah thank you kindly friend ;v; hope you do too!!
It is a classical music piece by DeBussy titled, "Claire De Lune".
thanks! what did you use now?
*of
When you see that THOUUU-WOW check creep in, in my account
That's great to hear, J. Did you find everything you needed?
Yass . It was meant to be
step 1! hehe
Can't wait for a girls day out with this crazy lady in a couple of weeks
a mini wire haired dachshund x standard smooth dachshund
You'll be alright las las
Sounds painful thank you Kees
Looking for a Sunday read? Why not check out my blog and let me know what you think
Hi arabella, I am his girlfriend
Good morning guys!
How many cups of coffee have you had to kick off this Monday morning?
You won't be disappointed
sana you'll find the right girl who will love you unconditionally, sana happy ka lang always.
Welcome to TFL
so I said ok I'll give this Aviation gin a taste. I did. Come to Ireland and I'll give you gin
correct! Good call. Thank you
Love it!
Ay bakit? Hahaha It's the least I can do kase para sa mga friends kong lumalavarn sa life.
Bringing me a tre
Wait, they have rallies?
If I share my problems to you, be blessed coz you're special to me
Come see me for some revision activities
Good morning
, Thank you amico, Good late afternoon amico
Gotta smile through it even though you hate it.
We understand you Arnie Glad that you had an amazing
wait
thank you!
I had icecream after church today
Thank you for today!
This is going down a treat
Sana mas makilala pa kita
I enjoyed the small talks with you, you inspires me a lot. Thanks for the treat. Ako naman next time
Yes po. God bless bud
get ready to trend
Rt 4
So worry about me its gonna be okay
House Hunting? Or selling? a Beautiful fall day for both
gonna finish my coffee, give me a call
Good Morning gracias a Dios y Universo un dia mas para Sonreir FE Armonia Paz pasala..
GHOE training last night . I think well prepared
Good evening happy Sunday in kitchen
Just feels so damn good to NOT run the AC in the car for once, y'know?
next to on City Walls Road in ACTION.
Good morning
Thank you Ate . God bless din sa NMAT. Support here, always.
Frank, good-humored, unique description of dog ownership (woman owns dog, dog owns woman)
dedicating to sleeping in and taking a break from sunrise and reminder. I feel refreshed
Thank you pau the best!
Resources are stretched so they have to prioritise
i was busy thinkin' 'bout boys
Hope you like it. Till next time~
Next weeks schedule is here! Have a nice Sunday and a good start into next week
omg I stan EXO too pero medyo lowkey lang
...... Troo luff innit
Ello.
Thanks for all that you do in keeping our communities safe Pappy. Have a wonderful day and please be safe out there.
Hey I lost 10 more pounds
gonna be you one day
vainy!
Thank you for showing me I deserve someone much better than u do
Just cos Sunday
DHA,CLIFTON,MALIR CANTT,ASKARI PARK,FOUJI MEAT HOUSE S.I.T.E KARACHI,ASKARI PARK (1 INNOCENT GIRL DIED IN TRAGIDY)
A most perfect day
Un 21 octobre sur la ! Bon dimanche
Dope digital painting for another cool customer
Dm us if you also want one
Maria Miri Domark is quite the mid-week treat (26 Photos)
Notice your worth ; Happy Sunday
I have been off social media the last few weeks because life has been happening and just been soaking it up
Rr mine
Good evening happy Sunday in kitchen
Evidentially given we come close since!
sino po nanalo sa mml? college yun eh pero 1st runner up ay both Senior high!!!
Suamiku yang fotoin
only if you stitch me up afterwards
buy me new shirts nalang tita, thank you in advance
i love both of u!! You spread positivity to people and make people happy Masya allah
Have a nice day Gwen fighting!!!
Amazing pic my dear Gautam Enjoy your job Have a wonderful day with your family Love from
Good afternoon Yvonne I hope you're enjoying your Sunday xx
Goodnight everyone! Sweet dreams
I WILL SAVE YOU !!!!
Have a
Thank you
I am really pleased to hear that Keep fighting x
You cant stop the feelings u have for someone
Hello Ipsita
Got ur notification. U r not shadow banned
Good evening happy Sunday in kitchen
Salamat Marie
YusufSamet
Get Ready
On The way !!
This Time Anna Back With Full Form With Old From
Planning to go to my hometown this sembreak with z
My middle name is tito
So I decided to open my twitter after so long. Hi
welcome! Thanks for coming along and helping to make Grangetown a nicer place to live
We moved a new fairy family into the garden today
Oh how I love the smell of rain
You also need stardust to trade with other players
Oh baby, tuned like a double bass.
Meine Krenek
Good evening happy Sunday in kitchen
WTS
- Album only (The War Reg B) 150k
- Official poster power + free tube 40k
Bisa shopee + free ongkir
Help
Hi if you think you can, you will
Maturity
so happy for Queen, so crazy how done a 360 and she deserves to be happy I love love
you're welcome.
Thank you, Erica
, merci
Sana nga hihihihihix thankyou!
Hill-fix. Food for the soul.
One play I gotta do shit for the rest of the day
Lights on or Lights off? Takot ako sa dilim kaya lights on
I would love love looooove to visit Batanes someday
Let's be mutual then. You can DM me tho
Happy to know where I went wrong?
Do share
seviyorum sizi
I give up
Yes!
Good evening happy Sunday in kitchen
One of the best feeling in this world is to have friends who do not treat you as a competition.
When it comes
Konum yine buralar
my life isn't perfect, but i'm thankful for everything i have
Fantastic scooter Lori -
We it
get ready to trend
Rt 4
worry this has happened before, but I appreciate the support find that hat in time tho :/
Great Deals for a Great Cause.
ORDER HERE:
Perfect for your family members
As long as i have my friend and family i can happy and i will never sad and down done for now i will back after final wish me luck
Un 21 octobre sur ! Bon dimanche
Brilliant once again AgentR thank you enjoy the rest of Sunday, take care
! Our yet to give onemore sodakku for us
Lyricist -
Aha! not Thanks again, appreciate! The is very close to my heart
Ur welcome
You're welcome Itua
Stop crying, you did well
Tell my boss that one
You should come down to South Africa
Thank you my lovelies. Anything with diamonds and maybe a ruby or two would be pawfect.
(ming-gah-lah-bahr)
Umm .. seem he could speak well Burmese. Ok , now Saint is allowed to go to
Batang Zarris reunited
Very nice. You had better not chew them Roxy
Lovely smile beautiful one
sana happy ka always and always spread the positive vibes po
What time po dito sa atin ang coronation night? May livestream po? Thank you.
hehe youre welcome dwayne my friend.glad you appreciate it
aku self promote bolehkah?
Good evening happy Sunday Navel
good morning.
Oooops! Lion King too
Jodoh pasti bertemu.
yieee it's okayyy welcome dzaee imissyou na :(( mwa!
I really hope you do!
Finally made an organized thread LOL
Happy Birthday
Oh now you just gotta come watch the game today since I miss you
Thank you
Just got off work
Good evening happy Sunday Navel
Some of my recent TikTok Videos Compilation Do follow me on tiktok
Tiktok Kathmandu
thanks for your response. PS I see that you are a fellow Bostonian. wicked pissah!
~Shock ~I like you the best
~Breath ~Mystery
~Fiction ~Beautiful Night
~12:30 ~Midnight etc
===B2ST===
I got Rivers and Tyrell Williams
Follow the link if got Instagram. When Brooke comes out be chuffed if reached 10k
Hey there Olivia!(@MusicalOlivia)
- 14
- lane
a happy kid who loves people
-8/4/18
I had lots of fun along the way
Gracias.
Happy Birthday
debut
[10.21.2018.]
Lol Pele dear. Apply aboniki
Will you go out with me? If you mean romantically, I'm currently into someone, so Id have to decline
But if
Good evening happy Sunday Navel
Always a pleasure hun
Getting ready to go out
Hey fam!Check this BTS fan fiction I wrote. Love lots! Hope you like it! "You and I" on
Thank you! We looked a little red and sweaty at the end!
Suamiku yang fotoin
Hello
officially homecoming week . Sydni is in full action
Everything gonna be okay after this
I reckon he does having managed him before
and magic of christmas time
One play
Wow I feel better just looking at that I think! Thank you
nice write up, thanks for sharing!
You can ask me anything over here:
Luv Benny Hill! Thanks for the smile
Gorgeous
Extended family photo with my mom and dad, too. Thanks Uncle for treating us out to eat!
Lovely xx
Aked ana
She had me hypnotized before the cradle even started moving... (Video)
Did some great search- & rescuework with the boys today Now time to relax
Please let us hear by Lay Zhang
Thanks
Goodluck sa exam , i love always uy! Goodluck din, thank
mamamoo bias is moonbyul (tbh im more of an ot4 bitc now lmao)
feed the mind a little NHC Langata Court
Ya
And to you too ate
Well Good Morning Fall I have been waiting on you Southside, Alabama
Thank you so very much!! I love you and always seeing your beautiful, smiling face at school I hope you are
What a machine. What an entrance!
Sunday with rest
spread the word
Secret Santa
Size 38
Pls and Thank you
How was your day going?
that's good to hear! did you have a meal with you drink?
Thank you for this feedback, we will pass this along
Amen, Remi. Thank you very much.
Hey Niall, to unlock a phone from our network, you just need to fill out our online form: Alex
Reita is actually in common dialect used by construction workers..
..Be patient..Trust the process..Bear the pain..Just persevere more..Have more faith in Him..
today's episode of self care Sunday
Thanks for the adipomug
Wow..thank you rodge. we will..dva ate ? FINGHTING
Oh and give you one guess what card I got from Spain.
Aha! I see you finally got your phone back
Netaji must be a happy man in heaven today Welldone Modiji and all those who fought for Subhas
Recorded Mixed & Mastered by &
cute
Team pantry/pastry
You're welcome
Preparing myself for the second sem .
Dress and behave like a Girl. You'll Love it!
Very Good Morning.
Have a great day.
Lovely
Lovely
Makeup free day
Adorable
Wherever they feeling comfortable with taking pics,. It's just me who can't deal with them..
Don't you find it funny both millwall and westham fans both support rangers
yuzu is so beautiful
Anderlecht tamam sira sende feyonord
Hit me up
thank you
Mom of three Aussie pups agrees your pup (Sensa?) needs a friend
Cheered me up
Me doing the old Wembley tour getting my hands on the FA Cup back in 2000
They seem to be getting along, have a good shift Dan
Thank you very much greetings my friend
Really? So at least not the only one
The master at work
I have a few ideas.
Bonitinho Brgd
You can watch videos on V LIVE.
Let me just go kuInstagram and exhaust it so that i can sleep in peace
at home
Indeed
I see you and your bracelet babe
Thanks so much.
Thank you - it was a stunning afternoon
Hello Carys good to see you
How long was the running time of the concert?
, Thank you amico
after getting mad & said bad things to other people
Good evening miss Jichu. Daisy is back - Daisy
See you again Thank you so much to all I hope you guys like it and also Thank you so much for the love
I'm doing pretty good! Just driving home from MN today really~ and studying what about you???
As long as you dont mutate into Rangila nathan...things are fine
Virtual Labs and So Much MORE!
Thanks so much for the advice Dean!
Oh hell yeah!
Thank you
And her 3rd episode please like and share
you polished off that country nice job! did you get to try some too?
I'm feeling lonely and inlove with these songs
What a mesmerising smile. Thanks kind Ilse. Hope you are having a great day. Much to you
IELTS tips friendssss please
Such a cookie
This is life
Consider running for President
3 seems to be very popular
this is very sweet, thank you
Olala
Have a Blessed Sunday!!! Rejoice and be glad!!! tengas un Bendecido Domingo!!! y
Checking your thinking
Plus mostly he sings while dancing
1 week nalng and I'll taste freedom and 8 hours of sleep
not feeling well.
Thank you for sharing
Off to Utrecht today to see new student accommodation / or 'digs' as my mum would say
Katie are you anywhere near Camden. ?
I totally agree and that is including Germany
I will
Love it James brilliant
had so much fun today!!! thank you for all the love to all those who received the banners/bookmarks, hope you
in V.I.P.
The photo was made 25.08.2018
by Mila Dream
Thank you
I purchased the vinyl sticker from Etsy
Mum look I found you
Day 4 The workplace
Yeah, I'm fine
How long was the running time of the concert?
Merci
Just helping normally I'd put the according gif too
Hello, I would like to ask when will be the voting again of fanart? Thank you
Thank you
Enjoy your afternoon Chris xx
prove them wrong brick by brick, and build yourself back up.
Lucky Fan Took a Selfie With
Good morning Alysa
Good morning Alessandra
I do not know...
But I wanted to win a gift
You make me proud! Love this so much
Thank you
thank you i appreciate it
I got mine at Christmas and I love them, bought a colourful case so I don't lose them too
Certainly is, like summer it
Hodor is DJ
super bet highschool hair
hi thankyou for making me feel unimportant
Playlist
Thank you rin po Ms Jing excited na akong gamitin yun ADN Christmas wrapper
Played out beautifully
Le retour des Google Glass alors
a leave out but still great
Thank you! honored. I talk food a lot and happy to share the little I know
thank you for recommending this, i'm definitely gonna watch this once our vacation starts
Happy Birthday, Idol! God bless & ball soon hehe
And I'm sticking to my dark chocolate Kit Kats, much nicer
Hey, check your DM
Good morning apparently, feeling better than the couple of days of having a sore throat. I probably think a 24 hour thing ^^
Happiest birthday mai!! just continue to be your amazing self Godbless
Jazak Allah for liking and retweeting all my posted stuff
I have so many books left unread.
I guess it's a sign for good days ahead.
Thankss!
is my first
Hi din Amishuuuu so much!!! Hope to see you soon!!! Salamat sa VG lodi hahahahaha
Thank you
Trying my best. I like chatting to people so not a chore
so grateful Katie thank you. Phil had one job..... He was so embarrassed
I can't make Friday service cause transport but def on sunday
Hi hehehehz -fc
Yes it is! I love her!!!
Morning
Got about 5 hours
Ceppi kcill
Yes pls
Thank you kindly for your nice words! It made me happy that you enjoyed my modest creations
cant wait for margot robbie a24 nba biopic
High Socks Make Girls Look Cute In A Sexy Way
i love sleeping because dream are better than reality
Very sexy.
Bye UAE.. See you pinas. Dubai International Airport Terminal 1
A rather warm but ever well supported Great South done for another year. Rather pleased with 79 minutes Thank
Heeban?
VBS is a Government bank?
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Good morning guys!
How many cups of coffee have you had to kick off this Monday morning?
Aw thanks Fianna!
Up in time for church
all or nothing
Thank u so much Catalina
The audacity
bonito Luis
Good morning
Yes, I got good hugs
Good Morning everyone,
I do hope the weekend has been treating everybody well
just getting everything set up for the stream today
Thank you Jessica script is raising awareness on so many levels with Very
A fuss over butterfly oh tae
"Miracle clay mask"
Just DM me for orders and inquiries.
LIMITED STOCKS ONLY
Chill
Thank you
Before going to sleep and at the gym
Maybe you can take the battery out and try again
I believe in you. Uy wow buti ka pa
my handwriting is so ugly, even uglier in Spanish. help, por favor
After Unli Buffalo wings.. Hiking naman next weekend haha
I think i found my travel buddy
might be of interest
Yes I did, it was so so good both are feel good music
I've been supporting and bought a few skins
Hoy me levante con ganas de ir a Disney Land
Their chemistry was amazing btw. I think I will continue it asap
okay , I got my own boo to love on
My self. Omg!
But....
ok cz I love my self!
Someone people forget ur value to their lives if their angry.
3 episodes left. Almost there to say goodbye.
Hehe have a lovely Sunday Emma
A man can only be kept if he wants to be kept
Nice shot
Everything happens for a reason love
welcome keep it up girl! waiting on the restock so i can support lol
I'm happy if you're happy
Is it read like that?
That's so interesting, thanks for sharing!
Ah the mighty Hull lol my father in laws a Hull fan
thank you kase kahit never met u personally, i still think of u as a cool na person.
If an egg is broken by outside force, life ends. If broken by inside force, life begins. Great things always begin from the inside.
Yes I'm keeping patience from 10 Oct sir
Ahh thank you so much yours does too! I'm so excited for you to finish!
Thank you
Thank you so much Catalin!
Congrats to you both! Has it been that long?
My heart is more important than anything. I will fix it by myself, dont worry.
just out of nowhere..
me: am i pretty?
mama: YES
me: okay, thanks!
sometimes you just need to hear the word "YES"
Goodnight!
Chill po ako Hehe d lng ako makapaniwala na ma nonotice nyo ako
Nature play
I already do my best. Its enough for me.
Good morning
It seems like a fair deal. Leave voters must be happy
the only thing that makes this ok!
Yeah for sure! down the drag night too?
What are yalls IG handles?
Glad to hear it, Mandy ^CW
Global goal?
Thankyou so much
Cuddle lang po para sweet and gentle lang at first tapos lets see what will happen after.
Absolutely
25th Anniversary Ball
Lovely picture of you both true friends
Congrats
Stay happy dear
Wat if i know ur man too?
Thanks for sharing
Have a kitkat HEHEHE thank you ryryyyy
Team pantry/pastry
Hey, Meka. We sure hope you had a great visit to our store.
God bless your heart , bless
no, I was talking about Coldrain
you care about your fans so you deserve the time and attention of the whole UP community kudos and keep the
Who doesn't love snuggling up in a pair of comfy PJs and warm slippers in winter?
Yep! Not a British one though... the link tells you more.
He totally misses grinning like crazy just for being alive and he is happy because he can do it again now
Tomorrow is the day!
Ur welcome
13ReasonsWhy
Stranger Things
Riverdale
ctto
Thanks for spreading the love !!
Cuddling beauty and loving
I don't have curious cat but you can ask me any time
Gonna book tickets for the new Halloween movie this Tuesday! Treating my folks for a change so excited!
Going to brunch this morning. One of my favorite Sunday activities
And why single cuz too honest.
Dear Lord,
If not for anything, but for the sake of my mom and dad, make me successful,
I owe them a lot
biraz hava
Got those imperfections eliminated out of the frame..
Ah okay, not your fault, I think I actually got used to it and got used to blocking them too
thanks for following
Yes finally. I need to upload my ebook on kindle for sale.
Did you want to explain something? Can you just do that and see where is it gonna g t us.
Just a reminder. Those who hasn't voted yet, please do lend us a vote above! Kitkat is waiting for the poll! - Daisy
5.2 MILLION hearts for anna still continues...
thank you
I feel blessed to have friends who I can share little things about my day, talk with about life and share laughs with
Thanks! Until when can we pre-order?
Can I help you?
Thank you!
Yes ate, I felt that way. Somehow, I wish that one day I'm gone.
Sorry
Awww that's so cool we are garib
Will u be my date? Hey there,,, marupok ako wag... Just kidding! Ask someone personally and sincerely
Happy Birthday to you. Happy Birthday dear Nicolas. Happy Birthday to you.
i hope i can! tysm again
everything's gonna be okayyy!!!!
Ahh thanks for the tag! Frome is a very lovely part of the country
HAHAHAHAHHAHA BETUL JUGA TU OK LAH I BAYAR ASAP
Happy Birhday yaa
Semoga semua keinginan dan impian tercapai
Wish you all the best
But you're so tall!!!
Fabulous spot! Happy half term hols to you ... and the skylarks!
thank you Kevin
Ganyan po talaga! Basta mahal mo ipaglaban mo.. There's always a rainbow after the rain hehehe
Look at you two go !!! Well done
Grazie JosephBenvenuto
Good luck, Pierre! Have a great race
Love this scene
Leela, one of my favorite companions!
Silicon Valley? ours is an original graphic designed by our UX designer and our
Family beauty all down the line
My favourite video in the whole world... so beautiful
A very lovely photograph for you to cherish. I hope you are enjoying your trip
21.10.18 Seyong Twitter
.
Thank tou very much for the first place
Injun is also delighted.
.
AnYa
A little game of Mogwai peek-a-boo
Aww mine too thank you
Wow... Tq Anna ...
Already expect this Dead combo
for d reason
Nope. I research. Pretty much have my shit together. Thanks
say still smiling with pride Joy
bother
They are all total must-reads!
Just dropped by to say hi Hewwo chingu :))
Medium, France
Well, that's great you've tried. Please go back up there during Disney Illuminations.
You guys were awesome today! So glad I got to see you all perform in person
Nice meeting you at Last! Hehe! Congrats kanina!
Hey this particular helping of Ruffalo is for you
The void is way too quiet without you too.
Nine days to go
Visit their booths this October 25-26, 2018!
I guess it was an internal move from one sister concern to the other
Tysm
Happy Sunday! Bentley wanted to style his hair like a stegosaurus today. God, I totally love his imagination.
First vlog in 10 months??? Why not? If you like chatty vlogs, this one is for you!
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness if you it Thanks
Really appreciate that Bruce. Thank you.
CNGRATS MKIE
This makes me happy
Awww! Zoey... THANK YOU.
My arabic is coming along. I wanna learn some new stuff.
181012
As with any business, do not confuse and income
I'm from PA, I'm a large
Protect her smile.
Ty ty
Pixi glow tonic, sk-ii facial treatment essence, lanjut estee lauder advanced night repair. Semoga berhasil
Thanks in advance, but it's the 27th
See you tommorrow second semester . pls be good to me .
We did it .
Can't see which pic cos internet is being a tit but thanks
catch me if you can
So thanks
We will see about that... check your DM
For questions like this one, yes.
Proofs of followers for today October21
DM me if you want to avail active followers for affordable price (open
It's okay. I work full time! Just happy to make other ARMYs happy Good luck
little beggars everywhere
Prh lo bahut scope hai
Thank you
on a hair growth and weight loss journey. see how this goes.
I care about my existence
Thank YOU for all the support
The office
Auditorio Internacional de Torrevieja
Missing those days when I used to wait for Sunday morning to watch He-Man. I even had all the action figures .
I just remembered you saying you were hoping for blue & I say you have a great chance hahah but no
Goodluck red
de la retejo je KEA
Will be releasing fan support designs for BTS soon. Please follow for updates !
Not bad my physics sir is fun
This gets me helllla happy
Watching your lover during boob sucking is so therapeutic
Di naman impossible
Have you had it? a fermented drink full of health benefits. Some brands are tasty and some
Pls like and share!!! Spread awareness and preparedness about disaster. Thanks!!!
Not the happiest of all people but at least I did it my way and for this I am content
It's such a Blessed Day.
Oh Salamat po Ama
Nine days to go..
Dahil birthmonth. Maraming salamat and
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness if you it Thanks
I'm from PA, I'm a large
If I give them, how will they take?
Good morning!
Thankyou Ter
Welcome back
I couldn't help but take screenshots of him. He's beautiful and that look on his face is priceless
Happy birthday shawty ! hope you enjoy your day. Wish you many more blessings from here!
Not yet on my list!
looking forward to your new range coming out tomorrow off to get the PJs and socks as a Xmas present
Show me that you want me and I'm all yours
HAHAHAHAHAHAhAHAA HAHAYS HAHAHAHA
Hi,
Elvis
Thank,you so much
A wonderful,day
I'm sure he'll love it! Enjoy the show, cherry
I've never been told to fuck off in a better way
I hope somebody sends you one.
Second pint of Theakstons on the table and chips ordered ... I've earned it
John hello! Great to see you on Twitter - connect up again
Frage
Hello tiredaf,aphro,chuu is same acc,she/he change the name
awwwe bb qt
Thank you for sharing
wait di ako sure pero sige what time ba hahaha chos see you!!
de canli kombine
Hello to all my new mutual friends.
Well I just had a picnic with some of them here, very nice too
Interesting didn't know any of these but... Much appreciation for all the good they do.
Keep it up Exo
Retweeting thank you
Mmmmmmh
All is well.
Good morning
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness if you it Thanks
I love smol tiddies
Thanks you so much
That's true
Just letting you all know that when I do end up posting a new video, it'll still fall on my Wednesday schedule
I have 40GB/4G per month bardo ana lakn dayr router bs akhot feho share7a!
Bon dimanche !
Back in Egypt
just
Better yet, back to Family & Back to CCF to share with them in just
i'm happy that you're happy told u i made the right choice.
Kon c bat
Something a little different.. one of my recent illustrations day job meets night job!
congrats poo sa win ninyo hehehe!! sukrannn
good food
Which vet are you working at?
millennials
matter now !
Sharing my character before. Good evening.
Enjoy
Done. Follback yaa
Good luck semuaa
ah sure, I mean, death threats? it happens everywhere, why would u care abt that
It did I got an award for the best overall paper and will be presenting at the National AIDS Council next month.
Just saying what I see Tracy
back asf tho .
si mudra naman todo awat hahahaha, pero teka nay, we'll protect our rights, pero syempre classy
Thank you this brought light to my day
Hi! A follow back would be lovely.
WAFU
Alone make you strong right
Sige po next time pag kerry na ulit ng sched ko
How could I not? Every1 from the fandom spoken to is so lovely
Cool photo
That, and soup and freshly harvested produce.
pero I'll hype exo whenever I can too they will always be my first love mas ult ko lang iKON pero
count on it
Sunday Chillin'
Yasss!! Slept great Kitty!! Hope you had a good rest also!
Wouldn't with me
It looks relaxing
Thanks
Semangat Lucasss!!
Other answers are better than this, but still fun.
Lfb all
Oreo cookies and a glass of milk before bed
There are
Thank you
I would... If I could play it.
I'm waiting for the patch
I have confidence; You all will get it fixed really soon
In life we always have choices... The choices we make sometimes define our priorities and most of the time reflect who we are
Good Ladies Let me be your AVON Lady
based in Soweto I do Deliveries as well Order today and get your
sticking to where happy to let me.
Behind every good man is a woman
I preached. The sky did not fall. People said very nice things. Thanks tweeps who prayed for me.
Body has acclimatized to air conditioning.
Room temperature has become too hot for you
Great show even with those technical issues and finishing with the great
Buen domingo de lectura
Great pictures of Owen and Dylan with their cousin Lily
"RAWR" Is the winner.
I shall wear my cosplay under my dino costume. Thanks everyone for voting
Ok. Need to get up and start getting ready for last day of the friends of the library sale
Hello New Friend Welcome to My World
USA & Medium
Thank you very much
Stay strong too fam
No one agrees
Angry much?
Be kind to them please
Globally battered to dust dey have lost their senses n control
This might help!
I know super late nako pero chuya jud sa greteast showman
Kami tanan fam dri cge ra woooww
thank you for following back
The song is Bboom Bboom by Momoland. A Kpop group
Aapke bhi badhenge don't worry
I've just sent you a DM regarding this Rachel. Please get back to me with the details i've requested Farai
Well do anything to help
I'm here. Battery died for a minute
Watford, what a Shithole, don't make me laugh!
time to get to know me one like, 3 answers (since everyone's doing it thought I might jump on too)
You are welcome dear..
I just cheated on my barber ... I feel so good
mara I'm still waiting for my airtime
Yess, inform them. Thank you.
Enumivo is the New for sure has all characteristics of the best project of 2018
I wish KitKat came gluten free
I feel like I have a deep voice so always scared to hear my voice on recordings, this is very comforting, thank you
89% IV con 15 de ataque.
Thank you sweetheart
thank you
Hey guys pls vote.. we are now but we are so close to reach so help us to reach as high as we can.. thanks
Wooops , but whatever it is, big jiayou to you too!
Durability over song budget!
x x
Congratulations to our Angel
Thanks for connecting Desi!
We went to Burnham on Sea yesterday. It was lovely xx
Thank you very our clothes were just recycled from some cloth cut-outs by our aunt
Pair one done and ready for gifting. On to the next pair.
You Guys r Active Keep It up
Goodmorning loves I hope you all have an amazing day
Love it
really kind of you Jane. Thank you for having me
You beauts keep it up
A lil headass but you did it with this one
Merci
Thanks
Time for some
Ashley Simmons
We have a couple like that
Verdad verdadera
Tickets were still the same price, decide to leave from KC on Friday instead of Thursday
Everytime I see a tweet about Towards another light or from you in general I get so excited and happy.
player
ata(?)
very thoughtful of you
Yes .. I received ur notification
Good morning twitter
Nope. See his hand? He's a fire alchemist in FMAB like Roy Mustang
Those eyes !!! beautiful
I was thinking it as another treatment group
Spoilers in that video, btw. But it gives you an idea what like, before your boy sees it.
Charming SARAH LEX is now inline for erotic flirts and more
Naughty Wild Girls Club international Live
Good morning to you both, and thank you
Omg so adorable Wish my rabbit camera shy No a Pomeranian..not shy by nature but very camera shy! Thank you
Good tips
Abang best abang nyanyi tadi n i see somethibg blue
Congratulations you won the giveaway . Please check your DM and send me a reply
Yes, the folks already put me on to this. Thanks! wait
thanks for sharing
is nothing in nature that blooms all year long, so expect yourself to do so Everything will be okay. Just pray.
I'm ready.
Lol thank you
Hi Mphoentle try our scar and blemish cream, it removes dark spots.
Tea & cakes
Cannot wait to see the new release. Sounds like a lot of love has gone into it
EMI omo olorun... My way is Dat of the Lord.
Thank you and you too
Hope these help
Wishing Walk Ons had black and gold unis for game day
Merci vous, bon dimanche
esse replay Hi rapaz
Thanks man!
I'm Officially Back for you namiss ko twitter world
MagSwitch na din aq wala aq mkita sa watson or lage ubos
Taco Johns or Taco Bell?
God bless you all this beautiful Sunday
Ty
Cute... You're cute and gorgeous.
Remember they are still 7 boys who loves you..
God bless you all this beautiful Sunday
Whoever sent me that Curiouscat message re: CPA board/post-grad around 30 mins ago please please send me a DM.
Well that was a delightful, music filled weekend away
Ang bad naman nung pedicab driver na yon, atleast still kind to him despite the fact na ganun sya
looking for seats for acoustic show in Akron OH 12/5. Something reasonable close. Thanks!
happy pud ko kay couldn't ask for more din hihihi labyu ben HAHAHAHHAHA kita na lg plez
Looks like fun was had by all
Well done Keely
you best believe ill back out on some plans if i called shotgun that morning and didnt get it
Lol, that is a nice way to enjoy the race & good job to your sister!
ok na din po hehe
Beshak hum baygaani shaadi main Abdullah deewana hain, but at least we're happy when we see others happy.
Pinktaeng went to Fort Bonifacio today.
Singapore SGD
welcome Seamus xxx
There are blondes and then there is Shannon (28 Photos)
sorry for stealing ur friends
Good Morning Back.
I try to peek in every now & then...life too crazy these months
Charming KRISTINA KRINTS is now inline for erotic flirts and more
Naughty Wild Girls Club international
awwwe bitin yung dinner date with sir sa uulitin
Mi perrito!! Adolfo
Mi
Thank you
Tastes really good, always drinking my coffee this way now
thank you
Don't forget you can block and mute people and words. Don't engage with the trolls. I've quit
need to set the alarm for tom
Mono
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness if you it Thanks
A Shepherd was the first to discover petroglyphs of Ratnagiri.
I feel so honored po.
So cute
Ones name can be and the others
lovely hope having a great Sunday xxx
Realized a lot this weekend
Yes. Jungle drums
Wow I love you
If u See then RT.
Suiit...suiiit
Oct. 25 Thurs!
Abang u did very well best abang nyanyi tadi. And i see something blue
Like that, we certainly connect in isolation
It went well
Imad Wasim with Fan
Binance has the highest trading volume on any exchanges
Click here:
$NANO
Hi Yanie Belated Happy Birthday to you Take Care Always. God bless you x All the love
you have a great day too
In the grounds of my hoose...!
Excellent
Awww snowing outside rn
Still waiting sa reply mo
A pretty cake with sugarcraft roses in rose gold and pink for a 13th birthday
Please like and share, thankyou
This tweet, ": *doing well n happy*
: i am glad you are fine, hyung
Cr to owner
You made me stronger than the past, how beautiful u are anak para sakin, sobrang mahal na mahal kita,
At
really Adam...
Oh I sho did
Thank you so much sis
Charming MEGAN DARCEY is now inline for erotic flirts and more
Naughty Wild Girls Club international
Damn, a nice setup tbh
hey hey its this cat birthday
Thanks sis!
Bacon is the best. Happy Sunday Sheila
We'll share you link of the prod po once may available.
You Flatter me man. Thanks
This guy!!!
Um meloso
"A proposta" com Sandra Bullock e Ryan reynolds.
Engage in whatever you are passionate about. You don't really have to be good at it as long as you engage in it.
raised him well! Good job momma!
Ah thank you! I hope so!
Been lovely. Ended up at the Old Kings Head for a yummy carvery
When you come home
Sachai bahar atta hai toh cong ka halat dekhne like hai, kya hoga 31st oct ko...
Thanks, Cliff!
T-mobile work on an international phone for me ... but a new phone is calling me
the most important things that must be in any relation ? Hum, Respect and loyalty
Oooh, thank you!!! I love reading material
Oo
Morning Deb ... Was thinking out loud . They all are too familiar with each other for my liking
on fire !
thank you as always for the retweet loving all the pictures and videos, safe trip home xx
thank you for the re-tweet.
A fang-tastic family-friendly event this October half-term. No need to book! Just turn up on the day!
We love a city that promotes individuality! likes to keep things weird, and so do we Here are some of
You can relate just for a different reason. thank you though.
You can dm with me
De rien
Ta I think you missed at the end recreation
Good morning Gary
The shoes
Thanks Maria! Have a great week ladies!
Thank you
Guys Follow her
She is interactive
Active
Friendly
Nice
& follow back bhi
dain gee aap
Still as handsome, never changed!
i hope i can be friends with some armys i will meet while watching burn the stage
worth it
Good for the both of you
Hohoho followed beck
i will, thank you for your request
San ka nagdodorm ate? And how much rent mo?
Great clip Goddess. Lucky guy.
Preach!
Duvidei
Awww bless you .
Don't worry anyway, I've NIL influence on here
All the best
thank you
Who do you want to see me do a song with next then folks?
3am - Late night eCom Niche Research
7am - Wake Up with the fam for the kids 1/2 mile race in the AM
I just want to find that person who will stay by my side even though it is hard to be with me all the time.
Love these colors
B E H A P P Y....
not because everything is perfect but because you choose to FOCUS on the perfect Moment
Goodnight everyone
Abang best nye abang perform tadi. And i see something blue
not a vain person but I like to think so thx for the hugs
Selling nudes and vids and I have a package who want to buy sobi have 2 example nudes, Hey! I'm on Kik - my
Good luck! Hope you enjoy it
Sucks to be you
Thanks Jerry
It's been a great Our next Stoke open day is on the 24th November
Gracias igualmente
Ten un bonito Domingo
Ashanti Concert Gets Canceled After Selling 24 Tickets.
Happy birthday, uncle!
Giga sells shampoo bars din 100Php each.
Thanks!
Ohhhhhh yeaaaah
WEB:
SPOTIFY:
TWITTER:
Thanks To You !!!
Gracias
SundayFunday! Move-in Today And Get Your Application And Deposit Waived!
Good morning gorgeous
Yea, loving this look bigtime
Yes! So glad back releasing stuff
No problem!
I really wait
In South Africa
One I haven't tried! Does it keep long? I must look it up.
Very Good Morning Aparna
ay iba din prend happy ang lovelife
21.10.2018
Thanks!
Mmmmm Tonkotsu Chashu Ramen + Ajitama + Corn + Butter + Nori looks delicious
chefalexemery Thank you
We
hard to match but the glow in the dark has an 80s vibe that works perfectly.
Actually, I like detail and it is technically who comes into Equity must come with clean
a goodie
4 sehat 5 sempurna
.
Love ya too thank you
Times are changing ...
Charming CASSIDEY is now inline for erotic flirts and more
Naughty Wild Girls Club international Live
Thank you for the retweet happy Sunday
What is your opinion of the current situation in Mexico? The Caravan saga from Honduras ?
We are all doing the best job we can!
Thank you for sharing, APAI! I hope you enjoy the rest of your weekend
Press was really good. Not on the level of these but decent. Also Snowfall has come highly recommended
I hope you find someone who hates hurting your heart
Thanks for watching man
Thanks!
I love their dip & rise flight patterns, a jog to witness.
This is the first time I make the mashup
[MASHUP] Stay With Me + Dream Of You (Punch,ChanYeolxJoy,Mark)
No worries
Dzyaaaaammm wait
What a great gift
Seems to be almost too good to be true
Thank you!!! delighted with myself
Hi! It was nice meeting you kanina
Waise he's pairing with raashi right , I so wanted to see them together onscreen
That's it for now! Will try to update tomorrow Here's a link to my other au's if you wanna read more while
Good Morning
I think that does it for this part
Almost done!
Nice meeting your fam
Now Live on and playing nba 2k19 retweet this to let everyone know and spend ur Sunday with me
Yeah thank you
Good Morning
went to hair salon & brought your book to read. Hairdresser said, that book looks amazing! it
Yo kinda home now, back to being a normal not interesting dude
Thank you! Our Community Day starts in 4 hours.
Yass
for coming and wish you all enjoy in HongKong!
Or you could book yourself a massage, sounds good to me
Solo brunchin
Charming ARIANNA ARIES is now inline for erotic flirts and more
Naughty Wild Girls Club international
I saw the clip too. Putin taught the President of Turkmenistan on how to hold a dog gently. Kind Putin felt the dog's uncomfort
Yes I played baseball with my younger brothers and talked a lot with my father
Clothes were made to be tugged on
Been a while since the last time I made a genuine smile
All setup to concede a late equaliser, cannae wait
I feel like I do.
And I really appreciate your input too. Always a pleasure to
Oooh I'll explore here next trip over Miss London badly!
NEW BATCH
Order form link in my bio
Curb stomped. Made my cold black heart smile
Jgh. Good night.
Made it to Prague! On my way to Rozvadov now
It is nice they are reminding fans they can do small things like this that still matter a lot
I love cotton candy
if I swing really gon hit u .
Healing nicely thenautilustattooco philtolfreetattoo Taunton, Somerset
can be ur teacher and at the same time
is always there to cheer you up
me and baby made 6 months today
we should marry then 'cause always falling in love with u for 22 years baby
Thank you Judy for coming to scope on the balloon too fun but bit scared too
I know you want to gain ! Retweet! Like! Follow me! Turn on my notifications! Follow all that follow you!
Va.
Do you also remember these two songs?
I did not manage whole paper in 60min..it take too much tym. so plzz increase time according to paper content thank u sir
Life can really fuck you up after being happy
I think double chin in a guy is cute
I wanna just take the time out to say , Happy Birthday to my closest friend & she a Libra like me
Thank you Matt
I have already.
And I hate men with beard, but Ranveer is an exception only because of his personality
uy, may pa-song number
And gomes looks good 2 me this line up
what is your favorite ---> Movie ?
Good Morning Patriots
I was going through some pictures this morning ; it made me think of a poem I wrote.
I noted some Hangul from your past tweet and I still use those
Charming ALISSON FOXWORTH is now inline for erotic flirts and more
Naughty Wild Girls Club
Thankyouuuu!
only one choice for support a creator my cousin and I both got you
omg if u ever wanna dm me be shy!!
I enjoyed it
jjk?
I love myself today. Im extra cute!
I believe there are more good people in this world than bad. Which one will you be today?
It's a lesson in brevity!
Happy birthday talented human being! Thanks for being my inspiration
I've been working out
Happy birthday Mrs Twist
find the wonderful in today...
Happy Birthday!!
Yesterday was a great day
Not underrated at all at my car. a car music favorite! (My older son being the one who plays it most)
Buy Karlyle Tomms products! YOU COULD BECOME SEXIER, SMARTER AND RICHER! Access at
Happy Sunday fun day. be playing Plunge Beach Hotel 12pm-3pm today! Join me by the ocean at Plunge Beach
It's the best way to watch American sports if you're from Europe like me
Jacuzzi bubbles at the Bellavista Montecatini Palace.
Ah, makes so much sense now! Thank you for breaking it down.
Ako den po Lord, i will wait for that right man.
congrats!!! let me know when you hear anything, i'll keep my fingers crossed
Ah, I thought you bought it directly from Paris Baguette. Thank you for the info.
102118
D-534
Hello appa! Can't wait for the 23rd of October. We will hear another masterpiece! And the most
thabk you for making the au. i love reading diff stories/scenarios. i'll be waiting for your next update. fighting!
you are really talented and cool WoW You are really Amazing Wish you good luck
Zbylo jen tohle
Congrats glad to fallow you around!
I loved the hitmans bodyguard. Thought it was great.
Hey you!
Pain is real but so is love!
True, I respect it
Double chin on a guy is cute.
Do you know we open on Sundays too
Come thru and give your clothes that awesome weekend treat they deserve
Yes, IS awesome and someone that I met this weekend
I hear people tell other people you cross her over with. you know
Practice
Back to raipur for couple of days
Thanks!
{hello world}
Buenos chicos de todo el mundo
We'll i hope its not as its ment to be taking me to bath next month
Listen to by real__pcy on
Done! Going home now.
Diboongin.
Muchas Gracias!!!!
Bare backs are some kind of magic
Absolutely! DABO!!!!!
Fighting!
I'm searching/asking around for a guide by phone.. I'm sure you will do well
Grab your rod, time to go fishing!
Hi po kuyang nag saxophone
Equally humbled
Almuerzo en familia Family lunch trying a new Mexican food restaurant
Breakfast
Come out to West 60 before the Toy Run
I did not manage whole paper in 120min..it takes too much tym. so plzz increase time according to paper content thank u sir
Thank you so much babe.
RM
Well said Sirr
Nice chika-ing with to you po until next time
I hear people tell other people you cross her over Glad you know
Im in a realy good spot in life
Got two jobs, going to school & just healthy mentally
Thank you very much for your kind words! Much appreciated!
Night everyone
Tkt Currywurst
welcome
Mrs. Claus is giving you what you want in 2018 (10 Photos)
Great statement
We're loving your photos of your Singapore Airlines experience, Wayne. Thank you for sharing!
I think so, even if not many
Terius will be alright, don't worry too much...
It's too late
Adrift and Voice
When I'm not your student, you will now flog me...are you mad?
Loving the colours beautiful xx
Be thankful you have to be here today morning
I PROMISE THIS IS THE LAST NA MASASAKTAN MO KO
Thanks done watching
Welcome
Thank you!
Join us today at SAPC! forget the congregational meeting following the 9:00 am Worship Service.
Thank you! Learned from the best
I told my boyfriend the same thing on board
...and turned out to be a lovely day too
Happy Sunday to you
Finding your handle wasn't easy! Are you both gonna be there at this year's hack?
I'm
Tough weekend for Rockland, 4-11 overall and 1-5 in playoff action...but that 1 is special
I like where this is headed
This year birthday sambut without parents lagi
Oh i wait to see Cle when i get to the game my sons mother is BOMBBBB
Ghost stories with Barkada Hangout friends.
Thanks
Congratulations, Christine! still on FIRE!
Holy Cross of Mintal sir. Medyo identical lang mi ug uniform sa mga tga SPCT hehehe
yes to this
Thanks Sandra
I reckon it's worth contacting M.L.Stapleton
If someone wants to take me out for my birthday that would be lovely
Big event ng mga paa sa ROS PC ASIA
support us ! Paawer
ph politics be good to me please, itataas kita ng sobra
thinking bout booking a couple's massage w her for me and fat bae. I think he'll enjoy it forreal
Where did you find the clips, Sylviane? On Instagram?
Lol. You created an account before me but I've been here longer than you
Good morning! 306 followers, love that
merheba
Vada pav and cutting.. after a long time!!
*ko may pag advertise and of course ILY TOO
Eeeeeeyyyy
In case you figured it out yet, girls REALLY like ice cream
bon dimanche a vous tous
Siesta time?
My new pet
On a hot day this looks like a great place to take a nap
Lol this is awesome
Rusty
thank you for this
Faut pas se mentir non plus hein
Dm or mention this account once meron na video ok? TIA
Hyolyn
Going to start making my dinner and lunch for tomorrow after put away my clothes and then it should be a chilled sunday.
Anyone else love these dogs ?
My feed is full of these cuties
This could be me but I just can't let these disturb my gym life.
So proud of you.
It not easy, but I know you will do with your big heart.
I will most certainly have a look thank you, Harry
Good morning Echurch!
Lol *Katana but what do I Know
Left without comment
You are not an analyst. You are fund manager. Also analysts become critics in bear markets
With our sweet one and only baby. Such a cutie. Stay makulit pepps, pagaling ka. I missed you.
Fotografiando la noche
wait to get ima eat her til she take it no more
Thank you shine!! Yes yesss hope i can see you again soon
Perfect film for a Sunday afternoon
Be positive, stay happy and let the negativity of the world get you down
Malaysia is definitely
Me too haha! Goblet of
This new episode...just... NEW FAVE LMAO AHHHH wait
Eat chocolates
Ohhh really? I'll just stream their MVs so I can help in other ways. Btw, thanks for the info.
I respect that.
Thanks for the Relaxing day planned (I hope )
hopefully you'll find the one and get a wonderful wedding with all the people that you both care about! wishing you this
I love youuuu Come here to YXE and give you the biggest hug ever
Good morning
This was salt-sensitive model so apply to non-salt sensitive models
They are paid to screw with our minds...don't let them. Stay sharp.
Yay noodles
Reagan is next
mention it
Good idea! I'll put it on my list. Thank you!
So melon account it is. Thanks to those who voted and helped
Hiii. Please stay strong!
[TRANS] Handshake event, Thank you
I feel like I've been talking successfully (well) to many of
Hope to see you!!
Yes you have to take care yourself just take proper rest and get well soon love you lots of
11. Perfect date is chilling at a cafe talking abt the movie we just watched a while ago.. + going home early to avoid rush hour
NSTP-CWTS Girls only with our Sexy and gorgeous adviser Ma'am sichocokath Palawan State University
Happy birthday!
Yes, wajib ditonton ini kalo suka film thailand
Thanks Fionnuala
You're so cute thank you, you made me smile this morning. Feel free to send me a message whenever,
Lovely - will be back there in about ten days' time
Gas station coffee, morning rain, on the 15S... perfect combo
got two of these available if searching for them
So challenging and beautiful, for sure I'm returning to it
Thanks very much
Awesomeness
Ganda ng first love bea alonzo kasi eh
Buenos
Thank you
No matter what you already have a special place in my heart
Thank you
even when you think they around .. they around
I'm about to be wine drunk
Awww so cute! Thank you!
" In uncertain things liberty; in necessary things unity; in all things love" another Sunday reminder for all of us!
Really interesting interview! Thx for tweeting the whole segment.
Hi! hello, anon.
Don't forget your wingman this weekend (77 Photos)
Here is the original link: give it a like
Buenos
developed such a bond with the the past couple months, I look forward to rooting to them alongside the next year
Tama! Spread the love and goodness po. We love you Sarah.
Thanks so much
He thinks we're all stupid.
My way of Expressing happiness.
more
going to have a good day
Nice meeting you thank you din. See you next time
sang happy birthday to my dad and gave him his presents he started crying
Rushden lakes.
I see
up though
Yup - this one haha
On y va les ?
Omg ! I love this soo muuch ! Is it ok if I post it on tumblr ? give you proper credit, of course
THIS! Except im never paying
Happy Bday Kutty papa behalf Of Thala fans
Good Night Lord thank You for this wonderful day that You given to me.
just wanted to come on here and say happy birthday to my best friend in the whole wide world. love you tammy.
Before magpalaundry
Binance has the highest trading volume on any exchanges
Click here:
$NANO
Other close elections are neck and neck but on Pk-71 the close contest should be termed mouth to mouth
Even though you're the main reason why I always feel down
It's okay
Love it Blake, thanks for sharing Gemma
Thank you for the heads up. Let's start again tomorrow.
Your welcome
Saw this all over my timeline so let me try this one hehe credits to the rightful owner of the pic
Just reply a
Well thank you
Oh, I know. just a fantasy choice
Living my best life
I appreciate you a lot
|| Thank you
to fill shadows
Just finished turning this for the
Will deactivate my account for five days
Balik Twitter tayo after prelims! Byeeeeeeee
I love his smile
Imagine fracturing your back in two places
omg kaya pala hahaha nice. at least naexperience mo lb life.
Soon we'll have this lightstick and that beautiful crowd will soon turn into a beautiful ocean of STAYs
Goodnight
eyes look great in this
Lucas, vaane selfie eh nagan aiissa. and Congratulations to your continuous work.
developed such a bond with the the past few months, I look forward to rooting for them alongside the next year
Happy birthday I hope you have a great day
Thank you for loving Alden and Maine po.
Managed to read all and understood most Heroji you are deep In thought. Something pulls you
(just a short clip ) full video on our facebook page (Velez College-College of Nursing White Caps)
you're always welcome. naghihintay pa rin ako. until the right time comes.
when will we see each other again? I really wanna see you na ate quishaaaa, super dami kong kwentoooo sayo
Good morning world
thank you!
Chill
Thank you yes Manchester x
...*grammar sir, not *grammer.
...*grammatical errors sir, not *grammer errors.
You're welcome.
Welcome to UOB
Not at the moment
Hello there
I will never get tired of you nak!!
Thank you xxx Hope having a super weekend xxx
Breakfast from Becker's Donuts and Bakery
all good
lovely & so are u x
Thank you Monica
This song sums up the current times i think
Welcome
Absolutely mate, I'm always happy to have a discussion with you about football, you know that. I
Wonderful! Thank you
I'll keep an eye out I think the linework is gorgeous as is, but it would also look awesome in colour
Grits and tuna
Many thanks for being so kind...
That's my sorted then
Could you confirm or decline, if so i can send th money immediately (or not if I am too late hehe)
For day 1
The human embodiment of a cupcake
Also, the oldest person on my Twitter despite being so young
Sana all ng prof ganito, hahaha thank you so much mam. u are one of my fav prof.
When you support your future son so much
Poster tshirts and anything else that takes me fancy!
new acc and might stay here
He was
leave a like for Ally
fresh from Dar es Salaam
Yep just like that
it really is a pretty time of year!
Fair date after work
That would certainly make the fans of small government happy...
Celebrating the upcoming result of PK 71 Peshawar, aka the constituency of "mouth to mouth communication " wala
the one i'm sending now
On attend Camille
Worry less
Because i'm happy
[SG] 1st Batch! WARM WISHES Inspired Goods by // pretty minimalistic designs in phone
Thanks for the cookies! Nice to have met you in person!
Following
As soon as that MVMT money rolls in
I will be posting the footage of my taped up struggle on Twitter So you can see it all here
That's mouthful.. I meant like in one word..
You are a lot of things.... A bundle of many talents..
Thank you pretty .
I love your beautiful eyes and lips
I think you like my tweets though
Anytime! I enjoy reading your posts
happy birthday the gifted
2 pm sched tomorrow
Rest well
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
Pc
Last Saturday, I went to event at There was a lottery and I won an
Starving for cute content of my kiddos...
I'm positive we'll get them today
Thank you for judging us all. We appreciate you
Happy to have you po
You make everyone happy You are not a pizza
.
But you know who you can and should make happy? YOU!
.
ask me anything!!
ce mt tchutchuca e fofaaa, gosto mt do c
One of my favourite All Time Low songs to hear live
Faragh logo ka shok
Mungkin sebab Pizza Hut sponsor, cheesy tu harus!
Thanks for the review, Amir! Glad you liked it
Welcome to the Kimbits!!
Morning!
going to do a HUGE giveaway as a thank you so be on the lookout in my stories!!! ROCK!!!!
Thank you Yes we feel very lucky!
My night bae be making everything all better
Thank you so much I'll wait for you
That was fun.
I'll promise that this uweek will be the best week for me
Hi folks John Mitchel's would like to thank everyone who made today's Sylvie Mason Fun Day & Blitz a huge
They're doing Lord's work
Sana all thank you so much mam.
Thank you
I think they do
I had a tiger dream again and it was a good one
We had fun anyway.
I U GET UR GOAL
Hope you feel better soon so you can enjoy your day off
For the nth time, LaSt cRaMmInG NaNi
We want black bag and turnip photos! Give the people what they want.
ooo thanks
Excited na me
cute swing they have here..
no worries
Yayy thanks darrene!! God bless you rin
Love Greenwich...amazing views across London from the Royal Observatory x
Thank you,I finally got it
Hey Twitter
I need 100 retweets so that I can go to a movie date with my crush
Thanks in advance
I did was bored at work lol aww thanks follow you straight back
Stuart just grabs my phone and uses my tinder pretending me... if we ever matched sorry but actually my gay friend
18s Tires w/ rims $650 OBO
Wish you a very quick recovery
Congratulations for the successful event! ayiee! Happy Birthday!
Do it then ...#onlyonelife
was one lit event! Dominos with the, thrilling vibes. Again pleasee
Rightly so
Have you done ours PC Buffery?
Been following
Hi crushh hello anon
Goodnight
Buenos batman4ever
I know im strong enough to face this
we understand you! in the same way,
when we listen to the songs of
Ezi Emela, then
He is such a cutie
like for Ally
What better way to treat a hangover - Sunday roast at Ma and Pa's
Thank you so much dear Evan, how I am thinking about
Wag ka makinig sa mga panget Whoops dont degrade women just because of their physical appearance
Ahhh i see.. well goodluck then i'll tell you if i know someone selling
Wo ist Babe ?
Im happy i found u here aswell Sushant..you were my fb friend..remember?
sorry for deletion and such, wrong thread.
Cannot move. Have to sit on!
Waaa Super good!!
Thankyou for sharing with us ~
I really just want to talk sometimes. Ask me anything!
Love tka bsan di ta okay iloveyou babe forever
That's great to hear Katie If you send us over your nans mobile number we can pass on your
Yes it is. She gave me chills even time she sang. It was crazy. thanks me too. I really
OH and please dm me your number and make sure your dms are open
I know that-
Yes, I just wanna make her happy and loved. Thank you
HAHAHAHA thank you poooo
Updated fall semester schedule! New GBM: Dr.Quezada, Assistant Dean for admissions at UMDSOM will be comming
aw thank you very much!!
Babes! Talk to me on
He is the man after God's heart
That's an awesome video, Dipi! Thanks for sharing.
Still waiting
I hope you dont cross the line, you two.
a philosophy major
I like both
folback
Thankyou STUDIO7 for having us.
hope we can perform again!
plss follow my social media acc.
ig:
Last day! Make sure to get over to Freezing today
Fantastic to meet you, Nell x
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
What lovely autumn day. Fab photos
Thankyou
So I came out to two of my friends last night it felt great
Thanks
That made me smile.
Not looking for an argument. I just think a line between tweeting at players and tweeting
They're not bad, are they
just to let you know, I've found someone to do this week
Thankful i got what i need
Had a hunch you were anti-Brexit.
There should be new job every 2 months
Wait a few days, send him a cute pic of pavlov with the wood stuff and tell him how you like his wo... Work.
At the River - Groove Armada
Thank you so much Ian, you are a charming gentleman XxX
Worth it ka Queen I miss you pati ang HCM himig chorale
Seller Lucia is an inspiration.
Gutted there's no tights this time, the finish off the ensemble nicely
Very soon the governor will decamp. Just waiting for it to happen.
Get delicious vegetarian ingredients delivered straight to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh
uncle Jimin, is that you?
ive got this feeling it's gonna be an exciting 2019.
AMEN WE BLESSED 4 ANOTHER DAY TO BE ALIVE IF YOU BREATHING THEN YOU ACHIEVING ( snoopdogg VOICE )
Vote for done Thaaaaaank you so much for this kinda info
Hi
Hey, how are you? It's been a while. hello there! i'm doin perfectly fine, just busy w/ school works & stuffs
Mom bought me. yay! Happy kid as always..
Sunday morning nostalgia
I can prove it...
Good morning
How you?
i love you too i'll see you again soon
That's so true Your family should always come first.
Mina Madlamini I m just sharing coach's pure match interview
ah sa bulacan state university? anong course mo? Batangas State University po hehez. Accounting management po
It was the store at Rushden Lakes
Love your life! Join the community and meet up!
21.10.2018 Great Project BD For KristPerawat
Black and White
Escape to Korea - My Seoul ( )
.
.
.
.
Tell everyone it is a Canadian thing two rights never make a wrong!!!!! Have a great day. Be unique
Was therefore any ear-surfing? Coral used to love a dab of smelly poo around the ears
Nope. You just need discipline, self-control, at onting dasal.
You need positive people, too.
Thank you so much for joining me on my test stream! It went really well so keep an eye out for the next one!
Haha I'm good with that
I woke up (slept in! & this tweet popped up in notifs.... then I saw Jin had posted, got ALL the feels
Ah thank you so much Denise! xx
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
anthem ko talaga kahapon yung Shallows ni Lady Gaga and Bradley Cooper while walking along teh streets of
in France so you live in England! Near london area, or? curious, i hope you mind)
Hi! Please educate your fans
Yes but a referendum is not an election and does not have to be acted on by law. get the facts and regroup
blessed & highly favored
Thank you
Come find me at the event
You are right
Thanks for playing.
Awww thank you I try to be as supportive as I can. You guys are so awesome!
Life is good ...
Rykas on a lovely sunny Sunday
Thank you
Just another regular day for
Jawoll:
Happy birthday! stay healthy
Was there any ear-surfing? Coral used to love a dab of smelly poo around the ears
drone delivery canada new jobs ...fly
drones
If you could let me have some lottery number ideas also I will go 50:50 on the win
anthem ko talaga kahapon yung Shallows ni Lady Gaga and Bradley Cooper while walking along the streets of
If you could let me have some lottery number ideas also I will go 50:50 on the win
Its gud to mind ur business momm
Celebrating the upcoming result of Peshawar aka the constituency of "mouth to mouth communication " wala
We could see how much he love to perform on the stage.. He was born for this
Thank you. I drink and I read things.
Opo naman mumsh
it's cool to see people proud of their 'pinagkaiba sa iba'
Also pray for third order folks among your grandkids!
He is just sooo! adorable
Lleno de Amor junto a mi flia
OMG! Am I having a crush on him?! I find him cute tho. haha. yup
Life is changing for the better. excited
left?
Happy you love the surprise, Mez
Thanks for your contribution to Trump 2020
so ready to get back to playing music big things are coming
thank you!!
Please Like and share!!!
Some retail therapy today should lift my mood.
Sunday Funday
Busy week ahead
Bristol, United Kingdom
One day understand them completely. but I love how calm and soothing their voices and their adorable to watch
Gud news
Whatever you did. It is what it is and so tired, (sick of these niggas)
Please who is Dr Funmi biko ?
How am now lagging behind on twitter sef
November 10
God Bless po
La cox'4l
13. For a guy, when he has a big heart and not just a heart for me. One who is kind to anyone. In general, kind person warms my heart
Great job guys!
Thanks for joining us today
The kind of parent I want to be
Give yourself some credit.
such a wonderful wknd
me next time
Bonne Mark. Looks like a sunny day with blue sky :) enjoy your Sunday my friend
Unpossible
Tum THING ni ho
To make it memorable.
I think we will struggle to make top four with the lack of goals from our right wings and strikers.
Simple and natural
your two babies...
THIS. WE ALL LIVE LIKE KINGS
Another day in paradise
here you go
Pero worth it nmn?? I mean you enjoyed
We have to keep one on the place. just like that..
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off
Account ]
10 sundays left this year
Thank you Lord again
not boring baby
says the pilot
my birthday is the whole October
I'm extremely lucky!
So officially I and Deepika can celebrate our marriage anniversary on the same day
PEshawar always stood by PTI but Bhai bhai khelengy to haar to jana hy
Anywayssssssssss. gonna be a great day
Thanks for following me
Lastnight was great
On the garden - tilling the soul ready for the garlic
Bless her
Me and Pioneer Woman use the same brand of butter just noticed that
Just checking you're being serious Theresa, before answering
Most definitely. He's husband material
Slept really well
I am stubborn &
Arrogant
Oh !!! Lt looks so good Thank you
Proof or you're lying
We have our own time! Be patient! Keep working on it! Fighting
Happy birthday.
.........
:(( but but.. if it's.. whatever you think works best for you
Those wellies were the best buy I made this year. They've done many a beach and muddy path walk
Worked out 5 Times this week! So proud of myself
Thank you
You always have us here My Sun
yessssss lemme know if you go
proud of you dude
If you ever wanna follow back
Ask me
Thank You
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
Mi final perfecta
I m thankful everything I have
Oh I see. Thanks for the info.
Please Like and share!!!
Yeah I see you support them
Justin or Brian, maybe
I want to go on a Starbucks date
Enjoy reading.
Awww thank you Lyn! get to see the content in DM regardless
Congrats! You can now vote 12x a day. just check the time though. Sign up now. and vote everyday!
An opinion is an evolving process.
Yes please
Ni parho ge jhoote saf krne parain ge
fuck yall and them suck ass Steelers see soon
Banfield pet hospital
Jan na gift ko
Please Like and share!!!
First match Go4 c'est partis !
Titan gel? No. Petroleum jelly? Yes HAHAHA!
I know about breast of champions but this is breakfast if this champion.
Look at that face
That also sounds likr a great idea! Thanks so much, and happy gaming!
That's okay! I'm just waiting it by the loos for the next little bit
Hahahahahahaha this is just so cute, Chanyeol and Jihoon!!! Ahhhh!
I ask for a picture fam
21.10.2018 Great Project BD For KristPerawat
Thank you! I hope you enjoy
Thank you din po.
Paki sabi din po na sobrang thank you
Okay po.. thanks.. matuon na ko liwat.. na inspired ko.. hehez very good! your efforts will pay off
I shall edit this for ya.
Thanks Matt!
You can say that in capital letters.
for kids
Cerita tidak sesuai Fakta
Libre = chicken fillet ala king
kinda sweet. Although yes kinda crazy that he looked at you in months lol
Congratulations on becoming the State Champion!! You really deserved it you are going to kill
so excited
Simplemente younique
I was just about to say the same thing.
It's just another lying
its totes fine! i mean its your own version of the story, do what you want with it and the first
Thank you
Added, my code 4883 2191 6776 feel free to add
Ayer le traje brownies y masitas a mi novio
uwuwu hope one of those friends
Try map baru japs
I'm just hope we have the same thinking and feelings (maybe)
and thanks for following meeee
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
I will walk up now!
Ud tb
Get delicious vegetarian ingredients delivered straight to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh
Thank you sue
thanks
move forward!
Thank you I really appreciate that
Hooray! Counting down the days! So excited
Stock Market Seminar on Nov 10, 2018. see you bro
Naniniwala na, no need for cartwheels. Hahaha Take care on the way home!
Noooo! He needs to run! The more the merrier! Get some 3rd party candidates like Bernie and Ocasio-Cortez, too!
What would you do if you fell for him irl? Stop the role play relationship and tell him the truth.
I wanna experience coming to a Halloween party with my friends. I wonder how it feels?
Not had it! I'll keep a look out for it
Dear Blue,
Be honest, be confident, be humble
P.S. Love yourself
CREDITS SAYOOO HAHAHA THANK YOU PALAAA!
FemaleFakeTaxi Three exciting sessions and cumshots in the back
Doing my own thing and finding my own way!
Me
Fangirling is never and will never be a hindrance. It's just a matter of priority and time management.
VERA
Issa day today....well,for me at least.
Merci beaucoup
When you need a little sweet and a little crunch ...a little now... a little for later. Tickled Sweet
Maka excite to know someone na Fan din
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
Thankyou STUDIO7 for having us.
hope we can perform again!
plss follow my social media acc.
ig:
First 4 agree but 5 would be The Fisher King
If i could change overnight turn into something like. But im a sunflower, a little funny.
Glorietta 1 po
Ofc I understand I'm Malay
I hear ya. Brussels sprouts are really good raw on a salad or roasted.
Look at this adorable little girl!
May be am right then. Where is my price happy Sunday
Update - Gym and nights out with my bros for the past 2 weeks!
Start training this Friday!!
Time to add "influencer" to your bio Sir.
Thanks Kelsey!
Thank you staff
Thank you! You, too
Making coffee right now big shout out to
Come worship Him at We would love to see you!
10am & 11:30am -
Chilled out Sunday and reading about abs adore this woman
Check this cutie out singing with
Recorded on
thank u
So am I. You help who you fall in love with. wait to see yours
No 5! would have rated you higher Tbh
Inexplicably BEAUTIFUL IMAGE & Excellent Expressions
Mauri Nd veah being so good I think I might take a baby nap
I love but sometimes it's nice to have a day offline! Headed up to with my Mum! Have
Day 294 of 365
Played volleyball in the morning Went to St. Jude to celebrate his feast day
Thanks for these... Im 165 so i can imagine.
Now the stream of doom is done I can concentrate on getting excited for
I already am
Perfect! Just got back to you now
Thank you
World wide handsome Jin
I'm glad everyone is safe and sound
Uy answered prayer agad!
I've been keeping this sticker until I got a car on the road again
Absolutely
Do you know ...you are the only one who praised this She'r
I think nobody understood fully .
Ha! Only if my counts
Watch my dumb ass end up buying shit
oh wow, thanks
see, I think yours is better than mine
Walked into what a great start to the day
thank you for the re-tweet.
Miss u
Retweet if active and ready to gain followers
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
Just did! Well, my business account did, don't have a personal Insta account
YES except the part that i used to think i was an introvert
I must go check it out
Competition
& Baby Khalif
Fuzzy ketwig Fred
wait
add a little more color to life! Join the community and meet up!
Sooner we'll find the person who gonna love us
Yummy! I am going to make crumble with mine. Not a pesticide in sight
Prolly best to start layering up now, and switch to bigger knickers ... cos this week is gonna be a doozy !
Let's be happy
I'm watching EVERY game on TV today
Woy good luck momsh
Best film award goes to
unexpected best dressed award
So easy to love
I've snapped out of it now but thank you x
Happy birthday Keep fighting! Wishing you all the best kapatid!!
Never that. A guy want to open something for me, gave a me attitude, now his player deleted, karma
don't be homeless get a house live in it
All good! I hope you have a wonderful day
Goodluck ate mich
Always wanted an old Panel for the house... found one! with David James Newbold
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
hoes outta luck. only one woman I want! Happy Sunday thoe lol
Opening times for the fair
thank you pooo!!
Thank you
For offline ticketing all of the locations stated in the website serentak start esok
heheh welkambek byun
I'll follow back
Heart rate .... ok now
Thank you
Casual Sunday chilling on the stop
That explains... Glad yo know my eyes and brain are functional
Most embarrassing day of my life.
Thank you
Love you too
How to Apply The of Hindsight in Your Daily Life
|
Aww how lovely so happy for youXxx
umm thank
Love u man
Thank you
I hope everyone is having a tip top spectacular Sunday!
Thanks luv was just having a moment All good now x
Hahahaha kinda, depende parin sa pref mo!!!
Thank you
This tweet made my morning one small step in the plans to make as many people
Thank you
Happy Birthday Mama Don
That is very impressive
More photos at
Ja otan Netflixin
Morning
on 25th wed anniv of my parents, i want them to renew their vows in a church wedding.
ohhhhh were a little bit of both
Good looking lad mutually agreed. Excited to see him play though myself
Day 2
Yipeee
ok thankyou
Good Morning
Soon!!
on Facebook, Instagram, try to search this shop "Kpopped shop PH" I ordered my konbat here
I was so jelly was heading to HIhaha you look good boo.. getcho eva on
I feeling quite well today and then I saw this and I feel better already. Thank you
Johnny English! And cool
Busan gureumdan's great thinking!
We don't want anything to happen with our seongwoonie now, do we?
Okay I will!!! Thanks guys
I'm ready for December
Alam ko na ill DM you na lang for you to know me game? gooow
Nothing back means it true
OH hey, Ohio!
Girl alam mo, ang insecure mo Why do you even bother or wasting your time on hating ashley?If you
I'm so sick of love songs. So tired of tears. So tired of wishing that you are still here xx
Thank you so much
... ich wollte ja schon immer mal Indiana Jones sein. Und Du so?
Hmm I might have some somewhere
happy birthday
bakit sobrang gwapo mo Lucho
going hiking on Wednesday. just know how excited I am about that
No me pasa nada
We're painting pumpkins today
New friends from China at Sial Paris
Thank you
Thank you
aww thank you po!!
Oh stop it you
Even if you do who cares ! Be happy you wrong if you move on !
Haters gonna hate. There are PLENTY of people who love it - including me.
Love it looks like everyone was having themselves a great time.
LORD IKAW NA PO BAHALA SAKIN
IS THIS REALLY HAPPENING ??? OMG WHAT A COINCIDENCE ! ITS MY BIRTHDAY TOO Happy Birthday Allen
Nope
My Goddess is here
Seoul National University Hallyu Dream Contribution Concert' held at Seoul National
Grab your rod, it's fishing time! (30 Photos)
Looks happy to be here
a good affirmation for the day
Yeeeeyyyy! Super excited!
You can have the browser shortcut in your phone home page... that's what I do and it works fine for me hehe
Kindly respond to dm
My sarcasm game has to improve obviously.
And I m Aron RT bot too..Trying to get him in top 100 ranking list
So proud of them They deserve it so much
Thank you dear!
Happy birthday
Afternoon Twitter world vibes are on Happy Sunday
Thank you Helena.
Sundays are for snuggling
So lay the LOVE on me !!!
DM me and I'll send you the key
If I win the Mega you will be mine, my pretty
Do you know any good bts aus that i can read?? You can just put the account or link below cuz iam bored af
Ok I will
Korean Most stream platform is YouTube
Thank you
Lion king is definitely amazing
got a photo and some info. to send you. Where shall I send it?
I wonder who will come stand in line with me
i know you really but what i do know is that you have a heart of gold and are genuine and kind. a really good person
Parker just scored at the stroke of HT
I still buy CDs.
I wondered what had happened...... I can't grumble though as I missed the show in the first place
Don't forget the Hashtag.
not the same person I was 2 mins ago
Admin salam kenal admin mampir dong ke ceritaku
I hear ya.
Good morning everybody! Hope everybody has a really great day!
Good morning
ka photogenic ba samung miming oy
Yesss!! It was nice to see you again!
the real deal baby
How lovely
He's so gentle
Aww that's gd hope you do need to get something onto it
I tried my best comforting u, u know.
Ooops. Thats my demo.
I'm doing this out if good will. They need to know keepers are real issue.
Happiness
Thanks for the love and support!
I want you to be happier
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
You look gorgeous in that color Joy! Have a great day!
Thank you sweetheart
celebrating friendship
Thank you so much
A bit! I like that idea
The world needs more of that!
get a little more out of life! Join the community and meet up!
When u in relationship with someone who can lead you during study thats no stress at all.
RT@AdilGudzer
Thought of the Day
been bugging me who u look like n then I watched friends earlier
beautiful
Hahaha thanks Kent
Waiting.......charot
Best friend ko ito. HAHAHAH SKL
Thank you so much
guess I saw you earlier.
Brilliant
Sana you'll always stay pretty and never give up on dreams
Thanks alot Yousuf Allah bless you
Never come back again
Life is like a roller coaster ride. You can either scream every time there is a bump or you can throw your hands up and enjoy the ride
I'm seeing double with Andreia Contreiras (24 Photos)
Really?! Okay good to know, thank you!!
Constant reminder that you have a life other than me Not mad tho just a reminder from the universe
Uwu, thank you
Thank you love
Never mind about that Ubereats my homey got me
That day they mentioned Shehu Sani as unopposed candidate ehn my mention was like motor park
RT>
Funnily enough someone else in the industry has said no.. that's enough for me! Thank you!
a real sweet way to put it
Hi Liana, we hope that you and your family were enjoying holiday with us. Thank you for sharing many pictures
Caught 9 shiny beldum today! Evolved one into this badass 87% Metagross
Thank you Lord
welcome, thank you I will try
Got my Iced Coffee
Oh. Then you should get to subtract those because you eat them even if you wanted to.
One day, I wish we could look at people the same way we look at flowers and instantly see their vibrant, magical beauty.
But continue to mind my business tho
My Goddess is here
Seoul National University Hallyu Dream Contribution Concert' held at Seoul National
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
I enjoy black olives and Greek olives though
How have I never seen this, I love this
Mee
Would you? Thank you so much! I write across many genres. This is my first horror!
aa its okay!! nice meeting you too
It really is. And thank you We love you!
You got to meet our awesome Title I specialist and her adorable family! Lucky you
Amen! All the glory to God! Be blessed today
Let's grow old together
Thank you so much
Take it
Watching it on Sky
Thank you for 20.000 Subscribers in under 1 year
Yey nagdala chicken si alec
Aww damn it's taken most of my life to learn to love the curl. And to get the hair care regimen down
May remove the uneasy feelings. Aamin ya rabb
Hi! Afford na afford yan bes.
Yes We did it. Now iKON is in Spot No. 4
keep voting iKONICS
Eum i believe glad to know it sunbae
Inflation coming
you !
So proud of you kuya congrats agaiin
Back in bed
Just and it comes up automatically
You are welcome
So proud of you kuya congrats agaiin
Pretty Kookie
Thanks
Day by day i m getting out of captions for this man
Simply not from this planet
Champ u make batting look so
Hahah give it a chance kasi. Or itest mo yung tao a bit.
It just take the right one
Bisa di cek ya dmnya
Kohli plays carefree only because Rohit is there to take all the tension of the team
Thanks for coming Stuart. Lovely pics
3rd pic with you
See you soon. Ingat lagi
Retweet if active and ready to gain followers
Again everytime a smile.
Not comparing, just resharing!
555
sorry just for the records , just in case you don't know . Both the stories originated from India ... Chennai , India.
what do you mean
Thank you for spending the night with me! Dont make tampo na
John!!!!
It was a day or two ago, lol.
And that is very sweet of you to say. Makes
Study well hun!! u can do it hehe
IN-HOUSE LEAGUE
Brilliant from this lot today.
Soaked and not a care in the world.
Growing the love of
Thank you
That's so cool. I love such shoes but not allowed to wear that high. Mine are between 3
So cute
thanks for coming home sweetie your so precious!
I am drawing something now for a print test My computer is very slow so the biggest I can do right now is 16x24
Call me baby
Looking great
Oh no thank you for this beautiful picture
Oh hello Sunday What a gorgeous day here in Nottingham. Is it as nice where you are?
.
.
say yes if they have NDA say no if they are in fact working together as that would mean deception to market
To add,
Not everyone thinks with logic as you do
Not comparing, just resharing!
Girl, I congratulate you on your choice of beer!
You cannot whack a Corona in the sun!
Cheers to you both...
Wobbly Pan at Shang mall
The plans are gingerbread and a chocolate molten cake!
NEVER MIND THOSE UGLY HATERS OF YOURS
-FANNNIMOTONGNAAPAKASA7HIGHTILLNOW Thank u
Hello mama mary Baguio City
You must make a decision: Do you want to be friend? Or, do you want to be the friend? You be both.
(James 4:4)
Oh hello chako ek hor number 36 take a bow king kohli
Most people in America speak Spanish, it's just not as prevalent in the United States and Canada.
Lazy day with my man and littlest baby
Practice daily
humfit_toh_indiafit
My Sunday just got better
ohh thanks for the info
ictin yani?
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off
Big Ten Recap: Michigan Sweeps Northwestern; Illinois Wins follow me please
Proud to be a headbanger!
This is a great article and just so you know, you can sign up and read premium for 30
flow charts of physiology cascade for better visualization
Update will be done in about 5 minutes
They're very comfy - I have the green one
Kittay picture
Have a fab time Phil our dancing next weekend two on the trot
Hey if anyone is out there & still likes me:
Does anyone have a code for please?!
Thanks xoxo
Haha sige sige
Ms. Anita Baker this morning
I hope you had fun and a nice day.
Dealer Package for 2998/3998/8994 pesos
Retailer Package for 499,799,999,1388 pesos
Avail now
On Hand
TPC E loading Business
Aww. Thank you!
Come to party next Saturday! def be the bent neck lady
As you wish my love
Pop Quiz Who can solve this??
Mi piggies are so cute, so cute as trash
Have a good day
Madam Sitang
credits to my friend
Thank you, Aena. You seem nice as well. I hope that I can get to know you.
Happy Sunday everyone!
They are getting a taste of their own medicine
Doesnt feel too good does it!?!?!
Love,supermoon
.
.
Who knows right what will happen next
Heheheheh thank you Aminnnn
Early enough that I might drop in, granted that nothing else comes in the way! Hope to see you then!
I need top only live in tharkaya
Very hungry
ang competitive masyado sa paglaro ng Jenga
: ctto sa owners ng photos
relate, You get what you give me you fold? Imma fold right with you
have a morning dance party
I thought you might be giving me a retirement hobby idea.
I think I'll do a better job helping my own species.
Very! Reflective commentary and creative writing theory Almost done, just need to trim a bit off now
Masih Avail 1slot Bo & Vcs include/ exclude room, yg minat bo / vcs silahkan Wa: 082286658031
thank you sam!
Kik me y'all if you want to roleplay or just talk
a cutie for sure
Beautiful Autumnal day today, perfect walkies with my beauties
not everyone can do everything. Thanks
Add my Friend On
0130 0939 3960
Thank you, I can't understand it clearly so you're a big help.
Tout le monde demande du Huawei ! Ce serait vraiment cool
God can turn problems into blessings. So turn your worries into worship.
Just take the right turn and you at mine
Loving after 2 days playing. So question. What are your favourited servers? Hit me up please Haven't
FOLLOW ME
Thanks for your support guys
Thanks for
Morning
Yoruba or Edo bride???
P120.00 only. Pm for orders!
I've tried this brand and it was so good. Ganda ng pigment niya.
Haters gonna hate.
Preloved clothes and pants fo sale. Hehehe check niuo wall ko sa fb
It was lovely to meet and chat with Patron at the today
Looks great fun.. Would you recommend it?.. Ps. You still always manage to look fit as! X
Proud of you too anna for what you did too
Thank you Milou, a lovely sunday to you too
Thank you
Grateful for my son and I finally joining my husband. Peace of mind
You can view my pinned tweet for the thread of performance
Pazar halleri
Medra
Goodnight
Singing time
Epic breakfast
November 19. Scorpios!!
U r putting me on a spot_ I feel like hiding under an umbrella
Thanks
Your garden is so beautiful and relaxing looking
No no it's ok for me
Thank you
Yaay. Hahaha
To the happy person you will be Eey let's cheers to that
Emma
Giraffes look so innocent
finally my midterm break was productive, thanks self
It's the smile!
are my fav because we lay on the couch and cuddle and Daniel rubs my feet and legs all day long
Sana ur happy na even tho im not the reason anymore
Sorry bc im not the one for you but believe me i tried
I found a twitter account na sobra ka worth it basahon ang mga tweets! Yes, It's you
Nice walk around Severndroog castle today near where we live!
Glad u enjoyed ur first concert. I know never forget that night.
Sure anju of d weeks he will be nominated
Thanks a lot for d support n appreciated. Will let u know da
Thank you
Hi Angela, Loss of Innocence at 22:10 tonight on the channel.
And one day someone's son will do the same to your daughter
idk what to say tbh but good luck haim studies
THANK YOU
gotten so many compliments on my baby mocs this week my heart is soooo happy
Sharing some of the fun at our Halloween party for kindergarteners!
Wishing everyone a wonderful Sunday!
Sarcasm, coffee, red wine and dark chocolate! Life is good
See you in Palawan hopefully! be there next weekend for El Nido!
supporting you
Lain2 ug problema ang tao. Stop comparing yourself to others kay for sure theyre going through something pud. Focus on your own problems!
Thank you
I knew I liked you! enjoying my first cup, with two and three to follow as per usual!
Bah go alors
Sunday well spent with chubby cheeks
Best community day ever for me 11 shiny
And thank YOU for taking care of the matters that matter.
Bye twt
Cute mo I know right
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
Awww so we aren't the only ones so adorable
Cute cute nila duha uyyyy ga smile ragyud ko the whole time sa ilang prod
at least make we test am
Thats looks lovely, i live right on a forest and love views like this
Indeed...worth emulating
Awww too sweet But I agree, I think Sam needs to drop out of nursing and be a photographer fur sure
Is now
Thanks for watching
Thanks
Great to have you Mark
I'll send you too
Thank you
Hi everyone! I wanted to check in and give an update (I posted on my stories & my personal IG/FB but not
Ty Chip
I like the shirt
Getting ready to rock the crop! Come join us and help support a wonderful cause!
i wanna see this
Great picture! Looking forward to meeting Victor in Savannah.
Yeah me too
Well then you have never meet
Lool thank you
yes! Check ko tom. Thanks!
numbers are dropping Ronnie another fail of 2k at least fortnite B04 is here thanks and goodbye and
harakhak nman eh.. happy birthday p
Students this is worth doing. ..take a look
Do it then !!!!.....just me and my buddy
Happy Birthday
OFFICIAL || 181021 with Taeil at NCT_OFFICIAL_JP's twitter update
I follow back!
Lahat ng tao mahalaga, you have family and friends you're presence means a lot
Have a fab day
My Person
When your customers send you a picture it would be rude not to post it! Taken by one of our favourites
.
.
.
.
So lovely
Hello! It's okay to be late. Thank you very much for this!
Well, Nobody Does It Better!
You re welcome what does UWU means ?
Of course, here is it
had so much fun talking to u
Ey stalker, just follow me. Im dying to know you yknow.
Mine bro
What a difference at the start line makes. Today, I won the half marathon rematch!
Ey stalker, just follow me. Im dying to know you yknow.
Yup cover. But only on weekend
Thank you he jump at the moment and his sis knows it a torment
Thanks cam!
No problem Alice
I bet!
Glad I got to spend Sweetest Day with my guy! Thank you for all that you do for our little family! Lake Freeman
De nada btw your definition of ugly and mine are two completely different ones and I'm pretty sure your's is wrong haha
Always choose a faithful man.
Hi pls reply to me
Alhmdullilah mjhe bht mkhlis dost mile or rishta dar...or mkhlis b rhe hm dsro k sth
But I hope you registered
Believe in God; believe in yourself believe in your dreams I believe in your dreams have a wonderful Sunday
No matter what
-Calumn Scott
Good memory
Thank you!
Hard work will never betray you, perseverance and doing what you love will always keep you going
E batla motho a lebile di series
Hahaha. To produce inputs must be there too. To
Hehe, its okay, unnie! I'm here if you need anything too.
Send us a DM and we'll investigate this further! -Julien
Happy
Stand Up Girl know your worth.
Even if the booty little still grab it
Thank you.
Thanks for the info
You can always move here
Will reply you for this post in future and you are going to love it
Get you a man let you paint his toenails
GIF by me
lol. you have a wonderful Sunday my dear
Ouens, check my choco biscuits, coming now.
Yes sir, you would be correct. from Alberta.
Although, Ontario and Quebec just
Cash app me $Chimari
Scholzie F!!!! Thank you these pics are great hahaha
Thank you gorgeous.
Are u talking to me or what ? Because if so the CE is dope
I would never. very anti-spoilers
Hes nice . A maknae tooo
So 3 vacation next year
Good morning!
morning
Your words a definite delight. It flows through veins once barren and suddenly finds flight into the light.
She did it Oh yay!!
merci paris
Hahaha aray ku almost half the age lang ba besh
merhaba
: friendlyy & nerd hehe
: 2/10
: hiii kuyaaa!! hopee u're doing well sa shs lifeee balik2
Thank you for this amazing week end See you in London
Smile
That is one of the more profound Pearls. I actually said, "Whoah!"
Smile
Thank you
you're welcome
Thanks for the heads up,noted
merci paris
That if you trust in God, he will turn your sorrows into joy
He truly makes all things beautiful in his time
BTS_twt: merci paris
I noticed that too. scared.
Sohbet edecek da geldi
Those things would be extremely weird... like no thank you weird
You're right, though... it is funny.
to gatinha
I will try
we'll always be here, jayn we admire you for being and staying strong love youuu!!!
No apology needed! was fantastic, she? Hope enjoying the weekend
Made me smile
Good morning everyone doing?
a great day
church with family and the rest of my day to spend with my hood rat friends happy sunday!
Because people ain't shit
Thanks for the RT
Forced to stay here by The Cat
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
do you own a pet? I personally do, I own a dog
-May
one of my dream
Hey guys! How much would you spend at a trade fair?
Pls answer and RT.
NAAAAA NA BUANG NA AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA KANTAHI SAD KOS AKONG FAV. SONG AH
IDDIGA0CA
Sunday afternoon walk along the beach to blow away the cobwebs
A bit like the dreaded, Leave red bus then?
They still hold bourbon, right? Despite being from Scotland.
Kuala Lumpur assuming I can find a bar that's playing it
Balhin oyyyy. Magkita lng ta didto few years from now
My Lou-Anne btw and from France
sa cavite mumsh
It's not a simple accommodation!
It's a way of life!!
wait to get dolled up this week and have some fun
You're welcome it's one of those important things I think people need to be reminded of time to time
Got my ticket yesterday for Cardiff
Pls wish your maniac it's his birthday today
Hello, 7 angels that put a smile on my face every day
You've been working really hard and we
maravilhosa
Allez midi rugby
Nothing better than sipping coffee outside on my patio
Que fofuxo, assim eu morro de amores
Jungkook
October:- NTLTC
also, do u ship internationally? Yes, we ship worldwide
-May
And He said... "your faith has made you well; go in peace." -Luke 8:48
3 years of growing up
Is denied by me!
Hope you guys happy ever after
it a weekend until i get some unexpected visitors
That smile tho
You never fail to make Noona's heart happy
Thanks for the shaadi invite
Ahh thanks
Thank you!
Autumn makes for the most inviting pathways
Young mum distracts potentially fractious child:
'Oh look at those leaves fluttering and falling Joe....they're dancing !'
Congrats
Thank you very much!
Yes sooo much !!!! Thank you!
It was magical... I'm sure they will be back and you will see them too !!
Thanks Tay
wow heart breaking if they know what I've been done, but that's not important
everything will be ok in the end. if its not ok, then its not the end
Good night!
Twas great to see and hug you, Sharon
You can do better than this my Abjam. I'm so excited for your play. HAHAHAHA
i leave in a hour
wrong with the other emoji sjsjs what did ever do to you
Congratulations minions
Yup! I stream pretty much every day :D I should start today in like 4-5 hours
Thank God for your life tonight. For your health, your family, or your home. Many people don't have these things.
as always
Haha not sure if I'm the right one for that but I am trying to become a more positive person. I've been doing well lately
Thank you so much
Totally agree with you
< Joon really deleted his tweet just to change to . >
I finally have a Sunday with no plans, other than to spend a relaxing day at home!!
why would namjoon change the emoji from this to this
May mga ideas po ako for content Not necessarily for 3am challenge . Tara, brainstorm
Thank you all. I understood from that tweet that he was arrested now
I have corrected it
I love how it uses the Dracula theme at the transformation! And great seeing Jonsy.
on the way to my hair appointment
I'm only here to spread the joy!
Hooray for today!
I know a few lasses that don't like that...
In Birmingham tonight?
Come down to The Sunflower Lounge. I'm performing from 7:30pm. tickets.
King and saw
Title of movie
what's with 21? hahaha anw congrats ulit kahit 3years ago na yan forever yan nasa history ng btob
Aww so sweet of you.
Thank you
Amin... thank youuu
Thank You !
welcome
Forgive you
Thank you x
It's true, we're
Now that a smile to get up in the morning have a amazing morning and God Bless
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
Happy birthday homie it's a good he for sure!
i literally hate you
I think this a sign. Okaaay
hi king, so excited for mono
People will always remember the bad things you've done rather than the good things you did. That's the life consequence.
somebody bring me Waffle House. thanks
And thanks for making the game, Can't wait for your next game(s)!
I hate them
Goodboy. Thought I have to come set clemson on fire but you and my Lesley are okay so nvm
Thanks guys!
Get to watch get his hall of fame ring today and I be more happy
ALDEN
: ctto po sa owners ng photo
Hey, Guys! Coming online in about 15-30 minutes
Hello Follow the first 200 to Retweet/Like
Mmm ... It's sunday! - time for relax
~
Rm looking cute always with that dimples
Gracias
thank you to exist
Check us out on IG be glad you did
Thanks Katy! I have to admit I think so too.
are there any music lessons tomorrow after school and is ensemble on?
Calling on my people
Hola mis bellos twitteros que tengan un feliz domingo
Ready for Mono
merci bts
DU LOUVRE
worry less
smile more
this is western series po pero brooklyn 99 a great series u won't regret it po
Samesies.
Good morning love My cashappp is in my bio
How old is old?
[1/2] this would depend on where you are, Bjorn if you'd like to pop over your postcode, we could
Hi Britt how are you?! Haven't talked to you in a while . Have a good day, whatever you do .
hewwo! temporarily pausing on new gos so i have to decline requests stay tuned for pasabuys tho!
Enjoy your rest time.. May all the happiness come to you
Hello there beautiful
Love your Afrikaans
Thank you Steve sorry for late reply,
be pleased to learn a lot from you.
Alhamdulillah
Jumpa di Final
I want to make new friends
8.5 lbs 21 inches
Made yummy stir fry! Just needed cashews!
Great morning Royals this is the last birthday of October
Please wish Eden a happy 5th birthday
Can you be quick when answering dms please x We are try our best
-May
ICYMI: Check out the hashtag for all of great advice
I can imagine, looks beautiful there
Thank you
Oh hursh. No thanks needed.
live and let go
That's just as it should be!
Nice sunrise.
Ok, thank you for getting back to me so quickly!
Beautiful my baby
Yea, she really is a one-of-a-kind girl, no question
I'm tired and my legs hurt
He said Cute.
Thank you Lo
How are you doing Namjoon
That's not right....so we've got some snow & are waiting to be asked
You are strong! I hope you get better take care of you!
always good to look back once in a while and see how far you have come ..
Thnx
Domingo Cute!
You're beautiful. With that smile you looks more prettier
This made me smile!
Forgot going cinema this evening
It's window open all day weather!
thanks Eri! You remember Desi from the Another Rabbit session, right?
On signe ou ?
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off
Let me get up and get us dressed fall festival with the kiddies today
Who's ready for the Continue tour here in the Philippines???? Raise your konbats iKONICS
so happy for you bro!
That actually explains a lot
MERCI AT YOU NAMJOON!! I am glad you made my Paris army happy be waiting for you guys in the south of France
Hi RM i wish yall are going to rest well and work hard. Stay healthy. Remember we are always here for yall
Just enjoy and relax.....
Can't believe it's late October ...
Take care
have a blessed day!
When your man decide which emoji is better so he post it twice
Onto the next one in the series..
Mam kindly request to atleast answer for this Q plzzzz.. This is for you fans Mam
I wish i was there to see you...May be Next time...or not..but i still love you
Meee! Please
Nice capture of the visitor centre - thanks for sharing!
he really did change the to ...so in love right now i even BREATHE
Put your order here .beaute
Thank you
Love baby in this versi NIGHT now
Thanks man
Thanks, Julie. We'll share this with the shop
What is your price limit? Our price limit is
-May
My sweetie love, i hope you are happy! Have fun
Day6! And my bias is Young K
Thank You!
Thank you very much for releasing this great music on my Birthday!
It was one of the best gifts That i ever had.
I love you please rest well
It is thank you
Video Edit
Version
Thank you
I can't add you because your DM is closed you should open it in order for me to add you
Kim Daily in Paris Thank you for nice photos, Namjoon Have a safe flight back to Seoul I miss youuuu
Never argue with me unless u have a nice teeth hunni
No worries man! Enjoy
Hey joonie I love you so much thank you for everything and looking forward to listen to mono in a few days
Lord, I am expecting great things from you. I believe na papasa sa boards si Winsy.
Francesca's!
Ilavarasi turns 05 tmrw
Anarchists For Public Institutions is a group I would join.
I bet you do. I traveled to Bradford 3 times from Birmingham to see the show 7 times a little
Love my beautiful new elephant design leather notebook perfect for journaling
thanks for following back I saw your Instagram too, looks like you're living the dream!
I don't mind. I am not so good yet cause I just started not long ago.
We can play anytime.
more of a side view than a restricted view, but I know what you mean!
It always makes me happy when you and SVP are together on my TV screen.
merci kim namjoon for blessing our day with this aesthetic pics
Goodluck Sa Exam Tommorow Urians
Your father was a great man and still is because of his beliefs.
Gotta smile through it all!!!
How does she have this much Love to transport into all of us....she must be a tired girl
Century for
Thank you
Not at all was just letting it be known
Keep healthy, boy. All my best wishes for you
You're truly an inspiration sir
to
yup! your entry has been counted don't worry!
Ooohhh yes and another goal Manchester City 4-0
Fighting!!!
Thank you!
Ohh yeah mom told me that she wantto meet with my boyfrnd... So come back soon
You can come again whenever you want ! You will always be the welcomes La France vous aime
HAHAHAHAH try it out
Thank you po!
Find ! He is at the Stadium Watching Seve, Il Capitano, is whit him
Someone's future WIFE & PEACE!
~Dallas/Houston Multi-entrepreneur &
Driving home from Maine and Mark fills my tank for me a true fucking gentlemen, I love this guy and the little things he does for me
Safe journey and comeback soon
you look so handsome i love you
What a beautiful day Perfect for relaxing with
Non stop jog
6 lapses w 10 sit up
continue because raining
This Tues/Wed/Thurs (week10) maybe
Love this song
You look beautiful Namjoon
Thank you for the pics
We love you a lot!
Please stay
SALE SALE SALE SALE SOFT ICE CREAM MACHINE
Ibaligya para naay pang walwal chaarot lang
pm me sa interested
Hahaha tama tama gonna be real
I hope you had time to visit the Eiffel Tower Namjoonie
Thanks ever so much. She certainly is.
Listening to this sunny Sunday morning. Guru was 1 of my fave MCs. Yeah I said MC.
Waiting for run out
Kohli man will do selflessly
When last did you do something really compassionate and kind for someone without anything in return?
I'm so happy we finally got our picture together it was so wonderful listening to you
where I am today
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Your welcome
I wish!!! But thank you
so just a heads up if anyone wins this lottery this tuesday.. just remember sharing is caring
I live for his dimple smile
j want same in blue
Closely followed by Fight Club
happy birthday and God bless you always
Omg I love it
Sunday Funday Long Run done. Easy 6 miles Felt good to be outside running my regular routes
Stew or Sauce
Here is my Screenshot
India will win definitely.
Hihi
Thank you
Thank you for making me smile everyday Please find the time to rest your health is more important than anything
Everybody makes mistakes
worry, he loves loves loves loves you even more than you think
De rien Namjoon
It was really a pleasure to see and listen you. I hope to see you next year
Mam kindly request to atleast answer for this Q plzzzz.. This is for you fans Mam
Thank you Mesh! See you around rmt
Thanks Lyn for all those tips
the emoji deserve this slander
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Circles of the street lights Marikina City
Rick only knows one song so when he's done that, shoot off!
Thank you! Have sent husband on the search - fingers crossed
Hey joonie I love you so much thank you for everything and looking forward to mono in a few days
Advance Happy Birthday mahal! U know how much iloveyou Basta thankful ako sa lahat almost 3yrs na din
I'm so so happy for you Linden ! Can't wait to know more and to see this new project All my love
Thanks jare I will. Happy Sunday
ayooo debut
[10.21.2018.]
Thanks for FB
Can't wait for Namjoon
You look so happy and beautiful! Thank you for helping me learn how to
Who boo??
thanks Giuseppe!! X
Comin' to the SOON!
Worst Solo Player On Fortnite| Season 6 Grind| via
What we've said? life as an ARMY might harsh and difficult, but we always get a certain happiness
Lovely
Pumpkin scones and lots of pumpkin soup in the freezer - with us having had soup n scones for lunch
BTC mascot . Like Mario for Nintendo or Sonic for Sega
yeay, thanks so much for subbing it and take your time
[#TRAD] Obrigado Paris
They do, like Aphids (Stink Bugs)
Good Night
glad you enjoyed Paris, dear! sure even more beautiful in person. also glad you all
See you in a few days buddy.
Are you going to sell any?!
Hey joon i hope you have a great time!
Omg I love it
Remove donita at tekla. Make it pure Music Tambayan!
Hoy TT para ayudar a las ronderitas chilenas
gotten a total of like 3 hours of sleep and my head is still killing me
Germany
Omg puro good replies sige sige
God and God Alone
Your words are my strength. Thank you Lord!
It's Asexual awareness week!!! Yep! We exist!
iPhone Battery: 100% - 80% - 60% - 40% - 30% - 20% - 10% - 5% - 1% - 0% -
happy birthday
Hope your all dreams come true
1st in jumping
The best president who i know
pls help rt!
Gracias
If not meant to be. Let it go. Bagac, Bataan
We're so sorry to hear this! Please send us a DM and we can look into this for you
Achaa stress reduce krdona aur sb see zaroori be honest with yourself
Yes, it really is How's your day? What you up to?
Thanks for out with us! Glad you had fun
Sounds wonderful! Enjoy every minute you get!
Supreme word se darr lagta hain
Lol ohbaapre. I was actually being a miserable cow. I should do that more often. (Thank you )
That sounds good. Have fun
Thanks for the feature
Thanks!!!
I agree & would add the lovely people of Liverpool & Grimsby!
Who else just breathed and got blocked by these people
Lets be moots uwu
Glad you chaps are all well now
how are you bby?
Yes fab city Rod, lots of steps too, good practice for China
thank you
Looking handsome as usual Namjoon. Keep up the great work and get some rest.
You were so amazing Jin do stay safe and healthy
Reposting - via
Thank you Mr President.
Horses and Dogs.
haha so cute! i followed
Thank you
He set an alarm just to wake me up. So much appreciated. Thank uu!!
Happy Sunday peeps. Home made crumble going in
Worlds worst possible mood
Thank you!!!!
itzmebbb
YES, he did!
It's good because it's coffee time
Beautiful photoI feel the crispness of the air.
Austin keeps me so warm swear makes me never wanna get up outta bed
//Twitter//
Gracias
I would be full from the starters enjoy
Awesome
Pyri sweeto beautiful czn.
I feel so much better after I come from church
I am beautiful...
You are so welcome, as always
Buen Mundilloooo
A disfrutar el domingo y seguir estudiando.
Love and Peace!
Thank uuu
Muchas gracias!
Good morning Terry! Thanks I am & hope you are too
can't choose! Replay vs SHINee SHINee. Will place my order soon!
Great photo.
hope having a fantabulous weekend. x
to you it is.
My mommy always makes my day
Good plan! How are you getting on with it?
Grateful to catch up on all of your beautiful moments Thank you for sharing They really do
Uyandrn hadi
take care!!
We are always here to provide the 411 on all the awesomeness your Metro By T-Mobile has to provide.
only if you want me too
Allow me to lend you a hand, bra (40 Photos)
well worth reading - I was hooked from the first page!
at this point in life, you're doing better than me.
get you a toy, for Christmas.
Alone we can do so little,
Together we can do so much.
- Helen Keller
.
What a great team
Sounded fantastic as you went past us on the Downs...
Wow. Good motivation.
Bhai hi bhaion Ka kheal rakhte Hain
I have them buy for me
COME TO GREECE Nice VIEW
Glad we can bring you all together
-->
watch it again and again
Amazing!
we're all still actual children and i hate my members! fun times.
Another one Here we go.
I don't mind at all!!! We could tell each other stories about our kids.
Look at you!! Do you have some more pics? Greets
Joonie, you look great as always take care! Luvyah!
Will do
Ssa Di tuci aajo na big boss vich ik waar fer
Yuya rescuing Emma from the waves
This is my new twitter account , maghimo tag bag.o before mablock akung isa ka twitter
Yeah she's the one I like the most
ayieeut thanks thanks po
Sige sir
for the safety reason
Wow, absolutely amazing
Nice outfit - love the daisies
Boleh, add ya
Thx
u have a great dad!
They had to do something Brighton were going to score any minute, they still are attacking City now
hey Matt pop over your UK postcode and we'll check for any issues >FC
shhhhh lahat tayo may kwenta, God has a plan for everything Sammy trust him
Get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off your order with
Hanggang tingin na lang ako sa mga pictures ng fans with Jericho Arceo Hope I would meet you in person,
I hope you too love! dont overwork yourself and rest if you have time. see you
I've got 13, so I'd love if we both nailed it. Keep me posted on how you get on.
Thank you for the feature
Anything for team's benefit
always gonna drive so I can dip when I get ready to go
You choosing Me over everything
....and always happy and smiling.
Man... been there and done that. Now I have a whole ring
Thanks guys.. Y'all already working hard and give us the best
how's philip daniel doing?
Every so often you spot the voice of reason on Twitter below the other comments.
Warm and comfortable
u r blessed
So true. Why select one item when you can have the whole package.
Joon is truly a beautiful human being
I liked a video Joann & Tuesday Morning Haul!
& got a lot accomplished
Better pull up for this plate too
Erfolgreicher CDay in Karlsruhe
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Told some country fans this weekend they should check out feels so good to let others know how amazing his music is
See
First live college hockey game and it was a blast!!! Cherry on top, my son played
So sieht's aus
Thank you Hilton!
It's Going to Be a Good Day!!
just letting you know now... this will be what we do when we see each other for the next 20 years
8 SLOTS LEFT FOR RESERVATION OF STICKERS
Just fill out the google form quick
hahahaha syempre naman
Hopet to bond with you too ililibre nyo pa ko
Siya ay SEEN-tunado pero uuwi with 15,000 pesos at may boyfriend pa!
Panalong-panalo ah.
Glad you had a great time
2 weeks until I get to stand by my sisters side / best friend and watch her get married . Words describe how excited I am
SELAMAT MALAM ABANG NAMJOON
Thank you Namjoon Hope you guys have an easy & safe journey home to Korea. Looking forward to mono too! Luv u!
21.10.2018 Great Project BD For KristPerawat
It's good to be back
this bitch told me done playing LMAO if only you knew
Take the rabbits there!
Man without beard is like lion without mane
Haha! Come over...I get you
Want to know why my TL is always so peaceful and pretty?
This
USE IT!
Thankyou mate and yes hopefully one day
Ang tindi ng focus ni Jack Sparrow
thank u so much
I will definitely convey ur wishes
Aww thank you Mam Jumx
Aww thank you!!
He's a proud father
Esok nak meeting pbl yet my lazy ass still prepared anything
Sedap pun sedap, murah pun murah. 1 pack RM1.00
Hello bae. Cant wait for your And congrats for your great Europe and American tour
It makes sense why I like you too love the new avi btw
I really Love this Commercial of ManuLife... hmmmm.. nkakaTouch e!
Paborito namin dito sa House of Chicken eh
Happy Sunday
Not even sorry for the filter.
Hello Namjoon
Stay healthy
A huge respect to this guy.
He is playing Nation Anthem of Nepal.
Share it with your friends
Happy Birthday MBTC
we are excited for mono, baby! looking forward on it. we love youuu, take some rest
Congrats Engr. Isabel D. Gonzales!!! Papicture sayo next week ha...
Ahh beh non
bro come fast and blow the one day series vs West Indies.
Amazing to watch
Jgh
Gracias marta
Well she's with us Thursday
I love stuff like this. Thanks bhuti
Hope to win this
You're welcome
Thank you Mam Kar you werent there!!
One person always makes me happy
My greatest accomplishments are my boys
60gig
I have my notifications on!
Yes... It's very true Swamiji. . Jay Gurudev
really amazing
Looks interesting. Tell me about it later.
All of the grandkids with our GiGi
Ellipses matter "..."
No problem! I totally fangirled for 2 weeks and picked up information the cast
Well done you! be 10 years free of the ciggies in January Keep it up, because if I could do it then you can do it! xxx
merci paris
merci RM NamJoon
Hehe a tube
But that's what a democracy is all about.
Yagats ta fyi wa ko ga maoy
20th ODI hundred for Rohit Sharma
1st vs WI
Thalaivaaa Neee vera level
Slot full. Thank you everyone!
True. He has them.
Thanks Mary
Another beautiful morning in Black Hawk...have a great Sunday everyone!
we can check your 4G coverage if you'd like, Bjorn? just pop over the postcode >FC
Thank you
Your stories make my heart warm
I've met some good old friends. Talking to them after a long time was good, it made me happy.
Good morning
very welcome
Danke
Its a good mirror
switching my car up by December & I caaannnoot wait
Ana a7bich allo2
Yes! We brought loads of cute things for our new flat We used the ikea members card too, which was exciting!
im planning to buy cute band aids tomorrow and wear it to school because its hanbin's birthday
Please we are everywhere
Can anyone help a girl out?
I kept on visiting ur timeline just to read that tweet again and again, and it makes my heart flatter can't help
I can't vote but if anyone is in the UK, please vote for him thanks
This is cool for you girls! so happy for you all!
Hey Dana; website update is almost done and you should be able to access this post now
And surrounded by board games... beautiful little allegory
Thank you so much for coming in France the 19th october was the best day of my life
I love this
Adorable Thx Susan
So happy about these wonderful pics each Saturday
Enjoy your Sunday
.
.
Repost Bagel King
Just saw Ohio St got mollywhopped last night.
Well so awesome!! You can tell him next time you speak with him that we love his resto and hospitality!
That Palette & Lipstick tho Gorgeous Autumnal Colours - lovely Giveaway
Your last instagram photo That looks like heaven.
merci namjoon
Yes true
Anjo, sdv?
You do best for you & Sophie! Anyone opinion is irrelevant
I Love you baby
I went to ningning's weibo today and found out yiyang already sign w a entertainment in china I'm so happy for her
Might as well fix me some breakfast
oi
Thank you. Happy Weekend to you.
Nba
Mmmmm, yessss.
What's the question?
I'm guessing your conversing with Wee Owen.....he has 97% of Twitter blocked.
Happy sunday
hello aunty Hello uncle how are you ghutno ka dard kaisa hai
Done with my laundry duty..
Kinda tired but I'm good
Dear Great Pumpkin.....
Hahaha nvm lia. Do good and good things will come to u.
Sunday Sunshine
I feel so much better now Thanks to you
Joined
On a totally note im getting my gun soon
See you on 4 days after tonight.
Will try ate. Will try
Gracias!
Good afternoon People, How is Your sunday so far
Thank you for wrapping the most beautiful concert tour in North America and Europe till we meet again
Mask off!!!!!
Thank you
Run me my money
Bro now its backwards compatible
No more branded until next year.
Highly entertaining show! Such a comical and kind hearted soul...
Want to know what else was iconic? You, the person who posts all these captions/tweets.
Zimmer ist
all I drink
I would still choose flowers over this
Yo Sammy! yup, it's been a while. How are you?
itachi en mek c grv mn type just comm c my bff je gard mes distances
You better believe I was so glad you were wrong
We can do this! Alright?
ARMY
No problem! I try my best good luck and if you're need anything just holler
It helps you ease the pain
working at 4, come and visit me
Acads is LIFER!
Yay! Another insect thermal biology talk! (from lab) is talking about whether
Do a fly over of Mexico
I saw you! When you chatted with Carmi haha! I was shy to come up so I just stared at you guys like a creep
You too
Thank you so much
Love you a lot! HUGE FAN since forever
Sayad.thyeana
Me and my dad
My latest post.
The Griptok can be pressed, please refer to picture
Complete strangers were more excited & supportive of my event than my own people lmaoooooooo noted
Ready for the new week?
We are all Christine fans here
Morning in Photo Steinar Henriksen
A - please do this and fight the good fight x
Ready to take my braids out
I look forward to arriving in Japan to visit them
Some lovely writing in this
It's me
Enjoy
Sounds so good
Allahuma Aamiin . Welcome
Current $IOTA price: $0.50
We verified that Binance is accepting new users!
Yea, but he's not my jam really. Prefer some Vin Diesel, Rock, Chris Pratt
hello! do you have any recommendations for a set of kitchen knives for at home please
thanks
Bless you for this
If at first you don't succeed.
Fix your ponytail and try again.
A great European mission 's started! impressive indeed!
all I ever need in life, so just a little gift to show that.... with me foreverrrrrrrrr!!!! Love ya
Thank you
Thanks
Hey. Will you dm back? yep why not
Fucking raging he was
How to be Juanito Alfonso?
"You can't"
Demonyo na rin
Happy Sunday everyone
Wow. So beautiful.
I'm glad you enjoyed your day
No problem! If you need just ask
genuinely not interested in fake people, no time or energy to care but remove urself from my life pls
RM working hard so proud
im praying for ur happiness din po
We?
Helloow are you well?
Merci
happy belated bday my bday was also yesterday
18+ please
Anjo, sdv?
Make a difference.
Purple is a royal colour. How very fitting for a regal gal like yourself. Dilly dilly.
But for the most part I enjoyed myself in these Memphis streets and now time to get back home to my man cause baby I miss him
my birthday is creeping around the corner
Hey All I have been quiet here lately I've had alot going on in my vanilla life and have also be reassessing
.god. I could not have said it any better
You should bow before it honoring Narayana, it was the only remedy..
You never get included in anything once you have a kid. done with it I am
It's me
Thank you Cool Aides for all of these! It is such a blessing to be a part of this ministry.
Thank you
Ji
Mgr hum regular nhi likh payenge
Busy rehte hain
Jab free honge toh jarur likhenge
Awesome! Will do!
Cheer up man
Thank you
all the roaming info is available on our website, Laura here's the link for future reference >FC
LOVE YOU, NAMJOONA~!!!
I can't wait to hear your 2nd Mixtape. Take care, dear...
Such an amazing night seeing MFBTY and Junoflo live in Sydney. I hope you come back to Australia Big thank you
Your welcome, I am going to sit and watch now with a nice cuppa tea
Rest well!!!
Relax and enjoy
Awww! Congratulations Chris
I like the mood.
qotd: what books do you want to have a crossover? Tell me why too.
-
Good evening bibliophiles! Quite a late
They know last time 0th gen I missed it so tis time wait for me ... everyone at exit
thank you so much! Was lovely to chat
Feels unreal hearing my song on the radio
sometimes lives doesnt want to give you what you want, not because you dont deserve it, bcoz you deserve better
thank you
Thanks you as well
Happy birthday hope you have a good one today!
Depending the game of course . But that could fun if you a nice interaction during the game
You're a good friend, so all the best prayers and duas are for you
Do you know if there will be an article with pictures from Camille's wedding?
Thank you for your video
JOONIE you did so well thank you so much!
Did that months ago
All in my sbr playlist
I liked the ink one I did for inktober clock, but I like the digital version better
If, as they say, dodgy refereeing decisions balance themselves out over the season, the Dons have a bonanza coming!
Now famous I hope you get peace and quiet!
hi beshie haha 115 pesos lang, w/ rice na sya and onion rings hehe oo pero minimum of 2. order naaa haha
It's me
Gave away more than half of my personal belongings today. Kinda sad but VERY liberating
Eh ung tristan? Aus ba kau? We just never talked again hahaha and i think mas okay yon
LOL! So Cute!
yep, I saw this picture! I miss you and I'll see you soon.
so it is ... great Blessing from God .. Happy day for your mother
Thankyou for calling me again to serve YOU and other YOUTHS
Since first day diploma until now
Awesome! I've never seen take so many bites while filming with Chef Terranova
adorable and I may get a few
I love this Igbo names..somto and Tobechukwu...if I ever get married to an Igbo man
Abhi insta pe like Kiya!
Ab idhar.... So much trouble in life.
But this is beautiful.
that little star
In sha allah hama ae birdge mathin Mohamed Nasheed annaa neee in sha allah
Haha correct
Sooo ima make his face up
Hiya that's okay how can I here your live blog ?
Squee! Thank you love seeing these pics. Jackie the Jet Lee was looking great too
Being able to show tweets instead of sending them to him is a different kind of happiness I love when home
It's me
Yeah switched degrees
You beautiful human being, thank you for blessing us with your existence and soon the MIXTAPE
Anjo, sdv?
I have a date Friday My first one in yearssss
Pa dm po
I seen my brother last nightand Ian seen him in 3 years man I was smiling hard messed up when they let him free
hemos salido a comprar el pan
Buen provecho
Another Day! Another Match! Another by Captain aka King for !
Ham and pineapple is quite tasty, but nothing beats go ol pepperoni.
Awww naive cute
But I'm a changed person now
Thank you too
My munchkin is turning 23 ... with her raggedy self
my moma want me to go yo the classic w/ her to tailgate & im going
Keep it simple
Going to make some homemade soup today
Your Wish
I put a spell on you and now I have a good day
My pleasure!
Take care of your health there
Oppa!!
Pretty nice art work!
Can't wait for GGV!
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
Thnx
love this, Liz! Great 3 minute read
Thanks again Robbie and happy birthday to your mom
Goood Night
Ian Goin OuTside Today ONLY For My Yoga
Rest well!
This is feeling is back..
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
It's all good! As I say, was just for the funny side of it as they made their own poke at the previous franchise operator
Thanks pet
Sunny California
You too Steph!
Cute couple
Always thankful
I wish you were here too miss you! Now you have to come to SA & see us
Loved the sweep as much as the finish!
You deserve love and you'll get it.
Good Night TwitterLoves!
i wont be that active for a couple of days since im not feeling that well rn. ill check twt every once in a while tho
Haha, but I read Jun's fancafe update. Sweet
Special player special Mr hitman treat to watch always bro u beauty sharma ji
It's great Doug
Love it Orlando downtown is jamming all the time
Yep and thankfully they updated the buyers through their website with photos and
merci beaucoup
Thank you
The beast
You are the best! Come to MN and happily row by your side
happy birthday !! mine is tomorrow
Well, this makes my Sunday. Thank you!
If it came down to it, I think Chris could take him down, he's tough cute too
It's a great song
good to hear. alright. Having a relaxing day after soggy shenanigans.
Please read my daughter's book series!
Este Jean me regalo mi amor!!! Me queda bien??
Throwback to our first ever order come a long way since this 1 whole year ago. So excited for the future.
Excited to first GIGA FRIES
After ng finals, 16 hours gumala ngayong araw!! HAHAHAH whatta productive day!
Good morning
Bello y muy feliz Domingo mis Amores, disfrutenlo Enorme
RM mono 10/23
8. a fact about my personality
im more of an observant
new friend!!
You're happy = is happy.
Should be designated an Historical Landmark.
sometimes life doesn't give you what you want, not because you don't deserve it.
Bcoz you deserve better
Hello there
& Bhabhi
Milk I hope
from very cold today
Took these especially for Hash House A Go Go
That looks good, can you bring it to me?
This was our first win. I'm so proud of our girls!
Kohli and Sharma partnership a better love story than twilight
Thats soo good!!! Enjoy it!
Trop aimable
Goodnight
Your drunk jimmy dunne is the best in the world
slept with bae last night and twas one of the best nights he have since last last week. 12 hrs of interupted
Congrats !! You deserve it and good job to Cinema One for considering her as an Actress, not an
I am waiting the Grammy Museum episode too
"Mouth to mouth communication " wala right now. foretasting the awaited result of
Your editing skills are amazing. I love it
I lost 50 dlls. money go, money come, God taught me that
See anything
Keep it real, Blake. what Scott and I like.
Just call His name. He is always there
Merci Joonie Thank you so much for coming here, these last 2 days were beyond amazing! I hope you
I swear, his videos make my day
Good Day are you looking for best cleaning company in Bahrain.? Dont wait call us and get advantage from our
Thanks for adding more questions in my life.
Oo nak, nag volleyball din kami hehehehe
little happiness over a sticker account who followed me on ig
Wow! Amazing story telling move you up the rainbow tomorrow
Nakauwi na rin. Back to reality.. CHAR HAHAHA BAT SAD? HAPPY DAPAT!! KAYA KO 'TO!! SCHOOL WORKS KA LANG, TAO AKO!! I'M MUCH BIGGER!!
The block option is also an amazing feature!
from now on, you won't here anything from me.
Thank you!
Good listener
&
Optimistic most of the time
Matagal na po siyang rapper. it's her forte actually.
Merci Namjoon
Merci BTS
i question my worth just because you see it. bakit? sino ka ba?
Oops i almost forgot to watch this today.
Thank you!
You are such a sweetheart!
Just start already.
Ich war's NICHT.
How can I not smile with so much love ... the unconditional love of pets and kids is a true healer. Thanks
Pop quiz Who can solve this!?
Thank you Miss. Claair
You are welcome. Booyah!
And that makes those iPad flips so much easier!
Thank you
Thank you we did our best. Good luck! sure yours will turn out great!
Thank you
What a lovely photo of you all
Yes...yes I do.
Congratulations for the successful event! See you next year? Yes?
Looks amazing!
Me to I Love You
Up on the heath Lynda
Be his best friend too
Appreciate the kind words
Is it a...BAT?!
Mmm.
That looks like my kind of shop.
might object if I spent too much time, or any money, in there...
So happy
Cheers Tony
Are you okay now? Feeling well?
Cheer up!
Good morning Chester & Molly...have a great day
181021 IG update with Jueun & UNB Feeldog
Lol!
I need a coffee date
Nice trailer
Thankyou. But yook sungsook is still the best
I should have tweeted, him a happy
Do you have any sticker ready stock or preorder? Which member are you looking for? i have readystock let me
O'Reilly Auto Parts is looking for a Software Engineer Excited About JavaFX at O'Reilly Auto Parts (allows
No quality issues, the plastic container was really pointless, save money and waste
promise i cry over spilled milk
Look at that smile
Cip in hsurc nuy
Make a video if you still can!
welcome all fun memories
Thanks for the follow!
Sadya kaayo lantawon ang SK sa stage fc here hehehe
Everyday. My family is my everything
10 books for online on website ordered for lacey free delivery too
I think letters are the way to go
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 22nd TO MY BEAUTIFUL LITTLE SISTER!! SO PROUD OF YOU . LOVE YOU!!
I've been to the Louvre too It's been couple of years ago, tho.
just playing
is a cursed emoji
Waking up on Sunday Morning to Watch Rohit Sharma and Virat Kohli chase a 300+ score like that under lights is what dreams are made off!
Shhhhhh let it be
their not there Tom. Be a shame for you to be stereotyped as a thick Brexiteer...
monastery in Czech Republic
Surely !
Hopefully the model that I want wears the multi-million dollar Fantasy Bra!
Actually Athens, di ko alam kung panu mo siya ededescribe.. like how do you see him?
Happy birthday
Thank you May God bless you and thanks for your continued prayers
im thankful i've met you
Can you share specific instances? It would be interesting to know.
Enjoy it! FL is not for me to live, I like it cold! I will just visit!
"how are you?" would really light up my day tho but nvm me
There we go
relax po ren! im in control. thankyouu sa concern
Feeling decidedly underdressed for this dinner party thanks, C
Hugs back
It was indeed! Slow-moving, but lovely
I think you're very lovable Tim.
I do the washing, while Matt does the heavy lifting of the baskets and doodles life around us. I think he does
Ni tan mal
Agregadme
Goodmorning
How are you spending your Sunday?
Ready for deliver at pick up na po ang ube halaya nyo. Sa mga oorder po ulit chat or comment lang po. For only 60 pesos lang beshie.
Awwww! It's nice to know others think of you
Central East Coast, Florida
Thank you
Doncs jo tinc molt!
Hi Darling! Thank you for the follow, I truly appreciate it
Something cool
followed
Private one to one swimming lessons are available at our Barbican location in the City of London. We are a
Namjoon, you remind me of a tree, someone/thing that is always there for you. Your favorite outfit colors always
HAHAHAHHAAH KASWEET SA RELASYON OY. TULDOK TULDOKA POD AKOA BIP
Relationship goes to the one w the problems he wanted space now he got it
i saw you retweet this... just know see perfection
welcome
Have my coffee and going to watch my daughter play some softball, be a good day
Awww so welcome!!!
Cr. IG jiranuch_yam
... and?
Thank your mr. namjoon for your hard work please take a rest and keep healthy
Das jung, ganz klare Sache!
already have
Omg yum! have a lovely time x
I just wanna thank you for always bringing aa smile on ur face
Return journey !! Boring any body come to massager
Merci Namjoon I love you
I think ready to be a momma next year
Done! Tnx for the help!
Wow so happy for them its going to be a grand weeding but when will you get married just asking
exo - all
Thank you!
I wonder
Coding toys. Christmas is coming
We're all excited for your Mono RM! Please enjoy and take care of your self
RT Morning all
Happy Sunday everyone
: wilderness_and_me
I'm glad for you. It took a loooong for me to get there. Just be patient and things will turn out amazing.
Thank you!
Thanks
Thanks Doug
That's great to hear Mark Thanks for providing us with this feedback. I've passed your kind
graciasss
I hope you enjoy every minute of it!
Trop mignon
Will do thanks
Man in a deep thought
Basically both shades are suits on you monochrome or colourful...
BTW
Haha sometimes things are just too much effort looks good to me!
Holy crap! I even guess what my fav would be at this point. all so good.
so proud
Morning yams
thanks for this reminder
Thanks bro
Yes that's true cartoons influence my life. Especially Svtfoe
I think checked it out
Morning William Land Park
Perfect. Sunday lunch with family.
Got my tinnies in the fridge, and 2 Cottage Pies. Can't be arsed doing home made tonight
Obrigada
Tag your friend....
I watched the dead poets society again, qnd remembered you. love that movie
Se conseguires manda-me por favor
'bout to binge-watch Jack Ryan
Thank you so much.
I Wanna See Everyone Succeed If I See You Grinding You Will Be Rewarded For All your Hard Work You Put In
We are all meant to be free.
Hallowwwww bbq ko nga pala
Now would be a good time to learn. YouTube is your friend
We are honored to be the hosts of Thank you for this chance Gabriel
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
I see how but everyone is entitled to their own opinion
The only you will see my is if I turn and always
House cleaned, I hoovered, tidied, cleaned windows, scrubbed floors. I'm so done but nice to sit in a nice tidy house
Oh jeez. Thank you.
Good way to roll!
I know righttt
Anjo, sdv?
Note the date.. hopefully its going to be today
Wrapping up with a favorite off of the Pure Moods II album.
Have a lovely day.
"Montezuma" - Cusco
anp easy load sb 2 no sath vs pti shrm phir be ati anp walo ko
Y
O
U
A
R
E
A
M
A
Z
I
N
G
And I'm grateful that you are in my life
Take care my role model
Good morning beautiful
Awww this is beautiful
Sometimes its better to be alone
Then could we maybe partner up for this GA?
Root root root for her team (27 Photos)
Or they'll knit!!
The Orthodox Jewish Chamber of Commerce 1983 Book is OUR MISSION STATEMENT.. The ORTHODOX JEWISH
I guess i need someone to comfort me and somehow make me smile, only for tonight
I will
Chivettes bored at work (34 Photos)
Hopefully some new friends that you've not met yet
hi how are you doing today beautiful
Thanks bhena
Notifications always on
Thank you for this new opportunity
Hope I win this
trying alone is already a big step! It'll get better soon, dont worry
Voici mes photos de la
The bigfoots will take care of the zombies. No worries!
I'm doing OK coming around just need it to go away now
Never stop being nice to people even if they aren't... Portray yourself as you wanna see others
All cute!!
I you always, Seokjinnie.
On that recommendation the will head there tomorrow thanks..... can you please arrange
Tryp by wyndham hotel. MOA
I lost 50 dlls. money come & go, God taught me that
I will be a pilot.
Thanks I just need to add a couple of major sponsors
Beautiful day
Managed to get my hands on most of the Larry Borenstein Collection. Sometimes the universe really does provide!
awww the makes me uwu
Feeling happy today a Great day to be alive
Eventually, you'll learn what's your meaning in life. God is with you
Haha so true. It is gonna be so complicated but on the positive side punjabi is very easy because it is very much like urdu
Pick me. Bills on you
Welcome Followers.
I know love
Thank you
Falling Nike
Like and follow !
Alhamdullilah finally we made it. Champions
It's okay nini jiejie how was your day?
que disfruten su
got this!
Namjoon oppa looks so cool
Remember ARMY love you
Finally understand my lesson in Math hahaha. It took a while. Pero I did it naman.
Breakfast
Yup the joys of being a healthcare worker
Vin..
Hope be good tonight
Good morning!
My hair relishes it
Merci beaucoup
About to make me a big ass breakfast sandwich
Thank you thank you
Is there a price list for the T-Shirts?Thanks
Happy Sunday
A nap sounds great
Beautiful Dahlia and Fuchsia garden in the park at Point Defiance outside Tacoma.
Bang Me today
deepthroating extreme blowjob female agent retro sex dirty
feeling productive today
I'm only up cuz a mf blew my phone up to wake and bake so gooood morning!
Nct dream, jeno is my bias
trop belle wsh merci infiniment
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah Two AMAZING individuals! We're fans of your
Bank thiti! All of korean models
thank you my friend nc_amm
not letting anything irritate me today
So funny you say that because my only valid complaint about Colorado is we have beaches
Eish they bully me this people..but i just said i hot nothing to hide
Yo te apoyo
Girl, I am waiting for you to be on our situation two years later laa oo. Then, I retweet back wht did you just tweet rn.. Leh sik
Alhamdullilah
10.20.2018 feeling loved
Earned my first virtual badge from you . Thanks
I will play some
Thank you ALDUBNation, we hope you had a blast!
Alright, going to church folks behave
thanks for the follow hope ya having a lush Sunday
we gotta talk more... Possibly see you
Thank you so much. lovely
They look cute together
You too Reinhard, thank you.
Congratulations to you both!! Lyra is such a lovely name
You cant spell champions without IO
This makes me very happy
Even my new phone auto corrects to Cushing. It's well trained.
Root root root for her team (37 Photos)
Last night. mga taba maw.vlrn Insert quekdc Getwellsoon.
That's okay. No hard feelings
Good idea before she gets knobbled , on the attack again
Need to be strong.... for my self
Yummy
Merci beaucoup
Im happy you are liking it!! i love jojo !!
Thank you
Fuck you
This will do for me
If I could survive it
Thank you for posting, and thank you for all you hardwork. Take good care of yourself always, Seokjinnie.
Thanks for all the support!
Should I take this girl shift even though I gotten no sleep and been standing on my feel for hours already
We should all be kind to each other
How did I find out about my country
Probably first told the
My taejin hope you're both feeling better
Sunday and happy not letting nobody ruin that
...good morning to you
North Gate
don't tell gibi that i think you're cuter and you make better asmr videos
Enjoy!
Thanks for the Tag! ...I have quite a few antagonists, but given the waters are often
Done thankyou
I suspect someone is clogging up their arteries as we speak
Sierra Burgess Is A Loser
-watch it & you will like it
my tweets are about my rants, my problems, my mood and especially about Y O U.
Ay salamat po
Absolutely agree Dani! Thank you
Hi, Doug's just sent this to you. ^Shelley
TAIJI HAPPY BIRTHDAY
thanks
My date yesterday We watched Venom, that was fun! and did some retail therapy Ooopss
So grateful for keeping me sane! AHHHHH
i like to start slow + sensual with if i was your girlfriend then speed it up + get kinky with i want to be your lover.
I know he is so cute and looks so happy at one point
thank you
You're welcome
Ideal time to have a coffee
Cool, Patti!
Thank you!
2nd time and even better
Thank you
You seem cool, I'd like to meet you and tell my friends that you are my friend
Mas dias assim
Feel the music in your my all-time favorite Sir
Such a beautiful day
Spent all weekend, I could get used to this
Tmr starts offically!!!!new day for new beginning
I need another option... both
happy birthday to you
Hogar dulce hogar! Stgo
thank you so much and yes I will be wearing it on Impact... very soon..!!
Devi solra mathri thana plan panra nadakathu
mano
Should I also reach out to you??
Ahh sounds good tho
20 wit a 100 inna drum
It's not much but we hope you like it
They do at the Cincinnati Zoo too. So beautiful.
F R E E S H I P P I N G
Ends Midnight
Shop the: Be Happy Bracelet
Hope you are having a great day and have a great year ahead
Thanks for the early morning RT! Thanks for all of your help with my classroom! I hope having a nice weekend!
Im having sweet potato pancakes
and okay?! everyone have a blessed morning expect those who do this on the regular to good girls. can go
Shiny Beldum evolution chain
That's why I always watch HAVE A NICE DAY THE GMB WAY!
Thank you so much Hope you enjoyed the show X
I run, but I had to join in on this action! Congrats to my auntie and her friend that took part and
will be the word's tallest wooden skyscraper via
Love to see them together again, the nice band
Dis is it!
Yesss
Hi, Ed...I followed you and your wife about a week ago. Glad to make your acquaintance, friend!
Thank you so much! I love when they look at me as they fly over.
8k according to the seller
Whenever having bad days, I always think of you & smile I think the best part of life,
I run, but I had to join in on this action! Congrats to my auntie and her friend that took part and
Happy Sunday
Faizah : Victorious /Winner.
Thank you for drawing this wonderful paintings I will wait for your more painting about JB and Venom.
Good good !! Maybe we need start hanging. We turning our life around together
Chai Time
Both my parents and one sister/4 are my everything
Yes, nearly half the price! And avoids anxiety, too
Mmmmm Tonkotsu Chashu Ramen + Ajitama + Corn + Butter + Nori looks delicious
Thank you
ATTN
Ditto !!! What an amazing show it was .. maybe was the last Indian show that I saw from start to end
Let's respect their privacy very private kasi ang pretty boy at pretty girl natin hihi. Yung
Thank you Lord. Thank you Jesus
Thank you so much
Lazy puggle Sunday in the big bed
Trying to work on patience level this morning
Thank you for having me!
Happy Sunday Sara! Would be amazing to get a follow back
Oh, I see. I know he saw this post
You know Armaan bohot acca kia break le kar because health is root of all happiness and you need
Encounter done!
Hi. I'm Fruithy Nicole hihihi
good morning! wakey wakey!
I seriously worn makeup in like 2 weeks.. my skin is doing great though thanks to these vitamins
thanks for the follow dude, amazing twitter handle says it as it is
The sweet bickering
Yesss my bitch is back on twitter
seeing you on stage makes me so happy
wait to be in our new apt
wait
Here again.
Hi Nonna
Good morning
I love my baby Grande legs
This is off to LA today
"" I'm a real man ! ""
Oh well. "Real men" tribute me also. I don't discriminate and give favours to anyone.
A stroll along the towpath on a beautiful Sunday afternoon
Aw, thanks!
Yep, I've got a few posts on my blog, but we also have a more detailed
Blessed
Amazing, there are wonderful ppl in this world.
Yes, well done at XXI Cinema Mall Cipinang Indah with my boy child and my husband the movie is adorable. We much more
Whew this week is one for the books
Thanks
Thank u mumsh! Nag enjoy kmi, lalo n s party parteeey!
Fangirls fit for that hero life (37 Photos)
thank you!!!
Finally finished my sermon for tonight so time for a cuppa before heading back into town for evensong.
Most work days I barely have time to fill in my eyebrows, but today I had time for some eyeliner too
sunday noted
Love Instagram? Find and follow me there designfolly for deliciousness
I love making money get to buy all the things I want
welcome Yamato.
Enjoy
Ganda rin ng puso ni Hopie. Much of her beauty comes from within.
HPBD to my one and only. Hope you feel happy i love you
Thank you for having us,
all worth it
Please sign the petition - thank you
Good morning
Thank you
Wonderful shots!
We have an Elliott too! Hope settling into parenthood well!
My beautiful humble boy
fantastic. Thank you
Nice capture/photo!
congratulations
Straighten my hair and put some lashes on & a sweatsuit kind of day
That's the idea... To take you to a spot where you're blind to what's going on
Keep on smiling
No fine thanks!
Disappointed I get to catch up with you Emily! Glad you enjoyed the conference
they should either fix or release that awesome domain-name
Richard: Come to the bedroom.... right now!!! Me: Ok, im on my way
Thanks bro
Nope, my intincts tells me there's more to those eyes.
Good morning lovely I love this
and hey, with your head, please drink lots of water and have some chocolates for natural endorphins noted,
Happy birthday gwapa
Un peu
Making the most of this fantastic October sunshine... great family time at food festival
Optimistic facts and charts that show the world is getting much, much better
Ah thank you Emma. I am so excited for the year ahead x
Happy Sunday! Beverlyhillsdentist
Upvoted Nice work!
with my favorite Berlin, Maryland
Happy birthday uri leader-nim stay as mechuri as you are, young wild and free forever
is there any possibility to get folly's double update in a week time? just asking only a chapter a week
We approve of this plan! Enjoy
Do you wear a hearing aid? Never knew until now man
Mclub Tiffany Ebio Inspirational message
thanks for the follow Nick, hope ya having a canny day dude
Dont worry, i will be by your side
that little bit of hair popping out from the back is so cute
The first team got a hiding today. Second lost because, shambles.
Aaaaah what a lovely time
S. U. N. D. A. Y
Thank you so sweet of you
Nonono that stays on and i'ma pounce you real hard
when your Amazon order arrives
Yay!!!!! It's a great photo. Matching blue as well. Great to meet you.
Thanks, done !
You must be like a child, always! Best of joy!
Just having fun &
Have a
Cute
Every time I mad i get something new Thx babe
SO MUCH FOR TODAY.
Good morning love my plans are to relax it's back to work tomorrow hope you have
Good morning afternoon my love I wait so excited for it the best X
Always remember Daniela Obguia Mika Enalios Valmoria Rhiona Jane Obguia
Sure is! I feel amazing every time I get an order
Hahahha omg that's so cute. Thank you
Yes indeed Dani!! Happy Sunday
Happy birthday dato! Get well soon
I just can't stop laughing! Daehwi is so cute!
Okay naman pala dito.
Happy happy birthday, Ate Cati! words aren't enough to express our gratitude to you and the team. We know it
Prediction
Blindspot po yung 2 hooks
Sounds great
It has rained today. Hope next week when you here the weather will be nice
Ofada Stew leleyin
If you enjoyed this, you should follow us on our new Instagram - on there as well
Ahh what a horrible morning
yeah
I wish you lived closer, I'd go with you to the midnight premiere then we could
Too right
Thank you
It's great Doug
Just seen the review and rating - thanks so much!
swiftieology13
After long journey!! Just refresh....Of course , being physically refreshed is only part of it...
Nice meeting you too!
aww you are too kind I am honored. Thank you so much!
No problem they tell you in game all the mechanics. You kind of have to learn on your own or
No argument there! What are some songs you'd like to hear?
Goodnight!!
Working on deserving you
Good morning
Happy Sunday to you dear friend
I really like where this is going
Thank you poli journos blocking me, tell a different story
But hey, I'll find a way to keep
Mobile Legends anyone? Can't sleep.
Europe's greatest party and show
Pop Quiz Who can solve this?
Nice I'll have to go see it I did enjoy the first 2 . What's ya plans for the afternoon and evening
Very happy and thankful sa result ng exams
My guy!! Thanks
ten:
johnny:
Gonna miss this moment
Definitely! Look forward to it.
These would be great!
Thank you Omotee!
hahaha, I'm kidding thou it's still ur fault
7 boys in a black suit
Only bangtan
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness
Whatever time if year, there must always be time for and
It will be early Jan 2019, we will be announcing the date soon
Zockerrunde im Saarland! mit Yoshi und Co. chiriomiep
Credits pala sa owner ng photo na ito
Variety Show
"The Greatest ShowMEN"
I have 3 girls in this world and I'm so blessed to have them
idk why I can never waterfall but somehow I can catch that nu... nevermind
Hope you're okay.
Takyah jd bodoh. Ad lg better
Cinnamon Toast Crunch for breakfast
Enjoy the show
thank you for following back
thanks mga tropa
Thank you
Next weekend's finna be liiit
Streemeet
Comedy show
Chillin on the farm
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
Merci Namjoon for the precious moment with you!!!
Love you!!!!
Love you
It's both
Have a beautiful day Twitter world.
Dear Mehr We are Really Missing you.. we Got Addicted..
Beautiful idea Nikki i love your belt bag where can i buy her?
welcome Steve, thanks.
Kaw din oy
Hehe Thank you Marshielle
Saengil Chuka Hanbin-ah!
God bless you more and your family, and iKON You're our pride
Thanks
Thank you
Seriously have made so many memories there not only with family but with close friends
I cleaned mine today.
made my day when I spotted it in the store yesterday. I'm a simple woman
Good morning! Hope having a wonderful day
Goodluck tomorrow geng's
How much would it take to get you guys to Mackinac Island
I'm so proud of myself
My moma made us some seafood pasta only thing I have to do is fried chicken
should be a good one to work with. Make it happen
And I have a video out on Youtube about black hair, please check it out
thank you for this night.
A great service! I've been a regular customer
PHOTO OF MY DAY
Vai baini
from canon 60D in Gorkha
Tak sure Maybe sis boleh do some research at Google Lagipun i baru first time try
The truth will set us free.
God is Truth.
Thank You Lord for Freedom.
Need to think of something else lisa
She say she bad, but badder so proceed w caution.
Yes , she has accepted to go out with you guys
Thank you
Nothing gonna change my love for you
Kamu cakep banget Ko
.
.
Om New
Just couldn't get my guy to the top of the mountain! Well done for finding the yeti
If its any consolation - nde ko pa rin natatapos yung movie
Yes! Should have remembered that you would be interested.
Hahaha baby's booty?
Alright I will, thank you
Everyone knows the wetter the better (46 Photos)
Cool
If you can DM me how much you would pay for them and they will go to the highest bidder
Feeling all the birthday love So grateful for everything and everyone in my life
Thankyou so much and
Whoahhh soooo damn tired but thanks sa pa pizza
Blue Hawk real name is Robert Rocha ... just an FYI
Oh my word Dopey is my fave
so proud of myself I go out partying this weekend
Do you want one? I honestly thought about giving the extra copies to the younger
Great to see some happy people in love on camera!
Thank you
Oh my goodness... cuteness overload barely begins to describe this incredible sweet scene yes Toni Sarbieski
Aww thank you
A pile of new cards just listed in my Etsy Shop
Thank you
Good morning
Today is a great day to be excited about new possibilities and moments. This is a new week
We have to do it again, let you know as soon as I know when free
ryry92: Cute new onesie and dummy
Awesome I think you should prepare something informative like this.1 Number
I just saw this
Cutieeeee
Thnks
Then have 2 nephews & 3 nieces & 5 more years added on to whenever have a baby
Was
No matter what we're still here we'll make more good merories with hindut fam.
Happy for no reason
sorry for the random mutual tags
Older men really are romantic
My uncle opened up my PS3 controller and fixed it!! so happy you guys!
Just arrived
Kelan tyo date? Pm me your number pls Dm me then lets see. manlilibre ha? gusto ko buffet. tapos sunduin
Mendingan aku, oren
& for more Videos!
My hubby, Manong Dindo and Joseph, visiting a sea turtle nesting site. Nice to know there were three mama
Hello Follow the first 200 to Retweet/Like
Self-care and self-love done! I had a great weekend all for myself Back to stress-free syahirah
Agreed There are enough jerks on this planet as there is, because it's easier for them to act that
Never break the rules for no one, at last they leave you
No matter how was they important for you
Guys, just 9 minutes okay? Hahaha That part when they perform I got a boy
Moving on from the Giants already?
Yes poo. Thank yoouu po!!
You dont look angry, just intense. The similarity is remarkable, though.
Last year was sooo litt this year cool with just dinner
This pic is really gorgeous You really want a Cum Tribute ?
Im still waiting for you to reply
Ireland
Uninstalled WhatsApp ..!!
So ..) happy now
Trying to understand the rules.. what's going on Touchdown!
FNATIC for the win! I trust you!
What did he say - we should always believe the accuser?
Karma can be such a bitch
So gusto kayko mu dm, buuuut ulaw kay sha no bsn nya bs huhuhu force you anon but feel free po
Just a reminder that uNandi is unmatched
Yep! just waiting for it to be released.
Hope you and Spunky stay warm. Good morning to you both too
Kamusta naman yun? Agad-agad?!. Haha! See you in a bit!
Thanks man
Rey go back to sleep
Same! They are all too cute!
Nice...
But eyes is speaking .....something
Finally! Congrats
Feeling all the birthday love So grateful for everything and everyone in my life
Thankyou so much and
And what I did not see while being active at the landscapes...
Oh, just FYI my review of episode 3 will be published on Tuesday
Yea for sure
JOON CHANGED to AND THATS THE CUTEST SHUT EVER :(
Great class..for these words Dovi we loved to see your fights
It doesn't matter.
The best programme of the week!! See you later Countryfile.
No matter what happen we're still here we'll make more good memories with hindut fam.
Oh yes
Maru A Pula
Awww thank you
Pls open your dm
I can send one to you
That looks like a nice spot Linda
I'm seriously still in disbelief lol
Thanks again! gonna sleep well tonight
I hope everyone is having a blessed Sunday
Muchas Gracias
Yeaa I did it
Thank you
I'll find stuff to do...till you are back
If you have more questions, please approach your class presidents.
Life has been amazing lately
Thank you BIG DAWG!! Have a wonderful stream!
Yay!! Thanks so much for listening!
You sure do get around
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Nope. no such thing as coincidence
The awesome Active e-cig half way up Mount Snowdon today.
My Goddess is here
Seoul National University Hallyu Dream Contribution Concert' held at Seoul National
Welcome
Yummy thanks po. Hehe
It's so nice to see the word 'Fact' used correctly on twitter for a change!
Happy Sunday!
so who taking me for ice cream today ?
What are u checking
I just want to be a freaking liar
Kenny Allstar > Charlie Sloth anyday
Lol thank you
Pls reply to my dm
You must xx ok how about a diff profile pic each day
What football at this time Coffee and football it is Buenos Dias
We love to spread the holiday cheer, Gabby!
is there anything better than moderating the final chapter of
Well said. I agree. I met today. She is amazing.
Never lose that smile
Thank you and glad you found it useful
I'm a little late with my other 5 photos but oh well. He's so adorable who could complain?
A DAY VERY WELL SPENT
Lovely. Beautiful setting
Old Image But In This Thala Cuteness
Section 497
D'accord
What a lovely afternoon, lots of animals, mainly cats have been adopted. Hopefully lots of money raised.
Always welcome harijati
Thank you too for everything
Thank you hon!!
Uninstalled Twitter ..!!
So ..) happy now
For student circles! Check this out! Madame got your back
vlw, fiz isso mas obgd
been feeling like shit for awhile but lastnight, I was actually happy thanks to Linden also thanks to Wawa are the best!
Smile ka lng
i mean, i'm gonna try and get tickets for the sg leg and we are in the same timezone
Thank you so much
finally writing some yoonhyun I miss them so
Mga momsh! Start your week right and make it a habit to watch PlayHouse before Showtime.
Ayaw nyo naman siguro
Especially...thanks to you !!!
Boiiii am I in a fuckin mood today, I hope everyone stays in their lane
When you can't find your lost motivation, find another. You just can't give up anytime you want when things get rough.
Hi guys I sell footwears, trendy clothings & accessories
Thanks!
Lol good, you?
Take your time. Your well-being is more important
Rohit is to you what Modi is to a liberal. Can never satisfy
Happy Birthday
Na und was macht Ihr so
I was just at the Louvre as well (Enjoy the rest of your time in Paris!!)
Thanks! Will do
Morning, hon! It'll be good once you've gotten coffee in you.
Great! I get to sit on my ass all day. Thanks
hi Felix
yes true, that's why laoshi use "hampir"
Josh...since inscriptions have their beginnings they have been used to mind war Aliens advance too
Armaan's reaction be like : 'Am okay, am okay Am happy for her '
Please dont kill me :p
do the same
Chelle OMG!!!! IS DIS KUYA SEAN? Aaah no wala siyang twitter. who u?
Thanks
Fabiola & Mickey are officially U.S. citizens and in their forever home together in Providence, RI!
6th Friendship Anniversary/ Birthday Bash to Ma'am Melanie
Thank you Meng
about time
It's finally over
I really want to study astronomy, always been an underlying interest of mine
TRON $TRX price: $0.024483
HURRY! Binance is currently accepting new users
I quit my job because I fucking despised the place & was sick of being treated like shit.
Best decision I ever made tbh
Done!
Btw, I like your username
YOUNG, SMART AND CUTE
The best feeling of happiness is when you are happy because you made somebody else happy
Go for it!
Pm is a key
Ladies and gentleman, we have lift off
Yes. a first world old lady.
Thanks mark very kind and thanks for watching
9mins to go waiting patiently
[Readystock] CBX stickers Set A
RM24 exclude postage
Worldwide shipping
Dm me to order
Idi pothe kothadi create chesukunta
Congrats to both of you
Ma'am & Baba
Happy Sunday to you as well
Hello grandma how was your day?
RIP zionists, you might win battles but never the war N-E-V-E-R
Woot! We love to see this, Eric! We hope you have a great trip.
Last year I applied to over 50 jobs and got rejected in all. Now almost a year at my current job
Thank you Meng
More of this please
Really?! I went there with Kach! sayang!
good morning Angelica. Have a safe and beautiful day filled with smiles hugs and happiness. God bless you.
Thank you for the follow on Instagram. keep up the amazing work.
Okay Doug but no f words please, it's a Sunday
haggard and stress na sa LP pero smile pa din
Time the clean up the dogs duty in the back yard.
Nameet ko na din si teacher Ana sobrang favorite po kita
*kilig*
What a fruitful tiring bday Everyone showered me with hugs for working hard on my bday
Otra foto de las chicas hoy en los
When it comes to country girls, April takes the cake
Quilt goes to Sampaloc!
From yesterday's Sandiwa Cultural Night
Good Morning! Thank you so much for the tag
Me too Thank you so much Good Nite
People. Interesting people, mythology and music.
Plus running of course!
Merci
Nope much more general
I'm not cool enough to do Elven Nations stuff. I leave that to Karol, Kyle and Michael
Agree with u
For you all out there
Oh I'm fine. The heat is on and I'm in bed with yummy warm food so I'm good
Life is about moving on
They're adorable!
It work :( charotttttsdbs friends lang
Biasq chanyeol tp dlu dilaptop jga bnyk ftx tp ttp chanyeol no 1
It was the best afternoon finally seeing you again on and off stage So happy I was there & got to
Congrats to both of you
Ma'am & Baba
I want to be your friend Doyeon
Totally agree
Well that explains why we are Friends then have a Blessed weekend to you and your family my
I wish I could hug u right now our mandu
Morning
Happy Birthday
Last Call for Tarte orders at 20% off! No fees, just cost of your stuff and shipping.
Listen Boys don't cry for these Silly Girls these years are for funerals
somi made this cake herself!! WOW
mimi is so lucky to have made such a kind friend
Yes. I plan on being in the middle.
Thank you
Wow! All that hard work pays off! Congratulations to both of you
Aweee thank you
I've hiked this a couple of times. It's awesome! (Although the first time I hiked it, I didn't think it was easy.)
Yes
And, in these next 10 months ill BUILD it from the GROUND UPALONE, TIL MY TRUE 9 HELPER COMES UP AND PROVE HES A
What an extraordinary man
Bu manzarada gider
Thank you for this suggestion.
A and a in the sunshine note running and less walking in the run :) started a supplementary
once again, happy birthday !! stay healthy and don't forget to make yourself happy
Thank you so much for your reply.
You are great Kapil sir
Ab to please show shuru kar dijiye
v Vikings is Sky Sports NFL game today
thank you
[Readystock] CBX stickers Set B
RM20 exclude postage
Worldwide shipping
Dm me to order
Ah yeah this has worked thanks! Probably an issue with the wifi
Pleasure
Vienna here I come
Showing his mixed beans
Waiting for Chaeyeon, Sakura, Nako, Hitomi to do MENPA
I missed Minju's Menpa
I will try my best not to disappoint.
My first attempt at a pumpkin carving via /r/FORTnITE
trick or treat from mango town friends and enemies new merch coming soonish...
Thank you!!
Have a Great night Thank you! You too!
okay thanks
thank you for your support
What about this account here
3 years in November
Good morning!
looking forward to seeing bring the word (butterflies) my other spiritual papa
Great idea
Don't let challenges paralyze you from doing what God has called you to do.
Is scouting for his next opponents
4 with no ball
"Amazing night, amazing team" Love this picture
I know Shia can be controversial, but i love him!
Thank you &
Thank you orgcomm,
How will you do it? Upload the horse your laying before the off?
Anything BTS Always on.
She sees the good in everyone. And what I love about her.
Well take your energy and go lay down. Wake up in a better mood & tweet some positivity
Good night, good people!
Photo by: Instagram (at) muhamad_ridwan56
Location: Landmark Summarecon Bekasi
Brilliant
Ur welcome
...Plans for that. Maybe used assoles (Hahahaha leaving that 'as soles') for a pair of slippers
Sorry, I didn't realise. I think I solved it
Whales and dolphins are very unlikely to hurt humans, especially in the wild. They are curious and friendly with humans
Great 7-2 win lads
Whales and dolphins are very unlikely to hurt humans, especially in the wild. They are curious and friendly with humans
I do NOT like to be bothered in my sleep. Like pleaseeeeeee leave me TF alone. Unless giving me sweet kisses
your daily reminder that Jodie Whittaker is The Doctor!
Doctor Who continues on BBC 1 6:55 tonight!
For those of us that only know English
Zoo Tycoon ? Crash bandicoot 1?
Work 7-2 then streaming fortnite hit me up on twitch.
congrats brandon for an inspiring campaign. go home and hug your pup and man.
Gregory, this is very nice thank you.
Yass. Ingat ka din and Godbless u always!
We're on holidays so great to be able to tune in. Well done Ross
Nabbed myself 16 today! How many did you get?
Have a good dream... With Hyde
I'm glad your full
Rest well please..
Ah really good
You know know it
ah sure! they actually have both angsty and softer songs, so I'd like to show you one of each This is
I give u authority!!!!
Like gotta move mga besheees
Chill'in baby
I follow you now because I believe our political goals are aligned. I believe we
no more cheesy lines. I just miss you.
Forget about your age, Remember all the Blessings you have in your life
Happy Birthday to myself
Yung akala
Thanks HB hope you're well
Welcome masternim
Take care and thank you so much for your love.
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Not at all, I am for Brexit most certainly, but couldn't resist.
get this money angell baby
5Gig? I can't believe my eyes
But I'm still readyyyy
do ur best and God will do the rest
It's a game, you have fallout 4 that you're not keen on, well new Vegas came out quite some time ago before fallout 4
jealous & you too I forget
It's always the little things
Thank you so much
After working hard all week and finishing with two gigs at the end of it great to chill out with Tracey and our cat, Coco
You are very responsible apart from when you spill your beer over your worktop
Sorry, I'll stop now.
PSA: if anyone wants to do my homework for me give you all of my money ($2.47 is reasonable pay right?)
Nam loves you. Hope you're okey by now. See you soonest. May surprise ako sayo.
Did u help a lady or a mommy side nigger or a good child
A Fine dining Date experience with these lovely ladies.
Thank you Lord for your blessings.
Who has been the second best Conservative Prime Minister in the past 50 years? Please make your selection and retweet, thanks
Ooh thanks, i use Netflix but they have all movies sigh, thank you
Bobby and his bird, a pair a dead Fenians .....who cares they died for fuck all
All is well
yesss haha
Absolutely
Reached 20K+ Tweets !!!!
Make it Big !!!!!!
Target; 50K Tweets (Before 10PM)
My boss is so understanding
My mom is 96 and she says the same thing!
Babe I do nothing you're welcome
It's a beautiful day and beautiful namjoon
Keep displaying that bigotry.
I'm not the one judging you.
The audience is.
Yey thanks poo
hmmm 50.. CHAROT HAHAHAH no chance na uyy
This is pretty fucking accurate
No still I have productive things to do with my day
Don't go, promise
haha you're cute i'll recommend you to my friends.
Congrats to both of you
Ma'am & Baba
Tree line beautifully illuminated this chilly October morning at sunrise
Gotta be good to your body
A reminder for all of us
I'm so beyond proud of y'all you deserve it so much and I'm glad your hard work is being acknowledged
Bacon is so good
For those who couldn't see the match
Petra Kvitova vs. Elina Svitolina | 2018 WTA Finals Singapore | WTA
Thanks
Brian, pls be more specific. What are you buying? Give at least one hint for free
Nice
hey here in Manila?! Until when? Former Saigon cast members would love to see you.
Lerrus see
What a great way to start the day by being kind to people and having no expectations.
Hey get too excited and recover first hahaha but glad that much better
Ps. Sorry my mom side
Pretty sure k-uaenas have noticed it and perhaps contributed to them!! Imagine if IU
My favorite lesson of the day is when they taught us where to spot baby sharks.
Stop making me hungry. Now I wanna throw that cow on a grill. +=
- One for you and your study buddies
Thank you
I U
Does any one of you think to your self that you are magnificent, well you are more than magnificent. Keep smiling and be happy
Good morning
You too
Good Morning! Thank you so much for the tag.
My one wish before I die is that hugs me when I see her in February
I just want a pretty lil ring to act like Married
I had an "emergent" surgery yesterday. Getting discharged now
Totally agree amazing
Hey, at my Nan's now. Eating mince pie's Mmmm xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
181021
Ayyy! I was so worried it going to make it but glad it did and glad you love it!
Wat ne Bombe
I follow you now because I believe our political goals are aligned. I believe we
all so pleased for Cheryl Beer who won the Goodbye Flies BE100 3 day riding her own and business
This guy on gta last night wow who knew lol
Thank youu for taking a good picture of him
Yes.
thank you
It's already been found.
im so shyyy
A quality content thank you you may consider uploading more in the future
My favorite lesson of the day was when they taught us where to spot baby sharks.
just a reminder that sketch commissions are open ! no set prices; i will try to be fair and negotiate with you !
Pausa shopping
I'm just gonna leave this here to collect your smiles and giggles.
Di po ako available yieeee
Werd ich machen, danke
Congrats to both of you
Ma'am & Baba
Yes, thank you! Coffee has been ordered.
Damn I need to move to the States
Really tried getting my morning start early by getting my nails done but the nail place opens at 12. So here I am being lazy
She's becoming the trans catgirl I always knew she was on the inside, I'm so proud
Can everyone take my STAT survey regarding relationships??!! a part of my final grade in my class. Thanks
Professor Fizz Throwback!!
When We Knew The Professor Was A Crowd Favourite!
Yep I still do this, we meet regularly for a coffee and catch up - really helps
Snek malam
thanks!! have to try this next time I absolutely love the porg cake. Happy birthday!!
Awww this is cute!
-Nathan
not trying to be negative but maybe!
Thats quite similar to married life
Deberes hechos! Votad a Sabela favorita por favor
Everyone went out last night while I stayed in cozy af. All good w me
Its a mutual decision being back to bestfriends is enough
Exactly
[update chara] _OMG_tweets: somi made this cake herself!! WOW
mimi is so lucky to have made such a kind friend
Beef! Roasties &
Cool got a few ready to go for us can't wait you make awesome content . I hope you have a nice relaxing afternoon.
hi! I really think u r cute and gorg! and hot ofc! Hahaha I hope you're having a great night because you just
Happy Birthday Scott Dworkin have a marvellous day
Evening coffee time
I won a gift last night at the baby shower for guessing the correct milk outta 4!
It sure does
Thank you!
Happy birthday to him! Is diz pink lipz dat eye see?
Thanks for the love! glad a fairlife fan.
wait
ty yunis
He can but not fluent..he still learning and try to replied some ifans comment
Made a new friend today ... I tried to be gender neutral and called her boy
Crack shot that bird of yours. Lol.
Happy Sunday
Congratulations earns 7th time world champion
NCTZENS~~ LET'S ALL BE FRIENDS. FEEL FREE TO DM ME, I DON'T BITE
Appreciate any help
Pkaye and Ckaye are my two gorg prenny talaga
Thank you sweetie! sure get there soon
If you want, you can come over. not doing anything today
gemsstone IG Update
181021 (KR23:28)
thx pic
The guy in the red jacket is
Morning Hun. afternoon here hope you are well
Thank you, I will!
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Next on our list, we just discovered CDBloom
masaya ka na ba ngayon? Happy for the both of them stay strongg!!!
Was this Nerys ? I only saw her waist up behind the counter
On it boss lady.
Girl killing it in both
ONCEs, let's help Stray Kids. They'll be having their comeback tomorrow
Let me plan this trip
I like for people to look at me but if I give you the your welcome
thankyou doy. good luck din
Merci Phinera.
Awesome to C indeed!
This is also
Birthday week. Sooooooooooo much to be grateful for
Urwell
I follow you now because I believe our political goals are aligned. I believe we
Thank you
Happy birthday hope you have a great day
!!
And now realised you are talking about Rees mogg not Raab. But same applies
I am very well thank you Have a wonderful day
Ton gamin ?
I love online shopping, even more so when I earn cash back for doing so follow my link today and earn yourself
Thnks
This energy please
Good morning Lizzy. Have a bright beautiful and safe day filled with sweet hugs magic and joy. God bless you.
Comida con los osos
Dont snitch then
Clearly other people agreed
Aguantando viento y marea
Now I feel bad for leaving out my beloved Mac & Switch, which as you can imagine, are both full of games
I have no idea. I have teenagers I'm still trying to figure out.
Thank you mister
:
:
Nothing like a walk in the Peaks to blow the cobwebs away
Yupp, and looks good on you!
Amigos tudo de bom
You should watch I am a killer if you already on Netflix x
Thanks!
Thanks
Count me in.
That warm smile. Keep it real.
UK ARMY!
Anyone from Eastleigh interested in a student ticket for Burn The Stage?
I found another cinema
finished product
Some of the gang out on charity trek for KERRY cancer bus
Yes, he's just wonderful
Yup. I remember him saying he would go on the roof top or something and share a blanket with a girl and have soup
Thank you Chloe
Aouar est chaud ?
and really great vibing with my bud last night at Stratus!
Act accordingly or get cut off
There's always hope if you put out your third team
O montle wena
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Since it's autumn season and it's love season in Korea ahahaha I'll make thread for Dating shows that I'm watching
welcome home troll
Thank you Laura, I am so proud of him
Quotes of the night
Good news. I love cold pizza for breakfast
Brilliant! It could just be the security settings too high on your wifi, which sometimes happens! ^Rori
I hope I can help you in becoming a better man, i hope my love can
Time is money. Don't waste the one and make shit ton of the other.
Thank you
I you too nd of course I'll still follow you
Sometimes you have to forget what's gone, appreciate what remains, and look forward to what's coming next.
It is. I love this season. Especially when sunny outside
Tita a shoutout from to you
Ole me n Gabby gonna be lit for our birthday just wait on it
Stay humble
Work hard
Be kind
Me and YoYo !!
Watched the replay of SMB vs TNT game Have to agree with the commentators - good job Nabong on better anger
Time for the winter drip
Most welcome sir
Do you know how its feels when you try to hold someone hand, but then he try to avoid your hand? I do
Sorry to all my followers but until get married all my tweets and retweets will be about them so feel free to unfollow me.
are you terrified?
I like your sister. And it means she missing you
Thank you
And normal Americans care about you. Have a nice day
Hiii. I am also a fan of M.P.. Puwede po ba tayong maging friends?? Sure. Y not naman diba?
Btw hindi ako
That's okay! I'm not quite there yet but I'll ask someone when I do get there
Well spent sunday
u will leave becoz u hurt me? i think it will cause more pain, such a fvcking pain.
I have no brain Queen Jazzy took it and put it under her feet
Young Maggie is cute.
Aww thank you
Mamamiyaaaa i love the movie
For a stronger curse lol
Half-time... 3-3
And Danny Dyer being slightly mobbed!
You should. Hihi All of their songs is really good.
There was a silly song I learned about pink pajamas at Girl Scout camp when I was a kid.
Un beau tampon !!
ei revitty suitsista
Hahahaha, acordasse assim tbm ?
I follow you now because I believe our political goals are aligned. I believe we
Work hard , Dream harder Goodnight
Thank you babe. *hugs*
God bless your union
You & I same WhatsApp group
Say please
hi mami, it's late but i just wanna say i love youuuuuu
asetonsuz oje temizleme mendili..Deneme 1
How a or going back to the Stache and beard! Very handsome.
may nxt time pa naman
Finally good news
I fucking love it
Thank you I hope you csn make the Open Day
Gute Besserung Jacky.
No problem. Happy to make friends on Twitter
Good And Thank You
Thanksgiving in October my sister won't be here so we're having a big meal today just for her
Sudah follow dongs~
Wish me luck!
Thanks andi udah ngadain giveaway
. .
Okay okay ... I understand now Sorry, now I know my point is pointless . I hope you still see me as your friend
Really? Pero mas gusto kong pagsikapan ng ako mismo. all the hardships will be worth it.
Idol on Lithuanian radio a few minutes ago, it still is regularly played here
I gave up on long time ago but damn I enjoy new season of
LU KAHVE EN
I'm very happy to know this
My plan for the 2019 is not certain yet. I'm still on some international
And also protecting the environment
first time wa ka join huhu. God Bless Fam!
Trueeee loyal to girl. Ay, BIGBANG pala, only bg stan ko
Soosic.. and taeny OMG
crush this is a fair warning
Yosi is a BIG NO for me
I follow you now because I believe our political goals are aligned. I believe we are
1. Chealsea
P.S. Also enjoyed message last night.
You such a wonderful lady Georgia
Removing dey keep sef, them dey shift am
Naravno...
No problem
This is my new twitter account please follow me kay malock na akung old account in 60 hours
Thank you!
Happy Birthday chiq! God bless you always!
That's a shame, but atleast you're back at work! It will get better in time.
Yes all fine here Thank you
Did you manage to grab their ring?
You got loomered! Congrats!
May ups and downs pero I'm learning and growing din
Day well spent
Hey could you please give us an update on what tournaments are left for you to play this year?
Hi. Thank you so much for getting involved and raising awareness
Tchekh is funnier thou. With due respect to Dr Roger
Congrats Jesse! You definitely deserve it.
Thank you for the book and the golden banana! My students are like crows, they love the shiny gold banana!
Thank you so much looking forward to ordering.
have a great Sunday
Purchased your chocolate orange cake this morning , absolutely amazing see you next Sunday
friendship dsnt need reason though I guess I u bcause of mutuals
Yeah right because he messaging me every day hunny not special
One more request just for you! wait for it - Daisy
I only have one heart, and my feelings will never change
When you realize you have government insurance on your car
The strap on my mini Chanel popped over here crying to my dad like well just get a new one whole time
My first day of class is tomorrow
3 is great then you can have one of each evolution . I said to my crew before the
You got the winner in your category and undeniable
Blunt passing, a pretty chick beside me and the whole track blasting
This is one of the most precious things ever seen such a beautiful mochi
Thanks to IT for giving me a heads up on how emotional today was going to be
Because I'm happy
Just what I need Its time I retired my mismatched dinner set
Finding my niche on Twitter is so exciting
Bunny why u look so happy and too happy today But im more happy to see u smile like this
U always look stunning
I just finished my Xmas gift guide for travellers! love you to check it out
la idea!
Hope your Sunday has been a good one people
What you all been up to?
Spent time with the family
Played
Sweet chestnuts can remember people selling them from braziers om the corners on Oxford Street in London when i
Thank you very much!
Thank you for appreciating me
Thank you Sara Haha, yes i was giving it some xx
Good morning All
I'm from the Philippines How about you?
Enjoy your Sunday!
Life is so much better when I let some things get to me like I used to.
I have a gut feeling she is
I follow you now!
Please follow back!
Let's
I all folks -
One of the Great Trees of London
Back from Turkish barber full treatment with thread face cleaning and mask Revitalizing
T'es Yoann !
Merci beaucoup !
you and when you get are all big ones with me ... Love you too,
Welcome!!! a heads up, it's spelled "iKON" not ikon or iKon or IKON etc
It's no worries! I'm enjoying the game a lot and trying to get better at multiplayer.
Add me on Pokemon let's be friends
How much can u deep throat
hi
Coco Mountain Resort
hello sayj. how is everything going?
It's me ilma..
misafire en mesafe
Am I reading right
The sun is out. Gonna take the dog on a hike
[#KEONHEE] 181021
hope that our fans could also take some time to compliment and comfort
Nice work,well done you
Thank you Lou for guiding them.
Okay, danke
social experiment my ass. you should just shut up create clapped content like you usually do
You're welcome.
Coffin dusk - gonna steal that line
No problem. Well, it is totally hard not to like your QUEENS.
Hyy my no.1 brand in Indian mark I have a question can u give me discount in Amazon
8/40 of the World with - When hunger meets confusion
You are born to win McLisse
"Sakaling Maging Tayo" SOON in cinemas
Yes, thank you Andrea
Dont worry
Thankyou Matt It's such a lovely day and was quite warm on the beach x
I get there I want you laid out best believe be ready for whatever cums my way .
When subs accept ur request on cashapp >>> good litttle fuck
Hey, thanks! Just followed you back on IG, looks like you're living a pretty sweet life, too! Happy travels to you!
since realized Sunday & closed
You just made my whole day Thank you!
They were, which makes it even better
Bae ass was so freaking drunk last nite but it was cool at least he enjoy his day
I met a friend on the sidewalk today! I put them on the grass.
i'm finally in a group chat with people making plans to do shit and i feel rlly included rn
Halo! Cek di pinned tweet ya
wait til next weekend
Ok. If you say so.
Thanks!
Lovely looking smile and top enjoy the gin!
a daily reminder
Hopefully you have a black berrett
My choice for Who enjoyed that Sonic ?
Our team processes these requests as quickly as possible in the order they're received. Thanks for your patience
You'll thank us later.
Okey, "berbagi itu indah"
I will keep that in my head
I live in Belgium (it's close to France hehe)
Will be facing the world tomorrow with the real me.
Night
Definitely
And then this video came out by the end of the day
Thank you catalysts
besok2 mau buka po photocard member nct 127 dr album reguler-irreguler ga? Kayak po photocard dr album empathy dulu...
Much Appreciative Gesture
Love it.
My sister just told me that this is the advent calendar, she has bought me for this year.
Our two mail in ballots are going to the post office this week!
My adult lids and all their
Sounds wis and true
Happy Birthday Jill! I hope you have had a great weekend and also have a great day!
tiempo pasado...
I'll be listening to the game!! Hoping for another Inferno win today!!
Please
Oyasuminasai
Thank you
What a fantastic weekend in courtesy of Thanks for involving us
look this will make you smile
This is so amazing!
on your to-do list in preparation for Monday?
Moving to DC? If so, check us out! Come in for a tour or take one online! We'll be happy to have you here
3,180 po
stef's game reminds me so much of roger's. usually perfectly-placed serve, beautiful one-hander, dependable forehand...
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
Two if my favourites
But it's the cock of legend
yes maybe he felt secure with him than be alone
Thank you & ADN
Lesson teacher: am coming 4:00....
Students: 5:00 his not coming happy
We'll see about that.
Log out twitter trus prepare kyla
We know
This is so cute
Beautiful sweet and kind. Plus anyone who loves Kenny always gets a plus from me
Daily Smile from
Fab day yesterday in a beautiful place with wonderful people
Kinda wanna go to the raccoon cafe in Seoul again
Please get the joke
What will you do with their handles
a News anchor on both platforms.
Thank you! I am
Thank you! Yes, things are going great. :) Hope everything is going well for you too.
tapos graduation na ba?
mag ingat and God bless
Instant savings when you shop with us now through November 3rd!
Sunday long runs followed by are my favorite. Bonus it was the first snow of the year!
If you see
Horseback riding through Londons Hyde park. Hit me for a contact will be the best hour you spend in London Town
Thank you
I hope all you beautiful souls have a wonderful Sunday.
im from the US but still try to vote for your boys!
Thanks.
think got a winner there
Of course!
Asthana sahab CBI director bhi ban sakte hain. Look at his popularity
Hahaha... I guess I got the foretaste...
be hosting this very special night with on the 4th of December - more acts to be announced
Thank you
Whitney, love your work!!! Also, I have some housecleaning I need done. Are you available???
Wow that's going to be a long process!
I heyt toxic behind my back
P is gonna be the father of my baby
I reserve my comments
We are all voting as much as we can!
Well Thank you! We think so too.
We sure can
Happy birthday! wish you all the best from my heart
T-shirts, patches, and hats! Oh my! Check our our charities store for tons of products available for donations!
Labyuuuu. *sending huuugs* You'll get through that, bby. Soon.
Hey thanks a lot!!
Joking but yes, follow and subscribe these pipz. Goodvibes! They deserved it more
Amazing news - very well deserved
TY for the LIKEs
I disagree, evolving isn't a bad thing. We can identify and fix some flaws and that's totally OK
hellooo!
I care who I lose as long as I lose myself, good
Lels. You could always count on me
Bang with Me at
crissy moran jaclyn case lesbian seduce old lesbian sex
Sorry, I prefer coffee than milktea
Sounds like a perfect Sunday morning
Please follow to get our retweets Welcome to Twitter
Cheers fella
I hope they dance this time
Lovely church service now cooking for my love maybe there is a space in heaven for me after all x
Here it is! This is truly precious.
Hello, nice to meet you nice to meet you too
Maybe we should all wake w a good headscratch first thing in the morning (Bella Luna)
I have just under a stone to go
Congratulations
thank you sam!
Thanks!
Love you Ai! I hope things get better and if you need anything here
Happy Birthday Jill! I hope you have had a great weekend and also have a great day!
Halloween store
Mee2..... Get yersel across to the Balbirnie then.
wanna check this tape out real quick? Just stream it for me once
Thank you
Red and Yellow () kasi Beauty and the Beast everyone can use it for the love of CalVice
My choice for Who enjoyed that Sonic ?
oh yes I can do whatever I want to win the mug
Number time with juju, she can count up to 14
That word Doug
Me:Thana kisay bolty hain
She:Tumhari koi Gf hai?
Me:Nhi
She:Police Station ko bolty hain Thana
be back soon start another one
"Don't worry, be happy."
Happy Birthday Yuri!
Great stuff! Thanks for keeping my updated
Sweet Belle
Juno R o ne demek acaba
Aww thank you
Thank you my friend
IFB
1. Simple. Its Aina.
Prang crush ko na son nyo po gwapo eh
counting rainbows instead of storms
Yes please
Aww, that was sweet
Happy Sunday
Pop the champagne
~ BDAY, iKON!!
'FLBP' it means no worries for the rest of your Mondays! (38 Photos)
Pas moi
Aqui les dejo esto
Mas alrato les mando link
Oh thank you so much!!
Hang in there - it gets easier with each new PR
Read my tweet again
In need of some yeahhhh
Hash brown crusted quiche for breakfast - yes please
So cantik & so pandai. Congratulations on your well-deserved success
RT done...
Plz write his full name
Harapan Indonesia
Thank you minions
2nd venue
Hmm. i'll keep that in mind fluffy :) thanks for your advice. -tr not good at giving advices but I hope
Sadly, I can't cuz it's unavailable in my country. I wish I could support you and them. But hoping the best for you all.
Time to sleep. Good night alter peeps! Don't forget, there is life outside alter. Good night and let us all have the sweetest dream.
Happy Sunday eve.
No sorry
This looks so heavenly
Always thanks for your translation My source of Dae updates now kk
You're wrong, we're still here.
Sadly, I can't cuz it's unavailable in my country. I wish I could support you and them. But hoping the best for you all.
Thank you Vencyyyy
Got home thanks G!
Oh nice, let me chrck it out online
Sorry! You can find out why we've turned off top ups here
As we're a
You will always be a part of me.
Good afternoon Dave, good to see you back
be at Harbor Point, Subic Zambales tomorrow, see yah all there!!
Hey gents. Lunch on me today?!
When finally cold outside and all you want to do is cuddle
Thanks
Every time I see Melvin I immediately think Lancaster. A sign of old age.
Thank you. x
Thank you give him your all 50 votes
Thank you Sofia
THAT PRETTY MUCH DESCRIBES BOTH PARTIES.
stalk my ex and he look so fine
Jgh
roses are red
violets are blue
and I think I am in love with you
I'M DYING SHSKALAHAKA WHY Ok thanks Dhanyaaa I'll do it tomorrow
After the hate tweets and creepy DM's today, I sure do
ViCo yung purple.
2019 me please
Still available
Beautiful
I agree
You Won't Forget Camilla Gimenez
These are my on
speak ONE truth a day
Despite everything im proud because even amongst the mess i can handle myself
My friends must have kids already I'm ready to babysit
When so stressed and worn out and still managed to smile.
Had a great autumn day at Lakewold gardens yesterday. Thank you all for the great welcome
Please spread the info and watch
for today an
so who gonna help me put all this stuff away everyone speak at once
That's Thursday? Let us know to see if a meet up can be done
I got back yesterday afternoon
Last night was the best fucking birthday party I have ever had I love everybody that came !! we had a blast thank you thank you
So excited to see you on . Miss soooooo much. Hope to see more of you.
Stop Susan I'm blushing x
Ok. Besok senin South Quarter Tower
guna make this my next project
Hi Les, thanks for playing along! tweet the full picture later!
Not for many decades.
SACHZNA
You'll get by with a smile
Did you know that you're a pretty cool dude? hey thanks what a great way to start a morning!
Cheers to your 23rd B.I.rthday leader-nim thankyou for serving us the greatest music you could ever make
Thanks sbb bgi ip 6s
Goodnight chloe
Thank you so mch
God bless bukas!
thank you
Thanks it means a lot,
Allah knows everything
Oh no baby. my spot.
Why do i feel this way? may kutob lang. One more. No more.
firstly xda yang xberubah.. don't count the less but give more
thank you for motivating me and giving me hope
Masarap maging first sa lahat right? You feel like you're so special G'night!
Actually the kiddo got a Blake Wheeler I gave the package to her
OMG
Love that sound
We had the pleasure to do a very special Custom Project for Joe Nilles with his early '90s Alpinestars MTB
Irme Por siempre
Nice to meet youuuu!!! Bukas na ah?
fallllaaaalllllaaaa Thank you for such an amazing evening
I love a good lazy Sunday afternoon! . . . Batteries recharging...
homecoming, with that being said, my name is Jillian and from Hampton University
Hey! Does this apply if you have a weaker side? The left side of my body is significantly
once upon a time . . .
I wish that was my bedroom
Thank you, Colleen! Congrats to you too!!
stand to close you might fuck around Nd drown
Im happy for once
Good morning Ruby. Hope you have a safe and wonderful day filled with true happiness. God bless you.
You're so welcome... your hard work, and dedication in all you do is very inspiring!
Great photo, glad you had a good time FCK are currently losing to Vejle!
It was lovely. 5.64 miles and a good part of the terrain was quite treacherous. But it was good nonetheless.
It also imply rubbish at applying make up
Thank you
First move done... Your turn!!!
thanks!
Started my morning off great
Just be gay
Me I am asking because tomorrows class is at. 7 am I hope you people haven't forgotten
But carry on cause I will blast you on social media and see what you have to say
hello!!! Great to meet a fellow northerner!
Happy Birthday Kim Hanbin You're doing great job as a leader and also a person Enjoy your day babe
It's a OM-4 T
Peace be upon you
Oh heavens, my jealousy meter is at 12 right now. I'm rather fond of his music.
Justin makes me so happy yeah we live together but I think every time I get out of my car RUNNING to the
Lots and lots of wishes on your Birthday ..Keep smiling always and make us keep smile
glad to be both
Nice meeting all of you
Lucky!!! Enjoy the Broadway Musical
I wait
Las chicas siendo entrevistadas en los
ah shucks Sue
Good Evening!
Hope you're having a great day!
I prefer a girl that cooks well, I am good in bed for the two of us
Huh! Cool!!
pero imagine what if avengers x guardians x legends x supergirl x arrow x flash x all superheroes that were created
Thank you so much
Then good
Unless you gone lay me for it .. I got it thanks
Meron lahat. Some have multiple versions
This is so goooooooodddd!!! wait
Congrats that's a big one !!
*their cult leader. I hate making those kinds of mistakes.
Yeah...!! They look beautiful together..made for each other .. type
You're welcome ping!
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness
Herzlichen Follow us on mit vielen coolen Videos und interessanten Privat Clips - only
Now watching The Good, The Bad and The Ugly!
Awe, thanks!
Happy birthday Have an amazing day and many more
Not until December 22nd, I was almost a Christmas baby
Okay
Thank god... Thx!
If it's for your wife - BEAUTIFUL
If it's for your daughter (age 21- 25) - SWEET
But if it's for you, then we
So I caught 0:00 for the start of a new week.
Go and start a new day! Good week ahead!
Bring her to a Day6 con, Diyana! That's what i did with my sister..
Had a great autumn day at Lakewold gardens yesterday. Thank you all for the great welcome Lakewold Gardens
Nope! Just came to Ottawa to get away for our anniversary. So, we went to Tosca last night You were at the game?
I'm doing fine, thanks for asking!
Go read my interview online London, United Kingdom
In Hungary we say: Szeretlek. just a very sweet remark
Thank you
good to see you with your besties. It would be wise to keep them close
Awwwe so sweet of you drew to do this i feel the love
Sebastian Stan is perfection both inside and out.
this homecoming was definitely one to remember
slowly becoming the person I should have been a long time ago
Instagram tou wi bon....quoi de plus?
Hopefully!
Always puyat but never na-late pumasok
bom diaaa
Ya he's cute
Thank you for this
Jesus is in control
Babantayan kita
Long time no see
More interested in heart and soul than their looks
The Veronica cosplay looks amazing!! Plus it might be more of a talking point because different
Fiz uma limpa no whats
I agree with you FAM
Toote dil se hi dard aata writing mein but is an exception
That F word Doug, you know naughty
Very nice
A follow back
Thank you Sir Mike. Truly we love Alden and Maine
About 25 minutes ago.
Sounds delicious
hello Sarah!! Great to meet you!
She is such a loyal girl, like the way naachan always loyal to yuiri.
Have replied several times already, still waiting Ed.
Heheheh madam ang ganda mo po!!!!! See you next time po ulit!
Was so sick to meet and watch last night, was worth the 300 miles on the train
KTBSPA? As in Keep the Backstreet's Pride Alive? Yessss
Well whatever it is,she seems very much pleased
Sunday activity of CHIRO MHC Buhisan!
Awesome posts. Keep 'em coming. Thinking of hotel or hostel bookings? Let us know.
Nantogo Nantogo wee
w/@Deejay_Roki x
It's ya boy
your music makes our
So pleased you found a treasure! Everyone worked so hard, a fab morning. Feet up, job well done!
It was nice to meet you po
[17'S] wts 75k /pc 90k /lenti bs sho p ee
You guys are pretty.
Ur very welcome lovely . Thank you so much
Can you please recommend me Seventeen fansites to follow?
Thank you so much!
Goodnight
Good morning
Oooooh, I hope it's fun stuff for you!!
I'm happy today
Next two piercings getting is my smiley & my industrial bar
Lool well u know what I mean and I hope it for u either
Go ahead
No need of muting..
Its Your TL . Happy tweeting
I know where half of your amazing comes from.
Sometimes it's the little things...like our year 8 'Golden tickets'
Yep
showing
We all dead..
I love how I can drink 1.5liters of wine and wake up perfectly fine.
Thanks Ruth, delighted you enjoyed!
1,922 reasons to smile
Trying some for Valrine Vernon Designs
It feels good to tick things off your yearly 'to do list'
I'm content !
I'm going to prepare dinner...... It's that time of sunday over here
You don't have to be artistic to have an image of what you would want lol A tattoo artist can always draw some sketches.
pero against thanos x daxamites x luthor x all those effing villains that were created as well
Congrats, OrgComm.
Gusto ko rin ma-experience mag-volunteer. Saan pwede magpalista,
Unfiltered. Goodnight
Hey I recognize that book! and love those adorable dogs of cute. like to come read with them too!
Oh ! Isa !
Thanks Steve you too the weekend going?
Underrated ba yung Please Let her Go ni zild?
Grabe ang ganda nung song na yon.
Hahaha, you look fine looking very lovingly at Paul there
Welcome to Fiona family.
almost 2 years
I'll call u after sa defense. mwa Problemahi sa ang thesis hahaha godbless sa defense.
Toby is super excited to be on an oslo bendy bus.
We are now closed, but will be back tomorrow at 8am
How I feel when I see a copy of Thelema on their shelf.
want me to do it? i can
Thank you
getting all the love this morning
Ty
You better go with the result of this poll Ewan
No, a healthy way of living as long as it is done with love.
I hope you all have a great day
Thank you
Tak rimas pun sbb kelakar, cuma bothering me. Thts all
Scene: playing Battleship with my 7 year old. the middle of the game.
Me: H-1
Her: Hit.
Me:
Her: B-9
Good luck to all the takers. No matter what, we are so proud of you.
Hi not spoke to you for a long time hope well!
It's not LOVE. It's a LUST. Know the difference? So BACK OFF!!
CreepyPornLawyer, "Esq."
You got Bitch!
The most trusted brand feeding bottle. Cute nang pang new born na bottle
And by "Nick" my auto-correct should've meant "never." The irony of tech issues right now...
I wanna live on a private life.
That as well
I went to watch the Halloween movie yesterday night
Now that looks like fun!!! Much better than painting
See?!?! Dr Pepper is a necessary thing!
You like?
Feliz
Thank you Mary Anne for watching my first experience to go onboard the balloon I like shadow too
Bit rich coming from a Shinner, love.
I'm no DUPer voter, but ffs have a look in a mirror!
Hbd wish you Will be richer more than now *biar bisa tabur duit ke fansnya wkwkwk
They say green is the new black, my groomsmen looked stunning, my sister was the topping on the cake
huwag ka na iyaq ah
Laban lang gang..positive lang perme God never leave
Pedrito, siempre con las palabras exactas
Hi thambi
Lovely afternoon at Bents!
Fab comp. fingers crossed
So true, hehe
Thank you
Good afternoon, worked now a little relaxation, shopping and cleaning. Wishing you a beautiful day.
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
It's very humbling to share a table with you sir Jamal Hihi, until next time.
A little louder for the Seats in the back!
Cute mo. thank u!
in the Midlands most of the time
Thankyou
Takes time to adjust. You'll eventually get the hang of it. Kaya yan!
Louis you are so cute and your mom would be so proud of you sweetie /babe
If I saw that while out walking, I'd definitely smile.
Okay lang po hahaha thank you po!
This makes me SMILE. Happy Sunday Everyone
Wow that's awesome I thought you gave me wrong number lemme whatsapp text you
Yes I do too. Over and over. That is my go to movie station on Saturdays.
emmett_hughes instagram story:
This is a great question !!!
Okey dokey! That is very kind of you
Compliment, thanks lence. You're welcome tina
I love you I hope your boys trip went well
You're welcome.
Hi Sean. thanks for buying a CD
the only place to hear us is YouTube - r first video is out!
Followed look forward to seeing your streams soon!
Awe girl I miss you so much too! I need to come see you
so sweet.
Hey i am from indonesia thank u for this GA hopefully i can be the lucky person who can win the caratbong lightstick
Aaaaaw piglets are so adorable.. and grow LOL
- Congratulations! Well deserved
[pixipe's IG]
.
.
pex brother
Had some family photos taken yesterday. Excited to get those back
**
Also went out on a date with
Wow, great job. Do you build storage sheds too?
It's Hanbin's birthday!
There is no accident. Even an unplanned meetup has a purpose. I soooooo missed you, Tabby and Rich! And my
These cats need more exercise, some running around, instead of quarreling while resting on their sides
Can i wav u too?
If you enjoy our page, but like Yorkshire too, then please like the We are Yorkshire
Thank you
Thank you.
Saguling van java
100people Which even German army but go off I guess
Em your letter touch my heart, I also hope to meet them at the concert
Right bitch to play with
That pic is cute
Scheduled a post of tips on how to grow your DA!
Yes.... Namjin even though Jin wasn't there to accompany him, but he lent RJ to Namjoon.
Yup and I love it
Hi guys I sell footwears, trendy clothings & accessories at really affordable prices and i need
We all have our own time to shine. Thank you sa pag remind.
Sino i hope mahiging frind din tayo
Done
Powis Castle definitely
Thank you for coming home
. Where the is
It's fab! Love it xx
guess go by myself some uggs today
Babygirl great way to start the show.
They've stopped now but tis grand as I have my trusted ear plugs with me
Make sure you check out these fabulous Glow Jars made by some of our KS1 classes next time you visit school
I miss you. Thank you, Aprel! Update me oki? Hihi
Safe flight
goodmorning grind time
trying islandic food
i like to take pictures of whoever im dating like good pictures, ugly pictures just be ready at all times
Best one yet
So excited
En Barcelona el cine baricentro
Our absolute favourite chocolate such an amazing treat
Hi Brian :
With all My Love from Spain
God Bless you
Anad anad nang di mag phone. Its good to be back
Amazing
helping a friend out!
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
Thank you very much
Its cute
Ah so it go when you ambitiously included
Goodnight ppl
One twerk to rule them all (Video)
Always
Welcome biha. Biha cantik, semua org sayang biha & i believe your boyfriend loves you more than anything else
Me too, chest infection, not everything else
Awesome! Thank you so much
If still around on Tuesday, do you fancy a coffee with a would be magician?
am one of those
Once in a while we meet someone who'll stay.
Otw to church
I think take a rest from your barrage! Respect and solidarity
"Blessed are ye among women"
Thanks and for a nice Sunday afternoon outing.
Maddi The First One Up . . . all Under MeGooooodmorning BEAUTIFUL
unlikely couple enjoying together! send us your photos to geth featured next week
When it comes to kids I think great to be happy with the one you have . One is plenty
I walked into my cafe today to see that you are in the valley, as am I unfortunately I walked into
Ladies if your crush go through that pussy thread,Marry him
Thankyou for your kind words mate
really really good, basically just mashed chickpeas or fava beans with spices and such
Tog nata Lord guide us with our exams tomorrow
Bit of early evening reading for Spook
Thanks Billy, you too
I will be giving out the extra Nuble cup sleeve let's meet on Saturday yaa
Gobble up Inbar for your holiday time off (20 Photos)
I was born in a hospital there. Used to walk through Valentines Park with my Grandad to meet my Nan from work. Happy days
Suree why not followed opp
America's Instagram Story - October 20, 2018 (@AmericaFerrera)
It's not LOVE. It's a LUST. Know the difference? So BACK OFF!!
Your right bhie ! But Tony is alright , his fine
Some of yours?
This boy makes my heart so happy. My little guy...not so little anymore. to just like that.
but I wait to play shows with my new beauty, too probably switch between the two
Sounds like ulcers or gastritis. I'd probably atleast call the doctor. Just in case.
Feel better though.
bae my favourite leader
I understand what you're trying to say. The storyline of "Still" has a deeper meaning to it,
My shirt came! I went from a happy girl when I ordered it to a SUPER happy girl!
Yeah baby
The lady that did m piercing kept on commenting on how tight and toned my belly is
NEW!!! Nice and simple 15 minute home workout for total beginners
Pretinho charmoso
We Love You
I will DEFINITELY be watching the Stockholm final on replay once Antwerp has finished. so happy Tsitsipas won!
Ready to defend and support Lewis as always. Can't wait for the show tonight. xx
Wow! Have a good morning! Have a wonderful Sunday!
HAHAHAHAHA okay lang
Hugh Jackman is going strong on never disappointing me
My one loves art, dance and creating movies. her latest creation. Enjoy...
Happy birthday
Garu
Behalf of Fans
Try mo sa account settings tapos sa account then click mo ung muted words and type mo kung anong words want mo i-mute.
Ah I see, thankyou
Met a really nice guy (finally)
I love it. Never feel bad for your passions.
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
But thank you for the efforts thank you for everything I hope you understand
time to Celebrate Yourself...when you Win, I Win
You too, Marte
Have a lovely Sunday, All
Good night nap lang then gising later. i miss you.
ehehe
my pleasure tesoro
Yay!!
High school pics you was even bad then
Glad my thread was helpful to you
Hello Nice meeting you
Zac's convoy Holmer lake. Safe journey little man
Spot me, Molly & Rusty on drone footage
Hi Shelley ! I'll put the others .
Oh thnx u Serigne
Thank you! Pleased to meet you too. I have now found a pretty large community too
I'll be here when you get back
Me too, down to earth, doing ok so far.
never happened to me. Plus an extra night in Amsterdam sound too bad!!
The count down begins, wait to move back
I will read it later thank you. Might explain why all or nothing . late in the day here and detoxing tomorrow
Hi. Already did
Bonne comparaison
Happy Happy Birthday
Thank you for being born!
You are one of the best leader!
See you
May He ease quiz n test csc for this week
Good Love You ......
You're making me hungry.
congrats!
trying to go watch Halloween at the movie tavern tonight ?
welcome
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
thank you!!
today I have fun and happy
Naks naman Kuya can't mention u la ka twitter hahahaha. Thanks ng nadami
Thank you
Yes. It's one of our most Priority Station
Wow! Good morning! Have a wonderful Sunday!
See you Singapur... esok suda hari senin lagi..
Japanese import of this gem just arrived Beautiful cover art!
guess go buy myself some uggs today
You're welcome don't stop! Haha
Oh alright, thank you
First night at the condo alone since UST days
Only one thing for it when you get a day like this in late October! 10k soaking up the Autumn sunshine!
Grayson & Ethan are really out here like
thank you if it doesn't work out, I'll apologize in advance
I would say the problem is the super complex governance structures of SOEs but...carry on
Share your book list, please
Of course he did!!!
You will always have a place in my heart
This is chiomaibegbunam and me trying to act normal while caught us on cameo , A happy sunday to
You too, Tia. Have a blessed Sunday.
really crossed paths with some awesome people
Our boy is free to travel abroad with us from three weeks today
for those who can't open the link, go to SM's page
A lot of people think the best, including me!
when you come to your friends for dinner and your monthly so they let you nap, the sort of friends you need in your life !
Treat everyone w politeness, even those who are rude 2 U -not because they're nice, but because U're
Omg thank you so much Diego. It really worked.
BTW how long does this
I could tell!!! but thanks for being in our wedding you looked great and it was such a fun time
gracias
It's a really good film.
A chance for you so dude?
Esta vista!
.
.
.
.
.
Ta!
Shane i drew you even tho you wont see it im very proud of how it turned out . and I loved your serie .
Pappa
Looks yummy and easy! I'm going to try this.
Absolutely incredible!! So very proud and in awe of you all
Donghyuk updated his IG to greet Hanbin on his birthday.
-aw so sweet Dongdong
Thank you!!!!
I'm taking this completely unbiased suggestion and listening right now! I like what I hear so far
If you know of any good candidates located in Lagos, please send them my way!
Thanks
Looks like my perfect type of session
Seattle
Thank you hope you can make the Open Day 21.7.2019
I'm an adult i dont use spellchucker
Ommo this is cute
Happy Birthday
Let us fill your bellies!!!! Happy Sunday LITTLE RIPPER COFFEE
That first Dookey in the morning
I hope you're okay I am ikaw rin sana hehe God bless you and thank you for your concern
Well done! Did you fall foul of the dreaded industrial estate? the last 4 miles are always tough
It's so lovely I really liked the sister character
Anywhere in the world
Absolutely fabulous so proud of the makeup girls you did amazing
Thank you!!!
good because bats are a protected species!
Hahaha oh gosh, I love that video! Thanks so much I love how he paid the fan who gave him the Big Mac haha he's a legend
can you please tell my daughter that!
Interesting! Maybe not to everyone but to me! Thank you
Thank you
I love morning tummy, it goes away within an hour, but I love morning tummy
Wow. Fab comp. fingers crossed
Hi again still in need of respondents who are 19-29 y.o and active users of social media from MANILA,
Te felicitooooooooo amiguis !!!
I am TIRED. Next weekend I shall be in my bed
just doin the lords work
Thank you, Alice. I got this morning, but I'm not giving up any time soon!
Bonne comparaison
Goodmorning
You too!
welcome
Hi guys for orders just visit Sissy Sweets Fb Page
Love at first bite..
Until you can't stop eating
Tin
Jimin
White wine is a constant proof that God loves us and loves to see us happy
.
.
.
Si great! I love your dress
Yes, it says available from the 26th but no option to preorder - I shall keep waiting Thanks for getting back to me!
My snake ate perfectly again
Now those pics bring back memories
This is Nova, the main character of the comic I have to make for my first assignment! She's meant to be based
Good evening
4. I have four piercing and I'm planning to add more
Great - look forward to it
Yo Kempsville Skinny Dippers! It's never too cold to come and get your Froyo on! We have Cookie Monster,
Dr Yeboah me ho yie oh na awo eh ?
Dapat gift nih om
Thank you Found it
WOW...kind of like cats with 9 lives!!
Why? The standard of men lower in Jamaica?
Good idea for when the wind blow!
happy birthday !
21. Peace on Earth. Positivity and Love laaaang.
Nice of someone to let you have a photo with what they caught
Ouch! Hope you heal up quick
OP said WW suits the album well and WW thanked OP Then OP asked WW what would the people who love him eat if
Yet another reason why we
Keep your heart strong
That feeling you have when entirely debt free
A small piece sung this is a really nice song do you find this too?
Shree laligurash dairy farm and research center, kumroj
at Laligurash cow farm
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Happy Birthday Jacob Hope you have the best day ever!!!
All smiles for a fun Sunday activity in CHIRO DANAO!
Some sperms gives pimples o, not mislead people
Well that's the Baileys replacement sorted It's delicious
Its nice to try something new every once in a while. Happy hearts, happy hearts
I am not what u think i am i am something more
one of the masterpiece by nolan
Petros Tsitsipas so super proud of his big bro [via IG]
So proud of you and your boys
Don't Feel Bro
Great Added it to my list ^^
ahhh too bad! we could meet!
yes i will definitely tell you if i ever visit Singapore
Ta-ta for now London. You more than made up for the peeing-down rain you had is in two weeks ago, cheers
Thank you!
AWESOME progress!! You look AMAZING!!! And talented to boot!!
Beautiful things happen when you distance yourself from negativity.
im srry, i forgot to include yet on my tweet so here u go *fortunately, i didnt kill myself, yet
Wow Robert that looks like tricky work
a great film enjoy
Thank you so much, Yvonne! It was a wonderful day
What a nice thing to say! Thank you so much! And Wednesday is almost here
It really is, it! Thank you
i like the sound of Awwwww
Unless for food of course
I see this babe
Carmi...meron buti nakaikot pa ako. Hehehe
Aw. Thats very kind of you. I will. Thanks.
anytime your in the mood for a trip you message me T. It would be fun for sure
Hi bby
Today I learned how to switch DM's off. You live and learn
I love the Saturday throwback music (clean up music). Keep that up gentlemen.
Au milieu
Lande in a naysss way hihi
Beamer on ya face
I think it's still relevant and lots of luck with the exam. I am sure your hard work will pay
merci paris
-I see the beautiful smile Rm
Think I'd be sticking with that too. Lovely
I love yuta's voice. I hope Yuta will always be confident in his voice
Yea but always thank Allah that you are alive & healthy. Don't worry better dey come your way
Perfect for this time of year!
Aww thank you
Good Evening!
Hope you're having a great day!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY B.I. I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!! This is my favorite look of hanbin
In einer Woche dann
Here she is Meet Winnie
Sure go ahead
Happy Weekend Naj, thank you.
Can't wait to see the finished product!
Prevention better than cure
Omo.. Happy birthday dear.. Sorry for late.. Hope your wish will be come true.. have a happy
Is your hair in a top knot?
Precisely bro.
Haha! Thank you! Cheers.
Cute girls me photo's is likes retweet we this sweetest so beautiful
AHHHHHHHHHHH autumn I like spring too tho
Katanya Mas
Buy Karlyle Tomms products! YOU COULD BECOME SEXIER, SMARTER AND RICHER! Access at
Flotsam and jetsam
Happy birthday to you & thank you for light up my day with your song There are always someone who loves you
Restaurant - UI Design Challenge 20/30
Give me some feedback on this design to get better in the future!
Need
RT
Thank you
this song is inspirational and you are a great singer !!
I'm 66 and don't give a toss about what society thinks I should be doing!
Cause as soon as me & my man happy again a whole different mood
100 h d'impression, enfin la couche
You look Mahvelous Darling
I haven't kept hours like yours in
a long time, used to think about
From the bottom of my heart, Masaya ako para sayo!
Happy Halloween
San Jose International
You deserve it
The bunches of them are "All hat no cattle!"
Thank you
Ohw Yes that's me . Yeah
Glad to be your 200th follower
sold :( but to answer ur question its usually $25-$30
WOW thank you so much
It's back.. I'm so happy.
Hi Ellen, I seen them but look out for them tomorrow on my walk round and let you know. Hope you are well
just like his photos please he is a big fan you you sir ji
Loved Mrs pepperpot. We had a supply teacher that looked like her
Been down in a ditch lately.
Nothing my GAPamilya can't fix
love u hoes
It really was! Thanks Melinda
not surprised. Knew he would eventually come back
So I made a moment for my Clone Wars Inktober 2018~ Here you'll find every drawing I've done so far
You when you just can never do anything right
Can't wait to see what your gonna be
That was work is... but some won't understand
I don't dm much either, but manly because I'm not on Twitter much. Don't worry about it dude!
A time where I looked decent
To my TOTGA,
Wish to be with you in a concert and have a photo taken like this
I will try Thank youu!
Fotitos que me hice y no Happy Sunday!
Congratulations master
I will try Thank youu!
Feliz erecto domingo.
Total whiteglow number orders since closed gonna learn from make a guess
Sound of music my favourite of all time
Yieeeh. Solomot Vian.
Thank you, My watch is usable again
Thanks you too
Unconditional love from a dog is the best
One of my favorite places. Hope you had a great time in Paris cutie pie Rest well.
Sometimes, people leave for the sake of others.
G-morning Twitterville!
God bless!!
Happy Race Day !!!
cool with that
I love you
Haha! Excited here...
hi.
They look comfortable
I saw Layo today. My heart is so full
Happy wedding anniversary lala may you guys will live many more blessed years in future
Pa cuando las nudes pues ? Hableme al snapchat andresmarin23 No uso snapchat ni mando nudes
omg ce laws!! civil din course mo?? ihihih Goodluck fam!
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
I get to announce a release date soon
Name: Maimuna.
Meaning: "The blessed one"
Sunday football with wine..... chickpea curry for when we get home..... day off tomorrow. Perfect
Merci followers
They were just a little excited.
Yes thankyou. Have you?
Both finished University. Thank you very much
Hello Everyone how have you been today
Sunday was full of games with friends also watched a movie with a friend for her birthday it's 2 am on Monday now for me
Hartebeespoort dam and thank you
looking to hire someone to do this to me all day today. serious injuries only.
I just bought this for my daughter; glad to hear it's yummy!
just enduring it as of now, not all the time my worth will be swallowed
I love passionate, endearing and humble people. The kind of people you're proud to surround yourself with. Special, beautiful people.
My children would be over the moon Their little faces would be so smiley. Thank you
Yup, love Edge awesome entrance
Yes, pero give time to rest. Kahit inom tubig, kain konti, then pahinga, then balik na sa pag-edit.
SWIPE LEFT Another and for your soulful Sunday . When I decided to create a purposeful use of
All done for 1st day of work as counselor tomorrow. May Allah ease my journey. Aamiin.
Everything change
Thank you!
Well last night was a success, lobbed my heals and only managed to retrieve one
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Letting Jesus take the wheel is essential!
Virgo - Choose your battles wisely. Or even better, temporarily opt
Finally 21
Oke thx kak infonya otw download ova nya haha
"HA HA HA"
"HA HA HA HA"
Codes, brother, codes.
SWIPE LEFT Another and for your soulful Sunday . When I decided to create a purposeful use of
Hey can you give us a hint on when sandbox will be coming out
I missed you that day! Yes, the community can carry any chat with ease, I just had to unpack a few questions.
Well if top grade is an A! I can tell you I got an A in my second class as well just by the average! New
Ise kehte hain shighra patan
Yes BAAP BAAP HOTA HAI
151 not out > 140
i know chocho lablab stay
only a little over a month until I graduate so excited!!!!
I bet a free day rental that the Packers DO NOT lose today!!!
done looking for fun. I need commitment and something stable
We should watch that on the coach instead
Just like to point this out
I thought there's someone already cheer you up idunno what your problem/situation is, remember there's always
We can believe Spotboye articles. They're one of the 1st media ppl who informed us about engagement...
Unhappy ? Think the wrong end of the stick
My children would be over the moon Their little faces would be so smiley. Thank you
Mmmm genial
Hallo Danke! Dir auch
It's not
Dejk lang
perfect
My youngest student and notorious one. Rising artist. Tiyana. I love you so much and your patience towards the
Pls ignore typos and autocorrect. You know what I mean
Sure, who can't use a prayer here and there?
been in excruciating pain since Friday afternoon. But I hope it is now getting better - thank you our John
my bestie has
Lol. This is deep
First video on Twitter
That looks like exactly what is going to happen
Was like a game after international break when we had Wood...
Not a euphemism
and I just had to learn it on the uke too
I am learn from My Mistake! Without Mistake We Can't Learn Best.
distinctiveness means when got a presumption of maybe.
Syempre naman
Thank you te elisha!
Thank you very much, Nate! And have you been to Scotland
You're welcome
I just discovered Summer Walker & listed to her album this morning..I now love her. Thanks Twitter
if you saw a pinkheaded person wearing androgynous/queer outfit kanina that's me i usually dont
Not too keen on Blair. He blows with the wind!
Shahi Tukray made by yours truly.
It's written in the sky
Omg stupid bird app is really coming for my poor heart. I almost lost my head. Thank you Rohma
My username is iilovebob I'm probably no better but maybe we could play sometime
When it comes to a woman like you 4 hours is too long
I'm putting myself in the guest list Queen B. Vele I want to do shaku with you and see you again
Today's Sunday my friend lol
Please vote and retweet and I'll be doing the give away later this week
I see this community doing so much for
Hey there! forget to book me in before you leave ho(mie).
Congratulations Of u... Lovely Jodi of the year
A sequel? You just made my Sunday Can't wait to tell my KS2 and 3 - they're going to be so excited!
When I read what I wrote & feel my heart smile
tem
thank you for an amazing show
The heat is on in the house for the first time this fall
I will never forget this one
They will be a cute couple tho
The heat is on in the house for the first time this fall
Rm30 jugak. Human resources je RM 20
OP asked WW what type of donkatsu does he like the most and WW said it's cheese donkatsu
The kitchen survived!
Bang Me tonight
large clit rough fuck teen bukkake enema
Next goal on my list is to lose weight and get slim thick
Nice to meet you kanina sa
Here is your friendly reminder to wipe down all equipment after use.
let me see you spunk all over my picture then, I love a wank tribute
I need to change for the better
Sublime !!!
Yes I know And it'll be brilliant bc but still
thanks budds
Good morning world
Love the idea behind book
there is alotof new korean comments on Dara's performance vid in Igija
What garden where you at in the second picture ? Its pretty ! You got lucky the weather was nice !
G bohat bohat shukriya
Mairy liye ye bohat azeem tohfa ha
What inspired you to write this song?
Ha!!!! really harder than pubg
Magnificent!
Reinforces the Gaia hypothesis too
To my Habibi, happy happy birthday see you on the 11th Continue creating good music my genius and charismatic
anwy Pre Order Kris first Album is available now
Lovely aren't they
Motivation
Thank you Don.
Intha video pottathukku thank you bro... Ini Neraya video iruntha podunga... Plz...
Thalapathy semma
Are you sure? It won't upset you at all will it?
Welcome to TOP 5 Thando
I actually am. Thanks for noticing
Sorry naman sa fez ko
Thanks & Dad
I you more
me anytime my child is u need my help
Feeling confident about your category, you definitely made the right choice
Alright PV!! I see great things are happening in the Northwest Area!
But All Faith Is Quality.
Crow away!! We don't do so often enough... celebrate them freely
JODOHKUUU MAUNYA KU DIRIMUUUUU
I got Jeonghan - QUIZ: Which SEVENTEEN Member Is The Most Attracted To You?
no questions not good enough for an answer innit
Wash my hair , cook dinner , sip wine and watch the game
You are photogenic, Mistress
change tayo ng school na papasukan for college alloha jane
Has to be finisher. Can literally come out of nowhere. Very very dramatic
Ako din. Padm.
Give the people what they want
Excellent show Sherbrooke, ris encore
Well obviously. And if that's so, wala na unta nimo gistalk akong friend
Happy Sunday
.
Danelie streaming Monster Hunter: World tonight!
to my old friends... i'm happy para sa inyo
Wonderful hobby to take up
Sube a 4300 y entra
to be continued ....hoping
Your recently tweet and mine is connected alin dun, like mo nga.. HAHAHAHA gagu napapaisip aq, ayaw pa
Shift the jackstaff to the top of the ramp, obscured in its present position
Thanks
Our boys perform tonight on at 5:45 pm
durduk yere
ressam... eder sonbahar
Ok!! watch your Twitter, to see when. Tag me, if you can
Aww thank you
Congratulations sir
So you bout to drop that Hulu info
Thank you for always staying with him. Wish you all the best too, masternim
you know what won't change tho? my love and support for you I'll be waiting for you always, Kisu
Anuba hope to see you next time nalang
RM30 jugak
You tweeting makes my day love u
off today & wanna do something.
Be nice for no reason
and can I have some free merch please James
Swanpool beach today. Paul Ferhenback memorial birthday swim..... I wasn't brave enough to join them....
Im just so happy today
No further comment. Enjoy your Sunday
Looks like a Swamp Nightjar seeing for first time Heard many times thanks to Project Alpha
Thank you .....have a nice day
HAPPY BIRTHDAY the . I just wanna say thank u.. thank u.. and thank u
I used to sit with my late dad and gossip about my sisters
I really am the best ever... Allowing the hungover nerd to sleep while I went to fetch food to feed his sorry ass
'Cause it is so good to be back
Going to work on my off day and going to eat some of Britt good ass Sunday dinner after
Mrs Mellor is at the entrance of the Empire with tickets for all dance parents/families
Chicken Biryani!
New dish added in the menu
An exquisite cuisine from kitchen.
P.S. Fresh meat,
Ehem Soon
musical Dragon Ball Z tapion
Stock stock stock
Informes /envios/entregas
965106641 sms/WhatsApp
my mum is this and id say your aries venus pisces is gentle and breezy, aries venus kinda
Si, y esto.
De nada
Good night
Thanks anyway
Thank you!! This means a lot
Words can't describe how much I love them
Thank you
Oh okayokay boleh try nanti hehe thanks
... I'm Still working on my masterpiece
Yeehaw!! On cloud 9 now
Auliaag ya kak
Hot Decaf, skim , no sugar , for health reasons plus I'm a cancer survivor,100% cancer free
good night, keep happy and health
Oh wow yes please! Niece would love this
I visited 1975 no place is beautiful than gulmarg n surroundings
Good morning
Flaws and all
I love just laying on MY couch, watching MY TV.
have a whole week off of work
Ahh thank you, I hope it really happened to every ARMY
So so happy
welcome
Merci beaucoup
Thanks for watching the game with "us"
a wonderful person. glad gotten the chance to talk to you.
Your Welcome Tovitssssss
Next French Open
Best part of my morning was having Finn run out to my car and greet me
I saw this lol. I think Mrs. (Halliwell) track record alone says otherwise.
Just in the sun at Shuart with
Childhood rumour
I hope that u have a good rest
I skyped my good sis Qui, talked to my good sis kim, and talk all away up to 6 something am with k
TTWW No 4
Had a lovely meet up with the folk of
I just listened to Feelin on yo Booty last night.
Church was good
Miss you to,, lei!! I hope you're always well and happy God bless sa studies! keribells mo yan!!
Oh ok thanks!!
Good Day Followers
Nice meeting you billy! Have a safe flight tom..
Oh I had one yesterday that weighed more than me.
Baby Judar is a jerk but I like him But not as much as I love babies Masrur and Sharrkan
You'd have to convert me I've never seen any of them lol xxx
I'm sorry. Also I'm glad.
Hello Happy Sunday, new pal
TaengSic concert updates filling up my TL
Starting A Handmaids Tale. Hope as amazing as everyone says
Fckinq tired to all ur lies babe
I love soy milk and using preferred pronouns
it was funny. I'm surprised you managed to follow it, it was madness in the end. You obviously
cold outside we have arrived!
Alexa is so beautiful. The tattoo is so sweet!
get the album
I can't believe! Jongdae's voice keeps on replaying in my mind
Lovey stroll
enchiladas: corn tortillas filled with chicken and molten Gouda cheese
Buti naman naabutan mo pa
For the solutions sign up on the link below
Follow the link and enjoy this piece from Jaisie Gaisie.
He calls this one PAIN
All of our customers count! Don't doubt yourself and hang in there, you never know you might win
You are welcome
hi guys, uh, will you follow me on insta? smvllinfinity follow back!
Yeah that's why I am enjoying it
Would that be a soporific one...?
Hey Charlotte! Have you considered working at summer camp in America? You will meet the most
Dinner is already in the oven so got a very busy day ahead of me watching football and doing absolutely nothing else
Elegant me
Rizal High School lang yun Nash hihi anw, see u when I see u there
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness
Lol , I dig. You only have the right to but the fact still remains .
Thank you
Listening to it now
See you direk.. Papapicture po ako sa inyo ahh ..
we're a team, we go through think and thin together
Ooh dear. Like the decking though
A little breakfast and MineCraft to start the day
Hope everyone enjoys their Sunday!
you get prettier every day. Stahp it.
Wow
wait
Fabulous! Looking forward to the second half
Been watching since day Epic... see what I did there
I cooked the "Tomato & Ginger Soup" from Cordially Invited (page 160) today Soooo yummy and perfect for autumn
Pre Order Kris first Album is available now
All ot8 stans can choke now
wow your music is actually awesome my new addiction
What is your favorite month of the year? September
Ok . There are some crazy people on Twitter, saying all kinds of ridiculous things. Just checking
Getting ready to watch the race naked chill time starts now
Hi I'm sorry I unfollowed you. Wala man ka nagfollowback. Hahaha. :( Btw, you look like you're fun to hang out with. Friends?
lmfao always welcome over here
Dm me if you din't get your follow back.
here are some suggestions for you
No worries dear I'll still be around if you want to chat some more
He is asking his future self if he will be successful .
He is more successful now than he was expected.
Okay I will post the tweet
My daughter wants a cell phone and a laptop for Christmas.... I'm also gonna surprise her with a big ass 4k TV
I wish them all good luck
Looking forward to seeing our pupils and staff tomorrow at 9am. Hope you all had a wonderful October break.
I'm shy I'm going delete it soon .
va ?
thanks
back to being happy
Respondemos.
Omg that's what I want
I think you didn't get the sarcasm in first tweet, I use only when im sarcastic
- 22 Oct 2018 -
We are inaugurating our new corporate office tomorrow
Please join us in the
thought of you as soon as I saw this
OMG God bless you! Kaya mo yannn quite easy to remember them all! fighting!
requested your friendship
Ya que vais a merendar hoy?
goodmorning
Im not really into make up coz I dont know how to use it but after watching videos girlllllll Imma try it
How good does that bed look?!?! Time away, just me and you. Perfect in every possible way
Thank you sir char
My TBR for I'm so ready for this
Good night, Twitter world.
Awww affordable ra.. Thank you
Today's fave pics
Sana yung fb parang twitter at insta na pwedeng i-switch to other account.
My BIG fine ass
That is so sweet
Thank you sooo much!
Amen , brother ... That was
Oh, and I have to post a plate pic
Merci Didine mm chose pour toi
Lmao bro I was in church when I saw them. I was legit shook
Antis, ot8 and solo stans can all choke on leather jackets and bikes now.
I don't have a gift but i have a wish for you
i've been spending my free days at cafes but i need new books to read. does anyone have any recommendations? i'm open to all genres
Awesome! Thank you Cheers!
I see!thanks for the explanation mmm I will try to cook it!
These videos always make me so happy
Ohhh on GV Live+ eh? Kk thank you!
Good night beautiful soul
Fake news
I am truly a Survivor. My hubs bought this for me
not an invitation to hound me for tech help though, I have enough of that with family
goodmorning!
Sub Sunday will be taking place from 12pm to 3pm PST. stream will be live before then. see you there!
We can feel the excitement, Luke. Thanks for trying us out!
Hey, I've just followed you. You can reach out anytime.
Aesthetic as its finest Glad to know you're having a great time
Hubby was watching MV Loch Seaforth on marine traffic following your course giving me a commentary ever so often
Replying to _Graham. If your for him, he must great.
BILBAO
Everything seems so temporary.
I like to think so but dunno sometimes. Thanks for the kind words though
Let me know if free to meet up today! in the Expo Hall.
Thanks, Ric. I didn't feel it at the time, but it's nice to hear.
Of course you can im gonna cheer on your weds from here
let Gemma know I picked her these up, left them at for her
Nope, all over your head.
lechon na pud ta again
Early to bed early to rise makes you healthy, wealthy and wise.
Thank you for sending your pic
Joy ? this'll put a on your face Have a good Take it easy ..
The HATE only make me greater and anything attached to me going to be GREAT
I'm gonna drop the hardest freestyle of 2018
Oui et toi ?
Some photos are on my page. He was definitely faster than I thought he would be.
DM you. very simple.
A friend is fostering those melt your heart balls of fluff! I've yet to meet them...
Then, you shall be spammed with floofs.
Thank you for sending your pic
You are really cute not only your face, you are cute all yourself
... Planning for 2019 garden look with new bulb additions in progress
Nice opening with Sehun + LAY!!! Finally~!
Etla to the concert
Thanks!
good morning! Praying today is a better day.
Anjo, sdv?
your Insta story just made my day and it's made me adore you even more now
Live seeing you support the guys.. And indeed I did. Love your category. Incredibly talented lads in there!
You too thank you.
Promoting Sapporo beer so the company can donate more to disaster affected area
Cheers!
Last cut of the year. oh my OCD
I shall watch this thing
Um, nope, not trying to make you feel anything
Her eyes says so. Despite of what happend
TI doing the work of Black Jesus!
If you already please go subscribe to this lovely lady
oh, it really is
My life everytime with everyone!! I just don't text anyone anymore.
do you still teach this in your geography lessons??
happy now
Thanks Jennifer, you too
Huge thank you to everyone who competed at we hope you enjoyed this weekend as much as we did
That gap QUEENS!!!!!!
Thank you po.
Nna aburo m onye beer. dunno how it's like.
Show me a better goalkeeper
Anjo, sdv?
I love this song
Oh!... How Grateful thou shall be when I buy u the Drink u only take on Christmas day.
Twigged too late - but still enjoyed my reply
Vou tentar mas acho que sim
Alia's singing voice is sweet
I think just gonna go with a trim lol just my tips.
Then why not?
Thank you Rhei Javier for this. Me and my David Ezra NA / IKAW ANG LAHAT SA arranged by Danny Tan.
Happy Sunday Morning so grateful to you Lord for another day thank you
Live your best life Mammi
I'm so excited let's get lunch when get meet up!
Hope you're all having a great weekend. Thanks for all the likes and RTs. We appreciate your support.
Love it , Iv subscribed
Served looks Thursday-Saturday and I am completely satisfied with Homecoming
Head in the clouds
Good morning
Awww que tierno aladdin son lo maximo aladdin y
The Holy Spirit did that, not me.
Good Night
Sommer is so cutee i cant handle it
Thank you !! I can't wait for you to read it!
Gorgeous.
Yup good and legal . Harvest was sweet this year plus i have some in my not so secret garden
Thank you! This is very informative.
Followed.
Baekhyun running towards me
thank you
Mother of god, it's Brazilian twins! (34 Photos)
Happy Birthday Amrah
Stay Blessed
That's good to know
The best talaga paramore
Power Las amo!
The latter, thankfully.
Happy Sunday Morning so grateful to you Lord for another day thank you
Awesome! Looking forward to it. well done Moe!!
Pre Order Kris first Album is available now
Aw! tag your friend
Been far too lazy today Linda. So it's perfect thanks
Shine Bright Like A Diamond
How's your Sunday going?
feeling of admiring someone
Thanks pal
Green Day - American Idiot. Should be the anthem leading up to any vote, anywhere in the , imo.
Buy album in Apple Music then stream in Spotify
still thinking about her.. hope she got lots of rest and the kithes and cuddles she deserves
welcome Jose, thank you.
Thank you This is the right type middle,so perhaps I will be able to handle. play with this . enjoy
Thankyou
happy birthday to my baby whose not a baby anymore
hi ladies! Would you recommend charcoal face cleanser? Thannks for the help
You this
Coming round at 6
She is girltrend mika of the noontime show its showtime. Just so you know.
You this
Coming round at 6
Study music
Amazing Blacktype weekend we have had. Truly amazing.
nrfdzlynaa
HappyWeekEnd .. Time to relax
late but thank you
Have a relaxing Sunday everyone
no hangover. a accomplishment.
I'm missing my rations I feel the need to return to the 1930s
Yo just a reminder that your Dodgers are in the World Series
Please can you report it!
Get a dog, if you want loyalty.
It's gonna be a cold, cold Christmas for Boris
I never make it to see the stream lol, always end up seeing you hosting.
Esta tan grande...
Tan linda
Es tan buena
Agreed my friend
We all come for different reasons Whatever your reason got the right classes for you. your Monday
Happy Sunday Morning so grateful to you Lord for another day thank you
Thank you
it's free
when will the album be out ? And a tour maybe love such a good song x
This December it's going to be 5 years
Haha. Yes, they are. Everyone loved them. Thanks a lot.
PS I myself ate the most pieces.
Good luck to one of my team mates Go smash it, already a winner though
Thank you
Will be waiting
Sakuchan is so pretty today have a sweet dream, good night, i love you the most
Congratulations Alan, and welcome! Hope doing well
I support truth and justice
No judgements until the allegations are proved.
Fall temperatures have arrived. I am at peace now. Time to put on my hoodie and walk confidently out the door.
Thank you dear
Thank you for the cutie baekho as well
I may be short to you but I will give you the best David and Goliath fight.
We should talk more. Yeah?
Okay thank you very much! x
Oh cool. Will do. Btw you're gorgeous
Never
Stop
Dreaming
Yup. He makes me happy
See you guys today
interested!
It is climbing
Happy smile Have a beautiful sunday, Peter
You shoulda kept them, then
Still, thank you for sharing this awesome picture, bud!!!
*SNORT* Thanks pal
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness
true.
like 75 in orlando lmao the cold front is coming >>>>>
and i can dedicate a few hours to my christmas playlist today!
I want you to enjoy all that litness so don't kill yourself
Mention not bro
Me when I order car parts
I love them all, but if I have to choose then it's Mocha
Excellent thank you
saeng-il chukha-hamnida
My sleepy jagiya
Happy birthday beautiful Queen. May you see many more without aging a day. Stay amazing
My heart feels full
And welcome!
from the conjuring movie
This is a GREAT IDEA! Listen, follow and RETWEET!
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness
Fuck that shiiiiit, just come to CO
Start of a long serie I hope
when will the album be out ? And a tour maybe love such a good song x
Tour stories are awesome seeing everyone countdown and prep for their shows and then fangirl when SHOW
0:13 fam.
happy that the rallies televised in my areaVote blue 16 days to midterms
Thanks EM!
Happy Sunday Morning so grateful to you Lord for another day thank you
I dnt have no bad blood with anybody
Thank you
Buenos
Thanks dear
Best way to start yo mornin
Ok, we are getting a sound engineer & a piano player too!
Ok, let me process it.
This was beautiful.
Looking forward to seeing them
Im glad you finally realize that. I been telling you that for years. Love you jo
Happy Birthday Hanbinnie..
Best of luck.. Please continue sharing heart melting music and mesmerizing dance
nrfdzlynaa.hnfi
Had a much needed VERY good time last nite my Anita Halls 53rd birthday party! was a blast!!! Saw
I'll take your word, my spelling sucks and spells r for the pro's , like yourself ! Thank You
Good night
Lady powodzenia
My bf gets up and makes me tea every morning before work
You very welcome
Thank you
A person like you still say SORRY cuz of late reply and I'm... Impressed.
To express his nervousness
I posted a similar post last night! It's like you know me.
Happy Birthday my boy Wish you a life full of flowers
Fa firru ilaAllah...
Pleasure.
Bless
Thank you so much, Karin. Please start with 'Ava' and work your way up
Get delicious vegetarian ingredients delivered straight to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh
Are you STAY or one of STRAY KIDS's member?
Come and join INTL SQ for you >
2 years
Just in general the original 2 are my favourite...as long as no one says resurrection....
at least you looks in homeostasis with your own self (after your trans'ition)
Thank you ma'am
Most definitely Thank you. Hope having a lovely weekend xxx
Cutie
My favorite bt21 character is Koya and i don't have favorite lyrics because i love them all so i can't choose
Thanks for the follow
Happy birthday to the best leader of iKON
The most important thing is to be happy and healthy hanbinah
Love
noktalar
We're proud to create awareness about breast cancer among our esteemed passengers. Hope you had a great flight.
My mom
Hey everyone! Feel free check out the new single I've released on SoundCloud!
me to, I love it
No pares hasta lograrlos
Miserable bastards!
Thank you
mooh merci
Free to ask
Yup... But not that much..
Love that GIF
less than 24 hours til mono.
I live it every Sunday
only watching for Shan! so amazing
Happy Birthday James Fajarito sorry and thank you sa lahat pogi....sana okay kalang...mbtc i'm here for you
P U N Y E T A
My first ball of yarn all used up! I'm creating a couple of scarves as my first set of crafting projects
(By
Thanking God for making it through another week BLESSED! Happy Sunday
What is a little kit? I like all those things
De nada
Trade for Amari Cooper and bring back Dez Bryant
Oh yesss pleeeease ! Thank you
Schedule food deliveries when they're convenient for you! Enjoy 30% off your order with this
What a class game by Kohli & Rohit! If they maintain this form till next year mid, then hopefully we can aim for World Cup
Neither of us are fans of either team so we don't have to argue
Hey you want following me on Twitter please just fan you let me know
They are using warm colours filter. colour temperature tings.
ama
Te liaz conmigo Quiere lioooooooooooo
TO ALL THOSE WHO ARE SAYING THAT EXO IS ONLY 8 MEMBERS, ONE BIG FUCK YOU. EXO The 5th Album
MESS UP MY
positive comments from kfans
It's like you feel so special right? G'night!
Hope you had a great run! Much colder than last year's race.
No problem! Nice to connect
always a reason to smile
is looking for a cuddle buddy hit her dms
Yes I do
Beautiful! Both versions! Erry version
If bevuma so be it
And animals. But still applies.
I'M SO HAPPY SANA LAGING GANTO.
My Gracie
Pleasure.
It was very beautiful indeed thank you for sharing that video even if it was the last firework
If you need any advice with putting sleepers around your pond please hesitate to ask
Came here to suggest that too! It's a great way to get a loaner cat and do something really important!
I'm glad you like it, Rin! It's been fun drawing your sona.
POVD - Brunette teen sucks and fucks
Met on Twitter, then in real life
Ur account/ web page influencing people to do what? Hmm influence ppl to vote on election day
what I looked at today
Thanks
No 7, Kampala street, wuse 2
If I could go back in time to meet anyone in history ... it would be Stan laurel and Oliver hardy
Thank you ladies and and for making my birthday the best
This trend was lit mome
Thinking of bringing it back next year re-defined
Check the Official Twitter
Good Morning
Woke Up Body Hurtin ..
Love a productive Sunday 1 week until half term
these to the ASOS here to help
Varmi isteyen
Thank you Doctor same to you
Just starting The Bodyguard
Okay thank you x
Love that matches
Watching with thanks to even splashed out on popcorn
correct
No "Tanti's" smileys without and every day, every time she gets a good mood
It's never too late to follow your dreams. May inaantay lang sigurong magandang timing for you
goodluck for your final i miss you. see you soon.
You can stream it online at
Hi baby! Thank you for making us happy thank you for all your efforts in writing and producing songs for your
Hope is voting for her look-alike on bcz a good singer.
Thank you a beauty Katie x
I will watch a fb live later, even it's so late na. godbless. I will support you, no matter what.
14 billion pounds of garbage are dumped into the ocean every year most of it is plastic
My gf and I play pool and bet things. I won a brunch on her so using it today
Yiee hit me up anytime bebe
We're in the same boat then, struglings whatever it is. We'll make it right? We're a warriors.
Great for the school library ... kids break & lunchtime reading
Siap oppa moe usahain
Show off
[FANCAM] B.I - One and Only
Full:
Because it's
lemme share my fancam
Sharing scary stories with you and vice versa will always be a favorite type of bonding I will always look forward to
Me gusta rayarme la cara
Last 16 Minutes Vote Thalapathy...
Thank you
What a joy when even children are in the move of salvation
Jesus Christ To All Languages
Ha ha at least I tried
..*
*See your self and then Live your life will not
Thank you Doug
better takyah post, tunjuk kt public and just simpan for you guys ja because someone else closer tu you might terasa
The Range Rover Vogue Tho, One Of My Dream
Diabetes ...... i still wanna go there tho
Anjo, sdv?
A big YES to this
It was their Sunday hook up
I believe finally back
We missed you som much now complete again
Arsenal is still our beaten stick.
It's not my thing either so I must have Resting Take That Shit Somewhere Else Face.
Kasa dla lady
Been couch bound because of my car accident & been binge watching how can anyone thumbs down her videos ?! lovely
Nice
Happy Birthday uri leader ~ Hanbinnie
Good evening
Thank you for your beautiful comment
Lovely tones!
Looks lovely Dave
I've just bought your book Simon and am only on page 8 and am well hooked ! It's a Very good read
Que lindo! Gracias
Coming soon...
Thank you Dave If you need any advice just give me a shout and I will try help where I can
Thanks po Doc, noted
It was groovy! I'm a huge custard fan
it will be released tomorrow
Hey keep calm. God is with you.
Most of y'all are now asleep, so, realtalk time!
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
missing out
Great too Dan got to explore some wilderness outside our town, for a boys weekend away. I had a
i will watch a fb live even it's so late na. godbless. i will support you, no matter what. ilyouuuuu, baby
Eek very excited to start packing this week for my holiday 4 more days of work
thank you!!
Lovely shots, still one of the best game I have ever played
Yo! I saw you there i hope you enjoyed ur visit
Love ya
Happy Sunday Morning so grateful to you Lord for another day thank you
Help us spread awareness! appreciate your s and RTs!
Wishing wishing wishing
sjdjaksksl this is so cute can't wait for full video
a newly found love but which one out of these 3 kids tho??
When the time is right, God will make it happen.
La Sud is back
How curving your son all 2019
Ramp wid somebody else picney
Thank you
Floor for Kerrang magazine
Floor para la revista kerrang.
We would have to check your account to clarify that. Could you please follow us on Twitter so we can send you a DM?
I hope your doing good papi
Goodnight
My beautiful feet need a new pedicure. $40 to my PayPal should cover it.
Dm for email.
What garden were you at in the second picture ? Its pretty ! You got lucky the weather was nice !
can't agree more
Hopefully get both at some point
Super thala nee update correct tta thara
Winners never quit and quitters never win.. with
Any of these persons can sell you a pre sold
thank you!
Cute Aqours First Years
(fb)
Ruby:
Hanamaru: me
I don't know what's going to happen, but it's a lot more fun to be optimistic!
Magomed shut it down!
Drop that if you needed this
Tag a friend that needs to hear this
.
.
.
Thank you
My favourite season
Probably very wise
Good Morning!
The furious mongoose fends off lions ...
heat kissed
Yiiie thank you po. See you next sem hihi
Thank you Mercy
Thank you so much FAM
Yr very welcome Henk
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Is there any obvious difference between a native Goldfinch and a winter visitor? Thanks
Going well ladies, Best of luck in your Olympic quest.
AWWW I am blushing. Thanks for the compliment.
Current $WAVES price: $2.00
We checked! Binance registration is currently open
Thank YOU!
This is me
Huge congratulations to for at - brilliant - just brilliant
I love u with all of my heart I hope that I will see you one day anyway have a wonderful day take care of you
I'm a multifandom but I tweet about BTS most of the time. I stan iKON and GOT7 too.
Awesome Well done! Keep up the fabulous work!
Just make sure they shovel dirt into their mouths first.
I was born in 1997 too
Hi baby! Thank you for making us happy thank you for all your efforts in writing and producing songs for your
A peace of mind !
RT White wine is a constant proof that God loves us and loves to see us happy
.
.
.
We're happy to hear that you enjoyed it. We're also super excited to see what the future of our EQ's will hold.
Thank you to some elfs for welcoming me i really appreciate it
Voto a Vicentina
Proud na proud ang meme mo sayo sa sagot mo
I need calling
FB mi oynuyor?
i love attention.
Fab thanks
I'm on the 5:2 diet
Cheers Sandhya... Moment to celebrate indeed...
Spoiler king, indeed.
Of course me and Leo would come home with the caravan key that allwyn and Taylor are still staying in
lovely Natalie
Can I just say this weekend has been a blast and will propel me through another week
Thank you ppl for making time.
Doing a lot today! I hope everyone has a great day and forget to give yourself some love! self care is important
Sam you did the right thing she likes chocolate and you are to nice for her
Miao!!
I intend to drink quickly anx heavily today! But by 7pm local time, i shall be im bed!
It's nice being able to show out-of-towners the nicest parts of Peterborough. Perfect afternoon for food and some drinks at charters too
va
My claim to fame. I refuse to watch this rubbish anymore. Have not seen one show this year. Happy bunny me
I just wanted to let you all know that I had a really good night lastnight
gracias!
I think you need a open & close director chair's so comfy saves putting a chair together
Si! Gracias Neng.
It was the suitcase that reminded me of this E type I drooled over a few weeks ago
like, follow share. Got a variety of topics I'm sure you'll like
welcome
Thanks for the follow
Looking lovely
Senyuman jahat
Follow
Follow me Partner
Follow me Partner
Exactly I just find things too confusing. Black is black and white is white for me. Its the not
can you just mention me because I think amazing? Or should I have a proper question?
Sorry for the delay my dear haha
My final goal for the year is 100 lovely subscribers I hope I can make it to that by the end of the
ganda ng mga geotagged posts sa IG meron pang iba na from other countries
hop in my inbox unless asking for my PayPal
Oh thank you. Oohh..that means I write classy sex scenes. Move over Fifty Shades! Or should that be Barbara Cartland!
You are so handsome
Your smile is so cute
I am very happy
Thank you so much
Nothing like that of the blacks, gonna look real kindof..
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off
happy!
Delicious flavour
Thank you so much
and ofcause the piece of very old wood,which before was a old ship,travel around the world and now may tell his own stories
Woo hoo ...The tailgaters are ready
Imagine you trying to heal, then somebody come hurt you again
Hope every one has a bless Sunday
90 Day Fiance tonight
be cute today
kena cabar. 5 month from now
Hihi thank you!!
Sounds like heaven! Love the pics.
Aku juga dapet euy.
Happy Anniversary
Hi kuya hintayin po namin mga pictures namin ha.
Get well soon mate take your time
Ah such a beautiful day
You could break it down into seconds to make it seem geological eon-class age (?)
Lol, they kill such beauty , there is some kind of freedom if you are smart enough here
wait.. will be rooting for it. Your story
Have a safe flight to Korea.. you guys must be
facto
After Mass kay Turks daw ang kaonon haha amawa haha
2 years ago on Halloween, our largest litter found us. Here are Linus and Lucy the pocket-size version.
hey congrats. Bro. She liked your comment too..
Oh how I wish
Quoi de neuf ?
Waiting for the right time
your point is well illustrated here
I do
MercedesBenz: _BABACAR We're happy to hear that you enjoyed it. We're also super excited to see what the future of our EQ's will hold.
Let's be mutuals
Thank you
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness
Is your name really karma? No but had ALOT of crap thrown at me in my life - karma has been my friend. I
Happy birthday. I hope you have a wonderful day
Thanks once again
You guys are the best.
Provence, France
Drop that if you needed this
Tag a friend that needs to hear this
.
.
.
Pigeon awesome giveaway
it's all in the mindset. choose positivity
Congratulations DM us your details to grab your free Sivakarthikeyan T Shirt !! Thank you fans for
glad you had a great time! Thanks for coming out
Made the chocolate cake today. not the prettiest but the kids are happy
Awwwwww I'm right in front of u
Yeap
When ang results? Pray pray pray.
I used to have one of them
You are so welcome, hun. Will Twitter ever learn?
Sunnies bring out the bunnies (65 Photos)
RevenRock i like it
Of fantasy!
Thank you so much for the share!
Kisu... always remember that we will always be here for you
Granny said "help the bear, pour honey on me"
Finally in Dublin see you in a few hours I am so excited
nope won't let that happen
I that!!
Speaking at The Way Church this morning where Josh and Emily Waldoch are the pastors. Looking forward to it!
good evening with sweet smile
Super Sunday superb look
Awesome New hair style
Beauty in
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness
Beautiful varnish !
Good Morning Enedina
Game Day
140 followers thank you (yes I do this every ten followers)
Have a good day
Photo: Amir Kashiryfar
Samsung s8, Android, 8.4.75.670 armV7
Anyone recommend any decent exterior painters? we need our house painting!
It's the community doing the giving!
All i did was give them a place to do it!
A huge thank you to everyone what a great atmosphere as always.
let us know what you think, when you've tested the menu out for yourself
Look at your huge smile . a happy boy
Awesome!!
Yeah
I think it's pretty much just little indies for me really for the rest of this year after I get my D3 and Smash
HAHA no no
happiness is...a really good massage
someone's playing a good sport, once a brother always a brother
big respect to my man right here!
Have degenerative discs in my neck, its the only thing that helps me too.
meet my newly found friends Hans & Joana)
next time guys! nice meeting u all
Aww thank you
Hope TWICE and ONCEs could do this for more years to come just as Jihyo said they'll be doing this until they're 30
Just a little SnapChat fun
Thank you for sharing that!
I was so happy for him, and for the rest of Irish people
OPEN HOUSE TODAY
6 Washburn Rd Pequannock
Stop by and see this Beautiful home. 1-4 Pm. $619,000. Low taxes
See you all soon! In Paris now, getting closer
Your life is certainly not boring with Theo aroud!
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness
So Cute
and congratulations on your Best International Group award!!!
Less than to go!! Thanks to support like yours, I know we will get there
Thank you
We need this in our life How incredible
It looks like it's on an alien planet.
when do you think next be touring in the uk?
20181022
HAPPY B.I DAY
Wish the joy that you have spread in the past come back to you
love how everything is getting prepared for me to come to texas
Di ko inexpect yun. Lol. Pero I'm so happy Thank youuu
So grated to celebrate my amazing 92nd birthday today! catching up with my dad.
Goodluck
Same Bracelet with
By vileohandicraft
Good note to self, I need to tell myself as well!
Did someone say...abroad?
So lucky to have such a gorgeous family & lovely friends, totally spoilt on my birthday, thank you Loved the
Nothing to worry about, dear. Just binge-watching HIMYM.
Ghost is a film not web
You need that now and again! we hope next week is a good week for you.
We can be friends
big uwu
It's good to have sometime to relax...
Congratulations to our hardworking men
Simply say no and smile it works for me every time
I only love Drake, my son and my momma sorry
P.S. I had hellla fun last night! The Forum
A Grammy Nomination Certificate + a free Voting Membership ! Bravo
Fight for Justice muna
yes wait
Only so many characters in a tweet The paper and the OpenNeuro readme section have tons more detail
Shubho Bijoya team and waiting
2nd! Or both
Ya larger time frames are lookimg week.. even i am looking for shorting opportunities.. lets see
So I like it, that you get up to put on my laps
Last night was so much fun
boiz will always be boiz
That's very kind of you Roger I don't go to any of the games I leave that to
Wow! It's about time I'm getting to know this! Merci!
will you help a brother out and buy my book
Native
i think you'd like this account
Everytime I open my fridge and I see yogurt and or Capri Sonne my problems just seem so small
Early out saturday BRGY. STA. ROSA 2
Always doing best for me & my happiness
it is great to see a of our after a long time
Thank
Love yourself and other people will love you too...
Thank you so much boo
I think super ganda nang smile mo have a nice sunday, Maegan!! I HATE IT but thank you!!! hehe happy sunday!
Hope for the best
Those were the days !!!
but getting distracted by this misty rain
welcome have a wonderful day-Dani
Thank you
What ah great day to be alive
Would be up for it?
Thank you, Nugget
By this app download it from chrome you can't find it in play store
If you want to know how to
Happy Sunday Deities creams are formulated to nourish your skin and your soultogether with the Rose Quartz
:
I have to work but catch my dad there getting his jersey signed
Hi pretty lady
She got me wine
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
Nanite Twitter
Thank you
What a lovely idea
Gracias, Isa
Aww thank you I love it too
Check the reply to the tweet
Stratis $STRAT price: $1.44
Binance is TEMPORARILY accepting new users! GO!
Sure! I have only one group pb now with a mark sleeve that I can exchange for that
Send hate or tareef
Thank you
Happy Birthday shisterrrrr have a nice wholesome day bitch
I have just pne reason why i love you... 'you'
happy birthday na krub kim hanbin:) rak na krub
Very very welcome hope having a lovely Sunday with feet up chilling out with a glass of wine
Van a ir a pasear en bici?
I'm gonna start with someone who I think needs lots of love right now - he is a lovely person and
And my thick gravy...
Types of Girls:
*Motivated
*Moti_Weighted
but you brushed it of well
Ate yung story nyo po na lost and found is about Elaine and Ricci or elaine and cj?
Oh why thank you!
Sa mga students ko da: You, guys, are always deserving to be happy.
ur my dream girl
living in my dream world
i'm in luv with u
please dont wake me up
My cleaning out fit as I reclaim the second bathroom
I mean jam flavor combos like figs with anise seed
Hanging out with the talented laurenmodeldancer during our shoot in San Francisco!
Thank you leen!! God bless
/wts/ Harga 50k/pcs. Minaat?? Reply ! Nanti aku dm in format ordernya. Ada merch yg lain juga kok
/rlt/ Harga 50k/pcs. Minaat?? Reply ! Nanti aku dm in format ordernya. Ada merch yg lain juga kok
{np} Harga 50k/pcs. Minaat?? Reply ! Nanti aku dm in format ordernya. Ada merch yg lain juga kok
Well, in all fairness you were definitely the best MOH! So, I definitely understand why you get asked!
need more of those nights
go do zera
Well she did that to me with Yeonwoo and Nancy and I could never be happier
Thank you Eve really appreciate your lovely message
Bitch I can't gain 1 pound I'm a gift
Family out together Raurkela, Orissa, India
I have just one reason why i love you... 'you'
happy birthday na krub kim hanbin:) rak na krub
Fb?
The man in the black shirt who intervened = who is he?
Oh my... thank you
I declare you, Queen of the Selfie
Hi, so uh I kinda want to dom you and then for you to dom me back since we're both switches cause you're
I dnt have no bad blood with anybody
It's fun, entertaining, fuels confidence in myself, and I just plain like it.
And that is
Hello no worries
New Fan here wooooohhh im excited for the comeback
I hope my Twitter-acquaintances can appreciate the title, even if they don't dig Josquin Desprez.
Thank you
Update show per today ya Jee
Merci beaucoup
But ANYWAY modeling for Calvin Klein this Tuesday
Mighty Mazda !!!
Rig looks like it works to me! As long as you can achieve what you want with it.
Welcome babe
yg td minta mention
Mmm, that looks good! Good morning, Brian.
The saem, thank you
Day One: Hi Twitter! Hope everyone is having a swell day!
Day 2867: Gimme your best tweets about vag.
thanks for the follow. We hope to see you on Thursday
BRAND NEW VIDEO ON MY CHANNEL
Check it out now
FREE Burn District, Mystery, History & Romance -
Congrats Madam and to the entire OrgComm... Next year po uli
I'm happy with a DM
very excited and waiting the episode
1 ay 4 metrelik
On the contrary, i love how loose these sketches are!
Thanks, I'm becoming stronger and happier now
One happy footballer in our house too
Sdv
Ahn ah. Leave me to enjoy free birthday blessings nah. Yewie, thanks jarey
Ez meg a
Me too
Hush
Sir, you have been to watch hope you have not seen the
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Fan pic! Meet Cordell
she is really sobrang ganda sa personal. I just saw her last Friday.
Congrats stray kids for a success showcase Thanks for all your hardworks boys
Uri Seungminnie too, thanks for
Awesome. Want to meet outside Market so I can make good on my promise of coffee?
He lives a couple houses down, very domesticated, he wanders around and is very friendly.
Thank you!!! It was amazing!!!!
Thanks! I just learned my lesson
My life is not define by what u think about me or speak about me. I define my rules of my game
I just love being me! Goodnight
I know you miss me too
Sabar mas...
Most 150+ scores in ODI
1. Rohit Sharma - 6 times
2. Sachin - 5 times
3. Gayle , Jayasuriya , Amla and Warner - each times 4
Thank you.
Map mouri menm
Enjoying Charmed on !!!!! reliving the 90s with 3 of my fav girls
Now a bacon roll!
Sexy and very pretty
Guess so
Just found out about and I won't be wasting any more time EN/FR -
politely clapped at that performance.
I have just pne reason why i love you... 'you'
happy birthday na krub kim hanbin:) rak na krub
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
just ready for my birthday to come
Glad you made it down to see us
Just spent about 75 hours on it and loved it
You may want to consider locking your bedroom door tonight.
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness
Hello, Marilyn!
Good Luck!
Church this morning
hope you are having a great weekend btw
You are coming to my hood yeiy..kyetla
Natural is good but a little can go along way of enhancing it
I see. Most of international fan use the fancafe too. You can also use it too, if you didn't
I support this movement
Leader of the sexy Racks (90 Photos)
it's Okay to be selfish to the person you love
Congrats I hope it be double triple in coming days
Have a word with the quite good at sorting out tricky problem people !
Their precious faces
On a side note come catch ya girl at the Willowick DMV
Oh lay is back
Aw, you two are cute together.
This theme have some wano country (one piece) vibes on it and i love it
God's love is sweet. Praise God, Bert. Proud of you!
Actually I like them both !!!
may audio and slightly clearer version po enjoy
fact: hindi ko napansin na navideohan ko pala
Ne mutlu ki bize
My dad just admitted that I have given him some small appreciation for trumpet playing.
very welcome
another teaser at 10am kst tomorrow good night to exo-ls and only
i love you
Thank you! Collectively known as The Peanut Gallery...
close!
CONGRATS LEAGUE OF DOMINIONS! ESPECIALLY TO YOU KID IM SO PROUD OF YOU!! galiiiiing
AY ANG GANDA MG SULAT NI ATE ALY! HAHAHAHA. SA SULAT MO ATE ENE UHMM, NO COMMENT
join the forces
Glad you enjoyed goosebumps takes me back to my childhood. I used to love the books
Wow so cute bmark always makes me happy
So cool!
Thinking of making a curry this evening. Thank you for your company today. See you later
wait to get home and roll up this wood
to master all 13 chapters, still a long journey
lovely sitting next to you last night
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
This is the best my wash and go has ever turned out
With ur lies rather
Happy Birthday Princess!
Sparkly, spooky nails
It hits no.1 already we're all in
I ordered a new wig
Happy birthday!! You look great
i'll get there. in Your perfect time.
Bon
Thank you
I just dropped $150 on costumes and props for videos, telling you ready
Deep, but what are your testicles doing out in a place where mosquitoes can get to them?
Go Dyl - great hosts!
I got player of the day again! Free Airsoft match next time. I'm so happy
dead ass if i have my car back this week going to scream
Lovely to see you treasure the old (?) and broken. More you fix it, you love it more. just like us human
Love this guy
A couple of happy sweaty humans
No., I actually meant "WHO IS" Thanks anyway
thank you soo much
Thank you
I can private message you our address & my phone number. be here all day
Ah that's nice, I might do. Or keep it till a Sidley game, next year Ooh the fan club weekend sounds fun
so nice of you Doctor thank you. try not to make myself sick ha! Have a lovely day dear Doctor
I'm ok
. Would you ever consider releasing an album of all the covers you've done? Pleeease!! xx
Thank you dear Sara
Omg I just found a cuute Brooks Brothers sweater at the thrift for $5!!! Happy Sunday
Watch me lose my shit tomorrow again when Twice drop their 2nd teaser. I'm hoping for a video teaser. Hehe.
You did a great job! I know how you feel I'm seeing less inktober drawings from others every day as well so we're not alone!
How exciting! Enjoy the trip
Oh King B
I enjoyed that
and your point is
170 here. Went salah over aguero against Southampton. don't think I've ever been this successful
Reminder
No one really knows, i understand. Thank you btw.
I know you are only trying to help so thank you for your advice.
Wow! I'm so happy for our Jiminie.
Thank you
Once i care, i really care anymore. Once i wanna leave, i really wanna leave
Happy Sunday Deities creams are formulated to nourish your skin and your soultogether with the Rose Quartz.
By beauty I meant you of course
Done
I do not Doug
Ate April liked
OT9 AHIHI.
Congrats bhai...
*sees the one spaghetti noodle I threw into the mac* hehehehehe
"You are such a child."
I am.
Of course not bc I am an innocent and pure being that is under the age of 21
Had a fab day thank you Molly was definitely with us on the beach beautiful weather
Great film
We will soon see who this new character is. Are you looking forward to SLASHDOG volume 3?
Thanks Steve!
Thanks
Specch highlights please
I just followed you hehe
And you can call me Nindy. I'm from Indonesia. Nice to meet you, Ve
Thanks Liz!
Come here
Gonna pray for you shai!
Twitter keeps going funny but please keep me in
Was Athena at the Eagle, great atmosphere n music. Aaawwww come with him n can cuddle both
I love you. I love the new song thank you for saving me
Really beautifull personnality, follow her she know how to make us smile
Plenty
I have jimin L version to trade for your jungkook L version from uk dm me
kindly check dm please
Hobbies?? Making people happy, even if it starts hurting
These selfies ALMOST make me forget it's Monday (55 Photos)
Sounds good to me
Dear
Please
He was only making a joke which was about his boyfriend.
Thanks
my mini
Ok. Good to know! I will keep that in mind for future events like this. I appreciate you letting me know.
Cheers
Domingou
Picture credits ~
Follow me and use our hashtag to showcase your work
Do Like our
19 Years old...
hi hello thank you for the motivation hahaha badly needed ako na lang magssmile sayo sa school HAHAHAHA thnxxx
Voted in the advance polls for
Bien hecho Army buen trabajo en equipo
It feels like fall us finally here. And it feels really nice
I know what my heart wants but i just love being alone. Me & myself just okay
So beautiful me encanta eso
Have an amazing stream!! try and stop by
& My Baby Birthday In The Same Month I Just Love December
Congrats.
Anjo, sdv?
could u plse tell me I can buy ur book profile of the disappearance of Madeline
Kisu thank you for taking care of us like you can. You're like our oldest brother We love you so much
Oooh I love it!! And she love it too!! Thanks!!!!
w audio and slightly clearer version po enjoy
fact: hindi ko napansin na navideohan ko pala na
I laughed so hard at this - would you mind if I 'borrowed' it?
Most 150+ scores in ODI
1.Rohit Sharma - 6
2.Sachin - 5
3.Jayasuriya ,Gayle ,Amla and Warner each 4 times
Selfie time!!!
Happy Sunday
I was crying before this was released and my happiness jumped out thank you EXO
I, too, wish to laugh this way everyday
Hai guys ! Tolong RT rezeki saya
We Bare Bears casing for only RM 10
Follow to
Let us know if you have any cans we can pick up
Which one should we use?
or just ?
Personally I like more the first one
Happy. Blessed. Thankful. Padre Burgos, Quezon
As a fellow doodler I agree!
FREE Burn District, Mystery, History & Romance
happy B.I-day to the not so baby leader we're of the same age already! hooray to 96x love you BIBI!
I am debilitatingly poor. But thank you
miserable and this thread is a bop. below i will insert threads that contradict this shit.
May I be followed by you?
I might be the lamest person I know and I love it
The Curious Creations of Christine McConnell
- watch this series if you like cooking shows with a little bit of magic and puppets
You're very welcome
Nothing like fresh nail slay.. Pure bliss!
Thank you
just about to start it, wait
happpyyy 21st birthdayy!!! I hope you have a the greatest day! I love you so much!
Thank you
Indeed, square it off
I am! Only once a week for 90 minutes tho but I'm glad! I'm so lazy so this way I learn much more
Pleasure
crazy how life works out
This is so true! Hope you find the answers you need, whatever they may be.
never expect too much
now i can sleep peacefully
the best feeling to wake up walk into your WALK in closet and walk out
rien de
But I love it
Thank you for everything you do! I hope you have a good rest when you go back to Korea!
Thanks
It's good to smile today.
I'd love to see some on local-cultural topics, recipes/traditions from the Netherlands
Me after the release of the video
excited
Adorable
Goodluck with your internship
Happy birthday I've always looked up to you let's continue to love and support our boys I
It should work for you as well.
Thank you
Will do! Thanks a lot
Ha ha... so were we
really out here like
/\
/ \ |
|
I love meeting new people and traveling to new places, an honor to be part of something SO special!!
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
RT "We got this." When asked if they needed help. 3rd grade doin' it on their own
I can't stop smiling
Guys, I bought this bundle! I'm so excited and the order is processed!
Oh no problem! I'll look into setting that up
Thanks for taking the time to tell me more about this.
beautiful in the winter, especially at Christmas! Just a few flurries today, not enough to stick to anything
Fifth Grade Parents...please feel free to contact me with any questions or concerns!
Hope you enjoy the break.
Thank you
24 Nov...unless things have changed
How's your trip on Australia?
Last night was fun! I love my friends
Change your time to Korea (SEOUL)
okay take your time
I like that reply thank you!
Grateful for attending this event.
Motivated and inspired.
Happy to see how movement empowers people to fuel
No work tomorrow
Beautiful!
Happy Birthday Kim Hanbin. Thanks for always be there with iKON n ikonic
You're welcome Joy! Sana nagustuhan mo
Merci Namjoon Je t'aime
sleep tight and sweet dreams
We'll have one waiting for you, Molly!
I never lose I either win or I learn
Same to you and those adorable kids!! Happy Sunday!!
Being obsessed with me will not make your life better. Gone on. Be productive
Binance gives free money with airdrops!
Click here:
$BTC $ETH $XRP $XLM $NEO
In God's Will,
Everything is certain & great
today, for the first time in a long long time, i woke up appreciated..
just ready for December
Tight
LOL! Hey, awesome! Not only are you perfect, Italian too!
not sure if anybody ever asked you this, but is there a reason why all of dogs are girls? Just curious
I wait til these mfs go on this trip I was going to go but rather have the house to myself and enjoy them being gone
Good Night
They look lovely ..... mine didn't do very well at all this year
Just on here. a sweetheart in real life
If Arnab sees your tweet re: 'boy' cott (!) he'd say that you are indeed ' male chauvinistic '
not a question: galingan mo sa exam mo bukas! awww thank you! will do
I encourage you to still go since a piece of advice may not be applicable to all kinds of experiences.
Nice! I'll get red dead later next year probably. Yep will play diablo 3 with you can't wait for it to be out on switch.
Sunday Munch...
Our inspired stewed oxtail, steamed rice & plantains is spicy & flavoursome...
Happy
Thank you for representing fellow exol's feeling and reaction rn
tapos ko na modern family season one
I love waking up smelling breakfast
Make up SWAP with
Full Face Make up tutorial using one brand
Sunday thoughts aside. I hope everyone is having a good one, don't neglect your games.
That's lovely
Gorgeous day for it!! beat and on a sunny autumn day
sleep tight and sweet dreams
stop using this as an excuse to be childish & have no sense.
As long as I have to jump the fences - might get a circuit of Carlisle in this week
You and me both, Shane!
Gracias, Cristian.
Thank you for being so thoughtful
jeonha
THE MORE YOU GIVE,, THE MORE YOU RECIEVE....
Hmmm ok
wait
If you're not getting sleep, try this!!
But there r sweet people too
Cheer up Kat! Everything will turn out alright in the end here if you need someone to talk to
All I want for Christmas is a silk robe from VS, some Uggs and some make up from Sephora
He was NERVOUS! I know they're just teasing Joon. But, he was nervous, so probably lost in his own head and
Looks great in the frame Jack... sorry it bring you more luck.
Thank you, you too! xx
Traveling to Bali Oct 24-28 for OJK Fintech Days. Wonder if anyone will be around?
I agree with both tweets - both are correct in their own respect.
Well it certainly looks good Dave
There are many of these comments on the Eleven Warriors
coming for thanksgiving
Deep throat high school hookup
I'm waiting for the goonies to come on mate
I just slayed this ponytail
marriage life , god bless both of you...
Hindi naman ate. Observation mo yun eh.Tsaka,in a fan's perspective for me,natural lang yun.Yung
I used to drive a Bedford TK pop wagon, back in the 80's. Bon Accord in Glasgow
These are my people
We did this
It is an indescribable honour to be part of such a fierce and loyal family
Erected upward
I can show ya the ones where he said you meant nothing to him if like
Does it matter that you look beautiful in either?
Finally met a girl
made a playlist of my favorite kdrama OSTs aaaaahhhhh so much feels
"You can't be everyone's cupcakes"
Louis & Anthony with fans last night
Might stream after I finish these assignments
The Korea's Pitch Perfect.
19th thankful and blessed
Sure..
Yes it sure is.
You don't show your muscle to every Tom, Dick and Harry.
My birthday is at
my ca$h app just Incase feeling generous : $ammisosa01
I just got lost in his feed for 10 minutes. Thank you for the suggestion.
Good for you, now please spread the word
Vote early - at your convenience
We MUST
Thank you and your band for doing this amazing tour, so glad to finally see u on stage, loved every minute! U
Watching Everton is like talking with your ex...fucking painful.
Reflecting with gratitude on a truly beautiful week and admiring gifts from and to cast and crew
Well everything is a choice. Our satisfaction in life always depends on us
When the script
takes your breath away.
Ouiii avec plaisir !
R E S S A C A
I do as and when awhhh no way I would love too a cutie
Missed you too I slept good n short but no bad stuff
Try mo mag trigonometry at calculus, lets see if gusto mo pa rin Math
Watching Random Episodes Of
Nhi... Kuchh glt nhi lga...
Good night...
Thank you a beauty Katie x
You were a star a lovely atmosphere judged perfectly. We all know who Jenny Young was now
Girl, it was a travesty. On the bright side, someone dropped your link in the comments! Not sure if you saw
Thank god for waking me and RJ up this morning
We all have our preferences, right? Haha cute ng mga average to chubby guys.
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
That's great to hear.
Thanks for watching!!!!
Guess get cute go out and enjoy my Sunday
Check list: what is always in my bag? And as you can notice I like pink color at all
thankyou
Welcome dear
happy birthday!! take care always ilysm thankyou sa lahat mwa
Honey and lemon in tea usually helps with your voice. Other than that just rest up and relax!! Hope you feel better
Mi y yo
All available
I have a brick outside at the gate with my name on it
Big congrats Andrew Great wisdom from voters.
Thank you
trop ton style Merci beaucoup
Jungkook of Bts
Happiest Birthday to my favorite ball of sunshine! your smile keeps me up everyday! continue to inspire
busay ta pleaseeee Ig sembreak
Ah I'll have to look into it for next year, sounds fun. Do many of the cast go?
Nubian
Oh Hello
Same to U Sarah!
Had some beautiful flowers from my one daughter
Hi
my half birthday!! be rude
Fresh pan it is
Okay na. Thank you
Ocasio-Cortez suffers from RCI. Rectal Cranial Insertion! Talk to her Ass to get better results.
You too Katherine. Just about to watch your spot. keep you updated. Have a lovely rest of the day.
Can I get a follow back?
Sorry I have nothing intelligent to ask, this counts as a question
wait an have faith as long as u stick with your words
really out here like
/\
/ \ |
|
I didn't receive a text, where is mine?
I'm so sorry to hear, it must be worse not being there with Oscar, sending hugs and healing thoughts
That phone call from family that just brightens up your terrible day
about to finally get on the roadd
Oh, so did we
Thank you!
Finally ordered myself copic marker ink refills
So sweet with the teeth mine also had the teeth outside, meanwhile only one
We don't sell the GF parmos every day, they're made to order so the chef's need notice
He looks lovely
Rekomendasi film horror thriller pleaseee. Trims
None the less, I think beautiful and I love black and white portraits so.
Got my red mouchwa ready for this winter
thank you!!!
Loyalty is rare. If you find it, keep it.
My friend's pug Maizy was Billie Holiday at yesterday's Pet-Tober Fest at the Domain in Austin!
Was dying to
be appreciated one day
Good on him, what's his story, sounds fantastic whatever it is
Happy And I Appreciate Your Efforts
Never needed to validate myself for nobody cuz if you REALLY know me then , you know
Brisket Frito Pie from
.
.
.
I think this video says it all
.
.
.
Tonight's one of the best nights ever! Thank you, for bringing us all back to the 90's It's nice to
Love that. Great memories of doing things like that with my Dad.
McDonalds: Igbtarias We'll have one waiting for you, Molly!
I have just one reason why i love you..
.
.
.
"YOU"
Happy birthday na ka kim hanbin:) rak na krub
Sorry. Sadly, no.
starting my Sunday off right
You're welcome
Was coming back to delhi from Khanna
Thankyou hyung
My parents even went with me to my interview
No, it's okay. Thank you
no problem
To the group I stan first and loved so much, you deserve all the things in the world
Thank you
Intl fans are loyal I love how no one left or started ditching Hoony after all happened i'm proud to be an international yellowkie
Yes I know the feeling! One more week!!!
Who do you think it is?
Look what I found at ..@CarmellaWWE & !! I need this in my life!!
Ah Bros , me dey see freshies o. But let me follow you go where you say I go see better ones
A well-deserved finalist! Say hi from me. Enjoy
forget it starts very soon.. Gates opening very soon, fireworks begin from 8pm! Enjoy your evening
Thank you so much friend!
she looks so good with black hair
Give him the link of the teaser and tell him stfu
pray
Grazie
Will miss you for the next four days
super single but ready to get a lil boo
I have just one reason why i love you..
.
.
.
"YOU"
Happy birthday na ka kim hanbin:) rak na krub
d New Offer!!
Our Sponsors are Giving you a FREE BET, When you stake only
Simply
Good Luck!
Take me there then
Adfhjkhdkaj okay then... I feel honored
Well, I don't think I will upload any chapter tonight. Maybe tmr evening.
Thank you
We're always happy to see you, Jackie! Thanks for stopping by!
i have my 3rd double in a row today someone come scream at my scheduling manager with me pls
TRON $TRX price: $0.024411
QUICK! Sign up before Binance closes registration!
Woah awesome! Congrats! Will play asap!
I was going to get the mini one but better cooking in bulk as so lazy! wait to try it
Tom Hollander behind the scenes interview
Thank you for finding it
Thank The Lord for waking me up on another beautiful day.
we had to cancel a couple of sessions so glad it's sorted
I did Christmas dinner drunk. It was fine if I recall but I'd had a few beers...
How was your night? My night was pretty cool thank you
Always make time
Thank you for the kind words, Over <3
Afternoon tea
I think I made it
Luna Mystica
Happy Birthday Sir
God bless you with good health and all the happiness
Watched little bro in a play last night. Was quite entertaining The picture of Hitchcock actually was done by
Yes, have only been before to see the Bluebells which were stunning, so it was lovely to visit today
How does one gain access to the dedicated public service platform?
Well back to the roots! The village, the farm and the warm weather Soaking up the atmposhere
Happy birthday
This is so lovely! Congratulations, and may you have a lifetime of happiness together.
How beautiful my dream thatched cottage lovely
Confirmed today.
Thank you im glad to be part of this fandom
helmets start at & meet safety standards
Method maybe but doubt it slot itself no
Late night convo with my baby
Long weekend thanks NZ holiday. Happy Labor Day!
Would make good pyjamas
Bhai politician to pahla gunda hota hai apne india me aur aise gundo ko haath pair chalane ki practice bhi khub hoti hai
thank youuu!!!
Happy Birthday X
My first ever pumpkin carving
Thank you for the kind words, Karen! We love taking you anywhere you need to be!
' Booa Tarde
We called it Eric time; everyone reading in class
Fresh pan wins. Jyaada cheese nahi. Abhi tender coconut ice cream baaki hai naturals ka
Contentment and peace of mind
I follow you now because I believe our political goals are aligned. I believe we
Comment Yes if you want this.
ORDER HERE:
Perfect for your family members
HAHAHHA
You're the sweetest
8 wkts and 8 overs to spare. Nothing different. Vikrant bhai proven right
Thank you fam!
happy birthday, hope you have a great one jj!
Is there any video online yet? Thanks!
I was tagged by
3 songs, 5 friends:
Burnin' For You -Blue Oyster Cult
Smooth -Carlos Santana
Thinking about saying something nice to you, then...
finding people who have fetishes of things naturally good at makes me happy
Ahh I'm glad to hear that Hope you are enjoying a lovely fall in Norway. A beautiful country I hope to visit one day.
Chu welcome
Well yes everything is ok
im gonna make sum alfredo thursday or friday
No doubt ill be updating too
go round],
D'accord
my daughter just smashed prune mush into my bed & tried to eat a baby wipe. gonna be a long sunday.
Sayang po! Next time
I had a nice weekend thanks a lot
Glad your tickets were good and you got to see BTS I am the
Thank you for today. Im so happy na nameet na rin kita. Go lang tayo ng go a?
Can someone explain what Dahyun and Momo are doing? Thanks.
DahMo is real. STAY BY MY SIDE
never alone This girl here is amazing! Check out the video
I prefer Dutch yogurt (Hollandia) thanks
Really excited to see what you guys think of it
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
All I want for Christmas
We pray for a fast recovery!
Thsnk you so much for the retweet. I really appreciate it.
Nah just something I enjoy doing
I literally boo hoo cried everyday since Friday but it hit me today that THAT BITCH
still crashes at 15 secs now
Pork and apple a marriage, why the fuck not
I'm not taking anybody back that doesn't deserve my time ! How you are in the beginning is how I treat you in the end
BOnne fin d'aprem tout le MOnde Good afternoon All
Can't wait tonight !
Asaf Avidan - The study of
Yup or you could just sleep for tonight then just vote tomorrow. On a daily basis naman to
Look Indians I Will Not reply your questions coz. I Don't reply tiny users
So... plz remember your record
's wife is so cute
You have a very beautiful garden
My friend
I follow you now because I believe our political goals are aligned. I believe we are
Get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off your order
Off to finish off I am so shook after episode 6 but my god it was amazing.
Julie is my fav to watch in studio 7
Thanks, Anne!
Standing room only for our friend culinary demo now in expo hall!
Enjoyed it
Julie is my fav to watch in studio 7
No problem fam, don't worry about it it's just frustrating to me to see everyone giving
I already get paid Thursday oooooh yeah
Happy Birthday madam!! Godbless
Hi Are you STAY or one of STRAY KIDS's member?
Come and join INTL SQ for you >
One thing matters hard work
You get it babe
This is a biggest joke..
Next time use my videos though, k thanks
My favorite on here but I went with my second favorite.
so proud of you Caspar
So excited to see your comeback
Being smart is tiring! meme made by our lovely founder
-Svyy
follow niyo ko sa snapchat guys!!
haha I don't promise, but I'll do my best that I can!
Thankyou we all did our best we could
been watching a lot of shoot interviews recently and love to see do one about CZW & GCW
India in top 10 ..soo happy ..
Indian ARMY 's power and love .. for
RM
.... love
After this morning, nothing can stop me!!
Give me a couple mo years
This just went straight to my bookmarks for down days
Lemme just drop this here. It might be useful
Not at all
club
It was great meeting these amazing players! I can't wait to see what S2 brings!
You will never love if you do not know how to forgive.
Happy Birthday ! Hope its a good one
Good morning fit fam
Have a sweaty Sunday! Whether a fast and furious or deep stretch, find time for you
halloween look on my daughter using inspo from Jenn lee i didnt use a zipper and added gems and
Happy Birthday Ate Tin and Ate Pay Di naman tayo hiwa-hiwalay sa picture nato.
Thank you very much
Hi please sing I Like Me Better by LAUV when u come here in the Philippines.
k tnx bye
Goodnight pips!!
will be wearing pink Tuesday
Have you got a dog? What breed?
Leave a comment below!
tag a friend with a dog
Sure
What a cute name and he definitely would be proud of his best Padawan
I'm back!! or should I say I'm home!
That's what we love to hear, Robert! We're so glad that you love your CR-V!
Welcome, hope things keep getting better for you
I really need a good team , anyone who's here can take me ???
I do what two colors are yours?
Awwww, beautiful pic xxx
Mine was gone immediately after giving birth.
I mean I would love to see what you look like in real. Very curious.
You don't say!!!
Hey Did I earn a follow back?
Dankie babe
Beautiful skies on this cool, breezy morning.
*
*
*
Shop your Avon favorites on my online store at
Seachtain
Ag go le na Seachtaine
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Are you happy? Yes, I am
You too! Hope we can help make you happy too
We sometimes get reviews like this for Disco Zoo and they make me so happy.
Aww thanks . glad to have you as a friend too. Hopefully we meet in person one day!
We do try ^MW
KAU TETAP JADI JUARA DIHATIKU GEGE!! MAKASIH PERJUANGAN NYA!! SEE YOU IN
getting drunk tonight with the fam this shit Rey be hilarious
i wanted to be creative
.
.
Another weekend, another wedding. This
My first vinyl! So pretty! 1958 native songs. Perfect for a Sunday morning
Earth's Heaven Beautiful
It's certainly not something I'd ever do. Then again I am a terrible snob when it comes to travel.
I only dm hot girls
GOD KNOWS these DEMONS, ENEMIES and ACCUSERS are ABOUT TO PAY
How bout them Cowboys!!!
"You're fat"
"You're too feminine"
"You're short"
Yah, I know
He's in tears aww
Good morning
Looking forward to seeing Podge and Rodge back on the Tele. be some craic
Thank You
Someone call the Marshall!! I think my beard coming in
Always loved that photo
Thank you
Thank you Tony
Status $SNT price is: $0.036404
We verified that Binance is accepting new users!
Yes going with some friends and fam hihi!
See you
They looks so adorable
While I'm not looking for an anime/chibi style, I truly appreciate you sharing your work with me!!
Binance gives free money with airdrops!
Click here:
$BTC $ETH $XRP $XLM $NEO
Thanks
welcome!!
But everyone Eats washington Apple
Merci beaucoup
Helow Jollibee.
you deserve every ounce of Happiness
Yes! me!
yes, a lovely combo, kicking myself I do it!
This is true.
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Wait To Carve Pumpkins With My Little Family Today So Blessed To Be Living This Life With Them
I follow you since you have in your bio ANDI believe our political goals are aligned. I believe we
only been in London for like 2 days & my mums started bitching about my weight
So decided. moving to America see you on the other side
You are most welcome
I Hope Mila is Fine and you stream today. Love your content. Family over everything!
Important is you like practicing, take your time to be ready
No Guinness Doug, it's lovely
mad but in a lovely way
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness
forgive you! looking forward to a great gig!
Thank you! Yes very true... given me something to think about!
Me too, how strange
Hey thanks for sharing!
That 4th try yesterday looked like it was straight out of an playbook.
Has 'Soz' been getting tips from
With pleasure!
2 actually
I have jimin O if willing to trade dm me
im expecting more ganaps with them in the future
No video again this week, sorry guys. I should have a blog post up later though
You're most welcome. You might be interested to know that my great grandfather was a J.R. Ward (John Reginald).
Thanks Joey! So glad we got to do this story
Very nice dear Sara, hope you too
It sure looks it, I love tunes like that, in world of own
(The cheque is in the post to you).
Seriously, a balanced, well written complaint
Bought a new book to read today reading fiction is the best escape from day to day stress
Everyday feels like sunday with you
En octobRE on REcule
En AVril on AVance
Whoop whoop congratulations
why chanbaek & kaisoo? overrated. Personal preference, sweetheart.
Love Newcastle I need to go back
The combos are communicating
Pre-order Half Price Payment First Private Message for more details
Rohit & Virat Both players are share the man of the match. It's my opinion
You finished ?
He gets it from me hehe
Smile
Grateful, yes I am.
God bless thick women have a wonderful day
<- My long description for the mod can be found here with some more shots. But this is
The best part of teaching
And then you not allowed to give them any more advanced papers in case
Mon petit drone
open this to make ur day goes
Breathtaking scenery lovely
miss your vlogs! Hope u comeback soon
That's alright! I only just missed your reply saying you were looking for a different style, my bad!
Goodnightyyt da crush. Hope you had a wonderful night goodnight din anon. hehe same to youuuuuu
Thanks for your tag and appreciation
I think all of your cosplay make-up are similar to the
"your real people will support you no matter what is going on". , feel the love from
Welcome
thankyou for taking the GO
thankyou for producing such pretty goods
All these scary movies playing on TV makes me so happy
Cute
It is that weird?
Yeeeeeeeees. The most important item
Thanks Rosie
You win some you lose some
Kim Hanbin a.k.a BI happy birthday
Lightning and thunder last night.
Makes for a beautiful morning
When you made Dom love New York
Klar!
That's good to hear have a awesome day
ONLY KNIFE. I KNOW.
the sweetest
I feel you. That and Netflix.
Haha More than in a Twitter way!
thank you
My name is Piyush
I have no pet
Not useless!
Yeah. Who knows it better than us ?
Heading to a farmers market in the heart of Paulo with & love the art!!!! (will
I am wrong so many times I have lost count of my fallibility. Numpties of the world unite
special guests
McDonalds: Jackie_Erese We're always happy to see you, Jackie! Thanks for stopping by!
Amazing pictures. Wow so attractive girl wow incredible wow
And certainly enjoying my ride downward
Angel? No, I need one.
I have Copter
Pic crd
Also 22 handicap. This means it is even sweeter when you hit a shot that the world's best would be proud of
hey cheer up! aww thanks
We can sign it for you
Starting today through next Sunday is the local fair! Anybody else have fairs coming up in your cities/towns?
No worries fam! Hmu if you have any questions in regards to the ticketing in SG.
I follow you now because I believe our political goals are aligned. And, especially as FLorida
Cute
Or is that weird?
Back to myself! Thanks for asking Mark.
Comme tu dis
Another date afternoon with my lovely husband
I never had passable content & it's cruel to pretend I did. Thanx tho, x
I heard that you people don't like it sha, you want space
Yes ng. Thank you!!
Me too
No me ma is in the height of it all day because she made a boiled egg that tastes like egg is anyone else's ma
Yup Sir Emyr Hedgric Quilliamson the first or Emyr for short lol.
Wanmilyon retweet
No you root for the Red Sox because playing the Dodgers
But adorably, squishy alien as opposed to exploding from your tummy killer.
I love the suit! Different but still awesome!!
And you made 23 characters in total thus far
I have to admit...sometimes I like to feel like a kid and act like this too during a good fluffy snow
Thank you so much, kuya Yves!
This weekend was really successful!
181019 The - Right Here + Giddy Up + Boy (full ver.) /
Its true its not really true
& Happy 21st Birthday!!!
As much as I adore your style, it's not really the kind of thing I'm looking for right now - appreciate you sharing though!
Well she is incredible girl for sure
Had such a good weekend
Aujourd'hui c'est radio
Thank you for making me cry a thousand times, it's making me stronger as days pass by.
1 3 12
What time does it start and finish please?
Already voted for you!!
Going to add you soon
Something new to try as a couple!
Three baby dedications today! Amazing Grace Fellowship
Also done, and thank you
Thank you sweetie I would say the same about your account
Listened to all this while growing up
Looking forward to seeing Podge and Rodge back on the Tele. be some craic
Joy comes in thoughtfulness.
Someone needs this today.
.Go.
Let someone know.
Thank you going to put it up for Halloween xx
Welcome
Really proud of this
Aww lovely Good luck to you and hope you all have a fabulous evening!
Laughter is the best medicine Good night.
Cute kaayo (mi) ang rainbow
Great, result then say hello to them from me
To come and do what??? Farming or fishing huh
Yea:(oof,but he is an angel and everyone loves that sweetheart
Thank you!
Thank you so much Sandra
I'm just getting into plants but they make me so happy
I'd do it for free
With that, I think it's about time I use a new profile pic for a while.
20 more days to go..
it makes me happy that some people care about what I say
Respect yourself
im really in my own lane
Warri has been treating me right
They turned out good JadeWicks candles coming soon
Veggie parmo on the menu! All my years in the Boro I never had a parmo... worth a visit soon say
Rule! Humans...not so much! !
Bruh watch it gonna love it. You might hate because i know you lol but gonna love it
Yes I'll be your friend
So long as it's not yet another fugly, space-lobster-Breen monstrosity, I'm happy.
Thank you
Thanks for the reply...I will just have to run!! Looking forward to it
Thank you
A tug a day keeps the doctor away (48 Photos)
YANGA jus brings it out on idols
Enjoy
Choco cone! Choco cone!
Happy birthday baby hanbin love you lots
Oooh what can this be? Coming in the New Year ....... Mani shots.
I know people on Instagram.
You are ed.
thank also for your Rt
Tucked under the covers, Starbucks in hand and DVR on blast
You always serve us the best! Will surelt attend again next time for my 3rd time! Hihi .. Thank
I released that from my auric field about an hour ago. not holding on to the negativity. All good! vengeance
All 20 of my kids are gonna have the same mom so wish my girl luck
thank you lover
Not many... But I still have
"Aren't sister by blood, but sisters by Heart"
laaabyuuu mga besh anyiyiiiieh
Kaye
I was abt to tweet my TL has become boring .....
Thanks DeepVeer
Homecoming has been very interesting
Of course
NTR
your princess
... is it a baby horse!!?
We're so happy you enjoyed your shift, Jafar! Thank you for all that you do!
I complaining glad good demand! worth the wait
..love the photo of Angus. Thank you
thekandyfactory: Dave love him so much so why not share the goods
Congrats Cole!! See ya in a couple weeks in Minneapolis!
Looking forward to November and December Chill chill lang
Do you happen to have any coloured and shaded art? I'm looking for that type of thing for this piece!
I wait
Perhaps. I shall take a look. Thank you.
it's not a lie hun, only for new users tho if u've ever had Spotify before it won't work!
Arigato.
Today's antics
Thank you! And yes he surely will. Infact he already has begun to
No need to be sad, if he is the one, he will come to you by himself
Alhumdulillah..
1.We Have Done With Rashan Activity For This Ramadan
This was possible Just Because Of The
Hillary is gone before 2020 probably by kuru or by death penalty att the wartribunals that are coming
Good morning, Sunday.
Yes
Spend this night with Me at
extreme bikini interracial dp my sisters hot
I used it, thank you
a dollar would help
the smile on your face says it all
Just FYI if you defend predators on social media people will notice and document it. Thank you for your understanding
I have no time for Hate, Fear and Regret
Sundays make me happy
I watch anything like that apart from a celebrity get me out of here xx
Finally home
How lovely
Tq
classic film on at 4.55pm
Thank you so much!
Congrats
Sunday Recap of a great weekend here at Stony Brook. It all began with a wonderful Hall Of Fame Induction for
This makes me happy
MARAMING SALAMAT ANG GANDA MO HAHAHA HAD SO MUCH FUUUUN NEXT TIME ULIT HIHIHI
Be careful with those lashes girl! Ain't nobody has the time to cry with lash extensions lol. Keep your head up, pretty
Welcome
Yoros Castle
means alot , more than you know big time.and you know it always xxxxx
Beautiful Enjoy
Which reached 1 million first
It's ok
Thank you! Hope you had a good weekend too
what can we expect from the video?
If you see other fan accounts that are not in the thread, please tag me so I can translate! These are the only
Loving my new sched. and double off
Need positive vibe
I see. After the haircut, post pic, see.
What do you think about this idea ? If you want to read without problems I will translate later
All things come to an end
Spending the week abroad with my mom was definitely something be grateful for the rest of my life
I hope so. asdfghkssiwns but thanks for tagging me along.
happy birthday
i have a good feeling about this comeback
OT9 is back.
Thank you! We hope doing well,
This is my view, currently
Interesting. You're not Yoruba so you might not exactly get my angle
Igual a ti
Good to see , , in this pic
Hope this Bond will continue for a
Don't be sad, Adrian! It's been a good week! I hope to see you again next year in Moscow!
Nice
in a great mood today
Aww, thank you Adam!! Wishing you the same you got this
Hugssss insha Allah you'll be getting best of it all
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness
I don't mind to get this for someone's son So impressive
Just put it down for video!
Welcome
I feel like I slept in months, damn this feel so good and I woke up in a great mood
Terima kasih, noona
Believe has been there too!!!! Enjoy!
Good morning!
Hi dear farrukh
Could you remember me?
Reza
From Iran,isfahan
Skype
Feeding Bananas to the lovely Cows Park-Sector 52
Up from his nap. Time for lunch
Binance gives free money with airdrops!
Click here:
$BTC $ETH $XRP $XLM $NEO
okay merci beaucouuup
Good night!! Thank you Lord for today!
Soon something good will happen
HAMESHA KHUSH RAHAYN
Ah d'accord
Acorday
quick to drag someone about my man. Remember that.
Good morning John
I have coffee AND cat. *hoists Horatio onto your lap* So what's been going on with you?
thank you
My skilled brothers
Tara kain?
One of the best experience this 2018
to add to that im soo lucky to have you u never cease to make me smile
Ooh, I know it was up, yet! Thanks, Josh!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO OUR LEADERNIM
IKON - KIM HANBIN ( B.I )
Thank you for creating Queen LOVE SCENARIO
Thanks
Congratulations sister
Thank you! Followed
Death threats sent. death threats noted
I will engrave everything
Into my heart
welcome and yeah I know you got this so I look forward to it.
BI up there with the greats
Don't worry
All the best
Fan fiction is such a fun start, a great way to get feedback and spur on our imagination
Wow,
Muchas gracias
true sha. But we cool. abi.
Ja
I love Lytham
Are you inlove ba ngayon in love with life
Finally coming to watch Acrimony but am scared of being disappointed like most people who said theyve watch.... Ima watch anyway
I really gotta get to making these caramel apples and apple pie
Thanks, she was fab! Hoping her owner got some more photos and videos
hope we will see in Koffeewithkaran upcoming episodes
I know...hope you had a great weekend! was an incredible meeting at Hope Church
Fine shash! How are you?
It would be funny if you could actually record your
I hope you like this piece
=
Ich werde das Bild
Ok try them both thank you
stop im blushin
Pretty much.
One Day
ORDER HERE:
Classical for your friends
FREE
real quick missing you gals.
Yes.. Lovely
Way to go Larry pulling for you every time you suit up Love, Ms Boswell always a Wildcat
great game
I invited a friend and did not receive my 500 diamonds ... please help me with this. Thank you
Awesome! We love receiving praise for our employees. Do you have more details for us so that we
Awesome, congrats! And thank you
Sobre ontem Minha loira preferida
amazing! I really appreciate your constant support!
You are highly welcome
happy birthday Sean from your Greek friends .Wishing you continued progress in life and on the ice
Someone take me to Walmart
Chill out before I tell ya girlfriend
I have none Doug
SO MUCH LOVE FOR TONIGHT
HAPPENING, BYE OT8 STANS
I scored a 4 not bad love all kinds of food
Unoy phone mo? VIVO Y85
Thank you
tiis lang HAHAHA ako na no.1 mong follower
Thought it was just me
Stop being so adorable!!
Actually kinda like this self portrait
All ears
Orgasm! She Eye Rolls When She Cums 6
Welcome ahahah
something to enjoy
Microblading and piercing specials running the rest of the month To schedule your appointments email
5 Acts Of You Can Practice Every Day
Ayannn. Mas malinaw. Thanks for clearing it out.
so proud of you
I am delighted to have just found out I was awarded silver for the best small EA supplier. Thank you everyone
Now THIS is goals!
I've had five different former students come visit me at my restaurant in the last few days. It's been a good week
Check out the podcast! I use it regularly when Jonesing for some Michael Berry.
So you should be proud I still watch all the episodes back to back
I'm not going a ceremony. I'm going the weekend to lime though. Want to fly in? I have space for you
Thankyou so much
Show the world your smile I am who l am and l will never change me for anyone
Know the feeling well, one thing can lead to another and great gardening
There's this one topic people always indirectly or directly ask me about & I always lie without shame
Binance gives free money with airdrops!
Click here:
$BTC $ETH $XRP $XLM $NEO
Whoa!!!
so true.. made me smile
Just finished Cloak and Dagger
You're very welcome, Bob!! Just pointing out the obvious
He's pointing right at you
Judging Miss Mumbai . Posing more than the kids on stage
I didn't mean it that way Doug
Thank you my friend.
I love my friends
Ghost tours!
House cleaned
It's his lost, not mine.
The British way. The correct way.
Same here.
Helloo ashly! Hi anonymous!
Manila says you're welcome
Welcome
Bsdk
Wa squeeze every thing outa u
As you should!
stuck one of stickers I just bought in my campervan-
Thank you
My first attempt at a pumpkin carving
Our little duplex is co@ing together nicely
Yes she has hits on the album so of course it got to 1 million in 12 days
Please don't, I'm already worn out, this body can't handle more pain.
Happy Sunday. Yes relaxing and soaking up some sunshine and the beautiful breeze
Cause all blinds are false unless it's about Deepika
You gotta try an Envy. SO GOOD!
Maybe it's the best decision
Always slick, never sticks.
Ty
Thank you Martin.
If you have character, trust me I'll pay millions and millions. Pero syempre di ko sasabihin sa'yo yun
Happy birthday Menard!
Thanks for helping me
You know you heard
Go for it! You'll be brilliant & everyone listening will be on your side
..you forgot the word 'billion' dear! ..I your version!
Aww bless, such a cutie glad you all like the pouches, did get the impression
I love how I can just disappear and very few people are able to reach me.
Thank you Cameron
Perfect. This was my walk
What a beautiful Sumday Had a wild dream last night that I won the lotto it was trill, the dream
wait
My mom also implements this in our home, tito
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
nothing better than homemade food & good cups of tea on a Sunday
Bathong, y'all are the ones in relationships. Just do best there sis
Lol you are the best thank you
I saw a puppy when I walked into the lounge area on campus. My day has been officially made
Niabot nalang og 11:49 pm but here I am watching netflix and defense ugma
Okay thank you
When B is older we should start doing this, well more anyway lol
Vegas friends please come on out! love to see you! AZ friends, only a four hour drive ?
Looking wonderful still love that jacket xxxx
Thank you
Sure , message me
Good job Spencer
Free POSTER for you and this will be thread for all GIFs and pics from the teaser .. enjoy
Ur welcome
Grab it now.
ORDER HERE:
Great for your friends
FREE International
Have a nice dream everyone, can't wait for my boyfriend so come back OT9
Omg super cute! We need a breakfast dog play date
Shoutout to everyone follow her, she is
Apoyando con todo al , junto a y a Osvaldo
Thank You
Thank you
Good Morning from England ( although its 4:49pm here ) xxx
Thank you for making my first ever ADN event memorable
Yes, you are a miserable old sod, but not boring
Good Morning wishing you a wonderful Sunday also finally getting some relief in the temps
We love you so much
Thank you. She's pretty incredible, methinks
Streamstart 18:15 Uhr !
Thank goodness for the weekend upgrade offer, my hangover blissfully melted away in first class on the way home from Strictly
May we join in the prayer. You'll be well
Last day of work before I head back to Florida!
But zebras found over the my friend.
Yeah...till I've finished paying off the car anyway
iyaapp
Thank you so much This means the world to me, I'm so glad everyone is so supportive!
Thanks!
Thank you! been meaning to take part for weeks haha
Thank you for the repost!
Goodnighty!
Locked to & on
Thank you for the white house president! Until next time! Hihi!
If is the key word isn't it?
That's what we want to hear! Congrats again!
Will definitely get used to it good night ;
Me, I am looking for somebody to spend the night with casual conversation, I mean. Hit me up, I mean no harm.
Fine artist from the UK. Some of my oil paintings below
Slightly late but it's that
Thanks babes
My first bias Yook Sungjae.. sorry but the scammer Jung Ilhoon is just strong
This kid has a lot of talent
Ahhhhhh will check it out! Thank you
Oh I'm not. I'm from Edo state.
Thanks Nick
The best screen snap in college football yesterday
really excited when the moment comes .... that my son hug me and kiss me just because he loves me Stuff
Bayanlar
I love this I love adventure
I love this cheery video made of it just makes me smile
I love kids determination!
Aww good afternoon I hope you're having a lovely day today
Thanks, Anna!
Mga Turn on si Crush
Goodnight
welcome
U can whenever u ready
That looks amazing
Smh scared to slide into the man of your dreams because got a girlfriend?
respectful I like that
thanku
Binance gives free money with airdrops!
Click here:
$BTC $ETH $XRP $XLM $NEO
I will try do a salah, every day. Just 1 salah per day, its not problem for me
glad xx
See you there
1 thing i luv abt shopping w prettylittlething is they have a section
No better clean humor than a broom.
Comme tu dis
I had fun last night
I also educated myself on all of the physical sensations of reiki so now I have to be annoying & keep asking
nice to see you
Yes! Am hawking Huxley's ticket
I think it's about 10 to go
My first attempt at iPencil on iPad. May reference drawing but drawn from scratch hehe
Our last goodbye to my mommy turns out to be our greatest and happiest smile
Creepshow then silver bullet after I love October
Thanks for share this! I really love Jean and how she lead X-Men Red. I also hope this team can stay more longer.
*parents kiss*
Mom: mmm, your mustache smells like bacon
Welcome...
I'm praying for you.
We can help you
Follow my ig tho
Thank You
Had a great tweetup this weekend, met some lovely people & Our Glorious Leader Nantwich is a beautiful Old
Just ride thru it. It'll be here before you know it
Aww thank you
de Cell INT.
a bit of my personal favs trying for different views
we need to stop this bullsht.
Wow v productive. If taking orders take two of each please
Thanksgiving I get to see my momma and brother
8pounds 4ounces and 23 inches
Thanks, I'll join you in 6 months lol. Best of luck with it all
The Nba ..my new market
ay board exam yan ate , go youuu pull a all nighter !! goodluck sayo
Kudos to yixing.. waah the hardwork he put into this.. Thank you Lay Thank you EXO, finally
Church was so good
Wolle putt
wait
Although I know you, but Congratulations! truly an inspiration for everyone else
They where not cheeky
I hope everyone gets to see how wonderful life is and it is worth fighting for end your life bros and
She was strong to fight back as much as she could. Learn from that and keep the legacy going
De ontem
I give the BEST Hugs .... but still touch me NOT a hugger
You clean up right nicely Daz!! Have a great time!
Just got one of Junior's Christmas presents in... He doesn't know I got him another shirt just one
good to hear all of you were fine, stay good gentlemen!
This literally never happens. EXO ARE TRENDING IN THE UK!?!? Proud of you UK eris
Prepared! Measure public perception! Spying project sounds to me! Thanks but no thanks!
Happy days
Finally depan mata..
*Thinking of Edison and the phonograph*
reality is reality and no one can change that
A fantastic win by the 24-17
Will you be back in Hamburg, Germany for your next tour?
forget me!
You could have it in Vancouver.
I saw your city in the movie
Thank you, Cati and to everyone! We had so much fun!
Congrats din sa ADN Scholarship Drive.
There's no place like home!
Samsun sonbahar
This is really what I'm on Twitter for. Thank you for taking the words out of my mouth and for finding me!
Yeah we can bond over how mad you are at a complete stranger for replying to a tweet
Oh that must be good
Avoid saying uncertainties
Thank you, Cath
No I just meant he looked well
thank you
I beefing with nobody. The state is k bye
Do it in a public place. Lol.
Nom nom Stella! I think you woofed it down just like Quest
Thanks po
May Allah SWT ease everything dunia akhirat
Happy Anniversary to you and kick tail on The Voice
nom
Fuck with local babes at
free porn games free sex clips man eating pussy
God was pleased when He made you . try to be like those around you and expect them to be like you
Thank you!! Let me know if you need some good websites Sarah Seven has some awesome pieces. Also
guys i have decided to deactivate and never talk to anyone again, thank you for supporting my decision
reminds me of this scene. jinki also bowing to security staff
Nice photo!
I never get angry playing it I sit laughing at the bullshit but thanks for your concern and input
What a beautiful way to greet a new day!
Made me smile
Let me first let you know that we have light
yup I'm going
what is eastenders
Just got home!
Salamat with this
Wa R Ay
We need more of these xx
I really enjoyed my weekend at home
Hello mommy
welcome and thank you
This is gonna flop but rt and ill name a song your layout reminds me of
I like the way you think!
So it's just kind of socialism? To me it's either your pregnant or not pregnant there is no in between.
Sensational Beauties On Earth To Even Make The God Jealous With Their Sexual Appeal
Ahhh, the gear connoisseurs. Out in strength. Sit down and behave
Such a wonderful Saturday afternoon/evening. We started with cocktails and after a great, homemade dinner He
They should have added the dialogue from the restaurant scene
Be a better person not a bitter one
Next on my reading list!
What a beautiful Sunday Had a wild dream last night that I won the lotto it was trill, the dream
Early voting starts tomorrow and I expect all my friends that call them my friends ... need to be at the polls or you cut off
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off
He's brill
Thank you Eddie
Probably deserved it.
To lucky for that heheh thanks G
No I think it is from 2014 but yes it is a great photo
may time na ulit akong magbasa so I'll finish this one
Coffee, sunshine and RNR. Life is good
Morning Views
I'm glad that you liked it.
All I want for Christmas is us, as what we are before... I miss you, I miss us.
Goodnight
Wednesday
Imagination magnified
DM us so we can custom build something for you
Shop online
I'm from Palu and thank you so much for this charity this would be really helpful for those in need
I have a date tonight
Hathersage
all the convincing I needed
Have fun in Paris
Thank you so much for the great feedback and all the best with your exams
Even though is considered a muscle defect, I am proudly un that 20%
PLS RT
EXO PH GO [DON'T MESS UP MY TEMPO]
ALL ALBUMS ARE COUNTED TO HANTEO CHART and GAON CHART
P895 +
most important question.. how are you?
welcome!
Happy Sunday! Have a great day everyone
We need a or a I'll take either one please
This is so cool!
Please give this awesome kid a RT!
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off
You are very welcome. Thanks to you Kalyani
Loved making this personalised cake topper with a very little baby
Let's focus next round Fabio show to them you deserve for a victory philip island waiting you
unlikely couple enjoying together! send us your photos to get featured next week
Loool well not down w the sex part but , yeahh imma try that again thank you
Congrats everyone! Well deserved
Follback ya min
Iyi
I Just Entered for a $50 Amazon Gift Card! LOOK!
How are you today? Hope you have a good time and rest well Safe travel to Seoul
Bom dia
I think you've spelt your name wrong
Repost By afroempressstudios:
Watch the Process
Music by Fela Kuti:
Expensive $HIT
Thank you diday
Thank you boo appreciate that
Watch Russian lady singing on show
Us bald men don't have this problem
all me thanks. I tweeted a pic of bambi I did ages ago on one of the comments xxx
I been smoking food all week lmao
I have paypal and circlepay
Me too.
The language I played was Japanese, so couldn't clear.
Hello
Hopefully while filming too
Np I trust you thank you sooo much
Keyman is definitely an interesting character, and I'd like to know more about him.
With Bhanji
Hi Phil, it's parking or display your annual pass if you have one. Thanks
Can u rt and like mine? Goodluck!
Thanks a ton
credits
Fantastic discussions with on sustained social action at Thanks for joining us this weekend!
look for you in Conroe
, I think I did this right. Hilton Garden Inn Raleigh/Crabtree Valley
Had a great sweetest day
The Shot Which Made Me To Perform More
Glad to hear happy
Thankful for the fellowship of body of Christ.
Not too dissimilar to Angelina Jolie in this pic!
Happy Sunday, my loves.
why thank you
Don't forget Monsta X
Can this be right? They have Google Home Mini at Barnes & Noble?
YES! and YES!
REMINDER: Please don't re-upload the teaser exols
Glad to hear you're not missing out on your savings, Erin. We can tell you're a smart shopper.
Its Bed Time na
SouMu can you become more little bit smart??
Oh my goodness... How can they didn't register 'Gfreind'
I just ordered a $17 one from Amazon
No problem
We're so glad to hear about your experience, Portia! You deserve nothing but the best.
But here I am
Yes, serious. only be home at the beginning of Nov so I will DM you then to see if you still want a copy
Good afternoon tweeps!
Thank you
Gd morning Sir,
Have a nice day
the King of Your
has matured. Voice is well groomed. That was lovely and well performed
Dear gentlemen , please stay healthy in the busy schedule
They're pre-recorded.
tambah youtube perfect combination
Good You will love it, I promise!
Can not wait I'm so excited. THIS IS EXCITING
Happy Birthday Binnie
Follow@AbdulHannannn
Fb plus interactive
Rt bhi kr dena
To jao jaldi se follow kro
Gracias Alfredo, un abrazote!!
I sing that all the time too Glad to know it's not just me.
Spend this night with Me at
sexy porn chaturbate free hardcore hitchhikers
You're welcome
Faut bien lol !
Due diligence
Thank you!
I love this rainy weather
Exactly, didnt ride enough this past summer but next summer that changes
Awesome thanks Elizabeth
Good morning!
(It's Sunday morning here - I knew we're lagging behind you Ausies)
Thank you!
Also got to have a post-Dubai / post-HK catch-up session with Joyce this weekend. So excited for things to come!
Daewon come? He made it!!!!!
The Unit Feels.. OT9 Feels
Euijin Baby I understand you.. Please be safe and get some rest okay? ILYSM
Blessed and highly favored
Electric blanket time
I would say yes but you still won't dm me
I would be so thankful
Bae said he's buying me a dog !! Do anybody know someone who's selling yoki teacup or a yoki ??
Lies we keep telling ourselves. These feelings catch up with us, not the other way around
knock it
Gd morning to my dear friends
Have a nice day
the King of Your Own
Another really cool edit
Thank you Doctor
7 hours to Emo Phillips at Sellersville Theater (Philly burbs).
Gratitude for life and for relationships...it get much better than that, Jay!
Thankss
sounds eventful!! Hope feeling better
Thank you
Copy&paste this!
The brand ranking is influenced by things like Naver
Sweating Sunday for me! This is from my leg workout. Have a great day and make it count! Be awesome
know what time it is ...uggs season
You're welcome
Thanks love
welcome
Merry Christmas
Getting my nails done today
Thank you
I'm so excited
I will
Starting off the week right w church
I love it
LOOK at his happiness for rohit
KOHLI is a GEM
Perfect
Couldn't pass a chance to add Orion in the group, I always liked his design so much.
Curious: which app do you use? The official Twitter app does support threads (FYI)
Yup
thy I dreamed about it :) so its destiny
Dear gentlemen , please stay healthy in the busy schedule wish me luck for my exam :)
missionary
I watched The Da Vinci Code today! A lot of it went over my head, but I liked it Basically I like anything that has Tom Hanks in it
even just for a short while, i felt like the happiest person alive.
Waiting for PCAs
Thanks for the share
Thank you Neil Leadbeater and for a lovely, thoughtful review of 'On the Wing'
I can finally sleep calmly goodnight
Daewon came? He made it!!!!!
The Unit Feels.. OT9 Feels
Euijin Baby I understand you.. Please be safe and get some rest okay? ILYSM
just written this blog post about me anxiety. Could you RT please?
Gd morning to my dear friend
Have a nice day
the King of Your Own
Take care
came by for a cut and dropped off 45! ! Loving that kordalstudio jumper
0x $ZRX is currently: $0.891197
We verified that Binance is accepting new users!
Can't believe u are only 5 mins away from my house
Oh thanks so much Jules! You're very kind
Update: having the baby today
The young will win! I U all
aw thx!!
/tlw/ are you want talk with me /?
You're welcome
Seseryosohin mo sya?
-If Gods Will then i will
Thanks
Great seeing you! Also, your Panthers are going down today
SIKHULELWE SIMBONGE UMDALI OMUHLE OSITHANDAYO,KONKE OKUHLE KUYEZA,QHAWEKAZI NDODAKAZI UBABA NOMAMA
I enjoyed that. Now off out for my birthday dinner.
thanks mami
hoping that girl can also gave back the love to him
Happy Half Off Birthday Month Discount gift to me from me
Thank you Kendra Scott
No. Not at all. I just watch!
- [@kang61401]
- [@ABC_yo_shi]
whoever broke into my car & left their wallet behind, a big ass dummy
Pretty amazing too, that I've had an active subscription for about 9 years of that time, and I still love WoW to this day.
What a glorious day! Sunny late October, outdoor swimming in the Ladies Pond
s4icn3uc3sn0c s3v4rg r34rt n4ird0p 3uqr0p s3n0icc4 sut n3ib r4sn3p s3b3D
3tsug 3t 3uq 0r3ps3
It's a "sorry, not sorry" kind of sorry.
Fine Nurse
and are gender neutral
Massive throwback
Know the feeling, lol! Hope you guys had a fab time in Mexico
This kind of soft begining should finish brutally
Oh wow, nice. I'll get in touch soon
A WIP by my lil sis, Jess. illustrating my coming chapbook
If you have insta, at JKepler_Colures
Idk but keep speaking negatively especially about me you gone be looking like a toad
Brought my Mom and my sister to church.
All Glory to Him!
Oh a party party! Big today! Best believe we going up! Cameras rolling
Snacks and spooky movie time wit bae bae
*Drinking is a sin
Just thought I'd fix that for you
Direct Dil Se You should write more often
The band played 22 at the bar last night and I was wasted and uhhh yeah enjoy
My soul is so happy to be home
Good luck Adrienne and team
FANS AT CAMPUS 0737569811
Samsung has the option to create one for you now! When I press play on videos on my phone it comes up at the bottom
Thank you so much
Thank you!
hey girl
Make yourselves more useful, help a blind
Follback min
Good morning gorgeous
Thanks
Sydney you know that I am upstanding guy.
You should get some. You deserve it. And you can bring me some back
lovely Lorraine, does it have a scent? Wondering if the bees and pollinators enjoy it
Happy Birthday to my bestfriend Hope that year 25 is your best year yet
Auch in Montenegro
I play Wale's shades every morning and dedicate it to myself
The answer is not that easy
OH and you're welcome.
Oh that get wet rain! Horrible stuff!
Of course
Coffee, anyone? Tea perhaps ?
come and join us. It will leave you ready to smash the rest of 2019
It would be funny to actually being able to record your
Hope you like it!
-
Ich werde dieses gute
Cant wait to have our house one day mostly cause I want to adopt all these dogs. So basically a house for them.
Ach so ist das. Casi.
Hello!! We are glad you enjoyed your sleep Could you please send us a DM with your request? We
Got tickets for Cologne, show on my birthday
Therapeutic
Definitely
I dunno how I'm going to be when I become successful, the way I have 1 million critics, I can't wait
We did too!
jammin thank me later down ocean drive & life is beautiful at this point
very grateful that you went
Hehehe.. No, ma'am.. It just means your tweet was funny and hilarious.. Don't get the two mixed up..
Back to square one?
I don't have any Doug
ki wife wow superb thi
181021 Sinchon Fansign (pls take out with credits )
The members were arguing who does Winwin belong to when
Post spam, memes, who wore what, blah blah coming to you on 14th & 15th
Top spot in the Philippines
Great to hear! Will let you know
Teach me how to play, then we play together.
Ngegas.
i know i look like a baby, but not. however always be grateful for looking young.
Little Rebel Orion is 7 months old today. Isn't he just the sweetest thing ever? He makes my heart so full
I watched in the 90s
Happy birthday great leader
Nothing Doug
Rtxrt?
Atr o nada
It checks out
Of courseee you should draw CLEMENTINE
Moobs don't count!
Too many with moobs wear our shirts...
If you missed this, catch it on iPlayer.
Please make my day a little brighter!
All of the above!! My life is VERY interesting..depending what day it is
its like being stabbed.. continuously
That Red Lobster was sooo good lastnight
Just replied to your DM
Adi North kaadu south india ne
Twins making they arrival
Sant
Also With your p*ssy
Latest pic of With a Fan
I hope having enough rest today, you deserve to rest be well! thinking of you and I love you!
Just the two of us
glad PRETTY thank you JESUS!!!
If I followed you and you know me because I like your bio
You should get a private message from us
Ready For Bebe Babyshower, & Vari Trip For his Bday
Happy birthday !!!
Malalagpasan mo din yang mga reqs na yn. Just pray and breathe. Take it easy well be ryt here for uuuu THANK
We can square up if you cover your mouth when you cough
He told us to email the office and they pass it on.
Thank you for the RT
Ainda...
tnx gel wwahhh role reversal this time huhuhu
gone be there
Time to practice what I preach. Time out with Boo!
Congrats minion
Sorry but nah. That NUC ranking is enough popularity to the world. Ask Sunderland
I ask this question to myself daily
And we find stuff in muscles of people who hurt
Follback min
Democrats hate it go viral
HI crush! Fan here since day one. Hehehe Hi! Aww. Thank you po.
Congratulations!
Oii daqui tbm???
Daves harvesting the last of our homegrown spuds! Exciting
Rtxrt?
Smile from Mr. Yellow...
Yes, offseason is time to treat yo self!
i don't know , i just feel comfort with u
maybe i can tell u what i feel but u know
i just love u in my silence
Wow. been watching bts videos for the whole day... Yeah, how I spend my Sundays
Thanks
Thank you - it's been going well and I've been minding my 2 minute limit
Its profit and fluctuation shall varies the ratio could b loss as well
Bahamas - I'm on the way!
Thank you
Merrymen is quite decent tbh
I just need to learn to type as fast as Falz
Thank you for all the extra gift from the 2nd anni event i was surprised when they gave me a bottle
Happy Sunday from selfie
One pic each with Kohli and Sharma too
I know I know kidding
Yeah thanks
Awe hot shower and Benadryl always does the trick for me
Is like you have his Throwback picture? Pls send it to me
Enakenna sema aa iruken
might take that offer up
I think this is one of the best hotels to stay
gorgeous she is!
cutting mfs off daily, let it be you
I look how their feet are all tucked together They are so cute
thank you for advice I really need to do something instead of complaining
Thanks David
Good idea! Thanks again
Merci bcp !
We want to thank the men of for great homecoming!
Lol I wish try ko next year
Women sometimes can't realize how much one little thing can hurt a mens feeling
Of course you can, feel free to share wherever you like.
going through my twitter and deleting a majority of my pictures/videos. No more free content
You can find
not mean, I just know now what worthy of dealing with
PURO Clevedon is definitely worth a visit for a Sunday lunch, Absolutely Bangin
Good morning
God bless you
for sure
Its not me that decide sorry you are my senpai
Thanks!
Im obsessed with perfumes. I love scents with mix of floral and fruity scents
House spotless, laundry done, and chilly weather means soup on the stove and movies all day
J2 Sunday ready!
Oooohhh yes you are!
Good luck okay
Still early days and we arent at the bottom
Thank you
that's fine..Sorry for being rude
23:54pm
Happy 32nd birthday to me!!
Happy chillin, solemn, blessful sunday night guys..
Oui
Legit... glanced through this trend some hours ago
Thank you!
Announcement Tonight we are going back to the 1970.s for best for those without
You two should get tattoos together when you meet and are old enough
Moh merci mais pas eh
So great to meet you in person!!!!!
Me too today was special
This is so cute, when I heard sos lol I started singing out loud. This is very creative like it.
Calm blue sea, sunshine on clifftop meadows, beautiful day Bees, thistles, Yellow-wort blossoming in the
My Walter! Have a better day!
yeah is it just me or you guys been here too
You feel that way. Remember that the little things that matter
Wow best answer yet
Awww your mum is so caring
Exo surprise
Congrats guys so proud of you all
thats good
I need a distraction... be my distraction???
happiest Birthday Hanbin Bless your career
for life and love can't wait
Sounds like you're having a party!!!
Thank you you too my beautiful friend
224 no. Dhoni highest Test match run
Yep 5.
I think you need to do 'Mouth to Mouth' discussion with Shah Farman
Look who it is....and why it surprise me that the only thing you tweet is word-brain stats
Miss those fun lit days have to bring them back!
Thank you and
..
If you think you are lost, dnt worry God has already found you long before just wait for the perfect timing
Oh well, hope you did enjoy!
Finishers 4h47'15"
yw!!!
Thank you so much
Thank you
My name is Och btw
Just dm me for one
Thank you.
ik, I've watched the video, and you made me laugh. it's great!
Good morning Allan
Great pins!
Great blue check mark too.
It would be an asda smart price one believe me. Still do the trick though
We finished room last night & going to look for bedding this week. wait to get his room decorated.
The people in this house trrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrryyyy me hey
important question please answer how are you ? You doing so hard work and you
Ya girl just got gas for .50/ gal at Shell.
All smiles because the weekend was great
Thank you dear Melissa Yes, this is so nice day at home Hoping your day is great too
i'll look out for it .. ... xxx
Everyone can go and fuck themselves
Yesterday I was able to cover the and for Today is another
Nothing is too much for God , He can create a new Mars for u provided u have such faith in Him
There's just something about a girl in a baseball cap (48 Photos)
Happy birthday, Roschel.
Happy Sunday everyone
Rtxrt?
Loved the movie as well as all the characters
My cats would love this
Goodnight. Goodluck mamaya walang review review
La vida es simple...
Special mention from for at flurry of hands and it all comes
Come on and do the humpty hump (40 Photos)
minho lets go get ice cream
I Really Love How Always Dresses So Wonderfully And She Truly Has The Cutest Smile
Happiest birthdat to this professional cutie pie, Kim Hanbin
Someday, I'll find you.
Omg!!!!! Thank you for this thread!! This is greatly appreciated and made my life easier ksksshshshshs
Echad un vistazo en instagram a las cosas tan chulas que hace
made your bacon mushrooms today, damn so delicious!!
How sweet okk xxx
76D6F7F9C2E8
feels so good to be home and church was great
Hello Sir - a big fan, here!
Asking for *TWO* follows on behalf of myself and my
AWW...
What's the best news YOU have received this week ?
Feel like October has gone in so fast, nearly been home for a month
Jessica Jung see you in Malaysia soon
pa follow back po ate
How about Sensex at 20,000 ??
This little girl was so adorable! Future little pageant
found my future husband so technically unavailable.
A refreshing walk this Sunday morning
Lady in red!
Leave a in the comments if you love the color red!
Offer: Free Gel shine nail enamel on
Iloveyou babyyyyyyy so muuuuch God bless to the both of us! May we overcome all othe struggles and
The drive to was super crazy, but the views were worth it!
Me thoooo
Mutlu
Will you post the story online for those of us out of the range of cw23? Would love to read this
It also could imply that rubbish at applying make-up
Sexy Beauties With The Hot Body To Bind You To The Bed
I wait to have kids
why I only use vegan candles
Well you have to take advantage of the warm October weather don't you?
Pleased with myself.. this is the first
Omg wait yes
Thank you, and all the very best for next season
happy birthday to this guuuy!!!! thank u for everything you know the rest, check fbc
Buono!
Music is a distraction when indulging in certain activities, caffeine and nicotine together must certainly waken you up!
Rtxrt?
It is! It is good!
That's a plus
Thank you That one was buried in my bookmarks but never read it. Now downloaded
I was SO fun! I wish every day was like that. Have an awesome Sunday, Kristi
I have never read your pamphlet... I'm glad you share my views!
Beautiful pics from Franco make you want some desert right now
This take a load off and enjoy a day of relaxation!
Order your blend today!
Check what's new at online store Discover New Arrivals now at
I slept I female pajamas, I slept better than I have in a while
Good Morning To Everyone Whose Team Has At Least One Win This Season
Too right!!!
There are many of these comments on Eleven Warriors
Thank you for sharing
Anjo, sdv?
Havent seen him today but this little chap is frequent visitor
Interesting piece!
I collect depression glass too.
(And carnival glass and jadeite...)
It did mate
Just a week or two into last month, Sepppp...tember yeah
- I watched spongebob all morning
Thank you Yes I am finished my studies. Now I am realxing & Enjoy Evening. What are you doing?
Good luck to all the CPA aspirants! May God grant this elusive title to all of you.
Perfect.
Hair and beard now all gone! They both were getting annoying!
Thanks
Thank you
Awwieee, thaank you! Hope I made you a bit better
Allure Beauty Box Unboxing// October 2018// Finally Received A Box On Time & Amazing!! : via
It's oke hyungie
Obrigado pinacle
No bad for a self-taught first attempt
Fun fact about me: I love my tarot cards! I will definitely use them to work on my NaNoWriMo story
Thanks for understanding and being a fan
Thanks
It was fun! Expensive and hot and pretty disorganized.. but I'm glad it happened
awww... I don't know dear
How are you doing now ?
Thank you so much
Sundays are for chilling by the beachfront breathing fresh air and worrying about nothing
Ofcourse, just for the person you love
Oh I am so looking forward to this treat I have my own teeth
Aww, thank you! I hope the notification comes through haha. Youtube is sketchy!!
The Hyundai Creta advert touches many souls.
Thank You so much.
For Queen's Birthday!
I'm here. Future boyfriend come get me
Thanks Ed!
here you go!
In which case, as you were Just wanted to check you weren't being spammed or something. Crack on!
Thank you!
No probs, send it out on the works mail tomorrow
And thats how planes keep moving FORWARD.
Itsekiri folks should help you interpret. Man at the junction
Miss this library
huss
6) mostly 2nd gen groups my ults rn are Super Junior & Wanna One
Oh hey NFL Sunday & you have a whole to follow
looking all radient & ish! Nice
Hey Jon! Glad to hear everything is back. Thanks for sticking that out with us. -BL
Trunk or Treat fun with
Did you know National Curry Week starts tomorrow? If you love curry like we do, why not pop into our Vista Bar
happiest birthday bessy, thank you for being my bestfriend!! God bless and enjoy ur day!!
Good Morning! It is officially Butt Season
I like you the most!
Casually enjoyed sunset atop my favorite little fire tower THE NEW LOGO
The invincible Leinster are beaten, bloody fantastic
My fam was being rude abt me not getting out of my room so i guess i'll stay inside until they leave
Incredible yes please I would share with my partner Lovely treat.
Dugay ra mn gi keep as a friend
Awwwww so happy for you
Bouta go to Brunch. Fuck everything
Sure, my love
Thank you for sharing the positive energy I agree with doing kind acts. I find when I'm down,
Thanks man! Really appreciate that
When throwback is ~ aigoo~ time really flies so fast and I'm so proud of them they deserve everything
wait until our next Tiger Talk! I want you to wear your shirt
I'm good just creating a ARMY family tree.... wanna join?? it's really interesting
Let's vote ahgafam
I believe of saying A family that plays together stay together
And
Thank you
Thank you Lovely
I trust your gut
I have 10 names because everyone so gosh darned happy when i arrived so dem dey dash me name anyhow. 5 is very okay!
2015
Hey everyone! Meet our Social Star of this week, Elizabeth! Her favorite fall-time activity is making seasonal
I really hope so
Hi Hi Mark, we are happy to hear that. We are looking forward to welcoming you again at our airport soon. *Els
Watching chilling
Many people try and aim for 5km in under 30mins so pretty chuffed
Looking great Jamie!! Have a great Sunday!!
Night to all
I want to be there when that happens, for emotional support, of course.
THANKS BROTHA!
Tag Is Nearly 925K+ Tweets..! Lets Make it 1M.. By Tweeting with Tag Tmr...!
My nerves!!!
Discover your true nature
Congrats, and you are a Nohrian Noble
On est pas mal par chez moi
Aww that's okay. Thank u for informing back. U r very sweet
It takes time talaga haha, don't worry babe maffeel din natin ulit yung ganon
My mom and I did a Hammer horror double feature
Another great week ahead. Goodnight!
This made my morning
I need like one solid home girl I can hang with and do fun shit with. And she gotta be able to hang in a smoke sesh
Happy birthday my bae pls take care yourself and sleep whenever you want
No no... Its always will be Sachin
Nobody at the pool this morning but me Our forecast shows today sunny 88 with no snow in the forecast
Why not retweet *and* like, cuz i like them both
Uy marengshan Uy helloo
I was not naughty Doug
Nuh care if yuh body better than mine, yu not me
No worries! it's a beautiful place and there's so much to do xx
Ayeee.. Thanks! Hopefully i can do better this time.... And she get to secure her place at Nyp.. In sha Allah
Keep positive thoughts. And take it one day at a time.
I'm so happy today , please rest enought and eat a lot
Literally, Stronger Together.
We are
Mississippi in the house!
Follback min
America the Beautiful! And look at those stunning German Shepherds too
Interesting piece!
I collect depression glass too.
(And carnival glass and jadeite
thank you!
Congrats to your parents regardless
Love your Simion
So talented! Always great seeing you on
Activity Based Teaching
Nice one
A short clip of you loving me while I fall asleep
killed it
Congratulations
front and back
handsome Yunhyeong
Good Evening Anne and huge thanks for following us. lovely to meet you
I didn't do it
Some lovely things here
Its time to read theories the best way to not think bout others
q : what are your hobbies?
a : mine are writing, photography, drawing, singing, dancing, and sleeping.
Save the best for last.
Well done on the album Lay, Namanana is amazing and so is the music video! Thanks for sharing it with us
Okay now teammate!!! proud.
And well worth the trip
Tonight's stream will be a fun one!
Will be doing tome & omega farming!
Hope to see you all around 8pm BST
Congratulations!
We purple you
Yeah and i like it! You are totally welcome! If you want someone to talk to feel free to dm or tag at anything
Blessing my male...and female followers TL this morning
no problem if you need anything else, let us know >RG
I'm contented of what i have today
Quite right. Saw the photo of your parents in the Windrush exhibition at the Harris today.
Thank u
Get a free Nutella jar! Download the Shopmium app and use my referral code AUGUUKYM I already saved with
hs fam!
Look at this! some above and beyond customer service right there
Who said BRUNCH? Yes, we did!
Forget about cooking, enjoy your brunch time at Cafe Haven
AdventureQuest and
Probably! He has to afford Anushka
When throwback is ~ aigoo~ time really flies so fast and I'm so proud of them they deserve everything
Charlas de horas pero ahora sin
Ah I ain't much better my friend
I got the job! I am so ready to start, looking nowhere but forward now and definitely a brighter future ahead of me
Thank you!!
of course!
Well done you and your kids. I was there too (8 coach loads of us came from Norwich) and it was an amazing day
McDonalds: ChicagoRilke23 We're so glad to hear about your experience, Portia! You deserve nothing but the best.
Portugal
enjoying a beautiful fall day! Ready to start quarter 2 with this awesome crew!!
Happy Sunday! Here is Pepper hanging out with Totoro
Ion wish this pain on my worst enemy
Welcome back
Okay. Thanks for your reply. Appreciate it
even Brazilians believe I m not Brazilian Oslo, Norway
Wow!!! This is amazing
Having issues here at home. I will ff next week. Promise Blessings to you all and have a great week
Yes
Tag Is Nearly 925K+ Tweets..! Lets Make it 1M.. By Tweeting with Tag Tmr...!
Some outrageously beautiful pixel art from Captures our neighbourhood so perfectly
thank you
Thank you! The link worked
I have some black 2 strap heels I was gonna pair with em, nothing too flashy to take away from the dress
Anjo, sdv?
Success breeds bitterness i see
Happy Sunday from meeeeee & my bouquet of roses
Enjoy the rest of your day. X
No worries! Thank you anyway
Andersen's Fairy Tales, I read it every night to my kid.
Most of the time
Hi Ate Jhing. Do you mind watching Stray Kids' music video that will drop tomorrow 6pm kst? I will.
Thank you
Thanks berdebornya
I wish you have a nice day
I wasn't
Lol I'm not being sarcastic
Ah no, I like editing a photo sometimes, whatever it's of. I'm not a great photographer though
Fancy bedspreads.
Deu RDQ
Hathersage
hahaha thanks!
Thank you Chloe! So glad you enjoyed it.
Aww she's really cute. Bet she's great company when you're missing your other half
hahaha thanks!
Turkey bacon ready Mimmi
Doesn't this feel like a Sunday thing?
.
.
.
ay thankyou po hihes!!
hi yixing how was your day? is it good better than before?
toi, son t-shirt moi haha
This is so dope and omg I really needed this. so happy I love her and this album so much.
It's fine - I'm happy with PayPal so don't feel I need loads different apps I love how you include EVERYONE though
Monero $XMR price: $105.83
Binance is TEMPORARILY accepting new users! GO!
Never
I Should Flat Iron It But Not . . Good Morning feeling lovely
Miyeon have a thing for Thai girls, first Lisa and now Minnie
Happy Monday
It's a brand new week ADN!
We are home and at home.
ALDUB PA
yay! day off tomorrow
omg thank you so much
Sure...will let u know
You're welcome
I live in France and I saw 11 movies with Dakota
then cry
Thanks but I only designed the logo, the awesomeness comes from !!
Rtxrt?
Yess
Thank you... I appreciate that
L x
Likewise, but great surroundings/light a bonus
I'm reading book number 4: the subtle art of not giving a fuck. But, i haven't finished it yet thanks for sharing btw
Wow! When we snake pipes in Seattle we are a bit more advanced
First birthday with her. Sobrang memorable
You gotta no guts baby.. Neither your "tammam jamatain"
me
Happy birthday Regan!! love you so much and hope you have a great day let's try and not get arrested this
amg
Dogs don't care.
Sonnenuntergang
Your character says a lot.
Actually it gives him one extra hour of recovery time
He's bought me a present but I have to wait two weeks to recieve it as he's flying off to Pakistan to see his Mom.
New keychain 10/10
Lovely up there you had a good run this morning too, nice one
Big Facts , be stressing my child about these hoes ! Happy moma healthy baby
Sleeping after an achievement
Waking up with ...
Me too but I didn't want to end up being disappointed like last time
Tam olarak bu
Knock knock on Ezemmuo's door. Can the Ezemmuo please follow back his boy?
I cannot express enough, the joy I felt, performing with my son on Friday!
An absolutely priceless
Desirable Sexy Female Buttocks
Its good to see you enjoy your game congratulation for the result, I hope you can always enjoy
Hi, guys! Would you mind to follow my friend Itutuloy niya ang nasimulan ko. Hehe. Goodnight ppl.
Put some sauce on it!!!.
Cheer up the best time of the year.
Follow me back so you can dm me your email
They're pink and edible
Dad Ideas for the Weekend (100 Photos)
Thanks for the repost!
A year and two months
Thank you!
fine, been presenting BBBots x
See you my Hometown tom! It's been a while , i miss you na
Muchas Felicidades!!! Q sean muy felices!
Fancy! Let me know and thank you
My best photo
meron na po akong vice cosmetics thank you
RTxRT?
about to
Merci
Hope you loved Europe and that you come to Portugal one day
RTxRT?
Thanks Min!!
Amazzzzing ... someone said the exact same thing to me last week, have a great evening
1 week till birthday vacation cruise && 10 days to 25!!!!
We got great support from in promoting our event and achieving greater
Shrimp are wild, they can see more colors than us too. Truly an interesting species.
Yes, I do love that tune. Hope they live up to expectations
Okay, in HD
Thank you Anne, you're very kind I am very
you look very beautiful.
Still laying a low profile i remember my granny praying in the middle of the night not knowing i was awake
I actually plan on watching the trilogy tonight and tomorrow
I know I'm not the one who you need right? It's okay I will still stay
Good morning
Koi bt h e ni bhai
My baby boy is so cute
God can't believe I forgot about that, thanks Maya
You're still a winner in my book.
I agree
genial gracias!!
releasing a lot of good stuff already hihi. mas exciting ni sa event mismo! see you there!!!
love your phone case x
Wow thanks babe
know what you mean Coleman
found it Sarah... this is fantastic too ... xxx
Thanks for the follow back
Gracias
Happy 16th birthday to my Jaxy!!! You make me so very proud to call you my son! Love you so much!! Have an
Hammer, you better talk to Budgey. He is softening those kids up.
riding with the windows down kinda day
For lunch mode foods was GOOD Hotel Anant Plaza
Thank you i really think about it.. i just kinda make selfies
They just fck off, thank you
RTxRT?
Buen Dia Hermosa Gracias Besos
You need to shooting your shot
Your welcome!
I LOVE THE SONG SO MUCH. Dance practice please so we can all have fun dancing to it too
Damn I want a cigarette bad fuck this only day two
its fine best i know you have priorities man hehe i understand
I need to sleep na sissy see you soon tom na kita accept ig very turtle net dito sa Thailand ee
This is correct Liz Members of official Lions clubs. You have to pre-book to be on
a date
Yes I am. Thanks for asking
DM me.
with an update on our Shasper client
like a sleeping little baby
Having a whole 5 days away!
Hello David I wish you a lovely day and a happy Sunday x
Makes me want to start dancing
** dude lol but work
Happy birthday Yuri!
Prend ton temps
Goodluck CPALE takers! CLAIM IT, PAPASA KAYO!
I want to look like this on a regular wabona
thank you!
You need to be shooting your shot
God bless
Check out my Calming Music playlist on Spotify!
How true it becomes - bitter sweet!!
4 days with the best girl in the world together with my fam things are getting better
Wow toll
Smiling
Happy friendversary! I miss you! get together soon.
i am 1000000000% sure that i have ADHD
Thank you!!
Goodnight! talk to God before you sleep
Today I spent some time in the rain but it was ...... great.
Have a nice evening,
my friends
Sisters didn't realize they were rich until Rich Kids of Instagram (30 Photos)
Heads up Sara! The account is impersonating you, I already reported her
I'm just glad it's sorted its gone down again so I'm happy
Current $IOTA price: $0.50
Buy and sell your alt coins on Binance for just 0.05% fee!
Have a good night sleep
Nice! I like how yours turned out, it looks awesome!
i even find my ID
Welcomed home hun!
MY THREESOME
When yo mama call and say she cooking well she really cooking for him but of course i get to
Merci
RTxRT?
Got to be scary - even though my mum does look funny
Credit card or debit but if wala pwedeng on site payment
Thank you
I always have alarms. Then you'll have more of the day to you
I'm in love I'm a believer
I couldn't leave her if I tried
Prefiero esta
Baby you're all that i want
I'm aii, stumbled on your tweet up there and jus thought I holla at that Thicker Than girl uno
Well would ya look right there at the top so proud
Have a great day
Good morning! Happy Sunday relax and recharge!#personofinterest
Lots of self-care and taking care of myself when I've spent years putting other people's needs before my own.
You're very welcome!
She is leadership
finally! the live action ddlc is here! can't wait to see it with my little cousins
Where are my Atlanta men at hey
Already watched it awesome drama I'm looking for something similar.
Thanks.
I bet it is
No not this time London
*blushes* Thank you!
No Doug
Maybe a li'l
sorry baby please puppy trying to be ultra mega happy and show you my smile and send
Goodmorning
Have been a Felix ult since hellevator but now I also ult Woojin and Chris
No. 4 poin b Mas. Demikian
Happy news!
Word game. Enjoy!
Not only true fans, also true friends among models!
Surprising the memories that came flooding back while making stencil fluid and how awesome speed stick smells
I actually might do that. I already have pink sweatpants on so i am going there
Cute lirrle thang
Ne tqt pas il y en a bcp
Nakaka unwind.
see :( but its okay, i don't mind. as long they're happy, its fine
I didn't expect that but thank you
Ah we in jumper club
Q buena noche paseeee
i wouldnt mind living in the libary forever...
I have an Apple Watch for sale for 240 obo if you or know anyone interested dm me
now that back pretty sure regain the friends that you lose while away
Same here It must be an international day.
7 days from now I'll be heading out to CVG to catch my flight to Florida. Spending the week with my dad.
it still does! we can be the young twinnies
alright, i will come soon
Bir Adana
Very ambitious
What a lovely idea
My name is Bree and I write contemporary and fantasy romance.
Please follow me
No hate to you haha, I can deffo empathise with Jake now but just see myself becoming a fan
Deepika Padukone is beauty perfected!
Shopping sunshine and diet coke doesn't get much better!
Merci
Awww how cute
No it's pretty nippy Dave
You look happy.
i know if I can take it anymore
Two cuties as well!
TC is live now, feel free to drop in and say hi
Good morning
I'm kinda miss you but I don't need you as you don't need me too
I think she's next on my list! Next 4 are going to be Palu, Rosa, ZSS, Lucina
Thanks Ari
Microblading and piercing specials running the rest of the month To schedule your appointments email
Would you like that trophy in your house?
Thank you
The fact my is so excited for our little rendezvous
have to play catch up ASAP. actually been rewatching some of your terraria expert videos lol.
intinya: esty gada headset. jd boleh banget
You looks so handsome.
I love your laugh!
Happy birthday!!! I was gonna tell you to make it a good one but looks like you already did Congrats!
grateful for this very thing.
That has to be the best gender reveal seen congrats nedi
You're welcome. *TMG
thank you for the RT this evening
I never checked I need a copy then
Well, i was in d midst of packing n i suddenly received dis messages n i just want to said how much i thank you.
to dad! Hope he has an amazing day!
Happy Sunday Sis.
Thanks so much Lindsey!
After Lunch While Waiting to Mama and Papa
Tea, Coffees and Sweets naman.
Food is Life feeling full
I literally copied and pasted someone tweet if it makes you feel any type of way then block me
Good morning
Debated between my Celtics, Pats, or Red Sox hat this morning
I'm not that far from you it's coming that wayy
Great work as always, Dustin. You're one of the best.
You're welcome
What's stopping you fam?
Get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off your order with
You have a wedding in Vegas? That's great . I don't know how it is but I assume it's not easy. I
The reason why I don't talk much is because people keep yelled at me to stay quiet
I'm pretty sure this is how you will look at 33 babe, don't me
The 3 F's and yes... In this particular order.
Football Food Fun
the stress of work worst ever hope you get a break soon I'm good thanks
Sara Underwood goes deep into nature with very little clothes
I wonder who much I can get
me too! but you know they love surprising us
Whenever you got your money
Hallo Wien
LDR is true hard to handle but if we trust each other and keep on contact or pray each other , InShaaAllah Allah protect our partner
Yessss
Damn I want a cigarette bad fuck this only day two
Your amazing! Thank you
I love watching my memories
Half of Golf is fun ; The other half is putting
But...weekend putting can be tranquilizing
Bhai pic please without name
10/21/18
2 more sleeps till we get go home
13 more sleeps till Baby Elidia's Shower.
Baby Girl is registered
Enjoy I know you are going to fall in love with REPOSE
And forget to let us know the final decision
Two streams next weekend
I just got your birthday message to my phone! so cool
Hello from Uzbekistan
If someone brought me some airheads I would be the happiest person
Can never go wrong with one of the Eeveelutions!
She has your top lip, the shape is the same
So glad that you're happy with someone else
All good Some others seem to have which is cool
Boa tarde!
Aww!
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Microblading and piercing specials running the rest of the month To schedule your appointments
You really are one seriously sexy lady my Mary is curvaceous and sexy just like you hoping your happy pretty lady xx
Mom is in need of charlie puth
So glad you enjoyed, come back and do it again sometime!
Omg omg omg I get to go get eggs out of a chicken coup if you know me you understand how much always wanted one thanks
Microblading and piercing specials running the rest of the month To schedule your appointments
Lovely evening at Mott & Bailey
Ciaoo
Still growing strong. If only our digital is this strong. But it's fine. Time is all we need
So many stories are waiting to be told.
Studying + rain= best feeling ever
Thanks! hope you're well!
ki shadi on 14th Nov
the official vastav for the event
sorry for this weird thought.
Aw, thank you, Ryan! I hope you're doing well.
Microblading and piercing specials running the rest of the month To schedule your appointments email
I'm so lucky and thankful that I was able to come to your concert, it was really the best day of my life
I hope
Mais oui madam , mais oui. Happy to have all perspectives especially from the other side of the interaction.
Thank you I needed that
Cool, danke
Hello my little friend
I've said before - you're the only sugar daddy I follow I admire you for your honesty and your
Lol no not dating just a heart warming moment I felt I needed to share since known him since 5th grade
Merci beaucoup
Ich bin sehr gespannt
Was interesting too right
Hi Guys Good evening im back
miss me ?
Curvy waist. For the thicker girls
Already have a nice tan
Fleetwood Morning
Wow! Thank you so much for sharing this with us - she certainly does look fabulous!
Take care
Izin PROMOTE SUHU
Boy
Privacy&Profesional
Massage Boy Bandung Hanya Outcall Saja
Whatsapp:
thanks you guys are so nice
got the most awards in this
did I miss you here? Hi!
Good result for the Boro last night, let tge celebrations continue!
Thank you
Thankyou
But my scar grew on me and i hate it. Plus it turns into a dimple when i smile
Bon Dimanche
Have a Nice sunday
Pase Bon Dimanch
I'm blessed with good friends and people around me, alhamdulillah
Thanks Paul Hope you like it, loads of great recipes too
It may be premature but I am listening to Christmas music and never been happier
just a cute country girl
Hehe. Well I saw this tweet too late. Will bear it in mind for next Sunday!
I'm a bit bummed
Fix the damn thing yourself
some horrible things going on in the world. So my advice is to listen to Lily and be happy. Just smile
Happened just now
An hour before ends and the Mary Chieffo & Kenneth Mitchell Discovery talk is still packed! Love it
Roflmao I can watch this over and over and over and over again. I Love this video. Thanks
Ok. keep an eye out. I always like helping other Caraval lovers
thx!!
Microblading and piercing specials running the rest of the month To schedule your appointments
Tryb nocny miodzio
Snoop dogg approves New York, New York
I do love it when a plan comes together
Adam brought Lauren to Montreal from Niagara and he brought a diamond
Hi crush JAMMING KA BA HAHAHA
I wait to EAT
xx
Love you guys
Guys, Join me at
watch this space. Xx
Viel
omg my friend just told me to read the manga before watching the anime one haha she said its good!
Mitchi's 2nd year in heaven
Mas madali na mapuntahan pwesto mo.
We miss you soooo muchiii
Ready! But I am a Rebel finishing last year's project
Next year bebe. Ikaw?
I'm back bitches.
Our passing was turgid and slow. So that figures with Williams
Microblading and piercing specials running the rest of the month To schedule your appointments email
It wasn't a messy braid this morning but thankyou! She's too cute
Sure it is, as long as pics are not distributed
Let me download, thank you
Just an ordinary stroll in
Thank you! Being more minimal with makeup on days makes me appreciate when I
Oh sorry! Ok
I just wanted to share this simple pics that i made(edit) ... that you can set as your phone wallpaper I PURPLE
I've been listening to Namanana since it came out on youtube. Absolutely love the music video and the song.
Excitement
Thank you
Went to get my storage unit today
Right back to you Kylee
Someone should order me some food
Please!!!
Cool! Enjoy then
Interested?
Morning
Michigan winters are no joke lol but you should come to the niles ice festival
It's okay not to be okay just admit it to yourself and pray it to God.
Smiles.
A man's gat to prepare for both scenarios.
Who knows
Thank you for the reply!
How about I lift that burden from your shoulders then.
A Crime not to eat it
Microblading and piercing specials running the rest of the month To schedule your appointments email
Thank you ! A few newbies there for me to buy!
welcome!
We dont have time not to.
So that's happiness.
Here's peace.
Is there a love index?
You look beautiful. So pretty girl. . How's your day going on so far
Amsterdone Lovely day for a 3:53 run. They say pain is just French for carbs so pass me the chips please
The team are done for the evening though we will be back in again tomorrow. Have a good evening
To day it did worked at least! I have not click too much, but I recon it can only become better
Halloween is nearing
Us my inspiration . thank you let's be friend when we reincarnate
Tb amo a la AlisonW
Agregaria a la Deborah de Luca, Monika Kruse
No depop in Canada, but see what I can find! Thanks
Kids play wit fire so...
please release sukyo thanks
Bloody love
I agree. Happy and positive tweets please
doing fine and you?
I find food and curling up in a blanket always helps a meh day!
Try it
You were a great Painter! You designed the sweetest curve that my lips could wear.
(c)
Form a single file line, Find Her (36 Photos)
If you only message me when you need something, I will, at some point, stop helping you
Goodnight
Aw, that's really nice of you. You too, have a fabulous day tomorrow
Thank you . Of course you have to come to Norway
Nice to you too
Thank you
Not a bad cocktail considering out of a can
aw well thank you ^-^ i'm glad that you've been enjoying it!
Yas my girl
Waking up for football a chore
Thanks for the post Chooch
gm lex have a wonderful lesbian day
First Sunday roast since the start of summer cooked today. Bloody nice it was too
Your kid has goals!
hi tegan happy Sunday a loved u show last nite u look absolutely stunning and very beautiful babe
Happy Birthday
Khub valo thako and annonde thako God bless you
How lovely
Watch me I also watch you I love you handsome
Yus I guessed that but oooooh it looks soooo good! Well done
Not just yet but have some good ideas for everyone
Happy Sunday, Power People! still here for a good reason! something to be thankful for! Now go
I wasn't creeped out at all! No worries I just hope you're doing well and you're not so frustrated! With me, at least
This is the cutest picture
Happy Birthday leadernim!
People as tall as us!!! It was great taking that photo
Ksksksksk going alone bc my army friends all live too far away maybe see each other then
Oh no! The website still has "make a nomination" on it so I presumed.
Thanks for clarifying.
Goodnight
my hometown
Let me check it out. Thank you so much
Merci
Have a great Sunday too!
Nahi yar. He was good
Happy Sunday Remember smiling is like yawning it is contagious ..... Enlightenment can sometimes a motha
Thanks God for blessing me more than I deserve. Goodnight!
Aww thank you, sweetie
Some of my fav pics from yesterday
By the way, I'm also a big sister of four
u will enjoy this one
Can you guys spot me in the crowd? If you go back and watch the finals during you
Awww, you...
Thank you lamb! Me too!
Today is a great already
Bought 0 fits, hair not done, no looks planned but finesse
Selfies Sunday
It's a Naeroplane!
Enjoyed a "little" bonfire last night..
Organic raspberry shortbread cookies with the raspberry jam I made yesterday
Yay, a bet you have someone with a waggy tail waiting for you Roxy will be pleased to see you
So that's happiness.
Here's peace.
Is there a love index?
made his mark with no backing ... but just patience and hard work
Get yourself one of these! I never have trouble opening a jar on my own anymore
He ask and I replied with a is my year wait low key excited and nervous , but God I trust you living for me
Thanks for 400 followers It'll probs dip under that AGAIN but oh well
Tomorrow marks the first week of my EP'S release, blown away with the responses so far
me too
Good night and don't be lazy tomorrow! Set your goal and achieve it
.
We have an october crazy sale coming
Buy Karlyle Tomms products! YOU COULD BECOME SEXIER, SMARTER AND RICHER! Access at
Time to polish up Old Betsy
Naw frfr everywhere bihh have the blunts rolled n ready to go
- see above.
Thank you!
BUT NOOOOOO. That's the last thing I want to do. Hehe. I hope you also find something you love to do!!!
Happy Birthday Leah . Have a Fallontastic day.
I would like that
Love when I get complimented on my eyeshadow, made my day that has
I will translate for you whenever you want
Even if you cut off the eyes you be able to cutt off the amazing memories
Congratulation. I'm so happy for you
If W finishes the 1st round inside the top 10 a second winner* will be chosen! (courtesy of ) so vote! vote! vote!
some people have hated me for my laugh. fuck them.
7 weeks til I come hm
Hanging out with a friend for dinner
So you live in Hyderabad [West]
Tattoo shop calling my name be in the chair this week
Oh snap. Looks like it's time for me to join
Hi Yumi, can we chat? can I pm you? Sure po.
Thanks
the best thing u can do is to be better self
What would be Claire's favorite book?
be there! Looking forward to it
Back to the noise
Much fun seeing today in Oxford thanks for the signed books
Goodmornight
Sure
// up lady tsunade
Oh yes, clinical reasoning is two words! Bother....
I forgive you for not playing lemonade crunchy Ice with me in lines.
Army brat ? Uh ?
The word army is enough for me to love you and like u
I love Arthur Christmas! How did I not know you were in it? Been a big fan of yours since the Goodness Gracious Me days.
Done session shot & tattooing with tropas salamat sa amats mga boss at sa tiwala
Champ Rocking Century chesadu eroju Sorry Champ Miss ayyanu edi neeku alavate kada elago ani
Kdrama suggestions please
I really have a new love for football
Good Night, Kent! Good night po
welcome xx
Pls can you send to my dm pls
Cool!
Thanks so much. Happy happy. Especially because she said she wants to share!
Hahahah..... So it gona b a Shoravee system.
30 more days till the love of my life comes home
Thank you
Who said not a princess?
Stay strong and everything will be fine
All juventus supporters are by your side as a family
I sleep early
Yes
Never be shameful for graduating late
Learn more about in one of the most beautiful cities in the world. More details soon!
I googled and you're right. I wasn't born then but tho I'm off the hook, the movie is still on my list.
That's gorgeous Dave
Downloaded app and.voted last night so must be able to vote from Sat show to Sun
Overthinking
I watched that too.
I didn't, it looks interesting, I'll try that one. Thank you
Can't wait to meet you Jenna me and my friend will be coming over to see you and we'll be the Brits!!
I would stick with the spreadable lurpak , more chance of it being true
Cause it's his birthday and he's wonderful!
Get yourself one of these! I never have trouble opening a jar on my own anymore
old pic but yes I think it's still me
Roast chicken dinner means I'm making chicken curry for the freezer now...
Please rest well dear.. I know seeing something that not all people can see is so worst...
Tag someone you think would like a adventure A great way of getting outdoors abe exploring
Oh ok thanks.
And you know how much we love you back!
Yeah girl cuz i will
happy 30 years of Halloween 4
That's right.
people!
On a plus though I have pizza coming
Truth.
Never wake your wife.. While she is sleeping. via
Ahhh ok thanks for letting me know!
Welcome
welcome super talented!
Thanks!!
Location please
I'm on my way to it too. Feel very lucky to have tickets
Monday tomorrow!
What better way to start the week than punching things??!!
Kilmacolm community centre.
Come
Thanks America feels the same way
Follow everyone who Likes this
so lovely
thank you
Dreams - The Cranberries
Special shoutout to all the cameramen on sunset drive!! Fabulous work! Thank you so much
I believe we could pull that off perfectly bring it
Take care get well soon
Richards Bay, KwaZulu-Natal
Love the Dilly Dilly ads. They make me smile. I already like Bud Light however.
Yehey. Bumalik na ulit sa 1k mga followers ko. All the more reason to smile tonight.
Thank you everybody for my birthday wishes I had a wonderful birthday !
hiii, !! happy happy birthday naman God bless you always, and take care, ha! See you soonest
congrats bebe
De ontem rs
Stew everywhere
thanks for the follow we hope to see you Thursday
Thanku
It worked!
Saw this in the morning
Please retweet and follow
I'm sure he's very happy about it.
Thanks for the share
Natural remedies work !
Be well
Thank you to all the student volunteers especially Kabayani Club and SSG Officers.
Salamat sa pagsama at
Good Night My Dear Ajithians
My coworker always coming thru for the kid
sitting pretty with bands on my lap
Support, support!
LIGHTS, CAMERA, MAGIC: I voted for Liwanag as my favorite digital video. What's yours? Go
Honestly. I did think it was you when I saw it
Its amazing how much a hot shower can make u feel so much better
It means a lot that you speak about this! Proves that I follow a good person. I respect you so much for this, keep it up Liam
You're welcome. Here's some more.
Thanks Shannon
I'm gonna have my lunch and then some ice cream or cake hope you sleep well binie
You are part of our success
We are most grateful
has a bountiful eye will be blessed for
Happiest birthday sis . Sana happy ka sa gift ko love you
14. Thankyou so much for not giving up
I think is like a big teddy bear ... am I wrong?
Thank you
A one-day workshop to give u the push u may need. It's a once-off!
Good effort Greg - thank you
I also want to be the reason of your laugh
As you
Yeah baby! Target achieved and over raised for thanks to the generosity of friends Me &
Perfect. Good to know. Edmonton it is. I have marked that down Thank you
Hmm idk
But, seems like you are happy with that, i am okay
You take those mercenaries very seriously. So cute
A love where you can see the world together
ok done go back couple...haahha thanks
thanks so much!!!
Gaming/Streaming is about to get a whole lot better!!! The cords are a little messy I know that 2080 is sexy
New assistant manager. European football here we come
2017 In the land where Kosupure (Cosplay) originated
Me too)) Thank you
RTxRT?
Good morning!
Love having breakfast delivered on lazy Sundays
Gestern in Norddeich.
I took my sticker and made it into a fridge magnet
More than one? More like thousands. They're running scared now.
Thank you
love working a 14 hour shift on a Sunday at 7am
Goodmorning Everyone Thankful For Another Day In The Number He Didn't Have To Do It But He Did
<3 , <3
They sound ace! Will definitely have to try the black forest hot chocolate!
We have food... Langas room
thanks for the follow we hope to see you all Thursday
Please keep voting!!!
Day was going downhill But it all changed in one video see.. life can be unpredictable
Finally stopped binge drinking. I take my wine like how I take my meds now ; 2 glasses 3 times a day.
Live Session with Sir Brixio Tan
One day at a time
I should pull up on Anthony and get on his nerves
They will be one day. Never loose hopes
Looking forward!
Beauty queen HD_HDR stills
sooo sweet
Stay positive
.
.
Cheers. No probs if not
Ma'am, am the sweetest guy you could come across.
A surgical studio
hi beth how are u babe happy sunday hun u look fantastic and very beautiful babe u always do
Today has been a very good day both irl and online
You are gorgeous
Many thx 4 yr RT
Yes we are. You enjoy the reruns tonight and Tues show will be worth the wait. Have fun.
Always
It's not out Doug
U too!!
Looks amazing!
Gracias
Of course you silly billy
Ist schon so was mit diesen
Lovely to meet you
please read
Thanks mate! really glad you enjoyed it man
Single & not in a relationship!
Kindly remember that!
Come I will teach you.
no idea what I am Enjoy thank you and goodbye . (Do check your assumptions. )
like -1 for Kelowna Mark.
If anyone lives in Covington and needs a ride to polling places for early voting, please let me know. be happy to help out.
NW: The girl with all the gifts
I love having my own apartment
Potential offer CALL/TEXT ME
Why thank you.
Sensational
Thank you for all the updates throughout the season!
Congrats on making it to Hump Day, here is your reward! (38 Photos)
Tell them "bad energy stay far away"
Kyary Pamyu Pamyu and a~chan in South Korea.
Thank you
happy birthday!!!
Oh good..I'm looking forward to it (I think) Thankyou
Thank you
Ok : nails vs tchass + une tete
I am looking forward to new healing methods! Especially for lower back pain.
You're welcome lovely. Yes we do have some lovely areas in Kent.
Retweet if you are eagerly awaiting for
Maybe the real midterms were the friends we made along the way
happy birthday!! wait for our double bday party this december
Thanks so much man! I think it was the right call
Hi? just curious if you know what is the meaning of Meteor Garden title? Like why that was the title of the drama?
Thank you, Steve. I'm delight you love it
5 more days until the day my mother can officially kick me out the house.
I finished all my homework for this week last night, and I'm already finished with homework for next week in 2 classes. I can kick back
Have a gr8 Lauren Screeden stay out there Go
Love your place! Hope to see you again soon.
This is including everyone from the Girls of Paper and Fire tweet too
Forgot I was following you on here *unfollow*
double meaning
For me it can avail itself if I want to
Ummm in Riyadh!!! DO.....YOU....UNDERSTAND....ENGLISH?!!! I would sign language if I knew how
Coffee shop owner sees me in my red coat: you look like lil red riding hood
Me: yea? Well more like the big bad wolf
Hell yea I cant wait I miss
He can and he has several times but not to LOOT my money
Hoy hemos comido Udon con bacon y tortilla al curry
Smoke a bowl and get over it!
cela te rappellera un
You remembered!!
Muchas gracias
still at episode 4. This show is so good
Nahh...thank you
Yes Benson, alpaca jumper club! ow ya doin pal?
Absolute Perfection Adore Daddy Derek already I see a BIG Family Dinner In the Future Best Writing Ever
Now I solved the puzzle pieces
Your welcome
happy 21st!! dnt gotta go to anymore for beer lol, enjoyyyy!!
Yeah i knew about that, its spell mistake for" adopting ", I wrote "adopted" . Chill bro its
joking
Andrea bruder kopf hoch ist zwar aber einfach saustabiles bartgame
Pickford
Dear I have checked her account before saying that i saw her making fun of JK than praising him
Thank you
what's your favourite dessert?
Coming right up
video call you but not ready for to be disappointed
that is so nice to here they are my fans at your Farm
Steve everything we do counts, keep up the good work
On my way to the How did we get here your. I'm thrilled!
dm me when you get the chance
Ah... the writing is incredible, though some stuff I saw coming. I'm gonna have to look now and see which one five was
i'm finally over it
Thank you
Lol now we all gaht ' Age "21" ' songs, sweet
Nine One One || South Africa
It matters little to me what bigots think of me
Thanks! Lyndsey got back to me on Facebook messenger. Really lovely and helpful all sorted
True, but more of us means a better chance of defeating them!
I thought that
Thankyou for today hope lepas ni dapat join event lagi. Hajat nak jumpa tercapai
Beautiful.
In etwa
Thank you
Coming soon to a rink near you
Thank you Lord for today. Bukas po ulet
I am Swiss born, and call Canada home.
Speak English and Italian
I am an aunt to two sets of twins.
I also
Thanks Lynda I hope you enjoy watching the race!
Merci
believe so, too Hugs to you!
Being on submission to publishers?
Preciate that
Ek hi message pura complete kar diye.
Mai achchha hu.Sabhi log swasth hai. Vaise Bharat me
Thanks m8
Gmorning
When someone only messages you when they want something aha how aboutttt NO!
Entretenida
I liked a video Don't Worry!!! These Goblins are nice
it feels so good outside today
Thank you
he's liking everyone's comments but still.. i'm easily pleased lol
U won't need to hijack, I'll invite u dw
iPad playing up, see
I will better me and grow
Youre welcome !
Jeremy! I love reading your opinions and believe ever seen you be an asshole to
Young age is Life itself
I want to be young forever
You're very welcome thank you xx
Orders for Reti_o and Couper Star have been sent in! Waiting for replies regarding payment
Other C-drama's to watch please?
I'd like to even though I am younger and really far away from you
heyy new and looking for mutuals ^^
rt if you stan:
-NCT
-Blackpink
If you want to talk DM me
Learn How to Become Rich by Investing in Yourself First
Learn How to Become Rich by Investing in Yourself First
Food
Internet
Sex
And I will be here till the end
Thank you
Thank you Caroline It was fun!
I do know that I like my eggs hard
just bought some more sweaters
You can ask me anything over here:
is a single best friend
Well this is just delightful
Un bon jap
We're going this afternoon if you guys wanna join.
Thought so.
Thank you
Merci
Love your make up tutorials so helpful thank you
Whew! You can dislike the
May your day be filled with love, light and all things nice.
42 days living Keto and down 23 lbs
Thank you I love it
Felt amazing to regularly with different last week! Looking forward to this week, come join me?
I should sleep na siguro.
"By !" As in... "Bye !" [I'm merely a frusrated editor
Thanku arshbirsingh loveneeshgautam for nice steps & for sharing this video
We are proud to be a part of the school team and can't wait to get stuck in! Thankyou to everyone for this opportunity
Comme tu dis
Swinging into next week with hopefully better health and a lil me time
.
.
.
Perfect weather for a small bowl of tomato soup from Atlanta Bread
How To Grow with 0 Views and 0 Subscribers with Tim Schmoyer
Micro Killer Gorilla (1983)
You are always welcome in Rotterdam
Good morning...... angels So.....love is loving all of you especially your feet! have a bless Saturday
aww thank you love
That would be lovely
Found it thankyou
DSSW Deep State in National Parks
10K? Army Deep State March 2America
That looks lovely. I may steal your idea of a throw basket!
Nice meeting you pogi
Not gonna happen. Get on some good meds you will need them for oh I say till 2025. Enjoy
Thanks! That one is my favorite one I took and didnt realize I took
pave the road directly to ahgase heart
is the best
Taking fam bam to brunch today
Worlds 2018: G2 Esports Playoff Stage Giveaway
Click on the link
Today
Funny Games (1997) by Michael Haneke
Sunday vibes
.
.
.
This just turned me on
It is a beautiful day to have a blessed day!
on Facebook Marketplace
My kids just made there first video, and yes they are trash !
Cool!
. Hello, what has been one of the funniest Christmas presents you have received
If they're currently reading your MS then they are reading something really, really good! I know this for a fact!!!
Just got served breakfast in bed! Except not breakfast time and I probably be in bed. a lucky guy!
Followed!
So Porky gate crash then?
ur son's girl
welcome
Thank you
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Expressing my thoughts, feelings and emotions through writing, SOON.
Thank you!
Yie thankyou Lord
Goodluck sa Midterm mo, Jen Thankyou anon!!!!!!!!!!!!!! goodluck rin
Okayy I'll keep it like this then I'm happy with it
I like you madly from the first day I saw old photoshoot you hv done with Beinghuman .. You
Ah...I love the smell of food baking in the oven....
One last one
Gosh! Thats weird Really interesting, thanks for sharing
Thanks sa pagfollow Ms. P Siwon oppa biased here
I cant wait to thanksgiving break so i can start cooking again
wait
Thank you
How would you know? and sweet wow I can get used to that
DSSW Deep State in National Parks
10K? Army Deep State March 2America
Pls come back my love Malaysian GS miss you!
Turning my phone off I need this negative energy on this the beach this lovely Sunday morning
Blimpie over subway me either ..
Get ready for Thanksgiving
Oh.... Try to recover the data, it is almost possible now.
Next time, use some free orpaid
Boa tarde
I'm sure you have more interesting things to do... like, hunt for spiders.
Done
Auf gehts Jungs, ihr schafft das .
yesterday
Bang with local hotties at
filipina porn nude beach tall girl porn
FISH
Tournament host Sergio Garcia leads at Valderrama follow me please
Thanks
Congratulations on 100K
I was wondering if it did smell of pineapple lovely!
Thankyou! I will
Happy Birthday Kim Hanbin my love Saranghaeeee
5 Stages of friendship :
Bolo
Bol
Bak
Bonk
Ap konsi stage pe hein
Meri to 2sri wali se age I ni bar rahi!
What a beautiful sight congratulations on the successful TOUR and congrats too for winning the
Nothing like cooking my favorites to my content. I tried
Chanyeol de videoyu
Pi dinna tur hming put chhan tlang chu khi ngei khi
Super movie vishal Anna All the very best Stay blessed always
Of course. Yw
Hi Happy Birthday
we talk a lot but I would love to get to know you & become friends
Just gimme some truth!
Exportando...
Thank you
I think you and I agree.
Aw jam thank you
And also congrats on your new job! awesome!
Thank you God for this beautiful Sunday ..
Hello Dom......I mean Sir
happy, happy birthday Aaron!! have the most wonderful day sending all the love and hugs from germany
Added to my list.
Thank you for the Will
It really is! And my journey to church is such a nice one
Always for you Miss
see, i need negativity in my life. get blocked
No problem. glad you stuck with it and finished
happy happy birthday to you darling i love your crazy and hope you'll always have a reason to smile
I want to go on a real date lol
Happy birthday HANBIN
I look irresponsible without them
Same to you dear
done! thanks for the chance
Yeah probably. I also love pineapple though and have had that with pepperoni before
Of course!
Oh yes please
Just know be the only o e here but lol cycle safe everyone
Me and are going to the pumpkin patch and so excited
Brilliant - thick as two short planks - remoaners
Anything for Miah
Yes! I sketched her since it was her birthday recently
I appreciated your enthusiasm and effort, Scott.
That earned you a follow my fellow Canadian
Yeah congratulations
for winning these two Awards
How's next Saturday unless uri munhu we areas then tomorrow
Only fake people are called Franco
goodmorning
Love fairs have fun !
I only hope the best for you and your genuine and lifetime happiness thank you for everything. always my greatest love
The Curious Creations of Christine McConnell! Great cooking/sculpting/sewing show with hilarious characters
First of all, you have no clue why single Second, if you are going to ask someone on a date,
Thanks Jonny! Ive got hip surgery a month ago
Here some attention Moreeeeee
I wanna fight PERIOD
Thank you, it is very beautiful! It is one of my favorites which I will cherish for a lifetime!
Bring cameras instead
The seafood Mac cheese was so good
Thanks uncle ji
excited na me pumasok
To eat trash rice
I've sha eaten
Big day tomorrow, hoping that we could enjoy it students!
It was very nice! Thank you.
thank you for enjoying the ramyun that i cooked tonight thank you for spending your resting time to play
grabe jd ang mga challenges this yr!!
Thank you for tonight
so glad to hear that
I want to emphasize that nothing has been confirmed!
They indeed live a very simplistic life. "simplistic" in idol standard... for me its syn to being "humble"
Dah puas golek2 ni... tak leh tdo jugak...
Anyway, good night n sleep tight
Casper the friendly domme online all day and available to chat between my two sessions. DM or kik
I feel like a true now that I have an Xbox, PS4, and gaming PC I am the owner of the most
please, repress the vinyl Slime Girls "Heart on Wave!"
DSSW Deep State in National Parks
10K? Army Deep State March 2America
Tired but grateful
Amo Netflix
Learn How to Become Rich by Investing in Yourself First
have fun
U r always welcome dear & u too
That would be fab - happy to share
bonito Port Saplaya
He could be visiting family
Happy b-day Steve Lukather have a gr8 day & a Awesome new yr.
If you have less than 100K Followers
Retweet
Follow all Retweets .
Follow back all follows.
rc flying was so good today!! so tired now though lmao oof time for a bath
I was 7lbs 13oz and 21 inches so my first guess and my second guess would be 8lbs 2oz and 21 inches
Battle of the Sounds
Tiwasan Basketball Court
Congrats committee
favorite breed of dog? aspiiiin sobrang lambing hehe, pero any breed will do kasi dog naman yun ack
Sorry bebe Iloveyou
Do trust in plan
Some are
Thank you so much for the concert in Paris; c'est refaire
Perfect for drive from Le Lion to Calais
Silver Cross pioneer special edition
You too lovely
Les invito a ver este sketch divertido, compartan y den Me gusta.
There is the rumor of early December comeback
Start preparing
So start saving
Start streaming
Start voting
Happiest cyclist *anywhere* today
AND the shirt still fits too
Imagine your future with your dream person, its over the moon.
Drops iPad
Not cracked
You're a good mix of them both
Thank you unnie
Thank you
That's a lesson that took me way longer than it should have to learn. You're good people. Don't stress out over this.
Lindo
lmfaoooo, well, the only juicy thing that happened is we kissed in the parking lot and set another date already
What a beautiful sight congratulations on the successful TOUR and congrats too for winning the
em Londrina
Congrats, you two!
Good ! it's funny to think you're drinking coffee, cause your day begins and mine is soon
pinsan ko na lang sama ko sa concert ng blackpink. if ever. we understand each other naman.
SM grant your wish honey
thank yiu for this ga! goodluck evryone
My heartstrings are currently playing a lot of minor chords today if somebody could switch it up to major chords, I would appreciate it.
Absolutely stunning
Miriam!! You are such a force for good on booktube I'm sure I'm not the only one who thinks your
It's my birthday today
and 18
so glad has made it's way to it's is the perfect brew for when
Went from 50 to 26. Maybe 60 tomorrow. The fickle finger of mother nature
Last night was wild. I need a repeat
They did
Rtxrt?
Day 3
eating hyejoo -> healthy hyejoo -> happy me
Thank you
I'm right beside you patriot sister
Jolie...can you move and give me some space of being loved in peace!lol
Thank you Marion to you...
I KNOW you have great cooks in your fam, give those ladies a break this year (or next)
Interesting profile! for hotel & hostel reservations
Thanks same for you
Tell more about it
I love that we never know what we're ganna get some legs one pic and swagged on the next
Looks like a fun way to build collaboration
Unspoken Utterance is continuing its journey via Review
missing the days I had enough time to
Already ordering the stuff
congratulations moe!! super proud of you & hope you continue to shine! such an amazing accomplishment, god bless!
Trust me on this, I find out everything even if not now but I will eventually
Good morning
Smile in front of people who hate, so that your happiness will kills them, happy happy friday.
Thanks again!
Guess who has PICKFORD as a goal keeper
I mean the angry mobs, of course.
Got it from m my mama
Homecoming was good or whatever
Spending time with my 2 nephews and my son reminds me why I want more than 2 kids
Amazing present, could not be happier
Natuwa ka naman
Morning workout
This ensemble is just amazing!
Congrats
Just left church, I feel like I got my life together today.
Use this hashtag for Social Votes
RT,LIKE or tweet using this hashtag
FIGHTING!
Picture Says It All.. No Needs Of Caption
Happy Tears
Congrats!!! FAM AND FRIENDS!!!
Perfect indeed!!
Waiting patiently for Doctor Who have a good evening, speak to you tomorrow
I love it!
Oh yes please
Right here dummy
I got a new phone, same number but no contacts so if you actually talk to me send me a text with your name pls
Thank you so much! Sorry for the slow reply, haven't been on in a few days
Sure? Level of confidence
I don't need to defend anything. Smiling again.
DSSW Deep State in National Parks
10K? Army Deep State March 2America
Wow. Haha last time I cry was just 3 hours ago. Why? Because I like crying lol nope
If he don't pay for your flight he doesn't value you sis. Stay your ass at home.
Yesterday was a surprise...
my feelings are honestly so hurt but still gonna be strong and be the best person that I can be
Voted! Good luck!
Use to help him keep swimming .
Log out from my acc will ya? i am asking you nicely.
As someone quickly reminded me, this Friday
Zonsondergang
A day full of good food and drinks with my pops and Den
The landscape looks so beautiful Enjoy your free time I love you so much
welcome
You too Mystic... Greetings
IDK where it gonna end Somehow I have faith in myself I can do thissssss
Phew! Working progress but we have a clear vision
Same as mine the grey one? X
Very happy to host you in Ireland.
From my classroom at Woodroffe High School
Back to
Good morning
Fraid not.... the cupboard is bare so Vodka it is
Galaxy chocolate is so underated
DSSW Deep State in National Parks
10K? Army Deep State March 2America
nice to meet you din!
Aaawwww.... cute!
Lovely garden!
It's always nice to reshare post of close guru - Ronak Bhayani
sounds so much like my daughter when she was just a wee one. they come up with some of the
LMAO. It's okay. I'll change it back tomorrow.
Would you like some company?
Thank you Vijay uncle
I liked a video MON NOUVEL ATELIER !
It is not Doug
Always have a soft spot for Irish potatoes
Proud na proud ako sayo Ms Lea i love youu!!
Translation plz and thank you
Unfuck with able
When you are up for a good What are your or
I'd love to see you in the ring
Most def agree with this !!! RT Blimpie over subway me either ..
Yikes - me on TV! Ran 1:42:01 fuelled by jelly babies
any chance of Mary Poppins being a future Disney collaboration?
You deserve all the love, bro! We're here for you all the way!
Mitchi's resting place..
.
.
Worth it ang byahe kahit malayo .. accommodating staffs and mas nag improve sya
Have happy autumn thoughts.
Just love this
"Your welcome my dear"
fam the voting for pcas is already over but you can use this ht instead
Kids got inspired this morning after momma's great breakfast all I know is I better have a stapler on hand to
Even if your take a number of titles from now on, the first title is forever. Always keep your mind as open as when you began.
sure we can arrange that
Screenshot sendiri supaya percaya
Good night then Rest well and hope you have a better day tomorrow
Dont let those haters bring you down Kay mamshie angel stay strong lng po kau andto po kming mga
Ohh..our sweetest Peniel
You may see him as a shy-type, quiet and innocent guy.. BUT..
Have you heard of the
(2015)
Terrible year; back-to-back tears. But thank God for His healing.
Been a fun trip to Montreal. Exhausting but loved it. Good food, great places, the best guy accompanying.
plsss subscribe and leave a like and comment on his channel
AMAAAAAZING !!!
Ty!
Laters Dave, have a great evening my friend
thank you thats so sweet of u
Thank you
Brilliant day of fun, laughs and just being a kid again with my squad Memories made at our team funday event
Maybe this positive Action get contagious
mad about death, not age. But age is easier to be mad about.
DSSW Deep State in National Parks
10K? Army Deep State March 2America
I'm also happy
Alhamdulillah this weekend is so hectic. Get ready for this week pulak. May Allah ease everything
But on a more serious note, thank you. It really did help the haachuus slow down. And surprisingly, I liked it.
Happy for you
Found in Spencer Park and rehidden nearby
Thank you
...
Get stronger or life fucks you
I believe in you! But playing with a team is always more fun for me
Singles were usually sold separate lol some came with remixes too
When you bump into the Irish President on your evening stroll. Such a gent and a wonderful representative, I
Thank you Jennifer.. I agree with you, Keith is definitely amazing!
I think you centre the drums on While My Guitar Gently Weeps and it immediately appears
Pheasant ,leek and wild mushroom
Thank you
Make i come Chill here maybe i will see someone's dota to toast here
Gracias Tummy!!!!
Afternoon naps are the best
Thank you
DSSW Deep State in National Parks
10K? Army Deep State March 2America
teacher, I thank you for all the happiness you give me with your works
y'all do it wrong though...the fact that you don't want a reship doesn't mean
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
You don't. Stay disconnected
I respect the love, but I get myself to like the Doyers. love you bud
Check your inbox later for STRANGELOVE goodies
Yay thank u po!
Helped distribute leaflets in Lakeside this morning with
Thanks
Indeed And her being set up to become a leader in the finale after all she went through is beyond
Those red moscato nights
Oh to be in England
i wish i could walk beside you in this paradise.
Thank you
100% agree with you luckily, human beings have the ability to learn from their mistakes and
Why would you ever get out of bed?
There's too much love by Belle & Sebastian
Get delicious vegetarian ingredients delivered straight to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh
Let me get out the bed finna clean up an cook dinner early
That's good then always got wheels John
Thanks! recently decided to revamp the art in the game. glad you like it
May Him always ease everything for you
Is it just me? Had to say WEEEEEEEEEEEEE when I saw this
Aku
That's go, don't worry about it! It's not a jump scare so I'm good.
just how to be happy ....
be waiting
Indeed the luckiest
Following all n RT'd Thank.
One day I will find a where I already am following all
We all need to pick a backup for the Twins eventually.
It looks cold outside, hope you are keeping warm. You always have a smile on your face. Thank you for being you.
Listening to you guys was part of our training! So THANKS!!!
enjoy Shaz.. have a fantastic evening xxx
good
Brathe....cleansheets uliacha last season
Lovely to meet a fellow author - hope your event went well!
Thank you for protecting our country. You will be one of the greatest president in America
Aww so cute will do anything for their kids sugar or no right? I bet you had a lot of fun
Still over the moon after watching Ms. last night with my in through Facetime.
Because you deserve nothing but the best, Chris!
Wow Tita Inday Hopie noticed you also!!!
You deserved all the love Tita.
Yes I going to do this to my boyfriend
Hey can you DM me? I wanna talk to someone who I know will understand
Update on my uncle he has broken 5 ribs 2 in 2 places but he will be OK and he is doing fine
Loooove the lil trot
plsss subscribe and leave a like and comment on his YouTube channel
at state of brouhaha right now. I tell why..
Looking great HK! I miss seeing your Japan adventures. But I love your current adventures. Have fun wherever you go.
DSSW Deep State in National Parks
10K? Army Deep State March 2America
...and the rest is written in history cash magnet
She has expressive eyes like
BUEN ES QUE NO
Saaya Amatsuka,my idol,love you ,met you before Saboten Con where very kind,it was nice talking to you
so nice out that I was able to drive with the windows down
So happy and feel fabulous with these beautiful people. Thank you gals! HAPPY 18th Ye!! MAHAL NA
Definitely the ones y'all have ignored putting into consideration for the past 15 years
Official fanlight hardcase still available~ Discounted price is 1050, free shipping nationwide~ DM me~
I'm watching you too You are beautiful I love you so much
Un fuck with able
When you hide money from yourself so you spend it but then you forget about it and find it again>>>> What a wonderful day!!!
I loved it oppa. I had a very bad day today but your face just made me smile. Thank you for posting
We also hit up Bath&Body Works and and made a trip to the photo booth
Not when a Gaam thing is called Gaamuk, surely that's not racism anyway.
a good way to look at it. Thanks!
Good night
Come to Bahrain! Would love to show you around
I do love bambi xx
welcome Perhaps next time I be as nervous & will have more of a conversation with you.
Incase wondering. still stuck in the emo phase, still trash, and still a depressed pos.
You're very welcome and thanks Chris xx
what an epic surprise was amazing to meet you
So will you know dm me?
DSSW Deep State in National Parks
10K? Army Deep State March 2America
Request $REQ is priced at: $0.063068
Binance fees are 3-5x less than Bittrex !
I believe
Great idea!! As a new Associate Editor, I'd like to bring this up to my EIC, if you don't mind.
You're very welcome!
movie chustnaru Amma tv off chei ante chepte vinatldu
She likes & combo
Ideal Cut in Japan Uchiwa sold
Depends if you are blue or so not for me I felt sorry for defense, they did a
Interested
Home now. pagoda pero worth it.
You can do this - a brave decision - definitely I could not do it
appreciate it
& do i think safe to say we enjoyed our hc weekend
I'm so happy right now.
Maybe you would like to go? There's, like, a big show and I have a Loch Ness contender match!
Go to the hartys page and click on the cog/settings bit and a share option what I did
It'll be an honor to have you following me Sir!
SHINee. Please let me win this time
This is real.
One eventful day, but a happy one at most
How lovely
Ah! Sparkhill & Mr Shah
Thank you.
Plz dont do it for likes/rts..
Do it for ur idol (with all hearts)
And I'll like rt them all if I come across them
Stray Kids on Naver real time search. Still climbing up.
Wow !!
.
.
.
What a heart melting line I read today
Feliz cumple chispi !
Crossing my fingers for you!
thankyouuu, gbu2
Is it an open invite, I'll bring homemade strawberry cheesecake which is rather excellent
Rica ederim.
It's a glorious Sunday and check out my AWESOME Colts Cheerleader cup that just came in!! Love it!! Now let's
Ha Ha me too! I can't be dealing with all this trendy modern nonsense. Although I do like emojis
Aww thank you I too sure about it at first, but yeah, it looks good all together and glad you like it too
Good night.
181021 Power up (Seola Fancam)
(
Full ver :
Yes wait
HAPPY BIRTHDAY B.I!! I hope you enjoy it and have fun
The book comes in my Birthday 29/10 released in Argentina too ? Greetings i hope you come Back to my country with The Cure
Thank you! positive we will
I smell awards for Am I the only one?
Happiest Birthday Love u!
Bloody Love in his woolly bobble hat mind
Oh god my heart take
Good Morning Jody
Of course! We'll be happy for you
sorry for everything ur welcome haha hope u enjoy ur day
Rock on!
You're so lovely b.
ILYSM & IMYSM
Thank you for posting today.
IG: roses_are_rosie
Jin, you worldwide handsome, are so adorable that I believe it sometimes I hope you are always happy!!
nehm den
I need some steak in my life right now. Hope doing well Philly
100 Bra Burners Absolutely Love
Read surah noor
Yep. I'm that petty
Happy Sunday everyone!
I really know what to say! Heyyyy guyssss
I wish you well even if it's not with me. That's how love is supposed to be---- finding true happiness for the ones we love the most.
demleyin gari.
I wish you well even if it's not with me. That's how love is supposed to be---- finding true happiness for the ones we love the most.
Thank you art work not mine - found it on pinterest
I do.
This is great love it
Nice shirt. I have the same one
Thank you very much
Alrighty, DM me please
Yesterday/lastnight
I loved it
DSSW Deep State in National Parks
10K? Army Deep State March 2America
be alright
Already mailed in my ballot!
MashaAllah too
Taking photos is still my number one too xx
Hope out enjoying this amazing weather in Harris county today
But then I realized I'm already pretty and cozy!
I felt so bad! Sunod sunod tweets ko. Sorry
Wonderful!
I'm here for you Lew
No, we flew back to Norway yesterday. But it's been a wonderful week
Hope you had a restful weekend wishing you happiness in the coming week
I place order for batteries. On there way
all out support na mga prend mo, baby.
Please post more vid or pic because cute, beautiful and sexy Aw, thank you And try
Un pass Navigo Platinium
Aw thank you! *blushes* hey, anytime you want to collaborate hit me up!
Darf ich The lurch of us 2018
Oh it was so overwhelming Matt still in a spin at how it happened . I keep thinking ran a marathon haha xx
How you become patron??? I am ambassador from israel
Omg yes so
Is a curve? Asking for my bro
Live to Ride...RIDE FREE!!
Winter pot creations The Hebes, Euonymous and tiny Conifers will be big enough to plant in the garden or in
Thank you for coming to the talk. It was so great to meet you in person!
Im guessing 21 inches and 8 pounds 1 ounce congrats ace family
Practice makes perfect xx
M I invited?
I'm taking part, I'm listening to it on Audible at the moment and catching up with bullet journalling at the same time
I just bought a size 34 jean.... gym works guys.... it works
Future husband just text me to tell you that 'wa wa covered ' soonest !
Can't wait to upload my set with penthouse to my patreon Grab their October Musicians magazine and their website
Just enough
Do you know any urban legends? If so, tell us about it! No, I know any
Thank you for this!
Def you're in NYC right? If you happen to be on Broadway just text me...
Love it top lad
This little fella was very happy to be having a splash under the sun today!
My birthday is the 27 Individual teaser ...
Got the car cleaned and washed
live with or without them
Fun fun long weekend. Credits to waxxypot. Good night
I don't Doug
I LOVE MYSELF
AS MF MUCH
\ /
I un-hear that! OMG Terry Bradshaw ruined Mozart forever! And
Getting our documents verified on private time with SavageHouseTV at the drop of a hat coming right up
McDonalds: OnlyChrisMac Because you deserve nothing but the best, Chris!
Me too!!
Lexington and Louisville are practically next door neighbors these days
Except when it
I'm so happy to see you with Deonna.
My phone usage is down 7% from last week
You did a fab job albeit a sweaty one
My mom loves these guys. (So do I.) We have framed stills from their shorts all over the house.
Will be watching later
It was good! I especially enjoyed the coffee refills
lost in japan | &
hope you guys like it
AGAIN Enjoy
Aw, Annie is the best ever, Jack!
Get delicious vegetarian ingredients delivered straight to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh
Lol I had mine in my lap too. Read some on the plane.
Thank god Notre Dame won the bye week..
Good afternoon.....and 'Hell Yeah' !!!
y Se Encuentran en la playlist K-Pop X-Overs.
PlayList
is really good.
even the closest people to you have a lot say about you
bad luck finished
I might not be who looking for, but I make a range of bandanas
My website is
Is it bad I like the Ace Family and Austin is super attractive
awsome, stick to what you love doing an it will benefit you
Phones fixed
Miss you boks!!! Goodluck on your career
Spot on
I'm drinking endless cups of tea and looking for some blog posts to read/comment/subscribe please send your
I saw it's for BBC radio one award
thank you
i need some more friends that go to Ole Miss and like to have fun
I have now!
Thanks for coming
DSSW Deep State in National Parks
10K? Army Deep State March 2America
Yes. sorry for not updating today. I got sidetracked I forgot to edit. Haha. Thank you for reading!
en mi ley?
Sunday afternoon stroll.
Thankyou for today. Tmr i will post the freebies tht i got from the carat. Good night Carat
ps: im
Habibi not blaming myself, just learning from my mistakes
Lovely
Lots of memories
one word to describe your childhood
Thanks. I had a DNF 3 weeks ago in Warsaw so I really needed this today
Now available on the iTunes podcast app! Just search and it will show up
Tomorrow I will watch the part 2.
Great to have Lexi back on here love listening to these podcasts awesome
Keep this energy as you drive past the Apple store.
I'll check it out now!
even the closest people to you have a lot say about you
When you act as leader you should avoid favoritism in a first place.
It wasn't directed at you
I don't wanna come
Thanks
How are you? Espero que estes bien
I'm love you
Argentina is waiting for you.
You're welcome Christina! The same to you
Happy BornDay Enjoy!
Thank you so much!! We worked p hard i the costumes and were v proud of how they came out
Perfect image of a true beauty queen
ARMY LOVES KIM SEOKJIN, WORLDWIDE HANDSOME & WORLDWIDE CUTIE GUYYYY glad to hear it ended safely
Silencio, no lo vayan a despertar.
A clear case of dogmentia if I ever saw one! I think you should see someone immediately
Yes Hopefully done by the end of November
Nailed it
Yay :D! Are you coming to Hitchind indies Thursday? Could play the most up to date version then
Thanks for the warning, . make certain you all fail. Miserably. Again.
Raunchy hairy lesbians use a strap on dildo
wait for raw tomorrow night
Hi William. Enjoy your evening. I will be watching the tv. Chat tomorrow. Take care and keep smiling xx
DSSW Deep State in National Parks
10K? Army Deep State March 2America
Happy birthday Queen I LOVE YOU SOOOO MUCH and so proud of everything that accomplished
Chilly October morning
Congrats!! My little babie
You are the best leader, a cute person and a good artist. I love u so much.
Have a look at this TOP BOY Gary
I need your logic and accurate response, Scott. I was lamenting!
Perfect cheers
Findings I love me 2018 Next week continues with book fair Espoo Finnland
Ah ok! Yes it is. Served by Her Royal FloraNess herself. Stuff in there is pretty good but you can't buy everything
that muscle again you making fashionable
Sent one, it'll be from Ser-Morton
This will be hero only fights
I would be HONORED to go to Scotland with you to see you wrestle
I told my baby ima put a smile on her face
It really is G man the itlalian one was great
Thank you
After church nap
I've done my part.
under gee.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5......
If you know what I mean.
Send us a free scarf love
Have you switched camps in Wipro?
Toys
Tag your friends
Image credits
Follow for more
Thank you rinah!!
Lol
Just ask the questions and I will answer
Both inna the warm peas soup and inna bag fe yuh bring home.
Delete the these people are amazing so you can add all your friends
New Comedians tonight at 7.30 hosted by
Only ONLY FIVE POUNDS
Don't Doug
Playing, exploring, eating and sleeping...
We caught up with Paddy, Pepe, Patsy, Percy, Pippin and Piper - six
An adorable way to start the day
Thank you for the Account I guess this is my Back Up noww
Add her - Ms Sakm
Her name is Tammy and she's one magnificent monster
Followback
My heart beat differently and not in a negative way either I just and tolerate bullshit no more periodt
Your welcome Larry.
That face! Would you like to see your little one as our Submit your photos
can I read it while you write it?
ill be a princess
Got all colors
yesseu, changmiin. i do have a boyfriend.
Forever gorgeous you rock for a lifetime to remember queen of the world
No longer accepting good morning texts just the direct link to the song
Oh yes we are DEFINITELY doing that
If i'm a King you're must be my Queen
Thanks a lot Ruby
Jokes on you because you assume a Christian. Either way, just as bad & fine really
I had a great time playing with you all , thank you
Jawn bullshitted me 2 times already only 38 more times to got tho
Jeff - awesome.
y Se Encuentran en la playlist K-Pop X-Overs.
PlayList
Don't worry noona, I'm here with you
Good afternoon
Okay decided I'm for sure gonna watch Transylvania 3 today, cleaned my glasses just now to get myself ready
Tiktok invading Twitter
Thank you will do
Thank you, Rebecca!!!
Thx what I was going for
Ok my eyes hurt I think I need more
Noted! Thank you!
welcome
wait to be back tomorrow again
04.10.2016
Swipe left
10.21.2018
HAHAHAHAHA eto paaa I love you both gurls! aprlmayjunejuly
tak sure if this really helps. tapi maybe boleh dapat sikit from this tweet.
I dunno if ever heard of him... his name is Dallon Weekes
Stoke Bruerne and Blisworth Tunnel today
I get ignored and thasss okee
Tonight's one of the best nights ever! Thank you, for bringing us all back to the 90's It's nice to
It's less more to follow ASAP
Thank you! She is a very smart girlie
Thank you for sharing this! You've made my day complete
I have a good friend from primary school
i have time for negativity. doing tooooo good
Love it.
bias wrecker in idle? Minnie Nicha, always
Thanks
Always. I'm merely pushing the edges. Those always offended or bothered will fold on their own.
Also true
Exactement !
Thanks for that Andy!
And i also i love that pune lonavala stretch both by road and train route
Good luck to us!!!
Good thing my virginity has never been compromised
You brought this one out of the archives, Billy Ray! Thank you!
It is ok as long as u have good friends around you.. Asyik post dkt ig dgn whatsapp ja.. Post sini pulak la
Thank you Carla Enjoy your Sunday bed
Um faves love so much
Thank you
i really love balloons so of course i had to get some for today
2 prof poor
It's my birthday on Tuesday off to the Isle of Wight, have you been there?
Thank you
Kay Openshaw Jon Openshaw
Great pic
do have a sense of humor. Have a great day.
Opposing candidates in have a *different* back-and-forth exchange.
Commenting on my intellligence is probably one of the best compliments I could get. Along with being a sweetheart
Thanks
Thank you to both of you
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
thanks for this amazing moment
Yeah...
.
.
NEW VIDEO ALERT! MY 2 WEEKS...
.
LINK IN BIO
.
Featuring music by
TWITTER PEEPS
My 1 was so I'm gonna try it this way
IF you want to
Your so sweet fine just been one thing after another around here so been busy
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, WILD THING! Have a fantastic day. See you on Thursday and Friday
I think I may have found our 30th wedding anniversary holiday via
Read first line of your bio.
out here talking about eating ass on a Sunday. and all here for it.
Thinking mode on..
I wanna know b.
You're so beautiful ILYSM.
IG: roses_are_rosie
That feeling when more & more subscribers subscribe to hour channel & enjoys the content that you put up Pls
Do you remember when you joined Twitter? I do! getting so old
Welcome to the twitter :)
Ahh can you DM some more dets? I have someone fixing it, it's still got a load of my
..
I just need to be still
Savior ko ang Lord eh
at the end of the day, sarili mo lang talaga yung meron ka
You too defensive.....you try to take heed to anything i say lol.
You've got a beautiful reflection (42 Photos)
Just home from my first shift, it went really well Just seen the Gers score too
Yes share it !
Is your jam? Add these to your playlists and tell a friend about us!
Great colour and the best spec, awaiting to see your car in the streets
Tu no es un hecho
no but she seems nice, definitely check her song out!
A3
B5
C1
D2
E4
Participating with a lot of hope
You'll fall 30-LOVE for these tennis girls (14 GIFs)
Oh fucking kay then
Thank you and wish you the same
happy sunday all
Your whore
...watching on not
Welcome back good to see your post again
It was so cool to see you this weekend You were humble and generous. Whenever you are heading home,
This is weak by your standards. You missed... "and children."
Hello! Ano po work niyo? SK Chairperson po ako I also work part-time as a brand ambassadress
As I round up on one year of game development, I'd like to share some thoughts and thank you's
These are the cause of my pimples
Thanks. But what about the weather in Calgary?
Follow my instagram nancyxgz
Thanks for coming last night guys I love y'all
Me
Awesome that you love the service, John! Have a spooktacular season!
Favourite holiday destination?
I feel so motivated and inspired Thank you Yixing bb
We're looking forward to finishing the weekend off in style with our lovely guests!
I need unrealeased photo of hanbin. HD pic please
Merci beaucoup
Got a new number
Domingo
Change your name to 5-2
Feliz
Thankyou for the support Nayy
sold out!!
nyahaha. aigooo. it started hmm, weeks ago, since we became official.
Birthday present Go Jags! TIAA Bank Field
It's almost December and your girlfriend's real boyfriend is coming back from abroad
You're most welcome and same to you have a nice fantastic day
Wish him a very happy birthday from me and thank you
Then you came in with the breeze on Sunday morning My mustard sweater is under $26 and
You can get one too
Please I'm a deaconess
welcome!
U never know, u may meet them one day
Philippines
ft Edward - Revolution never disappoints
Same to you
some high accolades.... and very cute too
shy shy shy
"It's okay if you don't like me, not everyone has a good taste."
Happy for you keep the positive vibes moving forward
Hesse sounds to my local dialect, but you might be right! Maybe Hessen = Hesse in English? Let me check...
gonna throw up
annoyed
hmu if you tryna go watch halloween later today bc my dumb ass bought an extra ticket
I just turned the radio on and Breathin was playing. They knew
I love your voice x
Coucou Chihiro et Mamie Sophie !
Wake and baked. Ate now about to nap and do homework
It was my birthday yesterday and my gf rocks
Vive, ama y se feliz.
Se trata de vivir & ser feliz.
De leve
In terms of meeting heroes, it get any higher than this for me
Please ignore my stupid smile, I was
Sksksksk you guys are so cute!! love to be friends with
About to make waffles with the waffle maker
Nw - Bharat The Great Leader (Bharat Ane Nenu)
++ dun sa nalate HAHAHAHA thank you den
Congratulations and ARMYs!
[10212018]
BTS pick up two awards including best international group
Good morning everybody happy Sunday. Thank God for seeing another day
Thanks girl
Thank you for sharing!
Thank you
Nah! Sath me ache lagte h dono
Great to see India in this list
What so insecure you have to laugh at people who funny to be part of the gang! I know right... spread the love
The right time
Brand new day to support this amazing Swiftie and her dreams.
One day you will meet
Lol. I have your time
Thanchu
Yeah
So glad you attended You looked so happy &
Stay connected
Thanks
I never plan on getting married, but both carts are very sweet!
Benched Wan bissaka
There's still time
Rizespor
Chivettes bored at work (30 Photos)
Best Scene sir &
Binlerce
I wish that more guys and girls were like him in the industry.
Thank you to whoever you are, who have been surprised because I already graduated.
Chairman! Thank you
It was great welcome enjoy rest of your Sunday!
join us today also
Recite & submit your Salawat as much as you can
But one
"Less is
Wow! It's fantastic!
Good one
4) Piercings? On both my earlobes!
Will share some as well. Hopefully it's more hits than misses.
Your songs are great
I made 200 followers
Thanks you so much
Happy Birthday My greatest leader "Kim Hanbin"
Did you see how many people love you ?
Good afternoon ta , my pleasure cheers chuck it's been fine how is yours xx
There is something for you I posted a few hours ago
happy birthday chubby cheeks
cute I hope it will not hurt
We have a beautiful sky and sunset in the next hour here enjoy your day
Well done. And I love your t-shirt.
I got Orly to watch Sailor Moon with me
Just a little face lift to the shop so no more white open as usual tomorrow for walk ins
Finna eat good asf my mom stay going crazy ina kitchen
This though
I love her ... Doesn't matter anything over it
Followback
Lazy
Pisces Venus & Scorpio Mars
A fave of course. Love, love the melody & the lyrics. My interpretation of a love story at it's end ..
Soon
^^
Mentioned not u didn't deserve to lose ur account its sad
Spread the word
To you and fine.
Trust yourself. survived a lot and you will survive whatever is coming.
va passer avec un sannnnndwiiiiiich
I have gone through my share of things. Pretty settled now. But I hope everyone gets the love they deserve
Super excited ako mag try out ng new and different things lalo na sa pagluluto
There it is
Enjoy cruise trip 6-days Full Board cruise from Catania, Italy just for (Italy, Malta, Spain, France)
Have fun! Say hi to Mickey for me!
Thank you
Nanits od: NANITS UNIVERSE LTD. I love it! Good job by Czech guys
I know if swinging interested in
Oooh yeah that would have been good I did love outfit at the end when talking to
ready for sum hair color. But my real hair so healthy black .. not fuckin with no color yet
Lord, if u wanted to take me. Take me. I was born ready
Dont have a bucketlist,
but I crossed out two
OMG SO GOOD! Yeah its Vodka Elderflower, lime, apple and basil. Its so good I am happy
Hallo
Ich habe noch ein Ticket 5 Seconds
Watching Dirty Dancing. Well, that Patrick Swayze..
Ion even think I can get mad no more
No Comment
Thank you so much and happy sunday, buddy !! Keep smiling always with a good vibes
Son1 maddens me with his young man weirdness but not so much that I bake him a birthday cake
relaxed ... anyway u coming to Atl next month canes fammmm hmmmm
It's definitely not
I will
True...
So we can't judge the
depth of feelings just by
calculating the length of time.
Thank you
Love it!
that's not entirely like that
Yay!
Oh yes
time get some tats
Last night owe me anything
put a smile on honesty is good for you
What a beautiful snap. And I can relate to the caption. Sometimes, we all need some time for ourselves
LA, California
Batter batter swing!!!! If u kno what i mean
Spotify and Apple Music
I understand. I am a graphic artist so I know the value you of input.
Sureness. Doing it now.
Thanks lovely I hope you have a great day tab!
You have quite possibly the best job on TV Every series you do is so beautifully filmed and at
What is this again?? Are we going back to Overdose era or what? Lol.. I'll just wait
Honey, you do what makes you happy! Life is too short!
Jaja Nes
They turned out okay...thank you!
Looking forward to a nice chilled Sunday evening including a roast, a few drinks, and photo editing
Would love to speak Xhosa someday. Such a beautiful language
Feel like being used by a majority of my friends
Thank u sir
It was lovely to finally meet
Oyuna geldik
Traditional Outdoor Games Etwinning Project
I will post my whereabouts on the d-day.
Thanks
Thank you
Absolutely Have a pleasant night and wake-up to a lovely new week ahead.
I can never use any type of face masks because my skin is so sensitive. Thank God for smooth skin without any masks
You're welcome
ayueeee!!!! support na support mami. Thank you!!!
God God God
He is still the Lord
b back Wednesday
Thank you!!!
Hi. Thank you so much for getting involved and making a difference
That's what I thought!
good night miss thanks for making a lot of people happy for this day. you truly are a blessing.
Only time will tell, let's see looking forward
In hindsight that bloke with the P45 was ahead of his time
& Oily Robbins
...for a good cup of tea!! I agree
Good show tonight, have a nice time in HK, Dong Hyun and Young Min
heard good things
Boleh alright dm it to you
Nooo! Starting this week!
Unexpected, but I'm happy. Finally hehe
Of course
Nope
Let go and let God. Always
bought the palette and I even convinced the Clinique lady st iota to get it too wait
Lol.. I agree. One of my favorites.
Always
Los Angeles I think
i wonder who gone send me a dollar first
the irony being I've been for a walk in the valley/village 3 times since 2011!
Thank yooouuuuu! Your comments are always so nice and appreciated!
Yes I will, thanks
Last night was amazing! thank you for the surprise i love you
Does Claire have a big wardrobe this season? Claire looks great in red, so do you!!
More than enough for a memorable birthday
shot w/ ahl john, curtyy, aub
Bisa dipahami.
They really do
One more client. Then chilling the rest of my Sunday
Ml player din pala si Admin
Thank you very much, but I'm happy with my weight
happy birthday!!!
Small men everywhere who see anything other than their family.
Sorry. thanks be back on Monday at the usual times.
It's about tweeting song lyrics or somethin
Done playing ONE DAY LEAGUE (volleyball)
Natalo man pero ang importante nagka experience hihihihi.
Bawictayo next tine team ADORABLE
University ki aik larki nay mujhe harass kia hai. CJP please notice lain
Favourite holiday destination?
Cuanta beleza
My choice is favourite
How was apple picking?
I'm glad they included yixing in the teaser and i'm glad they wait until yixing release his album and waited
I love your drawing-style It is adorable
I Guess Y'all Don't Want No Money Through CashApp This Sunday!! Feeling Extra Generous Right Now
Thank you!
Happy Sunday to you too
Ou
Just seen WWE doing a angle where Becky attacked Charlotte at the pc lecture
Love it
I know what I wanna get Canute for his birthday.
make tie and fair
thanks my dude
Welcome
Stay blessed
Feeling the love today, my friends. Happy Sunday to you. celebrating friendship
Thanks, Jonathan.
Send them a tweet - that's what I did
Peter Pan baby shower cake! All characters were free handed on this one as well
Aye but we wouldn't want him sacked.. We'd want maintenance and shit
These just so cute we miss you roses_are_rosie
Definitely
Life is too short to spend time with people who suck the happiness out of you.
So always be happy
boleh mintk no tak utk tanya further question for this homestay, thanks
Salamat, Anj!!
aweee i will
First tweet... 9-29-78 a King was born.. smile.. blessed to open my eyes and given another
okay with this.
Had the loveliest walk around Castle Combe with some of my favourite people A perfect autumnal day!
Wishing you a happiest birthday Leader-nim The man of your words Be happy always
Gone flood the TL with pictures from yesterday
Sunday chills
Yeah I knew what you meant I think yours is great. xx
Keep your risky text energy, somebody gon match it one day
This girl stole my heart
keep smiling
Aw uwu thanks
I must not be no, once home I will have to have a look at it, thank you
Oh tom. Yes a possibility Lyn. What time is it
Been my mood lately
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BEST FRIEND NINA I love you the most
On the cards
Para tener un mejor planeta
I know . Look after yourself and enjoy the snore fest .
Thanks xx
Hopefully it will get sorted tomorrow. Thank you
Hello half term Sunday... Lasagne sauce simmering for the next 2 hours so time for a cuppa
When I see these pictures I get a smile on my face
Fair today
Me ? Thank you Hayley
Good evening, friends
Thank you so much
in for a treat! Lemme know if you like it
Yanga giving me goosebumps
You to
Asthana has many friends and foes in Kolkata
show you mine
I was massaging his head
Yay! I can't think of very many other Bi characters in games, feels nice to be represented
Country playlist this AM
I think that might have been something said, not me. (Editorially, I'd accept flaunt;
Hi Joshua &
Goodmornight
look like been having so much fun Like up to something
Thank you! My birthday was yesterday
You are my baby
My headache
My love
My smile
My frown
My wrong
My right
My
He should be very proud too!! Brilliant performance!! He deserves to
Interesting way to make use of what is available. Bring the gym with you.
Happy Sunday
Aw good
Fun is ALWAYS good. Glad you had a good time.
Hey Auntie, do you remember I think we should stage some to counter trumps hate rallies.
Ur maam 's beauty and her smile is like a heaven . Our Maam is most beautiful than other
Maybe small things,but such nice to do Enjoy Ian
a really good person
Coldplay songs
I requested The Scientist
Happy birthday bb!!!
Psalms 20:4. Know that you always have my support. Thanks for everything. Enjoy your
before work
No problem your cosplay is amazing
You Enjoy Your Self Girl. Have a Good Non - Euphemisms. Got To Have a Hoppy.
New (1:800)
eKoi 12 PC Bulk Gift Mini Cute Succulent Cactus Bloom Tealight Candle for Home
Would you consider having a concert in Cape Town, South Africa in 2019?
Apa Next season BBT winner nu sollalaam
Just a little something on this fine Sunday morning
Besides, throwing oatmeal in the microwave saves me from washing lots of dishes later.
I can talk to you for minutes
EXpressIon queen
Captured every smile
Thank you so much Libbie, have a wonderful time in Jamaica. I hope you enjoy it
What a superb sunny Sunday in Flatford!
Flatford Mill,
My one and only you.
Thank you for your shared wisdom and enlightening tweets. Kindly follow back sir
YES FOLKS. HE SANG A SONG WHERE HE REPEATEDLY SAID "SON OF A BITCH."
He loves us.
Thanks,
thank you to everyone who came out last night, the party was so successful & if you called the cops stay mad with ya mad ass
Just catching up with tennis results, so happy for everyone who won today incredible for Tsisipas and Edmund
Off out for a bit
just taught my first half hour yoga class and they said i did amazing
Great advice any day of the week.
So the games is, play the puzzle and knew the clue.
ifb
Iga shuru chey " Thought u would always been mine mine ," for your beiber
Pour toi
Hey I got that shirt too
Excited kos WEDNESDAY
wait for the f1...
Sunday = brunch time Dreaming back to the leftovers of my tofu, butternut, and apple hash, served over toast. I
Queen for a reason
I know you now
Prueba de sonido or sound check in Pantheon Theatre in Bonn!!! Very happy with samymielgo !
Looks lovely! Well done you. Enjoy!
Happy birthday Hope you're doing good bud
May b big man thinks otherwise.
Thank you! I am quite good now and stuff!
When ur hiding on a blanket to stay warm and ur cat makes her way in to cuddle you
hey boys did you know that um... HEY YOU'RE SUCH A PRETTY BOY p-r-e double-t-y
Yeah..a perfect skin is the goal
De ontem
Goodmorning everyone
I'm down!
Nayss
Thank you dear Katia Stef. for your photos!!! Hope you enjoy your special order!!!
Glad to help
ive been there, nag self pity din ako and it doesnt help. lol quit doing that bullshit.
wait
How was the grandma?
Aww thank you
Lifting heavy helps me too.
Just my smile to brighten your day. Happy Sunday.
Thank you
Rtxrt?
A big congratulations to both of you
McDonalds: Jmully512 Aw, Annie is the best ever, Jack!
Sexy Mc Sexerton is hotty with a body
You glow differently when happy
CoverMyMeds is looking for a iOS Developer at CoverMyMeds (Columbus, OH) (allows remote)
Laid back sunday vibes here at Lounge
New art by Anika Roach make sure to pop in next week to check it out,
Wala po
Para ti
Half term reading Thank you for recommendation
probably yes.
Omg! Happy Belated Birthday! What did you do?
Ne ne. Alles gut
No names shall be mentioned.
It was great to see you both.
Shame we get the win to make it an even better day.
good morning
So you can keep me
Last night was way over due and very much needed
Haha see you all tomorrow
Seval bak neredeyiz
Yeah my outlook as well and seeing you this morning warmed my heart
Thanks
This feels very relevant to what I went through this week. Thanks for explaining it so well
buldum
come with me? bc miss you too
Slowly
Advice-see a dermatologist once a year for a baseline of your skin. I wish I had done this when I was younger.
Thanks Squid you always make me laugh like no other!! Thankful for your goofy self
Hello, Gill! And thank you Having a lovely day here with family xx
I miss the baby train which used to pass the road near the CM's residence.
I wish
Happy Sunday from
closer film
Charmed my way out of getting a Fine
Thank u so much bro
It's okay dear Everyone has their own opinions.
Thank you
okaythe blocked really surprised me how these people
Indeed, it is
Luckily I had a nice cupcake when I got home to top it off
Poor Raffa, tell that woman to turn that off ! I see Meadow the Unibrow protecting you.
Mi foto Historietas de Webcam Toy
It really does.
Yeah!! Just like Kirby at
Awww thank you
Makruuu hehehe lets D!
Replace sight with 'notification' and that spark fashions itself into a storm of happiness
Lol..i decided to take my chances before you come and slay me with your fringed curls
This is for the best
Yo sigue me a mi
Te amo soy tu fan
Xf sigueme
Of course man, anytime
Congratulations!!like her sister!!!
always loved fashion & aesthetics. wait to start my new project
waahh my baby is home thanks also kay ate and kuya na naghatid more power to you po
Hatte schon, danke!
Seeing the smiles on these boys faces after a brilliant 3 games in the semi finals of the cup
Thank you
I actually hope it even that long, Ed...
They mad, make em madder
happy birthday!
Klingt ja verlockend
Thank you, Heather!
Thankss
Speaking of food having Chinese for tea and so bloody excited
Miss you more be up there next weekend
Ah bless .... does that mean Bobby is settling down a bit or is it too soon to say
Thanks very much for the lovely write-up!
3 holidays in 3 weeks, do I think a jetsetter?? Click the link to find out where the first holiday was
Sayang dimples natin sge haha
Fantastic
Homescick ? Lovesick ? Sick of all those pills ?
Try this easy remedy
Good for body, mind
Keepin it fit & fine
Goodnight
I feel the same way.
I almost chocked on a big chicken bone today but my deep throating skills came to my rescue
Thanx Hunty
I really need that of you
So for desert at steakhouse i have pizza yummy
Using a whole tin of duraglit copper polish to get that bath that shiny I bet
LOL if u stay away from the fans, be fine, the good
I want to hug someone. With my legs wrapped around them
Beautiful community farmers market here in Paulo!!
I like his rhyming though
Excited? It will make you smile our book review Subtle Art of not giving a the be
Its good to be Bad
Collect money for someone not for me at all Indeed
Thankyou so much Jheel
excited about the future
Vanesse va bien ?
We are too great photo!
RT adite: Thank you and wish you the same
They do because they know how it feels to make someone feel special
No problem at all ^Roxzahn
Live In what ever makes you happy
Let's hear yours
cool! Just wanted to make he has a home
Good night
Please Vote for Jaemin on STARPASS
omg can you dm this picture to me? pleaseeee its cute
You told me joe hart was better
Thank you so much
Hope you had an amazing birthday how was the cake?
Yes, I have.
Excellent. Lets hope good weather
I'm at
Lovely
Might do this now I'm fully in the fandom
so sweet!! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!!!
hi tom and harperenjoy yr sunday...walking the dog
looking good Tam! that skin and I know it's only a wip but those teeth too!
Eish! Those are problems but good ones hehe. Will check it out soonest! Thanks
Thank you this was awesome
I keep seeing you on my Pinterest for this Target ad and it makes me so happy
Happiest been in such a long time
I'm happy for you and Sophia. I Love You both. you're my brother and she's my sister in law.... Thank you
Was* but came to realization that everything happens for a reason
Lets take this moment to remember that now has more subscribers than and this
Its okay Im gone stay by my terms; do good to everyone eventho they do bad to you.
Coz life is too short as what your pic says
Thank you very much and very happy about it as well! It was a fun challenge to work on, learned so much!
Happy bday to our boy numayeii This week was his birthday Queremos desearle un muy feliz
grabe unexpected to.. thankyou ememmm sobraaaa
thank you!
Thank you dear Katia Stef. for your photos!!! Hope you enjoy your special order!!!
Thank you, I appreciate it! been on my mind more recently. Gonna schedule that appointment
Pumpkaboo is an ok pokemon,but Zoura is the true halloween cutie
thanks bebehhh
In God's perfect time God bless you!!
Thank you, pub queen!!
Only if I could see you 1 more time but God make mistakes at all so fly high mama dukes see u
Thanks so much!
hi, please can you tell me what time the motorway is shutting from Rochdale to Warrington west tonight? TIA
Call me kiddo cause this what my panties gone always say unless I get plus sized then they gonna say
Thanks to Allah
they're all so cute, i'll be v excited when i can finally buy mine!! good luck with sales
Nnnnaaah lol. I only put lotion on the visible parts woke. Hahaha Wild trash in the light.
Spas
Fingers crossed! No matter which console you'll choose, I'll buy it on release date
Oh i guess this is not a social experiment. Right ?!
If only it was that simple
dias! Breakfast is served!
Most of our customers say our Sunday menu is their favorite... so if you
Oh, that tweet was 426 days ago?
Rest assured, it take another 426 days.
This time for sure
Hi, really excited to see The Witch in the Window. Will it become available on dvd?
Sunday actually
I agree, it's definitely one of my faves x
yukitheswiftie
Thank you! I took some medicine. I'll take a short nap and return
Late night calls is really the best
I hate him, too, & never even owned a farm
My pleasure Edo
goodluck mamsh! fightinggg poo!
208
Me da un poco de corte but... //throws her girl anyway//
Felicidades btw
Bumped into my professor from 20 yrs back at and now having lunch with her ! So much catch up
Seeing your smile is more refreshing than drinking cola
You make Stray Kids stay.
Thank you Stay
Amo tus historias, gracias
Try it and let me know
congratulations I wish you both the very best of everything
Spotify Curiosity
and are found in the K-Pop X-Overs PlayList.
Aww maybe soon
Ah shit. Good question.
I know. At the time, i just clamped my eyes shut and did what my dad told me to do
Mi associo
Sudarshan kriya & Sahaj samadhi meditation taught at the Art of living is my stress buster
Looking good Pat as always
Looks perfect, thanks
hola
Gn guys
Oh I see!
Thank you. It meant as in asking for actual feedback, but rather wondering
Love is a beautiful thing man
Latino version
Can you stop posting please. Thanks
SALE today 20% off link in bio...
.
so I have 3 of these dresses & I wear them. A lot. been getting more
je dirai
Thanks, it's a good public service
say my guy is having a good day!
Here til 4 come see your favorite big head try an alcoholic frappe, or just enjoy a top notch, never frozen
Done. May the lucky person win
Happy Sunday chad had to buy a new phone
Will miss it! Good luck with all of your schooling
I love when people lie and back stab you behind your back. such a good feeling
Back to work tomorrow the only place i get to stop thinking and just concentrate on work
Thanks guys
Found my ID
Thank you, very interesting. Pleased my tiny garden is attracting such variety.
This is beautiful
They keep ravens at the Tower so probably why
Cozy kotathu
xxxxx
Yeah
Evies homework counting in 2s ,5s and 10s
MonaCoin $MONA price: $1.16
We verified that Binance is accepting new users!
Three-year-old leaf mould is raked in and the earth is ready for garlic
Congrats sir. Pls kindly follow back. Thanks!
Latino Version
Well done, James! Hope everyone made it to the finish line ok, and won't be too sore tomorrow...
Thank you
Aww thank you
After that bomb bomb my man brings these over
Good night I Love u
And you have terrible taste in music, enough said
ThisVeryMoment
feeling the cold weather to come
Everywhere you go, take a smile with you.
Beef rice
Get well soon Doctor
One of my comfort films
hi baby how are u. Happy Sunday hun hope u having a fab day u look so beautiful and gorgeous just
and my suitcase is in my mums car
Thank you for this
so fking tired, yet had a happy ending. congrats to us for our successful event.
Well always tomorrow. Sorry do dms
Ty
Oh I thought you live in SA. Sorry dear.
Hi! I totally understand what you're going through at this moment. Believe it or not I've
There are 25 review petitions pending. Looks like the mood of the Hindus had finally spurred politicians to take credit
a huge achievement!! Well done!!!!
going on Tuesday wait to see it
Thanks dude. Means a lot
worry already let it sink, gonna make every win so much more better over the coming weeks
Great to find a good amount of fly Agaric mushrooms (AMANITA MUSCARIA) in Herefordshire today
Hello take care! Goodnight..
|
Stop playing with me! But ya
When a "man" behaves like a hoe... He has to dress like one
Please follow back Dr!
Happiest Birthday! Jeric
Only a few gleams of sunshine today, but sometimes all you need.
I will treat you then. Word.
thx U for following me say
Naji thank you
Now mind your business
Ou
Never Run Out of Content to Share: 70+ Places to Curate Great Content
Hehe thank you
A police officer/DEA currently three semesters away from making that happen
Same for me Kay
As long as the duck comes with you.
That is so sweet, you do as well Andy! And thanks
I'm finally home
Happiness is being with you even if I have moquitos
Pa-mention naman si tatay oh
Mutluluk nedir bilir misiniz?
Come see me at work
Good thing is everyone is feeling the pain which means even if the country performs everyone will enjoy mapabata kaaaa
molt apuesta foto
Hiiiii! Batch ko si Bea. I resigned May 2017.
ok
Things are clear now no more bewildered thoughts
And just like that validated for the rest of the day.
are too cute Have fun today
The important question is which one you love more
speak your mind kids... after all these years my middle school crush also liked me too... now getting married bye
That should save a bit of money. Not going to Fisher & Donaldson.
Looking on the bright side.
You are very kind! Thank you
My sons used to say that when they were small
Yes. But definitely not the final straw
Virat flicked a lot today.
Reason: He played the last game in Hyderabad.
aaahh damn I got punching bag
I love when people randomly check on me
And in turn you must bless others
K
.
T A K P
Herkese
you know got room for you my man
I appreciate that retweet :D
Oooo alsooo just a heads
I love Alex's laughter
Jo, me alegro mucho.
Gracias a ti!!!
ayo pergi bersamaku > on
That's cool bud
Guten
Just submitted mine. Loved the book
That word was for me
"And all will be alright, in time"
Yw
That's a beautiful shot, Hossan. Thank you for sharing!
Looking forward to hearing all about it!!!
Thanks pimp!
Just made a video for Jo Yuri in my fan account in ig please check it and also
Gander
Now, i can just only pray.
Thank you so much for the opportunity to win this lovely prize
Your tits are falling out ma'am
Me too!
Italy
Thank you, Ian! As for the photo, love it and them xx
ps I do have
Good afternoon Dearie! baseboard day today
I hope you slept well and had fun with the horses
I will always be with you
You all looked great out there today you guys are SO ready for the LA ride
I like
No the cutest
You just used the Islamic word (Inna lillahi) in a manner that is not supposed to be used ... Just for next time
inom ka water ate tas wag ka lang masyado mag-overthink if it has something to do w ur emotions
Every morning this face look at me And all day I'm very happy and have a good mood Thanks JIMIN
Funny baby video
Oof
That
Was
Once
In
A
While
Thing
Thanks for your support
Lightened up my day.
For you, yes, you, who's reading this right now I pray for you to always be positive with life, be happy more
Let me help your fat tits sell themselves
Thanks
Wow, one talented lady. Wish I could make it rain
I'm so proud of you Rain
When you start loving your life,life starts living you
Sunday chilling time
Trop mignon
may your wish be fulfilled...
Thank you for being so generous in your time
Do you remember a quote that has affected you
I do it all the time.
Without the penalties it could've been Hamilton getting the last gasp goal
Incondicional! un grande
legit supermarket right across the street? with fresh grind peanut butter? yes please and thank you
This is interesting
Good evening night everybody
I've been out for lunch and now just chilling you?
On our way to adopt her brother
My Prosecco has absinthe in it
Its 12:43pm and becky with the obnoxious behaviour is throwing a tantrum in chipotle because they "dont have voss water" merica
Quality, not quantity
The well-dressed man is he whose clothes you never notice. -
4 years
Hey Paris
Hi Mom
God is really creative. I mean, just look at me
Swimwear // yashikalane
Jugando el torneo
Thanks for the follow
Congrats on gold 3 matt Hopefully you're rewards are going to be amazing!!!
Hello
I am Wafae (or Ety) and of course I'd want to live in Ivalice, the world of videogames like
My pleasure
Amazing Wedding right off the beautiful San Diego Port spent w lots of family.
My birthday is 7 days away and i have zero plans
There is no feeling in the world quite like finding someone that you can really connect with
Great wolf lodge today
207
Honoured to meet a real life Goddess
That's brave Lisa...hope people are kind
I love it the message of your song motivates me more thank you for working hard and efforts
I had a great weekend away from everyone
Thanks
You are so welcome
Joa, ne?
Won spin and win
Thank you rather pleased with it.
wait wait
Thank you, but I believe I'm the luckier one for having him
You too
Thank you Allan
It does, and we will most likely share this Arctic blast with our EU friends and neighbours
Ohh I never had a pic from you just makes me question what's real anymore
Thank you guys for your comments.
I'm glad you like my edits
We dream of traveling to France one day! Thanks for the advice!
Thank you
Binance gives free money with airdrops!
Click here:
$BTC $ETH $XRP $XLM $NEO
Te Amo Madre
8 lbs. 0 ozs and 20 inches.
Rang, yes
But also ANATHan
Loosely reads as Colourless, doesn't it
Elhamdulillah
Thank you, Sweet Sarah. wanna be all braggy but they are delicious. That
Cardano $ADA price: $0.076591
Binance has stop loss feature to help protect your assets!
ta inspirada hj kkkk vlw roxinhos!
I've not been doing enough self care tbh so trying to fix that from now on. Thank you
I love your comic, it made me and my little boy laugh lots, thank u for sharing this with us
You're welcome
vegan kipnuggets maken
Me too, Buddy. Auto correct bites us all!
Likewise.... I am your fan...
Great pic
I respond I just report & delete not wasting my time on these idiots! Hey I bbl my hubby is hungry bbl ttyl
Have a safe trip back home
Oooh exciting! Yeah, am sure when there be okay Good luck and enjoy to you too xx
bcs we want you to spend your night in minju's room
Telling isn't it?
Me
Thank you Capture, you are the best and I always want you around, no matter what
That time you are so beautiful
Our knights are getting ready to face the week and they send you courage
Can't wait, Allo Allo is one of my all time favourite comedies
The Batchmates
What a way to end the
Blue skies, dry(ish) trails, good company, food and a few beers. A
Thanks so much for playing, enjoy your Sunday
Why can't we all settle down and forgive ourselves? Haha so immature of you.
cool. I understand...the invitation remains open
I suggest you all read this :) this quite interesting and msyterious
"No One Will Know (COMPLETED)" on
Thato is actually a star bathong!
Winner or not he must continue singing
Meatloaf, cornbread, greens, and corn
Dear friend, with people like you on my side only the sky, no, the moon, is the limit equally excited for
Aaaaah Soooo delighted to hear that! xx
It's all about u. [12/10/17]
Hi welcome
Hi ate hannah thanks for the concern! I am actually planning to, kaya lang may ginamit muna ako
I doubt we will. I see many a lovely night out on the cards.
Oh, didn't know
You're good enough
Ah yes... We set the clocks back next weekend too Are you going to do something different next weekend?
go wrong with a Cancer woman... we perfect all around just be in our feelings a Lil
Aden set an alarm today, on our day off (ON A SUNDAY), so he could get up and play on FIFA. Boyfriend free to good home x
wow, thank you so much for your follow!
Because it's a mans duty to love a woman & a woman's duty is to respect and submit to her man
thank you so much that photo is worth a thousand words
Well well well..very nice.
This should be good.
I'll be following this for sure.
Profiterol efsanedir. Ellerime
Cool! No problem I have been reading how twitter does crappy stuff. One morning, I tried to follow
yeah ofc !!!
Watching Walt Disney World vlogs and feeling homesick. 300 days to go til I'm back in the magic.
He said thanks
Schedule food deliveries when they're convenient for you! Enjoy 30% off your order with this
On a brighter note my crickets are breeding.
Can't wait to see Ayra kill Cersi
Thank u so much
56 Privacy
That's so nice! Thanks for tagging me!
Oh really?
it was needed lol i feel like you got some great advice!
*BuryTories*
Random drawing of Jungkook I drew this while I was on train.
But still a bunny at heart
Sweet dreams
Ried-Rehe
Today has been a baking day Salted caramel, chocolate orange, and double chocolate cup cakes. The best
Its Jackie Rosen and she's running against Dean Heller. She is
just another Pulosi and Schumer.
im anon from spc. unta magka friends ta haha Hello anon! Uy SPCian hehe sure!
How cute are these kittin grace out for xmas
Happy birthday Hanbin-sshi Thank you for all the things you've done,for all the sleepless nights and all the
This is Gombe, if you don't know
Thank You
I would never tell
Take as long as a break as you want.
from California, so ya I rugged up and am still cold
Thanks for passing this along to me; appreciate it!
your
Oh. I thought it's new.
Followed tswifft13
Lovely
Thank you for your order!
Cushion order acceptance is until today at 23:59.
You know where I am! Just give me a shout
Calling all Chewies. This is definitely gonna be included in Jihyo Photobook 2 at Once Halloween.
Thanks Alison, very happy with that
See as person pikin fine Up the Arsenal
The Sexy Stars
we r wining enjoy bro. thats what matters
Very springy
ko target koi faida nahi go home soon
This was a great night
Surprise! a big sister again at the age of 23 I love you Declan! going to do amazing things, little
I could do with a full body massage by
After a day with my meditation pack, heading back to Brighton, enjoying the sunset and feel blessed.
Happy birthday to u
Only 1 tbsp of maple syrup is SO cheating but OH so good
Explore Kensington day!! Come by and see us! Too windy for the tent- but making it work
.
.
.
Happy anniversary CrysDale! Or should it be Dystal? All celeb couples have a combo-name
Good to know
thank you
Just stop it! No more for you. LOL . He is adorable. I love the smell of a new baby. Congrats to mom and dad.
Challenges for me to face are chai & biryani lost interest in politics now especially after
Aw thank you
Marin HONDA 4th after SP
Created in collaboration with
Best of luck for the FP
Me too! And even fairly local
EVENT
Okay, i'm just having a lil bit of fun
Another one for the wall thanks Kim
Boa tarde
Oi
You're awesome dude, thanks a lot
Thank you
Omg stop it's nothing sjxbsixbsjx I had to share the minjoon content on all cost bro
Whitby
centro w/ tita
And it was the display na lang when I got there! aaaah Hope you'll get yours on his next con!
I agree, he is totally unbiased, too bad they aren't all like him
I understand that. I equally love and hate being antisocial
Oh yes, I will. Pour it on some nice roast beef please
Silly Paulo pictures with &
Let's hit it up with Souls and Caliburs!
Merci beaucoup !!!
I always feel so happy after organizing a bit!
Saw even Mahapurush SS doing a volte face from CRPF to dialogue and middle path
Politicians are
Great day at Sam's wedding
Hey man, you do you. I'm sorry if you confuse equality for repercussions. Cheers!
It's fair.
Just know you have followers that don't mind seeing desperate mediocrity called out.
I am could take it off to enjoy your wine
Followed tswifft13
Thanks
Thank you so much for the opportunity to win this lovely prize
Brgy. Tulang, Magsaysay, Misamis Oriental
I agree, only Nordic items to see here, no pesky moths to speak of
Stellar Sunday film selection on the telly today yknow; Clueless/Ferris Bueller/Casper/Goonies/Home Alone... made up the shite
Happy Sunday
I make artisan candles in small batches from my home in
Made from
Un domingo y algo de sabor popular con
gone be Daiquiris and Saints game
I love it! It's a lot of fun, and that's what they are meant to be!
Me, with telkom
Oh, now I just found out why you are OH SO HAPPY that day. Iba nga naman pag nakatabi mo si crush. Hehe.
Best wishes to Team India against Japan. India hockey team at its best!
I'm good too
I feel like a day at the beach is needed today
It's a web series
Congratulations! And sorry ypu didnt get it filmed but thst is really awesome that you you won an award.
NW: High School Musical Season 1
Shoutout to for being a clicky app where as twitter and insta are scrolly and make my thumb hurt
Now only question remains, has that turd decent following so he can pump my $ENG bags?!
Hi, His name is Johnny
I see Karl came to visit you!
Hope your won't run out of sub soon , because I intend on disturbing you
mummy ne bhi yahe kaha aur kaha kya ek he colour ke jeans phnte ho is bar thoda alag colour ka le diya unho ne
I like your reason
On commence un jour
Gracias
Happy belated birthday farahhhh
Goo refaire un Black-out
Thats fine thanks for letting me know
Thanks Thatho for keeping it local is leker
SnR shopping with my good friend Ron S&R Fort BGC 32nd St. 5th Ave
Done follow
Then short
Thank you for the quality pins! See you again at another Con I hope
Definitely Next Time But Anyway , I Hope You Enjoyed Your Birthday
Classes this coming week
You should totally live stream on Twitch
They have a "just chatting" section and I follow people
Enjoy! Watching it tomorrow
Thanks for your love
Nagpangita din sa wakas. !
Slamat guys!
is a podcast talking about travel in a really interesting way. Maybe check them out
When you available I need your fuck up special
I did. Because it was a championship win. Worth the walk.
thanks to you sir for believe on me !
Yes! Just
You'll be fine asap!
Cant wait.Happy TWD Day E'body
Hi Luke. in my bio. Jennifer at jenniferearle dot com
I think has had a today
Ahh Lakz, thanks
I think I'm getting over it now
"useful idiot"
Und den
I looked into it before buying!
Si te vimos bailar otra vez
Yes why not, we all members of Team Sar-e-Aam are like a family.
Stay blessed
Happy Birthday
Yes home
Good for you! I am sure you found it really interesting and I hope you found it so too...well done for doing it
This warms my heart every time
Poofy hair is kawaii
Follow my boy
mccafe and deep talks
Imagine
checking his selfies moi
Thanks
Exactly
Hopefully one day we will think of something interesting to ask
I knew that Boyfriend of the year award was mine
Fuck with Me at
naughty porn rusty trombone tentacle hentai turkish
But I wanted to be more then a friend with u
hora del Cafe con hotcake proteinico y sin harina
Anyways asking because really curious about it, nothing personal
Go follow me on Instagram (my username is kayswiftie3) and I ALWAYS follow back!
Giving thanks a little early today before work at The Crossing Church
TY
Hope you had a nice Sunday, have a pleasant night and awesome new week ahead.
Booker needs to answer for his restroom escapades in a public forum.
Its her first single off her album
It's ok.. just be happie
Sunday dinner is ready and we are all snuggled up
Good night chote
No justifications needed darrlin i would buy it
No but really we can! We use to ALL THE TIME! Maybe we can catch a movie and have dinner
Thank you
Dey must haff been Iz fink all our pals OTRB were sayin Arooo to us
Hit me Tuesday get you together
Yeah good thanks
HAPPY BIRTHDAAAY TO MY BESHYYY LOTY thanks for everything
We're so glad to hear that, Bob! She looks fabulous!
Thank you we gotta put in the mileage.
| Well, that's good to hear.
The best way to clear jet lag. Long sundays walks with the boy
I hope its a good story!
In my cosy pyjamas watching perfect Sunday afternoon film
Have been being creative this afternoon.
Hope you are also one of the Dems who will and vote for the country and that is voting RED
I have no clue how I ever did streaming without the StreamDeck! It's literally the best thing ever
very lucky so much close by
Homecoming was a success though
Thanks for tonight
for some.. It's a beautiful day for football. Hopefully they turn it around!
I'd finish one book and then start the new one, to prevent endless pile-up
Hmmmmm am not going to end up doing that though , not like I womanize is ooh.
Hi, His name is Johnny
Thank you
Get off your first and pay just
Click this link to sign up and find out more
Absolutely brilliant, so much detail too
Feeling insecure in a relationship is a sign of true love don't blame your partner just be happy and hold on tight to them forever
I can read and write Spanish fluently
demar bought me a xs max
Home
Lovely blue sky over the Irish state this evening too
scorpio
Excited
Chor do tharkiyon ko jeeny do unhy Bechary imagine kr kr ky thak gye tbHi Tumhari tweet py NH aye
Evening Drive
If you want new followers
From Nigeria and all over
Follow me
Retweet this, Reply IFB
Can't wait
Thank you
Just think of it as sweaty deck-building mechanics
The Jamisphere is going on its Chicago leg of the tour
belated Birthday wishes..
So proud of you You and the ones you love deserve it
many many congratulations boss for
completing milestone 32k followers may u have many many more
I know that FEELING BB... but don't shut it down .. Cuz things will get smoother..
Have patience
Thank you so much
Feel free my dude, its a honor
Bilhan nyo ko neto
I have very little respect for most people on this app
Cheers pal
I love RJD Thank you , my friend.
little flower girl was so cute, she knew exactly what style she wanted x
Lonzo starting tho
Yes, you changed But not for the better.
The moon changed my mood
Because other who don't have shoes, get opportunity to wear them
It's okay
I think you look amazing!
Yow
A soda sounds so good rn...but nope Ian gone do it.
Thank you lovely, made a note of all of them
Same here
Winning percentage in virat captaincy is higher than ur dhobi only now
Goodnight. God bless
So Cute...
Ofcourse , we all members of Team Sar-e-Aam are like a family.
Stay blessed
If you're happy to give your address to a weirdo off the Internet
makes sense with French
Right mam but is playing good
Binance gives free money with airdrops!
Click here:
$BTC $ETH $XRP $XLM $NEO
thanks!
Ok monday is $$ so free after work at 5
You too!
God really loves me
Thanks, Sarah So far, so fab. And ongoing. Just bracing myself for chocolate cake! xx
Yaaasss!
its a waiting game at this point, but ik what im finna do
eBook Special 99c A Hundred Hands Women's Fiction
My latest creation - mirror and keyring in one womaninbiz
nha
Goodnight
Trop bon trop con comme on dit
It always warms my heart when Chance wants me to pick out one of his lineups for draft kings
It's ok I love the pineapple but I'm not in the
SAI SAI is SAI SAI !
We had great time in Tokyo
Thank you so much
December. Home stretch...revised my will and everything just in case.
And I meant Great grandma
Thank you as Killiary would say be civil to you libtards.
Ever have that one person you just can't wait until they respond back
check it out
Tune in to tonight to hear to some fantastic tunes! Thanks Dan ya legend!
The Weightlifting Fairy, Kim Bok-joo!! Literally the best kdrama seen in a while
206
i cant wait for rm's playlist
9lb 7oz. It doesn't matter to me as long as my birthday twin is healthy
put me in a good mood already
You like two of the best things! Dr. Who and The Muppets. Couple of the most lovely fandoms to be a part of
Thank u so much. The weekend has been great, hope yours was too. Take care
Hubby's Christmas socks this year are made from the remnants of previous socks. I quite like it!
paabot nlang sa oras para out nahh
Happy Sunday day, you horny fuckers
Check out
Don't need you firing off reckless brunch tweets
Vincent in het Beatrix theater.
Voorstelling: Mamma Mia!
Thank you she has the grasso genes but she also looks like her beautiful mom. gonna be
Roses make me so happy
Based on my history I really don't trust myself to choose or accept a relationship right now. I'll wait till I'm whole! He'll be waiting
Thank you so much
No prob I knew it was a mistake , plz feel bad ...Your English is actually very good
. My very own slide from David . Thank you
*Sniffs and wipes away tears*. Thank you Your Royal Highness.
Pendulum Health clinic is a High Street family practice. We look after all types of patients, old and young.
Hi, His name is Johnny
Unspoken Utterance is continuing its journey via Review
missing the days I had enough time
Hello! Thank you, it's good to be back
Very good good night
Me: Go to Sleep please
Yesung :
It's nice that you are friends with your ex
yelling songs in my car alone helps relieve my anxiety
Went for a walk this afternoon along the Severn from Lydney. So lucky to live in Gloucestershire
slept at gf house last night
wait
Begin to plant yiurself on the right atmosphere. Dapat tama.
Sounds like a great way to celebrate, Sarah! We're looking forward to seeing you.
U most welcome sohni
Noo she's alive! The owner's family posted that rescuers got her this morning. She's ok
We just don't need this reminder. PSA grant denied, an easy Sunday morning is just what we all need.
Just sayin'
Hola
Hahaha ! Hope too and wish you Same for me. 10 years for mine (have just one)
Hola
I'm game. all I ever hear about is engines, dirt bikes, carburetors, tires
Shit goes well, thank you
I am moving back to Canada in a few days, and starting my first
Thank you!
Thank you
Happy 10 years, enjoy your cake, you deserve it. I bet your dad is so proud
Awhh thanks, you sweetheart
Tailgating fun The Adler Planetarium
just a thought
Gorgeous boys . It was a beautiful day here in Dorset today ... like a summers day
The Glory of God is shinning on you..
Not only the food.
It was never meant for you
Looks like an eruption, but it may be the result of surgery?
Lots of fun thanks Cat
I am bingeing that next!
Happy birthday pamangkin Andrew Clee
Second one THANK YOU
actually in the mood to get dressed up today. But then again my friends are up and never have time for me so
Demand what you deserve right
Milan is not red or blue... Milan is Italian city!
Begin to plant yourself in the right atmosphere. Dapat tama!
Effective tita?
Makeup anxiety gets the best of you
Yeppers that was me
The advice is trust no one , trust yourself
You got some funny lines
so pretty
Jets color rush
Sorry not intrested.
get over the absolute state of my moncler gilet I could cry for years RUINED
The episode that we all should not miss. Are you going to be in more episodes? I
Thank you din sa org com! Next year po uli
Coraline
Ice cream would be great for this weather. Tomorrow we continue healthy living
Everything about you, make me fall to you
Happy Birthday, my songwritter, my rapper, my leader, and my love. Kim
Education featuring is out on all platforms don't say I didn't do anything for
Lovely area! We went for Dunsford in the end
More pictures from Vienna!
me and my dude gone be beating shit up just like that. Play wit us if you want
I added a video to a playlist Rap Mejor Amigo
Yeah ! Asked as i see many ppl on twitter expect nifty to break 9K soon . Thank you
Thank you so much for the opportunity to win this lovely prize
Now you are beyond awesome. Chrystal I am impressed
Thank you It's an art commission
Interested in the extent of your alignment with his beliefs , not that any of your business
Have a great Sunday
Thank you
Binance has the highest trading volume on any exchanges
Click here:
$NANO
no, you are free to order any animal you want it will be even more interesting for me
Hi, His name is Johnny
Safely reached home Anna
Game on Sophie! Thanks for the nomination! Will start from tomorrow!
at the closing ceremony which starts in 5! Free after that
Homecoming 4/5
I just got diagnosed last week! Might mean I give you very good answers but be happy to try
Minha linda
keep struggle even if scared to fail
Me too!
Tired but happy
Be Crazy to Miss This!.
ORDER HERE:
Perfect for your family members
Looks great. Mustard is a beautiful autumn colour
Gorgeous photo of the gorgeous Martha. I hope you all had a fabulous, sunny and warm Sunday
Aww
Baby
You
Know
I'll
Win
Just
Take
You
Defeat
And
Be
Happy
2nd at the MSS in Karben First time ever in a finals I had ALOT of good rng today but regardless, Lunala is
I am How you doing? Still call me princess? Thank you very much
Faculty & Staff enjoying Color Run.
For the badge
Glad to hear it, the mist will add to the scenery enjoy xx
You too! ^CS
Hhhhhhh, thanks
thanks! I just think about random stuff lol
1. Sugar
2. Milk
3. Mix that shit
4. Cereal
Thank you... glad you enjoyed it
Thanks
Not everyone feels the same pain that you feel. So it's okay. I'm good
Coz they aren't sweet themselves
dm you
a follow?
Have a blast! Hopefully you guys will bring us some luck
Because you and your fur baby deserve nothing but the best, Krysta!
One of these for our fabulous ground floor?
Well spotted
Wish for you to feel better
Santa Cruz - Bolivia
City full of ......
Soap ?, how very pretty, she wont dare to use it
Only my homie has so far. Still happy to give hugs.
Thanks and I hope you have a wonderful Sunday too
treating myself like this makes me so happy at least.
One of my five =
I will thank you it is amazing
Quite right too. Brilliant work. Congratuverylations...
Thank you
S/o to those who correct my grammar rather than say, "omg! English major pa naman You the best!
After years of effort, all for this special moment
Congrats once again ! all proud of you !
Wanted to share something close to my heart!
Congrats .
Had a great time working at Wembley for
thank you!
It is was great to see you
Im always transparent
Cook... Eat... And Be Happy!
Thank you I just want to practice full body poses for Spyro and character design so that I can draw myself too
Yay. I'll put on the whole outfit in a bit and post a new picture.
An atypical day
Wonderful
Good for her! More room to spread out!
So confession: i lowkey wish I was a cockygirl just so that I could be called a
Today has been one of those days.... Please comment with things that make you happy. Need cheering up
Every thing comes to you in the right moment. Be Patient Be Grateful
Im sad and happy at the same time
Happy Sunday Sharon!
Matur suksma. Not yet but pretty soon. Hopefully, I get to go to Ubud when I come home for a visit
Thank you
Trop tard
Innocence still exists in this world.
Thank you
Hi, His name is Johnny
hehehehe thx
Stunning ... we are so lucky with our countryside ... much of the U.K. is beautiful and be beat
impossible not to love him!
is stunning . Can't wait for her and to grace our screens again
Step at a time, I will show u the ocean but will u know the depth of the ocean.... Think about it.
Thank you
My b-day was yesterday, can I a happy birthday from you please 35
Im here experiment with me lol practice ngami for future bae
Miss Out On.
ORDER HERE:
Perfect for your family members and friend.
thank you
All the best for the race
Lazy Sunday brunch
vanessa_lathbury
Love your illustration...you're very talented!
I would be so thankful
Hahaha but if course
Wait but not ugly tho I thought he was cute
Distribute some cheer. Make someone happy. Say something nice to someone. Put a smile on a face!
big facts
heyy Bang
Season Three is pretty solid so far. This show is easily the best show!
Lets keep on fighting together
Stay strong girl
We love you
Goodmorning today I begin a new life for I am the master of my abilities and today is going to be and great and beautiful day! lmaoooo
Get back in the game with some girls in sports bras (24 Photos)
Yes very day I look for you
Let's build each other up. Put this as your status to see what others love about you.
I love your _________________!
Incredible video, Cam! Thanks for sharing it with us.
Thanks for the fast response
It was a beautiful day Peter .....and I was thinking the very same today. Life is GOOD
Unique photo capture! Wow!
Tag Is Nearly 925K+ Tweets..! Lets Make it 1M.. By Tweeting with Tag Tmr...!
you certainly are an angel ilysm
just having a friendly discussion no harm intended, just having a review of everything gone on
on my bed
aw thanks understandable, given I'm Cardcaptor trash now
Impromptu day trip to the Black Mountains with Lovely to find some peace and quiet for a bit...
5 minutes et on prend l'antenne !
good night
Dear men,
is not a pickup line
Thanks,
Management
1st day as a and we all get jabbed obvs for a v good reason.
Good morning
Thank you
in my bed
Little Turtle Constellation
Coloring Timelapse video.
Music: Pokemon theme by Tap Music Now
Crepe making class little miss loved making her own Crepes
Lol!!
Someone rich, then transfer a bunch of money to my account on their behalf
Hate my life at this point
on!
any new band 5s able to complete this
Here is it if you would like try the roasted version
amazing how much happiness wee kids can bring, few hours spent with my nephew and it made me so happy
Praying for you
Play marathon!!!!!
MIRA JUAN MANUEL PADILLA CANO SI SIENTES ALGO POR GABY POR QUE CHINGAOS NO TE LE PINSHIS DECLARAS TE AMO ME ALTERE
Okay try to give someone a chance to meet me
Buwan short cover
A rare picture of me smiling. RT for goodluck
my inner self is happy , cause my life coming together rather a mf notice or not
just gone take time but ima get him back
Nah. in the same company, same shop, just different department.
Yes pass the sugar
Ahhhhh, thank you
Thank you so much
Stai bene
Well thanks so much! Maybe one day, we will all meet up at Tosca!
Thank you
Thank you for everything.
I liked a video I Won 28 Lakhs From KBC on Call ?
I love this song, reminds of so many happy memories love you
Who else could rock a robe and boots, No One but our Riggs
I thought I had that title but whatever it's all good if you want to be like me..
Congratulations!!!
A Romanian delicacy served at weddings etc is tripe soup.. with cream and garlic. Yum
Happiest birthday, Gorgeous ! wishing you all the best ! I love you, todo2 ! I miss you God bless.
So much fun for this day. Thank you God Almighty and Lord Jesus for this awesome and wonderful night
We love it too
trying to go to haunted houses and see Christmas lights this year
Me too!
yeah no more of that
DOST Scholarship Exam done earlier. Thank God all the questions were kinda easier.
Should have picked me
Morgan Lee Wylie here. My first novel was a romantic Western. Now I'm working on a Regency Romance.
Guess going to the game tomorrow . Should I wear my Matt Ryan Jersey? Or my Neal shirt? all I got in black
Get vaccinated! Thank you
First time ko magtagal sa vc ah thanks to you.
yeah u did, knew it about a month ago. keep on hiding every single thing im totally fine
Me: I only need to buy ONE more Christmas gift and I'm done
B: Btw if you haven't gotten me my Christmas gift
there already
no problem. not every challenge will suit everybody..soon be next week with a new one you can join in with
Thank you
Pumpkin patch with babe and rave fam today
Wow I'd love a new vape
Time to put my feet up watching The Goonies
Thanks
And that long becuz I owe much
Just let me play marksman and we can win handily..
Buy swim shorts from me Masha
He is sexy
No, my location is not a keyboard smash
Gonna be a tough game against the Bears today, think we get it done though
I can take no credit for it but good time
Thank you so much
What a way to disturb naman. That's why I'm moving at this hour, so there would be no interuptions, and I told this beforehand.
Driving back home
I vote, I try
por aqui...
Happy Sunday Asha and All!
Agreed you are right.
Ayy, congratulations fellow teammate!
A very special person in my life who means a lot to me but will be missed every second of every day
Yup super salamat well appreciated
Awwwww! I curtsey in response.
Thank you
Stana Clause i love you more
Thanks
We're not mutuals but I'm from Mongolia
Thank you I had the best day/night ever yesterday I feel blessed to think of how insane the future is going to
Thank you!
fuckin thought so
You look beautiful and pretty. How's your day going so far
Goodbye, InvisibleWiccan.
Hello, Strange Chronicles.
Or (because apparently, twitter has a
Gooood morn- fternoon! Happy Sunday! How is your weekend going? We are recharging today. Late brunch happening soon.
Back Again With Another Piece Of Poetry ......
You Guys Gonna Love it !
Go Watch it and Share it
Better late than never! How good was Michael Keane today?
Sonne weg, Mond da
Unexpected nights are always the best
Yay well done, that is fab news. So pleased for you mentee
Congratulations 1M followers on Insta
we both know why you mistreat me the sooner you own it, the better.
Thank you
are mazak kr raha hun yar, tum serious kyun leti ho? just chill ,, u r sweet cute bht achhi,, hamesha khush
me (well the back of me)
This kid shreyas sang so well
My house
Some people just come away with a program. Thank you and for for the prize
Aww
I
Know
Babe
But
You
Know
I
Never
Give
Up
So
You'll
Take
Your
Defeat
And
Be
The
Kawaii
Baby
You
Are
recognize his voice anywhere driving by an event and KWAM1 is playing
Your very welcome
Congratulations 1M followers on Insta
The pain that been feeling can not compare to the joy coming.
Correction: Kurt and Tia Herman , Margaret Motsage!!!
Thank you, Joss, I will have. Look how beautiful the evening sky is. We had a beautiful sunny day
i know!! :D which means next sunday if i see you at mcm i can trade you your mewtwo!
Wow, bravo
Thank you very much, Happy sunday and weekend for you. Hugs and greetings.
Well done, great stuff
Nice To see you in here
Hey guys I'm back
How I treat you reflects how u treat me at first
Obvio
It works for us
Don't Worry. Be Happy!
Love this film
Yes, the hair is gone. I just didn't want to be bothered. It is incredibly freeing. Come on to the other side
GOOD NIGHT
Keep streaming fly away already got 30k streams
have fun at today !!! SHIMMER Live is The BEST !!
Owwww cuute
There is never without season's pie.
And forget to have someone videotape it.
Thanks
It was fun!
Yeah be there too
will you be having another dance class this time?
When do the slopes open?
Will you now teach me the eye thing for free now
I appreciate your nuance.
Hopefully she will! She know ordered it, so it will be a lovely surprise when it gets delivered to her x
preso
Awesome Lizzie when are you going? love it
just throwing together a fresh healthy meal! cooking is such a rewarding hobby
I think the last one I went to was my aunt and uncles wedding about 20 years ago lmao but okay yay
Please let's give him a huge warm hug
Forest fun in the woods!
Preso
I packed some gummy bears for the flight!
Demon Dayz Festival LA in California
Happy birthday to the beautiful tatlented and funny
Ahhh awesome! It was great thank you
Dm me baby
always welcome
Happy Sunday!! a beautiful day to be alive
Thank you
as requsted by my good mate
Driving back to Toronto!
it won't last.... I'm gonna have my taste buds back
I would rather the Skins (only) win today...
brilliant! X
~ a joke can really ruin someone else's life. And, I'm about to ruin mine. Thank you for joking about me because of that, I lost my self.
back at fella!
Sorry I had walk out with dog in garden
New England Patriots vs. Chicago Bears avec tomate mozza champignons ! Bonne bonne
Thanks we appreciate this!
My dads such a hard worker. I'm so proud
It certainly has, long may it last
Yes
Up early doing a brake job
Uniqua Newby thanks Launy
Jenlisanation...y'all know what I'm thinking rn, right?
My babe is so good at her job just being a peado watching her work
my weekly update for those following along
Origins of album title and black man revealed Saw them in a local pub earlier this year. Such a
Hope everyone is having a fantastic Sunday
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
I love you more
choosing here soon
U changed hairstyle? Almost didn't recognise you. Cute still.
La du Mississippi
F.Truffaut
I would like to read it
Just wondering what "Namanana" means
Happy Birthday to my mom the one Person I can always count on, the person who has neve steered me wrong. The
Just wondering what "Namanana" means
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
Already following
Flashback
My mom is the real MVP
The motorcycle drawing on Waze is so cute!
ni GA temen gw!
Sakura has a way with words. I find it so heartfelt and personal. She really is a great person
follow me on instagram to see my mini makeup tutorial
Go Cougs! Great teamwork
Producer I.M
So proud of you
Yes me too
meet some pretty cool people so far since got here
i have a pure goofy
Gooi recept
Tbm gostaria, tem problema ?
Hehehe.... u're welcome
What a nice car... for a Mustang. However, fastbacks have always been my favorite 'Stang.
don't care..i just wanna see smth happy
I call they're "Trinity of X-Men Red"
This humidifier got me breathing so good
And me!
saidnit before and apparently I need to say it again MY MF NAME OUT OF YOUR MF
Just hanging out withTom. Carolina Hurricanes
But I love this opening too.
Thank you. I am constantly searching for ways to enhance my classroom instruction to motivate my students.
Great. Let me know.
Aww Jaz thank you
Tbh you are the first who thinks I could really reach my dream and again thank you for believing in me
coming home too
Here.
The motorcycle drawing on Waze is so cute!
Keep that one in your pocket for the Bengals today
Are bahut sara turmoil chal raha tha life... So decided to disconnect and focus on them... mujhe to
I can do it in english too and sometimes in french
De algo me ha servido toda la pasta
Happy to all!
We love you
Snack pairing ~
Mac & Cheese, garlicky collard green. And hopefully a few slices of the Sunday roast.
En masum hali
Sundays are about relaxation with fair trade incense cones!
Sister
Hes feeling a llot better thanks everyone
11 - i like quiet, enclosed places where it's mostly just the two of us, and we just hang out there the whole day until it gets dark
Really amazing setting
A must see place
Ya hay muy pocas asi
this what i been waiting for
Yes indeed the sun is always there. Continue to believe and you will achieve.
Accha fir theek hai..
Accha laga uske liye thanks
Another hour and I can stop to make dinner!
Fjakkolata
Thoroughly enjoyed Shame I say the same about the previous film
Keep on watching. Some very funny stories are gonna come. Stay tuned to BGPH
Maybe Cait has "good genes"
The Only Remedy is SHUTDOWN
: by teamkhoded
Edit by Ejigbo
I wait to be done with these sessions so I can get bailey and we can go home and cuddle
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Ask me anything you want
Anyone in looking to open a restaurant - Etobicoke-Lakeshore *needs* decent pho/bahn mi restaurant
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
If both sides are equal then love is BLISS
Yup Chiku is my nickname.
Yes I watched few episodes of Aladdin and I love them.
PVKM was
It was a good year. Rise and show them who you are
np, i'm never sure if i should post random things like this but i'm glad you like it
Lol... been planting that seed in my daughters mind very early too. wait
The motorcycle drawing on Waze is so cute!
late, but happy birthday!!!
Great weekend this one. Wigan won and winstanley warriors are up to second after a gutsy 3-1 win at Cronton
Guys, I love the" drivel "only reason I listen. Keep it up
She carries this picture
s/Pillion/Phillips jfyi
My of inspired by another staff member
Congratulations 1M followers on Insta
Happy birthday I'll be celebrating your birthday by listening to your music today have a great birthday
Pikachu mei tumhe chunta hu lovely pic dear
Thank you so much!!
Then he will pay back every penny trust me
Histoire de terminer le week-end tranquillement
Shirley & Co - Shame Shame Shame
Thank you Noelle. I appreciate your kind words!
Check out my latest doctor Who review on my YouTube channel!
Exactly Linda
tryna be.
EXO OT9
Kerry
With the delightful
Boy that Cory Booker...
He sure could dish it out!
Indeed! Please see my pinned tweet
Oh wow saw this vid of Yeonjung singing Rose 5 years ago. She's a total baby but even then she sings so well.
Saludos desde
ACTIVO, 19
RT, SI TE GUSTO
This is the type of weather I been waiting on
I pretty much love all the songs on album except coco Chanel I never even attempt to listen to it
Waoo!! I have done a great job for a pretty face
I missed yesterday, but life happens...Day 21 of the and a new blog post is coming later I love
My Girl with
Welcome mad woman
This will be my last time going to visit my babe in TN... bittersweet but next week sign the lease for OUR place in FL
Last time I saw him was 2016. He is now happily married and im very much happy for him.
Sorry I'm a bit emotional lmao.
Alright I have to finish 2 more comms now
Thank you
Weekend has been so bad but a follow back would mean a lot sir
Well done
Lool thanks for your concern
Mau kak, please cek dm. Thank you
Happy Sunday Monnie and All! I hope doing well! Yeah, want to get caught on a walk in that!!
Wybory
Gud night sis
Ok but Halsey leaving the comment in Korean even tho Rosie's first language is actually English we love a thoughtful queen tho
Its always ok
!!! TY :DD the whole zine is incredible, I had to bring my A game
ano po kaya title nung background music dyan nun? thanks po
You Just made my collection!! Thanks for all your hard work and being the stand out
Happy birthday dear
Maybe I should watch this everyone seems to be enjoying this
Whoever marries me gon be one lucky mf
One more song then I quit music!
You're welcome Ros It's always a pleasure! You make my beautiful music!
Get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off your order with
in a cooking mood today
Thank you so much!
can i have the first pic pls, i love georges smile in that pic
Thanks
performing on ADC Miami? Let us know below
Have turn you into your favorite album cover from MCR
Look!!! I received this in the mail today!!!!! Hung it up right on my side of the bed
you are so fine & chocolatey Thank you
Lovely arse Beatrice
I LOVE guys that smell good
You know how some people are here na
This is my Bearded Dragon Sandy, sunbathing.
Shut up the answer to every problem
Today well and truly calls for a tomato pasta bake!
Treat yourself this Sunday
Sunday at .... water is still warm.... degrees
Nice A bit flattering maybe, but nice. Pickford penalty save crucial
Tell me which part is cute, hyong?
Dropping, dropping and we dropped out around 2am. But boys climbed at 1:19am. Every small success counts to
My girl comes home today
Thank you for this day, thank you for everyday I mean
What a beautiful photo xx
Wow 4/4. Feels so good . certified
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
Kya bbaat hain.. you got the cap from himself Wish you All The Very Best!!!
Lovely to meet you
I absolutely love londons burning, I would love some kind of reply from u please "george is my
Please & Thank You
Thank you very much Ify. You're blessed. Have a great week ahead
Thank you
Have a Birthday to organize? Chat to us about our catering and confectionery services
Thanks for the like
Meth is too
Thank you so much to talktosomeone who is another New Friend on Twitter! I hope you enjoy my Tweets
Pra acordar!
Pretty mo rin for we are beautifully made by God
Welcome
Good morning H I hope you have a wonderful day!!
Team Manor in the Accies v Rangers Brochure today Hamilton Academical FC Rangers FC
and the lads had our logo
Replay de ontem por favor
Aww
I will wait
"Im just striving to survive behind this smile, Ive known hard times..
If you want to talk, I am right here
Lage kian. At least.
Happy birthday, Ate Cati!!! Thank you so much sa entire Org Comm. Asan na yung registration form for next year?
What's wrong with short?
Maybe you just need a short dress!
Baekhyun and Loco - Young, Years&Years - Hypnotized
Thank you
You've a good eye for it
Es cierto
wait to read your book!
Tag Is Nearly 925K+ Tweets..! Lets Make it 1M.. By Tweeting with Tag Tmr...!
He has been found safe and well
God bless you God loves you
hello heather glad to see you retweeting these. You still doing ok?
I'm off twerps...have a great evening day morning wherever the fuck you are in this world
I leave in three more hours, I love
Debutantes
New video this week!! Possibly Monday or Tuesday we shall see
Hello lovely people
I really enjoyed myself this trip was so relaxing and well worth it
eres hermosa, no el maquillaje
Oh no. We are on opposite sides. Totally Red Sox fan. Two great teams. May the best team win
Try out these secrets to a more positive life
Shh... 5 tips to leading a more positive life
Nice! I look forward to seeing pics of it
Hey there
the sureal and magical moment when you meet your fursuit, also shire looks so irish with the flat cap
Shirefox
Trans & non binary authors please take note!
Oh okay !!
Thanks for clarifying
Thank you!
Welcome
Thanks for Unfollwed ,
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Ah. Thanks for responding.
Today was a good day!
Cc:
You are absolutely right, Jeanine
Looking lovely so fae Ruth
Would be a real shame if this thread got hijacked with photos of Gazza......
i
wait
Lovely pic and nice to see the green grass of home in the background! I
YETMEZ DEVAM HAKKIMIZ OLANI ALANA KADAR DURMAK YOK
Thanks
No problem, happy to help
we're looking forward to seeing you! what do you think you'll order?
girl, let's stay happy love you
Thank you
i am beyond ready for the show tonight! are gonna kill it
Mucho exito Estefany bonita
sleep
have to work
yessssssssssss, i love you -blushing
No don't smell but the puff spores out
Plant based yummy
Ach was
Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden
How true is that
Thanks so much for the awesome shout out, Eric! We're just glad we can help keep you charged
a fan of your sense of humor
Yaa this January it would be a decade to me using Twitter. Time flies
Of course! We miss it
Thank you
The only way to have a friend is to be one....
Voted.
All the best
I did what I said I was gonna do & had fun the good girl act is fading away .
I've droned you!
Thankyou joanne
Thanks Trey
Happy birthday babe make this day a happy day i love you
Fact 3: kinda know, but I was professional trained by Jeff Hardy, Lita, and Edge......oh and Adam Rage
so happy you were able to go see it Diane ! Your support to George is amazing
Yes!! He knew his best friend needed a good laugh!
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
The BEST version. For me.
With Thanks Emma
I wish Nomsa Buthelezi was on twitter
Nice having my grandparents round for a Sunday Dinner
So happy you got to meet him again looking forward to mine and go in December!
Ez onlaynin
Awe, cutest bird house ever, Stan~did you build it?
Best rommie
I got that
Might do a live stream when they come on
IF YOU GAVE UP ON ME WHILE I WAS GETTING MY SHIT TOGETHER.... THANK YOU
Thank you!
Really babe where is you proof that nicki got 1 million faster than 12 days
Day 15 has been the hardest. Temptations everywhere. Didn't touch my lips though
that's the Mountain below me where that private trail is. Can get to the lake from there
Tell us what dealing with, maybe some room for optimisation
Campbell seriously ?
There, feel better ?
sure you mean well.
Thank you for your support,
It was a good weekend...although not sure
Thank you for sharing this picture with us.
GooD Night friends
Allah Hafiz
be there a lot
2nd Bronze award from of Sarah & wedding at Sure was a lovely wedding day
Thank you David x
Aww thank you Yes she really did!
happy birthday bebe irish take care
Hey
I just wanna to take another look at you..
That's it
Too simple
True love
Spontaneous
Look what we found Found in a village of st Stephens a few miles away from us. Thank you for a
Sa BF Homes, Aguirre Ave.
are from MI too
Can Blockchain Democratise dot-COM?
Brady time
Very Good night sweet dreams tc
basically trying to document old trees so 15-20 or even lesser would do, just post a few okay?
He look too perturbed by his experience
Any knitting projects underway? seen photos of some of your cute stuff on Twitter before
I know
Is the official schedule link new?
Well not exactly Fred Hammond, more like Chris Tucker, but I love it
I loved doing this party today!! Thank you Autumn for letting me be a part of your special day Happy 2nd Birthday!!!
It was a small dirty brown puddle- and where water a reflection
News
Ah thanks Maura
When is the next batch?
Also the library squirrel was back & seems to have found a large snack, so that's nice
When sad about you i just remind myself I have a brand new fucking car and I feel ALLLLL better again
I guess would also recognize you without any difficulty
Picture 6 hope you can see the triange
Follow me please sir
typical bored Sunday like this tweet for an account rate! if you wanna
username:
layout:
tweets:
some extra kindness:
I believe it's called sarcasm.
We were beyond pleased to be shortlisted for the prestigious produce awards! It's not long now
My mom planning us a trip to Paris wait
Awwww ty
Oluwaseyi
Happy Birthday
Cheers to the best year so far.
Stay amazing
5-star review from Readers' Favorite!
So good to see Alfie back! Staking his claim
Good night rather ..
Good morning
Thank you
Thank you . New hobby to do when I've ran out of your books .
Bring Worlds to Brazil and we will show what should be a standard for crowds
A true musician will see the hidden note in this picture.
Writing fueled by my favorite Swedish candy: (jungle roar). It's salty licorice and super yummy
First one
homecoming week should be fun
A
Fancy fish for your tea this week? Get in touch and I can deliver your order straight to your door!
agoney no huelas
have a listen and let you know
Thanks girl
Ohoh thanks a lot for holding this giveaway may your life full of bless, peace and
Last night was so chill. Definitely have to do it again.
Lets hope he break your trust A
. message before the race
Hey there! I've got just the steps for that: *BWL
Who said friends with benefits are a bad idea? I can get you 25% off your first order click away
Thank you
I love when he makes animations like these!
Thanks
Because am happy xox
Over the winter time I want to learn how to program Android. Thats'all
Thank you Jen and for the retweet
Hi Niharika, how are you these days! Are you still writing your book?
GOOD FOR YOU. do it more often if it make you feel nice
Happy birthday
The world - Canada included
your smile wow
Mi moto me la han empapao! (To the tune of 'mi carro me lo han robao')
You know the world is sideways when Nebraska and Peru wins....
You deserve to be happy
Ah thank you I reckon leave mine in then and see how we go
okay, please follow back, lemmi check something.
It's not yet 2000
It was nice to meet you
Hope you win Tanya! If u win, you know it's yours
It was damn near impossible but thank you
I am doing good uncle, thanks for asking How are you?
nothing better than a bowl of Chana masala
I just checked , it come on today at 4
Some Sundays are good for brainstorming...
But can Monday pls be on slow motion before showing up?
Lovely weekend again
Jimmy , YOLIE , Matt and Pao mixing "END"
check " END" on iTunes , Spotify
Sata-day
Shit? if you everrrr ask me to take a picture of you again
Slow and steady wins the race
Uma babe,
That was fun stop taking stuff seriously
It's ok if u want to give me this of this
No problem at all
Just spotted this on my feed! Thank You Rosie x
Had a blast at the conference! Aren't you sorry you missed it?
Ha! No problem. Great to meet you too
Shes almost 16
Found this interesting sci-fi mini-series on Youtube and I can't stop watching. It's called 'H+'. Watch it.
The daughter of two anthropologists.
You're welcome.
Do I have a dream catcher in my room? Of course I do.
Ah also I like smart friends, so follow you sharp, I hope you can figure out who and follow back Lool okay
Its the little things
You betcha... I'm glad we understand each other & I'm glad were friends
just wondering what your doing in Tampa? Does it have anything to do with the Rally tomorrow?
House & car clean
Now to get dressed & enjoy my day
Thank you
$Joemazing7
Is there a video to the interview?
THANKS DAVID FOR ALL YOUR HARD WORK
There can be more than one
Me fine
just now seeing this but thanks Jaida ima be out that way soon i miss too I forget bout the
No joor , another time na
Genius I'm not sure but otherwise yes, it's me, it's my account Thanks a lot for enjoying it so much
RT . message before the race
Who wants to meet me for a drink in Milwaukee before 3?
My Special person
Yehey second tayo schoolmates sa court dancing.
Sulit ang lahat ng pagod at paghihirap.
This is wonderful Thank you' looking forward to doing this
I'm doing well OMG I hope you're back to your sweet self The flu is horrible!!
Got to love Raheel's mum
Do i know this guy or nah? Hahaha wish u all the best miks u deserve better.
love these piggies cute +++ Pigs on my list for next year
Me, too
So envious, but thrilled so many were able to attend
All things be taking into consideration Thank you for your input!!
Lovely to meet you
Me, too
So envious, but thrilled so many were able to attend
Listen to Pup Jean Paul
Now this is something that pulls at your heart love this
Perks of being a private guest on the Smoke Show.
Thank you
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness
Definitely following you dashie I love watching my best friend play video games lol
Thank you so much to ArchonScourge who is another New Friend on Twitter! I hope you enjoy my Tweets
I still think rubies would be better.
I like wittiness.
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
Anyway thanks for answering I hope your book arrives very soon in Latin America especially Argentina
Thank you
Thanks lovely
Ur welcome
Thank you
Thanks so much, Alex. From my debut, The Tear Collector.
Will do Dr Cook
Good night
Your very welcome Joel glad had a lovely day and what a perfect way to finish it off with a takeaway enjoy
They sound cool
The best kind of trash
Got my car towed last night, stop doing on me now please
Happy Sunday, friends!
Love love love this film. We are watching it to
For his blind fans he's always right.
my baby layla , 5 months
thank you thank you
Domingoo
Thanks
The Endclave!?
aww thank you
Hola Paco Porque has borrado este tweet?
I have to babysit
She said thankyou Silver was the highest she could get as
Kate has a website
are mirrors of the
It means a lot. Thank you
I have a 4pm Sunday curfew! Enjoy, anyway
I like being weird, because then you stand out from the average person
Visit Bourbon!
An American whisk(e)y cocktail bar and Cajun-Creole restaurant
Da ist dein Platz nimm ihn ein!
We are attuned Lucy.... I think a stunning album. My favourite of theirs since
I thought so, you went to my primary school (E.N)
Anybody remember the name of the engine on Concord
*Olympus
Love you, too, Karlita! I am just a message away. Praying for you!
Thank you for sharing . I care
Soun Jao Saree
My guess is 7.9 lbs and 18 inches
Hey friends, I was wondering: which house do you belong to?
I'm a curious puppy!
My lil boo be pissing me off. my baby tho
Shadowhunters
definitely
I'm forever grateful for my circles of friends
Deluded ignorant prick. That's Farage. And the guy following him
I say an expert but glad you agree with me
Feinho
Ya, made me cry....nice job, Corey. Congratulations, Phoenix! Good luck to you and your team!!
thanks!!
Thanks
hi
Motivation I needed was there all along
Without hesitation YES, get brexiteer in charge, so we can get this sorted quickly.
Nag install ng twitter because for one reason.
Thank you for all your hard work
Je cours !
looking forward to running races this fall.
Nope
Let's sleep Oppa!!!
Surrender was better than Breakout? Discuss.
I really love the freshness of this cover. Unathi also looks great wait to get my hands on a copy
Thank you my friend, how nice don't worry and the forgiveness of yourself is a good start
Thank you
It was nice to meet you.
Subbing your channel please sub back
Thanks Ian hope well
Thanks for stopping by, Eric! We hope you enjoyed your snack and have a great night!
hope she feels better!
Enjoy your cookie, Patrick!
Gotta be a pizza I think, something which can be reheated for breakfast
One's comfort zone is decided by own self not others
PS a clean video& one of the cutest see this week
One can hope!
Lol
Misunderstood are so cute
Two really nice guys
Ah, thanks - somewhere never been but the scenery looks amazing. Glad you had a good time
I love a good pick me
Another tip top day
We are actually still using most of these things here
Well congrats to her. Babies are awesome!
Thank you !!
Aww ace i love peas tho lol
Okay.... Shubh ratri, Tc.
Heyyy! I just wanna say that i love you :)) I'm always here to support you. Aww.. Thank you whoever u are..
tour? simply Mint to Be
Bonus..this beautiful dog kept staring at me juicebarmarketsquare
Finally, at home.
Good luck tonight Brendannot that need it because your the winner in my eyes you smashed it last nightI
Beautiful and smart fur baby.
Thanks so much!
Great. It sounds like a great idea.
I hope it works out for you
Merci beaucoup
Adam Thielan Is On Another Planet Right Now
Happy Birthday !
Wishing you good health and more blessings in life. Basta alam mo na yun! Enjoy and stay happy.
Just a photo of my cat
Thank you so much !!!! God bless you salomae
I wait never felt like this about training before! Also a break from the recent 8:30 fell running
Super tant mieux
Ndi ta mayo close gid but I think you're really friendly and padayona lang ang make up2
I'm on my own
Happy birthday to my girl hope you have the best day, love ya!
Yo vine de fb
Playing Destiny 2 for a little ..I'm live on Twitch - Watch me at
Congratulations
It's a great thing you're doing. Need more people like you.
I understand our blesser is back Kuda she will sort it out.
Nope. Just all of the characters TwiRRa allows. Also... Threads. Sampuli: 1/many
Sarap himasin
(*gives you another big hug*
Sugar x n
almost my szn. SCORPIO SZN on the way
Happy Birthday
I absolutely agree. So happy I met her.
Go you! I like that you did the unexpected and go for the role of Nala
Trunk or Treat Day at church!
ok, thanks!
I know. And I'm sorry but you are so cute.
not against that and a lefty
Well I bet lovely do you get to use your royal carriage?
welcome !
Yesssss sis
Check it out lots of different things Radcliffe, Bury, United Kingdom
I could only watch the highlights but he smiled again and the passion is finally back, in the whole team
Of course! I am really excited for the dodgers! 2x the charm
3 Days to Hayley Kiyoko and hella excited
If you see Tom again, say hi from me
Thanks
I would definitely love to get 4to know you.
Excited
Nothing makes me happier than getting my mistress approval
People show you everyday who they really is u can either let it upset you or make up in ya mind that the devil stoping
No I thought u r stone Pelter
On this loverly Sunday, let's take a breath and have a laugh. Compare and contrast:
Thanks
Usually mathsbot and sometimes mathsbox
Amazing. I hope smashed the grand total the is amazing foundation xx
Waffle House OTW
I think your Until Dawn streams are my new favorites.
I'm only joking just being silly
Ty bro
Dammit. Do you have a blog?
sheepnfox nie tak pernah kecewa bagi aku the best fancam of IN
Ohhh waise bathi der se jali
Goodnightyyy thankyouu lord
I like to think spotted me & gave me a wave
They are so precious. Look at the one in the back having a ball in the water.
Speedy recovery
And another brilliant improvement! Well done Jana! Those quizzes are paying off
Current $IOTA price: $0.50
Binance registration is ONLINE! We JUST checked!
We have some of the best sun sets and coloured skies
I whole heartedly agree.
Thank you, Ronald.
Anything Martin is yours
No love. ...we didn't fall for the lies.....you did!
Lol ily.
DSSW Deep State Targets Spsce &
Follow RT MG+10 RT
Elf prince cat
I do Astro please
People really fucking with my cut
The bills are awful this year!
i want another morning with you baby. breakfast and cuddles
thank you so much
Mint chocolate chunk.
Time check its 1:18 am...parang wala pasok bukas...work is life
Yes agreee ... mute the haters listen to ur heart support
whether it speaks to them on a personal level also, to each their own.
I'm glad it did the fic made me smile. a job well done
Woow..
Close your eyes and dream a beautiful dreams ...
G.Night Friends
I love your coat!
Thank you ella God bless you!!!
Okay! Maybe we can go out and get drinks or something soon
so beautiful
Congrats Jer! Godbless you more and your career Seeyou soon! Happy anniv
welcome
starting to feel happy
Wadd u mean what it used to be? ABU has bn ahead of BUK n other Universities, and still is.
I felt so pretty today.
Follow us :
our channel link....
Yes. You are adorable.
It's gonna be a vampire/Halloween small family home
Well you sure as heck write it better than me! Did you live in Italy?
I scrolled for about 5 minutes and I'm very satisfied with the comments on this thread.
Thank you
Me also got the same hope we both win
He looks so happy ang healthy
We are live and rocking in just over an hour!
Tickets available on the door for
Game day good pressure and Sunday dinner smelling bomb
So pleased all went well with surgery PatKeep fighting
Thank you. I hope I have a successful year ahead too and right back at ya x
Your blog was also very popular on our Facebook page Angela.
First time we didn't meet at a march Obi but yesterday crowd was unbelievably huge .
Not long to go now! is ready! Are you?
Never ever seen anything like this before! We were driving back from the garden centre and saw it
Oh no Morgan! What a loss- DM us your address and we would be happy to help you restock
Very sweet looks!
cheaper though
Even if we r 100 yrs old we will have a heart of a young girl that is always acting weird
I want to sleep but I keep enjoying "mema" post to make used of my twitter. Napakainosente ko naman.
And I would always for obvious reasons
ouhh, good luck
Hope ya saw
Just waiting on the day she meets uMakoti wam
From midday the day after a match
Stunning! We love these fall colours - thanks for sharing Eric!
hi, I guess you're a fan of ITTIHAD Club? I was in KSA something I ago to watch them. Hope we can connect as fan
Just wonderful to meet
Most welcome
Videos like this give more focus literally had a worst day of my life ...Nothing is impossible .. Never give up
here, here! The A Bit if Stone 2019 Calendar. All photos were taken by me Closed dimensions: x
You're how close to
I hope this can be us
Ask some random shit
Thank you man - that means a lot. Hope it helps others
Ice Cream
Ok Kruti feel sad ... just a show ... ur Megha is in the house ... be happy smile
We loved WHL
En estas zonas
Smiling through it
Happy Birthday Hope You're Having A Lovely Day...You Deserve To. XxX
Bang with local girls at
fuck for money odd porn oil fuck een foot swing
Brushed cotton bedding, just like your nana used to have
people smile in same
Been here since 11
Time to man up and fight for something important
I see you did live in Italy!
Thank you!
Today, I feel very happy!
Beautiful Happy birthday dear
Schedule food deliveries when they're convenient for you! Enjoy 30% off your order with this
Such a happy guy
Binance gives free money with airdrops!
Click here:
$BTC $ETH $XRP $XLM $NEO
I think it was 17.4 million...no, my mistake, that's how many voted to leave.
So I guess we're still very much in the lead.
Don't use VPN for this voting.
Follow limit yikes. I'll follow you back when its over.
Already
EricTheMailman Stunning! We love these fall colours - thanks for sharing Eric! (ParksCanada)
please RT need a squad building for 200k XB1 4222 or 4312 can change formation IG
Have potm Lucas if that helps anything
Looking forward to that one both amazing ladies both good gamers as well
I should carry around the tea that you gave me!
The Stranger or The Plague by Albert Camus, or any Murakami books (I liked The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle the most)
God bless you and your pharaoh
Yesterday: VV Anna came live in Twitter & FB
Once again I'm very unlucky
I appreciate VV Anna
I was just thinking the same
I'm so happy!
you are welcome
trying islandic food
Thank you
You can keep my regrets
Cause baby I got these scars remindin me to forget your love
Some cosmic notebooks that I handprinted and will be soon in my shop
Thanks
No problem. Actually if you need stranger to talk i will listen to you. Thanks.
Night
Thank u
Following back all.... thank you so much for your follow stay in touch
Huge duck at St
finished! Love, love, love this so much More photos when the light is better
Thank you!
Keith that's one of my favorite songs by you, love you too, Mia!
officially crunch time again and back to stressing getting this degree though
Followed tswifft13
Boda en familia
Some more great people to follow:
Eating good
at our photo op/m&g.. wanted to hug them soo much azzir_ojdized that's ur album James is signing
There are Chinese foods and have a Tim chum in there . Yummy
please RT need a squad building for 200k XB1 4222 or 4312 can change formation IG
Have potm Lucas if that helps anything
There is 8 of us quick fire TED talk like
Thank you Always welcome
Woow..
Close your eyes and dream beautiful dreams ...
G.Night Friends
Loved it when Brent said off to Finchy
bbcdoctorwho : Not long to go now! segunakinola is ready! Are you? (via
Enjoyable and informative.
I've yet to see him give a bad performance, & he's been in many bad movies. Dude just crushes every time!
The more and more we talk about it, the more excited I get. Can't wait to finally able to start our lives.
unlimited
Great! We just sent you a DM.
What AWESOME parents! Ms. Thames is amazing
Tag Is Nearly 925K+ Tweets..! Lets Make it 1M.. By Tweeting with Tag Tmr...!
Awesome!!! So glad you got there. Such a cool brewery
Great advice! Don't let it become a numbers game! Enjoy being on the ride instead
Happy birthday, Flash! Hope you have a great day!
Yes, I agree. Naps are a guilty pleasure, but the older I get, the more of a necessity they are becoming!
Gracias je
be there with my daughter and friend. Can wait to see you and
Probably
I must go back to Margate looks like it's changed a lot! Tks for sharing
More shots please Mad Dog & Beans Mexican Cantina - 38th St.
Thank you Andy for leading the way (no pun intended!) & promoting responsible access. the best way
Very impressed with my power bank! Thanks for gift
DAY21 - Glavenus/Dinovaldo.
Another fav monster of mine. I love the Hellblade version as well.
And you forgot to mind your business
Lmaoo nah fr I hope you get home safe , praying for you
I love this guy's reactions!
Oh no!! Did I miss the last round of questions!?! Oh well. Till next time.
pronto
KAWAII!! Hope you have a fun time!
Thank you dear Cristina. I didn't see your message earlier so I wish you a nice Sunday evening
Just like seasons , people change
haha Uncle Sam Thank you
Great to meet you too! Had an amazing time, hope you did too
Thanks for your reply. Please be clear people are fighting for their
worry I think they will add more time slots and date too~ Sure diaorg nk untung
don't hate..ignorreee then
Thank you ... I smiled the whole way through a super start to my day
Thank you.
You are really cute and sweet to do it like that. Rosestans now are falling in love with you
Germany !
Hahaha I'm sorry Aiden, but I can't take you seriously
I will still promise to behave xx
Haven't heard it yet, but I think Hold an Old Friend's Hand will always be my favorite.
Thank you! I'm honored to still be one of the people you follow.
Congratulations
Aller au boulot
Hello everyone
Youre welcome Sybil
i can make it
Good luck!
return of the jedi is on, i am happy
Yes he is
Always great to see pictures, thanks very much for taking the time to share them Jayne
Absolutely!! I'd love to see you I'll make sure yours is ready!
Yup I thought about you guys. I think coming
Go for it
Start a Revolution and Burn Bras
Very similar
So happy for you both .. many congratulations
Thank you! Yes, I like your illustrations, they are really cute.
Oooh ruffles is a good one
I have Meet and greet dom tickets for the low low hit me
Enjoy
These girls can borrow my flannel anytime (32 Photos)
No fine thank you
My mum cooked for my fam today and it was great
this on your profile
Back to android phone
One eyed Willie
I love nostalgic things so much
Thanks! I got someone
The truth gets you everything you ask for out of me I promise
Okay
Follow my photography page
CLICK THE LINK IN MY BIO FOR MY LATEST SG VIDEO
Hey, smile please.
First time in a LONG TIME that and I can sit and watch Sunday football games all day together in our house
When you simple. The whole world stops and stares for a while
The new generation of core chapter members
Thanks, you are very kind!!
would be
Alexa's cousin gave her a light up fairy wand that plays "music" from Blackpool She's doing spells with it
that Bitch & you just a Bitch
Good luck have fun
remember much peanut butter as a kid but love it now
I feel the same, been buzzing since the show
And no not talking about anyone in particular since hoes always watching unless you think about you then it is
Beautiful... You and the color
Birthday is on Wednesday and my dress and shoes arrived yet! Yay
welcome Danny
Brilliant
it's the fucking shit
Plantifulsoul - Baby
from Soundcloud
Yes it is
Vechain $VEN is valued at: $0.01
We verified that Binance is accepting new users!
Can I send you a happy big hug from here?
I don't want my loved ones being saaaad
Yes
Wow, that is so cool! Need to put new batteries in my headlamp!
Happy Skyrim Sundas! is now live!
Great! Let me know if you will have any questions about your booking. Tina
Nope. I meant the gods. I believe in one, however many believe there are many.
My life has changed for the better
Thank you!!! Yayyy glad I found you on here!!
ParksCanada: EricTheMailman Stunning! We love these fall colours - thanks for sharing Eric!
Different topic:
Did you enjoy your very first performance of ?
Goodmornight!
That's us, your friendly neighborhood trash pandas~
We should definitely hang out more
We have two Octane lateral machines in the gym where I work.
Nice kit
Or you all can come to target
Waterfront and African evening
Enjoy
Thanks lil sissy
Nail appointment on Friday
Oh I do If everyone did, the world would be a much happier place
It's still bikini season in some parts of the world (75 Photos)
UI! It's not common to find ppl who do Concept and UI, so I'm curious to see your process
Happy birthday
People watchin' in Union station, heading home soon.
Let the world know you can overcome anything.
Buckle up, it's time for lift off (47 Photos)
Cheers guys Great weekend, with much achieved and many plans
uwu,, thank you !! Hope we can talk soon.
I figured score pretty low.
Beautiful day to be outside.
If okay with that then sure! Thank you~ also I use Sao
Thanks for the xp got double on mine
One thing not gonna do is trip over a single soul other than my own
3-3 here we come
Am a good child
Childish statement
look SO HAPPY!
It's been my pleasure always Hopefully you are good Stay blessed
Just thought I'd pop in and say hey! Apprentice candidate to Apprentice candidate! Heeeyy
~$100 at (treats for Corbin while away, of course), and
Amazing, congratulations really hoping be able to make it!
Just incredible. One of the best weekends ever!
[LOVE MUSIC JAPAN]
JENCHUCHAENG: **Talks alot
Meanwhile...
LISA:
Next week
Horny teacher
You were fantastic! Congratulations Megan - we are all super proud and hope to see you back next year!
well done Scott
Thank you
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness
Would probably cost quite a bit to travel by bed in this day and age though.....#ticketpricerises
can't wait for that playlist. Im sure another inspiring & great music it is
Thanks! Only started it today but so far think really good
I had a Read about it here: birth labour hypnobirth mummyblogger pbloggers
Thank you very much! It seemed the appropriate one to wear
Go on Allison
Hoodoo was a bit of an exaggeration... call it artistic licence
Nope.
Have a great time.
Thank you!
I understand.
It would have been such fun though
Congratulations Lorraine - thanks for coming out and supporting us once again!
wait to see my boo when I get back home.
|| You're very welcome I'm glad to see people are giving you the attention you deserve now though
Me too please
The Very fast news channel is Good job keep doing well
Really good news .. I'm happy 4 both of you my god bless you. .. for your new journey. ..
Loads of people say that
Have a go
Long quiz be good
My friends love my food so much they asked me to cook Sunday dinner
Probably tomorrow.
all the people I felt very strongly connected to remembered me... It was heartening... Lekin
Merci
Are you ready for a new week?
It's worth it.
welcome Danny
All to well by Taylor Swift
That may be what Trump calls Joe, but I call Joe, "99% feeble minded Joe."
Thank you. Glad you liked.
He looks like you
Thank you Jesus For Caring Friends
Follow RT MG+10
Hell yes we do! A roast isn't complete without them
Enjoy!
We came, we wrecked, we prevailed... our day in a nutshell
|
Shashi looks promising
contestants
Good morning everyone!!!!
Do you have a any change a link/moment where you show all of them?
Congrats
There are two ways to win, Debbie! Play by peeling game pieces off eligible items or play in
61 Selby Ln, Atherton, Ca.
Ryan, this is your home. It's beautiful.
That is so nice to hear
Enjoying your tweets
Speaking of Lindsey Graham, was McCain his master?
He became Superman as if MC was kryptonite.
short hair
Anyone you recommend must be good.
Added previous throw trajectory, what do you think?
Haha! I loved the taste of gripe water and I was a school prefect too
-
I love this route. The scenery is always fantastic whatever the season
Ha ha, I didn't even know who she was and thought your comment was ... strange.
Book a stall at next year's Woodfest.
.
Have a wonderful Sunday & I hope you have a lot of fun & a great time at
Enjoy it!
Yes yes yes! And my reaction after hearing their wedding news too, LOL.
Reducing traffic speeds means streets can be designed to make it easier for and
Binance gives free money with airdrops!
Click here:
$BTC $ETH $XRP $XLM $NEO
Hi
Looking for my members and for people willing to become my sacri- friend.
Thank you I hope had a well earned break over the weekend after your deadline?
Thank you
Ji
Shubratri
I miss My Baby Greg I gotta go see him today
Thank you Jesus For Caring Friends
Follow RT MG+10
I watch snap stories so if I watch yours, feel special
I've got that Sunday feeling because Father Brown is on tonight. It's the little things that make me happy.
a relaxing Sunday for me as I binge watch roadtest and retro episodes
Im sure they love to saw you Jin Oppa, you did great together with the other boys great at the whole tour
Tiny bubbles Sunday macchiato at Pour by devin.ut The Curb
Awwwe who could resist this sweet adorable face I love my sweet boy Lenny and Rosie too ofcourse
Learning heal us all
Lovely. What are your surrounding trans people in prisons may I ask?
Hoping this works out so I can do summer in Pretoria
Congratulations
Thanks... I will
The best part is they know you love them... every day no matter what...
I just made this week rotation and hurt not off until the weekend and really gone try my hardest to go all next 5 days
Now Happening | Miss Globe 2018 Finals Night!
Congratulations ! Really pleased you enjoyed the race.
Thank you Jesus For Caring Friends
Follow RT MG+10
Waaa you are so cute. I hope all have a wonderfull day.
good morning velvet hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Thank you
Not yet finished, but it looks good though
Date with Shibuya sets are out on my patreon! I really loved cosplaying her, it was so much fun~ take her out
Where did you see the show?
Once I get me some folks off of social media
Found my shit
Just them who knows maybe
Come on Blinks! Let's not assume everything haha okay?
I hope my clients do too! Maybe I'll pitch at them they might start staying up at 4am too
Today is a slightly different pace than my last week or so has been. Taking a moment to slow down and
Yess I can share my go to recipes for sure
Someone turned on the heat.
Wish you
Happy Birthday
Healthy body
forever happy
Burroughs/Chamizo in the hole. Crazy how much the thought of that kind of match can get your blood going!
Very much Sensible tweet
Much needed from
real experts like u
so glad back & better than ever! this era is going to be one that never forget!
You have a good eye for photography! Your photos are always lovely
Good Night
Sweet Dream
We you too
good morning chloe hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
You can dm me your no and I will add you to the group ws
That makes me so happy to hear thank you
Thanks
+3 pode escolher
Fish and chips again
Thank you very much
kinda wanna surprise some people who see the boys!
Skintight Dresses Are The Ultimate Weapon Of Women
Home
The cars we drive say a lot about us.
PBX 1
Because tired of being misunderstood and mistreated..
Thanks
blocked & deleted want ya out my life.
I thought the decision was this week, but you could be right. Thanks for replying
This is a great photo.
Thanks dear
Someone is having a good Sunday
Happy birthday to the man w/ a plan! hope you have a good day frienddddd
Post training tea-compression with Harry P
Great! What level are you? I started almost 10 months ago
ja das war's
I can't wait
wait to surprise this little girl for her birthday
good morning sara hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Probably
It's okay
Because I'm cute?
Sorry but you are stuck with me
Very happy that you are feeling better. Rest up today
So cute... and their phonecase too.. nj with van, jk with cooky~~
Lingerie on Friday! Could The End Of The Week Be Any Better?
Hope you have a great day too, Sonja!
boyfriends are ugly . K . Bye .
Indoor play for Vinnie & Marlon
Petit passage de dans
good morning kristen hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
So happy for you.
Yes, my go to website at the moment!
be depressed go out and make new friends talk to people
Four generations doing special music at church today Locust Grove Baptist Church
happy with the ending situation
what I said!
Love it
Memleketim yaaa
Awwww so happy Omar you and Melissa God bless you sending love just so great seeing you both
Wesh gro bon A+
My Birthday was yesterday, can I get a happy birthday from you please
love awesome and funny a bit crazy my kind of people
Und Amazon Prime mit Man in the High Castle
Here ,this one only real poll
Neraya vote irku bot not use pannadha Voting poll
Only if people know how was my life and my journey
Thanks
Hey Darren! Good to hear from you! How you doing?
Thanks Halo!
Don't think he's played competitively though so could play for Scotland, was born in Aberdeen
The shit is out of my control. Ima just sit back and drink while I let it play out
Happy belated birthday
Thank you
We can't wait to dig in...a few more hours left
SMILES teachers workshop at MG school, kuber nagar. AHMEDABAD Oct 16, 2018
he clearly needs some alone time with Mrs Zaha. They can each other after another bad result
Is that an invite?
I intend to!
A night full of good stories and memories.
Very sexy
Bish bosh bash
Love u more
They cure all
We are so excited to support setup their office here in beautiful Colorado Learn more about how
Thank you
Je sais pas, j'y ai jamais but it's nice to know
Everytime i see the ladies' standing, i can't help but do a little happy dance
Just ..think of being happy.
Decide now
Be happy
Kris be stealing that mic and do his part lol fak I miss him
Merci toi namjoon army love you so much see you next year
... knock the mullet
It's shameless, the way you flirt
Yaaaappp.
I love the man.
Bum bum tey
Watch it lots!! All I remember is the guy saying oh boy or something as he was whisked away. And I
You're something more
You're welcome!
Great cover! Looks like an awesome show
R350
Was so nice to meet you!! hope I can see you again soon@JessieWallaceUK
Yes, Jumia Fresh operates in Kenya. Order with us we are waiting
you can always retake a class, you can never relive a party.
you know it!
good morning celine hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Cape Town Ereng ngwaneng heading to Cape Town tomorrow
Thank you Jodie
On it
yes i am Sir.
.... ended up at 1oak
Lets Go Together . Im Your Dependent
Can they
My code of any of you would like to add for some Welsh gifts
Thanks Lacey!
found it in 3 parts
Thank you so much!
Bruja cochina Dublin, Ireland
Awe thank you, you too!!!
You have to scroll down to find us but it was fun
What a lovely sky tonight.
Fish and chips again
good morning cassie hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
When you start your day with him telling you that beautiful.
Get your first ride (up to $20) with invite code 'aaront3765ue'. Enjoy! Download the App
Dear Lahore with love
Im gonna go buy myself a promise ring to spoil my mffffff self
Yes we'll have to play either tomorrow or wednesday. They are the days i stream later
Never gets old
same
You have a good excuse
Other than voting thru the app, we can also vote here! Use this hashtag to vote for our precious boys!
What is my nationality? Jewish , Italian, Norwegian, Irish, Scandinavian (tad bit Scottish& native tribe)
The minus the bear farewell tour was so much fun
Not a good sight
Starbucks has a secret menu, pumpkin cheesecake frappucino! if into that share the recipe
I agree.
Thank you!
I hope your family will always give you strength when you most need it.
You adorable witcho Tweety Bird lookin ass thought I thaw a putty lookin ass
& somehow you turned into my HUSBAND we still tell each other everything .. you even bought me a wedding ring
lmao when u know I'm right about love lol
Amazing morning this morning My first time seeing a bittern in flight.
awesome you found someone like that.
Homecoming is such a blur I know I had a lot of fun though
Nice coincidence.
Appreciate it Thank you my mate
Fingers crossed for the car! That road trip sounds very lovely
Awww, i would like this brotherly love with my brother
Complicated mostly
Looking to hearing your music tonight It goes well for you tonight xx
Welcom
Dear snapchat... Please disintegrate.
You sound like me yelling at the tv
Did he tried Halo Wars? It is on PC, and is quute fun!
Aww maybe next time. It will be
hello dear joy you're welcome my pleasurethanks you are awesome have a wonderful sunday
No, please move away from me.
Y'all?!!!... It's My
Regardless where tribal is positioned (region) also have the right reinforce self determination
good morning ashley hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Any hint if will cross paths this season? Happy Sunday
Murdon mein Kyun vichartey hain ?
This is Kogi State University Ayingba.
Look at those grins! thanks for watching Gemma, really hope you enjoyed xx
Oh. Where did you buy it po?
Happy Sunday
Protective style for the next 2 to 3 weeks
.
.
.
Seriously?? Warren, you should admitted that before the DNA test You are such a clown!
One of my favourite quotes in it too, a brilliant book
I love the Dynasty cast
thanks for the follow
cute enough to be seen with in real life
Its oky
An Other Closed Alhumdulilah
And a Blessed Life Ahead
Thanks!
We are quite happy to come & help! Especially my little man That looks yummy!
Church was every bit of awesome !
Good morning
good morning vanessa hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
I'm flying back home today! What an amazing time in Salt Lake City. I would definitely love to come back one day
"I can boogie?"
Choose people who choose u
Rainbow at sundown... what iPhone panoramic mode was made for
Hugs are always welcome! Have virtual one, too!
Still on repeat
love this amazing song
No. Baseball is dying and brutally boring.
Whole Foods!!! Publix has them too in the bakery
Thank you x
Good Morning Crystal
Lunch time
Rose
Thank you Queen Diamone always choosing kadybeauty Mouha & Mina
Well at least two more illegal guns off the streets
I loved you on today. I watched in catch up just to see you.
With & without makeup.
Nightyy
Thank you hopefully it does. I know why but when I was in Kingsville my hair grew super super
Thank you You know how liberating this is
I'm not very good in English, but I hope you understand what I want to say
Disturbing but really cool
good morning gina hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I Iove you xo
I guess I can add robo-bdsm to the list. It's getting long
here now
He is just Harry.
I can hook you up... cool..
Hey is today the last day for nominations?!
Happy birthday to me
Next time . It was really nice
Thank you. Really!! Means a lot so hyped
arrived home safely, tyl!
Well that was easy !
good morning chelsea hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
You as well Harold. I hope it treats you kindly
Haha. Lovely to meet you both too. already starting my homework
Shared on Facebook for you
congratulations on your award!!!
nothing else matters
But if anyone is interested in coming this way, lmk soon
I know guys of your age group that own Mercedes Benz Classic boys
Not sure how I managed spin class today but I did! And I finished my book
You are.
Pasta, & broccoli, EVOO with some pulled roasted chicken over the top! Iceberg lettuce &
One is enough for me
i don't do fast food but hey im vegy too
gracias!
Thank you Lord
Beautiful but sometimes things can't be expressed through language. That's how this affected me. Thanks
Oooh I wait this season is gonna be crazy
Hi Thanks for your feedback; most kind. Glad your happy with everything
good morning leah hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
One the most moronic shows ever. As I would say insult to the
Thank you my friend so far, so good hope you are too. Big hugs my sweet friend.
The most relaxing and beautiful feeling in the world is to eat pizza and to watch a movie while lying down at your bed with your bf
Do you guys have any suggestions of what pins should we be producing next?
Tv izliyorum
My perfect Bean - the cure for my loneliness right now
Ismaila Sarr
Jadon Sancho
Reiss Nelson
All my scouted players had amazing weekends. Super happy
*adds Nick
Just saw long lunch curated by The Zloty Troop prison farm newt with Midwood rapini
A great day indeed
Just wait for the pics/videos
LOL
Excited
Alright. You have your reminders
Have u vote wanna one today? Please vote, we're together as one right? Let's voteee!
vaginaspekt0r: Cock in my hole and a fleshlight to fuck
Yup I officially give up
Mai bhi theek thak ji
Join the club
~
Top of the morning to you Julie never to early for a have a good day my friend
My looks get me free everything
It's a great joke Doug
I vow to put myself first and be the reason a smile on my face every day
...with kindness
good morning danielle hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Finally wore my Filas. They look cute too
I think so I think that is him now though
Smothered in cake
What a lovely place
I'm mortified now that I've not kept count
We can not thank our donors enough!! Thank you for your generosity.
Laura Richards this is for you Business
Ah pity Doug
good morning claire hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Alright. You will have your reminders
somehow you're making me happy, thankyouu
Equalizer oke jugak nih
Stay solid & don't front
Ye to or bhi achi baat hai
Hello twentysix
First female Hamza I have met today..yeah definitely if I ever have a daughter in sha Allah naming her Hamza
Lovely Sunday! Including vegan Yorkshire puds at the Tyne bar
Thank you
finally on a train home, today was amazing
Binance gives free money with airdrops!
Click here:
$BTC $ETH $XRP $XLM $NEO
Also, when Princess Diana died, the people reminded the "Windsors" that she was the one to have had true British blood.
" Congratulations ! "
good morning arielle hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Thank you for this opportunity. Our family got to experience our first football game!
Now, now boys. Play nicely ...
and keep ya hands off my Houstonians!
Yes
The pleats are the most difficult to master. But, I strive to be perfect. okay if a little messy
Cycling 350 miles from London to Amsterdam for any donations greatly received. Please retweet
have to compare notes with him tomorrow
Hi Ed, I just followed you. Would love a follow back. Thanks!
are literally my favorite Church to start my day off to spending the evening watching football with family
Haz Make para
Thank you
good morning candice hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
You naughty
But Telkom is the best network
Happy birthday brother Long live May all your dream comes true this year God bless
Yes, that was also mentioned during the broadcast!
But, if his
Thank you so much, happy to be here with an incredible group of individuals!
Thank you very much!
.@WillEstes101 Happy Birthday!!! Hope you have a WONDERFUL day!!
Thank you
Thank you
Children are so STRONG... nice smile Tony...
good morning nina hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Sunday Shares
The big man in his party he wanted to be Gordon from Thomas the tank , hope you had fun boy
Thank you
You're very welcome!! Hope you're having a wonderful Sunday!
If you don't mind, I'm a blrp too. Hello older brother
Santa Claus just saying Ho will make the event blissful
I need a baby oil bath followed with an oily massage thank you
You in Padstow
Jaguar's Eye is the answer to
Happy birthday to you !!
Sure You know I shut my mouth when it comes to anything legal, hahaha.
Awesomeness!! You're popular too just like Megan. You should be proud.
Yeah I think lol and okay look for it
Love Ramen Noodles.
Message me if you want
holy hell?! CYCLEBAR
Thank you Harry Have a wonderful day
Acknowledged by tatay sounds kineso just what i needed
May pagtili so proud! I love you
good morning kelly hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Well played Cenk
Got my Travis Scott ticket
Update: I got new truck shirts and lunch. actually pretty great
mine were too, here
So slow mate, but hey ho
I am so jealous.
Congrats Linden and I can't wait to see your new show
My first child will also be my first child, in Jesus name. Amen.
Great car, good ride quality, I love my skoda
good morning liz hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Our pleasure Barbara, hope having a good weekend
1 hour and 40 minutes call
I'm glad your rarity is super cute by the way
You're welcome and big hugs back
Sobre ontem, bem menininha
Bollywood Favourite Scene
( Burger Off ) iska tuo Matlab b Nai Pata Muje hahaha
Movie ( Rockstar )
Groom's younger brother o cute nyana hey
good morning megan hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
I stand you! Well today you ought to be happy when you see me
Had Chai also, only today at a Parsi restaurant
Too kind. This was a joint, but your kind words are appreciated.
super ready to:
move out in our own little flat finally
go on holiday in less than two weeks
get paid lol pls hurry
Why we need these old salvage it's better for you guys.
He said, he has nothing to do with my pain
I always have been treated
I'm cracking up as I expected
good morning camille hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Wasn't me who put them there..I have no idea who put them there but I'll have a stern word with them
gdnight too
Beautiful bird, great shot Brian.
Army
Yes, thank you. a great list.
Meeexify
As of yesterday, when you know.....you know
Just maturing pal
Agreed! Plan on comfortable shoes and a decent meal or two to survive with joy and energy
Watching this video alone gives me an Awesome feeling! Knowing how my God Works! ...He'll do it for us all. Amen!
For the love of soccer akere nono aweeeeh mmata wam
Good head on her shoulders like she still in school
Choose the right path
Yes!! Thank you!
A handsome one at that
Massive thank you to and for today's seminar at the academy very
Nooo just give them a jolt with a cattle prod now and then.
FACTS. All my brothers know
Meds & a nap do it everytime
Thank you so much for choosing this music to cover. It made my day. Again thank you
Oh my. Going to be a little bit more nervous than usual tomorrow...
That moment whe you describe what you don't like and some people get offended because they think that you are describing them .
Mine too
thank you!! i just woke up but i got the whole day ahead of me!!
Thanks dude
This is beautiful. Is it simple to do?
Excited to hear you have chosen our new gem for your holiday destination, Carl! Can't wait to pamper you next year
Dick pick rules not withstanding,
Any pussy pics tweeted will earn you princess status and
Nice view! Sometimes nature and quiet is all we need
fantasma.
Say
ji i wish to like a very congratulate to love in suppor for your 15k followers and keep sturgle i'm always stand with you!
ok & why I asked. Ok Im following you now
So I did a short video for my trending jam. Song for every hustler kindly RT
Thank you Paige!
Hope you had a good time seeing the boys!
Thank you! My friends and I are already looking forward to stepping back in time to the 1930s!
You were very happy maobane watsebaKene ke qhazeile paap nje..whatever it is that you consumed, please tell me
Sube una foto
Your welcome
Yes
I never have to lift a finger around this man and I love it
brujita sexy.
oh hi bae
It's less than 1 day dear
Happy birthday beauty
Masama ya
good morning esther hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
in the holiday spirit this year
Brilliant, thank you!!
Damnnn
Both indeed Honestly, never in a million years could I have found a better dog for me. No joke.
great that said that, I value your honesty and openness, thank you
Take note: kpop always got your back
Impacted stitch on pup removed easy peasy..... back snoring on the couch
Do you know somebody who should see this? Tag him/her
-
Would you like to be featured? Do this and we will
Look at her smile . She seems to be so happy
Have a Great Sunday! Spend time with your family and friends
Thank you
Could you let us know which one of the search results is insulting please? I'm not seeing
Thank You
Pasta
About to head to the mall for Go Community Day and some shopping for a few things I need for my Halloween costume. Wish me luck
6 sessions is fantastic. Don't put yourself down!
good morning maria hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Aww... Really? In fact... A long years ago I liked k9999..... So I excited when I saw your arts. love your art too.
Long time no tweet
Do tell me which you decide to purchase after all those tweets!
Thanks Ant!
Hi can u come in DM please ?
You did a great work thank you
We now have over 170 posts to our tag already!! Thank you all for tagging your shots taken
AWWWW MY HEART IS SO HAPPY. THESE SONGS ARE ALREADY IN MY PLAYLIST BTW
Thank you Appalachian Power! 12+ hours with no power surely gives GT girl flashbacks
Pendulum Health clinic is a High Street family practice. We look after all types of patients, old and young.
It was a beautiful morning here Thanks
I like it too...! If you mind, you can share Korean songs with me all the time sometimes I
oh wow great to hear that
I never go to it. Definitely into the hipster coffee places myself, but good to know what the public are thinking
It's our passion
Sounds great! Share what you find out also hope you get to enjoy Stone town!
Good morning David, have a great day!
Might go grab an impossible burger today
Great to see you!!
Good. Night
Awww this is so sweet I 2
Did you know that October is Pastor Appreciation Month? Take time to thank and encourage your today.
I can't wait to get my hair pressed out in January. Eager to see the growth
Body massage
monastery in Broumov, Czech Republic
Meanwhile, capitalism has ZERO casualties
Gotta love Jonah and Emma
try this one last time
Apartment appointment tomorrow
Thank you
Hi, we will send them within next week
OmiseGO $OMG price: $3.36
Register with Binance and receive 50% discount on your trades
The Beach Boys - SMiLE
New inventory coming. Check us out, tell a family member or friend, share our page or a car you may like
Love and light and good vibes back to you
Welcome to
You did a really nice job with the website revision and it looks great!! I
Thank you!
I'm an aunt ! congrats big bro can't wait to spoil her
My day God, You must know all my hopes, very grateful, thank You God for everything
My favourite county
good morning gail hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Thank you
a rumor goin and and what say we make it true??
BTS x Army
We're all pulling together to get it sorted as soon as possible
Good weekend at my god mothers house. And a good breakfast.
Gonna get offline for now. want to get spoiled for Doctor Who!
All kinds of happy still an irritant tho
Thanks KK! I hope you get here too some day
Just made myself some shrimp and grits content for the day
Thank you so much
Closure it is
why you hang out with us lot. We bring a little sunshine to your day
Looks & sounds I like 2 also add in .. Taste is Outta' this world !!
Actors so men played women. They spent years learning feminine gestures and mannerisms. So a woman
Really? Are you? If you are, then that's cool. We're cool.
Monarch butterfly
Pics by me.
Hey you guys!!
Happy Birthday Melindabells Wish you all the best May all your dreams and wishes come true! Stay pretty,
I safe! I a gud swim swimmer an mommy an Grammy an Grampy are all in de pool wen I swim swim.
your creativity never ceases to amaze me
Getting ready for work all I do but off again tomorrow and it pay weekend wait .
30 I say if you smile little it will be 28
yes too many things happened tonight :') even a minute do turn to
Got mine today. It is fantastic
Thank you have a beautiful day
Voted
great
Call centre called and confirmed resolution, unexpected happened. Keep it up
A meaningful song, beautifully written and sung Always a fav
Britta Roeske what else
I like to wear them around the house :) plus I just love making myself socks
my brother bought us switch internet
Stopping now
-> S U N D A Y !* em Shopping
People never change....dont waste your time trying to change them baby
You would buy some in if I was visiting though
Ah! Thank you for responding! I will check them out
Thank you
both very kind. Thank you
On the outskirts yea
I hope I win.
Oh well we all have are weaknesses lol and it gets you through the day
Watching the Addams family on this fine chilly afternoon
The Sun came up
Enjoy your meditation time David!
honestly last night was so much fun, i had that much fun and laughed that much in so long. it felt good
If I could love this 5000 times I would
Voted
Thank you nonetheless!
Happy birthday, mine tomorrow as well
Pardon
ask me anything
I will Doug
yes cool. . . and cute too.
It does take 2-3 hours depending on experience and how long players take!
Wld love a follow sir
Whatever and whenever you choose, I wait
From Airport
Haha, sorry. This one was not for sale. But I can create another one if you want.
How cute is this hat, matches my jacket perfectly
thank you i adore you too you and Geth were so lovely! so happy i got to meet you
This is a must to watch!
What you getting us for lunch
Just let it go, don't let little things bother you. It can ruin your relationship
What a beautiful story,
I love the " Bye",Have fun at the Ball!" So
If that makes you feel better about your unknown artist then go ahead not stopping you.
2018 has been a great year man
it is a good one
Thanks
still here your just grown now
She was just giving the and repeatedly. But I could say, she's killing me You're killing me Roa-ssi
Hallyu Street
You're going to date a few cowards before you meet someone brave enough to love you
thank you for the feedback, we will pass this onto our menu development team
Find your great, you hide your face
The feeling is mutual
Breakfast and Mimosas with the girLs!
Bubble bath, bubble bubble bubble bath (35 Photos)
Tem watts? Tenho sim
yes thats it ..Ashy
voted
Ending this year great and starting off 2019 even better
Arh, thanks Vicky
TY But seriously, of course they have contracts. But they're also
Okay
Thank you!
...what a speech maam...loved to hear those words
If you lose someone, but find yourself, you won;;; content yes I did
Well I was advising her. She seemed reticent about going so I phrased it that way.
You do take some fab photos, love the sunsets, seaglass & beachy ones
We've spent many a happy
about to watch greys per usual
off today, so catching up on all my shows
Here in London is evening already, day was a relaxing - slightly working relaxing Have a nice Sunday closing
Sunday Flex.....Keep A Smile
new phone who dis? .
Please do it ! I will want a print for my apartment and your architecture work please.
This is lovely
I may do that. Tell you what, if I do anything, I'll ask you to comment before publishing
European college student struggle right here
Live strim!
Happy birthday.. may the coming year be as bright and beautiful as you
You absolutely smashed your performance You sounded AMAZING! I didn't expect otherwise Polaroid
ThilluMullu
Me too, and I was still shit.
Blessings to you too Diane
Thanks for the share Amy
How hard my days were before this, i akan curi masa sikit for scrolling seokmin pictures and videos
I will. I always loved that bit. I got the full box set for a Christmas pressie a few years ago. Xxx
Yes. Go to also thanks
Great! Thank you
Follow me on ig.
I'm happy louis noticed mel twice! She deserves it sooo much
Yeahhhhhh wait love Ray Donovan xxxx
thanks very much for RT of my book news
Such a cute tweet
.@RonDeSantisFL, if reading this tweet, rooting for you! Hope win!
Awe too kind, thank you
Thanks. I sure. With all those birds prepared guessing seen lots
Thank you Doug
Let's be friend ARMYS follow me I Purple U
your a blessing for me
Thanks Matt
To my secret admire, my convo will in 2 weeks more. please i need chicken bouquet. Tq
Wowwwwww, She did well and Kris so handsome
EXO
Thank you yes it is
practice makes perfect lol
good morning brec hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
This makes me happy
Of course she does
actually such a lovely feeling when the people you wanted in municipal government win the election.
It would need to be a good one lol
I've seen a Tyler Rose , never a Taylor Rose.
Alexa's making a spellbook for witches & fairies
I've probably had a wee bit of influence on her amongst
Popping in briefly before I have to get off of the internet to avoid spoilers!
Ask me anything
That's what I said yesterday at 4.50
Play him as a cdm don't need pace
So yeah I forgot liking a post that said she is preparing for a cb
No
Then send him on loan abi ??
mi mism@.
21st Oct - Another 8 miles covered, feeling knackered now... 89.8 miles run this month so far!
Just
cheer up everything will be fine
T 192 - Retweet if you are eagerly awaiting for Bcz hogi !!
We support you Liam and you team too ... you have the best professional relation with them
Thank you!
ti.
The former is a consolation for failing in the latter
Thank you!
Goodmorning and happy Sunday, everyone!
I'm running on less than 3 hrs of sleep but sacrificing Zzz's is nbd
Wow yes please
Oh wow? happy for misery? sorry but mean for me
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness if you it Thanks
good morning savannah hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Down With The King.
there was/is no good king.
Hope is for people who do not already live in grace
she's just cute and is on another level
Love it! I am working on building mine!
Thanks me too
Welcome to the north, glad to have you
The a good idea, just not suitable for everyone but thank you, good luck to you too!
Noted
Thanks Dennis
Leaving a sketchbook behind is an worst nightmare glad getting back into it
It really does
MY KIND OF PLASTIC SURGERY Century City, Los Angeles
Turok
good morning daniella hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Don't worry, I got it after the third attempt.
As a Sana stan, what is the most popular ship of her in your opinion? i think it would be saida?
OMG looks so good! Is it your own recipe?!?! I want to try making it now that I have a kitchen again
Lovely Sunday afternoon with the family
You're so not welcome
Thanks
decided going to Onyx
Happy not sure if the right expression but well intentioned
Blanco
Twitter formidable !
On fait un tas de copains
the fact this got up to 50k views is so cool!! baby steps to a big goal haha
good morning lili hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Send a laughing gif to hurt his masculinity
That does sound amazing, but more complicated than boil, put in jars.
If mika won't help i got you mike.
Hello there
That's the spirit .........we are always with you Saina............All the very best for French Open
Bloxx are soooo good Vistas really cool too. believe this sold out already. Get your tix NOW!
Not a problem. I have plenty of friends who are farmers so only right to respect their stock
creates incredibly intricate art using only om#AutumnLeaves Simply stunning
That video cheers me up no end whenever it feels like the world is falling down around my head.
Everyone that pop out yesterday i am accepting dates
I build a fence but still want Chinese
good morning liz hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
I recognise this beautiful view
Sunday is family day.
Road to 100 millions Net Worth (Achievements DotaBUFF)
the tiny house looks good! Congrats! The video was fun
Happy 1st monthsarry my love love Thank you for everything Iloveyouuuu
get there! Awesome positive attitude
Delicious food and excellent service Definitely be back.
But at that point in time.. honey idc feelings get hurt
The sun is shining and the butterflies are flying.
Thank you
good morning ana hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Lovely
Raja I am happy for you... Congrats team
Ride back was even cooler!!
From last Christmas
I promise come out next weekend lol
I didn't get much sleep bc of Worlds but that's okay. Good morning, anyone awake?
Happy trot.
Muchas Gracias amigo
Thanks For Update
Thank you so much Terry, that means a lot
With the help of God all be fit, healthy and happy this time next year
Thank you.
RT Follow me on Instagram
And check out my chatrooms
Dont you always look an feel that way
Great day, honey in her favourite place
good morning daniella hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Knock! Knock!! Knock!!!
May I come in?
I'm beginning to learn! Much less stressful way!
thank you
GOODLUCK KAYA MO YAAAAN
That sounds great Jason, what a great idea to raise money
Watching Jersey Shore family vacation before work
Je tente ma chance merci
.... I think you should make some for us
algo diferente cada
You are invited to mine
Thanks sa time
I'm here! Where's my HUG?
FINALLY SOMEONE SAID IT....
yas I will submit it too!
Best day ever there sorry we missed you guys and hope it was good for you too xx
A buen entendedor pocas palabras!
Saw these and thought of a few friends who would like them , I think
Yes, it is so quiet here (except when the coyotes decide to visit).
That time of year that all I crave is pasta or soup with nice thick bread
Come to San Diego
Go go, fight fight
does Washington State have any chance to make the playoffs? Asking for a husband.
Si, manda solicitud yo te acepto
Thanks for reading.
I love Khalid. Didn't know he has a new EP out. Shukran. Tomorrow will be a good day.
Fav activity
Thanks.
look at you
and smile for no reason
Thanks
good morning miranda hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Home logo Design
I think you love it!
Check out my project: Logo
Visual Studio 2017 has stopped working.
Visual Studio 2017 restarting.
!!!
I love shattering the fuck out of entitled egos
Thank you, I appreciate that
I'm really a fun gf, I even come w. a waterpark
Welcome
De nada.
happy birthday
good morning olivia hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
one transitional form in the supposed evolution of
Okey dokey give you a list
Apes
Thank you
Meet with Me at
mary anne older chick gay fucking naked pool
Sincerity
On my way to rehearsals, but thought I'd apprieciate how awesome Cliffords Tower looks I must go and visit
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness if you it Thanks
Mais oui
Trump the droopy and treacherous is a perfect description. Thank you
Of course! I went yesterday!
"I'm over here with my eyes closed"
appreciate the
Not sure where you saw it was ok with me
He looks orangey enough
When they realise that your vision is not based on a stagnant image
Thanks
Hi there, how are you doing today?
We are really sorry for the experience you've had and please
I was watching it earlier
Lmao hey they all be bad tho. take it
Welcome to my twitter page.
and 73% of all statistics are made up
Thank you
good morning summer hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Oo, I collect data every week
It is
Muchas gracias
the lords day
Thank you!
aw thank you
Love my pjs
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness if you it Thanks
Not wanting to disappoint anyone
Have you had a good day?
All orders for DMUMT are already secured so no need to worry anymore
It feels really nice outside
Day 3 cover.
Today I'll nominate Ms Murphy
No
I JUST WANT TO... HAHA ALL OF THESE CONCERTS WILL BE NUOD NUOD LANG MUNA FOR NOW.
If you got the time I can do something in between Ofcourse depends on what you want und I am cheap too! Hit me up
Thank you
Congratulations!
In a world of arguing & aggression sometimes rather nice to read a tweet just about frivolity.
This is jackson with everybody
It's time to play the moment! 6PM 9PM & on Sounds
Eyvallah
chef para hacer divertidos platos a mi familia.
6th mini album
Pks ou bzwen excite Taioue
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness if you it Thanks
How Many Thalaivar Fans Still Online & Tweet ? - RT
Reached 40K+ Tweets
Aw
Gracias
Fresh fab!
Maybe you'll get back to it someday... (I know this emoji is a violin, I don't have the viola one)
These small details make me happy
Yes he did, but Gus is my favorite
Last photos from of the convention floor and a great TNG talk
Evening stories via ! All in the latest in
just put up some shoes and still have dresses, also anything over 20 is free shipping
If I couldn't be a Dave Attenborough I would certainly be a sloth
It feels really good outside
I love you boo and yes most def!! See you when I get back in town
THANK YOU FOR ALL YOUR LOVELY MESSAGES! Now Pre order my new book guys!!! (Link in my bio) I hope
Your hair is gorgeous!!
Aweee so cute
Let Danielle be your guide through hump day (32 Photos)
Another wedding today
No problem
It took like a week of planning, thinking, and researching, but my characters finally have names!
Oh I did not think it was you that was selling videos and making money...and thank you
I love your documentaries! But yeah, I know you was on hope having fun on
About to drop Jael off to my friend so I can go to the nail shop a hour to myself today
More queen because shes just that precious
Eli Smile
Svitolina, For those who couldn't see the match Petra Kvitova vs. Elina
Thank you
P.S. you are too quick to notice.
Thank you
Emporio Armani He Aftershave as a birthday present
very welcome! Glad the girls enjoyed it
Last pic is from a few months ago but anyway
I will do my best ever
Thank you
good morning india hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
But you're the one and only for me !
Enjoyed having Sadie Robertson at church this morning
Definitely I am nd I dont care!!!
Bonswa Mimie pa pi mal non. Li di m mande w w ye ?
On my way had to take my dog to the groomer
actually BB nhi Dekh rahi iss bar so
Nah Lewis will be fine.
pretty as heck outside. I feel like I should bless the sky with my presence.
good morning kaitlyn hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Kik me y'all if you want to roleplay or just talk
If you love Ed sheeran songs we'll be friends.
Thank you! God bless you
All of them are beautiful But The 2nd and 3rd are more beautiful
Thank you Cay
Me Too
Private
everything seunghyun do is porn
Morningflow, after coffee comes Tea, but first of all in the mornings I start with 2 large glasses of water
I will on 11-6 I like doing it that day
Oh we missed it, yeah we'll catch up well dat cafe wos nice but vewry pricey mum sed, she
Thank you
I love so much! I absolutely love her new haircolor
good morning chloe hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Gracias
I love late games because then I get to watch them live when I get off work
I am chevening
GoodNight
Ah Patrick. leave you to it. Just glad you have the kit you like
Yay
900th
I've had such a great day with at
Going live at 5 PM central US 11pm UK
A little serious, we?
Please stay
my gasoline
fav colour?
Welp get me whatever you getting then
Yeah .. he is so natural
Glad to see good content being commercially successful too
thankk you
I mean besides Matt Holliday
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness if you it Thanks
Thank you Yeah. Gotta be sick in style
Papasa kayo. Advanced Congratulations CPA Board Passers!
My momma called and I was so happy. I answered the phone with the quickness.
tempted
Sam looks so happy
Thanks! Not many have a handle indicating a parallel universe - glad to see this as well. As to
Done! I have hugged that tree many times.
Guys follow
Last night was fun
Thanks
I was referring to the Brewers going on vacay after the game 7 loss. But I need one
Thank you
This reminds me of you,
Looks lovely good morning
Stream tonight at this please then this oke
Even Avalon? Good grief! That's an admission and a half if so.
Ty. Fortunate to have a lot of inspiring friends
Ah that liril girl.
good morning karen hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Armed Forces is CCMS launch pad
Great day today thanks to
Thank you!
Wild Sounds
I hope that this brings more happiness, because you deserve it good luck domo!!
He's currently serving in the army, that's why you can't see him promoting along with SJ
totally fine
I know
Hehe thanks
Um dois quatro cinco ! cute
join you, have a stash of Pussers in the cupboard
good morning ashley hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
totally picturing this now.
A lot of shit irks tf out of me but I keep my mouth shut and keep minding my business
Glad to hear it works for you!! definitely leaning towards it. My plan today is to decide
Vazhthukal for losing the poll.. We did the best but couldn't. Innum active aa irukanum guys..
Think positive
I am not a bad person, but this makes me happy
Living your best life forever
Yo estoy con un Tekkencillo
You left out Saturdays cos it will be raining obviously
Oohh nice. Im going in january as well. 3rd up to 8th
My dawg. Time to make good bad decisions to match
Did you want it in English rather than American English too?
I turn into a real drama queen when I'm starving
RT A Grammy Nomination Certificate + a free Voting Membership !
Thanks lovely
Not at all , open to your wisdom have a good evening .
good morning samantha hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
They do offer a Single Rider Line that is opened based on attraction need.
At the Eagles Game! Love my grandmother and Aunt Marsha
Thank you
Well that was very interesting
love awesome and funny a bit crazy my kind of people
So happy I grew up in the
The best fashion, music & films in my eyes!
And now The Goonies are on...it's
You're gorgeous don't worry!
Sorry not very conparable but came in to my mind
Tara coffee tayo?
Enjoyed my weekend
Looks like an important 1pt they got at Chelsea then, considering Chelsea fans thought they'll beat United
I have a JOI video with that outfit! I always have it with me and I do wear it on cam
if you aint tryna take me onna date then dont hit my line
This has been a good year for assignments for me hey
Look what she made in childrens church
Alwaysss
Thanks for having me on to talk about this
A pillar of perfection
Finished a book and watched the whole first season of One Tree Hill. Productive weekend
They are masters at trolling.
Good Night
Happiest Birthday to my nephew oh how I love you and your mommy so much
Garba night
Perfect. You are amazing Could you just try instead of in
Seriously?
Ringraziamo Ron Howard
just watched The Spy Who Dumped Me, so funny and so brilliant, cheered up a pants weekend
Rickshaw is a better option
Close your eyes and listen to this And tell me how many times u replay
I fuck with the support
Guys follow
Kinda off hahaha I did from bad to worst then like first time get 4/5 I b happy
I will when I have a link that's not blocked in my country
When your phone goes off and not who you want
Same here babe, will make a plan
I need to go to the market and get this fish because going to a roughy kinda night for dinner
Hobii its okay,no rush in getting it all done the songs u've been working on, we all gonna appreciate ithype
add it to my list
Happy birthday
officially done with cosplay stuff for MCM (bar ironing...) so now I get to relax for the week and catch up with anime
You are so welcome
I will do thanks I love butternut squash too
Thanks for coming today
Thanks
Cute doggie
Thankfully I only follow a very very small few
Thank you Pick nPay a job well done indeed
Watching now! It's so great.
Finally OT9
Thanks interesting
not mono related but I really like the song Mixtape especially the lyrics. its very heartwarming, sad but
Did you find a ride? My sister is down there right now and coming back up this afternoon
True
One day going to make a grammy award winning song with
But first I gotta meet him, I know the universe is with me.
//hehe, she's a jack Russell
& for more Videos!
Hope everything is going well with Lilly Hope Clare
Thank you I'm enjoying it so far I love veggie alternatives
Catch me, I'm falling for you...
Get your own coffee maker machine from for $50, and then buy Starbucks coffee. Will be cheaper
Followed
Elefante
Syphon filter sur ps1
Yay!! You play now! How do you like it? I'll add you later.
How it all started ! And soon they'll be in a studio
Just making sure folks fully understood
Melanzane parmigiana was also going to be my suggestion
just make one for a friend
Now that's a good boy, Open wide.
Just outside in central let it fly away! These pieces of made in
Merci beaucoup
already in a box.
Guys follow
Ice Cream Cake era
Thanks Mark That's good to know. You're welcome anytime.
Cc dulasha bossa
I go to CCF . We should go together sometime
Now Happening | Miss Globe 2018 Finals Night!
One of My fav song
Thank you for all the RT's!
Awww.... Thank you dear. Much appreciated.
this will be the best night
Thanks for the UD You're the best!
Your welcome
Hooray! Caution is always good. Keep up the stirling work.
we can do this! You all can do this! much Community from Reading... ( similar challenges ...we need to chat!)
Please read your bibles guys
[ Text : the cute one ]
Alright no probs pick you up in five
Ps bring beer
mad cause I know be successful and remember every pagan that doubted. all good though a humble being
I can look like a bump and still get told how beautiful I am
3 shaving gel. And 52 individual blades (5 blades per cartridge and 1 trim blade on the 2 handles)
You are already inked in ...thanks for your support
ready for next week just because off
I been this happy in a while now
Thanxxx
Wasn't using rapid fire
I had the greatest time with my family on our trip but beyond exhausted!! We need to go back to do what we finish
Aww look guys
Are any of my friends watching the game today?
I particularly like the Gerry and Payne pics
Church was good
GooD night frnds
dreamZ
Alhumdulillah Adopted A Student For His Education
With Our Project Adopt/Sponsor A
Thanks for the replay didn't get to see the game.
Great team night-out after a great be back to in January for If you like to
back to eatin clean tomorrow
You look so lovely Happy
The tradition continues
well, at 6.55 on a Sunday ...
That is a strange but funny comparison
I enjoyed myself I miss you already
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness if you it Thanks
Bring back
We enjoy a from today Tasting notes on
since Sturgis, he has been been in hiding. Probably better let him out again soon!
Kenta he was in JBJ, now he's in JBJ95
Living the dream
Thank you. I feel the same way about all aspects of art in general.
Rumour has it that is going to fly babakeke26 to in his private jet
.
This is an example
Thank you kindly
Keyif miii ?? budur..
I told my mom I'm going to the beach and she went to publix and bought me snacks and drinks
no worries Billy Joel
Great wee trip to today with the inlaws, ninos & great granny Jean treated myself to a new
Guys follow
My 1st 100+ kill game for BO4!
Ah that day I was just exhaustedthat what friends are for
getting a haircut thursday and i wait
Buffalo and Vegas will forever be my home. So happy im back
Silva on the fans again
can someone come w/ me to see Halloween?
Just downloaded StreamLabs OBS and almost done setting it up Is it better than the normal OBS? Anyone tried it
Sorry, I don't follow you.
now who can spot themselves in my slow motion film
hope you've had a lovely weekend xx
I nearly wet myself when you admitted that... so funny .. bless you
Yes and take me with you
Our newest member of the canned cocktails range - Claire.
I have Arlo. This is a good commercial for them .
hi, can we show our tickets on our phones tomorrow for We Are Scientists or do they need to be printed? Thanks
S/o to my girl for the free manicure
How fricking cool
... I met them
Nothing uncle. waiting for something positive. Now Alhamdulillah how are u doing? Ur health?
why cant we have this emoji minus the blush wtf
Forget abt tht ...
Bigbang makes such feel good music I don't know what it is but every time I listen to them I just feel
what im going thru these days
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness if you it Thanks
Thank you for all the RT's!
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Thank you!! It was a gift from Sega actually.
thank you!
Get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off your order
Hope
Just downloaded StreamLabs OBS and almost done setting it up Is it better than the normal OBS? Anyone tried it
makes me so happy thanks for everything
Mono is commin soon
Yesterday I made a few homemade potato wedges they were so good
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off
I found this translation early ... But I don't know how accurate it is ... I hope it helps anyway
Thx!
I was speaking for myself
Last night was fun
There are Friends with Benefits on the other hands there are Benefits of Having a Friend. Know the Difference.
Guys follow
Listo si
good morning caitlin hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Well you should.
always gotta remind yourself, it could be wayyyyyyyy worse
No matter what you matter and you are beautiful
Old ways open new doors.
gonna go off and I start him
No but the ass fat
In their element
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness if you it Thanks
Thanks Jordy!!
Deffo. Give a shout when you're heading up, lots of good places to go. Oh and a few pubs I can point you towards too
think like Skyrim but now I see myself playing as much as I did BoTW (115 hours)
Soooo should be zz top
There is no such thing as a bully on Twitter. If what I tweet hurts your precious feels, block me and log off
Of course
heh. you'll find someone din ty
good morning cierra hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
He has actually! If you search on Google find the audio
Come hangout with me > last live on
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness if you it Thanks
Dm me for my nudes ( Like and Reweet )
glad people like you and are around
good morning amanda hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Thanks
My lock in will be everything! Drinks, vision boards, girl talk etc! Nov. 3rd I wait
Learning about dance in during at
Mmm I feel in NZ now. How interesting
This is why I like you
Chicken stew on the stove, windows open, and cuddles with my guy Happy Sunday Y'all!
Congratulations, guys! We're waiting for your new album next year
Thank you, I'll do my best!
It's beautiful capture
They compliment each other.
Oh thank you
Free Entry! Win One Years Supply of Heavenly Chocolate
Enter this competition
much deserved ....
yes, you know me
thank you
My gf did some awesome fanart of the Goblin Slayer from
North Charleston, South Carolina
because fabulous - hard to say who loves it most - my 6 year old, my Mum or me
D-3! really looking forward to welcoming you all on Wednesday. And worry, we have enough space to
I love you too busy loving me
Canadians never pronounce the T in the middle or ending of a word
Blessed!
And now you can have a bit of crumpet
Alright i try explore jap. Anyway thankyou for information
Alhumdulillah
One Who Helps Others Will Richly Rewarded By Allah....
We have achieved 25%
The Case Is
Might be one of the DMs .... Come and play.
Genial!!! . Gracias
Pumpkin patch with Morgan this weekend
Thank you
Really psyched for the episode tonight! Still about a little less than 6 1/2 hours to go for me!
and whole team of Celebrating
Planning
Catching up after 2 days at the conference I'm on
Calling a 4 year old child a little for walking in to me was a low point of the holiday
Yes men always eager for tweets from
Happy Birthday
Ready to be an aunt
Just realised that this is the first half term not had off in about 17 years
Got no kids anymore.....
Good night
the way it should be good looking people who are horrible can be really ugly!
Looks like gonna get to out at the fair today
There are some good dancers but u stand as much of a chance as anyone else good luck to u both
thanks for the RT
Welcome home
I'm sorry we're that cool
so appreciated as I have been struggling to reach new people lately.
You are welcome
1:30 in the afternoon here Sounds like a great day! Glad you got to read the article, it was
Thank you James
Yay tysm
el masaje
I can imagine
And not forgetting author Les Wilson
&
Thanks so much for 200! Never knew this would get so much support, love all you guys
I will let you know tomorrow after i've seen it
Wow this is so adorable I love your account, i feel like im learning so many things!
That was then. This is now.
Lovely fruit platter for my son Warrington. A delicious treat
just tried it and will switch my phone off and on too fingers crossed thanks for helping
good morning madison hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Now only in Autovia Salou-Tarragona! Thank you
.
LOL!! awesome dude! worthy and you are loved
I finished listening to my 20th audiobook of the year. I never thought I could be so into audiobooks like I am now.
Unfortunate typo there Roy I realise you meant PUBLIC
So I cut more of my hair
Unfortunate typo there Roy I realise you meant PUBLIC
Sorry dear, i didn't take screenies from episode I used 's caps Ask her the episode
Nope
They are Julie, he is my 3rd
Nobody has taken the arc of The Call. You could pay postage if you are still interested?
okay, have all of us
welcome.
Happy birthday
This looks great, definitely going to take my little bug here when old enough
Ur most welcome Maam
Seeing myself do things I do a week ago
Im not good at alot of things more like I'm not good at anything but the one thing I am good at happens to be cleaning and I love it
Thank you! such an incredibly beautiful and meaningful song but because it makes me so
What ima do for my birthday
Great work congrats to both on your achievements
anche io buona serata!
Tom worked so hard during the animal communication workshop today he's taking it easy tonight.
Introducing the girls to finally
Yes same as that x
Kiss her and smile then walk away
good morning brenna hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Happy birthday ....
making some Halloween cupcakes stay tuned. Yes, be making funfetti
Agree. When they claim mythology is a science they mock themselves nothing else
hi bareface!!!
Please vote and retweet
Maybe being lazy will be considered an activity now
\/
/ \
Does this cheer you up:)
All I needed was the love you gave
All I needed for another day
And all I ever knew Only You
Wanna get my babies, make a home cook meal && enjoy this sunday!
Worth a retweet, thanks for sharing yours
Aww thank you and my pleasure
I be able to get out of the door soon
Just asking who feels Happy or like,love to watch Short cartoon videos like this
I knew some of that
The replies are as sexy as BLACKPINK
Thank you
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
Thank you, lovely.
Sunday picnic anyone? We always love going for fun days out with our clients.
Checking tweets
We should have some news about that by tomorrow
be paying loss of earnings and accomodation if not
OMG Caramac I loved that ..my dad always had a bar in his coat pocket and would give us some
Can I have a good girl spanking
Hahahaha omgsh sorry bout that Thanks for letting me know~ and thanks for liking it
Youve made me smile today though x once again
Keep talking forever
I wanna see succeed
I found your new house warming gift
Making a throwback of Daddy Dojin's bandmate i hope they will be Byul's godparents
Love your life you live
Right on!
actually Alex
hey Thankyou
Had a lovely afternoon with lots of laughs ,tales .. oh and Bruno.. of course . .. and cake!
welcome!
waiting on it
Wish they will dance Tango, after marriage in tangy situation only Tango would going to help only..
Cr.pict be_my_BI
I love this song
I was a child of god and stayed in all weekend.
Ha ha! Where do you think I am?
Yep, he's the boyshape! Thank you we'd don't normally manage to do 'cute'!
Take care!
meeting during their to What an amazing opportunity that is
So sweet Captain Sahab
of course! we're all here for the same thing
thank you!!!
Indeed lol
Oh did i miss this?! Do you do any diving? Or would you like to?
Radio was up loud and I was singing along in the kitchen drying the pots Sal... A glorious song xx
It worked in the morning and whole year
Looks amazing
So incredibly happy to have been able to capture this moment last night
So charismatic, funny stories, and got the vip tickets , a brilliant day !!!
Inca's supreme herding skills, came into play here.. just see her go...brilliant!
Yeah I know no other ones .
is GREAT!!!
a happy-ish girl
i believe i met today such a sweet person
Just take a moment to let that sink in
Happy Sunday, Be There!!!
latexdiva walks in Prague) Sex Machines Museum
wait to come back
I am not going to congratulate you
It's become boring to do so
The dark hair, light-eyed girls are here to start your week off right (48 Photos)
Ok I'm stumped lol... What does this mean, what's it pertaining to, & why do they do the months this way?
Hahaha..... Never boring dans la ville rose, aka Toulouse ! Enjoy Florida
Wes, please contact
Shout out to the girls who can eat 2 boxes of pizza and have abs. I eat a price of lettuce and gain 10 pounds.
good morning sophie hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Special events just for fans would be awesome like one off shows or even a fan hangout would be cool
Not far from there.. Eusebi's also offers a very good flat white
Receipt acknowledged
Just making a cup of tea to sit down with
Thank you Barry!
be okay :D just need to take everything slow .
Thank you for worrying about me though
No worries mate
My New Look
That looks delicious
good morning jade hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
it's because you don't have to touch her! Thank you
lmk! I make by order as well!
Strolling along the in during
De rien
From 90 days to 3 years. Agar mehangaie mehsoos horahi ho toh Kaptaan ki smile and 92 ka world cup dekh lain
Oh me too
My pleasure
Very good explanation! VOTE NOVEMBER 6, 2018!
I used to live not far from there and remember it well
My blog on the topic of OBEDIENCE. Do give it a read guys
Check out my post!
Took the spread with Ohio State yesterday. Have to say, being able to watch them lose like that after, was money well spent
Let's keep going~~
we out
The Good Doctor American Series is the best
No worries
Come on you can do it!
it's ok hun
Great thank you
Tune in at 7.45 pm RESULT SHOW so much fun with this group number by
Shout out to the girls who can eat 2 boxes of pizza and have abs. I eat a piece of lettuce and gain 10 pounds.
a person connected with on this social media platform is very attractive and all going to say
Classic as always
Texas but moving to Delaware
cheer up fam! there will be more concerts to come! don't worry!
Awww, thanks for brightening up my day!!
Madagascar the Musical madagascarslo
Ponovitev Ula & I
Fifth performance after opening.
I know
May be an interesting read
good morning sarah hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Thank you ;) Hard decision but easy to live with ...
10-19-18 I love you baby
Thank you
Np! I'm not sure what timezone you live in, so you sadly have to figure out the
Thank you for sharing
Yes Nic! It's a wonderfully powerful lyric with such an upbeat melody... Love it
Bon okay..
LIKE/RT for a DM!
talk! Replying to lots of you Gurdos
Such great memories! Those toy catalogues were always the highlight of the year!
Ah hahaha I see well don't be intimidated yours is better
Dirty blonde with highlights it is. Different Jordan coming November
If anyone wants to surprise me for no fucking reason I want basically all the Jeffrey Star lipsticks thanks for listening
good morning bridgit hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Haha don't be, looks like you got to do amazing things during Igromir
Ifb
Life is good
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Look who we found in the wild...
Thanks for playing with us Zen, hope you had fun
Meet my gf
good morning coco hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
looks very peaceful
Take care
It's beat Day
Aww mate , you ok ? DM me if you need a chat .
Will have to have a look at the footage tomorrow, Neil
only watching the teen awards for little mix!
found the best
Thanks 9K Followers
Help Make 10K Tonight
BY
Retweet fast
Follow all Retweets
Thank you, we most certainly did
we actually get a second one because go crashed like 8 times during the community day. but i got ten shiny
That's a perfect chill mood to be in for listening to Paul's music Mo! How are you guy?
Tell the city bout my love i even post her
Enjoy everything now fellas. Sooner or later karma will all hits you, big, big time.
although 1234 is a cool number of followers... But I'd love to make it 1235.
Being odd is a specialty here.
Get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off your order with
Love you seokji
Always missing you
So excited for this game, hopefully both side play well
Hmm... I like this. Well said. Well said.
Os dejo algunos ejemplos de
You are quite welcome, maybe you can help me in the future
Good night guys, I love you. Well bye.
What a wonderful editing., sorry I know it's wrong sharing this but editing is marvelous
I love how my friends are idiots like me
can't wait to try mine with sj ls
during
good morning sabrina hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
a hit for sure! The kids are definitely it.
he sticking up for Mike Dean, a shit referee - innit bruv
Ohhh k.... he's clean clean
Sybil - that's his 'I'm about to get a treat, serious face
Every time in Kaylahs I see somebody in my family
hey pal nice meeting you super briefly last night! hope you enjoyed the rest of the evening
thank you
Happy Birthday Genius!!! Thank you for being the most amazing leader. iKONICS are so proud of you.
Tiene usted
Come cook for me one day nah. been over 4yrs that I ate ur food
promise it i will wait for it... for sure it'll be on my
We were thinking about moving to Tennessee
look at you
and smile for no reason
Well, hi
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Well deserved after a long shift. Hi Alter peeps.
Day 21: a timely reminder Patience has never been a strong point for me and sometimes left feeling deflated
All three gorgeous.
Hello Looking forward to gig in this bonnie venue
is amazing. Go follow him. He makes my world amazing and is my life.
Any good tv show I should watch ? I like sci-fi/fantasy shows
Thank you for making 21/10/18 a memorable day for me You guys are my life
PS: Good night
Al sana zenci
a stray black cat crossed my path this morning so you know gonna be a good day
I love an early morning productive day
Well played! One of the best innings!
You worried for nothing Well done
latexdiva walks in Prague) Sex Machines Museum
Lit even the word tho like really enjoyed myself
all good thanks lovely! things with you?
over it honestly
I want that chocolate cake
yes yes oh pleeeeeaaaase yes!!!!
Catching an episode of never fails to bring me smiles I
Oh okay. That makes sense. And I know you have anything to do with it. I trying to blame you or anything
Love it Just look at that smile courtesy of
Binance gives free money with airdrops!
Click here:
$BTC $ETH $XRP $XLM $NEO
Keep smiling always young queen
very beautiful look of 50's and 60's heroine
So great to meet at ! Thanks for the excellent insights
Pantas blur.
Come on with them rhymes, Jase! That's right...gotta get our girl to the top. Go up!
Ps & Ai id my game
Can we have on every week please?
Schedule food deliveries when they're convenient for you! Enjoy 30% off your order with this
Sold a bumble bee on Etsy today which has really lifted my mood I hope buyers realise how much their custom is
Remember when he held his hands Yoongi's face became like that
wait to have my own little family and it be legit
Got there in the end
i honestly cant wait to never have kids but instead have a demanding career where my free time is my own
the pics can be seen on my insta!
be sure to leave a like and a follow! thanks
Do you like mythology? What mythological creature do you prefer? Pegasus
We have 2 cats called Whiskers and Smokie, not very original and definitely not friends for life.
blunts and wine and sushi is a good ass Sunday
hiii sophie
This handsome guy is showing off the height he can achieve with his binkies. He seems pretty content to us.
Even Before Opening The Video I Was Confident Will Say This Not A Bad
haha cute. do you attend youth service?
come to this one - hopefully next time
Looks lovely x
Please vote to help me with my project! If you are unfamiliar with the terms please research or respectfully vote!
Thank you
Coming to see you tomorrow!
Melhor filme
On the set of
Preparation for lack of sleep after is born ..
Attending dilema at & learning a lot!!Putting the social into with food pictures
I couldn't go past them, my boy is nuts but so loving
You got your little man in Colts gear?
Always here
Well played
Is Kev out front with the CAC merchandise
You are very welcome God Bless
still in this bed
New post on my instagram. Coloured picture. Check it out!
Chill Sunday at home. Playing some PS4 with some awesome MFC friends and then I'm off to get my nails done!
12 minutes late for work
2/11/18
Thanx John, you're a star
God like!
am soo happy apart from the fact that these little blighters are fiddly
Yay Lithuania!!!
Lists are pretty helpful and just overall pleasing
We're not taking gifts anymore
Never enough! Never, never, never enough
No cooking tonight
Im in such a good mood today
It's fine bro.
Everyone is entitled to what they think.
I've got nothing to prove.
Thanks.
Ok Miss Katie, thanks to & publix coming home with me!! Excited to read
tried and tried but none of them suit me
Good morning loves
Memorable moments. celebrating a birthday at Confucius Institute at University of Karachi
Gnight sweetheart
22
Oh. Striking resemblance in the background.
Awesome still.
I was wondering why you smile. Still a great picture though.
I won't delete it
I can make you some
Hi Emily happy game day am watching it a wouldnt miss it hope u enjoy
Looks bad But you already knew that
Jim Jams on & snuggles on the sofa with my Hector & Beau
So happy I get to be a part of this! wait
after you added your dumbass opinion
Hehe,'m not too worried bout nasty comments,I just see any I get as a challenge to better myself
I think would love this lady
Dresses so tight you'll lose circulation (40 Photos)
Sin city in 3 wks
Lake Tahoe and SF in four weeks
Playa del Carmen 8 weeks
Busy but blessed
I wish you a swift recovery, walf!
What's happening in your life?
Hyejin: Well in 10 years we will all be married
Byulwheesun:
I love the public use of Yorkshire dialect in Wakefield and the representation of both a pre Great Vowel Shift
You are always welcome, Sir Lui.
Thank's din po.
silly baby
frosting off a cake
I wait
What's on your agenda in during
Took half 6-3
matibogado56 en Florence, Italy
True maya
Hope working hard selling CAC merchandise
I hope so
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Arcadia National Park did not disappoint
IMMA MAKE IT ALL UP TO U NOW
Thank ya bestie
Good luck , have a great night
You're welcome and I am very sure that you guys hit the 500 very soon
Awk just working on different projects
Definitely reassured!
Bobo think we look alike i just asked him
Play as much as you want.
Happy happy happy birthday I wish you all the best! More birthdays to come! Close tayo ha?
Thank you for follow, Liz!
Yes still. Dm i kalau nak ye
Now Happening | Miss Globe 2018 Finals Night!
To you too CC
Kno They Gon Hate When We Slide Thouuu
Thank you for tonight ingat sa byahe Godbless u
Dm me cause I love you hehehe
Thank you
I love u mam thats what i wanna say, i love you so much have a sweet sleep with pyare pyare
Please protect our beautiful Hedgehogs, remember they will start hibernating about this time
Good night exols hope all of u can sleep soundly( or not) now
Un bonito M/V making se han marcado con Stay By My Side
I can sleep all day and I really care
Always welcome Rida..
I miss you too man, be back out there this weekend
Not a problem honey
Let me know if it helps
Thank you very pretty too
Thats great thankyou
SENIOR DAY!
Betts Stadium
: Macon, Ga.
: 2 p.m. (ET)
: Western Carolina
:
It absolutely is. Even just writing a sentence within a given frame is distillation
Awwws!
I love your avi, Blaine!
Merci
Merci beaucoup
Looking forward to seeing you tweet about it once you do get a chance to see it then. Hope you love it
Ethereum Classic $ETC price: $9.67
We verified that Binance is accepting new users!
H A P P Y S U N D A Y!!!
Mimosas $6 | Caesars $6| Dbl Caesars $8
seeing 18 jerseys in the stands
a child for not liking fall
TY same to you
Immer
Unlimited number 0.
Hmm.
Imagine betting vs Bullets?
Safe & happy journey
Have a nice trip
Enjoy !!!
Lol i will thanx
hard but fair
Wear em. One of ya hoes can keep ya warm.
We were just talking about him the other day. Glad to see him doing well!
Lovely Loretta! She looked great both as a blonde and as a brunette.
what makes you happy? To make other man happy
Wow Hope you are well now and keeping well !
You can't beat a coffee in front of a real fire
Photo by
I hope you will like Alia
Video by karthik
Gorgeous!
Send me some cute pictures that were taken of you, I would love to do some editing today
Good to know. Thanks
The new Halloween movie looks interesting, but I don't like watching horror movies so I just read the synopsis on Wikipedia instead.
Found out whilst watching a documentary about Aardman Animation that this is one of their creations
Slow but good start to the week nonetheless ...
Thanks William
For anyone who hasn't seen it yet I have 2 New videos out on YouTube!
Check them out and tell me what you think.
Thank u
Sent you a dm
You'll do fine
Met a person that will care you
WENTZ TO JEFFERY TOUCHDOWN! 7 TO 0
just saw your profile and its nice to see another buddy who likes Steven Universe
3 hours from me
latexdiva walks in Prague) Sex Machines Museum
Prague, Czech Republic
Keep us updated. Please
Merci beaucoup
Congrats anna.... Hope for your best with thalaivar
Ahahahaha u should. .At least I know kale that when I come I have clients
10 Best FREE Graphic Design Courses Online -
Thanks for featuring Alison's in your article, technologynews.
shout out to jesus for putting these 2 fine men in my life
i see what ur doing for others and i think finally doing that for me
But I'd like a signed photo
thanks for the ReTweet
It was really nice to see a td celebration
Haha.. wait
Love them!
Sameee..
I saw the light gradually
Coffee ti wa online
That long ass nap was needed
Oops, I'll be going from Ilorin on Wednesday morning. I guess we'll meet at the camp, safe trip dear.
It can't rain all the time
> It's an American movie quote, so meh!
Thank you I think I already am
Thank you
No, he looks gorgeous as it is
She dribbles like her Uncle Ed!! Go Emily! St. Patrick's School
start this week off right
Wrong continent fam...but we will correct it in the next generation
If you could have a theme song for your life, what would it be?
Goodluck boi
Got my pair
Just like how you find Juvia cute.
Right now dea I cud jus eat my lil Sunday lunch dea wit a Mackeson, shofay wit my man and K.O!
Take care
I'll buy you some fuzzy socks
Hi Michelle what are you doing there today ? Looks like a lovely day green and sunshine a great day
Doping good thank you for asking fam
wait
good morning china hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
moaning about my weight gain and eating a whole dominoes pizza and garlic bread to myself in the same day
Aameen
Lovely
Good luck to both of you.
Takes grandparents out for breakfast, orders vodka to drink
thank you
Loaded eggs and pancakes for the win. Get you a girl that can cook.
Pretty much. There's been several injuries. Just waiting for Dr Who to start then it'll be silent.
Myriad colours of this wonderful friend whom I've known for a decade. Least I could do was to create these
What an amazing weekend roller skating, family time & pumpkin picking in Kirklington
good morning lauryn hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
I love this question! I think I'd like to be Giovanna Fletcher or Amanda Palmer
your friendly bi neighbor
Our highest award is Bharatha Ratna
Good morning to you as well!
FACTS Calling and checking all you hoes cuz know who tf I AM...IDGAF
After the XP and that awesome celebration, they lead first 7-0! Ahhhhh yeahhhh. better.
Ha! probably a reason that never caught on.
If you enjoy it. That's all that matters. forget them.
Thank you
maybe you could just shut up if you have nothing good to say amirite
its when i want or none at all!
That local milkshake that's what I want...
The preacher said you; gone win a Grammy & I; believe him I believe God prophet so shall I be established so shall I; prosper
Your lovely in that black dress
Love to hear Rubab late night
TH to all my new followers
Noodles has a beautiful smile
Having someone say, make me a better is one of the greatest compliments you can receive.
Need to start sending people what I want for my birthday
Sunday afternoon naps
20 years
You should know by now I do random!
Why not Exeter? It's more likely than Ghana...
Kim Taehyung x Paris da
Cr.agirlinthepark
Absolutely spot on thank you
Thanks very much Edmond
Just wow!
Don't tell me, these lines are yous
So glad I made you smile
I hope you had a great day
Guten Abend
(Bild: 2/7)
Ich tagge: Jeden der Bock hat :)
good morning caroline hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
can we get Fayleigh, Chris, David, Dex, emcrae, Swayleigh, and Cockstar for BB21 please
You're very welcome
What happened? Btw... Get well soon
Surbhi strong ho rahi hy
latexdiva walks in Prague) Sex Machines Museum
just a game and OSU is overrated anyway.
Ich tausche ab und an mal aus
I cant wait to see this scene, good to see its outside
Tem um no meu domingo
Cute, but it's no stompy parrot
I ready to be wife
In during
Are you missing your beautiful son Papa Tuan? Hope you'd see each other this Christmas.
Girl Power
I will
This was me yesterday. And I'm also a 6.
Ok thank you
Merci
Happy birthday i hope your casino trip was
My job here is done. I'm proud of myself got to finish it
My 30th Birthday!
It was a very good day.
Love him
21.10.18
Impossible to answer that in a Tweet
Hey there
Nice way to start the morning
Well done Nursery children, for a fabulous half term. Enjoy the holidays
Good morning/afternoon.
Tune in for a good word. Be encouraged.
Church on my IG Live - same handle.
Thanks
Fair enough. I'll send a link of mine later tomorrow. Feel free to nick some.
Lovely
rain...sun...wind. Happy Sunday
I think I want to get a couple of mermaid pillows for my sofa
This couple are friends. Lovely
Yeah really good watch the original first though
One More Try
Such a polite young girl
Thank you
good morning ainsley hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
taehyung-ah, my mum said we're both skinny and should eat more
Aww thank you
in a really good mood
No. But if the treadmill was on the plane it could...
Steak & mash potatoes for dinner
Still early.
good morning hannah hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
do that this evening cheers. (Had planned to send you a message about ott in 2 weeks this evening anyway) you going?
Buy one get one free rn for the rave my friend. Split it with a buddy
lisa is almost ready
Our highest award is Bharatha Rathna
Shawn is so awesome to his fans and is the sweetest actor I know!
these two
Hello, Mike, I love Elliott Smith, I follow you, please follow me, be happy, thanks
Content de t'avoir revu
have to look that word up in a dictionary
Good Morning! Hopefully everyone has a great time for
i just started playing 'infamous: first light' the aesthetics are 100% my thing and the protagonist is
Hello, Mike, I love Elliott Smith, I follow you, please follow me, be happy, thanks
Kayla can spike it and we like it (31 Photos)
Me too.
Yeah, that's what I mean lol. How cool. It must be fun
good morning hayley hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
I love when he snuggles up next to me
Spotify. It's where I discovered you actually.
Al Top!!
bel vestito
thank you ate pat!
A7la 7ga eno ana Rag3a elnaharda w fakra eno 5laaasss Mafeesh assignments wla 7ga w ytla3ly presentation bkra
love to
Thank you I say no to a chocolate
It's been a while
We have to rep what we sell.
Missed these guys
A proper laydeeee
Midnight call
Cheers shiv
Hello, Mike, I love Elliott Smith, I follow you, please follow me, be happy, thanks
Cracking ideas, thank you!
New logo
Yeah I could, I like seeing the raw materials used. It's very different!
Merci pour ton avis
Mario Kart through the wii, PS1, Super Nintendo, Megadrive and the exclusive Switch n Shoot! Come join us
Welcome
Oh.... thank you so much... I sure hope -and believe - it will
Thank you even if just a few people read it, I hope they know they alone in this crazy world
Definitely bro
Thank you
Hello, Mike, I love Elliott Smith, I follow you, please follow me, be happy, thanks
keeps saying he visited But did he go following rituals? Or was it a journalist's visit or trip?
I got a job at Baptist Downtown. be pickup only, so be there sometimes
Thank you so much for your donation! very much appreciated
I'm going out tonight
Bugstrahlruderchen
We have lots of things in our home from WaltDisneyWorld - how many things do you have from holiday?
Me too
A Deva song I love, sounded familiar on recently discovering Colonial Cousins
kuyil pAttu kEkkudhu
You are a shining light, Anne. Thanks for the smile
Hello, Mike, I love Elliott Smith, I follow you, please follow me, be happy, thanks
care if you believe
coming later with the red wine
mini me
.@efeatherston wait
Hahaha....so true
Arjun we are proud of u hero
What a beautiful boy
If united win, you won't be spared
Thank you, it's very much appreciated
Omgggg the innocence of a child is really the sweetest thing my heart is so full
Happy and blessed Sunday to you too, Melissa.
anytime lol
Actually more like late 80s
/
Merci
Thank you, been resolved now but good to know out there.
Church was good
Well now you can be! We ordered our shirts on amazon, and then went hiking! Lol! Instead of wishing to be, just be!
Football season is over so root root root for her team (32 Photos)
Thank you
I look forward to it as well June! I did have good first week, everyone was very lovely and welcoming
if young starts I will slit my wrist
Congratulations
Hello, Mike, I love Elliott Smith, I follow you, please follow me, be happy, thanks
so jealousssss. Have fun and take lots of pictures!
he used his finger to show the 31th Goldendisk Awards.
Lots to be proud of and she looks fab in her kit!
I wanna get to know even look my way
Mamaya na immersion ko hihi just curious & excited 'bout it
If you want to chat about stocking us just email sales@bareknucklepickups.co.uk
But can make one any size
P.S. It makes me want to read comic books cuz I'm starting to fan girling marvel heroes
the billboard skit
It's good exercise Marigold
teach me sir?
Thank you
They sure don't like it up 'em
So glad I'm off the next 2 days, I have stuff and things to do.
On est toutes en attente
Course you can
good morning sasha hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
I have to look up diminution!
Pilla ra cover song
Releasing soon
Keep supporting Nellore
Yaaay wait
Dr Who time, back later
yes! we covered Vygotsky and the ZPD quite a bit in my education master's program
update: a cramps are gone !! idk if it was the hot water bottle or me watching videos of jungkook hip thrusting
Can't wait to see this with my baby
Thanks BUD
Level and flow is down considerably compared to last weekend
good morning ashley hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Ohhh, I'm so sorry for you, I hope that you'll be diagnosed and get treatment. Please take care, baby
50/50
Always gotta drive extra careful when I see my dad bc this deputy has it out for me
I don't catch a 100 IV
But I get 1000 bonbons
I just watched Hocus Pocus. It can be Halloween now
Be brave, be vulnerable, be you!! Love this article beautifully written by Katherine Ledger
Also for the time being we ship worldwide and can make an order custom for you
Cat got your tongue? (57 Photos)
ask for number
De buenas?
Huzzah!!! I'm there too today, beautiful day for it, congrats to you both and enjoy
This angle makes him look a bit on the lean side .... hoping he is a well fed cougar!
good morning jackie hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Congrats Gary. A well deserved award.
won- remember that you gormless remoaners .
Congrats to both!
I know what you mean . It is cute
Thank you so much to Soufiane who is another New Friend on Twitter! I hope you enjoy my Tweets
With you on that one.
Feliz
No worries thank you
Hello, Mike, I love Mark Lanegan, I follow you, please follow me, be happy, thanks
That's ok pet
So pleased you liked it I was panicking as I sure if put the baking powder in! Your
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
proud of you too!
Where would one find said writing??
I'm sound
Thankyou hun , and thanks for everything
Affirmations
Mind the gap Monday is bitter sweet
Thank you!! Also thanks for everything you do to support BBCAN!
I Have An A In ETHICS, Y'all Just Don't Know How Happy I Am I Be So Ready To Give Up
Hello, Mike, I love Mark Lanegan, I follow you, please follow me, be happy, thanks
Thank you. She does, just awesome
Just got the ticket ,11:30 start
Will try to share them tomorrow
Im flattered
He's adorable
is calling my name
You're welcome, Alan. Oh you know I will. It's just the way I roll. Have a Sweet Sunday.
Thank you
Loving this series , finally finished your book thanks for signing it in Dundee
Well worth it tho!
She raised a fine man! Happy Birthday to your mother!
Oh! Two of my favourite people in the same tweet
Agreed! Just love blasting them loud in my car!
I dah dm
U know' i starting to like u
At less we cud more thing or two.
Happy birthday to The Creator. You have me life and been getting on your nerves for 25 years and I hope
thank you!!!
Happy birthday love! Hope all is well with you! God bless
Hola mi voto es para de en el gracias
Merci beaucoup
We can cook your brezz dear
Well deserved.
Lol, good one
No I don't
good morning willow hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Irreplaceable
Dropping and babies
thanks for following
Goodnight
At least Moomins are safe
SIR forget about our contract that play next to you tonight
Life in mini, chocolate and a beautiful autumn view, perfect moment
Ahhh the cellies are back
Thank you steph
happy that you did! such an easy fix to make sure everyone feels comfortable so
2 hands sakin
Congratulations to team for all the success.
Now please just release the Hindi dubbed version
Coz she is straight
I think might be my favourite TV programme. Ever! The Autumn special is just magical.
I'm gone go to the doctor after my 6 weeks with bells on
Ask and it shall be given
Your faith will grant you your request.
Work at it Dow
well you are a so Nice Voice! Great!
Yes
So many reasons to smile
Feliz mamis
Physical copy of Into the Madness is on work NOW!
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
Thank you! The world sucks out there, if demigods don't support each other are we really Camp Halfblood demigods?
U know' i starting to like u
At less we cud move thing or two.
Me gusta la mota
Happy birthday untuk hanbin oppa rl dan semua rp nya
And this is for you Neal oppa
feels good talking to someone you talked to ina while
we all
I love each and everyone of
The Goonies is a classic film
Merci
good morning jamie lynn hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close ur eyes I love you xo
Thanks, Antonia!
So true "outer beauty fades, but inner beauty is eternal"
Nothing compares with the colors of Havana.
.
.
.
.
Yeah what have to do. Thanks for the advice
Domingou
Hello, Mike, I love elliott smith, I follow you, please follow me, be happy, thanks
Watching the goonies!!! love it
I'm tired
I'm stressed
I'm sad
I'm trying to be strong
But I am
good morning britney hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Go vote for the Best picture
Vote on my Page below (new post)
Thanks it's certainly a bit of a head turner
Ahh. That's cool.
Hope you have fun with that one too
If it ever does crop up again I'll keep my
Yarn for my afghans. Crocheting is my therapy!
the love of a dog is amazing
11 and still counting
good morning kendall hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Only paying 25% of the rent. This place is going to be perfect until they move me out of here. Super excited
If your going to do it ... do it well !
You deserve her hun
Bought myself some snazzy jumpers to cheer myself up
Totally agree! Trevor project is completely fitting and the perfect choice
Stay ready, and you won't have to get ready
Well plenty of fans like me still hold you in high regard too
Well, a pleasant evening (again)
Evening all! Here's a fun fact, you can follow me on Instagram at
Thank you!
Blocked on all social media wont be getting your last name and child support
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off
I know I know, maybe when I visit ? If you guys busy let you know
i volunteer to babysit
Prosecco, chocolate and in
Health insurance specialist here to help you during open enrollment just direct message me and I'll give you a quick quote!
Thanks for making it! I guess you can tell a bit excited.
none of your business sir
Of course haha
Good boy PD Quest, job well done. I was telling people about Stella today.
If you can use a stand willing to go as long as you need
Sorry, the blog was just a little confusing. I'm happy nothing will be stripped from current account function.
too short!
Yeah and thug is way better than that trash. Goodbye
Lindsey, l wish I could meet you someday! a huge fan of you
In a good mood today , sending positive energy to
once he learns a martial art he wont forget it, so dont worry abt bjj, it's still his addiction
First of all, I have no idea how me and my friend got tickets but hey, WE DID Ticket sale was like the hunger
Dear teachers,if I have a missing assignment in your class just know that not going to turn it in because I strongly dislike you
That's good to know
Really loving how this is set up. usually a night writer but having this community helps me try new things
Cool thanks!
good morning selena hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Thats My slover. He always satisfies Me. I make sure that ALL My slaves do !
One sided love is little bit different.
Just want to fast forward to the weekend, so I could be lit & happy with my friends
I really like talking to you!
Yeah I'm boarding the plane now I went to the concert yesterday and it was so amazing But I
Hello, Mike, I love the Cramps, I follow you, please follow me, be happy, thanks
is that you?
Dw all love here
Thanks Alison
good morning emma hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
No I mean this one, she wore it earlier this month at the V&A museum!
Gracias!
Oh dear - I put looks in twice
For you lovely - feeling like tgere has been a lot of smiling today
this so true
Anyone wanna free vacation? Come travel to my house, I need some excitement.
It was the name Bishop and me kicking the C... that drove me to it Mi Lord....
Thank you
offline
mau fokus nugas
Is it? I think previous seasons are better than this season
Mine too lol .. hope you have a great rest of day Danny
good morning chyler hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
I love this dude his videos make me so happy
Beshak
Hahaha I can feel your runners high all the way from here!! It really is a great town
Thank you for a delightful afternoon
Go forward in faith; a bigger plan ahead of you, all you need to do is trust and look up
Dear girls *-*
- He is not a playboy
- He is not an ATM
- He is not a driver
- Not All boys are rapist
Respect them
Kon
good morning melissa hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
My mini novel in Wattpad
Do read and support
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
Just imagining begging someone to transform me into an object
Wowie triple thank you Debs
Flavourite!
male-celebrity-blog: famousmalenude: Manny Gutierrez *aka MannyMUA
Ok then fine..
Saw you finish today
I remember that
M going to make a snapshot of this, with ur permission of course
good morning caity hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Glad to hear we got your order to you on time, Alex! ^KJ
male-celebrity-blog: famousmalenude: Manny Gutierrez *aka MannyMUA
The feeling in that back bend is amazing!! The high becomes addictive
Welcome to twitter.. cutiepie
13
Oh excellent! Enjoy the race
You welcome. kindly follow back
I think gonna go get kountry kitchen
One of my absolute favourites - still really going strong here too
really awesome I remember the video he posted
Merci
Definitely not you,
Beautiful run Tony!
Enrobed
good morning danielle hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
The g spot is in his ass.. lets not take that wax so easily
Pls sack him so Conte can get a job. You know what that means for Hazard
Do something about it.
it may be but it is what I really like about you xx
you look cute with them and they fit you
Well I hope you take action to end her then, sure succeed at it
This is how you shaku on that beat
Thank you
Just got approved for my first apartment on my own!!! Now to patiently wait on January.
Ladies afternoon out! Happening in The Rotary Hall in Larbert on Saturday the 27th of October Magic
I mean ... single
good morning kiersey hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
And I quote tweet for reactions
Scammed Amen o
you have too. I find that seasoning packs add the flavor looking for without using a massive amount of salt
BTW feel free to check out my wish list linked in my bio if you feel like getting me a birthday present
Only 6 more left
Hey Guy . May i just say that sauce is actually pronounced 'Wuster'. I know! The
My pleasure! Can get buy one get one half price at pets at home at the moment.
.....
Watching the sunset
awesome
You be hated for having an opinion
Awww thank you I miss you so much
thinking more than a cold at this point. Feel better soon
Looks lovely
Hi sir I am your huge fan of your I hope aap ye msg ko dekthe ho aur like karthe ho
Merci beaucoup
Yes
She did take a bullet for the party didn't she or was that for Ireland
Shropshire, UK
and 21
one fine ATCO is all we will say at this point.
So
good morning tessa hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Food
Thank you for your answer!!
I will await the online sale with patience
I like your illustrations very much
I just relived old days babe. Memories
Awesome! Bay Area repping. Please come say hi
Last night was the BEST NIGHT had since I moved to Morgantown
Oh its ok its all good!
good morning evangeline hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Going to the beach
Thanks Roger.
Hello, Mike, I love theCramps, I follow you, please follow me, be happy, thanks
Excited to finally read one of books.
Aww this is so sweet
Glad you arrived safely in Auckland! Enjoy the next leg
Hope you all are having a great weekend
Merci Amandine
Best of day were spent on weekends. Especially w/ him. Every seconds really counts.. Good night
Currently in line at Qdoba
Looking forward to seeing you too!
good morning karen hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
There's been some spooky going ons in the salon this week.....
Hello, Mike, I love Mark Lanegan, I follow you, please follow me, be happy, thanks
Yes yes!!
I should mention on here that I now have an Instagram too! wth_isagigawatt in case anyone wants to follow it!
Great feedback Pt pain free during second surgery praising the team making them
Solo te falta I RM . Enjoy Madrid
Viteeeee on veut le match la trop longue ... bon match tous
Good Evening and Good Night
Might just copy that idea in two years time
I got: Nailed it!. Guess I'm super smart :P via
there you go
Good morning, hope everyone is having a wonderful day.
Alana i would love to use this as a profile picture, but I want to ask you first since your photo
Thanks. have to take another look!
Oh lovely xmas
some great memories here
And proud
Doctor Who
I'm good and I notice you haven't been on here hope everything is great with you
Hocam bune
I bet. I wait
My Grandad is just one of those decent human beings and it's great to have him still around
Meng, thank you din!
You never have and never will block me so good luck
Thank you so much!!
You soon get used to binge watching Though I did find myself taking my time with Hill House, wanting it to last. Enjoy!
Thank you For sharing
Yadi the new carrying sling so much he get out.
But it's him. He's our groom at
Unterwegs in
really here just minding my damn business and glowing.
That would be nice
Mine is 0
maybe. Lets see if you're worth it.
Packing again story of my life!!! New start and new beginning onwards and upwards
He'll never find sleep at night.
Malatya gezimiz devam ediyor
I hope the ballgag and ropes being put to good use hehe
amazing like that
please visit us in London next year
NOT: HAYATTAN
A company that understands the value of proper skincare is one I would lay down my life for. Yay to thoughtful fake gifts!
Yo??
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Oh I see. So I guess buy the blue one. Hehe. Thank you.
Ohhhh na we have to
Your welcome
take plenty of snaps for yuh
To play/celebrate their music like this is just magical and top artists legends only can do that.
Pizza ce soir
Thanks
Gracias!
Muito obrigado
Thenku gudiya
Gn sd tc
No Problem I hope ur having a good day/night
Smells so good eating chicken at Gus's World Famous Fried Chicken, Memphis TN.
I had my mom pick a bias, and she picked Tae
Believe Yourself
Hopefully everyone is having a great day
Never received one however never a munter Josie in fact the other day discussing with friends?
Thank you bro
I really appreciate reviews like this
Watch this space, there will be more opportunities
Priguicinha de Domingo
I actually love the "dad-joke rowin", but.. i also love giving him shit but dont tell him
Majestic beauty
When happy it shows
the same way ... events in recent years help remind me worth it too So are you
A lovely thread of parallels
I never chop Sunday rice... can I come eat you???
Loving every curve
Ps. My camera quality is shit thus the blur
Goodmornight!
Always
Happy Sunday to you dear
Yes, that be me, and thank you for the kind words. Cheers,
Wow! Thanks for this, not many Packers fans give us respect
Super excited for this panel with and at Kumoricon next weekend!
Awwww thanks so much Laura! Glad you enjoyed the content
It looks Purdy! I love the hair too
All I want for Christmas is a full sleeve
is someone of you nice enough to make my 4-6 pages internship essay for me?
Happy sunday guys
Dm me to order urs now!
Have a lovely week ahead
Stay
I LOVE to
Lol, you are too kind mate
Lols! Yeah maybe. But think harder. I hate watermelon, Irish potato, and so many things which now are my favorites
Love God; God; Love & David too
She came back to me today
My 1st Primary School outing was here.
I'll be watching 10ish after Formula 1
I'm wit u bub. Other than the videos
Every cloud has a silver lining
Just bought two tickets to see and for my birthday. I need someone to come with me
Thanks to follow me
Uai, flnd
Hepinizi bekliyoruz
Creative talented people are the best Aww she is so beautiful Chris
there's this one d stan in hoodo's mentions that i really wanna drag but im a changed person
Y'all go on
spread code Dee to buy some sunglasses For 20% off
Hey ! Here's my channel
see if the Browns can ruin another Sunday
All About Yoga Pants
Thanks for your input, I love hearing theories from cardi-enthusiasts like you
Oooh no way!! cool, ima check it out! Thank you
Home Alone.....the best film to end any weekend!
Bless you. Well done babe!
I think you can! Go emoji style!
The first few Laika movies (Coraline, ParaNorman and The Boxtrolls) might count! They're a ton of fun!
I think going to try grilled octopus today
IFB
Two sugars and a drop of milk please
How is your Sunday going? Me at home with my family prepping for the week ahead and ready to change my life
Woke up feeling thankful
Taking time to make my soul happy en Riviera Maya
Mi Chris Adorado MUY FEELIZ CUMPLEE 32 NO SON NADA JA PASALA INCREIBLE EN ESTE TAN
In bed, as I promised myself
OK the singer has crucified the National Anthem, see if Lewis can deliver
Im back
She looks so proud & happy
This gives me hope
Such a memorable night with my hunny and closest friends
Good morning!
Thanks check iPhone wallpapers pack 10
im so glad Taehyung is enjoying France...
I just know he would...
I wonder if he visit other art galleries..
Waiting until Christmas I was hoping be this week.
This scene in one picture.
My view of this scene.
Thanks, it was a lot of fun!
I told you this was gone haunt you for life
glad to hear he made it okay!
make sure to feed him lots of unagi
Thanks
Someone at my job decided to spread the love and positivity! And it made me so proud and happy
I live in Bournemouth in the UK!
We're so blessed with such beautiful spaces on our doorstep!
Not really helping so much, but yeah thank you
She can't call you but i can call her
I have a 2 day week next week
23. Physical touch
We're back home, family was happy to see us, grandma was very happy And we're struggling with food coma right now
I'm following
No worries Yaseer! The onus to assist rests with us
^Imran
Thanks for the lunch kouj.t
Love this design! It's actually my favorite movie!
Well thank you
Let me be your bag of chips
I hope it will be less than a week Calum, I want to see you back to your normal beautiful self
So lovely to chat with you, and meet your Jessica today Matt.
Appreciate it thank you
Binance gives free money with airdrops!
Click here:
$BTC $ETH $XRP $XLM $NEO
Cuties! Your eyes are so pretty~
follow her, please! She's really sweet and worth your follow, also follow her people.
Naughty-fications
I Stan too many idols buddy
so many times
He is so lovely I love how he loves/lives arts. I hope someday he can do whatever he wants (travel, going to
Hey Amanda thanks God bless you hope your keeping well I am fine at moment just chilling out
HI AWKWARD, I'M SPONGEBOB...
HAHAHAHA *insert Jin's laugh*
HI
we've just hit follow, you should be able to now!
I haven't heard that Sarah Louise, maybe just the usual gossip going on. Just hope they're both happy
She's like a fresh air in the industry I really miss her!
Regular heron spot that bridge.
Thanks
Bonne LV ET TOUS
Thanks for a great evening! Oh that otter brought tears to my eyes, so wonderful. See you next week.
This weeks wedding was mine A massive thank you to Sophie for making my dress, I absolutely
Lol.. Blocking spree
just found out that drake & josh is on amazon prime movies and made my Sunday ngl
Thank you
Awesome suit! Those eyes!
happy you enjoy ... nothing can be more satisfying for a husband than this !!
You have to come to xxx I'm still not good at yelling but Steve is a great teacher
All the best bro, hold marriage plan for you. Advance congrats. When u will accept her proposal
As long as you smile for even a half second accomplishing my duties
That Twitter heart could not be any bigger
En la historia
Kanshi we are there already
True that
Ik
Aww that's SO sweet of you for saying that THANK YOU! You're amazing! (btw I love that gif )
Wtf... nah watch the office and thank me later
Step 2..and it smells Mmm good! Nothing like freshly homemade tortillas
Collection agent... Agent Bairavaa naa oorukey theriu
Thank you
Thanks so much Jamie
Thank you so kind)
For your captioners: it is w-h-o-a NOT w-o-a-h.
Hi Anna, yes I did thank you very much! Lovely to hear from you
good morning anna hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Because going to let me take you for dinner why! Lol but you are beautiful x
Yasssss!!! We are there. Thank you as we continue to take actions, if we don't who will
R E U S S I E MERCI A TOUS
Fair is fair
Hope you had a great time. It looked wonderful
Yay, i hope you confirm for vca!
looking for 1 male roommate
Near NU, UE, FEU and UST
P1,700/month
Pm me for more info!
Onye oma Cy
Otito diri Jesu
Boa sorte para vc tambem Wesley
Healing thoughts too
It is estimated that 8 out of every 10 Nigerian churches sang Narekele mo during service today
Did your church sing that song too?
Yeah ide delete that comment bro haha. I know you mean well
Jordan for the penalty save - nailed on
If someone comes around and gives me a feeling that I like then gonna vibe
i'm glad k*lios is in the audience to hear that
Thanks
good morning rose hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Watching and it would be great if Canton Delaware III got some more episodes
Thank you cuzzo
Now just happy asf stress free smoking my weed
Ah, I see. Baguio is a very nice place.
Anong year po kayo unang lumabas as a Television Actor?
I've met a very friendly Boz Boorer today and was very excited. (He even took the photo because my arm was too
Schhhh time
I'll take both please
Dr mon choux
abeg wetin be the next line you talk, after the I gotta bounce..
e be sound like polish
If you let the media see your goods before i do , sorry lil baby not interested
I just bought the one and only copy at Waterstones in Exeter today.
Looking forward to reading about your adventures!
wrote this episode of Doctor Who? Oh boy is this going to be good
This woman's work is great
Whey Aye Man pet
Thanks
You'd look great together.
Good Night
Sweet Dream
Neend Twitter sy behtar hy...
Thank you
good morning kim hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Enjoying
it works in porridge too
If anyone finds a water or pygmy shrew please let me know!! Thanks
do i have to buy a on the event brite page for that? or is there a donation page too?
AMEN
Thank you
Got my tickets to see in concert!!! wait
Thanks Jane! keep posted,more celebrations to come x
Just woke up, I slept in more than I wanted to but it was well needed
Good afternoon everyone
Watching The Vikings & Waiting For Pizza
You are a wonderful person. Thank you so much BryBot is the one I appreciate the most
please send with the other idiot abroad
Oh damn good that doing better then, hope all healed soon
You should
Yes, she is!
Enjoy your break lovely
This is lovely
good morning clare hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Bora retocar o bronze?
So of course doing nothing again today but homework
Binance gives free money with airdrops!
Click here:
$BTC $ETH $XRP $XLM $NEO
At book club so excited about being in book club even if these books are depressing XD lol.
This is very sweet. Thank you so much
plucked them with tweezers while watching tv
So ~N
One of the funniest (and sweetest) moments of the tour so far. gets
Love hearing things about me that I even know keep the shit talking and rumors in high school pls you just look dumb
About time this was said, good on you Tom...get the ball rolling!
You'd happily go dutch with Zara Holland (25 Photos)
..Thank you
home! a new version, so my ears bend sadly...But happy to be authentic and home! so happy
And I seen some of ll add now to my watch list !
Hey there! The team is looking into this. Please hang in there , we'll get you an update as soon as
good morning alana hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
No worries hun. All good.
Get delicious vegetarian ingredients delivered straight to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh
Of course!
To be clear, if you would like to host a book exchange party in your area, please send us an email.
The cold weather has finally arrived! Here are a few tips to make your home feel more cozy!
Cozy Living Room Tips
This tweet, "HTC_EmilyR TexansCheer HoustonTexans Hi Emily happy game day am watching it a wouldnt miss it
Take care.
I hope everyone has a good day today!
This has made my day!
Thank you!
This is koko work,no support needed
Bella has gone to her forever home
sorry guys, we will have other things on our mind then!!
good morning bae-thany hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
C'mon the other side of Hazard is still available. Try get him ffs, other part will arrive in due time.
don't let yesterday take up too much of today
EXO is using the cube since 2014...ratitas don't know anything. Thank you for support
Good thing I get my hopes up
Here!! And very excited
Sooo cute those ears
Sorry Peter, I read the comments before posting .
De nada
Not me, I was busy checking for off sides
I always reply honey! so welcome! Thank you
good morning samantha hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
If we lose by 29 or more, deal
wait
EEEEEH I cannot believe this is happening! I am attending Cam Casa 2019!
All the butt touches
Wanna help me out
Abit of fractal art in the background of
cool she dropped a gem and you callin me boo so content both of have a blessed day lol
Thank you Frank! Glad you like the different sound
[ Twitter Uptade - RM ]
Gracias
~Carol
thank you !!
5th
Please check your DMs.
I feel that way about any one referencing NPR for facts ...
thanks
Enjoy your Sunday evening Excited to find out what the next week will bring xxxx
Back to my Hobbit marathon.
Competition now closed. Names will be double checked and I will announce winner shortly
Helped my mum to apply for a renewal passport online today, easy to follow and slick process! Nice work
Thank you Eoghan
Say that to the amount of retweets
thank you for understanding me.
Goodbye It was great! Thanks to all the organizers, speakers, and attendees.
If
Thanks! I'm persistent, if nothing else
I'm not planning to sit the exam, as I can't afford
My mom
Was that the best fest yet? The last ten days have been jam-packed with inspiring, petrifying, uplifting
Lamparitas decorativas
Caption this...
good morning yara hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
so refreshing to talk to someone and not feel like you need to act some type of way or be up each ass like !!! *sigh*
Sooooo is sold out YOU know what that means :)
Yo mates
Just wanna say that am rebranding myself it means new music new tastes... So Keep sharing and
tym niech pochwali
Wat a nice name indeed
Love you valuable, Honored, and appreciated
Mine is kinda yoongi mix Jimin...
Escucho ofertas como Head Coach para la CRL 2 NA o EU, RT / I hear offers for the CRL2, I would appreciate RT
good morning josette hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Good afternoon
Just to delete your tweet okay ,just shut up and go to sleep dear
Thanks boo, I love it
I hope we can expect update this week in which will mention the movie release date
Muy bien evento gracias
Fields of gold
Ohhhh right lmao, thanks
About to have some
too Thanks for your support today!
A beautiful thing
Fair enough.
LOL! Italian Stallion! Love it!
//sending positivity your way.
i present to you grayson and ethan
/\ /\
| |
good morning jade hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Thank you
Everyone's so calm! Very proud of you pups
Fresh as daisies
Oggi possiamo vincere
Wwwwwwwrrrrrrrooooooommmmmmmm
I follow them, I like to see review videos thanks!
u should whats the meaning of it
and guess whos getting drunk again tonight
Yes, I have set up a meeting with the class teachers and I have read the policies on the website!
Turkey
I believe its everyones weakness
Ekdom tai, Kolkata asha o hoy ni shei tpmader shonge dyakha hoyar por, Dec e ashar icche aache
We have 11 so far. 5 hours to go
Good evening
I wish her a very beautiful home
I woke up just to see if the Bears are winning and they are.
Hate wounds like that - hope it heals quickly for you!! Enjoy the Netflix and cuddles from me
Thanks for sharing
The wait will be worth it! So will all of those delicious cookies!!! (I am super excited that recipes will be included! )
Thank you
This is such an amazing cosplay! You look so much like her!
good morning aubrey hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Mani and pedi with mommy
You have absolutely nothing to be ashamed of Laura.
I guess it should! Have fun in any case, I hope you meet a lot of awesome people
Its really good especially Terry Crews.... just try it
Such a beautiful kitty
17-7
Good. That's what his dumbass get, get em lil mama
Dont mess up my tempo spoiler
weareone.exo
Survival mode will kick in, once you are in need!
Comforting?
hope you had a lovely weekend Kate xx
Check out my lovely friend Maxine's page it's an honour to be of help
-admin Cj
Thanks for your reply
Thank you Twonjex. I'll invite you
But I love being cold
I wait for a new unit
good morning mollee hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Thanks Senator !
Kpop star, here is a tutorial
I do the same but the opposite direction when I need something from the uk.
I have it on ch5 now Doug
the day I get my life together
This is so cute - such consentration and not even sticking his tongue out
Where is it happening darling I want to see som'n
gonna be an aunt, AGAIN!!
Please add me.
Thank you
Things I am: chubby, cute, nonbinary
Things I am not: willing to let TERFs keep breathing
just such a lovely person
Add me on Snapchat
Are you sure you were watching the right player
Very beautiful, it looks really nice on you
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BITTTCCHHH FUCK SHII UP a real Bitch mfn Birthday
Thank you, I own about 5 Bibles and I read it daily.
Soju Bomb, cheers to a great week ahead!
decorador/a.
Home Alone and a hot chocolate before work one of my favourite Christmas movies
My followers are growing yet i still dont know what ill be posting
Not when he became one of your best friends
Your internal compass works better when you have the North Star to guide you
You need to find it...have I ever steered you wrong, honey?
Feelings found bb! happy to know from you ; vs a few more seconds of camera on you.
Good afternoon everyone
Ama bro
First, I'm guessing you read the full conversation and my stand on the matter
Do you
You look amazing.
good morning ashley hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Dont mess up my tempo spoiler
Lol I would never
UWU
When are you coming?
sorry, Katy. Glad you have Twitter to help you bent. Hoping you swiftly recover.
Bitch you built like a lil caesars bread stick we threw the old beds out we got new beds ... go about your day
" who I want "
a vegan festival today, lots of food! Lmk if you want to come
I'm glad , because I live without Japanese TV ( Nico TV etc. etc. ) in my Country I
Feel so refreshed the man again
You're really cute. Are you single? I'd love to take you out. Thank you, I am. And thats really nice hmu
wow. i want to be like this someday
Praise the Lord...we can watch it in peace!
Sympa
Unas chelas?
Aww thank you!! I still talk about it yet but for sure would grab a drink if in Nola!
Thank you
Hey guys, top of the morning to you lads! Jk up morning? going to keep asking until someone actually tells me!
Just in case anyone wanted to know he break his ankle unfortunately but karma will hit you like a bitch sooner or later
Everything about this
Dukhi Atma Transformed to Love Guru lol
YES, I'm pretty good at writing romance as well.
It's more like a
Now, that's a knee slaper
City of Britain
How big am I
Good morning
Seeing Sydney succeed makes me SO happy
now that how they must sleep
got beautiful angels
Great style
Oliver made his own sandwich today for this weeks homework with his favourite patrol
Post dinner drive
I thought there'd be 2
Like Rondo, i don't have any respect for my peers, I'm just not gonna spit on anyone lol
Its fine. It was overwhelming.
Orange airforce
So cute! I have these lantern but done anything with them as creative as this. Your house looks really charming.
Yes that's her
Yay!! Points Thank You
Quiet day at "Williamson World" apart from Kaitlyn making a noise x
time
cuteness in being smiling always is the best...ever..keep smiling always like this Pooja..
getting rid of the toxic people in my life , is such a breath of fresh air and blessings
my lil sister like now that Aj one bring her to me on the weekends
You are welcome
we can make that happen. DM me
love to! But gotta line up for pics with
If you need something hmu
I know I can be overwhelming, but overwhelm you with my love.
Ah Derpy's employees !!
I know I could count on you
Good to have you with us
Termine mi trabajo
Thanks
In an Uber heading home after visiting a friend
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
At least to dream is for free you don't have to pay for dreaming. I am a big dreamer
Thank you for subscribing
Super I'm waiting
the theater is so full for The Hate U Give
I doubt that too cos kill a bitch
Ah okay, thank you so much for doing this
but I'd say you should probably stand up for us.
stand up with us.
and we'll stand with you too.
we're really fucking good at it.
Thank you
GIVEAWAY CLOSED! Winners will be DM'd. 2 new giveaways coming soon!
-
Open WORLDWIDE
Giveaway for
GIVEAWAY CLOSED! Winners will be DM'd. 2 new giveaways coming soon!
-
Open WORLDWIDE
Giveaway for
Good Evening!
Hope you're having a great day!
When the cook so you can steal meat from your own pot. Making Sunday curry goat
GIVEAWAY CLOSED! Winners will be DM'd. 2 new giveaways coming soon!
-
Open WORLDWIDE
Giveaway for
Thanks
hope you can follow back
Hello it's nice to see u, bangaptta Jiheon-a well the case is (( ive slept and just awaken to work on my
mad ass bitch I can pull up to his mommy house.
Thank you!
Are u going?
I've seen my mans who isn't my mans the past 2 days and i just wanna be laid up with him rn
How you doing?
Happy b-day Charlotte Caffey have a gr8 day & a Awesome new yr. enjoy !!
Emojilerle
Thanks you as well
More smart. And no, they aren't. Keep making fun of those states
Oh I know how lucky I am.
Nobody does...a lot of raw natural beauty here
Well, AutumnWatch is over and it appears 80% would've preferred a home brew version thanks to everyone who voted.
Lets go eat
not upset at all, just pointing out prices here compared with other states. Move here great state
But you are best gifs ever, best photos ever, no drama at all, I like you.
Your ass is real hot baby
Thanks lovely
Who wants to adopt happiness .. Pls give them A hoe and a family
Unfollow me
happy birthday, love. May this year bring you success and happiness and everything else you desire!
rewind
Welcome to the Ligrid!
So happy you're with us now! Check out all the
Finished!! Queen Kath is really lovely
My 2 year old daughter is now 4 years. So happy
Congrats boo
Midnight Train to Georgia. Cool.
GIVEAWAY CLOSED! Winners will be DM'd. 2 new giveaways coming soon!
-
Open WORLDWIDE
Giveaway for
I am have to finish that thriller book tonight
Bring in white rhinos!
YAY!! Thanks for jumping in, you rock.
Btw love your new profile pic
Thank you
Excited to see you tomorrow
Lol.......
But youre so sweet, you cause diabetic shock
Maine dekha hai bola Maine well ghost matlab harmless spirit
Listen , not my fault you had the pleasure
Thank you very much!
Hey babe off to work . shooting a music video with Neyo
Funny thing is. You totally can do that.
Congrats Mr Ted
..... Later po...
waiting for CPALE result Goodluck mga ate kuya
all drink lemon and honey tea together and get better
Guess I have left out that smiley face after I said Was aiming for
Such a naughty, but courageous, observation.
BatGirl.
Taking a break midterms are this week and I have to study I'll be back probably Thursday or Friday
Congratulations to Hayden and Stephanie!! both CSC 3 years in a row!!!
how's your evening going back on here if you get a chance
How many yards?
actually:
Hey y'all
Same
I love sweatpants & hoodie weather
Just the truth
Hopeful! That these last two months everything will fall in place and make sense miss you so much
I wanna be that cat
Ah no surprise that a December woman too
When you know you got a sweet one for the rest of your life
Wew thanks
low hanging fruit.
It's the little things that mean everything!
I came out to the kitchen this morning to have breakfast and my
Of cupper soup
been perfect so far!
....so are PR-company collabs a thing?
You heard him put out some more seasons of Henry Danger in the future
I reckon Welbz is thinking of elbowing him in the face
Weekend over - Back to the day job
Seeing all these smiling faces is the best!
Only a couple weeks left of
Share a pic with the
I'm a flop but hiiii
One Million Dirhams is the grand prize.
Following you on Instagram as and
Thank you
looking forward to seeing the pictures too! had quite a lazy weekend!
ok
Follow ill Follow Back
2FazT-
Top, bien
Lovely evening with the future sister in laws movies, ice cream and mouse trap
The goat.... he's that llama
This shot is everything
Maybe try mixing it to start with
Satan is funnier than god and jesus.
Hi Tracy....sending healing vibes
it. My neighbourhood
Right??!! no need to thank me the truth is out there
Thank you
Enjoy it.... peacefully and chillin
When will i ever stop ruining my life at tailgate
No, no. I was really thankful. Im just not used to it.
Tiny4K - Teen blonde Bella Rose makes her man burst for the New Year
Got to love a late comeback win! Tastes so sweet!
Count me in
our little bar for now till we buy our home
Thanks dear
Whatever his name is (turns out to be), he is hella cute.
And he is rather unique too, as I have
Erm slept at 4pm and i JUST woke up.... and a flight latur????
Yesssssss well done mom
bonne
Twitterworld
Hi, how long should a refund take on a return? I sent jeans & a jumper back on the 8th of october. Thanks
You know that you drive me crazy
I'm ready!!!
This so can't make deam forever and known with like one things...
Thank you Brian
i think Keith kissed Shiro.
It's the Earth of our country, yes?
Thank you
The beautiful who is celebrating her birthday today
I meant that's what they do in general
Thank You !
pretty boy
exactly
i'm glad you've found the page resourceful!
Oh my I'm excited
If you are a Buhari supporter,
Kindly comment, let me block you..
Dublin, Ireland
thank you for following Have a nice day!
believe how far my has come! Started off with just the necklace and now 90% done!
This girl is very, very talented at flips and sh*t (Video)
Thank you
I have boobs and I can cook beef vegetable soup on a cold windy day
I think you overdosed.
You: Putin is a peaceful man.
Me: Here are
que nadaaa
Have a great day namjoon!
Thanks anyway!
Thank you so much!
glad things are good with you and the kids and yep i'm fine just working and doubled my classes to
Why would anyone moan at you Gilly x
Dinner date with my bestfriend Thanks Gare lateup
Birdies!! Is someone interested to join a ahgase group chat in KakaoTalk?? Everyone is welcome you just have to be ahgase
Dominguito
If you'd like to help me out in a simple way, here's my Ko-fi
Hope you're having a nice weekend <3
Send us an email! 750 word minimum for the blog. Start writing!
Happiest birthday to my fave human on earth Alam mo na mga wish ko for . I-celebrate naten to ng sobrang
worth it
Babies bring so much happiness into your life. enjoying playing w/ everyone babies.
Hello. Big fan of your work
Can you please remove sunrays coming from behind in this picture?
Right back at you girl!
Thanks dear...
Have a great week yourself Andy x
Shitty ass while im at 42 weeks youll be just at 41
Bye Bye
, Thank you amico, Good night amico
Time for from our yard.
This makes me happy
Merry Christmas ya filthy animals (50 Photos)
Congratulation to both of you
Food and a movie last night with my niece Mary
familia unida y feliz.
Thank you for this amazing tweet
Great watch today toff pmsl with the conversation on snogging...keep smiling
This with Karen Mann
B tarde
Aw thank you. But gonna go visit Reyna and the baby in a little bit
Hope your Sunday's going well. Nearly Match day x
Then we can talk about it
And ugh that suxks i hate when they do that for no reason
And I'm glad you did tho
You have quite a few fans in the office who would love to have you drop by here too
Beautiful!!!! I want more
Just did my candy shopping for the month! I'm excited about the Red Hots because you typically can't get those
Are you an optimistic person?
Watch & Learn from my Mentor
Then you could be my older sister Since I'm the only girl and the eldest
looking for jobs in different states for better opportunities
Thank you
For your sincere words.
happily take payment in the form of a hug and a beer one day
Lovely smiles and, I know from experience, fabulously helpful and happy staff
Such a good weekend , !!!!
time for the Twitter chat with Use to join in!
Thank you! I was really happy with the way this whole number turned out Now I just need to
Thanks Chris
Mines! Sorry go grab him real quick.
Happy birthday
He is gorgeous!
Jo tampoc, malgrat que ho intento
My said so I smoked a j instead of a blunt.
Thank you
Keep more strong enough ainul huda
See them in Glasgow wait
Life decision
Thanks! Me clinging to my youth.
And this is a part time prammer old
Back in the audience again waiting for as excited as last time
Hi hi :) , I know you are not doing good for today , but I hope you are well and enjoying , much love .
Thanks Thomas
Now tour in taxila
Feeling to much tired
Nightmod on travelling to Taxila from Faisal Movers
full as shit lol and eating kettle corn
So distinguished
555
I ship you both!!!
That sounds like a nice day Liam! my Sunday has been good thank you
You know who is next right
internet issues and other issues but getting back to normal! Well kinda...
sleep well and sweet dreams, ucing cantik
Lol... Thanx
did a little photoshoot with my sim
what do you guys think?
Am here now.
Anyway we never discuss anything sinister or illegal. So nothing to worry about.
My everything she is turning 6yrs next month
If u guys find people or brands on Instagram posting about Meghan/Harry pls post them on Twitter I like "liking" such posts
Gracias
THAT'S MY BABY
Lot 5A Fab and festive snood for your pooch! Choice of 2 sizes, you choose if you win tweet all bids
Good evening
BTS has both so no problem for me
let's be friends!
talking about hair too
Just remember no in
Please Update the ranking thank you
Most welcome sir
Happy Birthday !!! Enjoy your training free day God Bless!
been so spoiled with food and hugs from my family happy
You been being all studious huh that's dope I admire you taking that on
Love this!!
Oh okay
Nice one - thanks, Kitty
thank you for sharing
nice to feel special
May these be the last few weeks I can respond to this, hi .
Use your smile to change the world. let the world change your smile.
, Thank you amico, Good night amico
It's totally the blood pact we said I have plenty of screens which seems to confirm it
We need to see that together
a CURE kind of Morning for me!
You go wrong when you have the CURE!
Happy Sunday my friends!
Cheers!
FUCKING GO brownies I got faith
Sunday-Funday!!!
And the BEST FISH AND CHIPS IN TAMPA
still up on the official Facebook page. Just scroll down the page to see all the Facebook Lives from .
Yes, and thanks for following me.
im glad theyre spending their last days in paris going around checking out stores and exhibits and prolly sightseeing
I need a header
Maine Jo fact hai wo bola
I have
Thanks Charlotte
no no not by far. A lady doc. Sent to jail 2day for 1 day. Bail refused.
You should be hearing it already
Yea, I guess so. Thank you
Just followed because I love GOD brothers & sisters lets see your smile GOD loves
Thank you for liking
Tired of being nice
good morning hunter hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I Iove you xo
This girl is a fucking DOLL
I mean seriously. Just look at those eyes
That smile
And that gorgeous hair
Done!!! Winner announced in a second
If it's already closed no need to worry
I loved it!!
Also me
a therapist and have been rubbing my ultrasound all over for weeks. Anyway, keep up the great
any sunday streams or do i have to wait until tomorrow?
I trust black women over misused polling.
All her EPs were amazing and I played them out as well so expected
Very beautiful photos of you Tina
Me too! It was my grandad's
you just love birds
i cannot wait to see my future plans become real within these next few months and then the next few years
Dora the Explorer discovers Donegal Errigal Mountain Donegal
Happy Sunday
Good evening John
good morning saxon hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Just finished watching V Live ( V & Jhope ) and it made my day waiting for their new GIF
Wow he is an inspiration. He ran 10 miles! I am pushing to walk 2 to 3 miles a day!! Way to go
Ya tengo listo mi altar
It's late. Please go to the bed soon, child. Sleep well.
Thanks Sinead, glad to hear that
I love you too! I'm glad I was blessed with your presence this morning
Aunty come lemme press your bum bum
Thank you Emma
thanks I'm so happy
Oh how cute
thnks 4 d Info grl oh Srk's Riya
Sometimes it's the simple things that bring the greatest joy.
Remember to appreciate the little things that put
Oooh I think read The Foster Child, good. I like Jenny Blackhurst. Yes more friends is always good
Tryout today. So many girls trying out ! Good luck baby girl
at USCA Convocation Center
I love the fact, James Woods, that just a regular guy... famous. being famous
It is a lovely school
good morning angelique hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
wait
check that out!! thanks
not so bad, no snow
To have the peaceful one
Last week
It's late. Please go to the bed soon, child. Sleep well. -Ssi
How romantic lovely
He was really feeling himself
"This is a brilliant episode of
The biggest monsters are the racists
More of this"
Yep, I'll take that
Well done Ian, sounds like you enjoyed it
Hope you are doing good and have a lovely evening..
good morning mckaley hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
U such a fucking HOOOOOE I love it
Goodmooorning
Eating biscuits as well
Pray for people around you more than you actually pray for yourself and see Gods goodness
Amen!
what if bts is collaborating with adora..?
Thanks Obama!
Salamat sa 4 years of friendship let's keep our friendship strong! HAHAHAHAHAHA
LOVE and his crazy dancing. He will forever be to me
No problems! They debut on the 29th check them out
Thank you Fiona
Slowly getting to grips with my new Hotas setup for Star Citizen. Very happy boy with his new toy
thank you
are my favorite
Mi foto Caleidoscopio de Webcam Toy
Woot Sunday!
Jerry protecting his boss lady!
That would be great
Haha, what fun!!
good morning anne hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Thank you
Possible snow, in the North at the weekend, just in time for our visit to the Lakes, bring it on.
That's what I thought. Smart move Johnny.
Thanks
I couldnt find an eminem phone case I liked so I made on online
As a Buckeyes fan, I'm and cancer sucks more than a loss in football. Keep fighting
Told ya! Universe always finds its way (:
Greetings from And let's
PS. I had to eat
Finished! - New mixed media original is the right 20cm square
Black Panther is the Sunday night movie and of course I'm watching it again
Seeing them smile makes me happy
Obvs
Our enthusiastic and entertaining Guide, Rob at Bamburgh today
good morning eliana hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
There's no weed in my blood today.
My daughter is the same to my closest friend
hey iMessage me
Hi it is still avaliable.
Thanks a lot Luan
(Hope thts ur name)
Congratulations on 2 years
he is so adorable and they always smell so good
Ans for this tweet ya nanba
Hmm but kabhi kisi k liay hatred b aaty hy
right your girl is taking over for the week. Follow me on there to continue reading my lame tweets
thank you for the
but not you.
As I swallow my Yaz.
sunday mood : waking up at 8 to put supper in the slow cooker and then going back to sleep until noon
Still on this
Good evening
I like to make soy candles and take them on my travels! There's no better place for a
I did it!! Now I'm giving my resignation letter this thursday
And I hope your day was equally successful and not at all unpleasant
If you are still on campus come for me and go together
Can't wait to be alone with you.
You're always welcome. For the success of event
Aw thanks. I'm blind so my husband posts but glad you enjoyed it.
P * N
Planning an underrated book video
What is your favorite underrated book?
Mine is probably Made you up
Sunday night comfort
.
.
.
It was brillaint. Jack can't wait to tell everyone all about it in the morning!
+ adventure. it does make sense to me now that i (almost) fully understand how sagittarius rising
2:10am Good mornight
We're glad to see you enjoyed your day! How will you now enjoy your glass?
thanks Evie.. I hope I would lol
2:09am thoughts
Jollibee Chickenjoy Spicy and Yum burger
Thank you so much for the balloons, I've never get any celebration for my birthday because everyone
happy birthday to Jack and Jer!! thanks for being great friends and always making me laugh! have a great day
at the cheesecake factory
Absolutely gorgeous picture
Today on Simulacra: We meet a lovely internet star named Cassie!
We also meet a less lovely guy named James.
on YouTube
what a baby
Lovely
Aww just read your note in my parcel. Thanks so sweet of you! Will definitely check them out
glad you got to meet some cool people
She's using fenty
you all have good things inside you and you are very special in your very own special way
and if you think
so happy that and won their first titles
spent really lovely day with hubby's sister & family shocked to discover my 13yr old nephew is now taller than
pls support ya girl by buying 2019 Keepsake Planner
Available in pink, mint green, brown and black!
Thank you, and yes I do
I don't know what's going on but... Ur welcome
i also wait to start buying my ppls christmas gifts
2019 Has A Lot In Store Excited
Heyyyy my friend
Chicken Run
UWAA THANK YOU JEAN ;0; I made sure to have snacks, meals, and water breaks ily jean ;3; SQUISHES U
Awwww thank you! definitely be here
Chris -you always get the best jobs. One for the memoirs
Hmm thanks for ignoring my fazool comments
I felt like a little kid. I can officially die happy
No problem... We need to have a United front
Prego
Your lucky this is why I love Twitter. Twitter is better than Instagram
Muchas gracias
Chubby cheeks isnt he the cutest?
Couldn't have asked for a better Sat late post
restaurant & beach lounge
think everybody loves it for that reason
No actually the ratings went up
I You More, JGran! Today and Every Day
He is so good if he had 4* skills moves ohh would be even more better
Neither is Shirley
Thanks
I thought Ray was your Wife!! Either way perfect for you. you two have some good chemistry
It's wonderful. Sometimes quick paintings are the best.
Omg you will love it, I went last year & hope to go back again soon, heaven
And they sliced 5 hours from it. I feel like am kid again waiting for a game to come out
been great!
Excited.. and nervous! All welcome to attend/pre-order/ just send me confidence boosting messages xx
Hi Hayley, we'll drop you a DM so we can help you further
Found My Name Twin
Was just waiting on your report!
My first T3 toon after playing for 4 months
We know Penny thank you
amsterdam was loud too! i think he was very happy with the last concerts at least i hope so...
Guess who just won a key? Can't wait to start playing!
Thanks for the raffle
If its your birthday then,
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU
Hope you have a great day and spend it with your love
Bitchinha bonitinha
Ugh 2 followers love that for me
Had the best birthday weekend
can you just say for me pls ?
never more happy than when I am watching this film.
What are made of.
Woody approves of
his fave.
What a cutie
La del poste
It's a 3-tiered Java web-app running on Oracle database
Excellent response. hopefully Marcus ends up in a cold dark place.
Added macOS Keychain support to OpenConnect.
Not really perfect but works.
Ice hockey at 4pm and home in time for the F1
Currently no.. but I think there will be soon
gonna be so fun seeing what people make
This is wonderful!!! So proud and happy for you Wished I could have bumped into you but
I just love ending My day making My dickless wonder cum all over his undies and lick them clean for Me
If you
I think gonna interact with anybody today
Te caso!
Grapefruit is lush! So refreshing!
Tant mieux
I think its time to go back to Apple
much more expensive but higher quality
Great Deals for a Great Cause.
GET YOUR HERE:
Great for your family members
Thank you so much
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Awesome! My universal healthcare pays for mine
They look brilliant have a look next week cheers carol
Likewise
Thank you Cali!!
What beautiful autumn leaves you found, Tanishka. Thanks for sharing these pics!
Good Morning Hikee!
How are ya?
Get delicious vegetarian ingredients delivered straight to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh
Its brilliant! My son is living not far away from it just now so he is there every weekend. Jealous
I love when I can smell the soap on my body
good morning sarah hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Appearances can be arranged just email
If I could afford a puppy get a toy poodle bc sooo fucking adorable
Shoot it for me sir
You underestimate long term fans - definitely Angela Piper aka Jennifer Aldridge
Por supuesto
Yes, it is not training like I do, yet But been great! He complain and gets
I love you soo much harvey stay bless good night sweet dreams
i thought you had a boyfriend? sorry i dont mean to be rude or upset you Not anymore haha but still pals
I like coconut milk and recently oat milk in coffee! Both are good substitutes.
Hain its ok bro. I dont mind anymore
Wish you all a beautiful evening
I'm really looking forward to seeing you again
Someone has too lol.
Morning once again! The sun is shining where I'm at so I'm ready for a fun day of productivity My goal for
Beauty with brain.. Sbki bolti band
for sharing this today
Im not mad you just sound as dumb as you look now blocking you stalk me another way weirdo
44 miles for me this week of which 16 were running
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
Everyone deserves this kind of joy
Happy Sunday (with no sarcasm this time)
Very true. the way I saw it was I was still young and didn't have to worry about money, so I
Halloween w/ the fam in a bit
After
Hi do you give away complimentary copies of your books? I wanna read your signed/ autographed book!
Howdy and good evening cheers, thanks darling ta chuck was good and now a relaxing evening pleased yours was to xx
Fell asleep there for a few hours and when I woke up and saw the time I was convinced it was 6 in the morning until now brain=fried
Rose gold & pink sweetness yay or nay? Let me know in comments
Had a great weekend with loads of fun Thank you very much to
good morning mirai hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Just had a long talk with my aunt and I'm feeling a little better.
Kindly follow back
excited to make my children wash the pot I make ugali in
doin what makes me happy
Muchas gracias
Welcome. I hope you get the jersey
Thank you in advance
I will
I need a screen protector and case for my new Xmax lmao
We know airportrumours,good enough for me
I know you were never serious, at all
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
Oui
thnks tumhara naam mere Mom k naam same h
just stopping Bi
God is merciful, He will come through. You are NOT alone.
oh be sure to accept it!
I miss our stupid fights
She just has to look at me to feel better!!!
Find Bo
Thank you Jesus For Caring Friends
Follow RT MG+10
good morning gracie hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Me and bae are too poor for this
Sunday funday is here!!! Come say HI TO MARY AND TOMMY behind the Main bar 2-8pm and Miguel in the back bar
I think it is - marathon and 10k on same page
He's the best
Thank you
But cute.
Bye Germany, bye Europe! It was fun but going home to my fluff! Can't wait!
good morning hales hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Hiya it's been lovely thank you we've had gorgeous weather in Bristol! Bubba is good, though we're
I wanna marry the cake
show one when I see her... Mihlali is a 9
Need help?
And still turns around to high five his teammate
Not cutter than our babies and your niece and nephew.
Thank you for your effort
Leicester winning against arsenal will be so good. Push arsenal further away and push unisex utd into second half of the league table
If you have Pandora, check out my station: Bastille Radio on
Well let's have hope all of their performances from today will be uploaded later
good morning johanna hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Over 5500 people will be at this Event guys.... Lezz get there
Wow! brilliant Denise x what a lovely day
good, your opinion and i respect it
Great tip! Thanks for sharing
Thank you Jen certainly apply. And there is training but I
Bizde olsa o panoya ne olur?
[ Your Yusuke is great too! ]
Happy birthday
Enjoy! It's a lovely movie about family, and how you should cherish your time with them now and forever.
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Russian hottie Elizabeth Zaks can be my comrade any day
Thanks
100 sis I'm glad I got to meet you more than anything
So tired! Happy to announce I will be asleep before 8:30pm
moon in pisces explains why crying and feel like on the verge of an emotional breakdown
Buy 2 get 1 free- love it! Happy belated birthday
One more love we finally meet ^^
good morning ruby rose hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off
ok. I think we can write whatever we want from the holy book as many times as possible. free
Currently watching the Goonies for the first time!!
Absolutely
How is everyone today?
Thank you bigger sister! Proud of you too
Thanks for the mention!
Be a defender first!
Thank you, Ms Stunning
Sunday funday is here!!! Come say HI TO MARY AND TOMMY behind the Main bar 2-8pm and Miguel in the back bar
be home in time to shower and watch my Great Sunday
guessing you eventually changed your mind?
Followed tswifft13
wait
No. Thank you.
awww now that's a cute baby!
good morning olivia hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Sophie landed a 2nd place in Prose in her very first Speech and Debate tournament.
Thanks, I do vote there, but it's not the same
Thank you dear
One day you will see who you reallh are, but first take what you want and don't let it go one day you will remember it
Yesss cannot wait
Awwwwww !!! No problem friend !! by the way my name is Puja dear !! I just like 'Jessica' name
time for my question to you of the day how can cars pass at Kansas? Seems once someone is
Cheers mate will do. Thank you
Had a wonderful time with this wonderful gal last night!
You guys must have kids already, I'm ready to babysit
I love how happy she looked when he finally said Jobs
I look forward to the first entry
Perfect 3-word game recap
proud of myself today because I made meatballs to make later this week and I have a pot roast in the crock pot yay me!! adulting
Oooooh how lovely
good morning odette hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
thank you
We love her too
Find Bo
Thank you Jesus For Caring Friends
Follow RT MG+10
if i go back, ill do it all over with you again.
sure that happens a lot! It looks like got a good range of experience here!
I feel he needs one especially with his drinking and smoking, he could get them vocals stronger ... we all know he can sing
Brilliant thanks again
Yes! And I celebrate mine as well... December 13
Dyked - Young Teen Girl Orgy With Busty Milf Mistress
Thank you for following me Gary!
Fresh Sundays
Hi Michele, thank you!! Totally made my Sunday.
Great photos Would it be ok to share on Instagram?
Thanks for noticing!
Also teach your daughters there's more to life than chasing after men for money
Thank's for your time answering our questions! God bless, Sir Lui!
Sana next time I get to meet you too
Some days are for the garden
good morning ivana hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I Iove you xo
Get delicious vegetarian ingredients delivered straight to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh
Absolutely! Days quicker
Stellar $XLM price: $0.241625
We verified that Binance is accepting new users!
Danke Blacky
Awesome yeah
Thanks fam
Simple things are the best
Me too
Wow. Amazing! please watch this! They're awesome!
That big lady with red t shirt is one of d most iconic actress of Hindi film industry, REKHA
Waiting patiently for someone to translate. thanks in advantage
These two are
thank you! It makes me so happy too
I want to get out of bed, but colder in the house now and my covers are warm.
Hey handsome How's your day been so far?
Goose bumps watching Black Panther
Good advice, Alan ... I'm going to do just that before Monday rears its ugly head
thank you thank you!!!
Today consist of laying in bed till 1 , cleaning and smoking
Hi Zak Hope yr having a relaxing peaceful Sunday
That doesn't mean ki bkio ki nhi ache lgte but they are some how more special u can say
Hey, DM me so we can fall in love and you fly me out.
Sunday night comfort
.
.
.
I love The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari
Amazing thanks for asking!
Ooh yes Cardiff is lovely
wait
Can't remember is I posted a picture or not
He's done the hard yards, deserves the support for such a great cause X
Derby della Madonnina Tonight
Forza Milano
time to stop eating so i can look good in my dress saturday
Haha! me alright!
Fess and Haleigh did the same thing they are just having fun!
mis pedidos a real_pcy
Home at midnight. Almost halftime
Laying in bed chilling knowing that you have to go to work tonight is honestly one of the best feelings
Birthday month mate doing good things
Up to so far which is magnificent! if you've not had a look yet, Please do!
Awwwwwww poor cute babe He had good intentions though I now want to take that wet clothes off and help him get dry
Great thank you!
Your accent is so cute i love your smile
Woke up with the knowledge that nobody us cheating on me
time check 2:15 AM.
I don't even go on with the Gladiator Jokes and I have no talent.
But now u r free! Think positive! Everything will be better!
Should have asked some good soul to film you both
I'mma take you and Camryn to a warm beach, then.
I love biscuits and cake
Cheers to that! I got the make this a true champagne
Thank you
been lovely not too chilly just nice
ate way too much these past few days. feeling fat.
also feeling very happy.
isso!
And not working this time a simple Shinx raid earnt me this
Mw G3
My new
I like to think I'm clever too would love to chit with you more!
starting to feel a little better be al the way by 2marrow
We have a stand there so come and see us on Tuesday
Can't wait to spend next weekend with scot in Niagara falls
Good Afternoon everyone!, have a great Sunday afternoon
The same one from before you went away babe at Murrayfield x
Good Night
Seeing Jesus culture tonight
Wow loads of feedback there. Thanks favouring Assault at the moment.
Thank you, eventually Tracy. It's a two year project
Nope. I'm actually a pretty forward person.
Do that
Love you Trish! Congratulations on the new Show!!!
I live in south west Scotland so about 4 half hours away. Yes she seems super lovely
Do that
Have a great day my DMS are always open if you need me
This is how long you have... do you think she will be dry by then?
muy pronto en chivas en
Ja oder? Ist mal was anderes
Bring me a wood
Presies . Geniet dit
Get Ready For
Good Night ...
Hey how are you? I have a cold so been trying to relax today
Unboxing treasure trove of blind boxes Vaal Hazak is coming home with me
thank youu
I drink, but down to reunite again That would be fun, let me know when lol
Thanks Andy
Do u remember filming these scenes a little bit Maureen? This probably was a fun set to be on too!
Beautiful
Family time is the best time
Driving in down town dubai always been an awesome experience
Mr you are doing a great job ka it's my favourite I love it especially Sesotho good work God bless.
It's okay, they need You more than I need them
enjoy it
Not a clue! But then I really use Twitter much
Had a cheese omelette and followed it up with ice cream
Need to give myself more credit
Saying sorry
i have Indian and wine.... happy Sunday
Slow cooker Sunday is the best day of the week.
Faz vc pra mim
I'm loving this placement. Hopefully this means 2nd year is going to be my year. I just need to
That's because they know we are pride of the South Steve
obviously in love with them now
the power of holy spirit
She would like do it. She has literally been my left hand since it happened
Let's win first!
A link to my profile in your bio will work for me!
And here are my moots@pandaminahOt7
good morning andrea hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Um hello, yes, help! get you back into school
We need this in as soon as it is released!
thank you so much for the retweet
/\
/ \
p.s Modelo time foo
Good record that
Thanks for the shout out
While I take a short break, go check out my husband on DBD say hey and he'll be happy
Thanksgiving Sunday
In the spirit of giving thanks, this is the first post-NYSC picture.
u that ** **** with OBBBAAA**********aaaaaaa
Get delicious vegetarian ingredients delivered straight to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh
Whohoooo, congratulations
Sorry John
good morning izabela hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Thank you Beautiful message
Thank you so much
Hahahaha it's cute bjt you have to cut the lightstick part to make it look like she was holding unto it
Count me in!
Sana next time
rooting for you!
Ike dakimakura design ( commission)
it was a lot of fun do make it
Can be hard to know ahead of time, when you haven't seen the venue or the video setup
with a bye
I had a really good week and I hope you did too! Now lets do it again...
Thank you to nottinghamindie for this great post
I was being funny on the car being dead or alive
So happy about to get off
Ah mass...
Thank u so much 4 liking 2 of my post
U don't know how happy I am
U literally deserves to
Thanks
Q nem mocinha
No doubt about this
will your spies explain this please? Thank you!
No training needed really, common sense would tell you to throw this man out via the toilet
So sweet, Abas Alsahir ! Thanks so much. have a sweet nigth. big hug.
Awesome Art By Lalit Sehrawat.
Proud Of You. Lots Of Love From Ajay Devgn Fans
I have so many of those .. I always go back and read them every now and then
Sahi kha fir good night
Family Member: college going?
Me: holding it together
Sundays are legit my fave day of the week
true
Hi sophie happy Sunday babe u are looking very beautiful and gourgous hun am watching the race
thank you fern!
And my dms are still open if you wanna talk
good morning madisen hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Ready for Sunday dinner
Thanks, Paras! do that.
Looking forward to hearing what you will be up too
/\
/ \
p.s Modelo time foo
recently I like his all the edits nd she tagged me too
Evening Walk
Thanks matey, really kind - by your side
(4.7M)
Thanks
Thank you
Can someone please confirm the ID of these distant birds seen today, thank you
That would be lovely
good morning alli hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
The job is yours
Resting but watching foitball I to have work tomorrow
All I want for Christmas is for you to vote for Andrew Gillum.
Thank you
Good choice, Matthew!
All the qualities of a good Shep. Rudi is the very same
I have a lot of those .. I always go back and read them every now and then
Hi instagram ok
Sunday Morning Streams might become a new thing :) Live now at
good morning grace hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
I therefore captioned THROWBACK
Thanks Sir
Welcome to the Twitterverse!
I'm going to a birthday party! Happy Birthday Abigail!
1 like = 50
I know
Anytime
taking a walk with your love of your life is the best.
I feel like someone have to play with my ears
This is founder of CCMS (me)
Here come the hunnies & funnies (17 Photos)
The stax are better, you should try them, much nicer
I'm sorry! And thank you
Ahhh these are so amazing!!
Signed and shared
good morning meg hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Sunday!
Just think what a wonderful year of travels he will have
What a great day to be alive to hear the voice of Supreme leader of Indigenous People Of Biafra
Y gracias
Proud big brother on his wee sister's christening day
Hvem?
Profitez de mes vacs a Hawaii!
The inspo for this nail set I just did was my sisters birthday masquerade ball coming up, dark & fancy ya knowww
Santai jh masih blm punya istri ko
Chill Sub Sunday! Please consider subscribing or donating if you enjoy the stream forger you can sub for
Arrived in my second home . A full week with my friends
Thank you so much....
Chips , pop , & cable
I talk about my girlfriend TOOOOO MUCHHHHH but idc
Sunday, make sure your room is clean and your teeth are flossed!
I love you so so much you are literally one of my favorite mutuals even though we haven't talked
Thank you
Rep Lee is awesome btw
love song.
One pill makes you larger
And one pill makes you small
W/ my husband Michael Archibald Date night next time off
Deleted numbers this morning . Feeling brand new
Now YOU'RE dancing
open house in tenafly
I retweeted it with so much happiness
welcome
What a beautiful day
Such a pretty face on a pretty neck
Thank you Al! big compliment! I appreciate you. <3
good morning chandler hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Dude that's dirty politics
What a wonderful dream Francesco. What did you see and do when you visited Galway?
Try Stax, they are great, they should be next to the Pringles
Good click Noor... Beautiful
Are you expecting?
Thanks
thank you tim always for your reviews. your times taken always makes me smile.
About 2 hours! The whole thing was amazing!
good morning danielle hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Best wishes
Very regal!
Lmao, wtf is that? Sounds like a prophecy in all these Merlin like movies Yea, it will
I kinda agree! It was loud during the chorus but I could barely hear anyone during the
kk time to eat breakfast
True that, still a very brave move though. Saw a poster for the new adaptation of Noughts and Crosses at Cannes and squeed
Oh yeah, I do. I do an annual Salem trip every year with friends
After you do the wash, dust and vacuum, and rake the leaves Have a good Sunday.
good morning sophie hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Just imagine all the questions children are going to be asking after this episode
Posting for "madam"
Thank you x
Bringing in my birthday like never liveeeeeeed
on your new TV even better
Pure Jealousy let the haters hate we don't care Kohli Rocks!
Thank goodness!! Thanks for the info
I learnt to drive in one of them. I thought cop cars were more exciting
Hey
Relaxation is always essential guys
Lunch on a Sunday afternoon!
You are the Best!
It very nice
good morning lauren hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I Iove you xo
Little cutie just made my day
I bought a fiddle leaf tree and Luna loves him
Low Tide: Sunset. (Whitstable ) Gone to its new home yesterday!
Thank you
Just ate some
Following
Un repas sympa
Gotta relax on Sunday, Barb.
Good Night Prince n Sweet dreams
Added you, mine is 3592 2917 7470
Mill jaye ga In sha ALLAH jld hi
Dont worry
To my future wife .. be prepared for me to sing every R&B songs to you every time we in the car
They must be putting so much effort into it. Great view though!
thank you
Would love for you guys to check out my blog content
Guys pliz fetch my mate and i when we arrive in dbn
good morning sofia hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
What will you watch tonight Doug
7 days! We check in next Sunday!
Aww, really? You should get them done! I love being able to express myself through the earrings I wear
Following
Smile for me
REPOST, SHARE, TAG, LIKE
Follow
S/C: Britishbomshell
YouTube:
Ahhhh Inner Peace Do not let your negative emotion take over your senses because you have the power to Choose
But thank you. Exactly what I have right now
If honest, this small, polite vampire child who only speaks at their turn grew up to be me.
Great picture taken by the talented Christy Decker Photography
Actually mega happy to see this spread
Right?! lol
Thanks, Lola!
RT Alex_Verbeek:
Worth 1000 RTs?
This will put your worries of today into a different perspective.
You're very welcome
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
Bon anniversaire
U think its too much?
Its just a very pretty picture of the one girl
Red
Yeah, the XR-dev group is a good idea there are amazing people! I hope to meet you soon
Perfect
And so has come a moment
Good night.
Buenas noches.
Happy Apple Day! Here is a tasty Golden Delicious Apple
A few pictures from today's - Biggin to Minninglow and back, partly on the
Thank you
awesome! I hope she had a good day
Good Night sir n Sweet dreams
It really is
Just bought NF merch, happy days
Stop scrolling, you are beautiful
Gracias
Hope had a lovely day out my wee man has me tortured to put up the Halloween decorations
Thank you so much
Step up self.
Cracksman 11 starts, 8 wins.
My maximum bets on Cracksman 1, wins 0.
Enjoy stud, you shitehouse.
Alright, point taken
Wow avec ton nom et tout!
Mais, la classe... oui, trop
Yes, when I have a computer again, there is some editing to do
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
I know
As u wish
Good night
Khush rahen jahan b rahen
I like it chaand sa chehra
You make me happy
You make me laugh
You make me
just everything I want
hi i will give 2022 euros to everyone who likes/retweets this tweet, phannies only please
Cuando a tu al trabajo.
|#DoDamage |#SerieMundial
Sick of football Hughie fury to annihilate pulev next weekend then plough AJ after that
Thank you so much lovely lady
cause you are
Hi Adam, there is no additional charge for checking in at the airport, I hope you have a great flight! ^Nadine
Kick it into high gear with Ariana (24 Photos)
My new favourite word from this Applelanche!! Loved the kids helping to make apple juice. So sweet
I how long your hair is getting. so cute
Hi! You might want to change that to in past tense at the moment
Just get them all !!!! Party on
Congratulations my favorite couple God bless you ....
Thank you so much
.....vakt- i
Enjoy babe
Enjoy. We actually be able to get round to one this week. Been nearly 2 weeks. Not that I'm impatient or anything
You live and you learn but no matter what I forgive mfs because gone live the life I want with or w out you BITCHES
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off
Oi
I loved owlboy even got the platinum
Got them from Cotton On and Typo
Feliz dia
Te mereces lo mejor
Lovely !!! The typewritten notes are fantastic
Every blessed day
I bet! Kostas Martakis is really gorgeous. He would have been my fantasy too!
My happiness always comes first. You don't know how it has worked for me I always put things on hold. Sometimes
Moj novi pratilac
Thank you so much
I'm out now...so ...def
Hi Phil, by all means. Lovely to hear from you
bts is meaning of life
Then have my post notifications on
Next semester come soon enough
Fantasy points for me
I am enjoying these casual discussions over lunch with my classmates
Handstanding at the beach of Brazil by juota_mova
.
.
.
TAP THE HANDSTAND IF YOU LIKE IT
Hope we see them on our walks soon
I love every part of you, even your flaws and insecurities. You are just perfect as u are.
Another well organised and brilliant race today
forever a mood
Ur so smart y u ever b drawn out ur such a honourable woman almost half as honorable as Arsene Wenger but he was sopmn else
thank you
I thank you!
The championship is done!! He go beyond number 4
Ellie, Antony and Ryan enjoying RTG fest with and they wanted to say thank you
Sip
So who wants to buy me a Moncler jacket
I'm here at the Premiere.
Only 20 minutes to go until it starts
The Snow Sister by Emma Carroll? Quite a short story but utterly beautiful
No vex Mr African.. Na help I dey find not criticism
Bet it looked fab
Tenk yuv
Is mode moe explosion
Super aprovado
Meet me in St Louis really a Christmas film.. thats my excuse
Thank you so much
happy bday fiona!!
I love Sundays
Theak ha...bu I can sing better than this
Gros kiff
I want an update too. Still let her take her time. I'm sure she had a great plan for it.
will do it hopefully not haha
Too good not to tweet on!
He's now my hero
Having An Open House
Thank you very much
I really benefited a lot from these tips, so thank you so much
or comment whatever is easier
Thank you so much
cool.. thanks
Too cute Good times
Rav I am seriously blushing now
Lee, I must confess I am a proper Holby City fan
pics or it happen smh
Hoco 2k18 Amazing night thanks to these people
I want a rocking chair & two big bean bags for my patio
SMRookies Yusol
Thanks for it
\ | /
|
/ \
if that hoseok then idk
hello there we are based in Worcestershire and here is a snippet of us playing
this
I am so good at sleeping......
I can even do it with my eyes closed
Seeee
You're right and I defo do
like for a compliment
Wow 1D is really out here like
/\ /\ / \
All is India be happy
Ooohhh yes please
I'm on it!
I have a secret crush on u... Why secret
The chocolate cookies of our time
I love it
Thank you
Thanks dear
goodnight, thankyou parin Lord
Thank you very much Dee
they r on leaves
What a day it was!
Playing with all colours and Shades with Colorbar at Lifestyle!
I filmed and edited my first aesthetic video, so happy with how I edited it
With great power comes...great shares
Happy birthday Patrick! Hope life is treating you well dude. Hope you have the best day ever.
Can't wait to see the end product
My daughter agrees with you! We LOVE that book at my much fun.
Uturn - Good movie
boy bye , I thinking bout you
I wish it were about me, but thanks
if you have rants, compliments, insults, chikas, just leave it all here
I just followed you my dear
It's a new week still on this one ben, how about your boy 45 and the Saudis?
Leadership is available
WES RAMUNGKIN BISO NYAMBUNG! TAK LILAKNO TAK LALEKNO TAK IKHLAS NO
Milton Keynes
never let you alone be scared
Baby Rohan is getting so chubby already
Yes, thank you Johny
Thank you, thank you, thank you
I loved the music
Best cover of La Vie En Rose!
last night was exactly what I needed
C glad back thanks
Welcome to you Rach Gazeebo
Buona cena amici
Schedule food deliveries when they're convenient for you! Enjoy 30% off your order with this
good morning rydel hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
kuch baatein khud e relate ho jaati h ..may be similar incidence se
Thank you very much Dee
Yup
This is an important reminder for passionate people like me. Thank you for tweeting/retweeting.
Didnt expect this from you Anyway carry on with these kind of tweets
Kurdistanm
Lol man have yo fun nobody tripping. Hope that shit get stuck
Honestly cannot wait to pass, even though I know be taxi 24/7
THANK YOU STEPH
Kinda magic is such a good album
please follow me back
Thank you Sharon
Just received my copy and looking forward to going through it
good morning ashlee hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
I hate when people listen to me when I warn them it always turn out right
Is it
Beautiful! How are you? It's been a long time since I've heard from you, hon!
Hey
Congrats Castro
My pleasure
Thank you
Something Tae said on his vlive I'm so glad the boys could actually explore a little the cities they have been to on this tour
Unboxing treasure trove of blind boxes Vaal Hazak is coming home with me
13 years and counting
They filmed part of that in my community.
No I am the same at moment Doug
The good news: I just made my final student loan payment.
The bad news: Just got a $1200 mechanic bill.
Somebody send me pool who has my number
i might jus have to go back to atlanta
Best wishes
Well done mate. DM coming soon!
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
The Milan derby makes a girl happy
John comes home today
good morning kelli hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
I am hoping too, and hoping to go out for walk tomorrow for fresh air and pick up some peach wool
Also this is my first time having an xbox, any suggestions on apps/games I need?? And yes I am Rogue in my avatar
It's sunday, and time for my final pick of the week, and what a cracker I've got for POTW!
.
.
There is a
they are dangerous ...
let me know when you try it
you're very welcome
Salut Vanesse Salut les
good morning olivia hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
I can't believe how cute baby rhinos are
Say anything.
Funny!!
Sooo cute
FORZA INTER
You're very welcome
Yes, I know hard to believe real, but here I am. Be a useful little pet and send me what I deserve
Here watch this
Avec plaisir
Thank you Craig
Come on Lewis let's go for number 5
wait
Fast response
Fast delivery
Quality gifts
$NEO is valued at: $16.71
Exchange on Binance with 50% discount trading fee
Lentil and veg soup??
Gonna be windy in Yorkshire this evening...
Follow everyone who likes this
Hi im mikee from Philippines, i just tried this hehe but hopefully could be the lucky one
For god sake brother. Why ? Army has nothing to do with it . see the end result . Hope kid get
The sun is shining. The air is crisp. It's a perfect day to be outside in my happy place.
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
You're very welcome
That straight to the point...
You been studying again
Had a quick scan at some of the bits about their careers & controversy
good morning laura hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Its ok nder people get bored sometimes but if you feel winner is your home you will definitely back to winner
Worth the wait on the bucket Alex
You're very welcome
New threads for this
.
Set picture from Spider-Man sequel from
.
I'm so glad you had a nice time
We saw it last night, absolutely brilliant! Enjoy your evening xx
finally got my car back
Alright
Gute Heimreise, hat mich gefreut
After Work ce mercredi au Club 1900 aux platines Mike (Ecn)
You can count on me like 1,2,3 and I'll be there
Lovely image, I do love Starlings, such attractive plumage
Thank you Debbie. It was powerful.
good morning peypey hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
It would be absolutely ok with me if Kimi won this race
Thanks for a chance! GL everyone
need help? ... beer time here
Last 30 seconds
only juice
Sundayyyyy I want everybody to have a nice week SMILE
It's shows your courage.
It's going well!
Awh yay! Congrats
Thank you so much
GIG is a great way to get around. Click my link for $35 off. When you take a trip, I get $35 off, too.
my hair getting back curly & im so excited
good morning mary hope you'll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes I love you xo
Yess Same here
My favourite EXO song is Lucky One
a fantastic idea!
Obviously I would never do that thanks for being the only good influence on my Twitter
Weekend walks in the autumn leaves
Hope you all are having a nice and relaxed Sunday
.
.
.
YA GIRL THINKA SHE FOUND AN APARTMENT!
Gonna check it out next weekend if I can get off work.
thank you very much, you are very kind
a new game in the second half. go jags
ederim hocam
Thank you
Charles Andre Song
For once you lucked up.
Thanks for the compliments
Payday treat
The British Empire! imagine living by these lot!
Thank you xx
Any help is appreciated
I'm a wife material
Ask my Daddy
Sounds like a perfect Sunday to me!
We are blushing.... the amazing just mentioned us.
Looks good!
I told you he would
Steven Seagal
Chunk from The Goonies has got to be one of the best characters ever.
watched this film 100 times and it never gets old
thank you for sharing my posts Kathryn!
that's lovely. Sorry I didn't get to meet you Maggie. I could have given you my best Lofty impression xx
my baby
Come on Lewis let's go for number 5
I have
Great news Was there in 2002 during the Lifelines Tour
In the book "Movie Magical handbook" of COG
was stunning. I want the top room
Sometimes we are on a roll with so many daily shoppers, it's nothing personal!
love the brobly pink limited edition hoody literally wearing it every day
I really benefited a lot from this tips, so thank you so much khadija
Thank you again guys! wait to be back
Yanga I like you for this
Life doesn't get easier, you just get stronger. So make the Rest of your Life the Best of your Life.
You rock I was there with my fam and luckily see any twats
I was scrolling through the comments of Smooth McGroove's new video and ran into like 5 different languages! The man really is a treasure!
I would be glad to help! Retweeting!
You can be fully clothed and still sexy af
Have an amazing day Rob and thank you for being you
Also it's ass not ads
I'm online
Welcome To My Room!!
ik ik into kpop but i cant deal with half the stans lolll i only followed you cos you stan rihanna
We had a great time at the Anxiety & Depression Initiative gala this Friday night
Write something make me happy
See if you spot yourself....
Hey Laura. Please DM us your email address, we should be able to fix this for you
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Cute Fan Of Ajay Devgn Sir
Little Cute Singham "Ata Majhi Satakli"
Bitti
lol if you have holy spirit inside you, you'll know what am talking about
Gave up on Inktober (as per usual) but trying to sketch something digital everyday.
But you can save up for an awesome tour
Just what I needed to get out of my reading slump
I love this album . Been cleaning to it all morning
Me too
Thanks love You and are soo cute together too
I'm insanely envious. I hope you all had a blast
Sucks that Michel got hurt but I also have James White in fantasy
Um.... homecoming is next weekend & not dying by myself so
I still like ice cream
woke up in a great mood today
this is so me.
a good mask for the face - it will wash off and leave you clearer . Been there
Coming back to ga today
Wow thank! Hope to win!
little differences...
Ithuvarai, nan yaraiyum Mute / Block panathe illa..
Summa sonnen..
Thank you lovely
Write something make me happy
Beautiful food
That face! Love you, Linkin
very welcome
Would love to get some stuff off AMAZON. Any guys interested in helping. My dm is open. Send gift first though
Thanks I hope it was insightful
Happy 18th Birthday Denicee!!!
Hey I have a great idea. Why You go follow It. Would be greatly appreciated
thank you
youtube banner for had fun making this fully HD i just love his streams come join his stream playing
the only thing I know how to do
Heavenly
The winner of the for is joyobiesie
The
La touche Mai Atafo
Glad doing well and happy with yo man
No worries
When my mum like things I say or do she sends me texts like this the best. And I guess I have the
Nachtrag aus Charleston. Na, wer kennt das Haus? Na?
thank you so much khadija, I really benefited a lot from this tips
Jongup with his friends in Japan
Uhhh...because they're cowards Benny. Trouble for them is...not ALL women will let them get away with their BS.
He always uses his trafficator tho... one positive
Give this a listen
Good afternnon Emma
I have been gardening all morning
Thank you both
Aww thank you so much.
Sure dear, when I'm back and done with those papers
Ok i should not be petty but i want to so bad only cus its been a while but i like this new me no petty Betty right now
mine was Mott the Hoople but remember the title at the moment!
Yeeeeee che tenera
I was there. I still remember that day.
One of the best days of my life I'll never forget November 1989!!
Dont need to feel sad girl!! Its okay.. really okay there are many
Very nice
No problem. I hope he receives the help he needs.
Just for fun na survey! Would you attend an Alter Christmas Party? If yes, comment kung saan mo gusto
Fantastic stream today!
A huge thank you to everyone that came and spent time with me!
It's amazing to
Thank you
its high time for that price rise
And of course keep checking each week!
Good luck if you ever want to talk things through
Summer has passed but bikinis are never out of style (53 Photos)
I'm so sorry to hear that, Goddess Hopefully things turn around!
Feliz
Hello love, we talked but you are a new mutual of mine and seeing you all over my tl
No it's not entirely bad. But sometimes it can be good to go to someone
Who wants to come to the haunted hoochie with me and Friday
Awh boo You're adorable and I love you so much like no joke I'll see you on Friday with a SURPRISE
Happy Birthday
Have a great day!
Yaa of Course . Hats off to him and his hard work .
yes making myself happy
Enjoy the week off.
So its not only four classrooms its many And I dont even know their full names But they are good
100% Creepy is as far as you can go Michael.
This weekend was much needed
Ryan is adorable
Can't wait to receive you at Coloisuva Forest Park your Royal Highness
Preciate itttt
OK thanks
SAIA DE CASA PRESIDENTE BOLSONARO.
NESSA DO ANO COSTUMA CAIR MUITOS
oomf need to have me a baby
Hmmm
Really like Ryan
Ori hoy
Mixed plate.
....and now not.
It was so cool to see you this weekend You were humble and generous. Whenever you are heading home,
I just need you to take me to your fancy restaurants
Yes, when they hit puberty. Maybe happen early. Hang in there.
TYSM
I died Friday night. But it was worth it
Loving u all. Just sayin
Life goes on
Congress mood Intensive Care Medicine
New research & innovation explore at Palais des
Made a new friend today
My favorite family is growing So excited to meet "them" (watch the reaveal, sneaky people!)
And me you need to show
Excellent. Been there as well, now, ima roamer.
Smh. Someone I ignored! Enjoy.
In that case roughly 7.9E^8 seconds old, which sounds much cooler and more scientific
you too
really glad I will always have God. never ghost me
No not him.
I'm emotionally preparing myself for this live tonight. We will heal together.
Like I said in the chat, brilliant
thought of us friends... I always wanna fly to you
On Sundays we brunch. | |Hair by (I low key miss this hair, it was so pretty )
"Manage the head"
Yes that's OK.
Thanks
I'll be online today
My pleasure
Clerbois
Handsome But I think he'll probably go white not grey
sef distributed pads in three different schools in March this year
Can't wait. It'll be great.
I m not perfect but at least I m not a liar
Finally Back to Surat
OK does anyone else cycle their hormones to mimic a cis cycle on here please? Thanks
True though
U stay on my mind
Your very welcome
be sick get better be healthy
Bad Girls was the best will always be my favourite such lovely ladies
did it before it happens
Always find the good out of the
Must get an grow some next year look fabulous
You Are The Bestest Person I Met On Twitter And I Wish I Have You In My All Happy Moments Of Life With Your Permission
Just finished shooting for the day and what a beeeaaauuuutiful night now time for bed
So good to see, keep an eye on my poppies all over town PAO Evesham
Somebody tell my nigga be at the airport when I land
Glad to hear it
Just drank my coffee sis. With some pancakes
This is awesome!! I'm loving this!!
Well deserved - Amy you are a star and part of a super team xx
Half term .. little trip to Portugal it is then
Congratulations to you both /all
I wish
I'm not ready all the songs sound amazing already, I'm especially excited for track 1, 2, 4 and 7
Salam Juga nih. Hehe hv a good rest y.
Thank u
The songs are so sexy... and he's so adorable
well done nadeem this will be the best thing you will have done for yourself i packed in
This bag for life will be available to purchase in our Foodhalls Thanks, Claire.
I know thanks
Thank you most kindly
Liking A fantastic history lesson for my 11 year old. So far so good.
Oh am I the first to ask The thrid but hiiii
The only review that matters
RT Have you got that And have you entered our yet? Just share &
Let my silence be your answer today
Dont pity me hun. Life is VERY good now
To everyone that came out last night, thank you (I may still be a lil drunk)
Yep the doggie is lovely
Back home I go next week
Not having the Raiders to watch kinda makes my Sunday stress free
Everything is in moving boxes atm. But when we've unpacked, I'll post a few
Pretty before and now but I'm glad you can feel the way you really are: BEAUTIFUL
Clerbois
My pleasure, easy to say when true
So true
You stole your treats?! Oh wie ungezogen! Tesco
Oh hello Mr Starmer. The best part of a million people marched for a
Thank you
My niece was born so beautiful! now two boys and one girl
It's so beautiful Jayoon
But isn't it late already?! 3 am.... o_o Good night our sweet honey!
Fofo
how do I go about playing the beta
Thanks Darren
with a fresh playing attitude like it. enjoying the smooth 40 bombs
Do follow
follow back
Me too! My Son is 7 and was dubious until sloth turned up. Then loved it. HEY YOU GUYS!
please can you give this account a follow?
Promises to follow back too
Excellent work Luke, wait to hear about those junior parkrun adventures
Sure!
This kind of self that I missed.... welcome back, Maui. Thank You, Lord.
Wrapping up the weekend with some maphilo
Attention tum jaise choti bachion ko chaey hoti hy
This is beyond awesome! Rosa parks and Martin Luther King
Being spoilt here with awesomeness missed
in is mine. I wish you all a nice evening
-
Meine neue Waffe:
I miss the early 80's. That's when Blade Runner and The Thing came out
Clerbois
That's right up there with Shower Dates!
Get your tickets for Wednesday and come on down and create and play Halloween Sand Art workshop
Thank you! so sweet
Pls share sir
va
Thank you! I would probably be the same if I wrote lovely fluffy books to be honest
I see that thing
Non pas moi!!!! J'ai juste les photos!!!!!
I will always watch any match involving
The man is.a.beast. Already one of my all time favorites
Sorry for your loss but glad Ashton made it a little better for you
I wish i had more girl friends. You know ones i can go to Sunday Buffets with and Sip on some Mimosas
Looking lovely
Lovely thank you
Awwwww... We've loads left and you're welcome here!
Heey mercee
the next Blue Peter presenter, right there
Tola..tola..
U dey this twitter?
Miss you Anww!
I am waiting.
Ma nouvelle
yes please
A Hump Day curveball, the Underboob (36 Photos)
Meltdowns you still get me do you
I guess
Thank you luv
Merci beaucoup Je participe on sais jamais
Going live now! Come join me and my cosplaying butt to raise some money for McMaster Children's Hospital!
Noted. Thanks for correcting me.
You are my first mentor
Love this! Hope that these Grandmas were actually paid though
wait to go home so I have to eat my own groceries or cook my own food
Do you struggle to get past the friend zone? Take a look at this
Your so cute honestly
I admire that
OK we all going, I wanna be there for her too
I did a great job, thank you
It sounds like the joke is on the men! Lol. You become the chauffeurs!
Thank you so much for the kind words and I am excited for what the future has in store for us both
Can't say we don't pack stuff in when we do trips today we went to the Museum of London to see the small but
Can't wait to get to and look at all the beautiful places in especially am getting excited
Aww...thanks.
Die Chihuahuas von der sind auch total Und frech.
It even reminded me of mine
RTxRT?
Do a song with
Hope your has been a one
Weekday vs. Friday and Saturday vs. Sunday
this made me happy smiling fr
I painted with acrylics for the first time in over a year
In recent times, few people using Text as Sext
Butternut squash in the oven... Enjoying these October days and sun stripes.
.
.
Por siempre ...
Mines 5 days after yours!
Lets have a heart to appriciate the good too
mani-pedi, whole house clean, laundry done productivity is a beautiful thing
Made a bts love yourself wallpaper feel free to use
In love with your new song!!! So good
I did it on Sony Vegas Pro 14 (a computer program)! I animated each letter of the text
Clearly you have not been to PESHAWAR yet...
Thanks
Tonight is a good night
The small ones I bought from Aliexpress and the larger one is a painted glass cabochon
I can smell the fair coming
Thanks Bro
One pic a day
Bonne nuit
Stay blessed
Amazing, my momma loved him and I remember listening to him with her RT Fantastic to see that
Haha...say hi to Horseface CPL....oh, and enjoy your pending visit to Gitmo.
*cough cough* tl7as tezi
Deal. I'll make it and post it.
Jodie Whittaker gives me chills (in a good way) as the Doctor
Im Feel It
Not sure enriching her life but enriching mine
Church
Grocery Store
Washed Truck
Cleaned
Mailed in Ballot
Now to relax on this beautiful Sunday
Congratulations both of you
you get it now?
Florence, Italy. Still quite delicious. 9 years will not pass by before my next visit back to Italy.
Yh we inside
Just me?
Good to see you back in the saddle!! x
Haha well he is quite tasty
Yaaassssss!!! wait!
Hunter nya baik
My pleasure Hope you enjoy reading it! x
No no no. Is it offensive to laugh at something funny?
We are just showing off our good sense of humor
WHERE MY EXO-L FAM AT? LET'S SUPPORT OUR GALAXY FANFAN TOO
play please new beautiful incredible James Arthur song
Got my boo back
kids allowed at my wedding welcome it will be specified on the invites
Bring it on!!!!!
Last pic as a bachelorette! Not me, my sis Deeksha
Welcome to the family Adwait Keole feeling excited
Mahal ko kayong dalawa thank you my heart is full and happy
Asha I been missing you, haven't seen you tweet as much. Unless they are just not coming up in my feed
Kindly remove South Africa stats and then compare.. Rohit is not far behind.. As an opener.. and i accept he sucks in SA
Oh! Yes thanks, I'd like to play
I was tagged by List 3 fictional characters that represent you & tag 5 others! 1) Amy- Amy
Oh well that's good then I just realized I have 2 pieces of English to do so I'll be doing that now
You're welcome, my wise and noble brother. God bless you and yours too.
If you think Im talking rubbish then check out
Could be the future of recycling ..Boom! Boom !
Really? Well thank you!
Worth waiting for too! Exciting end to the game, inspired subs and excellent goals
These I like. If you lived closer, send you some.
always a way
How kind & sweet! The baby is okay NJean
Random Act Of
This is the comment I was looking for. Thank You
Pretty in Pink
Denme ideas al dm plis
Et moi aussi ton thread
You're crazy.
Thank you
Aw thanks sweetie. I'll bring it back I have faith and the will to do it
U welcome! I hope you enjoy ur day
Thank you really pleased you enjoyed it
Your art is lovely, thank YOU!
If someone could come to my house to serve me a 20 bag be highly happy
Anong type ng tela? Hindi naman mainit? If ever pala, payment method and delivery? Thanks.
* goes back to watching
vs *
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
7lbs 12oz and 20in
I'm actually very talented in taking screenshots
Good morning theydies get this spooky dick
Yes! Dom was saying she'd be so proud to vote for him if she were a Texan
koi NHI BNA Sakta fake SS or source BHI valid tha _!! well BAAT khatm ho chuki ha ab Enjoy your day ...
When one ulol is not enough
Hello Ru is the weather lovely down your way too? Good beach digging conditions xxx
Awww this is such a cute throwback..
When he says oh so that far now
Haha yeah I coulda guessed and I love the take you took on my comment! Really lovely
Remy
I love these buildings
Thanks! Loving the positivity of your account
Bon anniversaire
Day One: Paint It Black by the Rolling Stones.
Shawn gestern noch backstage
If ppl just took the time to overlook my beliefs, differentance and my opinions they would find out to
..
** New Blog Post ** Link In Bio
..
all about the at the moment. Today I
I agree. Nothing says I love you more than voting red.
A familiar face spotted in the paper today...
Happy Birthday Have a fantastic day
A day off from twitter seems like a day away from friends
Thanks so much
Church Rock rally - live on KGAK 1330 AM from 1-3pm, hope you can tune in.
a must read thread accurate!
Thank you
Limonlu yiyorum
welcome
Only if you pay me
Oh, he was in Tara and Cobi's games, right? If so, I can make him. If I have the right colors.
dreams come true
Sunday tradition for Ryan Reaves
We Follow Back
No thank you!
Thanks for the info!
Trop belle
Arada unutuyor kedi
A friend of mine wrote this... Copied and shared!!!
A man's pride and ego will have him running through a red
I think that's my purse!
good thing you love going shopping with me
We here
You can still order them as we post internationally
Thanks so much! I am humbled.
Thanks, il try that
Thank you an excerpt from my autobiography
badass les lunettes Princesse
Absolutely! You can cat sit ours when we get them
It wasn't too bad, thank you
Thank YOU
Ur welcome
Thanks! Nice to meet you
First 2 player's got much easier questions
I really doooooooo!!!!!! Actually
Drop your Snapchat under this tweet, gonna add some people
I have been wondering about the same but cough it within lest they tell me to go and argue with my 10 followers
Thank You for providing feedback we just updated our site and fixed some bugs and improved features in site.
It's a beautifully handsome set and I'm sure your clients will be pleased with the finished product.
Acha sorry
Cool!You might be surprised by some songs then I think Biss and Voor Sofie especially Cheers!
What about the Big Apple, an apple-shaped restaurant in Canada to celebrate
Thank you my love!! I love you more
Two shiny Beldums in the first 30 min!
dumbasses on their way to the cube
Tell him hi and welcome from the rest of us.
J'arrive
glad it helped. Feel better soon, I hope! Thank you for the shout.
Thanksss
She will follow u
Dont worry
bout to eat and take a nap
I want to RT this tweet 101865290058653346796 time
Everything will be alright marie.
Your adorable cupcake
Tamahappy
Has anyone ever bought Old Navy leggings? I have some sizing questions!
Thanks for sharing
Jubeir cherche un poste
RTxRT?
Thanks guys! Look forward to seeing you all
How adorable
You're welcome
worry make sure to let him know cr*ation sucks
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off
Well I'm not going to point any fingers. None of. The other importers have that option even though it would make much sense
Yes.. i know not the perfect draw.. but im still trying
(Btw: 9:00pmso im little bit tired
I love these wholesome tweets! You're a cool dude Micky <3
I also believe that he achieved no more than any decent driver could given the same equipment ... just my opinion ...
What all about!! Love it
you follow this wonderful rescue, could you please retweet? They need a thank you xox
& for more Videos!
Is it me? This episode seems so much like
Thankyou
Girls that like to party , HMU We can be friends !!
Yes, I know hard to believe real, but here I am. Be a useful little pet and send me what I deserve
So sweet
tell her i say hey
It's an actual song & apparently means ummm not lol
But you still have us on Twitter luckily.
SOS: Who knows an electrician who can do some residential work for me?
Hard hitting reality!
Orange Blossom Yum!
that was for something else Emily
It means i love you cos ur annoying
The biggest Well Done to these two Great South Run complete HMS Victory held it together over the 10 miles!
Imperfectly Perfect
what are you confused about ?
The power bank is awesome! Thanks again
Will do And thank you
lo ves?
Anyway, generated a bit of cash this last week or so, can't be bad
Driving is a therapy
More the picture than the story
Arf... Merci !
I would love to lick it
The nerve of some people's children...The irony of it all!
Karma
Repost from juliaroberts - Just a lil POP of Color
be watching for both. gonna come back up there sometime and seeing you is on my list.
Very late to the party oops I've just been tidying all day and went for lunch with my housemate
Carly Simon has a remarkable voice and presence. *She's* the best!
*yes, that was my late Border Collies name
Aww just read your note in the parcel So sweet of you to do that. check them out
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Cheap as chips too xxxxxxxx
She will like it
PSA: a bitch wants some food from home. Send care packages please and thank you
That's an amazing review amazing Grace
Brianna & Quanasha need to just come to nsu
Next time from front
Somebody bring me a Red Onion breakfast sandwich. Please & Thank you
A familiar place with friendly faces it's always great meeting up with friends at AfterTunes! There's still
Hi Laz! enjoy ur blessed Sunday!
Direction
Lush! What Sundays are made for
Yes bhai
I'm very happy for you all the best...you deserve it
RTxRT?
awesome shut the fuck up Heheheheeh thank you
|
Maybe Kate can be her anchor. Cough.
- you ok buddy??
Thanks, and well done you for today too
Gracias
I'm part of your people..
We know that you are always beautiful Kate.
To and Keep smiling and one day life will get tired of upsetting you. I love
The difference is in the Taste ... Party Food Platters Murphys Rock !!! You find better
Call us on
Sunday snuggle
of the day
We are recruiting in my organization
CoD , fornite
EU player please
DM me
So nice to see these stars up above me.
NEVER going to cobbs for a again always end up in town with a two day hangover
A lovely thing that happened today
all good thank you hope your doing well
And just like that HOCO week is over on the bright side Congrats to our TEXANN Volleyball team in their 20
I'm STILL ALIVE everyone!!! LIVE about 1 HOUR from now! YES again EARLY!! --boB
Gd Mai ny socha confirm lr lu
I think be back for sure
These brunettes aren't letting blondes have all the fun (70 Photos)
LVE You Soooo Muchhhh Arjun Sir .
Lots of LVE , LiGhT ,
RTxRT?
Happiness for eternity
New pyjamas make me so happy
Excited to do that with raw chicken!
Starting dinner early today
That's Megha right?
I can't get over Jimin's English the way he reacted is so cute
Currently at 643,948 since 2/29/2019
done schedule for the week written out, menus for the week written out, shopping done, cupboards purged
This would be brilliant thanks for the chance!
follow my art page on instagram if you wanna
I think your Benny might be related to my Tallulah.
I said I have Instagram for that!
jus gone play it cool
TLM or NO?
Yup nothing could be better than that
Republicans? Democrats? Sorry...NO! Declining 2 parties in 4 words, umm, ta-da?
Enjoy London
That's perfect
Hi everyone, new here...just came across your page now. Delighted to see it and follow you! Looks like a super hour
Good night Nicole sleep well later
There are still lots of you all over Times Square
Omg what day of the week is it?
What a fantastic day out, our thrill seeker had the best day
thank you mermaid
what microphone are you using for your vocals? Stood outside your Brummie gig. Hopeful sound engineer that's intrigued.
Made me smile
Thanks!
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Good morning
been having chamomile tea honey and lemon which seems to help I heard of
Can someone give me advice for me not making such dead chat on tinder and bumble pleaseeeeee thank you
Black Girl Magic
MIAM with fans
Thank you Gina
Yasss and I wait
Dinner
From every loss, I learn new things
Thats how i take it, which makes me strong
New fields, New Learnings
Just Cherish the Wins
Thanks for the correction!
I nice root beer and some crisps please
LVE You Soooo Muchhhh Arjun Sir .
Lots of LVE , LiGhT , Blessings
Gangs of twitter
watching dreamworks movies all day
hi please can you advice me on how we can go about upgrading seats/finding out upgrade costs for a
True lol thank you
Acha acha sahi
Good Night ....
Have a sweet dreams..
hi you one photo profile you his photo in different?
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
RTxRT?
Beht I won. He barely played 50 passes. If we had bet both ways, that would've have been 60k for me
I remember
Thank you!
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Remember when we said Pickford would be worth his fee alone just for the points earn us and save us. Yeah
Sanchez: Thank you.
Me: I love you.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA LANDEEEE KOOOOOOO
Le Rocky. Always brings the happiness. Also, what a cake. !!
Good luck to everyone
Sounds sensible to me!
LVE You Soooo Muchhhh Arjun Sir .
Lots of LVE , LiGhT , Blessings
Gracias
What kind of sandwich? Details matter.
I almost stole one when we visited my uncle years ago.
Aww this is gorgeous
Fuck with local babes at
amateur cuckold fleshlight video naruto xxx
Thank you
hi please can you advise me on how we can go about upgrading seats/finding out upgrade costs for a
candy crush
Congratulations
Yes I'm 2 today
Yes it does...and good for her.
his money still put up every last bit of it
Everything is all in timing
Glad to finally meet you Ms. Mabel.
Punjab tour comes to an end!
A bundle of thanks to my Super and team Ary
Wonderful!! Fantastic cause too, I will see you there
Please check your DMs.
thank u besides the middle ring all of them were about 5 dollars for a set
Everyone picks different bits from the book touches them, the second vintage .
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Sympa dis donc ! Beau boulot copain
Sebastian Stan is a good one
We're getting spoiled by all these sunny days
Thank you
Don't forget his 2 new Albums "On Stage" and Paul Potts "Greatest Hits".
Segue o domingo
Get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off your order with
Well done you lot, you really pulled it out of the bag! Be sure to come back & visit us at TOP
I can help with that
Praying for a 100% for EcE. Kayo na bahala Lord. We did our best
Harry potter????
Batteries not uvek dobar
Hello everyone & welcome to my wriyter acc:
My RP accs are:
That smile shows everything on his mind leader-nim
a joke thing with me and
Thank you!!
we're delighted to hear this anne! thank you for your lovely comments
Happy Sunday to my fav!
Don't bin it blue
Mailing out free Thrive samples. Drop a 1 in the comments if you are interested in one!
Why tf are you guys shipping me with DanTDM? not into diamond minecarts more of a gold kind of guy
bukas makikita ko sa party si ex, enemy's, ex friend, best friend, ex classmates,crush. putcha dapat fab tomorrow
Puppies help, too
Aww, thank you
I'll look into it later
Tipsyyyyyy asf and going to watch Halloween now
Everyday.
Dan answer to our Bailey
Review from my YouTube reading . I love her videos so this comment really makes me happy . Make sure you
welcome on Twitter soon you will find a lot of friends
Really happy for you
See you tomorrow in London!
.
.
Thank you yeah had a fantastic weekend, I hope you did too!
Silva I've taken up knitting! Just a wee scarf for my mate with alternate knit & stocking stitch
Thank you very much to for subbing for the very generous bits donation
Thank you
Of course there is
I do love a good chimney!!
Congratulation guys
Need to start to do things that make me happy
la mas linda del rally
One Day
ORDER HERE:
Absolute for your friends
FREE Worldwide
Thank you
so right, I thought of it! have to tell my SIL funding their retirement coffers
Comme je te comprends
Hey guys! Is your limited edition black (#Halloween) sauce at the counter please? Thankyou!
Just speaking the truth
Que bom
"A river cuts through rock, not because of its power, but because of its persistence."
Good night
More football fun today with my boys! Harry scored 5 goals and had man of the match and team had an
I enjoyed your chat very much
Harry potter
May the Force be with you fellow fan.
Always good times
Oby
in Derbyshire - and Bakewell Puddings that are the business
Richmond Virginia wait
Thanks
Aww how I do love a on the couch watching box sets with the Bae then the on good Tv
Thank you!
bring jimmy buckets with you
U just tell us about the effect but i have the cause of this defeat too
So simply it wasn't a contest against
always liked Wenger
Yes, I know hard to believe real, but here I am. Be a useful little pet and send me what I deserve
It's not about time. We both went out and ran today and THAT is what is awesome! High five to us!
thank you! feel free to use them if you want
I made music seriously in like a month, and every time I sit down to do something it just work Kill Me
Thanks Joan! I had such bad times in my life and still have some that
Cool thing is u can still do whatever u want bas if ur gna do it then go for really short mish bald
I'm going back to blond hair tomorrow!
Ku na biondona!
Then it is Iphone
Let's do it
If someone wanna get me a Christmas gift a size all inclusive, sunwing flight to Varadero, Cuba Memories Varadero Beach Resort
Voted for Dead Passive
Nice. It was fun!
Je n'en attend pas moins
Awww. Thank you for this post!
we folded despite the rumours heard. Sorry and thank you
A Pup-bee
Merah = Dapat
Hitam = Tidak dapat, from refund baca baik baik yah from refund nya
Freshly painted shutters and door in Behr 'Bakery Box' white.
So long 1990's Colonial Blue!
does someone wanna give me $30 so I can go home next weekend? pls
My event is next week might need help picking an outfit
Thanks
uwu feel free to use them if you want
Yes thank you! Hope yours is too
Watched A Star is Born for the second time, this time with my mother. We both really enjoyed it!
Many many happy returns of the day dear
May god bless you
Always keep smiling
It's only words..some like yours that keep me going..others mine that make me who I am
Thankyou
Thanks. We do our best.
Tysm..
I just wanna make money
I wanna find love
I want to be happy
And finally Make heaven .
Having a good day?
I agree, I am an NPC.
Nice and politically correct!
Now entirely jealous of you all Rosy. And smiling.
Thank you
Hahaha
in my favorite kind of outfit today! turtleneck season!
You're welcome
Thank you for the RT
Heyy!
I love joining a group just to have everyone leave and make a new room.
I need your glitter in my life! Where did you get them?
MT673. put a full review on Thomas Cook Facebook page
aayyyy Mel~ thank you~ you can use them if you want
What kind of grown man thinks okay to send a girl a work related message at 10:30 pm
When you get a notification from your crush!
Yessss really
The only vegetable that I really like is:
a) Tomato
b) Samphire
Yeni
Blessing your timeline
It was good to see you too, been too long
I dont give a shit hahaha
Infinitely preferable to Eton mess
Here's my latest. I'll also be checking out the other blog posts on this thread!
I see everything
Gave this question to my first form class
(30 - + 5 3 - 4) + 4 ( (19 - 2)
Can you work it ?
Thanks
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
I changed my nickname from smile hoya to so don't get confused
I know always so humbled when someone takes the time out of their busy day to say thanks. Appreciate it so much
Congratulations
Thank you!
I need like 10 people to vote on this. Please
my old lobby buddy before h1 died
Merci Bonsoir
Thanks for your reply. I was just confused as the orange flower just gives essential oils on the front x
Feels good to see words of appreciation for industry!
Thank you, Rashmi!
Yours certainly is...
Thanks Alison!
My chest still hurts like hell but streaming tonight? Hell yes we are! 10:45 PM EST!
I know I know
Sshhhh keep going. gonna be alright
look at this beautiful human being
Tickety-boo, 'nother gig to go to
Anytime
I want some now
Coming soon to the item shop in BR
This is definitely (one of the many reasons) why we stan
Thank you
Haha maybe. We've past the test now then right?
Anyone down to do me an avi n header please
Follow
20th November
Oh wow lol this has crossed my mind once or twice honestly
Nothing like having colour chucked at you and running 5K to put a smile on your face just a small thanks
You're most welcome, my big brother
Thanks
Make for make?
dm me or reply with your links
A trace and it's blind companion. Today we've been working on doing traces and blinds. Tomorrow we'll do gold.
Yes disappointing I know, but still your right, the truth is out there.
So last night I went to the beach at night and I danced. That really made my heart happy
Evening Cazzy
Thank you Hope you had a good one too
Hmmmy B Bol Dyn..
Welcome back! So happy you made it home safely
Smh
LOVEEEE YOU A LOT on Riverdale it would mean the universe to me if you saw this Happy Sunday BEAUTIFUL
Completely agree with you
It's available on Amazon
Fun fact: I love sunflowers
inspired
Working on that He - art
Pleasure James Counting down the days to on the big screen again and seeing just
Day 21 of Inktober / Inktasy : Dragoon! I have only one thing to say : AGROUGROU!! \(>o<) /
Jour 21 de
Great view
Who wanna gonto six flags tomorrow free
I have to come and tell me all about it!
I used the pic of Ty for my layout
Looking good!! Hope is
is this the day I finally get a hello from a real life & one of the MOST BEAUTIFUL inside and out? hope you see this
We hope we can buy mono on iTunes and Spotify without any problems
is coming.
Cheers John
Thank you for your follow
I feel the same
Nice try!
ooof can't wait for Christmas.
I'll be building myself a makeup table and possibly a dining table at Lande
But you did it Megz. First steps the hardest
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
Yeah, must be rough for them. Hope they're ok
Hahaha
Hiya Rae not stopped drizzling here..urgh! Fab hike out with pooch & hubby tho Love autumn!
Actuallyyyyyyyy 2 WEEKS single & you be talking to me since you see your phone .
Definitely a Sunday well spent today
is this the day I finally get a hello from a real life & one of the MOST BEAUTIFUL inside and out? hope you see this
Great photo
fee free to send me money
Better
Hehe
Good night
Wooouuu...many thanks. So beautifulll !
is this the day I finally get a hello from a real life & one of the MOST BEAUTIFUL inside and out? hope you see this
I'm so proud to be a French Army
We have a purpose.
Best in National Costume na dapat Ganda eh!
Positive
A new friend told me,
=
Amazeballs!
Please let the cute face FOOL you
all going in my Christmas list!
He had us watch the Conjuring; the Quiet Place. wait on him watching naked ladies
Hola
Thanks for the reply, thats a shame, I think you would be very popular xx
Oh lovely. I was just getting a cd out of the car and I could hear them chattering away across the fields.
I wanna have non stop late night convo with you & buy you lots of gifts Wow
reminds me of
So single? So you can marry me then? Hahahaha I doubt be marrying anyone for a while
That was a total team effort, and an awesome win!! Congrats ladies!! Now I love this team!!
Glad you liked your hat Andy
Smart lad.... cut straight to the point! He will go far
$DASH Dash price: $155.63
QUICK! Sign up before Binance closes registration!
Neato.
A young goat is called a kid so basically you have baby fever
Lucky uss but that means that there will be more stuff to add to our notes yay!
Glad we can be there for you! Enjoy your vacation. ^FD
really? that convincing?
you guys would've liked my cnn npc accts then.
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Ethereum $ETH price: $205.91
Trade crypto on Binance and get 50% discount on trading fees
Sunday Night with Nikki Tapper tonight from 8pm on@bbcwm and@bbccovwarks
I'm happy about this new addition to pumpkin
It was great to have you there
I love you for this.
Hi Twitter! been a while.
Good , hope the rest of your day goes well !
I am always watch it on star utsav I don't miss any episode but I don't have star plus.
WHOA, that's AWESOME!!!!!
Cool, but far more interested in the chocolate...
America will see its 1st law enforcement officer as President of United States
All done Thankyou
welcome
happy to help
Did my makeup the other night , how did I do ? Lol
Good evening Liz and girls
This is a wonderful cake !!
Bruh they got Mario on empire now
too.
Lemme get the rates, I'll WhatsApp you
Thank you . welcome for tea and scones anytime
Skills!
Shannon , look what I finally got My Black Fuel Tattoo What do you think ? do you like it ?
Haha I was being a naughty little Devil yesterday. and had the best WET DUO DAY ever!!
What your not bout to do is text me every five min and consider is talking.... NEXTTTTTTT
Ano course mo? Civil engineering
goodmorning .
thanks for the RT
Results are out...third place in Tough Runner women's open category And my insulin pump didn't fall off my
He is my brother
And I KNOW what good music that would be
I could do a fashion show for you you can be a judge
I have honestly shown way more in public, your fine gotta let the body breath sometimes
Just thought of a childhood book I love, that is filled with silly poems
thank you , nice song
Thank you so much!
Hiiiii there kitty
Good Night mam!!
12am here!!
i love nintendo online! it's so great i love it when people glitch and go all over the place
Thanks Alaine! I love your writing too!
the lads wanna see you and your girl in Lincoln in the new year
Thank you, Himanish. Such sweet words. honored to be your author of the day.
Sorry to hear that Mike. Hopefully some rest and cross training will do the trick
New car coming soon
Grace never asks for perfection.. Goodnight
May your guardian angel watch over you as you slumber, pleasant dreams. We Love you!
Fucking Player
No an idea for next weekend. Chocolate log
Spring Time
.
.
.
.
.
I just found out Mamma Mia is on Netflix. Wow so happy
kudos to whoever predicted a double point haul for Mendy.... I actually made him my Captain and it paid off
all for these ladies halloween outfits
Haha!! I know you love pink and sparkles
too and this have come at a more perfect time. and thank you.
Happier
That sounds like such a lovely day! Your family & friends must love you very much indeed Happy birthday
Thank you for sharing ! It's great ! so very nice photo
Me today but at least I'm dealing with it at Elliotts
So lovely to meet you yesterday, us volunteers had a great day, hope you did too
ok back on
thanks Nick! been great hopefully see u soon x
Lol perfect
Today is Workin Progress for
So a recent wip that I posted previously only on my Facebook
Great to see you too Jessica! Catch you soon X
Good afternoon.
enjoy
Guess what we had for tea
what a reunion! enjoy
i can't wait a few years i want him out now
ft boa de ontem
Super proud of you. Followed you for a while now and couldn't be any more happier
Merci
start thinking about presents at the beginning of December
hepsini
Happy Sunday! Enjoy your last day of the weekend
We're all sons of Abraham. I'm catholic and I'm with you. God bless us all!
Back home in my bed watching the Cosby show
Thank you!!
I block on snap to give the liberty of the person not having to follow me back
reading it, too! (Not the arc)
Made it
Got myself a little reference badge for my new job in a few weeks
Thanks Em
Come hangout with me > last live on
I recently discovered this, I haven't ordered anything yet but I sure will:
I love it. Thank you
Would be the only way to go.
Those look good!
Okay thank you for this feedback I appreciate
It's okay!!! I'll try fit you in if I can !!!
Stayed in bed till noon
Off on our Sunday Llynfi Valley
Come join the Halloween fun next Sunday at in the Walks Lynn. 9am see you there
okay.. doing good too
I know right
It is! Good catch
Thank you
But I donappreciate your honesty
Kicking things off a bit early
Check out what paperbacks are available and place your orders here
Haven't listened to The Indigo Girls for ages! Forgotten how great they are
Feels good doing things for myself
I have very impressive friends! As you well know
Chainmaille creates some really eye catching designs.
Exactly Mark!! x
wait
Hi! My co-worker answered your e-mail. Did you received your order in the meantime? ^Fulya
Detective constable identifies the department and constable the rank nothing to get worked up about
Fair point. It depends what gives a person the most satisfaction. We're all different
Auf Dailymotion alle Folgen
Kind of, was in Riga, got back today
Because you asked I hope you one day
I am not a sweet potato fan, but will try anything once.
Ciao buona serata per te. Dolce serata per te
Great pics, the word hilly fills me with Looks like you enjoyed it
and the nigga who did this for me is on my christmas list he can have whatever he wants
Wow, amazing value Clair! Hope caught up a bit?
Actually, they will be prostituted in prison, so the sign is kinda right.
Netflix and chill
Not at all, Rebel! I will write for you anyday!
worry, we know you are not all like that. You are welcome to visit me in Denmark
Ahhh same hotel! Haha not there anymore I was just there earlier today
Ahh feck it..l'll make you shepherds pie next time you're over anyway..
Cos l'm nice like that.
you can never go wrong on choosing your own self and that cutting off toxic people i your life is worth the pain
3 years ago
My favorite combo
Have a great Sunday Bratislava, Slovakia
Hope you and the fam are well
Hahaha you gonna feel rough when you wake up
21.44
Goodnight
Oh, fuck you very much. You too
Progress of my Christmas embroidery hoop! It is almost done . Would you like to adopt this?
Dm me for details
Aahhh si poh!! De veras!! Gracias
I know, they just play it when the guys come in and Mackey does that chant, it made me so excited for basketball
Hi
Lmaoooooo Happy Birthday beautiful.
Dp epic bro semma edit vera level mass
G
I looked and find one when I was out! sure come across one x
It's my birthday
Nature vs. Nurture factors
Green lentils
I'll be there!
"I really need to lose weight"
"Just get in a toxic relationship"
RedSox
Lovely Evening in Suldal, Ryfylke Jarle Lunde
Cant listen today but will read all your tweets soon to catch up and guess all the songs xx
Them waves tho i love it
Yeah thank you!
Losing weight is so satisfying, I have found out
Je regarde skyfall ce soir
One of my first birthday greetings was from my baby bro in Georgia.. I'm happy
Love so cool!
Monbebes continuemos dando Taps llevamos 160M Fighting!
You've got a beautiful reflection (45 Photos)
Very Shirley x
Siempre con mi sonrisa
Just made french toast wit love
Wow.. that just the coincidence of the century.. looking for a boyfriend
Aw Obang it's been awhile
I'm in.
Finally been cooking recipes we learnt whilst we were in Thailand with the
Lovely
Record Strictly and avoid all social media until you have caught up
Why thank you.
Selling these cuties if anyones interested
are for the fam
I know right?? Ass Class stans know it
Reached 50K Tweets
Thank you, an emotional ball of sad and angry. nice to yell out into the universe and have people actually respond.
Sure.. n again Tysm..
What is upsetting is they also said that they thought I was rude n selfish. N that they thought I was becoming unwell
Oh bitch you know when you come home gonna be wayyyyyy more lit
Thank you!
A Money Will Never Excite An Independent Woman
It hangs in my kitchen
the whole package
need me a guy that can roll a blunt with me saturday night & can still wake up sunday morning for church
I just know 2019 is gonna be a good year I can feel it in my bones
nothing better than proving people wrong
Thanks Carlos
i even about to trip
Hi feel free to send me your fanarts or anything else about Post use hashtag and I'll retweet it all
Gracias
It was great talk
Happy Anniversary
ah sick thank you
BIG MAD. Although he'll say he's throwing in the towel in protest. Likely story.
Thanks! I get stressed out too easily haha I just want to make sure I overpromise so
Both are awesome
This just gets better and better, such clever story telling.
Grand. Hope ur Sunday was pleasant and relaxing. although ur last vid was a little insane, just the content of course
Thank you
Wowwww
It's just Amazing...
May Allah protect you. Aameen
High on dopamine
How lovely
I know you were waiting so I wanted to make sure you miss out
Thank you fucking excited
Feast hai yeh toh.
What is Mor Kachiyede? Something like yellow color pulusherri?
is this the day I finally get a hello from a real life & one of the MOST BEAUTIFUL inside and out? hope you see this
That is why Trump will send Military instead of National Guard. Then there is not a damn thing Cali can say about it
Hi everyone
Thank you
are setting themselves up for another 2016 MELT DOWN
Cutie
Love this artist living in Norway
doing relatively the same - but with and green tea
& y'a une fusillade tout les week-ends
Toh theek hey
I love these articles
Gracias!
Trans film maker in the making sliding on in
Wow!
Komodo $KMD is valued at: $1.01
Binance registration is ONLINE! We JUST checked!
You up to much today?
Better than Mexican in the UK...price and quantity. I eat a lot of polish food in the UK anyway
How lovely
No worries! We can chat next time
Morning
Chatting to my fans on onlyfans now
its ours , all our friends ...
looking forward to seeing you there!
Talk to you guys in a few minutes!
Oh my god Aoi!! You almost had me there!! Yeah, I like Amy and Blaze too! Not too bad.
Love when I see peeps I know in pics!!
Yall look so happy! adorable
If i give you my heart please don't tear it apart.
Done
you people say I do anything for you
Severe headache
Thank you.
Did you see this elephant tweet? NJean in New Orleans
See someone agrees with me lol thank you
Im more of a white wine person
Thanks Nesrin
serdar abi ve chloe abla sizi seviyorum iyiki
Glowga and presents.
thank you kind sir!!
In the bitmoji app then save as image & drop into word
To use Wi-Fi
So we r gonna vote here
Go to apple music on insta and vote in their stories
And a friend like Mr Gruber to chat with & eat buns.
I give you... Schlieren optical wonderfulness. Short, full video a must watch. Enjoy
My pleasure
Was our first but definitely not our last. I'm sure we'll see you there next October!
You could be right! Last week's episode was the Wacky Races...
Sunday .. so that means Sunday Dinner
Do you want to make money this week? If you do buy this $Rpm dip. welcome again $HOT, $LMO, $XTL,
Tonights is quite possibly my favourite ever! Brilliant
Maybe Chief Exec
Welcome if it has good vibes, else wave your hand with a smile and let go.
Let the smile be constant
Problem still persists.
Hold that thought. I would love to next year
This woman earned a free flight straight to Heaven.
Fantastic episode - love the new series and Jodi Whittaker
Finally they are doing something about their emotions instead of pining! You're all a good influence on them
Possibly Lucy! I'm rooting for retirement
Id help out i love to cook food. My favorite thing to cook is lasagna
Good morning
LVE You Soooo Muchhhh Arjun Sir .
Lots of LVE , LiGhT , Blessings
Ps put it in my calendar
talking to this great guy rn
Or forgotten.
To poop rainbows and fart glitter
Yep. Change my mind buddy
So me and go wayyyy back! Happy birthday court hope you enjoy these memories! I laughed
Esteeeemmm
can't*
off*
Clara .. I missed you
But i can't enter DM.. Sigh
I went to gym!!! And then I lay on my bed and watched my cat sleep
Doctor Who was so good! so glad going back to teaching us about history I think brilliant
Thank you
This is amazing, my Mom made that for us
Thank You
Plus i was born the same day as joon
hey Debbie did you hear the album yet ?? What can you say about it ?
I say that btw
Nah! Its you who always pop up on my celebrity list....
SON TAN LINDOS
Ohhhh yeah abvious We're all hun
First it hurt me than I realized it changed me
They are good
Achso
Is there a clip of the interview? Thanks!
I know The comments I've seen about the episode is making me even more excited about watching it.
Estuve el viernes por
Haha one of them had a lot of making up to do! But yes I love they they both came
Both non negotiable
Sunday cleaning before Quan comes. I missed him
Get a pen and paper I'll tell you the points and you will pass on to Debretsion and Getachew
I think we got her past 500.
Hope everything goes well and will match your expectations
Very wet and moody out in the Lakes today
3 green lights from them
Ahh awesome!! defo see you there, and around most of the day if you wanna get a coffee or something
Lularoe. Victoria Secret. Legging Army. And Target.
Me too. We can just wait on our saints
You made me smile
You fine asf I must say
manage crumble so going in the fridge for tomorrow
"Libre kita pagkain," or "I'll treat you food" is our I love you here in Philippines.
Finally I was able to bring back the shirt of to its homeland | Por fin fui capaz de volver la
Enjoy it
Obvs I'm an ME 2 fan. The first ME was *rough*. Lol.
I know you'll make it work
Maybe he showed just what is capable of
Komodo $KMD is valued at: $1.01
Binance registration is ONLINE! We JUST checked!
Me singing Youth-daughter Hope you like it, LOVE YOU (please notice me)
My grandparents spent the day making apple chutney together. so cute
Own you, be you. Is what he told me, beer belly and all I said? THAT'S you he said, Own it. cheers y'all!
Yummy mummy
Yung mga bridesmaids mong sabik za groomsmen.
Thank you
ok to spend some time alone
subscribe nya. Please
Thank you Jas!
Joggers are SOOO comfortable
Thank you, Raymond. Much appreciated
German Shepard / Rottweiler mix my baby
Getting off 3 hours early
Blonde wife in stockings Jenna Ivory fucking
Memorabilia
Trump is mentally ill.....so there you go!!!
Squeak!!
And you!
Yes cuz it stays crunchy
It's because you're a nice guy.
Rocking the best Tshirt I have right now.
Looking forward to it
Spending some time at the lake
hate how easily annoyed I get
But not like those hours went to waste, I gained after effect skills.
Gochain faster than eth
It seems like a miraculous thing to me
Yeah and I have only 4000 followers. We gonna need or or to run this survey
Be my guest, please.
We're so happy to hear that you enjoyed it!.
Monbebes continuemos dando Taps llevamos 160M Fighting!
Mouldon hill
It suuuurre is!!! - it rewires you totally.
yes will submit final report to u again TT
If u approved again I'm happy
when u're free again of course
Thank you
Thanks
Nice to meet you Fender What a lovely name
Buon appetito cozze!
Totally agree
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
A nice long w/e as Thursday+Friday off
Was out with Madone both mornings - had first frost so
Tomorrow come fast enough
I have to confess I retweeted for the picture but will have a listen now
Wouldn't it be lovely if being a new Grandma was one of the projects? Nothing like it.
Justin cut your damn hair!
No worries man! Just part of the game
One of my fave yoonmin moments
not going to lie only going to watch this because is in it and a show
Thank you
One of my fave yoonmin moments
If only mate.
That ref gives us nothing, ever. Right in front of him too.
Aww, you're always so kind! Glad to know you're excited for this!~
not just saying?
Thank you for the message, Pheladi
I know lol.. we went to the shop
Madre Orgullosa de su Hija padre satisfecho
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
It's Such A Joy To Lift Other's Up! Have You Ever Had Someone Lift You Up When You Needed It?
21:48 good night
Thank you very much really appreciate it!
Bruno Mars
Haha nice I look forward to playing with you
Pretty Hardcore Keto Breakfast today...(533 Cal-4 Net Carbs) It's good to be back!
Very very soon in Belfast
Can you guess where?
First weekend off work in ages and I spend one day getting steaming and the other day just napping all day week
I be doing chicken real good these days, I'm glad I'm improving.
Love this we should all have dreams
Thanks! I love your channel!! Watching your videos makes me want to join booktube
thankyou for reminding me
Joined as a designer
Thanks to
Looking forward to be working with everyone
Ty Val
Merci Namjoon
How dare you?
Waaah worth it yon for sure, ate!
Komodo $KMD is valued at: $1.01
Binance registration is ONLINE! We JUST checked!
You know it!
Thank you beyps
welcome.
Thanks Jackie, that is most kind of you to say considering your amazing total!
I want to plan a baecation to ATL for my birthday/Valentines day
Wasn't this episode genius
Oscar indipendente
Thank you Bryan I think I'm the lucky one though!
helloo, emily.
Gorgeous Algarve
Bon live toi bis
Thank you.
Tried that. No worries just open it on a browser
Laisse. Next time.
Thank you
It's not long until our October Days now! Come along and see what Duncan of Jordanstone is really like - there
That nap was needed
Ah here. Make me feel old, why you?
Okay, sold.
Thank you!! Love having you there!
Even with only 15 minutes of free time a day you could start a podcast
Nowadays, there are ways to connect
I love it when you find a new song to add to your rep! Another song to add to the shower show
Posy Rosy, Posy Rosy.
Our way of bringing a little of that summer back
Age of empire 2!! Ce jeu a mon adolescence
Your future is whatever you want to make it
I love this picture too. Wonderful to meet you as well.
will also submit this to u haha
okay it's for u ^^
Letter Project
Form will be updated !
' Hoje ?
praise the booty.
dw tris I'd let you sing risk it all anytime you like
Watch until the end...
Thank you. I'll be be putting it up in my Etsy shop ASAP if you're interested in it
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
Great.
I have helped people heal while being completely broken myself. But I enjoyed every step of it.
Community day is going well
Thanks! I agree, speaking to other chemists is a great form of self motivation
great.
Hey Shauny where ya been. I missed u. And thank you
I won't! I'll rest couple of days now.
Amir Taimur's tomb
Just captured hour ago.
What a relief, they were just tryna stress us nje
THIS IS BEAUTIFUL! I WISH YOU NOTHING BUT THE BEST! I PURPLE YOU!
You are following 2,001 now
Congratulations on the W yesterday!
Doing well. Been a busy couple days How are you?
Really? Thanks, I'd appreciate a link. I was/am genuinely curios. Were reasons
De nada baby
Sometimes a random sweet dm from a friend makes you fall asleep a tiny bit happier
Hi! available online >>
You're very welcome Brian, and yes I am thank you, hope you are to.
NSFW-ish Cosplayer Snapchats you may want to check out (18 Photos)
Do you know what it takes to make customers happy?
We have some interestingly simple tips!
See if you're
Waiting for you baby girl.
First time I'm gonna be one of the groomsmen. Can't wait to slay and shout Stewwwwww next Saturday
Komodo $KMD is valued at: $1.01
Binance registration is ONLINE! We JUST checked!
Totally RANDO pic 8: Lmfao!
***IT'S NOT AN OFFICIAL KLAXON WITHOUT THE ASTERISKS KLAXON***
Aww John, true
Thanks
Lol they sell them at my old job all day. For future reference
Ill be around from the 25th until the 6th
Done now a few hissy fits by me but done yay
Wow! Your hair is really long now! And looks amazing!
Remove that "sana"
Twitches is by far my favorite Halloween movie
Doesn't matter. lol
He's staying Bob is done. We'll mark you down as a 'no' for Grapes. Cheers.
i survived
Oh okay!! Awesome
Ahh he was a fave he. We do have lots of other yummy treats this year
I have one spot left for this. Get in touch if you want to snag it!
Thank you Julie
Just dropped you a message Coco Jessie
TEENS NOWADAYS
*Smoking
*Drinking
*Pregnant
*Drugs
ME
*Twitter
*Food
*Study
*Sleep
My Patents should BE PROUD
Awwww Matt so sweet, too kind. Making me blush.. lol
"Do not cry in front of her"
Sagdi lang, better days will come.
Almost done with my pending commissions. Before I go to work, made a fast sketch for a little breather.
Hey guys..plz support my bub
Please RT and vote the quoted tweet.
Thank you
see on instasnap tomorrow
wish me good luck
Thought you would have been a cheesehead You brave soul you! My grandma is from Wisconsin and always been a vikes fan too
What a great idea!
From Airport
I love you roomie thank you
ah amazing! can't wait to read it & read to the kids I look after at my nannying job.
Thank you brother
Sunday funday with Otto
How adorable!!!
Count ya Blessings, Life is too Good !
You know it
I'll be home in 2 months
I guess you're happy then
Great
Ditto. Florence went to get her book you bought her
Thanks Michelle
Tu tambe eh
In the house, outta trouble
welcome
tyL for another year
ALBANY STATE potential is realized
been listing to the same album over and over again . This shit really hit makes me happy . D Phoenix
Cheese, crackers & a glass of wine - watching Strictly with my Mum
Direct message is the key.
Very little breaks involved sir. It was all earned. A few pints now and home for 11.
i dont like that place we can go somewhere else
Chalo women hi sai
Why does beer taste so good when not supposed to be drinking
Bonne nuit
nope, you won't get the best of me. i got better things to do!
It's been a long time
Absolutely! Jo is going to do a poll in a week or so with several
My Goddess is here
Seoul National University Hallyu Dream Contribution Concert' held at Seoul National
Lol well, Knoxville is a Kentuckian and we're not known for our common sense.
God knows what his fool ancestors were up to.
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Awww thankss
Need to be in bed by 23:00.
I always donate the dollar bc they usually give a free donut w the donation!! a win/win
The interview is cute
Yey, good to hear
Sounds perfect!
Omg Vicki!! Just looked at your Fundraising total you have a lot of amazing friends
Pressed the button at the right moment
Who's the gummiest Star Wars character? Chew-bacca!
Takpe aku faham cause my momma told me tht you lack guys attention so I try to understand
Hi
Feel free to DM me, should you need anymore information
Mouth to Mouth
Always my favorite. I love Baringo.
Charly & The now just 99p/99c
Thanks for introducing them to us!
They should send some water too
That's good
posh on the boat
drinking champagne and enjoying my absolutely lovely new shoes from Moschino
This Bed is big enough for both of us Russell !
Our isabella spent yesterday morning reading 5 of her biff chip and kipper books we have at home
I exchange "Houston" for "Euston" when I sing this
Thank you
mi hija Matilde!!
Thank you cutie
Thanks sarosh u r one of the very few people in my life whom I know and believe more than me U r very
Thank you
fantastic Lisa , the best ever, No lie
She is very special.
The best spot: At the bar, perfect stage view.
Chilling watching football today!! Eating steak baked potatoes Halloween was so good Friday
Sorry...I am vegetarian
wish I could Roxana and yes can imagine, you have great weather
Guys Follow her Best tweeper
Followback
Interact
Bas ak bar Follow kar k dekhy
MercedesBenz: Ccarpio01 We're so happy to hear that you enjoyed it!.
Wow I can see you changed understand your name
Smile Lees Summit, Missouri
You're welcome
hobbitsadventures
What's better after a wild camp then a nice warm cafe with great
I like being busy Peter a great sound gig!
Thank you for helping us find our car quickly
Had a great time at this weekend. Thank you
I've been hooping for almost 4 years now i think
Jean Claude Van Damme and Steven Segal
This should brighten your day
....i just loveeeeee my when off
Already done
Will you tell Georgie that Mrs Lane will give her tomorrow to round it up to
Sunday has always been the Rugby day for me used to play for the academy on Saturday and then
We don't need menus for the Triple-B (47 Photos)
Faut taffer
Buenas y Bendecidas noches
Lol your smile's so cute
happy Birthday lovely happy sweet 19 hope u enjoyed ur day to the max, best wishes!
Right place, right time great player
Me alegro mucho por Jamie Lee Curtis.
My favorite 80s TV show!
Made that a few weeks ago... Superb dish with a cold white wine!
Thanks friends
ha. I knew which one you meant
aw..Huey
Anyway, hope have an amazing Sunday
Thank you
If that's the best
Of course~
Just DM me whenever to do one
Good night mamsh!!
Bitcoin Cash $BCH price: $453.71
HURRY! Binance is currently accepting new users
brilliant
...Vacances ??! Sans doute !
Jean Claude Van Damme and Steven Seagal
Another dinner pic
Is he playing radio's music?
awww bitch I love you
Thank you as well! Awesome inktober so far
Schedule food deliveries when they're convenient for you! Enjoy 30% off your order with this
Loving the Mario Badescu Spray with Aloe, Chamomile and
Working on my winter skin hydration routine early
Wishing you many many happy returns of the day Happiest birthday (rock star) God bless you
Will do
let me revise, if he has a friend interested
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
What's Ur favorite cereal? Mine is Shreddies and Alphabets
Ja
She is
I accept cash, check, card, ebt, cash app, money orders
Since when oh wait I thought you what I know
only the truth.
. tends to ur heart in the ways been lacking then who am I, who am I to stand in your
This is wonderful! We are so happy to hear it and we'll be sure to let Christen know.
if you know me you know i always got my chaptsick on me
wait!! and shops are amazing! Thank you to for compering tonight
Thank you! And you're welcome.
Smile of the day
follow me
My nails are so beautiful and long
thank you sweetie
I use Gillett mach turbo. My husband bought one for me
Possibly December
My Avon Store is now open, use my link for free delivery on any orders over
Exactly! It's gonna be Tuesday
By practicing loving, kind intentions towards others and towards yourself.
If you do
Good Night
Sweet Dream
Give it a try and then answer the question afterwards!
Better person. Leave Chronicler.
She always is impressive!... And sooo much more! we luv u
It's finished for today
I think it's because you are a smart, independent, SAF, woman, who will be on the successful side of any situation.
Thank you so much
Awh cute tho, I hope people are nice to me when that old
Setherela
going on? I hope good!
Followed you
The love of my life my queen bee
The picture is very pretty
Just seen a mom grab her daughter by the ear because she was acting up...that made my heart smile
coming back from Ghana , at least a stone heavier
For those who forgot
Thank you so much
Loved this week's episode very moving
Thanks, so are you!
Aw thank you just being a perfectionist! I wasn't sure whether they looked like otter or just weird sausages
thank YOU....
I actually don't feel tired
Alright ignore Notre Dame entirely apparently. I see you. 20-0 * actually
Also bloody loved the playful not ...
am dialogue. Great scriptwriting.
Thank you so much
Followed you
Always staying very positive to it also with the delivering comments
Edo Ogufe for the pain.
Enjoy and trust the journey making that decision
Wow!!! Fantastic Mak Congratulations xx
Thank you so much
Aww, feeling the brotherly love here! Happy birthday hope a joyful and relaxing day!
all about relationships
happy birthday ba! u know how much i love you. sorry for everything, sobrang naappreciate ko mga ginagawa mo
ini link shopeenya
Makes my heart so happy too Lena love our life
Thank you so much
welcome
Here it is guys!
Click the link below to order your Grassfed Brand Meat today!
Thanks Aine - it looks good. Now to sort dinner
Oh going to have apple crumble now in a minute a walk in the park sounds good too
Preferred pronouns? Just she/her
Congratulations and welcome Charlie
lovely! Hope you both had a great day
In more positive news, I really did have the most lovely weekend away
Lovely morning out on the tyne great outing! Thankful for some October sunshine
I think it's the light from the window making it look anaemic! I promise it was full bodied
Awww gracias totales!!
Followed you
Yes, this! His new shows are so good. Go find and watch them. Now.
Wish you a very Happy Birthday Vijay!
The intention is all that matters
Thank you for the retweet
Oh no I barely chose one and know I've to choose another haha
Btw, both Belle and Jane are great!
Oh c'est gentil Bon match !
I think they all did, it was the most fun I've had teaching a yoga class and such an amazing
Appreciate your comments, information always appreciated.
Thank you
Anki ko phir daura para hai guys.
She will be fine soon
I got it from Zara ladies, thank you.
Prefer my cock?
And you want just roll over and make sure they get to the playoffs too. How nice
Be thankful only 33 quid and not 330. Relax and there is always a race on tomorrow
Hi if you dm your address I will post to you or I can email to you.
Next weekend, is going to be a good slice of heaven
Kay nice smoking and going on a very early morning walk
Wow Have a wonderful evening
It was so good
You are amazing
In France, during events (such as football) to encourage singers and players we sing 'Seven Nation Army' by The White Stripes
I agree. Mixer will get there. Fingers crossed
Ah super merci beaucoup
Next time you might wanna actually think before speaking.
Iyi
He is cute no matter the year
Shoutout to the man hyping me up. My boomerang came out cute
Many Many Congratulations Insafian
Ah, Major.
Oh yay
reciprocity and synchrony...
Jy sal dit love hier
was great to meet you at today. thank you for the wonderful prints.
The most wholesome thread please RT and help get
I have field passes for the game today. So ready for free all you can drink & eat
I will be there!!
Thank you
fechou! Duas idiotas
Happy Birthday , wish you all the best.
Aaaw man! Hope you find a lovely guy soon
It has been
thank u so much!!
I'm young
They're not amateurish, that's part of their appeal. I know I can sound like a pretentious
I loved the crossword. There were some fun clues in there.
let who you were interfere with who the Lord allowing you to become .
Happy Sunday
Okay , by the way creative
My sister said I didn't think about the ladies feelings n that despite everything I should of continued dropping her to church
Binance has the highest trading volume on any exchanges
Click here:
$NANO
Nah shawty that's just self-love
Thank you Karen most kind of you to do that!
Binance has the highest trading volume on any exchanges
Click here:
$NANO
Freshfocus
Thank you very much for the recommendation and sharing of my album Ballate d'amore with medley of 10 love songs.
i love randomly catching my brothers out & about
Awesome office
It was! Enjoyed enormously.
Beautiful day in Totnes and Chagford, lovely walk by the river, having a wonderful holiday!
Que bien
Boys will be boys. Men will be men.
Jangan dipikirkan
comman look at breast oh
Brilliant indeed ASA 18
Yay! Thanks Nicky!
Finally happy and content with everything
Make sure you go back to work too early
Thanks, Mack. Happy weekend 2 u too.
One of my all time favourite poems!
Ahhhhh ... Home! Aren't we lucky to live in such a beautiful place
Feel like binge watching Harry Potter on this autumn rainy day unfortunately not available on nor sad
New things for both this weekend Tink loved the adventure playground, as I thought she would, and H had his
Thank you Melinda though we are kind of new old friends! Have a beautiful weekend.
Hope you feel better soon
Good evening
Have a good time now
The stepping stone I painted.
Had some special guests come visit me this week
Cashapp: $uhcharlieee
a follow?
I hope be positive about it.
In Sha Allah it will be come true.
Addicted to at the moment
thank you so much for the retweet
Sex is cool and all, but have you ever felt the happiness you get when he says
No worries
Getting turnt on a Sunday
Wow! Thank you so much for sharing this with us! So pleased you enjoyed it
Enjoy catching up! His latest movie, comes out in November.
Loved glee and excitement at meeting both Rosa and MLK and calling them by their full names.
Enjoy Your Sunday Linda
RT Drake and his dog Winter BTS of SICKO MODE
Lipstick matches what looks like delicious cake! Well done!
You guys are adorable.
Thought I had an essay due tmr but only due next Friday
feeling good today
Done !
Retweeted!!
Love you Dee...
Praying for you
Di man kita na meet in person, I know you have a good
Goodnight Marie. Sweet dreams.
Just an honest compliment & totally factual
You cannot rely on anyone but yourself to make you happy
Well done on a winning streak now
Love it
I'm sorry for your pain! What is CP? I'm a bit ignorant to some abbreviation
Soon as outta church me & my hunnie cuddling & drinking hot chocolate & Netflix
Thank you!
Haan,
Unse Mila hu, to I know her nature
A night to remember
thank you so much for the retweet
He was sleeping soundly after 10 minutes call and he didn't disconnect it. And it makes me happy to hear his soundless sleep
Hi Romesh, Jaye allowed out today. Maybe next time
I should bloomin' hope so!
Obvio
Bonne nuit mon poussin
Don't worry yeah.. We still good
Goodnight.. Be safe
See you soon!
Okay ich danke euch
Thanks Elizabeth! a pleasure to have the lovely Evanses involved
So welcome Craig
Good looks Jeana Really appreciate it
*smile*
you were brilliant!
thank you so much for the retweet
Hi
Yess! Hope you had an amazing time at the show
I Want one of them make them 2 chickens
Glad to hear that yeah super exciting!
Ya no hay
We will
Already following but thanks for the heads,up Joe
Happy you are Man United keeper
it might not be that old and a tad controversial..but it's dam cool at night
thank you so much for the retweet
The result I need for the Arsenal vs Leicester game tomorrow:
1-1
Xhaka Iwobi
Ndidi Mendy
Please and thanks!
Congrats and good luck
Minimalist for the first time
going to do another dumb drawing of peanut tonight I love being a fucking idiot
a shot I took of at the Mercy Lounge in Nashville. He was fun to watch!
Thanks and congratulations to everyone who came to I cannot wait until next year
Mine are a jumpsuit pjs with pockets so the best of both. Luckily it's nearly pyjama time now
Just me & God baby today
Get delicious vegetarian ingredients delivered straight to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh
Yes it is
This Jaguars slander on my TL
thank you so much for the retweet
Alright baby,I just transferred 2M to you now, just manage that for me baby, will send more next month
Stay sexy for mommy
Had exactly the same thought
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
hi there roblox am your biggest FAN
they really do - an eye
Thank you
Just grab a Windsor pizza to forget about the cold .
Stunning artwork with a beautiful hand written note included. Marnie really does make very special pieces mine
Don't worry dear you will soon get better..just take your drugs as prescribed
La familia
thank you so much for the retweet
Watching again for like the 3rd time this Thread made it even more awesome this time around
Thank you
Thanks!
I'm trying to tell you, no worries in the world. All smiles life is great
You're welcome ma'am
Beautiful colours, summer & autumn, not far from 1000 Jo
Ron DeSantis will E-verify to combat illegal immigration. not for FREE STUFF being taken
You're welcome !
He scrubs up sometimes! Eyebrow waxing got him today
Ondanks verlies blijven ze in Doetinchem gewoon rond hoor! (.Y.)
Thank you
Alright, no problem. Until I'm done then
Chivettes bored at work (44 Photos)
Great to finally meet you Seven of Nine! Thank you for avoiding the urge to assimilate everyone
I know.
love to talk to you we love you!
thank you so much for the retweet
Yeah I think I saw your pics with her. Hope she does well here. watch n judge based on show
Congratulations, so happy your through routine
When we win the B10 championship & still get into the playoffs I want to hear a word from
What hurts me is that someone like my sister should know me n I wonder now if she does at all
meets , History in the making and even a little to begin
I hope you have an amazing day today! And eat lotsa good food and get gifts
Thankful for today
De bem comigo mesma
Yes,I think that is most appropriate.
Thank you you too
Looks lovely! wait to try it!
Nothing feels better than being hit in the heart by a Pisces like thanks for the emotional damage you caused me today
Never got a call after that might have the
Hey just doing what feels right
Yeah wait
Save me a brownie
welcome!
aww lookit that lil drug pup
Thanks, the more I think about the idea the more I like it. Glad to see others like it, too.
hello there.
Thank you
short but
thank you so much for the retweet
Done
one tune can change your whole night
Wow congratulations to you!!! I know you are thrilled.
Takes me back to when I met you in LA
Yeah, people say it looks more like this. I agree with them partly
10/28 -Steelers in the afternoon & Phil Collins at night
Thank you Joanna you know how much I love liberty
We don't expect men to take a real stand against anyone they like. Suwara. Y'all ain't expected to cancel him
From the US to France inside 5 minutes! Haha! Time to be serenaded by the Phantom
Have a fantastic
was lovely to meet you today at thank you for the wonderful print
Sadly not got card 20...
not a lot but all the updates for tonight. I hope you like the au so far
I see the public vote has finally caught up with Seann.
(We aint mutuals but) the giant is me being you are a little beautiful flower to me
RIGHT it's so simple but I really am taking it in and learning
U r absolutely right as always And nice pics U r always giving beauty & harmony
If you find the right one,don't wait
Now those outfits are the bees knees
I woke up early morning and what's up? There's nothing happend Day u Freakin!
Aaauwwwww a favourite from College days...More than Words.
Beautiful Cover...
Clay - Cover By Bernice Shane, 12 years old
via
Revenge of the 90's. Muito melhor
portada!
I made up with my best friend after not talking for 7 weeks and I'm really happy that I got her back
Is a flower...
Gracias
Can't wait
I knew someone would get it.
Mmmm sappy anime and junk food, all curled up in my bed. a good day
I like how when we have marches and rallies on the Rez, Rez dogs join right in. their community too.
yes, that's me!!
we are connected i take this this week end
Our complaint is currently with the DM
Collecting foot rubs and sipping cider.
Bu burda
Thanks, Wilko
Muchas gracias!~
It's a joy to watch indeed
even if i get a few people to love this story. it be enough for me
Pms... Yeah, that's about as sad as me. Least you marked the occasion
Thank you x
My sister has said that she thinks I am becoming unwell bcos I am acting weird
if anyone wants to bring me McDonalds be great thanks
PRONTO DECIDI
The blond wig looks good on Jakub
Damn I had fun last night definitely needed a night like that
not for me. watching true crime instead
Ah good thanks. how you doing? Why the name changes?!
Aww. Thanks. More complicated than usual stuff. But many thanks.
Lol and he does it again
now guys! Best get in early
Treat the whole family to a meal and panto at Northwich Memorial Court this December!
Head over to the
Evening all Here is my latest and I'll be returning any comments:
Lovely weather glad you all had a great weekend
Wow! Very nice!
Happy Sunday! I hope everyone is having a Blessed day today! b.bosquez1991 holding it down here at 6093
But fruit makes it healthy
De rien
My aw. Scarlet heart ryeo
NW:KNOWING BROTHERS
Great news Vicky!
So much money have been saved
Biglia the assasin.
Made it home in time for the cowboys game!
Accomplishments make you feel so good!
.....
3 green, 15 orange, &12 black; totalling 30 bags of leaves,
First one tonight but last night.....God only knows. Back to dry weekdays tomorrow
Season 4 of was so heartwarming. Loved seeing Alexis and character growth
Hahaha u gt sense of humor dr. Sahab really pleased to knw
I can relate to this
Thanks for all the week fun when I wait for the theme, , choosing what I will post
Thanks. Nice surprise.
might treat my girls out for dinner I just wanna fuck some food up yo
Thank you. Great point
Me when a woman tells me I should wear my hair down more often:
Me when a man tells me I should wear my hair
I have never thought about these scenarios but you have totally got me excited
Perfect place brah!
No, but all that is good and just in the world will be restored.
Looking scrumptious
Good luck all . See you there
Fabuloso, R&B and a bottle of Wine = My Sunday
Interesting
Freshfocus
Always
Thank you, I am hope you are too.
thank you nick!!! Hope your day is going well
Sweet guy, how did you get on, okay? No tumbles I hope
Yeah, literally on the other side of the train tracks!
The owner is, study there every now &
Chillin with with a cold beer outside in the warm evening. Bliss
Thank you
That's ok, I'll block you. You're welcome. Namaste
thank you
Inconfundible
You are from Canada? from US. neighbors!! ooooh wow, come meet me
Thank you
My girls back home
Hi dear Hope you're doing great
Looking forward to seeing everyone x
Haha pancakes sound amazing! No I have come to watch my play as he is in an ice hockey team x
Merci
Interesting results. Thanks to everyone who responded. Very useful
I just like my hair REAL HAIR
Imagine feeling unsafe in a marriage. Man
I need to learn how to fight to kill
Just in case
You know
PSA: If you go to a restaurant with 20 people, make sure you tell the staff 20 people
I'll take two of these as a gift
What's the best you've ever heard?
Simply stunning as always Lynne. Give Michael a hug from me xx
You know that.
Happy Sunday! Something Borrowed Consignment
Hopefully thanks for the kind words
Infinity
thank you
Wentz 10 and only 1 interception in just 4.5 games with 1450 yards passing roughly by my calculations
Look wat i found!
Wat feels about
Aaaw, the Brummie I guided into being an honourary a guddun
Lol, something is something! wait
THOUGHTS ABOUT 's 31-30 WIN OVER ARIZONA AT THE LAST NIGHT:
I was there last night , so I
Name one thing about your character that attracted you the most to taking the part of Em
Probably my favourite photo from today.
its really makes me think of yesung clothes i will watch the full video
If anyone ever needs any help with their clothing like textures, shading, templates or anything, feel free to message me!
He PR'ed 1:54, he was so happy!
Nba2k19 is real deal
PlayStation
night love
SIP echo
Cleaning Up Then Start Dinner
Just fab
Thank you! It took me a really long time to finish it back then but really proud of how it came out
you're welcome!
Retweeted.
Buster takes his job as big brother very seriously
Mmmmm, that body come to know and love glad had a great weekend, will be with you in there in spirit x
I miss Summer... and bikinis (61 Photos)
Thank you! having a great time! sure she will tell us all about it in two weeks
Thanks Toni! few more goals for you today as well
Ya I know it.
Thank you!
Nope, not just you! Amazing episode
Mutlu
What level will you start in November? You can do it! hard but your perseverance will pay off
Dinner is about to great tonight
Watching my all time fav movie on UTVHD.....@RanbirKapoorFC Youare so cute and Ur
The one thousand of them are on ur TL.
I always love reliving the Brewers Playoffs games from years past & this year...
Yes yes yes!!! Brilliant dance last night & delighted that they and us get another week!!
Thanks!
Here is one of my Siberians
Have fun
Mein Limited Edition
Oh thanks dear glad to hear that I guess I best get to it tomorrow morning then
Tysm
a lovely banner
Wait until his hate black tweets resurface..
Awwwwwwwww
love is sweet oh
There will be a big man dressed in red stuck in your chimney this year so... Be prepared
Good to see Andrew Luck getting back to his old ways
Pink Dushera was what it has turned out in last moment you might have seen me not v. Active on
pretty
If you vote and prove it to me, I will suck your dick
Thanks
Well im just glad you're not being hurt anymore and you are happier!! You deserve nothing but great things in life my dear
Thank you !
Me singing Youth-daughter Hope you like it, LOVE YOU (please notice me)
My 31st birthday!! Thank you life!!
Bon anniversaire
You too!
How could she say no? You're awesome
Just send me the info
Lovely day with my Hong Kong family
hermanas somos
HOW FREAKIN ADORABLE IS SHE THO love you so damn much this made me smile
Done my votes
Went out today and I bought a Funko-Pop! Best part of my day so far!
Happy Birthday Fdr Velasquez from
Thanks for sharing Charlotte
Wait so Tata follows meee? Thank u dad.
awesome, I finish in May too! going to Austin
Pareil
Your last picture in your gallery
Thank you Alison and thank you to your Grandma Dot for the wonderful recipes. The Quaker Oat Scones have become
1st thing get when Fortuna releases! cute haha
Report first then block.
How much do you wanna bet that I'm next?
Talk doesn't get things done
Congrats! You deserve this incredible week and season, good luck
Happy Birthday Kyleeeee! mbtc stay pogi fafi kyle Godbless! Enjoy your day imissyou!
Learning to drive
You are best. Just followed you on YouTube I saw You Jaesuk and Seokjin of Running Man daebak
how was your Saturday?
Thank you
You just have to Believe
It is indeed
JazakAllah brother.
It's been a while but how people come close it doesn't take time. Stay Blessed always
Not sure where this is going but im thankful for your existence
It was! Pics never do it justice but it was really breathtaking
Thank you!
Careful Gunner he knows where to find you
Awww,,, whata cute pic
Eye bro
My cats used to do that, it was really funny to watch
Thank you for dedicating your time to my rants
I hope your studies go well
I had a very good church service today. I got my prayers and I finally found a church home
Fb friends- 1705
Twtr followers- 77
Ig followers- 252
Siguro nga wala akong kaibigan
First tweet
Get me something boo
// all good I can totally understand as well I can sometimes feel like that with my writing so worry
The Spy and The Traitor by is a fantastic read -factual and more incredible than fiction, imho!
Thank you
follow back mam
Thank you churail sorry didn't know name
You're welcome! You deserve it, cause you are such a great talent!!
I don't need counselling but I have very few people I can open up to
U n i This movie..
aw bless Joe he stood there waiting to see if he was through with his fingers crossed. so glad your through
Progress is definitely being made. Time to re-double efforts and fight on!
People's Vote
hope you didn't get too drunk. I did thank you. I worked today and went to toby carvery for lunch x
done
I honestly don't know how I am gonna make it through this coming week eh God help me I can't wait for Friday
Just one pair of my new boots.
results time. Hope my favourite Brendan Murray gets through
You win 2 nil that is poor goal at goodson happy
They must have both bought the same calculator from Woolies
I gone lie I had a good night
Brand New Offer!!
Our Sponsors are Giving You a FREE bet up to
Just
Good Luck!
Aw lovely matching costumes Welcome along, my two are 3 & 1 so close ages
Oddly I got a bus today for the first time in years. Didn't see Rosa or The Doctor though!
Me too Creative chaos!
Tobermory sky - an ever changing work of art.
Lovely afternoon tea at the Salthouse to celebrate Mama T's retirement
That's really good ...
Welcome
Happiness
I don't think it is, make rules and try be at the safest side.
Lol nope. Sometimes we genuinely want to spoil u.
This is & weekend struggles with me
Graciassss
It's time
Thanks Rae Have a good Monday!
Hi! The team is looking into this. Please hang in there , we'll get you an update as soon as possible. Thank you, Devrishi
Ahaha
Played with my face
Hear Hear ~ Me too ~
I bought them the tickets because they think he's great! I honestly don't mind
Not from me
Netflixing alllll day
Hope you enjoyed reading it
We do this all the time
Panties
My baby girl weighs 6 pounds and seven ounces ! She will be here this week. I'm nervous but it's a good nervous
Please check your DMs.
This nail salon got me lit
Glad to see this. Thanks for retweeting.
You are welcome dear.
That's great news! Congratulations on your first order all good over here!
oh titanic, i can't say i liked that movie, well ok, favourite book? Le Petit Prince
Thank goodness for that
Good enough
Congratulations
Repsol Honda is the best team ever
It was such a memorable day today!
Marc.
In a heartbeat
Mines sorted
Well fair enough. I was going to suggest 'Basil' My first Mini was BRG
WHEN you finish! I'm rooting for you all the way homie!
Need one for ladies tourney practice
Oh, ok, thank you
Yep. I have. Lots of peoples comments
Tan obvio como necesario.
Ima be drunk drunk on my birthday
Karne do usko jo karna hai attention ke liye...u keep ignoring such psychopath's
don't get cold ... a fresh breeze there
is such a nice feel good show
Really want pounded yam n egusi what can u do for me bro
...
Noted... I'll choose wisely
Of course!
It was, yes
I completely agree!
If I flew to Kenya, it'd be a one-way flight.
I would love to be part of the chat group
Awwwwww bless, that's brought Thank you
Thank you
Unfortunately that person isn't in my life anymore.
Ahh what a beautiful little dog. Come on people Noel needs a home please
Peppers are amazing I like spicy ones
Fav Person on twitter
Your are best
My best Sis
Buhat achi hain ap
Funny bii buhat hai
Yahi
Awww I would never hate you, you're adorable. A cute kiddo
Inspirational. I hope one day I can do the same
a special and pretty place to spend precious time off xx
follow me and i'll follow you
Shoutout to the beautiful She's kind she's intelligent and she's doing her thing as a Dolphins cheerleader
Ty 4 the follow
Here is the full Main Song from Give it a listen hope you'll like it.
// sure. Take your time.
Hi Twitter
Tell me Hi back.. Or You'll hit your toe on a coffee
Thank you very much Jmac appreciate it
you're welcome , I've got my fingers crossed for you tonight Brendan
Keep it up
I LOVE IT ! PLUS THE LAKERS ARE 0-2
Congrats on the 98 iv i Got 6 shinys but only like 2 Beldums was 90+ iv
I wouldn't be the best as I'm not a native and have social anxiety-ish but if no one better wants to then I'm here
happy birthday gorgeous!!
I knew someday this will end. and it's gonna be soon.
Schlaf gut ,
It's lovely! The kind of atmosphere we need to see in Humans S4, hope and justice
Ae na
Makes it four years in a row the Varsity Football team has made it into the brackets
Thank you so much was lovely!
Liked your 10 min warning vid by the way -
Tweed is open! Come purchase some fine lagal cannabis and a hoody for grandma! I'm here till 6
Bros.... Why not use internet banking. That one is free now...
I love the Looneytoon t shirt it looks soo cute on you
That was unluky Alonso...but still you're the best!
Heard that results of the CPA Boards will be out later ? GOOD LUCK TO ALL MY BATCHMATES, FRIENDS & COLLEAGUES!!
Yes sir that would be me! There is a Park super close to me that has trees like your pic all over
Well was right. Stick with the run game
HINT: when mopping the floors make sure you have something to look forward to at the end
I hope you always find a reason to smile
Apologies - I've only now just read your earlier tweet! Sounds like you're enjoying as much as I did!
Weekend Salsa Social Dance Lessons With Madstyle at Indian Navy Club
Nothin ry, have a great Sunday
Prego
Brook I get to meet you on the 18th of November I'm sooooooo excited. Love ya lots
Kana will be back when they're back on screen
I wait
Great minds!!! most certainly the best for reaching the clit at the same time...
Love it
My latest post is all about the incredible food in Sri Lanka!! All clicks and feedback appreciated
a sub in song lyric form
Thank you see you on board soon
gqom show is on the in two minutes! Proud husband!
I just want to get a day and deliver pizza at doors of all my ninjas
If they paying me double
I knew you would like it it made my laugh
2nd Drama Workshop 22/10/18 Monday 1.30pm-3pm
Please come along to join in with activities
Hope to see you there
i want to do this but if it flops u didn see it (and it prob will so...)
I went to Brasa De Brazili this weekend for lunch & they had pumpkin soup and pumpkin cake I was so happy LoL
Keng ? I read the most important , hers
Love dress (Sunday Look). Where did she buy it. Love it
Sometimes you get together with your friends and
Pareil
that's me Miss
Hehe thank you
This would be fab to take away on long breaks or holidays
Do you think I give a feck Andy?
I missed it too! The real shout out goes to everyone who tweeted using the hashtag
Lol, keep us posted.
Yup.
of course
why are headphones in the gym soooo good...? Plus side... u look fantastic!
Gracias
thanks nick for the new clothes
David found this in one of albums. never seen it before. From my first year here, twenty years ago
Hope you had as awesome of a day as mine was gloomy and bleh
not the most interesting so if people want to unfollow then up to them
Super busy week ahead at work then a week off with the family for 1/2 term
We must be willing let go of the life we planned so as to have the life that is waiting for us.
Finally a smile
Always
thanks for the follow
Everything is going to be fine :) just wait and see
Thank you. Best Sunday lunch I've had in a long time
People that do that have no friends, a small dick and no chance of love. Just smile and take pity on them
Hahaha, cute. TML is lucky
Spirited away Just beautiful
Whatever I chose to do with my life is my decision n I would ask the mental health professionals to define what being well is to them
Don't need to Sorry Enjoy your Sunday
You were lucky!! have been ok if our normally reliable goalie punched the ball into his own net!
Love the hat! Enjoy x
Left you a comment! x
We do tints Adam!
Done
Thank you!!
Eat cake first cakes anytime Natalie's Bakery in
Andrea, a brilliant achievement Especially given the low success rate for treating pancreatic cancer. Thanks for sharing!
I'll take you some later if you want
You are welcome
I love seeing people happy
Fair play
THANK YOU METY i was just bout to change it but now it will stay
Thank you.
Don't regret from your past. Just learn from it.
Me and the boy did some cute cheesy fall stuff yesterday like apple picking out east and it was a really good day
I respect your views... Your words always inspires me. keep going on.
Some lovely clouds out on a very mild day here
Thanks Nick
What is your Noel Gallagher penned love song?
(either with Oasis or NGHFB)
If not listed below, please comment.
get an email
I'll be glad to take on her last name
Last night was great. Just basketball and good company
It's worth it! Mission- Growth. We got this!
My pleasure
a bitch for ignoring you Is she
Getting dive bombed by Swallows this grey-old morning!
.
Happy Monday
.
Hi Angela yes right it really was delish Thanjs and hope having a fab day too x
Too many people for that
I stan
From what little I can see, there is NOTHING wrong. Might just be a like species come along !
.U R right. It's Steven Crowder "Change my mind". Perfect 4 photoshop..
as seen
From what little I can see, there is NOTHING wrong. Might just be a like species come along !
Thank you
Weekend Salsa Social Dance Lessons With Madstyle at Indian Navy Club
Absolutely loved it and the message it conveyed
Thank you
Oye Hoye coming live together make me emo ...I am Waiting for that day
Thanks
One Chapter Left....
Come on I can Do it!
Please tell her she's pretty
I feel like a nice mix of offensive and lovable
Aww I love his book and his love of Steffi from the start
Je vais voir A star is born
'There is a season[ing], a thyme to every purpose under heaven.'
Lets go face Academy
Homemade apple and blackberry pie. All fruit frozen from summer picking. Cost about 40p
Great effort from all the ladies even in that awful rain thanks Tony, good luck to you all x
And on my bros
my eyeshadow is nice today.
I will call them thank you
Best compliment in the world. Happy Sunday Harrison
Excellent announcements on into Sister Act 2: Back in the Habit (1993) and Shooter (2007)
I just found letters to me.
No driving for me then
you too friend
Hey Caroline, you come down from your marathon high yet?
Amazing!
Fait RT et follow
Merci
Glad you to hear things are good with you. I'm well thanks and have been enjoying this lovely weather
: Tom Hiddleston Says "Get Help" Is His Favorite Improvised Scene in a Marvel
I just really liked this photo so like, I wanted to share it.
That's good too. Very sweet! Glad I'm not the only one doing such things
Hey
It happens
Just compare it with mine then feel relax.
Hast Du es gut!!
Its my b day
How lucky
I would love to read it
Looking forward to the recipe book
I sleep better when your next to me
Yummy. We got an hour extra together today and we ate fish and chips
I'm the one in the middle
I have 1 out of 100 SparkScore ! thanks for following me According to Fake Followers Audit only
Okay guys, I am done with beautiful bridesmaids pictures overflowing on my social media feed. Please stop. Thanks
Better relax there baby
Never underestimate what a sincere compliment from a stranger will do for you. Also yes, I'm having a great day
Birthday Gift For My PH Friend Jeff
Happy Birthday Tyler!!
New York City is like 3 hours from me
Disabled and elderly people exist
Rica ederim Hocam
Omgosh thank you so much I'm glad you like me spazing out!! I appreciate the shoutout
Yes me too!! on my list of places Ive always wanted to travel and see.
And I thought I had I bad
Okay! Thanks! I knew, it was a stupid question, but I had to ask.
Ah I think I understand now Good luck. I feel for you
Yes you can follow me and fuck what other people think the people who matter don't mind, and
My sister birthday coming up how you tryna act
Me too
So Cal is pretty exotic but the ancestors of the gang that lives here originally wild.
I actually made it but gonna try it!
highlight of my weekend is my mum's Grad. I'm so proud
Thanks too sweet
That's gorgeous! TY. Love feel of Irish folk in it
I know Dolores. I enjoy every moment of my days off. Practise what I preach
mit zwei Handys und Personen am CashShow spielen
He says thank you
I will! I'm super excited because I don't know what it's going to look like until the day of the appointment
Joined & would love to be part of beautyneedsskincare as I'm exploring all possibilities
841 followers wow thank you
The last one is the best one !
I did steak and chips with a touch of salad and homemade mayonnaise and served a decent bottle of wine.
This was so awesome
My Grandfather's birthday is the 15th, my son's is the 1st.
You too Tony and Kerry see you again soon x
You're welcome!!!
F1 for me
Not like me to have a glass in my hand
Thanks Pete. You too
(at in Nova RJ)
Thanks!
Thanks Ben
Thanks for the help!
Mmmmmmmm there would be no other way baby!!!! I know take it all...
So how do you become photogenic? I never hit them angles, but I be hitting in person crazy!
Mine too! I'm guessing we are all heading to the Symphony Hall
Absolutely terrified of
Will do sometime
Red
I love you, best friend!! wait to make more memories with you
Officially grinding for Pinned till I join
They were to me until this afternoon lol. Thanks Annelisa, you to
Unpopular opinion: NO me gustan las series.
Thanks Tony
Today ... baroque castle Pilnitz
So happy , Lucies room is sorted for the new house, living room and my room
Hi looking so good
that was a light tap
the biggest my face ever got i was pregnant
Ha, oh really? If only I'd have come and said hello
That's crazy!
No worries! Enjoy the rest of your Sunday.
bitches looove jumping to social media while you at it , tell the real story stink .
Behind the eyes. The eyes are the window to the soul in my opinion
Cute???
Lunch with Master
I dunno but you got lucky huh?
Which Liam Gallagher love song listed below is your favourite?
Please comment with your favourite if I forgot it
Can I ask for the authors and titles? I'm very curious, and any recommendations are always welcome!
It is , B!
Welcome to the turkish Aegean region
Good call
Work hard now and reap the rewards later
Good luck with your project!
They will see it
One sec, my mom is calling me to help in the kitchen
Sons lunches for work. Lamb hotpot Better than a sandwich
She was good I hope she wins .......
Thank you LE, very kind of you.
Ateneo side lol ask ko bukas friend ko ilan ba?
my friends whenever going out and getting ready
16- fin...
This is right by my house. crazy good
Merci beaucoup
That would be so fun!! I'm definitely up for that
Make each day your masterpiece.
What are you writing this November? I'd like to follow you along on NaNoWriMo if possible
Still no baby E, he's 12 days overdue ! Tomorrow is Eviction day if he doesn't come himself overnight
Such a good film
people take the mickey out of my ears... said
No problem. My name is Kat pleasure to meet you ~
Thank you Julie. the foot?
Thanks for the tag
I want to know 3 things about you.
1. I hate lobster.
2. I actually enjoy
Twitter is not a dick, don't take it too hard
*main* Not Maine
Big Titty latina sex tape
Thanks for exposing me love you too
this even make to the shop I have now made two more for the same customer
This is better
this morning
Dear Sam Darnold, thank you
Ah no!! I'm sure we'll catch each other at another event hopefully soon
just want to fritter away the time, eh?
Happiness met them
Good Night
Sweet Dream
Thank you so much
Woolacombe
G'mornight y'all.
I thought they gave him asylum what a thank you gesture to sue
a photo from my free run yesterday!
Update will be coming from Hudson very soon
Abby
Photo shows
New here Need friends
Thank you Duane . Hope you do too
Well I'm glad someone's taking care of you
Buona serata /notte anche a te.
My Alfredo the bomb home maid sauce dont know nothing bout that
Hi how is life going?
An easy way to this girl's heart: Halloween
Watched the full vid!
IM MARRIED Y'ALL pictures to come later
aye so obviously no such thing as a single/double on holiday cause av been greeted wae a quadruple jack d and coke
Absolutely
Glad you like it seen them all now and it was time well spent.
This I have to see
Thanks Lex I appreciate it
Think about it for a sec.... you'll get why
Church was good
Ask the writer
Dm me if your willing to trade ?
That's so sweet of you Kandi. I love your look. You ladies sure knows how to put on some fabulous events!
life
Aww come for one
And if my Aunt had balls she would be my uncle...
Have happily purchased a copy of your resource, Gareth. Money well spent
Had a couple of extra beach bum donuts, so added some mermaid rings. These are made for small fingers.
Thanks for the lead. I will follow it up with them. If I have no luck with it, I may be back to you!
That sounds really lovely, we're so glad you went to the park!
Lol
Bandit country kid
Happy wife happy life
Thanl You... Will get the Book finished and get watching the series... Hope it comes to
so cool! Welcome officially to a very great city
This drink so good
We got this ......
You're welcome
Sending you some love
We already rtd the og tweet ~Gem
Never thought you were hating pal! I just simply responded to your tweet
Sad but always grateful for every mornings I get to wake up to. Good morning!
hope you are all good-great first half
The Bluffs in Windenburg. Have a great week and Happy Simming!
Hi! Totally loving you on Strictly Come Dancing here in the UK this weekend!! Can you stay!?!
baby k's mom.
Thank you guys
yet to follow back ma'am
I never thought of that! look into it, thanks
What a day it was!
Playing with all colors and Shades with ColorBar at Lifestyle.
Hmmm... His beard for all of its wildness/growth is nicely trimmed, IMO (which mean nothing).
Fantastic episode
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Shuuu ! she literally just told me that she's ok. My Aromat literally texted from the other side. I'm emo
I refuse to do my sisters quince planning by myself .. I have been getting stress sores on my body and I
Sweet
...."Leave not a rack behind".....sleep deep young man
Happy Sunday everyone! be spending the rest of today pretending that tomorrow a Monday lol
Perfect. Thank you!
Love this three eyed cheeky alien monster
Still not giving a ASMR whispering whispered reading Full video on the channel. New video tomorrow
.
.
.
Perfect. Thank you!
Thank you I'll try not to
...
You soooo deserve this. I was in tears you have no idea how happy i am for you xxxxxxx
De rien Edwige
Pwede na
I am, my Blake costume is coming together nicely
Home bound!! thank you God for the safe trip
If you get a sec, check your emails
Ray Donovan is back
*Currently over 500,000 Indian students study abroad.
This is one of my favorite stories ever. I love it so much.
Absolutely going to
Amazing movie as well Sophie x
Bruh lean back relax, and chill out :) take some time off
Love this photo in October Autumn Day
It was heavily implied.
Thanks for the wishes wishing lots of smiles and happiness for u
a crime Mun! We definitely should
Hey
Congrats Princess! What where you modelling?
I'm excited to see! Hehe update whenever you like, we will wait patiently
You go tell them!!! Btw love your profile photo
Intriguing
Well, many of your others are more detailed but I just love that one. So small and cute
Come hangout with me > last live on
Christmas film
The Ranch, Orange is the new Black, Atypical
Thank you for your kind reply I saw that one of my mutuals shared he had mentioned LA!! Now double excited
I Loving the dance moves
Can't wait! Though I may not get to the polling place tomorrow I will be there soon
Still handsome
Love you
so much shit be on my mind, but never know because my face show it & my mouth speak it
I'm going opening night
Simple test hi hai bro
Red ribbon week starts tomorrow
Wear red from head to toe Monday 10/22
If this account could be translate to football As Roma will be Champions of the world!
...so....old equipment will never be sufficient in a rapid growing Asic world
Wedding bells everywhere!
Just bought this book- looking forward to reading it. All proceeds to charity
Cool
Now you know ima real friend
That's cool!
Goodnight all Lovely Muskies Ladies Sweetest dreams
Yay you're awesome just let me know
Rea Tsotella is SAs version of Jerry Springer. Berekolla me. I'm ready
Thanks guys
Hi Mary, of course you can
Must say not a hooge fan of Dr Whobut after catching the end of last week's
Thought must WATCH
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Sir, you going global. I want to be like you when i grow up
Thanks.
Please like this comment.
Happy Birthday to you!
Idem
Better than my Mccree ,tbh
happy birthday to you dear. May God fulfill all your beautiful wishes and dreams
January coming up quick I need to get ready to drop my hoes
Super proud wife
So much good music
just a real feel good tune, thank You
No stress pls Following
Sadly I can't watch your link over here but this one works
I like Papa Roach
Aww. Sounds like you had a great night
A recovery day
Date with Me at
lezley zen sakura sena ukraine pussy underwear voyeur young
I know not arguing with you. just saying
awww congratulations
Also Friday come soon enough
thank you for following
Gaming is like dessert
Thank you
See you next season
Thank you Dave i'm sure we will with my son.
Thank you!
try that, thank you
No cool! lol. all good!
Tweets like this make my day no deleting yourself! XD
Like my 2 Daughters
Thank you.
Glad to hear mate.Hope Agne and the wee one ok too!Been too long
COME GET YA HAIR DONE !
Go On!
.
.
.
.
.
Thalaivar Sarcastic speech about media
' Chinna Pasanga ' nice nice
Thalaivaaaaa
Friendly advice: Marry your best friend
Hello Liz Hope you are having a wonderful day! Can you follow me today please?
Sir. Language, please.
Happy happy birthday beautiful glad it was everything you prayed for and more
Hope so
Be you. No one else can. Cobden, Ontario
Yes.
Who thinks a joker. Poi shoot panidalam. I have a gun.
Ooooh merci
right here
Thank youu!
Thank you
Putting on the skates and playing hockey gave me a high I explain. Been years, but I still got it
Hello
HERE COMES THE JAQK!
We already shared with you the new style of our King and Queen
This is the
Yes David Duncan
What a sweet day
It really is thanks for RTing
Yes!
Atleast
Thank you. very sweet of you to say so.
Left in all kinds of happy.
for and abundant joy!
ben
Behind the big tree
welcome
Beautiful, I love the sunbeams coming through the top of the clouds
Thank you
Like you with dark haired look hun.
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
wait
You are most welcome
You can send money to me if like
i trusted you had a Great weekend
Thank you
Us Gemini. the best
sending good vibes! you will get through this just like every other time
We know what we Miss until it arrives.
No problem girl
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Lunch with my brother
Idem ma educata
I love my furry little boys! blessed with such an amazing affectionate family.
Congratulations to your sister and her your new bro inlaw!
andas?
Having a quiet night tonight after a day of shopping and basketball. Enjoy your night
she gotta be fucking necessarily however, she could just be waiting for her turn to be fed up
Looks much better now. ARMY keep voting for 'Paradise' on Apple Music's IG
Do it. Always nice to hear about going on with you. x
Well done big yin. Never too late to see the light
Can everyone help out my good friend to reach his 50 followers please
I apologize. Community Day is working for me. You just got the times wrong!
More pictures from our visit with friends last night
No but we are gonna have a Nutcracker date
No worries
Claire, you might want to unlike my tweet now ...
Evening Katie. I wonder all the time. If I had taken a different job offer etc; I am happy with what I have now.
Sure thing
I have already received it. But thanks anyway!
I missed it! Please remind me next time
Malibu Wine Safari was so much fun yesterday..definitely recommend
I get high high and have no issues
Need some time to de-stress? Sports injuries that need looking at? Pregnant and need a massage?
dogs are better than logs. She went round the bend, right? Skipped the importantest part
Great job Jay'V Baby
Me please
Not anymore
Help me reach 3k on Instagram?
be 22 on the 22nd which is also Thanksgiving
The Thin Line via only .99 cents until midnight
welcome
Thanks. Appreciate that
Swap capitalism for socialist corruption and you're spot on.
Mw
Y'a pas beaucoup tkt.
OOOOH.
Returning all comments to this particular post!
can we please keep Alfonso!! brilliant
I got to listen yet but i will tonight
I know you missed me
Spent a lovely afternoon engagement session with this lovely couple
.
.
Oh!! Not a big fan of off beat types
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
movie day with Woods
wake up to no text how Ik not important
Thanks sweetheart
We do this festive tradition every year!
I know, I think still very insecure about my artwork and this gives me such a boost
Thank You. We got it sorted out.
Need those days once in a while Hilton! Enjoy it
Match made in heaven!
Definitely
Roast in the crockpot for dinner windows open candles lit perfect Sunday
Siiim!
Really pleased with the result. Left it very late
Yes thank you Caroline. Been looking at 2019 events to enter this evening after a day with the kids
Don't sell yourself short, Kai. Especially when you're being earnest. It's something it many people know how to be
Thanks a mill Claire
Just to prove I don't like everything about I'm not that keen on the new crystal time rotor...
flattered thank you
Going out ! Someone send me $20 for my lyft
Thanks man!
Fancying DMin me your gamer tag?
Always naman willing e
be over the moon with 10!
But I see that happening again.
Ah well the journey is more than the destination
Thank you, very kind Wizard
Happy Birthday
May U have many more
Many return blessings of this day
May Allah shower happiness on
Vick and Graziano will face the Dance-Off tonight but and are safe
im having a beautiful time watching coraline w/ my mommy
no it was yesterday
New video is up. Link is in my bio
I just wanted to because they added the Tardis emoji. That is all. Thanks
New Offer Alert!!
Our Sponsors are Giving You a FREE bet up to
Just
Good Luck!
De nada
The reason why I have two phones while voting.
Hi there. It's a beautiful autumn day here to. Just being lazy today Take care of yourself
Post video shoot yesterday with Coyote Grove
Sun-kissed beauties make the world go 'round (23 Photos)
Thank you very much! I hope everything is okay with you
Oh, ok.
I thought it was a movement tied to it. I didn't realize it was just that one guy.
As you were, Alli.
I know! I might love you too
Thank you kindly
Some photos from the weekend
And there were all the names too
Thanks Sara literally this move that made it flare up, but this position that gives
We've passed your lovely feedback on to the Hotel Manager now Hope he's enjoying his dinosaurs! Rebecca 2/2
Thank you for another ing weekend leave it 2 late to book for 07787 412900
Don't be afraid to show your emotions. Tao tayo di robot. God Bless you!
Awesome Absolutely love this
Thanks Aus Spo I even feel amazing
Yep, just somebody needs to gift me lots of books and chocolate
Thank you for another ing weekend leave it 2 late to book for 07787 412900
Had quite the productive day
I slept.
Worked.
Made progress on my research.
Now, just some tea and bed time soon!
Thank you!
Thanks girl
Mom Tests Cock out For Teen Daughter
Thank you
Not entering, just signal boosting this awesome and generous giveaway!
just wanted to let you know today that you are awesome!
thank you
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
The girls of Gotham in a boardgame
Oooooooh - so envious! Enjoy
Family birthday dancing. When you have fun together you stay close
Dance your stress away!
I literally just made 2 DX tokens (DXN) by tweeting this
And so can you !
I am the sister who take your clothes
Awww thanks
That's awesome
Absolutely. and are totally helpful!
Proud to be one of those
This one
Just had someone very dear to me reach out to tell me they love me. They saw your tweet. Thanks
been a fan for years! Hopefully will be watching more Wonderful Years! Thank You for being a Great Voice
It's GitHub, not "Github"
Oh so lovely
This was amazing
Bare with us one second (no apology needed!)
gatinho
Thanks for the positivity... just a low 5 mins, be back trying again tomorrow!
Just bought my first book of yours via Bookbub! wait
LOOOOOOOL,no such thing. It's the love for the people
Like any day so beautifulll sksjsmdj I
We're pulling the plug on Facebook (10 Photos)
I'm gonna be in the same country as you next year, I will buy you one
Fantastic Great job Thank you so much xx
Aww thank u
Evening all how are you?
Pleased to share with you my latest custom order a
Lovely Sunday with the parents & boyf at Pollock Country Park & House
Not to get on your uwus or anything but, could I just steal Jimin's heart?
i have no choice but to get out my momma house but not struggling comfortable
Jack just redeemed himself by making me fajitas then washing all the pots I suppose he can keep his eyes after all
are underway with Mark Maloney. Room looks amazing! So excited! The Principal Manchester
Home
Jenielyn Ramirez
Me asking my other mom when my mom says no
Pitstop! Should be fun now
Hello beautiful hope you're okay can you say a happy birthday for me To Anne please thanks Xx
24h before and it was already reached!
Jamie you were there in spirit and Jess was there in person for you!
on the tip of my tongue
Ohh yeah that would be great thank you x
All good buddy! Just a bit of a setback!
Yes thanks was a nice evening with friends
That's nice to see.. According to Fake Followers Audit only 2.0% of my followers are
Awww *blushes* thanks Charlie! It was all worth it to get your compliments!
Okay see what all the fuss is about at the Ashland Ale House
Thank you! The idea of getting it done in her handwriting came to me three days before EarperCon.
happy bday to my fav party too hard tonight wild one!!!!
I see Humpday and raise you Underboob (43 Photos)
I miss Zion so much
Still time to vote for Brendan if you already please
Yup
But i actually like the male version quiete a bit and sorry for spam got carried away
Life always offers you a second chance, kupo. Its called tomorrow!
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
They played very well and deserve the win.
With hope one never had options
Thanks Angel, Im happy too
Thank you so much at least I know someone who is part bionic like me
That sounds seductive, and preferable to most radio stations.
Congrats glad your through our dancing doctor, great routine
true we need to work hard. Sometime we could work on a joint if your cool with that
Binance has the highest trading volume on any exchanges
Click here:
$NANO
Its a checkup you'll get to hear her though
I won the squat off
Will listen now TY
Ah so glad you posted this - I wanted to know who sang it
Welcome dear celebrate the victory
I have just won another one!
Movies tonight
a safe place. Thanks
Maybe his mum liked De Burgh and it's stayed with him. That would get a pass
Come watch me Stream
every day
Thank you for the memories
Hope your mom has a great birthday
stop eating buy some food eat it all ugh wow this is offensive to people
Beautiful picture and smile !!!
Ice pops? At this time of year? What a wonderful idea
Thank you Claire!
What a great picture
a larry picture
(I dont ship them, but i had to draw them they are so cute together)
U welcome
Oui il m'en a
But I still had a great time
thanks bro !
Eat lots protein and fibers and vitamins C, hope you feel better
Age range 11 to about 17. By 13 you would either have left or have been transformed into an utter Thug.
Schedule food deliveries when they're convenient for you! Enjoy 30% off your order with this
hey bestie! ur day going the urge to punch you is strong Bee
That's my girl.
go together
I am as well. You got this. Most of all try to get your daily word goal and if not, know that's ok. I'm cheering you on.
I wish I Definitely a night person
Would you have felt the same way had it been a comb over?
This is the door to my heart. You can enter but you need a special key for it
Dad body plus dad mindset is perfect.
How about this design inspiration?
Amen to that
Yeah, but it's been a while, so I'm going to reread
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Que chivo El Salvador
Thanks for engaging btw And stretch my luck by throwing out one little
I just got so happy watching this
Thank you
fast
Really enjoyed it!
First frame second
This would be me after a match I look good
I love the pictures in my new lay out! Thanks
hello! I emailed you about my order a while ago I was wondering if you got it?
I think she is just board!
Domingo de paz
Thank you Angelic, have a lovely Sunday afternoon.
M really liked this book too!
He is a gem.
May Allah pak grant him with more and more success.
Lol well fabulous hey sis
Value of $EOS is: $5.46
QUICK! Sign up before Binance closes registration!
Happiness comes from Within
My always did it.
Kinda stuck with me
man, just a dang shame!! three stepmamas and counting..
I'm in
Sip y eso haremos
Thank You Phillip What a thrill to play in the beautiful Marlowe Theatre!! I've never played to a seated crowd
I'm there for the women
I prefer the green & yellow gele. Which one do you like?
Yes please. I haven't said it but that VMin thread of yours was so beautiful. You said it all so
do it! show you around my old backyard with pleasure. We love it
Yes ?
Muchas gracias Emiliano!!
It's about to almost be 2 years for me
Oui bon on va pas chipoter !
I came home for barely even 48 hours & im already a happier person like my life took a 180 & doing better
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Yes Luna. Gotta have a tight inner circle. Some are just not as welcome as others.
As a doctor to be prescribing booty rubs and kisses. Heal well my love
Yes they did - and welcome back
very kind DH
Woojun is love too
Hello my butterflies! Happy Sunday!
Ahh okay thank you so much
Someone in to play some rounds together? Hit me up in DM
He is brilliant mate, has a brilliant future in front of him thanks for the retweet
Congratulations Sir
Thank you
Thank you for the smiles Jo abhi mere face pe musalsal hain
Fayetteville for Halloween with my princess
Two babies
pull and bear & bershka have cute things, maybe they have some mom jeans without u having to go too far
a nice shirt, for a good cause
But listen to Marlene, cos she knows what talking about!
Oh yes indeed and we'll deserved too!!
Thank you ashok
Blooming brill that was!!
Yup! I appreciate that.
Great pic and now you have your next adventure to look forward to fleetwood mac with your mum
Love these
Oh yeahhh
If you ever want me to post a specific edit or photo or video of Rob, feel free to send it to me! Or tag me so I can retweet it
thank you bud
This is also very nice when people want to get to know u but if u don't even like them why should u give them the chance to get to know u
Thank you me either!
brilliant, thank you
Happy Sunday lunch
Thank you. You're special, too. Even though you'll deny it.
Planning the next adventure. It just seems to get better every time. Living life freely but within budget.
Puppy showers, however, are entirely acceptable
Home watching the Milan derby!
Thank you very much cheers, Paul
You're making us blush! You're best of the best, Mika! By the way, let us know your feedback about
A Reece
Thank you! What a kind offer, I certainly will drop by
touch it yesterday but useful, opportunities and that
Our two boats coming home to
in Accra *
Oh thanks I take that as a compliment
You're welcome of course stay lit
tan feliz
So far this Halloween event I've gotten
76/moira/hammond/mcree/zenyattas skins time to grind for moreeeeeee
Which murders did Georgia and Karen do for the 7pm show?
Our Youth Leadership handing out flyers today in the community of Kuilsriver
The countdown begins, one final
I love watchin flites
That was Jersey Zoo in September
Thanks for your kind comments.
As long as you're safe, that's good. Hope the insurance stuff works out. As far as the the animal,
Aaand some I made the other night... because sugar addiction can be cruelty free
If ya beat em, join em!
Wuuu, al fin
Goodmorning
Hey I'm kiwi too
Binance has the highest trading volume on any exchanges
Click here:
$NANO
Binance has the highest trading volume on any exchanges
Click here:
$NANO
Enjoying some very rare kid free we time even the rain, wind & mist going to get in the way
Gorgeous, Rob! I got similar today, I saw some pink yarrow, lovely it nice photos and wildflowerhour entry!
Yes for now, off to Ep. 2
So I did a thing. Tell me what you think.
I love squirrels
got a lovely safe and loving new home. got plenty of time to get used to it
Keep watching the real data
The piddle Valley
2 of course
... and 6 ... aaaand maybe 9 ...
Join him at if you're in Lagos
Omg dont! Gonna die wuth excitement!!! Cant wait to hear tge music now!! Glad you enjoyed it
Fabulous photo Kim xx
Join him at if you're in Lagos
BTS A_ _ _. BTS ARMY. Of course
Dam Jess!
Having a lot of fun Love to see her smiling!
Spooky OQ starts tomorrow I think! I'm only doing manips for it though and writing separate things for Halloween.
Yaaaassssss
Me after trying my first baleada
Feelin fluffy and happy
Jackson county
Join him at if you're in Lagos
Done.
Just deep condition after . Thickness and moisture
I got Wock in the pineapple, it taste different to me
Merci beaucoup c'est adorable Stef
Thank youu!! I really appreciate it!
Join him at if you're in Lagos
Thank you Jason
yes i am white. Good job
Thank youu!! I really appreciate it!
Date with Me at
ava lauren freaky porn gostosa leather gay muscular huge
Took my baby out for a spin as well. After night shift
Mis amigas
Join him at if you're in Lagos
You know my Ex-Wife too? ... Date Kate
Yes too two of those maybe 3
Me when I'm bored.
It will!
Winning with that beautiful smile
Yup
WeTransfer is easy and free and you can send a terrabyte I do it regularly with stuff I do for the media.
Thank you
Join him at if you're in Lagos
True sir
Many blessings.
Je comprends
Bona nit
Happy wala b'day
Party hard
Aaaaaaaw, das freut mich total
Dann sehen wir uns hoffentlich bald wieder!
Quand Bae veut sa photo RAF
Well done Jen. Great work.
Gotta love a tasty treat at hey! Hope you enjoyed the game
Join him at if you're in Lagos
Thank you
7 km en bici
The have begun! Have an amazing night everyone
Perfect
No above average category
Guarantee this is a lie unless me calling you a nigger cause I stand by that 100%
Thank you x
Seems to be the worst side effect to one of my crohns meds..how are you anyway?
LAUREN PLEASE FOLLOW ME ilysm
Positive vibes Bill. Nice choice of wine!
Happy custom games are working
Same here b
No filters needed for these views. Anytime I can be outside and a happy girl
Thanks for watching!
tu vas nous faire rougir
Join him at if you're in Lagos
Left you a comment--great post!
You'll be alright
No harm, no foul
I hope your kitty gets better
I have 5 Furbabies plus a 130 lb German Shepard who thinks a cat
Done.
oh god his skinny jeans
Join him at if you're in Lagos
Geym4
I got dressed went to the store, got dinner, came home started dinner and put my pajamas on.
Any friends going to the Emma Blackery concert in London on thursday?
Obviously it is a space simulation, but... Wow
I was really nervous.
Thank you
Thank you
Thanks!
Getting closer to where I wanna be and it makes me happy asf
good night , god bless you
not much of a film person Merial
There are always benefit to whatever your height may be!
If we bought it it would die next week
Thank you.
Ahhh bless them... Baby steps ay?
Join him at if you're in Lagos
Un tout petit alors
hello all sweet friends my new serial shoot full masti time pic .....
Can we have the option to like a video twice ??
You know me rob! Gingers are fiesty
Thanks! I had a family meeting and then a friends meeting, I had a nice day
cult meeting at witching hour guys! spread the word!
They are!
Ooo she liked a previous terry partchett book - good call. Thank u
Join him at if you're in Lagos
I guess your teeth ain't
I just like him, but i don't want to fall inlove to him. Because i don't want to end up our friendship
Glad you like it
Thanks so much
Hun ive already copied in Twitter and GCHQ into the thread, I think we're good
It's never too late to start with a new instrument a fellow music enthusiast
Hi Spencer it great Tucker is doing well
Maybe they're asking the wrong people!!
Soo you have to do something ou pa Marie Ange vitamin D
Join him at if you're in Lagos
.....and then I took this pic especially for you.
Most definitely.
Thank you
Join him at if you're in Lagos
Gonna look so cute tomorrow
Yes she was very helpful and knowledgeable
I thought this was the most awesome thing when I was little. I always got excited when someone did this.
Almost Halloween
Join him at if you're in Lagos
HAPPY 21st BIRTHDAY GIO Have a great day Love You!
semenjak itu. conversation hanya 3 or 5 replies.
GEREK YOK DOSTUM :):)
HER :)
ZATEN
yehey, hoping for the best
Pardon the pun. I resist. That was crazy artwork and been a Peanuts fan since I was a child in the
my 94-year-old grandad is delighted that so many wonderful people turned out for the yesterday
Good proud!
Hiya Benny & Fancy!!!
Such booootifurrrl !!!
WoooHooo!!
RT
Happy retirement Chas
I won this little guy at the seaside today! Any ideas for a name?
I am baby
Thank ewe!
Muchas gracias!
Iknow right
This is good..we really are all connected in the force of energy. I love being connected to
I'm loving the 13th Doctor. Just saying.
Haha, yes that is perfect! Definitely saving - thank you!
Join him at if you're in Lagos
Both my kids love it, aged 11 and 6
Don't trust eslly on any one
It's make ur life painful
Have you tried on redbubble? usually good for tshirt like that
Congratulations Rosie... Well deserved!!!!
Reported
Thank you
Straight
Miss you to buddy
Thank you
I like taking free money. up 12 now with 15 undecided. They are either not
That's the good spirit of yours is what I'm saying abt brave ok stay be a fighter
Looks yum
Mama cooked chili and granny is baking me a cake a good day
I'm most likely going to fully start this tomorrow
True
Thank you to the customer who sent this article to us today of the
sweetheart nobody said nun when cat was funky ... we been knew each other .
I work a lot but have to do something!
thank you big sister I am proud of you too
Take her to Chanel cause she fine
I have never been to the US. One day .....
I really do make the world's best noodles. I do.
very welcome!! Thanks for coming to the con, I learned a lot from you this weekend!
You ain't ready for what's coming. Stay tuned
Good week start for y'all .
Littoral Region
This guys just made me remember dat m single sha
See as em hold emsevz , laughing n gisting
It is the way I try to follow. Even it is not always easy
Join him & at if you're in Lagos
Absolutely, dear. You are worth more than gold.
Thank you
A very Canadian Hunnies & Funnies, sorry (18 Photos)
Thank you
IFB
Join him & at if you're in Lagos
Thank you
my old man had the winner there after he jumped off
Join him & at if you're in Lagos
Nuh uh, start of my 4 off again
here for a baby blessing & once done, DM you
Join him & at if you're in Lagos
Thanks so much! What a lovely review
Great photos, thanks Sam
Join him & at if you're in Lagos
Had a great weekend, glad my monkeys are home
Thanks my friend
Good morning
Thankyou so much hope doing well
Thank you I want to make more of them now
Good Morning Monday!
So glad to hear. Thanks for the update.
I just won this killer Motherboard from hehehhehhh YEAH so happy right now
Sure thing
thank you
We went last week - it was a fab show!! Enjoy.
got me n my old man tickets for our first game
You make that bed look real comfy
Join him & at if you're in Lagos
Quote the Queen, Your boy is doing well.
this guys presentation of things is priceless
du auch
Lovely people! Makes you feel that social media is worth it
Thanks girl
Thanks
Moi pri ce sac
Thank you
Definitely the little things that counts
Didnt like the silent auction prefer the proper one too told mandy shes gettin no more tho
Good night
Join him & at if you're in Lagos
I think I wanna sell my car . But once I get my surgery getting something bigger
Cool !
Thank you
I'm praying for "Republican's" to WIN myself!
Ohio state is in the ap poll
Here is the old owner of this account speaking, the actual owner doesn't know I'm on it.
Can I consider myself a hacker?
Blimey if losing to man city and Chelsea a nightmare start I would hate to see a horror movie
I talked to Maryam today
After so long.
Aww hey mate and doggie
Nicely done, the first episode my son has enjoyed since Matt Smith departed
I know right. Join him & at if you're in Lagos
Will you be our
No problem
Deepu kitni cute lag rahi is pic me
Would love to!
Respect
7.7lbs 20inches?
Had a great weekend away in London thank you to at St for yet another great stay
Really pleased you enjoyed it.
.. What would you call this Pussy ??
Grattis!
yesssss, yes he is
Thanks, future wife!
Yaa we need more of yu surely
You are very welcome Diane
You couldn't have said it any better. Join him & at if you're in Lagos
Done!
chile i start work tuesday and i cant wait to put these hours in man
well I do I try to be nice. Plus, good manners cost anything.
Have a super Sunday Austin
Join him & at if you're in Lagos
You know a parody acct right?
bcoz drunk pepol always speak wat they dont want to speak when they not drunk. But be careful with drunk pepol Ana
Great tim thank you for asking!
Join him & at if you're in Lagos
Aww!! I miss
Alice is here to help close out your Thursday (26 Photos)
So thankful for this incredible weekend Seeing again and have a great time together in
C'est clair
Our Having Coffee ..
Behind the scene of
I just want the picture of every
Join him & at if you're in Lagos
True dat they are laaaaaav
Tati supporting her brother this morning
how are you and the little one?
Gracias
Thank you!! working on changing that over-the-pond-thing but probably going to take another year.
what a lovely words!
see on thanksgiving and watch the rankings fall
I see the bunny
You know ok wherever we are. in it and all that matters. And I will be proudly representing.
Join him & at if you're in Lagos
I had a really strong supernatural phase like 8 years ago so yeah I actually thought of a crossroad demon while making this
Treated myself to a Banana and Chocolate milkshake.
You've got a beautiful reflection (41 Photos)
Mkay just learned something new today
Sole fish you say? I'll try it out
Und es war gut
Join him & at if you're in Lagos
Found it. This is fun!
You are most welcome as always
This is my normal everyday driving
Very nice to catch up with my kindergarten buddy, Tammy and her family!
.
.
An a
hello all sweet friends my new serial shoot full masti time pic .....
back on my hoe shit
He keeps coming back.. and point proven.. nobody me
Join him & at if you're in Lagos
Thank you Hun
Whosee ready? ticket link :
Fancy Dress is optional see you there
Congratulations Damola. Success is yours
Glad you all arrived safely, very tired sure but safe..
The only homecoming I went to in high school... say it was pretty great
Join him & at if you're in Lagos
try my very best to
I'm immortal then.
Today I managed to do some chores, study a , go for a walk, and watch another movie
Yes, this is all for BTS
Today's 'Interview With A Mum In Business' is with Hannah; creator of kids activity store; The Busy Box Company.
Took a break from skincare and drenched my face in dudu osun for 2 weeks... Face back to normal
Ben !
Aww thats nice to hear I inspired you
Everyone has such great pictures of the sweater
Join the BOSS & at if you're in Lagos
Oh and my credit went up 79 points in 3 months ayeeeee
thank youuu
Yup! I bought a size 34 Jean izolo eating clean contributes emensly
I like coffee
Ok kiddy killers... no bus.
Kill 5 of them Lord
Join him & at if you're in Lagos
I hope you had a great weekend
Family's love is everything
Now please, I take card, cash and PayPal
Join him & at if you're in Lagos
I really am though off now gotta go make chicken lettuce wraps for my family
My mum told me never to take what does not belong to me
Thanks my friend
IFB
I believe I'll have to do that.
Join him & at if you're in Lagos
That was another one
Tout te va miss, tu es au top !
Une photo
Thanks glad yours is better! had it the last 3 evenings this weekend
Thanks, yeah Canyon makes some nice bikes
pafollow po hihi salamat
Ja tez
I'm a grown woman. I can deal with it. Heard worse
This is beautiful
Thank you
Work is peaceful today
Thanks for naming me french to follow
congrats
I dare you to follow me
yess! next time I will!
hill house!
Seems like he had fun
HS friends meet up! Oh come on! This is real.
Thank you
Bode!!! Sweet hugs all da wayz to Atlantis, beloved pal
RT Hiya Benny & Fancy!!!
So much fun. Would love to see back on the show in a more permanent role
Are you coming by today? We are serving brunch until 2:30 and will have Dinner Service from 5:00-10:00pm! See you
Still alive... keep on rolling say the last two tunes. doing good things for your community. Keep at it
Music can repair brain damage and returns lost memories
Couldn't finish but it was delish
For da lady
Oooh I love FF9 thats my Second Favourite Next to 10.
I love this also have a gr8 enjoy
Congrats to you!
Men are trash no more
I was right
Hey, pleased to say, after much complaining, the tickets have arrived via email this afternoon.
Yes, please
Many more trees
DM is about 2 hours north of Warwick, where we were last weekend.
Must so
Now all available look in the comments if you want one
Ton sourire
She wants the keys to the ride
Your life your decision
At I'm here to support, though di man ako lahat ng oras nandito naging busy lang talaga sa school.
I made acorn squash soup
Nothing
determined to take a trip to Paris by the time 25 mark my words
is something you have to keep working for and searching for in your life.
Your brain is NOT
5. The meaning behind my username: Kami is from my first name Kamila and Alex is from Aleksandra my second name
thx i will for sure!!
Happy birthday have funs I wuvs you
Or find the story in your data
Thank you so much! 1st time participating but glad people seem to enjoy
Siempre
This made me happy
thank you coach!
Congratulations, girls.
thank you so much!!
Check out my Last cover And let me know what you think
I charge
Hi Heather x i jus watchin flite
I hate being sick, but I love how much my man is taking care of me
You only have to retweet it
Long sex in the car
Good morning . home from work .
at Fortuna Street, F.B Harrison, Pasay City
(squees) I just about how cute an alternate version of your OC would be as a mother to Chat and Rena.
Awww thank you
Muchas gracias David
Stunning Video Thanks for sharing
I am! I'm so excited!
He is fab, I really hope he goes far xx fab performance tonight love it
Thanks Coach!!
June 7th
I love it! Cover, book and author
Gorgeous.
Follow me
Thank you. already in a much better place.
and guess who's a hopeless romantic
I agree with you Harry, Jodie Whittaker is playing the role well.
I saw one and I married her
Totally agree
I get that a lot about my eyes
Photoshoot today with my beautiful Georgian model and good friend Tamar Tsomaia at Brooklyn New York
Do you have an email for complaints please? Been looking online and can't find one... thanks
Mine says it is very fulfilling to be called Daddy. It makes him proud as well, so you are not alone, Mr. Diesel
coffee time? tl
Or listening to slow soft music
lolol omg thank you
Thank you
Chin tickle time Me luvs it so
omg ilysm sebby, you are not alone!! here for you.
Monk! You're such a great moderator! Rest up.
Hi best photo good night
I gave away one of my sneakers today
Also take shit from anyone your body and you can what the fuck you want. That being said I also wish you the best
holding on to my 29 years until November 12 4:30pm...do not put age 30 on me until then,
Thanks
We can hang hit me up if you keen.
I just helped my coworker register to vote. so proud of myself for being able to help her understand the importance even at 19.
Wow! That's gorgeous
Jessica dancing
Gonna download Peach Girl here Thanks
Inoo-chan
Sanada iyi geceler
So I have shared with u a little bit about how I feel n I wanted u to think am I just a selfish bitch or do I have a mental health problem
Welcome
Hooray!
Yoga is a great workout.
Feel so good
I, Edgar Alejandro Ornelas Muniz, invite my followers, to Birthday Bash
My pleasure Kas
'Resilience' and 'The Road Not Taken' in particular are superb. (and
Screw you, you privileged monster
Howdy Tweeps! Bonjour, tout le monde!
Hi guys is it Okay to take a child for DNA tests secretly as a FATHER, what's your take on this guys?.... asking for a FRIEND
Guess what not doing anymore : sacrificing my happiness for anyone else
also the other children are doing fine too
Blimey - I might eat a pre-emptive orange
It goes in doesn't it
Yes I thank you
Day of Wonder
I know
Omg, that is soooo beautiful!
holding on to hope that be gone soon.
Hope you have a better day tomorrow
Priceless ass smile
things never is a lyric in the song Opening Up
Great to hear you approve of our tasty Halloween treats
Absolutely. Message me anytime.
Hooray!
Look out for mid am there next year
Sounds good
I literally smile every single time your name pops up on my phone. You make me so happy.
And you too Panasonic G9 micro four thirds camera
a good day
Line growth Study.
.Houdini.
Of course XRP can and will be scaled up considerably
Thanks Tash!
Hey fancy a scrim? And if our team wins you stop copying our website everytime we update it?
Right next two the safety notice aswell
Yes yes! Let's eat together
welcome aur ek bar phirse happy birthday rohit
You are
I agree. It's my new favorite word.
Surely
Out of breath after dancing to welcome home boys
Yeah your right but I have enjoyed winning the league cup these last few years I want us to win
lazy sunday not going anywhere
Fullfilling is a good word to describe it as well! Thank you for that!
yes naman
Everyday highlight
It made us smile
Kommt gut in die neue Woche Vielen Dank
Me and Callum are watching my nephews till Wednesday and only been half a day and I am stressed already the kid life for me
Lovely you as well
Commented! x
I love you all my sisters one day i shall wear this permanently
sorry for the filters its was
Was about asking too
Good morning
Get turn by turn directions with the app on give it a try now
Learn more
Shared this with my wife. looking for a new case
It's hard enough growing some veg to eat never mind show palsy
Need Vanilla, Sunshine, or Coconuts? Hire Lucky now!
Thank you Kas - that's extremely kind of you to say. I really appreciate it!
Keep sharing the petition around and make it one day soon i know every signature counts
Oww!! Take care Andrew... show your outstanding dance skills post recovery
I like this
soy un
Bless you and thanks!
You get a follow for a that
I love this book and especially loved listening to the audiobook. Thanks for the reminder to start over again
Done
in a good mood now
Thank you working on providing more relevant content for
The beard is AWESOME
How lovely
You know it's an easy Saturday when the hardest decision was or so glad
Thanks for the feedback ;0) cheers, Paul
Took her downstairs to pick her game and we here playing Mario Party waiting for some pizza
Help my friend to rt this thankyou
have some good songs
Thank you so much xx
Awww thanks boo
Love it!!
Yes, very marginal and normally the forward gets the nod.
Agreed, goals generally more exciting than flags.
Legit driving to a different state for a concert
Thanks bro
sure you must have a financial stake in it as well. Good day.
Take your time.
I will friend thank you
i'm selling it at my store, feel free to check it out if you're interested
Sorry to see you go Vick, horrible seeing anyone go & you did brilliant
Battle of bosworth happend 4 miles from my house sorry, I'm not
Brilliant episode 10/10 Malorie Blackman please return to write more Who, that episode was gorgeous this is how
Yes there will be the music, but not a concert
Thank you! A great poem. We look forward to reading more
congratulations Rosie xx
well done xx
Sunday. cold. windy. plenty of excuses to stay inside and at home. But nah.
Yeah it made me understand it more too, your welcome
Wow. I feel like spitting at Katya and Seann
I make a mean cappuccino from the office Nespresso. Quite arty with the chocolate sprinkles too
I love that Magalie!
Mmmmm! Looks delicious. Served with Madagascar vanilla ice cream? Delightful! Enjoy
Follow back biko!
Welcome aboard!
Don't rush, it's okay, don't worry, and don't be sorry. You're absolutely fine.
This you!!!??
Thank you
Mine too
Well can continue being childish and bashing Maddie. gonna go blast her music and continue supporting her.
Anybody wanna come to my homecoming ? Spend the week with me
Well can continue being childish and bashing Maddie. gonna go blast her music and continue supporting her.
Jam jam come and take 100k
I'm sure England will welcome you As we will welcome those wanting out of Brexit England
Amazing track from Touched very first release. Myself on mastering duties
Always great when you find your laptop charger>>
Of course we did!
Knowing them, both will probably happen again sometime. go then!
Brilliant pics Tony, Lancashire impressive walking distance too
Off to Michael's I go! Gonna try my hand at macrame
Lol be the one to take the picture for memories
cummies, nice and yummy Thick and gooey, feel like honey That sweet milk,
Sound check is complete thanks to my sound guy, my dad I AM SO EXCITED FOR TONIGHT!
You are amazing. Polaroid is addictive. Love it so much!
Beautiful! it suits you, you are looking very well! X
Ah OK, thanks
It was really nice! I had a great time and looking forward to their next visit. I believe I said that
Thank you
feel free to come along to a local business breakfast meeting in Llandudno to tell everyone what you do
Luxury Resort Beach in Punta Cana
Most welcome
Your Body is a Wonderland | John Mayer
My Aqua Rising son see right through people's bullshit, I'm proud of him
dont stop watching
So happy to have you back
Looking forward to seeing your
We love it here in the city
We are home.
Leysam's IG
U guys choose who should be racist & who shouldn't " he probably didn't mean it " ?
Huge fan of these
I'm a very chilled out person
I never got a notification, ugh I'm sorry!! You still wanna pair up?
milk is doing him good! And, yes! Lilly turned 4 months on the 14th we have a doctors
Hmm sorry and leave it
Nice day out went for a walk today love my walks
Scotland sounds wonderful. Hope you're having good weather. Nothing worse than a beach in the rain
not a bad thing! Grandmas are the best!
still my birthday....
Brilliant episode 10/10 please return to write more Who, that episode was gorgeous this is how
You're welcome Janey
Aren't they just. Love them
Glad I could do that
Thank you, will do in morning. Speedy reply points!!
Lol nope it's a new account old one got suspended
Kiss or a tight hug
Not after 5000 adbreaks
You are welcome
The people at dominos made the cinna sticks in the form of the breast cancer symbol, how cute
Done it for you dude!
I'm a little bit in love with
Lovely just lovely
It was actually last November; but the podcast was published in April.
Yep. okay and definitely not u. Someone was just being annoying
We just wait to get on the road again. and the conference, here we come!
Congratulations so glad the judges saved you tonight
Of course love , How kind of you
Please give Ad our congratulations and
I'm livin my best life
Thank you Mandy!
Ooh will have to let us know what like always wanted to go
have hit gold with fantastically entertaining telly Top Gear with chefs, the chemistry between them is brilliant
Watch my newest video if you're bored!
Link:
I'll watch it as soon as I'm home from my first day at university
Indeed
Oh thank You
I like it, its really cool
You're most welcome
the german version of yesterday's video is up on my verarztet dich!
I currently apologize for my last tweet about yopos
good afternoon queen
Because people wanna see what a good puppy you are
welcome. Next week should be good vs Rams.
Thanks
Hello Jinki's beautiful friend
First of all I would love to thank you for sharing this photo which is
Thank you
Taking it back and watching Sabrina the Teenaged Witch
Driving offroad is not only about mud and AWD, also about not hurting fully loaded donkeys and especially about
Season 1 is classic for me a little bit more nuanced than
Thank you
I need to clean my room... but imma nap first
+2
Np holly
Conduciendo feliz
Perfection
Thank you
Beli QR pay Maybank at the counter ke? Dia ada tulis or need to mention anything?
i love when people ask me about my niall tattoo bc all say is that its for my best friend
Gracias
Every time I watch Song of the Sea, I watch this beautifully made video immediately after.
Well, thanks also for the follow back
Great photos, as usual! I've never been to Bodega Bay, but thinking I need to go now.
Thank you so much Tash!
We're looking forward to being a part of this event!!
... Jacs theme homework. We played ducking apples & had lots of fun. Even Sbarc joined in too
Thank you
Auch von mir
OMG! .. Anthony Horowitz
So this is the deal.
The author event is on 16th Nov at the gorgeous Seckford Hall
I wait
okay take your time. I hope I won!
Exactly what working on
Must say Matt's back is pretty impressive
arranging my life for tomorrow cause going to break my drinking fast tonight. 1 night only
Hey m ur mirakee frnd "vsmita_v4jrs_0308" its my account thanks
try harder for me. Noted. Night
Thank you
This made me smile!
RT
can't wait to dump them on you when they're being little shits
Windmill lane is open!
Voooooorsichtich
Really no tricking going on Da most u gon get is some food lol
Same
No its fine thats what friends for
Ok just let me know
Thanks for the RT's ;0) cheers, Paul
He's damn good ain't he? Enjoy ELO..bloody marvellous (was there Wednesday)
Gettinf my mom hip
I'm missing you and your innocent smile on the big screen
Hope you are doing good!
Stay connected
Most Times I Smile Sometimes I laugh Sometimes I Wanna Cry Sometimes Sad & know Y Ppl
He will have his fair share of visits with 2 brothers there. I need to figure out which duels I can
fast! I hope you enjoy the remaining 36% too!
Too Fu#king late, we are almost there, can't stop it now.
And it starts, podcast time. Wanted to start after y'all had a few episodes released
Awww, shucks! Thank you!
That is full circle right there haha Cant wait to watch!
It was so nice to meet you
This is so cool
Brand new logo!
I designed it myself
What you think you like? County Kilkenny
Thank you
Thank you for the advice though. It's good to have things to think about and know your options.
(
Gorgeous, but only comfortable if you're being carried everywhere.
Awwww thank you, will hold you to that
We can't wait!
We will be there this afternoon
Looks like had beautiful weather for your lovely autumn walk
back to be a child
Egg on your face!
Shamrock , gone be my new lil spot
Thanks
IFB
Not a bar would make a nice heritage home
Thank you everyone that has retweeted this so far really appreciate it
wow really getting engaged & married ... 3o2baly
Right on the ice
Lovely handwriting!
Oh they sure do
Son dos
Thank you, been brill
Its my pleasure
I think is there too tonight
Excellent! Would take that one Make sure to use the hashtag so we don't miss your message
Get delicious vegetarian ingredients delivered straight to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh
Never fails to amaze me where a bit of blagging can get you. Some people get where water get
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Good luck for the future ! Cya PGW
So i think i have a job lined up when i finish school already
I have to still pay bills and still stressed but happy
The pure bliss I feel when I hear or see Luck Hilton is incomparable
Kleine leak
It would say, and would probably be signed by
plenty of bouncing on the ball & be there in no time! doing good thanks will be thinking
Thank you! And it's when a sexual orientation changes fluidly.
Just DM me where to send it
You can check thier MVs from there
is coming soon on E!!! Eeeeek!!!
New application
Maddison enjoyed her bath tonight and even cry when she came out!
We have only moved less than 2 miles! had a new chew and a new bed to help me settle in
Y noche
Haha that sweet
Here`s especially for my very good friend
on your side.
Stinchy3390!
Oooh lovely ... the perfect end to a perfect day with you two gorgeous pups
Oops! That Carnelian piece is gone! It just sold to a very nice lady from Seattle.
Lol being Australian it's always funny as fanny means pussy here
Nooo.
I agree!! What do you think What about opening one in
Excellent - sums up my thinking. Thank you
Waiting fr this film
watching the video of when you were eating all the random Japanese candy ridiculous
Love it! +0.5
Great review
the greatest feeling
Well done to Lilac yet again But well done to camera lady (mum)?? I was watching and thinking I
Played it more than 150 hours and got all trophies, waiting for vi
You are welcome
Adventure in India Part has just been published
Great show as always there are some great dancers glad u got through
Thanks C!
No....not the creepy one. The fun one
Definitely jus depends when!
Ready
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
spending my morning unfriending everyone that likes tRuMp on fb
Can't wait to see everyone
Join the Men Against Cancer society! Our apparel will be available for purchase soon, so you can represent!
Woooo! For the culture That's my state ooooo
Aye...it be like that sometimes, sis! That was me last weekend tryna be grown AF! Mind blown to another stratosphere
I treat myself daily, give a have no choice
Time to kickback and watch some Hocus Pocus on
We were so hoping she would! If the Cup had gone differently, she would have
that 2 point conversion!
ohh no, you're already doing much better than i ever have you've got a skill and eye for flow and shapes!! Beautiful work
I hope all the ladies out there that today
I have the devil's reject set to record so excited.
Had the same 4 breakfast
Yeap
Aww thanks
I followed you for the same reasons, actually!
I think those are great principals to live by. By the way, I hope your novel is coming along!
so sweet!!
Quote this with a song you want to get married to
My momma cooked gumbo
My favourite scene from 'Coming to America'
Un lieu magiqueMerci
I've had a fab day today a bit of housework and laundry then sat knitting watching desperate housewives made
Sounds like your trip to Dublin will be a well-deserved bit of holiday, Brian! When will you be coming over to visit us?
Maybe a bikini line would be more suitable then a full Brazilian
Thank you very much
IFB
Thank you for your recommendations
Thank you
Brendon is so talented and I want him to win, but deny I just called and voted for him 10 times just to hear his cute Irish accent
Hampstead Heath is so lovely for a walk !!
And free
You have a great view over London
Can someone tell me where this area is?
Ah fk it done now wasn't you wasn't me who cares
And also and and agh. I know I'm missing so many others but you all are truly awesome, okay.
Awwwww
Ooft ooft defo gonna check it out in a bit
Sorry I didn't know that was a question.
Snoop, doing great. Just as you are
Each to their own
I hope the both of you have a wonderful time at the concert!
Well teleport yourself here I make You some
Awwwww I love your relationship
Dog carpets are all the rage nowadays I hear
Thanks Doug
Thank you.
Thank you..
coming along
Hemorrhoids
Happy Sunday
Thanks Dolores. This is great chat
Hamilton, Verstappen, Raikkonen side by side in the last few laps, just wait
Thanks boo
Thankyou so much and I actually have read some novels
Definitely.
I was "all for efforts" and had a lot of luck. I'm happy
Something us old folk in wont have to worry about
Kimi can win the last race. That would be lovely. Just today. F off.
Thank you . Good morning
We know that XRP can and will be scaled far higher than current!
welcome!! glad you like it!!!
Will definitely try! That would be awesome.
Steve Ditko's power ... the best
IFB
Guess who was pooped &&&& peed on today
or something
Yep you never know wen gigs will be surprised on us
If you can buy then you can give me a $2 tip
thank yooouu!dude your new hair cut is everything
Haha! Thank you, starting to see everyone has a clear preference!
Kevin will never be left on the shelf cos Kevin hes in love with himself..
Great lyric
Kommt gut in die neue Woche Vielen Dank
Thanks my friend
IFB
Happy birthday to the queen of smile
You should try it
Essential for any forward thinking organisation. Conferences across the UK so why not book on today.
Maybe a tip for your search is Jurina's age, it looks around 2009-2010. Good luck and if you find it please share
Caught 25 beldum 2 shiny but now back inside. I miss my pa outdoor adventures with In the
took my feelings towards you right out of my mouth
Follow ME
Turn my NOTIFICATIONS ON
RETWEET MY EVERY TWEET
START GAINING FOLLOWERS
I'm sure they could eliminate 12 rather than 2.
Aww - that's great! Have a great time
Well then... wait to see it.
50. Favorite K-Drama: eek I don't have one but my favorite TV show is Full House or Friends
episode this week was fantastic! The episodes in this season just keep getting better and better!
I love being a dad to my boys. Hearing them play makes me happy
Thank you so much
About to go spend my whole paycheck... at Walmart because adulting sucks and groceries are expensive af
Very pleased to have received a 'perfecto' when asking for the bill in Spanish Great application of knowledge
Let's Gain 550+ more followers NOW
Retweet fast
Follow all
Follow back
Follow me, turn on notifications
Ame el disfraz
I have tickets if anyone wants some. Sounds like going to be a fantastic evening.
Great pic
Thank you
IFB
Hey Phumy I'll leave this one to you Xoly
thats beautiful
h-hi
Omg so good
....
Really enjoyed your radio talk this morning
Screw Chubbs!
Thats because most of us republicans work for a living!
FAVORITE MO TALAGA TO EH noh. Thank you! See you all soon!
Your welcome
Usted es un seductor Sr
looks exquisitely beautiful, maybe a place to visit on your Barcelona trip?
I'm such a geek And thank you for the extra energy (much needed tbh)!!
Sounds great and very useful. Just the feature I needed 5 years ago.
Lot 4a. I bid
Delicious cockles and mussels, from the beach to my dinner plate in less than 2 hours. I do love island life
Good luck for Monday
Thanks a bunch, Collin!
^Imran
BTW his name is Monty
Cute
thank you, I appreciate that. Have a good day/night. Whichever is appropriate
True! I couldn't say better myself!;) happy day!
Good night
We're gonna get this
Going through Norala.
I feel so much happier now than I was last week. God is good ya
Haha it's one of my faves Get well soon!
Dalton !
some motivation to move on and keep ya head up
I used your code btw
Thank you
pretty proud of my snack table. It makes me happy when volunteers take snacks. all Oh! And come
is here to stay
congratulation
so proud...first UK awards
hoping for more to come
DU ... IMMER
Becca is the perfect Monday motivation (25 Photos)
Just stopping bi
Thanks and you too
a meeting of the 1922 committee on Wednesday. PMQs on my mind.
Moi j'y suis aller ce week end
Fact
they were yesterday night in Shibuya MAYBE they are staying near Shibuya
164M
Our goal is 200M!! We can do it!
Help if you can, Monbebe
To my Ex!
look at this sleepy head
and yes those are election ballots for my parents, mine havent came yet
Thank you!
She is gorgeous!
Yeri finally got her molar bong after being a sone for the whole time. A successful sone indeed ( get a pic
Taylor you've gotta bring back Tay Waaaaaat on
Nah, you could pull it off!
You are right,they shouldn't be
Soooo cute
His smile !!!
For you as well a good Night, Eva!
be bossing the premier league by then
Can you follow me back bro? Thanks.
Babam formunda her zamanki gibi..
Thought you'd like to see this
Food > Phannies
Congratulations!
Awwwww I cried because I watched your wedding Harry you looked nervous and
Plsss this is how we walk home from church
I hope you have a great next of the week Tiffany
I love when my clothes smell like gain
And even if you're with the other guys, I can't take my eyes off from you. You just reminded me of home
Shadow of the Tomb Raider, Ashen, AC: O.O. Will see which one ends up being my GotY.
Yeah first time seeing them. Thank you for explaining everything that I get
Definitely
I have seen it, lovely
Aww its OKthanku so muchthanx a lot yr stay blessed
Thanks
IFB
30 weeks today
Thank you Delayna C Schneider for the incredible maternity mini-shoot and a few special family
Thankyou very much! hope doing well
Can I do Alice please
hello, are you Mrs F?
Not really... Many women do work nowadays.
That happens in the more affluent households only.
Not
Ise hatta wait for to reply with 3-5 working days
I think that's all of the candidates... let me know if I've missed anyone
thanks for the birthday wishes
aapke thought ais lagta hai jaise real life situation ho
Real happiness
try and label me. the weird one. been telling you this the whole time.
Thank you !
Who
love you too, see you soon
Se lo que eres
whatssss goooood?
Lots of clips from today keep watching
for me the filler is some long scene where the animation is just something i can tweak then drag out for a whole minute
These jokes are A1. what here for
Thanks for answering my question
chopda not chopra
Oh, interesting! Thanks
Perfect for fall! Thanks hun!
having fun in Italy
-not living in indonesia
-what is a minger?
-no LINE account
sorry if i misunderstand the
missed a bit
Only joking, looks great
One last Happy Birthday DevonAllexis. You guys should sing for her She is online at
My 1 o clock games lookin
Evening you lot
Here ya go
I love your account
Just saw Amazing movie. Amazing actors/actress. Everyone needs to see this. On to reading the book
Now Watching by netflix
Foca na menininha
Mercii
I already follow.
My Hard Rock Cafe Pinktober 2018 Breast Cancer Pin and two others that begged to be purchased. I had to oblige.
We are loving dr who. The family is watching it together. brilliant
You're welcome.
That reminds me... home alone is on tonight
step mom made this for me
Now you understand why miss living here
I bought a goose gourd and made a snake out of it. His name is Leny. Enjoy
Which is the lower end? Hope ours
If there's anything we can do let us know
Thank you! I'm obsessed with this one. Every border is a different stitch so I don't get bored!
Might be leaving Texas in a few months
Okayyyy bags will be packed
This sounds like a good idea for me! going to give it a try, thank you
Wahhh... Happy Birthday Hanbinie, our quail, sleepy boy, persistent boy, iKon speaker to YG boss have a very
Yeah I'm pretty tall
Thank YOU Aaron!!! let's go get that WIN!!! GO COWBOYS!!
Thank you x
MUA foundation lasts all day, leaves a natural finish and light and bother sensitive skin
Babes, Watch me on
Big up Lenny.. been a long time coming hope ur good family
Mhmm, it was in my recommendations, I should check out some more, I really liked what I've heard
I kept hearing this song in my head all last week so I decided to record it. Hope you enjoy listening to it
Thanks
IFB
It's our team effort and individual as well. We aren't stopping
I look forward to your next fight !!
Last movie u watched Venom bhai k sath
Lot 4a
That is very interesting for me
Thank you
intrigued to try them now so will have a go during the week let you know how I get on
Thank you so so so happy xx
Titanic Museum sounds awesome! Hope you enjoy. Let us know how it is
think ya upset him a wee bit no nice like Scott, Colin or me
Saturday = work day
Enchanted kingdom and fairyland in the making to bring you the
Get your
Thank you
That really pissed me off fuck you too.
Best Place To Be Ain't It.
MILEY CYRUS SEX TAPE!!
Directioner, Selenator, Blink, Mendes Army, Arianator, Swiftie e eu sou muuuito apaixonada pela Lauren e Camila
I love this
Ahh, thank you!
got an amazing reflection
Wow!! Do we know what max is? I'm at 33900. Damn you full time job
My sentiments exactly!
But God doesn't live in this world
Very well deserved
Thanks to you too
Thanks
Thankfully, not one has ever escaped.
very welcome
Congrats to Manye Terkwor Opata (a.k.a Francisca)
We can't wait to have her bubbly personality on board
enter the Dm
Looks like that claw is your sons hand
Wow! Que gran clan
Pero mis cartas todas al 9
Gracias por invitarme
My favorite thing today
Ha I just sent that to my mate
ooo anything is welcome! I lived near the east coast so this is out of my comfort zone
ahhh yes!!!! good taste
be disappointed A perfect gift!
De nada
Nothing like sleeping in after three 14 hour work days
Come support my RSO on our first fundraiser Tuesday and Wednesday 11-3 under faner
ILoveYou too sweetie Always&Forever
You good
ILoveYou too sweetie Always&Forever
Congrats that's great news so pleased for you x
Yes plsss
Et donc l'#inktober de ce soir
Nice candid from (photo credit: tradouglas)
do it. Shout when you are free x
WHEEEEEEW!!!!
Just know that United Vibe are only through because they have five individual families voting , not because they have good vocals
Totally wrong there judges apart from Vick was better...... but still love
Tiny actions change the world!
Thanks thanks for the birthday wishes! Very happy to hear your daughter enjoyed the book!
Lovely to meet you. Hope you both had a fab afternoon
Where can I get one of these from? Be a perfect Xmas present for my sister
Thanks Karem. It's salvageable but just not as easy to salvage as it could/should be.
I'm here in NYC and thinking of our friend Steven Howson
A lovely moment I captured between a boy and a penguin
Thats look great ! Hi from France ! Bordeaux
Awesome! Just glad back!
got chicken & waffles
So... it's already told! Congrats
It's okay
Stay blessed
Thats so nice to hear Sarah, Im happy for you
Her er min kropp
Bathong ke happy hle
Thank you
Kommt gut in die neue Woche Vielen Dank
Oh ok cool thank you. Its ok you give us quality content anyway dont mind waiting
Don't think I'd be going back.
RTxRT?
Last 3 days from my sketchbook
We look forward to having you
Thank you it is one of the rare pictures I like of myself. only just sat down to return
Gracias,
What is a rapsody?
Thank you
Thank you
Definitely will!
Awesome thank you!
Thank you . Good morning
I'm always positive, hoping for the best, but a thinking mind always has doubts
thankyou!!! so much dear
Gravy convos with my bro
I've never been this happy
Saturday = work day
Enchanted kingdom and fairyland in the making to bring you the
Get your
Lunch With This Crazy Crew
Yes exactly and the love them too!
hey just so u know, entry level mean that requires a college Love, Jenna
I wanna go
I wanna fly
I wanna take myself
To a new sky
Take me to another place
RTxRT?
Because ima lie & say I am wit him when not
It's quite a place, I loved it
The smell of freshly brewed Thai tea
This was perfect, because I do love brushing ppl's hair for them!
Check out Haunting Of Hill House on Netflix so good x
you are beautiful, from the tips of your toes to the depths of your soul
Send Mpesa Boo.
When Melo punch niggas you hear it throughout the whole arena when artest brawling he go crazy
Noooooo way Sammy. I bet you look Gr8 in anything. All your pics prove that
Thanks to you too When will you ever forget to thank
Thanks Mandy
The ocean must surely have some healing and restorative powers.
And I share mine with you!!!
Happy birthday.. IRE.. Small girl with Big Daddies, Big Mummies & a Bigger GOD!
Enjoy d new year!
I belive no matter what you do your Dad will be proud
I am just happy we met at all Imagine never knowing each other And you are far from old
I kept hearing this song in my head all last week so I decided to record it. Hope you enjoying listening to it
Boa tarde
Gaps can help cure the Monday Blues (50 Photos)
great! I went to 2 conventions this year and both times I dressed up as a Ravenclaw student and as Luna
Not my father though
Oh I agree their music brings back so many memories
Lmao we still friends tho but fuck Dallas we trynna send them tf back crying
Join us now
Gentil
Just go for a leg sweep and then run away. That's what I do
Wishing a very happy birthday to the girl in the middle!! Enjoy your day
Every single day you should wake up and commit yourself to becoming a better person
Bro are you for real? Or you're being sarcastic? Ok I think you're being sarcastic
really good news to hear, bet you loved that been raining here all day xx
All this bullshit but still out here thinking positive
Well now I say to myself run a half marathon. You can do
Random Sunday family meet up (minus Travis and Addie) Dallas, Texas
It's fine
Kilishi is still trash
Heyyy Bro
I am always with you & here for you is such a fake word here on SM.....
Such a tease!!
Hey you wrote some good stuff
hopefully future co-stars
Thank you
How delightfully civilised.
Hi Jadien, I love your channel. Take care and have a great day Jadien.
Oh we loved the cycle down to Tiburon when we did it last year. Super envious enjoy!
hope everyone has a good day besides the people who are selling their lsu/bama tickets for over $200.. shove it
I love what he said. I wish people in Italy were more open about LGBTQ. Thank you for translating it.
Dey smell of freshly cut grass
I love victory smiles.
Congratulations to Lopa & Sagar for Baby Shower.
Hope see you both and soon .
Take Care
Jai Shree Krishna
Fez needed a home for fall break. Thanks for fish-sitting, Chelsea.
Got a new cat
So pretty
Lol awwww
I'm sorry boss
I love the titanic movie it's the best movie ever xoxo have a great day in Fraser island
geceler
getting ready to vote at the Wilmette Recreation Center tomorrow!
You're welcome
Just a reminder if AJ does return going back to an AJ account
You were both fabulous so sad you have gone already though xx
Good they're both moving like crazy.
I have VOTED MINNESOTA So sorry
Thank you
Love it!
Junior boy, take me to your locker hehe. If you were so foolish as you to actually keep anything in your locker.
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
Hahaha omg! I'm glad you like it, thank you
No, you're not. You're beautiful the way you are fuck them haters!
Very
Hello sunshine
The power is back..
Thank you..
Day 69, yesterday was wonderful outside, good day at work, good night with friends
A lovely moment I captured between a boy and a penguin
more photography on my
It's trending on number 1
Not always, but anyways lit avi though , ur next redlar will be on me
Punish me or Love me? | My Newest Video is now Up! Be the First to Watch it in Amazing 4K Quality for
Werneth Low Road in Hyde
S U N D A Y V I B E S
been the first weekend in a long time that had nothing on and a
Thanks Tony how are you not chatted for a while
Good morning Gegel I think you're still awake Awe, good morning anon
Much respect
Cream is essential....that scone is 100% correct.
Good thanks Nickii, ready for half term and a trip away in the caravan
Pero claro que si.
my favorites such eccentric fun people
My Halloween costume coming together
Binance has the highest trading volume on any exchanges
Click here:
$NANO
You are welcome
Oh I'll check them out. Thanks.
Pythons are just so cute to look at
And I'm fascinated bout how they feed
Not, of course, that you would be paying attention to such feminine things, dear fellow
I'm proud of you feel like next I should do the honors hey
Intrested in learning more about lighting for photography? Then boy do I have a post for you!
Dirty Talking Teen Will Make You Cum
Oh and the start menu music is amazing it makes me happy good job your team did a brilliant job
Ah bah oui toujours hein
You deserve to be through, classy lady
Well at least someone's gonna be warm this winter
Awww thank you
Thank you so much
Sharp
Yes
Haydar baba
Beautiful morning
Lol I saw the boobs that have grown and she has an ass good for her
Glad you asked
It's happens. No hard feelings
I think Jodie is brilliant as the Doctor
Thinking of streaming They Are Billions this tuesday. Should i?
my organs: pls give us water & vitamins omg were d e c a y i n g
me: irn bru
6 foot 1? Sorry but this is for me like "spanish village" which
Congratulations, Andrew! This award is yours just as much as it is You deserve it, man.
ask me when getting married if not paying for my wedding
And Guam
Made my day
Someone want to take me to a pumpkin patch please
wait are netflix really getting it?
Not an impossible trip but would require planning will be easier once I finish uni. Then I will go to all the things
What a story
The nice one
Thank you! I love connecting with other Christian authors!
You got a nice pair
Baa *waves*
It's a lovely relaxing bar. The accent is to die for. The singer is great & it's not overly busy xx
Thanks. You're kind & we believe you to be conveyer of our doubts to the ruling party
rly want to give everyone that i love a spooky basket but poor
Tonight at airport just now! know how going to cope walking straight
It does help
I rarely cook on
You can now absorb third episode of Moments For No Reason At RELAY!
My Love Yourself cover
Click play, have a listen it means so so much to me guys
Oh amazing can't wait for the full launch in a few weeks
I love that you aren't afraid of patterns. I'm a scaredy cat and basically have just solid or striped shirts.
my birthday guys
Awe. Thank you.
Of course, you are as well.
What you choose to do about it though, should be supported by all, just as you have supported all of us.
Love that...I would swipe which ever way is the good way
Hi I speak french but can you maybe translate your tweet in english? Thank you
Thats the same for me when i do mine
True...
Click on the applemusic profile pic (upper left on their profile page) for the polls.
watching salt fat acid heat rn and so lovely
forget the punch.
taking a 10 minute break in posting, Answer any questions and then back to posting the last samples
Thank you
Don't forget a driving license and DVLA check code! Free no obligation test drives are so much fun!
it was all about unicorns and sparkles this loved making this cake if your a unicorn fan then Stella
Andrew had so much fun at the pumpkin patch my baby so big
She's streaming it Check out Tweet:
-Kole actually think ugly with those dreads! Naaa fam!
Good advice, thank you
Thanku u too stay blessed
I have
Thank you! I like the idea of a non verbal signal, going to give it a try
I wear glasses now so I can see myself make this mistake more clearly now.
Come and join us tomorrow 5-7pm in LUU room 4
lol, Oh stop. I'm blushing
Im annoyed at u james ....give the guy a break .... im sure vick enjoyed there training sessions
One dog and one cat
Thank you for sharing
Ah thanks
Lol thank you! No big deal I'm working on being bolder obviously it needs work lol!
Where in Ontario will you be!? If somewhat close by, meet up at some point if you have time
Mostly good though
I haveeee
Tell me something i dont know
AAAY Congrats to both you and Leah! Thats awesome, wish you both the best
Don't blame you there lol just checking in with you
pretty sure Shirley gets a rather than a vote....sorry to be a pedant, loving the show
Looking forward to the week ahead. Think it will be fabulous
321.-
Thank you so much
Dear can you send her our love . Was going to say more but tbh that covers it really
Because funny
Its finally fall
The little slap at the end tho so cute
And from Yorkshire there is hope out there
16. izlemeye devam
Yep all three of them
I just love being ignored by my own father
can't turn the offer down m8
Yes, I have! Back down to Watford
I know you have a layover in DXB, but whenever, please do let me know (specially if
Brilliant
It's been a good day... But it's time to work
Think I'll blog about it too
Enjoy your dinner! Sounds like an excellent plan for a great night out, Imogen. These 9 pubs
Share a smile
It was 4h 38min or something close to that. That's why I said less than 5h
This property also backs up to a large nature preserve with huge multi use trail systems that are mostly used by horses
Sunday night already. How did that happen? time
rly want to give a spooky basket to everyone that i love but poor the thought that counts
We have a xylophone in the class and it works really well for this! Thank you
Look so cute when you nap.
My Sunday is complete
my profile pic
you look beautiful as always
been irrational and emotional this entire pregnancy. It never ends, your husband will learn how to deal
So lovely to hear.. I think having the knowledge capable of finishing means I can enjoy it more
with lynxdaicewing
from Fred
No I jus watch
Could not have put it better myself
Grazie, anche a te
Nite
Thank you po Lord!
Enjoy your dinner! Sounds like an excellent plan for a great night out, Imogen. These 9 pubs
pas
I can actually say its Monday tomorrow and im sleeping on for the week. Alhamdulillah..
Prickly Pear Mimosa.
Ok. Just making sure. now I know why I love you.
My first REAL day of rest since July. I'm still in bed
Nope. I have been little busy.
Me right now
Eek.... it is pretty close.... remember to vote
If u don't wanna tweet back or reply back than u should tell me.
There is not any specific purpose
As they should
This Doctor is fab-u-lous Darling Brilliant episode - really moving
I like where your head is at but I had charred buffalo wings yesterday
For people who didnt see, im holding an Art Raffle, you just need to retweet and follow me to enter
Usually a kind older lady comes over and adjusts my waist in the
Thank you very much, my friend Very grateful for your kind words... Especially good wishes
Thank you
thanks for your add
Life in the fabulous lane, Lou? I'm liking the sound of that
Thank you
I thought that it was all footage from the inauguration.
Sheesh thank you!
Thank you for re following me. I truly appreciate that
I love stitch I can imagine you having a little wiggle around like him
We do. For ourselves and those of us who matter to us
Nabo
oh yes
Watched this today ..... Warmed up with fish and chips in Keswick afterwards
Thanks for noticing
Tonight 7pm on Scoff Off battle featuring hosted by me We are
That's true it's easy to say but it's hell when someone really that close goes far it feels
He currently has aspirations in that direction
rly want to give a spooky basket to everyone that i love but poor the thought that counts
I was thinking along similar lines Posy.
Great episode!
Thank you! so glad you liked it and fingers crossed it helps
It's entirely possible
Wow wow wow guru fantastic love u so much
Happy Birthday
in Lithonia if you ever need a friend! Just dm me lol
Your character looks very cute and adorable.
So grateful for all the love last week, and to these good folks for their RTs
John is definitely the straight hunk with the hottest butthole in gay porn.
Circuit Of The Americas in Austin is serving up a three-course meal of an race.
Hi
Hope everyone has had a great weekend?
Any plans for the week?
Experienced in
See You Soon
Thank you
It was indeed! And we had a lot of sunshine as well Newgrange is truly a fascinating place!
CAM NEWTON PARA EL FANTASY
Pack my load and leave or follow you
Do you like mythology? What mythological creature do you prefer? Yeah like a lot! I love fairies and mermaids!
We are
Thanks for coming and happy birthday!
And yet here you are, welcoming me back
All clean via /r/twinks
I love that, a lotto dreams store.
It's pretty cute!
Ah sorry! I do actually agree with you about the hair! . And about holding him culpable.
Brilliant reading. Thanks for sharing
Thanks! It seems really good, I'm excited to dive into it
I'm a strong believer that only and that brings people together
Hello there, we have a few things in common, our names, I am a Buckeye fan, and MAGA. being connected with like minded ppl...
Painted on my heart was a good tune
I did. Go check
My is back like bangdadadang.
touchdown my nerves calm now
Aber das wir mal machen
That is why we are so happy when sun shines
Thank you
Aww shucks thank you
This is how my parents spelled for me since I was young. I try but thanks. You learn something new everyday
who wants her?
I feel so happy
Yes, first time visiting and it was lovely
Thank you Rachel just been looking at your work. Also stunning!
Ya pusieron a chambear a Chlimper.
better to be the little baby that listen
Tried to climb a tree for my bday. Officially 32 going on 15
.
.
Sequoia and Kings Canyon National
Why? l love him
But will do it regarding this one
Start tomorrow every MWF I will be in the gym at 12pm ask me to do nothing
Cuando te sientes guapa
Aunty Valerie and I are proud
I'm sure it will
Only if your wearing one
Aww, give me a pat for me
Nice kitchen
Thank you John x
The ass tho e try small
A BIG THANK to for dispelling from this dirty game !
He is saved !
Good Night
Sweet Dream
I talked to my brother in a min
Lovely idea! mention it to our team.
Bon bah mort pour mon prono
Carolina Panthers acting up
Tu ya me caiste bien
New (1:700)
Verisol - Collagen Bioactive Peptides (Natural Collagen Powder) Made in Germany
I saw a few people wearing my beanies and said hello to them.
Teamwork!
Realist IR is an endless teachable moment As for this story, I'm just always astonished by the
Omg Kimi did it finally
It's the lightening you should be scared of
thank you so much. Have a great week
I love when trying to get one lash extension out and I end up ripping out a whole section
Always love seeing a Kimi Raikkonen win
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness
I like your hair like that
The desserts are magical because they are surrounded by Disney, silly!
Why not head? Will be a favor for many.
BTOB is coming back
Let be known
You must have lots of money I had to save up for mine
Thank you for the follow
wait!
Thank you
Anmol There are so many things which i learned from you. Thanks for your kind words.
Keep slying
So a week with my daughters on half term! Send as many spoons as you have cause I think I'm gonna need em!
Not particularly canal related - but the museum do support us
in the process of buying new clothes for winter and a really good feeling being able to go down a size.
lls no but you know gon say something
I could hear the black boy joy resonating from this tweet
Such a nice movie
Personal rate 8.8 out of 10
Thanks for the introduction
Of course! Always room for more though
I invited both of to mineeeee!
I'm going dancing with my seashell bag! Hope you are enjoying a lovely weekend too!
Thank you.
A lovely thing my (our) teacher says: You can do this. Onward!
Happy birthday!! Hope you have a great day.
Lol tonight was bam! All the hard work of last week>>>
Awww. You're kind. I haven't been on there in a little while. No urge. No pull. No
: your IG names ? is Also, what your favorite company to use to sell prints?
Well Lmk when you wanna hangout with old friends again
I wanna but hot sauce in there juice
Yep! loving the sunshine. get enough
And loving the beach hut hired from too
Josh Gordon with a 50yd catch and run
exactly what it talks about. totally a different thing from dating. You should read it dm your email address
prepared to compromise....only as you
Pls someone should translate am longing to follow the conversation
Lovely shots Jonathan!
Thank you cherie, Better late than never, i appreciate.
indeed it does. thank you v much
Excellent choice! Can't wait to come back to Mexico
I will take a look tonight - with family today
Happy asf Love your enemies it will drive them crazy and you will continue to win in life No hate ova here nothing but love
Thanks for coming back to the challenge, I thought you forget about it
Absolutely fantastic
Thanks!! I'll have a look
jimin and joon really out here like
/ |
Thank you and whenever we actually are moving so mostly everythings boxed up, but once were
I feel so secure n relaxed like this when m with u
Most of my friends are usually 20-30 older than me. Like I get along well with people older but I like people my age too
Series 3 equally as good as the brilliant Series 1. Do enjoy
Lunch with my bbs (at in Pomona, CA)
Ce soir marathon Harry Potter
Look who visited the Super Women!!!
Toi toi toi to the best cast and crew EVER!!!
Happy Birthday dude I hope a good one
That short clip has definitely eased mine. Very handsome.
Beautiful!!! Thank you so much Captain.
Felt good, lovely weekend. What gorgeous weather for end of October??.
A win for spurs and nearly half way through treatment.
Me too, so chuffed for Kyle
Something else that's on it's way
Where's The
Designs !
Just finished the last ep of s3 and all I can say is perfect
Amazing race from him!
It is my Mom! Such a perfect experience
Thank you
there's no need for that anyway
Awesome Grand Prix. Max V is the next Senna
Owwwww Felicidades mis bbs
Hi. Is this available for Samsung A8 2018?
Tysm
You could say that
this is so beautiful
Great race by Max Verstapen as well. That scrap with Lewis had my heart rate pacing.
I was joking
happy birthday!!!
Happy birthday love!!! All the best to the best leader of iKON! I wish you happiness! forget to smile
Do an unboxing pls
You're worth all that
GET IN MAX!!!
What a beautiful performance. TJW has a voice like chocolate velvet. Tony Joe White - Rainy Night In
I will get there too, by God's grace
Gosh, wow beautiful love it
Just by watching you happy, makes me happy eventhough not with me
me and my classmates all still awake and doing the assignment because due date is ltr 9.00am
by Del Shannon. Why yes, I am old!
Ah oui ?
Ordered takeaway and flicking through the telly
Pass interference
Amazing!!!! Congratulations Max on the podium!!!!! 18th to P2!!!
New hope
Aww yes good too thanks, glad well
That's me on black
So do I! It's one of my all-time favorite songs.
I also broil in the oven Google is my friend
Well good at least you've got it
What a battle between and Absolutely amazing! more of this please
Kiddies are back home
Really nice pic boss. Hope well
Amazing result for Superb race and a brilliant result for Yes, I would have loved
You're so cute agreed that's true!!!
Thank you for 300+ followers , i am pleased
Lovely stuff
Thanks Adam he'll pick up quick I'm sure - see you soon!!
Just purchased a new domain.
Arh lucky girl bless her .. what are nannies for and yes great feedback for the
Thanks
a hump kind of day
i finally got an aux cord for my car after mine tore... now I can finally listen to CV on full blast
Um, I've never seen Hocus Pocus, but this is amazing, Krystal.
Thank you
She can create lightning powered weapons, but she prefers using her lightning bow and arrow Her
You can still buy Peppermint Cream? My day is made
Does anyone know where this is from? I would love to watch the video! Thanks
The weather is so perfect today.
Blue spoon rest
Be safe out there Officer Mo
And serious serious
Thanks girl!!!
So ist es
Whoopers got down to County Cavan this morning
Jesus said get the cock out of your mouth
de pas grand chose!
Thank you for your wishes.
We are both there. Thabks for thinking of us!!
judge me but I always run on Christmas Day. become a bit of a tradition for me now
Thank You You always be my
Last night
Yesssss congratulations Kimi, well done and about time
...yeah I'm generally intimidated at first by anyone I think is cool lol
Love to them. Hope you will let them Tweet on your account from time to time
Aqib Ismail Samore Muhammad ShahzaMan Mairaj Uddin Naeem Ather Hassan samjh th gae honge ap ke yeh video
Nahhhhhh, but you can come visit her
I went hiking in a moor yesterday. It was so quiet and relaxing Just a few birds and insects
Retweeting this giveaway tweet AND my pinned will be valid entries. Random generator will be used
Why, I otter!
It actually feels good getting into bed knowing I've only got to get up for one days work this week
Congratulations to all of you from Tiverton and District
Welcome to Twitter! Have a safe trip home! Let me know when you wanna have coffee or something like that!
Thanks Emily!
Aynen
Aw my nephew had this, loved it! Make sure to use the hashtag so we don't miss your message
That little face, adorable!
Wow! so generous! Even if you pick me, thanks for doing this
I Just Entered for a $50 Amazon Gift Card! LOOK!
Thank you
Hab einen neuen Pullover
What a killer week of shows. Now a little recharge at the house. .
Happy for Kimi tho.
You turn back time, girl! Lol! I loved that show, too
Thank you
Yeah I do but the mornings hate me for it. Maybe SOME late nights
Awe you guys are so cute
call it a night and go to bed early
Oh yes lovely
Always lookin good
4 years in January
Photo credit:@RayUrnerPhoto
great race max. Shame couldn't pass you
I have been able to use a little of my sparse Italian as well so am pleased with myself that I can remember some.
Everyday heroes are out there.
I make going blind fashionable thank you!!
It did! The new projector is perfect
When you start Marlon Mack, but it matter cuz started Melvin Gordon
As my granny would say, lick that off the So kudos to whomever this role model is,
worse places
Thank you
4am. Goodnight
Thank you.
I will do!!
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you
lol gonna try and report me lemme delete it, then they do jack
Thank you!
read a lot of meta and amazing when you see it. Like, when Dean
Duh! Don't Guilt trip me now, I just said my mann ki baat and you sent me monkey emoticon. Goodnight.
Show up for who does come, make them so happy
Happy Birthday Hanbin !
I want to be your friend! Prolly mean that much because just a twt user but if you want to talk hmu
Live Love Laugh
Had an amazing night last night. It was exactly what me and others of my family needed. Had fun, got crazy, laughed a LOT.
Awesome.
Yup !
thank you so much for the retweet
What is that? visiting Uganda early next year.....
Yeah, that's a shout, perhaps I will
This is probably the first time in 10 years that I actually feel comfortable and confident with my skin
Mood
Thank you lovely!
I met her at a harry potter convention here in Germany...
Indeed
welcome
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
Every time I say this I get crazy looks. But I totally get you
I definitely have to make a new one at some point
Some people get why I re-read my favorite books. And I always tell them, like visiting with old friends.
Yeah definitely!
TO is Toronto
how happy are you right now ?
wait to be a fucken doctor bro on some rs I kept on asking so many questions and they were like you are well inform well I did my hw
Que me hace
1 fav = una respuesta
We can catch up
Jolie
Black is son beautiful
Hi Poki! What ring light do you use? Link pls
Everybody will be alright
Not funny, you wanna lose me
I've changed my mind since then
This dolphins L satisfied the hell out of me
Thanks!
I'm on the way to the library as we speak
Stay blessed always
Brawo Kimi No w
Lol. Creativity and humor on display at most every turn. Gotta love it! We need to keep it
Anyone is fine for me
it is! fought for his WDC title today! bounce back for sure
Thank you!
Lucky you!!
Oomf don't know what she missing
fun day at the NFL game at Wembley with now back to studying
Cierto
Live without fear..
Love without limits..
All the best
Cool Revs today
Well said
I just had A & he had a baby on me so imma choose spirit fingers for 100 Alex
A big thank you to everyone come to see us on our opening weekend! We look forward to seeing you again soon
I did! Thank you
Jackies napping and she broke her handle to her bowl yesterday and I just super glued it back together for her
Here is the video of both teams racing from yesterday
Schickes neues Profilbild
Hmmmm not everyone comes with that intention and everything do have an aberration
Mum happy on her birthday Rudie's
Aw Will! you are a darling! it was so nice to see you. I remember working with you and En on
So special, amazing memories
When you can't see the road ahead of you, trust the friend beside you
Thank you.
That is hilarious. They knew they are not in the same caliber as Clemson.
And one thing more , don't b sad ,
Be happy nd fresh ,
Coz mujhe kl se AP pe boht pyar aw ra !
That smile
Will visit soon in sha Allah
Hello lovely! I hope having an awesome weekend!
Don't be
i hope this win puts a smile to kimi's face
super happy for kimi
Thank you...
thank you so much for the retweet
thanks girl
Two of my most favorite people have birthdays this week.
A week of celebrating two of my biggest blessings.
Take your time, wait for however long
Girl forget you! I had an attitude at all! You the one with the bad attitude ! And me next time k?
First game on. 2nd going to be a good stream.... I got the bang on stand by. Come thru. the lord sent me
Lemme just leave this here.
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off
Nice work Lewis! Epic battle. Podium place. Keep pushing. More to come!
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness
For real!?!
That means so much to me to hear that much
Oh i wear all sorts!
Ma'am listen, something came up
NPR
Shared this on Facebook so all the closeted homophobics in my family can have their day ruined
Thank you so much I hope you have a wonderful time!
Happy to see you pick up colors
Started my bday weekend with bae and ended with him
You're very sweet.
Not overly hungry after my breakfast, so this is good until supper time
You're welcome! Thank you for the follow back
Thank you Jon for always having an uplifting kind message.
I'm very shy talking2you! Next time meet you again
Yes could do with a cuppa
It smells lovely
A beautiful baby, drybrush oil painting on paper
That's great move happiness and smiles for u
Look at me now.
omg you sweetheart
I just passed the ball be mad at me
this one is really good!
You also have extraordinary paints . Your page is amazing
Sometimes four eyes are better than two
Ils assurent
quand tu as ce regard t'es trop beau!!! Wait...rectification.... T'es trop beau tous le temps! khihi
I know there were books of those! The films are great so look into those. Thank you
Josh gordon
U got moves
Aww so cute!! I did prompt for Eevee
Got the instrumental of Nearer my God to Thee from Titanic on repeat. What a soothing effect it has
That's great more happiness and smiles for u
Don't know about goodday but it will certainly be a Monday
But... he hand it to him...
I'm going to try and stay awake to watch the final episode of I usually start to nod off about 9.30...
Life sentence, I did them all. I should say I have regrets but I don't. I had fun
I blame ya. I have a weird sense of humor.
Found spot for tennis yay!! (@ Osborn Park in Atwater, CA)
After watching the teaser, I feel like I could live for another 50 years ATTENTION EVERYONE, WE ARE HAVING AN OT9 COMEBACK
Awwwwww
I love this.
Hey bonsoir Leem
It is a shame. Although ours were never as pretty as are. I keep hoping that your country will keep them
Thank you ! I actually do now
More under Christmas gifts.....we are spoiling you for choice!
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Your famous now Rachel lol
Exatamente
What to do
if you have a 1,000
things to do ?
Troll on Twitter
offense and defense on and will only get better! XOXO
100% agree fabulous episode and very moving well done bbc de who back to its best
ICYMI... Happy Sunday evening folks!
Should have pitted earlier, cost him. win it next week though
On numara
just speaking facts.
telling... nicely
thank you so much for the retweet
We don't know who's going yet sorry, our tweet was only light-hearted
Thank you
Ben ne bulduuuuum kendim
And you think I have a fancy house and car? Perhaps tonight is not the night for this conversation.. not for me at any rate
There certainly were! Looking forward to it
Cena y
Todas en promo ahorita inf 8116622966 se reunieron en depa 1
I'm 35 weeks
Good advice.
Thank you
Last one for this evening
This cute matching headwrap set
Only one girl got on my as their ringtone in my phone but the shit ring anymore
sundays are for lifetime movies, food and sleep...
Lol nothing have a great Sunday
Swiped my first hoodie of the season sistren
Thank you for your on-going support Brewin Dolphin
Yes that's why I want the south wing! I get sunrises and sunsets!! My favourite
are my favorite. Good food, ice cream, movies and lots of cuddling.
Age is just a number, Speed is what matters!
Awesome race.
Congratulations to
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
All the songs on the album preview sound so goooodddd I'm glad I pre-ordered
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
A chilly but good day in Columbus! Erik ran the half and I ran the full
Smartypants. I see a proud mom. Best wishes
Hello!!! Welcome to Twitter
thank you so much for the retweet
Eh nahhhh! Never really been attracted to OW. Think going to play through the Crash Bandicoot trilogy again though
TY for an awesome day celebrating 100th episode Great
Lovely video Caroline really looking forward to next weekend!!
Hi Chrissy
Sundays with my love discussing/watching football games and eating good. nothing better
Wow. My little girl is always pestering for these.
This job pay me enough for me to my attitude when a costumer come at my sideways sorry
we will finish at 3-4
Thank you girly!! Miss you too
Brilliant day, thank you
You are invited to join these strings and their humans.
Husband and son Greg there too
Guys if you have little brothers or sisters be selling Halloween costumes in a good condition and best price
I'm not saying it's a competition, just questioning the stat
He is
Wow patty Great shot I so hope it went in the net. So hope I get to see my mooseheads team &
I just watched a quiet place
Thanks Geoff! too kind!! Always a great support appreciate it! Would love to do another marathon for sure
You got it WISH GRANTED HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Super sir
Untrue. My friends care. And my mom thinks I'm special
I don't believe that you
3-7
Looks lovely
Lilcorey gotta punch one more bitch before i be completely satisfied with him
You are my past, present and future Will always Love and support you Xx
Stellar $XLM price: $0.239904
Binance is TEMPORARILY accepting new users! GO!
That was probably for the best.
Happy Birthday Laura! This has become tradition for us. hope you have a great one as well. PS we are getting old lol
No problem
Sounds good, just put my daughter to bed so I may have a little one myself
Me:
Accurate
Good viiibes
I most definitely will
thank you so much for the retweet
This will do as a first post, i guess
Wala tayo nyan
Fuck with local babes at
mature lesbian shaving pussy softcore porn urinal
thank you to everyone who helped celebrate my birthday last night love if we took pictures together, send them to me
Travelling home from NW Math conference on beautiful sea to sky highway and feeling lucky
We are the generosity is
Oh hey I had some of these just yesterday. A staple to be sure
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
1 Congrats to Kimi
2 it is OK! Lewis will be become champion next race
3 in the same time: i get it & what heck was that????
Feliz Domingo!
Indeed
Hi got my ticket, looking forward to a great night of fundraising and eating!
Omg
ENJOY IT BABES
Ay gracias
Congrats to Manye Terkwor Opata (a.k.a Francisca)
We can't wait to have her bubbly personality on board
thank you so much for the retweet
Now that's comforting a little bit
Faith, I will send funds when I get home this evening!!!!!!
Someone to talk.
talk about anything.
Thanks Jazzy! going to Pontresina/the Engadin area on a press trip. Hiking and running
Great minds think alike
Bizarre fact. I have just seen Romesh Ranganathan buy a Dick amd Dom joke book! at Centre Stage, Butlins,
Wonderful!
Great minds think alike
God you are a boring shit
Yebo because they want to hit and di medi eat at one place & one place only
Thank you
Pastor thanks
Yes because it's none of their business
It's all good. Having quiet days are nice sometimes.
thank you so much for the retweet
Could you maybe follow me?
It's okay if you dont want to but it would make me very very happy much love to you
True love
Welcome to the Whoniverse! love it here
Great episode
Good to know
New Offer Alert!!
Our Sponsors are Giving You a FREE bet up to
Exclusively
Good Luck!
Aye off work
Start my new job tomorrow
I don't need you to believe in me
I gots that under control
My kids and my pumpkins carved today
watch football and eat wings naked
Thank you Carolina!
...quand ton bureau est sur ton allume-cigare...
Ywr boht achi personality ny follow kia hai seriously
thank you
I respect your view on this
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
addicted to working out again
I am so glad Purdue won. Not just to beat Ohio State but a win for Tyler.
Thank you you. too!
Hey! Looking great! Hope you had fun and all is well!
Little Martin's tail going a mile a minute! Aww....
Aw, this is so cute!
Happy birthday gf !!
AWESOME!!! Keep up the great fundraising
True queen
Oh no, must do more marketing! Opened a year ago now! Same food as Notts but different decor and vibe. Come and visit!
Thanks Carolina Panthers!
No it. Thank you
Dm me if you are interested
aw thank u im glad you like it
why am i so fucking stupid
Thanks lovely girl . That's so nice of you to say. I'm not bad really I began to
It was a bit crap but I'll take it, thank you
Your life might be better than mine today but mine will be better than yours forever
Where is your nearest beach, and which is your favourite?
Aww he's my lovely mate
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness
wow! Did you really? I am a fan of and The of course Yes I think I read that somewhere
Loved that episode and the music
Sim! Uso sempre
He's one of my best mates! We met in the new media era in 2000
Congratulations Antonio! This awesome news! You'll be AMAZING as always!
Thank you Panthers
Summer in Maldives What Stunning Sight i loved it
Now any recommendation for another 10 hours of my life I can waste?
Some sketches from this afternoon
Can we discuss when is going to perform on live shows
Black
I'll believe because uDr uyavuma
'irish government source' -Jarry The Beard?
forget to go to Chipotle at Derby St today!!! Scroll through thread to get code to show in store
Oh he was born on the 15th
Thank you
Wtf is wrong with you..btw what is the name of this girl
Great Gp by Kimi. I love him. I'm so happy for him. Great Kimi, well done. We never forget you. Happiness .
.
Very much so
The love of my life. Angel from above. I could go on for hours
Status $SNT price is: $0.036148
HURRY! Binance is currently accepting new users
Miss Polly had a dolly is my daughters favourite song
i can never feel nostalgic for too long yall always bring back tweets i saw in 2014 thank u swifties
knew what he was doing
he just lovely
Wife is also Finnish, no problem!
thanks boo
Thanks! A wee mushroom but reminded me of the beach
Would someone mind explaining this to me? Thank you
Abhe mazay mein Hun tu jo kehta hy wo hi theek hoga
share now
Strongly agree.
Goodnight to u also
Really enjoying Simon Reeve's on BBC2. Some brave reporting going on there
Awww! Amen!
Thank you so much, Omolade
Thank you, Hilary.
see y'all at Our Place 11am-2pm FREE Face Painting for the kids
Enjoying time out on my patio today
He offered but i turned it down as I was in the car
Pink Floyd: The Wall.
It is fun
Thank you
Bodyguard again episode 3!
Meaning they're now $3.75 each. That's more than half off! I'd stock up if I were you get them here
Instead of cake we had Vermicelle (chestnuts, merengue and cream) waiting for train back home
"Goodnight Princess"
Love it
I always feel good when being productive
Seems to be going pretty well
All niggas at Lycoming College are some bitches and will get treated as such.
Ahh, That's nice, Montie, - YOU CAME TOO ? You should've said !
Nope, here in the Netherlands there is a person who has an x marked in passport as gender, so there are at least 3
going to Texas weekend coming up with just my man
I've had the laziest weekend ever and I have loved every second of it
Call Names Back ..
Jhagdo Bindas ...
Healthy Trolling Karo
NBA WARNING: You will not be pushing the Lakers around this year. Those days are over. Thank you
Thank you so much
Well sweet girl this survey is especially made for you! Think of it as a gift sorry. I know
forget North! Red Ribbon week starts tomorrow
T..th..thanks m..momm..mommy
s handsome fella I plan on getting two girls next year x
Thankyou Amelia, have a lovely evening
...Just imagine how will you love the right one
Got it!
Definitely making the most of not being in London and having an otherwise plain student diet!
Thank you
Probably thanksgiving miss you, text me anytime!
Louder. They can't hear you
double checked the completed deals list and my tweet definitely hadnt been added (sorry if being a
Great chat! & you can find me at
Haven't watched Doctor Who yet because I still haven't watched last week's episode but I'm hearing wonderful things about it!
worry about things you cannot change. Seek help, and watch him bring fulfillment into your life
I can't wait tbh.
A new movie on Netflix?
thank you for being so good the past couple of days, a quick update of today and a little EXTRA
Please check your DMs.
Same here October is great
Done with Laundry
So so beautiful . another film a love , the end of both always get me .You should definitely catch his other films
It is my absolute pleasure. I work hard to practice what I preach. glad it shows.
You should wish to see + vs
These two fierce ladies will tear him apart.
That gave me chills, so proud
Like this
This is why I love pet smart
Supplied & Fitted in Dublin
Another one of our completed Jobs
This Bathroom + Wetroom is the perfect
Yes. That is exactly how I feel Thanks for emphasizing that
Just a few snapshots from pre-birthday celebration Thank you Liz and Faby for making the drive We
Guess this is your favorite place to be on a Monday night!
Be ABOVE all and everything
Ankara dan sonra da
good how are you??
was brilliant tonight, great that programme like this and horrible histories do Rosa parks
it! We are done for tonight Thank you so much everyone for attending and sharing your answers, been
and a bridge in the autumn sunshine
Changing to a healthier life style is the best decision I could make to live happier
Goodmorning
I literally just love laying in my bed and watching Hulu or nextflix
But I retain with me the right and the authority to certify what is misogynistic or not.
Living by it
Stay Connected, follow us on Facebook: Netbuzz Africa netbuzzafrica on Play the Moment! Netbuzz
this half term! See Liverpool by land & sea with & City Explorer Open Top Bus
This is only a small clip of a longer video do this again bro
pereceando
Call our reception and we will help you pick the perfect 07817879138 or 07815648610 or visit our
Aww thanks doll! Will do
Joven wanted to test out his New phone and not mad at it
thank you so much.
see what you got.. Kitty
Cosey Sundays, quilt couch munch & t.v.
Right back at ya,bud! was awesome!
Desculpa
Burn the Stage
Had a dope wknd tho
Just have been to the and oh my. It was amazing! Hope I can meet been personally one day
Haha I think we saw genuinely happy Kimi there
a sin darme cuenta
Youssou Concert
fb?
done!
Today was impressive. Did all on my to-do list. Except for one (most important one). Better luck next time.
Great show!
I look so cute
STATE FAIR 2018 in the books even though I had to drag Caleb Beets there The weather was beautiful and the
Thank you Sandra
Seeing in an NXT ring makes me smile
Thanks
Ah Tennyson !
Brunch and my friend kzheng19 .Then movie .#perfectday
Thank you
Day 701
Thank you
Et but d'Amavi ?
Nah all good man the Lil Tay stuff mannnnnn... Hope all is well tho Taylor!
can't wait for it oh myyy god *jk voice*
fighting RM
cheered up my Sunday night no end!
Yeah, for convenience
Hey Nida got ur DM and I am satisfied with the resolution. Good work thr. Just work on wht we discussed
Exactly, stay away from who cant give you what you are willing to accept
That too!
I wait
Smile on those face,i love them so much
The best ice cream
thanks for the follow
Haha - thank you!
My pleasure
Yes Panthers thanks for beating the Eagles!
smile one the podium is so lovely proud
Trying really hard to finish the Japanese course before next weekend. The last few topics look pretty fun too!
Support her with follows
Gratulation
Me me me please!
Thank you, so glad you find it useful! And of course, feel free to inbox me anytime
On my way rn
Now that's an
A chilled out at today .
.
was Good tonight
No he sabido resumirlo sorry
First in the AFC South and got the best WR in football
Thank you for reaching out. I will definitely think about it
Notte mony
Just caught this by accident - absolutely BRILLIANT Simon! have to catch up on the other now
Good
Im not good enough to be treated nicely
Did my best, taught to sound it out
Beautiful place to run Lyndsey
Thinking about the iteams putting Into the spooky basket making. So exciting lol
Why would I agree to work on my day off tomorrow, HATE
That is what I am here for
Yes, please! And I don't even "do" Halloween.
Owt.. thank you
you that is
Good night to both of you as well and
Yes me too! That you get noticed! so congrats to you too!
Hookup with Me at
alexis amor granny orgy quick blowjob uncircumcised porn
I know I failed liberal elitism but still fluent in typo
'Sweet cheeks' you are electric honey!!!
Los gemes
Abu Paty & Diego
Gorgeous swans and a bit of Paul Weller...perfect
we've been here the whole time
/||\_
you were alseep
\
||
Hey sure I wanna join and aja is the one who told me about you so I'm here
Thank you Karen
beautiful - I think there is a good chance
Thank you
I bought some of these and they are beautiful
Great thank you X
When I get good news through the mail
I want to feel lucky
Mtn
08034476735
Congratulations! Absolutely deserved it.
Feels good to win some dota games in a tournament. Went 3-0 last night
Love you too
Thanks boys. been practicing my & getting tips from Uncle Tufty.
Hi crush
the cutest toddler smiled at me on the bus today and guess what? still no baby fever
Good morning Kayleen
Glad to hear you have a lovely day
The same person I am when the lights are on and there are other people present?
Looking good champ ,another top gedling lad
Stylish lil rascal
Great
it's what you have to go with when there is nothing new that's too good
Thanks for telling me I deserved to get stabbed! Have a great day
Oluwatosin which means God is worthy of worship
Night peeps
I don't feel it sometimes but I do my best
I be getting them big
Wow, this is amazing. Congrats
Go make us proud
I 95% agree with that last sentence.
I'm taking my friend with me going for tea first, a bit nervous as not been out for near 3 years , excited too though
F-Free to in on LS or(Any) Bby
the fascia Gabby
hi, this have anything to do with bangtan these are just my thoughts in general
Whatt
i hope you're happy with it too then it's so good i keep looking at it haha
Do think dirty :)
the reason is Twitter
This made me feel a little better
Most welcome
Thanks hun
Future and Mike Will dropping next month sis
Thanks b
Welkom
Yr 11 have prac this week too
A few pages later, I'd managed to leave a word highlighted, as I wasn't sure I had used it right! Happily, I had
Gracias tom
Thank you
I CAN DRINK THESE FRUIT DRINKS ALL DAY
Thanks for sharing,
"them say i talk too much"
"I got it from my mama"
" got it from Shola yeah yeah"
Glad to hear you're enjoying BEAM, Jack ^CW
Hey, still watching it, well trying but Cleo keeps tweeting so loud lol. Three more episodes to go
Was a beautiful evening out! So glad we saw you there!
Hey heyyy! from
We have a brand new director mode glitch
Happy Sunday everyone
There is a Uniqlo in DC where you will be taken after Nashville when I trap you in a Pokemon ball.
Lmao actually thot I was gonna say more than 240 characters about this ?
Nah .
Stream idol tho
Bal surat Atarsa
Also, a little bit of Casablanca
She was! My friends all liked her, too.
Do they vibrate
happy lil bean
Thank you for your follow
I would love to! But, I inbox you man!
Well done! A long day but they all seem very happy
So glad to hear Sir Tam xo marathon
In France we usually scream it during soccer games to motivate the team
By a fireplace!! Deal
You were never ready.
In the morning too! Same qualification as yours so we may be seated near to each other, I shall look out for you
Awww thank you this means so much to me it really does AJ I love you all so much an what I said in that
Thank you
Happy to all OF YOU what's COOKING in YOUR KITCHEN today (back to the GYM tomorrow)
Any mocktail recipes?
Header updated
No clue
Hey Guys, Sunday
Liking your style Mr Organised
Let me let you guys in on an open secret.
Laura's Ted talk
The Paladins are having their own get together and rightly so. I wouldn't intrude
Thank you,
That's just freaking fantastic
April of 2012 I was at the homie party and told the other homie to through it was pretty girls he
you're famous
Thank you friend!
Hairball.Aside from that yeah you are
Officials play 'war games' on a second referendum on Brexit
yes please. Save us from the cretins.
Lmfao get cho ass off my tl
you look so different without make up on, I realise it was you go put your make up
Thanks for confidence boost hun
She is and yeah, I have seen the first season of Lost Girl once
Mummy says thank you for the hugs we're glad Humum is recovering well and we hope the next stage helps even more *hugs*
been generally stable for like 8 months know wow could you imagine acc really proud of myself
lines drinks up incase anyones thirsty after flite
Contrary to what people might think, Kimi is visibly happy with this win....The smiles
Thank you for all your support
Hey Bethan! Can you DM us with your email address so we can get this sorted for you
there languishing in the 20s
Following you Auntie
My makeup looks so cute
think dirty :)
the reason is Twitter
Thanks, I'm not on Facebook but will see if I can find her on etsy
These children are our future
Sur PS4 please
They do I just throw it all in and leave it. Lovely
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness
Lost my bank card..but found Tanqueray in my backseat
Enjoyed taking pitches and critiquing first pages yesterday at Put Your in a Book conference!
The pain is so real. Such a shitty outcome, I know grownups who would react the same. Poor society Amsterdam,
Awww, thank you
Looks like a lot of hard work
Wow thomas that is beautiful
Amazing morning!! Next time in abq we should go
What gets me is all the plotting n scheming.
I can be fake right along with you.
Just a fool. Christina Aguilera and Blake Shelton. how I learned Viennese waltz timing
I know the judges have a tough task and all subjective. I think she should have gone...IMHO
Snap! Although mine is much more than 26! Hope you had a fabulous day
I finally know that verse on Seesaw when Yoongi stops singing
Now I need BTS to announce the Latin America tour dates
You're welcome
someone linked my fic as a fic rec in the i7 discord server and im just
but also i wish people would leave a
Well because i never really hear anyone talking about it, but if you like it I respect your opinion and all
All 700,000 of us marched for every one of you on this thread
Thank you so much!! I'll be about on Saturday, searching for my Champion Definitely come say hi if you see me
Thank you! You both look adorable! *hugs*
Get well soon.. Ako nga dti 18 months pero naka survive naman always think
What do you think of it?
Thanks darling! good to be back
Your not late
Thank you. I've sent you a DM
Performance yesterday greeneyechick93 jessi_rosario and Mariana
happy happy happy
rocking and rolling at 5am
Hi Sandy. I'm working on my 2019 Angel calendar at the moment. 4 done, only 8 to go
Hiiiii, I am feeling quite well, thank chu
And how are you?
can i ask what will be in stock
Great choice
Goodnight Sharon Sweetest dreams
These days I like to think that grown into my head
mmmm...a birdguide?
thank you so much
a kinda day.
Absolutely Fantastic
I respect opinions but then there is facts
2 more weeks and we will be there!
thank u for up wit my nonsense and these duets wit me
These are all some of my favourite countries
Para mi: Best Coast y Norah Jones
Oh, right. Thank you for the clarity.
You have to rent out a room in your house, so we can all experience Mr Lumpy and friends
No problem! Hope you find him.
Thanks very much for the RT Angeles, always appreciated!
helpful to know. I will tell our Mum. I believe it will help her. Thank you
Thank you only one game day jersey but others are every day jerseys
Glad to be of help.
welcome Thank you for your help!
Thanks to I know MLA format like the back of my hand! Thanks for prepping me for college english
thank you for taking care of all the cute capybaras!!! from canada
Just slide into my DM keke... Not only free but tantalising
Pencil portrait on paper.
Hope you like it
ciao
They both are very good actors and handsome men
But no I don't see it
Por dm
OFFICIAL CONCERT AFTER PARTY
-OCT26th
$5 VIP passes
Texas Southern
Time for
Thank you
Beloved, dearest furrriend Squirt!!!
Hugs
Hugs
Hugs
RT
Well I will wife you if you like, would love to taste your cooking. In truth I would also cook for you as well
Thank you so much for the likes and retweets
Ahhhhhhh. Sundays
Thank you
not needed, thanks
Thanks fella
Thank you so much
He looks so much like you and that little smile something you would do
Lovely, thank you
Good night all Standby starts tomorrow. Well done Kimi!
gon shit on you promise you that
You know. I got this cocaine pussy too so I worried
Got two shinies back to back and three Metagrosses in total!
Hahaha blushes all over
Thank youu
...and the championship lives on for another week. Formation lap vibes
Hi! The team is looking into this. Please hang in there , we'll get you an update as soon as possible. Thank you, Devrishi
Just arrived My very own designed stickers and greeting card Thanks Redbubble
By the way, wearing the smile you gave me.
What is ' gravitational matrix ' ? , can someone please enlighten us
I'd be happy to
Pretty good here!
Same here
Yes, invaluable work. Hats off to you!
Good morning Jayde. Enjoy a Fabulous day
Thank you I'm glad you like it. Looking forward to see you next month with a tasting box
As coffee shops or food places ?
Either! I don't mind!
What he said.
Then fly with
I feel so accomplished getting everything done around here before 4
avec
Thanks for the suggestions
Thank you Brother!
Thanks pal
I play or even think music here. The rain, wind, and occasional sheep bleating are just enough.
good
Boca vs River Plate would be a dream
loving the show so far.. the guys especially wait for act two
Ooooooo looks lovely.
Thanks for coming to the concert today! I seen ya
I know that feeling all too well, horrible Hope feeling a bit better this evening
We finally getting from Future and Mike Will next month sis
The multi fandom life
do you know when the hint sloth teddy will be back in stock?
Impossible to choose - we love ALL our lovely neighbours
Hello
He could work in the Central for a day and move on to Gerbaud if he needs a change of air actually the small,
Lol AYE this is Chocolate KNDY, and I super appreciate the love
Morning to, lets be friend oppa
I wait for episode
I have a life don't worry like seriously why are you that pressed about what I do? Go n tweet
Guess what. The defense gotta get a atop.
Getting my car fixed and my oil change appointment is Tuesday finally ! It took me forever to do this lol just lazy
Fantastic
Sorry. I'm disappointed with the results. Tao lang po. I'm so proud of our Queen Michele Gumabao
Haan
Hmmm... ok Hi. Ok highkey crushing on you now... bruhh i wanna know who's crushing on me
Rhaphigaster nebulosa
Hi didn't make it this week. Next week for sure
My heels are only worn for sitting. When ready to walk or go to the restroom i slip on my flats.
Thank you
thank you
bobohu since he be seen in the last post
Okay, that's fair because those are adorable
Thank you
Where to start?
Yes!
Might need stitches
mmmmm yum for as long as you like
Thanks , always a pleasure travelling with you
not certain who they are but they are adorable friends! I love these kind of moments!
Harass your ex-girlfriend while your wife of course tag teams graciously but hayy, women's rights
Hahaha me too I did record all of them on TV but never have time to watch it now I finally will
Yeah I know I know
Offscreen pictures of and crew member Sajid
Thank you for the shout out! I reall appreciate it
yay an oh thank goodness sorry I get nervous and worried very easily love you you an everyone here
Thanks Ruthie
prison break
life is just really fucking good right now
Kind offer, thank you
Check Out this!!
Our Sponsors are Giving You a FREE bet up to
Claim Yours
Good Luck!
10-i can always me people smile
Thanks, I may do, highly doubt I'd last long though, if I can get someone to do it with me I'll consider applying
The gorgeous Jesse (was Brian) chilling in his lovely new home
I love exploring here, so many beautiful parks, gardens and buildings to find, and then there's the Thames....
The bottom be looking like track suit
Keep looking then. I hope you find what you are looking for.
Bet my run was prettier than yours this morning 39 degrees
paz
When your crush is so nice
thank you lol have a great day!
Thank you Fiona
Bye Paris, and end of an intensive weekend. Tired but happy
Ditto! Gonna need a rewatch!
I think that A is of airplane pt2
It's the next song and the next mv
Thank you
I can relate ..
NICE TO know you tooo doll
Thank You you guys as well SURFS UP
Shout out to Don Joel our taxi driver
Ah thank you, I'll look
Who will go to Milan?
I would be happy if we could meet!
Dude in so happy for you! Iirc you couldn't catch their last tour, so I'm extra happy you got to this time
I heard this song from you
It made me like your voice
Thank you
Thanks
Im glad you both are ok sending love and prayers
Hiya thanks for yours too! I saw West Yorkshire and thought ooooh! from Wakefield, only in Leeds. So close
a shock, thank you
The high life
I'm finally going vegetarian and soon vegan I don't understand why ppl are so crazy about meat like? -?
Your welcome
Thanks
Daydream Believer - the Monkees.
Grande, love you guys, good strategy in the end, great drive by Kimi, well done Seb as well.. <3 Finally Kimi.
Really well thank you
You are giving people the opportunity to create, though. And the cameras themselves are works of art.
Thanks. But how do you manage to read Devanagari? I feel embarrassed for not being able to read your Kannada tweets.
super happy to share stuff like this This is when I wish I was made of money
En la historia es donde te aparece
how much is it ? just asking thank you
And tooo nice to me!
Only after you saw the result. ....
After a truly tricky week an afternoon with and my book group was a total tonic
This is great! Thank you for being a wonderful influence and support to my girl
And nutting in her
Thank you
Oh... you liked it ? Cool.
My new video for this make up look just went live. Go watch it if you are interested, the link is in my bio.
10-i can always make people smile
Offscreen pictures of and crew member Sajid
Hope you had a great time.
You are very beautiful
Hopefully these tunnels will be usable
No where jor!! Just bin busy with school and work.
I might!!!
Maybe for Christmas or one of the many birthdays coming up.
It's easy enough.
It's
But nothing heals the past like time
And they can't steal
The love you're born to find
Why thank you
Thank you
Hello
RT Have you got that And have you entered our yet? Just share &
Ace! I have yer mans birthday but apart from that I should be good
Wawww c est chaud !
Bon courage akhi
Also interested to know if this is available in Scotland......?
Wow that's fantastic and so awesome Mr
Aw unfortunately the delightful increase in hairiness could result in a static buildup and who knows what would get zapped
A tweet like that. Followed!
Awwwww. That's lovely
Especially when they're freshly baked
Merci beaucoup !
Let me let you guys in on an open secret.. . Laura's Ted talk.
Girls let me know if I'm lying
Blake's temple
Not webcam show
I want 88 rated Litmanen
I added you back!
Another 5 points Gutted Kmag got Checo in the pits but still a decent result
New Scuf
*Palancas de
*Topes hechos por mi!!
!!! Con incluida !!!
If you're that way then Granary Square is nearby & nice
try our very best! DM us and speak to powers at be tomorrow morning -Jonny
Thank you Chris, happy Sunday to you and Christine
I like more lemon but strawberry is also delicious
do you need rhythm? Just style it out I like Ashley and the Charleston is my favourite dance so
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
Ghana girls
Amazing day at the hyper day! Thank you
It's something very normal in Italy, nobody gives a romantic connotation to it so if two classmates
Indeed we could.
At last they right something right in the end.
Feeling much better this evening ...
Hi Susan, thanks for following. I'm following you back.
If you aren't satisfied with this resolution, you can always give our CS team a call on 0330 123 0790
You too, thank you for all the advice
Very true
Time to wash my hands before dinner
Glad it's apparent
Thank you!! just a couple with my phone, brought my camera and have a few hundred to go through and edit!!!
Looks great! (I must confess it was the brainchild of but I'm glad you found the template helpful!)
movies and junk food
You shouldn't have to prove anything crissy.. even if you did move on.. continue living the best life
welcome!
Congratulations!!
Thank you
Hi How are you ?
Wow
RT Have you got that And have you entered our yet? Just share &
Thank you
Thank you~ I'm trying my best even though I failed a lot of times!
too kind, thank you!
you just added me on LinkedIn Sascha,
Oh you'd be surprised
( except it's a dragon disguised as a flying cockroach na there we get problem Abeg)
How are you ?, so good to meet at HRC
it does describe you, but you look rough, pls ever try yourself like that again
Salman family
Ah so kind Lady Bathbomb we do so appreciate you joining us
I'm so glad they make you happy Thanks again for ordering!
Chester Copperpots!
you make my heart melt :')
thank you so much
I can't wait to meet you in February
I've been following you for a long time
Got into one of the best law schools in the country mate, not sure why trying to condescend to me
What an amazing opportunity! Thanks for the insightful blog post.
Easy, Butterfly on ITV+1
Awww sunshine coming through nice ...
It's okie Chloe! You're an Angel your doing great. Thank you so much for streaming today
Kate was incredible on stage and in person. I'll be smiling about this for a long time.
The moon
are really spoiling us recently
I hope you are happy with yourself
About 13 years ago
That is so lovely
why he my baby
Thanks Jono
Sorry. Wish there was something to cheer you up. Night
Lovely
Thank you, awesome! Please let me know what you think
sure is!
Fortunately it is I found it. Relatively inexpensive thank goodness.
thats how u know were cool
as RHS members do we need to pre-book for your Glow Gardens event? Thanks
Aw, glad you're good though and me too! x
I don turn on notifications
oh thank you dude, i appreciate it
cevap
It looks like but it was this morning in the
I'd like to think I could bluff my way thru. They must be pretty fit! I'll be sure to check in and let you know
Follow back!!
Babez is the absolute best. A keeper to be kept
I love this! copying
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness
Cheers! When I can smell the finish it gives me a boost
Lol - thanks to you!
TRIGGERED!
(it's just so F'N EASY!)
Thanks! be doing our best to be less of a secret in 2019.
Can we start accepting and normalizing women who make the decision not to have children. Please and thank you
ohhh thats a relief
Puddles
Pleasure- Sunday in the garden
Attended my Hen Do today. It was organised by myself, I did an excellent job
But finally got my food and smoke bout to chill and relax
I know, I normally get the dud lol. Well chuffed
Thank you Walter
... You are here
Very beautiful Patricia
Great weekend for our sport teams
Thank you so much
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness
hands are meant to work. Every day. Those calluses were earned. I love every one of my calluses
11:7
There is no difference between a wise man and a fool,when they fall in Love
eh im super comfy
Ja sichi....Moin auch, David.
I like people who I can be myself with.
FLBP candidate creates 3-D printed bikini (Video)
Its Snowin Outside .... Houston, Texas
Hello you
Hi dear. Nice to meet you
If you could have anu animal for a friend what animal would you pick? :p Panda or Tiger
Thank you I'm hoping you'll get something there soon!!!
From now on no more drinking
Thank God for the weekend but ready to get back to the grind tomorrow?
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
We did utilize officers talent reconstruct the profession
Thank you
It's definitely been a with
and
Rn? tell me when and go
it's not terrible here. you get used to it
x
should I try this? 1 like 1 answer
Thank you! Very kind and hope all well with you
No one else
Good Tokens with reward , would like to have more
Yeah 24 and thank you
Thanks so much Heather
anna smart i know quebecois uses a lot of diphthongs where european french
We're still waiting for the 23/12 to open but they should on the 12/11 if you can check again then, Ruth ^MW
thank you
Flaming Sky
Beautiful, Anita, really enjoyed readin this and looking at your images
Thanks RNG
i gotta pee soooo bad but my daughter is passed tf out in the car so i gotta suffer
My design bro
I knew what you meant before
I love how long it took me to decode this! My brain struggles on a Sunday night!
There is no difference between a wise man and a fool,when they fall in Love
Hopefully these tunnels will be usable in D2
I can understand that . People trying to be clever and mugging themselves off in the process is
The death stare your parents give you when you start eating before the guests!
.
Throwback To Eid Ul Adha!
.
that phone call juss brighten up my lil sad day
Interview Thursday , 2 jobs
Sun beaming just right
Ooh I heard of that, I shall investigate! Thank you
I'm always looking for more friends and interactions!
Thank you brother!
Goodmorning
They always look so Christmassy! I'll have to remember that, thank you xx
Pure Sensuality 2 - Scene 4
Thank You Jesus
Gracias Solo ustedes me consolais
Thanks, Neil.
I bet you are always cute
Thanks
Better wena, mna I'm very special
You nasty cause you like it
Suitably warm and comfortable and a good selection of ales. Just needed some good company to go with it
Nice to catch up with close mates who I haven't seen in a while today
A for effort
so nice for some driving
Ifb
we back!
Day 21: I get to see her tomorrow I love you Angel and I hope you have a fantastic day.
Thank you so much
I agree Gryff!
Thank you
I have..doing nothing ..the best kind of day
Congratulations Renee, you deserve them
Another profundity by Becks... Apparently the Pope is also a Catholic!!!
BBC News - David Beckham admits
We were never 25 but cute graphic.
You are so welcome
Yes...He was good but its not the right time for him. He shouldn't give up though
Thank you so much for getting behind this petition. Wishing you a wonderful week ahead
After loss they need to still and garagefishtown and what
Ohhh vaya...gracias
The universe give it to you until ready
I agree with the sentiment
not!
Banana + Watermelon (for men)
Cheers Nick !!
so he is close to him If that your only prove then your mind needs reboot
Lemme change the channel eh
I think that country dude has 416K. But we'll have it next week
That sounds like heaven
Cuz I posted
Gonna smoke a blunt & wait on my chipotle to get here
So happy for you
He think the prettiest girl in the world
Thank you!
Glad to be with you
Welcome masternim Applause!
hello. I love all of your twitter threads. You do a great job. That is all.
You're welcome I have an interest in unusual surnames and yours is one I haven't
I feel your pain, so good days in my book are very important and should be recognized
lmao meet my New Guinea pig idk what to name it though
Thank you!
the PS4 pro one with the two headphones
Good thing you're here, you'll use your crown to separate fight .
As per Adelaja
going to be such a dramatic home owner, claiming it
Well done ladies brilliant for Alex today
Hi, what colours are your 3in1 deluxe plus scooters in
It's literally just shoved up on my head between sets but thank you
Pick one female character
{rt after you vote}
I even feel bad that her number one priority is to irritate you tomorrow, wait
AM excited to see Findlay this year, not only are they incredibly talented, they are kind and genuine people! - Solon
O! Dayyya O! Daylight comes and I wanna go home in my
Check out the lyrics of "Sakura"
Thanks for looking out for me a real friend
I'm fine now thank you
took a break from these niggas now my pockets fat & better then ever and the tea ladies
As long as you're nice to people
People will be nice to you
What a fun day out
Sim !!
Awww Happy Birthday Hope she had a wonderful time xx that video
Makes sense. I probably have no personal use for the knowledge but I think it probably makes jail less scary for inmates.
What a Sunday ....
Memories of youthful days
Jah know gotta give the most high nuff thanks for
For real
sure be back! also be at Space in the spring, I think.
for the follow
You know I do hehe
found a new roommate.
;
A single smile can make day.
From P18 and finishing 2nd is really special
Slow progress, but progress none the less
welcome! well deserved!
Oh cariad fach be back to her bubbly self soon enough. Tell her I said get well soon x
no worries dude! have a great day!
i just took a bubble bath n now im tucking myself in for a nap. bye bye
Pues siiii!! A ver si cuadramos todos
Location: Couch
Awh thanks love I think I'm gonna keep it cus I really like it and it feels quite Christmassy which
Thank you Jackie and a charged glass is now prepared in readiness
PIDE TU VIDEO O FOTOS PERSONALIZADAS CON TU NOMBRE $$$$$
Momma always comes through!! Gym then dinner w my mamas
Thank you Steven , sweet dreams
Pumpkin Sunday
Thank u doll
Again subjectivity matters
but yes upbringing defines from which eye u r seeing the things in ur surrounding ..
My Sunday was awesome
Day 1: Lets hope a good day
They didn't get up out of bed!
I got to catch up on Twitter and wait for the morning alarms to go off.
Bring on Monday
I look forward to the book!
for the follow
Definitely my no 1! A voice for working class, tax paying, honest people! Your attitude is refreshing. Thank you
Te hago RCP?
Thank you
Yo nombro a Suerte a todos
welcome.
please find them and bring me some stickers from Vegas
Miss you ! Hope t meet you in Singapore. Even for a short moment
Thank you for sharing.
Oh merci gentil
Can't even tell you what I'm thinking right now
Mmm nearly falling out there
Thank you for answering my question earlier today at Q and A, meant a lot to me!!
Awww so sweet
Once again thank u So
OMG! You have to see this. > pa share live po fb/Twtter Thank you .
You look good in green!
Apparently my dick long enough for a few people to stand on
I miss grambling I wait til homecoming
Congratulations and ARMY well deserved awards and so much fun giving them to the boys
Cool..thankyou!
Thalaivar Veriyan dhan bro Na... so Always Thalaivar dha Support
No problem
Message me on Facebook and we can make so@etching happen
rt to be in a greggs gc
- must stan greggs
- be homophobic or be kicked
- only adding my streaks
Thank you
Hope your having a Great Time
Are you enjoying the UK?
the only person that gets me and helps me is my best friend the rest of you can kindly fuck off
My pleasure dear R you absolutely deserve it Thank you very much
Take care and Enjoy
found out can really what whoop a Nigga ass and bout that life
Luvvly jubbly !
Visit pronto! He's the loveliest!
thank u
I have been to Baltimore and going to Virginia next year
Wow! Wonderful!!
Thanks Edwin!
But the best thing ever done
sure it will make his/ her day. clear he/she likes the attention.
You guys should check out my Youtube Channel, I'm pretty bomb.
Ouiii
Thank you
When you woke up at exactly 3:41 am because your tummy is hungry
about to eat and take a nap
Gotcha.
Ok let me check
I think it would look nice
Welcome to Twitterville
Yippee....,. Its time .
Message me on Facebook and we can make something happen
This pie is so good
Thanks Richard. Hope to see you somewhere soon
Domingo
I shall get the keep you awake water spray ready
This is the link thanks Done :) - Luke
I cooked... but now not hungry
Vikings win and a eagles loss is always a good day in my world
That made me feel a little better
Went out with a guy a few years ago & he used this one in every message. Weirdo!
Maybe he should hire Avenatti as his lawyer
Thanks
I would pay to see this!
We just played in London with I repeat: we just played in fucking LONDON with Egokills!
Wow, I got matched with 3 classrooms in AZ, NY and CA with ! so excited! Students range
I sent my mother an anti-homophobia contract that she refused to agree to, and we spoken since. Try Jesus. try me.
I'll let you know
Lets try
Love is when your mom picks up on the first ring
Omg I wait to see Season 3, thank you Pamela
Dune du Pilar?
Blue is my luckiest colour
I have thank you have you?
bebe a bordo...
Brilliant show
Great session
Now we gotta go look for my crush
Tudo normal antes do role braboo
Gorgeous !
French fries sa jollibee si Dodo
You can come to Bangkok the nearest country for meeting haha.
Thank you! I'm excited about this event. First time I've had a photo in anything this big
Depends how you wear them.
Done~ I thought I must rt the tweet from not your quoted tweet. I'm sorry for my dumbness!
She's a pain in my ass, but I still love her.
Yay Halloween next weekend wait
Thank you
Beautiful lady.
Have a good time
Feeling blessed
That nap was everything
Just have been to the and oh my. It was amazing! Hope I can meet him personally one day
Exactly
Essshh! I am available for tuition bro, weekends fully flexible but 18
Yeah but I think ima get past the ass. That ass is lovely
Nice to be back home and eat properly
I didn't just mean on Twitter
I like to imagine College Animals being a part of Cartoon Network
I just dont know if a comedy slice of life
I love how good I feel physically and mentally with steady blood sugars. Wish I had cut the out of
Verissimo
Ian I know you're in DC but I've been watching vs Toronto and the TSN analyst sounds like you - Steven Caldwell.
Thanks!!!! Followed back
Learning to drive
Awww yayyyyy! You are going to love it! How are you? Nat xx
Is she talking about herself right? Yeah, think so
Selfish, shameless, sneaky, creep, immoral, liar, vile, spineless... wonder how one person can be so good
Goodnight Lucy
It was a good one We went at the seaside this afternoon
Hope you had a good one
As Always i will be Here for my QUEEN Thanks God that Enca exicting in this World
old lol. Thank you
This is AWESOME! (I want one)
Thank you!
And much needed
I can feel the peace through the photo Nigel
December 8th is the show
Definitely I'll be getting it also
Your buying choices have consequences.Please consider them and those that suffer.Thank you.
i love you the most
Aww thank you lovelies you guys are awesome!
I'll look first thing in the morning and let you know
It's a nice idea, just saying
Sure, I'd love to share it. Let me re-edit some chapters.
Well thank you, definitely make time to check that out
I'm still on GameStop TV. It's Lady Devann who is at Bethesda now
Thank you Anji much appreciated
Truth bomb!
If passenger load is full, fuel cannot be
Hey there! would you be interested in trying some of our detoxing, nutrition and energy drinks?
Thank you!! Yes love to meet up!!
Thankyou He's not a very good detective.. but he does love searching for things!
Signal boost for our beautiful comicants! Get in on this
I promise when I get my own crib copping this
You deserve a treat
Hope you had fun!
Fall Folking With My Baby p.s. I finally got my bun beanie
.@Delta broke the handle of my suitcase & gave me a new one for free! Such great service.
Feliz descanso!
please sing every rose has a thorn by poison, would suit you down to the ground!
thank you
Good luck tomorrow
Each to their own and all that
I cried too, glad Phil is ok after all that and well done to you Derren awesomeness as always
what i like to hear!! let you know
Hmmmm in that case follow ur mind
Thanks baby I really appreciated you calling on Friday
Alex from cheers with you
Finished (almost) piece
Great comment Thank You
Of course!!!
duygusu
Go to New York
Island life
When I get back to school, about to do my homework take a shower eat and then lay it down
Lemme see it first
Are chickens worthy of your love? Yes
Blame the fire for burning you after you went into it even though aware that fire burns.
feminist_majority_az campus organizers weekly meeting Starbucks
Big things coming my way and so proud and excited
Thank you so much
Black woman hair chronicles. The transition is crazy. But kind of feeling my color purple knots.
Awesome how will you spend your Sunday?
Your welcome thank you for ordering
yes..becuz hm Quran prte hena
Glad to be a part of the community and to meet everyone!
Congratulations!!
Starz. I did a 7 day free trial
should be getting my xim apex next month. judge me, I just prefer mouse and keyboard as been using it for longer.
me too! i'll check it later or tomorrow tho,,, let me know if you're sure and looking for someone to go with what day ba?
And this Belle
Honey Boo Boo aka Alana Foxtrot Tonight are you ready?
playing in some cinemas again because of its 10th anniversary
can you tag me in it? sign it. definitely not a muppet!
Thanks for dismissing it and believing in fiction instead
Gracias Tinet!
Facts only chica. Facts only
Do what you LOVE and never have a problem with Monday
OMG! You have to see this. > pa share live po fb/Twtter Thank you .
Thank you for reading
Goodmorning!
Cheers
What else could it possibly be?
Thank you!!
Benedict Cumberbach aware I botched that) was fantastic in this!!! One of my faves.
She's handing out life lessons
Namjoon... the 2nd picture is so you.. hahaha... nice to see you get to walk around and have a good visit in Paris...
We have an awesome rink here we are three generations strong going,me my daughter a d granddaughter
I appreciate it
Ma mucker
That was so funny we can't stop laughing
Morning everyone - forget our Craft Collective night is on this Friday
Awe omg bless.
Love to your family and you
okay thank u for explaining
Not socialists though Hattie. Totally useless in every respect
thank you
Sorry, I read your tweets about Crystal backwards.
Thank you
I couldn't agree more. I'm not going anywhere
Let me get the popcorn
That's very sweet
Me alegra mucho!
But really God will hv frnds for u and they wish too they find like u And its true So ppol out there
Haha. No need for applause. Happy to help make it happen. Loving the community.
Thank you as I love baking
I mind writing it so, all good
Hold me down like that wig on your head bitch
we both are!
scared, and rattled. It brings a huge smile to my face!
When hearts your comment over the other 1.9k comments
GET UR DAMN MERCH AT
Aww so sweet
Well deserved though!
Thanks Liz
Woot! TYVM very lovely ream and judge I'm delighted to be a finalist in
Corn mazes , sunflowers , and pumpkins seems like a good beginning to fall
The west need us more than we need them my friend, we are a very heavy country ( politically and economically)
wait
No, but I'm working on a condensed blog post version! I'm honored that you would watch it
I love you
We are recruiting in my organization
CoD , fornite
EU COD players please
DM me
Thank you Amie--commented back!
See you in Rotherham
Thank you, Rosetta!
you can send the gift cards to sophieladder@protonmail.com
Wonderful support. Thank you so much Sara
It's okay to be sweet and harmless. Nothing wrong with that.
Fell asleep .. Woke up to see the Eagles lost ..
These really do look great! I love the purple one
No point this cos this already happened to me and it looked worse
The trailer empty
It was great, it?
you still love me though
I get over this it just makes me happy montage and rc coming soon....
Yeah!
Aah well, maybe next time
Lol you eehn
Thank you
You look fabulous and love the face mask
Vettel survives another weekend!
I think this was you guys
man. Give Hue a break!!
Wish me luck fb yah
Fell for him got up since
Thank you
Less special effects and more practical engineering
This is my lazy kitty.
Dang, so happy for you. Hopefully you can make it to Texas soon!
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness
thank you kindly! living vicariously...
One of my favourite beers, good taste
No not this year , but in 2019
I swear bed is the best place to sleep
It gives me the fastest erection I love it
And your girlfriend is trans, isn't she? Wish you both well
Merci super
The beauty of opinions is that everyone is entitled to their own. But thanks for sharing.
have a great day Michael!
I know kill it anywhere you go let me know if I can anything for you.
That's so so so true
i have really just started to not give af.
thanks ken love you the most!
I love this part, turns of the black pepper speaking to me
It was SO GOOD
Just need to get creative with tofu and hummus
What a lovely day
Hey there Brendal
i went short w. my last set, so i might get ratchet w. this one
Maybe not eaten and drank together. But Separately...I love them
Fall season in the suburbs of Mtl because constantly in deep thoughts, when I took this small moment to
Lovely sexy stockings Just a shame we can't see up the dress
Home sweet home! House is nice and cosy as our neighbour kindly came in and switched the heating on for us arriving tonight!
Auch
My MENS
better late than never! i love this shot
It was an absolute beauty wasn't It! Great photos
I had just taken
Everything is good my brother
Thank you
Thank you my beautiful friend
Goodmorning!
Not surprised just simply making an observation
You're welcome
Haha, thanks Bailey-Lee! All the best
1 Fact about me.
I have a Platonic passion for "Plan"
I bloody love Doom! one of my faves! Can watch it over and over
Ofcause I know that I live in Sweden and it was all over the news...sad and wrong, my opinion!
Straight Like That!
Finally watching Hocus Pocus
Church day and free movie night thanks much sa mga card holder ng simply life
Aresa Robala re push course fela MoFire kamo
might as well add me too | j.sutton2
Hope you good?
I'm sure bellestore has a big shop now
You're very welcome Emma
Look at that. Target has a non-dairy ice cream now too! a vanilla cookie dough one as well (I
I think
Done already
5 Ways To Minimize Your Stress
I also had an Ouma who was one of those kinds of people She passed away in
I finished my retweet deal
It was a good one at the seaside in family
thank you
He is the best !
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
I would gladly take a 30 minute massage for my birthday or Christmas
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Good thinking that x
Thanks
Thank you for continuing to follow me Keep any eye out for my 4th original song & video being
Ahahaha Hola
The judges would have decided who left strictly after the dance off
Ana wejdi
SIngle or in a relationship? In a relationship
Yay! Well done, Bianca! Great stuff
Looks very cosy; Halloween, Strictly, the dog...
ship this
Bibi ki aaj dhulai, Nirma se .
Thank you for providing the washing machine
I'm shook
YOU GOT ANY NEW MATERIAL
NOT THAT I AM COMPLAINING
JUST SAYING HI
Greatest television series in the history of television. In the earliest episodes, Barney was cousin.
Go heat! My favorite Kendra Scott earrings
Uploading my first bo4 edit tomorrow
Thank you
I'll be there for support too you can do it
There's 7 billion smiles in the world & yours is my favourite, I hope you have a great day. Could
are you enjoying the UK?
Always a pleasure with your stunning recipes
This sums up why going to marry you (eventually)
When are you building an Apple outlet in Nigeria? We just wait
Plenty of people appreciate a stocky fella like yourself
The Kababs..
.
The Biryanis...
.
.
The Daals..
.
.
And, much more...
.
.
In the:
Our Pride
.
.
.
India
.
.
There's 7 billion smiles in the world & yours is my favourite, I hope you have a great day. Could
Merci
It's been handled dear
There's 7 billion smiles in the world & yours is my favourite, I hope you have a great day. Could
Hope you feel better soon Robert!! Get lots of rest and have some soup
to hate on people on the internet but here we are
Look at that smile.
Planning to see you in November
There's 7 billion smiles in the world & yours is my favourite, I hope you have a great day. Could
Guys I mean it like chill you guys are awesome
Love to beg my lovely xxx
Night lovely xx
Chilli or garlic & herb Gouda
been in the monastery for a while so at least know someone when you get there see you on holy island soon
There's 7 billion smiles in the world & yours is my favourite, I hope you have a great day. Could
yess
thank you so much
There's 7 billion smiles in the world & yours is my favourite, I hope you have a great day. Could
Followed from my other accounts as well.
Thanks so much!!! Followed
Omg yes, this joy is contagious! Thank you! I needed it!
Great Banner
Un tesito hace bien
Is true we go way back...to a random tweet about curry
There's 7 billion smiles in the world & yours is my favourite, I hope you have a great day. Could
I am indeed
A very good night sweetie darling's.. All is well with you... Yay .... Mwah x
Just got my soul food plate and in for the day
Merci
Maxi has been pumpkin picking today, we got soaked in the rain but had lots of fun
Well done on your run today
What did you think of it?
So happy for you, Karen Enjoy your home title
That made me smile a lot, thank you
el hamdulileh
PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness if
S/O to the pats defense at the end
Shanina Shaik into the weekend (26 Photos)
Ours should have been up tonight but hopefully will be tomorrow
There's 7 billion smiles in the world & yours is my favourite, I hope you have a great day. Could
I got a few thanks
Magnificent fiery clouds! Looks like fire Might have to do a paint pour like this
This is One of my favourite hobbies
There's 7 billion smiles in the world & yours is my favourite, I hope you have a great day. Could
He's good, running his organization and making a difference in peoples lives, and he's healthy..
If any one finds a pint of "gimme s'more" icecream at their local grocer - swing that
So glad you are
There's 7 billion smiles in the world & yours is my favourite, I hope you have a great day. Could
My history teacher used to let us watch Blackadder on the last day of school. I hope you do show
now a genuine smile on my part.Gonna knife train in the morning and be calm before bed .Thanks for the smile
Yes, it was. We are uniquely annoying
New England Won Dolphins lost! a beautiful day
I know thanks
Together
She has written a little note for you too which I will make sure gets to you when you are back next
Got me a spooky basket
Night Shirley & have a good week both of you
So close.. Good game though.
The Cranberries...
I hope everyone is having a great Sunday.
Going out to celebrate my Mom's birthday in two hours so I have to
How was church?
Perfect view Upskirt pussy, see thru titties, sexy stockings and nice big heels.............
There's 7 billion smiles in the world & yours is my favourite, I hope you have a great day. Could
This latina booktuber thanks you
Tudo
Patriots just almost gave me a damn heart attack 5-2 tho
Phew, New England never catches breaks like that at the end of games
really hot out here but I love my job ,so no complaints
Thursday for me!
I want this pup!
If is still a thing- I would be so grateful for The Grisha Trilogy.
Love Yourself : Her. Any version. Aaaaaaaand my bias is Taetae.
Those two beaming smiles on Vicky and Lily in the mirror!
been growing my attitude is really like that .
Bears finally down.
Good morning muna tas Goodluck na whoo!! Go MT!!
Goodnight
you called her a skank, sweetheart.
You do nothing but being ignorant, foolish & stupid
Wooo.
A new design for mugs is available on redbubble!! It's been a while since I've made anything
for sure
if a revolutionary student or a union organizer in China already the case
Visited there on our mini moon, beautiful place.
It's so cheerful
Back at it again making me blush
For
will the game feature a Story Mode this time? I would have loved the original to have one!
U know that
At least you left him with some hair
has a different flavour, I kinda mess with it
I get it all good here. Life is beginning to settle in my world. That's a wonderful thing after
2 pumpkin patches in one day
I just have to remember I don't work tomorrow and can spend all day sleeping
Spending my Sunday 'shopping' designer clothes and bags, adding them to my basket and then never checking out
Thanks for sharing
Nope I commented liked copied and retweeted
Where would we be without it?
okay. And thank you
Thanks so much coach!
Oh, I think I know what that look on your face means
No, this one you don't... Not yet... But
How can I convince you that we all came to watch your stream because of you, not because of Wii Sports?
Thanks for sharing
The iPhone 8+ crazy how good it can be with the rights apps.
Imma just leave my boomerang here
BOL! Dere is only 1 Raffa...n she no for sale
Hope good?
And she knew. Somehow, Rosa knew.
Can you confirm who is taking over the former Studio 52 hairdressers on Wheel Lane yet please? Thank you
Thanks for that Daily Caller. Glad you got my back.
Ahh... this makes sense. Thanks for explaining
Welcome to New England, enjoy your stay
back onboard for a couple of weeks next month and then next year around Asia, he want to come home
benim olsan bunlar harika
Yes, we can text by those phones having keypad without looking on them .
Those are the days
The lodgers have arrived!!! Along with their chair . Lovely to have a dog in the house again
a picture with the very handsome last night (@carleynolson shared this lovely photo on
Tengo chinitas
Thank you so much xx
Thank you
Not sure how it looks but that part of Texas is called the
This is so true
Pre sale code is emailed to you tomorrow after 12 noon, hope that helps
fao Shakira.. hello sory late reply just seen response
Admin (temsili)
Thanks! I really like it myself tbh
Thanks for listening.
I wait to see you!!!! 5 days
TRON $TRX price: $0.024319
We checked! Binance registration is currently open
Morning Tweeties! Happy Monday Last week of work then on holidays! Huggles and coffee all round
I take one every day. I crush em cuz they taste too good!
Oh Janice you have the voice of an angel and you looked stunning I felt
I'm not there yet but I'm not where I used to be...
Dress and wig by my very own self
Yu passed the test. Recent Man is lucky
Anytime
Ahhh stop it turn bright red
Aw thanks for the heads up lovely
Thanks. My mum grabbed it for me in then end
Had a wonderful day with this one yesterday
My restraint extends to here so probably only mentioned once or twice. And yes, thank you
Such a beautiful picture That smile so eluminating fills you full of joy! Just Wow!
Lot of love surrounding you luke
Such a good look on you...... Sexy as hell
I have more pictures if you would like them.
Have a fun day with Pops boys!
Yes girl some good
Finally unloaded some books from my shelves, and placed them in Little Libraries around I hope
thank you!! gonna be happy when I get back
Max second
Lovely dinner at the with and
I really enjoyed my iced coffee. I'm so thankful for and my flamingo shaped ice cubes
It's been a chill out and relax for me
Buy or not to buy...that is the question...and we go for a 'Hell yeah!'
When you thought you were gonna ruin his life but instead he ruined yours
I am usually hyper aware and I see references and connections all the time. But I can be quiet too and just there
Car selfies will drive us into spring (45 Photos)
how was church today?
I'd have him shipped over
Someday, your baggages will be lighter and you will finally be genuinely happy.
Stay strong!
still in the fence but will try them out for a couple weeks and see if they grow on me.
Hi all, just popping in to say hi and that I hope everyone is well
Safe flight Mr U
The fruit the problem
Okay kung hindi yun ring at yun chain ring in the neck dun ako 54 chairs
Same to you! Hopefully the safe staffing bill will put things to right!
Pues voy a probarlo
Current $IOTA price: $0.50
Binance registration is now OPEN for limited time!
you know you're the best thing that's happened to Queen?
PIDE TU VIDEO O FOTOS PERSONALIZADAS CON TU NOMBRE $$$$$
Thank you
Very nice! Hope it gets the job done.
No problem
65 days till
Thank you so much my dear friend
Woot woot woot! Okay, not facing Elites...
Cool!
already on it
oh aye u anaw
Siempre
Thank you
There are so many fabulous ceilings! Thank you
Night handsome
Hmm so two hours before the show starts. Thank you
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness
Adding to my list. Thanks
Good luck! You've got this
I think I'm going to study now
First soccer game wasn't allowed to take my top off at the final 10min. Mind, cool atmosphere
You hedges look grest & the habitats, food, shelter etc they provide are vital. Please don't be bullied
Food and sex! What could be a better combination!
Yes
Thank you for the follow
Jaa, tolle Gruppe.
Your welcome
No poor baby doesn't deserve that
She's a good girl
Thank you
Good Morning Monday!
Thank you
Laura I our photo so lovely to meet you. Enjoy the rest of your time in Paris with your sister
always season in Malibu soaking in the never ending
by
OMG! You have to see this. > pa share live po fb/Twtter Thank you .
Personally I really love and cherish my sleep, so if you wake me up you do it at your own risk.
The thought of Kadokura making Inudou beg for his life makes me smile
Hello Lovely
2 signature from this household.
Yes very contagious
what I thought but I wanted to make sure
Can we start over? I just want to be friends now
Huge congratulations! I hope feeling ok and that also doing well. Enjoy every minute of this most special time
We are together
Yes pleeaaase
feel the same carli
your favourite spooky Victorian scene
Rams W to come ...
ever see name and wanna choke slam them cos same
I was about to watch that yesterday! watch today !
Enjoy your Friday with Nina Agdal (26 Photos)
Goal!!!! Brooks Macek!!!! Its tied 1-1!
cant wait too get my stuff together and have a family
Why is so adorable
Not sure how to feel about the new single butttt excited to hear the rest of the songs
FUCK my hair has gotten so long I wait to see how good it looks when I dye it black again
the Enrique tickets & cocktails are yours!
Really glad you enjoyed it!
TThank you
Thank you!
Thank you Mike, great song choices
Is that a hat on me?
9:31
I hope to be able to see a project of yours like that someday
i woke up so early in the morning hearing the bang hopefully it wil be s good sign
just something magical about the Blackpool illuminations
Thank you
Wow! Hello, kitty (not that one)! Anyone else want to vote for Please make it so!
Hi how do you feel being this wrong? Are you embarassed now?
Next time mind your business thanks
Abs schmabs! You look bloody amazing and I wish I looked just a quarter as good as you!
Non heureusement
This was an excellent teaching....perfectly articulated!! Thank you
Went to Fuel after the game
the yes from Lord would be worth the wait
That's one of the best ways to look at it. Getting words down everyday.
What's your nano name?
That's another good idea too and supporting animals is close to my heart
You actually can! In the drop down menu, you can select this I do it all the time.
Poking my nose one more time, Cheryl
Here is the other intro text we read last
welcome
Yay! Congrats!! come cheer them on at the next game
Set the projector up and so good!
Glad you find your right arm to be worthless. Most
Hmmmm that's what I thought earlier but then someone said to me "don't be sad bcoz someone left but be
Of course, I would also recommend The Imaginary Voyages of Edgar Allan Poe.
Wanted Milan to win but seeing Icardi score just makes me happy
Typical buccaneers football
TONIGHT AT 7PM IN BASEMENT!!!! ALL ARE WELCOME
Today was actually a productive day. Im proud of myself
Appreciate you and the other Misscreants
No argument from me there
This makes my otherwise kind of day.
Yeah, let's see how this plays out.
Patriots win
You're definitely not a gremiln Gabs quit playin love ya tho
Ah deh spy u if u go gimme for real anaa
Thank you
You're welcome
Thank you (not sure if I thanked you!)
Wie recht du hast
I hope so
Hang in there
seeing it on the 24th
night Anna enjoy your evening
Your friendship makes me smile
I remember those days! Good times
Cold morning!
You should be going door to door Effie.
I would if I were in Toronto.
Take nothing away from it though, good to see Kimi back in the circle
We are having a lovely day here today too....sun is shining & temp has dropped. Perfect weather to me!
so proud of the boys category and so please to see do so well
On a roll!!
Pleasure! Will be great to see The Path To The Sea on the shelves
Hi Tonya, I forgot to tag you Anthony has tied the knot with Kim
I have a complaint !! I am used to be treated like Filth !! Let Get it Checked , if they
existe....
Tonight at 6 Sen. Tim Kaine and Rep. Bobby Scott will be at the NN office (down the street from CNU).
Happy Birthday!! Hope you get everything you wish for
thanks Marvin, didn't feel great but a run is a run I guess
Hey Sahriq, we've responded to your DM, please check.
I loved our chat! Thank you so much for sharing your stories and ideas with me
Mi conductora favorita
$DASH Dash price: $155.02
HURRY! Binance is currently accepting new users
not hello bitchessss
So sweet, but yes the movement comes first sis
JEDES COSPLAY NUR 10
Keine Versandkosten
Gerne RT
How are you guys doing today?
so good
Couch, blanket, and football/hocus pocus is what October Sundays are made for
New (for me) author enjoying it so far!
No spoilers!!
Still hv it
RT e sigam para ser indicado.
You also need to be able to relax so if you know it well enough buy tickets if you have time for it go
We males get these wins very often. We have to savor them.
I Hate Everyone So..
Good to be back on the ward today just for an early
Guess staying down here in Mississippi
Je confirme
Thank you!
Vettel crack once again under pressure
well done Lewis
We dont have an official release date yet. We're starting production early 2019! Keep checking back for updates
When an opportunity presents itself to bring joy or be kind to others, I seize it
- too early*
Le but pour l'or 1
welcome.
Starting tonight's viewing with the beautiful interviewing the excellent aka PapaTimmy
Happy birthday Grandad!!! You two look so cute and cozy!! I bet you'll get up
meh. felt like garbage lol I think I need a longer break
Jersey for my collection because never stop loving
Lovely shots
And I forget you, Wau and colleagues
Your song, and a reminder that I am never gonna STFU
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
She says hello back
Eres mi...
Very.
No worries. I just wanted to clarify as something very important to me.
Will you be there next week? haha
Thank you from another Democrat out west! You are appreciated!!!
Con una fan. Preciosa
Parker is one of my new clients! he cute?
Ok thank you for your willingness to participate. looking for women who are both.
Redheads on a Tuesday? The Gods have smiled upon us all today (48 Photos)
Que comece os trabalhos
Some selfies are a cut above the rest
I found all the Halloween movies for this marathon tonight though
Be still, if only for a moment, and maybe a will happen by and try to share your water with you I
We love hanging out with other
Comment if you wanna have a mix sesh
.
.
.
.
.
. Thank you for following me
I am going to sleep now everyone have a great day/night
It was lovely love my little Princess xx
vai tomar no cu entao
Thank you
I hope too
Register today for our FREE LEGO building contest! All ages and abilities are welcome Challenge your friends
Hope right. Regardless, we must remain Vigilant.
merci
Thank you lot's of love Riley-Ann
Its a programme on ITV
Earlier with my nephew pup ... Now back to the beginning
. Thank you for following me
Thank you
Yeah sure am. But busy is good
feeling a bit better today, gonna stream once I get home from work
You need TV these day and age to watch series. But yeah the Night Manager was quiet a big something in like 2016
I doubt that for a minute
Me creepily watching my husband nap with our son.
Got your notifications on.........Thnx..
Excited to see another part of the African Diaspora explored.
This is our final Director of Sponsorship, Ethan Boes.
Year: Junior
Majors: Accounting
Spaces left if like to join us
Happy birthday Breyniac
Chicken and waffles for dinner tonight
I was in a similar convenience store this morning in Malad. I was like a kid in a candy store
My soul reflects the places my feet have wandered Thankful for a beautiful weekend seeing the family
Feliz noche Himar.
We're so happy you like Store Pickup, Hali! Glad it works out great for you!
Me and my mcm laugh at the girls who beg him
I want Liam to treat my holes with respect!
is my new friend
We spell the word dog the same way in my home language *tshivenda* thank you for sharing
Sweet
Right back at ya
Luckily I care what you think
Hi Stella, my only suggestion is time travel (based on your timing's - I hope you mean 21 or
Ready to eat at the fair
Twinkle gram in a few months I hope!
Thanks Christopher
Be Crazy to Miss This!.
ORDER HERE:
Makes a perfect gift. Buy 2 or more and
Exhausted af but it was a good day that ended good (@ galaxy far away in
The video of the daddy and his daughter singing girls like in the mirror really makes me excited to have a wee family of my own some day
Trade hearts is my favorite song
I'm new but I'd love to join
Thank you
I suspect that this ray opens a portal because if you aim at the point with the weapon then you hear strange noises
I made borscht and it it is not the worscht thing I've eaten. Very pleased.
...Also a great film though
kedisi
I mean we are all weird and it's ok so why not
No problem, thanx for following me
hi thanks for your follow
Thank you
Thank you!
How did you guess! love it
a lazy Sunday for me.
Thank You, Mr. President!
Now please insure those displaced by Hurricanes will not be deprived of their
Love it
So good to hear
welcome
Time to relax.
It was amazing and chef said he would cater for my needs if anything I could not eat as it was
Very good
Yes absolutely, next time in or around Brighton I will definitely be there
Chillaxin with the fur fam Anchorage, Alaska
I was
Thank u sm!! I always love reading your hcs, they make me happy I LUV U SO MUCH UR THE SWEETEST
Thank You
Good point, transit been done with other things... Hmmm, Triumph 2000?
Ah okay!
I'm calm and that's just how I like to keep it with my loved ones. Too busy to capture those
check out my let's play mario an rabbids kingdom battle final
Flash just getting complicated,dry and repetitive everyone wants to be a superhero in that verse but enjoy
Thank you very much! I was happy to get you as my contestant in the sweepstake. Congratulations on reaching the quarter finals
May be phone tomorrow because something is not right
Rica ederim
There are so many young people struggling out there I hope is showing them to be who they are and do whatever makes them happy
Hyy my no.1 brand in Indian mark I have a question can u give me discount in Amazon sale 10% in
Luna's dressed for the game
This made my day! wait to hear it
Got my manicure pedicure & haircut done b4 in Leland, North Carolina
The move is in Ted and 5 year plan
Glad you had a great day and good work on finding the sticker
When did you guys start stanning BTS? I started stanning on December 7th, 2017
snozzcumbers
Job well done Sean. I try to stay on the right path
Thanks Felicity...I had spotted it on Instagram.
Hi
So glad you enjoyed it Marianne!
I like this
You should make a post asking ppl if they wanna be in a groupchat for it! :) add me as well
hola Morgan, good afternoon. Beautiful girl
mobarak Ho
Ap b celeb Bn Gy Hain
Unfollow Kr k...
Tang Ka Dabba Apka Hua
That would be awesome!
Nice
I think Sauber can be a better team the next two years. forget what impact Kimi did to Lotus.
Viola bianca blanche one of the bottles i picked up in
Thank you!! I really appreciate it
Had a great week off work and it's done wonders for me mentally refreshed and energised !
I used sketchbook for my profile and Did my landscape one
That actually was pleasant.
well i rly have to ruin everything all the time dont i
(get_repost)
Janella now at Marco Polo Hotel event!
We have them all here! We have trucks, sedans, minivans, and etc. Stop by today so you can take one home today
Come on Toronto kick the Marxist left wing elites in the teeth and vote for Faith.
For sure best weather run in
Blame the fire for burning you after you went into it even though aware that fire burns.
Parce que j'suis pas original
DAAAAMN! What a nice match this was
Fall
Obvs
Happiness
Happy Friday to win
Perfect! I needed a new show to binge watch so this sounds great
Wonderful birthday? Check!
It's been great! Thanks for the wishes!
I wait to leave Cali and play soccer in Texas next year
haloo, ayo! love is love
Work is crazy now hauahau when I get home I will update my thread. I was having fun
Cassy offered to take me to a Chinese buffet today. She really does know the way to my heart
Bye..Good Night
Sweet Dream
Followed
Muy Nagore
Aww and a sweetheart Petal
Inter are on a mad run. Italian Arsenal.
Of course because my views don't match yours I should adopt the 'crosstika'
How incredibly mature
Nice mugs
Hey Laura! This ends at midnight tomorrow night!
A freebie by the fabulous Natasha Preston
Lol , it be complete nau, some cheap boys nd girls be slaying
Lions win too
First Time sa World of Fun ang sapoton
Goodluck on the new baby!!
Yay! Did you have fun?
Always. Every day is another opportunity
When you drop them at their level, they begin to dislike you. Friends becoming enemies but fuck them, watch me well!!
clean
I had a terrys white chocolate orange today
Lovely pics
Be smart you're an option to me not a choice Honey
Thank you
thank you, i'll try it out !!
Gonna have it on sale you should buy it
You're welcome
Yes
Yep you should try it and see
Of course.
I'm so happy for you!
when I do your makeup
Bakayoko played just 7 minutes. Got a yellow and his team conceded a goal
Ha! Das guck ich mir glaube ich noch an
so happy for you
Well said, Ginny!
It really was
Photoshoot na!!
I will be next week
Happy Sunday
Ana Lorena
.
.
.
.
AnaLorenaSanchez
Indeed! Let's see what happens in Mexico
I like from my when they want a second chance
Spending time with the women in my family makes my heart happy
Also Go Ditto
Thanks so much guys! Hope to be enrrolling soon
Goodmorning
Southeast London
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Yeah finished today
it already ends with 054
Go see my brother if out home hunting
Bella looks comfy
I love this picture his hand
.
Hello world
The me of Yesterday
The me of Today
The me of Tomorrow
With no exeption
It's all me
Fair play to Doubled his popularity in a week!
Now at 2%!!
thank you
Esto
Done
This form is still open, don't forget to sign up to volunteer with us! You have until Wednesday morning to sign up
Its ok u get over it
Of course! put it aside for you and send a message in a couple of days to sort everything out.
Love it
how wonderful tae~ i'm happy for you
Followed you great to see another streamer not too far away
Happy birthday
Keane is a defender without Williams
it also caught me by surprise...a happy surprise luckily, programmed in my dvr so i noticed the
Haha thanks Bryan banana man had quite the fan fare along the way
I wanna be HAPPPPY boo all
She is soo beautiful with the new haircut
Sexy bikini top
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
All of my teams won this week. It's a good day.
Im sure there will still be some stuff available
You mean the world to me boo you the bestest and I love you to Pluto an back I. WIN.
I moved to Northern California lol
Hello, world!
Boy Mum
a good brans, Ate?
Slept good af last night I love resting it does my body so good
Look on Amazon or even Google it and click on shopping. I buy everything from amazon but I checked on those yet.
awal shay esmha wallah thane shay ma6lbtay shay
I was blessed with the good health to run the Detroit US Half Marathon this morning and finished in 1:49.20, a
That's the Len\Rin Kagamine design.
you go to vote recharging station and for video u can watch it 10 times a day
Taehyung if you ever come to Madrid, would you let me take you to Reina Sofia and Thyssen museums? I think you'd like them
true Jen. Noel should meditate on his own line
Hermoso te amo
Love you too Eric it is I just need to stay away from Twitter I hope you are doing good
I'm so gald you're enjoying yourself
I sure how I felt about it but now I know thanks love
Glad that ur enjoying urself
I'm so happy for you Tae
Huzurlu Geceler
I agree
LOL! He is so cute when he begs
Awwww so happy for you taetae!!
Hope you had an amazing time!
expected. Enjoy it.
Very welcome
The ebook is FREE btw
Guys, my friend needs at least 10 responses for class, help her out!
thank you
I'm so happy for you love
YEAAAAH YOU WENT TO THE EXPO
I'm happy for you I love you
It's sooo good.. the salty deep fried flavor with a cold sweet banana
nice to see you - I hope you loved it
"You cannot buy happiness but youncan buy Donuts and that's basically the same thing."
.
.
.
.
.
my future boyfriend/hubby & followed with a movie.
Since when you are an army ?
Precious otp!
It was a great night out
LOL you're so silly
Handicap parking ohh so excited. Not
Thank you for the advice
BABY ANGEL so glad you enjoyed the exhibition love you so so much
7 seconds of time
Meee ...its a great show
Thank you
She is un beau chat
goodmorning
my dreams come true
You look so happy!
I'm happy for you! Glad that you got to see it
This my love is sweet , ofada rice
No problem
I'm so happy for you Tae
Football is life to a lot of people
made it! it amazing!
its for next week :) its a preview
My kid picks up on the feaus I do on the daily & he likes to help me. doing something right
You will never be a caged beast Nancy.
Maybe you should google
I know this thing. He even got me a birthday gift.
Yes but they can all have a long rest first.
im happy when you are happy
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Good morning Monday!
This illustration by Xi Zhang has all the whimsy i need this Love the detail!
Janella at the Marco Polo Hotel event last night!
So well deserved you and were brilliant
Iyi olsun Geceler
Yeah it was so close but Pats won
If I tell you I wanna hang or I have other plans with different people, DO NOT act mf petty and post about me and not me
Bring me a hat back please
Thank you
I'm so happy for you Love you
Single until someone shows me serious about wanting to fwm
Your garden looks lovely
Yes ! and happy for you
Su ojito derecho.
Cookley is looking forward to seeing you
You should come to Pittsburgh and visit the Andy Warhol Museum
Your so gorgeous Monique!! Happy Sunday! Would be amazing to get a follow back
I'm so happy you got to see this! Also I'm learning about this artist from you Tae, thank!
This is what Sunday nights are for
The Night Manager is Le novel originally. you can read it too and then compare.
I choosed a beautiful one
Majbori hoti hai hobby nahi ...becharay ghar men Chotay ki tarhan use hotay hen
Just saw that new episodes of The Seven Deadly Sins on Netflix. I know what doing today
that wasnt me that was my tsundere me now you know my true feelings
Basquiat.. ohhh Taehyung i remember u were into his work time ago..
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Mksh lho Oronamin C nya Om
I'm happy because of your happiness
SM Seaside PlayGround
This is marvellous
YOU DONT HAFTA DO THAAAAT
Awww, look at those little faces Wish I was there, could've took me out to Church Street
You always look great you have a great shape and clearly look after yourself. You are a great
Change up from my roses.
hope I meet some nice people in my new job, had the shittest luck with shitty people
I'm really proud of you Thank you for everything
Heyaa I saw the you likes my cute comments to someone so I had to come check you out you seem
Hi Molly! Welcome to Twitter! We have followed you. Have you met yet?
It's a very good film
not seen poldark yet my mum loves it though does the vicar like feet then
Ik you was talking about me!
Thank you for coming and sharing your music with UConn! You are an inspiration
I think I do, too ^_^ I sure about it at first, but it grew on me
He really appreciates art
Be yourself and get to know them make sure you rush and feel pressured I hope you find someone xx
My community day catches on Go.
P A T R I O T S winnnnn THEY so Consistent that's why their mi favorite team
Yep! There's NO turning back!!! Under contract for life
True, and we all need a little sillyness in our lives
CONGRATULATIONS
They are just too cool. Look at Darth Vader
bring you some tomorrow
Well I think an awesome idea
You made my night
Good night I have to sleep nowThank you and i love you
So happy that ur dream come true my love...! Like these ur all dreams come true..! Saranghaeyo..! I
Yes it is heart shaped
Dankje, thanks I will.
freezing outside and windy but sunny, and I am living for it
Found a tweet says he works in York city centre . So that narrow it down as it's not
Omo! Congrats oppa!
everything is possible Taehyung! glad to see you making things possible! fighting! i you!
as we welcomed Kyle & to speak to our Kyle
wait
Week 42 in Glitter personal
.
.
.
.
My Sunday
New detergent, fabric softer and scent booster always makes me happy
Lots of natural hair groups in London. She'll be fine Ask her to get in touch when she's settled.
Thanks bub but i think they're just my daily mood swings
Bonne nuit
But you can still tweet or chat me for some talks! Will be glad to talk with you!
Yes! be my first
Oh, nice. Thank you!
k hamare c0llege mai v0te casting h0e... And rush bhee tha Aaj Army nd police ka...
Okayyyy it looks like its going to be a good show. We shall see
Ayyyy nice I was trying to get this like a year ago but then I gave up because I suck hahA. Still love playing him though
I want to save these for the next year
Visit our Facebook page to find more about us:
Sarah hope u get well soon and sweat it, like I said we are not going anywhere
Excellent advice, thank you
happy birthday
I always get what I want
A new day, a new perspective. I think the new look is growing on me I think...
Yes V! Dreams do come true. Go where your heart tells to hv fun!
Exactly! If you win, what would you do with your ABclonal antibodies? We'd love to know about your work
aww thank you
why r u so cool aww thanks, hun! You are too! it means the world to me
YESS if you are happy I am happy
You should get paid for what doing for the community. Thanks for being so prompt to send out alerts!
When successfully got BTS concert ticket through the online war:
Btw, I'm happy for you Tae!
Looks yummy, well done everyone
just sent you an email about an author interview. If willing is
Hi! Thanks...
Just sanding through lots of grits and Carnauba wax
Hope everyone has a wonderful Sunday and week!
God bless and safe travels as always.
Me too!
Oh wow. That is a nice surprise. I didn't know she was going to do that
AU's , thanks for giving me the permission!
I hope you like it, despite it's just a little scene.
Congrats on your boy May god bless you with everything you need to be a wonderful mom. got this
Aw thank you so much for the kind words, Dj!
Yeah there's something to it
Show them say talent or no talk, y3 blow
Next time come !
Great day pitching for Austin striking out 4 in 2 innings (3 up 3 down in the first inning) and picking off
It's about that time for me some lay or maybe not I got to be ready
Detsamma
going out to eat with my mommy.
Shame. The weather was
A long way off my best, but had a good trot around the course
Aww taetae I'm so happy for you You look so cute aksbsks
//blushes violently. Thank you!! I was drifting away, drawing less and less, full time job is not
i hate you just so you know i did really good today
sevindim Madonna
who's you
Yes!!! Just 4 more wins, and we can watch Mookie and the gang dance all night! Go my
as browns fans we get the luxury of extra football
I think is cool how we all wanna be in bed at 10:00
Thanks
One back from camping/shooting competition, the other back from Berlin the early hours of tomorrow night
Starr Andrews is Shuri in rhinestones! It's awesome.
Delighted to have had & at in Bilbao accompanying &
Exactly! Great program all around. Best of luck
Dominik biz
Me u
Same
Since I post much about me. We can give this a go and you guys can learn more about me
Buenas tardes
Glued to my seat..
Fighting!
Have you got the app Fanfic Pocket ? It supports AO3 and it syncs all your saved fic from there to the app
where are the music bank extras? I'm still editing them
I am such a sucker for cute stationary stuff.
i just got a be busy today but have a good text and let me tell ya how good that makes me feel
Well, I thought of diminsh.
know that one, will have to look out for it
Support you.
welcome darling
Thanks!
None of the above - here to lurk and see what awesome writing content you post
Y'all did it again! Four in a row! I am SO proud of y'all... especially you! Love ya!
Love these colours. Black to match my wardrobe.
Saturday w
Thankyo for letting me take a selfie for my daughter one of your biggest fans
Have some lemon and honey in warm water. And Vitamic C tablets.
Una estoneta a La Bisbal
You don't have to. We know yall want that.
You did an amazing job. Wish you could be on every week
lovely
listo! mi user es onlyhoseok
These last few weeks have been great
If has to leave at least Ian and Mickey get to be in prison together
Game on!! Bring it lol
Beautiful!
LIVE>>>LIVE>>>LIVE>>>>LIVE!!!Speaking softly like thunder --boB
I consider her a friend so I hope mutual
I'll root for u instead of the Eagles similar record
Super chilled Sunday. Happy girl
Thank you so much, my friend!!
If you think hot, you should see my man
enJOY your
monbebe let's vote for monsta x on starple for AAA Let's make it over top 10
Yeah it recently went up on Netflix
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness
Hope you feel better and get some chill time
I thought the Choreography in Woman Like Me was really good? Maybe I'm wrong but I really enjoyed it
It looks so pretty.
Thank you. This selfie was taken by Alina i loved it i
Thanks, Melinda. Looking forward to a rest now.
The people who wanna date me... I wanna have a chat with y'all and with those who wanna kill me too if you're
Good morning! A little dose of sunshine to make this little flower bloom!
Task achieved Bournemouth
Old enough to know who they were
take that as an enormous compliment Ste
I'm not okay, but I smile anyway
can we also go for one week demonstration we are our brothers' keepers
Thank You Sean
Oh, voting... so is his new wife...
food and Erin? sure she enjoyed it.
Ditto, my son and daughter are too
Well if it makes someone happy worth sharing a pic
Scratch that. Chase is now second.
Thanks for the heads up
Thank you
i wait to see my baby
Productive day
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness
You are so precious, I'm so happy for you I truly love you and I hope you stay happy forever
Absolutely. I try my best to get the word out as much as I can. hope you
XD pretty sure I don't give a fuck lol and doing better
Oh wow!! so cool!
Laban!
Like
Sub
Comment done
do the same! :))
Sell out day at Haigh Country Park by .
Grateful for your support. See you in November.
Imagine needing 1 kill to win and losing yes I was using armour, using the worst sniper ever
Bonsoir petite bolide.
Back to Columbus I go, Atlanta here I come!
Hope you continue on your road to recovery - get well soon
sooo pretty
Quite right, I try not be obsessed anymore. Thankfully im working as part-time somewhere in Uni campus
I will steal it. With your permission...
This is awesome! That's super kind of you to draw this up! Thank you so much
Looking forward to discussing with you!
Heres one
welcome
So pleased for Kimi
5 yrs.
I been feteing hard all year... I wonder what Soca Santa bringing me for christmas
Love the little doggie!!!
where do I sign up to be your friend?
Thank you I take melatonin to help me sleep, and try to take naps when I can!
oh yes mam Judy, I'm having a time with this one but I know I know the answer. What a Beautiful Day enjoy.
meet halfway and go to one
Aw thanks
He is an annoying idiot
I said what I wanted to. You can interpret it based on your interests and intelligence
welcome
You seem like the right person for the job due to your Brisbane paintings! Meant to be.
I graduated
Shiny Metagross 100%
sounds healthy too
Would look awesome on my wrist
I'm so happy for you
Yay! wait to watch
Thank You Bob! You too!
goes to
Goodmorning
Thank you
Such a busy weekend - looking forward to slumping on the sofa and watching the game
Bit what this is about
I'm happy when you guys are happy
Yeah I know you just need to take a break from social media sometimes and yes I can tell you that it's good being away
I blame the parents!
I bet they can manage to do worse
Im glad that your dreams have come true
SO GOOD to hug you in person
Thank you, that's wonderful to hear. If you'd like to leave us a review, click here:
Thanks sweetie, hoping to shake it off soon.
We are up to 2500 signatures the trolls and bots are onto it but I will just call it and block
You're right they have some gorgeous ideas don't they
Are you traveling to Sydney? Take the Sydney Opera House Tour!!! Follow this link:
aaa thanks and that's wonderful happy birthday to you too~
loves Halloween too
Happy Birthday Hanbin~ah
See you very soon
Hexes can backfire.
Nobody. Thank you
I'll go to bed sooner if this is the case
Thank you so much
Thank you
Jonas (2009) - Stills & Screen Captures uploaded. View everything here:
Come to SYDNEY and cruise the Sydney Harbour!!! Click this link for more photos
ur comin tweeps will giv us answers buh for now lets jus pray for u n u gona b fine In shaa Allah ....
play even harder
It is. my favourite season
Thank you.
Living beyond your feelings by Joyce Meyer.
I will!
Birthday week so I have to
It was our pleasure
Ha Yeah.
Right back at ya!
After the Guardian read
anyway. fuck these niggas im ready for Friday
mike is the sweetest person ever
It was genuinely not intended, only realised when I clicked send
This makes me
2 of our contributing enormously today
Further highlighting the we
Good Morning
Thanks for joining me on Shiny check session , hope you all got your Shiny please , niantic
So it's Switzerland! Dream destination. Sshhh....
My initial thought. But then I said her dress, her choice. I stress over a celebrity.
Kimi: "Kids were probably falling asleep during the race, but wife was probably watching"
Ah! Sorry haha good luck!!! no news about the next stop of redmare, so
You're both hero's still a bitter pill to swallow, conceding like that right at the end but not
Thank you Just started to figure this out. Work in progress.
I enjoy verbal information
Two can play this game
All my marketing studies are flopping
That's true
A house that falling down.
Aww, thank you, Rachel! It's been fun
Amazing Chrissie thank you
Lol ok I knew what you meant
Kindness and nurturing will save the world
My Aneesa hehe
Best relationship is when you both can make Eachother laugh and never a dual moment
I'm happy that you are happy
Chillin on a Sunday watching hocus pocus and bout to order take out
the pictures are so cute
Be your own hero ... Let others go to hell
Watch It!
Obviously, whats anything without temptation!
PowerLedger $POWR price: $0.182559
We checked! Binance registration is currently open
how are you?
My phone does crazy stuff like that so I knew what you meant.
You all are too kind.
When that long hair got him tight
Keep ticklin me chin, Mummy, me will tell yoo when to stop
I've started pouring my spare resin into cake moulds to reduce waste. They'd make good paperweights!
Good morning
Hi handsome! Good to see you are enjoying your time.
3 years in december
Nice!
OMG Insta story is the cutest Cuddles!
62nd out of 360,wasn't expecting that
My birthday gift, from me to you, on my birthday lo all I ask is that you share it FREE
yep, American Football
check out that's 'my' team here
plus one of the hosts on TV
& CONGRATULATIONS TO U BOTH!
there's noone else who deserves this more than u two
Yeah no probs Do I get 10 free tins for it ?
hey!! an emote artist looking for work feel free to DM me
Thank you
I attended the teen awards 7 years ago and now I feel really old
Happy Birthday
After loss they need to still and garagefishtown and what
Thank you gents
please recommend songs for the AU
But thnx Your tweet made my day even more beautifull
Congratulations how lovely
Happy Monday, start your day with a
Thank you
.
Starting them young!!!
at Walmart Distribution Center
Stunning as ever
Thank you very much I appreciate it
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Your selection of GIFs are A+ haha hope all go smoothly!
I'm merely making a historical observation
Back at the hotel room: well fed, glass of chilled, white poured and relaxing. Lake District tomorrow...
helping
Very well - brilliant to see work to the fore
Im so happy to see you so happy glad you could visit :)
Really looking forward to next Saturday
Thanks for the help! I'll get the hang of Twitter soon I hope!
Yay! Yorkshire buzz continues.. its great, it was my first marathon and I loved it Good luck!
Hahaha! Yes! Perfect. Thanks Craig
So very much wish I could hear for this!
This schedule!
I love these sliced, on a beautiful buttered traditional bread with a pinch of salt on top.... It takes me to my childhood
Rencontre inattendu un mec comme au top merci
Sister making this banana pudding for me
So started a blog and just posted my first one .. if you have any spare time please give it a read
Let me know when you're going next
|| sorry I got stupid drunk and spent my Sunday hungover as balls! I will respond to the RP in DMs when I am home
And she is a BEAUTIFUL black woman, thanks for the compliment
Fuck with local babes at
british porn streaming lesbos freckles party
Enjoying a jog around the lake this morning thinking much to be discussed in our Parliament today
Stellar $XLM price: $0.241852
Binance registration is now OPEN for limited time!
.@NKOTB postou no instaStory !!!
Thank you, Bloxorz! It's been splendid.
You welcome
Oh yes yes.
Sweet
Dear young people, invest your time wisely .. Achieve so much you will forget your real age
Twisted tea tho...... makes me happy
Disagree, thought he was shite and shouty, but hey, all about opinions
This might be funny but ....I legit look like the one on the left 6/7 days a week
Thank you
From the research done, yes it is! The ACURE night serum is 100% vegan and cruelty free as well
I have this album
.@NKOTB postou no instaStory !!!
Ucchy San about Taiwan and the last Morning Glory In the translated Diary. Thank you to our new
Yg = heartless stupid big fat liar mf
Thank you. xx
Maybe running some errands for a family member or friend
Hi! Should we have received a confirmation email if the application went through successfully?
Day 2 of work was tolerable. a dumbass but clever enough to last for awhile the key is to smile fake it til I make it
That's one of the qualities we love about him
And now my Liver Bird impression
It feels like I've just discovered my voice for the first time. Feels great. I'll tell you more about it in a bit.
Yes, even if Vettel wins next Sunday, Lewis can finish 7th and win the title
Yeah middle names would be good , thank you
Yay to afterparty I can barely remember the TIMTTMY 98 tour. Would dearly love to see
He was fab and Calum Best too And yes , such a fab day for a wonderful Charity x.
should pay me to do your quizzes igotchuuu.
Oh no, not me. My part in it is small and easy.
My name is Aleksandra (call me Angel ) and I am writing something like urban fantasy with some historical threads
lem
Thanks very much, it was my friend who saw it first, a nice surprise
Enjoy! Can't wait to hear all about it!
Lol . She say she is talking too much , hope you have sha received alert
Thanks
That's what I usually get.
ok i lied, but my mom thinks handsome and what count.
Hola , i miss you , this wkithout you is not the same , get online !
how badass am i going to look for my halloween party on saturday
I thought tax cut was for the rich?! I am sure as smart as you are making money, you have done well
Thanks, too kind!
missing the Ding already too
Thank you so much for attending! Happy to hear you enjoyed it
The world needs more of this
Tae loves art so much
Take care of your skin guys
Nje lekure e paster makes panties wet
Just a friendly advice
Took a break from all my skin care products except for the aloe vera gel
Beautiful photo!
Good morning
furniture shopping when off
Whatever scrub i just used on my lips has them so soft
Thanks
Awww thanks! just a supportive fan I really loved the
Well said! I agree with you! Happy Sunday evening Mack
I'm so happy that my sister taking trips and safe
I have friends moving to Seattle
Catanzaro has always had a big leg. Nice kick. help the Lions since in our conference but it helps my weekly picks
Lovely
Gracias
Red definitely
I'm not a hamilton fan but 100% agree with you as an f1 fan
This would be lovely
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
You too, Ryan! Keep doing what doing... an inspiration to so many people, myself included
Merci Paris
Great to hear all went to plan Mike and a bonus with the beautiful weather!
Thank you
You can never beat the greeting you get from a faithful 4 legged friend when you return home
Gelcen mi ?
3,800 maybe
If I keep this s**t up, Darren English will be in trouble this time next year.
Blessing your timeline with pictures of my babyyyy welcome
Lots of scritches for me! (And I got lots of kisses too, and mommy shared her meals with me she had quality
That part of technical progress is wonderful!
I'm waiting of teleport invention
Tu est previlegier rokhaya !
this is some newer clips
Turning off your Monday morning alarm...........yeah that
Hubby used to do that for me too
Sunday is a good day for lingerie
Have so much fun. my view! But secretly watching to see if I see your beautiful face
Yes na.. You will sponsor us..
i love the fuller look of his quills
We forget how lovely the UK is we. I will post away, worry
The lovely has shared our great little group
Thank you
Um moleque sonhador.
Hope someone count them.
Congrats Tae I'm so happy for you
From Meru With pose
thanks! I think I never studied so much before in just one week, but lately it's really fun.
Much appreciated, Simon!
It is done.
de voir de
thanks Helier Have a great evening.
Also, this is just one of many reasons I love being a sub
Just a few things I have recieved recently . some items are review items and the perfume and where
God bless the sweet family
Thank you so much bbg I appreciate it
Great
Looks like you had perfect weather for it! Some great shots there
Glad to see you back!
Come back! Next couple weekends goin
Estoy tan feliz por ti!!!
Amazing! I treasure little gifts from clients like this. Very special
back to the divide rts into likes, how does it work ? So if your original post was 5000 retweets, split
I can tell that big sis is happy that there's a Chic-Fil-A app
Are you in a relationship? I like to be your babe I'm in a relationship
Hoy es un gran
All I can say is I probably would be too
Oi bro Man Utd vs Juve is gonna go off this week!
Thank you, Jennifer.
flattered.
Wow that's already a lot! How was it to do?
Aah thank you so much Glad it arrived safe and sound thanks for the purchase!!
From one artist to another, you have some mad skills!!!
Thanks Mo
Te
Thank you & Happy Bday to my forever desk buddy
Thank you for supporting us
Happy Birthday Cider! I'll have your present done by Halloween!
One of my favorites
How cool XX enjoy every minute
Just ask them
Merci!
Always strive to be a better person every day, and leave the negative people behind
I do Instagram. But if I did, definitely follow.
Thanks very much! I love my playgrounds
Its okay pat youre 99 percent right 1 percent wrong just makes you human
Hola , i miss you , this without you is not the same , get online !
Good Tokens with reward , would like to have more
Merci!
Yay new friends!! You are so welcome duder
Molly marches on!
Damn, I sure hope there is more to life than Twitter.
Estou calma.
Ah Holly stop talking sense
Don't
LOOOL mate people beg me to work for them so have no problem finding another manager
Thanks it was a pleasure chatting with you after your scaring hot lap with
First at all times
He is the best captain in India cricket even world's best...
Thank you
Great tip Jamie
So positive for the workplace!
There are labs everywhere go and get tested THANK YOU
Thank you. I love mountains and there will be photos...
No shave November
6 maxed Meteor Mash they look so nice
lets do this
Max whipping is me also I have watched Trade hearts music video two or 3 times already amazing
Yay if you have any other recs let me know!
Thank You
You too Kath
Woot woot
I think I know where you are going with that one.
My favourite restaurant The Folly Restaurant
Buenas noches
Best album = Time.
Fave song = Hold On Tight
The happiest
MARIAROSARIA
Lists of things you love are the best lists
Thank you, Joan!
Good luck tomorrow.
Thank you
Rap monster
Wow sunflower seed milk now that sounds interesting! Do you deliver to Archway/Crouch End? N19?
My best friend God knows how much I love her
It was good seeing for a little
You're welcome
Thank you Jenna!!
I believe it is more about how MUCH you can get from a single book
This is awesome. Glad you all had a good time
For sure hit me up whenever you know what you want!
How about my son teaching you guys how to do this celebration mood
Compared to last night on the same route, is a whole lot quieter and in a 100% better mood.
Awesome! And thanks.
I'll be there!
Hmmmm that's a song just guess
Layla trying make up out for Halloween.
I thought so too, until they forced me to love pizza .
Awesome start to page man
Well having fun anyways
Do you never want a partner
yes he is !!!
Thx U Dear Sista Felicia and U are Blessing!
Go out in a group walk. It'll make you feel much safer.
[TWITTER] 181021
Le style du saut de WooSung
_____
Cr : TheRose_0803
cute :
- sm:)e
- good vibes only
- find me in paradise
- we all start as strangers
We can hope dear!!! We can hope.
Perfect
ours is on Tuesday
Thank you!!
Get delicious vegetarian ingredients delivered straight to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh
Oh ok
Thank you.
I'm a dog person
Thank you
Simple pleasures
Only if we get rid of certain
Thank YOU
Remind you of some people neh?
Perfect! Thank you
thank you, I love YOUUUU
t'es trop chou
Anche a te
Good morning
Have a great day
Love and still laugh about this
I know!
Well you are welcome.. I will take as payment
i will
wait for a special occasion...
Make today special!
It was so interesting, had me hooked straight away
SID in training
Strangely one hear of a new creature being excited
Many thanks for the swift reply
Mines when she uses her bum as a flame thrower, with all that yogurt she has an endless supply
Please get your face out there ! Nobody knows who you are I stand the thought of a liberal
geceler
Gracias
Luckily I remembered to pack them in time and not only when already being at the airport!
You welcome
Miss you when your not around
DJ Brooke Evers made some waves on Gronk's Party Ship (14 Photos)
she is very cute <3
Hi please follow me so I can DM you!
I said a prayer.... All will be well by God's grace
I'm watching
And my 49ERS started off bad already ughh let's see how it goes
Quite clever
Awe.
Couple of cuties!
Congratulations! Looking forward to reading them.
How was the run?
NICE WAR WITH YOU GUYS 10V10'S ARE TOO OP GL FOR YOUR UPCOMING WARS
Good Evening!
Hope you're having a great day!
Merci
Lol thank you
post clubs boards again please and ty
Tack!
I gotta stay on your good side. When I pass I'll need help to go upstairs instead of the express elevator down!!
Having fun while studying is the best
take good care of our man
Olympian Mattie Rogers helplessly watches her bar crash through a glass window (Video)
You too
I needed that lil time with my ppl nem
I see you took some light reading with you
Well if you're gonna share one I will too I took this today
Malapit na ang november and december.
Awwwww. A kind soul from the start!
I first joined twitter to be a snarky troll judging the 7
Gracias Ale...Vuelve pronto a gozar con nosotros Repost with get_repost
CONFIRMADO,
be your temporary guardian, if you want.
I'm so happy for you, tae
Anytime dear
No thank you
Thank you!!
I hope everybody is enjoying their Sunday. ((hug))
FYI: Were sending invites out for our gender reveal by the end of this month please let me know if you would like to attend
welcome!
Why 24th
I don't like it when people are hiding stuff from me
Idc what is it about just tell me .....
That is all
Yeah, completely understandable! Always here if you need a chat!
Lovely of you to make such an effort. Hope it's reunited with its owner soon
So sad hahahahaha I think I could live without SF but each to their own
good.... I paid for mine
bruno pero por douglas
Okay so i think i just might be in love with and her family. You guys are adorable! Keep doing what you're doing
ben
5 ft 2 inchs?!
No miss it atall, I just spend every second on here
Have a look on
Thank you
19,1 kid, no tattoos 1 piercing and a Capricorn
So proud!!! Congratulations
love being able to cuss in 3 languages and im learning 2 more
Pour le coup t'as vraiment une amie super!
Awesome.
Your scene with him and the two others for BluePillMen is one of my faves from you
I know what I am and I want to see if you get it right
My Yorkshire puddings are going to be legendary tonight you watch
2 weeks till I see this little munchkin again! It's been too long!
LOL thank you so are you
movies tomorrow
Hmmm expectations we have on someone close taught me the best life lessons
Well done kimi, you have made my day, brilliant
I see you
"So What"
they were so good!
Seeing the busy streets of Cagayan de Oro City~
Back to reality
How about a heart cookie from McDonald's? They raise money for charity too, They are so yummy (with coffee.)
Free elderberry elixir today!!! Just pay shipping
3 years being with you is really unexpected. thank you for being such a good person
Sounds just perfect.
Yellow Hellow
You are so very welcome!
The fact that whistling it afterwards is the best compliment
Okayyy
Thank you to everyone who came out to our home opener! What a night.
Tana Boshoff is beach body ready (27 Photos)
discovered it recently too
Hi, it's me.
Leaving my grandmothers soon. Stream will be live tonight
OMG!!! Thank u! Love you Handy and I Love Roman with that sexy tshirt (and without it )
Ok oht
Thanks for the support, Hillary!
oh no! I know you were not. no worries
Most of those people on your TL are shatta fans like you naaa so ebi normal thing for there .
Same here!! Happy watching!!
Really mean it!
Baby had food ordered and delivered when I got here. happy
Am loving the fact that the Round the Twist theme tune is back in my head after all these years!
Thank you
This is the season for bettering myself
Ran my first game with six players today.
It was fun if hectic
Introducing the new P.C lead to an eye poking
My favorite part about cold weather is being able to wear all these soft pajama pants makes me happy lol
I did like his cos I eat line though!
Cuidate
Busy working all weekend Looking forward to a fun week ahead teaching the kiddies
.
.
.
None at all! Only detoxing your skin can make them appear smaller
Quisiera el de RJ o Cooky.
thank you
Daaaaw, I always forget people actually have these
Watch a movie at a specific time and snark/comment with whoever wants to participate.
Goodmorning
Aw thank you
For me , Thank you
Thank you
How can I forget?
Facts I named her bear in the big blue house
Thanks andrew!
Yasss!!!
No one in my useless life worth it
Thanks duelly
Beautiful photo Wayne, she's adorable
I want a monkey
Found a suitable gift for you
Gosh they are God given.. There is nothing y'all can do about it
I can't define how proud I am of you. Love you B.
Oi
I love this song
Color me shocked that KBW misses the point.
Thank you so much for coming. It was lovely to see you
Added some colour today
What she said. And also ridiculous.
...
Me too! His facial expressions seemed that he was really interested!!!
Oh wow!!
Thanks! Looking forward to exploring this realm. Still a bit of a mystery to me.
You know almost as amazing as Helping your neighbors to register to
I'm glad you enjoy it. And worry not, I'm also pissed off with their attitude
Ch - le - St.
Hi allie happy Sunday babe u look fantastic a have just cooked a and pizza hope u having
Welcome aboard!
I know someone who would be quite proud Thanks guys for being such a fantastic team and doing such a fantastic
Day 20
Jungkook sleeping!
He's a cute baby
I am actually looking forward to this day My children will be very much informed
We always have a great time
My favorite part of pumpkin carving.
Thank you Jacqui. It was an amazing and unexpected sight.
Omg how was it? Didn't you love it? I'm glad you got an exciting game!
Thanks love
She is ready for
Pahabol
I know (especially as we've already had this conversation), but it's a play on the spelling again
I really enjoyed it tonight
Thank you for following me me. I truly appreciate that
Thank you
Oh awesome, someone else sick of LaRouche Conspiracies Damaging Movement - The Deplorable Housewives of
Con Ailin y Bastian
Quisiera el de Cooky. Muchas gracias por la oportunidad.
+ burn the stage the movie on nov 15 yeey!! its evening there right? Rest well guys go to sleep now borahae -L
You forgot the
Thanks Barbara. been a great day so far. Hope yours if going great also.
Ah, ok. Yeah, that makes sense. I at least know *that* much about the show.
I will. Thank you
Aye me anaw
Thanks Cheyenne!! I think gonna lay in bed and watch Drake & Josh the rest of the day
I'm so happy for you!!
You almost got me.
That's the very one.
You're one of the few who shines bright Happy Birthday
Hope u like it
Thank you!
Congrats man, for getting your dream girl :) Not everyone is this fortunate :) Always keep her happy
Mr. Misinformation ? You are so Polite Brian
So lovely seeing the photos - thank you
Still a little bit tipsy at work
Welcome back, how's your night going? Thanks! Not too bad thank you. You?!
Now available on
Supposed to be heading out to the in like 15 min & still in my bonnet & PJs
I appreciate people that donate their cute clothes to thrift stores for people like me to buy them
awesome!! Love it, and the pic too
Thanks !!! No one does it better
Good Evening!
Hope you're having a great day!
People talk so much shit when they KNOW YOURE NOT A HOME Drink some water & mind ya damn business
yeah you would look like a clown
welcome.
Yeah we were also at school school
YES! Thanks too you learning that over in my 30s so THANK YOU
Having a good time a few weeks ago
ThanQ dear
Ameen ya rb
Yes, she seems more trusting everyday There is a understood routine now it feels she is about to change that
Good evening
A short video of from today which shows the inside, we hope you like as much as our client
Real life emoji
Johnny bravo I mean, such a hunk.
Get delicious vegetarian ingredients delivered straight to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh
I want an Apple Watch
I love Mondays
It would be nice to see more natural beauty. You ladies are naturally beautiful, let's see that a but
Thank you
I know what a parent wants, I am one. Anyway, enough with this rubbish. Have a good evening. Enjoy your show!
I used the guest list from you, no problems with it thanks again! The lines have been so crazy
Tapper.
I love your ponytail - tells me how hard you worked out every time.
PRETTY!!!!
SEEING THE PROGRESSION TO THIS WAS FUN I really like the colors here!!
Seeing My Loved Ones Happy
got an Apple computer and camera for editing my pictures and stuff
Not to worry mate
If we can't sign Kovacic permanently then we should re-sign Oscar. Imagine him in Sarri-ball
If you have a minute.... I'm August 18
Speaking for myself, I can deal with awkwardness. Awkwardness is
Live life whit Peale who like
i know you were a Dodgers fan.
DM us your address and drop one off to you
Awww thank you
Thank you
Np X3 and hope you have the best of day
You were just quick and smart enough to delete all traces
Thank you
Ohhh agree agree
Yes kidney bean, light kidney beans, dark kidney beans and V-8 tomato juice
Nice
run into like you always do, just please please please come away from camera and talk to me
Importante!
Yokasta Diaz: "Gracias Ale...Vuelve pronto a gozar con nosotros Repost alessandraville with get_repost
yay
I'm glad you guys finally made up
Love them ALMOST as much as I loved you & Karen
say it once and it again thank you for being the most mature (best) YouTube football
I know that if ever having a bad Sunday, the Browns are doing worse. Thus, I can smile
Wooow! Thank you po Godbless you
Here is our pumpkins
May you never outgrow bubbles
Yes I could not be any happier always wanted a IRL sister and Zelda is perfect
absolutely right about that! We all have choices, and I choose to do better everyday!
When the pieces fall in place
me: say no more, sir! pleasure to meet you *reaches hand out*
Thanks girly
Good morning Bad Ideas for the Weekend (100 Photos)
These are cozy questions. I think I want to answer them. 1 like, 2 answers.
really triggered Dane by backing up what I say. Knowledge owns again.
Thank you! I am a proud back of the pack runner
A very talented person I'm happy to have met thru Twitter.
Hawn Jee..
Oh Mimi!!!! Sweet dreams!
If I'm into you....it's you and you alone.so it should also be me and me alone
Sparks Fly
You look so happy TaeTae We love it to see you happy! Thank you for sharing your passion with us
?? The In aerosols affect the ozone layer Popeye. a little confused
Nne
Lol praying for your down fall but welcome
Sounds good to me! Thank you
preso oggi pomeriggio
Good morning
Ooh! I wish I could, but I've been sworn to secrecy on this one. I'll tell just as soon as I'm able, though! I promise!
y'all are making fun of our financial struggles? Issokay!
Write out that check please
way too classy for that
Just makes us crave that pineapple when gone! Be good to yourself
Knightro and I at my orientation (2013)! now a very proud UCF Alumnus
Ahhh lovely! I hope you do it again this year
Yes po,
Thank you Miz
You are next sir, 40 has never been closer
Ima tryin
Looks great! Reminds me of 2015 a bit
thank you, the best!
Aww bless that's nice! Am glad thar u had a good day
Xxxx
he's tired but still managed to give me lsm he's so sweet
I was just down there earlier today in Galveston
En mi Instagram secundario estoy subiendo todos mis
0% chance go with me but why not
Good luck!!
Thank you for returning power to my home so quickly
Thank you so much
Requesting a follow
Yay They Are Reunited And Sure It Feels So Good
You're more than welcome
Your very welcome!
Lol, gotta look good and see good
I had triplets to do!!
goodnight female person sleep well
Small throwback to these drawings I made
Thank you for the quick chat and photo session Johnny Kahuku's Shrimphouse
Ah gods I stop blushing
But no, cause I see so many cute people like you
thank you
Via as coisas 17:17
.@NinaElleXoXo Nina It's Monday morning for me. Can I please get some Monday motivation from you??
I'm really happy you get to explore n enjoy your time n feed your artistic soul always a pleasure to be your
Great job Erin
If anyone would like to add me on discord here is my tag!
Cats are so lovely
Nice to have confirmation on something 2/3 of the country already knew !!
Job well done
I like to play video/board games, read books, play with my dogs and spend time with friends.
feeling really loved and appreciated rn
They are!
Ja i sad bi rado
You look very nice!
of course
Lil boo comes home Tuesday
it was great seeing you, even if only for a short bit
My hubby might be
Sorry Mick just found this. Love it
Sooo close...yet so far! Well done to the lucky postcodes
Thank, Bry. Enjoy yours
Since your Tumblr inspired me to start coming to SPN conventions, it was nice to meet you in person today!
what's the biggest LIE you ever told?
What kind of alcohol?
No problem mate its all good thank you xx
Happy birthday
I wish you a lovely day!
Hey you Keep up the good work
thanks for the follow we hope to see you Thursday
I'd rather read one of your books and let you do the storytelling.
So magical and sweet. Imagine finding one of these.
I don't need help moving thank you, just need to own less music so so have space to make more music
Thank you for this! And praying for you on your journey!
DsTV is showing Black Panther
Thanks it was very good
Thanks a lot!
Omg please do
of course
Mi final es ONA vs PAZ
Melts your heart don't he
This is absolutely hilarious. Thanks for the laugh!
My friend is starting a band and really good at guitar and now I get to join with her :) excited
Good Luck to all who will take their examinations God Bless
This was a great weekend, mentally, physically and most importantly financially
nice. Follow back?
Goodmorning
lovely meeting you again , so bloody down to earth love it x
I just ate enough cake and frosting in a cup to keep my brain thinking I'm in love for the next year or 2.
You made me smile!
Gaining my weight back etc from staying stress free
Eleanor was with Lottie at the X Factor.
Excelente domingo
thanks for the follow we hope to see you Thursday
Life in general sucks, thankfully nice people make it bearable <3
My cuffing season been going great so far good luck to you loners
Cloudy and cold weather here
I'm very lucky to have a lovely wife, great family and amazing friends. They all keep me going
My awkward little forced smile
I love love!! beautiful
This makes me happy
face time
Super idea! A great motivation for your students!
Happy Birthday Yuri
Wish u all the best
Thx Helena
then eat i... nvm
ok! Take your time! excited to read it!
my friend made this for me for my bday! thanks, krosebelie! btw, she does custom made ones.
Great photo! Thanks for sharing!
It's a awesome game. I wish ronaldo can make this in real game.
Always here for you
In the west.. U clean the house once a week or fortnight as there is little dust, u hv vacuum
That's good and if you need a helping hand ... Well yes us commoners
u too
I'll let you know when I have taken a listen.
aww ur too kind
It was a great event. Looking forward for the next year
27/07/28
Thanks Deb! You made many of these memories with me.. thank you for being such a good friend xx
That's a fabulous Sunday menu! Only thing I might add would be New York Cheesecake after dinner.
Fall of 2009. October, I think. was one of my very first follows.
be easy for me to get my tongue pierced now because I barely eat should I
You're possibly the only listener to have noticed!
Thunder or lightning But Happy Birthday
wait
Very nice artistic picture We touch only with the eyes
Happy birthday kasey hope a good one
**and NO... They aren't the blonds.
To brighten your day
via
Thank you
Thanks for coming and saying hi!
If wanna see get an L in 2k19 then go watch our latest video.... link in my bio
shooting web pose.
Congratulations to Asa Dunn (8Pl) and Alice Barratt (8LBr) for being the Gold Award winners for Week 7. Much deserved Well done!
Yeah I'm enjoying the game a lot this year tbh
Check list: , ahora rezo para y muchos
down 5.4 in a month. Still have a long way to go but I'm happy that I'm losing
look at my shorty
Yessir
Cant wait for this season of your journey, son.
Why so serious?
Yesss it's about time
Aww you're so cute Tae I hope you had a great time at the exhibition. I'm so glad and happy that you were able
My second session. Love it
I don't need someone with just a pretty face.. I need a pretty heart and soul.
Great list. Ro James - is also quite good.
Hit the nail on the head
Thank you!
The best part about the AirPods is being able to charge your phone and still listen to music
Mmm mmm Fish, chips & curry sauce
One more
And this one is a play on the Gospel / Hymns / Die Groot Doop / Etcetera etcetera
*Show hands*
Mornin' Di. Enjoy your Monday
Hola
So I saw a friend I met on Twitter today
Eyvallah Genco hep beraber
Miss u too,ty
YESSS!!!! wait
Standard
Foodhallen (food hall with amazingly good Instafoods) and a few cute boutique shops literally next door
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Thank you
Thank you
Hey sis
You are so cute! I love that you love art
You and me both.
Thank you Steve
GoodMorninggg!!
How was church?
Kendime feci benzettim
Smile anyway
all there in spirit, every time
I have issues .
who still remembers
Iyaz - replay
Sean Kingston - me love
Justin Bieber - BABY
Chris Brown - with you
I really love pussy
Thank you! They are tortoiseshell cats!!
doing very well! I hope you are well too! Always appreciate the support
Fornite
Shalom Antony
It's all good.
Nice.
Wild female used HIP SHAKE... It's super effective! (17 GIFs)
I wait to be at all of my sons basketball games glad I know the game well so I look stupid just
It helps replenish the soul in desperate times
So my blog on Scotney castle is now ready to view!
Never happening in this life.....
Was tweeting bare jokes
a 3D rose
Let's hope you're bringing up another Jeff Geisha
thanks for the follow we hope to see you all Thursday
Hazelcast is looking for a Production DevOps Engineer - Remote (US) at Hazelcast (allows remote)
Thanks Lee! I'll take a look. The flight to get to both doesn't seem to be very expensive in that period!
When I saw this photo nalipay kaayo ko that you have chosen this another journey. Will no longer call you Ate
Yess please do!
One baah at a time
Had a nice sunny sunday with started with a little shooting, chilled out, had some shots and
Facciamo tre
Night night Xx
So happy you are enjoying our Ville des Arts
Have fun TaeTae
suis sympa
on a
I used to love that program especially the clothes
Absolutely brilliant, simple
a visit to the excotic pet store today...as promised
To meet the name kh gave
Nativity 'Good
What a smile
Tyler, the only good thing from last night was you getting your wish. God be with you and your family.
Take care gianny! Wishing the best always
Thanks! I'll give this a go
I'm super hype for the civil war reaction!! will you post it soon? It's almost midnight where I'm
Glad to hear that.
The universe works in mysterious ways
You're welcome
Meiner
They baby gone be cute Asf
I will!
Payed for our Xmas getaway the boys trip up next
never done a readathon before and definitely something I want to do
thanks man
Thank you so much
thanks for the follow we hope to see you Thursday
Good morning Ashlee
I suspect that this ray opens a portal because if you aim at the point with the weapon then you hear strange noises
Yo bruva not south west but maybe Thirty3Hz in Guildford could be a shout? be happy to assist!
if yall think
i'm gonna ignore this / accept it you damn wrong
not with me honeybee
lol
Thanks mystery tweeter. The good time will be when I get my 80 hour paycheck for the week and treat myself lol
Yep, be sure to check out my pinned tweet. I only just got my essay published.
Great, thanks, we're looking forward to it too!
Mesh Dresses Might Be the Best Thing Ever
Gaps can help cure the Monday Blues (52 Photos)
That's so cute
New (1:1800)
DOOPER Bikini Trimmer for women,3IN1 Facial Hair Removal/Bikini razor/Foil
Bc I did my homework already I miss my family & close to home I party or work weekends so I go home
Thank you Roger for your kind words and support. Much appreciated.
not crying, I just got... nah crying. wonderful
Breakfast and in-depth conversations about baseball with my daddo.
Scorpio
This weekend Sarah cleared a drawer in her dresser for me. Oh official official
Cant wait to see my hubby will be excited. He LOVES horror
Good morning
Knocksink Wood just outside Enniskerry, lovely spot
i started the day being pissed off, then i got real happy real fast, and im ending it being sad and pissed at myself
It really is
Current $QTUM price: $4.31
We checked! Binance registration is currently open
Thanks, will inform him to try that out and see what happens.
Thank you Roger for your kind words and support. Much appreciated.
Anytime.
Yes! It was very nice getting to meet you as well! I look forward to seeing your pictures.
matching energy
Hi a friend that Is interested but somehow it let me DM you if you mind dm me?
Proud to say that we are one of the first online printing companies in The States.
Join up and get notified
finally catching up on the past four episodes of missed my besties, in my head.
Thank you very much Jennie xx
stop smiling
Oh good shout, thanks!
I was hungover you good girl
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory?
My dear certificate from and accreditation of my participation at the Festival
with
2/3/2
For 45 minutes!
3 comments for dommes and 2 comments for subs
He is Mine
calmed down so much, but still smack a bitch if I need to.
I usually get home about 12 from school but other than that, nothing
Ha...to bad I the bigger guy either
Bought new things for my room
Yus! do gliders next time to see how far can go!!
I agree with you and more sexy when he fix his tie.
Good morning
welcome to come over anytime
you have to ~understand~
you just have to
~respect~
I hope my bf gets sick so I can nag tf outta him
Indeed buddy
Thank you right back at you
this doesn't happen
very often!! I'm pretty good at it!!
Love Tennessee! If I left Virginia, that's where I'd live!
Awww Thank you Tesh!
Snow on the peaks
Klick on the heart !
Supervisor has just emailed me back to say I got it all right. Feeling chuffed
Yes. She is, an icon, a queen. I Stan
U welcome hunny
Stolen from
Thank you for being such an amazing friend You're awesome!
thanks for the follow we look forward to seeing you Thursday
El
She's from Scotland. You must make
Yes they are
Lavenza or Lav for short
not my real name. if you want to know you can ask me
Thank you I hope so too! Would love to be feeling some sort of normal again! xx
Enjoy YVR is my old stomping grd.
Flawless Beauty not only on the outside but the inside as well Personality speaks volume GOD's very Own
I really pushed myself today, so proud.
Yeah no problem keep ye up to date with how going
Wow yet another really powerful massive congratulations see you next week
Good morning
Thanks so much
Goodnight everyone
Today was a good day Brooklyn & New Haven for Tour here we come is the
Social media can be so toxic. Your XF musings though have been awesome. They brighten my day. Thank you!
When are we going to a game
Night, H. You too
Wish the best of luck!
I like this caption, but the video is cute
hot chocolate & cuddles would be nice
Let's go to a spa and it's on you.
Maybe this is why you've not called me
$YOYOW is currently worth: $0.031062
Binance is TEMPORARILY accepting new users! GO!
November 8th
Lau y Mai
A Wilkins hadnr heard of him before
How splendid
thanks for the follow we hope to see you Thursday
Trying to get this Final C O!! :work talk: because that would look real good before these holidays
Thanks Julie for tweeting the notes for us that couldn't make it! Much appreciated
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Good to be back
I have the BEST STUFF!
it took off three layers in our old house. give to your Mom.
This is fan art by Blinks we love the collab
time
monday again. good morning everyone! have a blissful day and wear that smile again!
I would like to join but Im signal boosting this for now! No need to enter me, just wanna spread the love this timw round
I'm here
Keep the faith and know that others are sending you positive vibes of strength!
See u..
R u planning on run through it ?
It's a bot. Pay it no mind.
Also... mute, block, and report
- New Phone
- Make Up
- Room Decoration
- Puppy or Kitten
- World Peace?
- Candles
- New phone cases
- Laptop
- Trendy Clothes
Hoy helado gratis para todos !!!
Congratulations!
$DASH Dash price: $155.39
Binance is the fastest growing crypto exchange in 2018! Join us!
Bought my calendar for 2019! Oops couldn't resist the diary!
So happy and proud of you both you both work so hard and are an awesome team
9 hrs. yiiieee thanks self!
Small words, so conservatives can understand.
I'll probably make a change
Good. thanks
Its such a beautiful cover, a book
Thanks Marci
Thank you
And saying us as in our American people. He has helped my family too.
Aww I understand but so glad it went well
Happy Birthday mas Hanbin stay happy and healthy
Elan - You Are an Inspiration
Great to See You Today
Thanks Amy!
Anyway this finals been the best seen for a while
is the best show on
It's been a while since I said hi! but hello again! I really like the new username you have It's
Deliciosa morra
Thankyou Emma it means a lot
Thank you! Ah just half of the distance that I did in Budapest, should be good. I usually
Will not jump into conclusions. Tulog uli.
Ca c claiir
You wouldn't get this from any other guy
Me everynight. Sleep tight
I just always thought you'd have better signal for some reason. I don't know why.
We where promised Leave or Stay Not But Khan You only Preach Sharia Law not DEMOCRACY!
I love your faith Chip. It must be so great to see and know. God truly blessed you.
Anyone who wants to defend brother nature come for me cause I got time today
This is the first memory of Doctor Who I have
I'm so glad there's a film based on this wonderful book.
Lovely
No problem stay safe
I did yes but the bit about the baby was helpful
Exactly my thought...
I think I needed this to sleep good tonight
So thank you Sweetie !!
E continua a dar!
I love how in tume conservatives are with each other
Ok. Have nice dreams!
Definitely means so much with that personal touch. So thoughtful!
Thanks for the Rt & + comments
Who can speak french? I need someone to talk to in french. Improving my french
Before I jet set!
finally had my next one designed! wait to get it done now
See? Legendary status kicking in already! 40, exquisite and wears a top hat to boot! How delightful!
Good afternoon Chad... beautiful fall day here in NC... sending your way.
awesome meeting you this weekend thank you so much xxx
Hi guys! How are you all doing?
Whatever it is, slow down it takes time just trust yourself
Critter Cam - Oct 2018 - Lake Guntersville State Park Campground - He's on the Fence
hey dude , i know u miss working with me
Buenas noches amig@s del Gusanito lector
Meet Lola, isn't she gorgeous? She thoroughly enjoyed her first holiday at Rosie's House
In case you're a new follower, here's my stan list
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
Congrats girl! I wanna see it
He really is
All I'm saying is you'd probably get RT'd more if you had a search link in your bio. And the ones w/o replies are the best
What a gorgeous day! Walked up to Fort Rosecrans to visit my old friend Bob Miss you friend RIP
is the best programme on
Comment Yes if you want this.
ORDER HERE:
Great for your family members
some country pointe retail is already open.
My pleasure buddy btw can I get a follow back?
I just want some flowers
I was there like three years ago, but honestly, I can't remember all the facts from the guided tour
Let's hope you're bringing up another Jeff Giesea
I think Vicky killed us for good tonight
God Bless You Joel! ... Keep on Shining!
Wow! Amazing
Looking good Liam
This is what was looking forward to the most
But let that stop you from being nice always .
glad
Yep, you can find my fb page shelkybean
Eh, someone's gotta tell the truth Hope you're okay? X
Great - thank you
I really need to take a short break. Thanks for the small talk
SO GOOD to hug you in person today!
Actually had the best night ever! The documentary was amazing It was amazing meeting the both of
Go back to watching love island
Looks fantastic Kirsten...... keep us posted!
I said what I said, like it? Scroll past
Well, I like her
snuggled up in my clean sheets and candles lit for the rest of the day
So happy my brothers finally coming home I be happier even prouder coming home as a
Hahahaha! Took me a second
Great birthday it was
The Headstart!!
I see you play horror games, that's so cool!
So I started making origami stuff... so far, safe to assume that found one of the most relaxing things ever
Scored at tokyoanimemarket with this Ryuunosuke bracelet it matches my out fit today
My new favorite hobby is going through social media and deleting people who matter to me anymore
i know why.. cause i am at PEACE i have to worry about getting irritated or being bothered at all
New vlog
Goodluck ms. president!!
Nice
lol, shap. 12:01 in the afternoon be there
thanks Emily for the follow we can't wait to work with you on Thursday
Hello, I hope you had a nice day!! Would you hold a GO for this?
seems like kenia
People who create their own drama, deserve their own karma
Goodnight Rob, sweet dreams
That wee voice
Thanks queen
Wish me luck
We're super excited to have you onboard David! We're sure the team will take amazing care of you on our Roo. Chloe
You are welcome miss Malhi. .
Voy a ver Turtles can fly
He's very interested in what he's looking at
No dear
Celebrating a small personal victory as a that's taken 10 years to achieve. Proud of us.
If it did, please remember what a good friend I've been to you down the years
Thank you so much!
Like this you do it very well
Ahhh I'm not but thankyou
Achete lui des CHARENTAISE.
Thank you!!!
Thank u
Hinata Uzumaki or Sakura Uchiha??
for
Favorite food and color?
Sounds lovely. Nothing like a nice break
Somebody told me I be wilding, is that true
Happy Birthday! God bless and enjoy your day
What a sweet sister! But you chosen what you like.
Night night wonderful friends, thank you for tucking us in we hope you and Raspberry both have
This tweet may be used by the defense for select* charges of public urination.
*no
Thank you
Puffy clouds,cool winds and lovely Songs of the Sun music by David Ross Lawn made for a perfect mandala meditation afternoon
Just woke up.
We are going to be going to Himeji Castle today! Never been before so I'm excited!!
WOW THANK YOU YOU TOO
Refilwe o nkganne, I'd have those delivered in the morning, right on time for her breakfast
I am his wife though not everything needs to be posted .
Held myself together so well today. Ke strong. Ke proud
I think I broke a toe
Never cash out me rule now coz last time a did it went onto win for a few sick like
I guess the world would be a boring place if we all liked the same books!
Ahh Cute Taetae I'm so glad you got so see the exhibit please enjoy yourself and take care
A woman multiplies what's given to her. Therefore, women are not equal to mem
I Only Love My Bed And My Mama I'm Sorry.
.
Who's up for some pink cookiedough?
.
you just have to add pink
Awww hehe night night! Sleep tight
Lovely weekend
Thank you, I see it. Ok to post one of your pics ?
Off early early
Bye Bondi Beach moving on to Sydney CBD for my last 2 days in Oz
I don't know why I write this
But I have curiosity and I hope you will answer me
Have you heard a song for
My face hurts damn sinuses
But oooh look at these loving all the pics from
A first, earnest colour-pencil effort since colouring books as a kid
Dobranoc
And the perfect place to work up an appetite - I hope you got a lovely pub lunch or at least some treats
a lot of fun... being happy
ten times more attractive if you speak french
Good morning
wow that looks so good good job
good night then
Who is your Favorite? Mine are both.
happy birthday!!! Xx
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
TE AMO DEMASIADO
ERES TAN
PERFECTO
AMABLE
ASOMBROSO
DIFERENTE
ALEGRE
DIVERTIDO
GRACIOSO
ERES MI TODO
I had such a perfect weekend, filled with love and laughter
Oh and crema is the foam created from pressing water through the grounds. Sign of good coffee
It's actually not very hard to it doesn't take much effort
Sorry everyone for the notification that I went live. Just fixing and testing my sound settings. Sorry again.
Hehe he
been doing good on my evolving
I would love to promote anything like makeup etc Thank you
Is that source reliable
Lovely
You need to get in line!
thank very much
Gracias por existir
Fresh faced
I'm so happy for you!
Oh man i would love this lol
Goodnight Doug, sweet dreams my friend
Thank u every retweeter
Looks a bit like mine lovely horse
Welcome to Twitterland! Enjoy your stay here!
See you there
Thank you, it was
Cold beer just for you
This plan has cheered me up this evening
Il mio parere su Milan Inter
I Think I Know Who It Is
Vote for Stacey!
Good bye Los Santos! Going to miss those wicked good cinematic shots. Excited for Red Dead though.
Morning
Capital
Mejores cosas
Cute filter
Nachti
selling 2 tickets for Russ October 27th dm me for more info
Best weekend in a long while
Always the salmom kuya. Hehe good mornin kuys Ned.
Whipping up a porkloin, candied yams, collards, and cornbread for dinner
You are gonna need a bigger turkey?
New video uploaded
Happy Labour Day! be spending mine doing spreadsheets and drafting new blog posts
OMG! You have to see this. > pa share live po fb/Twtter Thank you .
Lovely photo ::god bless
Hmmmm I m an amateur at playing guitar now but ya one day it will surely be my talent
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
my pinky nail broke and the woman who fixed it made it look ugly might as well just kept it broke
It is pretty and cheerful. Got it at Kitchen Stuff Plus and I see it's on sale now too. Buy yourself one
Brendan hope you had a fantastic day So happy for you after results show. Love you Night
Thank you Twitter for the Mute button.
The Graveyard Book and Coraline.
Wow! That's amazing artwork! You'll always be perfect for a role
Very welcome
Appreciations kwako
That's much better than getting hurt... right?.
I'm glad you're okay.
Thank you Haley!
iyi geceler
You have a way with words, Sir! Duly chastened
You too Destin .
It's taken some time, but I'm actually starting to care less of what people think of me and I've become happier because of it!
Trisha's biggest dream. finally done in that is , to act with superstar Rajinikanth .
Goodmorning :) happy monday alter folks!
Still look great
hola y usted cuando piensa venir a Argentina?
Happy Halloween Michael Oh Shit
I might since near my full time job! Thanks girl!
Thanks
I spotted KaShara! Love her
hola y usted cuando piensa venir a Argentina?
So happy for you, Tae! You must have been so excited
Your love for art is overwhelming
you brighten my day
i think cute
i assume this is the
you just HAD to
To listen this amazing performance, here
Cute Gosling... Watercolour design.
Hey how hard can it be ?
harleydavidson2017: danne1244: Please do Yes please do
Thanks Josh ^AN
We're always here to help, Micha
Full Moon Wednesday... Very Niceeeeee
hola y usted cuando piensa venir a Argentina?
Friday Everyone Breakout the Lingerie
Antes do show do
not a demon
And I think we can continue to do that
Oh thank you
Get back in the game with some sexy girls in sports bras
Trying to clear some of the ridiculous backlog
hola y usted cuando piensa venir a Argentina?
homecoming weekend and guess not apart of it
Please bring the event to Hiroshima
if she can do it with triplets you can do it w/ one baby
Hehe, thanks for the advice, Leander!
Thank you
good morning
Last night but I still have a week of holidays so I'm happy and I had an amazing time with my Man
PowerLedger $POWR price: $0.182164
We checked! Binance registration is currently open
I really love your happy smile
It was a very intentional, very hopeful soundtrack.
Day is moving along...been in bed snuggling with my ninja kitty.
Never me of course
happy birthday solon!!
No better feeling than feeling content
Congratulations Way to and are a very special Always follow your dreams!!
Your lovely poem reminded me of this
Sleeping dates are the best thing ever
I don't know if I did, but, hope I helped...
If only
Yeah so right like you at you. You can't even follow me back bitch I'm not your fan I'm your friend
Definitely and thank you
Hopefully
LOVE IT Susie Q!!! I'm only 5'2".... this would be a shirt I'd love to have!!!!
This is to much for me to handle
Just added lots on shapes and sizes and backpacks as well
All clips will be on my new realty show coming soon to E!
Since I started wearing glasses my eyes as tired as they used to
tonigth we all be in the ligth
Haha, I won't be there until 4.30. I'm sure I'll see you at the ground
ayyyue ur welkam
Fresh storms coming in over Hinze Dam. We're just managing to stay ahead of them
Ik im sorry
welcome!
Oh.....lol....well, I can confirm from that picture....you have wonderful eyes, both of them
Thank you
Merci beaucoup
Awwwwww die of cuteness
Of course I can. DoorDash is always an option but it's not really the same as having someone bring you some but thank you
Done and shared
been home alone all day and been so lovely. I actually decided to clean the house and now off to find some dinner
Let's keep these ideas in mind if it comes up
The multicultural experiment hasn't worked Guy so get over it we are moving on
I'm always available for use
At least your reality is true for yourself.
I drew
get lost or fuck your life up.
Thank you
Omg that ring is so nice
thank you!
I watched some Belgium show called Professor T
Hahah I love it! It has always been my dream car
Follow back
Nothing you??
Merci beaucoup
Thank you
Rise and shine. Thank you Lord!
I know someone happy about F1 race winners today
Ahhh so creative!
hosting
Goodnight all, sleep well and sweet dreams
He's truly awful. I hope you are wrong. Miracles happen, right?
Thank you, kind
Thank you!
Me and both Gunnars, 2019 is no problem why? we both use to defeats
I'm ready for date night tonight
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KIRS. SEE YOU LATER. HAHAHA, NAA KOY PANG GAS. DON'T WORRY. ps. tarung na tayo skwela hehehe
welcome my city is brea.
Thanks Rachel
Quick Banner i made for
First time trying this, feedback?
Shiny, happy maths punks!
Congratulations!
Good morning
Skelletor a long time Since Ive seen him
Haha. I agree!!!
What's for dinner?
so glad enjoying it! Love seeing your answers
Thank you
Domingos de playa
Thanks!!
Bootilicious Babes With Busty Butts
That was a great way to do that going to remember that. That way the person
Current $IOTA price: $0.49
QUICK! Sign up before Binance closes registration!
hola y usted cuando piensa venir a Argentina?
Someone told me I danced beautifully and asked if I was a instructor. That made me feel great!
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
En temps, objectivement, ils ont fait le show
My baby glad to see you enjoying the things you like and I hope you had the best time go back home
Status $SNT price is: $0.036254
We verified that Binance is accepting new users!
I have no 9ams
What are you doing today to build others up?
Stay up to date on all things KARMA by joining our
been more than a week and still nothing Not even a reply
You are going to win... My money on you from the start
Both
I also have an app that does currencies and all sorts as well as measurement, volume/cups etc
The love boat, dinner at the captains table foal 1980s style lamb shank onion gravy
Well that's the most likely way of me in reality so that's nice
OMG! You have to see this. > pa share live po fb/Twtter Thank you .
Reveal is Saturday sooo excited
Thank you
good guy dom
Great to see back on the pitch, and not just in a cameo role
// here just watching Wentworth.
Late night TV for toddlers... the unsleepy boy insisted on watching Off
Imma watch twilight tonight
not please call me that. Thank you
Glad to hear you are OK fine thanks ready for another busy week on the road to retirement
Luigi n my son is Mario
hola y usted cuando piensa venir a Argentina?
I suddenly felt super self conscious for some reason lool but alhmdl it went really well
Who wants to do a voice over for me to put in a mix
I love seeing a dude beat his meat
hola y usted cuando piensa venir a Argentina?
Thanks for great evening & for taking my amazing pic with Malorie
Oh hey you I'm ok. Halfway through my chemo doses now. 12 more to go. Hugs you xxx
Ta oublier team et switch
Men are toys to throw away once you've broken them
Cool! Thanks! Will check it out!
Nighty, night!
And FRESH art :3c
Woop be grand! Yeah we'll figure it out nearer Saturday
And you taught me a lesson today. Thank you
I had the most amazing productive week/ eventful weekend Life is so on point!!
All poll results are in! Can't wait to share her with you!
Don't ask me, I don't even know where I dig them up from
Lmao thanks dude
Buffalo Chicken Pasta for dinner and watching Friday the 13th
And I'm not tired of it yet!!
be like for whatever you may need baby
Netflix has all the Star Trek series on there. Worth the fee for that alone
Beautiful pictures of your city, my friend! like especially very much the city lights you captured
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
I like Cameron's hair
okay.
done very well my friend, very well indeed
Life is so good
know that answer! But let Kristin tell you herself!
Girl Power!
Lovely boy. Good morning Tae-tae
Of course you are welcome
OK clit eastwood aka DuchesstheEwu
You can watch it on
Rings & Earrings: Comment SOLD with the and it's yours
FfS: conspirators should try standing in Park Lane for in brilliant sunshine, no cover, with many
Goodmorning
trying to raise him right over here
Check your mail.
hola y usted cuando piensa venir a Argentina?
Hey... Thanks... Ditto...
It's all good!!! It's necessary to speak of the topic at hand if change is to be made.
her daddys holiday with her. had 2 with her this year so only fair
You're welcome darling^^ if you need some nice and supportive words, just tell me I have enough love for both of us
Thank you
Nah, you can still look for funds J without selling ya books.
We will miss watching you play. Thanks for being a great player and mentor
I'm going to post it a little later under the story after the End.! Probably in 20 minutes
welcome
Carita de
Definitely! And I would highly recommend it to anyone so mad that's how we met! Haha. Hope you're keeping well
hola y usted cuando piensa venir a Argentina?
omg, give yourself a lot of time to vote. the ballot is huge! all done ready to wear my sticker on Nov
Well that's the most likely way of me dying in reality, so that's nice
I love this song
hola y usted cuando piensa venir a Argentina?
Harry is better
Yes, I hope so too
My Love For Horror
I can't Wait For This
Ahan, why won't i go to church?, I've never ever missed church in my life
I was watching a bit of that Doug, they do a tough job
Thanks Liz she's so adorable
My Love For Horror
I can't Wait For This
Relationship Goals
Follow us on Youtube
Looks good on you!
This is a rock star.
go!
Leave be Brian, taken enough today
siyah beyaz halini buldum Bence benziyo
welcome I enjoyed the books and getting ready to read the next volumes.
good morning
Relationship Goals
Follow us on Youtube
tooth fairy task done x
Good Morning
Relationship Goals
Follow us on Youtube
Who are you flying with?
Relationship Goals
Follow us on Youtube
I gotta plan some shit for when I get back..I gotta come correct
De vez en cuando
Igualmente Charly!
Ha ha, not at all, I liked your comment
Bonne nuit tous
Goodmorning
I love this lady
Good morning!!
I've never met a more wholesome human. Appreciation Station.
My unicorn babies at an today!
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
okay, thank you!!! miss you too! Life is great, I complain
prova
vikings -190 with 37-17 win over jets metlife stadium
Congratulations Jess very all deserved Hard work, determination, perseverance always has a
Well if you happen to make it to Nevada we will offer any assistance needed
Casey: spooky baskets r so cute
Her bf: okay bet
One week later ...
Well them I'm sorry
Not the best birthday had worse but glad to be here another year all that really matters
I love that you use 'safety chopping'!
Great choice
cheap in my money so gladly
Wait! Found them by searching upcoming episode. Check if Bates 2 is on there Leopards inn is incredible
// can we ignore the horrible accent and the horrible voice and enjoy the plot twist in this video?
Good morning
and Happy Birthday hanbine
I hope you are always happy and smiling uwuuu
Happy Birthday Loser! Hope You Have A Great Day! May God Keep Blessing You With Many Years
There was LOTS going on this year! (And so much overlap) Even so, it was so much fun
& im completely fine with it
Keep it smiley
Day 43
Ffs conspirators should try standing in Park Lane in the brilliant sun, no cover, with many thousands
I hear ya
Morning
Sugar factory with the girls
OMG! You have to see this. > pa share live po fb/Twtter Thank you .
How and what you do? I did those tablets from doctor! AMAZING! One year smoke free
Aww thank you
Thank you
7) Eventually I want at least 2 kiddos
8) Mid 60s, partly cloudy, light winds - sweater weather
Best weekend with the best people family time is the best time
Thank you
was nice to meet you today!
Hubby and I went to see and it was scary!
Thankyou very much they remind me of little breads
Good evening! love to hear your thoughts on my latest post! All comments returned:
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Rather awesome
Amazing! Thanks for sharing the pic with us Katie
:-) You too, Narinder. xx
and refreshing a remoaner
Oh I love ya please talk to me too! You've never annoyed me so far thank you so much, I feel alright today though
Night night
Glad to hear it!!
Nice to see such sportsmanship around the grid
Used to do it all the time cured now...
happy birthday Sam !!!!
Gracias mi presidente Lo espero con ansias
I would say so
Thank you for participating! Let your friends and family know back open if you mind
Take it easy...
That's great news! Seems these ticket sellers have Finally sorted ticket issues one way or another?
A bit different I guess.. Cleaning a 4 bed house with 4 bathrooms pretty much daily is not easy
I wish you the same too
Look one of our faves
When nature comes out to enjoy a little bit of sunshine
.
..
Sunshine and smiles are all that is needed.........
Easy lion
Your very welcome!
Thank you
Alright. Ai ai captain
Replace the Rock with Dusty Rhodes
Give him so more salt
Cause you make everything better.
miss_cruell
Yay
I hope you are getting Someone to do a for a Good Cause?
It was fun hanging out with you last night! has to come next time
Yes, all done Yonnette Didn't want you miss out though.
I love gratitude lists so much! Thanks for the reminder
My pleasure
Looking forward to it. I hope my hero Sidney Smith features.
Getting my massage now $1 per minute, an hour is already covered. Please, add more
Remember when that yt gy tried to get you fired
No problem at all
YOU ARE SO SWEET! Thank you!!!
-just 3 of US----thanks G !!! Guys s uulitin "sulit ang DAY OFF namin
Di mn
I book Monday off for nothing
thx!!!
Need new ppl to talk to dm me
Bonne nuit
hola y usted cuando piensa venir a Argentina?
Ellas
Man got a well deserved massage yesterday morning
I made this
You can order just inbox on any social media handle (Favour Edemumoh) and you'll get it delivered
Neither am I. I'd call myself a pragmatic lefty. Again, thanks for the reasonable conversation.
Gonna be late for the sunday stream of a hour due to girlfriend and daughter are top priority
It was, but sometimes old is gold! Hope your show was good!
Gotta sleep now! Thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday! I've had a really fun time.
I hope right
Come back
Thank you. Consider joining a Circle using the free guides to put the ideas into practice.
Nope totally impossible
Happy birthday to iKON's leader Kim Hanbin Be happy and healthy all the time please We love you
Ah! Thank you my love I trust you had a lovely weekend? Ntse kena le MaChuene Snr today
Not an artist but I felt artsy
Bobbia
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness
So, you do or want to be on a train?
Hi I took these
And I'm sure you've already let the airport and airline know that you need special assistance?
thank u
Love it! think you might like this
Need to find someone to go to raves with down south- anyone wanna apply? Devon/Exeter/Bristol I
They're looking wonderful xx
Oh and me
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness
Good morning
Cats certainly know how to relax!
carolina herrera
Sunnnnnday
I pray I remember
Best of luck, Tracey. You'll be great.
Yaya le c trop bien
Really not ready for it to be Monday tomorrow
And this happened! What a great weekend we had
Goodmorninggg selff
Awww I miss havening a phone it was really good hehe but I like my new phone
Ffs conspirators should try standing upright, for two hours in Park Lane in the sun, no cover, with
Poke
Gentleness is not weakness, Gentleness is Strength under control
sorry, not perfect!
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness
Go bohloko go bereka ko Mortuary cos Lege o hwile waya mmerekong gaona off
Thanks DLew
THANKS TONY
Our Champ
My boy home
You were amazing in Can't wait to see what you are in next apart from S3 Victoria of course
Hope everyone had a great time ADE
I sure will. Thank you
You're welcome, Carol. Thank you!
Cart Curt Yok
you have to wait long, in ep2 at the end!! to answer your question, everything except his adorableness is irrelevant
The ceiling was clouds.
Nov. 11 & thanksgiving
Whaduup?
(Ngiting one day lang papasok tapos off ulit)
I think they will do this!!
Thank Marysia x
I love Octane Render Will upload some of my work once it's done
Highly honoured you trolled me. I must be doing something right. Thank you
Hey no worries!
If u didn't win a ticket and u desperately wanna see talk to ur guy nicely, he won 4 of them Btw I'm ur guy
Have you been eyeing up another , will be jealous
Oh I see !!!
aaAAHHHH i'm so glad you were able to go!!! i was hoping you would have the time to i'm so glad your wish came true!!
We always send our farm tour guests your way! p.s. looking for fresh or
Congratulations! So proud!
I pasted it into another translator and got it, that Biblical passages was an excellent fit. Thanks for the clarification!
The owner of this tweet is not thinking straight. Forgive and forget
Thank you
Titip Salam buat Mami dan cici omi Yaa
Yes, I thought it was really cool. They get fancy now for the band competitions
Busy so sleep now . Good night Mick have a brilliant evening. Sweet dreams
Awweee! Thank You Shannen! Love You!
Cet article date de 2015 On l'aura ce feat un jour ?
Thought you would like it
Goodmorning. Thankyou lord
Call me ginger.
What choni deserved:
1. Better beginning
2. More spotlight
3. More happy scenes
4. More kissing scenes
Robert defo made a massive difference tonight. It's great to have him back.. quality
Would you not be scared Doug
3 shiny
Yea protecting the love of his life
Ohh! It's great to meet another fan of The Cure!
Uhhh I know love ka rin ng papa where ever he is
hey there
She will have a special place in the collection Managed to snag most if not all cipher Titanias
Hello.. Or should I say
Thank you! So kind of you Tom!
Excited about fresh bedding on a Sunday! Getting old & boring and giving zero shits!
Enjoy your trip in Paris :)
Can't wait to see you in November
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Oh, I didn't mean Pollan. I meant in general.
wait to throw these footballs in the bin outside
thank you this made my little gayish heart pitter patter to the IF instrumental
'Lilac Time' is one of my favourites too
Unfortunately, most of my favourite plants are vine
I wait
19* & it might not sound like anything to brag about but coming from the city I come from, it is.
oh & clean
hola y usted cuando piensa venir a Argentina?
Happy bday to my brother for life thanks for being a good ass friend since forever...bump some thug to
"Llevelo, llevelo"
Answer is on amazon's bestselling albums chart ...
G O O D M O R N I N G ! Have a nice day everyone
Thank you
I thought deeply about what you said king.. I'm doing my best.. th ankh yah so much for your wisdome 13love
Thank you
QUE AGONEY HA DICHO QUE DE LOS CONCIERTOS SE VIENE SINGLE Y MUCHAS COSAS
I always will
OMG! You have to see this. > pa share live po fb/Twtter Thank you .
Yay! This means a lot
Lovely. Very festive.
The ambience of this place eh
+ =
That was a super fun cam session--TY TY for joining us!!
Thank you. Will call tomorrow
Lesbian Roommate
Ja so ist der Plan
A side by side comparison of both. Also feel free to post your favorite pics of each.
They're quite a bit larger than what I've been using as coasters but they can definitely be coasters
Thank you too
Thank you.
You can take the powerbanks in either your hold or your hand luggage Julie
and a rather wonderful looking beach!
I will do that. Thank you Chubby
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness
This is the plan
Thank you!
Still valuable and important though.
Du bon temps
Thank you and for the invite we all loved it
Gracias
Cheers Steve
That is very true Doug
Here Am I.
I dont remember the composer, I'll look at it when I get home, but it's what I sang with my sister for my farewell
Baby girl! Work is fine.. I'm actually enjoying it thanks for asking
That is a great group of girls
When people tell me my art looks good It makes me feel very happy
Nice shot!
It was great fully maxed out shiny and my Pokemon over 3000
Congrats! It will be good to see you again.
Thanks lance
Thank you, I will try
living 4 look in this pic. be friend Armond
Thank you!
Never mind, it's one day nearer to next weekend
era Rap Monster
Hi Enda, yes that's correct. Did you make the journey? If so, we hope you enjoyed your doughnuts
GOOD MORNING! jayveelievers!
Have a blessed morning
Hatities prolly picked up the art from Sumerians and perfected it. Sharing is caring
You just can't dislike the guy
Blimey! You must have a ton of energy! Kudos
I cannot wait for because is back I wish she was back for good!
Meet me for lunch....
Took f.o.r.e.v.e.r. because I was a perfectionist about how each letter & symbol looked, but it was fun!
You're doing great sweety!
CHECKS OUT
Bureau of Labor Statistics!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Feel free to steal this pic guys
Thank you
be on mfc at 7pm pacific! Cum keep me company
Keepin up with baelisha season 1 episode 1 will air next week
All the Halloween towns are on Hulu
My Students amaze me with Look at the trick-or- treaters made with emojis!
Good.
I ask myself the same question everyday! There were 18 months between book 1 and
Great to see everyone! Blessings to all my brothers and sisters in Vienna!
Thank you! - I just might take you up on your offer and briefly borrow it if I find one.
depends on whether it hangs to the right or the left
you too.ive been working all weekend and looking forward to my day off tomorrow
NO U
Thanks kev
You a trip .. thank you though
It is
OMG! You have to see this. > pa share live po fb/Twtter Thank you .
After a long time i came back
I want to know you
to my darlingggg
Thank you
Its very comfortable in Alabama right now
thank you!
Goodmorning
ohh, is that why the hoodie looks a little big on him? bc it's namjoon's hoodie???
A great space can enhance an experience ten fold! Join the community and meet up!
Sweet! add you back!
Daniel please
Thank you so chuffed.
Sorry.... I don't work Mondays. But I never get the fear these days. I'm very fortunate
Mmmhmmm I like the sound of this.
Lovely
A diamond in the rough
and combine the secret of my gorgeous twin breads.
This is a cornfield
Love flying with them guys! We did both LA + New York with them, we were through security within minutes
(@amylynnknits)
What a couple of cuties!! Have fun you guys!!!
Awwww i appreciate the warmth
I love your Avi
Guess what??
It's my new wallpaper
And the Cowboys look horrible
You were both amazing to watch every week we will miss you
I love this ...
Thanks CS. It's minor but still appreciate the support.
Goodmorning
Just seen this, thank you
Selection of recent gifts. Wall art and graffiti from Brazil, Spain and UK. Thank you!
A smile is the shortest distance between two people
Thank YOU for a lovely evening Thoroughly enjoyed myself (again) - it was great
I cant believe i just almost slept 12hrs... think i needed it lol we will be live in about an hr
I never not get what I want and I want this boy
thank u peyton!
Struu!! We need to actually fix this country... So we can all speak about mid month groceries..
Lil sketch I did at work the other week for and myself. I forgot to upload it but here it is now
updated it with some new favs
indulge your musical palette and enjoy
Early bird.
But since I have it, probably not even on the horizon. make cinnamon rolls and chocolate chip cookies myself
Thanks
Still in Germany Heroji? If so, it's just hop, skip and jump to London. ..most welcome...just saying
Thank you! Nice talking to you.
Happy weekend, just back from London delivering Topographical Encounters :Where The Sea Meets The Moon Blanched
Alhamdulillah
Fat fucker but since you spoke, drop if off give you the money
Today we took a long walk along the in my hometown
Beautiful weather and the typical autumn
I like that one too
Lost for words
Aww I love aquariums but hopeless at maintaining them
Weather forecast - ideal Sunday funday
You're welcome.
Yes they would be long journeys lasting days
Taking my 9 year old brother to see in a couple weeks. Both so excited
Current HT of the day is 0tks, so if you buy 2 raffle tix for 66tks be the new HT!
Heaps on today everyone Times for the Rotorua Bike Festival events are below
Have a great day in paradise
Happy 22 Million subs on YouTube btw!!!
here at 1604 Sunset Plaza Dr, open house today! 2-5pm
Why commit to one dude going to stress you out when you can have multiple to make you smile
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
You look so pretty. Love the costume !
I respect niggas lol, do a mf any type of way
Awesome giveaway
Rt/fav et je le fais
Same here! see one minute of NFL! Just got back from fighting the crowds at Costco!
Today's a great day
hahaha aww well you never know she might still grow a bit and i'm sure she's rocking 5'3
Somos
You chose the wrong side bro
Haha tbh I did like both teams!! But having you on team Treat sweetened the deal (heh)
Amazing photo
Thanks!
Saves all the fuss and mess doesn't it!
My cousins baby is such a Happy baby
Thanks have a good week
My mum just gave me a bunch of flowers to get me thru the week at work
It's so adorable Seems like he's really enjoying his drink!
Nope, not even close!!!
OMG! You have to see this. > pa share live po fb/Twtter Thank you .
Aw this is goals happy Anniversary guys
Bence oldu
One day Dallas gonna find the endzone
The I really hope you like them
VISIT THE LAYLOW. GET SOME BRUNCH AND LISTEN TO
finally done the adult thing been meaning to do for ages - ordered myself a Tesco clubcard
We wish you a pleasant flight with us!
Awwwnnn! Aren't you such a good sport?!
Well, I thought about it too.
Intra-faith, we already
drunk me do some things
Mabrouuuuk the Champion
Wish YOU all the BEST this season Inshaa'allah
Ah yes, the Evoque. I actually quite like this car
I was having a shit day & then I got offered a promotion for the holidays and so happy
Thrilled to hear surgery went well
check out this channel, great renditions of a Tolkien's poems
Sublime beauty all round
A year older, woke up feelin a lil different today
Homemade rice pudding
Keep smiling , head up and don't stop moving forward cuz life is short.
Don't feel blue and live with love .
I got different friends for different shit
Yes that picture!
I don't have a particular favorite. The whole volume was just one big happy memory to me.
Thanks Chris Still on way home Rest up you too
This is all I can manage this evening, I'm KNACKERED after a great weekend with my ladies
I keep it updated
Quite a lovely place
YHT won
A School won
Bucs won
Both fantasy teams up heavy
Great football weekend
You're welcome you deserve it
... I was slightly disappointed that Bonnie Tyler didn't appear through a trap door like she did once before
The Butt Over Back is making Thursday the best day of the week (48 Photos)
thanks
Goodnight same to you
Goodmorning!!
geceler
Done
Support me too
Thank you for having me. Enjoyed our conversation.
Close out your Monday with a few hunnies and funnies (20 Photos)
PSA: Friday night lights was just added to amazon prime
How 'bout rolls? You ok with those? I've got lines, wrinkles and a spare tire
You should come serve at Life with me
A very good son. You must be a great mom.
Thank you so, so much too for dedicating 'Heroes' to my Mum She was completely
I wait to have my own little family to make Sunday dinners for
Couldn't decide between them
living blessed and happy
Even through tough times you smile through it
I agree
As ever, thank you for sharing
get much but I got at least one shiny
Brandon Ingram is beautiful
aw hehe so sweet thankyou !!! dont worry, you are so blessed din because of what you have and who
Proud
And half dead
Not the fastest but for my first ever half I'm just so happy to have made it in
Black mask night
I would love to get to know more!! If you ever need to talk about anything always open!!
....freals, hope winning today
sightseeing after mpgod ng bongga
geceler
Lovely and cute photos. Sounds like a very nice concert. Great to hear that you had a good time.
Well done Champ
Make sure you bring your trophy when you visit us in Folkestone next month
I feel so good about myself and where I'm at in life It wasn't easy and I still got a long way to go.
thanks !
Goodnight sleep well
Lol, come to my room nd join me in yoga
Cus they are thick .
You and women
I loved it
miss world
There's the answer
OMG! You have to see this. > pa share live po fb/Twtter Thank you .
Tea right now.
North Carolina, USA. Going to Raleigh show in June! I am also a Clique mom! Love mutuals of all ages and backgrounds.
Yup making this for dinner tonight
Tyler Place
Alyssa Place
20 minutes
Wow! quite an experience Hans. So glad it turned out well for you
Good morning
We had a blast!!
Because Jihyo's official color is yellow
Have a good nights sleep earned it
I hope the photos are up to date and the wall still exists there . I found these photos on Facebook a few days ago
Got to hang with my mom Friday & have dinner with my dad Friday night. Never take these days for granted
Non
Good job hit my sell target 666 sats out. For now
They aren't worth your time!
Woo!! I know you really like working there so glad getting out
Delighted to hear it
What about Glasgow
Today I worked with a different age of cheer girls and it that bad tbh . I really enjoyed it
Good morning
Send your brother money fes dear
Heyyy
Good morning
Officially moved on.
madam today Aan devathai movie partha sama ur acting very nice
its a good thing im new to pv
I live in the main city Nice! Maybe bump into each other one day.
Yup
They will never figure me out
THAT'S WHY I'M HYPE/ETC. :
CONVERT PROBLEMS INTO ENERGY
ENJOY LIFE NA RIN
ORAYTT.. DONE? NA ANSWER KO NAA
Inshallah be there in a few months
Same! I'll probably post about where I'll be around or set a meet up time. I'm usually easy to find.
Is that why your coat is so glossy?
True! Hope you get to catch up with it soon!
The song
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
But another day closer to the end too & I'm sure that 1st glass of will taste sweet Hang in
That was cute
When you will look through all the content you will get a better picture how creative process in BTS works.
So good
Started with a bang & ended with a
Great acting by
Lady Gaga was
Nope
So make sure you follow up on going on in Georgia.
Kingman High School
He's a mega star Doug
live. John Carpenter, Albert Hall, Manchester
Merci ( gngngngngn)
Very happy about this
Clearly Your Ajith Fan . We Ar Not Expecting More Than This
You Dont Have The Guts To Say I
Be kind always
The Sixth Doctor Colin Baker cosplaying as Jodie Thirteenth Doctor, what a legend
One of the sexiest babes ever beautiful Lady great face, great, legs and a perfect booty
Thank you Sid
Thank you!
Stay strong cause you have nothing to lean on.
Next year I hope to be included
We have many job opportunities available. Come see us!
Good morning
Just a passing thought
No sir, sinasir
Definitely my favorite way to end a Conference.
I come home and my mom is making lasagna. I'm happy
Almost time for WAIT
deal and no more changes
Tomorrow off , day already planned and productive
def going back someday when the shining looks beautiful have fun
Oh yes. saved all the favourites. Maybe have grandchildren to read them to
better than corgi and pizza? A corgi with a pizza.
Have you checked your privacy settings? Learn more here:
Happy sunday
Matt is online now!
When faithful, funny, can dress , smells nice and puts you first!
Always good to hear xx
Amateur Tranny Big Cock Self Facial
Today is the most ever said thank you
I go on Sephora anymore.. last time I went there I spent $250 on Fenty Beauty but have fun
Thank you I think we owe one another a phone call man lol
Next stop Madison Avenue Jody!
a shame you get a netgalley copy. Thank you for adding it to your Christmas list!
Please unroll Thanks
I think you've given me the disease cos your smile is contagious
That Cake tho!!! Glad you enjoyed your birthday
Right? I'm hoping to be there. Trying to win tickets
Haha I was so happy man it was a really good feeling hope you get to see your cousins soon though
Hi, in a terrible mood
Thank you for your wise words.
Thank you
had an eventful, stress free weekend.
Please.
Okisss ahorita a verlo
This side I'm that son
Thanks. Needed that today.
Thank you
Thanks for the follow!
Got to 10 pm and realised I hadn't washed off all the orgy sex filth from last night.
Unos mates y a seguir trabajando!
As you can imagine, not familiar with any hymns or the like. Good luck finding a song though!
So beautiful. Excited for Windermere tomorrow
EL SABADO ME DIO UN ATAQUE AL
Yo ya puedo morir tranquila
OMG! You have to see this. > pa share live po fb/Twtter Thank you .
Sundays are for and my mind
Looks like you all had a great weekend thank you for sharing your photos.
piss me off
Wholesomeness down the TL
Thanks for the follow!
You're a seafarer I see I think the techniques are still more alive in your arena, in
Awesome.
The blog is live! Thanks for making the process so straightforward and fun
Congrats mate well deserved
I swear every time i find a new book to read it just makes me so happy.
i got new work boots and been super excited about it.. so pretty and comfy
Thanks boo thangggg
Schedule food deliveries when they're convenient for you! Enjoy 30% off your order with this
Thanks for the follow!
Gracias
See you next month in Wrexham... So happy
omg your on here, loved ya in the house, you were amazing you gave east Anglia a good name plus your fit as
Feel you missed a yum yums and yuk yuks opportunity
OK
Legends alright! great memories.
Hope good with you P.
You need to have faith and hope. Maybe you could be the winner! Stay positive
Hahaha I know! It does take a long time.
Thanks for the follow!
Thanks so much. He just got better looking with age I think! Such a nice and polite man. So happy I met him.
going to get a rescue one
Tukomeshe!
Of course! First show I ever truly watched and fan girled over, in 1985, when I was 7 years old.
Thank you for your wise words.
You're welcome, Your Highness.
v glad to hear found a reasonable option for groceries
Just to let you know... I also steal memes!
Very flattered John. Thank you!
im a 6 but my personality a 10
Have a great week with all the love in world just keeping it simple
Pas de soucis merci beaucoup
a smile
Babe loved my afro
Look happy to be getting her Botox. is a gorgeous supermodel, so it always
Domingo
Good hope is one of the most important things in life
Dussepalooza this weekend I cant wait
Just a reminder:
what do you love most about Christmas?
How tall are you 5'8"
happy birthday ros!!! thank you for creating the wonderful fics you have written hope you
Thank you
This is me...
Thank you so much
Somebody come to the movies with me tonight
Happy for you
20/10/2018
D&R
When should we expect the meet and greet photos to be posted online??
Thank you! When I discovered this quote, I instantly thought of him and just had to make something with it!
I did !!
Me right now... Woop! Woop!
Why
I am really hoping is on the panel tomorrow, be great to see Stacey and hopefully meet her
Made me smile, the enthusiasm of youth
thank me first
Ryan Marr helping little Jack Woodfield Squash and Leisure Club
You're welcome.
Omg this day was soooooo much fun, I got to see Thee 1975 and Blue October 2016
You're very welcome
I had such a good weekend. It's been mooooooonths since I last drank
Good read anyone interested
Good morning.
Thank you
I'm totally looking forward to that date too! Thanks for getting in touch & see you soon!
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off
OMG! You have to see this. > pa share live po fb/Twtter Thank you .
As love to shoot a scene
Good night Rich. Sweet dreams.
Thanks
Just caught up with and so happy that Raikkonen finally won a race!!
yup im dying x Yvettes soo much more pro though x
It looks so good! I love the colour
Happens all the time to me as well (not just with tweets)
The fact I go skating last night and not going tonight is mind blowing to me oh well got other plans
Believe and you will find your ways
Hello KathNiels. Magready na tayo sa Blockscreening ng movie ni Queen ha.
That's because Norsemen is totally brilliant. Bravo and congratulations all round. Roll on S3 (and 4 and 5...etc).
You are so welcome! Your input was amazing
This is what the internet is for!
Raggedy Ann. With the pink cheeks
,she's a dead ringer.
Free
Stunningly gorgeous
Maybe not then,but I must say how she moves her hands around them clouds is very relaxing
Moms in Hawaii living her best life! And I couldn't be happier for her!! I love that woman.
mama cooked me rotel
Jules. and
thanks Ian
I got a nice hat from check them out
hair about to be down my ass for my birthday
so cute
Thanks arr!
Aw thank you!!
Hello folks
Which model do you recommend and why?
comments thanks!
Merci BTS
Merci Paris
Was at the concert d2 and honestly was one of the best night of my life See you next year!
your bridesmaids were simply stunning...such class can't be bought or taught, its inherent within
Shey you will invite me sha
Aww thank you Erin ! I love you
I'm so happy for you, baby!
RT Sunday bake. Bit late for breakfast today Fresh sourdough smell in my kitchen. Mmmm. .
.
Glad not the only one who was catching up. The last episode is SO tense. Be prepared (and enjoy)
Estos
welcome, Shade! Your style is way too fun to draw in, btw.
You totally are! And welcome
Thank you
And thanks for signing my book, of course
Oh my god I work out what I had seen her in!! Thank you!!
Brilliant ged wait to take bailey out like this hates the car though
aww thank you
Heheheh por exemplo
It was actually Ben who compared themselves to Weezer when BB was just starting
Just seen A star is born was really good
:-) Night m'dear. x
Pas grave
Perfect
yep
Merci beaucoup aha
thank you so much i think you are great too
Julia Peres is your Tuesday wake up (24 Photos)
idk who needed to see this but here ya go
Hi everyone!
My friend Tammy Aucoin-MacMullin is looking for people to try the CLEANSE. It's all natural &
for today's Inktober drawing: Hollow Knight
Thank you Cathy! Have a spectacular Sunday!
Hi there
I'm really proud of bts, they've changed my world and for the better. No one can make me feel bad for being an ARMY
Okay lg. Happy for you
That's what's friends are for
Guile's theme starts playing
OK! We all have our troubles.
Happy Sunday Dawn, I'll listen you next week twice a time.
Schedule food deliveries when they're convenient for you! Enjoy 30% off your order with this
No problem
Aww okay buddy
Where can i watch it??
Out here with family picking out some pumpkins. And really cold here in Indiana why I bundled up!
My hair is sooo freaking cute
Staravia
Almost had a full blown anxiety attack, turned on my meditation app and it actually passed
wait
Between us all we could make an awesome documentary
Late but on now Ana
BTW don't believe demagog . I live in the most Hispanic state in
Waiting for it to arrive
Thank you so much
How sweet?! Woodfield Squash and Leisure Club
I just finished reading Dracula last week
Thanks for coming. very glad you enjoyed it! It was a real treat for us too.
so sweet
follows back ! and i would love to be friends
been a great trip with the Marching Tigers! But time to go home now. Until next time...Go Tigers!
Wow today was the perfect Sunday! No traffic on 295
At some point yes, but haven't finished Tomb Raider, still enjoying Forza 4 and haven't even started AC Odyssey yet
Me plz
Cheer up, although life may not be easy now, in the end it's all worth it, everything will get better in time.
So SMILE!
Back in Munich after a great week for our meeting in Dublin, see you all here in Germany for the next one!!
Awfully good march on Saturday. Had the most wonderful organic latte too. Glorious weather too
Adorable
Gotta luv Doug!
Yes
Kane ngay wakh nonou
I wanna go to Paris just to go to Disney
I watched it in the 90s
YES I REALLY DO OMG i look forward to watching it, probably when i finish alias
I hope pretty like this all next weekend!
Chilling
Oh heck yes. You are way too awesome to turn down
My house smells soooo good! I love crockpot meals!
Haha yess! A tip from from
the holocaust!!! tapos panoorin mo din yung film about anne frank
Tough call! Neroli by a whisker over Jasmine I think (though the pink colour is my favourite!) okay I love all of them
Performance task week na....... tapos JAM na on Wednesday!!! stressed na
Bang Me tonight
doggystyle hentai anal latino longest cumshot neighbour
Las Vegas, Nevada
Caramel iced coffee with cream
This is a fantastic celebration show. Lovely to here Ryans voice again on the podcast.
Needed to hear them "Tha Boyz"
you still getting tatted
my week has officially been made
We are related
My edit of and olive
Just got done recording Machete with Danny Trejo on my DVR
I got 5 shinies but had an absolutely fantastic community day with some really awesome friends
Great movie! You too!
Yes it was
De uns dias ai
Had to much fun
Get a pick 6
It's great to connect with you! I'm glad to hear you like Eric. I'll give him a cuddle from you.
Good on you mate! Enjoy the online life
Having a bootiful evening! I know terrible.
By focusing only on the now, your life will become
a whole lot more simple.
OMG! You have to see this. > pa share live po fb/Twtter Thank you .
You're welcome
You will be missed
This is the cutest thing ever! Congrats
Ryan Marr helping little Jack
Already birthday shopping
That sounds so good
hello po? pa accept po thanks
I kinda was. Always RTing stuff about it and idk, it was like I /had/ listened to it even though I hadn't.
But it fixed now
Bang Me today
free porn stream giant cock hidden cam teen blonde titfuck
Thank u
The date is 24/10/2018
The record is
The artist is
Don't forget this event folks.
So glad he's mean
Only expectations of myself are high still because I don't disappoint myself
front, my Crib Smelling Lovely
It's a Babling Brook!
Staravia
The date is 24/10/2018
The record is
The artist is
Don't forget this event folks.
Daniel
Thank you sis, been great!
Good night Linda, looking forward to seeing your final choice sometime Sleep well
Pelo P.u
a Dodger fan? OK, now approaching perfection in my eyes-
Your parents must be extremely proud
And if got shit to say about me venting on Twitter you can eat a chode. This is what I choose to do.
Ask questions for a Live later wanna it to be too boring like yesterday lol.
Awesome glad you enjoy them. I'm planning some new ones for the new year.
Goodmoring
Hope everyone is having a great day today
I said it before, I'll say it again.... so beautiful.
That was a great read.
your eyes are so pretty!!
This is so interesting I sometimes wonder the same, but I feel I only now have the depth and
That would be awesome!
Alright. All my cravings have been satisfied
Yes j'ai 100 followers merci
Had too much fun
Thank you!
Start your day with a smile!
good morning
Now your on punishment
The date is 24/10/2018
The record is
The artist is
Don't forget this event folks.
Wow did I hear that correctly x did you say interesting?@RadioGlen what was on the stairs???!!! so calm and
Hi Samantha, pleasure done already
See you soon
That looks super posh and very expensive
You shared some gems, as always!
lesson learnt: never tweet about a non existent mcm everyday is a school day
I'm pressed to cook dinner
This was my favourite couple ... I aspired to be like them... The time I used to watch Moja
yes please
Good night
The date is 24/10/2018
The record is
The artist is
Don't forget this event folks.
Take a look at this link for more educational websites!
I drive my bike to do that
Woow!
P. D. Ducky ya tu pixel art pero no se si lo viste, si no has visto te lo vuelvo a mandar
The pain will expire
The tears will leave
Happiness will come
And Love will stay
Keep breathing
Cute!
Let the settle the rivalry at the upcoming Wrestlemania...Please
No Doug just watch the show
Just gave to because of you.
I would like to try
Awesome job! Now onto Martinsville
Overthinking
Great
Safe travels back Captain
Vines always cheer me up
I'm hoping for Tuesday/Thursday but if life gets too crazy probably over the weekend.
I loved it, thanks for picking me to watch the clip.
Looking forward to being in Bloem soon. remember the last time I was this excited to see someone
mi madre cooked for me
Ok You Right!!!!!!
Duuude you should have explored more! Thanks very much and I hope you had a great weekend! See at the next event no doubt
good morning everyone
Source: my dad
It's all in the head, like everything..
Brain on point, is a marvel, but when the timing is off,
Thank you Hailey! Hope doing good
I think I finally got this layout thing down
i feel the exact same way, but i may love u a little more
a charge 2 which is almost 2 years old. I love it and never had any issues with it either
mood on Bae East
Thank you
Yeah, same! I make it a point to read it at least once year.
Take a look at this link for more educational websites!
Momoland
One for you and one for Sophia
Merci beaucoup
I really love how passionate you are in arts.
Far or I must say 1000 times better than that Coke Studio version
Yes, I agree. Sometimes you gotta shake up the house to get different results- in life too.
Goodmorning
Fabulous really pleased you did well
Oh Marlise, I adore you! You are so loved ! ( by me ) he he! Among everyone else that has ever met you!
Where can I buy this? Baby tala
I did a thing at LEGO
Thanks!
And yes I know John s Wayne a Texan
Good Morning
Isabella please can you follow me?
Hail! Mary
I have no home
When your Gma from Oklahoma come into town and invite you to church
HeY KiDz!!
How R ya this wonderful sunday evening!?
I'm you this song so much you have moved it backin
Cuando hacer bien tu trabajo.
Stay - Sibuna Acoustic version cover from MAKE SURE TO FOLLOW HER & LEAVE A COMMENT
Talking to Anorexia. So tragic, compassionately presented as always. a legend Louis
Herr is a clip to the new version of Giants.
Enjoy! x
Pre-order the new album NOW
Totally true teacher but also knowledge is unlimited because we never stop learning.
Done voting for today Since I only have 2 votes per day, I always give 1 of my vote to EXO and 1 for iKON
The 2018 - done! I collected some bling along the way. 5th AG in the mile, 9th AG in the 5K, PR
forget being denied jobs cuz of your gender
Or lower salaries compared to men working in the SAME position.
Aww ur mom is a gyenacologist
my sister smoked a blunt with me, gonna be a good day
okay to be fed up mate
Red
Sounds brilliant thank you
Thanks, Jen!
I swear
Kfb sire
Thank you
Come and watch
Train up a child in the way...he/she shall not depart! Budding entrepreneurs, my current situation
'Match of the Day 2'. Time for
Wikipedia
Hi! been busy getting extra outdoor things done while the weather is nice. You have a wonderful day my friend
Thanks for the follow, thank you for your service and Sherman is adorable!
You too, V.
Ah Oui mon ami. De rein!
You're on some antelope leaping tonight
Soak it in momma She will never be this age again
Thank you
Beautiful words dont cost any thing but it helps the other people to be happy
send 8 ball games, mosstyonna@yahoo.com
hello
Never Doug, very cold tonight Doug
Mint moose track ice cream = my new favorite ice cream
No worries Libby Glad you enjoyed it! A drink at a South
Yes and I think that is so cool.
right Becky
be obese go out and excercise starve yourself
The godfather
I super want a little bundle of joy, like this little one
I wait to see this film and you look beautiful
Thanks for being the best, Cheryl! Enjoy!
Thank you Jose. Good evening
Usee e nome
Sorry no I don't trust them
worry
Where a will, a way
thank you
I do enjoy your intellectual mindset, and happy to have "met" you!
Fine.
Good Morning.
Haha and they know it too thank you
YEHET!!!
I definitely plan on making my way back
Potter. Always reading to my kids my 6yo is just enthralled completely love it
No problem! Eric likes all the cuddles he can get, from friends near & far.
going to run into him, get married and thank me
Night night
Happy 4th birthday been wonderful watching DBC gather so much momentum over the years. Such
+17.7 % yield, 77 bets.
Moral of the story: I am very glad to see them - thanks!
Duty later
Thank you, I appreciate it!
I bet you do
Your wish might come true
sad my maternity leave ends in a couple of days, but happy I get to take on new challenges
The person taking you back to your stop
& for more Content!
Join us for a live demo of our platform at booth 24 and grab yourself a cookie
Really am loving this vibe
be your friend
Christ...is that even a decision?
Zelda my
Not bad, bit jumpy. I'd say it's good as a horror film lover. Episode 2 tomo watching The Haunting of...
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
U can get me this
Watching A true classic
Heart feeling a little lighter this evening... Sometimes happy, sometimes sad... "Sadness and happiness have
Still blame people just because they believe in something and you
Oooh....thank you
Live now playing some Rainbow Six come watch
And then my friend Jen grabbed a Target code for me
May The Good Lord Deliver You Poor Soul
Still blame people just because they believe in something and you
Yes love yes.
Thank you
has had a lovely stay with Isobel this weekend
Yo
You could always do what Her Maj did and accessorise a blue hat with yellow
Another good day yesterday
goodmorningg.
Have one next year so I can come again please!!!!! Hope you had a great time
Dr. Sb mubarkaan for the new job! I was waiting for this to happen
GoodMorning
Ello frndz good night
Yes be super fun
Definitely not as beautiful as the beaches in Puerto Rico but Galveston will do for the day
I want to try this
Alles cool hast du nicht.
top tip: play the same song on repeat until the pain goes away
Good morning.. early check in.
traveling to Davao International Airport from Mactan Airport,
Enhorabuena equipo
Always my sweets I know if I needed advice from you girls you would be happy to help back
Do you like mythology? What mythological creature do you prefer? More into Greek than Roman mythology I love
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Thank you
you were on motd today ..
In the opening sequence
That's great! Thank you!
Definitely interested if you still need bloggers. I blog about the latest products and trends
Art Majors usually do...
I'd love to attend one of those December camps! Please can you give me more details
Goodmorning!
No ones ever there when you need them
Aw thank you so much
Dak with the deep ball Touchdown
Back on our patch are you Hun
Ouch! Yeah worth checking for iTunes updates, hope that fixes it!
I love a good bromance
Ok then.
Ppl come and go, ion drip a sweat
My nigga
Muchas gracias
It cost 0.0USD to mind your business
morning good
Gooood Morning
Did you draw this? It's incredible
Thank you. helpful
Not this time, my butt was toast as you can see. I love whipped cream tho
Aww, the view reminded me so much of ATL. Memories
Ich auch
Good morning
Domingo
N
E
W
. . .
Layout !
I'm not sure what temperature is here but it's cold
And you are very kind.
Loved Lady GaGa! Her journey from then to now has been sensational
Muchas graciasssss
memories 2018.
Night night my lovely friend
Just made a purchase that made me so happy
I'm so excited to see this
I luv her too!
*blushes* you are definitely being too kind theres a link on my profile for my instagram
Totally think that too. Maybe not straight away but get karma for his behavior in the end x
if you ever even think about leaving smack you
My firstborn is called Heidi because of that book
Pk pas ?
Mmm.. apologies, no harm intended... I understand where you are coming from
arrive
P. S The event is free and refreshments will be provided
Think ima get high af on my birthday & drunk af at my party ! yea that sounds like a plan
Thanks Sara sure I have to go now after that response
The white days of the month for fasting
22.10.2018 - Monday
23.10.2018 - Tuesday
24.10.2018 - Wednesday
Fast cause its Sunnah
Your opinion about me from "loving, caring and humble to hateful and careless" is going to be changed soon....
Of course
It's finish!
This is the second time I have SRR Tanizaki A future card SSR+... Maybe
good morning
Love me some ashley
Smart words!
I LOVE playing tourguide so if you're ever in Copenhagen, I would love to show you ALL the things! Tivoli included!
It IS worse than we imagined! Thank you for the follow
Windows open and two little rascals running around I love this weather.
I would half joke that the 40 minute limit is a feature. Why would I want to pay to remove it?
Wanna hear a joke? My life.
Went maternity clothes shopping today and came home with this. Justin and I talk a lot about what principles we
Everybody is talking about the 1.6 billions Mega Millions jackpot. But what about the Powerball's 870 millions jackpot?
Can I have both?
I live in Europe and been to at least 12 countries.
Agreed!
I am having an AMAZING day off
So beautiful May Allah bless this smile I thought you had brown hair now I see where the kids got their blonde frot
Ma-discharge njd today thank you Lord for healing Paulo
Frame and hang this MEME in the office.
Someone is getting a little in their Xmas stocking
Thank you!
Thanks Jon for the RT.
Where do broken hearts go?
Good Morning
Some earrings I made today
Yes, she will be there
Bitch you have herpes, i was just trying to be nice sense they was talking about how they miss you now put your money towards a cure
Sad but ya true can't give them curse of death
ES LA MEJOR FAMILIA DEL MUNDO orgullo total
appreciate any support! Love finding new people to connect with
They are beautiful! Inspiring
Thank u
There is no need for a superman to save the day, when there's the two of them who can save each others back.
It has changed A LOT since then
You're our bad luck charm
.
finally he said it .
Fragman of 14th episode with English subtitles
PS. He said it!
Np
Cara do domingo rs
Hehehe have fun with your school!
work is done. time for my blunt
..
Thank you Steve; all advice is very welcome and appreciated! Have a lovely week
been buying so much more clothing that I like and I feel like I finally kinda have a style that I enjoy and feel pretty in
I am a member of the EHS Blue Machine and I recommend this page
I think you are Name-Changer Extraordinaire, my old friend!!!
I had a choice to be anything and I chose to be unapologetically myself
Good morning
Eiiii ando a tentar controlar-me I will
This is what I get for sleeping early
i be thanking god im not dealing with a self centered, hypocritical, lying ass nigga anymore i couldn't deal.
Merci bcp
Monday
Happy birthday!
Nothing gets easier, you just learn to deal with things!!
memories 2018.
Thank you Abby!
This is... a beautiful way to hide my mistake
But you are maybe right
Awww what a sweetie. What a great find. Another great rescue. Well done
It's beautiful Sam! Well done!
Somehow he manages to score every fucking time
I know, I love it!
hope no one gets hit by a train and delays your journey home !!
Thank you
Happy Sunday
Definitely interested if you still need bloggers. I blog about the latest products and trends
Thank you my beautiful friend
Are we including salted caramel ice cream in this? Asking for a friend
Those pictures. A-maz-omg. The one I took today I wondered if be proud of.
I just did
Actually they did
This tweet is petty.
decided to stan.
It can be medicine for the ill.
Dm or text me for more info!!
Actually I likegrown up Luke! Hot
Hi I don't wanna be impatient or sth...but I am and waiting for your podcasts hope HLWK will
Well time to head back to the real world, time for more adventures...wonder what it will bring
.
.
.
.
.
.
I wouldn't worry too much about it
New Burgers tonight
Take a look at this link for more educational websites!
Good morning, Thank you Lord
Just checking out Bruce, thanks.
HAPPY 16th BIRTHDAY TO ME
A great week is coming right up!
!
Shaker v Cue
Oh right, the throwback of LFNK I while we wait
Rather be their Defensive coordinator.
You crack me up, Norma.
Take your time...enjoy your youth
Effectivement
Bacot sia
Aww!! Sleepy Bunny. I see no difference
Awww thank youuu I'll see what I can do
Appreciate the shotout Dale
Loving this opening compilation When got such rich club history , you can do that
He remembered his worth, and the game ended.
My birthday gift, from me to you, on my birthday lol all I ask is that you share it FREE
Done kakak
Makasi udh ngadain GA
Have fun ya nonton burn the stagenya nanti.
Ahorita no tengo sed pero gracias
Hey nipples
I watched it and you are in for a treat it was really good.
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
She's a really good listener too!
Yeah, I'm too cute! how are Squeekie and Peeper? - Peachy
Yes, I have a copy of my editor actually worked on that book, too. I love your
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Joyeux anniversaire
Still one of the best albums released this year. Perfect Sunday soundtrack
Great exciting win for my today
I have a Snapchat and know how to use it guess ask my daughter to explain it to me now
A su servicio, milady
I love it
Goodmorning
19 is already treating me well best birthday ever thanks to
Goodmorning
Chivettes bored at work (31 Photos)
...and nervous!
Glad you two are enjoying it !!
I can help you there
be amazed if they go beyond the U.S. . like to see more cancellations
Starlink Battle for Atlas tourne vraiment bien sur plaisant !
This is what sucks about living in such a big country. I'd love to come hang out but it's an 18 hour drive.
Yes Paul Dellow writing this thank you for you!
We really love it that you were so generous in contributing to my justGiving page. Ta
Hell yeah
Perfect
Aw..should be a good evening! Thanks Sarah
Seriously, who is this man ?
Just for you, here's a clip.
Congratulations
You're welcome
Thank you for your follow
memories 2018. Met Data's daughter Lal. She was so lovely.
Very short? Asking for a friend
So you found an old photo of me!..
Te tomo la palabra amiga!!
Bring me some minus the muffins
16 hours of sleep. I'm ready for today. Good morning!
Hello I am a fan of your artwork! May I please be added to your list? I am over the age of 18.
Women are badasses!
B.I
Next time, fewer shoes! Lesson learned, right?
Hi friends welcome to today here with me. I thank you for popping in and hope that together we can make a
always wanted to attend a Dappers Day in Disneyland! I hope you have a lot of fun!
in siyah beyaz hali
Good Time
ben
Cruss,
i love you more
Shout out to for my biggest order yet! Hope your crew loves their bracelets
DM me for customs!
That's rude Doug
Thanks ... just got one
Sunday spin at
a baddie in my avi
Congrats pal. Keep up the good work!
Thanks MG
Used to love Jaqueline Wilson as a kid, many memories
It was lovely to see you! Maybe next time actually get to chat!
New Shirts for the kiddos I'm very much in the mood for sewing projects and this jersey
Grab your cocoa and blankets
Just don't give up on having expectations in your friendships expectations are a healthy part of
Btw, the cover story on climate chnge in the you sent me was superb. Thank you for that
Para
In bed watching This Is Us I'm living it up sis
Goodluck sa exam mo, Rhaiven. I know you can do it! thankyou anon!
I love my letterbox and the flag to tell the mailman that post to be collected
Which chai are you? Pumpkin, gingerbread or good 'ole vanilla?
He says thanks!
Good morning
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
Happy 32 Birthday to Me!!
Hope I have to spit in nobody face for the fluke shit
Po fo
On the words of Tina Turner, Simply the best....better than all the rest
Aww this has made my day.
Thanks, Steve
Dustin was my artist.
Is this Spectacular?!
Excuse me, could you please tell me where is the location of both photos?
Thank you
Please hold all of Christmas until after Remembrance Day
I like that picture
So beautiful
Have another blessed week everyone. Stay safe and sound.
Good morning!
aww thanks friend
Vote for Sree
Yep Chloe is amazing and so happy she got her own standalone game
pretty!!. I hope okay & well!
Too cute my friend.
My birthday gift, from me to you, on my birthday lo all I ask is that you share it FREE
Just a Chill'n this Sunday Afternoon
GOOD MORNING!
Hello there
Ya right but still good
Hope you had a good Sunday!!! It has gone by so fast! Have a good evening!
Have a great Monday!!!
Goodmorning
Right? We see it slowly in places. This was impressive news
This made me smile! RT 3 shows down, 1 to go at
Hehe thanks
Bismillah... start the monday!
Lol I think I get it but not sure. But thank you
How about how good it tastes?
I'll set up a few artists for you to listen to
worked until now, so
memories 2018. Discovery mirror universe uniform.
Thank you
I need to go to Sweden to be with the rest of my brotheren
That's ironic considering that not long after that I was worried I might literally pass out. But yeah it's a good pic.
thanks! Well I do try! But it doesn't always work tho! Boo!
Xxxxx
Thanks!
Aaaww, shucks, c'mon, you're gonna make us blush!
done and done
"euheuheuh euheuheuheuh euh euh euhe" - Sans Undertale
hes so inspirational! remember to live by that moto!
Good morning KaSuper
... and can I get a follow back ?
Tara mcdo, my treat Woah! Dm.
Congratulations!! Enjoy
Thank god for that I thought you were trying to give me a bad name on here
Domingo
Get my hair done Saturday
Well maybe we should make it a little less uneventful been pretty good, thanks
Well done!
I do Doug, i'm off Doug goodnight my friend
Much
Taking Mamacita to dinner at Black and Blue tonight. gonna love it
Yeah it's for real and it's been two weeks now
Look at that smile
Added you back.
Thanks
Wish YOU all the BEST this season Inshaa'allah
A voz do suga a voz da vdd
Awww hello
Planeando los tamales
I can't say I blame them, it looks delicious...
So happy to have had the chance to catch up a bit, Beth!
Got on main first time thanks
Beautiful badasses in (and out of) uniform (30 Photos)
I was actually going to say something; but, they turned out to be twat waffles; so...enjoy your bedbugs you hipster fucks!!
Gorgeous little girlies
Paselfie-selfie lang ako but I still feel exhausted.
Good morning, anyway.
Best response
Loved my very first acro yoga session
it took 11 days for me to get spit up on
Sport :) Elina, :) 6-3, 6-3 :) XXXXX,Eli Smile
I'm very happy with
Hmmmm that's true
bless up everyone!
Sounds really good! I'll give it a try
One week until back at my favorite place. A show. Heyyy KB how does one get to say hi to you?
Hello lovely! I'm exhausted to be fair... In the past two weeks I only had 4 days off... New
Binance Coin $BNB price: $9.80
We checked! Binance registration is currently open
Outfit of the day
Dolman Tunic $30
Velvet Pencil Skirt $20
Thankyou
Thank you
AWWWW
anyways, here's a JinBin ship for yall
Good morning, loves!
We hope all of our Physics and Science students have enjoyed a restful holiday. Get a good and come prepared to learn on Monday.
Good to meet you today!
Yup got married earlier this yr
Because he reminds you of a snake you once had in your life?! We can all relate
nice
Good Morning
Ah kone merci
I knew I was special
You can't beat an homemade sausage roll.
you always make me smile you are a pro at creating leena smiles
Possibly
Another sexy pic of Naughty Poppy
She spoils us
Show your love and follow her here
Congratulations
Luckily, being an engineer, I have white coveralls...
Good dreams Champ!
Monday Start the day with a smile
Ok vedrai che bel cambiamento
Good luck to everyone ! Hope I get to win
Hi, don't forget the fact that you also deserve rest!
Thank you
You are absolutely beautiful
Some people just have nothing better to do
welcome
Thank You
An artist and her beloved muses.
Hi Kim awesome! It means a lot to me that been listening absolutely, drop you a message
Desirae Spencer - Naughty at Home
a bag to match your nails
Apologies, I was doing some quick maths and a guess! They are flipping huge though
I used Papago to translate it no worries
Yes, it's big but is a big
Depends.... Fill ins : $25-$30, Full Sets : $40-$45 , Nails&Toes : $50-$60
Good choice. Tell her we can talk archaeology next time we all meet up.
think i just had the longest phone call with my grandma had in years and learned a lot about her. it was nice
bonjour de la france
I'm happy to see you again in the TV news
I wish you an excellent week
I luv when girls complement my nails
Nothing really I have become a personal nurse to my brother
memories 2018. Discovery mirror universe uniform number 2.
She really is
day 9 The prompt was 'Cancer' I'm really happy with this one Credit to for
Why do people get so mad when you spend so much time with your boyfriend like are you jealous that happy
Angry can equal good sex
We see you. And your personal journey of strength and body toning is inspiring, you do you, it looks good!
Nice
My crushes last 0.2 seconds and why gonna be single forever
You're cute
Thank you
Followed you too
Thank you She was so little!
Total magnetic personality!
...
Repost from using repostregramapp -
Tonight's tub time tunes were classic from 1994...and only a pound from
Minsan iniisip ko parin. But at least not losing sleep over it anymore.
Congratulations!
Good things come in small packages
Face mask hair mask & laundry day until work tonight
I think I want that ! please !
u know where to find me when u need me
Heh. Not always!
My Wedding Anniversary is November 17th
Wow
Following
get the rest of my Christmas shopping done & put the rest up to help with books for spring semester
Today is my wife's gday, happy gday hun no one can make 29 years old look better than you baby, can't wait
HAHAHAHAHA baka maiyak ka boss Yes namannn, opo father amen! Noted
Si si ... el
Love it!!
Might frame and hang this one up.
not done reading yet but this is so damn helpful!! Thank you is lucky to have u by her side
Thank you darling , but pls don't reply on the thread :) just RT-Quote
Awww bless you
Thanks so much! This is super helpful to substantiate my stance.
Excellent Leeds gig, superb album. Thanks for the shout out. mum) x
I am feeling blessed today, I can now breath and relax coz finally I fixed the issue that was bothering me..
i'm sure you do, regardless it was her wedding and her choice of music, so why ppl so pressed over it?
here is the tweet I was speaking of.
Beautiful
His adorableness factor is off the charts.
Bonne nuit tout l ' monde ;-)
The more i trust, the more it hurts
happy birthday buddy, hope you have a great day
Harry Potter, chicken wings, and beers with my Dad, what more could I ask for
One thing about those tables
Ily too
New vid going up so excited to be posting for again
Spoiling myself tonight
Thanks to dole.fruits naturesownbread chipsahoy
What a beautiful Sunday Hope everyone is enjoying their day today. Take some time for some well needed rest and
Priscilla & hector aren't there it's not Fenty Beauty Yusef isn't there also
What was the title of the article? I may be able to find it online?
You are too kind... but thank you
But this still one of my fave
I think so too!
Gimme a few hours maybe
When drunk asf I smile a lot
You welcome
Like this evening
welcome
Well you should just send it to ME and decide
I loved it I wanna see it again
Ah okay
wait !!!!
Being followed by more and more pharmacists - what can do to help u ?
I hope he is very kind and handsome
That's a good idea It will be cool if K-MooMoos could help us
Hands up for Worlds Apart!
Por fin en casa y Heladito
After loss they need to still and garagefishtown and what
whats yours will find you
That's a nice looking floor.
And you two were cute as well.
you're welcome.
Amen to that hope the voice is still holding out
Date nights night off
be waiting.
4493 Woodcock has got a big chip in it a Zimo chip thanks to for having one on your stand today at
welcome Paul. You and your perfectionism! really good , all your sketches are. You
You've given me an idea
Goodnight!
Rica ederim
I always feel like North Carolina trips bring us closer
I know. So adorable and at one point he looked like he was smiling such a gorgeous boy
My Car Is So Cute
the ancient theatre of Ohrid
Thank you so much I really appreciate you.
Thats why i chose to be a nurse. To help others
Oh good lord.
use the other 3 letters, but your dad might read this.
Think i finally made up my mind on what school switching too it is
Thank you! Super lucky to get a second chance to see this show and my favourite
After loss they need to still and garagefishtown and what
I love it he recognizes true talent.
The best 2 meals sex and food
by celebrating with a friends
Have a nice day!
Can you also add me on it Sammi? appreciate it! I totally understand if you
God bless today!
Thanks Al
ok I will try it
Wow! real talent. Future artist now.
At Funtime, we have something fun for everyone!
Dedicated Toddler area
Three tier maze
Slides
Jumping
Evolution is a powerful thing, Shane the rest of humanity is taking so long to catch up
Is that always thing? Short, simple & happy
Ha ha no one I know
Claro, vamos
Goodmorning
No idea I actually wanted to put this one but didn't realize that I messed up sorry
and
Did he do a Mike Skinner and wear a Blues shirt?
Lol.. and length
Oh wow, thank you so much I am blown
I'll gladly tell him to fuck off for you
Bro this weather right now has me BIG HAPPY
And Amen, sister, and Amen!
I guess bring liberty to the fair
Non non non on reste calme ...
Cute. I also call Peter my little man.
it and always to Motley Crue, Kickstart my heart
Proud of you
so good at acting about how I feel
I will happy when my dear people happy I U Teahyungaaaaaa
been a while since I tweeted on here but taken some time away from writing but back and ready to regularly update again
Phew ...another market weekend done and dusted !
Weekend coming up will be at :
Gatley -
Good morning!
Ready to go home next weekend
Ha yeas, we've had this conversation before. You are right though, I'm.never really happy.
Thanks Shaun! I tried!
I don't promote violence, but at the end Lil' Sis took a boxer's stance.
This is what I'm talking about! Almost 50 likes!
wait
Chicks bring out my inner a.d.d. (96 Photos)
Thanks for sharing
Emma Blackery gig was SO good!! I love her even more if that's possible
Yes, I think it would look better if he parted it differently, but still handsome for sure
memories 2018. DS9 my favourite Trek.
Exactly that's why I love it. Tomorrow morning should be awesome too
Goodmorning
Ok ready for playlist after crying all day yesterday I wonder what new messages teach us now
Good Morning!
Great name.
Shame. use it as it leaves us open to making stuff up. Oh well, it was a good day it
Nope, not yet. Soon tho.
curious to know what review on pls tell me
Goodnight Everyone!
Congratulations Taetae! May all your dreams come true
I already got cica-care gel sheets and wear them, but still looking for alternatives so I will use them all thank you!
- i really know you. you can give my song a listen
Thank you! I misspelled his name. Eeeeek!
TAE amando las pinturas
Con ese gorrito parece un pintor muy famoso
Xbox please
I agree it happens all the time
So happy for you
Early birthday gift for myself wish I could wear it while watching and the entire squad win worlds!
New (1:1300)
Cell Phone Camera Lens 5 in 1 Kit with Travel Bag and Firmly Soft Clip, See Your
Enjoy the gin
Alright aunty
Slept for 15 hours
memories 2018. Transporter pad. Beam me up!!
Dont bring me up in none of yall conversation im living and looking great thanks
I loved his smile .
You saw me on selca day but deal hehe. I'll be waiting
Aww you guys are getting me in my feelings Blessings upon blessings
Yo no queria, pero bueno
Pozitif video izlerken zaten
try to always answer
New header
Eleanor was so beautiful. She still remains an "under the radar" Classic star but she's one of my faves.
Ache to ap ho.
Good morning
hi cant get message on here at mo
jess say the same i think we both sound awesome
Please can we keep totally charming
And this..
Not now but soon
awesome. Count me in as a viewer
You know something
Oh yeah. A few times
Love the iPhone cover
I been a different type of happy swear
Did someone break in?
Friendly reminder to make yourself proud. You deserve it!
RIGHT! Show in a night club
Mowning... It's nice to sleep early and woke up so early! Rise and shine!
has sent me down a Damien Escobar rabbit hole. I have no regrets.
Beautiful lady boots
Nah it's cute
funksalsaurban with get_repost
TONIGHT...an all new
w/ the & their
thank you
Thankyou my friend. So kind
Thank you idol! Godbless din
Good Morning to the woman who inspires me everyday Have an amazing day ahead po Ate Take care and always
Baby teri smile priceless karda ae menu impress
But we have nice kits
me too
If anyone knows of good tattoo places please lmk
Thanks
Aww he is so precious Congratulations!!
and to you
You can ask me anything over here:
Awwwwww... thank you Mermaid
We sure did! Thank you!
Absolutely. Just let me know which you will be at
Thank Ry!!!
so glad you get some time sightseeing around paris, wish you'll go to many more wonderful places, so gorgeous!
My detox starts again tomorrow
Thank you! . He was a very sweet man that loved people and saw the good in everything. Like
Butter is okay
i hope to win
Congrats Boss!
there is no such thing as well
Thanks for giving me a new goal. I'm going to tell my therapist- I'm gonna learn how to ramble
Since 2016 until now crush gihapon tikaaa thank you for inspiring us sir tj!
Thanks soo much sweetie!
Oct. 26
Thank you!
Thank you. You as well
I rewound it to watch it again. Made me beam.
For those who seen the movie, curious to know review on pls tell me
Does 11.2.6 benefit from the tool update? Thank you love
Thank you for the beauty your bring to Twitter.
Ah, thank you for saying that!
I'm working tomorrow and then I'll have a couple of days off, I'll try to rest Thank you for your
aw babe the best! so happy
LOL My aunt brought me these from her trip to India and I absolutely Love them..... Thank you
Thinking we can go live with MapleStory 2 later tonight like to just hang out and chill!~
Will keep you updated on a time
If you consider me your friend you could atleast be a good one
Lovely! That's my friend from school's place
Anyway, thank you for putting up with me on my adventures. Hope you liked at least a little bit of it too
Interested partners
His disapproval rating is higher than his approval rating. They didn't make a mistake
I know
Happy Ursula K. LeGuin's Birthday, friends.
I'm going to go be the weirdest mom in the grocery store. Celebrate in your own way.
My recent work has me extremely creative lately. Expect a lot more like this in the near future
Thanks DJ
Thank you
Thank you
Your dad is so handsome and lovable
Hehehehe!
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Well said keep pushing, almost their
Awe come on hate is such a strong word In all fairness Perdue had a great game but hate on my Buckeyes
Renee, you are such a delight! I love your wonderful energy
I gotta go in to work for a minute ima text
we kiss we fuck we fuss we we we laugh we promise
hello monday
How little you know me...
The breakfast club on Netflix
Jwu goodmorning
After few weeks break, I'm coming back for my flexibility
Not anyone could possibly find me on that photo lol
Thanks!
Thank u bert
I literally think about streaming all the time. It has consumed my life and... I'm okay with that
Good morning
See you patients
feeling my 24 inches
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
goodmorning
Of course! Go for it
Watching them in the comfort of your own home is better. Safer, anyway
funny watching
Outstanding job team, this put a tear in my eye, this is why we do it!
Loads more smiles to come
Loool mad up but yea why not
so i decided to open my FB and godly posts all over the feed heaven
Hapit na November.
Pauline and Mathilde are making their claim for Queens of Hump Day (28 Photos)
been receiving messages since this morning and this made my morning instantly. Thank you!
I saw some last week in my local Tesco
Jr . Need To Come Home So I Can Put On His Jersey .
Nighty night
Makes the two of us then... Want some vodka? Las las, we'll be fine.
cheers for the follow treacle Hope ya well xx
I hope happy I wish you all the best in this world, I know you deserve it. iKONICs are so thankful to
That was a really well shot film and excellent documentary
I look at my phone once
Well done
so glad you got some time sightseeing around paris, wish you'll go to many more wonderful places of art, so gorgeous!
Your smile is so beautiful, happy birthday
Good watching it
good luck on your placement next week girly! do great
Monday
thanks Kinyyyyy
dying my hair back to black, I need to feel like me.
Choosing winners today !!!!!!
I hope your day has been amazing. Thank you
Oh darling. go fuck yourself
My first attempt at a pumpkin carving
My first attempt at a
Agreed but phir bhee
But honestly not going to do it reason why one so this next venture is going to be ours together again build together
Dunni... share this now
Freddy Mercury was a fantastic musician
Thanks Ruth!
Keep rocking hero.... All the UK is proud of ur acting and u
is awesome!
welcome
Whoop be there at 645!
Thank you
Ops...
Sir, can you also come up with a similar solution for the Sind Government? Much appreciated
A song from God papi..
Remember:
God will make a way
Where there seems to be no way
He works in
Watching on
was sooo intense
That sounds lovely.
Oh, that'd be good. That'd be great, actually!
I can roost corn with just a lighter...
So,call me "The Cornlighter"
Thanks for RTing my Medium page!
Hi kambal thankyou sa motivation
Once I like something, I MEAN, and annoy you
Is that why I like it so much? I like forgetting about the problems of the world!
I guess I can
Merci beaucoup
Tolles Team
hola y usted cuando piensa venir a Argentina?
Awww, pshaw. How sweet.
Awww.
This the only reason i keep social media, shit like this that brightens up my day love whoever made this.
goodmorning
Can't wait for Happy fundraising
Hopefully!!!
London roads. Old but Gold.
Agree 1000%Susannah and I believe you hit the nail on the head ..Great thinking
Really looking forward to this
Happy Birthday Andoy!
This is how tryna be
hihihi love wins
I hope u read my tweets.... all my tweets are only for u hero
Met you in SF yesterday.
Merci. C'est tres bien
gonna put your picture next to the definition of tennis
Smiling Face With Smiling Eyes
Thank you
Pls turn your back lemme check something
GoodMorning
avec le Stifon
Good morning tweeps! start our day with a good vibes! have a great day!
Smile Happy Sunday friends!!!
.
.
.
.
.
.
Check out today's video if you haven't already look absolutely beautiful.
Well it sure has been a relaxing day for me video chatted my cousin for ever lol, had a nice long bath and then
a pleasure
offer to pay half and half too
memories 2018. Enterprise bridge.
Now, four chances to crash the party
We happy for you
I probably killed myself by now if I such a pussy
How are you so flawless! Lol not fair
I mean they're cute
Thankfully, no last time I went was 5 seasons ago
Snapchat saw it first
Sounds like a plan to me Zay is napping rn & watching a scary movie lol
Hello, new Twitter.
Big time mood. Shout out my favorite public figure
from
Tattoos all over aren't a good look luckily it's just an edit bro
You got this, tv be nice to you
what my 18 year old son always says! You young kids are teaching us older folks a good lesson
Thanks and enjoy you dinner
continue tweeting and respond to my messages lol.. not like waiting or anything......
Preentreno listo!
Otw to school
In December a year
thank you boo. i know you know my struggles more than most so you know what this means to me
Happy Birthday ryshh God Bless You IMY
Looking forward to it
Thank you
Good job there's BBC iPlayer.
You don't have to, if you don't feel it.
well i guess ur just gonna have to continue to watch as many videos until u tell me the mistake
Following
We happy for you
What kind of phone is that?
Took my metal detector to the beach and found something squishy (Video)
Thanks grace.. glad gotten close this year :)
Thank you!
- Just as I planned See, a great father!
Lol
Falcon Jr, Falconette and Baby Eagle. Great kids, am I right?
This video is taking me a while so I hope you like it
Awww Lls but tell your mom I said hi
We happy for you
Happy happy birthday BI!! You work so hard for your group, for your fans and for yourself, take it easy today boy
Queer and
Good morning.
Beautiful Smile Too Cute Miss You On News4SA & SA Living
Crc muito boa no free fire hj
This is a fabulous idea! Thank you!
Great! Finally someone planning to go to Rome! Cause my plan is also Rome
Scenes from Fonta Flora. Our new Fonta Flora Brewery at Whippoorwill Farm
Size matter how you preform that matters. sure you a Penn will be fantastic as always
No no no....
Visit not brought
Thanks for making this happen!! I'll definitely be buying some jars once they're available to replace my ramekin stash
Ha HA HAHAHA HAHAHA AHA.
Thank you
About as authentic as you
thanks, a
Tiffany Young guessed no problem watch her play
There's always a first time for everything. Charge to experience!
Thank You
Featuring Sormzy?
Thanks for making me cum
NP
Glad u enjoyed the meal I brought u
holding me & in rapt attention
Con SWAG se Nace!!
Y sino a
Thanks so much
jadi army pas era dna .
paling suka bgt foto ini
Music can make me feel good!
thank you
it is sure going to be a fun . Enjoy Ben.
3 hours of sleep. Ahihi, goodmorning!
And bolsonaro
Buenas tardes
I love the action in the video
i want to thank you guys for not leaving. lets continue walking with him
Jeez! This is some giveaway prize! good luck all!
Awwww Patty miss me
A lovely bit of late afternoon sunshine on Orrest Head above Windermere today
No
John f Kennedy. He must have been a great person.
I should imagine horrible but lovely
My all time favorite is acoustic But I loved Extra Pale live! Robby just rocked it!
I want to hug my dear friend
One of the many reasons I love this time of year - lutefisk dinners with my dad.
Why thank you
Told grandpa to pick a watch that he likes and buy it.
California voting registration deadline is tomorrow
I know how you feel, at least got it on the red button. See you Friday..... some of you, anyway
This. Thank you.
So pleased to hear you enjoyed the book.
Kleiner leak von treyarch wo sie payload konstruiert haben
take C. The match between those two would be a thrilling high spot festival
be gay Become straight Date a woman do what is acceptable in society
Thank you for accepting me
Glad you saw it too Season 2 of Timeless is out on DVD
Girl got some moves
Ok Cate! Nice to meet you
*sighs* Thank you, Brian, for sharing your wonderful words with us.
carayyy!!! Enserio??
Caldo de ervilha
Not the smartest plan for today but at least I got to see these cuties at the earth dog trial
It only gets stronger with time
Thanks Sam
I agree it's great
Hey sweetheart I am really good thank you very much for asking how are you? All good I hope? x x miss you already.
Thanks
Omg YESSSS I can't wait to watch!! Husband has to study tomorrow so I'm gonna watch it while he does that
What an amazing day! I'm ear to ear seeing my F1 hero win in America today Congrats
Throwing a Halloween party Oct.27
Lmk if like the address. Edmond OK.
12 hours ago w/ ma youth pips
Good idea, got a week off in November and November is a good time for a Twilight marathon I think.
Merci
Original picture if you ask
writing a thesis on these women right now and would love if Joan and Susie could get in touch with me!
Goodmorning Dei-Dei
Goodmorning Everyone
Will catch up tomorrow.
Was too busy today
wait
Congrats to Sofia! What a great end to Looking forward to the this afternoon
I get him outta my mind , then he texts me
I didn't choose the latter. I decided not to choose the latter.
Thank you so much to Flying Fluskey who is another New Friend on Twitter! I hope you enjoy my Tweets
Thank you!
I'm so glad for you TaeTae you deserve all of the most happiness in this world as a student of
been a long time since I actually felt this good
Facts
I strive to be the teacher that makes students excited to come to class.
Thank you! x
But anyways yay for healthy eating babies.
No problem at all! happy to
We really do, and maybe tequila, I hate that I love it. thank you though, be visiting more for sure
So happy you were first through to next week well done and your performance was amazing
so many of the problems are created by themselves
i have postcard and am interested in trading for if still available!!
IG:
God Bless you te
Does someone want to get me a baby blue Xbox one controller
Goodmorning
Thank You, I sure am
Keep voting our girls on AAA,!
were in rank we have few days left.. until oct. 31..keep fighting merrysfor
Good morning! Today's another day!
Babysitting Jamar and London
Don't think You have a dj for the upcoming event make I get you one
Yuuup, can imagine that!...
Awesomeness.
You have niggas I could have bitches tho
it's so much harder to talk at the panel with everyone else there
in the arms of Morpheus
From
Lazy sunday morning.
Lawless lawyer
Update: going to fail the test bc of the math !!!!
Someone will since you are art too
Amen . Thank you
Thanks so much!! Hope you enjoy my videos would be awesome to meet you at a convention sometime
wait
Good Morning cubao ibabaw!
I wish my anti-psychotic med also, while making me happy, made it so that no one could penetrate that shield and bring my mood down ever
I'm a melancholic - according to the test result!
the day out for all the nutters today.
Glad you had a lovely weekend
Thanks for the !! Time to get cooking
Thanks Danny
Om nom nom nom. Delicious. Perfect for my Sunday. Hope y'all are having a great one!
Awesome pic
It's an amazing story about a humble hero
I am having a blast!
Some people just need to relax and enjoy the ride
So this is what it feels like to not have a hangover the next morning after going out Who knew hahahahaha
Good win for the Lions
direct aux bahamas
Have a great and blessed week ahead, my loves Stay happy.
GOD always got you. Always.
Yesssss
I certainly think so!
Happy birthday pip
Shucks. T'weren't nuthin'.
Nite nite Poldarks !! see you onscreen soon! Can't wait
So happy you were first through to next week well done and your performance was amazing xxx
Swaggin and goofin around with my babies on my bday, love you guys si much
I am very pleased that Moves is Number one in the Single Charts
Thank you Lord for today!
Number 2 for your phone. You can get the full resolution by DM ING your email if you like
Day 21 - Drain
I had a circular space, so I ran with it. I hope everyone is having a lovely Sunday
Thank you for being this awesome. And sexy ofcourse
I hope you have a great night JJ, sweetest dreams for you when the time comes my friend
Me when 22
Happy birthday BI..
Shouldn't that be "if" he wins? We don't know what will happen in the long run!
Si, homenajeadamente.
Good! Now get some rest
Thank you. I've never seen this before. Thank you Tom.
on this day 4 years ago
Great pic
A very happy birthday to you
So glad to hear that, Hope!! Thanks for coming, and hopefully see you again soon!
Thanks for the follow David, I just followed back
WAIT! HOLD UP!
The website's up for next year
your lack of understanding concerns me but ok because your opinion is irrelevant
Don't know how you do it!
You know it Alli... you too!!
I was busy
Oh no problem
check out and work
Triste realidad
Proud noob here
I have 5 minutes
Just noticed that has been liking my tweets the past few nights. Thanks
thanks again for the skin
Those sort of people can go and suck their mums
You're very welcome love you
Good morning Monday!
So glad to hear you enjoyed our show, Emma! Hopefully see you again soon!
Finally unbanned
Soon be time for you to jet back to the UK for cant wait to meet you there
JAJAJAJAJAJ es hermoso
Also gonna follow some on here since so cute
Good morning loves! Rise and shine Today is another day. Don't forget to stay positive and smile your worries away.
Thanks, guys! celebrating friendship
Beautiful.
No kidding.
Time to turn the heat on and cuddle up under some blankets, my favorite time of the year.
Pleeeaasse I had already planned in my head that I was going to go after the exam! Now we can go together
can you check your dms please?
Do you like mythology? What mythological creature do you prefer? Oo.Aphrodite kay goddes of love and beauty
Merci beaucoup
Thanks
sixteen days without splashing cum
This is the result
Thanks so much for the kind words - so glad to hear that! Hopefully see you again soon!
I just did follow some. I actually got 30 followers from that tweet because 1 of my 2 followers retweeted it! Great guy!
Cute!
Thank you xx
This is dope
Thanks Julie, you have some really lovely things in your shop window
Guys if I followed you back, please let me know
Thanks
Thank You/Shukran
Great job Treaters.
Excellente initiative
nothing like a section 8 EBT booty
Thanks
I'm gonna review your juices to
Texas Rocks come Monday Trump & Cruz on the same stage big event even a tailgate party
wait
Anything you worship is a "god". There is only one "Big G" God, true.
Last regular season home games! Pink out Tuesday and Senior Day in Saturday.
Attention Seeking Syndrome
Yeah I saw all the pics and videos. So cute. xx
Allah nasip ederse
I think had got better and better with ever season. Thank you all involved
Plenty of tasty veg with our roasts Thanks for sharing kellyfreeborn
I love the 'I've fallen and can't get up' moment.
No Limit.
Much love DEATH BEFORE DISHONOR.
Just had a read and just what I needed. Makes sense
Good to see you again!
still hoping for IG nite w/ rocket IPA
I'm so thrilled for Kimi!
Grace and Peace
GIMMIE MONEY RIGHT NOW................. please
Not yet but I am sure all will become clear soon
Yes, ta for asking
He spent months in hospital, still has regularly physio/OT and
Home
Thank You
My new notebooks. The brown for my personal journal and the red for my bullet journal. Love them.
I hate it when that happens. But the important thing is you got to enjoy it.
I have zero planets in Cancer
For sure xx
fav track off mono
Thank You
Adorable! I could use a few of these around our place
Hi beautiful
And my bad it was called the wild rock
Back from sending someone to KL Sentral for an early morning flight to Singapore. Popped some pills and I'm back in bed.
See you soon.
The world would be such a better place if people CHECKED FACTS BEFORE SAYING SHIT
Glad to be here!
looking at your tweets, ready at any given moment be back in Houston Wednesday night
Wearing my fancy new wool socks from Ireland!
Start your day with a smile.
woula un bon et on
What qualities qualifies one to be an
Yes! You go girl - can't wait for season 3
Can spend in two days but make last me for a week
every OTHER Friday? Once a month? Nobody got the money for every damn Friday but I like this idea
I just watched too! What a great game, 2 bad that happen this year
This tweet, "skizyman hasn't been tweeted more than 0 times.
All he gotta do is go to jail or the military. get a bunch of
can't enter online for comp in morning anyone else having problems x
Good night
gets you around for Heres the coupon code MIGUELT10 NorthCarolina
You look fantastic
Happy Monday!
Its my pleasure
Relax! We've got you covered!
I needed this day
Is he a West Brom fan?
PS - Hope your daughter is ok
22, 2018 at
Who hasn't been in bar fights? Am I right? That lone hero myth goes to 11. I've seen the movies.
What qualities qualify one to be an
Anyone have any luck today? It was honestly my favorite community day yet
Thank you for the follow
happy birthday Nic!! I hope having a great day
Did you get to explore and sightsee before sims camp?
Aww wait
Don't feel bad! There are still tons of people who enjoy you and your content
a big ass baby, i know. I honestly care either
Biggest Sale of the Year.
ORDER HERE:
Absolute for your family members
Why not? Send me invite.
Hope everyone's having a good Sunday! If not, sending good vibes your way.
That's very cool.
We have one also and tons of games!
My pleasure. so happy you like them.
Calls a 4 time world champion average. Man, cancel your internet contract to make the world a better place.
Your welcome
Amazing night teaching These amazing ladies have it their all. Same time next week
I love you right back. Come on...
Hi Valerie hope your having a wonderful weekend
Thanks, Pete. There were SO. MANY. HILLS. I'm just not used to them! But the weather was great!
Joey really know how to enjoy his Cheat Day after eating clean for 6 days! Back on track
You want sex so bad, you can get fucked in jail sweetie
Happy Birthday Luke wish you all the best
I have a feeling just jealous because Zayn is a successful and they know they will never have a chance
This was so cute.
0101
Dm-ed you!! Check dm
The silver one is Loey and the other is Nix! What about
Hula hoops are the gifts that keep on giving (Video)
If you don't accept that trans people exist, please kindly unfollow/block me.
Stop by Section 131 to find out!
Only on Twitter.
Congratulations to on winning two awards at 2018
Best
You're welcome
Happy Labour Day today. Enjoy the long weekend in the sunshine. Holiday weekend. Auckland, New Zealand
Yup. And yes of course
oooh shucks, c'mon, you're gonna make us blush!!!
Thanks Neci
Thank you savage!
Carole Malone I think is good
hey
Wher is the closest restroom. a twofer right there!
Enjoyed a day out of the classroom hanging with puppies
Joey really knows how to enjoy his Cheat Day after eating clean for 6 days! Back on track
Just waiting for the location drop to get dressed
Only want one person
Sweet dreams.
Goodmorningg
The inversion was worth it
This is the cutest thing ever seen
new layout
so excited to laugh until my stomach hurts
happy birthday hope your day is as great at you are.
Heyyyyyy there goes meee lol
You should celebrate.
You have an interesting art style.I like what I've seen so far.I am also an artist im a bit
I miss my man let me go home
Sweet dreams all back on insta back on tour next week then panto club Tropicana happy days
aurait pu s'appeler et
Yes chris i was shot when i was 13 and im here today thanks to oscar. Was in a coma for a long time and pulled through
Good Morning
Good to know It's been crazy... Completely hectic... But new people started so it will ease up,
Thanks very much
With my wireless forever buddy.
Good evening
The interior of in -
Roundel/round things on two walls and the back of both
Time to enjoy myself ftb
thank you
Thank you, Jamie!
Good night John.
so proud of myself for pacing myself this trip!!! besides a bit of congestion i feel pretty good.
It's a great band, all the songs are beautiful
show them up in the end
Fortunately I have family that drive a few hours to help me whenever needed
Having a late meal of cheese on toast
ask them first
YOU WILL BE FINE
YOU WILL BE GREAT
YOU WILL
YOU WILL MAKE IT
YOU WILL BE HAPPY
IN JESUS NAME!
Well deserved!!
Thumbnail for
Please please RT!
DM me for one!
via
Awsome Well, I will travel from Hungary for Ermal
The Egyptian Ass Queen
follow and retweet
Follow back homie?
buenas noches, buenas noches, buenas nocheeeeeeeees
Thank you
it's been so great to see you on and represent us brown people. Congrats, you absolutely killed it
hope that get the chance to see the truth in them
Honestly, this movie was incredible, a bit of every emotion... I loved Ollys American accent is there anything
Mr. mosquito chose well though
Awkward thumb girl is secretly gorgeous (14 Photos)
Most welcome
Yeah right.
tyvm x asap!
Bro... That shit belongs to the past... Hackers have military graded security !
Your very welcome
Want to read more about discipline? the article that we used to get inspired
get you a thick girl for this cold winter approaching
So cute and adorable! On a scale of 1 to 10, Amy is a billion.
+ sorriso
- brigas
Mommy, Daddy. Don't you know?
You lost your daughter years ago
Yay , making my birthday plans and excited
Before & after Time keeps marching on. I took this prophetic picture in 2015 & again today at
Follow my private if we interact
Hope touring has been amazing and continues to be
Our new apartment is so cute
He/she gets down on his/her KNEES!
No problem ! Excuse me
Good afternoon Repeat after
Thanks girl
Today its monday START YOUR DAY WITH A SMILE and a positive Vibes
Lavarrrrnnnn
where can i get one? Wena as my girlfriend ngsakulindile
Good morning Twitter
Lalo na screenshots
Wish I still lived in New York, take you out to lunch
I used to ask myself "am I too needy?", now I dont even need to ask anything from anyone.
Thanks buddy, appreciate it! Enjoy the time off!
Thank you Matt, I appreciate that
I do what I can to feed us both, hehehe This one was so perfect it was unavoidable
Sou a vela oficial rsrsrs
Well i need some more lashes
Sebby: "I am pretty sure that at some point the coin might flip to the other side".
He was also in a better
Happy birthday
Good morning
That too!
Welcome, I joined Twitter in July for the same reasons. Got tired of FB
welcome
bem lindinha eu
happy birthday to me
Goodmorning people!! Have a good day.
Hey Good morning bebe !
How effortless!!! Woww.. Gymnast!!!
Ooooo yes please
You have this person already, Just look carefully
Good morning, Kim Hanbin. You are trending here in PH.
We feel happy when you feel happy You are, after all, the one who has brought happiness to so
see who agreed with you
The photos say in my mind says in London for his birthday with his sister, and also first live
Steak and fries it is
Ofkors...
Happy Monday.
Seeing as you're not a lawyer... Grasping my point may present a challenge on your end. Let's move on. Good morning
When they offer $500 cause the flight is overbooked but you wanna go to work tomorrow anyway
PNHS 48th Foundation Day
Indeed so very successful
Thank you everyone
whaddup
You make me so happy
page has only been up for 4 days now and getting a lot of love Thanks for all of the
Not the mom... just pointing out that very easy ..from the couch.. we all want them to be all the time we?
Oh Merciii !
Je trouve aussi
Tope
Our scheduled and future deliveries will not be affected by any Canada Post strike tomorrow
well nice
Hey, Honey Please take care of yourself and other member. Because i wish i can see you for a long time:')
Merciii Twitter pour les ballons
This team has Super bowl aspirations
Haha Timmy, you'll have to watch this movie Funny
literally
Lovely pics & tweets David
Good
I don't. If people don't like me as I am they can fuck off.
I have two weeks holiday starting tomorrow
Por supuesto
Amazing write up! Thank you this made my day
Thank you
HAPPY MF BIRTHDAY! Hope you getting lit tonight!
we got vegan Parmesan chicken tonight green beans collard greens mashed potatoes tonight .. slight dinner
have to work the register tonight
This made me smile
No problem hopefully it helped you
Little do you know.
Good moooorning tweeps!
Hope there are no no grey ones.
Okay. Auch gut.
It's alright, only a slight burn and I got a wet cloth on it pretty much immediately after it happened
I'm excited too! Never knew experiencing a cb can be this exciting (this is my first cb )
Thank you
I can see your dick print in your video lol swear darn
get dis Solid choice Jeter Farm
Collaborative filtering.
Also, not sure how long been there. just noticed it.
Making and sharing memories with you.
Lmao either I drove last or fine, gonna have to drive to ______ (next
ta bonitinha hein Obgd
My team won today how yours?
Happy to RT some , kindness & into the Twittersphere.
Feel free to do the same....
Aww, that is wonderful! So they passed the love for singing onto you I'll dm you concerning West Side Story
You're welcome
Thanks alexan What a great team we have put together. Maybe that QB we have on staff
cheers for the follow back!
. Con Mami y pasando el Domingo
I have this feeling that something major is about to happen for me. Something good
Thanks.
hug day with elem Working on it!
Thankyou Lord!
I've been itching to work traditionally and make another landscape so why not marry the two? I had fun with this
Hi Timothy, thank you very much for your words! See you next time.
I like coats but my mom said buy me a Canada Goose so imma take that offer
Personality? Yes, indeed. Thank you
Thanks for your encouragement, as always.
It was a fun one! Thanks
Hello ABC Family!
We hope everyone is having a great day
Heyy!
Goodmormiiiiing!!!
How has your Sunday been going? mine has been nice! I saw some friends and went out to brunch, and went to
At leat some rest ! Enjoy it dear Nam Joon ! Paris keeps being sunny in mid-autumn just for you !
You deserve it so much! Couldn't be happier for you!
Fxcking excited for our home date
Me too
What a lovely picture! I miss being in my own garden. Have a wonderful day.
Scott i wear shorts all year round at work
Inv CCeed16 Party
Ian Purdy 2nd place overall in state for freshman boys WVNICA Mountian bike league!
It's been good
Blanche
Who can argue that naked women good to look at
Binge watching game of thrones and eating wings
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
I know why but I kinda like having few followers here on twitter. It makes me feel safe.
my shoes should be here this week
Today is a new day!!!! And that means a new day to vote for Seventeen!! secure a spot in the Top 10 okay?
Buzzing to see this and read the book
Courthouse is 8-5, bassett and sunland park mall is 9-6.
Anna Careenina! My friend came up with that and I'm claiming it
My Grandbaby Boys!!!
the thing is my ex did me bad so i don't want no paper 2... so wena you could make me hapoy
I had too much drink and remember much Kiyomizu-dera
The other day made fun of me for eating string cheese as a snack but what she know is that string cheese slaps
Wow Thanos, beautiful! Lovely pictures, thank you
Gracias
Last night ahan eh
I want you to see this
Cool, the end was awesome
Of course you are watching it. I would expect nothing less from my TV twin.
Much appreciated
Definitely
Goodmorning
Thank you
i'm live streaming so if you want to come hangout or talk feel free to come over
Goodmorming Zach!
Thank you and i hope be nice to me.
Goodmorning
saying: mom, comfy. Can I have
I will have a great shift today
I was actually hoping you would lose
My husband and I already voted
The temptations is on
Why Caleb balling and shit he need to by me some bundles for my birthday
love to order one of these!
hard to be happy for someone when they throw things in your face
Thank you so much
Guys i dont like someone and i have valid reasons is it justified to harrass the shit out of them??
Jimin folder is done! DM or comment here for the link Hobi folder is
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
Hello I hope you had a wonderful visit with your sister.
my niece accepted a job at St Joseph Mercy Hospital. Very proud of her.
thank you ingrid!!I
Free to play
Split date = he pays for one event and I pay for the other
I had a GREAT weekend wish it been longer
so glad the trash took itself out
WOW what a satisfying ending to - More dramas like these please
Of course
Lovely
just some of those little things
Agree! You have my vote
Fact 15: OH........I'm in Untitled
How you spelled is even wrong so go and correct yourself and come back and teach you
Thank you
It is our favourite vampire's day tomorrow
finally happening
Aw thanks!! She's a rowdy little delight!
Tasia turns down anything I ever say or recommend.. it makes me so happy
Dead been watching the ID channel all day . Simple things make me happy
It IS really silence.
You texting me made my night after a rough day at work, I appreciate it
Thanks my sell got hit at 666 sats See you soon
God damn this is epic well done and great job you put on this set love every single detail on armor keep the great work Lae
Looking forward to receiving this at your album signing in a couple of weeks
Rise up, start fresh see the bright opportunity in each day.
Goodmorning.
Thank you God for the gift of life
CAN YOU SLAP HIM/HER FOR ME THX
Howdy ta sweet cheeks you'd be right for sure and a hot one is always better lucky you pleasure chuck xx
And you think Jon bellion is okay with that opinion?
Sounds a little like how I would like every Monday to start thank you
Need a dance choreographer? Message me. Iloilo,Ph area Only.
Thanks for the detailed info!!
Keep 'em coming....
Thanks I didn't know the name of it
This is going to be a great week. I can feel it
Aww, happy anniversary
I love our sleepover weekends. carving a pumpkin was exhausting
Ight number 2 , shoutout to Kim for commenting on sc
Maybe... Hope you feel better too Spanky you got to see our man yesterday, that's something
en
No worries It's all good. Enjoy your day!
We never will work it out, but thx for the advice
She did it again imagine if she got an engagement ring ?
Are we popping bottles?
Filet Mignon on the grill and the Saints on TV. Perfect ending to a busy but great weekend.
Como no voy a creer
Beautiful picture
Salut . Je parle Wolof
Had my spinal fusion over 40 years ago!
Hope you heal quickly and all goes well.
Salve
welcome!
And we respect it in 2018
Now click on new yt video and help me out oomf I need like 100 views
Never really watched Dr Who until now and loving the new series. Was it always this good? Not even seen a Dalek yet!
And the has ended! Good luck to but it would be a treat of won.
mates i like this bro mates
I'm sending you BIG American hugs just know you're loved and supported by 4 amazing women
YO PUEDO SUBIR LO QUE SE ME DE LA GRAN PUTA GANA A TODAS MIS REDES SOCIALES Y YAAAA MALDITOS SAPOSSSSSS JAJAJAJA
starting the haunting of hill house
Okay just lmk if you do
Same to you! Haven't seen you in a bit, hope all is well.
Thanks for the heads up!
Happy birthday dear friend! Hope it's been a great one
Congratulations Sarah
That is so very true
You have the ability to ruin my day & my mood
settle for less people
In your opinion as a Sana stan, what is the most popular ship of her? debut days it was satzu but then had a
If you dont eat your wings with ranch we cant be friends
Live for some Monday Jams and Fun
Come chill with me
We definitely need to go! Thanks for sharing
Elliana did so well out shopping today and I am so proud
Pasen WhatsApp, yo les voy a hablar
Thank you!
Like and Share if you love wearing lipstick
We started watching this since everyone is hyping it up, pretty gooood not gonna lie
Good series and cuddles
You.
goodmorning
As far as I understand it there are no issues
change CAPTIONS
You are very welcome I knew if anyone had a photo it would be Marsar she's so sweet.
I love your smile, niel. Good morning
be greatful
Yes it's that time of year lol..
Keith I message you direct for some reason, could you follow so I can send you a direct message?
easy. You can DM and just tell you. I have traded before
Its my day
Pretinhoo
welcome !
Maori women keeping Maori men on their toes since forever
First time making an eagle and first time beating
If you guys were to receive the best present / gift in the world - what would it be? curious
Thank you boo!
Thank you Jimin I love you
It was a wonderful day for us also!
Cheers Gav, was a great wee afternoon
Of course only wayyyyy
Finding out about quokkas makes me happy. They are also nocturnal. My new spirit animal.
I can't actually !!
The cuteness is too much! She knows what song "she" likes, OK!
YES!! MY PROGRAM WORKS!!!
god im usually awful at this but the work's paying off
Oh I thought its the real zach hahahahahhaha btw goodmorming to you
She says thank you
Ertz came in big for me today on mine!
Thank you
Shadow boxing is amazing for stress relief and feel better after releasing some anger this morning
never need to pack war again
Crystal snow and i love crystal snow
Wavv much good soprano is your title in your grup...
Conratulate to you
Thank you for sharing these beautiful pictures.. hulog ka ng Langit
Chocolate is good too
I get both in one
caramel Mocha is my favorite special coffee
Bollie smiling waiting patiently like a good boy for his bath.
Sushi is always a good idea
If you have any pictures, videos, or snap stories of the wedding, please send them to me.
a simple person. If you post message threads on your day/story, imute tika
Most welcome
.... and if he could just hold him under the water for a couple of minutes, that would be lovely
Just comment multiple times following the GA rules
Happy bday el so blessed to have gotten closer with you this year hope you had a great
i went for an early birthday meal yesterday with adrienne and friends, and it was so fun, i managed to talk a lot (for me)
Love it thank you.
Hilda is a amazing show for all ages! 10/10
Well put....
Good morning everyone Had an amazing weekend! Ready to go back to the grind
it's altogether, that already is at a discount since they're each
Sir lui good morning
Some of us over 40 were against it at the time too ....
Hey... iHope Things Are Good W/U... Sending Your Way My Friend...
Sometimes,
Good morning! Thank you, lord.
ok if it takes time for this mountain to be climbed
welcome brother
i shot the pregame field of the skins cowboys game today
God is good. And all the time?
do you want a wallpaper or layout?
This applies to writing, too
THIS IS MY CONFESSION! (In my Usher voice) You can hear my confession on the video so I'll use this space to
So excited to start doing stuff that makes me happy again
aww sweet. Thank you
So beautiful
Now I know. Ty.
Thank you
Gotta catch me before I move son! But be back for the Christmas holiday.
11:11 be happy
You can rest on my shoulder or in my dreams
This is so BEA . . . utiful
You blame me if I have trust issues, di na maihap pila ang ni betray nako this year
Thanks Kevin
god I've been having such a good and relaxing day off
Thank you Mary!
Will do. get to so many these days but will let you know when I do
Anytime
Wow. Amazing! Lovely photography
She is such a cute and beautiful girl
Got the job ! about to have a good Christmas
this.
Tuesday for me too
Mine is American Psycho
I totally agree - great chemistry!
worry. I follow you bc you always comment etc.
Onwards and upwards June
Thank you
let me find out loving wigs since TAE been putting her in the game go sis
My dad is having the best time and the concert even started. I be happier
Right place right time
Bonne nuit toi
Thanks for having us guys! Twas a lot of fun!
Got my drop off/mail in ballot right in front of me.
Researching & filling out.
And...VOTING STRAIGHT
Go Dems Go!!
Apparently this is good for women to also learn - as I discovered during a recent conversation with my daughter.
Oh man! The power of Mandana and Simone I would have forgotten myself around them
But hey
Its here some Ecchi bikini waifus for free
a bloody struggle. But I am sure the outcome will be a very nice one
why we really out here like
/\
| /\
| /\
Hi crush kahit isang notice lang po
Im happy to see that happy i purple you mon amour
Comment or
Much love DEATH BEFORE DISHONOR.
I actually read books that much but glad a legitimate reason for it then they
Posting some of my arts
Honor something you will never understand
Thank you so much Samuel, very grateful you took the time to read!!
Hahaha thank you
Winter is coming..
Yes!
the fair was fun
Lovely
Good morning AldubNation!!!!
Sana HAPPY tayo.. always
Cruise control and driving with your knees the best feeling
LA this weekend excited to go home
sweet of him
Good morning Monday
Looks awesome Cory! Thank you for sharing! We sent you a DM that you definitely will want to read
Thank you I've missed you too really happy to be back
Not gonna smoke a cig today
That sounds like a really good way to cope Angel.
Of course! Thank you
Again chilling with hot coco. Watching and supporting some streamer friends! What are you all doing tonight?
Hey! my blog! Check it out
sa totoo lang i want to be friends with you
Looking to book 1-2 people for photoshoots this weekend. I have an opening
Oh! Sounds like a lot of fun we hope you ladies were able to enjoy a cocktail at Blacktail, always a nice
Another weekend of events in the books and a big thank you to everyone who stopped by!
Good morning
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
me everytime i see on this bird app ewkwejww reaction is too precious
congrats samira! you deserve it!
where I first saw you!
295/365, goodmorning everyone!!
wait to get my pandora bracelet back all clean
you win some, you lose some. it's okay. that how life goes
Oh yeah btw for being my punching bag
I see how the Third World War will not stem off Gender Wars...
No my love, stay away. protect you
Neymar back to Paris
Goodmorning
I got so excited seeing last night
going to be live on younow in 20 minutes! miss it
X Ranked splats with Hosting now!
Feel so good after one of the best showers in the world, might as well go green! Last flight coming up Qantas
Think got used to it but yes feeling better
Merci beaucoup mon bon Alex
Siempre a tu orden bb
soooooo welcome! I believe in you!!!
All you can do is just be yourself (which is hard to do in this world) but just ignore what people say about you
Check DMs
already put my hand up for this - more dnd is best dnd
good morning
Tulog na us byyyy iloveyouuuusomuch
No problemo! Glad to help.
They are quite similar, to be fair
Just like Grandma use to make
RT Have you got that And have you entered our yet? Just share &
Jesse
I chucked him out the exit when the plane took off or better yet, punched him in the throat but
And he is taking it pretty well
ICON $ICX is trading at: $0.70
We checked! Binance registration is currently open
Thanks so much, it is amazing to be part of & promote excellence in care
thanks for the follow Archie, always great to have the support of the Fed!
Sunday funday with her
If Ever feeling blue go there &the. Colors will cheer u up real quick.
Since you're doing drawings I made a crappy aesthetic for you
Fool was suspended before I could see his/her tweet. Good news of the day.
So, I'm going to live in Russia
can I get a follow back? Please
Thank you every day I try to make her proud
Great to see you Rebecca! Thanks for coming!
Finally touched down in Orlando!!
happy birthday! hope you had a lovely one
Spawn of the Devil. What a great name for a movie. Wonder if been done before
Thank you.
Brilliant
Goodmorning.
Having a spa day next weekend can't wait
look at putting my idea in motion
In case you also need a video of a prarie dog eating a peanut
Aww! Tell her the most important thing to me about my running is that I enjoy it
It feels like Mark can be an annoying friend to Mina but he will always be there to make her smile
Although I do look forward to next week
Had one of the best weeks had in a while not ready to go back to college tomorrow
GooooodMorning. 6:12am chat is
Vicar of Dibley of the dog world
"Are you playing Snake in the MGS movie? I WOULD!"
lovely follow thank you
Good mix
Housework all done so hubby has now gone diving for my dinner
Yes I can do it....I HAVE to
Great afternoonthank you
Thanks for coming to the party everyone! Hope you all enjoyed yourselves
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness
I think about 420lb
It was an amazing show! good luck in Paris!
I would love one, would be a special reminder of an amazing day
Thanks for sharing!
AND you posted that at 11:11 which is my favourite time so that's like a double hug!
Thank you very much!
thanks for always putting me in a good mood
I love the Vapr-XKG
I love the name Sydney
I can see you going by it too
Be loving to those who love you.......
Be loving to those who don't love you...
because they may change
Good morning.
Hmm I thought of a aesthetic night sky blue!!
Happy birthday
Spam warning!
I'm super hard to annoy... and I follow a wide variety of people.
Connect with on their Official Twitter BTS Account)
Merci beaucoup, mon cher ami! Bisou, Michelle!
Good vibes lang please.
NO TOXIC THIS WEEK PLEASE TY
Good morning madam walang wattpad update dyan hahahha thank you
No problem thank you for the follow back
been a long time since seen you around, but I hope you know how much I appreciate having you in my life
Good morning
way to school, God bless our finals
I need you to be my surrogate.
Help us sharing your experience on and spread the word about our amazing Thank you!
LOOKING BEAUTIFUL AND HAPPY SHOP DRESSES NOW at or click the link in our profile to
Thank You
I'm sure I'll be back tweeting my reactions.
TY It was meant to bring a bit of a chill
I hope his eyes stay Blue
Congratulations, !
We never know we just have to wait and see!
RADA order checks should be made out to
Katie Hill rally today!
Get you friends that pray for you and with you
Orgulloso de ver una Latina on top of her game!
goodmorning
Thanks for making and her friend s night awesome
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
what you deserve
Bhso unique fe nfsoo, w decent bardo w bhb ashofo 3la altimeline
I do a very good impersonation of a boiling kettle at times
I love sweater weather, the song and the actual weather
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
Thank u Liam! x
Look at you putting my idea into motion
Make sure come out to support these young Kings
i hope you have fun writing it cause if you do i'll also have fun reading it
Do whatever makes you happy ! Life is short !
Get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off your order with
If anyone is interested, get at me
Goodmorning pips
Good morning
Thanks
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
It was great!! Another one off the bucket list
wait till gym tomorrow not long now till international silver champion world
I hope she tired, I like naps
Thank you so much!
Wish me luck. Bismillah
ok
Happy Monday!
Good morning!
A good chicken and dumpling stew of course to warm my cockles
Nah she ever love me . You have a good day too Teosha
No problem
I don't know Pokemon but something cute
Falling up
Like and share if you can
Najveca glupost
Happy Birthday
Great day at round 2 tomorrow
Same here but nowadays it has come down to 4 to 5 hours max
Yup, Streatham's most famous step-siblings
I know
We hold each other down.
Pure sweetness
Hi guys! Looking to buy are cushion covers online? See
Herkimer diamond horseshoe necklace is gift wrapped and shipped and...renewed available on
I'm happy for you baby dreams do come true
Babysitters need to get mentioned bc we both know ur going no option
I got some tix, not sure what day they're for, but I'm praying that I can use them on Saturday in NJ!
Ta faim ?
I adore his smile
happy we got to see him
Of course
Dias de con leche.
It looked so adorable it needs to make friends with needles
Hiling ko lang po e clear mind and good heart.
Good Morning
Two weeks in a row woke up still in my clothes from the night before shoes enoll my ma hates me
Haha that's awesome thank you! I shall give it a go
If I can't get the time off we'll do Christmas in January
Um
Nice view Blair! Smile
Feel so good after one of the best showers in the world, might as well go green! Last flight coming up Qantas
thanks,
first weekend living with heath and i wanted to kill him yet!!
Thank you muchly, Mr Madden! Also, it's been too long! Need a catch up xxx
Added pin to my fave backpack
get you a copy bb
Soldier on young champ
Good luck to you bro, I'll always be here & I'm proud of you!
Pretty sure those are her natural eyes thoo
i will have a presentation on differentiated instruction today. wish me luck
That's so rigth
I'm so happy for you I love you baby
Allah ballah kryy
I'm just pointing out that Kerryn isn't ALP.
Happy customer.
Tomorrow night! I would absolutely love this if you mind
Thank you! I enjoy photo editing. And colors.
Harmony Vision Intense lesbian orgasm threesome
Aww hehe ty ty
Thank you so much Deepam!
It is! I hope i get the book tomorrow so I can at least start it before Thursday.
'... of course we won't win.' Liberal President talking about the forthcoming election.
Thank you
Of Sight.
Much love DEATH BEFORE DISHONOR.
I'm assuming there's another one lined up and ready to play now you've finished both bersy and zesty?
Followed!
Hi crush isang notice lang po
Cool is beautiful
Same
New blog post is up! Please check it out! I would love to hear your thoughts!
Going to play on for some cash game action
That's good! Make sure you roll those positive vibes into the rest of the day treat yourself to some chocolate or cake
It's the smile that matters the most... I had a great Sunday with great memories.
Going to have to come up with a use for it now invented it.
A hacer de estas cositas, yo soy feliz
Morning
in love with my
Can't wait
Happy birthday, Jaye! God bless!
Photosynthesis points for you Jip!!!!
Okay! Go on then, enlighten me. What does it mean in ancient Hebrew?
You are welcome... Be strong for momma.... She will be fine
Thank you onto the other one :-) still have 2 more boxes to go :-)
Black Panther, General Okoye!!!
.
.
My brain go to bed while am still up
I had thought the same thing
Just messing with you
My early Christmas present from Santa WAS JUST WHAT MY NEEDED! 10-21-18
Colorado weather today got me in my (best) feelings
Your welcome
Muito lindo
wi cute thank u !! ily!!
Hmmmm that's an nice hobby
WHOLE TIME I could see
Goodmorning
Lol....thats a long journey on a horse. But thank you. I hope that you are doinv alright.
thank you!
Relationship Goals
Follow us on Youtube
LIVE on - come watch!
Happy Birthday lovely
Vans are pretty cool
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Hoooooi, Dag!
Run a greeting by Ramy & Co when you can? I miss you guys. Leo nonwithstanding.
This is all been thinking about today and I thought be nice to share it
I have the same! He is sleeping next to me
He is
Anytime mate
Sexy fit mature mom rides huge dildo. Hard anal
Story of my life! Take vitamin c tablets
My pleasure chingu~ya....
I just telling the truth
Most likely next year with our new album!
Thank you
- I felt like we should be on a government name status with Dee now
Same. But I'm getting over my mom guilt rather quickly.
good morning
Oh wow really? cool started to do it as well. I find memes funny
Made some groceries for my job. We having a party Tuesday
Well my buddies I have to say thank you to all of you
Words cannot describe the feeling I get when I see
great. allowed to celebrate until this time next year
Oooooooh I thought you were at the first premiere !!! My bad well then yeah, a good surprise !
You were right to say how exquisite it was. Well done my lovely. I'm great, thank you. Hope you're well too? x
People are confidently daft on here, nothing new.
I think u have to much attitude to be a cookie
yes its otter who else then yes.
she sent me a picture of her toes a few weeks ago and they still look the same
I expect it was about tweets tweets, get what I did there I'll see myself out
Went on vacation for 2.5 weeks. get on social media.
Please check your email again, it should be there
Happy Sunday
To Celebrate 10,000 Subscribers, I share 10 Tips on How to Grow on
Thanks Matt! Lovely to hear from you
Sometimes on i go eat brunch with drag queens
I never tire of sunrises and sunsets. Hoping to see meteor shower over the ocean tonight.
Bed weather today
You too!
Had such a lovely day playing disc golf with my today I love having long activity days with her!
Good morning.
Lol so nice
not as nice as you when that happens to me
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off
YALL BETTER DRESS UP OR YOU AINT GETTING IN.
Yes, these are facts
good morning
Acoustic cover all of them
Awwww thanks babe! your the cute one
Woo! lemme know what your IGN is too so I can fav on my list. This way I know which of my friends came from twitter.
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Check out this baby! Our future scientist!!
Merci vous avez encore une chance les playoffs
Thanks Marc
Hope you enjoyed that slushy. I tend to go out my way for people I fw.
aw tysm hope we can become close!
Text me. Please.
Thank you
ZCash $ZEC price is: $125.34
Binance registration is ONLINE! We JUST checked!
Thanks! Hope been well!
Ally
Hitler was just the drug addicted puppet.
Don't forget Dr. Joseph Mengele.
Why do people smoke? maybe because they just want to
It be all worth it wen me time
Wow this liked to many people a simple edit and everyone loved it, thank you
He makes me so happy
Thanks Anna!!
Thanks my back is wrecked.
Meh!
Memories as we were pulling out of Richmond Virginia. Will see you soon.
You can subscribe at
Just have a great match the most important thing Nikki and brie smile going to the all
Look at his smile
Goodmorning
I was thinking it would be so cool if you had your own radio show and we could request songs and send messages so you read them
Can you ever have too many?
Nope... Lol
I feel you!! 25 and still timing is everything! get it! Keep it going!
no, im gonna catch you for be beautiful
Already watching
Am sure it was Falling Angels by Colin Thompson Beautiful story and beautifully told
Tip of the day: Cavities are literally contagious, Watch who be kissing on. Including your children.
Thank you
Emo hour : OPEN
Thank you so much!! so sweet of u
Vos premiers pas avec une experte Pearly J.
Go Pearly
casito alguien??
Suoer maga robada de
No de mi porfi plis
No worries - thanks for playing
Thank you so much
LRT is the motivation i need rn such a huge confidence boost
Today literally get any better
We out here trying to be doctors b
Hello monday
Good morning
here you can have some of my tallness
Our fave sportsperson doing local interviews ahead of FNIA (aka Sunday Night Football) again.
I'm bored and I wanna answer questions so please send them if you want
Goodmorning sunshine
been such a trooper!
I appreciate that she asks everyone for their name
Yes Gill, Kay in Whetstone, North London stocks Sole Bliss!
Say hello to Sean!
don't be homeless buy a house live in it
happy bday hanbini ... always healthy and happy
thank you for all the hard work you have done for iKON and
CatIsidor needs 100 lives
turning up w bae is da besssssst.
Getting close to our goal of $500 dollars. We will be shutting down. Someone else start a pot.
I will send money, hoping you do right
I got my hoodie in the mail today and I'm so happy I love it so much
I do.
Hope all was well for you
Moi non plus
Bloom beautifully like these flowers, dear one.
PS. salamat sa nagpuyo sa amu room nga wala gyud gihilabtan
It's not a requirement to breastfeed here. It simply gives women a space if they prefer a private space
Of course
Awwh. Won't be long and we will be seeing more of each other
Goodnight Everyone
I Hope You Have All Had A Lovely Weekend
Thanks fam.
Lost
Juego de Tronos
Westworld
Breaking Bad
Shameless
PD: Better Call Saul
worry, I will focus on how this Eagles team blows
Deep. Good read.
Morning
Get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off your order with
All The Latest Power Rangers News All In One Place!!!
RANGERS NEWS WITH
Lowkey missing her smile rn
RT Chillaxin with the fur fam Anchorage, Alaska
An entire daddy to a king
just ordered my baby some more minnie mouse stuff for her room , i can't wait
Just as I suspected.
i dont hate no 1 at all from my past present or even further in my future. I wish everyone success and happiness
Happy Sunday
Where are you?
Sounds about right Pink Floyd good song
True I just wish they had more screen time so we can see it
Cats totally rock!!
Absolutely, I keep thinking about it after 3 weeks, and listen to the soundtrack regularly. It was so meaningful
Are you sure? They look too perfect for home made
Another awesome train full of beautiful patriots . Choo Choo
Here we are. Sunday night again *sigh*
Wait. right. fucking off on holiday tomorrow
Followed and retweeted, your DMs are closed
Officially ahead of my draws
Excited about posting tomorrow's
What happened?
Good Morning
Always listen to your music when I drive to work thank you so much for such wonderful work, its helped me a lot
Sorry. I'll dial it back
Just what I need at the end of the weekend!
Picked the date for precisely this reason!
this please
Happy anniversary to you both
I only remember things that are important
Loyalty is rare. If you find it, keep it.
Be patient! Mid sem is just around the corner.
NEW (10/21/18)
Charlie stops to meet a lucky fan in Mexico.
& make me a song while at it.
Selamat pagi
right now
Thank you so much, coach!
Bday festivities start next weekend
Don't worry about that bruh bruh as we will be blocked liked & unliked we will be followed &
Goodld morning
To cheio de amor pra dar
Thank you. This will be the first year of competing these investigations. We did a few last year and it worked well
You are but am talking about the pic !
I want some cute sweatsuits tryna be comfortable all winter
Aww, I really appreciate that, Anastasia. Thank you.
Sem legenda
Good night Andy
Thank you!
Thank you
The light shines bright on the \
Been listening to for yearsssssss
This is the first time seen ketchup.
Shes batshit crazy that one, thanks for the heads up going to look now.
I wanna go to a haunted house and I wanna see Halloween
Ennn sevdigim Winnie the Pooh cizgi filmi Simdi Turkce alt yazili
I'm happy -
Thankyou so much. Praying for your dear friend Pastor Dale.
||: And you'd be correct.
"mis dice
Es fan que nosotrxs
Lots of nice places in Scotland, so you're guaranteed a fabulous view try forest holidays, or visit
Just some things Venom likes to eat
Good morning
Ehehe, thank you!
Wonderful!!! Thank you
Baby shower cake for a friend of a friend Congrats, mama!
Hi sweetie ND moved into 3rd place in the Rankings. Onward and upward
NEW (10/21/18)
Charlie stops to meet a lucky fan in Mexico.
Cred~ mexicarteshop
yep yep
good nightyyyy
My pleasure
Good luck
Smart choice, white boys can always be useful in other ways
Hello everyone!
Starting a new project
I will mainly use and for it
Follow me
When with you, home.
Glad to have met you last night Hope you continue your MaiChard stories
181022
Busyyy this week. 30 hours at work, A gig and my room to gut
Good luck
Sunday night peggle vibes
We're in the same boat! it's hard to wait that extra day isn't it?
Woot! be interested to see the stats and whether high like GA, etc. Thank you
Happy birthday enjoy it loser
Hi Thank you for seeing my illustration I invited you to the list.
Desi Chilli Chicken, yummm
Yay! And your forest photo earlier was a needed weekend balm.
Meatball is beautiful. Sending a cuddle for meatball from over here.
don't focus on negative u'll gaining!
Thank you so much for that, Carolin. I really appreciate it and always my pleasure.
Ah my baby daddy. here with me, so good.
"mis dice
Es fan que nosotrxs
ungrateful ASF but okay finna stop giving love to you mfs.
Absolutely! be in your inbox shortly
I completely understand and enjoy our friendship
Why so fine. many hapy returns
God knows how hard I tried.. it's too unfair..
Good luck
Done
Oooooh shookt! Thankyou sir for the info hihi
Good morning, self! Do well today.
You always will have us ladies
be waiting
My newly discovered favourite thing: long talks with you.
Listo
Same here super kampanter ;) my maichard heart si so full and thankful
My faves ...
Yes. We do get loud best don't we? It's kind of our thing. We'll promote
I waited for the last min to do this tutorial & I alwaaaaaays do this to myself, now I'm drained
good morning
Hey guys drop me a follow I'll follow back I'm on my way to 100 followers support for support!
Bless her. So lovely to see all the families enjoying it. Precious indeed. Fab to finally meet you all
Ukraine
30 mins to end shift.
I beat the time for my mile I feel like I got shit done today
Yes!!! It was so fun to hang with you!
All-in holoda
I win
You don't *have* to, but I'm sure you will.
You just crack on, Connor - what you do is really important and worthwhile. Wishing you all the best
Status $SNT price is: $0.036196
Binance registration is ONLINE! We JUST checked!
Definitely putting your meet and greets in my calendar hope I can stop by!
Really hoping I pass this entrance exam tomorrow!! Prays would be greatly apprieciated!!
She said it best
Good luck
Thanks sis have a wonderful and blessed monday
Love you too Dove
Thank You So Muchhh -
Stay-Blessed !!
Thank you cutie
Father grant this lady her heart desires in Jesus name I have asked. Amen!
I like her. Love her hair. She's funny and she's friends with Amber.
Me too! He's honestly one of my fave YouTubers
Wow this is a fantastic prize, thanks for the chance!
Her sad face is so cute stop myself watching this video over and over again
Thank you!
October 17 th --- October 20th, 2018. The journey of a lifetime
Hey :3 do you want help stanning Loona ?
I used to be, was flyin for almost 8 years since 2008
Time to stay warm
Thank you, Maridel!
Amen sis! I was pleased to be apart of this project. I pray it leads more to the truth of Christ and
Adore smalls cos they grow to be big
Good luck
Not currently
Just saying, after watching your IG stories
more Avatar please
Thank you so much.
goodmorning
Thanks for sharing!
Happy happy birthday Hanbin-ah!!
Good luck
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Good morning
"brown juice" strikes again lol! Such a good show tonight
welcome! Thoroughly enjoyed your set
wish i had friends that would make time for me
Stan & Ollie
This just brings a smile to your face
4 years
No work tomorrow but plenty to do so say Goodnight . to a new week full of great intentions
Why does Portland Retro Gaming Expo tire me out so? Exhausted but happy
Yuppp
YAY! Congratulations Kelly. It was so nice to finally "meet" you in person earlier today
know who they are but it seems like a nice gift.
Looking forward to the future
happy anniversary,
goodmorning
worry about me and mines
Thank you for posting this. Missed that TD...now I can say I saw it!!!!!!
Diary of an Indian/Jewish woman
Today photo shoot unedited pics and video
There so good
Good luck
I Went Blonde Again!!! I always feel pretty after getting my hair done
Call of duty black ops
Thank you so much. I keep forgetting to do that but I will from now on.
Thank you
To bed... ha goodnight
Good luck
Can't wait
slowly learnt over the past few years what absolutely vile creatures the male species are
anyone is welcome to readalong and watch the liveshow discussions
How do you say no to your kid he makes my drive ignite, imma always make something happen
The nights might be getting colder but still enjoying the warmth by the Poolside Fire Pits!
More for this gal. So much fun!! Helicopters are reserved for those that enjoy them. I enjoy them!
My time is coming I
Thats why i sent it
We hope everyone had as much fun as we did
Thank you guys so much for being so awesome this weekend. It was a pleasure to finally meet you both.
(I was a
Healthy wife and healthy book sales! How great is your life right now?
love is there when you least expect it & a forever thing
you guys are invited to my Halloween party to, Ohio that far be worth it
There ain't no party like an Amazon party! We hope your daughter has an amazing day! Be sure
Will u make an in-person delivery and model it?
Aslan is my first ginger
Me and Shelly are coming, fetching the kids aswell
Our Baby Boy thank you pretty s Pag invite and Goodluck and Congrats s Album
From
Keep doing what doing - great job
Hulu is better than Netflix. It has drake & josh on it
Killer Frost!!
Batman, Joker, Harley, Wonder woman...
Thanks.... but come and play doctor fess lemme check something
Go there. close by, and sure you will enjoy it.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE BEST LEADER I KNOW, KIM HANBIN. Keep on making good music yie
I don't believe we have, but always like to show support to a fellow writer
Beautiful pics and run Tom
Sorry to see u go, u were fantastic
I was sensing a girl for Cheekies but I'm sensing one boy and one girl for you Nevs.
Thanks!
I gained 53 exactly lol I ate everything in sight went to 132lb to 185lb . Now 4 months pp and 142
ok fine i don't Hate steve, i just dislike it when he's trying to kill tony
I'll guess my age and say 37.
If you go to AB and wanna live in University 214, hit me up because bored and want a roommate now super fun I promise hahah
Thanks Fiona just a little over 500 signatures left to go until it reaches the target
Now playing: Way Maker
Now I have 59 Pokemon maxed out
And I'm happy with it
been nice seeing you around more lately! Always love having you there
Good luck
You're welcome
Enjoy free shipping when you spend $75 and more
So guys... A little help with nominations FOR Netminder of the Week then?
Leave them below, all
Love you too
Just do whatever it takes to be happy and you will get your happiness
Trade for Anderson from the Bills?
Merci beaucoup
don't worry you will be serving me full time oneday
Oh fab, thank you! Let me know if you ever need a guest speaker, I love coming to chat to
not a bother. Keep it up!
I woke up at 8am wanting ice cream and then I went back to sleep and then here I was
Till next time
True
Try to relax
Fall colours. Vancouver, British Columbia
! Fighting !
not crazy just deadass serious bout mine
Evening
thank you for being such an amazing supporter & positive force
They are all so pretty and cute!
Their characters are on point.
Imagine them being
Hi i saw your tweets baya and i am here to remind you nga or to make you remember nga u are worthy, u are loved
Tagged by
Good morning! Start your day with looking at Jae's handsome face & everything will be well.
summer
Me tomorrow
Good morning remember YOU ARE ENOUGH!
Good luck
Hi mutuals glad to finally have a decent feed of nice ppl
This boi here knows how to shine, am I right?
And nice work with the 5-win streak!
Thanks homieeee
Literally slept the day away
Happy birthday gorgeous
Cody made bagel bites, I hope he want any Bc I ate them all
Cheers bud. Glad you enjoyed the show. Hope you continue to tune in
Thank you, Julia!
Thanks again my new friend
Say you won't let go
Shit is just coming through for me & it feels so good
Gonna work things out
Thread iKON fan art x Masternim
If u save the pict, kindly to rt or like my post, thank u
Good morning!
Always look and think of something/someone that will inspire and motivate you each day!
will be an ongoing evolution,
I got a knee motto. IDFWPWFWPIDFW << let that sink in
hi Bill, spotted you in Belfast today. Hope you're enjoying the city and you're looking well
Queria ser lindo
Kate eto na daw o. Happy Birthday
I want the 30 seconds back in the men's free skate. Thank you
Question below - help me out with a bit of research if you can? Please and thank you *
*
*
The pressure as a
Cool chuck it here and tag us to be retweeted
thanks carls!!! miss u too!
Yeah. The male are already in the future waiting for the Female. OUTCLASS Students
I lie to you!
Good morning world
Can't wait
Thanks for the comparison
Oh the throwbacks thanks Cooper!
Salamat din!!!
thanks beautiful!!!
Buy a boy a $1 balloon and be happy all weekend
Yes please
Ta .
Thanks for the recommendation
H U Y W A L A N G K W E N T A K O D A
it? So cozy.
Adam I love you soooo much. I have a fan page on instagram
Let us know if we can offer any other suggestions for what to get up to while visiting!
yo fav so far?? Tell me
He so tiny and adorable.
It all made sense tonight. Yay!
appreciate tweet by Patrick Brey
I'm not judging! I was just curious I can see where you're coming from tbh
been this happy in a minute
Ready para ir al after party de
In bed watching TV
This Lemon Og is fucking gas shouts out to
This is our first time here, and we love this place. Great ambiance, service, and food! Bar Siena
Only army
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
Go your middle son! Wonderful to hear
Making some dinner and then relaxing watching some movies
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Well I guess you heard me begging you to run for President Please Please do it we need you.
Really cute
Breakfast
Happy belated birthday Was good seeing you again last Thursday, even tho very short
Brilliant! Well done on your first title
Got my kids fall/winter shopping out the way. Time to get myself together
Goodmorning
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
I'm even tempted to go again!
Yoga all day today has My body feeling so good unlike you losers who make Me feel anything unless your
Night buddy thank you for popping to the stream just came 3rd best so far tonight lol
Anime honestly makes me really happy
lets do shots
I know but I'm just curious to see if anyone would be interested in buying from
take long to wash up I despise dishwashers rather have cupboard space
Let's start our day right!
Smile and be ready to face the reality!
Good morning ppl.
Congrats pa rin Queen Michele... We are so proud of you always here to support you. We love you
YEEBBBOOOOO
Gorgeous
If you need any help/advice I'm happy to help whats the purpose of the build then? Mines a compact gaming set up
Actually, bitch, I could say the same
Sorry, it's the Louvre & the Jardin des Tuileries that is right next to it
Actually bitches get paid to do ASMR videos
You will be playing to friends, new and old.....does that make it better?
Is your fear bigger than your desire? is where your can start
if not added, im blocking
Start your day with a smile.
Goodmorning
Love this and thank you
Thank you for the exceptional service we always get
Keep it up! Gonna be looking forward to it
them feels. the technical progress is insane.
last two games look like paintings.
First home basketball game next week
I love Youtube's recommendations
Thank you & for this beautiful cover
Sunday activity at CHIRO DANAO
Have a great monday!
listening to your songs bebe
it's okay. now you know
WONG OG SAMBAT WAE
Are you carrying on with manifest?
I got a new motto > IDFWPWFWPIDFW , let that sink in any questions ?
Strangers in journey
The tweet says it all.
Thanks aar!
Happy birthday to one of our most talented fans! Hope you have a great one
Thanks Brittany
it was great seeing you today! I hope your day has been great!
Hmmnn alright then.
Lets know the new handle, looking forward to the rebranded you
Good morning
you leaving? going
are you ok.
I'm so sorry.
I count you as one of my best friends.
Well, 5 million best friends, don't get cocky
Thank you for retweeting, Carolyn.
*sits back and enjoys the joy this is bringing*
Good nigth
Good luck
I live in Northern Ireland, but supported Liverpool all my life, well since about 5
Oh, well played - Thick as a Brick. Just perfect to wind down my weekend
Uh huh
Thank you very much. my heart.
Happy monday! God bless us all.
Thank you, I really appreciate it!!
I want ice cream. I deserve it and imma get it
Thank you
Hi ,, happy New week friend
Good Morninggggggg VJ Have a good and wonderful day. Make yourself productive and positive to
so pretty Thank you
Congratulations wllahy Gdb Gdn U3ny
actually this one from my crush, she referred her as . im glad what she said to me
fuck
Can you give me a shoutout, please?
Solidarity sister keep the fight alive !
I can't go back to sleep so Iend up watching videos
Yay my aloe is back healthy for me to use I always dread the first few days tho
What is one of your biggest accomplishments?
Good morning!
The only place to be.
Yeah
For those looking for the Twibbon thingy here it is~
New Teen Therapy Group starts Tuesday! Check out the video for more info.
Give me an advice
Thank you. She is extremely cool.
Good luck to shola on fixing everything she complained of on social media
thanks for sharing and have a nice sunday evening
done! thank you for retweeting mine too
This weather today has Me feeling so good unlike you losers who make Me feel anything unless your
Ben said, you very
tranquilla
Heaven on Earth
I can imagine
goodnight crushyyy ay kabalaka consistent ko HAHAAAHA GRABW
You're welcome.
Todo sea por estar saludable
Glad to see you happy, Taehyung Enjoy your visit and have a safe travel to Seoul .. I love you
I got the kitchen smelling so good
My sense of humour and my big beautiful eyes.
WELL LEWIS WHATEVER THE REASON U CAME THIRD THERE IS ALWAYS MEXICO .... WELL DONE ANYWAY ... TAKE CARE TNKS
keep up the epic content!!
What a fantastic legacy from the Huge congratulations &
Wish I was there
Stan BTS and gonna get both
Poe found her new nap area.
Hello ocean. Vancouver, British Columbia
Glad it was in a great city
Most welcome
wait
More
Band
Practice
Tonight
This weather today has Me feeling so good Unlike you losers who make Me feel anything unless you're
so. i have a girlfriend
I fuck with you boy!
thank you for all the love and support shown to me and my music over this year! so thankful
Me, either!! Especially if a fireplace just out of the picture
Awww You're very welcome. It's my favorite part.
Yesterday my fire beauty sister finally got hitched!!! the ceremony and reception were amazing.
You and him look a lot alike.
Tumblr, it's been three years now and he still makes me happier than anyone ever could
M... J... It's nice to meet you Yes I am a turtle and I talk! Where are you from? I from New
That is a great moment! I guess when I think of shipping, I think romantic- and I can't say I view Daniel & Jack that way.
Time to learn German
Morning warga tl
wait SO ready
More than words is all you have to do to make it real
Can you PRETTY PLEASE help me pay for my student loans.. Please It will be so kind of you. Thank you
No Chris Paul against the Jazz on Wednesday.
Now this is a subject we should be teaching in schools!
Thank you. Called Customer care and been resolved
Thanks Taylor
Happy belated Birthday I was busy celebrating mine that day as well . Hope it was all you
Hello idol thank you dito
Happy to meet you
Then you'll know what to do in 2 years. Let your classmates know too!
In some
Goodmorning!
pullback718: Would you suck me up?
Oh ok. Gotcha. Thanks for the reply.
Thank you guys so much for being so awesome this weekend. It was a pleasure to finally meet you both.
(I was a
Coming through
Countdown
Some pics I took the other day I never posted
Thanks! Iusually cuff them but didn't last night. Definitely need skinny jeans/jeggings to work with ankle boots imo
Sta radis
Photoshop huh? Okay then
This is so cute!!
How much fun is this! Great miles out there Katniss
see you in a week
Tell me what you think! What did you vote for and why?
Oh no, is it?! Whoops!
still over at Filmotomy to go check this out dudes
Yes, and I have created some of my favourite dishes when I've found myself in those situations.
Hi from Adelaide
Thanks & Josh for the snickerdoodle recipe ! They are a hit !
Such beautiful artwork CLAMP has always inspired me
Could you please untag me from your personal discussion?
Thank you in advance!
Ohhh muchas Gracias!
Y a dormir Nanit!
I get it, what exactly are you trying to say? Just kidding you won my heart with
"Economy, this be the economy, huh!!"
In Sarkodie's voice
happy birthday
Tomorrow I'll be catching up scanning week 3 of inktober, arbitrary doodles made on the road
Merci
Goodmorning
hi i really like your personality
can we be friends? okay but just know in advance that I'm very paranoid
followback please
Thanks Chief!!! nice to something not POLITICAL!
Bad hairstyle but Charles is still adorable in this picture!
Appreciate it
Good Morning kitty akkaa
& TeamKeerthy
I get so happy when my husband come home
Thank you so much!!
We can learn together and teach each other.
This is good news.
i can't wait to read it
Most accurate way to describe my everyday life in just 4 words
Adorable!
Thank you for Wonderful story with great acting, I was glued to my screen and want it to end
smooth, very smooth
Hi po! Thank you po hehe
Why don't you simply have sex
U wait
You cant
I really need to work on my facial expressions.... but I
My hair is growing
good morning
Thank you
Thank you
Nice I'm cutting for Berlin on Thursday I'm at about 168 cut rn still a lot to go though
I have so much pics that could be post or sent but selfish
GoodMorning
Most beautiful place La Orotava La
thanks
WW: will consider, Just DM
New pics
Love the one with my sister, she's the best thing in the world!!
Love her so much!!
Good morning.
Hewwo rem cosplay tonight live now
anyone would be lucky to have you
Good morning God bless your day
a Hamilton fan but Kimi winning has put a smile on my face
Why thank you
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness
Goodmorning. Stay positive.
How can I postpone a flu? Anyone? Second off ko palang 'yung off ko sa Wednesday this October wow
Thank you so much!
wait to get my new look tomorrow
Massive Mounds made in America (78 Photos)
Hanggang terminal lang naman. Not all the way to work.
Should I get really cute for my date.. or casually cute going to the movies so thinking casually cute
My bitch too bossy, no we don't fuck with xans
blow me Once, shame on you.
blow me twice, well...... you know
the life
Pizza as care Kelly.....I will go and dream about food....
miss you!
Thank you very much
Temp. Filled
Looks lovely
Thanks
More treats in store then
Thank you!!
Someone told me to tag u
Good morning!
Must see this!
So many imperfections?
Don't worry...
You have a PERFECT God.
Yo, goodmorning
Your not alone. I love to do that also
Do you planning on doing more music? All your other songs are a bop and I would love to hear more
Hello . I am Deandre from the University of Arkansas
for u !
U make me the happiest
Thank you
Bellas menos yo
the upgrade came through
I'm so blessed
You're welcome cutie
U like it huh?
Hate. On.
These are my favourite books, espcially The Jolly Postman! I still have them all
Tatlong loyal
i burned my hand while straightening my hair
Truly revealing and lovely
Red dead redemption 2!!!! wait
good morning
That's the one!
cooking time
Thank you
Really been my mood lately might delete though
Totally get that!!
Gracias
Ok bro thank you
just coolin though
Galaxy really making me happy rn
h-hot.... Keith has a NICE CHEST
Be willing to be a beginner every single morning -Meister Eckhart-
Good Morning Universe
A Grateful Person is Rich in Contenment ....
-David Bednar
Happy Monday, have a great day!
Safe flight
"@suebrt25" Our two boats coming home to
I regret that I have but one 'like' to give.
I loved those! I don't know what they're called though!
Thanks for speaking to me Mr Patridge, Enjoy the rest of your weekend!
Good morning self
C'est clair
Actually a mood rn
good morning MONO D-1 EVERYONE OH YAAAAS!!!
Good morning beautiful I hope everyday is as great as you are Thanks!
There is just such perfection in his seriousness. And those sweet eyes are just asking for a big BIG hug
Hi Luca always smiling
Thanks I have a real one just for you!
Hihi
goodnight i love all my mutuals except Ethan
Its good to disconnect hunty
welcome
Today I played go. Caught a lot of beldum because of community day
Shouldn't be eating so late - Nibbling humus and crisps ;whilst watching
Ooh! I wish.... No it's the Old Manor House, part of the University I work at
Sono entrambe bellissime.. Ma come Irina non ce
From Pizza Hut with a nice side of cheese sticks, cinnamon sticks maybe and a nice cool drink
Been having a nice lil day
Good Morniiing
That's fabulous, thank you
I'm sorry too but I ship whoever I want to
Off finally
Stew or Sauce ???
Congrats to Prince Harry & the Duchess of Sussex on the announcement that they are expecting their first child
Good morning Jonghyun!
I know you will start a wonderful week cause you always work hard!
Go Jonghyun!
Lovely words - thanks Jools. Glad to see from your pics that you had a lovely birthday.
Sorry, too vulgar to retweet, and I am referring more to their primate-like screaming rather than their state of nakedness!
I hope your Sunday has been excellent
Yeah it's just life!!! Thank you for asking!!!
Beautiful sunset sky on my last evening in Austin .. sure be back soon
cheeky
Thank you so much for mentioning me
Good morning, beebu!
Good attitude to take I'm done too. Enjoy your night guys
Thank you twin
Goodmorning
Thank you
Goodmorning
Thanks for the shout out, Julie! Have a great night
I've followed her
Just bought my copy today!! wait
Made these myself, hopefully you guys like it
Yes Kodi ! So happy for you ! Does he know your ohshitshinoda? Isn't he the nicest person ! We want pics
I just need to know what the d is like, so one time is fine with me.
Details... details.... The left has "doctors" that will "fix" that, you know...
If Disney is your ideal vacation please hit me up ever
Perfect! So glad to hear! Enjoy the show *BWL
Lazy Sunday.
Hello everyone
Huge money
And once a month, throw a hissy fit, for balance
If anyone has suggestions, feel free to put them here
You too. Have a nice day!
It is almost Monday, so I should support the cause, right?
Typical, the only way a man can get ahead is through a strong woman.
Thanks for asking
congrats
thank you to all who voted
It was a special home finale and always great to have the kiddos join interviews!
The Force is strong in these two...
No todos las tardes son iguales!
Hey I just saw this, and this is crazy, but here's my number(09056397723), so call me maybe
Picked our squares for game & we won $200 just need the redskins to get another touchdown & extra point!
After all, some part of Nigeria descended from isreal,I hear they call them "igbos"
That was an intersting one; always cool to see how people start!
a little edit for you.
Beautiful badasses in (and out of) uniform (40 Photos)
Good morning
Yes come come
This is a fan acc for my babies uwu
Can I come round for dinner please?! p.s. thanks for tips on worldwide
I respect that!
have to be naked Sweetie. Just be yourself.
Anyway, I look forward to that day.
Goodmorning.
Elijah punched his TV yesterday. I hope his Netflix looks ugly as his karma for being belligerent
Ouh.. So sweet of you. thank you too for reading it
dont nobdy tell me how neither movie is iwanna see myself THANKS
Not long now I've seen the list of our stall holders and it looks like it's going to be a great event. Make a
Pero si Lord alam ko may the best na ideas. Dun ako mags-stick. I'll wait for the instructions
N not worry bout a Nigga neither
Goodnight.
God reminded me this morning that the progress of creating this artwork was full of love and grace.
Artwork
Ooh, nice! I've seen some of your art before, it's really cute!
(Sorry I'm not that good at
Sometimes, the people you want are the people you don't need.
You will you're a tough cookie, if you ever wanna chat about anything feel free to drop me a DM
No more crush
bisexual too
even know what all the letters on the keyboard mean
How long can you without it?
A little happiness never hurt anybody
.. life on earth is simple.....
it's just not easy....
.
and watching this
Yay, so excited
Oh thank you so much have a good evening!
Hello thank you so much for the correction. Will have it corrected on air. Have a great Monday!
Thx, took me a while to come up with
Thank you po!
my pink legacy will live on forever~*
This is so cute
Ok then. Not midnight yet. Technically it's still the wknd
I hope doing well
Lmaooooooo OHH caught up now. Go ahead and grab me one now
Hice tortafritas
The one who didn't vote for Trump!
First Day of the Last Semester
Hell yes I would every day.
Indeed you are a good girl makes me wanna motorboat your boobs
Then remain would of won .. but leave won the referendum so suck it up buttercup and get on with life
Yee-Haw! a country girl kind of day
Wherever your heart takes you and basta happy kayo, Go! Deserve nyo yan kung saan kayo masaya.
thank you
I thought you did fine, Dylan.
This honestly made my day more affordable than most. sure we can work something out
Yes!!
on my birthday as well.. how delightful
fuck off
I just finished
- Overall, I enjoyed it. The storyline was good, the directing and
-Yes! king Taehyung!
-its from your mom's dream (right?)
-your idol
-loving myself
I love those
Everyone been meeting lately has been incredibly nice. refreshing
thank you po!
When do we want to finish and how often do we want to discuss?
after paying $172 its fixed and happy
And for that, I am grateful.
Hi! Thank you. I already watched those dramas
I bought it the day before the con! thank you!
Three Little Birds
I have some sweet candy, you can come and get if you want
Happy Birthday be Thank you so much sa lahat. I miss you so much. GodBless. Hope to see you soon
I think I had hot chocolate and then I found some and never been happier
Pretty good day, no complaints
strong on the outside. all vulnerable on the inside
You still kawaii though.
I hope your back is feeling better
Sobbing look at this beautiful boy
Thank you. When I get the courage to. I will DM you a pic or two.
Hi there
Good conversations with good friends...over tea and coffee
So good
Dodger... Looks so cute I want it.
They did! She was a big fan, she loves watching Drag Race with her daughter
8 pounds 12 oz , 22 inches long
Someone make this into a header please
Goodnight Kay sweet dreams xxx
Everyone been meeting lately have been incredibly nice. refreshing
I hope you can overcome all your struggles and be happy. Although this is very late, I hope you get better
Our New Cold Wallet
You can Test it now!
(get early access)
Thank
wait to see it
Awwww congrats my baby you're so cute ,I love you take care always stay healthy and have fun always
Have a wonderful dayyy thank you too
Dear YouTube fucking shit thank you
Mount Kinabalu Disebalik awan.
Thank you
Good morning
How is that possible
Which would you pick ... I think pic 4
I think he does
haha! Meghan only loves the titanic movie I love that movie as well. Enjoy your day in
Slow cookers are awesome
welcome
Youre welcome
You don't say which state or which office. Doesn't matter. Write in 'Barack Obama'..!
No words can explain these photos.
This is brilliant
Not a fan of going from sharing a bed to sleeping on my own
Dude, the running apple commentary is my favorite thing today.
been so nice seeing you back more often lately! I appreciate you taking the time to be there
Somewhere between on Netflix has ALL my attention
This is quite possibly one of the cutest things ever
And Paris thanked you too...
Can we all just take a moment to know my phone got ran over by a car and the only thing that was broken was the screen
really good at Martinsville
A hot bowl of potato soup sure is good on this cool day
my lil baby
I try
I had a good time catching up with you guys too
Truth be known I don't even know what ABN is. I have lived
If Anybody Would Like There Sneakers Or Slides Repainted Or Cleaned Hmu I Got Cheap Prices
yeah they are! thank you!!! i took them the other day at my internship
Be strong, quit and everything eventually will look up
Familia
Good morning & happy monday
Thank you sm good morning,sunflower gtg! Bye and stay safe
Our team will get back to you via email as quickly as possible. Thanks for your patience
I love grinding for
From the philippines. You?
Another collage mix featuring &
Your day won't be complete without a little Jen (34 Photos)
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Thanks
What an adorable little boy!!
That was awesome
Good morning Yes and i will come back
Sa ganap kahapon.. Maraming ang umuwi it is truly Homecoming for ADN Kudos to all the organizers
October 21, 2018 6:36 PM Clarksville Indiana. The moon is out
Day party then 240. You can make it up tho I may be in Athens in a couple of weeks!
good morning El Nido
*last day in this island what to do?
Awww thanks bud
I'm very glad to hear this.
Thanks Sam and thank you for your continued support!
Good morning Tash
Yo
Hope whoever got the ticket has a great time!
Goodmorning .TyLsm
Me too!!!! Thanks
it makes me feel a lil happier to start my day on a positive note so i ... pay it forward
Jimin
10th Planet! Awesome! Get that Rubber Guard game going Hope you're having a blast!
Wow! The power!!
and may your all upcoming dreams will be came true
It's Kim Kardashian's birthday today. Fellow October baby.
Thank you!!
Sah vraimenr trop belle machallah Merci
Lovely
Thank you sir
I have some cookies, you can come have some if you want
I'm so glad! I think we all did
It was good ass yam and hegg. Pls dear regards to your mumsy
Good morning
Morning gorgerous
The best man I know IM SO HAPPY FOR THE BOTH OF YOU GUYS
This is just like me an Blu except I sing so he runs away from me.
Hindsight is 20/20...good suggestion
Honestly.
Happy birthday. Enjoy yourself
Bless you! keep up the funny tweets. Sometimes you make my day!
Reporting this account
Goooooooood morning cubs rise and shine, eat your breakfast and enjoy the day -yanyan
A great support system will do the trick
.
.
Have an awesome week everyone!
Gonna steal this for my background tysm
I wait
I just followed 30 new people (mostly Bills fans) Looking forward to your tweets
That's good to hear hope the rest of your day is amazing
Yes it was really funny back then
Great Night With Great People after work
Then I get news like that, Well... Shit
We're happy that you liked it, Sam! Thanks for sharing.
Thanks for the vote of confidence, Ren.
Lol definitely she mind
Also an interesting perspective when actually means in Latin
So excited for kickstart at tomorrow!!!
Hey if you try to dodge this conversation about trans rights because "its politics", consider:
Fucking off
And here they are!!! and are on stage!
Yes sir
Good game well played
Thanks fella , I appreciate it and might take you up on it.
You also have a wonderful day!
You should really check out my party on sqweee tomorrow! I'd love to share some amazing books
Feel free to carry on... You can untag people through when you reply.
Good morning and i wish everyone have a nice day
Thank youuuu
im guilty of this too
Por favor
Still here with the same feelings
Good Morning
Haha yes i did
Terima kasih, flower.indonesia
.
flower.indonesia with
.
. ORANGE EDITION .
I can handle this
Definitely a worthwhile sacrifice.
You inspire me everyday. look at you
goodmorning morninggg!!
CHIKA PAG NAGKITA, RIGHT?
Awesome my fellow bananas on the world tour always good getting the banana rush
no, but its why we love you
been so nice seeing you around more lately
book me, link in my bio
"We are what we eat, so let's stay sweet"
20 PCS for P250!
PS: Sa sobrang sarap pwede panregalo kahit sa binyag
I have the same towel
bad bunny baby! Estamos Bien
you achieved this with
Altho it deserved all of the other stuff too
It is certainly pretty! Good time to of the year to go too with the leaves changing color
see you next week!
Nah, us GGs tho
2 things i play wit my money and my son
enjoyed the last podcast episode! I know where that mural was in your post on IG. Plz see comment
By Putting Gold & Diamonds together in his own style, makes an original peace of Necklace
Keep enjoying
My 81 yo Dad left Walmart ydy to discover he had a flat. Two guys walked up, and changed it for him.
can't wait for Tuesday! Will there be a meet and greet thing like there was earlier this year? I've made something for you
No problem
done did it
You better do an European Tour with Portugal included or beat your ass
U really cancel brother nature guys sorry
Did you make the vogue shirt too? If so, where can I purchase it from you?
Obviously.... The man is perfect
Half term week and I've just turned all my alarms off
I don't mind to fill in the space
I think going to watch that OWN show, Ready to Love...why not?
Love mad as a box of frogs
Your crazy couple
I following your on Turkey
Good morning
Marerealize mo din yon not now but someday.
Kim TAEHYUNG is passionate by art. Im glad that he went to Basquiat exhibition
sis: i want three children because i love being the middle child
me: binch you crazy
All I Need
Really does look like my Leah
F*ck off, beloved
Hi, Clement! is likely your best contact for that project.
Another year, another trunk! Loved seeing all those familiar little faces!
Thank you. We could be related
Happy Flowers
I love that Seb is now part of the squad haha
Por fin en 4000
Your welcome Matt. I read a few of your blogs and I love them, going to have a binge read! you
Do not let me fall into the temptation of cheating and making shortcuts in order to attain my goal
Do u have that one but standing up? I need one for my lock screen
a cool idea
Love that song
Mandala .. Coloring .. Joy
Stay Tuned
Let me go and message you on whatsapp
Hard work and not giving up on a dream pays off. Congrats Mia
goodmorning
Last day of in
Lovely designs and more...
Check our instastory for live
needed in Blackpool
thanks po
MY
Met Aug , 1990
Dating - Jan 1991- ??? Off and on so I remember
thanks Kristen, same to you!!
Don't know about the book, but those washing machines are a godsend
I knew I followed you for more than just Blackhawk banter
I bet they are still kidding him about being a 'cradle snatcher'!
its written in the poem, last line
Merci beaucoup
What you getting us
Thank you tell me what you think when you done
Good boy
hiking 3 hills next time habiskan 5 hills pulak okay thank you my ninja
.
I know right
It just hit me. I finally learned to say no and let go people who treats me indifferently. It's a good day.
Two years I'm relatively new still compared to others but I live them just as much
That's true
Awesome thank you so much
just happy that clean now and have a desire to do anything anymore.
Yes. Thanks for reminding me. Will do
No where else to post these so need a break from everything so ill build my twitter up ig lol FOLLOW ME
Congrats
Currently at the dispensary i wanted top shelf tuhday
I condone the harrassament; I say congress expect it or that anger justified.
Another year, another trunk! Loved seeing all those familiar little faces!
might fuck around and check myself in a psych ward
Feliz noche Teresa
Looks like you love this country a lot
Im such a gone change though
I am sure you will
YO I'm happy cus I am getting to hear one of my favorite bands tonight AND I didnt get lost in Knoxville going to the venue
call it
I have car insurance
welcome! And be a lot of fun! I hope so too!
I hope you stepped away long enough that you even see this, but please, take care of you.
Good morning Karen
You have a nice day and week
I am blown away by today's message. Absolutely fantastic!
Thank you
Unexpected follow back
He's my kind of guy
Please don't take my sunshine away...
(:
-
Via lnsta_dogs
Good morning
I am feeling ok today. Thanks for asking.
Or nuclear winter.
Active, gmorning
Good morning dear sevil
Wonderful cherry blossom
My pleasure.
No J-Line for Yuri's birthday. That means no Sakura to divide Hyewon's time with food. Okay people, you know what tp expect.
First time doin a sew in on myself I juss leveled up
Basketball tryouts start tomorrow
Very kind of you!
Hello nice to know you.
Well, i will go to bed less stupid
Thanks again
With the kiss on the cheek? Absolutely . so awesome and much more with moments like that !
8800 glorious followers you guys are epic I want to thank my stunningly beautiful gf as well as my
Mujer luchona soy
Just posted!
Yes
Hey, quit flirting with the woman of my dreams.
Awww the Little Mermaid movie gotta love Disney movies as well I watch children movies as well
Some perfume that came with a make up bag
Good morning
Just saying. You remain a 60s expert. Be damned anyone who says otherwise.
Hiii I was wondering going on with your hair? Are you gonna try lightning it again or keep it that color?
So would I
Uwlc. Kindly ff back.
Thank you, have returned
Thanks love
Morning!! Have a nice day to you too
Great list. read The Twelve and I have many more to try
Good morning
If I a red pity them
Thank you to for the donation to my classroom
Look at how happy Yves is in prison
Growler, Virgil, Cara, Rocky, and Ziva
Yes, not now. But soon
Let's start our day with a smile
Yeaaah, this is really wonderful song with beautiful lyric video! Nice work, guys
Good morning
Ya. I ran into her this week as well.
you can mark good games l hop you have a good night
Just streamed for 5 hours, gonna take a little break and start back up later
blame you!!!! Enjoy!!! Goodnight!
Oh hell yeah I love spreading the PT love.
That is fantastic, I'm so happy for you and
Good morning
Family before everything , if you fuck my brother over or my mom or dad I will personally beat the fuck out of you .
Taho in the morning is heart heart heart
Only sexy buns can move like that (20 GIFs)
It's not humid outside
Big mouth
Have a blessed new year
Thanks!
anyway, back to review. Good morning! i hope people will stop fighting na
Mein Sohn Hanna singt Arabisch.
Roast and then chop. Yah baby. dragon breath chili
Visita familiar con "La De Uno"
The smile on each of these peoples in the photo makes it worthy to say thanks to Mike & the team
Study na self
64 follows to 1000. Slowly but surely. One day at a time
Wow ! That cake looks delicious ! Enjoy !!
goodmorning
Still hoping to get a moglin before this day really starts
I might actually start it now and definitely tag you in any new pieces
i pray for my friends to get this title kaya niyo yan mga mashies!
Ha! Thanks Suzie I had a lot of people going bananas over it
SINGLE & tricking until somebody i WANT say be my girlfriend
Would it be alright if a friend and I did cosplays based off this art?
Why wouldn't ya!? It's what they're there for.
La mejor voz de younow
EN VIVO en
Del Mar this weekend with b was fun, even though 80% of the night was spent in line
It's beginning to feel a lot like bedtime, goodnight friends
Be Well, Be Safe, Be Happy xx
Hi! be a big help. Please like and share God Bless! mention friends if you have time
U make me the happiest
Hi! a fan of your artwork! May I please be added to your list? over the age of 18
Goodmorning
i will be okay & i had deh greatest dream ever until my dad interrupted it
Good morning
We love you making your videos. It brightens my day when I watch one. You are truly amazing!!
Life is strange 2 right here right now
Heyy!
Yum...the best
Woke up real good, utterly positive rn & hope be a positive news today for my darling hubby
Wow, great job, It takes skill with those shots!
But look!
They work better that way
Night guys
Nice to be off for 9 days roll on my birthday weekend nxt weekend happy boy
Puteh...
As of yesterday
Yay! That was my guess. Please say Ola from me! Have a great trip
beautiful AND intelligent! Hard to beat!
everybody has someone to be with
the one
Gorgeous nonetheless
Who wants to order me a pizza
-so cute jinyoung ...! [ Just right ]
.
Yeah exactly but being willing to learn means you are half way there
Hi! Looking forward to stopping by
Big smile! Thank you for sharing.
Goodmorning
Took my nephew into the city for his first Community Day - awesome times!
Damn.. still proud my boys soft
welcome
It's okay just keep the faith
Thanks to our all merciful Savior
You too
Thanks for the follow
Kids 2 week fall break is over!!! school resumes tomorrow
my Venmo : Claudia-Borkowski. like to see my $100 by tonight thank you
Good morning sir! Have a great day!
Haha thanks Melinda it was quite a big hit! ..everyone loves banana man
yea, we just released this feature on Tuesday! give it a shot and let us know what you think
Love you!
Joe just so so naturally talented my lovely! props to you Mr Tracini xx
Will be home alone in a few days! Kinda excited tho
Yeah i have fever of 102
Enough
Hey , have you heard about the new corduroy pillows?
They're making headlines.
What a great group of neo-coaches!
Good morning
Fun fact! The awakening I almost here!!
I had to delete that one my figures were a bit off
My Halloween costume and makeup are gonna be so cute, so excited
Best league in the world ?
Have a great day!
is out this week for Fall Break.
My sisters aunt & grandma begin in one place when I FaceTime is amazing
Happy birthday leadernim!
Thanks Kel it was a fun race
Hi Monday
I feel the support. Thank you po sa pag akyat.
& for more Content!
Lumaban ka lang para sa tama, Guille. We are one with you. Chief wants to help the likes of you.
Thanks Toddy We had a great time, very relaxing, good food and lovely weather Sleep well and hugs for the bengals
Mannn gone g! Atleast the smell good type
Book a session with me and we can talk about it! All my sugar daddys have been married kisses
they were so good! thank you
Thanks for the follow
Day off ... Que rico domingo
I did. now keeping an eye out for one, the girls would love it
only going to be 4 days ! Husband says I deserve it but Lowkey excited
We're ready
Juliawilliams@julsmoonlightv1.
Thank you and same to you Lisiludadavi
Thanks so much for RT my project! Hope having a nice Sunday.
Happy Monday!
+4
Thanks Marvin it felt wonderful running in the cooler temps today
My otp they both are so sweet together...can't wait to watch now
Good deal!!
For the sake of equality
Behaving & staying out the way
Thank you beautiful!
and I absolutely love you soooo much!!!
Dale a MG SI stas De acuerdo
Congrats !!
Eita...
There will always be someone who's loving you and will be loving you.
Thank you JerBear
Nosso sonho!
Dinner Was At My House Today
OFF THE HOOK!!! all three of ya look so cute! did ya have a fun Splatoween?
Ahhh Gaye, it was so lovely to meet you last night. What a year it has been for women! We will prevail
In the mood to watch Lost Boys next another fav of mine
Good morning!
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness
Hallooooooo dear
How are youuu??
Do you feel good?
Just wanna know you that I looooooove you.
For what it's worth, I choose you, te, and you'll never be an option to me.
It certainly is!
It was a chilly but we still had two successful shoots thanks to both families for coming out and thanks to my
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
I finally had a day where I didn't have anything to do. So I stayed in bed all day
My pleasure
Thank yoo Mam, Dianne sa Tiwala sa Uulitin po
After 3 DAYS Perfect
I'm just 2 blocks off Claiborne and we love coffee
You're such a good mom.
Go Beto My favorite Pic
Hey y'all
In two weeks!!!
Signal with an emoji, your expectations
(Yea, I talk in reverse)
Let's
Yesss your auntie today NEPH!!...Give me 87 on pump 3 PERIOD!..Lol
Whatever works
9-Volt is so cute when he is sleeping.
I need a cigar because if I smoke now ... imma turn this bitch into Afghanistan
I just started watching the seven deadly sins and I love it
That just made my day
Good luck today! You looked too busy to stop but I'll try swing by your booth later
Truthful
Don't let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning.
-Robert Kiyosaki
Cheers Eric
0.05~0.1 / 1
Thank you! I thought the trees would be a nice contrast to the snow, and just so damn pretty
Hey mah dude!
Thank you hope you did good too!
The same for you!
Handy Andy! relax on deck in your pjs.
As a female, having male friends is actually necessary. As mad as you all are, some of you talk sense
Not working
Safe journey ... leave it too long to come back x
The most beautiful thing a girl can wear will always be her confidence and courage
We may not collab at 1k but definitely in the future!
Thanks for letting me film your day!
I was a democrat until I woke up as well... thank you for putting it best Candace Owens!!
Set myself up for disappointment 24/7
thank you!!
Night Carrie
21st birthday
Childhood and adulthood favorite.
Awwww "make good anak to build a generous life"
Thanks, Papa Yet.
Try smokey robinson..Baby Come Close....very sexual
welcome.
A friend of mine said I deserve a Rugby Player as a boyfriend so... the Lord might have answered her prayer ...
Felt cute, might delete this later
Into the drink!
Awwww that's cool
Happy birthday friend
hope you had an amazing time last night
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
Also I just looked at your WIKIPEDIA page (congrats!!!) and you went to York as well?? I just started a masters there!
So ended up with 11 shiny Beldum total!! I even hatched a shiny one LOL but pretty happy in the end
thank
good thing my eyesight is fucked up and I have such a thing
All good, 80's happy and new position at work
Great night! thank you for the photo!
Thank you, and ADN! Mahal na mahal ko kayo
Stay HAPPY and I'm glad that I'm HOME!
This purchase makes me happy
It's lovely to see Kobe looking so good after the earthquake and fire. Nagata looks good.
I took this from my timeline and thought I'd do it too
Chas veces
Orwell na dobranoc.
My love language is quality time. For anyone that cares.
uwu
This is too pure . sure this made him so happy
Hey!
Good Morning
Good morning Sir!
Take me back to last night please & thank youuuu had that much fun in awhile
Exactly! Stay positive, Veronica... thanx for settling me down. I feel better now
This is the happiest made me in such a long time
Warm Up with Bikini Sunday
comment from a vlogger hays.
Thanks John!
Good morning
honestly never been happier in my life. Everything is so good
Please tell me more
Happy Birthday Godbless u
Seeing Tae post pictures with art made my day 50x better
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
Plz share the name of the novel
This just got to be real
Thank you Rachel! Wonderful work
Someone slide into my dms
Good morning
You are most welcome
a side benefit I thought too much on.
Thanks
Gillian about the success of Stella's wardrobe
Source :GAnews
Goodmorning
How strange! At least only tomorrow to wait!
thoughts about G12 S5 sir? Nakasala pero bumabawi.. Nice.
Lmao...... I know what you look like from the back
Hallooooooo dear
How are youuu??
Do you feel good?
Just wanna know you that I looooooove you.
Semangat ujiannya, wish u luck eto. //
Women In A Mesh Are The Heartbeat Increaser
Have you had him scanned for a microchip? I'm feeling an Ozzy vibe from him!
I know sorry - off a tad. But be back
Piscis
Imma sit here and wait till you try to spill the beans to my parents cuz hun they already know
Candied yams, cabbage, Mac n cheese & fried chicken for dinner
These selfies ALMOST make me forget it's Monday (51 Photos)
Goodvibes please
Cuffing season is amongst us and officially taking applications take a big guy preferably with a beard.
My body is revolting. I need a vacation.
shawty legit came down and organized my room for me
Amazing win here again. The unstoppable super happy
Just used Vampiredroid picture as a wallpaper for my laptop. I am so creative.
I really but gracias mi amigo
love this!
Update we went to the gallows again this weekend & I did not fall once. Go me
U make me the happiest
I love stealing cable
Starting over again
Hahhahah sureeee ate
happy birthday
I know what my next tatt gonna be
Run free! Use your stored ideas and go wild, make something of it!
Score so far so good
I'm excited for you guys! Finishing the post-production phase and now the
Up yours sonny boy
Yep. Sounds about right.
Congratulations young man Nice Harvest
maestro i really composited this strings demo to you, i hope you like it
it matter anyway because they will disband next week
Good Morning Monday
Son mi vida
Push push otro completado
Just wanted to say I really appreciate how fucking weird/experimental went yesterday at
ABS-CBN.
Morning Grind
Semangat ujiannya, wish u luck eto //
Trying to understand the chart
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off
She's a peach.
The UK will NEVER give up
play with DEMOCRACY
DANGEROUS play with
Yes, God of Covenant will be available for pre-order Nov 1. tweet the link when up
Annoyed
King of workplay
You are the most extrovert Capricorn I ever seen,
I think it is because you were born in the most
Thank You!
interested to know as well
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
Yeah they can for sure. Glad you're okay though
Yes Barb! See you soon! Good morning
thank u ate!
I actually live for Snapchat stories made gray delete the beard
Thank you, have returned
We'd love to see you across the pond in the UK
Why would you ever get out of bed? (50 Photos)
Thank you
Dinner at my mama house tonight
you are so sweet
Good morning
Thank you
I finally got my roast
Monster's inc is on bbl
Blackfeather and Malene "SchoolDays" skin concept
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Today was really nice
We set off with the TARDIS build early for Plymouth, the heavy morning mist and sun on
We just need to leave and as quickly as possible
If we ever meet up I have some spares if you want one for trading. Could give zeus one as well
Get delicious vegetarian ingredients delivered straight to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh
She was! There were definitely some guests who reacted more like your gif.
a paper called fun with semirings. Abuse of linear algebra
AWARD DI NAKO UG BEST IN LATE
Clean apt
Washed hair
Cooked my lunch for tomorrow
Now I can relax until 10
We all need an army of husbands
Anyone seen yet? on DaPlane
Goodmorning
I enjoy gassing people up for all the right reasons and they deserve it
Get delicious vegetarian ingredients delivered straight to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh
Thanks Marty!
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Childish but effective for me
Yay! You're welcome amigo
Crazy daylily flowering in my front yard today, all by itself
y sonrisa nueva
a tod@s
Only Available Today.
GET YOUR HERE:
Great for your family members
FREE
thank you, Merryl!
Perfect. follow-up around this time next week.
Yep, I went for a run always love pushing myself in different ways on my active recovery week
.
.
In other
Sorry, I believe the managers job
I like this filter
I might be
happy birthday friend
(If you're still doing this)
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Haha that's fair! Happy Monday on your side of the world, Thanks so much for sharing
there's the "D" touchdown everyone wanted
Thank you. I try to create a final Image that reflects how I feel when shooting.
Thank you boo! You up next
I'm at NITE NITE Good Night
Sweet dreams in Folsom, AL w/
Good morning people
Cause all that ugly diss out - comes back full circle
Big facts! Then say something too this little minion. waiting
old enough to respect it sir !
Enjoying my trip back home
Thank you. So very kind of you to say.
Thanks!!! I'll watch it when I have time, I'm sure it's worth it
Simply lovely
MyDay
trying to be friends
Thank you!
hey everyone
Hello good morning
You have a nice day and week
Check your dm
Glad off tomorrow & Tuesday
Grand Chase Reborn
I really think gonna be mad as hell too! Yessss going for Croke Park
Cider, sausages, and American football! My kind of birthday
Ouhhh i got something planned
fine now! This is a blog about my past ... thank you
Goodmorning
I would
So sweet!
I just like your tweets. No follow back required.
Thank you for the conditional IF tho
Done
Good ole days
Success is the greatest middle finger of all times
More than cool With your exceptional memoir and this amazing cast of actors, no doubt that Boy
Don't know what to get me for my birthday? Check out my wishlist! or you can send me
Best of luck to you and your family and hoping your daughter is healthy and happy
Always Most Welcome so kind of you have a nice time my dear friend
Whenever I get aired I just delete the convo and pretend it never happened
Goodmorning and thank you for the kpop dance covers
It'sssss just ok
oooh!! thank you. (I did not say that to tell people what to do btw just that I personally wouldn't RT for my reasons.)
At Little Explorers Preschool We Put the into Early Childhood Education! Come and Join Us on These Wonderful Learning Adventures!
almost like we have a really good defense!
Good morning how are ya?
Cause you like them
Happy Sunday! Hope everyone is having a good weekend so far
I don't drink but I do like the Judds and that song.
+4
this is the video you're looking for
been listening to charli, tommy and mia all week ughhh Indian women stay winning
Let me sucked them nipples until dey point forward
My goal is to be outside more
you are an amazing guy I love your work pal
Keep the receipt Kristy; you will be returning those before the turkey is on the table
MREs be smacking boy
I am mind blown...something in nature you did not know? I have to say somewhat relieved
Okay babygirl sounds like a plan
So adorable!
Great!!! so welcome. Glad I could be of service
good to see answer right next to the legend and icon MJ
Why screenshot my post of me and Omar ? Lmao. Stop sending Jordan shit I post annoying as fuck
fee aman ALLAH
Yes.
Mailed in my early ballot
Gmorning
It was an Ark raptor.
It's a thing.
I sponsor a Child in Guatemala through Project Compassion Shelyi She loves her
Natalya is the first one I saw
Bang hot babes
alicia rhodes japanese family latina lesbians norway redhead
Mood.
So blessed to have inaanaks who give me advice. Really appreciate them
You should add U.S. To Air Force, so that folks don't think you mean RCAF, given you guys are Canadian.
i love when i can have an adult conversation w/ my bf and we can actually talk w/o yelling and come up w/ a solution .
Thanks for that, try to give them a read soon
If it was PR then it has backfired on them, in my opinion. The number is ridiculously low and they
Haha, thanks girl
It'll be week 5 in about 3 mins
Were you able to use this code?
Well to you I say.. thanks for posting it!
It was like
I can't say enough about her.
Just spectacular. I hope we could see more of her.
Gotta come to NYC and make new friends fooler
nice pic of Chicago there
Kyeom Morniiingg...
Have a nice day
Good morning everyone! Have a nice day ahead goodluck sa work and school.
loving the premium snap
And apparently had a week to tell me about it. Can I just blow their life by my spit and salt. Jaemin please hold papa.
I heart reacted it
..
Thanks Michael
Multiple takes means multitude content We know you won't let us down ds
from the US
I prefer your kecks
She makes me happy
Literally my favorite song from the album and I wait for it come out for everyone
I'm done giving you my time... You had it long enough and did nothing with it.
Thank you
$DASH Dash price: $155.39
Binance is TEMPORARILY accepting new users! GO!
I'm waiting for closer to Halloween
Sarap sa ears
So peaceful....I assume you had a centering, stabilizing, all-around enjoyable time while taking photos!
bebe try putting on salonpas patch or yung gel and stretch mo? Hope it helps and feel better soon
hoping for a better monday
Early followed by a movie and play recommendation by
So happy i got to see you today
I just streamed Joanne today not as easy for me to pop on as other albums, but good and I appreciate it.
same here po! thus more blue and white sa poster and konting grungy pale yellow
Coincidentally took me Snoopy sweater
The cutest thing.
Same
Your happiness is my happiness
This is enough...
My family
3 days later: my
Cuteness!!!!
Get pumped with Lani (30 Photos)
Happy Birthday!
I think he(dog) found his own
Good morning SEMBREAK!!
I like to go alone and join someone else alone. Gives both of us some company and a possible new friendship
in your body if you eat meat
We started this tradition five years ago today! Carving pumpkins and roasting the seeds. Today has been lovely
Take a deep breath and you will be fine Good Morning!
*Yoink* places in pocket*** Thanks
Serious OREO stackers!
thank youuu :'))
no my hair is naturally curly
On an afternoon like this our eyes met and love was born .
That wine bottle?
Good morning
Apparentlyy husband know more about IIUMMC.
Doakan suami ceq interview harini
We shouldn't find excuses to start a day without a smile. Goodmorning!
This one I won in a battle
First day of a week-long whole day classes !
Happy Birthday !
Enjoy your day
Godbless!
Start your day with a prayer and smile
I wonder how hard I should punch you to get you to shut the fuck up
!!
Can refer here
A rockstar who still needs to be under your tutelage
Thank you Chummie!!
Lovely
We're glad to hear that. Enjoy!
Goodmorning
E be like say two of them Dey craze ... jehovah has the final say
Gracias, igualmente
hehehe willing to risk again
Luckily, we stan BTS. Quality music over hit songs.
Glad you like it
Will be at XU the whole day today! Good morning!
suggested Chewbacca so I think we will go with that!
Awwwwe poor child. May she find peace and happiness lol I thought that was the cutest thing though lol
You guys too
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
Not sure why your body measurements are relevant , but good luck to you.
boo
Or dies.
Can someone just be my boo for my b-day, just that day tho
Thank you Queen Lolien always choosing kadybeauty Self-Employed in Killeen
Enough money to give me some?
with get_repost
5 generations
Hate being bored at this time cos I pretty much end up cooking a 3 course meal and moan when I put weight on
Biggest Sale of the Year.
ORDER HERE:
Classical for your friends
FREE
definitivamente
Not only that but just one of the best people and a really good wrestler to you know
My pleasure
no on today... as always, stick with you till 10am,
Just did I feel great
Father and son play time!
This really my fav filter
who wants to take me
The lyrics are pure poetry And quite emotional and illustratable... Is that even a word?
be poor get some money spend it
A mi me gusta heladito
Nice to have finally met you last night!
Good luck to you, mate
I plan to get back on track with my work outs this week too, its better to
on Twitter:
TYSM BAGUIO FOR
Absolutely! The game is very friendly and easy to play.
You should watch, you get a shout out in my bio.
ChrisJZullo for Pres!
it's a real dancehall
I don't believe I just tweeted that!
Finally worked up the courage to wear a light lipstick, makes me feel fancy
i numbered them so you know where to start
Aww, thank you so much!
Welcome to Curious Cat!
We're happy to have you here
Have fun and be nice! hi world
cute laugh at the end though
Happy Birthday !! I hope you have a brilliant day and that you're feeling much better so that you can really enjoy it xx
Happy Birthday
Save travels in Atlanta and give us an win in primetime tomorrow night!
Successful scrimmage today
Because into you.
Riverdale.
Inhumans
Insatiable
On the way break up
Guilty.
Happy Birthday to my Sweet Baby Girl.
ANDREA MAINE JAPSON ABESAMIS.
I Strongly Believe that Plans
Yayyyy thanks.. Will claim later, can i?
Jane Zhang
Link works now.
FELIZ DOMINGO
I was kind today getting my nice back
Yes it is!
Aaaand the WHOLE world celebrates with one massive party!
Happy days!
Water is home, just dive in! .
I think I love the sound of rain outside my actually so calming
Aww good luck!!
Of course.
jamming out in the car puts me in a great mood
Is it internacional? Thank you for this btw
Inspirational episode of tonight. The world has come so far since then! would be proud.
Let the games begin
But I got it
Had so much fun at Boo at the Zoo and loved getting to meet new people
The lil things mean the most
Junto con los en el twit
of the Week: Lemongrass
Refreshing and helpful in
my man just got bit by a wolf but i actually fuck up and hit it with a heavy hammer so he lived bitch i
Mom- smell funny, what have you been
Loving my dirty puppies like a good dog mom
Merci Kim Namjoon
Waitin for tonite hehehe~ are you excited? Coz I AM
Yes we also probably need to make our members more aware of those topics too
Happy ISAD day
To all the people out there who stammer.. I believe in you you can do this. We all
watch. like. comment. subscribe. all dat.
no on today... as always, And
Se precisares de guest ou inf para o Halloween envia MP
Thanks for the love! glad a fairlife fan.
im a mother!!!
Wa nakoy labot hehe WALA JUD KO NAHANGOL ANA NIYA INYO NA NA KAN.A
Well, did the gorgeous red sky predict correctly? Enquiring minds wanna know.? Hope you're having a good day.
Many of us who live in El Paso were shocked that his name is Robert because here we've always known him as Beto.
Junior
hold up i know late but i wanna hear it.
After working retail 40hr a week, I now enjoy telling people No
A wee bit of before sleepy time x
Happy lazy Sunday...
I Really Miss My 7 Boys Take care always guys
Thanks! It's been a busy weekend! Just now getting to actually get the computer. I will check it out now.
04262222534 solo WhatsApp
Another half marathon in the books. Glad mama came out to cheer me on
Goodmorming!
working on commissions rn
That nap was everything
It truly is all about the little things
I'm happy. Kaya
Ang mga tao nasa paligid lang. You just need to learn to notice and appreciate them.
Venezuela is available for all the Trump haters!!
Thank you, have returned
yeah, if the water temp isn't or better, I'm not getting in. Glad you had 'fun' though
yes, me
A nada
Morning beb
4 weeks till Grey Cup week! wait
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Yeah probably would piss too smh
Never been more proud well done boys
Just Pray
Update: Great day
Me too!
Congrats!! Hope everything you dreamed of!
Thank you
Ik u wanna 92 pure stretch 4
Just this one in this style
My profile got the balloons
Thank you po!
My motto eversince!
Goooooood morning
"Slurpy kisser and cuddlebug. Guess who is which!"
Does it matter?
Spread kindness like frosting on a cupcake
I lost 13 lbs in the beginning of my pregnancy and only gained 8 lbs of it back. Stryker only weighed 8 lb 4 oz
learn to be your own friend
Goodmorning
I hear you Melissa
U make me the happiest
You need to get your ears checked because not what I said. I know a doctor if you need a recommendation.
Yes
two from last night
Marian, do you have a source for comments? A link? Or maybe where on TV or radio? Thank you
Oh wooow well we thank you
Thank yooooou! check it out.
Thank you. gonna put one on you.
Cicely Williams, Assistant Principal. I spent time with my mother by shopping.
Uncharted
Thank you for replying
My pleasure Jackie
Thank you so much! Honored to help lend a voice to this inspiring event supporting women in aviation!
not in the mood to ruin one's life today. not today, baby
Good morning
I tell if hiding from me, or being sneaky
the price of fame
Thank you! Love your pla. And that green and yellow go great together.
Lucky T.I you get to show WHAT she really IS.... thank you
All this reminiscing makes me happy
Cody surfing to bless your Sunday
Thank you for your kind words
thank you
Yay!! Points Thank You
My 1st ever concert. 7 years ago!
Your last few tweets have made me want to bake pumpkin seeds
I'm taking partial credit for this tweet
Good morning Twitter-Friends
Have a wonderful new week
RT ~Let today be
proud
sorry that happened to you , if ever wanna talk dm me I promise not like the others
Thank you so much for inspiring us not to give up on things we love i can proudly say you are my happiness
We
Jules, omigod you kept it up!!! Just few days to go, you can do this!!!
AAA, yes reference pictures help a lot
I love this team. Best of the best
Thanks
1. Dunno. Ask publishers; their area, not mine.
2. Ake fest.
Good Morning
Haha happy to be black.
enviei
When stressed, dress good
Finally got my desk set up
Welcome
Get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off your order with
What is this?? & you owe me $100 we can do Venmo,square cash,zelle ... etc
look the game you was telling me about
sitting next to that book as I read this! CLRS Shout out to Kleinberg Tardos also - pretty much
watching The Shining for the millionth time bc I still love it
Dont steal panda's favourite
Thanks cee u still remember me
Spitting on someone is the ultimate disrespect and at that point you have been granted your death wish.
This makes me so happy
Night
& for more Videos!
Some of are PATHETIC and need to GROW THE FUCK UP !!!
Just this one in this style
Oh my gosh, love this
Trynna stack mine as high as yours
good now and making awesome memories
Number 3.
I actually add shito to everything I eat. The list is quite small tho. Got a weird eating habit
You will not regret it
Considerably. The region around Rochester is full of natural beauty
Hallooooooo dear
How are youuu??
Do you feel good?
Just wanna know you that I looooooove you.
Great to catch up with you today. Thanks for connecting
jalyn! Lol we should make a like gc for everyone who commented on this. Just a thought? Plus
de ontem na p.a
Takes one to know one pretty fantastic yourself
Rich seems helpful.
Finally done with branding my channel. A play on my middle name, my love for aquatics & Aquaman
Me all the times
But deep down I know that whole situation is DEAD to me
It's finally scarf weather, yes
Here's "Sea Foam," one of the pieces I composed for my fiance's wedding present. Shhh! Don't tell him!
why we really be like
/\
| / \ /\
| / \
No, a colleague at work keeps on about it so will be watching it as soon as I have time
Never believe anyone who says negative about you. Their perspective is not your reality.
I have a thought experiment. What if states stopped having a sex designation on birth certificates?
Yesss naman! May God bless the both of you. You deserve it.
Get to know me
keep seeing this. Going into a movie so like this and I'll do them on the car ride home if it
I don't judge. It's not legal here and I wouldn't want to smoke it
i was before him, this is just lowkey malarkey pal dw
I'm here
Nahiya lang ako to ask for a hug but just being in the same space near you was an honor
Started using Twitter
Follow up: please maybe drop some good username ideas
I have one for you
Whooop Intrams na!
Video going up at 5 :00 today and 2:00 pacific standard time
Enjoy
Okay
just how Texans roll!!
welcome
You and me both
Well guess that's just another thing you've gotten wrong.
Age with Grace More fun money to your Account Allah Blessings Always Allah ya Raya ki na zo Biki
This. This makes me smile. Thank you.
summer trip
He is the world wide handsome
boo on the radio
Who got it?
Ha, aw thanks ha. And yeah I just feel a bit annoyed that I still get asked for ID ha.
let's reach 7,2 M for this weekend. we can do it, right?
21st: 7,138,735
22nd: 7,145,708
3 hours? Lightweights.
I took Tanky to the dog park today and then I went to and got him some vanilla ice cream
I have read some of yours! Im an avid reader haha guess that's why i ran out of aus fast
Same as you
de leve
Wow!
Awesome, a good rendition
Hope he can have a crack at UK anthem please!
Our is dreary and needs livening up like this
Miss too
Awesome! So jealous!!
i want a boy best friend like a legit one. doing shit me and a bitch would do jus the opposite gender
He uses it!
Want to get a tube? Let me know. Will give you discount.
de leve
Yeah, no worries! Go right ahead! I'm glad you like the idea.
Good morning
Prepping for and watching hockey. Not a bad way to spend this Sunday evening
Woofs! Happy share KORU BEAR
Chicken Christopher... (at in Toronto, ON w/
soon
Look there are only so many pictures of Masjids in Fallujah that can be shown.
Congrats dude!
awwww shucks I bet you say that to all your followers
Soy torpe, pero existen los curitas
Lol the race is not fit the Swift!
So happy for this comeback Finally OT9 are coming
Everyone is the house is getting sick BUT good thing my boo, my girl and I have our flu shots
I will finally be Lilo this year
In love de mi jersey.
anyway check out my blog yes
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness
van, van.
wuy grabe sya o, wag ganun!!! lamyu ms chi!!! so happy to have met ang hugged you finally...
MATIGOL (BANI) FALLS
Arakan, Cotabato
Oh aighhh
Thanks yes great to see you and have good catch up. Congratulations again Keep in touch
Thanks! Almost there.
Sorry I missed you! Would have given you a hug!
Thank you and you are most welcome.
This kitty cat is so adorable
No worries. Good morning!
goodmorning uwu. i hope u're happy and confident today!
wait
Bye Catherine never see u again
See you on Nov. 10
Jwu goodmorning
Corn beef with egg for my tummy
I would imagine the reunions are quite pleasant.
and no one took him serious or up on those statements because they knew he was talking with
Look there are only so many pictures of Masjids in Fallujah that can be shown.
Rt & like pls .
It was tough to put it down yesterday! Going to later on
official starting next Thursday be working at my new job.
If that becomes his trademark, I endorse it !!
off
Patiently waiting for 1pm. Free WiFi kicks in
V you're a Fallen Angel 1981 by Jean-Michel Basquiat
Well Me And My Sisters And BFF In There
Love the Bible thump one!! Your artist did an awesome job on all these
whew okay God is on our side
De hoje cedo
My old elite controller broke about a month ago.... wifeysauce came through today with the clutch purchase
Sounds like one of the Huniepop girls is wearing that combo in the game.
It's done !
I hope my mercs can be of use
Ran into a childhood friend doing his thing at work Hey Russ
Love being able to smile at each other
Sexy as always
I have been, thanks! :) ..and also for the follow back. Missed ya !
We will think about it
Definitely not a chain. Good old-fashioned diners are the best.
Done Thanks for the chance
Thanks Hayley
pues he sido un poquito creativa
Good picture
I'll stick with
I forgot to save a sketch I worked on for 2 hours
*the lot
Y bastante
you know how i feel
These cheeks get smashed to smithereens so trust I dont need any of you to like them. EYE like the photos I post
Winter hibernation food.
Hallo dear
How are you??
Do you feel good?
Just wanna know you that I looooooove you.
(sth like
had a super good night!
Had a blast in Longview, Texas
Good night gamer folk!
Awww...
RT If we were all in the same room 2gether I'd bring a batch of cookies
cause i be lion .. sikena niggas dont want that.. they want the old church virgin mary me.. boy have i changed
Much respect to her for staying on task. I might have fallen out in dramatic fashion...all six feet of me.
thanks sydney!!
Ahhh eles ficam juntos
Im sad to just now to hear about this but happy to see things are getting better! We love ya Gee qnd only want to see ya happy!
Hello beautiful lady in red dress WOW you look very beautiful sweet pretty Lindsey
You can go to their ticketing counter and buy for online, there are only Nu Sentral and Gurney
That ls so are you hun.
This won't happen even in dreams is our first and only enemy.
but I respect your opinions
I just posted the list to my GoogleKeep. Thank you.
I'm dislecksick hi hello I read this as "victorious" turtle instead of "Vicious" turtle I
Give me one of your lipsticks
Jumbo
I mean I already do but now I won't be hot
Fair enough!
Oh Lord. To be fair you know why Hotel California was (tragically) cut short. Looking forward to seeing you next week
I'll take you drunk or sober - either way you are awesome
Noooo drive thru ... just sayin...
ILL BE IN ATL IN FEBRUARY
thanks bethany, much love
Lol! - I was going to say "was that for you??" - then Jensen said your name. How cute!!
Ingat!
Get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off your order
yay for couches and books and sunday nights
We are just a good mix.
Love you!!! a new day starting now. Watch some funny vines and smile it helps! the best!
Thank you
Thanks for the follow back!
esta mi cuarto
gladly adopt you as my little sister.
Blowed as hell
Happy
Scalpers pls fuck off for ticket sales thank you
Sana happy ka palagi Basta Im with my friends happy ako. Thank you.
Had a photoshoot with !! Comment your thoughts !
I need more multi hour appointments
for suria sabah, you can try and check at their ticketing counter for offline ticketing
Justin tucker I appreciate and all the ravens fans
tiene buenos amigos.
This is the first time tweets like this are working for my good... 88%
Hoy fue un lindo
That's it! Final official piece of MSc coursework submitted! It's been 2 long years but it's been worth it for this moment
So happy to be home!
Thanks for sharing Mindy
Stop making plans with me if you gon flake last minute
Hey, Dan. Thanks for the shout-out to our Digital team. We appreciate you choosing Delta. *TMG
What a fun day! Thanks
Thank you!
But you know who isn't a butt?
Phichit. What a good.
Thank you
Wow Awesome
God bless you po
These are the people who went out of tbeir way just to show you how much u are
I had a lovely weekend
lmfao okay im down she paying
Goodmorning!
Miss Out On.
ORDER HERE:
Makes a perfect gift. Buy 2 or more and get
Also my boyfriend met my grandma for the first time yesterday and we went out to eat. It was a very nice evening
you're welcome
I've been told that
Hello everyone, have a Good Sunday! much love
Good morning
What An Amazing Weekend! I Couldn't Have Asked For A Better Way To Spend These Last Two Days...
Is
Making pancakes while listening to songs after a long grind. This is my
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
I'm awake too
U too kuya ghe ingatsss
Stellar $XLM price: $0.241323
Binance registration is now OPEN for limited time!
you need is - Hippies
Maybe u should call and talk to him to tell his dad. Cause he shouldn't be lying to his family.
Thank You Still on cloud 9...lol
Today is the day
Great Deals for a Great Cause.
GET YOUR HERE:
Supreme for your family members
You're welcome she even uses a beard in the movie. She's amazing.
Quite the homage to Jamie - - - or Sam?Very well done.
Good morning!
We're Home ADN
It's James Bartman!
Goodnight
He so eager to be in bed with someone
Such a great game.
See what happens when black folks get to tell stories congrats to and
Gabby!! glad it a cavity
Get delicious vegetarian ingredients delivered straight to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh
What a powerful article! I want to be a peace teacher!
Haha nah just slap on some lip stick and your good
wait
What a great time we had!
Today we had the pleasure to participate in the de in Paseo
InsyaAllah I will be a better person
too spoiled
on GSN just so you know
You're one of the few who shines bright Happy Birthday mam !!!
My Sunday afternoon.
Past is past
bueno mi Instagram es nicoveronok ahre
Love his explanation and choice of vocabulary adorable
Supposed to be flying to Berlin in 2 hours but US Embassy tryna accept my visa
Tracy, please check my DM when you can. Thank you.
Good morning, Jollibee
Sayo sa buntag fastfood.
Shortening ze lifespan mga amego amega
Thanks, Kevin.
Me after being on YouTube for 2 hours about to open Twitter:
My homework due tomorrow:
Anyone else just take the day off Facebook? It's been a pleasant, quiet one
This made my night
Time to smoke a blunt SBS
1 Cross + 3 Nails = Forgiven // 4Given
My phone updated and I really don't know what to do about it. It looks weird. But I like my new emotes.
Hallo dear
How are you??
Do you feel good?
Just wanna know you that I looooooove you.
(sth like
Yieee. May God bless you. Jilyam and Nova deserve to be happy after all. I am so happy that you
Been waiting years for the NBA to come to prayers have been answered
Currently reading: Just One Day by Gayle Forman
Tqt tqt
Every Sunday me and my family play UNO for hours
Here
Hey all! Our perk was really easy, it was just a cast follow on Twitter.
Here are my all 5 answers dear team wish to be lucky to win with you for the first time Fingers
I heard one of my cashiers like me so now finna be a bitch to her
1. go to my profile
2. click on the website
3. slide ya fingers all across the screen
4. Ya welcome
all good. Thanks for asking
the best smile
I have a question about something on Depop. I sent you a DM on there if u have a chance please take a look at it.
Hell yes
Quem comprou do Ali Express e do Wish, chegaram algumas coisinhas de Hong Kong
Both mine and husbands teams won today so a good day
Just wait
Happy birthday
Que fofo
Phone on dnd for the rest of my life
goodmorning
She will be on bathroom duty Everytime i see her
Shop our new fall shadows! Here's swatches of a few of them
Good morning!
Start your day with good vibes!
Ikaw na muna
Good morning
Oh great what I m reading nowadays is the count of monte cristo by Alexandre dumas
Thx
Or you can just go be a lions fan
You deserve to smile
There's a blessing in Humility
"There's a rainbow after the rain"
good morning Vice.
ingat always.
yabyuuu
If you ever need to talk my inbox is open
I just collected an extra chance to win a cash prize with
excited
im down to chill with this weather.
Doubt it! Never under estimate the power of the silent majority
If you needed another reason to laugh...here it is! LAUGH good for your mental and physical health
Amin.. Good luck!!
Hindi yun yabang , TRUTH YUN thanks for reminding me pala .... yes and MAYAMAN plus Talented
I would be very excited if you were my 1 follower! I'm a big fan of yours!
really not that difficult to understand
Many congratulations Reggie! That's great news!
And the bestest cousin
Thank you. I owed it to others after being through so much hell.
Good morning
GoodMorning
Not all of us can be blessed with looks, but my mum thinks I'm beautiful
Much needed! And that wraps up a rather lovely day
And the bestest cousin
Vai as duas mesmo rs
I love our President so much! He's one of us...
grab me some Doritos please
In life, you gotta learn to accept and embrace yourself, no matter how difficult that might be and go be yourself
thank you so much everyone
We gon see who the wcw is for this week
Thanks Lis *whispers* I did pretty bad and I see you're picking up some of my slang
This nap I took on the 3rd floor was too sweet. Now, lemme get some work done
Thank you, have returned
Fires of Mordor in that first pic!
AwwWWWW I hope it lasts forever!
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
your father. Your father is the sugar daddy
Thank you~
It makes me happy all day along
20th birthday is the best birthday ever~
Great!! Thank you
Hey Jen hope your good?
I think my smile can describe how much fun I had
Thanks
You sure hyung? If something happened you can tell me take care and be careful
Fuck roses give her sunflowers
Be my peace not my pain
That is also okay
When someone gives you the keys to their home ... trust !!
YoUr wElCoMe
Happy birthday ! I hope you are having a great day! Miss you girl
These are silicone & steel
Thanks, MB!
Take your time if you wish.
So many characters! It looks like very happy family time though We'll wait on adding it to the Happily
Last night was so much fun!!!!!! It was so great to finally meet you guys!
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
No but I will definitely tell her about it thanks so much Liam
Thanks jake !!! Hope college is going well
//I'm glad you like it that's the reason why I love my hometown I have a lot of opportunities
no place like
Absolutely
jwup, goodmorning
Oktoberfest in Big Bear this weekend with the family was a blast Oktoberfest - Big Bear Lake
Orientation for my new job tomorrow!
WHEN IS HAPPY, EVERYBODY IS HAPPY TOO !
Thanks!
Yay!! Points Thank You
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Cowboys r done
Thank you
Thanks peter
welcome
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
Accept my request on IG
fucking shut up
I need a reset day about once a month.
Mmm no, seguro
Himself for a chance.
My babies back home
Thank you
Totally agree!!
Rt if I can fuck your wife
Good morning
Thank you
is like the Stan Laurel of Adult Films if you don't know who that is look up Laurel and Hardy
Wow ! Congratulations sis
cuddling my dog on the couch and eating mad & cheese while watching spooky movies. Life is okay right now.
Thank you
Thank you
To ha uns 2 meses fazendo isso
I'm excited!
usatf: RT emmajcoburn: thanks, iaaforg
Hey bestie
Let's be independent together. i love youu.
Stop, you're making me blush lol
Thanks so much for the advice!
thank you
Que isso chefe
Better you than me
Good morning
Done
Let us keep on fighting for everything will be worth it in the end. God bless to everyone this examination week!
Thanks for the chance
Thanks brother!
im gonna be ernie from bert and ernie for halloween who wants to be bert?
Ur welcome! we should talk sometime and be friends if you want.
hearing "you are so pretty" really makes my whole day
it?! Thank you
This UCLA volleyball player just got spiked in the face, but still a smokeshow
This pleases me.
Count on Hillary Clinton running again in 2020 via
Tan bella!
Puro Sabor! en el camerino de 'Shakespeare Enamorado'
IG juancastillom
What time will MV come out?? I forgot
I too have followed various protocols, since Dean Wells was my local.
Stop and
.
.
.
Want an affordable travel package around Sabah? Reach us
.
.
Praying this week is a happy week!
I know the year is not over yet but can i kiss you next year
Local broadcast is still on in Tampa
My husband's anticipation for these hotdog deals is a riot. I'm a frozen yogurt kind of gal
You Mr, deserve it all. Such talent
Happy Birthday lodi jess Godbless u
Awww... cute... I will...
Goodnight everyone
This is my dog Sam Fiona he came into the veterinary practice where I work as
Thank you, Peter
Mm un poco , thanks
Thank you
So I see! If anyone was destined to own a pub, it just has to be you. I'll just have to visit when I'm in town.
Thank you so much for such a peaceful pic.
Tagged by
ditto Brat
Hopefully next homecoming is lit so I can take my 1 year old Ethan finna be lit at his mommas Alma mater
Sunday Funday with Hosting now!
Nice meeting you rin ! Kitakits sa mga next ganap!
Thank You
Amazing. Thanks a million
Good Luck
Thank you I hope all is well
Thanks! That's probably true for most critters
Salo fan de
Thank you
none of business!!!! Just know happy New Orleans, Louisiana
30 minute sprint starts now! Let's write something happy
Ordered myself some red glasses and I be more excited to go back to them. had all the colors but
very nice sseing you enjoy life i love youuuuu!!!
A2. Seeing my books on bookstore shelves. And, yeah I'm giddy right now even thinking of that!
Good morning!!
Loving this weather
Low key I love when people call me Chef. Only like 3 people do but it makes me happy
Quieres ser mi bestia friend? Ahre ya te amo
Thanks, something to look forward to From the few bits my told me it sounds fantastic.
Thank you, and we really have
I'm really doing this
Oh yes!
thanks
Awesome job beautiful lady
I feel like I am still floating after the most wonderful day!! The was
Salt and Sanctuary and maybe Deadcells.
someone learned how to smile this weekend hope your weekend was just as magical!
Right here
The titanic is on
Sa mga DevKi fans Happy Monday! Read nyo poh ung article about kay sunflower at clover leaf .
Lmao thank you
Oktoberfest in Big Bear this weekend with the family was a blast Oktoberfest - Big Bear Lake
Meant it as agreement more than a race or anything but thanks.
45 consistently accuses others of that he
thanks
Awesome! Just always want to be sure when I edit artwork, especially my fave pic
Yes, on this Friday over half term
always next time po
Repost by
pre-order available now! What's your favorite song so far?
Definitely my dear
not-so-secretly glad, it makes me happy seeing his royal cuteness on my feed
Se tiver bebida favor me convidar
Thank you
So glad that please you A friend asked me to do it, but I thought maybe others HF'fries would be interested in too
ME, RIGHT NOW.
To finish off the chances then look for a top striker that fits Sarri ball
Feel free to leave your thoughts
They are available online
Hallo dear
How are you??
Do you feel good?
Just wanna let you know that I looooooove you.
(sth
It felt like a second Monday yesterday (Sunday) due to work, but another Monday to go.
lmao & lol I have a full time job so no reason to worry anymore, adulthood is nice
Thank you
Morning..have a good & happy today
Girl will mesmerize you with her hula hoop skills (Video)
My pleasure. Thank you for hosting!
The I really hope you like them
Best to block the morons. They worth your time!
been soo much happier these days
Hey folks please help us welcome
It's good to see our boys having fun. Congratulations guys
Thanks girl!
Watching saw with my cluster
read the thread from top
Love it all
Domingo
Lara! I love this!
La
Hi! Thank you but for now po for trade muna siya
COWBOYS STRESS ME TF OUT
Just failed my midterm
Good morning
Brooo Im excited!!
Happy birthday! Enjoy your Jordan year!
Gonna start writing book reviews for the books I read
Pornography, defiantly porn One day one day i'll get my wish
wish us luck! duo performance today
I'd like to see that.
One Day
You might want to ask the marketing team that
Thank youuu!!
Thanks! help you out through the DMs
Both cute
I personally don't feel like you owed it; it feels more like your care for others shining through.
Water/ice.
GOODMORNING!
Have a good day, everyone!
Spread the love and positivity.
Happy 1st birthday Timmyyyy
very nice seeing you enjoy life i love youuuuu!!!
Early christmas shopping
Congratulations!!!! Sgaawaay Edge Of The Knife Crew, truly amazing I am sure there are more wins,
wait to order my best friend birthday gift she gonna love it
Top spot.
Where our HT belongs
Good morning and .
Bon dia ADN.
For me its not IF ill rewatch but more WHEN will i rewatch!
Why thank you
What a beautiful boy may he RIP
I want him to win
Thanks, Maya. Late barkday wishes are pawesome, it makes my special day last longer.
thank you so much for your reply i'll wait for that to happen can't wait
Maybe if good enough for me
Sending you some ideas tomorrow.
Can we Cut him ??
Bandies are always killing it love ya fellow bandies y'all did a great job!
about to lose my mind
Love this
I lol to such tweets son
I was just saying I wanted a litttle side job when I can get paid cash and look at there, it happened today
Don't yah worry sembreak na next week
Im so glad I started following you. I enjoy your Tweets daily
Amen Rolly
Woow...
follow me on insta : high.imdessie
&
Also one of my fav
good morning
I spy with my little eye.
very welcome! We hope to see you again soon
Going to sleep happy for once
Aguardando
L-land..0-2
I feel great , what ab
Good Morning
thank you lily!! i can't wait for halloween
Goodmorning
On sky channel 109
Yes I know ... just checked in voot too ..
Just binged watched videos for about an hour
Her facial expressions and editing is hilarious
Very apt, and a favorite quote of mine as well.
the cutest so we blame you
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Just done
We go too beat Juve
No worries
welcome
five guys for the win
Happy Birthday, !! Enjoy your day!
Pwede mubalik?
The mostest
Glad you liked it, Shane! Keep us posted with additional thoughts about Google Photos.
I am not easy to embarrass. I do that myself better.
I would like you to answer my question dear poet
Yes yes. Bz tayo kahapon Next time talaga!
It is and it feels so good! Time for a bonfire
Well... Not really owner. More like friend. My friend protects me. I protect his desktops.
Maraming thank you
in Charlotte this week
Hey folks please help us welcome
Happy Birthday Tony! Wish you all the best! See ya next year
Please wish him a happy birthday
Exactly
Thanks Sudbury - been fun! bringing a little piece of you home with us though
Welcome to Canada. A big hello from Ontario!
And any of your chums available to go with you ? We need the room for the Geordie families
Don't believe a word. Even though.... What a track that was. Now understood totally.
Good morning.
Get delicious vegetarian ingredients delivered straight to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh
LF
Good night my sweet friend, sweetest dreams for you
I miss all the girls so much! I wait
I have degrees from both, so I get a pass!
Very true *All the cuddles*
thanks for the follow back . Good luck with the YouTube Tuts. I'll be keeping an eye out for them.
I gotchu baby
Thank you poooo!
Nice brotp
Aw thank you!
Good morning Engr.
The controller
Kathy im sure let a few of the illegal immigrants live at your place with you
Thank You!!
That's cool someone referred me this novel saying it brings change in ur thoughts and attitude
Wow this is amazing, thank you man
Everyday is self care for me
0x $ZRX is currently: $0.873654
We verified that Binance is accepting new users!
Chivettes bored at work (32 Photos)
Al jazzera network as well
bought my merch donated to the animal shelter next...cheers!
I would like to encourage every voter get out and vote and vote "Right" get
thank you so much for your reply i'll wait for that to happen
Early voting starts Monday at UCF boys, no excuse not to vote be on campus anyway
Your songs calm me down and make me feel better Honestly, I don't think I've could've gotten to
Oo naman. Thank You
I'm glad someone appreciates my taste in movies
See a need fill a need.
Respect and morals are clearly rare qualities to find in someone these days
Gfys
Boa noite!
Lol so now he gotta hurry up
Make monday is a great day
Oh no. Next time na lang!
can I sleep with you once in a lifetime Ms. Ryder
Okay so one i m finished with it I will read ur novel then I promise
Good morning
ada! tinggal yunhyeong and junhoe red version
And I just preordered the Katamari book
Namiss ko si ma'am Dorothy.
idk why you are the best
not do this pls
Ingat sakin
I the only time I do is when literally spawned a flower on my totem
Off social media for a while
See that Joon
Koreans want to be released on SK music platforms too.
International fans also
Sinus and chest tightness with all this dust, but happy that we filled 5 x large bags of clothes to give away
Thanks Stephen
Awesome weekend with talking to voters and volunteers (and puppies ) about the upcoming election on
bro u are included in that 3
you make me feel so young
I wish.
Omg me too! Here's to big sisters who drives us crazy af but are supportive and we still love them
Sana good news later Good night
Agreed! talked to him on Twitter and bought one of his books. only list to read
Yummy yummy
Empress gets what Empress wants.
Lazy day
Happy birthday Kim Hanbin!
voting PSA
Haha when you love what you do you forget about the time man i cant wait to get
Life is funny sometimes. Never take it too seriously. La vida es para gozarla
thank you
make a mf do right
I can say as much as I like ... and I will
Its okay dear.. i also got a lot of Jungkook
Hey Students!! See you all on Tuesday!!
Happy Birthday Aaron! Hope all is well with you and your family
Done
GOOD you should be!
Have a good trip
Happy Birthday, Enjoy your daaaay I love you God bless you always mwaaa
5 feet and 25 years old. No, I love being fun sized!
This made me so happy
Nice!
No problem love thanks for the updates!
You too
Mine
thank you found it on Pinterest
I believe that's where the title comes from (pretty sure the song's in the movie).
great news for those of us living outside country
Thank you. High praise coming from you.
Aww
That's the goal !
Futuros
..that is a good idea lol snuggling on the couch
scarlet you where bloody awesome last night you were born to do this my favourite performance
Omg comeback is near. I see yixing. OT8 stan bye bye. ctant wait OT9
No cake but I got an extra Delight biccie after each meal.
Ready for concert
A3 I'm not a big fan of audio. I like to hold an actual book in my hands and flip those pages
Mi vista
thank you so much for your support! Hope you have a great week!
Wishing my liver the best this week
Sure, we can if you want
vote for me and help me get in to the top 3!
It would make me so happy having your support vote for me
I got my furthest position in the Supernova today! even bust my poker senpai
So did I (obviously!)
ohh, relaxing & so nice there.. "handsome pup" and so, which one went swimming? (just fun) ciao!
Love it
ok . You still will have fun and enjoy it!
I can't speak for them, please...
But, I know houses will burn that day sha..
I'd love to!
Not bad.
I am SHE and SHE is ME and Bitch you will NEVER be ME
Thanks! Not a lot of treats but lots of hugs and games of fetch.
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
So... This year ; I want to be Roweena Macleod for Halloween. She is my favorite witch on Supernatural
Goodmorning
Happy Friendaversary! been a pleasure meeting and working with you
Okay okay okay I GUESS I like it here Philadelphia Zoo
Good morning
Votes are in!!!! We Gonna give another Homecoming Flash Sale Tonight Take advantage. This may be the last
Best couple of the tour
100%!
Congratulations to both of you
good morning ate reg have a nice day din
The has began. Have you voted yet? wait
Give 'em pumpkin to talk about!
No , I may not be physically alone .. but mentally there is no one in sight
I thought so too.
welcome
honestly thank you so much for your support! I hope you have a great week
just seen the hot chocolate video. Sucks about the drink but omg so so funny her reaction I was enjoying
Yep, life is complete. followed me
Alright!
if you have time try to listen to Heartbreak On A Full Moon album
Sending good vibes to your husband
Hope He enjoyed his day
7-0
can we like actually do this please
*blushes*. Thank you very much. I feel seven, I still feel like a young pup.
never bother me! I love a little connection and thank you!
Thanks deadline is 31/10 so even more time to get subs in!
Thank you
You are the best oppa
Love you a thousand time
jo log chala Rahe hain wo Alhumdolillah Bohat Zaheen Hain . Imran khan Sirf Maze Karain
Good morning
Anoche
I have a good feeling about this week.
When happy happy
Baby just stay the night
Goodmorning
Me* only attracted to me
welcome.
Well done team - proper storytelling on the BBC
No worries, Will Is Findlater a Scottish surname?
Come n get me boyzzz
2nd graders at Hatchett and Barnes and Noble completely agree. Hop into an adventure. Always a perfect
Thank you
Yes all possible and we all live in the hope for better things. Thank you for giving me that and inspiration.
Im most def a cowboys fan
Sometimes you gotta reread that DM that makes you ...
Today I made a Makey which is basically a roll up pouch for make-up and brushes. Or it could be a cool pencil
have fun with your merch and good thing to do
Goodluck and God bless sa exam later ne And sa atn this coming thursday
Way to start your week with a smile! Have an amazing Monday!
This is brilliant. Good for you. Now shut the door behind you and just do you.
pay someone for their Xfinity WiFi login help
True
John cena
That's 12midnight my time but who needs sleep anyway
Good morning
Mommy says thanks fur the compliment. not very techie so she was quite happy it came out well.
You have the fucking nerve to a in there.
Goodmorning
Dinner on... feeling lovely on this wonderful Sunday evening! Movie night blessed evening to you all
I know that's the fun part it sure made for a good workout . I hope you had a great weekend
Followed you on here and medium now. I just started writing on there lol. Happy to find ppl
Hit me up BITCH ITS ANONYMOUS LIKE HOW TF DO I KNOW WHO IM SUPPOSED TO BE HITTING UP
Thanks!!
Ifb
OMG! too funny
Belated Li
thank you.
I am happy thank you !!
Add one more sir! Please?
iPad, tv, wifi spin tweet, think
Had a stroke 2 weeks ago liz. Thought it funny to give it the finger to show yet another kicking and still I rise
No way the Chiefs lose tonight
Thanks, Jasmine. I love your avi.
Goodmorning pipol!
Date day with bae today was fun church, Apple picking & warm
youtober Day 2 is up for your viewing pleasure! Enjoy while I edit Day 3 which will be up later tonight!
Thank you!
Happiness = SHINE ON ME. LET IT SHINE ON ME.
Deliciousness in a cup!
Book your appointment today
Goodluck and Godbless sa games mo and take good care always Thank you anon!!! :))
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Chemo day. 2nd to the last session. Hope floats.
Ugh, for sure they will release something again at 10am KST but guess what i have classes so I will miss it URGH
Cool Fingers crossed
I stand by my statement.
You can never get tired of watching Friends.
Check your dm
Thanks, Macie.
For sure!
Indeed...Life is beautiful.
Thank you!
Hope are enjoying your Sunday We are staying busy over here Staying warm with coffee in
me gusta
Me dan amor ??
Happy Birthday Will! Hope all is well with you and your family
from - by Yn3 - Last Laugh
Sleep over
Damn no love .. I take home made cards
Oy. Oct. 22 pala ngayon. Hahaha. Happy one year!
Tapos happy 6th year! Charot. Iww.
goodmorning
One of the many, many reasons I LOVE the Warriors! and Steph.
got sumn from every category
Yes I just want us to have good memories with some great music
Yessss!! believe he missed the XPT!!
Goodmorning
That SMILE
ELO - Concerto for a Rainy Day via Filmed live at The O2, London in 4K
goodmorning
Day 7 - When you decide to do some MIST business, trying to live the Yacht Life Our second waterpark Wild
You're welcome x
here ... and it's for Magazine Photoshoot
In the mood to play some tomb raider
Thank you, have returned
you and are my family, from states away
|| That's cool! And thank you for the reassurance!
Bless you John! That made me smile
Ahahahaha. .i guess nways musta knmn?
sara
finally got to see my fav after FOREVER!!! welcome to the world of ny.
Being at a Ravens game when they choke makes me so happy
*blushes*. Thank you very much. It was pawesome.
"I avoided the conversation." Not surprising at all!
Turnep para siempre
give up , try one last time
Goodmorning!
have a great day everyone
Thank you so much
Goodmorning!
Herring in wine sauce by is my favorite.. it goes great with Ritz crackers.
God will provide
Hahaha! And I'm not far behind.
Snowflakes? on fire. They would melt on me
make her feel happy and take a gift for herself
Anytime x
Me looking out to the ocean through a magic mirror
I consider myself the fortunate one. I'm doing my best to observe a lot more too, these days.
AAA thank you! and you're right it was super fun to do too
I knew it
Thank you music hero!
It's when the People's Choice Awards are given out
Left my last bitch, good night
if i call you my slime then that mean you going slatt
So excited to here this!! We will get the same results as last time
Aww thanks haha tell him you said that
I'm from Portland, Oregon.
Good morning
at a high school. So always a sense of urgency (graduation, credits, etc.) Setting
got tickets!! dm me!
Absolutely Support Small Businesses
Remember the excitement of the weekend coming up, so you could get to the video shop to rent some of these hahaha
Ayy thank you so much for the support brother! <3
so mad at work but I see we winning so happy
You too!! Hope we can fall asleep soon
Thanks!
Thank you
After party for is starting off awesome!!
Back to school today!
It'd be amazing to live there
How nice!
Too sweet...I dropped 2K followers actually
AMEN! Feels great to be single again
Haha! I like to play Galactica - maybe a little too much, actually. Same
I hope so too
claro
This is my first time going so we shall see!
So overall, I would give this episode a 9.5/10! It was so much fun to watch
My favorite childhood movie. My first tattoo was inspired by the Auryn necklace
Woke up feeling kinda down, saw my boy and now happy
You never fail to make me
awesome, glad to to hear it. I enjoyed a nice quiet Sunday. Have a good week.
yay for the first time having an appetite
Congratulations! Beautiful girl.
Simply beautiful pets definitely touch a soft spot in your heart this is my beautiful Luna.
You were great tonightwe all wish your dad a very happy birthday
Celebrating Dr Craig Eaton Birthday is that a photo bomb
Magka mukha talaga!
I will look I to it now. Thank you
The sweetest girls at today's session
Bang Me tonight
horny wife juicy pussy sex pron hard
Your ok Ik ur not rude nice to meet u tho !
Awwww. This is so sweet!
I hope Meng gets to read this.
hair wash/face mask time
in the beginning stages of moving & im already ready to die
ojala se fueran dos azules, hoy
No problem at all Kate. Anytime.
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off
For sure The best days I miss the fandom and the cast so much .. Thankfully, every Sept in
Keep thinking what you always think
Bouta go have drinks with my girls
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Chica
No thanks
Done
I'm online
Welcome To My Room!!
GoodMorning
You're welcome
Tuesday
7-0 Rams . Woo hoo!!! Keep it up Rams
Next time I give you a ticket SHOW UP. Love you
Howdy Janette! Typos are just fine at We don't judge.
Alexandra Daddario is an unfair type of gorgeous (16 GIFs)
I got another date
Prolly she's the one cleaning all the mess?
(No one knows it better than someone who's there most of the time)
Happiness is a noticeable glow
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
I wanna take pumpkin patch pics
The Book Fair is Coming this week! 10/23-10/26
Use this link to volunteer
I can't w Charlie's
my favorite performance.
i do yes!!! mostly but some
Thank you so much mason!!
Thank you. It's good that you think about things but don't throw the baby out with the bath water.
Rainy morning
& he coming into town tomorrow cutting my phone off fasho
I rather walk 500 miles with you
dragging my mother to target this should be fun
Glad glad you loved it! Thanks to Ate for letting me know na gusto mo pala nyan
You
Go to university, find your future husband and bring him home for this Christmas.
So cute and snuggly
You know fall is here when you are having a beer near a bonfire
Ok so I'm actually modeling my new bras on Snapchat TONIGHT, so be sure to dm me so that I can add you before I post them!
Binance gives free money with airdrops!
Click here:
$BTC $ETH $XRP $XLM $NEO
It was a lovely afternoon Thank you all for coming and special Hildy Harland for the invitation Credits ryan
It's ok! thank you!
Wait. What's the name of tge show again?
These projects may make you rich
$ZEUS
$SHND
$FREE
$TRX
buy and hold
Gotta love shiny AR+ pictures Eau Claire Market
You can always message me if you got something.
That's what we're here for Adil. Always a pleasure assisting our awesome users.
Your kind words are much appreciated
Hablemos de igualdad
You only have until today to place your order!
Lmao me on the phone with my homegirl when you ask me to watch Lil Chris
Thanks for the picture & autograph ! Really excited to see you contribute this season!
Congratssssss
First day today! Good morning
I don't think it's fair people blaming you...glad your through to next week
Thank you Sally Baho, Cedar Street Times.
Am sorry she's married , but I can could come for yours,
cheer up, today's gonna be a happy day
I love this
The first one was the one I did and entered into the survey!
Thanks handsome
Why yes it is akshara
MonaCoin $MONA price: $1.15
We verified that Binance is accepting new users!
Corre. Traz a Rihanna pra brincar com a Harley na neve
Great job hard working EXO-L
EPISODE GOD, I HAVE SIN AGAIN. Lol, WHY THE DEVIL MAKE DO I'M JUST SAYING
I like that shirt btw!
Another
Cant play games with me when im the dealer
My peaceful place
Sweet! Still will be awesome for ya to be invited though. Guess well see for another time eh? Figures crossed
The best thing anyone can do right now is steam Yours!!!
Just watched amazing story with great actors, including good start into the career! Hope to see more
wait to do my hair this week
I love making new friends
This is very sweet, regardless of what team
You root for
Good morning GV ahead
Thank you
Well tell them the main bitch is resuming duties soon
Great pics! That must have been an exciting final 10 minutes. The shinies are my favorite part of community day.
A mi
Thanks hao
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
Your very sweet
Thanks sm
Thanks for the pictures and tag! Hope you had fun at the market
Im happy for you
HI FAM PLEASE HELP MY BBY SIS. RT RT! THANKYOUUUU!
Admit what? Admit it. nahhh i won't, i'm scared hehe
A simple good morning can really change the mood
Hope it won't ruin your mood. Have a good day!
Selamat
2 years in december/january
Seen it last night very good. But evil dead still my favourite
Okay, that's not fair, you are keeping secrets and teasing us again! Can't wait to see what you
Tito Andy miss you po see you soon!
Thanks G!
The Nightmare Before Christmas is a wonderful movie! Gus looks beyond precious, too!
Yay im happy and excited for you!!! im good too nikita
Oh okay
At citywear in Pomona
Syart your day thanking God
your favourite suburb in
Just made a reservation for and I am beyond excited
Ohhhhhh stop
Sunday night and we're eating breakfast for dinner!
Smoked salmon, avocado toast, eggs, dill, goat cheese =
Good Morning
May Allah ease everything today
P.S. It's great to connect!
Spreading the words really helps!! The more people we can get participating, the more money we can raise!
Sooooooo disqualified??? Asking for a friend
Sweet dreams, Otis, soft paw too! xxx
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
Where you wanna go & when ??
Thank you so much!
Bora
Oh that's great, only a few months left you'll miss the fall but it's not that beautiful I'll tell you that
WOW! Drama New Teaser! Please press on & leave positive comment for our
atualizando
LOL cowboys.
Great pic
The More Lawsuites... The Merrier!!!
after your performances last week something tells me you may well be getting an award or 2
My Vertical Images Collection for those special areas in life
She is so gorgeous & joyful in her new mud pool! Yay you
Sounds good. Block worse one it is. Ugh. We have no choice.
otherwise
Goodmorning
Good morning
is so happy right now.
Hallo dear
How are you??
Do you feel good?
Just wanna let you know that I looooooove you.
(sth
Dean?! really good pic
... BTW - I love this thread
Brilliant ! Thank you
Girlfriend me please
I'd have to be in the area for that lol. Live in South Dakota
Thank you so much to Stefanie N. Wagner who is another New Friend on Twitter! I hope you enjoy my Tweets
Exactly
geceler
thank you
Watching movies "everything everything " it's an awesome movie
Gracias, Mia
mismo digo!
sleeping my Sunday away knowing I have two papers I need to do
Poor Cowboys...
Righteousness
Good morning!
My name is Honey for the week and I will be addressed as such . SN: I have it tatted on me somewhere
Alrighty Ayesha, please do let us know if you require any further assistance. we're only a tweet away
Chriss Hatton
Would be happy to have you follow me back
Goodmorning !
All social media accounts need to see how hot my husband is. So here he is
Mom Caught Aunt and stepSon Having Sex Eng
Gracias
I knew you'd have the answer friend
Teach me wise one
you got it. RT ByeKandace Drew Brees has won how many games basically on his own??? Just last
Good morning!
New Monday here.
Have a nice day / night all
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
cool.
I like the scent of cigars; but have never smoked one.
I have watched them rolled by hand in Honduras.
My mom and is are going to make his a yearly visit! It was so fun, and a dream come true for me
thank you
thank you so much
Morning
Thanks, mon! be looking forward to seeing et al. CousinFest!
Vechain $VEN is valued at: $0.01
HURRY! Binance is currently accepting new users
Hii, ano enjoy mo lang yung sayans hehe stressful pero appreciate your friends and classmates
I already follow him so I get to keep seeing canela
Lord God, thank you for taking care of my heart in every burden I am in. For my parents po. Good morning!
I feel that same way about others tweets! & I hate to say this but I at least hope not
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Enjoy your holiday
Gdmorning
Gracias
Show me
Good morning friends have a beautiful day
How was it?
Posted new collections of watches hmm baka mamaya may post kana din ah? Haha same designs, style ,same photo! no no
Hola de mi y mi sonrisa
so happy I have friends to read with
It is so powerful!
The AirTrans were.
My best friend is kind of gorgeous.
thankyou harold
This Guy has his 8th Number One Song and I get to see him this coming week sing this Number One Song!! I am so
I love making calls
Sagittarius season approaching
thank you for the beautiful photos!
I can only imagine what they do in the garden. But they are so cute though
What are you happy for in your life?
-
What truly makes you smile?
-
Comment below!
-
There are only 5 days
Stay Thinking Bout Youu
It was a lovely afternoon Thank you all for coming and special Hildy Harland for the invitation Credits ryan
So cute! Also your wife is so talented. I would watch her show on Food Network.
When I have another mental breakdown on Twitter
Idek but we gonna find out sis i need to get this weight up
thankyou haha
Tommy I think you should just face it - famous
It was just powerful & real
I think it was most of us. Writers are dreamers at our core.
a whipped jeon at the back
so excited for episode of Making It Monday! Hope are too!
Beautiful!
saw ur boys
A must watch
Never be afraid to share your feelings. The worst thing is if you have no one to talk to. We are here.
Money and career upliftment
Who are you trying to reach at the office? Or what department? I will help if I can
thank you!
Good morning!
Uh yeah...not Soros
Aw adorable
Happy birthday hope doing well & having an amazing day
Thank you
Morning
- great prize x
That's a look of glee on your wee facey
Goodmorning!!!
Family day at my auntie house to movie date with my baby
done
welcome
My Lasagna definitely like that
Ripple $XRP price: $0.456436
Binance has stop loss feature to help protect your assets!
2nd most important streaming app after melon it counts in nearly every show I believe
and eating bananas
Looking good guys
Cool ass dude so uk im the most hated
i have tea with you :) or a pint your tweets make me think you'd make a interesting conversation partner
today is the day
4.5 weeks until I get to see this little one again
So happy to know! It's still one of my personal faves as well. Gorgeous characters are always a pleasure to work on
Your Welcome
Coffee and cuddles
Thank u sweetie
So with a 39-10 win over the hated 49ers the Rams are 7-0 for 1st time ever yay! Aaron Donald had 4 sacks and
This Guy has his 8th Number One Song and I get to see him this coming week sing this Number One Song!! It is an
Cowboys ass!! But collect my $100 tho thank you kindly
Met this guy in Quebec yesterday. He says he knows you
Hello
Perfect to relieve some stress.
Watching the 2008 Phillies World Champion story..
Never thought I could be energize Like Ooh Aah-Ooh Aah! ~
& for more Videos!
nothing like a lively discussion. I shared about this at my breaky meeting. Hope you had a good Sunday
Awesome
You are gorgeous
Fantastic! Thanks for the great giveaway.
What a win!!!!!!!!!
This will be ending 5pm(kST)
This Guy has his 8th Number One Song and I get to see him this coming week sing this Number One Song!! It is an
A wonderful interview with
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
Marathon FLASH tv series
In first year of university.
thank u!
Thanks for the response l appreciate it...have a great evening
I would love to my number 904-790-1250 give me a call
Fantastic! Thanks for the great giveaway.
Enjoy this dub Aints
But so enjoy this L and the rest of your Sunday
Big Hit brain uwu
my brain empty
Who ever thought of doing this chonje!!
Magnificent! brilliant!
el Comeback de Stray Kids (extra emocion)
Thank you
i dont but the principle
Done, are you the CEO?
Aww, thank you!!
We live and learn. Didn't know you wrote fiction, too. I'll look it up in a few
But the best feeling knowing that my apartment is clean
That would be lovely we should figure that out! I have any plans to go just yet
RIP me bc my sub ran out
Yassss sweetie how are you?
Thank you for all your support and care to us small content creators. We appreciate you
Hey Garnett Fans, Followers, influence and creates
This one's for all of you wonderful fans
Early voting starts tomorrow so if can, go vote for Beto.
Me too! They are going to love reading all these books. Can't wait for Tuesday
|| yay! I feel all special
yeah, kinda the sweetest
post pics of the surprise goodies later
you are amazing! Thank you for all your support
Could that be.... me?
Thank you
I appreciate the well wishes.
7th
carrying vs with my loyal friend darkstar
been watching all weekend try Truth or Dare, the Collection, & watching Tales of the Hood 2 now
Sibling Cum Session Pt.2- Dads In The Room!!
Aww baby. I'm so glad you got to visit the exhibit Love you!
No it means you will be blocked from posting anything, I hope
Of coueseeee. Subi cruises fix everything
Temos um dom
Go to my sisters on my way over there
One leaves every 15 minutes
102218
Than you
You have an amazing personality:) Thanks
U can come stay the week with me. Giants winning tomorrow night so be in a good atmosphere
"My next wife "
Congrats lad!!! You did amazing
still his screensaver So cute lbs
Team jawatankuasa penginapan istiadat convocation utk ahli LPU University
I needed this
Vas y dans ce cas
I hope all my tweeps at Arrowhead have a good time!
looking forward to seeing it!
Thanks Joy!
Las chicas
Ausente x distancia..
Be prepared to be my maid of honor wedding talk has been discussed a lot lately lol.
Thank you lovely to see you.
I'll hold you
"Never downgrade your dream just to fit your reality; upgrade your conviction to match your destiny."
Good morning Monday!
cute
Your profile pic is one of my absolute favorites of our favorite president and his incredible wife. Good choice
Hope everyone had a wonderful day
I missed an episode yet
Plastic one I'd say
Wohin?
What book changed your life forever. to kill a mockingbird
USA thank you for the giveaway
Hey
Peep my music out ou might become a fan
Jantinha
low sugar but really satisfy my sweet tooth
Good luck bianca!! I hope it all works out!!
Lol but personally entertain any and all shit
successful Winnipeg meetup good to see/meet everyone! see you at the show on
And thanks to for making this all work out
Tomorrow morning will be a load of fun trying to get up.
Go to settings , click on catagories and tags.
100+ content creators later, and all initial emails for have gone out!
If you are interested
Don't be too pessimistic babe I still believe there are so many OT4 blinks out there
Thank you po!
Fat nigga season is year round.
Ahh amazing!! Thanks for playing Francesca
D'accord
Aww!! Same girl!! Totally gonna find you and hug you dear sister! Thank you! I shall always
Wake up n then terus fikir abt you.
You both are dreamy!
I was upset, but that money made me happy
Officially sweatsuit szn
Love this! Thank you for making me smile tonight!
Maybe an hour or so
Thanks Janet! Happy to be on again!
Senyum kan sedekah
Thank you very much tempahcincin for the most
it's this respectability.. a kindness almost.. of doing something well
Now I can watch it
Welcome enjoy it be safe
Yep same here
so happy for this man he truly loves arts and that he became one
Reviewing a PM thought leader's new book before its release
MARIA TERNO
New prints available po tom Limitted stock only. Paunahan nalang po
230 retail
210 ws
Freesize
faisait longtemps
I slept for 12 hours nonstop from SF to HK with Love it when they disturb you for food
:) just for a change
But you're different right? Toh, you and your well-wishers can vote for you.
If your load is heavy always remember ask Him.. God will help you.. Good Morning Monday..
It is a lovely storyline
I stay getting OT on my checks wait to really order my hair
It's lazy and offensive. I have faith that people are more creative than outdated racist costume ideas
The best kind of party
*huggus*
No it means You will be out of business on Facebook. Simples.
Yes we have visited Butchart gardens and another garden with a friend that lives here
Hope I win this time
Have a daily dose if this pill
just want to thank the person who brought this the notification was what woke me up so i didnt miss Zia all together
It's good to not see your team lose on a Sunday
Awesome, thank you for letting us know
Semoga suka mbaknya
consider having lids able to hold the spoon please
Good Morning
Love it
Yoga pants are sexy even in the summer (37 Photos)
At least wearing tights.. see my dry feet
Gonna be going to the cinema with Liam to watch the BTS movie
If you want to DM me your address I can send her over.
Wahoo esta chulo la foto y que supera chavo se ve Mr. Craig!!
This is pretty good!
Hallo dear
How are you??
Do you feel good?
Just wanna let you know that I looooooove you.
(sth
Thank you.
To many choices I'd pick the ice cream cone tho
A day at an art bazaar. Girl time and sweet potato fries.
I just want one person to myself
You are my sunshine, my only sunshine
Good morning have a nice day and take care
LMAO wbk , loool
welcome hope you like it
GUEST BOOK Write me a comment
My heart is so full. My heart is too happy and overflowing.
We are 3 years stronger now. You can't just
This is awesome Dylan!
Stay strong. Godbless
Just this once
What did you think the theme was?
At least eagles lost and my boys won their home opener last night
His friends call him
Li'l Bobby O'Rourke
Me and my bestie gotta surprise for you whores
welcome
And so happy to join you in these fun phamily friendly games! so fun and we can all be ourselves
I'm glad you like it!
Winner
Finally home
Ik ben blij Thank you for everyone of the crew! I hope the next race for good results
I can tell! You have a warm smile! I'm glad you got a photo!
Thank you
Moment when your says when are you returning. O my my
Stay strong. Godbless
for the team. we had to miss the celebration.
me
I feel asleep to your video
Tarde de en familia
A cupcake
Exactly!! So lighten us up
If you are going to a Halloween festival please remember to buy from small artists before you buy a bag a drugs thanks
Komodo $KMD is valued at: $1.26
We checked! Binance registration is currently open
But one thing I'm sure of is that it's smooth sailing from here on.
Always baffles me when people do the exact opposite of what they said do??? Like change ya mind hun
That's awesome Eddie!! Good for you for taking part in it.
Same!! At least start my day with a smile even if I don't end it well.
Christian was right.
thats honestly the best. both in a good mood. ready to conquer the night
welcome
do things to him tbh
I watched the blacksmith and the devil last night. It's ace.
How can I buy your CD I find it anywhere located in Canada could you tell where I could purchase the music thanks
I AM FROM PHILIPPINES
doneeeee! thank you so much for this ga, angel :( and goodluck to everyone!
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
es, viene en la 2016 de off the wall.
good!!! will try to reign in my paranoia.
7-0. Great way to start homecoming
great that it is so quick! sure be back in no time. need good muscle to support your knees anyway
Same here.
ty
Agree a big fan of him too
Goodluck for your exam
YEYY! tHANK YOU SO MUCH FOR THIS!! i love jinmin so cute
Similarly, when I was at the operating room (I fractured my leg) the nurses there were singing me BTS songs.
Verge $XVG price: $0.014402
Binance registration is ONLINE! We JUST checked!
Done!!
Austin's toddler bedroom!
Jackson, MS TONIGHT
We got the bitch ass Vikings next week, I wait
Wow. All these pretty girls in the world and not shit
True love waits...
Pwease momma dun and momma joseph are swad when we say the f word it ruins trees kweep it clean spread the word
Gorgeous, as usual!!
The first thing doing when I get home is getting my number changed
Yown
She sound like she look like you
That's just classic Texas where everything is bigger I love my state! We r keeping Texas RED!
Yeah, I enjoy a few different anime shows
If Sebastian makes me happy then, mind your own business please. Thank you
surrounded by amazing ppl . thank you guys
Same.
Wow, I love this!
Feedback from a happy customer. HMU for tabs
Vivir
wait to break out my yellow cardigan
That shower was lovely
Mello
Me and this Tweet
really got to check the new out
Thanks
At The Read Live with one of my favs
Here's what I got. Already had the Roselia for a while now though.
Want to do something romantic with Brady reaaaally reaaaally soon *hint*
Let us start the week the right way
Thank you
Goodmorning
I only plucked up the courage to start a blog last night but loads pre wrote and ready to go
happy birthday!
Too good to lose
Oops forgot lol
What Sigara Borek should look like And what mine look like . Clearly I need to stick to dancing
Anytime!!
MTA, GRACIAS, A VER NO SE LE DERRAMA LA BILIS A
thank you!!!!
thank you! been a great day so far
Yay!
Hi Fam! Please support our official hashtag for today. Have a blessed day everyone
I felt SO pretty today
Thank you so much for everything!! It was the best time ever You are the best!!!
I think so. But as two Bama grads, we can agree to disagree sweetly.
Think Doctor
That's so awesome and he's adorable!
I love that I have people around me that make me smile
Good morning Kimmy
Off to next Take care and have a great Monday
I saw a girl be an alien and her boyfriend got a NASA shirt! It was super cute
And kindness cost anything the same as respect!
Thanks brother, awesome of you to say!
This is fun, like jumping into a meat grinder
Son las 19:40 hrs.
I love Tahmoh as a bad boy. Him playing an angry character is SO BADASS.
This is a MAJOR DISTRACTOR The arms, the smile, the
At the base of Cotopaxi...
,#photosafari
Enjoy this really old photo of my first halloween costume; I was a lil punkin
What is up, peeps?? Busy day running errands & spending time with family. Back home & ready to relax with the
FYI- I the alpha in that relationship.
A little early tonight, but all locked up in Massachusetts
handsome
Think ima keep my lil taste of happy to myself for now
Monday again...
think & be positive
Haha. I get told that all the time
and im living in usa
Great to know
already filed one
I'm ready hun...and always waiting for her!!!
I thought it was wonderful.
It is beautiful day
this wave that jazz is on>>>>>
Aw. Thank you
Hey moots, MAMA is coming and if you're interested in joining the MAMA TEAM VOTING, just DM , .
Good Morning
And everyone
Have a good morning with this cute pic of guru
Bcoz of u guru people
Awww, I either
Happy Birthday too HANBIN
Thank you for making such inspiring songs Thank you for being the Best Leader to
Yay ! I wait
putting my phone on dnd and going back to sleep
That is actually so sweet, thank you
Hi
happy birthday, Steph
not sorry for my attitude & still not sorry for my bitch face
Yesterday
Tramway Garden Buffet, Timog Ave. QC
Orange Juice
Nah, you still like me
send me your number and send it to you
So many things to do, yet so many achievements will achieve.
Postive mindset
Bravo
*screaming internally* yeah, it's all good in the hood man
Lol I so wish I could openly tweet my thoughts.
Be his painthat nigga had enough fucking peace
22Oct is official
23Oct is
Happy Wombat Day!!
Go McBain! still cheer for em down here haha!
Let me know kung magpupush through 'to ha? Oorder ako
Thank you for tweeting
I would truly be honored if you'd add me as a friend on PoGo! P.S., I did get a mewtwo today!
Haha good I stand the cowgirls!!
Awww :c you are so cute , thank u for this drawing is super adorable and i loved
I think this is an apples vs oranges conversation. Mahbe this will help clarify
Guard our hearts (with all diligence), cos out of it flows the issues of life
Have a good sleep
Looks very good! They are big Next year they will be even bigger Do you really
GUYS! CARATS! JOING OUR MAMA TEAM.
BUT OFCOURSE, YOU SHOULD VOTE FOR OUR BOYS ON STARPLE APP FIRST THOUGHM WE
Guard our hearts (with all diligence), cos out of it flows the issues of life
Looks very good! They are big Next year they will be even bigger Do you really
TRUST ME, not worth it. Just wanted to tell all you fine people that beautiful both inside and out, keep your head up
be sure to meme it
In a good place rn frfr
And the adventures continue! Woo- hoooooo!!!
Good for you..soon you will be a master at it.
welcome
Ti fofo! To ruborizada! Obrigada
Double Tap
Great Sunday
Whatever and whoever makes you happy You will always and still have my support
EPISODE GOD, I HAVE SIN AGAIN. Lol, WHY THE DEVIL MAKE DO I'M JUST SAYING
Woooh. You mess around. I knew there was a reason I like you. Seriously...you have to stand up for yourself
I love Hopeless looking forward to this
Whenever my daughter being fussy I just get in my car , play some music & go for a ride and she calms down so fast
I lie... oomf a catfish
So waste your time shooting at her
Bang Me today
enormous cock fucking mom lesbian porno pussyfucking lezdom
FLBP bounces back on an exceptionally painful Monday (40 Photos)
Happy birthday dear I wish you more years of blessings ahead. Have fun
Our not blood related sibling aka fams attended Hera Seoul Fashion Week Young Joo for
if sad about the cowboys losing, the saints won so cheer up
Just be honest with me
So many things to do, yet so many achievements will achieve.
Positive mindset
Yesss! so happy! I stand the Cowboys!!
Your welcome BB
Want ko magsimba with my friends, family and special someone I just want to thank God for giving them to me.
I'm from Venezuela
Not sure what is happening here but I'm okay with it (Video)
I loved it!
yo pap I remember you from the touch it remix with
Guys don't forget to vote! Last time streaming on a Monday! New schedule is being figured out
AKA bug report
Sexy
You pull it off really well
I know what I'm doing tonight
Homemade fries tonight for dinner
This reminds me of someone. Not once but at least 3x
Good morning!!
Got my cat's attention.
millionlittlethingsabc is my FAVORITE new FALL SHOW ... it is so good Atlanta, Georgia
any movement on New Gods? wait
I'm so excited to raise a baby with this guy, I can tell we're going to be fun parents
Dom banten
Bismillah semoga beruntung wish me luck
Went to the movies
Just Brett doing his daily creepy thing
My most recent tbg Rewards and my most recent pulls most recent SS18 fusion
Yesss! go Redskins!!
Hell yaaaaaa no wonder excited
Thank you for the support! Let me know if you enjoy it!
primo and leon for my morning happy pill
Thank you!
Also stream teaser n leave a nice comment ..its on trending
A very good morning to PM Tun
Have a nice day
confidence is the best outfit. Rock
Good morning...............
Good Morning
& still time for you to mind you business
Hell yes! What a win!
Enjoy the Marching Patriots' performance at Western Alamance yesterday!
Thanks for sharing, Sven Schaefer
Thank you
Have a nice day ppl
Goodmorning
going! going!!
These girls can borrow my flannel anytime
Thanks
Hi Leo. Glad you like it! Thanks for sharing.
Good morning
After a year's dry spell
A lady after my own heart haha. Nice though. Just talking about it makes me want to do another marathon...
Good morning.
A very good morning to young leader YB
Have a nice day
confidence is the best outfit.
Q6- I'll be scrolling through Twitter for ideas as we end one book and start another. Please share
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
That's a pretty long time!!!
Thank you
Good morning
catching up to us!
welcome
Beautiful evening
Good morning, We are requesting to hear Silence by on your station soon
Was suppose to do overtime at work from 1am - 5am. They still picked me up
cause im sure not writing you a check
He's so cute I want to pet him so bad
I wanna come
This makes me so happy! Taehyung visiting galleries in Paris and immersing himself in art.
I know
Good morning, We are requesting to hear Silence by on your station soon
cripes, I'm exhausted after watching the indoor rowing, well done
Good morning
Eating it as we speak
thanks for being awesome an amazing person.
Gd morning to Pn
Have a nice day
confidence is the best outfit. Rock it and
I would like to join too!
Congrats Menggay! More blessings to come
Good morning
Sometimes I wish I can read a mind These beings are so mysteriously entertaining.
Scurrymore the Butler is a BIG hit
Such a hot man & beautiful cock & load
Good morning, We are requesting to hear Silence by on your station soon
Very sexy lady from Bournemouth, stockinged legs to die for
Shut yo shrimp dick energy ass up
so happy right now
Good morning, We are requesting to hear Silence by on your station soon
We don't know that! Or rather I don't know that.
Good even beautiful people
100.00 only
Get delicious vegetarian ingredients delivered straight to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh
How very sensible
Devoured that!! So good
Thank you so much!
I stay out the way and so low key
Good morning hv a nice day
Lies MEN tell. And we can argue bout this all day
Pure comfort
so beautiful
Think he knows he won?
Followed you; please follow back
so gorgeous! Well done
Yess! Love this team!!
Good evening beautiful people
I can relate, new friend
Join the family with the correct hashtag not
hahhaaa ye bohat boht bohat sweet ha ..,.acha tu hasta b ha
I already have you. But I'll Retweet for you.
Thanks manong.
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
As it should be!
The llamas off the Andes...
Thanks
Sis
That's why u think so
Thanks
May we all have a safe and way accomplished week ahead!
I mean brown gravy will keep him good and warm
Good morning!
Your welcome
Yes ! An authentic Creole not just down my bloodline
Done
Wish me luck sorry for the tag
Nik and Nera! Glad you enjoyed their wild ride
_____uh, I wallah
Thai blinks is so supportive toward the girls
Made shrimp and chicken fajitas with Spanish rice and peppered corn
Howard University changes lives for the better.
Me encanta tu sentido del humor!!!!
But pleaseeeeeeee
Thank you! I love writing it
Thanks for introducing this to me! Just the kid of books I look for for Freya
Dreaming of her Supergirl.
my life about to improve in so many ways
Totally am
Felt the same when 49ers beat them.
Finally going to the movies
go ohms!!
i actually! i try to follow a diet and not deviate too much because i have a goal
Mi primer amor!
It to bad I can not vote :x but of course I still retweet it to help
Australia: The perfect mix of \u2018hell no\u2019 and \u2018hell yes\u2019 (30 Photos)
We SOLD OUT In A Blink Of An Eye Today Now For The Ones That Missed Out Next Week This Is The Menu
Thank you for your time, it was lovely meeting you at the Berlin Comic Con this saturday.. (I
Lovely thoughts as I lay my head down .... thank you
That's some interview
gonna take the plunge and buy it probably. BBC is so good. thank you for offering
It was a lovely afternoon Thank you all for coming and special Hildy Harland for the invitation Credits ryan
no on today... as always, stick with you till 10am,
Ahhhh this is real life tho!!! Dead ass
I've reached my goal for all my planned video edits yesterday.
P.S. I suddenly have three dramas on my plate.
Good morning! Have a great monday
Love you for that Herbert
Aww we adore you too shawn
Oh my! Can't wait for the new vlog.
Everyone wants happiness
Nobody wants pain
But you can't have a rainbow
Without a little rain
A gusto en tarde de domingo
Can i retweet this everyday... Or can you post this on speaker
ctto!! found this from an fb page
If you're talking about your selfie, it isn't a mistake. You're really pretty.
I'm with yah. We need to shame these people on the spot. Insulting but witty!
Of course if the
Lol ! Indeed I am you have 8 choices, go half simp and half head banger lol. No matter who you
got my number, use it
It does but don't mind sharing with yall
Thanks so much!!! Working right now on getting ready to post!
remind me
Exactly
Cuban my bitch and had her fucked up for toooo long!! us light skins will never be evil rocky been
Great win!!
Sundays with family Tinago Falls - Lanao Del Norte, Mindanao
Coming along nicely! Not sure whether to add colour or not though!
I will retweet you if you retweet me
Good morning yixing
NAMANA NAMANA NA NA NAMANA NAMANA NA NA
I love short stories and this is a unique collection. Must read
Michael - Love You Anymore [Official Music Video] lewat ahhh syahdu amat suaranya
You are most welcome!
Got to canvass with an old buddy from Campaign today!
You are! See you Tuesday
Thank you so happy to see so many comments towards his dancing
what I do.
Just woke up and first catch of the day is a shiny.
of course!! let me know!
Great memories!
Dr Khuri, thank you so much for this. Just what I needed to hear to taking it slow this
Thanks for the tag, This is the most awesome thing I've seen all week
BBall is actually a fascinating sport, you should give it a chance. Perhaps!
Lovely time with Manchester 'hajj crew' what more do u want in life , good company & lush food
Oh mate it still feels like yesterday. never forget that day. Very memorable
Thank you
There's a little something for everyone at Terrace Oaks Antique Mall!
retweet this tomorrow morning
Shoutout to me for taking 6 months to lose 1.5 stone and then putting it all back on in the space of about 2 weeks
Good morning. Have a nice day
I have a bad feeling about this but im logging on at 830pm et today
Get down to Sumo Sick and
can't breathe!!! Just Brilliant!!!
Thank you
Yes it does! Best record in the NFC East!
Come on phiz I know u can read now
Thank you. Have a great week.
Good Morning
Life is simple.
Eat, play, love, Eat, and . Just enjoy it!
Regards,
Bobo Tan
Aka Lobang Queen
text me
Okay thanks you
MORNING!
I lost this challenge. Big time. Great video though.
I guess we owe mic drop n Ellen.
No one is blocked in the 's fake account
great result!! Hope you can repeat that next weekend
I cannot wait to go home and sleep
everything will be alright. Trust in God's plan.
Thank you so much
I messaged him to see if interested in joining in
Thank you! I'm a huge advocate of milkweed!
Never give up on people who sees the best in you
This is so good
Good idea
Live-tweeting in 15 minutes! Follow for more!
We love you as you know wait is it wow tomorrow
Gracias!!
These ones get much frost I think. But they have frosty days too in the Seattle area
Face mask and wine when I get home
Aaahhhhhhh I know! Thank you
check it soon hopefully
Happy birthday
No. Puebla.
Thanks
Welcome! New blinks love all the members of is all 4 together! cuz without 1, 2 or 3 it's not
Proofs wish me luck
I like too
Cuenta saldada
check it soon hopefully
Finally jacket and beanie weather...
Best cleavage... Ever!!
check it soon hopefully
hopefully weather is going to bring boats back
Keep it
Yeah, hunting is murder. Your milk, eggs, meat from the store, cheese, etc. That's all abuse.
makasih GA nya & wish me luck
btw follback ya
Good morning
A good Monday to you
forget it watch on Monday at 10am about my big sister surprise!
Yes coz pandas are cute. So am I. Haha Joke. Coz Im not.
Absolutely stunning!
Solo aguacatito, Miss.
check it soon hopefully
He was feening to be part of the action. glad he got the most suspensions
Everytime I talk to my grandma she makes my day
I better start practicing my signature
My belly button so cute
Now that we won I could go head to the gym n get a good workout in
Brady* gunna be so little
Lol oh well its me telling
Daniel I love you You saw my message in that i missed you since you didn't came yesterday
One of those days don't let the smile fool you
Thanks Aldo
Goodmorning!!
well, that's helpful
Oh right, thanks for explaining I think it's shitty of people to assume or judge, some women
Aww thank you
lotto is my favourite exo song
Goodmorning Monday
not her choreography
Hi there. We're super glad you liked it! Thanks for sharing.
Simple joys
BJ! Thank you
Gotta say... I had a really nice day
Your time will come, no doubt about it. Keep your head high. Good things to come for you, I can feel it.
Nothing beats that feeling when you give your kids a piece of advice and they respond with the sparkly heart emoji
Homecoming with the family in CoMO this weekend.
Y'all all this fruit & salad & water has my skin with a glow
my newest bestie thankful to have met u darlin!
Meet with Me at
brutal porn iranian sex com twerk
If any cam girls can tell me how to set up interactive tips for OBS i would so appreciate it
Thanks Michele
Those boobs are talking about themselves
And vice versa (for me)
Hi new anon, fine Heyy Anon,
Thanks b
Thank you for the ga
I'm from indonesia
thank you so much <33
The very best of luck to you Nelson. You will definitely be a huge success
welcome
Made me smile when I saw it a couple hours ago
I'll protect you from Michael
So cute
Thank you, as are you! now if only I could get my body back onto UK time instead of Orlando time so I can get some
yes please
That would be nice. We will see what the futur holds. Tomorrow will be a real nail biter.
No
Detalhe...
here you go!!
Really Enjoyed This Day With My Lil Family I Wait Til Our Baby Gets Here So It Can Actually Spend These Kind Of Days With Us
Oh we straight
It was a lovely afternoon Thank you all for coming and special Hildy Harland for the invitation Credits ryan
Omg where is this please?
So maganda ang panahon ngayon 2nd day of SIENAlympics! ! ! Break a leg gryffindor lions!!
Goodmorning
I know strange maybe just spending time with family
But since you are here, I think I can still partake of the lords blessing through you
Smile for the great week ahead!
Guess which RB this is
Thanks!
Respect
Great time with family Ichigo Ichie
Me! I have you on Snapchat I'm just not normally on cause I have no one to snap
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
Thank You
Where's the diversity? Put FOUR wives on the game!
Noche de Domingo! De video en Zona Kingdom
my fav era boythe nicest one tbh Thank you
Good morning! SMDC Trees Residences
Looking very much forward to December!
Good to hear. You are special! You deserve to be happy, Grace.
performing on ADC Miami? Let us know below
Thank you Maybe one day but right now I have my hands full with Pokemon
Also stream teaser n leave a nice comment ..its on trending
I have 2 bad weeks. Try and play catch-up with my work... computer program work
come shop with me .
Congratulations!
Haha! I know - and thanks
FFS, Lady R, 5 minutes ago you were worrying about work tomorrow! No sort it out!!
As I promised I did a super Mario world speedrun and it was successful! More speedruns are coming soon
Cheesy b horror time
Yes..for sure we alert that
Ss have called me mom, grandma and dad...even when I taught grade 8!
You should invite him and the rest of bts to the VMAS
was going to...
But, are you ok
I'm genuinely so happy that you talk to me
I'm an idiot.
Thank you!
Love this quote, Mark ! Twitter~jacking it
My fantasy team...sweet
Shall I open a dream address so you can take a peek? still bare, I have a long way to go but satisfied so far
Watching with Adam!
Welcome
Trey got a guitar today named Finn
Yay! Thank you
So, you're saying win at was nothing to write home about? We beg to differ!
I liked a video Its My Birthday
yikes lmao alright thanks
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
It was a lovely afternoon Thank you all for coming and special Hildy Harland for the invitation Credits ryan
Your video was so great! I really related to this! Thank you! I love you
I totally just realized you asked what the event was instead of how it was lol, it was our engagement shoot
Get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off your order with
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
thank you, July!
Gorgeous pic
Thank you
Thanks! I was looking for a friend, but looks like he's good now.
Cool! Thanks!
At least snowflakes melt
Y tanto!
Poucas
still looking for good nuggets of anything out here in all the chaos of negativity. And guess what??? I am finding. This is good
no just that I'm looking forward to it!!
Sorry mr Deliveroo driver
Thanks Jane
Oh! Don't forget to eat your breakfast, then.
I would visit you if I could! Drink lots of water, and be of good cheer
Click my profile for a surprise
Nia you work tomorrow? If so, willing to make a drive to your job to get a plate
And by the way, LV is now considered a people's bag.
I'm so cute.
While at it, will you get me a pomsky, thanks
Retweet please cause I want that free 5SOS concert in hell!
How rude!! But thank you
Awe, thank you!!
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
PHILIPPINES
Looking forward to reading this book
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
all smiles through all 4 seasons
Awwwwwwe. You're a natural at this whole twitter thing gyud.
and I'll sit across from you watching them do it
I see my Creoles in my mentions RT too hip
You should watch "A Silent voice", just to see how your inner self react. Hope this can help
sicky, but finding my way, something is guiding me
It's all good Kim
My two year August cleaning his room by himself for the first time melted my heart
Little guy is getting so
Amazing movie of an amazing man. We need more people like Fred Rogers
Tuned in...
you weren't wrong about being on again soon were you Jemma not that I am complaining xx
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
This years has been so shit to me & what makes matters worst is spending my birthday alone
Get delicious vegetarian ingredients delivered straight to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh
Awww, Rune! Like you said, it's neat shouting into the Twitter void without a care. I'm digging
What an amazing dad you are.
It's still delicious!
Its nothing. Jsut some random thoughts fine
one of the papers where I learnt GLMMs
Full disclosure: You will find a subterranean sequence is nearly everything I write. Blame Poe... or Tolkien.
Only thing that keeps me going is setting the records on kids games skii Ball, Basketball, you name it. I gotta win
Definitely! It worked very well and the scent in spring was amazing they told us
So glad I finally got to meet tonight!! See ya in September!!!
I following your on Turkey
Thank you for retweeting, Julia.
Peanut butter cookies felt like making something different today between a few housework chores and these are
Belated happy birthday te! Godbless you and your fam
thanks for following
Thanks so much
OHH! So I'M doing it wrong. That is easier to fix.
This is on bumble? Not too shabby
Thank you for the subs!
Honored to receive the young democrats of the year award with my best friends
Thanks girl!
In a syndicate then just followed it
I will check it out
bulking season time to get thick
Work better when am in my own space
2 of my favorite DC Athletes
My daughter came home with mad chokers brb abouta choke her
please hire me! I do what you do!
Moving on feels so good
I felt cute today
It's Veronica Hernandez, please correct
Thank you!
The lady who cut my hair own this cuttie
Thank you
I try really hard not to ruin my bakes with raisins.
But half have walnuts.
Good morning!
awesome, congrats!
well hit me up if you come by some models.
Aww have fun Yegs . Wish I was there, if you meet Jesse, tell him I said hi and that sending him so much support.
It's great to meet you! Sending waves from over here.
Happy Monday everyone! Please greet me otw to work Ngayon lang ulit
Teehee thank you
Thanks so much.
Aalis na nga lang ako may pa gift check pa anyways thank you
Get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off your order
Oh, ok then
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Aaw this is so sweet Here's a big tight hug back to you
Sunday day off, cleaned the house while babes at work. Now patiently waiting for 3pm when he clocks out & then off to venturing we go
are for movies and being lazy
Congratulations Tony.
Is Jacob your first or you're already familiar with what's coming?
Thanks, Dan
Okaaaay, let's start the day right. Hello Monday!!
we love & thank you.
Good morning
Happy birthday ya spunk
How hot is getting older seriously?
Hope all goes as well as can be expected
but ion give af, he know ion play about him. & the only female that should have his attention tf
Oh oh CUzoooo Oh Ohhhhh y ese culitooooo okurrrrrrttt
Wish someone would make me a spooky basket
Hearing this gave me motivation to get out of bed good morning
I start my internship tomorrow
Happy birthday!
morning
I play anything but I can sing someone let me be there singer
NOTICIAS DEL CENTRO CULTURAL ARGENTINO DE
CULMINO LA ITALIANA A LAS 16 DE DE
Thanks George
Interestingly enough the section attached to my yardsite is for sale
640 acres of prime
Antique watch parts transformed into a dragonfly is finished. For sale-DM me if interested.
How amazing!! Did you enjoy it? Morocco is magical and I recommend enough to you
Aww you're welcome
Ill hug you tomorrow hoe
i sing
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
AYYYOOOOO COURTNEY thank you so much amazing to be able to call you my best friend i love you too and
You look stunning Thank you
No cages.
Wild and free
These brunettes aren't letting blondes have all the fun (40 Photos)
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Thank you
Even in our most painful life we must be thankful Thank you Lord
I love how ppl find it easy to talk to me
It's a Kyungsoo thing
hi Scarlett thanks for the follow how are you doing are you ok xx
You're welcome
i know righttt. i really hope so
We love the visual of thinking visually
exotic_beauty_nails_designs thank you
when are you going on the Howard Stern show again?
Every time I come home, I eat good and my granddad fills my tank up
Got my LA face . Oakland booty is en route
Happy Morning
Friends
That was my summer reading!! Highly recommend
Popeyes chicken with honey
Thankful for my friends advices. Detaching myself from toxic people
Ayo jalan.
ty chemea!!
It was a lovely afternoon Thank you all for coming and special Hildy Harland for the invitation Credits ryan
You are very welcome!
Making candy apples and candy peaches
Thanks for the follow! Happy Sunday friend! Feel free to check out our online store to fill your home with
Gold
Wow! So lucky! Hope you had a great time.
Thanks for the follow! Happy Sunday friend! Feel free to check out our online store to fill your
Pretty sure this is a need, not just a want Love music!
You're welcome if I were to win the Mega Millions I would seriously buy everything from you.
Need to be sure there isn't a pea under that mountain of beds. After all Hayley is a princess
I wait to start work, the kids are gonna loveeee me
Thanks for the follow! Happy Sunday friend! Feel free to check out our online store to fill your home
I love you
I'm going to do my routine
Have a nice day..
Booty Booty Rockin Everywhere! Hump day!
It's better than anything else that's on and it's not that scary. Interesting to watch though
I searched my photos for "pink flower" and this came up. Not a flower, but kiddo made a good fairy.
Thanks for the follow! Happy Sunday friend! Feel free to check out our online store to fill your
Don't forget your wingman this weekend (75 Photos)
That's what's up on Twitter today The man himself Diamond Dallas Page sharing my story on his Twitter It
RT- GAM3RGLOV3S: RT Obzyer: Show the world your smile I am who l am and l will never change me for
"Keep it private but not secret.."
is AMAZING!!! Thank you for the photo and awesome concert. See you at 9
Some pics from Harvest Hay Day on Friday Brownsville Elementary
Loving my new tech 21 clear case
Just Smile it's sunnah
Vacation is over, back to regular program.
Oh check Grasso's IG story ngayon. Cute nya when she was goofin off a bit sa camera. At an event with fans, signing their gloves
Thanks for the follow! Happy Sunday friend! Feel free to check out our online store to fill
the next best artist in Canada
Got mine at Walmart
JLP is woke AF.
Thanks for the follow! Happy Sunday friend! Feel free to check out our online store to fill your
A wonderful place... and great to share it with wonderful people!
Thanks for the follow! Happy Sunday friend! Feel free to check out our online store to fill your
Love your boss too
The many facets of MasterMissy! Glad you like it
So AWESOME!!! Jelly I wish we were there. Maybe for the tour? Donnie maybe I'll get this on the tour
Aw welcome!
Delightful news in an otherwise crappy weekend!
fav song? ya ya ya!
Thanks for the follow! Happy Sunday friend! Feel free to check out our online store to fill your home
Addictive Song
Looking great Lindsey!! Have a great Sunday!!
My real hair
Gece gece iyimi sizce
Let the Monday Begin!
Sip N Slice
See you
Classic!
Biglaan Tour
It's her champagne birthday
Lines up bevvies to go with my 1am bath.
Marry me
Merci
wonder, are they gonna call your dog racist?!
Who loved Playmobil? This is the Dutch version, as seen in the store.
RT
goodmorning ruben goodmorning pud
This week was so good. I feel good
AWE Thank you dear
You already know
Waiting for him to step into the Light of day & breathe easy again what a glorious day that will be!
Thank You Matt
Good morning
Hanbin-ah Thank you for all you hardworks. Please continue being silly Hope you find what will makes
Thanks dear friends!
No, Wednesday. Tomorrow we have Paper 1 (and orals for those that gone.)
Still live if any of you beautiful people want to stop by! Saying hi would make my day
volleyball game tmrw , come out & support.
Trying to watch but my cat has other plans. Oh right your life is now owned by your cats.
I'm not, sadly, a Brit, what does this mean? If I may ask?
I finally got some apple cider donuts, so super happy
yet to register a W season not starting well on either coast for me but looks like better season for both lay ahead
great! Feel free to follow me
Ya boi got approved for a med card today
Mine Positions Tee
gon be just fine
i'm on the internet!
Happy birthday dearself
Hi, do you possibly have the full video of jk ending ment in these pics? Thanks
Goodmorning
Thank you
Fan de estas pulseras
You're welcome darling
take a break from work so ask me a couple questions
A hummingbird just tried to fly into my ear because very sweet.
to the famous Hokkien Mee located at Enuos area. Had supper with friends and chit chat.
While waiting for Dr kat hospital, lets get lost in the world of adventures
Thanks Mania
It is difficult to find for sale! more easy in the USA there are people that has it in
quickstep: adorable! Made me smile
Man you are not far from me at all. Lol literally 25 to 30 min of if that.
Had fun hanging between rounds
Aldo! I used to consult for them. They are out of Montreal.
Now for something I don't normally do, but I felt like a change.
Don't worry, it's a SFW shoot.
I tried
Thank you. I think so too.
Social D doing my by The Rolling Stones is just the best thing ever.
Spinach pies and a yogurt drink. That's my favorite shopping snack when I go to Baiz Market!
Baiz
Goodmorninggg
Getting really tired of people on my Facebook and Instagram posting pictures of dead deer.
Coucou Vegedream
Stp besoin spot
Thank you so much for the giveaway
from the us
red hair bich stop being mean to adam u not famous leave adam i hat u i 'hat' ya too
If anyone wants me to curb your baby fever, lmk and shoot you a nice pic in your dms
- correct answer is JUGUAR'S EYE
Had to stop scrolling to say that this is a beautiful picture of you
I guess so. I was, of course, shown the music beforehand and asked if I could do it and I said yes.
Por fin en un rancho de Sonora montando a la mula Olga
Of course not! You look so good
A prolific morning out looking for water dragons
I meant that u are just Muslim by ur name
Good morning
Finally Pelosi gets a spoon full of her own medicine must be next please
No problem. I am going to try and sleep now as 1am here. Message me and I will reply tomorrow x
Thank you!
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
Hell I love chubby/BBW women so don't feel like nobody wants you because is a lot of people who do
Thanks, Tabby
Hey
When I read this tweet, I thought, hey someone with the same interests as me, this guy I follow.
Yep, 8 years seems like a much bigger difference when still in high school but once an adult, all the same
We finally beat Dallas.
Finally made it inside!!! Issa packed house!!!
Thank you for the follow
Always great to find new music - even better when it's good too!
It's a Kyungsoo thing
Appreciate it
Yes
WhIch have one are you talking about lol
New video
Beautiful cake. Such God given talent
Good morning
Chelcie for president
Peram po ng calculus, trigonometry, basic algeb at geometry books, TIA
lice doing quick matches in come join
My birthday in 5 hours and not excited and my phone is def on do not disturb
1. The Himalayas
2. The North East
3. Everywhere else!
Tritnya udah d cantunmin btw
just right! Not too bad. But sooo good at least I think so. And only $5 after 8pm
Breakfast with mi loves
Good Morning World!
You have a point
sorry to hear not feeling well. Hope you feel better soon!
Buenas noches
So cute! Love your smile
No problem when are you on again will it be soon give me a follow as well if you want lol xxx Xxx Xxx xxxx xxx xxx
It was a lovely afternoon Thank you all for coming and special Hildy Harland for the invitation Credits ryan
Tired of many things but keep my head up coz always rainbow after storm
Rise and shine everyone happy monday start your day right
Haha, good
iKON IS NOW ON 4TH PLACE KEEP VOTING
Download Starple and vote for iKON!
I finally get to make it to and is leading it!!
4 hours of sleep Good morning. Have a nice day ahead.
Oh yes!! It was on my list too... We left Fes for the day and
Thanks for the follow! Happy Sunday friend! Feel free to check out our online store to fill your
I think that's happening to me too. I can't seem to get anymore likes or comments anymore on my tweets and replies...
Collecting moments not things
Thanks for the follow! Happy Sunday friend! Feel free to check out our online store to fill your
Yes common sense was the way to go best call possible from race control .
Also, if you think Boruto is being annoying these last few episodes
Shut up and drop the series
Cutest smile ever
Yeah? I wait to watch trump explode when Mueller comes knocking....tick tick
Get up 2 $50 Ride credit using the app Heres the coupon code MIGUELT10 JasperCounty SouthCarolina
Got through 9 hours of work 3 more left to go
Good morning!
thought i looked cute might delete later
Spent the day lounging & playing Animal Crossing I could be tempted to get on Get your wallets ready
You're welcome!
Papasa yan! Think positive
Good morning!
Awh friend, be mad. B happy
Thank you David!
Ay good morning
When are you starting?
Thank you. too kind.
I need to remember this. My social anxiety usually gets the better of me.
Thank you Terry.
It's so sweet that you didn't just assume I'd lost the plot nah it's just me and my bloody autocorrect!
Thank you - my temperature came down fairly well with ibuprofen
Good morning tho.
Thank you
Redskins beat the Cowboys.
Happy birthday saaaaaap Enjoy your day God bless
I have a pretty one here tonite too
That sounds great i love part 2 the dance scene
Sure sure
Thank you! Not remembering was driving me crazy!
You're welcome
Let's go n check on my Deers!
Fanny teen fucked
Thank you Tammy
Ja nice
up next
stand the Cowboys!
Would love to know why still awake after 3 HOURS of trying to sleep
And know shit
Delhi belly. Got it.
TENGO SOLO PARA HACER UN CUADRO... .Si consigo hacerlo feliz
Insta Ebook PDF, loaded to the hilt with amazing tips and guidance. We're adding approx. 3000 followers/mo.
Thank you so much
Someone been took me to the Pumpkin Patch a vibe
Thank you
Off to ceu then later off Intramuros
Bawseing up. I'm so happy for you
happy birthday
Hello twin
y sus mil distracciones
24 Sept 2018 en El
Gotcha. Thanks.
The giveaway has come to an end Thank you all for participating. 3 winners will be announced tomorrow. Good
Yeah, we kicked some butt!
YOU ABIDE by Merry Rose
----
When my hair was still color Black
Family first
Thank you
Yes what ever makes you feel happy we will support
I want my baby crib custom made
That was the laugh I so desperately needed today. Thank you.
I do indeed!
only happy about the cold weather because I can start back taking coffee to class in the mornings and uggs
Well the next one is HK to JKT in an hour. Please tell them to take good care of me
That is really nice! Mr. Cecil you have talented fans!
Buy Photo Sets at
Thank god our troops were fighting so hard!
Muchas gracias hija
spending the rest of my day writing this paper and attempting to study something all due tomorrow
Thank you
Thanks, John! help myself!
Like said earlier, I kept walking around all
Hi Xx How are You?
That's beautiful Please share your playlist if you can, would love to see the kind of music you listen to
No Quelle surprise then?
It's definitely not a skull
Ano po breakfast mo?? hehehe Bread and coffee
Sum1 send me a psd to your clan logo I'll prolly make y'all a header
Best win ever!
Thank you
mar is my wife...and nobody can have her
Yeah this 20 day at job training keep spirit
Who's the lucky girl?
Beautiful!! I love the fall outfit
Mind over matter.
Have a blessed week ahead, ADN.
You can put whatever you want in them. used cashews before.
Fuck im worried but i dunno how to change his mind. So yas man, still here. Just watching over you. You'll be alright
I also want to have a friend whose parents are pastors. Yo there pastors' kids
seyre
By the way, 1) this was inspired by an actual conversation Jackie and I had and 2) I really love these weird little characters.
Sunshine
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
Sempre bom estar no shopping
Enjoy Patrik.. have a good night
I think it telling me that "@ChrisEvans IS A GENIUS "
Stratis $STRAT price: $1.42
Binance is TEMPORARILY accepting new users! GO!
YO...
I sing
mean what you say , say what you mean.
things that make you smile
Thanks! She's a much cuter version
thank you
Lord, I surrender everything to You again. Ikaw na po bahala Papa God.
off work finally
had a great time at pride today
Those nachos are amazing! I had them the last time I went
Yay! All the best on the conference and make sure enjoy your side trip(s).
We are so happy you enjoyed Day 3! Day 4 will be amazing as well
Lol me and my got into a few weeks ago and he hurt my feelings so yesterday I get him shit, now we both hurt bitch
Thank you
It was a lovely afternoon Thank you all for coming and especially Hildy Harland for the invitation Credits
Welcome back though and i hope your feeling better!
let you know at the right time
Yes, likewise! And maybe our paths will cross on the writer route!
Kirsty, thank you for such such kind words. Your tweet means a lot to me
fav song? ya ya ya!
Fuck yeah 28 today! Woohooo ! This weather makes me soooooo happy
coming to my home
No problem, be $265.95
Beautiful love the style, color Good luck playing it
Now this is really cool
goodmorning
thankyou by the way
Go for it
" WE MISS YOU MY KING
Thankyou babe
Good morning! Kahit masakit katawan ko I feel so happy.
D-11 until
Small shop update tonight. The Halloween sale is still going also. Link on profile
Do your thing! Get those trusty cameras!
Mirror Mirror on the Find Her
Very cool indeed
Done
I can sleep peaceful tonight
Thanks bae
Oh i see. Thanks for telling me. Hope to see her perform there again
Of course he did.
anyway it has been 50 days since i met wanna one and 70 days til disbandment lol magandang umaga
I may or may not pin him on my phone. Doing everything with him always in the background
Thank you!
okay, not a bad start. 5-minute walk from Sta. Quiteria Church to Office. need to work on my cardio for the
Have a nice day
need to start my day with a smile
First time here!
My beauty
Yeah i see, just kidding
Everyone, dont take it serious
abla
Thanks! be in the DR in Jan so definitely checking them out
I promise you not.
anyway it has been 50 days since i met wanna one and 70 days til disbandment lol magandang umaga
Yes, very true! And I hope you have a great day, too! Take care!
I'm Yasmin but you can call me min for short
That Brazilian Ass!
Lovely to have you back
Whoa, I'll look through it, thankyouuuu
Thanks
If you win the lottery, the first thing you should do is call a good lawyer. With the size of the
thanks why i left!
[#FANCAM] 20.10.18 Busan One Asia Festival - Baekhyun cumprimentando os meninos do The Boyz | cr.
Baby Jay u
Kambal l,Jeslee 2,jayrus
Kakalito
Hind Ko alm spelling hahaha
My new kapatids
Hey love i'm so glad to see you smile that make me happy and what make me most happy is you sharing you
Ahhh. Ignore. You've learned from it.
Thanks!
i am so happy for you my lovely tae keep doing the things that make you happy i wish all your dreams will come true
a nigga got work in the morning
can we get this to 100
Jejej claro cuando lo tengas me avisas
I vote tomorrow, but only because I voted in the advance polls last weekend hope you feel better soon.
Great game. My favorite game As for me, I'm alternating between Shadow and Spider-Man
Sos hermosa
Thank you Aaron, hope all is well
Contact Us!
Our courteous staff can be reached via email or phone.
FOR GENERAL HELP: help@cedaddy.com
FOR
Wooow amazing!!
Best kitchen aide ever! Couldn't do without mine
Yeah, you're right!
OMG thank"s for this GA
I luv our fandom..
Thanks for the RT Miss K!
Would you share your vote?
I used 5 different cheeses and the butter is standard to the amount of flour I used. Thank you, though
Official: all MLP OCs are Canon!
Appreciation post. Thank you for this. Akong ako, nunal palang.
Yayyy! finally Halloween decorating
Girl named Luck fights brain cancer and wins
hahaha nah i love my best friends & i love their boyfies too i know they can get through it. love is greater
Didn't I tell you not to open your God damned mouth? Your salary, the roads,
Jk I love colleges and collegeboard :D I am a minority Let me into ur college plz! I am hispanic! Let me in!
Heheheheh RT to share to joy
How old is your son? He is 2 years old
yes you do!!! wait for ya to come back
Asalam o alaikum
Good morning bhaiya jaaniii
Have a wonderful day ahead
Stay blessed bhaiya
Im The BITCH thAT dont NEED no Nigga to be Happy get me mixed up w/ the rest
Waaa and God bless you. Good luck everyone
Made some cold pressed juice.
And if ya love them, feel free to follow them on insta jager.and.malibu
All good sis. I've just never seen that album anywhere near the bottom before.
Found it!
You just have to enjoy the time with her while you have her
Start ur monday with a SMILE
You can never be late because always the right time somewhere! Better late than never!
Its a pretty hefty file
Why? I following your on Turkey
No
Them tek this thing fi jokeout and about its a beautiful world!!!!!! Hartford, Connecticut
it's so beautiful when titans of YT interact!
I know
Is it a jelly donut??
I wanted Revenge but God whispered thy already suffering..
L V E this !!
It sounds like NY is getting ready to legalize recreational marijuana! High times are a coming!!!
Congratulations by your reviews it's well deserved
Lol its just how I've learned to talk about myself, I mean no harm by it
Happy birthday to this fat head ass boy, enjoy it MOE
HAPPY BIRTHDAY HOMIE! hope all is well with you & Josh!
Send me $1 on the CashApp to see if it works... $djsancho
I sleep so why not binge watch and videos
Thank you so much
Surveying his kingdom... can we have more cute photos of him - pretty please?
A very cute bean
You can call me min
Looking stunning been waiting for this music yahhh
Haha no she
I said can we be friends? & if I DM you my number would you use it ?
Who do I see about getting a ticket
Thank you
Thanks for the translate
Finally got our Halloween costumes
love being falsely accused
Your dog is so cute
It looks warm
Asalam o alaikum
Good morning bhaiya jaaniii
Have a wonderful day ahead
Stay blessed bhaiya
Challenge accepted.
I guess true what they say!
I hope is having a good day today.
Don't say that. You have to FEEL to LIVE. The whole point of the human experience is to FEEL EMOTIONS. Today you are 30 so am I
Happy Birthday Kate
Just so cool, that's all. Antique Wire Bifocal Eyeglasses, Stevens & Co S-Q, Gold Filled Wire, W Saddle Bridge,
There's no harm in being ambitious. Just keeo on dreaming! Dream big!
Yes. I do really
Terima kasih doanya
Thank you. Same. I have video of your performance if you'd like me to upload it to Youtube?
Hello a creator open to taking briefs from brands via
Nice smile
If I could stop bein a sensitive ass bitch n crying at every. little. thing. that would would be great
The crazies are back! So excited!
La Croix required at all staff meetings.
One day I decided I was gonna choose me. I havent looked back since.
I have officially put all of my summer clothes away smiling but also bittersweet because I like
Having a fantastic day
Spent the whole day with Warren playing video games in our comfy clothes We also made some incredibly yummy
The visit went so good , now waiting on my phone call
im done scrolling aaaaah so many good pics of minseok, and i miss him so muccch. can comeback come quickly!!
jheeez , what a long day for ya , new manager needed imo
Thank you I
Good Morning
Day 21: we've always used liquid developer! Just stuck with something familiar, I suppose.
Good morning Proton
do something vampire like! with fake blood n all that
Yes
I always miss that one
Thank you po
This is
Woo! It's time to get your Steph~
What's your favorite series? *RickK
Homecoming was great with my MTFAM! Just like old times! Happy to home though!
I need marry Joanna now.
leave me something on tellonym
Love her music
Calum hood
and I think it perfectly fits Alexios. I just love everything about his character : rough and smooth, a
Woof
You look terrific in pink! Not many men can wear it well but you and Sticks do
Kamusta?
ofc ill dm u some once i get my shit together
" 1003 liked songs " cuz I'm cool like that ya feel me G lol .
Fantastic! All followed and retweeted Thank you
Pretty
so true
Thx
As long as nobody died and nobody got hurt, it just doesn't matter!
say
Indeed lil lady
Goodmorning
Take out the okra and be great.
Your body is your temple . Take care of it
Hit 100 followers today So happy! Send $$$ 1/10/100 to celebrate with me
happy to report that the squeezable kraut from is good
Goodmorning!
Aww i love u too
welcome Jenelle! one of my crushes so you get the best compliments! lmaoooo
was great.
THANK YOU !
Detroit? Come say hi
You don't always need a plan.. Blessed Monday happy tweeting ADN
Wohoo!! Can i claim later? Will dm you
glad you liked it! have a nice monday
And there are such amazing human beings!
HURRY! Binance is currently accepting new users
$BTC $ZCL $ETH $ETC $BCH $LTC $XRP $DASH
Time to make everyone head hurt
So happy to meet you, fellow Izzy fan Mark!
Thank you very much
Thank you Nicolle
Indefinite pa po hehe have to stay here muna for the family. Who knows what the future holds
09:09 in Japan
in!!!! Fellow Michigander
I would love to hear you do Talk it Out by Campsite 85
My handsome scholar athlete! My pride and joy
Hello my unabashedly favorite unit! It's a good morning
Well they let him deflate the football anymore so he has to counter somehow.
Good morning Have a beautiful Monday
We cute
(Thank you to for the pic )
Good morning dey! Start your day with a prayer. Gina dala kita sa prayers ko tani madm kita hehe godbless
Been meaning to do it for ages - finally been to a life drawing session! Was loads of fun - thanks gallerycats
Thanks for playing Bobby Bones Women of Country
Goodnight
Exactly it is Sunday or sinday for some just another maniac Monday I remember that song by the Bangles
Exactly!
What a FANTASTIC PHOTO
Lights, Camera, Find Her (38 Photos)
Cracking race, swapping paintwork after hairpin had folks on their feet
Earl grey
Thanks Doll
Had a good run yesterday!
Agree kong rosy twinks
Good Morning!
If I could, I would
Relatable content!
You also have your good days. They're just harder to see/remember when you are having a down day.
yeah soank Macron
gracias x los emojis , si cumple
Look at their smiles Make me wanna smild too
The master of memes has done it again. ENJOY
I swear you be reading my mind
RT Otzelutz: Schmusheep28081 Ja nice
Haha she definitely does! I know going to!
New (1:400)
CASSY Rug Grippers 8pcs - Best Anti Curling Rug Gripper Hardwood Floors. Keeps
Time for some shuteye before work & my shift tonight. Have a great Sunday evening everyone!!
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Happy Birthday!HanBin!
I wonder if there is a way I can auto text myself this everyday?
thank you, im alittle less insecure about my voice now
The moon seems closer today
Thank you
Just do to start! Put lyrics in it'll find it! The Galaxy S9 ad intrigued me, found it!
We had a fantastic night,can't wait to do it all again some time soon
FOLLOW ME IF YOU NEED PHOTOS TAKEN !!!!
Excellent Stone Balloon reference and Newark pronunciation, so all good
I also did not notice any issues with length of the movie or pacing.
too late i already bought a cute scrapbook and cute crafty stuff
we creativity
uwu thank you for this ateee aaaaaahh will try to do those
The wait is over
As we are releasing our short film seeking your support.
Here is our new short
Boy, was I right
Height is a multifactorial trait, determined both by genotype and environment
such an amazing artist & yes, he is
Exhausted but this weekend was a total success
Amen & thank you
Stream Namanana too fam! Yixing worked hard on doing both albums for us. He deserves
And now I have a son who can have just as much fun as I am
Thank you
Hahahah that's an awesome wish bhai
I've honestly had the best weekend and I couldn't be any more thankful for this life
My morning starts in here
Goodmorning!
Bitcoin $BTC price is: $6494.97
QUICK! Sign up before Binance closes registration!
Good morning
Cowboys lost so come drink at Genghis and give me all your money
Beb's first day! Yay! Goodluck on your first day Bhieeee
GM golgappa c u again
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off
Thank you
Can't really wait...
Happy birthday Hanbin
Not at all! Maybe I could even learn more about her to help find her way home. Win win.
She
Salamat! Chill run lang naman yun
Thanks 4 liking my tweet Maureen McCormick appreciate it Super BIGTime .. Lots Made my 4 shore
Stuttering in kids and adults...a brief discussion
The more we love Jesus, the more we love His people
Great to meet
I hate the fact beginning to be okay with stuff I never let happen but you know what I give up
Thank youuu I miss you more, mariang panget!! Ikaw ang basher hmp i love you moreeee
ready to look at it and help cut whenever you find it
goodnight kate have a goodnight rest so that u will be ready for your defense tomorrow godbless on your
New benz to just to sit up
Boleh
These tweets make my heart happy, knowing the sports troll is distraught
Thank you
And sticks the landing!
always be beautiful no matter what! ever forget that.
Yess..it's been tweeted by before
I love your header image
Thank you again!
A couple more photos!
done The cuteness, beauty, funniness, & etc. today on the gram has filled me up. Wishing you all an
The story of my life
glad it worked! I think this is the only way I can explain things at the moment. I think get the hang of it
listenn, the way gas lookin right now you need to do good by your community & hook us up
watching Halloween town w/my friends
in one of those already sad, watch sad movies to make me moods.
Blessed morning
Drawing my aunts next tattoo & incorporating all my lil gonna drip
Taehyung I'm so happy that you were able to go to that exhibition. Always enjoy and be happy. I
Gg team treat
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
Is that all fantastic and go you!
Some people are going to leave, but that's not the end of your story. That's the end of their part in your story
Thanks for your support I appreciated it
Georgia Cook Charli Cook Juanita King a town just for you
sure right but at the same time heard the same thing the past 3 seasons
Happiest 9 years facebook!
RT Otzelutz "Schmusheep28081 Ja nice
Have you heard Kiss and Make up hun? have a nice day!
magkabilang mundo by k.g. fajardo featuring babr 1-3 hahahahahaha
credits sa may-ari ng pictures
I just might too luv if alright with you of course
thank you!
Fan: I'm going to study japanese to talk with kenta
: me too ask to kenta in japanese if he enjoy his food
Don't expect to get what you give, not everyone has a heart like you
The more you keep them, the more they've loose you .
be missing you Kostka especially our fun moments. See you around
hi kate goodmorning ;> goodluck on your defense today make em proud always take care of yourself godbless
aweee caitlyn miss you so so much girly thank you
Always love your messages Pastor JD, your real and Godly. I thank God for your Ministry and streaming, we live in California
true tree right there. I love it. Just today I ordered Hidden Life of
Guess everybody fed up with me
Ctto naman oh
Charot labyu be
Chicken phillys tonight
Thank you, Ange! I hope doing well!
My goddaughter only 10 and can freak the fuck outta crochets , braids and lashes shorty really like that go Zy YouTube coming soon
P.s. I have these two boxes available to pick up for half the price since they were just for the picture
Fanta5tic dinner with my olde5t friend
Just to be with you.
Morning
Thank you so much we love our housewarming gift Alanna & Jeff You truly are a masters at the details
I know thank you I love you
Headache every morning
Never tire of a quick Spidey.
Thank you
okcupid
Good morning
Heyyyyy
Yikes! happy to be on in the morning.
Yuup, that was me
Yooo excited as fuck to go home and make some pasta n watch Netflix
One more time
I love my new car
All good. Thank you anyway!
After working my butt off and get paid very well. I deserve something for myself
Beers with the family! Glad they were able to stop by.
You made me bloomed everyday.
Good morning.
esse lanche no Brother agora
Stellar $XLM price: $0.239261
Binance distributes every fork meaning you get free airdrop !
Happy Birthday Cath Joy! Lablab, miss ka na ni jia have a blast!
He did the Idol challenge with Pascual last month
TY David
Off for 5 days
allowing the fire within me burn! Sending you love this evening
Keep it simple, do a little everyday!
Yes
+outra
YESS NY one! Wish I had limelight or VIP but sadly I don't. But I'm happy I'm going, it'll be my first official concert
because she misses me so much
kinda excited for my party
Thank you!! My hit it out of the park with this cookie
Im coming to the big island next.
Thanks. As always educational
have said it any better
Morning..
You're most welcome!
I think it is Dr way of
gorgeous
Thank you
Thank you!!! its way hard. This is like my sixth carve (all others I GAVE UP ON!!) , so much learning whew....!
Happy Sunday
!!!!!!
MOOOOOOOOONO!!!!!!!!
Just had baby today
omgggg is that the famous ayechri$ sending me an emoji wooooow such an honor hey luv
Is anyone watching Andrew Gillum debate Ron DeSantis on CNN? I hope he is going to be the next governor of Florida.
I talked to God about you and he told me to be patient with you
Thank you so much!!
Thank you
sometimes you just gotta smile
.
.
.
Totes sisters. Can't wait to meet you!!!
I just got back from a convention and I so wish I had this!!! I'll have to keep it in mind for my next trip
Ahah, on a normal week m: 1-3, t: 3-5, w: 11-1, TR and F: 10-12!
But honestly, just text me and be there!
But you got through it bc you're one badda** girl!
You're so beautiful
The Eyes ,Smile, everything
I was in a sling recovering from surgery on my birthday last year
I learn not to ask anymore. Thank you
This was me! It took me forever to figure it out but glad you got your answers
Plz do the world good and just keep quiet lmao I still love u tho
Happy birthday Gurl. Stay mabait always.
Ya Allah, you know my situation, my weakness, and my need. Please ease everything for me. Amin.
the happiest little bean
Yes! We should just focus on the most important
Have a nice day!!
RT "We got this." When asked if they needed help. 3rd grade doin' it on their own
And we'll go back to the mantra since the beginning.
"What you see is what you get"
Gets? Good morning!
Thank you for this
CHEEKYYALL is his new name now omggggg i figureddd the Domplays Hunt out
Thank you
I learned not to ask anymore. Thank you
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KIM HANBIN
Happy birthday Take care always. Loveyou and missyou
come back! going to be super active for christmas be so much fun
sure sure why not
Thanks Alex Meneses 4 Blabbin' back to my tweet appreciate it Super BIGTime Lots Have a gr8 nite enjoy
from indonesia
Let know you are stopping over - have a sweet treat for you
You're on the wrong platform then since Twitter is the central for drama
everyday~ I have a feeling she'll update today!
They would have moved me right to First class PERIODT
that time of year again.
good morning
Sa Jollibee bida ang saya!
It will
When happy it shows
Gotta love Austin
WHOEVER IS BEING MEAN TO YOU NEEDS A PUNCH IN THE FACE Or maybe just some fruit punch
Next week?
It is perfectly fine and your right to support our great President confidentially. It's really no
Ha sorry, I just got this. You've got my number, text next time
Excited for later.
Thank you for getting the rights to the audio of songs instead of having them butchered by a live band
new york or polk*
I drink till drunk, smoke till high, castle on the hill, wake up in the skyyy
I like Roses
Waah Happy birthday Vio Wish you all the best
Awww hello kitty
You are so welcome!! Your tweets are always worth reading
please follow back...thanks
U too
olsun
No one unlike them be a bigger person and let it bother me just childish tbh
yeah
And here's a preview of my second piece for the I can't wait to see everyone's pieces all together!
Packers Rock!
Best thing seen today! Missing my Sunday night Toronto, Ontario
I feel absolutely horrible !!!!!!!!!!!!!
Predictably
Now at 1.5M views. Is there any chance that we can up this to 3M before the 24 hours pass?
Arepita mi gente bella
Dicen que ya vino muchisima gente, los amooooo
*of everybody
Awe thanks Lorie
been working on my attitude and becoming much better
Just helping a friend of mine.
Bored at work
I will be seeing this baby in a few days!!! See you love !
5 years, 1 month and still counting...
post them rn love
Good night by my time
Thanks so much Dave!
2 totally amazing women, thank you
Thanks girl! That theme picture makes my brain happy every time I see it.
just waiting for the wedding
love it when niggas be pressed over my girl cus if they that mean i need another one.
in a lil bit
if you guys are bored, then you should look through my amazing masterpiece of threads
wait for Day to get that message from team snap
I mind
You are!
Uyyy thank u! So blessed with you
Oi
Followed
I wanted 2 give HIM a hug for hugging him
It's soo much easier being kind,
Rebuild
Thank you!
You can! Just prove your citizenship. Then we have no problem.
No problem.
Lord thank You so much
*Blushing on lisa* *dancing around with lisa *
I really like this panel
Ok I did get out of that chair. I had to go see my fam and my little baby!
I like this Mya & my twin is Mia (@itsmuvamia younger by one minute.
It has been so wonderful, enjoyed every single minute I love you lots bro.
Flats for commuting, heels for on stage
Now about to start The Haunting on Hill House
Donny has Mellow Myx today with VJ Sunny!! (11:00 - 11:30) I missed them sooooo much
Haha yeah it's pretty awkward... JUST KIDDING!!! I LOVE YOUR PRETTY LITTLE FACE!! YOUR FACE MAKES MY DAY BRIGHTER
True that
And it's a beautiful one! You look happy.
THANK YOU PO!
I stan astro they are just so cute and talented
finally your dreams come true i'm happy know yoh happy
Morning aunty and uncle
ok to laugh, just point!
ThankYou ROSAAAAAA
thanks for taking the action
Wine and expresso
I did! Thank you
Oh gawd, that smile
"Zany" now that's a word i haven't heard in like, ever.
Benedict in Rugby Clothes!!
Large Size photos
Thank you
Much closer look.. d tlaga xa pendant its a ring
its mondayyyyyy . happy monday everyone
Happy Birthday
Location? Exciting news
Naa-appreciate ko, supeeeeer! Thank you
Had a good night at Top Flite, got some work done today. Cleaned up my room and now cooking.
On holiday in Ibiza and the toilet roll. Love it mrshinchhome_x_ Santa Eularia, Siesta , Ibiza
what I love is NASA is 4 of the 6 letters of my first name
someone said always one step ahead of that is so true
Yes tease us
Me encanta no poder dormir
Me & baby girl took a nap together ... it was nice
Just out here tryna make this cash.. I know you feel me though
Living first is worse. I would rather start out dead, and get that abrupt messy crap done away with. I prefer Immortality
I'm gonna try to stop by this week!
You go wrong!
I wanted to let you know I was the person you said hi too on video chat with my friend Emma that met you.
Im so happy for you babe
Dua Lipa & BLACKPINK - Kiss and Make Up (Official Audio) via
please follow back...thanks
Do I look good in my tight shirt?
maybe you guys could be mutuals
donate for clean politics donate for for aap
Hi Ate Have a great day ahead! Gob bless!
Thanks! been wanting to get skates for hella yrs I just see to blade all the time when I was a kid
Happy Birthday Bea!!
fyi
Yes you. I mean me oh no you
Been looking forward to maddies Halloween gaf for ages, pure shame am working till 10 in Dundee
Baekhyun's Wife!!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY Since you're beautiful, I have nothing more to say. I Love You
you're so sweet in your own ways
my life happy 8th!!!
Good luck!
Good morning & happy monday ci
Semangat buat aktivitasnya today
Thanks I know u all are that's why I love h all very much I'll come back don't worry I won't
You read books on evolution, right?...You read fairy tales, you just don't know it...
thank you eonni
Thanks Leah!!
Happy to see baby belly is back( after a hugggggeeee bowl of noodle). be shy MyungJun, ROHA all love it
You will be happy but first you got to be strong
happy for you~~
He makes me happy
hello
Choose wisely twin
Now about to start The Haunting of Hill House
Haha. It's okay. I'll surely still enjoy it.
Awesome!!! Thank you for the !!@Hits100AZ
Thats good to hear hon
Yay awesome up the great work
Don't worry he will doing great as always
they always come back
Thiss guyy..
Is the best boyfriend I've ever had.
HAPPY ANNIVERSARY. Thankyou always.
Thank you
thank you
Thank you for always entertaining my hairbrained 5 am emails!!
But the wedding was beautiful tho
22/10/18 18th
in luck! We just launched our Adult Miracle Cup! You can shop it here now
Happy landing
Ah!! Bubblebaths with a good and a .
Ooouuu this weather is great to workout in
Dear Hanbin, I wish you the happiest bday thankyou so much for bringing alot of joys to my life through your
Last day of school Thursday
He is not smiling but I think adorable anyways. And it was wonderful to meet and hug him
awww my coworker told me he missed me
Aww!!!
Had the best anniversary
Happy birthday see mamaya, God bless!
Maldonado-Demyanovich family fall fun! Sonny Acres Farm
Hope you have a great night!
Good Morning
Days 6-8
im tweeting using shortcuts
Untuk dia
So it means Indian banks should choose atleast MNC bank in consortium
Ok I did get out of that chair. I had to go see my fam and my little baby!
June 5th
Good morningg!! So, this is the start of my real sembreakkk
Tomorrow I finish my last rotation of Medicine & switch to surgery, lovely
So Happy there's A Few of us out there
She's not hiding
Goodmorning!
Sasamahan Kita by Loisa Andalio
Thanks! We had fun making them!
I would also love to see y'alls Kpop rooms if you would want to show me.
i left brunch & mimosas earlier just to come home lay in bed & watch netflix s/o social anxiety
Thank you, Asian Games!
Yay! One more week
Thalaivi recent pic
Thalavi so gorgeous
CHarming smile
As always
my heart and my sould kakyut baaaa
so beautiful and I love your smile and dimple. Also, them tats are
Im from singapore
Thank you
Blessed Morning
Never underestimate the importance of having someone in your life who can always make you smile!!!
thank you!!
I just buy 1 of each when I indulge
17/11
Every day in every way, and yes usually covered in pet hair and dog drool
My username is JulieRechelle.
I see yummy stuff in jars!
Is that your girlfriend... hehehe you gonna like my comment
If I see u throwing ass and I come and push down on ur arch know nothing personal I just feel u can go deeper
I miss this
Play tents! Measurements provided in the pictures. Payment upon delivery.
in need of a lash lady / prices? Can anyone help ya girl out?
Dr. John Atkinson handing over Division Chief title to Dr. Christine Pham!
GOOD LUCK, im sure youll get into whatever college u want to
My thought on synergizing with patients re-learning and education
Mi torta de
Goodmorning
Having my son
Goodmorning!
You ready are your father's son. Lol
Oct.21, 2018 Happy 7th birthday bering ..
Its Monday and it feels so good to wake up kung kelan gusto ko.
Thank you, Sister!
It's been a restful & peaceful weekend!
Thank God! How's your weekend?
photocard preference has been sorted. sure you guys will be happy when you get the lightstick I
Thanks xx
Selamat Hari Santri Nasional
Biar kate cuma santri pondok romadhon doang
im the nicest scorpio ever gonna meet
Calling me is an insult now pls& thank you
Learn why having No can be a The Power of Broke - Animated Book Review
When people get mad they true colors come out and I love it I just be looking like yes go ahead and remove yourself
You miss the old me
ugh it must suck to be bitter and take the time out of your day to bash someone for being happy. oh yeah, my
my point. I loved the show, you NBD. Different things appeal to different people. all good.
So awesome congratulations
Thank you Kuya J!! God bless!!
Sphincter if I know?
Thank you! The quick turnover forced our hand a couple times but overall happy with them
Yeah dw thanks for asking
like that
You're the cream cheese to our bagel!
SOOO PROUD OF YOU! wait to see all the amazing things you accomplish there love you best friend
Time will tell. The population of baby boomers is high.
Please help in need too
Rub my face I want to have the smell of your yummy ass impregnated on my face
Philippines, in Legazpi City
Great. I also wanted to participate if I could
Will do Rebecca, at 2:30pm.
thank you so much!
Thanks for the nostalgia
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Thank you, Helaine!
~ BUT I KNOW YOU COMMITTED TO GOD. SO I APOLOGIZE. JUST NEEDED TO SAY MY PEACE IS ALL. GODBLESS YOU LOVE
Full breakdown of it here:
Go for it!
Thank youuuu
Fairs fair. Take one of you as well
Good morning
I u
you look so happier you do
he
try me sisssss
Ngiting tagumpay. she was so nice and very unassuming person. Gwapaaa pa jud.
Any lgbtq singles gc that I can be added to?
Thank you
I stand when a hoe think everybody want her man FIRST OF ALL HES UGLY good Luv , ENJOY
Good morning! Hope your day will be productive today.
We should all make a trip to Disney someday
Or
For those who know Houston
As we move into next week remember to find new life in the whirlwind.
Yes please
key words as in hers. As in she can do whatever she wants to make her feel comfortable
siiii ya di que hacer
I learned that by book 7, but it's a work in progress like everything else. You'll get there.
True
Thanks for making the trek & taking time to high-ten my son!
Good morning
When someone asks me to help them start their fitness journey
When sad, I watch videos of dogs to make me happy again
Good morning Dampol 2nd National High School
Congrats Sarah. Have a wonderful journey as a mom!
Thanks so much. I think so.
IKON Handsome vs Hanbin Siunyu
It give me a retweet option on your tweet so I assume so
The nerve of some people! Lol.
I would do the same for you
Ifb
back to reality na! Work mode na ulit. Huhuhu
Ayieeeeee me Mr. Right ka na!
See you next week!
Shop at and use the code:WENDYH5420 for 20% discount
Bismillah
Hi, available modes of payment are: LBC, CEBUANA, GCASH and BPI
Thanks so much for that Really appreciate you
Love the shot
Model Friend
Awwwwnnnn... Thanks
Keyword Domains can Match Your Brand -
Excelente Feria
Make It Rain for $25 and choose any 3 videos from my store!
Or $10 for any solo video!
Buy that 1 solo video
Thank u senor
Thank you!
Fire the cannons!
God really do answer our prayers we just need to be patient, we all have our time.
Thanks Andrea I appreciate you
please follow back...thanks
Why are you yelling at us?
Also, throw a party.
Nothing makes me happier than seeing my dogs happy
Hala. Thats a nice song
She reminds me of when Hannah was younger.
Wow, Stacy, that's cool! Thanks so much for letting me know. We never really know all of the work that goes on
20181012
-Love me love me
finna do me so right
I was so surprised din kanina. Hahaha Yes. Probably this week pag maaga nadeliver dito sa bahay or early next week.
Jom
Luvly reply
from to real quick. sigh
Thanks
A car is a great office space for a writer needing to study but the kids need to play at the park
Follow us :
our channel link....
Hope having a fabulous
U love chocolate cake as much as I like your videos <3
is country!
Good night
Get delicious vegetarian ingredients delivered straight to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh
When Darryl shows up at Carols door step
Can we pay for the item first before the sf? yes you may.
excited for that
Baby Alive!!
Feed and change her diapers.
Payment upon delivery
please follow back...thanks
Any last minute entries for monthly WGD Golf Day - KSC from Noon - Ping me !
Hugs and love you my friend! Maya smoochies too!
Witik Misorcon Service Team
Congrats Service Team
Until next time
better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at - Alfred Lord Tennyson
there. more sensitive
Meron daw,,,dinim nia ako,,,charot
If what you say is true, then I love it
Heeey dear! Truly has. How have you been?
Fall in love with someone who has the same meaning of love as you
Very Interesting
single until somebody make me a girlfriend so therefore imma keep dating to see my options cuz if a nigga
What good mornings are really made of!
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Suppose to be going to my first concert this weekend
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
Mai con
+ + Netflix + = fim de domingo!
Seeing all these parents in line with their kid(s) reminds me of when my mom used to go with me to my concerts, just as company
I cracked my phone even more
Follow us :
our channel link....
comportado rs
Sebentar ye
I finished it yesterday. Did not disappoint
Goodmorning
I am legitimately excited for this. Woken Matt Hardy is genius.
wow I agree .. nice
Thank you
been a good weekend
he kiss his girlfriend? That was worse in my mind but I had to keep it decent
Idk what any of this means, but your work is appreciated
These jeans I just made for Zion so cuteeeee
broooo take 2 please
like leave me alone please
Work say no work tomorrow
Drinking red wine well because why not
Thanks for this giveaway
ON THE WAY NA.
Meet up sa client ko n gusto den kumita ng extra income. traveling to Cubao, Quezon City, Philippines
thanks mn zo2ak bas
Period
ABSOLUTELY, b/c David Rosen, the Attorney General of the United States of America said so I love David Rosen!!!!
Thank you Lord for this day.
Just stepped in gas so now my whole car smells like gas, so this is gonna be a fun drive
I still hope I could find you even earlier kiddo, so I could know more about you now..
Anyways, happy day my
Listo!
I wait to go to Sacramento and San Fransico In December
He's on the bottom of a cuddle puddle!
Surprise! Happy birthday!
de wala wala. goodmorning love
Follow us :
our channel link....
Thank you so much to James fearon who is another New Friend on Twitter! I hope you enjoy my Tweets
Morning Berlin, Germany
welcome
No kidding hey !!
20181012
-Love me love me
Thank you for the follow
Any bell ringing?
I subscribed, wait to see your next videos!
Wine and football
Everyday with my patients
The Neverending story is on Netflix
28 years and *still* putting up with my bullshit.
Thanks!
Comment or dm the number
1st time at the Renaissance Festival.
Back to reality and ready for the week ahead
WHAT SIGN MAKING YOU HAPPY RIGHT NOW ?
Voy!
I was dared to be Stitch for one of the nights at Escape so if you see me come say Hi
Goodmorning ppl
I have such a good baby hopefully she stays that way
well said and hello, cory
Way to go ! ..100% accurate.
I live for this weather
You can do it. Have a wonderful day.
Good Morning
be extremely pleased is completely dominating, as
So much anger I need to get ouuuuut
GoodMorning
Ahhhhh so beautiful
Thank you
teamQuad we got it!!!
Bulan kemarin dapat nomor antrian 92, hari ini nomor antrian 150, gapapa gapapa
Just ask my brothers tell you
Tell me you're okay and I will be fine
Oh girl, within an hour the page was taken down. It was a hacker. Thanks for the check up tho
Costume comes on Tuesday
Ordena tus flores con migo !! Apoya los negocios !! Support small business order your flowers with me
My POV
Thank you very much, That means a lot!
Good morning San Mariano
no prob, hope you have a chance to meet her somewhere in Hanpi during her stay go go
Sure I look forward to following your progress and if you ever need any help feel free to drop me a message
Gary Appy Fisher Brenda Fisher
Congratulations!! One day at a time
going to finish some work and go to bed but if you want to help out with a Fearless project for her 10th birthday dm me
Fair date with RJ Sunday after church excited
I try.
Thank you so much
I appreciate so much that, you're so kind
That was an awesome review
How on earth did she find out that King Cyrus had a penis shaped like a mushroom? Did she ask Alexa?
Ps my psn is Kyashu
Thank you! I was there yesterday. Saw you guys but wasn't able to say hi. Next time!
It was unbelievable
why we really out here like:
/\
| /\
| /\
Grabe! Goosebumps! It was really meant to be yours once I pulled it out of my bag. It was so
Back to me
No prob Dan! Awesome vid, thoroughly enjoyed it.
Cebu tomorrow.
You went to the Waitomo Caves!! It is amazing in there though Glad you're enjoying our little corner of the Earth.
Please let me know where you are registered wait to buy gifts for my future god child
Smile bitch , smile bitch
Good night by my time
Grand Halloween Fun Day! SMX Convention Center - SM Mall
Feel free to request a drawing! If I like the request, I will draw. For ace, onf, or knk only
You are welcome!
Awe, thanks, Austin.
Pm remembered me. Like my raps were memorable to them.
Atleast it was this year lol But I know you be turning ppl down tho. I saw your pics
Namjoon so cute!
Tan lindas
Yayy a slytherin
Why is Mahomes "the second" and not "junior"?
This is how i distract myself from incompetence
It's not uploaded yet! We're still editing the final scenes
totally gonna try it!!! thank you sm
Yes to success
Grabe! Goosebumps! It was really meant to be yours once I pulled it out of my bag. It was so
And me too!!!!
Love it
Great choice, Mariel! Make sure you drop by your nearest Goldilocks today to get that Chocolate Cake fix!
I am going to read that next
Done!
going to see it this weekend, wait
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
And then we laughed a bit cause awkward then she kissed my forehead
Yay happy
Halloween Gamenight in full swing Saturday
Exacto.
You know it!
Good Morning, Ceremonial Ball of National Tournament Of The Club Champions.
Eagle Ridge
No problem, we can make it next year . be in town next year too
Take them out, they need to be free.
N O I R
Good Morning Monday Please blessed this week Goodvibes
Thank you!
Hey there You should be able to from my profile, or if you'd rather, you can email me (it's in my bio )
Been watching it, for a while It's fantastic! Really love the cinematography!
always look out the window
before i need the World
after i need Jesus
walk. Are you on Fitbit? Friend me if you want to. Lets spur one another on to love and good walks...
ok srsly im ready
I expect English caption in the mv ok sm
my stylin' son 9 is a big fan of yours and wanted his hair like yours here ya go
Lol Lilly cut it. You know why if and not because nobody likes you
like yeah I did buy *insert photo here*
Thanks
Just a normal day at the office
Yes to everything except abortion. Keep the innocent children out of this
If you need an ego boost come to and show us the people you hate so we can all chisme away and tell you how ugly they are
Thank you i will
love is all over the place dont miss any
please follow back...thanks
welcome!
Oh yes
My first tweet ever. Better late than never.
I think paint art could calm my tears
October almost over . December coming closer ...
see you there!!!
My 1st day
Well expert tailoring is pricey
felix at the beginning
Thank you IFB
When you and your old friend of four years get back together to play bo4
Q bom. Td estou bem
Lovely
Model
MUA:
capturetokyo
For the 1st time tweeting in 2018 *cheers*
I need the contact of this fucker
What did you do this
We spent a few hours with my cousin who is here on a biz trip from Chicago . We
giving my Uber 5 stars for not saying a word to me the whole way.
Thanks mama, i think I've already started to turn the corner back to feeling normal (for me) so hopefully that keeps up!
So honest and blunt Good Job IDOL
?
Oh ima talk bet last week
Play tagu-taguan with them. Ikaw taya and sila pataguin mo. Magaral ka while they are hiding.
For those that are worried (myself included), be alright
Hey Megan, heaven
Lethal White!
very happy with the B/W draft. excited to see the colour creation soon. I will message you, honey. X
Could invite you to Trooping the Colour in June next year too
Birth child then.
Movie night with my day ....I wait ....
This is awesome!
I need people to play black ops with
You should try the food in Chicago....Great Food
Thanks for taking the time to reply to me. appreciated
will be with him on his day later
Welcome!!!! ENJOY EVERY MINUTE
FANTASTIC!!!
Start your week with a smile...
no you stfu and mind your business
Heyy Jackson! Can u pls play by Camila Cabello? Thanks
Someone who sits on Twitter looking to troll .
Kinda lije you.
So ready to just lay in bed and ressstt! Oh, and watch
New line of in our store! Check it out
Nanjing, China
Goodmorning monday
I made this for you I hope you don't mind.
Beetlejuice
And he didn't even have on his usual button down and tie.
Me too
Thank you so much for sharing
thanks
Lovely
Model
MUA:
capturetokyo
every time i look at my home screen i smile
I absolutely love riding around listening to music singing my heart out
Thank you I'm just starting out and I'm excited! Do you have any tips?
Thank you!
Good Morning
Got it..
Fuckin tired of the internet man
Ps. I made cheesecake come
Enough is enough
iKON has reached 1M followers on a birthday gift to our beloved leader Congratulations boys and
Just ordered mine, Leigh Anne! wait to wear it!
It's all good I'll just be jealous.
Thank you
Young and carefree
So, do you have any more recent pics of yourself or are you going to try to find more on Getty Images?
Asking for a friend
I'm in good mood too
Dm me hun
Not yet, but in the future
Ah...nothing beats Guinness in Dublin.
Poll time! Topic: Pizza lunchables! What do you do? RTs appreciated!
Nice to meet you monster
I like that episode! It was disturbing, and a few of the actors were annoying, but I still liked
Happy birthday i hope the good things you do for people will boomerang to you sevenfold
My handmade Rinoa cosplay + weapon for ! I'm very happy for the final result!
CLOSED FOR RENOVATIONS!
Open Tues 9:30am
See you then!
Hi and amen my friend God bless
Chly ga
Make the rest of your life the best of your life
Hi
Goodmorning
If you live in Georgia vote for Stacey Abrams on November 6
Montana Bloom is a rare flower (22 Photos)
Smile good anyway
You're welcome
I will thanks Zach
Good morning frends
Slept for 9 hrs.. feeling a lot better now.
Miss you.
Love you
Love you baby..
gonna be productive and clean 6 pairs of my shoes
Amazing race Group 1.. Thanks for the fun, guys! sayang dq nkuha un mga twitter handles nyo..
I've been on hiatus when they cb with 8 members but 9 is better than 8
Been in the library since 3pm but it will be worth it
Lovely
Model
MUA:
capturetokyo
Done!
Finna wear my ass on my shoulders tonight
They're real and they're spectacular. Find Her (36 Photos)
Heh no problem and sure free most of the time even tho I work weekdays for 8 hours
The babies are the best.... look its mom!
Happy
If it were to happen, I think Eli would actually do that. genuinely a nice guy.
Thought this was cute so hear ya go. My music taste is mostly Asian and a little bit of mellow western sound.
The actress playing Rosa Parks looks like a femme Brittney Griner.
Thank you so much for following! a pleasure to connect! :)
Kaya mo yan and in no time be with Engel na din. always in our prayers.
Danger ? In what sense ? Do we have to believe every story churned our by BJP/RSS IT cell
Have a safe flight
You're the best Julez
The feeling when you peel it off.
Facts but guess what !? Now you gone respect me with barely any lashes now
Yeah
Bi gitti
Look at their smiles Make me wanna smile too
I'll be fine
Church was great today
Thank you so much I will!
Midnight KST will be 8:00AM for us in CA
Goodmorning
Love you too
Yes there is at 20 space
Fuckin around with a looper peddle one day. Based off Want You Back by 5sos
finally taking my hair out
Hey, made a career out of it. Go with it.
What a hectic day. Found a baby snake in my house wbu
Wow ... you're really on a roll these past couple of days
Thank you
Thank you your Highness
check your FB messages.
I likevgiving head like really for my pleasure not yours
Not sure what is happening here but I'm okay with it (Video)
Yey! Starting today, Oct 22 in Metro Manila Cinemas! >> OSCARS 2018 OFFICIAL ENTRIES OF 6 COUNTRIES, FEATURED
watching the replay of the game on FS1 right now
Starting a story this the day
Happy today
My afternoon is going well , thank you for asking . I hope you had a lovely day as well .
Goodmorning
Pinahanga mo kami lalo so proud of you duckie girl ilabyuuu be godblessed you always
coming out one Sunday to do this Bloody Mary bar.
all going up from here.
35. I got into kpop in 2016-2017 year so three years
Yes! Nate and I will be in Fairmont this week but soon
Surprising to me as well
Thank you Steve.
I want shop. Any car would look good sitting there
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Awesome!!!!! a great one
stay strong den, challenge all negativity and stay positive. We love u
Yes it was! Today was pretty good as well
Congratulations, to your daughter, Jodi
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
thanks, Queen
Glad you like it! wait to see you, too!
HALA! THANK YOU FOR PLAYING GLEE'S VERSION! OMG! CORY MONTEITH VOICEEE!!
I just wanted to yell at the cowboy for interrupting them! They are ok about PDA now.
Cry Liberals Cry!!!
Bhahahhaha
~ Greatest POTUS & Capt. Bam Bam
Somebody treat me to lunch cash app > vanthemac
Okay cool. We live in Packwood but we enjoy visiting as you can see
Happy birthday God bless
Since Christmas and thanksgiving around the corner please post them nasty ass looking plates. Thank you
Take me to that one perfect night
Awesome English!!
Your kids were ecstatic
Aalis ng gutom
Oh, that's great! That certainly fixes the issue and I will grumble no more.
I got an actual massage from her and I recommend highly.
Thank you
Yup
& for more Videos!
Excited for tonight!
Thank you
at least i just got home now
Aww thank you
I really appreciate it. So glad people like my work
Gorgeous! I uploaded a new YouTube video today
Iz had fings to doo today enry but iz took time to look at it picha so iz cud relaks. fankz.
please follow back...thanks
It's the time of the year traveling to Ninoy Aquino International
good morning
Wanna sit on a cover on the ground and paint pumpkins
Morning monday , don't forget happy
So stoked to finally own these on CD after tonight's show
Oh stop it; blushing
Deadpool i Baby
Life is simple take it easy
And yet so sweet n innocent! Haha! Lovely family!
Thursday.....tell bree what yall want
thank you, Ry!
You are the best plot twist of my 2018
thank you
OmiseGO $OMG price: $3.31
Binance distributes every fork meaning you get free airdrop !
Sooo anyone down to go to city and get insomnia cookies w me
Definitely me over quay ill really take a mf on one about my shorty
Good morning
so excited!!
music + drone flight = epic
Here is my spiral now! tall. Steel, wood and leather.
No beauty shines brighter than that of a good heart
Clothed w/ kindness & humility ...
I can only
Lol it's cool
just your friendly reminder to put the meat out to defrost before your mom comes home and damns you to hell!
thank you!
& Flacco
my birthday tomorrow
Wow, thank you so much! You're the best!
OH HELL YEAH!!! welcome to the family! Rules are is to be kind and accept everyone
Thank you Lord...AMEN
God bless everyone
Love - Omgoodness been black all my life and as far as I know I will die black...the only
Hey bakit mo deleted? Can u send ulit in dm? Pls & TY
cuddles when other people pet her:
cuddles when i pet her:
Thank you
I like how recreated the case to understand it
down to try
Redemption, well-earned and well-deserved.
Do you like mythology? What mythological creature do you prefer? Yes, Pegasus
I got to see today and bacon
My name is Drew btw
Listening live from Bangalore!
Say hello to my twin babies and hubby Jonel!
I paint whatever I feel inspired to paint
Indonesia, Design A
Thanks for giveaway
Such a good song
Enjoying my life with my body. No negativity needed here.
Omg thanks so much Steph It was a good one
Simple
got a of a wine bar George! Always a highlight of each visit here..
dont wanna hurt anymore.
Well here I leave my last drawing of Hope you like
Pumpkin carving time. ramari69 Lone Tree, Colorado
Watching Dinosaurs
He gave my friend a pick too
You guys will always seem like bro and sis to me!
Binge watching narcos
My happy place
My 3rd wood burning project
please end the time change!
Let us keep daylight savings time!!! Thank you
FYI BREAKING NEWS - approval rating ahead of
Least I get my weekend all to myself
I did, Thomas and i've had a blessed one!!
Successful event thank you guys Happy Birthday naknak i love you
Isa pang paalala...
Please understand that we reply questions regarding ticketing based of our own prior experience.
True.
As Jimmy used to say on the 'Saint & Gravsie' show, 'footballs a funny old game'
that is so cute awww
LB is surprisingly maluwag for a Monday.
alright, I able to access the map seat selection again but I found the seats I was after
I was a tad confused when this penny fell out of the envelope but it take long to figure it out. Thanks Evs
Domingo
Maybe not to late...
So you know my birthday is October 28.. and I might need this and a grinder to celebrate my 21st
I'm from and live in San Diego, California US. Appreciate your trans
Another great weekend in the books! Gotta be up at 3am so hittin the bed for the night.
You both look beautiful
Thanks
Today's Thought
mood shifter
Either way have your hands full but thank you!
I can hardly wait until I get to go to to see it with my very own eyes
Hahahahahahah. She's cute tho for me
Hi pls dm me or if you want to be added in.
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
Apply and come on over so we can be besties all day
Thank you. But Danm a greasy cheeseburger sounds really good now I hope you had a great weekend
Then you should have kept your fingers off the keyboard.
And what does " your trying to get me the last word"
I have got couple of questions to ask you. Let me know when available to talk
Mine too!! it's the best feeling & He loves us so much too!!
Thank you
Back to sleep
Happy Birthday!!! got to come visit Courtney so we can all go out now!
So i cooked Stuffed Bell Peppers, Macaroni and Deviled Eggs
Same . Just a tweet
Thank u Kevin!
Morning, Misaki. Have you done with your breakfast? -Ssi
Gotcha!
I know. We can agree to disagree. I just think those are mutually exclusive
I think I finally found someone who makes me really happy and the best thing about it is that I can truly be myself when I'm with him
I love this
Thank you!
Imma charge it for you tho
O kakao um amor com todas as armygas prontas pro halloween.
Me and my friends ready for Halloween, thanks
I bet! Have a safe flight my friend! talk to you later
Enjoy cooking with HelloFresh next Enjoy 30% off with this offer:
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
At what age does geriatric apply?
Something wants to come out and be free ... don't struggle, let yourself BE.
nice to see you kahapon shy pa rin ako eh...
Maybe someday on Halloween I'll have the opportunity to ask someone to hold my pumpkins
Lighting credz
lies come out eventually
Me too. stealing the pic.
Tiger tea with Himalaya Chocolate
Oh I hope happy Smiley
You make others that way so you deserve it!
Hoping for a proper work week
Get back in the game with some sexy girls in sports bras
Yes! Finally feeling better
from miss.iza - Morning
asyrafariffcouture) -
yeah but forget to smile like this always
I cannot waitttttt until tomorrow!
I love my mute button. When watching the evening news, I can instantly silence the despicable ass as soon as he opens his mouth.
To be hated is to achieve distinction...
So, i love being hated
Thank you jown!
Full House, Beakers. Fun House. Also, fun fact: Beakers now appears in auto suggestions when I type
tmr monday tho
I mean, special as in with is encouraged.
so happy
This Eucalyptus Oil from Belli To Baby will help you fight bacteria and germs in the air
I read 10 chapters today i feel accomplished
After back to back 12 hour shifts at the hospital I cant wait to get a margarita
Have a good start to the week! Please remember to vote for daily:
At Walmart with my bae
I like how recreated the case to understand it
If a YouTuber interested in joining a group chat to network hit my DMs. You must stay active and support one another
wait to start my new job tomorrow
Sorry, Smashville is keeping him
HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY MY SUPERMAN ILOVEYOU
AT DAHIL WALANG GANAP
PA ICE CREAM KANAMAN feeling loved
Thank you! Have a blessed night Marie!
Just wanna say congratulations to who you're dming now
Excited for tonight!
very sweet. Thank you
Try SPOTIFY PREMIUM!! And NETFLIX PREMIUM!!!
Affordable po NO JOKE!! LEGIT TO fmi just pm me
Oh stop! If you ever need anything, I'm only a couple of hours away from you
Congratulations to them!
Still bummed, but at least the Texans won
Thank you
Happy birthdayyy! Have a blast
I say 7lbs .2oz and 19.5 inches
Successful recipe of vegan shrimp with Alfredo just excited able to have shrimp-like stuff because of my allergy
Yea that was me
Y'all. Look at my baby brother!!!
Hope everyone had a pleasant weekend and cheers to having a great week!
Nerde bu millet yaa suyumu cekildi
I'm not even a massive fan of Ranveer Singh or Deepika Padukone, but their wedding news has made me so happy
Just wait
thank you, both photos are me
I'm fairly average otherwise
Muchas gracias
i'll also throw in a got7 facemask
Joined as a player pogs!
I love
Thanks Agne! We had fun! My parents, especially, really enjoyed it.
You have the most heartwarming stories
excited*
put the new prints up on the wall
what I do think about mayo settle for one
Keep on moving forward! Taraaaaa. Subsob na natin sarili natin sa trabaho! Fucos.
Grabe kakaiyak galing niyo guys I'm happy for all of you Pordalab ADNSD Super thankful and blessed to
You're the first female I've ever seen to be interested in the same anime as me. Dream girl oh. i try????
Thank youuu
Goodmorning indeed
Priceless journey . Congrats Lauren flight of falconry I hope you are watching and would love to
good whatever it is!
Women really are amazing. Just thought I'd throw that out there
(I know what you're thinking amd the answer is mind ya business )
selamat pagi
Have a nice day
Goodmorning
Life only comes around once, do what makes you happy and be with people who make you smile.
Well here I leave my last drawing of Hope you like
Yeah! Soon is getting sooner. I love u so much. Love you too darling
Thank you eyy
Haha. Krissy solved the problem
you have those days when you just wake up feeling good & happy for no apparent reason at all? all
Congratulation to ... Champion Cup at USA Woman 7s...
really like to see my Pappy
Miss Mariah looks cuuuuute . Okay girl!
It means your account will be deleted
THANK YOU FOR THIS Kuya JOSH Napaiyak moko dto ng sobra see u next time
Few mornings with this view. Good morning, Makati
Good evening Phil
Done!
Rides for all users promoCode MIGUELT10 RhodeIsland
yourewelcome
Good Morning
Same old but it's okay
What an oddly lovely league table
really motivated to make a fitness account and just share anything i can to hopefully help someone out there stay tuned kiddos
Would have loved to have heard that
I'd write abt love today but I'm gonna keep this one to myself
Cutie
+ + = perfect night
Fire
Fire performance is the very hot
Ohhhh Ang sweet mo bhe Thank you so much
Glad you were so well looked after Simon
Beautiful
Yellow since they also walk out onto the catwalk and other stage. get a good view of everything
Great to meet a fellow CTer! Danbury is beautiful
No worries
I was born full of mine
Dito natin ipost bec it seems too unbelievable for most people that singles like me are legitimately happy And
A new Desktop Background. Download and enjoy!
Let's do June then pick the days
no nigga gon say my shit out of order ijs
watching your video right now! and my channel is
Bless her heart!
This rain should stop by morning oo.. I want to play tennis
I was born deaf and legal blind even started school at age of 3
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Feeling good after some cardio. I really sweat it out.
Cuties.
Thanks beautiful!
Just ordered the cutest locket necklace, so exited
hey anon, lapag mo username moo
New vid is up in bio
Goodmorning
Thank you
Good for Purdue.
Thank you!! Excited to read more
You're making me hungry!
After Dusty & Steve Austin, The Rock ranks
Thank you Ashley
I buy a whole tube of the black Sea weed or charcoal ones from wally world and they're really not that bad
Dalton and I have officially DTRed
well time to start renovating my future home! Happy things worked out in my favor for once
Thank you
Sometimes we need a distraction. Distract away!
They are so much into Ramayana that they even have showed the Ram Setu between INDIA and Lanka.
Just bought new CD
You know it
Yes Good luck for ticketing babe
Waiting On To Come Home
Thanks for the fun feature
TALKED TO MY BOY , dis smile on my face priceless
Congrats on making it to Hump Day, your reward
Can I have it
Thank You So Much For Saying That My Man, Just Made My Evening For Today, You Are Such An
Saw a couple of haters at my party on Friday. Just wanted to say thank you for your money tho glad you enjoyed your time
Jwup goodmorning
I already miss it!
This is a great idea Impulse streaming party anyone?
Aww sorry I missed the post! Thank you
New vid is up! In bio
YES!!! Siya talaga ang sagot! good morning and enjoy the rest of your day!
Don't try to understand your life. Let it flow as it is. U enjoy/celebrate each n every moment.
Good Morning
Trump is the BEST.....
Trump 2020.
Thank you!!
Cant wait to go home
good morning
sooooo good, you have to go
Thank you!
Run me some funds send it to my cashapp
We're diving deep downblouse this morning. Strap in, folks (35 Photos)
With my mommah
In this house we stand multitalented Siwon
PSA it was brought to my attention mfs assumed that shit said boyfriend Lmao YA Thought carry on thou
You can demonstrate with cocktail napkins on the 23rd
Just thought I'd bless your timeline with this adorable picture of hobi. Your welcome
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
Thank you!!
I almost threw up looking at this // Good thing most pf my dietary needs come from eating ass
California is the best
Hitting the bar tonight, this is my last kid free night
Yeah, this feels natural... Guess what I'm going to be for Halloween??
...., and proud to be an American!
Nice meeting you! See you again next time have a safe flight
These b.tches throwing slick shots , YOU know me ? I go direct with it ya feel me put a name on IT
Nevertheless we're happy you care.
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off
hello
Thanks I'm kinda super proud
Yes, Namjoon
Such a good day.. I woke up and see your face (on this)
Thank you
I purple you
Thank you so much for support!! The fan section was phenomenal today God bless
I love that movie
It sure was
Thanks for the donations tonight! Much love brother
Following back.
Saturday night and motion kill my soul
I really love that
Bess up g.o.a.t
anxiety at an all time high today
i use witch hazel every morning & i use a non-scented lotion from aquaphor!
We're on 8th position now
Let's go higher
Update: I got a 100% lmaoo shout out to online classes & also quizlet
Wow! You are close! When I saw Lorde I was that close or at least two rows down from where you are sitting. Have fun, Oli!!
I wait to make another roast ....always remember to use beef stock, guys
Thank you!!
Have a nice day
I adore both sky &
tooooooo good rn
Hey heyyy. Yeah coping okay. Just really tired. How about you?
yes can't wait, namjoonieeee
I got to pet a dog today
Camila Cabello shares adorable pics of her enjoying time at home with her family.
Pretty
He's a sweetheart bb, he's 15 years young
wait
Can't wait
Thanks!
Yost, you and Gerd are the best.
That's ep 10
Great hike with a new friend
Yayyyyy so excited for
I followed random people to try and make friends on here so feel free to message and say hi
Proudly MCGI
Tas andaming chat hehe.
wait to listen to the whole playlist
I feel like ChicagoFire to real life crossover?
Aaaajxhhzhz wait
Interesting
myah is like my gf lmao she does gf things for me
Have a great week everyone
do you have more pics?
had a perfect Sunday and now about to grill some steaks. That is all
looking forward
here laban lng dzai whatever that is!
Hinding-hindi po.
So ya still wish we had kept Doncic instead of trading him for Young? Asking for a friend.
I will be wait
Good morning
Thank you
all depending on what you want you can dm me if you have an idea of a theme
Remember Today
Nap time
My roomate came bearing mini cupcakes
We wait
Time hurry up omg excited I know gonna be
Ok, I'M READY
let's break the record, fam
Goodmorning
Yeah I picked that up on closer inspection
Te atendimos bien?
Agree jud ko. The first time is always a memorable one
Excited
Know the feeling that pic rach is a representation of modern day people vibes lol...
OH MY GOD THATS YOU??!!?? i always look at that name and smile
Happiness is...Working with your BFF
sebby
This Mistress is gorgeous! I adore her nonchalant look as her slave gets on with his duties! .
I got chim too
AGAR LEBIH SABAR SEHAT DAN AWET MUDA BACA INI
Thank you
To say i work by myself today going by so smooth
I wait
Tweet of the day. Good morning
*BUENAS NOCHES YA SABE QUE CENAR???*
HOY *DOMINGO* TENEMOS ESTAS PROMO
PARA TI
*PIZZA GRANDE DE 4
Sunday Morning
Jennifer Saviano will give you a case of Hubba-Hubba (17 Photos)
Can't wait I'm sure it's amazing. I you
happy birthday po
Well done. Hope you enjoyed North America and Europe. Rest up. We hope to see you again soon!
happy birthday! have a great one
Yo voy con tigo
Thanks Meredith - it was a lot of fun!
yes king! I'm excited
This lovely blouse is now in both boutiques! Pendleton and downtown NOBLESVIILE!
Today was a good day. My bf let me keep his sweatpants for a little longer.
Bora pra live do
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
50 Photos That Will Make You Never Want To Get Out Of Bed
Revolee Mars
and wait patiently and excitedly
Good Morning
till i finish a hundred responses po
good thing today: I discovered and ordered myself some happy things to wear
Smile
Normally say you do you boo...but be honest getting too cold for dresses anymore
Waiting!
Lovely
D-377
I can't wait
Friendship never end btw , congrats farulrazy Pandamaran,Klang
OMG! Touching
I FINALLY have a couch in my apartment! All I need now is a nice coffee table annnnddd the rest of my bed
Thanks Unlucky!
Such a tease ...
wait
On to my doctor who colouring book
The MV that made me stan BAP
This is gonna be release tonight at 10pm in my country can't wait
Invite me over for dinner when you do make them
Researchers! Interested to know if you're being talked about?? Altmetrics Explorer can help you discover your
Congratulations in advance RM
Won both of our last games.
Game 1: (10-5)
Game 2: (6-5)
Our team scored 28 goals today! 4 of which were mine!
Oh yes.. We're ready
Hey up?
Haha pagi yaa ponakan aku yg cantik! Have a nice day~~ don't skip your breakfast ne
Awww nice to see u too
Can't wait to listen to it king. I'm excited for Mono
wow I look better IN jeans than your escort does!
Thank you
De agorinha
Awww glad to hear that. Hope you are doing well.
wait
The darkness from the entire last season seems to have been lifted.
wait
wait!
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
oh okay got it.
Well granddaughter is coming our way next April. Sean and Brandi held a gender reveal dinner tonight and
Buenas noches people
What cheek! Enjoy Rome
My goal is tracking malware, cheering up hoomans, and keeping an eye out for fellow
Have a great rest of your weekend.
Komodo $KMD is valued at: $1.25
HURRY! Binance is currently accepting new users
Uyab mo ni lester? Or MU? Feel nako naa jud moy something HAHAHA wala gyud mi something anon mag best
Having a bestie day tomorrow! Shopping and movies!
Definitely wait
"It's a good thing to get a win, but on Senior Day, it means more."
We'd agree
|
Nice work Lewis! Epic battle. Podium place. Keep pushing. More to come!
Yall cute! New phone quality is showing too
Don't know what to say... Just look forward to hear it
You're so pretty Sam! Everytime i see you smile naiinlove ako Kahawig mo talaga si Zion OMG!
Goodmorning
keep thinking shit sweet
Is that how you introduce her?
RT
Nope it was a pic of him.with Anaita and her kids
Sounds good to me
No girl, I'm not. I've got a long way to go, I'm a work in progress.
Good morning.
You too have a great day and dont skip meals
Well done In getting through some great dancers on the show but routing for u both be nice to see u win Kev
I love watching you guys on the ice and off the ice, either way, you make me smile
Wishing a very happy birthday to cute papa
daughter of
Hey at least I got my watch later filled up again
Franchise record for missy goals in a period. This makes me very happy!!
Send emojis cause bored
Excited
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
This is why we love you
Tak payah kan?
That sucks hope you will feel better tonight and have a fun filled night with a smile
Done! Tnx for the help!
Hi Scott, can you please follow me back, like to ask you a question (law related!) Thanks, Teresa.
Love not being in the mix I get a lot of shit done now.
U gonna send the recommendations or not
Just kidding
dias chicos y chicas!
Spread love and positivity to everyone.
que es para ti
Yo birthday comin up
Great meme. And highly accurate
Goodnight y'all.
*hugs* block it out baby, focus on the good things
last weekend of at
i'm born ready lets get it!
We can join to help us earn more hearts
Down south period. wait to go back
I've had enough
Pierre was groomed today! He did it for his lady loves Lizzie and Princess. SWIPE to see this gorgeous new
Yung ganito, tapos horror stories! Gold
give you the world because the world gave me you
I know it is I have friends who've done it, and it's on my one
I went to IU, so only one thing I hate more than a Boiler, and a Buckeye.
Done
...And me!
We Bare Bears on Netflix...
I know ya missed me
Don't let anyone ruin your day.
Happy Monday everyone!
Please ask more.
Thank you po!
Excited for this.
Yesss that is a perfect explanation hahaha good!! It really does have a deep and meaningful ending in my opinion
Good morning
One of my bridesmaids just got engaged and so damn happy like twinsies now
"Islands in the Stream" !!! TOO sweet (in the best possible way)! thank you
I still haven't had my second diner XD
Okay, but I don't have to get up early tomorrow
But I love dkm fans, because all friends!! And feel free to send me your tattoos.
He's so funny.
Thanks a lot
I hope he reaches his RT goal
Thanks Ashlyn
The best way to have a good idea is to have a lot of ideas.
.
Assalamualaikum PAGI
Same here
I would love to be there right now
Very cool story and I find nothing wrong with what they do
bachelor
more visible when you watch the video
weird when you realize the person you once told everything to, now has no idea going on in your
Fighting!
We can follow to earn more hearts
Like isn't a strong enough word
Thx
MONDAY
Have a blessed week.
Another top read. Really enjoyed it. I expect sell lots
Looking Good Team!
Toxic feminists ideology want equality when it suits you yes
Beautiful badasses in (and out of) uniform (40 Photos)
Finally got a few hours sleep
bonitin
Good Morning
Me too
Yasss! worry pat! We will enjoy your video no matter what!
That looks so good
really so happy with life right now , like just waiting for everything to fall into the right place & im not even rushing it
Domingo
Have you seen Another yet? It's a horror anime and one of my favorites
I need to get a house to hold my video game custom framed poster museum
CANT WAIT JOONIE I'm so excited to hear what you've been working on
Oh Honey You never falter.
Until Then, It's Going To Be All About Me.
most definitely. i love playing with you beautiful people
15 year old daughter chose our Halloween movie tonight.
That satisfying feeling after you get ur nails done hehe
I want to, but i can't find it...
Done! Boleh boleh
My light bright baby I beileve he will be 1 soon.
Youre welcome
These make me happy every year.
.
.
Slime
Happy birthday to oh how I love playing on her birthday
I want all. But i will choosre the drawing
I'll be watching
Thank you
Bro you have cute eyes
QUE BONITA Y FINA QUE SOS SOLEDAD NO SE SI CABRE NO TE VUELVE A BUSCAR AL VERTE X ESO LS DE LS MIYIFUS
So happy I started watching the good place! Such a cute show
Karedevil are brotp.
Kastle are otp
I was looking forward
Gooooooood morning
I hope you liked it
I'M READY NAMJOON
I WANT TO LISTEN MOONCHILD
Good morning
ahh thank u !!
Hi Lori. You look great as always. Are you tired or something else?
Bought both my girlfriends roses for Sweetest Day all they getting out of me.
Aw man that sucks... okay, streaming serendipity intro and full is enough
you didn't even follow me back but that's fine fam I purple u
awesome! Glad to hear that. Always glad to see you here but good to take time for yourself too
Thanks for the opportunity!
Thank you, check my next tweet
So grateful for today look like it was gonna be a good day but it was just fantastic!
My sunshine
I will never be her
Same to you my friend,lovely
so simple,
Buy me food
Give me money
Be neat when you cheat
Gooodmorning
Ben is in the centre one for the foreseeable future
Don't ya love it?
welcome
Ask
two places in Key West made the list! See, meant to be our next trip
good morning
Aww beautiful my Sister in law
Lol I'm dead ass serious. Welcomed anytime
Im so happy for you Taehyung-ah. Dreams come true, indeed.
it was in the beginning, 3:54. and about not being allowed to talk: around 29:00
No one is sitting in the middle seat thank you for this wonderful birthday gift
Sorry, couldn't resist
Did you by any chance let assist in assembly? That would explain it
Always happy to see Big Ten Schools so well! I foresee the Oaken Bucket going to the Boilermakers
getting a few surprises for tonight as well
These are my from birthday
Good morning
Getting just to call my mom for just an hour and talk about god and how so good to me makes my heart happy
You get 1 shower for the first kid and first kid only! after that on your own.
Update: I found someone to go with, but the more the merrier message me if anyone wants to come!
Thank you
Not going trick or treating this year. just gone sit and pass out candy
Thanks for sharing Powerful and uplifting words.
Just reading contract is getting me all excited
Hi, my dear , done.. I've followed you back
I got 3 shines as well
Dominicana
these would suit you well
Thank you!!
The goal is to make them proud.
Focus on the road
Another week to wait for the good news hi bap, jsyk, im still waiting
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Thank you so much for reading! I hope you'll also enjoy OTHER WORDS FOR HOME.
I get appointment and sick time for both me and the kids. Plus vacation. Got to use it before end of March or I lose it
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
welcome
Insightful!!!
Ahhh thanks!
Thanks dude
I got 3 shinies as well
Venus in Capricorn, Mars in Scorpio
Sorry about that and that sounds sweet looking out for your mate
I'm so ansioux!
I know you prepared something wonderful to share with us.
Love ya!
Love yourself enough to let go
Okay!
Haha il m'arrivera rien va!
Tutulungan ko si hosh ngayon may I take your order, miss?
Hahaha that's awesome! Yes definitely a cool coincidence!! Good luck!
Yeah Vball is my First love but Baby your my first true Love
Hola, Chica Maravillosa
Lift your head, baby don't be scared.
Our girls are in for a nice surprise tomorrow! I wait to see their faces!
Lift your head, baby don't be scared.
Love seeing fans like this
Car selfies to drive you into the weekend (48 Photos)
I really care about mfs opinions ima do what makes me happy
Baby Kimpot
Yesterday Kiblongan City
Thank you
Treat the next Queen right
Although.... eastside >>>
Say hey next time.
Had a fantastic weekend in
ready for the fair
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Great minds
ok
Good morning everyonee
Hope you wil have a grt day
Be careful with banners at current poles and bike rally
I got the day off tomorrow and I almost wish I didn't Fuck the Cowboys, specifically, fuck all DC/DMV Cowboys FANS.
Ravens and Browns taking L's love it
ATL NYC Boston Denver San Fran tomorrow for FounderCon gotta love
Homecoming was one for the books
Oh hi!!! absolutely welcome, babes! just being honest!
Not as fantastic as YOU are, good sir. But I love you like crazy!
Alright Now
the storm will be over shortly.. til then, im smiling through the rain..
So much fun tonight at Boomers! Thx to Daddy and
It just made me so happy that they tied it into infinity war and civil war is my fave of all the
This song is so good
Question: Where should I put my tattoo? It's going to he this: (it's for my mom)
Yo
Let's welcome this tough week with full of positivity. We're all gonna make it. Fighting!
Who wants a chance to win a prize???
AU only
Mhm be there in 10
Good morning!! Have a great week everyone!
Happy Monday!
awww that's sweet
Let's see those facts please!!
Johnny, you are good news for my heart
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Lol I love it
Oooooh, jealous!! Hope you have a great time!!!
I still got $25 tho so I like selling my stuff there
Skinny and Horny Shemale Duo Fucks Hard and Rough
reunited
Goodmorning. Start your day with a smile.
of course!! i can even teach u the basics if u want
I'm really looking forward to this Joonie, especially Moonchild and Forever Rain
Good Morning
Sorry i just dont care just throw and post it and dont forget to mention me
i sold anything.
Good morning!! Have a great week everyone!
Happy Monday!
while over here having baby fever I have $$ fever foh keep grinding on my own
And I thankyou you too Alia. I deeply appreciate your reflections & sharing with you. Honestly, I quite adore you
She does not represent me.
Where where where? in Austin.
love to see the dog pushing him
Yesterday was one of the most magical days ever. I'm happy.
Seek Christ, He is waiting for you!
My parents came to visit and brought my grandma.. I seen her in a year
Exactly! It is enough to drive someone to drink. That reminds me, I have not had my after Dinner Cosmo!
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
He would love it
please do stand as independent for Warringah and start ability to crowd fund donations
Create a Life that feels good on the inside. Floresita's Beach Resort
Very good
seesawlearning is life!
Just out here giving emoji writing feedback on my phone in between episodes
be on the lookout for that white jeep mf all week we with the shitssss , apologizing in advance
thank you !
Hey!! Hope you're doing well.
Really soon and on my bday
BEST. BIRTHDAY GIFT. EVER.
Omg a baby. I could be your momma. My son just turned 30. Now I know why you LOVE Harry Potter
going to sleep so good tonight
Thank you!
1) 2) No group projects together!
fl bouta give me another free zip now watch me flip that shit
us during the game:
us after seeing Krzyzaniak score her first CWHL goal:
from LA! And turn on the notifs
Good Morning, Ceremonial Ball of National Tournament Of The Club Champions.
Eagle Ridge
Face boutta look sooo healthyyyy again just wait
Lmaooooo imma for sure invite to my wedding when that time comes
This the type of positivity that I need in my life. Thank you lol
fall/winter is prime front bottoms time talon of the hawk on repeat am i right
I LOVE IT
In life, underboob and then everything else
Thanks for coming to see me I love you too
Get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off your order
Tampilan baru.
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
I'm so excited and I just can't hide it.
Hey love!!!! good!
Thi is happening my ot9 heart is crying finally the wait is over we will witness them again complete
Question: Where should I put my tattoo? It's going to be this: (it's for my mom)
A Pick Of What I Do To Keep My Legs Strong!
I Need A Parent!
nothing to a real one
More than enough
late too. We love overnighting at Cracker Barrel...because
Selamat harinya santri
Ok so son wanted me to switch the movie to movie
I got to feel baby Kru practicing his karate moves in his mommas belly. wait for that little stinker to get here!
Woodbadge Camp Fife
When your three-year-old looks up at the moon and says Maybe they watch too much film
Assistance? Ok you be my Mimi supporter please
Doing a closure sewin at practice
ai wnt faking yo
I love you loveeeee Have a nice dayyy
Hi there mutuals!
Please follow She sells official and unofficial kpop goodies and she also ships worldwide.
I'm learning to walk away from situations or people who threaten my peace of mind, self respect or self worth.
What a Great picture of you 2
Good welcomeee they are all nice there
It's much appreciated hope to see my name on a post from you someday
Had to match your fly
No problem
i love you ms. deng.
welcome Tom
I thought the same so I went down there a couple of weeks ago and they do it on
Big facts
Don't sweat it
I love how Alex always know who to make you feel better
feeling chatty!
Breakfast us .goodmorning !
OMG Shadow Named His Girl Maria Thats Awesome Love The Sketch Tho
If you promise to pretend i wasnt there eigther looking for some thing stronger in sweat pants and i louzy t shirt
Amin..
You made buzzfeed news, what?!?! We got early flu shots this year because of you.
Some of it was filmed in my hometown.
Thank you
These are so so pretty, as always!!! Seeing you post art always makes me happy
Thank you
Goodmorning spread happiness!
Sell them.
Yea, I'm finished
You are the love of my life
Everything will be fine
Gonz you know the power of prayer anything is possible through Him!!! Your wife knows what she likes
Hoped you had a good time
Thank you Glen, as usual you have great advice
I'm ill be playing Rocket League! come join the chat and show some support! follow follow
Bish, we're dooooneeeeee!! and Arvie
GoodMorning!
Good morning, Cagayan!
Mark, look how cute this is! !
Gotta let them know.
Honored to provide this gorgeous bambino with his very first cannoli
Awesome! have to check them out there thank you
tired of waiting for dipping my dinner in chocolate!
Get delicious vegetarian ingredients delivered straight to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh
You could always help me understand but noted
Hello still looks good soooo mine ? still waiting enjoy my friend
Sunday
Teh tarik really made my day
on my way to Subic, Zambales!! with
my dm is always open dear anyone can dm me any time
uyy nice hahaha Congrats Sir
Terrence please check your DM
time to get out of control
Ang cute nyong dalawa chinita
Jajaja no llores, ven vamos a cotorrear
Ya la vi !
Hello my beautiful friend,Good night
Oh really
Tuck u did not lose the game for us - Ravens win together and lose together
WELCOME SISSSSSSSS
It was "MY PRIVILEGE"
Spinach pies and a yogurt drink. That's my favorite shopping snack when I go to Baiz Market!
True! Walang singitan! Saya!
Goodmorning
Hahaha. You are a funny and sweet man. I appreciate your thoughts.
But I do have trouble
Mums always are listening! it's in their blood
I'm learning to walk away from situations or people who threaten my peace of mind, self respect or self worth.
Pleasure was mine Adam. Ill be keeping a close eyes to FFW and Future Shock from now on
This is me whenever I'm hungry! Lol... so relatable!
Thank you Rachael! So glad to see other mother's suggestions!
such a cute family
i think imma be single forever , but im honestly fine with that
Apoyando al con mi hija mayor
Beautiful fall foliage!
Happy you are enjoying your time away!
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
Missing a comma after at the beginning, sorry very tired going to bed. Goodnight
Breakfast po
I know you a doll
Thank you!!
Play me too by Kevin gates at the parties so I can cut tf up
When my tolerance is through
Thank you for the retweet doll.
Probably wise to keep them to yourself then
If she is not bothering you for every single fucking thing, you are blessed..
Hello all Wabash County, Indiana
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Done! Tnx for the help!
~~
Just lovely
Thanks for liking my tweet!
OKAY LANG AKO TATANGGAPIN KO
Charot lang. Okay lang. Hahaha. Nice to meet you!
Love following your adventures but glad you are back
The things you say about others, say a lot about you.
Goodmorning
1st wood burning project on recycled wood. "dont burn out our ocean" Protecting our animals and nature is super
Congratulations!
Thread of Damascene Sword and Shield
1. This one was performed in a traditional Damascene courtyard
Tomorrow my loves gonna film tonight so you babes will see a new video late tonight or early tomorrow
Hi ate nice meeting you see u again
Thank you!
wait
Ted is off to Cheshire this week expect a visitor
u started a beautiful trend we can do this often!!! it really increases people's confident and spread love
Gaps can help cure the Monday Blues
Watta beautiful morning! my tweet and my instagram post omg! i love you Bella with all my heart
I'm ready for sure
Thank you!
Feels great to be in Chicago. First thing I did: place an order for to pick up on my way to
Thank You
Congratulations
I usually stay awake for when Laura wakes up to wish her good morning but not today.
Thank You Steve
So I love it
altho he would be the cutest goalie by far...
RESHARE
BERCERITA: MEMBANTU PERILAKU POSITIF ANAK-ANAK
happy birthday brisa may god bless you with many more
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Oo nga eh. Nakakasepanx din. Same here, looking forward to more dyshen FFs!
That's great it must be nice to play in Paris
love you to play Germain son) in future series
That's me.
On au Disney Studio ce matin
Carter says thanks aunt dallas
Take care and ace the interview, milli
Thanks, I will do that. I did ask my students last year. I need their input this year.
wait babe.
Take care always WWHJin!!
Lovely figure helps.
Thanks for the support, dude! Just slowly getting over the fear of putting my thoughts out into the world
wait
ICLOUD REMOVAL CLEAN IMEI 99.99% (ONLY SOLD BY AT&T IPHONES 5 TO XS MAX) , ALL SUPPORTED
:(1-7 Max)
gala
Gracias en Hollywood
Happy Birthday Bro
Yep
The brewers winning was the only way my weekend been any better.
You look a bit like in these
Oh my Sana is wrecking me again sorry i still love u though
Good morning Facebookers.
Happy Monday. Have a fabulous week.
that has a beginning has an ending.
My own version of ginisang ampalaya with egg...
Super happy that it turned out delicious... Cebu City
we are all excited for this Joonie
Nope, our friendship ending. Just going through a rough patch. I love you until the end of time
Lily! Thank you!
Ja finde ich auch das hatist style aber hoe bleibt hoe
Are you faithful or loyal? Learn by experience anon
Classic Mac right?
Little did you know become one of your best friends
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Ramsey
Some joker looks from last year
keep it going Marco!!! wait til u past out
Thank you Jim . I appreciate it. I had a great birthday Hope you had a good weekend.
Awww I feel special! Sure can. If you go to Genius and type in my name all 3 songs come up
Oh, welcome new pet friend - I like your name; it makes me giggle.
Also.... forever a wallflower
Good morning, Monday. Woot! So glad I'm back with my team na.
While you're here, check my instagram if you want to. I make some drawings.
-->
Binance has the highest trading volume on any exchanges
Click here:
$NANO
Ce tem um Jeito doce
Always remind yourself to switch to a more positive outlook.
Sameeee and nail appointments every two weeks but we take turns treating every other appointment
i will always be a shipper but your lives your rules
gonna be a great year
You can DoorDash me some food to Houston, TX!
GoodMorning!
Bobby Ida bareng selebgram
Itu indracruz ya ?
Bless you and your family sis such a heartwarming story
Hahahaha nice to meet you, too!
dreamies with the unnies
Always positive
Good morning world.
u are toxic
i hope we meet again so i can throw your game
DMD please
We live in Charleston BUT I always have wedding or event make up down there so I travel down to visit and work
Thank you
Hope your having a good time Karissa!
One fine hour in a whole chaos
.
Got my first aid card today now I can start coaching
Good Morning Marco Good morning din
Seems like you could use some company from me
Ay! Tutoo po!
Gym tomorrow for sure
Welcome.
we're both princes we protect each other
this!!!!! is LOVE
everyone doing this evening
wya take my good sis to Disneyland osino take her
I almost didn't recognize you Alex. Look beautiful
Thanks ayieeee!
morning
Thank you for sharing, you are too kind. Hope you have a lovely week ahead.
Goodmorning Ya! Rise and Shine!!
Dapat happy lang. Smile! goodmorning
my luck? Having food poisoning the night before my hardest test of the semester
God's love is free and without conditions!
bili na kayo guys, for more info please contact
After I take this hair out I'm going get my hair cut again
It totally does!
Me bc I have 5 assignments due by Tuesday & sitting here on Hulu
true
oooh I need to check these out! thank you so much!
You're welcome.
ok. Thank-you for responding anyway, Freddie.
Celebrating India. Rocklin Quarry Park
That's just a front
Aww that's cute
Talking to my niece made my day
so great being lowkey
Ang cute mo ang cute din ng height mo Why thank you :):(
I only got two Shinies today, although I was on the road the whole time I'm glad I even got one
happy birthday hope day was full of positivity hope you are having the best day!!! i love ya
Hermoso
Rides Rides total $50 credit Credit/OFFER code MIGUELT Oregon
wml~
Dat tongue
Good morning
Goodnight you are my world. Please take good care of yourself and be happy.
Walk out from one of my squad battle reward packs
Me too!
Our finished Christmas tree!
Putting the tree this early is a Hispanic thing.
Honoring my culture here
So
Good morning
...Goes and watches birthday video again
Relax. God is in control!
You Will..
Thanks, Queen
Thanks anna
Here it is i could do it without worrying bcuz my project group doesn't answer me anyway
Just got done talking to my dad and a WRECK.
Aaaah. A esperar entonces. Gracias
Goes without saying.
Have a nice day
Awww very cute
Just send to me for my birthday
I wrote so many words today, I almost wrote off all my debt! Today's total: 3,738 for the day.
With 19,162 for
My Venmo is morgandevine
Jamie, my brother! How have you been!? We have to catch up. Your service group looks joyful
De agorinha
Good Evening
Thanks bro
Thank you
Can't wait to record this band
Desi Martin Kobler ....come to NY fr a break
Saturday karaoke with co-workers
Sunday karaoke with relatives
What are your favorite dramas so far?
I would be so mad if I had friends like that!
Counting down the days Elias!!!
Done with this workout
forgot to tell yall i got my braces off a couple weeks ago & never been so happy
this that big dick energy i love seeing on my tl
Hi cutie Busy? Hope you get to eat and rest well
That's really cool. The patterns remind me of our Indigenous art here.
I am so excited! actually been listening to RM a lot in prep for
Catch up now if you can
welcome.. I wish you nothing but the best with your mental health journey & that you find what you are looking for
Morning kaq be a good boy/girl today aight? Be a brat all you want on bed but be a good boy/girl when you om
6 lbs 9 oz 19 inches long
Nah, marriages are always full of fights and boredom and responsibilities.
We're the fun, secret mistress
Current $QTUM price: $4.20
We verified that Binance is accepting new users!
Be strong, Clarence. Be strong for mother.
Elisa or E yours?
She definitely is! I would run so fast!
Thank you
If you like the office you just lame
Guys twitter no need to b fake all the damn time
Oo haha dalhan kita ng chocolate at ice cream i gotchu bby
Happy Sunday Family Day
Username laurahelenwalsh
Feliz noche de domingo
please fix theatre mode on console just trying to be great like the next person k ty
finna be K N O C K E D
meet Taylor one day
Share, & hope the others share with you
wait
hi queen.
I don't even go here (anymore) but most of y'all do. So go vote for my fave
Trenta iced PSL with no whipped cream and light ice and a sleeve to go with it
I love me some
Keep keeping them honest Jim!
Followed all & Retweeted!
Patriots please FB!
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off
Thank you Jeff
Sealife mural for a fish and chip shop in Busselton. This was a fun piece to paint!
stop smiling
invite me to a party until Thanksgiving weekend.
Dreams do really come true I'm so happy for you, I love you Taehyung
Love this tweet!
Kaya mo yan babe. Intrams is 3 days, acceptance is just a day or maybe half day. We can do it TOGETHER with dsc
What credit card do you use? I want to build my credit earn points for trips and earn money back!
YAll thought my bridal shower was lit ....... my wedding was litty The baby of the family everybody made
Well I'm going to vote for DeSantis and I live in Florida
Check ko po yan. Thanks.
Good morning 9am here in the Philippines I love watching your vlogs. Love youuu guys
That is awesome ... I love Philly and I have been there many times!!
Being back out on the field today brought so much joy into my life
Thank you
I followed back too!
Thankyou
just fine, thank you. I did manage to fit in my weekend workouts
wait
Everything has flaws... most important, is we investigate and improve on it!
and be like
Ready for tomorrow!
Yeah, Vera!
On and off the pitch, she's proving that the
Another time my friend
Life perfect, but your hair can be. Download & use code MARABEE for $20 off! Hollywood
Binance has the highest trading volume on any exchanges
Click here:
$NANO
Good morning.
So glad you had a good day, Brian. I hope tomorrow is a good one too.
Locked myself out the house again lmfaooo go me
Omg they got you so good jev
when's the stream coming? Lol Sunday night gotta end strong haha
Keep it up. Good try.
Good morning stay blessed mukha hectic ang magiging November mo focus at sana magkaroon ka pa ng good health
...
You are welcome
And Thank you Ultra Friend
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
invite me to a party until Thanksgiving weekend.
Ethereum $ETH price: $216.66
We checked! Binance registration is currently open
No. I mean that one.
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Last day. Off early today to squeeze in some more touristing.
Check out the coral sculptures just right
Ok had to comment ... looks like this ... what I will be breaking out on the night of the 6th ...
Also LiVE on YouTube!
[listen]
If you like what you hear, subscribe
Call in 504-475-8414
Hello friends christine, ele tchr from Massachusetts...
Another day, another bird. Today it's the Painted Redstart for
.
.
At least it is something.
I eat too many Panda Express rangoons .I think I qualify as well
1. The Sound of Music
2. Tom Hanks
3. Belle
4. diem. Seize the day, boys. Make your lives
Oh man this is what like to be genuinely happy.
Add me up on PS4 if you want! MareeCena
Apparently the trophies are really easy to platinum, as well.
We're both 19 loveyouuu baby I hope that my cousins, your friends, your family and I made you
Let Go is Japanese song they wouldn't add anywhere if not Japan
hello dabarkads, watch niyo po si moses later may opening number po siya
I guess a kid but also a great ass mother
It is easy to be very, very good when ethics and truth is on your side.
Out with daddy today
& for more Videos!
You're welcome. U are a part of my every day
I agree
t@ng!n@ niyo
WOULD BE GREAT TO BE A MALE RN SO I COULD GO ON A WALK IN MY NEIGHBORHOOD AT THIS HOUR AND NOT BE AFRAID ~*just girly things*~
ahhh i need to be getting rubbed on
Noooooo!!!! Congrats btw . . . nooooooooooo!!!!
2am, but you can bet your ass starting Chamber of Secrets
Good morning
Just a friendly reminder APPLE is the best
Good morning pipoolll. Rise and shine !
Don't forget to start your day with smile
I'm glad you're doing so well Marcus.
Hahaha! Want mo rin ba? Send ka ng fave picture mo, sketch kita
Gracias amigo for your kind words
I did that... And the best decision of my life
Dat tongue
I know that your all alone. Thinking bout what you gone do. I hope that you see it through ooo oooooo
Ethereum $ETH price: $216.66
We checked! Binance registration is currently open
Check out on Instagram and please follow
Good Morning
Uma mocinha
Good Morning
Nice to meet you po kahapon!!
The Poldarks are happy and Dwight and Caroline have a child of their own!
her/she & hi thank you gorgeous lets be friends
Hello folks. Christine, tchr from nation
Lil trip to SC coming up & I wait
This girl rates me
Watch this please then smile
I'd buy that
Exactly when do we get the cooler temps I complain about today though
Cuddle weather music dropping
I hope my little baby likes it
My laugh for Sunday evening! This is great.
Thread on how I went from a 00 to a 3 in jeans
ding and ate perlie house southridge tagaytay
Never watched a single episode of , but today will definitely watch, only bcoz of Happy that
Happy birthday
Kehlani lol. but been listening to Billie Eilish lately
Exactly! Either that or mutiny in the ranks
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
Mestila ada
Ok.
Think like a proton, always positive
-SPVMBUTUANTOUR Butuan City
No, todo con amor.
Pleasure is mine
This is a whole "PARK SOO YOUNG!! WHEN YOU SMILE!! I'M HAPPY TOO!!" energy
I would love to help!! always up for giving ideas
Primo Artists Instagram
Seong-jin Cho
Thank you so relaxing ! Lol
The whole back of the apartment smells like blueberries now and that's a good thing. One good thing.
his closing argument!!
I lost 11 pounds and I wanna stay this weight forever
Your photos wallpaper-able
my dms are unlocked for a reason
complaining but my tech is fine so what really matters
Its a pleasure. God bless you too!
The number of people who made comments about my Clemson attire today at the NC State Fair
It was all in good fun though
Lmao no kidding! But it will go by quick.
My husband is a wonderful progressive man and we love each other very much but thank you for your concern
Hospital bag is packed and retago!
C Lula we iz watchin too
no Free Fire
Thank you Deanna
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
Thanks same to you
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness
Together we can end the tyranny of bras! (51 Photos)
I felt like you should read this
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
So stoked!
Thank you for following me. Much appreciated
You're welcome
Never really imagined that I wouldn't feel the same way anymore
Ethereum $ETH price: $216.66
We checked! Binance registration is currently open
Lolaa sarssss where art thou?
Sdv gente
That's so awesome. Totally something I'd do with my own children.
Beach!
so exited
I wait for it
Neither. DM you my costume.
Thanks sweetie Rest well Love you Bye
so happy with this play! Part 2 will be up tomorrow
My gala body. Thank you cousin sa always na pagsama
Get well soon! You'll be okay. Fighting!
Monday means wondeukie day, that alone makes me happy
so am i, you are such a funny, beautiful soul ps bio inspired by jojo song edibles LISTEN TO IT. ksdhdjdj
Thank you for coming!
happy birthday enjoy your day, God bless you
day 2 yesterday my happiness in four pictures~
Naw, i would come up if you run up tho
Aw the book flipped pages on its own just like the original I love it
ACCEPT ME, REJECT ME, or JUDGE ME. I'm still ME. Because I'm bourn to be TRUE Not to be PERFECT good morning
Thanku po sir
Lite Breakfast. Happy Monday and Happy Working!
thank for the ONE like. Often, my favorite posts fall on deaf ears. Lol! Glad to know you get me!
Keyla has us going crazy (30 Photos)
Ya se...
Actual picture nung item. DM me po. Di po kita ma DM. Thanks
Aww thanks Jennifer!
Hey ... gonna see it? I am!
I am in for this ride!
thats his racial diversity quota for the day respect
Thank you Rosalyn!
Did you eat ? If not make sure you get some food , drink some water and take some medicine for your headache
why is he soooo funny and flirty on Day 2 T___T ps I just want to pull down his shirt zipper
Oh my gosh. Maybe its just an inbtwn gig to keep her busy while Harry has a break
I wait to be a football mom
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
Congratulations on your 2nd Anniversary thank you for the GA
with is the bomb!
Then settled! We die. Either of us!
A1: Middle school
WHAT A DAY!!
My team win
I got a q-tip stuck in my ear MedCare Visit
I stick my hand in a drawer &
Muchas gracias
Ethereum $ETH price: $216.66
We checked! Binance registration is currently open
Meet Version . Thank you for this!
assalam u alaikum tabish bro.. i am coming to karachi.... is it possible to have a nice meeting with you..
It's just as good as sleeping after a productive day of work.
Halloween is just around the corner thru out the years BTS been giving us this Halloween treat .
Looking
never heard of it- have to check it out
Still working on this piece
Why thank you.
I HAVE been working out.
I get the vibe either! So messed up!
except we will not live that close to our neighbors
Ethereum $ETH price: $204.16
QUICK! Sign up before Binance closes registration!
I don't think I've felt this way in a long time
Lingerie that will stare straight through your soul (50 Photos)
Monday morning is so kind to me because of your voice.
Me: going to go to bed early and get a good night sleep
Netflix: actually, part 2
me with my prize-winning pumpkin oh and my sister with her pumpkin
A very smart business man.
Tweeting about you makes me happy
If a mf got beef with my girl you got beef with me too sorry not sorry
already know what my first tat will be
Thanks Cassie surprised you managed to find a copy of the paper because we immediately went out
you did this to yourself
Bucketlist ko yan eh. Breakout then movie marathon after. Hehe.
Your welcome
Haha best gif ever!
Very good morning to you too
Ohggg! Thankyou bes! Hehe
Include niyo name ni Kisses sa dulo or Donkiss
Kisses Delavin
Luke and kk short played out of their minds today all I ask for is for our elite players to play like it
Tae, I'm so happy your dreams could come true! Your outfit is too! Such a cutie.
Your name is Slim_barbie. You also fall under the category of the girls you are slandering
Bout to have a nice lil nap before work
Loads of smiles
Good Morning
And... I hope that means your voting Democrat now
Mellie75. Almost forgot to RT
Did so much today. I'm going to bed. Have a lot more to do tomorrow. Goodnight. Maybe we will film that video tomorrow.
Thanks man gonna be fun to see how it all goes
Rise above my dear
Of course Nia
'my brother group' LOUDER MY DEAR. WINKON is still winning...
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
First day back from maternity leave. Meet and Greet with my parents before school. Pajama day. What a wonderful Monday it will be!!
Me
I just watched this video, I like it! And cheers to is going to help me in my 24h job!
I gotta go get my baby a different cup
Beautiful Morning Every One
yethunalum
No land line, no robo calls. say I feel missing anything.
also painting my wall like teal so going to be super pretty
Susan is Incredible
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
If you keep bringing it on my tl, maybe but good for now
Excited
Yes. We'll do it! Jair Bolsonaro President!
Love you too
Are you financial grown up ? My guest on episode is Check the link in bio.
We talk all
Looks so pretty in Bengali avtar
you pretend very well very innocent looking
HBD Emily , hope had a great day!!
Keep going my wonderful President
At my first ever political event at age 54.
LOVE YAAAA AND MISS YOU SM BEST FRIEND Thank you so much for the birthday wishes
At the rally in SL - my first ever. At age 54!
OMG! so good!
wait for it
Me thinks gonna win. Also: you have a bright political future, period.
we got that halloween style going I had a lot of fun!! I hope you did too!!
Why does your envy sound like criticism?
This 2 job shit kinda easy but my feet saying other wise
hi I'm Ciara, 14 soon to be 15 and live in Missouri and I need friends!
Breathe. You're going to be okay
To the old country.
why not try it, you will not lose anything. Thank you forma opportunity
Why, yes I am! Hello Rachel, my dear friend.
my name can stay out of any conversations that pertained to the last 6 months
preciate it
Me: going to go to bed early and get a good night sleep
Netflix: actually, Making A Murderer Part 2
The kids brushing her teeth baby. Then...#wifey
GOOD MORNING
-
Some books are better left on the shelf
Hola hermosito
you melt my heart
welcome
Sambil me-Netflix sambil makan?
I tried too.. hopefully it will work later
It feels so good
Music is food for the soul
loving this sequence about your son...please keep sending!
It was so much fun glad you were there
()
()
()
ems anong oras daw labas ng results? Earliest daw 7pm tonight.
Hope everyone had a restful Sunday I had a pretty good day. More shiny Beldoms then I thought get.
I won
Soon I get to Belle Glade buying me three fresh chocolate chip cookies
Enjoying the afternoon with my London rocking line
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
Great! Been painting my fence for money today.
got one you can have for free, just DM and send it to you
Glad you both happy
Only a few weeks!!
welcome
Erika Gimpel! She played Coco in the tv series.
Good morning
This week's by
Hot sausage from roasted Hatch chiles
Fun fact: my favorite feature of myself is my eyes. lol obsessed with them. And they look like smooth honey when the sun hits them.
I know how to cozy
Also i did this one today
The universe
Yo
2007
Ive learned to let go and let god im not a pro at it yet but so far so good
R&R time
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Ay thank you!!!
Ty. I will tell her. She pointed out to me that can see the eyelashes of the other eye, but not the
Lol ready
Almost 9yrs of friendship
Wonderful!
forget your kid
If I find what I want in your chest, i will
goodmorning
big headed cry baby
thank you
From 16.8 to 17.5 real quick
Life is always roky when you are a gem.
Morning, rock your Monday
Aquamarine from northern
rica noche.. Papa John's Buin
Love you too friend.
And a star is born?
I have mars in Libra in the 8th house
Follow together, let it BE
De Corea
Gracias
I know I'm crazy about her.
Trying to finish my book so I can lend it her. Bruce Dickinson of
Happy birthday
Remain, always smart,
Take the day of and revolt,
As this day only comes,
Twelve months apart.
Had fun roaming catching surrounded by SO MANY Pokemon fans!
Already voted early
ah thank u & ur welcome luv ur art
Such red flags! These people never learn!
Sometimes I get excited and speak before I think
So many times I on crimewatch
If you need to talk here! I must relate to you a little being another you and all I want you sad
Congratulations .. Hasta los .
Last DST is off....56 days after my 1st DST was harvested Makes me appreciate even more the
Unless he's gonna keep throwing to Hunt
wait for next year
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Trello trophy which we received at Atlassian Summit 2018 has finally delivered to our Tokyo office!
I love doing my facial cleansing make me feel like light skinned
Binance has the highest trading volume on any exchanges
Click here:
$NANO
Yes, just remember he said that makes me so happy already
Because Spam~
aaah thx so much!!
Its good to be back in this account..
Had a coo lil date day wit babe
have a good time would be there
Fgot my Starbucks for free today, found $20 on the floor at my job and my manager bought me food.
This weekend was definitely much needed
So blesssed today to have this girl in my life!!! Come home from a bad day at work to 1) Her, 2) Hot chocolate and 3) scary movies
Knew I trippin
where is that video from?
can our date be froshies? Hey there!! Witty but the prom is only for Senior highschool ID 118 students only
wether the road's rough or smooth.. there will be enjoyment, ride will sometimes be hassle, but learnings are always there.
im very glad you're still with us kat I hugs I
I was going to ask for your permission. Thanks sister
please follow back...thanks
Oh yeah... family haul from the pumpkin patch yesterday.
24 pounds !
Great group! Willing to meet you all tomorrow/today
Lol hey babe I know you had Twitter welcome
Well thank you
Ahhh.. Jimin is so cute I love you
The highest paid showrunner on TV is female!
Pho Q and bun rieu ft
-
With & over 1500 other Merchants! You will now be able to earn cashback everytime you
If y'all interested to friend me on Pokemon Go, here's my code!
I have not yet found that to be the case. But I also work with teens cause I think amazing.
Thanks for the bond last night iloveyou guys
I would be honored to send her a patch
Spending money then making it right back
Thank you my friend so much
Digibyte $DGB is valued at: $0.023543
Binance registration is now OPEN for limited time!
She was already much better when she came out the ER. She was super excited because she got
okay girls im officially like...full stanning fromis...
My mood just went from to
wait
I took so many screenshots of this movie as well!
Happy freaking 18th birthday!! Welcome to adulthood! Hope you had a great day! go buy you some lotto
where is that pic from?
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Aweh, you're such a doll Kayl I love you
Yun oh! Thanks
now he can go wherever he wants
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Peeeeerfectoo
gonna make a nice trad wife someday
Enjoy and The Best of Luck to you
Thank you so much my friend
Way to go.... an old political gimmick. In actuality, it says, I cannot win, the world will
play with me
Because you are alive, everything is possible. - Thich Nhat Hanh
Good Morning! Have a nice week ahead!
sunday afternoon consisting of sweet jams, nothing better
Yes we are, and thank you so very much for your support!
Next weekend, apa kata ke KFC cuba Zinger Waffle Burger?
Congrat's ADN U All!
so happy you made it, Jess
Remember that time we hopped in the car, drove four hours to philly to see well that was a year
Such talented food artists ..
always talking hot shit... someone hit a lick
Dm
Your very welcome
I agree! I wish it had more episodes! wait for the next season
Room Toasty
Good morning
Idk man every time 127 use this emoji i just know that its johnny
my very first video on this channel was a TYDN on got7's magnetic dance practice; here's a re-edit.
i hit 100k
Products that we did for Brand Innovation Summit. A personalized sticker and a mood board.
Lemme hold a dollar
The Trello trophy which we received at Atlassian Summit 2018 has finally delivered to our Tokyo office!
Yasss!! Can't wait to see y'all
Appreciate the continued great service.
Morning
Hi Nick! This is your mother. heard from you in a while! new?
Happy happy birthday to our anna's little princess May God Bless you dear u
Let me know if you would like a link to the surprise songs!
goodmorning!
Welcome
That's rare. And it made me smile.
Hmmm they aren't squids hehe but yesss comb jellies does pretty pretty light shows
Ohhh of course
Jwu. Good morning fellas.
I sent application
good! If I already have plans I would! taking my cousins to Harry Potter fest
Right.
I'll tweet my order of favourites once the poll is done
A negative mind will never give you a positive life
yes , i know gaining weight.
no, i have not been to the gym
perfectly fine with my wife who needs convincing
I may have had a bad day at work, but still smiling because of this waterfall.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
me done with runescape, just sold my bank, and gave away 950mil
Lorelei is my middle name and I'm also from Chicago! Following you now
Finally decided on a new major! so excited
You welcome as always adog, you deserve it!
i'll pay
Yo! Happy birthday leader Squail we are so proud of you for prioritizing iKONs comeback instead of your solo
Gracias
It's okay. Kinda my fault, should have texted you about it way earlier. Hope next time will work out!
Awwww I always give Hugo the almost empty peanut butter jar, too! Keeps him happy for a good half hour
Me gusta ver aunque sea a algunas changuitxs que no nos abandonan.. las Chogiquiero
comfortably crossed $2.1Million in USA.
a side they ever want to see..but yes, the kindest
Come visit ! She wants some hugs!
where is that from?
Thank you girl
Avoid spreading hate bruh, it will never satisfy and make you happy
One of these days
Welcome
I did go to National Museum of Korea !
Just got the right text to end the night
Fully agree Love the discovery of new and interesting bands
Its okay :) there will always be a next time and alrrady faved and rt the new giveaway
Aww thanks hun, you, take care of yourself
Love you too Carly
Terrific Elyse, we're fortunate
w/ the kid
We missed the 7:30 movie so now we
waiting on the 9:00 moive to start
Thank you
got this
thank you!!
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
making macaroons
I always over think, but I do things that make me happy.
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
Nah never ! Just wait till next game
Thank you everyone for the amazing stream I hit 40 followers, so tickled pink right now
Thank you Tony & Karol for the kind words Craigieburn, Victoria, Australia
The magazine is Php238
I would say my mom = your mom
Come back.
Studies show that pretending not to miss someone actually causes your mind to miss them even more.
Goodmorning my lalabs thank u G
we just have to focus on ourselves and keep on keeping on. I too think your art is great!! keep it up
it was real cool to meet you! Thanks for hanging out!
You're welcome
Buena week para ambos
Beautiful photo
Lol no worries man sure gt with ease
and to others I fail to mention.
Laundry day and baby is kicking away. She's one active little pumpkin.
Not being at work on a Monday is one of the best feelings in the world
Sure....I can answer that one for ya
currently has the highest rated most
Yup , very soon.
Cheers to me for 100 followers now $end $1/$10/$100 in honor of perfection aka ME
cooking for one & thats meeee!
My husband is Aaron Donald so I ended up winning today
Thank You So Much
what u get for tryna cheat on me lil bitch
I am not typically a hugger but I am very excited to hug all of these women.
Sorry for being such a mistake to you but i promise my love is Unconditional iloveyou Gikapoy natang duha
Awesome do I open up for you guy's come the new year !
expecting you to take me to winter wonderland when I come to yours proper excited
very welcome
goodmorning
They do that.
the best camera girl ever
We got savage controlled
a beast
Oh man, no worries! It was pretty, pretty, prettyyy good meeting you too
Life is so much better when laughing.
Natalie Decker will get your engine revving (28 Photos)
It's okay~
Working out feels great! Love it
Good morning.
Good morning, fam! Have a nice day ahead. Keep going!
Yup. Makes sense. People would accept a horror movie for a "Holiday" first. Then try to get creative with it.
i'm fine now
Stop getting your sister to on
taking my babies to a haunted house this weekend. tradition
classes up any place she is
Yes please
Selamat hari santri Nasional
hi! nice to meet you!
Aww thank you
Good Morning stretch with Hannah Ray (51 Photos)
This is pure 'reality' with a dash of 'wake the hell up'
Mine, thanks
Tq phee
Had to! know how i missed doing
Finally getting some gumbo
I love you... but I want you to be happy with the right person. You deserve it.
Yeah everytime she smiles l smile
Thank You
No, the shirts I liked were a bit pricey. The program is beautiful. I might get one in Chicago
Stick with what works well
Great job, it looks awesome
FAB FINDS X Masamsamit Chocolate Store. Our location!
Manjare
Finally replacing some gym lights
Hals, I forgot. I'll look lang sa bahay later
Que lindo
ficou
Aceita encomendas
I be on that allll day long
Always smile ..
this is so good
karlisromero: Reblog if you want to have your way with me
All bow to the Queen Hoping to see you at the 2019 AVN .
Thanks! Haha you too! Tapusin na natin
I mean, why "Friday the 13th," right? And a woman killer lets the movie differentiate itself from what came before in Halloween.
Yesssir wait to see this colab.
Surprise !!!
wow they invited him and not me WOW i guess how it is now
It's for 238pesos only
Kamara such a fantasy football blessing! Thank you
Don't call them 'cute,' they are so much more (86 Photos)
Thank you!
Goodluck to our baby girl, in tugsayawit.
have a safe flight ate jops
Diaby mousso c'est bien dit hein
Guys the only ones sliding into DMs but I do it spontaneously and not often
Not now, but soon
goodmorning
Soo Beautiful To ME
Future Babymoms Let Me Tell It
Hahah
I added acorns to decorate her area to make it look cozy. It smells like warm cinnamon perfect for fall my
of course, i know, Cheddar, in fact i would caress your tail more than tingling your pink jelly beans
One day... hopefully
Agree 100%
Obrigada belzinha
watching Happy Sunday!!
Thank you so much Mandy!!
Thanks anna
been great so far. It is just before their practicum too. Great time to invite more calm into their lives.
Such a long day lol, feels good to be off.
Happy Birthday!
Awesome!! Yes I did too
Safe flight na ka.
Nahhh, almond milk is way better
Idol Producer season 2 preview
thank you I should be over it soon. Just not thinking well enough to teewt much (teewt hahaha!)
I mean, why "Friday the 13th," right? And a killer who's a woman lets the movie differentiate itself from what came before in Halloween.
I love this I've voted heaps
I love it!
Glad to see you are hanging out in bookstores!
What if a refugee 'never to come to Australia' became leader of one of our allies?
Just a thought
Follow my music twitter page & my music FB page
Thank you for always playing a BBC America program ad before resuming so I know when to unmute the livestream!
Looks amazing!!! but I want Barcelona or Valencia
thank you, though!
High key loving this filter & myself
Love you too
Sunday practicing exotic dance moves on my pole, no crazy stuff what up...
Aww perfect.
Ctto
I'm glad you're feeling better. Things are going to get so much better for you I just know it
really good for being a garbage , but still I love myself.
bet bet bet. they're so relaxing
Got it the first time
Sounds good, hopefully so JA!
Sweet dreams for later
Eat em all than breast feed.
I'm waiting
in love love
Binance has the highest trading volume on any exchanges
Click here:
$NANO
Forget about work, focus on sideboob (37 Photos)
:))) thanks regan
Congrats!
I got such a cute shirt today
Domingo chato!
Wonderful night
Have a good night
Dear Coca.
Thank you.
Good luck
I got this mommy stuff down packed
Thank you
What's up,
Birthday day recap and thank you so much for the cake . It taste exactly like snickers cake
Ambient Mixer is my go to app
Whatever it is good vibes sent your way
I'm full of them!
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
..you are busy, but happy busy
You are so welcome! Love what doing.
On top!! Hi, i miss you.
Awww thanks
Yeah i got a little rat fetus growing inside me
Thank you bebong
If you want to
happy birthday, Andrei!
aw man thanks a bunch!! this means a lot
I miss you as Emma on OUAT. Hope to meet you someday. such an amazing actress and a beautiful woman.
Binance has the highest trading volume on any exchanges
Click here:
$NANO
Still hoping DJ decides to sing another Billy Joel song
I needa get me some more jeans and long sleeve shirts
We came bacc from 2 losses yesterday to 3 wins today & took the championship my boy got a grand slam & pitched 7 innings proud mom
Fits perfectly
I found mine on twitter
Congrats Brent! I see you all week. I guess I was playing too early.
hey can you suggest me username for chaeyeon? thank you!
Heyyy
Apa ini ga cukup memberi semangat?
I know late BUT my day was officially made
Been saying that since the get-go.
I hope lines the southern border with the military shoulder to shoulder.
You guys know what to do
Nephew loves soongebob
Good Morning
Our birthday boy is trending in the Philippines at
HAPPY BIRTHDAY B.I
hello! do this and post when done! :D please look forward to it~
Cleveland Browns taking L's love it
Cool happy early birthday lol
This is so cute, best friends
thankoo
Thank you so much.
very welcome!
ready. Bring me ALL the smoke
those ads were so cute
Can someone buy me all three phases of the mcu movies? Thanks
Thank you
My companion while watching korean novela.. Quezon City, Philippines
Yes
Just something bout you that's got me hooked.
Te estoy queriendo mucho
Just woke up from a 10 hours much needed sleep. Thank you Lord. Happy Restday!
A real brother that loves nature.
Phone on DND for the rest of the night
Oh I might!! Just gotta lemme take a look
Yes she did. They all did.
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness
EPISODE GOD, I HAVE SIN AGAIN. Lol, WHY THE DEVIL MAKE DO I'M JUST SAYING
Muy buen anime, tiene una gran calidad. Very good, good cuality and history. Ulysses: Jeanne Darc to Renkin no Kishi
be sad, I was just confused nobody ever tells me that randomly
EPISODE GOD, I HAVE SIN AGAIN. Lol, WHY THE DEVIL MAKE DO I'M JUST SAYING
this makes my heart so happy. My grandpa so would have done this with me.
Happy Birthday wish you all the best bes Godbless sa acads mo loveyouuuu
Yes lmk the address! i work at a poki place too! You should come by in Downey
Another day to be happy! thank you Lord for everything. Thank you for providing everything that we need, thank you for the gift of Life
Thanks Kitty
I didn't realize you'd found a new gig yet, I'm super happy for you
Para sa mga malakas mag-hair fall and weak ang nails, take Biotin 500mcg, daily. welcome.
"My real girlfriend" is pretty good. And you already have it.
Love it!!
a good
a good
wait
Kris was trying so hard not to sing along. We know Kris, you don't have to say it out loud.
Be a girl with your own class. So maybe your class is kahwin awal je tu jelah class you
Wait, so back up??
Ok thank you!
Okay done for today
This is a rock star.
so funny!!! Yes, I was at California Adventure
love to on the train KAG
Thalaivar
Happy Monday
Nanba's & Nanbi's
Have a Superb day..!
keep Smile
just looking for ways to stop producing so many sweat stains
recently just started few weeks ago
No se que hice para merecer esto.
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness
Defintely what a sweet looking pup! She even looks a little like Piper
Salmon Was So Good All Them Cooking Classes Worked
Thank you
Hi KNs I'm selling my KathNiel's album and mags. Presyong divisoria pm me lang po. Thanks
Thanks for being here
hey please be sure to keep sharing this link, already raised so much money thanks a bunch for
Intervention From Above
good to keep busy
so many of your poems just make me smile
from "Your music is our AIR" to "You are our AIR"
Our sweet leader
Sometimes an awesome girlfriend
Can someone get me a PSL from starbucks?? I would love you forever! Please and thank you
Thank you Janie
You should give me an extra life
Was v comfy in this shirt
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
Kim siblings attending each other's concert
Learning about how to be a manager in class.
been looking at me all day.
Aw thanks Arron
Thank you for doing all of these.
Have some much to be thankful for I am so blessed
Miss my lil baby
we love an asian legend, scarlett Johansson
Thank you had another change in dosage of my new drug! only been two
Where I go when I need some me time.
Awesomes!!
To prepare for your Aussie adventure, you should google
Salamattt
Thank you
Thank you! But can you please delete this tweet?
Sad truth
putting my Christmas tree up Nov 1st and not taking it down until after Jan 1st.
me!
Indeed, quitters never win! Thank you for this inspiring career advice, Lorraine!
been looking at me all day.
Me too. I made it through the chapter so I know you can too.
been listening to George Strait the whole way home from Wimberley and not even mad
Send my love to your new lover, treat her better
You deserve everything! And then some
Been done actually the only one I follow
And totally do it again next weekend if he could
She is a cute baby.
Hi.. sorry nakatulog ako..
Later..
Kisses Delavin
Donny Pangilinan
Wow I know!
something you know too, you can actually mind your business their body, their
haha We all are. Glad that someone finally gave us a chance to read this fic
You got it
Acho bom tu ir comer ta bom migs
SanayGuro participants Thank u po for the opportunities
University of
sea!!! Va fuerte abrazo
good morning sunshine!
having a morning bliss with this kiddo
Delissa, ground floor. come over tomorrow. Lol who this
One door closes, another one opens.
Ima be comfortable in my soccer shorts and tank top
oh yea this my face btw
How is that my fault and mute the conversation it helps
Hey for the last time you should here this song I was your
Have a nice life
You are the best
welcome
can someone send me the link to the whole video, please?
Baby Blue It Is
Planning this LA trip for July , Miami For Spring Break
Good points! Thank you for the heads up
I discovered and we are now on episode 3
Really pissed off but cool
thank you
Good luck on your exams! gonna do well~
is love to see dead space since I own it and Soma is a great game actually the first horror game I beat
Ok well just switch plates tomorrow then , I got u
Happy birthday
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Hi self, kaya mo yan. (Tap at the back)
You always need a me time, a time to rest your head from everyone's
Because the people from high school I love are still in my life, the rest matter
These posts always make me happy
I swear
My type of weather
A4~
~ struggles and challenges are seen as shared & opportunity to grow & learn singularly & as a team
Hiya I'm trying Nothing big to repawt yet, I is waiting for da pawfect opportunity to cause da
I am loving it...
Tell us more - team bahay
Feelin Fall
Never considered wearing a white boot before.
Boot inspiration: hope I made you
Or i pick and you go get it while i shower
Omg your so lucky I love that guy have fun hope you get a few videos
What hurts you today, makes you stronger tomorrow
Hi boo
Hmmm la salade de poulpe
---
We have fresh cuttlefish in the fridge...
I will make a salad tomorrow
Better late than never buddy! You're here now and that's all that matters!
can someone send me a link to the whole video, please?
Thank you for all the recommendations! It's official! I signed up for guitar lessons at Thank
Nadaanan ko lang
Y'all be giving me good reasons to push y'all mf heads thru the wall but I choose to walk away instead
I WILL NEVER FAIL AS A MOTHER THATS A PROMISE
Thank you Yvonne
You know it
Cut Throat x Kodak Black
Love you mal thank you
Hello counsellor con y
Para Colombia tambien es 9:10
Every person is worth it na higugmaon
Wow
I could understand more about you from this report
wait
Welcome back great day to be back in Melbourne
Take Care VG
Hi twitter i miss youuu
NEW ITEM
Statement Twisted Top
Fabric: Cotton
freesize: up to xl
(pls provide 2nd option)
Thanks for coming to my
listen to "somebody's out there and if i'm gonna fall in love" bt a rocket to the moon.. SKL
Can't be any happier than this!
How awesome are these teens !! They should be so proud of themselves. They certainly inspire me
have a bag waiting
Good Morning Daddeh shark kiss mo kami kay Mammeh ah Blessed Monday !
-from baby shark
Thank you Becca
Halloow papua
Come shop with me 24/7 7 days a week
$5 plus tax and shipping
Paparazzi
Yoon does these sweet things and ICs all over tge world are in awe. Our cute and sweet, Kang leader. uwu
I can bring some tomorrow
Out and about at Newcastle!
So true ! Great pic
Finally getting some tweets in on the Mural downtown
Update: The party was a blast and she had lots of fun
Wow. Looks like Christmas to me
he said
when i get married , i want jimmie to give me away
Amin makasih banyak abang satya
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Are you guys doing a full galaxy design for XS Max? Really want your previous design for the 7 and 8 for the XS!
Adding to my library now
happiness
Anyone don't try to destroy our family
Thanks Jena
& IS
Thanks! watching it now.
Love his bare face.
Any time
Thank you!
anyone else wanna order album ??
only. DM before 3PM today
It finally feels like Fall around here. I kind of like it going to take Charli for a short walk then head
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
I will
good morning sunshine!
having a morning bliss with this kiddo
/You're always welcome, sweetness.
Sorry I'm bouncing accounts
Thank you
ITNA BARA MAZAQ
Thanks Cindy! I need all the luck I can get!
I'm so excited to have this quick guide out there! Thanks for the support
good morning
whats your support name for the vbucks? i want to help you big fan
Tis ok me friend, I has a pawfect imagination I will imagine me dinner in da morning is a bowl
Thank you
Looks fantastic!!! love to be swimming Enjoy
birthday right around the corner
Thank you!
Thx!
add a song everyday
Happy and contented charot
If anyone has the link to watch the debate, let me know.
Hey! Bastian needs to see this!
Thanks for the upgrade!
Beautiful
Kevin I consider you one of my BFFs. So thank you, makes me so happy
I added a video to a playlist Rap Mejor Amigo
I'm well, just figured I'd ask
Good Morning
If anyone has the link to watch the debate, let me know.
Hey, guys .. I've been sleeping until now, but I'm still tired, so I think I'm gonna take this night off.
I
Going live w friends for no reason
Aww thank you so much ily too and I hope you have a good day too
Yes exactly Stress reliever
Thank you and to you as well
Thank you talagaa, you're a big help!
Happy birthday Mandy OKAMI Japanese Restaurant - Wantirna
Safe journey
Mainit init na stuff toy
Goodness, thank you for sharing
the tip is a very royal blue which doesn't show very well in the photo
Whoever was doubting, is hating but like I said it's all good!
I love my class been a great four years with all of these people that glad to call my friends
Oh, hi! Thank you for following me back.
ready for the scary content that dan and phil are going to upload and to be jumpscared
actually chilly out
Good morning.
a song for No One - Acoustic by Alicia Keys
So happy is finally dropping his rake it up remix
Thanks Robert, the blooms are huge.
Thank you
Me & my baby done slept the whole day I really needed that nap
Thks same for you
Awesome
guys his face did this
Best friends got married this weekend and I be happier Hazeltine National Golf Club
always finds a
I think you need to meet
good morning have a great week ahead
Thank you
$NEO is valued at: $16.43
Binance registration is ONLINE! We JUST checked!
Congrats kamura san
It's okay. you guys already work hard. Let's prepare well for the next
Goodmorning
no worries po
IN CASE YOU HAVEN'T SEEN IT!
main dancer bts ada dua jhope sama jimin
Thank you. That makes me smile.
not no stupid ass bitch , I just let shit play out cause when gone going too miss me b4 I miss you
SHES SO CUTE I LOVE HER
Then Deep Cleaning My House Tomorrow
Everyday, why I never get things done. Not complaining tho
I dont like hospitals but the view is so BEAUTIFUL .. there's always something good in the not so good and i
La cena lista
Good to hear I'm always here for you if you ever need anything okay?
Ooh I like this game Following
All due to me. welcome
For my sister Jessica. Today would have been her birthday. Big hugs and lots of love sent her way today
Get delicious vegetarian ingredients delivered straight to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh
I u an hour ago I was hoping for a response
I'd gladly exchange places with one of them to hear you recite it all Emma glad you're
Im not BITTER, Im BETTER now.
blessed morning
She'll move his ass to California as soon as the signatures on the marriage license are dry.
Facts.. this is why i stay to myself lol and just scroll the TL for funny shit to make me laugh
I definitely will
I know who imma be for Halloween
You say spite but those are really nice shoes, treat yourself
sorry
Great photo
What cuties, waiting for me
Looks like grabbing food as it goes.
your so very right. wait to see you in always ready for a with Steve and Joe
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
I enjoy all of them, but Steven King all the way.
Congratulations bhaiya ji
Merci bonne nuit
Done Watching! Nice kaayu. watching Ant-Man and the Wasp
thank you
Do you talk to your crush a lot? m-mayhaps we do
I baked pumpkin cookies and the house smells like Christmas
Thank you! No, I don't mind
Yo puedo finjir
Congrats! I noticed it earlier today in our race. Gg
Yes!!!! I wait
This has been one of the best weekends had in awhile.
couldn't go without smiling the majority of my day
you can use it or the others too if you want
Chama Na Dm Rss
Nah. I think we should just leave them to it.
Nice picture
No doubt you received great info from But thanks Mariah.
I'm safe now Diana! The weather today is 100 times calmer than it was yesterday! Thank you for caring my friend!
thank you!!
Pleasure is mine and thank you
Been did that . & I feel so much better
Aww! Don't fret about forgetfulness, it's a prize sometimes..
And thank you so much!
Also....I'm glad my dude AJ Green is having a good game
Nice!! I was able to get 7 shinies today
feel free to use them if you want fam
good
He seems amazing. I've seen him in other things too.
Thanks for following & happy to follow back.
Hi, Gio! Would you allow us to help you out? Are you getting any error messages? Have you made any changes prior to the issue?
You are the best to defense even you are sitting on the court.
Aww, thank you! pretty sure I have Space coming up in the spring.
Now mesti dah free kan, boleh lah singgah KFC
- BlackPink Bias: Jennie Kim
karlisslut: Reblog if you want to have your way with me
I'm so happy you are you
Have a beautiful week ahead Nusa and may your hopes and dreams come true!
The happiest point in my life
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Sounds good
Amd wins NA243 PS111
Went out with my baby daddy last night for the first time in a long time and I really enjoyed myself
am sorry but it will be better if they arranged by their final ranking..
But still this already good..
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
just a reminder that I am so appreciative of all the good people in my life even if literally scattered
Good morning everyonee
Hope you wil have a grt day
Be careful with banners at current poles and bike rally
Thats good and good luck with it You deserve it
Wait they are engaged? Omg! I used to watch her but I stopped. Idk why! They are so cute and I am so happy for them
Practice na let ng martyr
Talisker in a few years time. complaining aboot?
We should all spend time together, while we have her, then. I'm sure you'll adapt just fine.
The Preparatory at 2018
Group Category - 1st Place
Thank you all for your support
always the loyal person who gets hurt. Hopefully we work together
New phone new number hit me up!
Iza!
Steak and fries yum
I can't wait!
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
and ima be so happy
Korek po...hope to see u po ult soon sa next event.. GodBless po.
It was so nice to meet you yesterday. Bilib ako sa bilis ng recovery mo. So nice to see you up and about.
Aww thank you! appreciate you
karlisslut: Reblog if you want to have your way with me
Mr. light thing is fun to poke
I second that!
Definitely worth all the praise
Listening to 4.6.82 right now
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
Thought that would make you happy when do you come home?
E ai o Burn The Stage: The Movie rola?
Selamat Hari Santri Nasional
welcome
I don't which is sexier, your pics or your honesty.
done anything all break and I decided to start doing some work 5 minutes ago
yep done
welcome
Native, Latino, Indian, black skin is beautiful
Goodmorning
Nope bouta iron my clothes and go to bed lol
At my boys gender reveal, and I get asked tu para cuando And just like
Kita kits and let's be friends Army's
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
Staapp
Also me:
We love making you folks happy, Balu! Keep us posted with additional thoughts about Google Photos.
Oh like a pixie? Bc I totally think you could pull it off
Couldn't find the second pumpkin patch. Stopped at a little produce stand though and found pumpkin ice cream
Thanks i messaged him telling him so
I am so happy that you guys are back!
Mine too
181022 Update Step 1
al futuro, Mc Fly
wow, really awesome! happy to hear it!
Happy Anniversary!!!
Glad to be here
We see Beauty
Good morning
Gud mrngs
No. I'm ready.
Why you asleep
Swear to god down , all you gotta say isss... ride
my Marcus and Willie
Running out of questions to ask your spouse?
i hope you had a wonderful weekend Louis
Be happy
!!!!!!! Wow!!!! Thanks I will try...
Hot bubble bath , eat & lay down til I fall the sleep
Time to rise up in maple story 2. Making a new character, this time a runeblade one
I worked!!! Voted for iKON via Starple App
Oh, so beautiful! Wish I was able to see more than just a feather
My Birthday Almost Here
Top
dang everyone SNAPPEd on maybe i'll post one for the next MuslimARSD
anyways, hmu for anyone
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
Neighbourhood sunset
Quick, someone buy him a backup. We must never allow him on the field without it.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAI TOMAR NO CU PQP
OuO! I like Mr. Connor! really nice
Weekend in my rear view mirror fantastic 1 good night all
Yes.
Can't wait
I hope had one together then
I am hoping to know you more Maybe we can be friends HOOOOY! SUUUURE
Hello samantha!!! I am from Malaysia, and i want design B please i hope i winnn
Football and slow sippin some bourbon
I love being underestimated I love to prove people wrong
go champion
Uyy baka naman po
So awesome beautiful
Love you too
enjoying
from igs
Good thing your enjoying hun!!
thank you for following me.
New candles make me happy
Oh.. I'm with you there! I'd be on my ass more than my feet!
Morning
Perfect
So awesome that you got to experience NASA Johnson Space Center!! Thx for sharing your Instagram post, pics & video stories
TCU be on the look out for the sisters of CUS that will be passing these out tomorrow at noon
girls don't play video games
So awesome that you got to experience NASA Johnson Space Center!! Thx for sharing your Instagram post, pics & video stories
very welcome!!
Thank you Nyarai! It has been a pleasure knowing you too hopefully these streets will
This is for
The way he played everyday was immense treat to watch,The way his effortlessly played
Is it okay if i send dick pics? It's aight but I'll prolly send one too
This looks so good and your tattoo looks like healing well.
Your smile is precious than diamond keep smiling love i will treasure every glance you make
of course.
Gostei
Love this visual.
Big thanks to Sheraton Universal Hotel for extending the SOVAS DISCOUNT to Nov 5th. Don't Get Stuck Without A Bed.
I want the hoodie and blood sugar palette so bad but I donated my makeup $ to hurricane Matthew relief instead.
Awww the memories.
Hi Nic! Hello
Good Morning Everyone
Love it
wait to carve our pumpkins
I'm here for you always
I got my voting location card today And hype!
I need to save my coins to go to Seoul you all!
Haha yes. Chill2 lang danay with your friends
chocolate
Jax n I r thinking about trying this we shall see
Thank you so much for sharing
eat ya pussy from da back & then neva call you!
Happy Birthday Hanbin oppa
If you wanna check out my channel and the series I have going on there. Here it is thank you guys so much
Music making progress
Have fun.
Amazing guys! This was pretty much how was I feeling while watching the whole video.
Already reserved the cost sheet from SM Cinema.
To those who received the the form, kindly settle your payment
I wasted my time on creating a cover...so enjoy
I can't wait to read some of the pieces when they're polished & published in fame & glory.
Lol! If you say so! You're the poster expert
Stay out of trouble and save money
Lol! If you say so! You're the poster expert
Lots of good things happening here, thanks for making it possible!
I'll upload this on 12AM KST!
Good morning papshie Ingat ka today, tomorrow, and everyday miss ko na magConcha's. May
Definitely. I would love your company.
Happy Birthday Priyanka. Have a superb year ahead
*Drake & Migos and Cabin Trip
*whispers* go to hell
Ms Bliss coming through for ya'll
---
Kthr ma adrss ma a5l9 mnah
On the weekends Ms.Williams the teacher doubles as Mommy/Chauffeur 1 of my 2 children. We had a great weekend
I was half right. Food network was the other half
I get the memo
Lamyu, friends!
San Diego
thanks brader
You mean Coralie?
The best
Thank you for opportunity
Hail to the Redskins.
Aww... Informer you flatter me.
& for more Videos!
*breathe in*
*breathe out*
I'm ready for this week now.
Thanks for this
Meet with Me at
gilf porn interactive porn lingerie porn spycam
& for more Videos!
Same by me
Scoobynatural
Love this summary, good read
You all must have a great table going
Which person in your family do you look most like? My dad
Anything you want!
Congratz Champ
I heard the 21st, and today. I guess see
||-// ||-// ||-// ||-//||-// tomorrow!
He's been there for the whole tour im jealous
Finally. Got my Philam Vitality ID. Insurance + investment + active lifestyle. Get yours today!
I hope you like it. a unique design that I think you will find definitely has something to do with our hobby
Missed the vote too I did !
wait til my phone come Tuesday
Finally. Got my Philam Vitality ID. Insurance + investment + active lifestyle. Get yours today!
You're getting prettier!! Siguro because you're inlove? Hehe ang cute nyo ni Jaren stay strong kahit ldr keri yan mamc!!
I hate school
Either is fine by me
How's South Koreans They are awesome!
Thank you
New mouse pad
Thank you for the follow
pabebe wave from ilocos norte
I was nominated by
Nominate yourself if you want to do this
7 days
Another day, another chance to try again. Laban lang!
Thank you
Good morning sherra. Dah breakfast? Good morning. Yes. Had my sandwich earlier.
I'm from Philippines
Start the week with good vibes
Good Morning! Ready to wear my happy mask again
de nada
True! I'm glad there are people like you though makes me absolutely sad to see people being
We are Open
Magandang umaga mga suki
Zumba Wear Pinas Friends
Have you Order your New Zumba Wears ?
Dress
COME SAY HEY
LiveMe-Live broadcasting community
Vicki Li is a crazy thicc Asian hottie (23 photos)
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Sana one day mawitness ko magconcert si Miss Lea
The cabin my mom rented out looks sooo dope friends & family = happy
Gorgeous chuchuchu
BOOM - i got the snipes in - 167m best snipe inever done 2 killed yes thank you for sharing the the shot
Heyy!
Definitely am
welcome
Thanks also for you
Okiee will add ill be on in a few hours
You were calm, cool and collected
Hi the link's not working! I'd like to order.
Follback
Binance gives free money with airdrops!
Click here:
$BTC $ETH $XRP $XLM $NEO
Wow- what a super chat!! Thanks for all the great sharing everyone. Have a fantastic week!
yey thanks ate!
take it easy Claudia .. this is humanity at work, be tolerant not judgemental.. lots of
Actually hang up on me again & be a thing of the past, once I get my other contacts back
Yesssss!!!! Eu faria com muito prazer
My best Beldum is 91 evolved it yet. We joined a huge crowd that was doing
Get delicious vegetarian ingredients delivered straight to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh
It's Monday! A two hours 22km to start the week... going to be a busy week ahead
You too
Good news if a Democrat Better yet if a relative of
Thank you, Alex!
Fuhgedaboudit!
Hang in there dear....
Have you paired with anyone? If not, I'm up for it
jaaysbaits: Come bust wimme Instagram : dreamofjosh
My birthday
telling you FAM she killed it, not everyone will believe our first date.
Thank you so much too kind! Yuzu always impresses me and I help drawing him.
Prayer still d only way out brother
Good morning
KPOP Star (3:20am) & AAA (Starple)8:53am ,voting proofs
Good morning!
Does anyone want to meet up at Disney tomorrow?
I love my people
We are so proud of you and we will support your campaign Your the best man for the job!
These are the issue that us Floridians care about. Gillum kicked DeSantis ass! You should have kept it on!
basic answer but , kokobop from the war
Ah yeah that means you already got me one amazing
I am super happy for you though
Draconis Memoria by and Heartstrikers by
here
rumour don't let the negativity or drama of the world get you down. Smile!
No all good.
My hair looks good when I wear my hairband fluffy balls
Thanks, Emily! I'm still over the moon about it.
Thank you
Oh well. God still loves me
Only a year?! Could have fooled me!
damn I need so much help with the twins room. But okay. mommy got this
Glimpse Of Absolutely Irresistible Earth-Quacking Heavenly Underboobs
Tommorow will be a good day to spread love :)
I literally JUST wrote the same thing!
And both fabulous.
Thank YOU for making this tune. You deserve the world
explain your before and after marriage experience in one word
me
Thank you for the follow
Roll up
Listo
tolle
SUCCESS! Researcher's
Love is free! Join the community and meet up!
Hey, thanks !!! I would love one of Waves or Nicole if you do international ship, if you dont no problem
Very handsome!
Do you know? I was thinking about you and it made me smile love you winner safe flight
your biggest fan. Goodluck
Go be a early night for us
TOMORROW at Westview at 7:11!!! See you and your friends there
I'm grateful for the memories too. apir!
Thank you so much
Be everywhere miss ya too lil boy
ME HACES FELIZ
Love beating Chicago
What the fuck if I only work 2 days next week I'ma kill someone
Thank you
Thanks
how to cook (suman) yummy level i will show you
New York luv
haha. I have just watched it again, just to make myself feel better. Sleep well
Good morning everyone!
Have a blessed day ahead!
Congratulations good blass both of you
Had an Awsome zoom with the team tonight
It's called 20 minutes of googling
Thank you naren
Good Morning Kuantan...today im from Pekan
All this shit I just bought I need it though
We're finally in the nice part of fall.
Done
Goodnight and sweet dreams I all of my Dear Sweet Friends
Come out one support our show!! Tickets are 5$ . I promise it will be worth it
Amen. thank you....
Good morning bgc
IF you're going to raise another dog, what are you going to name it ?
Big girl na tlg ang baby girl ko
Happy 79th Birthday Tatay Pedro from you grandDaughter Shengkai just pray always tay, hopefully you'll be
Gm Very nice pic
Oh no worries
love to go see Ed Sheeran some day
About to some more on Come hang out and say hi Link in the description!
Thank you!
Awwwww
My Birthday Week Was Great Spent it with everyone I loved
Good night Friends!
Testing my patience
Ok Hooked ...
reassurance
Simple doesn't mean simpler.
oh it's from pin prestige you can check it out here
Goodmorning
give up!! One day at a time. I stay focussed on my triggers and let the rest happen naturally.
Female: why is it so hard to find a nice guy?
Nice guy: Hey
Female: talk to me.
I'm still awake if you are?
Andrew Gillum holds his own is strong his a next Governor. be seeing him tomorrow.
Thank you chandu
Selamat pagi!
yes!
Love that quote Good luck!!
Yeesh, if you do make sure you enroll in Obamacare first. Open Enrollment is Nov. 1st through Dec. 15th
you are the best. message you
All I know is my man better take me to Gary Allan!!!!
Just amazing have a good day here is 04:38
i have a question will you be part of hs2
I baru hbs mine yesterday i dah rindu. Please enjoy every moment of the planning.
I do not have a country accent. Thank you
Any holiday I get to spend with my mother. She's an RN and she works on most holidays
Thanks, Rachael!
I just followed you on Instagram
my fave post GD keyboard hero
That's my favorite too! A blue light is the best one to have--it means we're doing okay.
What other blue things do you like?
Love this photo from diemerdoggies
He looks very spoiled... just as he should be
Damn that Pussy look good!!!
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
you're all special to me and "sexy" huh well thank you for noticing
I live in the UK.
back ?
Heading down to the Etihad Stadium for the Southampton game 4th of Nov cannot wait absolutely
Oof, well no worries ur gf will still love u. I know it.
Sometimes God speaks to us through events
Thanks for the shout-out! We're happy to be there for you. Congratulations to you for your accomplishments!
con Pancho
Good. I'm loving this season so far.
Whatever u do u should straighten ur hair my boyfriend loves that
Very few people understand it
Maybe not such a good time for Assange to be a bad house guest.
Thank you very much! For you!
Happy bday Jek!!! Godbless!
Hi Faith, what is your favourite food and do you prefer returning to an incall or outcall after a dinner date?
Oh I missed this chilling morning breeze of Sta. Ana winds.
2018.365-295
Thank Was great meeting you!!! Had a lovely time
Ok but today is
Imma need that IG
Thank you
Just an enthusiast not a teacher
Cux u gave a give away and someone Retweeted
But it's nice to meet u
Great answer to everything
You still carry a brief case?
I have puppy here
If he say he a dog imma treat him like a pet
Thank you so much. I will continue to advocate for Surrey and will raise issues for the voiceless. Thank you
Well congrats it's working
Lesbian vampire convincing hot teen to lick her hairy pussy
My pleasure
Didn't notice your reply
Good morning friend's
& welcome dear disa
Need a hug?
I know! December 6th for a week. So get to see it for all the Christmas stuff too
Nice story
Doing great! Thanks Matt. Hope you had a great weekend.
Nice story
me time, coffee time.
Happiness all around
And she's one of the funniest witty people on here! Compliment level luv ya you crusty punk
Prof just texted that he's cancelling class this week. More time to do LMT.
Certification na lang
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
Thank you
Yes ever ready to be feed with good music
Thank you, byeeee good luck
EU goes full Turkish.
With honor thanks G
2 years ago
Thank you so much
Sending you my love for using your platform to stand up for us.
hopefully I can get my hair done Friday
i never got to meet her since she passed away 7-8yrs ago but i think love her so imma go with that
Bang with local girls at
brunette hot hentai lips marie
Tnx
Thx
Thx
Thx
Thx
Out With My 2 Favorite Boys!
Binance gives free money with airdrops!
Click here:
$BTC $ETH $XRP $XLM $NEO
I saw this on my timeline so quote with two emojis for an indirect!
Yep! Long as I can get Sky to baby sit
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness
Just pretty happy right now
Anytime boo, just call whenever
I have my first mid term on Thursday and not even a little bit prepared
I LOVE YOU JOON! I follow back
Wew I wait
Good morning!
Reading one of my favorite books for the third time.
If only let me dress him up and stay there! Thank you
Hoping that your going to have a concert in davao soon. waiting for that moment to happen.
Open A Book and Read
have a great weekend Josephine!
U might be clumsy but damn girl u can dance
He refers to himself on radio as doctor Vix Lombardi-I sometimes play along for fun
You are very welcome
Goodmorning, Monday!
Thanks so much for the special RT! I appreciate all of your support. Enjoy the rest of your evening.
last night was so cool , no drama no extra shit just drunk & fun
I feel happy for my boy
Good Morning
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
and if you have the time, it'd be an honor if you checked me out on YouTube. colejamesand and Anderson Visuals on YouTube
JYPE album sales so far this year
Es bonito platicar sobre teorias con ustedes.
HAPPIEST BIRTHDAY good health and more blessings for you!!! enjoy your day and God bless
Hi bes
oohh i heard abt that, didn't know its weekly show.. thanks
single anything telling telling wrong
Mil gracias
I missed you too. Also, I will deny I ever posted this photo.
That's my observation too...
excited to be together at the this weekend.
Last night was fun
TODAY I MET AMANDA AND SHAWN SHSISJ
peel your muffin top back
Rate 1 to 100 and tag a friend..
GET YOUR HERE:
Absolute for your friends
I knew u loved me
Porn
wait to get home & get under my covers
the jacks and petty party
Thanks for the tag!! Good list too
Awww thank you. I'm glad you like it I'm not even close to being done sooooo there
Pagkatapos Gym NBA Agad
And, thank you, as well
Thanks Kitty
Merci
Yes we can always find smth positive even in a negative situation and it gives us new strength to fight and to win
I already told my bf he needs to start saving them coins because all I want is gucci for my bday
Made my day bae take care ka today and ikaw din, don't forget to smile
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness
Pull up to the function like we real friends!!
I can tell.
Happy Birthday!
BUFFON is my GOD
hello sunshine
Good Morning
You're fine
Thank you x my dream would be my own cake studio
You can always save it for tomorrow! But hope ya feel better
PSA: Drunk Este is not me. I know him. Never met him in my life. So just acknowledge him.
I feel like I look so dumb when trying to get it to recognize me: ..... .....
Yessss, set that up very soon
Lamoyan!! Hahahaha you'll find yours pretty soon
Best warming story of the week!
Any time bud no pun intended
Thanks. Cute avi, also.
Homecoming is slowly approaching and I wait to be around nothing but love and liquor
If it's a she, adorable!
Thank you..
Simple but so good
believe I used to have with people wtf was wrong with me. Now I just have money
Yas girl that the truth! HMU if ya ever want to have a chat
Indeed, cara
And I'm grateful
You will have to listen and see if you agree at all. "We never agree"
Stay salty antis..
Block + report
if you're not happy, just fake it
Both stunners underneath the paint
Great when public to every one then? Answer that.
Thanks!
But that's okay, cause since we wanna be funny I'm gonna be real fucking hilarious.
Thank you
goodmorning God bless us all
1 plus 1 equals 2 down! 2 subjects na lang. Thank you Lord.
Aww Sweet!!
mind me just venting on the oblivious ignorance of a mindless individual
Thank you..
the right person will come along and you won't need to do anything to keep them interested for the simple fact that you'll be enough
Hola Jeon JungKook
Plus one
Sunod na Training, Wasar - Water Search and Rescue naman.
Made Japanese hamburg steak for dinner!
Well done Kimi!!!Saw your victory in 2013 thanks to GnR gig
I feel 1000% better after camping this weekend
Just Updating Because It has Been A Couple Of Hours Now And Do Not Want You {If AcceptableTo You} To Miss 12:00 Tonight !
This is a nice little video
Sub if you like music reactions come be part of our global community
JYPE album sales so far this year , powers
hope this answers your question?
It a big travel trip but we successfully had our first little getaway with family
Gracias por responder
Drinking my fave caramel macchiato to jumpstart my work week.
I just want a dm fro
you're welcome
omg same wow we really are one in the same
Already received the Cost Sheet from SM Cinema.
To those who received the form, kindly settle your payment on
Hope you come back soon!
homecominggggg
Romeo and Juliet!
Wow! different and inventive!
That's sweet.
Went to visit at his sisters for awhile with my girl. We wanted to see the little ones, cute kiddies
goodmorning, don't let the bitches ruin your day!
Wish me luck belum ada satupun album EXO btw follback yahh
This is so relaxing I love cats
thanks for the follow
I made the right choice to choose God over others
Romeo and Juliet!
A cat is a cat is a cat (of any size)
Wedding came out so beautiful, now just got Vegas to look forward to next!
The plots zigged a couple of times there at the end when I thought it would zag, but life.
always room for new friendships.
Happy Birthday Kim Hanbin!
Haha this is the best possible response to a tweet of mine! I'd love to make something for you when you're ready
GO MOMO!!!!
GO DAHYUN!!!
GO TZUYU!!!!
i like this song
ps.
chaeng why you gotta be so cute?
Oke . Thank you
I suck at everything
Indeed, cara
And I'm grateful
A compliment I very much needed rn. Thank you
Morning ...no
Good morning
Ramon there will be no Gustazos for that
On a positive note. glad Pat MaHomes and Kareem Hunt on my fantasy team
Ok try again next year
// welcome! And I see.
No worries, you glad you like me flattering :)
in your right your not dramatic your spiteful
November hurry up and get here
Hi MOCHI LATTE Is this the teaser RM tweeted months ago???
*Hear, but facts
Rooting for you from Nebraska!!#VoteGillum
You got this!!
Great performance tonight in Halifax...thank you
Just got home from work so pretty good
Good morning peeps
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts
Have a great day
Nuff said via
be on in an hour ish
My sister came into town and I got to visit with her, so it was a nice weekend
Malibu beach time ! Finding a few minutes to relax in between non stop busy agent life
Love this! Has a postcard feel or vibe to it
Bae Coming Over Press
Just know, if i black out next time... im coming to beat your ass
Hey me
Marcelo the Pug always Makes me
Merci toi aussi
Im goona be alright
geceler
Buenas noches Carmen
Q&A video is in the can! Editing this afternoon and hopefully have it up later this evening
Finally about to change this number
For us trying to be health nuts
about time I opened my eyes
Thank you
A big applause for the mariachi of
Thank you MaryAnn!
I believe that anyone can do it He can , you can! EVERYONE , no need to drag him like that!!
If only she was actually in the battle royal
||-// ||-// ||-// ||-//||-// tomorrow!
I was feeling myself today, all dolled up, full makeup on so I had to take a selfie
gonna be alright
the word you looking out for is ....hallucination
Part of the Phandom?
I'm a Phannie, y'all got that right
Sexuality?
I am straight, got that one wrong
Age?
10 -
When this little guy comes up in your list of friends made on this day on your Facebook memories...
hi I think I have crush on you, your eyes and lips are so cool. Oww thanks
Never in my wildest dreams did I ever think I would be with such an amazing person who I can nerd out with my
people should mind their business
Meghan on her way to the resort
Congrats on making it to Hump Day, here's your reward (48 Photos)
You would love to think this. So keep thinking it.
I'll always consider yall family such a happy time nothing but smiles laughs and amazing people
Good morning There is no such thing as a big problem because we have a bigger GOD.
Did A Lil Shopping This Weekend
Wow, 22 already! Happy Birthday, Courtney!
long thick fat black cock covered in creamie dripping Pussy. ..beating dick
Today went by fast now I'm hoping tomorrow go by even faster
my baby back home with me , now in bed chilling
Buenas. Noches. !!!!
Try our new Gel polish also our imported polish (Orly)
Thank you
Really looking forward to bringing all my studio equipment to okc this weekend.
Mrng Bro
Who took the time to expose like that? Like you had to be DIGGING! Why can't y'all let people be happy
her face was so cute, yes!
A year ago today Zach was parking my car for me in cap hill, so happy nothings changed such a butt,
are-doing my living room is coming together
This makes my happy! love you both!
I'm always hot... I'll trade ya
Dm
A room with a view
Hey I'm really good at that
That would have been nice, but I'm not upset, just thought the whole thing was kind of hilarious.
Top 5 OCs you created?
Thoughts and last message for veya Just be happy and ingat always
Had a great week and weekend thank you God for gettin me and my babies thru it now almost time for me
It's great, isn't it? The bathroom is even more colorful, with blue walls and a blue mosaic floor.
Dia 23 poli
Obrigado
Thank you!
Hand him over, sure you just have to turn him off and back on again
I'll miss this Fam. Thank you
When they sell there is more for us to buy at lower prices. It's all good
I feel so relieved right now
Nice 3 and out. even better we left Mahomes plenty of time to get more points
why you blocked yourself then? being an asshole.
thank you and i tried to include colors
ako na photographer
Let this day be a good day.
Thank you
thank you for the 3 funkos! can't wait to resell them on ebay
Now that had a day to process last events, here are my thoughts.
Best days are spent with family! Such a good way to give us the much needed energy to start the work week
Terminando este hermoso finde
181021
finally happy again
Done Wish me luck
Que chulas
A nice text affect me a lot. Good morning guys
Go Jags. First day of practice tomorrow
Live on mfc! Cum say hi
It was a really great show. Do the '04 season next time.
Thank you like deadass crying
Little tired from working all weekend but good how about you?
WINTER IS COMING, THANKSGIVING IS COMING, CHRISTMAS IS COMING, THE BEST TIME OF THE YEAR IS COMING
I was cheated on so here are some pictures I to post
So thankful to have volunteered in Missoula! Was a sample tasting of what I want to do in life. you are
My sister bd looked out and paid my Wifi bill for me
do you need an angel to say it too??
make an onghwangwink thread 4 me
Boa noite
wait to wear mine and redpill more folks
Lol you but glad you explained in parenthesis
New collaboration amazing
then you changed it... so I changed it back
Ty
Best tv show ever
wish you a very happy Birthday .
Hi! Be strong. Jesus always got your back! I'll hug you
Hello! I Tried My best to draw this hope you guys like it
No hay problema
Me today
Idk until when .. but i will see
Chicken Alfredo from Norm's is better
shiba dog
Good morning
Guys Im coming out
Bowser Jr. kin
tell anyone
Thank you!
It was just a joke. Of course she can date...when 35
welcome
Happy birthday hope you had a wonderful day!!!
For doctor in vet medicine dvm graduates. Fresh or experience. Sebarkan
Dr vet vacancy
That is true.
I play Bass, Guitar, Saxophone, and a few other instruments I just can't sing this is the bass I
Aww so cute
Happiest birthday to this very beautiful girl You're God's beautiful masterpiece! I'm always proud
Seriously uh need to grow up
You will find that girl
Don't apologize - the reason I followed you (and your wife) was because I liked you. No follow back necessary
Thank you, we aim to please.
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness
Hmm. Kulang ito. I wasn't there so I don't know the context, and without the context this
Day 19, my OC Aunia as a pirate! I'm happy with this one.
golden retriever puppy
I stole this from even though it will flop anyway
Change is always good, & it grows back
Chirag:"What is the capital of the United States?"
Ved:"New York"
I'm actually very talented in taking screenshots
You come visit us a lot, you should just move in Hope you enjoyed your visit!
I'll have it mailed to you by Thanksgiving
writing an Autoethnography and fairly excited about it tbh...stay tuned
check ko din thanks!
Let go.
I took a nice well needed break
Some of my favorite podcasts are: My Brother, My Brother And Me, The Adventure Zone, Wonderful, and Queer4Queer (@q4qcast)!
he keeps me smiling and happy
Lol you are so sweet but ok
Thank you
How much fun was recording "Win, Lose, & Ka-boom"?
Appreciate you
I'm from the Philippines
Wherever & are, I just hope they had a great day!
Semarang
Laban lang mamsh!!! WERE HERE TO SUPPORT YOU ALWAYS! CONGRATS PO SA 900K SUBS ON YT MORE TO GO PA PO
LOL aww! Well I loved talking to you too! Just a heads up that you need to feel that way with me
Because you saw me
PePe just learned how to say cat today she loves cats and dogs but mostly cats
welcome
welcome
Love all these! The Vivi one is so cute!
So I deleted all my tweets.
I had 8 million tweets
But time for a fresh start
A little dinner at the with the hubby Pub and Grub
beyond happy
all good. You can come to 5sos hell
Espero que no, igual se trata de disfrutar
Yes really loved this comment too I have to admit I was a bit confused about her participating in this
Time to head back down
why are you still so attractive?!?. I always loved your show and movies. Thank you for a great childhood
donna and two iida accounts liked that tweet so perhaps i am blesst
I feel sorry for these bashes for you guys. But things will get better - and these will all just blown away Much love!
The world needs Tasya blowing a kiss as a gif. We need it! I mean, if she feels so inclined
Glad to hear. I really need to read the books
I hope he makes that change for next game, but we both know he
Good morning.
Anytime bb
Thanksgiving and Christmas is my favorite time of the year
Block-unblock to get rid of this blot
October is over in 10 days I wait to start playing Christmas music
That gif though
Ya know u have a win every time we see your pics as blues fans.
Yall should hit my follow button while you're at it
Thank you
Temperature and humidity where the medicine were kept pun diambil kira
Hope to see you po on the next events
Indeed it is, sir
I highly doubt bad, and you can never get better if you never try! do great
So glad that I finally have a day off tomorrow!!!
I hope u did get it back though Kian
Oh yep you are right! I mis typed!! they sure are!!
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
I know right
Back off tho
After class i will give it to u , ok...
playing all night!
Good morning everyone!
Dont forget your breakfast!
Start your day with smile & bismillah!
Have a nice day
never said a mean thing about you
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Masyadong obvious mamshie. Try again next time
Soon means tonight babe, right?
This boy is jhs so good
Perhaps Kween is one of great Jin Stan I know
I hope so Nuk!
thick girls fav this .. trying to see something for bro !
thank you!! How have you been
Follow us on instagram for latest updates guys don't miss out!!!
Postive vibes only
Ashwath:"Ved, where is Washington DC?"
Ved:"It is the captial of Washington"
Hi it's good to meet you. Thank you for the RT
Good morning have a nice day
Thank you
Have you noticed that ranked in the TOP10 of
You can do it.
Believe in yourself.
Work hard ! Keep fighting !
and don't forget to smile
Hello! I tried my best to draw this,hope you guys like my drawing
Thank you for the support sir!
ooh well i like them! google is your best friend. Or if you have questions I can help
Aw thank you
No prb and welcome any time to talk if u want
Viswasam pongal ku vandha thuppakki collection beat pannum nu pathan varla na kastam than
2012: Thuppakki
Live Seoul Like I Do
This is gonna be awesome, Tony also take as much time as you need
What do and have in common? They both just go away.
Ahhhhh how caring & loving
Angelic Butts Of Earthly Human babes
Thanks for the follow
Thanks, noona! I'm feeling better now.
Thank you *blush*
Welcome po
Thanks buddy!
good just speaking truth
follback me please/? Thanks
My pleasure Bree!
Good morning
You're so welcome! Vivi's actually my favorite!
Hi bb! Please check DM
Ewa, Have you visited the Liberty Statue in New York? You have been there
the best I love you so much sweetheart
Good morning Tay may you and Nay have a blessed day today
Ta ficando com livia? Fofus Simsim tbm acho kk
Luke Combs February 1st.
I should not too obsessed ship i need calm down not to take seriously
No. It was Madea.
Monday New week New goals
Happy Monday
Well, something reset, either on their end or mine, as I'm back!
Hi it's a pleasure to meet you! Thank you for the RT
Love to see my childhood neighborhood shouted out in pop culture.
Sure will
Sa nag Tutor sakin sa Accounting, Thank you so much po i really love the way you teach me Much appreciated
Where is the pink hair?
Good morning sir dad
I like how this sounds
At meron pa syang upcoming endorsements
I will try my best
$mmm let's try for more than $3 this week
Thanks for following Canadian Blog House, Riley! Nice to meet you via
I will support what/who I love. Period!
Hi!
This is what planning on so yes
Mya & Vari braids so cute for my 1st time
Fall inlove with her mind her heart her smile her laugh her eyes her scent her her smarts
one thing I do
Not yet but when it does it's just so beautiful
happy birthday!
Voye banm please and thank you
A day in the life of......
Ty sis I knew u would
Think I need to make this a family weekend thing and get my kids in the game
Good morning tweeps!
Electronic Dance Music
Learning Gotta start somewhere very excited to spend next weekend in Detroit taking different
She is
2 more weeks babe. Kapit lang
Thanks a lot
awesome!!!
It feel so good at my house
Student Council meeting tomorrow after school in the LRC!! Hope to see you there
This is the answer of that description.
Apartment smells like bleach School & work clothes out now time for wine
Excited to the fullest
hangouttt. love you
Special Snaps (CROPED)
That was perfect. Thank you so much. Exactly what I needed.
Morning
Can i use this as my home screen? Thank you.
That was quite a movie
Thanks
The lesser I care, the lesser i get hurt.
Smile nor.
Makes sense. I love it, too!
Good night Holly and all
This quote is for everyone to keep in mind.
Aterradores disfraces de gatitos.
I have no babies and I don't think I'll ever have them...I'm finally ok with it
I what you did.
Isn't it? Now when you do your homework you can think of this fun fact!
Wonderful. Yes sure tiring! Well I really love and appreciate all the gifts! Thank you so much!
special little sex kitten is very happy
Thank you
Bollocks !
Thanks.
This is adorable.
WINTER IS COMING, THANKSGIVING IS COMING, CHRISTMAS IS COMING, THE BEST TIME OF THE YEAR IS COMING
Mine was Friday ty my friend !
Thanks
Yes! No sugarcoating
Yaan ing tinuod Bal. You deserved people na tigam isab mag value ng friendship.
Thank you in the World USA and Miami
I fit in
I look so tiny but selfie sunday
CONGRATS on making your cut!!! So happy for you!!!
Glad the issue on manor road and Waterloo road has been sorted thank you
Just bought tickets to go see with the St. Louis Symphony for the second year in a row! Oh my heart, I can't wait!
No matter how good or bad your life is, wake up each morning with a smile and be thankful that you still have one.
Lies ! Republicans are sweating! Dnt fall for it! going blue
Bubble Trouble is one of the greatest picture books on the planet! You're doing yourself a favour.
Now, a fab start to the day.
U gone get there soon enough lol
Far too kind Justine! Thank you!
Good Morning
Proud of my cousin
Candace, please go have a talk with Stacy Abrams!
thank you
Awwww
Top 5 cartoons?
We love it! And my son competed in his first ninja event today. He is determined to get on !!
Sent it
Now you can get lots of distance if you hatch any eggs you get from my gifts!
Na, you will just sit back and enjoy your life
Most Fav Vijay's Movie. BGM!.
have a nice monday joy
God bless you
Isn't it? Now when you do your schoolwork you can think of this fun fact!
Mahomes is a solid second option
- preparing for the work week ..
Backpack full of crisp freshly picked apples. Today was a good day
My GF and I actually been in the same room together since summer. But I can still strum our intwined veins.
Today's 'Interview With A Mum In Business' is with Alex; designer, blogger and shop owner of AdaAndAlfred. Come
Thank you!
This is sweet
Get back in the game with some girls in sports bras (33 Photos)
house
lovely sunday with ma girls and thank you jie'r for doing my hair and makeup hehe i
I am secretly hoping I get to take some home too.
They're still on YouTube.
I get so lucky with taylor
Uy. Sib pasali naman Jan ohhhh please.
you can try this method if it says you're device is unrooted/rooted.
We are backers of expand Congress
i accept cash, check, paypal, & venmo
The French do know their color theory
Thank u!
Thank you Grace!!
Thank you in the World USA and Miami
// good! No problem anytime
Level of preception
what him?? sorry I read decode pls
Thanks
bet mo ba magdeactivate ng yt channel
Baek A Yeon came to support Taeyeon's concert
PERSONA
'S..
Thank u sweetie!
Good morning oppa
Why are you so cute love you so much
Let's go to Seoul!!!!
Free meal tn
Finish school then go wherever ypu want, have your freedom
The browns lost, the ravens lost and the bengals are getting blown out... a good football Sunday
no my moms!
Lam mo na pwend? Simulan mo na.
2001 me would be happy to know that my crush on Carla Gugino is alive and well
Congratulations Jennifer!! Nicely done, super star
Level of perception
Idc how bad we fell off if you ever need anything you can always SMD
Hiiiii
Waited for this for a long tine but its worth it
Thank you very much!
Yeah Boy!! Thank You
Fifties are Nifty, while Sixties are totally free of BS
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
At last we can know what he said! Thanks so much dear Sunny
Time to join everyone else in getting a Krau commission! Thank you so much
Congratulations,
Pumpkin patches, Apple Orchards, Sunflower field, Corn maze, they have alot of activities
Part in friend group?
Quiet, but speaks out. Got that one right
How long in the Phandom
This was a matter of
Music?
Emo all the way, wrong
Body type?
In the middle, so 50, 50
Friends?
A small group, good job, correct
Goodmorning
Thanks yes there are a few
Boa sorte!!!!
My husband (virgo) and I (libra) he's my best friend
labrador puppy
Satin Bloom - Sleeping Foot Worship
Exactly. That is the first thing that came to my mind. I smiled when i see the vid.
Marefresh na ulit si baby
Looking for my next high, I'm looking for closure
Thanks
Getting there
Nice to meet you kahapon
melhor assiste sim.
Who wanna go to the pumpkin patch to take pictures
Hahaha...thank u so much
I contend that it's more fun and way more interesting to multi-tweet
Crypto is the way to go
so upset that tomorrow is Monday it I go on vacation weds so excited
Idk if obsessing over this. But it feels so good
You can download applemusic on playstore and subscribe
I will know tomorrow
Best friend neighbor what more can a girl ask for
Thanks ma really excited to keep doing it!!
Omg yes I love you. Thank you
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
putting locks in my drawers since my sister know how the FUCK to wear her own clothes
Good Morning I'm ready!!
Yes it is a lovely place, I really must go next year.
Sehi pakde kyo ki time bhut powerfull a right time auan te har chahat puri hundi es lyi be postive
goodmorning
Any chance snack time, Dave? You now how you get when hungry.
send you a nice message and respond I just came to say what I said back ghost
That's beautiful Mary Elizabeth. I miss the beauty of the first snowfalls. I don't miss shoveling it though
well hey. you made me go look up some old tweets myself and... yikes. i am not that person anymore lmao so all if forgiven
EPISODE GOD, I HAVE SIN AGAIN. Lol, WHY THE DEVIL MAKE DO I'M JUST SAYING
Peaceful holidays.
Pitching in to get the place Birthday party ready
Amen God is good all the time and all the time He is good
Hello sa magkapatid. Hehehe
Tita
Goodmorning.
Thank you
Thank you for all your hardworks and for giving us inspirations. We love you so much
Now you are a mom kids rock clothes better I am now getting my daughter's handmedowns...true story
Life has changed a lot since this day last year. so grateful for the amazing people in my life today
Thanks
Ataturk Hava Limani Kimler yakin buraya
wait to go to work tomorrow
Is there any chance you'll play 4.33 AM (Running Shoes) in Rio?
Lots of love from a hopeless, starry-eyed fan.
called Autumn... two months until Winter
Knowledge is power. Thank you for having a growth mindset.
Thanks for the follow!
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
somebody took me to red lobster instead
Went to a pumpkin patch today and let me just tell you, it was great
honestly a star is born messed me up
goodnight twitter i think gonna cry myself to sleep!
I'm sure you know the "theology" of it naman and you were just highlighting a certain aspect masaya lang mag reply hee hee
Just a thought
Lmk if you ever need anything or have any questions, love btw, I need to meet your bundle of joy!
I'm sorry I'm not her. I'm just a younger colleague and namesake from the same country.
This made me happy
What is wrong with js folks talking about enzymes ehn?
Snapchat fun with Amaya
One of the best surprise endorsements this election! Thanks Mason! forget to VOTE tomorrow friends!
Soul Central Magazine - Go Global Or Stay Local
We are now taking Bookings for the following: We are available
InRhythm is looking for a Senior iOS Engineer at InRhythm (New York, NY) (allows remote)
That would still be wonderful, Deborah! Thank you very much
Hot Dog on the vote, this whole thing is invalid, re-evaluate life please
I just hope Damon would give Dorsey full control.
I'm excited for the World Series. Red Sox will sweep the Dodgers.
not hurt, sad, nor mad! I can thank God for all of that!
Okay yayyyyy!!!
think anyone looked at the shirt first tho
Anything by yg specifically left right
Thanks! I used a sharpie
I was supposed to sleep na around 10 then napadpad ako sa jeepney tv channel.
I turned off the tv around 1 am na
Outro
Awww that's very kind of you...I have moments. Mostly it's just photos of cars that I find interesting. Thank you
That's what I'm drinking
Exact!
fixed it
How you move tells me what I need to know, words mean anything
Good morning
I loved you for exactly who you are
Gud mrning
so this is our new guest bed
i obviously immediately went to hide in it to read
(also.sorry I know I owe ppl
Iloveyou My and Dy
Markina can help you up to the hump (27 Photos)
Remember to smile Anvaya Cove Beach & Nature Club
That looks absolutely delicious and beautiful!!!
Smayel
Well I really only like Veronica, the Witch and Skeleton key( her name is Caroline-my name)
Fuck is a good adjective. As in, Trump is a fucking halfwit
thank you AA for helping me on my booking number.
Goodmorning
Your Welcome!
Have a great day ahead,
Watch my girlfriend squirt in hard POV fuck
Then vote all Dem.Nothing to lose. And I did promise you that cup of coffee if you do.
Ep4 Trailer In The Enjoy!
Exactly what we had for dinner! Except with Fritos - so good!
I really appreciate it! We all gotta hang soon
Thank you And as you should be! Use that nervous energy to make a killer video
of course! np
Thank you in the World USA and Miami Miami, Florida
& for everyone that gets this shirt it glows in the dark
Hey, Violet! Enjoy your stay here in Cafe Bene Talking about animation, do you fancy Studio Ghibli's?
Chilling with my Watching some movies and just finish our and that we up tonight
literally the only guy in our row. I should of left at home lol. Happy birthday baby
columnas en forma de hombres en el centro de Lima columns in the shape of men, Lima
OK like this rq so I can tell ya
It would be awesome for reformers - we are going to Funco characters for that
praying both groups of humss to be included at top 5.
See you tomorrow my friend! Have a beautiful night!
I like this... 'unrecognizable self' you feel it... Sit in it... It is good
This is solid.
He do you mind crediting the creators? , I play Jason btw
Oh! Hey Lik Pump Kin. Imma call you Marie!
Leander, Texas
you judge the screaming i hear the meaning
Ready semuax
Laundry for one?
Yes, thank you
now watching....
cocomaine interviews kinilig ako :) sana masundan pa ulit ng movie sila together pls.
Thank God for my man , he's my life size teddy bear
Thanks for the shout out. Much appreciated.
gets you around for << Use this code MIGUELT10 Springs greatdeal
Stop it!
Love it too
Goodmorning
my dog though
firs pair of vans
Hihi..
not a teacher, but I have a special interest in reviewing Native literature.
Brilliant!! good result
Ser Fiel No Es Ser Bobo, Es Saber Valorar!!
Why can I imagine that lol
just go with the flow
He not gone see this but...babe, IM READY
This is so cool!
Belo fim de domingo
I love all these posts about people trash talking the TRASH Team is what they are.
Under the heat of the sun, we love to make fun
good to be back
And Petty LaBelle so I guess I win
Thank you Kat! It was a fun day
They definitely made second gen goods more gender neutral.
Ep4 Trailer In The Enjoy!!
I wonder if wants to put on the kettle for me
Que bonitooo nalgada por ese twit
goodnight to the best mentor and human in the world only
and all my followers bc ily all
Thanks
So, your plan?
thought appreciate the Little Mix part!
you have no idea how happy i am whenever you like my replies or post updates little one. so thank you very much
Love it
Amazing!!!!
Welcome! Isang bff fries lang ok na sakin
Special Stills (CROPED) (2)
Ano timeslot ng TWBA?
Lmfaooo, I thought you were bored na and pls don't cease my Just a few more questions and that's
Any way to get Our Secret World or Reflections on vinyl?
Thanks for a great weekend, Todd!
even when he claimed he is afraid of microwave.. he conquered his fear for Rapmon-hyung..
So much going on at one time. awesome show last night. don't forget to catch it on CW if you missed it. I'm
Thanks so much! Next time I will bring more
me too.
That makes it a good thing.
I would say that we all feel the same way!
Ang soft soft niya inside. Mwehehe!
first pair of vans
supeeeer thank youuuu Lord nothing more to ask hihi
A big smile on her face
I thought it was just a little bit
Girls With Tattoos Are Always Sexy
She definitely is man. I love her character and the 360 she made
Good Morning Baby Boy
When I listen to slow jam music makes me feel good
That was my brother's birthday!
Corrected...
Hi baby Palm Tree I see you!!! Lol!
but it's okay, I still feel happy and motivated my life. I became even more excited.
Understood
I'm at work training and I can't listen to it right now gotta wait for a few hours~ can't wait to hear this bop
My daughter has that as well. The blessing of having a beautiful daughter, huh?
PS:
Kim Hanbin, you are such a blessing to iKON and iKONICS.
Happy Birthday, dearest quail I love you
Gracias!
When I bought my place there wasn't no one there but me signing the deal lol Boss Shit
See you there!
No en video
OK--time for the on my "friend in my head," Ms.
At times, yes. If you need to talk to someone, I dont know how much good I can be, but my DMs are always open
Regalarme momentos
Watch out for this
This would be for my kids Leetha, Bradley and Shiloh. ( I won't put their full name out of respect for them and
the man of the hour !!!! How have been doing Randy ! Hope all is well my friend
be revealing everything when 4.2 is released!
Ready to take my pictures
Be careful shiori-chan..
Made some jack-o-lanterns today. I haven't made any in years
No problem! Hope to see you guys at more of the games
It's been years, but yes, I have seen it. Great film.
Don't be spooked, FLBP is here to save the day! (48 Photos)
You're welcome!
It's ok. Don't let others bring you down.
Nobody is entitled to sex so there's no point in
You're one of the few who shines bright Happy Birthday mam !!!
Ay amor
My pleasure
He said I was the best decision ever made
So baby, it's not Chen IG ya
And the show begins! Tokyo Japanese
Hello. This is the SALC schedule for this week. Please feel free to join. SALC will be closed from October
I think be in bed by midnight.
Katlyn and I made a youtube video, you guys should check it out.
Jongup's Instagram post
"I had fun"
thank you for the follow. Have a fabulous week.
Awwww thank you so much such an awesome person but most of all friend
Gets naman natin eh
(sina)
G-night Twitterville!
God bless!!
Sweet dreams!!!
Enjoy your day hanbinnieee
Thankssss you know gotta have big titty energy frfr
Thank you for that Sir Fred Calustre Jr.
I said laboral tear, but repaired.
You're greatly appreciated
Ladies first
We accept bae, you did none wrong where is Canela
More audiobooks for sure!
so loved
Who would pass on a hug from Chucky?
I wait to watch Christmas movies on Hallmark
Sunday Afternoon chill with Bok at the park Desert
happy birthday, godbless!
Buenas noches Haiydi y que tengas buen inicio de semana
i will die if what asking
Tak pelawe. Haish
A perfect Spring day How's the weather on your end?
I get my Invisalign tomorrow & I just wait
the answer is yes sir
okay
Some of the best friends you could ever have are like this. I am blessed enough to have a few.
Good things are worth waiting for
me
Just a reminder for voters
If changes are happening and excited
Just checking
First shake. 30 days to make these gains
Let me fade away.
When I seen his smile , I smiled his smile so pretty
send you an Uber back home stop being the narrative is that lazy until I pull up on you
thank you for the follow. Have a wonderful week.
That is a good idea. I need to figure out what I want to do with it.
welcome bub Tell me itlf it worked. we can find another method if not. Fighting!
Thank you
Lords mobile
Can't wait!
Oh my goodness! Thank you
Just renewed my license for another year of Happy happy joy joy!!!
Cute and adorable!
Thank you, it certainly is
He is serving military
im happy
Time for Star Wars Resistance
Dear classmates,
Sorry. Wa koy load karun. Ugma napud puhon ha
They were very thankful.
And not the type to ask for things. If i do, i make sure to pay for the items because i want to be a burden
Is it just me that usually the youngest is the sweetest?
Nancy is sweetest and the clingiest
Looking forward to supporting you and your work. Your cosplays look amazing
Great taste in TV there,
Can you gues which song that belong every single of EXO's power?
Halloween is an exclusively US invention, Dean But the global spread of US TV/movies has led to
welcome
This show is everything!
Thank you very much...
Feliz
Yes. My first ever fanfiction.
Yes miss with PTX but Avi is happier now. His happiness is what matters most.
Good Morning Have a Nice Day
Good morning, friends
see photos for description and text or call (606)682-4008 with any questions and fastest response.. thanks and have a great day!
If you love someone, you gotta make a move
Thank you Joseph
Happy monday!! Stay happy, stay blessed, dont stress too much, and let nobody ruin you day/week!
Yung photo po? Okay lang po but please crop out the watermark
It was simply breathtaking.
Good morning
My favorite time of the week! with my favorite guy on tv !
That is great news very happy to hear hope life gets back to somewhat normal for both of you.
gracias gracias gracias graciassssssssss
For new follower
Yes, of couuuuurse.
Good morning
The fan project, yes
be watching also!
Thank you
have a great day
Congrats its working
You bet we are! I'm happy to meet you.
Love as much as you could
giving us so much content and I ain't complaining. Gotta listen to it later after work training
Don't complain, smile, breathe, relax, and let it go
Goodmorning
Lmao Chelsea destined
D tayo close... pero naging kaklase kita hehehe// ang ganda mooo ur also tall- wish u all the best
These tweets were great! Thanks for including mine congrats everybody
The principle is competing against yourself. It's about self improvement, about being better than you were the day before
Good morning
Btw that's banter no a declaration of war
the series of questions bombarded at me for the past hour. this is my life. and i prayed for this. there's no turning back. hello, self!
Enjoyed having my family stay with me. It was like old times I tell ya
You're a good person, Leader.
you really are such a great person, thank you for being you I couldn't be anyone else. thank you and you're
That is adorable !
Shs po!
If anyone wants my bday dress let me know
praying for you parin...
I've request to follow you on Instagram
People in their 20s and up who think it's cool to be trash in relationships by cheating, lying etc. Can't relate
Sorry to be this way everyone but I just remembered that very cross with you for one reason or another
done cashapp: $itsmayapapaya
positive sa pregnancy test is way better that positive morning
Aww thank you so much!
Lovely! We hope you had a good time in
7.6 billion ppl around the world pero sya lang talaga gusto ko.
Hi Christian!!!
Hopefully you come to the best city in the world, which is Melbourne but on a more important note,
Thank you for follow me.stay bless
He still has the guitar i made him! That's so sweet!
Never fail to make me happy everyday Thank you
He not my type. But he running my life with his charismatic leader Im glad i found someone
Bro get off my shit
I called my cousin today who lives in Saskatchewan, and had a wonderful chat. Its been years. I'm glad she's doing well.
I just love when I tell someone my ideas and I end up not being friends with them anymore and they my idea :) I absolutely love it
positive sa pregnancy test is way better than positive morning
Fb?
This is great! Thanks for sharing!
Successful baby shower thank u for everyone who showed !!!! Baby Zach is overwhelmed with love and support
Thank you
We love you too! Thank you for giving me things to look forward to
The Riz Doctor
Club tonight with ricardo . Im wiiiiiit it
sempre atual
Kinda the same
You're the best! Thank you, Papi
Fb?
municipal elections day. Be sure to cast your vote.
Proud fantasy owner here
- this new season looks like a doozy. one of the only shows hubs and I actually enjoy together!
*every weekend!
But yes this weekend was
Nice to see the bears where they belong
spirit week for Lyfe so excited
OMG me neither!
thank you
If the bed is half as good as it looks, I'll be happy. great hotel so far Hotel
the video they shared after the first episode with all the guest stars. in there
Reminder: School will not be in session Monday, October 22nd.
Make time to read!
vamos con todo amigo
Thanks!
They're around, you'll find them eventually
I like it when you ask for photos
Yup
Lovely straight blowdry I did today tried to give it as much volume as I could
Thank you so much!!
Nothing makes me more happy that happy
He still has the guitar I made him! That's so sweet!
Fb?
Everyone have their own struggles. Shut your butt off and focus on yourself.
Berani Jujur itu Hebat..Bu Ratu
They care your life doin,they only care how rich you are
I feel accomplished, i was very productive today
Happy birthday
No problem
Payback time
Having to portion your meals sucks but hopefully the results are worth it
SATIN LIPSTICK AVAILABLE SHADES
(2) RED RIBBON
(2) MARSALA ROBE
(2) PINK BOMBER
what I said!
Pax is so close.. its gonna be good to get away, i really need it!! can't wait to see all the awesome people
Finished all my homework before 10 know how to act and I been out all day
99 percent of the time I listen to music. my happy time if I run with someone we will chat/no
Well, noticed that smiles and a simple doing goes SUCH a long way Kids love to be seen, and
It always makes me happy to see other mamas happy
Happy birthday
Well ... The solution does require tech that
thankyou mamsh
weekly:
Check it out!
Fb?
I love kissing especially someone who knows how to kiss that nasty, passionate, tongue all down each throats kissing
Let's get out there! Where exactly...
Thank you for the follow as well have a great day!
thank you lovely
SHYYYY??HSJSBDBSNSBJSBS
I'm happy for your friend they really deserve it
Very often, men who have baby mama drama are the actual problem. shoot the messenger, just keep away from those men
Mfs steady announcing they finna be home ok
HBD Cat, hope had a great day!!
Great for you
Hello unnie! Wang Yireon is here, let's be friend and have a little chit-chat wimme
Mfs straight threatened to put me out for some shit I didn't do... I just love how I'm literally getting played left & right
Replaced my black leather coat tonight, a happy camper
ORDER MO DIHA
Determined I was Him or nothing, unless something bigger came along. I am still so happy
Done
A3 High Gloss Posters 230gsm thickness.
2 BTS
1Jungkook
1V/Taehyung
1 Blackpink
Thank You very Much Erica Pamis
Ideya Mo, Print Ko
Meet Jessica, Queen of the Underboob (34 Photos)
Thank you
Thank you for existing Thank you sa pag-appreciateeee
Damn that was only a but a woman with great taste in music is very attractive Preciate it
You dyed your hair? So cool
Opps! I stand corrected, OMG! IT'S The dancing King Lee JongHyun!
beautiful family have a safe travel back in the philippines
I will be in Dublin at the same time as It's meant to be
Happy Birthday Spencer
why so cute? aww thanks. ikaw din naman
Goodmorning
She sure does
Aun es de mis canciones favoritas y que pase lo que pase me ponen de buenas.
Daan tayo dito fam..
Kisses Delavin
Donny Pangilinan
Good Morning
a song for I Don't Wanna Love You Anymore by LANY
Some throwbacks of my baby boy, Shawn and I from 2006, 2012 and two from now 2018
Fb?
ATL in the morning
Hmmm, or I could just fly to Singapore or Hong Kong for a few days. sure something will come up
Hi Aru !
Pawwaves.
Love BeeGee
Hope life is treating you well.
Haha I noticed that!
Getting over my fears one fear at a time
I even have to read it, we forgive you
and I actually grew up a Giants fan but interned with the Jets so I root for both. thanks for your concern tho
OktoberPraise 2018
At JCSIA Bankers , 03:00PM
This Sunday na yan, October 28,2018
See you there!!!
Had the BEST weekend with the BEST people. The grind to finish my 3000 word assignment starts when I wake up. Life is good
You deserve that bright smile Kim Hanbin
It sure is!
Pay off debts buy a small apartment in Denver and the rest I would give to kids with a more serious case of cerebral palsy.
Nor does the committee that makes the rules care about your feelings
Best is to ignore them & focus on important
Together We Caz We Make Two
He seems to have a makeup there!
I wait to my students on Tuesday to talk about this book!
I sure do take a good picture
Fb?
We love Hiichan and team 8 fans!! We love Team 8, they are very united as good friends and a team.
My best wishes for them.
Lovely
Current $QTUM price: $4.53
We checked! Binance registration is currently open
Thanks for coming out today!
Let me guess...his name is Bucky!
Definitely! Haha thank you
So excited
you deserve it and so much more! hage-san is truly amazing and inspiring thank you so much for
Come to Seattle!
Thank you lol
grew up COGIC!!!
I think this is one of the best hotels to stay
Good morning
been waiting to shoot my shot all day! Wussup?
Patut timeline sunyi. Get well soon cik teh. You still owe me a dish in Penang. JKJK.
I don't love doing it but I'm glad I got it done
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Having your own garden suddenly entitles you to freely cook a bowlful of gabi
Perspective!
Mr. Tushman: Auggie can't change how he looks. Maybe we should change how we see. - Wonder
Sobre ontem
What sploot- bummie?!
I know excited! One of the few musicians really been wanting to see
3 years apart
Good night Andie sweet dreams I hope you get some wonderful rest God bless you beautiful lady
RT Today was really nice
We set off with the TARDIS build early for
Thank you!!
Dang....that's an adorable friend! You are blessed.
Still a win Jerry
Happy birthday
Namove yung exam sa fridayyyyyyyyy
Selamat hari santri
Was going to bring this out at but I'm also feeling it tonight. Trying something different.
I just wanna be left alone
Get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off your order with
from Poland have a great day!!^^
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
If you're happy and you know it do a spin
I want black ops 4 hint hint
Thanks but it was painted by a professional.
Hye lovelies, here come our annual free eye test for you. Please contact the number for more information.
My level of not giving a fuck is at an all time high rn
damn soo you gonna finally come german
they are monsta x's hyungwon and changkyun (I.M)
That was a great night. I sure did take a good picture!
Happy happy birthdaaaay! You probably dont know me anymore hehe. Anyways, have a blast and keep smiling mwa
Have lunch with us today,
It was
thanks ty
Same! ggs
Good morning
Headed to Boston tomorrow for the first time since middle school
We always use iPad Pro
Still glad to have friends who checks on me everyday i love you all. Sana di kayo magbago pero kahit may
Congratulations Keri! Very proud of you! Just pre-ordered my copy!
Hello Neerja
not really haha this is the first one done in about 3 years
Luke Danes was a Sox fan!!!
mucho mejor, amo los nombres originales
I had fun in Orlando this weekend
TYSM for the RT
Air Force has a new uniform & I get mine tomorrow
Little tough to see, but I loved this costume. Had me fooled!
Fighting!!!
Excited for tomorrow
I really care how cold it is or even the fact that anemic I still need the fan on full blast. Thanks
Maybe the night
Yummy!
Thank you arnie for loving mayward...
U choose the right fandom
wait to watch your vlog
My heart is so happy
Awww, didn't know about that.
FLBP is a holiday I look forward to every Monday
Ready for a fresh start
I honestly see wht such a big deal. You were a CHILD. Keep being awesome!
this is so kind! thank you angel
I wanna make one for my man
Hmmmm.... Starting the week right.
Happy Monday Everyone.
Morning
Girls wearing glasses are usually undercover superheroes (52 Photos)
I'll call you ate from now on.
It's the little things. Appreciate it.
Waiting for my turn
When you find $20 in your wallet..happy!!
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
Izin copas ukht...
A mild Sunday night -Learn how to squirt
Thank you!
Anytime now
All I know is , I still love Alden and Maine. Hindi na mababago yun.
Thanks Pat!
6 months Netflix for a very low price! Ultra HD. Dm or comment. Legit
It's okay to be ignored, really
The best kind of road.
good thing it's not THEIR wedding it's YOUR wedding therefore YOU do whatever YOU want for YOUR wedding screw them!
is just another word for years of hard work and practise
Someday, someone will love me and treat me right. Someday, this girl infront of you who's crying right now will never cry for you anymore.
He is wending his way through ancient hip flasks and vintage decanters and ashtrays like a pro.
Happy birthday I'm sure you had an amazing one in the Maldives
Perfect! mostly avoiding vanpoli today anyways.
Rest up and get better Ian.
I liked it - the father daughter relationship and the fascination about alien life -exacellent portrayal of both
Thanks it looks great on you so I might consider it
Thank you Goddess I am so glad I was kind of afraid to post it
was soooooo gooood. I feel so inspired
Night walks
Bitches test my gangster
different people have different point of view
When will it be....
Live Laugh Love
Sunday chicken dinner. Thanks Ina. Bermuda Dunes, California
sorry cheer you up tomorrow love you here if you need me
Previous year, this day
I don't usually watch but when I do I get happy from her setup
You welcome Ellis, you deserve it!
By being yourself, you put something wonderful in the world that was not there before.
well I let hate affect me so wasting her time
Hasta que vistieron decentemente a la chef betty
I want to get my butt chewed but I think going to take shooting lessons.
Good ass sundayy
Yes mamsh.
goodmorning
Thank you for this ga I vote early in the morning
shrimp & grits for dinner
Lol...yeah. Taking 10 from band rehearsal
replied to u more than once and he quote retweeted instead of just replying so he is
Never interrupt the enemy while they are in the process of destroying themselves. Who said this?
If youre reading this..... i wanna go on a date where we eat and watch movies then we fuck until we pass out
The Masterpiece Sketch Portrait By
Artist maralart95
.
.
Don't be pushed by your problems. Be led by your dreams.
Ingat palagi Kuya Pao! Miss you!
Bitch wack, a hoot to be around . Just ask my friends (libra)
We wanted to believe . But he got his cash and his internship and hopefully we now have a
Thanks!
Happy Birthday Boss and many more in the future
I Think I Need a BREAK Till ChrisTmas
Muchas gracias!!
Feliz Make this go on forever
I love you Dalton!
Lottery, Good Sex & Happiness
Rest and Relax the Tour can wait ! Your health is what is most important now .
You've been added
Good morning
Life is better when you stop caring too much. So relax.
Starts Tomorrow!
Back to reality na si ipai
thank god bless din hazel
& by itself
no day like Hump Day
I just love not having anyone to talk to
ops as tags
Luv pink
Much better than the first one .. for me especially yung kay nads suits her style talaga .
Good morning Have a nice week. All the best and goodluck for your work. Fighting fighting!! /
post any pics in a while so 4
Someone go watch Halloween with me
Finally happy
Morita, Pinola y De la Cruz...
But now I have to find a gold star bag
Thanks so much
tell Beau thanks for saying that Minnesota people are so nice
inhale the good shit exhale the bull shit
Fair play. My 'a' is MIA.
I love my true friends and our conversations. They keep me smiling and put life in perspective ~Sctonda Kelly
Gracias por todas tus palabras bonitas
I love you
[UPDATE]
BATCH 5 STATUS as of now.
Sorry, I like working out at gyms! But remember if I ever change my mind
Morning
i work at joe maxx coffee company on st rose & spencer! make whatever you want on a latte
Thank you Capt! Have a nice day!
I want my parents to adopt a child
be to God.
I'm from England
soon, worry
Absolutely!! Even before that if you two wanted
so welcome and I appreciate that really sweet of you!
Morning bebeboy
Whatever it is, if I can... I will. Whatever you ask, I will... if I can.
Armed Forces apart of more than youll ever know
He is well looked after anyway. You've even got him a fleece blanket
I literally want to scream right now
Morning
I peep everything
sudah up
De hoje !!
Esta es como que la hice yo...
La cagai fachx Conchetumare
Happy Wolf Awareness Week
Thanks Tim!!
hello oomfs u might be confused this is i changed bc mohae happened
Ah.. Oo.. Hehe. Thank you.
| Kisses Delavin
early but! My MCM I really like his voice.
Thank you for the kind words! That makes my day!
time for Soul Caliber with with some hunts later! Hosting now!
we can ask anyone to be our date? Hey there!! Yes ofcourse
Think I might take myself to the movies tomorrow
aww thanks boo! you da bessssst
your fanfic. are superb kya mast stories likhi hai tumne ki... .....u have fabulous writing skills
You ever stop I'm going to come looking for you.
udh up
Going to treat my mom and baby brother to this bomb ass burger place
I can manage myself alone.
Ended community day with 19 shiny beldum Also, thank you and for a super fun Sunday,
I NEED YOU MORE
Lezz get it!
.
.
Thank you
shiba inu dog
Why yes. Yes it was
I love you Terrence
I am just seeing this. Dr Abah it will be nice to have you on the train
well going back to my bed
hey at least pretty
un concierto ... Gracias
Reposting
even baby is enjoying it
Woulda coulda shoulda now shut that pie hole
But yay for Actor Doh new award!!! so proud of you, as always, bab
I did and responded
I hear ya. I do it too.
3 months ha?
Estoy muy tranquilo esperando a
The Underdog I love it
'Thamudu Helmet' Short Film Release Now
Yeah, yeah, and I love anything Dorothy Parker says.
Sounds great!!
Thank you
Love it!
Enjoy the train ride. How nice to have a long adventure after you arrive to keep you and your mind occupied.
Hi doin good thanks! Hope you are well too
I'm Glad for YOU OZ THAT YOUR FEELING A LITTLE BETER..AND..IM HAPPY YOU HAVE THE
Itsmy birthday yey!! sana this time mapansin mona ako
child I wanna kill somebody at this very damn moment
Thanks lady! Miss you - plan an adventure? After Marine Corps of course
It appears you are 100% fact free. Keep up the good work
Opening today
Sandra Brown, seeing red. If you have important things to accomplish in the next few days, I don't recommend it
Thank you
RT
I might be spending it with you.
Random sketches of my oc for practice.
maraming salamat po
Thank you soo much..
Definitely!
Congrats
Chatukchak seee you tomorrow
Gracias por hacer esto, realmente espero poder ganar
So I finished my weekend art project
I hope you like it
i pls someone force to tomorrow
How cute! Thank you
Passando pra dizer BOA NOITE!
If You Don't Text Me,
I'll Understand
If You Don't Call Me,
I"ll Understand
If I Forgot You,
You'll Understand
I know how you feel don't give up you are doing awesome
Awww
I'm back
Thank you rosieee! Thanks for giving me the present!
Goodmorning
Congratulation
NEVER!!
Hala . Hahaha . Search ko sha . thank you be . miss you .
Emotions girls experience in 24 hours
Emotions guys experience in 24 hours
That
Kang Daniel smile very adorable,thank you
WWE 2K19 is always fun with even if i lose most of the time..
Yes naman active
it's earlier than i thought
Now I'm listening to Your Song again.
It's hot but these sexy flannels are hotter (36 Photos)
Selamat
Here comes my
Congratulations
ARMY u
Goodmorning
grant me a new phone oh wish genie i been with tmobile 5ever
i sent you a fr bud im half decent at pvp
I'll try my best
Be Clingy If You Want & Watch Me Cut You Tf Off
What a sweet time for your family.
Yes, you're right. I can be myself and that's was my wish since I was little.
Go to my profile
Click the link in my bio
Drag your finger across the screen
welcome
It's a good morning
Smile is a curve that sets everything straight
Ooh I love the flats
Sound advice.
Always!! Thanks G
Thank you!
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
We're so glad to hear helps you rock your
That was cute
Uber costs too much Use $20 credit for users The code you need to enter UBER20COMP
Congratulations on the great acting in episode.
I love when I can genuinely laugh at my mistakes & move on with it, instead of dwelling on my short comings
Boa noite!
life doesn't get easier, you just need to be stronger.
have a good day everyone!
Somebody hmu . Like this
Love taking a shower and smoking a blunt with the heat blasting
Laban lng yot
BTW this is just from him hitting me with his so perfectly okay and not pissed at all
With God, we are unstoppable!
definitely succeeding
Thank you! Just wanted to give a little back to the pogo community
Thank you!! perfectly captured my story. I love it!
Try joy.
Happy Monday!
ITS TIME
Good morning dear Ashu Ashu ji if u r there in the opening the festival then i ll come to
I'm a large man, it affords me a certain latitude
Goodmorning
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
espero poder ganar
Ya girl might get discovered without even trying and in love !
Cada dia mais seletiva
Just FAV this and I'll answer everything
Is that because will be holding his severed instead?
The Trump Family Legacy
I can't wait
I had too, I missed you guys
Wait until Thanksgiving though
You are very welcome
Why are these so adorable
Wish you were here
Sadly. But I can be the realest person you know though.
Thanks Mel not so sure you would have approved of the 40 degree weather but it felt fantastic to run in
Sounds like you're humanly human.
The Scorch Trials
Thank you! Maybe I'll read it later this week
So about to open a bottle of red wine, eat cheese balls and watch naruto. All I need now is someone to suck my right tit
Queridos su servicio de Internet APESTA!
ahora en Dear Directv: Your internet service really SUCKS!
Feliz noche
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
So Delicious Chocolate Cookies and Cream. All of their flavors are good though
thank you po
thank you miles!!
Come over
hahaha some things are better kept private but not secret whoo happy for u abiiii!!!!
it's a fact!
Morning..
Also congrats and welcome!!
Welcome
Go go go rockets
GO JAMES HARDEN
all my bills paid I feel good but broke
welcome I hope you feel better soon.
I hate you
Muito black
Omg can I get two please of them together? You can simplify their designs if need be
This week will be great
"I'm-" disappointed in humanity? Hoping for their success
Aweee Dillon you look so happy!!
I can finally go over my Japanese now that on break from uni
33 to 6 to be exact
Family is everything
I got that
Today was perfect
Pour pas changer
Still love you
Awhhhh she called me bby
El hilo rojo
Thank you it very simple to make if you like I can pass along the recipe
all that matters. Good to see you acknowledge what you were doing and how you can fix it
Nice
Double date in the future
Yeah
Sunday is the best day for lingerie (58 Photos)
Boa noite!
Lot more complicated than that.
I just wanna be happy and I'll hurt anybody that get in the way of my happiness time to put me first for once
afraid to be neighborly and share it with ur great neighbors 2 houses down
Oh my goodness have fun that sounds like good times
Sweet a rider thank you
One of the ways I cope is by Baking Enormous Bread, apparently. Could be worse, I guess.
sigh grateful
I think about amazon thank you!! some horror ones on Etsy I want but a little out of my price range rn
Republican, take the leap. Or just follow A and start researching them you will know for yourself.
Thanks for the follow.Following back.
His smile forget the money .. yeahhh the song fye. Did I say his smile
Welcome.
Pasko na sa ABS-CBN!
welcome love
As we all are. Ganda ng love story nila.
naks 2 years na bunso oh i think its time for you to update your policy and start ulit from scratch Happy
I'll be waking you up prayer partner
not as experienced with it but yes & yes
I can give you some ethers, If you help us build a better rest api framework
thank you
You got this! good luck!
sure you can my door is always open
Dele sorrindo.
Lovely
Have not seen but sharing for you.
Hey Miss Shelby! Keep on fighting the good fight til' November and beyond!!!
Sent you a DM..
Awh, thanks yo
I think the rightful owner needs to be acknowledged
wait till this pregnancy over & I get this dna test done
de mais cedo
thank you po
Mas cute mi
All smiles
Thank you
Goodmorning! Have a nice and great day. Smile like them
i kno she smell so good i love a bby scent
First round pick
nots da naughtiest Alfie, nots bys a long shot
Evidence of non-citizen in person voting? Four in 2016. Percentage of 0.000002. Huge impact
Thanks for the follow. Following back.
Yas wait
Lovely
EPISODE GOD, I HAVE SIN AGAIN. Lol, WHY THE DEVIL MAKE DO I'M JUST SAYING
The last cat well could be red, right?
No more of that, God! No more... Good Morning!
Suerte a todas
Please introduce me your no SAVAGE friends!
You are the reason why I feel like Im going to love art, too because you love art YOU ARE ART
Happy birthday bro... I wish you all the best this year and every year to come .. .. and hope
Thank you Globe for these free doughnuts!
Thanks Cori for being my 7K follower
Yes
Chase, back on Twitter cause of you !!! GO !!! BLUE !!! Great game Saturday !!!! And you sir are so funny
Excited for this! in MV for Himig Handog 2018
I love how this wig makes me look like a young 18 year old.
Awwww its a good game but I like your boobs just as much. Keep posting
You are always oh so sweet
Haha maybe I deserve a block. Not a permanent one but a block nonetheless.
Thanku
Soon everything will be better
Hair can be quite nutritious, you know. You just need a lot of moisture so it goes down smoothly
I FEEL SO ATTACKED RN! YES, I want to relax like and with you JIMIN
Love it
I really want to watch them on live action, especially Sasuke
i know, i'm quite special sometimes
Man good choice. The weird ones are the best
thank you nic!
We did experience non stop attempts recruit, us.
I definitely prefer the body high
I ask this same question daily
dts? Aka down to snuggle, because yo girl could use some bout now
Hyuck's answers are so mature and endearing one of the infinite reasons i love him
But of course! Text me. Also still my soccer hero.
been sleeping all thru the night......wow
Kim Hanbin trending at no. 2 in PH
Thankyouuu bebe Godbless
Can't wait for Nov 11 to come it will be an amazing day for me
Me and in 2006.
Dang I was skinny back then
Got my full Gambit armor set
I hope your wish comes true! And an early Happy Birthday from New York...enjoy
I fight, not argue BITCHES KNOW ME PERSONALLY
Ini bukan
Thank you Wayne! I really appreciate your kind words
So happy you love the music! to stay positive always we all can help each other with our strengths
Never not funny still.
OMG same here! I watch every episode twice!
Costume design nlang muna ako for now... GRADE 9 ballroom and Modern..
I also want to see in top 5 along with him
Thank You
Passed my last quiz
goodmorning
My PlayStation account is the same as my Twitter account so add me up
Second picture be a good profile pic
Ice Boo
Congratulations on the great acting in episode. Btw, I really love the color
you go be happy because I'm incandescently happy back to my night.
But yelling at a politician can be an enticing addendum ... like on the way to the booth.
Thank You
Good morning
Happy Monday
Back home and at peace
Haha that was hilarious!
Holly shit!!!! I am speechless
Maybe you should talk about retraining your staff on how to remove racist passengers
Son hermosas! Mil gracias :3
lol i wish i was a youtuber
Now I have a plan this Thursday
Goodmorning
Morning
My happiness
He is like child
real__pcy
weareone.exo
I fixed it welcome
welcome
Got my stuff from The charm is probably one of my favorites I have
The pick 6!! Hate to see it.
Now just plain teasing
EPISODE GOD, I HAVE SIN AGAIN. Lol, WHY THE DEVIL MAKE DO I'M JUST SAYING
Awh, I think that's the best smile yet! ...better days ahead!
Whether by yourself or with someone, always take the kind of love that brings peace to your heart and soul.
Thank u
Yo i gotta say having your mom and lola as your besties r the best
Shyla Stylez Cumshot Compilation - Part 1
Peace and forgiveness.
Hooray for a new week! God's grace is more than enough for you to be sustained this week. How can we pray for
Lead by example
Morning
My happiness
He is like child
Current fitness cutie proves that sometimes gaining weight is the answer you need (16 Photos)
I was being sarcastic
AND LEARN TO READ! THANKS
Do you like mythology? What mythological creature do you prefer? yes,,, si magayon po
Motivation for today:
Ps: Thank you guys
hope doing great my friend..these Night games are killin me! Lol
I am not mad at you, but I will get mad at you if you keep telling people I am mad at you and assume why I am mad at you.
Thank you
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Appreciated Booksale even more now that a mom.
good morning nani
Awww Kuhn ~ kuhngyeol ship is alive
good morning bro
Thank u so much for
these words archu
Liberty teachers, check out this project! Would be a great idea for our students
Please, let this be a good week.
Thx. going to see my new great niece and nephew. I wait
Thank you!
Dinner with a bunch of folks.
good good. stayed home and relaxed ya know
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
Big wings are 'in' this year, Rhonda! All the best angels have then.
Yes, and the flux kit is also well with profile rda
And it's "#Wotofo"
Thank you Chiefs
Meet with Me at
lacey duvalle mexican raw porn swedish porn undressing porn
Anytime, what we are here for
You're welcome!
I always play the banker so I can slide myself extra bills.
I've never lost a game either.
This is awesome
Not going to work tomorrow
It looks good on you Charlestown, Massachusetts
Thank you Love you toooo!
()
Congrats, Gabby Eigenmann for a other recognition!
Just take a deep breath and walk away.
You, or in the show?
U really pulled out that card pakyo wa ko kasagang HAHAHAHAHHHAHHA
Hey Pat!! when you come to Argentina? I need The Maine here please!!
Better not or resurrect you and kill you again
You got your verification !
Thank you
Me and John Shumake love the same punk songs first thing John asked me was do I know the band MxPx
Gracias amor
Liberty teachers, check out this project! Would be a great idea for our students
Ayyo it was a joke. Remember the advise I gave you a few months back? Be less intense, relax & enjoy life
Weekend outing! eating dinner with my love at Famous Hamburger
She is. And as sweet and kind as you can imagine
Thx, Cindy. going to see my new great niece and nephew and kiss their little feet
Get you a girl that FaceTimes you when your favorite song comes on
Hos wish for it
is being made on our under the Trump administration
Someday I want to have friends here on alter. And then we'll go out drink, drive, hangout, tell our life stories, party together, etc.
welcome
Muchas gracias amigo
See. You applied common sense n all is well
Niggas bout to be legal to drink
Following and shared!
You hate me? Well, i hate me too
Uploading Manila Fame shots soon.
Thanks trigga Trey!!! Happy birthday to you too. I hope you enjoyed your special day as well
Wakey, Wakey Sweety!
It's Monday! Have an awesome day!
Actually, you had it right the first time. Hosting me and my krewe is correct
Yh ladies
We appreciate the noods
Send them
And not letting my kid meet just anybody..... I gotta warm up to you before I let what I love bless you with their presence
te falta esto
Okay thanks
Done w my laundry I'm thinking of cooking something for lunch
Merci beaucoup
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness
[YOUTUBE]
STREAM - What Makes You Beautiful
Views - 997M
Goal - 1B
3M More to go
Keep up the good
Beautiful sunset, its my first time to see a sunset
I hear very big in Japan!
MUCHAS GRACIAS
We love the Choi bros
Miss them days
Hit the gym, the women will show you how (11 Gifs)
Happy Happy Birthday Love I love youu & I miss youu
Greys for the night
Being a good human is definitely part of your fundamental success
Me you should come sit with me at work
Who wants to spend the day with me and Mila Saturday? I have the day off and have no plans..
She makes it look way too easy (Video)
Now theyre together and Mangadugta ratang tanan.
failing my accounting class and making me stress like never been stressed before
I would like to be this confident in my talent one day
I plan to write you everyday so be ready for it
take mine tonight at dinner
This was our road trip and hiking today
Hi notice me po?
Schedule food deliveries when they're convenient for you! Enjoy 30% off your order with this
boa noite armygas fica essa
The Weeknd always puts me in my feels
You mad happy Queens, New York
The best revenge is no revenge. Move on and be happy.
Starting my fast tomorrow really excited!
somebody buy me the revair air dryer. only $400
take mine at dinner tonight
Mis lindas
Very good
Maybe help Chris find Bigfoot in Louisiana? Run into Shelby Stanga.
Bloomin Onion
Hi, I'm selling Arctic Sehun.
Pls RT above tq
thanks
please dm me if you can.
Gg nicely done my friend
Okay, thank youuu
If u need a Freaky Deaky ticket, I know a guy that has a few hard copies for sale,lmk
Comfort food for me : Bread
Good morning my favorite
welcome to 1892!! Goodnight
wala to, wala to
I've always liked the way look
you as well!! Thank you
You short Saad? You probably so young you hit that growth spurt yet.
Monday thought:
Fix your eyes to Jesus! Keep loving, love. You'll never run out and you can't go wrong with
honestly i dont even know yet
Thank you for this
Goodmorning
I wanna go
I our Offense but a pick and a score by The Deffense is quiet special
Thank you ha for unwavering support.
Astig mo kuya
Thank you, sponsors and performers!
Good morning
My baby repping the right team Suck it and
I should be thanking you for contributing to one of my favorite movies.
Lmao. Just venting. Good point though.
Just ordered Dominos my last week as a stay at home Mommy imma treat myself
No, Thank YOU!
Thanks Cha
Thank God most of the negative commenters on this tweet are NOT FL voters. handle this. Vote RED.
I miss a lot of things but I did know Soros was Jewish.
When and Salt-N-Pepa come together
it only took me 2 hours to re-do my faux locs this time...proud moment
Congrats po!
Ok
Ima put a ring on it
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
A new job!!! Also healing for both my parents
Suroy suroy after SFC RECON
Hehe thanks, my middle name was kind of a last-minute pick but I'm really happy with it. Always
Thank you
544- your tweets them funny, you seem like someone I could just reason with too
Ser Fiel No Es Ser Bobo, Es Saber Valorar!!
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off
Of course!
NARDS! The guts & the nuts! Licka-Licka-Licka my balls! Loved meeting you
so amazing tbh
tried to flex .. only to be hilariously humbled
It's awesome to see my friends from elementary and middle school following me on Instagram, as they most likely remember me from the past.
Yeah. Your welcome
Twitter! Does anyone have any good audiobook recs?
Congratulations to you two!
BOA TERRA .
RELOGIOS
CHOCOLATES
BANKING
OURO NAZI
I love how Peaches is still fking things up for Joseph from beyond the grave.
It's a sun shiney day, and the girls are at it! What they do best! Have a whale of a time! Cheers.
I need new friends who text back because not trying to be in my room
And then switch for the second date
the twibbon link. In case gusto nyo po gamitin.
We got the same last name he my long lost cousin
drink some chamomile, or anything warm
thanks you for sharing your time with us
So happy to be on the today! I had a fun conversation with
Thank you senior!
Good morning.
Yummy in the Tummy. Thank you Gelson's
I see it's 38-7, so that's a lot of fun.
you're welcome! a credit would be nice too fam
Kasama nga si Maine sa GMA Station ID ngayon.
so cool
Ouuuu bout to put this corn bread on this ice cream
My blue hair boy and kookie
happy birthday Christian hope youre having a great one!
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
How cute!!
Looking good, both of you!
cuute
chamberlain
I know how to pose properly. I make myself look way bigger anwhenever I try, like idk how to use angles
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
I had a lil fun for this spread the sticker says kind over I wrote some reminders to
right
Can't wait for Last time was great, and I feel this time will be even better
Love it
Kimchi Everyone Order na I have only 11 tubs on hand 129 only!
The nap I took was lovely
good and happy to hear that doing good
this book! I read to to Grade 5s as well
Thanks Jennifer it was a beautiful fall day for a run
Nag soundtrip..
hurt to try.
Your welcome
I peeped
My type of night view
CTTO: OTHER PERSPECTIVES
Almost at the finish line
What goes around comes around
Good Morning
Good morning peeps
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts
Have a great day
Canon Shipping
If this world is free..
You will never see me twice
GM my baby Art
Your smile make my happy every day
Fighting, my Dear Art !
Sending you a hug across the Bay
Thanks for the praise, we couldn't agree more! You forgot about our awesome customer service though! *Amy
Awww Thank you Ave. And I know be lying to myself if I say she be a diva
hey do you have some paintings?
Thanks for the hype amazing lol
This is a drawing I did of doll from black butler and I fell in love with it once I got done with it
Thank you!!
daily reminder i love a handsome man
Fix your broken heart first
Thank you Sugar
Good Morning
Hello sunshine Please give us your brighter smile for today. By evening u can cry all day long
Boutta start charging know who are
Date with Me at
celebrity porn prostate massage viv thomas camgirl dont
Home away from home
mention
Buying new for one day use? Get DIY costume and decoration inspiration from other members in the
Nope, but I feel good! all about feeling good in your body naturally at any age I eat super healthy which
congratulations
It's easy to see why!!
Thanks but I dont need to lose weight
Thank you, true!
One of my favorite things about God
As it should. He sounds awesome
Yes. For sure. Lol u thought it was funny too.
Eye Soothing Wardrobe Malfunction Of Sexy Ladies
Good girl Love you!!!! Going to Delta Friday. You going with???
update: it went well and we set another one for next week!
I love their pictures and videos from onstage just looking at them gives me a feeling of being on top of the world
I should just go into marketing/pr aha
I did it for DChi and now doing it for my job
Thank you!
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
We all have that one great love na imposible nating makalimutan
Yes yes
Welcome
I love you jimin and jk
Sorry not sorry
Sounds like a plan! I wish. One of these days we do gotta hang out and watch anime though!
Super akka good morning akka
$500 worth of gift cards and I only paid $200, what a deal!
Wado I am so grateful you read the book and took the time to post a review.
facts kill for mine
I love talking to my cousin
I just wanna be great... along with everyone on my team dats it!
Spread love. No hate
Oh you make so many people SO happy!!! Thanks so much for performing at the to
Day 21 of being positive now negative thoughts hardly ever cross my mind.
Also, doing exercise and eating healthy food reduces stress and just makes your body and mind work better with time
My daughter is only 2 & has flown to Louisiana to see her roots when she was 1 planning our next trip for March I wait
Thanks
Good morning
I and my lovely Sister
As long as he's top 10, we good it's hard to save tho
Everyone play, I want to see your answers. Or not ... Whatever
How many kids: Nope .... 1 fur baby
How old are
chimmy and Tata
God bless you! flight fight fight!
Thanks
Thank you prima!
Got my flu shot yesterday at Walgreens pharmacy
Thank you
Cuties.
goodmorning ppl
Por nada.
very welcome! here if ever like to talk
Thanks
Good Morning Tweeps !! Keep fighting Monday Blues and Keep Calm !!
Been a week since my emotional meltdown in Timezone and Stacie laughed at me such a good friend
We welcome our Beautiful daughter Isabella Holland to the world with my wife Melissa S Holland!!!!
Thanks love
Seeing you smile is enough to call it a day
So cute! We love you both
Thanks for the pic Jimin
Please stay healthy, rest well &
Snd lord
[YOUTUBE]
STREAM - First Time
Views - 2.9M
Goal - 5M
INCREASE your speed
Stream
You give yourself enough credit, but I can def see the Scott Lang Ant-Man connection. If I had
Wow! Was that hard for you to write? Just messin'
Shhh.
I and my lovely Sister
Alpha and Beta
More pictures please four beautiful ladies deserve more pictures
because so happy
Wanna see you do it
Played at Spanish Bay with great guys
The
Thank you Brian! It was a lot of fun to work on this cover with - he's a phenomenal artist!
done
I stay out of drama and keep my opinions out of this account. If you could avoid dragging me into that stuff, that would be great
Thank you for the good news Lord God!
Lmao the beauty of it
Goodmorning
All three of these jeans are cute asf & Mira has two more a dark wash & a light wash pair
missed you babies. hope you're back home safe already.
Ok. Let go out then
Day 1 starts tomorrow frfr
Schedule food deliveries when they're convenient for you! Enjoy 30% off your order with this
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
No problem I was happy reading the comments too. I'm so happy to know people there enjoyed her stage
Wish I knew! If you figure it out let me know
Empalagoso y pegajoso amor ustedes son una ternura
Thank you for sharing Goddess
a system
can you please share your day6 meme collection? Not all mine but here's a thread
I made dumplings for the first time yesterday. Glad they liked it
Keshia taking us !
thank you
Getting to that goal is only part of the gain.
-
You not only get the exhilaration from reaching that goal but
.k.
I'm watching the Cat4 huricane headed towards Mexico
Such a great weekend. Great volleyball game Friday, UIL contest Saturday, great tennis weather today. Loved it.
Good morning self.
Coding Languages
What about you?
Let me know in the comment section Follow for more
Jm And Jk Los Amo I love you
Hermosos!! I Love you boys
MAG-UNA-UNA'G PANGHILABOT PERO DALI RA KAAYO NAPIKON (TUGA-TUGA MAN)
These people better leave me alone about my damn baby, before I run off with her. (so serious though)
vamos
Poetry in motion
You too kind, thankyou Jeff!
Maybe a new music/ collab in november
Not gonna lie, I had to look it up. I have 2 boys. How is it possible I never heard this word?
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
Baloo life of a tv actor is not easy & you live with Shaheer.. so please take care of him well..
si A po yun ngsasalita nasa stage
Thank you, Renee
That's very kind of you! Hope you'll enjoy the video
Gracias
1893- aye pretty girl ...you're such a beautiful soul ...i highkey want us to be friends
YW! Have a great week!
Ask Tfue
The resemblance is uncanny
My favorites.
A special coffee for u,
Mixed with care, happiness & love..
Good morning..
Have a nice day!
I think this is one of the best hotels to stay
One investment approved, still waiting for my other investment.
Once again showing the best of humanity and the animal kingdom
Bye twitter.
Same old, same old. This time he came back with something I could never forgive him for so here we are
Thanks!
... Pardon the mess.
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Fight away the
Maybe spooky szn is for me after all
Japanese model shows off 'virgin-killer' sweater, shatters hotness scale (11 Photos)
Hi! Please check my DM
Goodluck. I participated. Thank you for this opportunity
With these two onboard = gets the royal treatment that I deserves. I love you ladies.
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Awww, it's ok
Thanks but no thanks
I'd love to be there. Beautiful.
Thank you we really enjoy those coupons for almost 18 months today were the last ones we
if only your fav knew how big of a peice of shit you are
I done developed feelings for a complete stranger. Kill me now please and thank you
i love my uncle just blessed my pockets.
Imma apply my curly wig tm
I think Lila might become more of a regular in season 3 of this series.
Btw, not to be that person but SHAKE is amazing
Selling an xbox 1s with 2 controllers. Never really used. In super duper great condition lol let me know if you are interested!
olha isso
But , get it twisted
Aww sure you will one day
Donuts make everything better especially with sprinkles
been over a year, let it go!
Thank you!!
Good Morning My Dear Ajithians
Awww that's really very sweet of you ji
Sin rencores
I believe that everyone deserves to be happy.
Tara! Artists from 55Tinta are really good. Oskie Esguerra did my last one really well. he does
Well, it's been an amazing day of screwing off and tweeting entirely too much.
Thanks sis
I was going to tweet about missing Randi.... then she calls me
Congrats on your first shiny community Day events are where I get most of my shinies
1 year gali Princess Abrina
Awwwww babe
yOw mooTs goodmorning!! feel free to talk to me
Ahhh okay. Not just renders. Mine will be ready tomorrow, for all my sim stuff so
Family
Insert: Franz Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
Comel la ili ni reply status ws wish goodluck bagai. Hewhew
Kinks & coils
Love you Mr you made my day
I thought that too.
Sorry about that! Shouldn't have jumped in with my experience and all. Have a good one. I hope you enjoy it.
He REALLY doesn't like me, because I'm several of those!
Love that pic, goodnight
Thank goodness I have oomf on Instagram or have a big problem
& for more Videos!
too many people being to rude to you right now lmao you deserve better
Ahhhh!! I need your book! You and are going to have so much fun together.
Glad you had a great weekend
Discussing beautiful orchestra and band pieces with makes me sooooo happy.
Serving this to with a hug, as requested
Hi Everyone! How are you? I posted a new book review! Stop by and check it out!
Good morning
thank you!
He came in early for me
Sweets popcorn pic is of course. Also it was a successful lazy Sunday Have
had its high and low points
Thick Thighs Save Lives (34 photos)
Birthday paintball! I'm the only girl!
Share it with me please!!
Wow Mike, I am incredibly humbled by that compliment! Thank you for your support always. Grateful
Someone keep me company
Hey! Happy to hear you and your study group are enjoying the videos For this topic I recommend
Hello Dong! Nice to meet you here sa Twitter and thanks sa follow. Looking forward to see you in person.
My Cart is coming in the mail tomorrow
Good Morning My Dear Ajithians
Finest Busty And Attractive Girls You Have Ever Seen
Obsessed with my guy
Please read the note and have a look at my silicone baby son he helps me a lot but never get over the
My stomach hurts and I'm working...but it's almost time to go home
They became patners during bon voyage season 2 in Hawaii around July to August 2017 and RJ was created around
Indeed. I'm sleepy but well, thank you. How are you?
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
vc merece mais um
Whoop! Well done, you deserve it
Good morning jaan salman khan & all Salmanic have a beautiful day
It's PARTY TIME today is B-DAYas a gift I'm sure he would just with happiness
Making corn bread for breakfast
Went on a date tonight. It was really fun and I look forward to many more to come
You deserve everything of the best.
Scarlet Spider with Black Cat.
Two
Yeah! Me and Chris would go out for brekky or to the beach at night for ice creams like every week. Was great!
i just left my homework and my classmates to watch jimin's tweet, i'm sorry not sorry
The tantra massage is for all people who want to experience their own sensuality.
not a sexual service as
w3w so much effort! but nothing can bring us down we're EXO-Ls y'know!
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
Don't expect too much. Because expectations lead to disappointments.
We'll wait for it RM!
I'll be there.
Get delicious vegetarian ingredients delivered straight to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh
Thanks bro
Thanks..
McDo stop
I have every plan to go see The Nutcracker on opening day and i have no shame
Eh, fine with it.
I know not an alcoholic, so...
I do like a good glass of wine.
Gracias, igual tu.
Hi from another Bulldog
Ahh! Looks like you two both had fun so happy I love you guys so much!!
Yes you are!
Spot yourself and save your photo with
thank you po
Life is sweet when you have the right people around you my daughter Emma makes me feel good
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
I was thinking about when I had an emotional breakdown and zack reassured me and calmed me down... I got the best man in the world.
Love this photo and love your insta feed! a blogger too and so great to connect with a blogger and swiftie!
Way to go! for all!
Good morning for night
Good, you deserve it!
Please click the photo and react "" heart guys. Only heart reactions are counted lang po. Thank you
Thank you!
This weather
thank you po
You know that means he's happy & in a good place right? He visited you to let you know that he's
Please click the photo and react "" heart guys. Only heart reactions are counted lang po. Thank you
I thought my comment was clever enough
Wish you a very Happy Birthday
The best feeling in the world is the moment you see the person you love and you stop yourself from smiling
Lemme seee im happy for you boo
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Warriors lose. good day
No one puts me in a worse mood than my own self!
Un muy buen Community Day Siete Beldum Shinies |
Ahhhh we have them here Just stunning Thank You
Ahh that's ok! When you are I'm sure the perfect kitty will find its way to you
GOAL THIS WEEK: Get a copy of second record the Third
Muchas gracias amix.
Si, tuve un muy lindo
now I can book me a room
Today was a nice day
You're welcome!
As it should be
Happy mother's day to your mom and sisters.
1
I love the fact that he give me a chance he already on it before I even hesitate to react yes. read me. actions over words
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
I have 2 bottles of Canadian whiskey. You are worth more than beer
Sending you
Then don't, I have Peter Pan Syndrome too lol
One day be between them hi jikook
Yeeees pls
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
We're so happy to hear that!! Can't wait for you to get the rest
love, dog, and happiness. my girl brings me love and happiness just need a dog
StayTune with Tiwi...
We will meet again somehow, someway, someday. In shaa I will leave you in care.
Tawakkul and Qadr
Thank you for the Will
Waiting
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
omg i'm so happy to see this
I see people are still checking out this thread, so... Here's the pic of all of us! We're normal people
You
What a good morning hehehe
Send me some funny weird scary tiktok vids im just bored
Thank you Pauline it was all of those things
The third book of my series is now available!
Thank you for your support, love,
Philly with the best people! Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Based of of s video with the familiar spider :3 love you aph!
good to hear. You seemike a sweetheart.
Good Morning Yash
You can always donate what you eat and you can get vegan pasta! Puff pastry is also vegan so still options
all the bitches I used to fw
goodmorning
I washed my hair today
Amo tu cabello azul hermanito.... Eres un principito azul ....kookie bebe, mucho mis
I have a feeling she ends up with Hans.
seeing my girl is like a refreasher to be happy again
*fan fic*
RJ got his name from his mom and dad
i love your zines! please keep doing what doing!
Gratitude is key to happiness
I wanna go on a nice date && have grown conversations
This made me tear up a little bit. Not sure if its just the moon or I'm just really happy for you, its probably both.
Even though My last name Woods, my will be I hate that I have my mamas last name instead of my
Great night
you need to come Wednesday for
Took Alakae to the pumpkin patch for the first time (of course) today
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
Hey Flora Check this out
EXO-Ls are being investigators again.
They did it ruthlessly to themselves They were a great help in helping Republicans.
Good morning
Yesssss fuck the warriors
Maybe she wants to be the first three time loser? Only she can do it
I thought my comment was clever enough for the Bayern family to like
Still waiting on us to play fortnite/hangout to call each other friends though.
Just made it back to SC, but emotionally still in this was seriously one of the best weekends.
Thank you for the suggestion. I will look into that a bit more.
also going away gain (not yet, obvs) but no-one will know away Besides having weird stalkers
A3: I Love starting my run listening to The it gets me pumped up for my run
I had a lil fun for this spread the sticker says kind over I wrote some reminders to
What are your favourite one of all your albums and songs so far?
Also, remember to get enough rest and stay healthy!
Okay yes! Let me know because maybe I can take that day or afternoon off and go in how much does
Arizona sunsets are unequaled.
Can i dm just to have a conversation and anything? Like random things. Just for fun Sure but no guarantees
Ty
How was day?
Kaya mo yan be right here waiting for you. Centro Escolar University Official
His happiness is overflowing and contagious! So happy for you, Kim Taehyung! Army you!
I am just returning the favor
i ever felt that situation when lnm in jkt, great to know them
he worried, and im so touched :")
I've been good. Been busy and dont go on as much as I usually
Thank you!
Salamat!!
Congrats to them though
Date.
I wish I could meet you! Your art is incredibly beautiful and your soul must be as well. Enjoy Seoul !
Luv the pic Jess
I was seeing a Dan and Phil images... And I love this one... But I draw in two parts
It took me a year to finally do, but it's done! And so comfy!! Kinda proud of it
Rafita abrazando a Gregorio
Same! I'll be 1 yr army nxt month
Hard carry 3 please!!
If under 23.. you ride this ride.
Continuo querendo cuidar e proteger.
as a manila phannie everytime i see this it gives me a heart attack
Honestly your cute no doubt about it let me show you how you should be loved and treated right. awe thank you
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
This is your Sunday night reminder that you can handle whatever this week throws at you
Monday Vibes!
Good Morning Everyone! Davao City
If anyone needs a promo, hit my dms!!
Its getting colder already
Which is Your favourite European country?
Glad I'm off tomorrow
so happy to get the negativity out of my life and start fresh, toxic will always be toxic
Maganda
Friendly
Mabait
my brain as i walk in broad daylight, smiling to myself:
minghao minghao myungho? myungho xu minghao
I think mad Max and her sidekicks are the ones running scared. They know it's about to go down.
N And A Half.
Goodmorning
DONE LMAO cash app rachmejia
Looking to support smaller channels! Comment yours and I will subscribe!
Wishing a Very Happy Birthday to Hattrick Director PREMS May God bless u with all that u want Anna Loads of
actually having a REALLY good time!
Sobrang blessed ko sa taong to. Thank You, Lord
See you when I see you guys
hesti_ldt
hesti_ldt
Gemlelter
.
.
.
-terimakasih telah tag & hastag
-follow, tag
Thank you
Still working on the stream intro hopefully this turns out great super excited to use it
Someone be my friend thank you
The two persons in front of this vid are Alden & Maine po.
heyyy hows the baby doin im yall biggest fan hope you have a good process
Instead of saying "Sorry I'm late" say Thank you for waiting me.
Fit girls never skip Fridays (40 Photos)
I'm honestly so happy
Love washing my face at night
Can't even begin to explain the experience I ran my first full Marathon. Thank you to everyone who was there
Can employers do that? Here was i thinking I only needed to keep on the right side of my next of kin.
Love him! He was just here in AZ yesterday Need more of him in the world
Thank you Ian. Who run the world? GIRLS!
I can't wait to go to the movies this week with my mom and sister
Thank you Sir!
Oh. Can't wait thanks again
In case you needed a little Sunday smile
Hace mucho no boceteaba!!
Thank you Malc!
Have you caught your breath yet
Breathtaking
Cheers mate
noted that's what I like, sha
Two Chivettes show us why Valentine's Day ain't all that bad (27 Photos)
Is what it is
Aww! So cute!
good morning
you just need the attention because the more we talk about this ,the more you become.
my mother hmmm
Thankyou kier
Smile and Think something positive .X
I really love yellow clothes on people ***People with good style
Ahhh eu tinha visto isso mas achei q era algo no harry kkkkk, obrigada
Can't wait for this
30 and over
Golden Sun Opening
This put a smile on my face!
Celebration of Life... Happy Birthday Justin!!! Snellville, Georgia
Tryna live my best life and have baby lol
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off
Good morning, howdy all Morning..
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
I Love It ..thank you
Next time ulit
Let me know a date and time
I wait
You make me happy when skies are grey
If you have questions about my life, ask me & not my friends pleeease & thank you
He makes me so happy
Good morning FAM have a productive week ahead.
I'm sure of it
Thank you!
Get LYFT s with this LYFT code << The code you need to enter MIGUELT10 Vegas LYFT dash
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
thanks Mattachew
What will u say when you get kids u have to prepare for school
if he gives time thats matter.. now following you
got the app for all the movies that came out ian gotta move i can lay naked and watch the movie
Probably because you only see fake news turn off the period and research and
got my grandmother on your music now ..
Who Hasn't Subscribe My YouTube Channel?
Comment Below!
YES OR NO
Just got done watching the TV show. Now time for more cats and hyenas please Helloooo everyone I hope your
Suerte a todxs
(Creo que ya participaba pero por las dudas)
I hope today is the day
Thank you! Glad you enjoyed it!
no.
virgo men minus MJ ><<<< virgo women
You've got this! I believe in you~!!
okay i swear i have the worst hiccups
Gracias a por el sorteo Si cumple!
Yay glad home safe and sound
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
Of course. always here if you need to chat.
So cute huhuu
I've got a serious question regarding our YouTube channel and our System. Could totally use advice!
Haha, I'm in Tennessee, so maybe the goats are close relatives
EPISODE GOD, I HAVE SIN AGAIN. Lol, WHY THE DEVIL MAKE DO I'M JUST SAYING
EPISODE GOD, I HAVE SIN AGAIN. Lol, WHY THE DEVIL MAKE DO I'M JUST SAYING
Dinner always turns out perfect on Sunday nights
Went fishing and now home eating fruity pebbles happy
tysm
Think of it this way: a broke person would love to have that stress
birthday week for these two
I definitely recommend it! I love it
So how good is Verry Elleegant?
My nigga mom likes me this the first time
going to check out
I really been doing good for myself
Perfect Sunday errybody in my division lost except us
wait
Just came up with my next tattoo
You just look so young Bridge!
Good Night Whiskey and NinaBella
I remember nights like this
Thank you absolutely loved it! Actually ordered the DS game now too
Gwapo
Mabait
Friendly
Hiii make 4 make?
(I'll use my two accounts for your campaign(s) )
Thanks for remembering about this game
Please release BTS world for us
i'll be back
Oh. It was here previous account was deleted and this is her new one. Hope u can support her.
Hiii make 4 make?
(I'll use my two accounts for your campaign(s) )
Good night
i need me a nigga in my life empower me and throw great dick
thank you!!
They say one man's trash is another girl's treasure
awww, my dearest jimin and jungkook! hoping for both of you to heal well
I need a dance partner the 27th lmk
Thanks for sharing pic Vick
Get delicious vegetarian ingredients delivered straight to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh
Church, food, NFL SUNDAY, naps with my pit bulls, two glasses of wine ...my day. Taking my peace back
Trying to. Thanks for the reminder!
Hiii make 4 make?
(I'll use my two accounts for your campaign(s) )
Happy u have a new boyfriend, with Cameron
Bitcoin $BTC price is: $6487.91
We verified that Binance is accepting new users!
Do KyungSoo
Congratulations
It's not even a day, nor even an hour but I'm already missing you. Pero wala e. Ganun talaga!
ingat pag uwi
Yay - glad to hear it went well
Ya estaba participando
Follow me for the update and i maybe give the postcard on 3rd Nov too you can dm for trade the photostrip or
Fuck you, her and whoever else
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
In vino veritas... in wine truth
post update late tonight or early tomorrow?
You are very welcome Goodnight
You're welcome
Maganda
Mabait
Friendly
Yes, basta love love love lang. and respect sympre. Dont worry about them. Andito naman kami
Good morning back to work yesss
Quote for the day..
.@ActorMadhavan
Happy morning
After breakfast check-out na agad diretso ng airport. Goodbye CDO, thank you sa magandang pag accomodate sa amin
Good morning
It sure is
I totally understand! Even just sometimes would be awesome. But ah, best of luck with NaNo
It was an amazing and unforgettable night! Seattle, Washington
Ayieeeh Cute
Hey Billy Julie. Not on social media, hope all is well.
yes please
This is beautiful Cole
thanks so much!
love to send you one. Just DM me which one you would like and an address.
Enny!
It depends. If to proselytize to me about Allah or any other deity even remotely, then I am not interested.
Kaha se aate hain ye log yaar now stop all this please me & aishu is bestfriend
I can go to bed now. Good night
i want my hair a lighter blonde
The Lord is so keep your hand in his hand and you will have nothing to worry about!
Thanks! It's my son's first game
Can't wait
I mind my business not the
and | best medicine
When ready!!
I've been writing for over ten years and I finally feel that I'm getting there. Amazingly proud of myself.
Well u always do it best
In Gosford procrastitweeting on the day job
.@CNNPolitics
Redeem yourselves from your Trump love. Make this happen!
girl ik so am i i'm still going crazy over it thank you!!
Such a precious smile! Suengkwan really love seeing his fans. The look in his eyes were full of
Sounds great, thank you
in this photo this way
Thank you Jimin! I miss you two it's so good to see you together, I wish you good health for the rest
Oh No !! So sorry darling
I think ALMOST ready to settle down
Lisk $LSK price: $2.86
We checked! Binance registration is currently open
NO PROBLEM ALWAYS HERE FOR YOU GUYS
Aww! So sweet! And kudos to the family - amazing!!
Thank God, You did it very well...
Nobody sane. I have 3 And friends who will prevent the full on anxiety attack like I had in Chicago. LOL!
- i hope you enjoyed your birthday , chill people though
Follow me sa personal account ko
Today was our last Indian Summer Sunday of the year. We made the most of it.
She's a growing girl
[IG UPDATE roses_are_rosie]
HALSEY replied to post
You are totally cute
I smell
It's by
Absolutely well played dear
Congratulations team India win over WI
Superb knock by
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MAMSHIE!! WISH YOU ALL THE BEST!! I MISS YOUUU!! GOD BLESS!
I need to be winding down but instead buzzing
Sarapan pagi guys!
congratulations! so happy you are here
The more the merrier
Bit of a stressful night, but I feel much better after some creative expression. Hope to share it with you all soon.
Once again, a great day to be a mountaineer
App State is ranked!
IMO, fascism is straight terrible
My birthday is in 3 weeks
is it You keep seeing me post aboutWell take a minute & Lots of options to get you started in the
already midterm week and of course I even read one chapter of any of my textbooks yet
Eso
IM IN A GOOD ASS MOOD
Awww!!! His expression!!
Go Green! Spartan Nation welcomes you
Yeah, just in case I become one someday I did met some big (fan)accounts who are too
Tomorrow is about to be a long ass day. Def treating myself to
Today has been a day of great music and meal prepping... I'm feeling pretty happy and ready for the upcoming week
They became patners during bon voyage season 2 in Hawaii around July to August 2017 and RJ was created around
Siiii !!! Muchas gracias
Good morning!
This weather is lovely
Meow, meow, meow... Meow!
why you eat ice cream in the shower like a normal person
Me and Gi... My goddaughter is a real artist...perfect drawing of me clearly done to scale
Done Thank you
SI KAROL SOS LA MAS BELLA DEL UNIVERSO DE TODO EL MUNDO MUNDIAL TE AMOOO SOS LA MAS HERMOSA
I am glad you like it. I hope you'll use it as one of your main inspiration places
Good morning
Happy 25th Birthday ! Hope you had a great day!
Just the candy
Glad not the only one that likes doing this.
Your dedication to comfort is envious
give a fuck season
Awwww.. Isn't this amazing? The butterfly logo of Xentro Mall in every bite. Visit to start
Good Morning!
I wish I could vote for you, but Canadian . pray be the elected governor
I had a lil fun for this spread the sticker says kind over I wrote some reminders to
I don't think I've met her lol but yassss more anime people!
who is better looking:
one (1) day6 or five (5) young ks? Huy teka. feeling attacked. Char. DAY6
My pictures came in the mail .
Come see me at work
thank you for following me
have a nice day
Made by me
Good morning
Kill them with KINDNESS
thank you!
If youd pay for it dm me! I'm happy to do them
Entonces me comprendes
0 texts , 0 calls , single single
My happiness comes first
Proud mom moment- congrats sixth grade city tournament and league champs
Great season girls!
Good Morning Anon
Vechain $VEN is valued at: $0.01
HURRY! Binance is currently accepting new users
Kembali ke jalan yg lurus
Canon Shipping
Never stop shipping!
Thank you!!
This is beautiful
Morning pips
Ya got mad taste Sue
Well, I do just the same on 100 hp what I could do on the Duke with 170 hp, maybe more?! Super Duke = overrated and overpriced
The funny thing is that the SC thinks that entry/no-entry to ONE
RJ got his name from his mom and dad
thank you for following me
have a nice day
Congrats on making it to Hump Day, here's your reward (40 Photos)
My nieces think I'm funny
Real class act.
I can literally watch life time all day long
Pinying of his CH name is Shizhan, both will do
exciting news coming nov 1st
stay tuned ...
Twin sisters use Instagram to pay for law school and they have the jury's full attention (20 Photos)
Dulces
I hope I can get to be in your selca when you come here for our concert your hair is so cute Jimin
This is gonna be a surprise for both of us
2 DEAL
Thank you
Awesome news to start the day. First win since 2013 for the
Interesting thought, eager to know how it unfolds
Thank you po
congratulations Khilji..Finally you got Padmavati
back. My social media hiatus was much needed.
it arrived an hour ago i ordered it in yesasia
Today I finish my bag. Sweet dreams! Tomorrow back to work.
My grandma happy to see me she stop running down here & ask questions
Ohhh that's great if ganun. Well, see you there nalang if ever matuloy ka. See you din daw and si couper sabi ni baby boo
Forever stealing Stevens shirts
Kinda like cinnamon toast crunch cereal.
nothing, theyre amazing, i love them all.
I think got good taste
Day 1
Day 2
Day 3
Day 4 Yes!!! I did it!!!
Day 4 One down. Bring the nail cutter
I'm back to my reality but will never forget and will never give up on what makes my heart happy
Alhamdulillah
Pending now
Spread love nalang so wag kang ma stress
Bien y tu?
I had and Moonchild stuck in my head so I decided to do this for my English project
My project was to
yeah nice not a fan of the brush tho, really separate your lashes but the curl it gives is great
Sleep Cute my friend
LATI YOU ARE DEPRESSED ASF TOO AND IM NOT GOING TO ARGUE WITH YOU
I will try my best to improve in the future
Wow that sounds like a great day glad you had lots of fun
Gooooodmorning
It goes
1. Buffy single and happy
2. Spike
3. Angel
4. Riley
I love you baby ur so beautiful, thank you for everything you do.
barely hit the ratings scale.
42. I love both
Cool nights= Amazing sleeping weather
Good point.
Singapore is welcoming you with such sereneness
44 Fahrenheit in Manitoba Canada!
I love the " like this and I'll send you a gif of us" tweets, so feel free to send me gifs whenever you want
You stooped that low to change your whole personality for that one specific person how pathetic
Interestingly enough, I'm watching my KC Chiefs and drinking a TITO's +soda at the moment... Carry on
Hi Courtney, we sadly don't have an option for this. Sorry!
We'll suggest this to our team for consideration though
Good Monday
Ahora, ayer, y antes. Kunlao Han
I just finished watching video and I enjoyed it so much :) he was so genuine and I loved it
Forever a mood
Birth week started off with a fancy dinner! Steak with gocchi with a gorgonzola cheese cream sauce (and
Okay! Yeah! talked before. so nothing new, Owen.
not to entertain but to really worship Jesus!
finally. i'll come back laterrrr
Good then
I thank you guys enough sure love bows in her hair
Did you really go to the Apple festival if you take aesthetic pics
Ate how are you?
Got that right
We're set to vote tomorrow!
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Welcome to the show and I hope you'll get addicted to it and watch it all!
If you want to do your birthchart here tried to do it before but I got so
I love how loud we are
Today I was a Eucharist Minister for the first time ever in mass and so extremely happy I was able to do work in that way!
Happy Birthday ! MBTC & God Bless Ingat kayo palagi. Loveyou & Missyou
funny and outgoing (based from what I am seeing/reading in your tweets)
So cute
that turkey leg and funnel cake really blessed me
Congratulations!!!
I taken it off since I tried it on, I feel like a little kid again!!!
An attitude of gratitude makes everything better!
Hello Fedex!
UrSnoring Is A Good Indication That I've Had Done My Job Well. SweetDreams Daddy.
3 years ago, Someone commented a post on my IG account affirming my book. And now, look, NAKITA ko siya.
I...
Bitch how do you know what just happened in my bedroom??
My ass stings from spankings.
~tomorrow~ go check out the other 3!
no prob, heres ch2 scans! enjoy!
kurumi blushed so many times after
De cedo
Ay joke, tama ka, just checked their signature! Hahaha. It is
How was your weekend??
My weekend it was so relaxing, Just chilling on the pool and Netflix at night
.
.
.
Hiii make 4 make?
(I'll use my two accounts for your campaign(s) )
In your opinion
Very wise and very true Mr. Ray I agree with you
I love Paulae she always says the right things
Hi Andrea how are you?
Can I save my presale code for then? Or no?
Sure is :) but bouta change since not appreciated
Hiii make 4 make?
(I'll use my two accounts for your campaign(s) )
happy birthday !! God bless $ enjoy ur day i u
Daddy Namjoon babysitting baby RJ while memorizing his speech
Had an AMAZING time at the after party sad to leave early but had an important call to make.
Bill, you are correct. I wrote a term paper on this subject!
So close! Baker is still cute though
My whole weekend was filled with positive vibes and good energy
It's Monday, semangat for today lancar-lancar ya. Have a good Monday
Hiii make 4 make?
(I'll use my two accounts for your campaign(s) )
Hang cute din ni Elmo, no?
Nah
Hiii make 4 make?
(I'll use my two accounts for your campaign(s) )
Cutie
Goodnight, Travis
It's been a longggg day but I'm absolutelyyyyyy thankful.
always nice when blackboard goes out when taking a quiz
Alright buddy thank you for letting us know
Hiii make 4 make?
(I'll use my two accounts for your campaign(s) )
Make sure you do your revision too, alright? Good luck for your test
I think this is one of the best hotels to stay
Yessssss come through replacement !
Got dinner snuck to my car by one of our cooks and let me tell you MY STOMACH and ryks are very happy
Hiii make 4 make?
(I'll use my two accounts for your campaign(s) )
181022 Blossom Entertainment Update
You're right, crushes are cute
Vaqueros twiteen con el
is used for
We do not have a first timer hashtag. Using is a great way to connect with others at conference though!
Hiii make 4 make?
(I'll use my two accounts for your campaign(s) )
Hiii make 4 make?
(I'll use my two accounts for your campaign(s) )
tryna do better all that matters
Perfume Voice PV making via I Really Love A-Chan Kashiyuka And Nocchi They Make Me Laugh So Much
Hiii make 4 make?
(I'll use my two accounts for your campaign(s) )
Thanks, Buboy!
Loving the fact my parents need me to do stuff. I really don't care how small it is, I can't wait to deliver and show proficiency
hello ilagan
crazysamusfangirl: Pretty starry edits I made with Smash Bros Ultimate renders.
By Daryl Ong
Pretty cool
Time will tell
Well done. You showed a lot of class and are to be commended
Oh, is it Sunday already?
Sorry
I'mma show you Rayla why they call me Casper The Friendly Ghost hehe
Why thank you sweetie. now which admin am I? fbdbfjkdsnfkds XD I didn't guess this far....Is it maybe Adri?
thanks for the follow
Thank you
Im not sure what you mean by that but it sounds good
Getting ready for bed and found myself humming "Half Hung Mary." Cannot WAIT for your new album!
LOL, most likely not that much older than you princess. Yet, If that old, maybe just maybe
Aww that sounds like a lot of fun and would've loved to have joined you
I got my wristband at 6pm and lined up for M&G at 7.30pm. But you will get an email for the instruction. No worries
Easy on my usual Monday morning.
Anyone available for viber call?
Usap lang po
true I guess he did say that. Maybe on the right side of things after all. liked
here for you brothers... *sending hugs*
What day would you love to live Today
I'm freaking out man, the Latinas are here (63 Photos)
It feels so good to be laying in my bed
U guy's rock the
Congratulations
from -
You ever thought that it just none of your mf business suss?
I got a watercolor sketch book for my trip and decided to paint the cover. I used Kuretake gansai champagne and
Keep going and stay positive
Lord, thy will be done.
I'll try not to. thank you.
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
I'm following UNO EMILIO again hehehehe.. Dude!!! now I know why!!! Now I know why you didn't! so I Loveee
Twitter
Merci
Janeth
thank god for u.
Wow! Thank you for choosing for your kids! Which season/episodes did you watch?
Might be a loser and go to the movies by myself
Re-watched the Dodgers post-NLCS celebration with my dad. I love Dave Roberts
yes! each vote counts so it'll be really helpful if u do find a way also just keep
Meet our little wanderwoman
We are more often
frightened than hurt...
And we suffer more
from imagination
than from reality...
Good Morning
Have A Nice Day
i literally wait for the holidays
That means a lot to me, coming from you!
Haber
So peaceful being outta the no niggas standing on every corner or porch, no gunshots, drug addicts, loud music, just peaceful
I should also listen this
Graham Coxon - Tell It Like It Is AKA Graham Damon via
Thanks for the input
Yep, definitely the one I'm going to get
Thanks!
Yep
Very cool!
I hope that this happens fast because you are a talented person . Much love
Beautiful blue sunny morning in Bangalore..
by yo damn self .
don't be, it's not your fault
Know not temporary ? Wholeness
Dad, lottery win, marriage.
2019 sounds amazing
Tenkyu Mayor sa pa tsukuleyt..
Nice Meeting You Brader
Sa uulitin..
That looks yummy
You are most welcome
LOL
I think so! Check it out.
.
Kangaroo (Triple position) - Wanna3 (Short cover)
Enjoy watching
Patiently waiting for God to bless me with everything asked so far.
How sweet is that! know they could run like that; thanks for sharing
Wow $70 already raised! Damn. I'm impressed.
I have been alright.
Glad you are good
Your welcome sly! wait for Yakuza tomorrow
Good Morning
Happy birthday too me wishing all the best and many more blessing to me
So adorable
Got some of us CareBears together and we did this for you We love you!!!
It swell my of joy seeing a lot of people happy brought by ADNHomecomingEvent Ang sarap mgbasa ng happiness
HappyBirthday
Hope you had a fabulous day!
Happy birthday buddy hope you've been well
Hi this is Shealyn I am a big fan! Have a good day
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
YOU WERE LIKE BIT FOREIGN EYES BEIGE I WAS LIKE ISTG IM GOING TO BEAT YOUR
Can't wait until October is over so I can stop seeing the term "spooky basket" every 2 seconds
De hoy a la tarde en el triunfo ante huracan
I want some ice cream
i dont usually tell my problems to anyone, but if i did then gina turing taka as a true friend nga masaligan
Awe! Hey ma! happy belated birthday, Toks!
. . .
Thank you! Probably one of my best
New creation realities
huhubells thank you for coming home with us! ingat pabalik sa Cotabato!
happy, chillen
1 left, 1 right so 2? Haha bobo
Don't mind those stupid bashers. You dont have to please judgemental hypocrites heads up! Youre beautiful on
My new favorite products
Please thank him for us
I have several friends in and appreciate them!
Pretty pretty boys And pretty pretty ARMY
Thank you! be in touch with you soon
Lag Advance happy birthday labyu
Thanks for lifting my mood!
He really has.
I believe that Gif is
A dear friend of mine. Its the funniest Gif EVER.
YOU WERE LIKE BIT FOREIGN EYES BEIGE I WAS LIKE ISTG IM GOING TO BEAT YOUR
He loves the water already
Great episode!
Thank you
Love healing travel
Back home and getting ready for stream
Thank you!
ALRIGHT WHAT IM TRYING TO SAY IS:
maybe im not THAT bisexual.
maybe i like girls AND YOU
Thank you
Ah yass. I hope so too. Can't wait!
Aww that sounds delicious and such a fun time
Yeah, one needs to happen before the other
My main bitch came over last night & we smoked hella bowls & joints & it was such a good time Missed him &
U welcome
Done!
Thank you!
I feel great. I worked so much today. I literally can't wait to share all the songs aaaaaaa
Selamat pagi
Any Wichita mommies interested in doing something like this?!
- RT to get it out there
Hammerman & Onay!
Las voy voy stalkear hasta que me sigan o le den a mis tweets
Any Wichita mommies interested in doing something like this?!
- RT to get it out there
also, sorry it took me this long to add more recs and as usual, all stories i recommend are completed ones
Idk? maybe but I was in 7th heaven
Thank you
A little help please Thanks to Reddit for the info!
I wait Your music are awesome
Exatamente!!
You were fantastic tonight!
limpinha, cheirosinha
girl turn the garlic upside down his the bottom a few times with the palm of your hand and the lid with come right off
good morning bro, have a great day ahead see you ltr bro!! Take care
I did voodoo and my AP History teacher got sick so not due anymore
so pretty & my fav ikon stan account! talk more!
So I did my hair, and I am in bed
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
Its gonna be okay. Its gonna be allright Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Gemes akutu sama kamu
Fez, Sonic Generations, Monster Prom and 100 Ft. Robot Golf.
Praying for the best. I hope you'll be my 'best'. Maybe today, I'm refering to someone but I know one day, I'm
To brighten up your day
good morning
we happy now
My friend told me not funny. just say the biggest insult ever received and we are no longer friends.
Maganda
Mabait
Friendly
Picked up a 12 hr shift tomorrow so goodnight
Good morning po Good moooorning din
work life balance ko na yung
mag ukelele
outdoor activity
matulog
I've been making a lot of kid Cudi type beats. So I'm happy now
Lmfaooo so you mean to tell me Libra szn was barely round 1 of my emotional mess ok
If bae on her period then I'm on my period too it's uterUS not uterYOU.
fine young man
tenkyu tenkyu sa full support
I hope you all had a great weekend! It was quite the busy week for me.
.
.
.
Ready for the next!
.
.
.
Expectativa / Realidade
Veteran Restoration had a little friend visit with me today
.
.
.
.
.
.
vet
Aww congratulations Jeremy and family on your adorable addition
You should smile all the time, you just might make day a little bit better
Lol no one. Dw about it
Americanos are good for the caffeine but yep we have peppermint all year and your not
in the mood for some sushi
Sometimes, something is too deep to understand, I just happily accept it. I love this way.
give me a song good to dance to. preferably slow ones
i shall do that
Heechul looks happy! I'm really glad, 'cause I worry about him.
Ok lah, i will just consider this as love story drama
but ty
To brighten up your day
thanks
Ran far today!! And it was nice out finally! So that made me happy.
We may be 1,120 miles away but thatll never stop us from having out movie nights. I love Paige.
Hello, does anyone know a place where I can have my hair straightener repaired?
a handy guide
This has been a really cool weekend.
Amin
Explosion harts
Surprise him in his place
Up to you really. If that's how you like them then keep them like that. A winter change lol
Your welcome
Yeah, it's all good. We're having a great time!
Thanks
Well whoever it is, I like it...
Good morning
not yet but id love to
a blessing to meet you.
It was my observation, as an aspiring journalist, that the media was a
Great video
Love, Happiness, Good Sex
would have a fit if a man said with loose girls (inset light skin female) girls with tigh curls
Morning Sleep !!!
It was.
If you can run a half for fun, there's no doubt in my mind you can do a full
Aww I just saw this on my timeline! Thanks Becky!!
Happy Sunday!
Sleeping at my moms tonight. Not gonna lie...already missing Richie, but enjoying watching shows and eating bad food with my mom.
cry because over, smile because it happened.
Good papi how are you doing
huhu yaan mo may next time pa naman
Ternuritas
Goodmorning
You learned a lesson today. Remember? Write it down before you forget.
Stress free
Aprendan cocineros...
Happy birthday brother
Hi Rukayat, that's an interesting suggestion! We'll share it with our devs so they can keep it in mind for future improvements
all pics are taken by my mom
edited by me
pls don't repost
She said bring the shrimp & make it for you whenever you want
I'm sure you a stray kids stan.
I'm also listening to 3RACHA.
I can't wait for this! Wish me luck today
ok an average player so that match was just straight up crazy for me lol the comp struggle continues!
Feliz noche
New (1:800)
Fun World FBA_198096 Cocoon Corpse Decoration
RT + Enter
Same here. Just living! Good to connect wit you again... its been a long ass min lol. Glad u doing good. Keep smiling
THANKS FOR YOU WORK HARD.
Hitomi fighting.
Light Up Hitimi fighting .
Pleasant morning bae
Things That Bounce Thursday (17 GIFS)
S/o to all my classes for causing me to breakout bc stressed af
Your widow scares me, very good hitscan all around. Super chill and nice ime
Life is a journey with problems to solve, lessons to learn but most of all, experiences to enjoy..
It's okay.. it's your ga anyway And thank you for your kindness doing this ga
Rm2050 per month + OT. If you're interested do drop your cv at julia@hr-1st.com
Congrats 2 all the nominees & winners of this year awards! I njoyed the show! (yitt)
Hatid sundo. Umulan umaraw kahit gabi.
getting so tired of hearing that , i act funny i only act accordingly
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
She's lucky to have an amazing dad and you're lucky to have a beautiful daughter
Collection emails have been sent out! Buyer please check!
Good morning
Keep smiling
Combo para por fin ver A Star Is Born
If you wants to
Yixing - Junmyeon - Kyungsoo
Yeah, i agree with you. Wonduek showed us a different Kyungsoo
happy birthday!
feeling thankful at Allama Iqbal International Airport Lahore
Thank you..
What a nice day to bagsak an exam hmmm
Ikr!! Thank you!!! I bought the cos tho dont wanna take too much credit ya
ingat po always
Hahaha frozen cake is very accessible
Goodmorning from Beautiful Dubai
Wow that was smart.. I didn't realize that. Thank you!
I think your funny and im a porn account
Well y'all did good I just didn't want to give Jamsey all the credit and sound girly girl lol.
Yassss love it girl cuz I wear mines faithfully ..
Enrolled Hello, OJT
it makes my heart happy when the on my ship ask me to help them make their first lanyards
Showing you my softer side. Shirt is
Glad to be back on twitter I hope you all are doing well! If I forgot to follow some people I used to follow, lemme know
Of course we will meet up
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
thanks for the sub!! I missed it earlier, sorry
I only fw 1 person at the moment
Not me.
eu to melhor que ontem isso eh bom
You're welcome
Bahaha be prepared a pop quiz will be coming maybe not today, maybe not tomorrow but coming
belated happy birthday tien!
her hermo .. good , wby ?
Aww, I will try to figure out the timing for u
One of my faves
Seeing yourself in a new way can be very eye opening.
cuando te uniste a Twitter?
Thank you so much
It doesn't matter where I land, as long as I can hold your hand
So I can get settles and call babe . even if Big shot is sleep
Awe thank you! I definitely will be celebrating on Friday for sure lol.
Awesome! Maybe you could try it soon
. Good morning nice Image In My dear Instagram friends creat by real rajpoot
5AM GOODMORNING
Hehe. It is okay. Practice makes perfect!
forget to be great
Happy Monday!
Angst for lunch is a tasty treat indeed
you're the first person I thought of when I saw this
Good morning.
what's up?
Hopefully someday
How many yards to be exact?
Wish You A Very Happy Birthday
May God Bless You,Stay Happy
i can feel you. my dad passed away when i was six.
Fake News Bullshit Poll
Thank you Ale
Most definitely
Thanks Justin!
Unlock $20 ride credit with special Code UBER20COMP
I want to be there for your opening day when that time comes
I tried to convince a friend of mine called Wayne to change his name to Wolfgang
Zanz apartments Kokrobite. Tell them Ohemaa Akua sent you for a discount
Thank you!!! You are the best!!
Awwh thank you! Don't worry girl. I'm okay!
Lol Iight bet
okay thanks so much for coming
Erin looked so pretty and you made a handsome groom. A second congrats to the two of you!
+1
I need me time. I need family time. So please
Gracias
Have a lovely day
Best of luck Everyone for Everything
Stay blessed
Stat online
Stay happy
If ya got some bomb locations for food of any type , let me know. Wanna try new spots around
Here, you can take as a reference
I hope everyone's in a good mood.
Commit to your craft.
Wake me up when this year ends
Binance has the highest trading volume on any exchanges
Click here:
$NANO
Take 75% less fall damage by using this simple trick RT and Like if you enjoyed
American English vs British English vs Australian English
is giving you rides special Code MIGUELT EagleCounty Colorado
wait to see Halloween Tuesday
It was an exhausting camping (shopping) day summer night was cool and lovely.
Love it when king chip reposts my posts
"a &'
Thanks for the update
Lmaooo you too sweetie
You have my attention
Hope he lets you hit bro
Good morning to you too.
Not sure - have to ask
Budgeting is essential
Dominos the smell of the pizza is just beautiful.
Must be nice to have people who always have your back and who you can rely on when things get rough
Who wants to go with me to Daniels therapy evaluation tomorrow at 2.
I decided to randomly come home and my mom mad
Thank youu
Yes! And wings are a perfect football party food, too
I can feel my attitude coming on
nothing more revitalising than knowing gonna skip your 9:15 in the morning
Awee She Misses Me You Guys
Thank you
& vlive please??
Of course boo
Good luck today our 3 runners at Pinjarra trots NUCLEAR POKER r 2. GET READY TO ROCK r4. DELIGHTFUL SHADOW r7: Dr Morgan W Aldo C Mitch M
Awwe thanks!!
I cooked in a minute, so cooking today
Thank you, Sibylle!
hi, i know u personally, ala aq masabi, g luck sa studies
Yup, we saw the film sa Waltermart Makati.
thank you kindly
Sa mother ignacia po near abs cbn
Thank you, I will take care
And I thought I had an impressive collection of VHS tapes!
I actually used to have a VHS
Good morning everyonee
Hope you wil have a grt day
Be careful with banners at current poles and bike rally
minho!! these are my cats Felix, Penny, Sasha, and Oliver! they would love to play with Soonie and Doongie !
Sylvester really helped me found a nice ass hotel for the low
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KIM HANBIN
fckn excited , now I can keep my lor ugg money in my pocket
On the eve of Scorpio season, one of is getting the pregnant. Enjoy
Thank you
Doing great! God is so good! How about you? How are you today?
Eh, bon courage
First
Happy birthday to this very special person
It sure was. Loved feeling special.
Ooo I actually get pumped to make new things so def. thank you!
we all need help now Teena
I think
Same things happen with everyone
is such a beautiful spirit, I had the pleasure of meeting her tonight along with a few others
Quite a bit of folks RT On the eve of Scorpio season, one of is getting the pregnant. Enjoy
All of my leagues
Y se siente muy bien
Sweetest lyric ever
Still here. Still think you're awesome I admire your bravery.
Short Film
Rough Rider Monument in the Prescott Courthouse Plaza
I have a plan and I cannot wait for it to unfold
Monday selfie motivation
I am selling my old audio interface, Edirol FA66 FireWire card. Interested people can inbox me for price which will be ridiculously low
Well at least we know endgame be taken away is there really
Thank you, kind sir!
It's just a typical day off.
I just made some cajun shrimp fettuccine alfredo for me and my mom. It came out soooo good
STORY ;
NOW ; Open
MAKE ; Header
PRICE ; 10-15 baht
So hurry to subsidize.
Tag
Thank you Sheri!!! See you this week hopefully along the way!!!
good morning I woke up with a cold
When your gratitude reaches to Allah SWT everyday then everyday is a special one.
Aww
Can't wait
Where Are Now
Sleep is good. So are meteor showers.
I listened to some of your newest songs and tbh I love them! they have a good beat!
got my man a new hoodie so i can wear it later on
good morning
Bless this man!
God Bless the USA!
We always have the garden. Just us, where nothing can touch us, hidden away under a simulated sky. So we're fine. We're fine.
Thanks!
Photocard po.
It was so great working with you
Got some cute pics with my mans today
I seen my little sister ShainaGirl & Nephew Tosh today
Hi my new twitter friend
They adore you as well Coach "Jessica" .
Last Dinner! Seascape Village PH
I wait
Think positive lang
Meeting more and more Christians outside our church delights me
this is so cute omg and it's only the beginning
yes I hope I can go this time
I your GIF....' Wait for it...'! 1 good GIF deserves another...so...wait for it...
I love my sister for making me a birthday cake. I feel loved by my siblings at least as I happy cry and
I still have EVERYTHING. No matter if I just talk I have it I be deleting shit. Because what if they die
Happy Navratri Samethanahalli Lake Front App
If they're not, they damn well should be! What a gorgeous smile
It's getting hot but these girls in flannel are hotter (36 Photos)
Forum Neighbourhood Mall
So happy she was found safe!
Thank you I write the way I see the world moment in life is filled to the brim with subtle
Hey there friends Ann joining in from Montana tonight! Excited to talk and with you!
with the freebies
If this make you smile hell Nuthin Will Babe! NJean
No Pasa Nada
I always know when to let go
So I guess single
you're very welcome
It was a nice touch!
No Portuguese "sausage"??
Ill fight you to
Erin is so beautiful and Jack... Just as beautiful right guys
Totally agree
Thank you! I will
Weekend was a busy one. wait to see my house all done
Can you come and punch me in the gut?
Hey guys! Make sure you're following me on Instagram for more art posts.
I've never felt this way before Pansol, Laguna, Philippines
Hi MG!!
if she chase money , when shes mad at you . keep her
On the bright side back to high speed internet no more slow internet
Problem Created
Thank You
What a good puppy that I have no responsibility for
a good thing I have a couple costume planned even though single
Dont kill them though we need them theyve come in for the warm invest in a ladybird house
missed having lunch here.
The cutest teapots ever! These squishies make for great decorations at any party with your friends. Who
not too old to run a startup.
Cherish the moment.
Thank you!
A few people have flagged it as odd but still liked the writing so I guess it's not so awkward
Woke up with their thoughts this morning. And found this
has been corrected
done
Hope everything goes smoothly
We gonna tongue wrestle thru this 2 hour drive and a couple naughty tings
Once mine always mine
Paint the canvas of your day with colors of life livelihood and cheerfulness. You are an accomplished artist,
Totally deserved! I hope more and more recognition comes you guys way.
Love this picture! in stealing it!
you do! also you look like your inking
20181018 KCBL
D-336
YOU WANNA GAIN OR NAH?
FOLLOW ME &
RT THIS TWEET & HER TWEETS
INSTANT FOLLOWERS
The I really hope you like them
Good night!
Igualmente Marcelin!! bye bye
Luna..... We have to believe there is a shopgirl for every NY152.
I never have, and I never will.
JUN.K~
Me too!
Hiii make 4 make?
(I'll use my two accounts for your campaign(s) )
Typo* He is really an advocate of good! Oops
Tama
A little help please -
I was cute and my date went very well
Alessandra Receives A Load - Scene 1
Aw. Cute!
Domingo perfecto
I given all answers...make me winner
You've got a beautiful reflection (47 Photos)
Thank you!
Awesome running successfully...100 days pakka
Wow beautiful Monday and new week
Can't seems to get things working we can try again tomorrow
I like them too
Choose grace over bitterness said the Lord.
STORY ;
NOW ; Open
MAKE ; Header
PRICE ; 10-15 baht
So hurry to subsidize.
Tag
your reactions are so cute doll Well,, you should dm me sometime to discuss said reactions
GirlsTryAnal Jada Stevens Anal Beads and Ass Licked
Hope you awake feeling much more positive B
Good morning!!
as long as they aren't too aggressive? i guess that would be okay!
Two weeks after Ironman craptastic run I ran a sub 1:40 half
Assalamualaikum peeps! Keep positive for the day, and spread salams
Cosas lindas en la noche
a sweet sentiment. glad he inspired you to be the best you could be! felt that my
SMILE on the Face is a ***MEDICINE***
to Cure the Tensions of Life,
And to Convert them into a Relaxation,
So
Binance Coin $BNB price: $9.73
Binance registration is now OPEN for limited time!
Such a cute gif .... Good Morning
It was so terrific be doing it again tomorrow.
You are amazing, Carmen. Remember that. Just in case lang na nakakalimutan mo.
Pagii
Rate promo di perpanjang sampe 31 okt yaa
Wajib dp no cod (gausah dm)
Exclude room ..
Krn msh butuh bnyk
Essential oils they have some specifically for menstrual cramps
Oh, nice coffee
saw 2 episodes so far.
Thank you so much, Jon!
this is why I do my own now and definitely mind it at all
No problem! I hope your paintings find new homes soon
I LOVE THIS VIDEO DJSJDJ and u
Realllly what looking for next year
Virat is the Best player
Right back at ya!
Always great to see my favorite field reporter on tv
Verge $XVG price: $0.014313
We verified that Binance is accepting new users!
Stop whining better days are coming.
Talia Swift
Taking a much needed mental health day off work tomorrow
I finally got my copy of your book (Thank you for helping me with this )
That is great
I started it today when I saw your post
I really want to watch this
everyone after our last show of the week: get some rest! Have a good two days off!
me as soon as I get home to
Focus on yourself, your life, your career, your family, your real friends & most importantly your happiness.
If you tell me happy birthday today .... suck my ass
Yes. That's her new account. Thank u for supporting her She's a friend and moot of mine
EPISODE GOD, I HAVE SIN AGAIN. Lol, WHY THE DEVIL MAKE DO I'M JUST SAYING
LOVE YOU DOMO!
24. Talents
Probably music and writing...
Don't need the info And try to be nicer to others, please. Or not, up to you. Night!
Please be patient and keep my heart, till we meet again
Cuddle weather
A favourite subject of mine
Best personal experience is how face dropped when I told
LOL. I see what you did there...
Netflix is giving me reason to stay at home without getting bored.
Hiii make 4 make?
(I'll use my two accounts for your campaign(s) )
It can be my evening happy
Thanks, man.
Ar work orgams
Tik Tok, Tik Tok, Tik Tok...
Just 11 Days Only ... Excited
View every Sunday Thanksgiving Alpha, Apalit Convention
I got it on dvd
That's what I do when I make them the smell always reminds me of Christmas
My photo of the moon that I took just a few hours ago I took it because I noticed how bright it was
Open the picture! in the second message
Good Morning, have a nice Monday & a fantastic week ahead
It is a Angel Number , like the angels are listening to you and ready to grant your wish
come watch me
On Hand soon Pm me for orders! Thanks!
Hiii make 4 make?
(I'll use my two accounts for your campaign(s) )
Some one wanna pay for my lash extensions?
WIHHH MANTUL TERUSKAN KAK
Thank you lex
Ima be the type of wife that decorates the house by seasons
Oh, okay. If I'm ever free to talk, I'll message you.
The greatest remedy for anger is delay.
Seneca
GM
I have a hard time feeling bad when sipping a coffee
I am so happy you found them
I ended my night watching the Skins deliver a painful loss to the Cowboys it helped
Been a longggg weekend Both kiddies sick..tears, fevers, but lots of hugs
Him and I
Shah for And reddy for
Happy birthday
Be proud of yourself for how far you have come
make sure I add you!
2 pembeli pertama dapat bonus 1 Sheet MeloMeli Color Therapy Mask Taehyun's Pick (Propolis, Royal Jelly, Honey)
A great perk of being married is your partner telling you they love your big ole ass when you both know you have an ass
Hiii make 4 make?
(I'll use my two accounts for your campaign(s) )
Amen! waste your time on the losers telling you that you lost.
GM
nasa EB si cardo? Yes!!
Hey!I appreciate it and yea I hope so too lol
definitely vote for The Bro!! We could all work on his campaign
welcome back to PH, Mom & Dad.
Toda menininha!
Start your Monday on a refreshing note by listening to live now at SUNO FM 89.4
Stay tuned
Unwind
Mmmm vale amor esta bien
Thanks dude! Yeah I really like how it turned out
Hopes this answers your question
muy lindo.
20181020 KCBL
D-336
thank you! Healing has been pretty smooth (if annoying/uncomfortable) thus far! Going back to work tomorrow
Wanna go there? Lez go
Awwww matching opa ops shirts...I want what you guys have
Uhhhh its innocent I swear
I know
We literally just talked about that this morning haha we will for sure
Bad Ideas to bring in the New Year (100 Photos)
That's it! I'm following your account now.
bout to be out
The best gyud ka maam ba
Binance has the highest trading volume on any exchanges
Click here:
$NANO
Why all time wish to God Happiness always to my sister and all her sadness only to me
My day started with this..... Soo proud
Thank you! We miss you
If you choose to see things in a positive way, I swear you will be so much happier!
With you guys I don't think there's something I should even be scared of Thanks ate.
Last week be stress free..
Is he one of your source of inspiration?
Thank you
OmiseGO $OMG price: $3.33
HURRY! Binance is currently accepting new users
Every one should love the nature
After 6am, we also have 09:30am session.
This week only - Free training - BJJ every day 9:30am
Every
Warning...watching this will make you smile and possibly cause cuteness overload
Ok thank you, I appreciate that. We both stan Gaga, so just be happy about that
Boa noite
I'm so sorry, hehehe pero sasamahan naman kita eh
You look amazing Steph ! Miss you
I hope please follow back
Awwww, thank you so much! glad to have her as a friend. We are actually going to catch up tomorrow
Omg so lucky! I wanted to go today but my schedule was so tight. Until we meet again . Hopefully, I'll meet you for Day6
Sexy baristas are the perfect morning pick-me-up (32 Photos)
All I need is one good travel buddy
Bang hot babes
amateur allure anal mature brittany andrews large teacher
Intento ser Kawaii vale! Jajaja y andaba en pijama xDDD
I figured I could get my extra hours during the week instead.
Thanks for sharing Coffee Break! Glad you like it
Wow! What did you learn from this Bible verse?
Thanks buddy
Thank you!
Thank you..
Si nathalia anduve
lmfao he tweaking? Do I need to pull out receipts i think tf not . try me like Ian cute
Haha best show ever! Love the drama!
Ayun oh, unang panalo Kumusta kaya perf ni TheaMercs
Happy Birthday Miss you!!!
Praying for the best. I hope you'll be my 'best'. Maybe today, I'm refering to someone but I know one day, I'm
give it a shot
Por eso yo me con
I have so much in store for the new year I wait
Other bae. So sweet when she is asleep.
Something will come to you
U Owe It To Yourself
Yes,you are right
tried a colored one this time.
Hope he lets you hit bro
Okay!
WelcomeVineeth Brother
I switched to your side
This month we also enjoyed a fun experience with in
.
.
Careful there. That doesn't mean just in elevators!
Awesome
Spanish Bay Golf Course
Well I definitely learned from it. Thanks for caring enough to give me a better perspective
really the simple things
De La Salle University's Library
They have a good selection huh?!?
Awesome! They really are cute. I was hoping after his "Frozen" pic the other day he'd be more willing to let you post
Ongoing now!!! See u at CHE Sensorium!
I know..
After i give you this L done for the night
I went on an amazing hike today
good morning with very big sweet smile
Fresh week... fresh morning... fresh awesome look
Victor x Onay
tinyhedwig IG
Thank you
So happy to see you like that again. Sana magpatuloy To God be the glory!
GO TVL A2!!!!
Support ko kayo kahit pinapatay nyo na ko HAHAHAHAHAHA
so much love for you guys
God bless sa cheerdance tomorrow
well ctfu then
Then read the first word again.
SweetDreams twitterville Those who truly know me know which way i roll on 1/4 LBers & for the past few
It's a playsuit...jumper thing but thank you it's super comfy...I love it...
RTxRT
Lovely sasha I want to see you playing piano
Thanks
Following you
Thanks
Baka naman libre nalang yan oy haha di joke Lang iloveyou all but I'm really broke now
Pull up
Thanks for the Spoiler but happy to
Remember I told y'all that I have a house producer /Dj friend??
Well, this is his work!
Please share this with
as fast as I hoped thank you for the comment and I hope you had a fantastic run too
Keep in mind, this caravan is smaller than a Trump rally We the People greatly outnumber them
RTxRT
Ex: oy arat?
Me: busy ako ehh, final week
Ex: fun s*x Lang
Me: sige arat
Namjoon I respect you sincerity and enjoyment in producing music. Thanks for working hard. We wait to hear those songs!!!
Jakey-bear rocking his Roshambo Buellers while apple picking this weekend Thanks for the great
I know. Where you are, I was.
Good Morning Monday
.
.
Senyumlah sikit
.
Tag your love
Welcome
Yesyes. ta?
And you repay to favour! You beat academic mamas supporting other academic mamas!
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Right. But I didn't know that.
Today isn't just
an ordinary day
Today I'll create
Something
Beautiful....
Good morning
Binance has the highest trading volume on any exchanges
Click here:
$NANO
So proud
Did God speak into your heart recently?
So a lot of people don't know who my bias is. This makes me happy.
Hai , if you are interested to apply the membership u can straight purchase on melon global ticket.
Happy 300k followers!!! sana isa po ako sa mapili nyo
Thank you
I will be ok one day
Yes, potatoes works have you tried sweet potato fries?
And the work week again weekend's go way too fast
Happiest birthday to talented singer have a great year ahead may God bless you with happiness always stay blessed
from Philippines
This is my latest blog post....I'm having to say good-bye to an old friend.
she will NEVER be me
Shout out to those people who are tired but didn't tend to give up
More more blessings to come
-single pero masaya
please always take care of yourself along with the other members and enjoy your ongoing tour i am and i will
So only 17 of us from the group went on rollercoasters but I had soooo much fun today meeting new people
This season?
you really shouldn't push your luck
Hey there sister
Good Morning mam with lots of lovelove u
Okay. Get new one from nearest Apple Store.
My best friend spending the night I lonely no more
Thank you
Balita ko, pupunta raw ang Cyberhians from Iloilo!
I won 2 tournys out of the 5! However I didn't get to play the 1st day that much so hopefully next time I can win more
Counting my mombes
Excited for this week should be fun time!
Thank you It's so relaxing.
Thanks for adding me in your list,@WriterOfPassion
After ilang hours ng labor. Success Thank you lord for the safe delivery kahit may 1 hindi pinalad
I like to take coffee in morning
Except they they are a man or they are a woman.
or ang counted?
Arnie guapo kaayo ka ba
Superb ! It's a sign
Ride like the wind
Are you reading my mind? Was just about to post something about her. absolutely fascinating! Also, I would too
They freeing my heart tomorrow
Thank You Cho Coco
Abangers na mamaya..
It was one of the first times that me and my boo looked at the stars together, so happy
That's very cute
Had a great weekend! Even got to drag my girlfriend to guitar center
good morning with cute n innocent look
Fresh week... fresh morning... fresh look
Simply
See yaa
Sorry no stream today folks! I got to watch some of my best friends get married today Will resume streaming tomorrow night!
If you need someone to talk to, DM me
GRACIAS
Precious drawing and I have one
Massage kta sir. With special ES.
Happy happy birthday to my boy hope it was as good as your witty comebacks
wait to see you tonight! also waaay too excited for this tattoo
Anu p pong available na member dito?
Happy monday everyone
Spread the positivity & don't negativity ruin your day!
Prescott Courthouse
Yes, thank you!
It matter they are both fantastic lol la la land is a slower pace so I might pick that one to go first if I had to
Anybody who interested, you can purchase through global melon ticket.
!!!
My friend got a ticket to malaysia if anyone interested can dm me
I got You got Park Woo Jin! - QUIZ: Which Wanna One Member Is Your Soulmate?
I hope this movie will be release this week
Thank you!! I actually found the fabric on Spoonflower
A S S E S M E N T
Enjoying this bomb horchata knowing lactose and imma be in pain in a few minutes
Mail time!
Thank you so much ciocolati for sending me your nama chocolates! I can't wait to try them
MUKBANG
I will Brb be. Imma go chase someone. Dejk Hahaha
Lol that I am.
You are off the charts in more ways than one ! But you may want to reflect on this
Hi! May I know where'd you get all these?
thank you
I take train to go to airport even for work. Our lightrail run using green energy!
Fair enough I like them.
Hello din.
We all have those moments. actually fairly relaxed right now. Nice change. But I still like this).
worth the read para sa may mga suicidal thoughts
Hi Bec hope you have a great day
Usana products FOR SALE !!!
PM me for orders and details.
Thanks
I go behind you, I do not miss any of your video thank you
You're very very blessed
Happy birthday bebe!!!! labyouu always
Gimana kl mas Addie kolaborasi dgn God bless .. Spt metallica dgn Michael Kamen dulu
Sino si Ate Dawn? Zulueta?
Been to Quito yet?! where my grandparents are from
KEEP BEING AWESOME OK?! HOPE YOU HAVE A GREAT NIGHT! you too!!!!
SE VA ACERCANDO LA FECHA!!! FALTAN PARA VOLVER A VERTE EN MI
so real! I love shows like this. Thank you love.
Yes! It was my first time today! It was awesome
Hey, do you. I never cared.
2
I'll get a phone number after work
Goodnight
Clarence Moriwaki.
rt to be in jacks fattoes
-TAKE A JOKE
discuss the gc name after its made
-stan jack avery
-be a fat toe
-be nice
-have fun
I always love seeing Norman on my TV And hey Ana we are all here for you next week
I just missed you so i posted our photo
Will be seeing this show on Nov 9! Can't wait! So excited!
my week
Hey there! The team is looking into this. Please hang in there , we'll get you an update as
You really have a good body bb nakakamiss. Pero we respect your decision. Hihihi Aweee thank you Medyo bet ko
Beautifully said, from your soul one must gather.
Your welcome always bro
Thanks
CAN SOMEONE PLEASE GO WITH ME TO THE PUMPKIN PATCH
Thank you
Good morning
As a support for I'll go mono for both my twitter pic & header!!!
Cant wait for Mono by !!!
Which character's journey in Boogie Nights is your favourite? Curious to hear your answers
Selanat hari santri
Favorite person
Titanic
Blake spoke very kindly to the papa to turn their lights off. And they did and he said thank u. Perfect gentleman
I subscribed
Wow, thank you so much!
my mantra for the rest of my life
O H A Y O
your finger prints are on my arm, pressing charges
cough is the catalyst for leaving the show.
Literally the best night I had in a long time
I barely see u wearing violet or purple. I wish u would post a selfie in violet/purple shirts/pants/ or anything.
Remove him from the plane...even if it's still in the air.
the only way to live a full life. Be true to yourself & enjoy life with no regrets!
get on ps4 and carry you
What a throwback
Thanks
Good morning
just an appreciation post for she is a treasure.
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
I have the best wife on this universe
I do. Meet my friends!
Reality
Gracias,
Cool and then perhaps will visit the day after Trump
Nice session today with visitor from Philippines
Also, this was my first time rolling with adults since injury
done
I've read Warcross and The Last Magician!
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
Check out our interview with
Go somewhere warm
Same!!! My are open for this also
Congrats, Kim!
Thanks for the article but I straighten my hair so many of those styles suitable, thanks for commenting though
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
only excited about the winter bc i can finally pull out my turtles & fur coats
I been since elementary school so time to revisit.
Agree!
Hahaha! fight it! Our boys are so happy so happy too
How much?
It only takes three words to say it
is sweetest when
-Howard Schultz, CEO, Starbucks
Author of Your Heart Into
My first time pumpkin carving..and it was a hoot!
.
.
TENANG TENANG.
TARIK NAFAS.
AKU TIDAK AKAN GOYAH
Oh, yes, Steph would get along with Charon! Charon would perch on her arm and be really affectionate.
I can offer some tooth-rotting getting-together fluff
There are approx 300 options for a family of 4 over Christmas & you can specify a particular location in Durbs...
Guess what doing ? Watching videos so I can learn back end development so one day I can be a full stack developer
Crazy, a Model S owner and all you Model 3 guys are makin me jealous. . Just kidding, I love my S and the every mini me out there!!
Subs like you are what make findom amazing. Be good to your domme and keep it up!
You be correct My Lady!
wait
Happy Monday everyone lets get this bread
Yes super agree.
is iknow bb
im home and tired and ready for bed but happy.
Just FYI, you are A Texan. You are NOT Texas. But if it helps, go along and call you crazy anyway.
Que lindo recordar esos tiempos
Me encanta cuando lo dice...
finally!!!
Way too many for me to choose but definitely something composed by John Williams
I totally agree. Lift up our boys without dragging somebody down. Lift up their idols without downgrading our boys.
: I miss having red dreads imma go back soon ...
I am truly blessed
Thank you
Followed you back
Oh no! Feel better. But glad you had fun.
definitely worth it! yay! going to have so much fun! I loved Bryce NP if you get the chance to check it out
Saw her earlier, and I was able to hear her voice again.
If anyone wants to get paid $19 an hour & has managing experience lmk
Are you a fan of marvel movie series? yes po. halos tanan nila movie nakita na nko
Im so fine wherever I go
yah gurl
Tactful words
I am very protective of myself
when i fuck him i got good intentions...of ruining his life
Have a nice week
Thank you so much for the opportunity, Kach!
I can also be contacted at on twitter and IG
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Hi wazzup, its me again Hello anon.
GAME NA ULIT
Oh Ben, your smiles are so easy on the eyes.
Yup, ready for a boyfriend.
Reminder: you belong in whatever room (coffee shop, meeting, subway etc.) you walk into.
Thanks a lot!
So lovely
Get delicious vegetarian ingredients delivered straight to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh
on YouTube
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
Christine, you're a supermodel. Hahaha. Stay beautiful and creative.
Thank you bro
welcome! Feel free to DM me if you ever want to talk!
Finally!!! I got back to Diamond in Onmyoji Arena Going for Elite next
20.10.18
Agree! Some misunderstandings and communication is always key
||I will
Living room motivation In the works with my mama on redoing my living space!! be more excited
I know what happened to that tweet! But here are announcements
Hi Vi! Does U2 ever do "The Three Sunrises" in concert?
That's my favorite U2 song ... just curious
Today was a good day. taking this one day at a time
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Sketching a concept I'm developing this week. Not bad for 99% lefty... Righty is occupied by an adorable boy.
I also acquired this cute lil rose quartz necklace
Oo naman
Oh, well, I totally ship you two.
Terrible translator. Ha. I will translate it: I know nothing, but it matter. I am very happy.
Thank you so much
This guy says otherwise
I hope everyone had a nice weekend!
Currently
Spent all day at the mall today playing PoGo. Got another Mewtwo. Had a great time with friends and family.
Now I'm fucking exhausted.
Lol true. Thanks
Listen... we all know once go to playoffs choke. even show up. So see.
Great intermission performance,
Share them donuts and make someone's day.
Good Morning
So so love for then I miss fell them so much
if ethan decides to carve a fking penis, he better make it small so it matches his own
Hot season and hot you
On a lighter note... My plan B is in motion.
Binance has the highest trading volume on any exchanges
Click here:
$NANO
She love my kids like they hers
actually pouring rain in Kuwait. Sounds so good
I looked super cute for church today
Nobody beats holy hog brisket though.
Thanks girl... just trying to get on your level
The hopping around is a little hard to follow.
ME AND MY PHONE IS ALWAYS BLOWING UP.
A smooch? I hope i win!
what kind of animal would i be though?
Read & understand
Awww!! Yes, it was my first time seeing it - and I really enjoyed it
The museum is doing a series on
Hey!! I know you are counting down to see the vocal slayer
Your Welcome
Q bom
Hanap hanap ng source.
V.3 "Trust in the Lord with all your heart, and lean not on your own understanding"
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
Guten Morgen
Don't trust anybody who say they don't eat (ass).
There, I fixed it for you.
All we need is pag-ibig Jesus loves you
Muchas gracias Jorge!
Boa noite
it was a nice day
Impressive score for 2017 . Keep it up
Received one too.
I love when people make playlist for me
wow so that's why you pressed yourself in what ppl talked abt your faves, bc you have a warm heart
Day 20 and Day 21 for my drawings
Aw thank you
Actually the fault is mine..
I hope so! such busy hehe. I hope 2019 brings traveling together again! Somewhere with lots of water hehe
Then I support the change
called the African Sausage tree !
My dream is to become an Illustrator & writer too!
glad they arrived safely! Thank you~
good morning with sweet smile
Fresh week... fresh morning... fresh look
hair style
Let's move forward
FELIZ DIA DE LAS MADRES...!!!
A TODAS LAS MAMIS QUE CONOZCO.
Y GRACIAS A TODAS LAS QUE ME SALUDARON.
Y EN
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
We're "in"!
Happy monday How's your day so far?
You've always been my happy pill
It will make more sense watching it afterlm lol I was obsessed!
25 and 41 please
you were mine
/||\
for a night
||
i dont know how
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
It was Wednesday but we had my real party yesterday night
CREDITS TO THE OWNER!
mine are like that too thank you
245k AWESOME
Concrats
I can't wait for the fish vest
WE ARE ALIVE
Balik na po ako sa healthy lifestyle and financial kemeruts.
Food and money diet na ulit hihi.
Be bettah
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
Meet the usherettes tatak BSED ...
Congrats to the newly wed couple Dzai Nikki Babe Pesquera Caraballe and
It's good having more to talk about the plot I missed it.
Hey Mr. Choi, I think you should wear your hair like that more often. Looking good
Have a nice week
Son 19 para mi
So much Enjoy
the best is yet to come!
Help rt please tqvm for the help
Ask me anything!
Hey im having extra two tickets for the ioi citymall putrajaya can pm me if you're interested
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
Thanks for your hardwork, inch. This thread will be missed
Laying in bed watching girlfriends
Oh...carry on
Thank you so much, Dan! Really appreciate the kind words. I'm ok with Hell as long as there
Please keep it up!!! I love it
and I carved pumpkins today
Her pumpkin is a wonderful Mitchirineko marching band
Thank you very much!
Spotted
my girl
You look super cute when you smile
When he cash app thats my favorite part
- Hiiii Pooh you so sweet and you know I love your personality
Rise and Shine
Gud Morning Everyone Have A Great Week Ahead
Thx
Morning
just a situation
Check out Carl Jung and Sigmund Freud. They have explanations.
Naaahh me and my crutches sitting this one out lol but I know be in there all cute with your pjs
Guyss fall for him!! and good luck for the comeback guys!!
That would be a treat for sure!!
took a picture of me smiling and i actually like it..
so glad you said hello. It was a joy to see you!
Being called beautiful by the person that means the most is the best
Thank you for the ga!
Welcss! See you around
UST Faculty on training!
maybe i deserved it
i am the worst friend, daughter, and sister
i feel like im going to break one of these
My husband bucked me, so I raan down on his ass. He said biiiitch how the hell you so strong like
Bem gordinha
please take your time! stress about it
Aww, thanks girl
Legacy bearers.
At last.
if you can
Found $10 cleaning up
Yep, almost the pic my nephew sent.
Frio.
I purple u . We purple u .
Great presentation, I got it through Ripe 77 Marseille
thank you!
good morning with simply beautiful look
Fresh week... fresh morning... fresh look
Off to SM North EDSA in a bit!
ofc not hahaha, he actually supported me all the way through. it was just something personal between us
welcome
lmfaoo I think ready for her interview now
Were you that road crew member?
this just the cutest thing ever?
Their little cheer and them hugging each other is just so cute!
-
New (1:400)
Remote Key Button Cover Compatible with Porsche, Jaronx Key Fob Center Button
Cod area Selangor/KL
This two are soo cute..
Goodluck
Waiting too hi Bella
S A L E S A L E S A L E
GOT7 ALBUMS
threads
please moots pa retweet
( PH only )
Did you guys achieve those tiers by hacking hahahahhaha
Wake up wake up, good morning eonniya
Help rt please tqvm for the help
message us on Instagram!
Give me a link to retweet
Nvm. I fixed it
good morning daddy taba, please guide us always thank you for everything rest well.
adjust
My Job is my happy place
So love for them I fell miss so much
Clippers and Golden state lost tonight
Happy First Day of Last Sem, my co-graduating batchmates!!
At work 40 mins early
22/10 Morning briefing mengawali hari dan minggu ini
Good Morning guys
Today you're even farther away...
my birthday coming so quick
then start get the PS4 for MHW and then start slowly built getting game for PS4 for on9&non on9 game (as
Aw thank YOU for helping, every stream counts
Be patient your time is coming
I do that all the time. Bitches sponsor me
I love my literally heaven for the hair.
espero que te guste!!!
plan something! free after my exams tmrw
Morning moose hope you had a good weekend
Tonight was lovely...
I never been shopping at the galleria but I'm happy to be doing so with my best friend next week
Have you been watching & what do you think so far? & ?
Yo fui en la xd
Wow how lovely thank you you also have s blessed night see you soon hopefully
10 de Septiembre
This week will be special
i wish that karma can give u lesson
At least, this will reduce pollution levels a bit. Think positive.
Star Wars
Can't wait to learn about making money from another Amazing Black soul
Uyyy. Sakto I need this one. Thank you
+2
I'll be back
He been gone 2 min & I miss him already . These 2 days with him was everything
Introverts... hear this Should I Stay Or Should I Go (Out)? | Psychology Today
Aww thanks!! Goodluck din on your acads All the best
Problem with human beings is jumping to conclusions Thank you for declaring my brokeness Enjoy your wealth muzukulu
Keep up the great work Shelby
Stop muting me
Thank you!
Love this vibe
Its here, almost. Get your tickets
Como libertador ser multiplataforma
Hi. I think it says daily comment limit exceeded. We can only comment up to 10 times per day.
Wiping the slate clean, simply restarting my life one at a time. Lets start this week right
*Today's Mrng 1st Beautiful Sai Darshan*
* OM SAI RAM *22/10/18
Good morning Shri
Yeah, that's alright, go ahead
Yay!!! Now convince jazmin to go this Saturday
So beautiful can't wait to see little man
But lemme stop feeding into negativity on social media cuz not me at all.
Guten Morgen
Good morning have a nice day di
welcome
Tagged by for the 3 songs 5 friends tag
Finesse - Bruno Mars
In The End - Linkin Park
I Get
I just handed in a paper, guess time to go back to the bar
Oh, I know
that girl
Way to go,
Morning
snuggled up with him gn
Been on it since I was 16 .. pop the pill and go on with my day
O son pendejos...
Gws babe
Ain't nobody in they feelings address that next time
on the positive...i got some skin goodies
That is awesome
Follow ig kami.
Thank you
get me from school tomorrow & eat some on me
now that I have proven my point most clearly I'll be on with my night
Es usted una gran mami.
We can't wait
Try reading fics by LittleSpoonStyles94.....A Darker Shade of Love is on going but only had 3 chapters left till the and
My Ngga Such A Big Baby All He Wanna Do Is Lay Up Under Me but I Like That Shit
Thank you
really a nanny
You're welcome, Lili!
Good morning have a nice day dear
I already listen to their songs but thanks
You got me into them no regrets
Oh wow!!! wait to see a video of their reaction!
why?
you are bootyful a girl as bad as you don't need to cry
stay up
Let's go with the fuckery
your first follower
We are Gunners we are football
Awweh i'm a girl. My name is Amreen Jade - AJ is my short name that people call me so yeah. Don't ask sorry it's fine
welcome
EPISODE GOD, I HAVE SIN AGAIN. Lol, WHY THE DEVIL MAKE DO I'M JUST SAYING
I really complain about shit after the weekend i had
I am doing well and wonderful. Been super busy with my side hustle. But otherwise.... Zero complaints.
Talk to Liz. She steer you wrong!
Um you...sh*t was enlightening
Let go of the anxiety, breathe. going to have a great week , get through it just like you always do. All is well
Great Maritza hope you are as well
Thanks Bonnie
Sunrise at Djuma requested by Christina T at dam cam chat
And there won't be another life ..
So live to ur fullest
Happy Birthday
Thuppakki vida kaththi than most fav for me
asyiqin. please
Good morning
Smile...the simplest language even a baby can understand...
Thanks for sharing the link
10 days remaining
Releases in 10 days!
OCT 31
But if you go to Disney the happiest place on earth than good.
Yep. not impossible that Phoebe is bi, would be pretty cool tbh
Keep yaa
Thank God, You did it very well...
Here are all our shows for the remainder of the year
I rly do love myself sometimes
Thank you.
Look at them go
Evolving And thank you.
I let my toxic job go yesterday and I already feel 10x better.
I'm sleeping like a Queen in a California king
The apartment is coming along.
Now back to the bitch who
claroooo
Bang Me today
girls gone wild nude massage vibrator sloppy
On to the next
Evlo tym parthalum feel pana vaikura movie
all you ima mind my business
So babe finally got the job and he starts tomorrow. I'm so happy.
yer welc
Thank God, You did it very well...
That's awesome!
Beautiful and mesmerizing Sunrise at Djuma dam cam
The Houston Rockets lost 112-115 to the LA Clippers?
How fucking lovely
Good luck n have a good work week!!
Hello Faizal....
Working on my second cup
20181020 KCBL
When you have fling out clothes but your friend lets you borrow her clothes girls casino night
Family time at unexpected moments ARE seriously the best!
17c is good
you know what upsets me? when I tell someone to let me know when they make it home & they never let me know
Hi! Please check my DM po
We can control very few things in life but can have faith that rest of the things too will work out in our favor
Oops been busy almost forgot goodnight Bridget
Go to your settings and view your apple id > click on subscription > click cancel subscription
I was never angry.... we argued, an argument doesn't have to be a fight
i never really made a charm before but !!! makes one of my kiddos for fanfest
Friday, November 9th - Philly will be in 2019 though Get your tickets for the show
Another tough semester I need to face. Wish me luck
Another one for you
MAGA
I have a whole conversation with myself
My English skill is poor, Can you read it even a bit? so I will be happy Thank you~
high prized bts ships can choke hahaha jk lang ships can peacefully co exist ah hehehe pero taejin parin
find out who your friends are on your birthday
Friday, November 9th - Philly will be in 2019 though Get your tickets for the show
DAT ME
Binance has the highest trading volume on any exchanges
Click here:
$NANO
Shit tastes so sweet
Happy happy happy Birthday to this little Princess of us Zahaira Kin Apin Deleon...
We love you God bless
Mero pani happy birthday .. bless your self
Yippee, my cookies are done. Peanut butter with white chocolate.
You was that bitch until i showed up
Nice! Talented!
Why was Mahomes left in the game so long? going to get 100 of these.
dami mong crush There's nothing wrong with that, I'm single u know
my legs
DK Friday, November 9th - Philly will be in 2019 though
Happy to be back on the east coast working on Movie
My Grandmother wore that! I remember that smell!!
more cocomaine gif pls i miss cho coco and pamengkin eh.
S A L E S A L E S A L E
GOT7 ALBUMS
threads
please moots pa retweet
( PH only )
dm me for a
on Day-1 of Total 23.80C Collection! An extraordinary collection for in that time And it
New investment.
I tagged along w D to an AA meeting today & after he helped me w my stats homework. We made a good couple
Friday, November 9th - Philly will be in 2019 though Get your tickets for the show now
Agora to exagerando
Mas nem tanto
And I sang that in my head
Anong puro nalang halik?!
Hindi naman ah,
ctto
Is not Jisoo and her stans, is Jisooand blinks we are all one
Hi Safarians almost there ... cats cats and cats hopefully
Oo, unsa man? Take this as a challenge
Malam terakhir di daratan... (@ Sheraton Parkway Toronto North Hotel & Suites in Richmond Hill, ON
You are . . .
Good morning
How her face lights up at the sight of Alden. Sarap sa heart.
Congratulations!!!
still wondering when going to invite me for dinner!! is hot!
I cut my thumb today & had to get it stitched up
20181020 KCBL
D-336
No Work For 2 Wks Idk What To Do With Myself
You don't believe in sihir and saka ke bang? Sorry, no hate. Just really curious
Good morning
Im so nosey but they both told me some cute names
Where there is a will there's always a way
No gym, no problem .
.
good morning
App store > acct
Recently is the first time I've felt legitimately happy in such a long time. It's been great
Abbee and Eduardo playing on the new air hockey table
Hunted House & Pumpkin Patch weekend was successful
Good morning
Thanks God for 20th years na naging faithfull sakin at never akong iniwan. Labyu Lord
They just make you unique!!! I love that
Ima leave it at that
I want someone who won't get me tired of me.
Hala thank you Renz!
If the Oilers win the next two, I'll nominate you to wear an animal of your choice, during your interviews
Goodnight and when I wake up its a new year for me
Hey!!! Hope having an awesome time! When do you come back home?
Thanks Ryan! And for hosting a lawn sign too
Practice
Thanks for the suggestion.
goodnight
Folded and hanged all my washed clothes
Only took me a week this time
Congratulations Ranveer Bhai
Best Wishes For Your New Life
Jimin embodies this emoji
Sushi Catering for he Wedding of Saryono & Yosie at Java Paragon
It is a pleasure for us to be able to serve on
Thank you for sharing THE SCIENCE OF HAPPINESS
Hope you all have a lovely day!
Good morning
Who God blesses no man can avoid prosperity
Friday, November 9th - Philly will be in 2019 though Get your tickets for the show now
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
Minimum of 10 orders to push through
Baby girl you fine fine and be slaying TF outta people hair! PERIOODDD
I'm good off him.... can't trip on him
Ravens, Bengals and Browns all lost
and enjoy what you love, dont let others make you feel bad for loving what you do
Long way to go, nikai. Let Your will be done
Like I said the other day..
...or when my weight changes if ever
But the stars are nice though
Thank you!!
Yayyy
Hi Jared
New clothes for my husband and new shoes for me make me so happy
Thankyou so much for book having sex w/ me
FR & bukti DP. Meskipun lebih banyak yg COD
and fine with that
The Chiefs absolutely EMBARRASSED the Bengals
This month we also enjoyed a fun experience with in .
.
maaf jen, td excited album dateng jd ndak liat ini malah liat dm kamu dulu. As we discussed, we're fine now i was wrong too
Thank you so much for the support
Ur welcome ate
I'm screaming that you were happy on my birthday.
Ayiiiieeeeee!!
TRUE
VERDON KERATIN HAIR SPA TREATMENT
good for 1-2 months. Depends on how you will use it
DIRECTIONS : Shampoo
Gorgeous day
You can join my GA, who knows you'll be the lucky one
Love coming home to Sunday dinner
I will definitely think pink!
Goodmorning Thank You Lord
Congratulations Deepika Di
Best Wishes For Your New Life
Being in twitter. Case resolved.
Hi, Include please Commentary in Fifa Mobile 19 and Include at least 2or3 Skill moves for 1 player Thank you
Friday, November 9th - Philly will be in 2019 though Get your tickets for the show now
Still caged as usual.
Another great trip around the sun for the incomparable
Thanks Obama. Biggest deficit? No thanks Trump
Do the whole song
Can someone find a good illegal movie site..... asking for me
Thank you!!
Absolutely no problem! all been there at least, I have (on Sundays & Mondays, Tuesdays,
Trem bala trem bala
Hi
Question:
Are you going to carry the body lotion with the dispenser on HSN like you have on your website?
for anyone that would like to order my book :
Houndour CP920 L29
-23.6447,-70.4034
Shiny check
Good morning
so close!
I wna be manhandled wite on this desk bruises would look nice wht do u think
Had a heavy weekend?
Happiness comes from
Success comes from
Hard work comes from your
So
Time to be myself again
Give me a few months and you can love on mine
Good morning, Happy Monday
Friday, November 9th - Philly will be in 2019 though Get
ME!!!!!!!!!!!!! bibi let's meet again? We met last for your GA! IDK if you remember!
Thank you
Today looks
Use $50 credit for users Code MIGUELT SullivanCounty
NOICE! Careful not to convert the inspiration to pressure! definitely need my mayors signed btw
Thankyou sir alan! Godbless po.
Selamat Hari Santri
so ready to have our master bedroom and bathroom
to another day of outward smiling and inward rage screams
hot fun day!
he does Lively lil meow meow makes me giggly
Friday, November 9th - Philly will be in 2019 though Get your tickets for the show now
So going ??
Hindi ako mahilig gumanti pero I think, you'll learn from this.
He asked me what we are? We just cordial
You're welcome! I can't wait to have your book! All the best and much joy to you!
Thank you, I will
Hi beautiful!! Stressed na siya pero I know keribelles mo yan
Friday, November 9th - Philly will be in 2019 though Get your tickets for the show now
Thanks, I'll try it!
Setting
Friday, November 9th - Philly will be in 2019 though Get your tickets for the show now
I totally agree with the cuddle lovely
I miss you my dear brother. How have you been? I hope you are doing well over there in Osaka
Felice nuova settimana
League heal the wound
Friday, November 9th - Philly will be in 2019 though Get your tickets for the show now
You bitches should ALREADY know
Friday, November 9th - Philly will be in 2019 though Get your tickets for the show now
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off
Go jERNAN! Go for PURITY!
My mom made a twitter yassssss
It feels good to be a Chiefs fan. No more mediocrity
Ooooh in trouble ! Go make up
Today was fun Hoy fue un divertido con los amigos
And I love knowing that great people love the videos have you subscribed to the channel?
Friday, November 9th - Philly will be in 2019 though Get your tickets for the show now
Dear Monday, I want to break up. seeing Tuesday and dreaming about Friday. Sincerely, not me, you.
I just want everyone to be happy
Alhamdulillah. U made my day. Thank u so much. It was pleasure u responded with so much good n kind words.
Jordan Knight has always been my favourite New Kid... ok I lie.... Donnie Wahlberg too.
Friday, November 9th - Philly will be in 2019 though Get your tickets for the show now
No one can do that to me my tweets got deleted mysteriously
that's negotiable
[still cuts] D-13!
Yum.. And peaceful.
of course of course!!! dm dm nalang i remembered of course
Singles is on it!
The rose is Selena thing tbh but can borrow due to her numbers & logistics
Oka, Yoong. Nice to meet you!
at the hairdressers sitting waiting for my dye to set, so keen to see what it turns out like
kindly follow back
just requested a dollar from my uncle gf on cash app and she sent me 20 God bless her soul
opon yen gan stew
Lost in Cleavage
Crystal: Find let see I Dare hm....Music to kiss Circus
Wait what
Kate: Wow...
Henny: wow Crystal
Freakshow:
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off
Hog does give us a quick flash, but it's too dark to tell
House clean & candles lit
He is a monkey
Thank you.
Friday, November 9th - Philly will be in 2019 though Get your tickets for the show now
I'll go watch some episodes of the Mary Tyler Moore show now I've been "time tripping" to escape a bit
Thank you
just really truly bless
Thank you
Good luck tomorrow!!
Happiest Birthday to my source of happiness ang inspiration iKON haven't gone this far without you, your songs
Thank you po.
Good morning
Friday, November 9th - Philly will be in 2019 though Get your tickets for the show now
I miss
Rt for a good night
Twitter
The rose will forever be Selena thing tbh but can borrow due to her numbers & logistics
36. since love yourself tear is the vert first album i bought so love yourself tear
We're proud of Justice Kavanaugh
Damn, that's cold.
Be happy
Does anyone wanna get their eyebrows microbladed
Thank you love
Idk but ur always welcome to hml uk that
im glad chunghie is in mnh...they take such good care of her and they're all so so nice
She IS cute! thank you!
Congratulations
my Venmo is if curious
BUENAS NOCHES
Welcome Brandi! Good to hear
A very happy birthday to you bro
Love you
Might as well get high
Your welcome
Psalm 73:26 reading what you sent me helped take mine just wanted to thank you again!
Yes, this is Midnight speaking. Mel's always gonna be in the lead. It's really important to show women
Starting with a smile our stay in
Mind your business, sip on your favorite beverage, and take a nap.
Concordo
Wow. Nothing i can usefully say on that. Guess just wave hi hand you a and a nice scone. And smile
0x $ZRX is currently: $0.876571
We checked! Binance registration is currently open
Okay, thanks anyways
Wow 10 years already! Time flies when you are having fun
in
hello and I hope you are
Honey I Shrunk the Kids for my nostalgic craving
Well you nailed me on the term trompe Had to look that one up. Thanks you ! and I thought
Thought of you when I read this Have a great start to the week Shira and
Bang Me tonight
abbey brooks big black tits hot and mean riding dildo
Welcome Brandy. Good to hear
Good morning
so amazing if ever up here, show you around
Buenas noches Marta!
bonito
Power of
Good Night See You In The AM Sweet Dreams
I was thinking the same thing.
Very envious. I hope they release some video
Que rico tatoo
Caught a glimpse of my future
MILF Monday or just rockin\u2019 MOunDS? (36 Photos)
Seguimos
Thank you
N'Golo
My God said its time
Excited for PAX? You should be! Here are some tips to make your convention experience as enjoyable as possible
You got it! In my mind I did it. And that's what counts!
Friday, November 9th - Philly will be in 2019 though Get your tickets for the show now
correlated perpetration ,
Many many happy returns of the day
Lemme Gon head shoot this shot
sige bai. wait kita hehehehe take care and see you soon
Yes boo. We shot this in Tembisa
Picnic, star gazing , chilling at the beach , my kind of date
Good morning friend have a wonderful day
hey love just thinking about you, hope all is well
Thank You
Wooooow that was beautiful!
Hello I can't DM you. Interested with Yoongi's dope pc
I already got me a song I fw it I felt every word
glad to hear this
So me & my girls are gonna make a YouTube channel soon so get ready to subscribe
your stars are beautiful
Thank you, Dr Kara Holloway! Yes, I deserve a medal. Can I add this to my CV??? My day has been made!
Tuh a beautiful view
Will be joining you first time today.
You're welcome!
Wonderful to see you out and about on your wheels, Benson!! lovely autumn photo, you're so cute!! You make us smile.
The only bull fighting that I really enjoy
Hey nae pal
The best feeling after a long day
down friend
People are crazy I seen a lot of Morrissey autos on there cmon ppl
Thanks Katy! Me too! For you...
Thought you might like to see the finished product. (If you saw my last post). Switched it up a bit to Apple
Friday, November 9th Get your tickets for the show now
If my future husband is reading, I love animals crackers. Buy me animal crackers
Me too
About being Jameson Blake
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
here it is
I love watching our KINGS on vlive They make me so happy.
Suele pasar
refuse to aged
they can't touch queen Limitless huh or because it already has jpn ver
I'll followback later. Limit reached pa ang main ko.
my hair done bitchesss fr this time
Should've/would've/could've doesn't matter, still lost
Reverse order progression of environment concept art (final pass -> to previous post). Hope you like them!
it happens...you live and you learn
Good morning
literal is the sweetest thing thanks
my baby will be here in the morning
Today we are hosting ADRR as she makes her Official Visit to the Club.
Everyone is welcome
Sleepin with windows open tonight
Next year
teased the over like me
Friday, November 9th Get your tickets for the show now
Thank you! Hope you're having a great Halloween season.
Tengo 3 fondos de pantalla y una de bloqueo
Something tells me your Dad and mine (a WW2 POW who has passed) would have loved this rendition.
glad it was a great day!
This is why excited for you to read Paulo The Alchemist. so inspirational
You too! We will hopefully see each other soon!
When we support someone who is truly worth it, no need for any repayment!
Friday, November 9th Get your tickets for the show now
Just his wallet sa video na ito ... The phone is during the Skechers event.
Good Morning Friends
Have Great Day
Our Most Favourite Diva Queen
Uber eat , skip the dishes
well um be here
I literally had an amazing day on Saturday.
There has been betrayal. There's been lies. And even if I know you didn't want to hurt me, ginawa mo pa rin. (guess the movie)
Congratulations to us armys and
Thanks.
Puro nalang halikan?
Saan banda, ?
ctto
That moment when you realized that he grew up to be a good man. Makaproud.
Hehe it's okay!
it's not MTM but it just popped up on my YouTube looks delightful, no? Enjoy
Songs that i would like you all to hear :>
Highly Recommended yung The 1975 songs
hug you and tell you that loved on Saturday when I see you (also I need a picture of my
Basa Jawa noona
Gd morning Monday Happy New Week to all
Follow laughing_soul on mirakeeapp
About to have lunch..
Brother you good
Some self advice you should really take
So colourful ... let's shake that tree to spread the hearts all over the world
Genuinely happy
Totoo to... hehehehe also Dra baby
Then boom.. my nigga again
Still not showing their quality but i got what you said.
your so pretty
Hehehehe, yes, it's them.
LOL, Matt XDDDD
Yes, that's pretty accurate about Negan. I like that
Monday coffee with
Hello....
Flowers grow back even after they are stepped on so will i'
that means i did a good job
10) What I love most about myself? My energy and my ability to make people smile My loving and nice side
doing your fancy foot workagain. I wait for this video.
Holy crap. Nice, nice, nice pics. Thanks for sharing.
Been an army for 2 years
Thank you.
Thank you Mr President!!!
Selamat hari senin gengs
Yay! I wait
Imma chill all day, I finally got a break from stressful uni
Thank God
I look at u as one hun.
Manels friends, around the area.
I recently discovered your music and fell in love
good morning
My '97 loves. More JaeKyeom interaction please.
Goodluck girl wait to see pictures
Surgery ang team leadership
I came home to be w my mommy and not here sooo guess about to pull up on her
Thank you very much my special spoiler for my new blender, excited to be able to make my smoothies again
Thank you sa inyo unconditional love
Jan - March : 1st qtr
April - June : 2nd qtr
July - Sept : 3rd qtr
Oct - Dec : 4TH QTR
be more than happy to help you out if I can I think I have a google doc somewherewith links
May this day be grateful and blessed
Happy birthday self
BUNNY PLEASE LET US KNOW YOU ARE SAFE AND ALIVE. seen you in 2 days just checking on ya hope you are ok.
Yes, Parris was red tago! Lol so we just which was FREE for some reason! Thanks for checking on us!
I've heard of it but I never though of using it. Thanks for suggesting! I'm going to try and do that today
Thank you so much!!!
Yo guys! I am so excited to finish this video to share to you guys! Please watch the full video
Yes! The same goes for me This community is like a warm hottub. Bubbly and warm
Fab! How was Trainsurfer? love some feedback please
Super excited ATB to u sir make a big name ....
I'm so sorry idk what you're talking about.
Been loving my peaceful home sleeping alone and all nothing like peace and quiet and cleanliness
Good morning my inspiration.
At this rate mmg xkan available for bts punye laa
I'm happy to see them again!
Thank you to Donna for your like very nice of you,Have s lovely night
She make me stay in just ask her lmao but she might be bc trying after the wedding
Aww te quedaran geniales
son estos?
I really want to win this giveaway been trying since forever to win an OnePlus giveaway
happy birthday beautiful ! Hope today goes your way
Been in bed since 6:00... feels great but I have work to do & part of me wants to do it & the other part is saying continue to sleep
Random dm is kind of cute
Yaar vanthalum Ayogya release agum
And thank you! That took me many hours to make. It was my first time wood burning too. I am so glad you liked it anyway. Lol
Glad to see you in person ate Raq!
Muchas gracias
Okay I will. just hard because it want it to be fixed now Just let it workout hun push it
24. You have to cheat on someone physically to cheat. Js.
Good day everyone.
Was with what I saw tonight from my in the Blue and White game. And I am extremely with
Happy that you found the right guy
Its cold asf outside and I couldn't be happier
welcome
fans
Great thank you
bromies are their first fans there's nothing to be ashamed of
Hi yes I am a Desi communist account
7. favorite movie hmmm.. madami eh pero mostly mga movies ni Asa Butterfield
Are you going to Laval?
This hurts like hell but I keep telling myself, it's gonna get better but it's taking forever.
Bro hastag
subscribed wait
YES!YES! meron na sa GAISANO GENSANcan't wait to watch
Thank God
Awww thank you queen
My heart
Click on the photo to see her marvelous ruby slippers!
start working on it tomorrow
rtxrt pinned
Bend over baby
It's a good morning, what a blessed week this will be
There are things you have to go through before you understand what is for
I'm being smug now.
Good morning
wrote exactly 8 words to an essay due at midnight. Goodnight all
I'm so happy!
Pampa-good vibes. I really like their music.
You know what right! If you know anyone who is great at Halloween make up let me know!
might pull something
rtxrt pinned
Yesterday
Waab, thank & yess soo I can punch you Cause you stay testing me
JAJAJAJA OK LUEGO NO ANDES DE
watching this show called 9-1-1 .. too good
Cool
I am
There are things you have to go through before you understand what it is for
Thankssss
Mmk, I started to actually put money away for this trip. I think serious now
Yesss Thank u so much
Congratulations Taehyung oppa I love you I purble you
Si mother at si boyfie!
i always end up pulling myself out of a bad mood , thank God for my multiple personalities
here
wait
Nevermind bi, HAHAHA. See u around campus and time-in
Love it! Thank you
A green rose for you, my dear faraway friend
I'm fine just from dentist , how about you ? What are you busying now ?
Today was such a great day
i smile
A big congrats to both of you..
you're doing great today! keep on smiling!
not enough but a step closer to happiness
bipolar like Louisiana weather
Mi domingo.
pra mostrar o cabelinho
Guys, Check me out on
Umechizi bro. Again it depends with where you stream from. Uko Kathonzweni?
okay heaux im coming love you
Random Game (556F61) :
Casual
Mouse
+18
Hand Draw
Liko-12
4FF47D | 359C1D | 59F65F | 591856
I'm not beautiful like flowers
Da Shower wuz errthang by da way
Hope you sleep well
Thanks for retweeting!
Thank you!
Here I'm
Aww....I like it. I know it's not a great way to write but magnetic poetry can be helpful.
dreams do come true especially for my man, god's fav child
[#MPN
Thank you so much Lilly! I always love seeing you there
That would be the perfect dream world sir.
Just chilling
I think I am the only one who is in love with Monday
Sooooo pretty!! Gorgeous!
This hairstyle is perfect for you
tol happy friendsary
somebody take me to see the hate you give
Morning
Have a wonderful new week!
From Lebanon with love
I admire those people that achieves greater than i do
Congratulations to all of the recipients!
cheer up sa mga team mates niyo even na nainjured si pogoy last game bawi next game were here to support you
accepting more friend applications
been active on my sm
When he playfully calls you chunky
ISA ISA LANG TANGINANYO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thanks for retweeting!
Thank you
is soo cool?! how can I be more like her? any suggestions?
Everyone have a great day/evening. Good night. TTYL!
Very Good Morning Salmanics!! Have A Wonderful Day
I made it back to uni safely
I love you too Miss
5:30..... Wow...
Early bird huh??
Good morning to you...
You are in love
I failed my driving test
Must mention how many security personnel also
Kyun darr rhee ho kya ??
Yes, i'm in <3 thank you so much
Safe flight and rest well come back stronger. We will wait for you
babe-just one more game
me-okay (not realizing a game of zombies on COD)
almost 2 hours later..
babe-just one more game
me-
Really?
It certainly is. I love this place, every stay is wonderful. Time I went again. Missing you
I was in Kentucky for nine days, LOL!
On a level of 1 to this how humorous are you?
Have a good day
181022 ELLE Taiwan FB update
Marning
Thank you!! check it out!
Seems people are RTing this because 6-0 going into tomorrow night. Only RTs by 1 PM were accepted
Chillin to this songs of
-
I dedicate this song to you.
Soooo excited
Thanks for retweeting!
What did you have for breakfast today?
Very thoughtful reply, Grumpy. Thank you
Thank you
Just finished my first diamond painting
Just so everyone knows PINK started getting XL sizes in our store this week slowly but surely stay tune and come see me !
SoOoooOo CUTE
nao to viva boa noite
Good morning ppl
I normally go to the outlet mall. But when I do, I keep my hands on my wallet. Such a beautiful day
Good News CNYPJ02Peppa2, CNYPJ14LOL, CNYPJ16Kitty,
CNYPJ17Unicorn
Have 8-12T pm me more more info! Thank u!
Ok not asking
Just finished a new short story.
Will be posting the audio reading tomorrow after it renders.
That's why I listened without interrupting the poor woman...
Ayutsni
Thank you
Good night John Boy. Good night Mary Ellen .
Thank you
Thank you so much for having us!
181021
Hi! May I ask if it would be okay to be added to the list?
Thank you. I will.
Cuando saben como hacerme feliz
Happy homecoming week Kome tailgate with us on October 27th Free Jambalaya and Poison Ivy for All McNeese
Ready!
100 swings.
10/side Bulgarian split squats.
5 sets.
Total: 500 swings + 100 BSS
= Happy girl!
Thank you!
Gusto kong icover to ni Chanyeol
You're welcome!! Enjoy your day
just played 5:30 hours of survival games with jyuto. believe gaming is so much fun! its already 5:42 am
Still handsome with that look
Goodmorning
thankyou
It me the first one is like a year ago almost.
Happy birthday to you
Please sign and share
Green is the favourite of my favourite colours
Whenever having a tough time I always go look at my clips and remember the good times I have! I feel better now
Good morning have a blessed day
Chivettes bored at work (36 Photos)
Any netflix series suggestions??? Done with Insatiable and Riverdale hehe
Gonna Own You Someday.
Namaza kalkanlar platformu online mi ?
Thank you!!
Good morning
Alhamdulillah
Welcome new profesi
Birthday Friday & I have absolutely nothing planned other than eating
Beautiful!!
Did an amazing job with my family kitty cat
Ok gracias
Gracias
Ouch ... D :) Your alright by me ...
Chillin to this song of
All the displays are coming together for launch of the on Wednesday 24th October, at
Uber costs too much Use $20 credit for users Code is UBER20COMP
I'm going back on my priv
wow, it's a beautiful Bright cheery yellow round spidery spider
Does anybody know where this is? I'm so proud and happy
I being read receipted
why a Moo Moo
What a sweet!I want to be like her and I am proud for her!
Nanalo raw po? Hahaha.
If there was leftover Chinese food in the fridge when you left for work, it'll still be there when you get home.
tia Nath faz oq: tchau e
Getting bored can lead to hunger
Thanks
They might end up sharing
Thank you
Treat myself to a movie this week and some bomb ass good
Nature is the breath of Life
Keep the posivity overflowing.
Bad lil vibe
I cleaned/seasoned chicken, ironed and washed my lettuce. I feel so accomplished!
Oh.. it's very difficult to find people like you
Done yahh
Nama ig aku : monica.jej wish me luck
Whetger pass or fail, be proud. It's not the end that matters but the journey. Besides, magiging
And going to teach my kids this too.
Thank you Arvin! Hehe
I have the office all to myself for the next 2 weeks
Discounts for Uber users applies $20 credit Uber Coup Code UBER20COMP > KaleidoScoops
Miss you too
Almost in Chicago! hellodollybway
*Whispers* lowercase n
followbaaack
Update: I now just need one
Oh, thank you that'll be great!
been so stressed lately but,
Good morning
Te amooo montones
This is every morning for me. Cats and dogs lick me, push me and climb on me to get breakfast. But, I love out.
Thank you so much
Very good!
Pretty sure they're photos from his first mixtape
yeah come see me
We can't relate. Huhu...but I'm really happy for her.
. Thank you for that news. Changed my life.
Thank you Sissy
Good morning Andrea ! and good coffee for a good start to the week! Have a lovely Monday my dear friend!
Thanks ate cream!
David and I do this! They're cute little collectables
$50 credit for users << Enter the code MIGUELT Biscotti Company
Buenas Noches!
I really hope i get to see this movie soon..i will support it if i get the chance.
Is this you, or writing?
Long weekend almost over. At least the weather has been nice
us after anything with caffeine
Thank you po
DONKISS
Lo Campos? lol
And wow, I never talked to a real figure skater before thanks for replying
YAY! Congratulations, dear!!! So proud of you I'm sure him too *happy dance*
Parehas sila nag comeback sa runway!
I need a new outfit for my baby shower wanna know what that means shopping time i went shopping for myself in so long
Time to start watching The Office again
Digibyte $DGB is valued at: $0.023556
We verified that Binance is accepting new users!
Kind of like "talent alone doesn't do it after a certain level."
Turning my phone off for the whole weekend and everything I wait
Can't imagine playing at 30fps and loading off a HDD. I'll wait
Happy birthday sir. You and I share same date of birth.
Purrr
Definitely not!
This would be enlightening, too!
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
Serving hot and ready just for you brotha
ok, I get you.
around 5k downloads a day... thats a record
Yellow
Come out and learn how to paint!
BroSis bonding day accomplished!Look how much he loves me now
Strawberry Acai Refresh w/lemonade instead of water
Back home
Wannables i think we can do this! We're progressing Follow for more helpful guides. Together we can
Wow the end congrats
when nyo po shiship sa ph ung dvd November
22/10/2018(Mon)
13:30 vs
Exactly 2 WEEKS left before we close the pre-order period. Get yours today~
thx my fren
I guess I can also say that it'd be less than $200
Thanks Diane
last night was one of the best
With how gloomy our daily news can be I think worth sharing these positive facts. Enjoy!
Mi pinky ...
It is hey. Thank you.
Daniel - when you see walkaway you're most likely talking to a bot. Ignore
Mi pinky ...
I will sure to thanks Yana
yessss I support the movement
Good morning
Have a nice day
In need of a brother or sister? If, so then go to church
He's found a new calling in life.
Glad To Hear Having A Good Day
Yes
From a cutie to a beauty!
Coleen and Ria
chill lang
Indeed it was
It's about to start
Trinity patch ami 3 percig
Ok baby
I have time to get the costume together anyways. So next Halloween will be that day
So happy for him lovely missed you on my tv this weekend though
Handsome young man
Not too much on it
indeed!
Thank you Michael! I support Ross & believe this will be incredible!
Deff sleeping with a huge smile tonight
I dont know that is between you and Annie
Such a great picture! Congratulations on the W, and great job!
The new printer I got uses ink that works a lot better for the pins! Which means they'll look extra nice
Tongthai Magazine X PERTH
thx pic IG runnerize
No what-what lah kalo begitu
Catchup with Chris & Bob. Of course I had to go for a ride to make sure Bob was ok & comfortable. how good is
Gracias!
time to put on a show
BroSis bonding day accomplished! Look how much he loves me now
Support roommate.
hola y usted cuando piensa venir a Argentina?
:) thank you
Thinking about how I once went to pull money and the girl was like did you mean to put $100? Nah give me my thou
I'm just gonna quote and leave this here. So y'all people can fckng read. Thanks.
No worries at all - things like that are easy to miss
I didn't even watch the goal but hell its mahrez so voted for him
make my phone do the ring ding thing, please.
follow me
Beautiful and attractive smile
It's okay. There's always next weekend.
I'm glad you're better.
try this method and after doing it restart your phone
I'll see if my son-in-law wants to come pick you up. He's driving for Uber/Lyft right now!!
Good morning
Watch me baby
European Open
Thank you for the great match, Kyle & Gael
No white Kandora today
Thank you
Hello monday
thought the same thing. It really clears my mind to what is important.
Thank you
Smile is free
Kim Clijsters and Chris Evert signed a tennis ball for me last year and Jennifer Capriati this year.
husky puppy
Fav y la inscribo a
Oh yea, ganun siya. But I cannot speak on behalf of other sources cos Im not connected with them, Charis lang
goodmorning sayang saya eh ? hahaha may Allah ease everything for today and next day for my final exam
I agree
This weekend was lovely.
Lord, thank you ulit.
Thank you Gatica
Please RT above tq
Hi!! Have a meaningful & productive sembreak I do hope that you get the rest you deserve Enjoy & have fun!!
why dont we dont have sex they only HUG their girlfriends of course theyre teenage/adult
India Vix Friday kissed 20.05 and just reversed now 19.4!!, Someone simply gained 100 point in nifty
I only trust words
Why I be
yeah i can only drink energy drinks in small portions at a time bc they make my anxiety severely worse so what ?????
What! Pokemon was definitely out in the 90's and it is still so great! It's okay you don't like it though
Ok tnx... Isishare ko nlng ung post mo
In the end, always a happy ending for me.
Lost my headphone, guess its time to by AirPods
For smile
a good dude
Come say Hi
LiveMe-Live broadcasting community
thank you
going to spam like every new tweet you make because a better bestie and friend
Thank you
I love this picture I managed to snap today in Wellington
You're the man, Cam!
So awesome to see you back on form
European Open
Thank you for the great match, Kyle & Gael
Mag guest dn cguro c coco jan nuh hehe tas mgseselos c paps ayy haha
excellent to know! i think it looks absolutely wonderful and definitely plan on commissioning you in the future!
100
Mi love walk and trouble you at school enuh ...and say some creepy stuff just to see you make up your face or smile
Very beautiful Jill !
I would naman but I hoarded so many clothes kasi. I just want to give them away sana instead of throwing them
Enjoy
Very pretty
Thank you for looking at my illustrations
Interested to learn more about the Fiskars QuikDrill? You can find out more information on the Fiskars website
Ohh uwi n sya , ingatz mhy
yall, this life is beautiful
?
December & April wya ??? wait to spoil my man & bestie
Thanks, sure be feeling better soon. Had a bath and cosy in bed now
Iiiiiiiii shabashhhhh a
Shadi ki dua par foran se follow back
Btw... Thank you so much sham
I enjoy the Deluxe Eel Roll lol my personal favorite. But all sushi is heaven to me
Currently gathering stuff for our day off finally, and I may be sick but at least I get to lay with this cutie and its sunny
So cute! I'm pretty sure Yuqi is a SM stan.
Halfway through the semester and I have all really fucking proud of myself
Its okey. What matters is it was there.
Thank you ate peach
181021
At 31 seconds in, you'll see Ava on the bars.
Congo
Flame.
Pls come to Sydney so I can give you a guided tour
Cincin lamaran aku gemesssss
I do much but I had a pretty good weekend
Starting to perfext my sound on yall lame asses try to keep up
C'mon, you can tell me. It will be our little secret.
At Ground Kontrol in Portland for Micropalooza XV with
THE DJs ARE PLAYING WITH GAMEBOYS!!!!
Peluang Kerja Part Time 6 hari urgent-hiring. Minta tlg RT okey
Hi~ if you have a Korean phone number, you can make a CGV account and download it's app. The current
time for my bounce back
Helping my friend. So, if you guys read this, help them pretty pleasee
Yay
You are Ken!!
I think I give myself enough credit. But really out here at 21 as a graduate student. so proud of myself
Good luck!!
Hi
sure is a great mom!! And you're a kind daughter for appreciating her! You both are very thoughtful!
Thanks ate yhul
Wow girl!... What gorgeous hair! U r a beautiful person and an amazing friend! Videos of lexie1225 ig story's
I think his concert was one of my favorite days ever because I saw you so freaking happy & never seen you like that.
going to show this to both of my daughters. Thank you
enter a cupboard in protest
Thank you
If I were to make a bad decision it would definitely not lead me to going to jail
How about Jameson Blake
Thanks coach!!
God has put so many wonderful people in my life. I thank Him for them everyday
tweeps
Have a blessed day & week ahead!
I just really like drawing Superboy....
Yes! The Thrust stage was a wonderful surprise
Ahh that's what I thought when I did the math (?) I hope that everything else is accurate though! This is really interesting
Oh yeah right there!
eres toda una ternurita pues !!!
Thank you. I'm working on it...!
I've seen that scenery on another account first.
Shut I don't want you
Unko as a Jodi aana chahiye tha
Love, A Baby Dog, Healing
my daddy knows me too well
plus the common factor lmaoo how fun
me in class:
\ | /
/ \
me after class:
\ | /
/ \
Awe thank you
hope not will
I'd be happy to take a look at the confirmation code if you would like. *HAC
too old for crushes if I fuck with you you would know
I'm feeling a little better!! I'll be online in a couple hours to see you guys
Happy Birthday Jimmy
Anytime! Thank you miss you guys!! Keep killing it
Danke
If you can recognise the voice
Countdown begins, let's play football.
thanks for RT
Good afternoon
Rudy Peters has my vote !
He is a whole goody package wrapped into one....
Wassup with me and you baby aww fuck you a hoe too
While walking around at BGC, high street. Look what i found
one of those things is true friends
Now you can go back and re read this thread better knowing the context
Another successful Sunday with my baby
hiii i like you because you have that cute smileee and i appreciate it
Hello! You may reach for your concern.
Birthday Greetings ji.
May you get more strength in life to win Kerala and West Bengal.
GANG SHIT LIKE ME ON TOP FUCK ALL THE 2K CLANS WE OM TOP HIT ME AND BOXOUT UP IF YALL WANNA JOIN
YO SUMO! Let no one tell you any different
Congrats and take care. Better to be away from phone as its harmful to magu and you too. Take care
That's cool, very interesting
Thanks Teren. So are you.
SSR Cinema motham SSR yee kottesthaadu credit yelaaagu meeru & megas haayigaa 2 years sleep veyyachu
tks! The song/melody hasn't left my head since the 80's lol.
Wow girl!... What gorgeous hair! U r a beautiful person and an amazing friend! Videos of lexie1225 ig story's
Warms my heart to see him happy
Keep on checking the hashtag. Someone might post. I'm also looking. Will check one for you rn
thread dos meus layouts
i love you too baby
Gapernah bosen dengerin ini
From
Thank you
Stay Here I'm There!
Thank you so much for this, hopefully I could win this.
That's some awesome parenting right there
ty!
I tried to be nice
Great job
Swan Queen is my OTP so I chose them, but I like and have respect for Supercorp as well. Good ship, good fans.
Oh gooooosh! *blush*
This is toooo cute!
It's the soundtrack on a purple cassette
id like one if you have any left
Who can I take to lunch tomorrow
Y mi crunch me salio con esto.... SOY FELIZ
I made Iranian Winter Noodle Soup Aash Rechte so good a recipe:
Good morning
Good morning twitter
No Shame
Just shoot me a DM! I'll connect you to someone offering a critique.
New episode of burgers
I might be a little late, but have a fluffy boy
Answer is there in your question
It was truly anointed! A blast! Thanks Cynthia!
Miss Sev!!!! Thank you po
la tayong pic :((
SO CUTE!!!!!
Go follow BADASS!!
That would be great!
I pumpkin I carved for work
Guesting po nila sa Knowing Brothers to
just deleted hella out my phone
the starting over is really real
Thankyou so much hyung
just deleted hella out my phone
the starting over is really real
It was nice meeting you yesterday.
I'm part Cherokee and believe in nature deeply. That was part of a healing process you sent me without realizing it
Go watch our videos and like em !
Agreed.
hello cutie
Didn't want to keep this as a secret. I just want privacy
calling you on Snapchat so answer
Nervous about tomorrow low key but when I got nobody behind me pushing, I push myself! I know everything gone go good
You look like my future husband
Thank you...this made me smile!
So is that what i need to be eating?? because i need to gainnnnn
I know! So proud of him too
And black toenail color
Atyn Nice to know you Rika agsgshsh its d-day
hnd po. just reading your tweets. Ohhh okay. Haha
Having a date with
I bought Peppermint Mocha coffee creamer today!. This is going to be a great coffee week.
One more time!!!! Josh Marcos
I have family in Fairfield and a good friend in Sacramento.
Try your best, Winnie!
Happy Birtday Ella !!!!
You are still the better Andy to me
Hope you you have a great day
We will discuss it further later, I appreciate the interest
Goodnight jimin and you too pouty thank u jimin and i appreciate it
Amazing! Really anointed!
Where there is a will there's always a way
No gym, no problem .
.
At That Point In The Semester Where I Wanna Pull All My Hair Out
I love your group acc rates! You all are really cute and you really made my day Thank you okay you must be
Another lucky armys could be in one frame with Jimin and Jungkook
As okay as it can be.
If those late night thoughts ever terrorize you. Let me know. I'm around to talk, my friend.
Adhi yelaaa gu BB1 lepudhi , sleep with a good dream la
Awww! Do you have kids that had fun picking them out with you?
No
Geek out with some fangirls (34 Photos)
you the coolest northsider I know
very much so. Am on it taking my concepts to Africa on things along those lines
this is a good point and now i can calm down, thank you
Ima be dead to the work after this session
going to bed, I have to drive in the a.m.
Good night
PLEASE CLICK THE PHOTO AND LIKE IT, THANKK YOUUU
What a cutie
Thank you for the great match, Kyle & Gael
everybody go follow me Godbless -ambs was here
Thank you guys for the follow
He is curvy and he likes it.
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
entitled to his preferred ejaculate pronoun
yep
I'm waiting for your tour in Mexico
I love you so much
ha ha doe the compliment! This is a drunk Halloween pic. At least her dog not her
Thanks ate.
This is very cute opportunity for shawols thank you. Would love to join.
update 22.10.18
add more one
I really enjoy meal prepping
I saw some friends at work today
Awe just snuggle with your super cute and not worry about football.
Love those smiles!
Great selfie of & at event!
Goodmorning
Lol after years of shooting my shot i finally clean my dms
How cool! It was a great book!
Good Morning#Reshu
when i get all the scan those and make a thread
Full this lunch that tofu meal is
It's a very exclusive club...
.@MissyJahan Glad to have you back Missy - hope you're doing well!
Same why finna send my boyfriend out that cold ass door
she is
finally making your fursuit LMAO
Never fails to make me smile
Seriously no hoeing over here buddy
Ya vamos a ver Si soy un encanto
He brings nun but happiness n positive vibes
Super Excited
babe is dressing up with me for halloween and i am alittle to happy
Finally got to taste the latest craze now. so satisfying to crack the top part. Not too sweet.
Rating:
Love my grandma more than anything in my life
Goodmorning
That's okay I totally understand! Just wanted to make sure
Life is just looking up for me... for a moment I am relieved
Good Morning
Good Morning and have a pleasent day
think I know you but hope I get to know you stay bless Empress
Changed my layout in honor of
Maybe you guys could do this too?
about to bath & turning my phone off again for the night
Happy Birthday Isaac!!
Off to cover the World CEO Forum on the QE2 today. Never a dull day
Sure
Wen Yuan is the goodest boy to ever exist
It's better than late than never Belated Happy Birthday Magbait na kayo ni B
Ps: Borawan days
In 300 followers in 5 days
Not only sky but me too
Happiness is contagious
EPISODE GOD, I HAVE SIN AGAIN. Lol, WHY THE DEVIL MAKE DO I'M JUST SAYING
its all about mindset
And he'll never do it again
Finally! Super worth the wait! naamaze ako sa lambot ng tela Thank you for the GO. Sana may next
Your welcome!
these 2 are my favorite soft edits out of the ones I've done for seungri love baobao
maybe i should do more
Thank you oh!! Mi no stap Lo Pom na nogut ol lain ting still there running around doing stuff
sakin
Y por supuesto al Mini Pekka
good morning idol
Have a great day
You are such a sweetheart
Breathtaking photo...
YES! That deserved a follow
Ano ba course mo?
i think social media can be dangerous for how I view myself but also I like to compliment women because it is nice to see them smile
Your first tweet was came out of your ignorance which I cleared in the reply below that
This made my night happier
Sometimes four eyes are better than two (42 Photos)
Hi Thanks for following back
That makes sense. But you should say nice things about yourself. Cause you're nice.
You could only wish. Worlds strongest economy
Never be defined by your past.
It was just a lesson,
not a life sentence! Good morning Have a blessed day
Good morning
Let's cross the bridge when we get there.
YES THE BLUSHY CHEEKS I LOVE THEM FKSNXKSM a quick google can help with the Japanese
I Cant Complain And I Wont Complain Im To Blessed To Be Stressed
Welcome back!! Your absence was felt
Thank you Elizabeth You are such an amazing leader! Thank you for inspiring myself and so many others
Good day everyone
You know how it is.
bet see you soon
You're welcome!!
But I do believe though, that i can be as lucky as you one day...
VE HER
As long as you gone be there every step of the way lol
Dumela Kea,you enjoy yours and have a blessed week
Expectations versus reality, hahaha yong akala natin Bhe and na yong envelope may
Built my walls. let nobody in
Thanks for the pic
cc
She is too cute
The 1st sounds good to me.
Today is going to be a good day!! We move
Moving into my first apartment on Friday !
Glad you vote in our state.
She is too cute
And.. one of the cheapest things we could ever share to anyone.
So S.M.I.L.E dear
Welcome to the fam once!
Mina slowly killing us with that voice and now pd too
Gonna start posting my random thoughts so if don't wanna see what I tweet then unfollow me
Just Stay Focused
siempre ...
What's your concern? Depends sis, kalau skin breakout, jerawat, acne scars, berminyak, kering or sunburn boleh try Bougas Serum
She's adopting you .... she'll take her time, but she seems to trust you.
Binance has the highest trading volume on any exchanges
Click here:
$NANO
181012
Good morning rani ji
Have marvellous week ahead
Just bought tickets today to see you in St. Paul in June! Can't wait!
Thank you so much
happy doing good
Sounds like an awesome day, Steve! Way to go!
Pero syempre happy ako for her, She deserve it. Hard working kasi sya
looking forward to more on premium you know how much I love it
TL will be littttttt today.
Finally!
Date with Me at
amateur sex videos maria ozawa my wifes mom machine
Almost 9 hour stream played longer if I in so much pain, but thanks to all who came to the stream. It was fun
He sends me snaps
wala chaar lang po
Thank you
matchday
On a real though the few months I actually take the gym serious a few ppl always tell me I motivate them so I will share more this time
thewavebabe made this for me lol but really tho please stop and thank you
Thank you
Good Night My Friends Hope You All Had A Great Sunday and You Have A Great Start To Your Monday
happy birthday handsome I hope enjoyed your day ! You deserve everything and more
Morning everyone
Essence of Success
noches!
Paseo de la Reforma
Will do bro imma go peep at yt.
AW thank you!
Victory will be sweet
Pero syempre happy ako for her, She deserves it. Hard working kasi sya
I'm so grateful for the people in my life. I can't imagine being any happier.
Lee Lin, which seat are you running in the Asking for 24 million friends.
yess maybe an exhibit OR SANA CONCERT!!! (fingers crossed!!!)
Thank you so much buddy
Yes po.
Have a great week ahead.
Thanks for the like You reminded me to update Twitter
So will winning in Miami later this month.
Good morning with my click, morning glory flower of my garden
Goodmorning
Thodi C late ho gayi tum, I m already married now and we Punjabis don't have culture of polygamy
Okay so I have a producer strategy:
I'd like to share and I'm sure it will work
Yes! definitely have to come see it once all ready
[TNGT]
Ummm. How cute!!
Yeet !! so cool
STEP 4 : Love, every moment. TNGT !!
Source:
all happy, all chillen too
fall Sunday
Happy Monday everyone
thank you
Hey do any of my tdp mutuals wanna help me with my one or two details of my fic/oc pls dm me
Yes
I give you a link. Feel free to watch it
have a blessed monday, everyone...
No worries girl! I hope it works out!
Happy birthday, God bless
We had a great weekend out on nb poppy
Followed
Wow !! Kishor
Lunch at Eduardo's Peri Peri
What a cute Girl
Go to bed Kenny. I'll text you tomorrow and you can tell me everything. For now, get some sleep. Night
Thanks Ben
Iti Malia
Guess who'll be coming over for sleepover See you guys later!
My Birthday is over
Yes
Old pic
Good Morning Bro
1. Woke up 8 am, on the final examination day
AND MY FIRST EXAM IS 8 AM, SO Okay wa sa tay ligo run beh hahahaha
Hello I have exo holo strap
And her parents got her ALL fitted lol...she looks adorable little scoop of chocolate
hello just wanted to let you all know that i forgot to mention in the
so ready for Tuesday
Yes 8 weeks old
happy birthday pom!!!
love i money and all the shit that come with it and only fw a few rarely a handful
Thank you baby doll
I is trying my bestest
I knew cos anaheim
I know about the mega millions drawing but we have other lotteries to play as well in AZ.
Today's prompt is Movie!
Don't forget to tag your work if you want us to RT it!
practice pa thine
Hello. Hindi pa. March or April iyong release mga ganern.
my hero! Thank you
I had a really good weekend. && about to have sond great sleep now too.
Moin
Even tho the fair was packed, I still had fun
Oh hey snack... I mean Ri
Good morning Time to start a new working week
You're very welcome
May ilaw na si xyan!!! thank you nay'tay
That's my girl
D'awww, you freakin' sweetheart! You're pretty nice yourself!
Yes. i always try
well done yesterday
Nevermind
Jakarta, please
NTCS/STCs are the most strong PILLARS OF AOL TO SPREAD GURUDEVS LOVE AND WISDOM TO MILLIONS
Dinner and a stroll through the store with my favorite peeps
Going to bed... If you have a pending order on my store, I'll take care of it this week. Thanks for your patience! Good night!
it was great meeting you Welcome to the
peace allows us to be joyful no matter what our situation is.
whoever makes her happy
Yay
sure! thanks
wait!!
This for you Gage!
thanksss im rooting for a girl cus our momma got all girls
I like cauliflower
Its actually a strength.
I'm reading Meddling Kids hoping to finish it tomorrow
I'm glad I could make your day at least slightly better.
I swear nice
yall call coloring together a date?
Same
I had a really good weekend.
6/7 have been completed
Buongiorno, Alex. Have a nice Monday, dear .
It was a good day
ahhh agreed. the members have all said happy lately and i trust that
Thanks
Thank you.
this is what i like to see
definitely a proud one plus it helps my flight RT was less than $300.
Finally ordered my new phone
Happiness is a heathy morning Our beautiful toya_mohapatra_ digging into her morning Microgreens Toast made
I cant wait for my baby boy to come
Senyum.
No, itu blm senyum.
Ayo, sedikit lagi..
Good. Very awesome.
Now, go have the best day in your life.
Happy Monday !
Ran into a former colleague tonight & found out that the system I designed for our team is now a firm-wide standard. I am fucking elated
We good either way
Selling these cute Christmas crafts if anyone is interested one for $20 two for $35!
YEEEEEEEE
Hello too!
One more week half term is on the horizon!
go on vacation somewhere warm
Good girl
Agree! lets plan to go there for next future WINNER concert~
I know that book.
That BIGBANG x SNSD though
lost in japan...nice
good morning
I always miss the best streams.... Glad it was a good one . You deserve the support
Thank youu, try ko
Now you can stand on your own.
grabe kahapon mentally and physically tired lang, ngayon emotionally na rin thanks
I just need whatever BA and a TEFL certificate to teach English abroad
EPISODE GOD, I HAVE SIN AGAIN. Lol, WHY THE DEVIL MAKE DO I'M JUST SAYING
Back to reality this week I worked since May 25th. There will most def be an adjustment period while I try to remember my job
Oo naman dad pero syempre as much as possible I will always be nice.
Hab schon auf Facebook geantwortet
It should be you & your partner vs the problem not you vs your partner
IT'S THAT TIME AGAIN KIDDOS!!
Tibetan Bowls
makikihappy pill forever ako ang cute nya ihhh
That sounds fabulous! excited to see what you do
Yay!!! Good luck! I hope everything comes together perfectly!
Happy 3rd Anniversaryyy Thank you for being part of my life sml
hey
Their constant bickering is what makes ZekShie relationship special. Right?
Don't
Thank you
Dragonblood Trees, Yemen.
I serve as an expert witness in the areas of trees, landscapes, and related
Happy Enough
Block that nigga, no reminiscing
Thank you Coach for kotivationg the girls as well. I can see you your heart the way you talk to them. You inspires us also.
Be lame with me and let's go play pokemon go
A little feeding as well!
Great! Continue mo lang yan
almost my lover, homie, birthday and he gots to know going to turn up for him
Por favor grabar la charla
Her hair is just the prettiest
Muchas gracias
I care for you my lovely GOD WITH US !
He does look like he's fighting back tears.
you make me smile
hello
It's okay tho u dont havw to be conscious abt it
When it is a pretty day, why not ride a Makes canvassing more pleasant definitely had the
"Two Spirit" - Injunuity via No es nada nuevo.
Just talked to god and it felt so good
You're so handsome
wait to give my child what I able too
It'll more than do
The video games that you love are currently on sale at our online
Wait a minute, Cuban? I had no clue.
Wonderful news, thanks for letting us know!
We'll be here for you when you get back, Bird.
tokyo tokyo finally!!!!
Damn she can sing
Thank you
The birthday wish is enough for me !
Doce
Im leavin'
See you another time. Tks for 4 years really blessed.
You hidin lil secrets
I love texas roadhouse btw my fave job come see me all week where i actually get scheduled
I've been waiting for season 3 for so long & u didn't disappoint. Fantastic season brillant ending
Hackeame . I love you.
Me follow plis.
Gosok gigi sama daddy apen
Aww, thanks!
and
I'm still waiting to get mine....hoping it gets here soon!!
a good one
Nice night to watch
Good night
I have to crop a gif of duke smoking the cigar
Another phanart
Thanx
28th March is birthday and 21 years
How about a fan favorite from for Here you go!
hello twin
i love you
Gemes
I love you mexico is waiting for you
Streamed today and my setup took it like a champ
Did you move?
Tattoo shop up the street from campus right past the hut
Descansa Charly
Keraton Cirebon
Good morning to you too
Follow your dream guys. I am currently not wearing any clothes
Oh well... more for me
Goodnight zaddy home
I u
You're very welcome.
You're welcome Anytime!
All Day Long... Rep for jorla_g - Popping Training
Trust the process. The pressure was necessary.
Awwww they're cake tasting
As i tune into sorry im late
Nah I find other hands than this emoji i hope you understand
Can i get your follow ? ? ?
Brand New Bags for Sale !
PM for the price
about 5 or so. posted on my snap to ask the bright souls what they are grateful for today and you
I love my city
My nephew turns 9 next month. Gotta finalize his birthday plans
To this boy who grew up into a fine man. HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY HANBIN-AH!always stay healthy and happy!
Awww it's okay!! We can play another time
Thanks dear.
Happy birthday . have a lovely day
Yes you! I need more friends in this cult
Thanks for your retweet!
Sardinas with pechay for the win! hahaha!... kileeeegsss...
Sobrang improved na ng
about to be out like a light forreal.... good night
Try a battery on the key first. Then check the computer and see if needs reprogramming or if the board is bad.
pueden pasar a deliberar...
HURRY! Binance is currently accepting new users
$BTC $ETH $BCH $MIOTA $LTC $XRP $DASH $BTG
One fine day I ll go vacation to Bali with my other half. Amin
Goodmorning crush WOW HAHAHAHAHAHAJAJAJAJ syor oy di baya ko ganahan ug dili consistent charez
WHAT. A. NIGHT! Thank you for the one of a kind experience! Thank you Direk sa muling
Done adding
This was a favourite in our house when the kids were growing up
Yes we are all in this together hanggang sa dulo
Enjoy meeting mydays again & perform well.
Good Morning Everybody....
Welcome to
Stay
I really have a a I just know it when I feel it type of girl
Ini bang tolong editin
Just keep smiling
t e n f o l d . why not worried. karma got you, boo.
Thank you for sharing It can be hard, but Twitter makes it all okay
Bebe Moses!!!
Muchas gracias Sofii besos
If I could stop dreaming about the past be great!
Where there is a will there's always a way
No gym, no problem .
.
If this is Hyuckie tho, all fans would know with just a single tune of his voice.
Glad to hear it im ok thanks, very cold though
Best experience in my life
Thanks for following me also. Have a great week!
As usual, you're a legend
Smooth Criminal
Hey
normal people: don't put too much info about yourself on the internet! Someone could come and stalk you
me:
Good morning again
get there mamas
Facebook: JOYTIME.Entertainment
Today another guy apologized for how he treated me. Ik I'm sweeter than sugar I can't do wrong
Coucou Manu! Coucou Seb et Carole!
Well, your friendship has made me quite happy.
Hella refreshing that was
We are patiently waiting for the masterpiece
we should start using in our every tweets related to them for sns points fighting!!
come to Philippines
does the biggest charity to mankind, which is put smile on people faces
u loads my shah baby
so excited for the second sem uyyy
Mr. JELLY me Ejadee Pandalover from insta :)
Sabah-ul Hayr
Very nice
thanks for the RT
So me
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Al Pacino as Tony Montana.
He is a Legend!!!
Hmmm going on here??
Good thing B/TS was not under SM. a big difference why ARMYs are soooo thankful.
Thanks once again.
Thank you! I subscribed
thanks for the RT
Und ennulla kond
It isssss
Nene has definitely made some mistakes throughout the series but I always find myself back in her corner.
United Arab Emirates
07:07
hayattt
Sevgiylee
Golden Child. Nearly finished with Episode 7 of Evergrey, hang tight, folks!
What time kayo nkarating sabahay? Just arrived home.
Feliz noche
:O nice to meet you sierra! im bella i stan bts and nct
Yoooooo we broke 3k live viewers today!! Gotta thank and GGs
Nicely sung. Good voice bro.
Damn dude, congrats on 100k! Well deserved. This is just the beginning. Stay strong brother!
goodmorning ebrione
Dami ng votes sa face mask ah, haha thanks balae!
Thank you so much
Buongiorno
Ai OBRIGADO
so good though!
figured you could use them
Buenas Noches
So happy you got to meet Sheamus and the other Superstars on SD!!
More from 14th Street station!
14th Street/Eighth Avenue
We change our store name
Fun fact: fenty lingerie is posted up right next to Victoria secret in soho
na paz total
Vielleicht klappt's mit etwas
Flossing now.
San ka pa? Donkiss na!
Thanks for this article po
SO I DECIDED TO CONTINUE MY RT DEAL WITH PLEASE HELP ME REACH 912 RTS, THANK YOU VERY MUCH
Aww lol but it is good for her too lol Delilah is so funny
Me voy a mirar seriess
an automatic for you guys
winwin just can't help but smile when he performs
Keep talking behind my back and where always be.
Who was shipping so hard the ship name... RenaPace? Anyway so cute!! yess..
jaaysbaits: Come bust wimme Instagram : dreamofjosh
Thank you
Part 2 of Power stage!!!!
Thank you my friend
Unlock $20 ride credit with Uber Coup Code UBER20COMP
Wonpiri!!! I hope you won't forget any lyrics later. Haha. Love you always & enjoy!
[VID] 181021
Yo! Bang - Yixing's first win of NAMANANA
Congratulations You deserve it!
this is your first tweet to which i embarrassed of you. congrats
You can ask me
Plsss do click the photo and hit love thank you very much
Mamimiss ko 'to... Sobra
the GORN! all that matters lol! An early bday present to myself with the rubber band connected
Palmy you were a great day
thanks for the RT
Don't blame people for disappointing you, blame yourself for expecting too much from them.
Omg girl I just saw this but tysm I got it
we can go to the arcade and the cat cafe together
Sure sir I will sign this petition But I and many Indians want to see Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose
Yes! around 9:30-10ish. So be home by the time you get back from the concert
Do mine. Then stop
Thank you very much
I'm happy
Do whatever u want
nakaka HIGH manood
thanks for the RT
Happy Birthday boo!! I hope you having a great day
Just a friendly reminder to set your alarms
Radiant smile as always Samara! Loving that jacket as well!
Anywho goodnight my darlings
You are most welcome.
Maya
We will try and get it on our Facebook page
Gaining custody of my baby brother is currently my main focus, so yeah . Any information regarding that is greatly appreciated
New (1:1300)
coowalk Automatic Soap Dispenser - Infrared Motion Sensor Hands Free Touchless
Puppyboy bag is here! Let me know if you want to change address I will send out within this week
Hope you'll like the other one
Thank you for sharing
thank you!!!!!
Thank you dear
wish me luck guys
Philippines
oh.... new management convos are today and i literally have 0 time for them LOL nbd
FitnessRooms Bendy Blonde Bends Over for her Personal Trainer
Contended nako atu
okay lets just flood it with loves and good comments then
pulled off one win so far, thanks to hunt and ertz mainly
Sayy ? We Gotta Talk Tomorrow
very welcome! Blessings to you and your husband!
Yes it's nice to have new friends we should widen our world
Toh Last year wala hi laga deti , you were looking so gorgeous in it, jaise Chand aaya ho zameen pe Garbe ki raat me
Hahaha yiz ka banda nung friend ko schoolmate din.
Kyber Network $KNC price: $0.41
Binance registration is ONLINE! We JUST checked!
hey and yes four days away
happy crush
Thank you! I subscribed
Good Morning!!! Have A Blissful & A Nice & A Happy & A Valuable & Victorious Day Ahead!!! Stay Blessed & Take Care!!!
[Tls] ada yang mau temenan atau fambes?
How are you? Let's be friend Sure. I'm doing good
By the way, promises is His Words. Read the bible
my bday is coming
You had an awesome day.
You have to TRUST ME
And this is it,
October ends, and I'll end your chapter with a poetic sequence.
Paalam na.
YAY! begins today another announcement regarding the shirt sooooooon
Siap-siap nguli di rumah.
Hey there, Ep 6 & 7 of Dancing High are now available on Viu with subtitles yeah. Happy VIU'ing! -MZ
At the end of the day, you will realize that happiness is a choice.
Carats nobody will judge you if only starting voting now If you have any questions about how to vote or
: idk you but i see that you hoop so goodluck on this season
I really needed today
Taste
You got this Sadie
looks like imma be going to the mavs game all by myself tomorrow
Alright thank you
Rainbow Playground. The news was just released and filming starts 29th
Hi Carol! Here's the direct link to fundraiser.
Aww he looks absolute adorable
You should draw more soon good job
National Shrine of Saint Padre Pio
I dunno. Still 2hrs more. Will try to sleep back
Some do and love it
Ah Im glad I tweeted this then!
Thanks for your wonderful feedback. We look forward to your return visit
Same so now I know to dm you any angst I come across
Halo Aku lagi makan siang
Cant also wait to see the look on marks face
FREE MT.
LATE NA PO. PERO GUSTO KO PONG MAGPASALAMAT SA LAHAT NG PUMUNTA SA BIRTHDAY KO!
Komodo $KMD is valued at: $1.17
Trade on Binance with 50% discount trading fee
Thank you
Pokemon Go Community Day. Caught 6 Shinies. Not too many, but got really good IV Metagross.
Yes I saw your profile.
Happy Birthday MGS
Get out and explore the world.
Sometime this is all we Need
Been real sad recently but I'm cheering up Hope everyone has a good night
I think Kamakura is good!
what you are to me thanks Jess!
Monslay
Ignorance u bliss! Stay happy
We have many animals available for adoption across the state! You can view them all here:
Same so now I know to dm you any angst I come across
Sync! Can't wait to try it!
Loving the
So excited to see you!
Imma real one. I know
Happy Birthday my love you so much xoxo So grateful for you feeling blessed
If a photographer and you see this like my tweet.
yay i cant wait
Its the coldness that i love..
Fine ass bitch
thank you! from the heart and hearts getting the fundamentals right
Pure Nostalgia
Check out the replies some are funny but some are worth to try too
Subscribed! I will definitely check it out
Happy birthday to me
Back on top boiiiis
A mild Sunday night
20 drafts
A wooden board just fell on my foot so now my 2 toes are bruised at least they break haha
Thank you
At the moment she is high on Rahul Mutra !! Enjoy HAG !!
Thanks
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
I can take it. So funny !!! Read this out loud and use a witch like laugh at the end
Lee Taeyong
Singer, rapper, dancer , leader NCT127.
Please excuse my random tweets. been a minute
Guten Morgen Wochenstart
Nothing is cuter than a girl with dimples (28 Photos)
Lol you know I do this fam
I love when bae text me she all her feelings out!
Me too! Can we have the link please?
Current $WAVES price: $1.97
We verified that Binance is accepting new users!
Fly Just U by Best-kid Making people Imo (state)
Just to spam your TL
The greater the obstacle,the more glory in overcoming it...
Y this
awh thank you sm girl
We have silver, we have white, choose yourself which one you like
we just had a talk as an apartment, transferring to ISU starting in spring semester so start packing
Of course gone treat you different since a real one
Bc a woman of God
A little help please
Stress filuvaalan faseyha fas gotheh.
Komodo $KMD is valued at: $1.17
Trade on Binance with 50% discount trading fee
Message me saying hello with a pic of your dick or ass
I padin huhu try follow you on IG
Big mood, any takers
thank you
Brah I was a petty ass person before, changed so much lol
hello old friend. Hiw are you?
Happy birthday ate wish you all the best
If you were wondering how adulting was going, well I just made 30 Jell-O shots for myself at 12am on a Sunday
What.A.Git. Mike Dilger of the 1 Show ticked the Cornish Goshawk through mine.
Good luck
who needs lewds how much just to show me dat personality. you're great why not both
Play it for me...
Warm birthday wishes to Sri ji. I wish you all the success and happiness and happiness
Got me smilin'
Hi, doll! BIG FAN! Love your work. Can you do a video on makeup expiration dates? Like obviously
Thank you!
I live in a very small town so they won't have it. I will try to find them when I go out of town.
Thanks for reading!
Just getting cuddles from this little one that I get to borrow from Almost daily
make me blush ..Thank you baby!!!!
Is that what you were expecting
MAKE X MAKE? help each other!
(Please dm me, don't reply under this tweet I can't see most of the
You identify as the sex you were born with.
Well I really hope they did!
Woke up excited today I hope this is the start
Always Smiling
With the most talented, humble, charming lady Super Star
Thank you
Goodluck on your part, Ck Thankyou so much po
Lo dice yoongi y lo q dice yoongi se cumple
I'm proud to be from Lucknow
Show me how to hashtag bumalik kana sa showtime Azuela Cove
Brgy. Daking IP day celebration
It was good seeing you also!
Feeling so grateful to have wonderful people in my life today I woke up grumpy and had my day totally turned
Thanks for the RT & support!
I padin huhu try to follow you on IG
I love Let Me Explain Studios too. Rebecca is the best youtuber in the whole world.
We try.
Spokane thanks you.
Ahh, soo cute and sooo in love
hahaha and what about married?
!
I can't wait to watch sa iwanttv....
22 Oct 18 " Hello Monday " . .
Hope for the best
Congratulations to my big brother naman for achieving 50k subs on his youtube channel keep making awesome videos.
Yes working on it
Together
It feels good to be happy
Yeh mat soch lijiyega ki Jawani guzar gayi hai -- Kamal Nath!
Komodo $KMD is valued at: $1.17
Trade on Binance with 50% discount trading fee
Happy birthday please take care of yourself and i hope you will achieve everything in life you wantfighting na
Thank you so much!
NON!!!!!! So sorry, that is not what I meant. haha
Thank you
thank u & have a great day
Let's have a productive and lovely week
i miss you je! Cheer up dear Thankyou & i miss you also anon!
Even monsters deserve love. That includes Madara!
Happy Monday
I wait until he starts to believe in Santa Clause
Good morning bro
daily dose of cream o
Good Morning Sweety
Nothing...
Tip for a long term relationship.
"Be real and honest"
You but thank you
Gracias!
Yes
yaaaasss with that much memorization i'm sure you getting an A+ queen
I am looking for JY pb actually.
Welcome to ahgafam
Goodafternoon world I want to sleep but I should need to research!
Moved my mirror to a new area of our room and quite happy about it
Im really ready to put him in the baby rocker I just love all the things it do plus I can hook my phone up too it
Exactly! Didn't know our is this mature
Key to his heart rn.
rtxrt pinned
Might go for delore
My roommate is never here it feels like I have a single
this tweet is better writing than all of season 3. and no that a compliment
Binance has the highest trading volume on any exchanges
Click here:
$NANO
shippeas taekook y yoonmin. Lets be friends ah y namjoon te ama Claro que si cielito
thanks
my sis also got her fave and 2nd fave it's like we are getting good karma for not sleeping on oh my girl
Theme.
Livedrawing by PENUP
Wanna make my sibs so proud
Got the Nike Air More Uptempo Pinstripe for myself and the Nike EXP-X14 for my wife
Aw, thanks!!
Well good luck. Whenever you do it.
thank you mason
God healed me
I think, I found her na.
Cheers to the people who stayed and remembered
Congrats!
Get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off your order
Thank you for all of your translations!
I like to find out these bits of information about TVXQ, it
Thank you
Nice coaching yesterday Next week ulit coach O. Ateneo motolite vs. Cool smashers
your dream came true happy for you
Wanna post some pictures of us tho cause im proud but I don't want to ruin anything...
The series by look so much fun. Hope i'll be able to visit seoul someday
Thank you
I Know Who Needs To Hear This But Listen
You Have A Purpose...
You Are Important...
You Do Deserve The
do you want me to send them through DM?
He is a blessed child Lots of love to him
Lesbian Cunt Rubbers!
That's the best way to study
Made my morning
Won 1st prize in a debate competition without saying a single line about the topic
You're too sweet . Goodmorning. And enjoy your week
Agreed and also Agree that We always wanted change.
I am
Happy birthday Dana have a Good One
It's easy to overdo it, creeps up on you. Take good care of yourself Ian, put your feet up.
Beautiful children You are one lucky
People who love anime, video games & music shpuld go check out my youtube channel
love u more truthfully
Tomorrow will be a good day
The best part of was Jamie Lee Curtis she was so good. I would go see a sequel if she was in it
The 24th
Maturity! Thank you!
i'm going to korea this oct end
Adugasale song bro nd meeru chala simple ga untaru anna i like that nd chithu bro kuda
Congrats, you're back.. there's a lot of happenings but we are willing to give you some updates then
Ohhh GWS dear
Wish you a very Happy Birthday
This is awesome! Thank you Tyler, Angela, and all those that placed bids!! You are all amazing!!
Moin
Make sure the link that i share with y'all, you need to make a copy through your google drive first, then you can download it
Good Morning Beautiful
Comment and share pls
Here's a bunch of mirror selfies I didnt feel confident enough to post, but now I do
Oh ok thank you
I made over $20/hr on an 11 hour shift, how was your Sunday?
Will I ever sleep? Stay tuned on the next episode of, I hate my life
Justb in case hindi niyo pa nababasa Fam
via
fantastic! I hope your travels are going well and that eating lots of good food.
GET HIP! Your welcome
22.10.2018
Happy birthday hanbinie
Se llama
give them a spot at your upcoming SA tour
amazing, could you send it to me ? Thank you
Only need 300K to reach 100M views
. Good ..morning nice Image IN My dear Instagram friends creat by real rajpoot
Good morning
And HBD Hanbin
Indeed
My girlfriend is perfect
Homecomin started off right now all I need is a lil boo to chill with after these events
Walete romain virgo
but hey, im single as fuck so what would i know about pretending to be happy in a controlling relationship?
absolutely nothing
right! Goodbad, and sauce are my top 2 right now!
Favorite author has a new book. Time to come up off a few dollars
Haha yaaay thank youu and no prob! Just let me know if you want the high res copy so I can send you one.
God is using your PAIN to make you GROW.
Could have invited us earlier nikuwe mgeni wako. Today is fixed already. Next time
While reading IG post again, impressed with her Japanese
Shut the door on your way out
Best feeling ever
She has a strong cores, yes.
Oh wow
my church too
In the end I'm gonna be alright.
Its RENZO Time
Picturan mi ni maam
My favorite kind of tabletop Jumping in to explore & play with the is my preferred form of R & R
Yeah I come from US,but we also know vietnamese language
Haayyy there
Mi Novia Tan bella
Hello
Thank you so much
How to Increase Audience Retention with Derral Eves
It helps that has no definition.
Choctop for Kids .
Be rare , Be stylish & Be more cute
Jom dapatkan dengan harga promosi
wait for our social at the pumpkin patch tomorrow
They can steal your recipe, but the sauce won't taste the same....
Alhamdullillah Good morning bebz
Lol just found this today going through my old Wizard Collection . It put a smile on my Face . They look so cute
be dope
Bang with local hotties at
april flowers black lindsey meadows mature sex
Thanks
Thank You
I need new friends. Lmao
Fandom School
Your choice of song is more timeless than those cars.
Just made this banner to promote the album. Feel free to use it. You don't have to give credit
Oh wow
my church in Abuja too
Learning how to use a financial calculator on a Sunday night.
You do so much for everyone and I just want to say THANK YOU!! And I really hope I get to meet you in person one day
Yay Raver in EB.
Fucking My Waitress !
Awnnnn look how happy he is... Soo precious
Thanks! too kind *hug*
Thank you Lord for the provisions
Everything that we have comes from You.
Good morning everyone!
Criminal Minds. Drink every time they say welcome
Thank you
They go this hard over memes. Lmao and they're also helping BTS on social 50 chart. How thoughtful
Buenas nochesssss
That's one happy dog, understandably so.
Did you record this? Just want to say thank you for capturing this .
Happy 1000 days with Imfact
Whoever they are I hope your reading this tweet ..thank you
You right. But I'll leave you alone now. It was a pleasure. Buh byyyyye Anonz
So excited to see my bitches again
Thanks Carrie
Tanghali na pala? Late naman nagising...
G O O D D A Y T O A L L
Thank you
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
'Underboob' is arguably the greatest cleavage there is, no? (42 Photos)
Netflix and chill ..
Good night hermosa
Just Download LYFT & enter payment code to get LYFT s LYFT promo MIGUELT BristolCounty Massachusetts
Sir please check your dm sir.
miss your show! Good luck with the move.
gets you around for free << Type in this code MIGUELT10 Francisco
Hey people press that follow button
No way!! Small world
My boss bought me Friendly's ice cream tonight!!!!! I seriously love my job and the people I work with
W.A.Salam wr wb
SUBHA Bakheir ZINDGi
Thank you luis
Loopholes are the best
omo! welcome! anything for a fellow carat encourage other carats too. for our fighting!!!
it is
The epidural this second time around got my back fucked up
be healthy babies
I just LOVE this picture! the new wallpaper on my iPad
To all the fans (old and new) were getting OT9 comeback and its such a blessing what a way to end the year!!!
welcome!
Truly nothing risked nothing gained.
Happy Birthday to you too ji !
Keep smiling & god bless you
Kilig akooooo
agregen
I also need to explain that hashtag since you already know, I admire that!
I read these as a kid in Middle School
I thought of the since as much Canada as Raptors. I may also be sad
is watching CUCKOOpedia
I support a public toilet, everyone will be
+(504) 2785-0305
+(504) 2785-2440
+(504) 9753-6554
Thank you too I really hope the Japanese government will legalize marijuana use soon
Okayyy baby tell em
Really truly happy
oldmanspider
Catch Up Tag Time Once Again By diecastcook for
By
Yuck, anything else?
That's so lovely
since pr is cancelled for my bday im trynna have a road trip w a few of u guys
Try Right Side Broadcasting Network. I watched their Elko stream. They also did Mesa.
"All Too Well"
Mas amo "22"
BTS sunbaenim los bebus crecieron tanto
It's this day! Congratulations, Welcome back!
Don't miss new version od It's
I want you to stay with me?
E N J O Y
Guten Morgen, Herr Martin!
encouraging. Thanks Will check out babble too.
Thank you
P.S. He really was the best. No question.
Thankful that I got to experience healthcare volunteer work with refugees from around the world
Well done Jo - great to hear enjoying it. Keep going
Hong Kong
And btw,, plz watch yesterday's Koffee with Karan episode for clearing your all confusion !
My baby bday is tomorrow
I want all my clothes designer
/||\_
I want someone else to buy them
\
|| \_
Did you record Lexie reading her poem? I can send it to you if not. Thank you for filming
I'm soo happy was a huge success . I grew up with my dad telling me awesome stories
Deserve ni Ed ng mataas na ratings sa TWBA. Sana Walang mag pa Live tonight We, OFW can wait tomorrow sa
Spamming the TL
I already voted. I wanted to make sure my ballot was counted this time around.
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Wow you look Sexy I love it my God wow I don't know what to say right now
I was about to ask you what movie you walked out on but glad to see that was not the case!
Get hip ! Your welcome
Please po!
Forever.. Lifetime.. To infinity and beyond !
Yes to next time!
SALUTE
wait to watch you shine on the next level
Somehow, I don't think this "caravan" is our worst problem. Just a thought.
Hey
I am waiting for the results
Glad to hear you say this told you she
Dompet Mahika by My Qeena yg cute ini ready teman"..
Congrats girly
my friend wants a boyfriend... get on it
I really wish I went went straight off to college as soon as I graduated! But, okay, look up and be done
Awesome
Thank you kuya Jose!!
Yaaay
olsun
Thank you! Always up to something... Still not sure who is the leader of the pack... All I know is it's not me!
she cheated on me
Congrats ck! Thankyou
Can i shoot my shot with you Only if your name is Niko
oxy punya acne patch serious the best
Thank you
mypicturebookcafe - Autumn. Halloween A little witch girl Done with ink and gouache.
Happy n Safe journey
assistindo Magic Mike XXL
Right back at ya blood
welcome to GUANGZHOU
LAHAT PO NG GUSTO MAGAVAIL PAKI -PM LANG PO AKO !!
IPHONES For SALE !!
FU
7p 128gb 24,500
7p 32gb 22,000
7
I have no close connection with my family from both sides sounds pretty cold af but you know im happy
Hi crush Hello Dm moko
Muchas gracias
Donr worry
so welcome if you ever need a here
My 2 year old always smiles when I show her pictures or videos of you and Peep
It will going to let them collect it not wasting a day hanging around
No problem! You're welcome!
Yes ofc
My favorite little drummer boy... parapa-pam-pam...
Your welcome
Share a birthday with the baddie. Ain't that something
Welcome to the Nathan!
Glad you're loving the so far!
I Think Doing Better On Fortnite But One Day I Want To Compete In One Of the skirmish One Day
God sends you what you NEED
No just the right amount
My credit score is looking nice and healthy
guys please vote for By Facebook.
Goodnight pal son!
Awh Im happy to hear that.
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Well I looked kinda cute tonight . I got so many compliments that my head hurts now
I am looking for Irene Ntale, she misplaced her past papers of Swangez Avenue, she used to perform highly, tell afriend to tell a friend
i just really hate labels
Def orbing. I have to choos a power. But yes it so true.
I believe wala pang pinapalabas na Book 2 si . But before this year ends, one
I had 170 names with me
Lmao whatever helps you sleep at night princess
Happy birthday to me
This is it for now
Hi semua
Update on bestseller set
Basic Set 1,2,3
Flawless Set 1,2,3
Glowing Set 1,2,3
Complete Set 1,2,3
Eunyeon, my fav cp
You're welcome
welcome
Be myself cause I love being me
Congratulations!!!
stay positive guys! be happy!
I had a hard time tagging you, don't ask haha. You're very pretty and I love that you're a kind person
thankyou po
Ah... thank you Lee-san.
wahhhh teukbar getting married. congrats. what if leeteuk attend her wedding
Have a happy
Carats after voting to STARPLE, now go straight to YT and stream DWC. Our target is to hit 100m today. It's
Follow me on Instagram
you look so familiar to me but you cute & seem cool
OMG! Thanks Its Showtime for playing my favorite song today
Follow aku dong
Back to the bull
smiley
Good morning
Not A Girl Sarre Still Gonna keep HIM
Photoshop CS6, Adobe Illustrator y PhotoEditor (Android)
Thank you nikkilouguico for that bonggang surprise and Unit 506
Much appreciated The Palm Towers Condominium
wait
Yessssss I hate coffee :( But good for you for not needing more.
All that matters
Happy Birthday!
Thank you
Yeah was the other day.. Was asking if it would be ok to dress a bit slutty (or as I call it sexy)
181006 We waited until he finish, for our miracle to come true
He took the time to chat
When your praying please remember to ask about the thank you
Here they are again. Since they came with names I have no idea which boy is which but here are their names;
All
Get delicious vegetarian ingredients delivered straight to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh
Thank you
Followers get on with join
Thanks
I just watched this on Amazon Prime. Wonderful thriller. Nice twist at the end.
Wow, I wish I was like you! I'm a big Taylor swift fan, can't wait till Friday too!!
Happy birthday - hope you have a great day
I use doordash. Have only rarely had a problem and they go above and beyond making it up to you when they f- up.
Directions say 1 C. Pancake mix
Fessy takes out an actual cup. Love him so much!
Hope Haleigh loves the pancakes!
Thank you also for considering my request
Mine is
I was a good cheating ass boyfriend imagine me now not cheating and all about you
Thank you
No one compares to you
I will always pay attention to everyone! Anytime I see someone sitting I always ask if okay!
Thank you
Met lunch guys
been great
Perfect bye week, every team in the division lost
Thank you!!!
Had a great dinner sponsored by my girl! Talkin bout bout lets go i got you best feeling
Y sigo comiendo torta y escuchando el happy birthday
inbox me
Halloween 2018 was good now I should see what 22 July is all about
Good
more of a JeTi fan. But I like Taengsic also.
Gotta love having someone text you and call you that you made it to Houston safe
This was wonderful to read, thank you!
Hi everyone. Please help vote for our Hamster Jinnie!
just been so happy with the way life is going
bet on this week then if war ready
De mis favoritas
hello twitter
Beautiful
JJSJSKSKSKSKSLS OK OK
You got it. on babysitting duty I want my niece
Yeah man. I got a work visa
I feel myself wanting to close everybody out , stay to myself
Obg
Steady
Welcome to the club
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Chippewa St. Got it! I'm excited! Haha! Thanks again
Allah Gak mau Kita Susah
Feel rd today
I meannnnnn you could just give them to me.
Someone come to you and make you feel so precious and suddenly make you feel unwanted I really get used to it.
Sad thing but he gonna build it come 2020! And you know why
Thank you for the invite - lots of fun as always.
Here is 3 for ya , not gonna lie loving yourself is a wonderful feeling
My night ! Finally have a day off and can play
Amen. Keep ya head up. B encouraged my dear sister.
chingas a tu madre
that?
Remember, no expectations no disappointments. Goodnight
in such a good mood
Nice art style. suits Sir Raven very well
I hope your week is filled with joy and laughter
I felt kinda pretty today
No, its only we think that we hide pain perfectly. But someone who understand u, knows it in just a moment.
Every day, one should also take a chance on oneself
Buenas noches Twitter
Hasta
Yung UMD, Streetboys and Abstract ang favorite kong dance group nung 90s. Fanatic ako nung time na yan
I got this nice live wallpaper I love it I love being apart of this community
Pm me for your orders
Resellers are very welcome
% Legit Gold Seller
Authentic Gold Jewelries
All golds are Pawnable (nasasangla)
Happy birthday, Sir! Have a great day.
WINNER OF GIVEAWAY WILL BE PICKED NEXT WEEK! Busy lang with deadlines~ hope you understand Also, don't unfollow
Good! You?
Wow! Congrats!! Happy for you!
update: my boyfriend went to the store & got me hot chips and icecream
im glad you got to see these
A wise man once said "it is disrespectful to turn down a woman"
Thank you
Very very gd mrning to all my dear sisters
Have a happy and
De lege mr mol los...
Hello. My business handle is . Thanks
We are sunstar family. Keep going
Lingerie Friday! Could The End Of The Week Be Any Better?
I'm glad.
Thank you! Have a lovely evening and wonderful week.
I hope she knows that her friend is not of limits
Hey y'all
Beautiful
You can always come with me js you Vanessa and
Thanks
Las voy a checar! Gracias
I Be Ya Undercover Lady.
Thanks!
Of courseeee
Thank you Betty
Goodluck,Honey!
Lol thanks. I needed that.
GERAL DO FANDOM FALANDO QUE REALMENTE TEM HORA QUE DA RAIVA, MAS ENTRO AQUI E A MAIORIA FALA DE MURILO. DEUS TA VENDO
Shall we go back to ass??
Hey lil head
Monkey king always go crazy sex in the mouth
Stay blessed
Perfect combo
Thanks - already on my list to contact
Sometimes a girl needs to get dirty (30 Photos)
Looks so cozy Hope you enjoyed!
happy birthday, Patrice!!!!!
Sebab cakap ni lagu favourite dia , sanggup search dan hafal lirik btw congrats convo
First day of my second week at my new job. Volunteering to work a fundraiser and my first team meeting tomorrow
Just let me know. Whatever you need I got you.
Either the 22nd or 24th
It's only cuz I love you sweetie
Leaving it upto my fate... hope wud definitely see it some day... bohut man se likhi h maine
HELLO Franfam ang FRANCIS! have a nice Monday FRANCIS
If you can dream it, you can do it.
I gotcha man
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Thank you so unexpected and happily welcomed after yesterday CD (here in Tokyo we had server issues so we play)
can you PLEASE send me the link of this video/gift/panel ??!
btw if anyone wants to this
Peace of mind and knowledge lang Lord salamat
always pray you're the one, mine, the best till Jannah
Listen to him for while
Why hide the real you? You are a masterpiece, as our creator says
Guten Morgen
we still have a lot of time
dobry
I said i dealing with but this boy is kind of sweet
You can read, dear. I think.
Paraben !
I smoke lil moe by the bound
uhmmm why not light skin is the right skin
awww this is so I'm soft...
But you gotta make move lad.
another reason why Boogeyman is my ! Much love
LMAO. You guys are the best. Thanks
Oh yes they were thanks
boleh
First day of my second week at my new job tomorrow. Working at a fundraiser for an hour and my first team meeting
It's a beautiful life
Beautiful day.........
Me
I'm excited
Yay I'm so happy you do enjoy the sticker!
since it already D-71 i will post about myself in thread
No worries at all!
We have alot of clients who stay at The Dingley hotel and have said they are quite happy there..
Can't stop to be grateful
wait for Christmas and I even celebrate it
can I find post match interviews anywhere? Up the Moore's!
Let karma do its thing
ty
Preach it girl! You gotta do best for you and nobody else!
Horny asf
Bonjour ! TV5MONDE vous souhaite une belle semaine !
Thank you Jimmy. Coming from you that means a lot. nice to know someone understands.
CLARO, VAMOS A ESTAR CON NUESTROS AMIGOS DE
LYFT is partnering with you & giving you rides << LYFT Code MIGUELT10 Raleigh LYFT credit freestuff
More of THIS, pleaseandthankyou.
Lunch!!
Hua San Court, Hui Sing
Jaja
thank you te joy
My fave is I'll never love again and Shallow
Hi Rach Novels novels novels I love good novels tweet you more tonight All the best Steve
Todos felices
your so nice I love talking to you glad we met wait to hang more
Thank you
Haven't really spoken to her. First time I met her it was more like sign language. The
Cool will you be 8 or 4?
Firstly a big Yes...secondly we both born in November that's also a big reason
I have a recipe you can use those fresh vegetables from your CSA on
*now accepting GOOD FRIEND applications*
Thanks bhaiya
be happier
Noah & I Halloween costumes are cute
Kas sinul on juba myHummy toode?
Bengals lost
Ravens lost
Browns lost
Pittsburgh bye it was a great week in football people.
I BELIEVE ALL SURVIVORS GUILTY UNTIL HE CAN PROVE HIS INNOCENCE HE SHOULD BE ABLE TO DO THIS
best sleep in Myanmar. this hotel bed is amazing rainy day, taking it slow and easy. no itinerary.
Very Good morning
God gave me the words for encouraged text already . I hope you all enjoy this one and receive it with
Thank youuuu im good, can't sleep at the moment and you, how was NY?
so proud of myself my kept my waist trainer on my whole shift bout to get off in 30 mins
Lmao already following you ? I even remember when
Thank you for this info
Lovely
Thank you
You're one talented being I was so surprised and so proud of you bebe Date soon lablab
Huncha ne buney!!
you look so cute & happy
I miss talking with my grandma
We made that joke in WA state when we went legal.
And I know that you don't
But if I ask you if you love me
I hope you li-li-li-lie
Lie to me
A little bit of 5sos while I'm cleaning
Hi I just made new account ONLY for stray kids and look at my layout it's so cuTE
Happppppy Birthday to him
Happy birthday to the baddest I hope you had an amazing one you deserve it queen
Huge thank you to the tv show that made me smile 110%
Good morning my Hero have a good day ahead keep smiling always take care lots of love my Hero
I hear an Owl hooting outside. I have my bedroom window open. I like that
ikaw dapat nasa gitna eh.
Yes! Absolutely and also their background story
Good afternoon to me and to them
If Ashlyn shown you the light, she has now
HELLO Franfam ang FRANCIS! have a nice Monday FRANCIS
at what age are men responsible and need a girl to be nagging at them? asking for a friend
all inclusive! Fuel, food ... just go and enjoy
i love it! thank u
Learn How to Slow Down and make 2017 more Memorable
I forgot Meryl Streep and Colin Firth
buy any Just clicked them as they looked beautiful
Thank you! I appreciate that.
I and happiness...this video has both, thanks Ale!!!
The Chivettes had a little show and tell recently (14 Photos)
He does
Okay we could wear those on saturday!!
Very sad, pero doc remember everything has purpose malay mo nangyarin yun because, oras na. Cheer up!
- honestly but i have no friends
Sorry mah friend
My Avi is one of my favorite selfies of myself
I found this on Pinterest! What do you think?
survived!! thank u Lord!!
Ooh, fun topic! And back, so I can participate!
I found my reason to be happy again , thank you
My island better go there
Prison Playbook, Chicago Typewriter
Some one hacked u r handle
thank you
B-day in 5 days I will officially be 28 !!!
It's crazy I don't look a day over
Blessed and thankful
It is STILL his birthday, and a reason to celebrate. And smile with loving memories.
Fun fact! In case people miss this deadline, CA is a state where you can register to vote the day of elections
Thank you auntie Love you too wait to see you
hmm its not real if its not tatted on ya
Cuteee
Basta blue
You're too kind. I'll let people that are more interesting than me have that honor.
Mangan ta! Vikings Luxury Buffet, The Block SM North Edsa
me blush buddy did feel pretty cool when it worked though
There are Sexy Chivers among us (60 Photos)
Finally my childhood dreams are coming true
I found my happy place when I stop comparing myself to everyone else.
Go Babey Mag foods rata paghuman exam nimo
Ah
and issues
Selamat Siang All CD The Unforgettable Sekarang Tersedia di
1. iTunes / Apple Music :
Aww me too
Happy birthday lyss!
Amg wrongc choices sa question ni Rayver ay Glaucoma and Eczema. Sa Ophtha and Derma yang mga yan.
y'all are so cute together awww
Thank you so much for availing 1 year of spotify premium til our next transaction!
Omg stop you're making me blush
Thank you very much!
& for more Videos!
Thanks, Queen
whatever! I'm over it. Seriously
Nipples make the boob like a tie make a suit. Pretty women pretty nipples
Accidentally called our tip jar The Tit Box to customer today
Hey Kimba, I've just found this tweet. Sorry. New at this My
thanks for the positivity
Got mine - thank you
Most seem ok but if it's a no then I respect that
Thank you!!!
Pay day rolling around faster these days
Good company
Jimin_ssi and Jeon_ssi....so cute....
The last time that nigga gets to me lol. You do you boy. But come crying back to me when things workout
So happy
Dont react BW!
- you used to be cool
Forgot to post yesterday but thanks for 1300 follows on Twitch
Sorry but I'm not the type of person that you can walk all over. I hope you learned your lesson today
watch watch lang
Just subscribed
New Profile pic
YAY Congratulations Jonathan YASSSS
Thank you
Ahh that's amazing that I was able to do that tbh! Thank you for all your support throughout the journey
I Love you no matter what. I just want you to be happy and always be who you are. Aweee Thank you anon
Thanks so much, Mal That means a lot coming from someone with awesome photography skills
Ah! You got some! What flavors did you pick?
Yes, it is ok to use it
Thanks !!
Thank you or month? hehee
Waiting Bro
bence de
No hopes. No worries
Every time , AlhumduLillah
And I am hungry now after watching
If you're having a hard time on how to vote just visit They're also giving answers on the quiz Wannables Fighting!
Seeker of radical visions
Buongiorno
I forgot all bout this video.. thank you, allison!!
I wait to cover my tattoos
keep it up! goodluck to us
Thank you
Noted
Happy Birthday Marta I hope your day is filled with joy and happiness Enjoy!
I want a Panamera but I can only afford shoes so getting brogues
Good Morning
It seems to be the overwhelming favorite on Facebook! Vitamin C!!!
A mild Sunday night via
Well, that would have been quite an honor! I shared pucs of several beautiful people, including
Nothing better than little spooning under some blankets on a freezing NY night.
I was right behind you for part of the first set, but I didn't get a chance to say hey. So... hey, Kenton!
abla mutlu sabahlar
Together InsyaAllah
Have a great start of the week
Thank youu. I believe you're too.
Moin
You right girl friend
Wow birthday wishes from Fans.
Advance happy birthday to you darling
Thanks for all pspk fans
GD MRNING
Have a lovely day
Times come where we feel worthless, just know people gon cry if we shaaaaadead keep your head up crazy ass
welcome
exactly
round 2 of clinicals in the morning
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Yw
Send me emojis for a TBH.
Good morning Brownie.
Wonderful new week
but this penguin is not free tho
that one person you'll never get tired to talk with
Absolutely no problem! Have a great week!
My birthday is tuesday!! I do hope you gett better soon kitty
Thanks x Judi . I think that seems to be the overwhelming choice on Facebook too. PS: is
Suga knew sth...
Bored, ask me something
Lol nice try bbg, byee
Hola!!
The greatest cricketer Mother India has ever produced!! long live Captain
My pleasure
6 away from 50 though..
sleeping in all day tomorrow
CONGRATS TO YOU BOTH! Love the announcement photo as well
Thank you very much, Marius
Most welcome
In God's grace all these hardships will turn into beautiful events for me someday
Watching
Took my mom to see Cirque du Soleil: Corteo yesterday for her birthday. She loved it which made me so happy
wait
Mr.Bones
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
Okay Maestro I will try my best to be like you
I love facing an aisle to come back to it 30 mins later destroyed
I love staying up this late so quiet so I can always hear my inner demons telling me not good enough and die alone
Teacher
I love beautiful teacher
Aww thank you so much! LOVES Christina and I accepted being his
Not a bad word choice.
Gracias
Thank you Julian! We are beyond excited
Done
Wala pang payment instruction and how much the shipping fee?
Hope to experience this awesome feast experience in ! go!
I want whatever sweat jacket Joon and Jimin were wearing in the UN video... and hoodie too. they look sooo comfy
Ito pala ang kadugtong
Domo We Are All Worried About You Just Rest Your Pretty Face Already
my friends are planning another trip to Colorado but of course I have school and no money. I love my life!
That one band you will never ever get bored listening to
Top 1
Some great songs to stream on spotify!
- Power Up
- Hello
just the messenger
We fw Hammond and Toula
Busty Girls With Curvy Goods
nowhere rather be than on your nerves
chill lang hehe
living good if you tell , so if you do nothing for me or ya self I definitely need you
You have said that better
Korean teen cosplaying as Harley Quinn.
Those (madaling araw) early out days.
They had Ube and Strawberry flavor but the original oneis the best.
Suerte a todas las personas que praticipando
Lol
I really appreciate the place. Thank you to the person who brought me here
May God bless you guys. And provide all your needs according sa Will ni Lord Andaming nyong napapasaya
Hi Elizabeth! Glad you liked the pix! It's a white crappie. Here's a better photo of 1 for ya.
thanks for the RT
Every birthday girl deserves a special Day May you have the best Birthday Dear Have fun. Take care
So reminiscent of 2016. Hmm...
Even pretty girls take a trip to Derpville (36 Photos)
Happy birthday leader-nim see you soon
*Bloquea su agenda*
This maturation is fierce and will most definitely be unstoppable
Nothing to worry about.
Ooh sorry I didn't know that, sister
okay, thank you for your hard work
Chinese food is UGH so good
Thx Claudia, your advice is appreciated I always clog up every phone or computer
I cannot
Good morning
"I wouldn't be begging for some shit again if that's what you fucking want then be it. Good luck with your studies."
Okaaaaaay
This candle smells so good omg
Always remember this.
I hope they delete it
a good fucking person yet people be wishing bad upon me but karmas a bitch and one day find out who tf you are and whoop your ass
Apparently no one can give me I right now ... affection and di... nvm
Punten kang ini betulan atau hoax ??!
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
thanks for the RT
Icon, stop apologizing for standing up for trans rights. No need to apologize everyone loves you
Hello everyone please help me this is my 2nd rt deal please send helppp i need 99 rts thank you so much i will
Good night everyone~ <3 I hope everyone had a good day! And if not, I hope that tomorrow will be better for you!!
Popsicles
Dillon Software, Inc. is looking for a Java Backend Developer at Dillon Software, Inc. (allows remote)
Aw, glad to hear this! Thank you very much
I worked out today and exfoliated from head to toe... I feel amazing
thanks for the RT
I'm so glad to know that
Have a good day, my little sister!
binangonan
Good morning! Happy Monday to you all! back for you, after this weekend while I was been abused by my boyfriend
clearly missed
really starting to understand manifestation. It goes a lot further that simply speaking into existence BUT all just as simple
if you need help dm me willing to
Thank you
That movie is so funny..... Lol Enjoy your time with the man you love.
*Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work.*
Happy Morning
Last day of being a 15 year old
Wahh okay! I dont know why I like to torture myself but okay I will wait for you to share! Thanks
Lexi Lou has a boo
welcome
Always ready for tea
the less you care what others think, the happier you'll be.
Be happy with yr life
say all for shooting my shot
thanks for the RT
*Wraps my arms around you and giggles*
LAHAT PO NG GUSTO MAGAVAIL PAKI -PM LANG PO AKO !!
IPHONES For SALE !!
FU
7p 128gb 24,500
7p 32gb 22,000
7
Bismillah /14
Mula sa organizing committee ng maraming maraming maraming salamat po for coming home with us
Follow me back
I am female and I own a Juul.
thanks for the RT
If you are asked to sing "kathale" song from thefilm 96 will you?
Thank you
Guys! K A L M A
Good morning
Thank you so much sir ji . Love u
Gd morning... I wanna sleep too... BTW kimchi di u're soo cute
Yes you do
something i came up that i thought would be fun;
mutuals give me a music genre and a color and make you a playlist
Thanks for voting and making the decision a little easier lol
I had so much fun today!!!
Good to see you on twitter Edward
Yes. Great mention And Nushrat just elevated every emotion with her performance. She is an extremely underutilized talent.
Me until I realized I got a fat raise recently and my pay check is gonna be fat
Nobody said it was easy.
No one ever said it would be this hard.
If not obvious, my favorite date
thanks for the RT
No se nota .. ' Crys "
i should sign up for the next gen
Actually had a good weekend
thanks
Try a First ever on ps4
Merci beaucoup
I had Taylor Swift stuck in my head for like two days all I heard well besides Mj and I can listen to him all day
really starting to understand manifestation. It goes a lot deeper than only speaking things into existence BUT all just as simple
What's coming
is better than
whats
gone.
Thanks so much
I proudly represent Gen X! Vintage 1965 baby!
Thank you
| goodnight Ash hope you had such an amazing & special blessed Sunday & overall you enjoyed
That's the spirit hon
Well thanks for the mean time
Look at the biggest creation from the One and Only, unbelievable, seeing this makes my heart Happy
Few more days until the reveals. What is this about they're cooking, bring it on
- Cooking something
A mild Sunday night
| goodnight hun hope you had such an amazing & special blessed Sunday & overall you
Omg! Yassss. Love this picture alot.
Week 7 Results:
LAC -6.5 vs. TEN
TB -3.5 vs. CLE
DET -3 vs. MIA
CAR +5 PHI
MIN -3.5 NYJ
NE -1.5
ahh i love love the way you write!! so unique and neat!
Morning Coffee?
Lindo y lindo
Got a of gold
on
I am female and I own a Juul.
If you want to know about the fandom , feel free to message or tweet to me
So happy for you Mariel !!!
Okay,thanks
then lets not label you, labels are for tin cans , just be yourself, everyone of us are unique in our own way
shower & beddd for me
It is simple, isn't it?
I found a ton of great persona 5 wallpapers
Happy happy
Ready to get cute tomorrow
Yes of course.
Parang kuya ko Lang pastor gladiator_jonathan
Thank you boss smokingpope1971 And Mam zhaq888 for giving me
No si te sirva
Comment and like. Follow us for more hot guys! hotguysinboxers
Your always beautiful with or without make up
Thank youuu
560 vote me sirf 50 RT. It clearly shown 510 are supporting the Yogi govt
I want an anklet with my first initial on it
And some of your tweets enlighten too.
Awesome! Glad you found it helpful
Goodnight
How to buy civil ki goli book see video
Un dibujito
know your worth girl
Thank you girl, I definitely will
Thank you!! Because of your post, I will go see it.
God bless you & be well..!
Happy Birthday hope you had a good day!
Thanks Cess !!! Stay strong and gorgeous
Most Fav Vijay's Movie. BGM!.
If I finish my hw in 20 min I can still get 3 hrs of sleep before I have to be up for work
sisa semalam selfie in toilet
Bb have been out there grabbing every opportunity offered cause he deserves it. Btw, STAN ASTRO cowards.
thanks for the RT
The drive to Layton was totally worth it
Thanks
esperando.
Yeeeeeey... thanx
see this n Accept Mere Samne wali Khidaki Mein
Congratulations
still trying to get to 10,000.
So glad back and that doing better!!!
I died yesterday but back to my normal self
thanks for the RT
Doctor : What is your blood group
Me : TEA POSITIVE
thought nobody else caught that
Happy birthday ati pong
Thank you tabrez.
Bring Crown Candy to Sunset Hills! We love ya and will take care to make sure you are happy
Brisom
IV of Spades
One Click Straight
Ransom Collective
Tandem's 91
Ysanygo
Sasayaw at sisigaw lang
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
That's what friends are for
This will be the BEST Halloween ever!!! Orange is so cute.
Can you recommend a good Yiddish online dictionary ?
Congrats
Using Asus Zenfone's and Laptops.
Great Performance and Value for money.
Recommended to many people
thank you thank you Fatima.
temenin aku main ayunan dong
Spruce up your cooking skills with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30% off with this
Thanks John.
thanks for the RT
be back
P. S. : All the gifs I've been using in this thread are all from Filli Vanili. That's why it's such a great episode
I can Digg this
Had an awful weekend but this week will be great
AW YAY Thank you Scott!
Hello world
Bacong, Negros Oriental, Philippines
Congrat, guys! Such a nice couple! I wish you the best guys! For a lot of years!!
Good news, proud!
Morning Joan have a gd one xx
Mira ven, te voy a decir un algo
Great op!
Lauren looks a bit like she's doing a Jessica Jones cosplay here...
can you unroll this thread for easy sharing peas and spanks
No problem Fran. right here if you need me.
Unta dimalason ka no That's so mean of you to wish somebody receives bad luck. Anyways I wish you all the
And of course late winner the Milan derby
Happy birthday !! Hope an awesome day for you
Happy birthday bro
Wish you many more happy returns of the day
react, like, leave msgs supporting her solo, share the article.
I think I am ready to get married... I like this buti
So cool~ Your art is beautiful
Yup2 number 4 na sila
Buongiorno
Awee thanksss so are you! And I seen you girl! We should link
Thank you
Hey! The team is looking into this. Please hang in there , we'll get you an update as soon as
Hit News 105.6
Finally finished my paper just for it to get edited and torn up tomorrow by a writing specialist
can we like get these visuals for your tour when you come to Houston?
In 20 days I will be in Costa Rica.
Hello, Good Morning
Dominos comin round 10:30 ina morning... wait
go on a movie date go to a movie *
Aww thanks so much Sometimes it's good to create for the sake of creating
The transition from being a freelancer to working 9-5 isn't easy...
I still get to teach on Sundays.
Schedule food deliveries when they're convenient for you! Enjoy 30% off your order with this
I like my room to be freezing cold
So proud of you and your work ethic to being the best you that you can be
Thank you...I hope so
I love seeing smile. It makes me smile
Thanks dear
You don't have a big liver, I thought you have.
Siang, have a day for you too
Great that getting a trip in before you need to apply for visas
Taknak confess dulu
I love you too take care okay?? Please be okau
thank you
thank you!!
Yeah same the original I love (piper is my fave)
No seas cursi.
I enjoy photography and editing the images
SHEENA! So happy we met last night thanks to Beth! I meant every single word!
Can't wait for this, Joonie.
But I saw it, though.
Hi dear friend and teddy
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
i messed up but not too much
He is a fashion dribbler!
Domo Is Strong Shes Good
So much gorgeous beautiful and lovely
Your greatness is not what you have , but what you give!!
ohh he snapped
I did something fun today I masturbated in a car ride
I hope you had an amazing weekend and a great birthday I love you so much
Look who is pointing finger
Just lol
I'll remember u as uncle lol
Guitar guy had the prettiest hair. I crushed on him!
My birthday is on September 27th
^^^~~^^^
So high
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy 30%
Nothing but the truth
Thank you
Indeed ... In sha Allah your day would be blessed
And Kimba the White Lion was a 'must watch' imho
Tu puedes con
Oh maguva from Satyam
New Twitter, Thank you for the track
Tell me when you ready
so happy right now. Goodnight
stop it with the dirty pick up lines lol. I was just on her to let you know you have a gorgeous smile
/wts/ handcream nature republic x exo
Masih ada kai, lay, chen, xiumin. Tiap member harganya 50k (handcream+PC).
Cuenta conmigo,
Good news for me
I subscribed and will check it out this week.
starting the day with positive vibes
Good thing never met me
I read it. definitely worth your time.
so cool having a great and patty got to meet her
I need to go to guidance counsellor, then may isang tao na biglang dumating, a psychology graduate.
M waiting
I Love Your Profile Page
ur own bed is also a result of clever mktg once upon a time ..successful mktg n sales though!!
slutty sunday my friends
Welcome. Have a great Sunday Night.
This is awesome!
Akanksha is sweetest Yes she is a girl with no attitude
Even though you treat me like trash, still welcome to hmu. talk!
Semoga recovery-nya bisa berjalan lancar. Get well real soon Beby!
DirectX 5!? Golly. a way back...
Thanks! Glad you enjoyed it.
When will you come India, in my home town?
Sounds very nice
That sounds great , I hope that she works out well have a great arvo
I applied for monetization. Can you please accept my application?
Deep conversations
Buying second-hand ships (complete with sales listings) is now a thing in
please be kind enough to RT
hahahaha.. it's ok dear..
You can listen and/or re-listen to our sermon series on our website or church app!
It is my hope that everyone is polite and courteous to their family.
My life has me very content rn & my boyfriend reminds me of that everyday
Hello guys! We'll be having a group picture this coming sunday (10/28) at MOA - 3PM Everyone can join us as
orbits winning again! were composing x x instrumentals
Sa mga classmates kong wala pang sagot sa activity ,mamaya pa ata ito ididisscuss The differentiation rules for
Keep calm and carry a fabulous bag
.
Price :6000
Dm or click link in bio to order .
.
sorsogon po
If You're Reading this post May God bless you today with a Job be
.
Retweet Retweet retweet
twitter ter stories.. apoio
good
please be kind enough to RT
The next Streaming Party will be on Thursday, October 25 It will talk about Ep 2x12 of Beauty and the
It is happening and this is a good idea. they both wrecked us. What a great couple.
E re ke bone
!
Thank you and the same for you too
Come On Rock That Body
Name: Kim Ki Bum
Stage Name: Key
Birthday: 23-September-1991
I know most of you need to hear this; you are doing great and you will have a great week
Read it and believe it. Trust me it will
Lls thanks mani i appreciate it
Not sure if this is true, but I like it, so gonna roll with it
Very kind of you to say plenty of things in the pipeline but our focus
Good luck, I'm sure you'll blow them away
Amen all praise to Christ very welcome I truly appreciate your kind words as well, God bless you always too.
pick up
Riding and Doggystyle Fucking with Cumshot on Ass Wearing Red Satin Nightie
Hmm Alright Thanks Learn Something New Everyday
Uyyy si Meng!
Agree ?
Thanks for the prompt response n resolution! Appreciate your help!
please be kind enough to RT
it was posted on weibo! but they were in China when the photo was taken
G
We meet again rollercoaster mingaw ko nmo da
Ang cute mo, Ate! wala ka bang I she share jan?
I get what I want
You girls are the best make it happen !
you are my
my only
you make me
when skies are grey
Do you know memes?
Ooh ho. Koii naai bro. Thankss
Happy birthday to the little doll blessings from millions
Thanks! Hehe
Do you have a wish list? I am in the process of setting one up! I'll post links when it's all done!
trust the process
I am so excited to cook my fruity macaroni salad.
LAHAT PO NG GUSTO MAGAVAIL PAKI -PM LANG PO AKO !!
IPHONES For SALE !!
FU
7p 128gb 24,500
7p 32gb 22,000
7
please be kind enough to RT
Get well soon Leader
if you can think of anyone it would be most appreciated
singing loud!
City Hayi Hayi As'sphelelanga"
Thanks tin
Paige A.K.A Saraya Jade Bevis
Single
DTF
Friendly
Sometimes Can Be Bitch
Ships with anyone
Hipon and gulay for our lunch
welcome!
Wow! You looking more and more like a Black woman. I will take that as a compliment.
Pretty sure everyone is feeling this way after fall break.. but we can't wait to see you tomorrow!
Yes yes
Well, I'm a great grandfather, so maybe it's just me.
me please
If you have Instagram please follow me
My instagram: kpopxmadness
My heart is
Let's see. Who knows! Darating ako
Well she's right. Sometimes you just got to throw caution to the wind and ..... Chance it
please be kind enough to RT
A Very Very fresh GD MRNING to everyone
Have a happy healthy, beautiful and awesome day.
Have a
Hope it was a good one Happy Birthday
Monday Mood Log Cabin Wright Park
MIAM with a fan
You control your own happiness
Welcome to Chokoraa Twitter. Nice to meet you too.
please be kind enough to RT
Uth gya
Swt. Morning Lvly frnd
I really wanna do my thigh
Good afternoon can we all be competitive without dragging anyone down? Ok? thanks
so happy for you
Can I text you why not?
please be kind enough to RT
It may be worth getting up extra early tomorrow morning.
EXPENSIVE .... DAY 22.... nothing but a pen
But they were soooo cute so I have blamed you!
I hope to make my day with your follow
So sweet Loveyousomuch See u later love
Happy birthday to the little doll blessings from millions
Just posted, go check it out and subscribe!
Those who are really your friend would understand love u paigey!!
After a busy day, get food delivered right to your doorstep with the help of HelloFresh Enjoy
What do you do when you are frustrated & bored
fine
There all police officers, which makes them all equally as awsome as each other.
please be kind enough to RT
Thank you!
No spoilers, I promise. Just a few quotes.
U have a cute booty
Gracias!
Buongiorno!
LAHAT PO NG GUSTO MAGAVAIL PAKI -PM LANG PO AKO !!
IPHONES For SALE !!
FU
7p 128gb 24,500
7p 32gb 22,000
7
Demet
geldin
They so good tonight
akashvukoti
Good night for you Lisi starting my day here
please be kind enough to RT
Fab! Definitely a beautiful day for us all
Where at in CA? I live in Anaheim
wait for my next tattoo
MST taping sila Ken Today.. 2 locations
nice playthrough and commentary
Congratssss!!
Looks like you had a lot of fun!
Good Morning Tweeps. Have a Nice Day!
My prayer
Characters with big boobs:
Characters with big boobs wearing tops that barely contain then:
I can understand bro
The kids are very fascinated about the submarine cable
Thanks for calling to say goodnight
Thank you for the follow
Dang I love this song so much!
Oh, thank you very much!
Did we meet today? What's your twitch username?
so ready to see this Glow Up girls always look 10 times better after a break up
Yes. Duh & Thank God for that.
So sweet
yho I'm way better even you
