would be pleased if you could see this hope to see you again
thanks for following Have you also checked out
LYS
!
I am looking for a Taiwan BTS - LYS ticket. Give
thank you so much
I Officially Love Las Vegas Thank You Spring Valley High School For Letting Me Host My First Ever Homecoming
Me too
Honerable CM of Maharashtra Pls keep focused on Basic Need of Common man n don't show such kind of stopper things
Your welcome
Secured 2 bags tonight no
Suvo Bijoya
Merci thread a lire
Thank you I hope I see a HD version instead of google shit
Thank you so much for sharing this with us, sir
I hope these scenes are only for picture purpose and we don't have to waste time on seeing the actual scenes
Thank you
done ^^ wml
May their soul rest in peace.... Amin
She's so pretty, am not giving her back if I find her.
Hope she's found though
Thanks for quick response & also looking for quick resolve problems
Did some major work on my very old Acer yesterday with the help of Now looks like a proper tree
sir poster kab de rahe ho.. Trend k liye poster wahi 1 jan wala use kar rahe hai..
Thank you so much
trying to draw joonie, really hoping it comes out good
My God's not dead , surely alive, living on the inside roaring like a lion
for following! Check out
Amen Sister
Ipo
It's a huge endeavor, akin to being at a film fest all the time, and you guys have been knocking out of the park.
Please
Scent is an access issue for anyone who had chemical sensitivity. It fucks me up seriously.
You smell
Merci beaucoup
for following! Check out
wishing for army bomb ver. 3 ... hooopingg
Wow! Congrats So happy for you, may God always bless you on your motherhood journey. See how
I have to accept this has been harder than 2017 but worth it
Jago HINDU JAGO
SHARE WITH YOUR FAMILY AND FRIENDS
RETWEET Jarur Kara
i rebuke this in the name of jesus. amen
The incoming President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria.
Prayers for CoLorado its FLOODED with lying ass hoes
Unbelievable MISTER MARC MARQUEZ God bless u always
Happy anniversary Wishing al happiness always..
Thank You Note from the Bride
hemy_paris shot this
Cc: glorylyimo78
thanks for following Have you also checked out
Done, wish me luck
Spertinya seokwoo shipper? ehehe
It's only fucking match day blues 3 points today please
Hey! I have my exam in an hour so can I get a best of luck from your side please
Make my day please
0124636966, Adefila Titilayo Adebola, GTbank.
Please let them get their first win!
Message ya kibabe hio. Acha tufuge rasta and give praise to the most high this is how we become hoteps
STILL LOOKING FOR 3 TICKETS ANY OF THE FOLLOWING OPTIONS
not sure sometimes whether angle or angel so if I wrote it wrong, please forgive my error.
Thank you and likewise! Hope to see you soon and keep the going!
Thank you!
Baba abeg I still gotten anything since yesterday. 3rd winner last night
I'm What please play the English or Spanish version by
Thanks to 250 follower's
Please stop advertising in Daily Mail There are other ways to reach those target customers
Pic credits: editing namdhey
Thank you for supporting Jim, we really appreciate it.
Pandey saab ko bech do bhai , hooda is enough
but may not happen
Uwi na kayo please
Thank you Chizzy!!
Happy Birthday my luv, I hope you had a wonderful evening, so sorry we be
Praying for California.
Thanks
That's so cool.
Scored 64 in my dissertation..
It's understandable! Thank you for the hard work
Big Up To GROUPE NDUOM's Puopeli Radio 92.7fm For Holding Me Down Big Thanks To The Baddest DJ In The Upper
Por favor DIFUNDAN!
Dont stop streaming 'Regular' fellas! Vote for Regular on The Show and M!countdown!
I need 3 or 4
When festivals turned into tragedy no words are sufficient to console the effected people
Beautiful Roses and this.. Anemone hupehensis, in swedish
I been thinking about West all day damn Jeremiah
RT Por favor DIFUNDAN!
thanks for following Have you also checked out
I prayed for you last night and tonight on FB Live.
Respect
Thank you very much. Awaiting your positive response.
Happy birthday to the best woman ever.
Love her so much prayers for her mom
21 DECEMBER SE AAPKE PEECHE
TOO MUCH FUN
thanks for following Have you also checked out
WIEEE Thank You Lord
I guess di ko ingana ka worthless. Yeeey To God be the glory
I will graduate with a Merit. Not bad
[WTS] help rt
official WINGS photocard (taehyung)
- RM50 inc postage
- condition 10/10
helping my friend
Traitors and terrorist shocks.!!
Indian military Rocks.!!
Hats off to
One more Rudali moment for
for following! Check out
Yes!!!!! You do deserve a Great man like you have
if this true then we gonna camping for the merch seja
Happy Birthday i wish you long life and prosperity
Can you translate this, please?!
Haaahh.. It took 75 longgg years... The real Hero..
R.I.P. ROCKY BROTHER see you soon! this shit hit me right here!!
God bless!
Plz plz plz plz God , bless like this always is real and he needs this. He deserves
Sure , Hare Krishna
thank you for thank you from the bottom of my heart, thank you
thanks for following Have you also checked out
Live on some
enter here ------->
working on that aim!
let's
Thank you for supporting Rushanara. We really appreciate it.
Thank you
Please
Please
229/- SCB got for 79/- rupee
Lunch dhatha sukheebava
Inthakante em cheptham
Best over the counter medication for hayfever & allergies? I am so desperate here guys Texa has to be the
Please
Please
I'm so not worthy.
bless everyone who feels this
pray for us brother...
a beautifully wonderful Sunday morning tweeps hope you all have a lovely day
When you even think of leaving us!! Please remember these people All your fans need you . We
VERDOSE of everything good we desire Amen Ohya
sarewa o
Thank you saudi for the truth, we people of saudi want who ever did this brought to justic and face trial
Rip jamal
Feliz domingo bendiciones
thep.photographer Ayutthaya, Thailand
Thankyou for your recommendation noona
A little inspiration Keep fighting little fella I'm sure you will win this with a late KO
Unable to retrieve... Resend
Oscar winning performance
Finally! you did it and so happy for you!
Soft Opening from 22nd to 25th October 2018
Thank you grandior_hotel_prague for the special birthday surprise Much appreciated
We have always been motivated by your fight for dharma and idolize you for it but you
19pcs left
Eta: 1-2nd week of November
Dop: Tomorrow Morning
The voice of the Lord is powerful, the voice of the Lord is full of majesty.
Psalm 29:4.
Wonderful team work tc ur self all team members
Live images of losing his guard and getting baited. Thoughts and prayers be with him
Going to cause need my as very tired. ..
for following! Check out
Well done and thank you all for the support
Aww, thank you .... just when I needed the ego boost, not ego - more something to@make me smile
HI GUYS THIS IS STILL FOR SALE PLEASE BUY IT
Thanks again for the translation
If you're reading this have a blessed Sunday
Praying for those who are in pain.
Neeyum irukiye
Still going on the air shortly using periscope. Not ready yet.
Prayers are coming your way, in name. Amen
Blessings
Good health for my family
Sudah close
Thanks Happy day
Grade 8's 5-0
We love the look Madeleine! Thank you for your support for
for a Victory for you, Omar!
Watched today. Superb topic about social media & it's effect. Thanks to
Thats what friends are for
Spread
Sir I've my exam in an hour so can I please get a best of luck wish from your side
Today I give thanks to everyone who has been part of my life's journey.
Much Love & Respect
Preparing for church, I will watch later on
Sunday Motives#TGIS ..#Check all updates God
I Love Your Response Christian.
Isaiah 45
Absolutely
Amen
Thanks ugly
Striving for greatness Day by Day.
Amen
(1)
RT
Amen brother. Thank you so much
Thank You
A whole prayer Jah You keep me firm and strong. is a legend
Do you mind retweeting this to your history/social studies colleagues?
for following! Check out
Sir I've my exam in an hour so can I please get a best of luck wish from your side
Well done.
Keep hunting. May the force be with you. Jai Hind!
Whatever you do today, enjoy, have fun, & Have a super Sunday, all
(2)
RT
nct 127 has a chance at The Show most especially.. but we can increase their chances anywhere if we stream AND vote!!
Vote for Ajith Kumar
Wah!
Please
Please
Please
Please
Zeren is hot
cd as logo
Thank you for a follow
Please
Please
at Madam Hanoi
Please
Please
Thank you for supporting John. We really appreciate it.
I miss them so much
Thank you for everything! It was AMAZING GUYS !!
And of course thank you ARMYs
So begins Monday madness again Another week like last week please
If things go right this yr with my fam then there's a chance that I'll be able to go to Korea next yr huhuh lorde pls bigay mo na saken to
Good luck out there. We pray that our Lord watches over you and your family and keeps you safe
Sure...I will always support truth.
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU
Mau dong nder, aku butuh bgt
To avoid such incident must watch and share
Thank you for supporting Seema. We really appreciate it.
Lord have mercy
May the souls of the dead Rest In Peace
Thanks and all of you clicked
SoundCloud?
Please vote everyone
Thanku
Give me your advice
RT if you like
please it's a humble request to you please give a look at this sketch na please
I made this
Wish me luck
Yok mutualan, jgn lupa follback ia
*Happy* *Birthday* to *me*
e *mio* *compleanno*
has *been* *God* all the *way*
*one
Thank you, I needed this.
thanks for following Have you also checked out
Jai Mata dii..
thanks
Blessings bro!
The way it can be more, in new ways, that enable betterment of ourselves and beyond!
|
37x Uplay Premium accounts with games giveaway
1 Follow
2 Retweet
3 Like
4 dance , lol not just
Hi Fam
I need your help to win this contest
Kindly click on the link, follow the
0070277150
Diamond bank alert go land by God's grace
Thank you saudi for the truth, we people of saudi want who ever did this brought to justic and face trial
Rip jamal
RT if you like
What I always dreamed of Someday. Please at least once.
Great sir,
we are always believe you.
me too pls
Ahhh don't worry, it's alright I wish there was no hate tbh
Just looked through a lot of old Facebook photos. had a handful of good hair days in my life and they were all captured
A season of joy and prosperity to all
It feels so good for my grandpa to be back home
My latest and best trap beat yet
NO MORE INJURIES PLEASE
They still make it thank God
LET'S GO BABY!!! Qualified for the first ever FUT Champions Cup next month Such a stressful set of games, but
Thank you Susan Amazing pic
thank you
|| Just kidding, try harder at potraying Jiho. Thank you for voting!
Thank you brother
And a happy birthday to you aswell. BarakAllahu feek
Thank you God I made It home safe lost my contact while driving
Gusto ko
kase
maging
Normal.
sriman, I wants to meet you in public interest to abolish British Columbia in independent India.
pl give me a appointment please
I think St.Teresa is praying hard to Mary for an asteroid to hit the EU!! Problem solved!!
Gangster Episode
Story - Script - Direction : Sakthi MS vel
Producer : Sameer Bharat
Morning Intercession
Text:Psalm 103:1-4
Prayer:
Father, whatever is the root of the enemy may have planted
A timless classic as I pass out
Thank you
Amen
i needs funds for school pls
Please!!
Elon, I wish you can stay strong at all time.
Girl in the black dress, her names Sis Guanzon I think. From Bacolod. Nice pics sole
May her soul rest in peace
Follow me for more updates ... We posted only Genuine collections no more Favouritism
thank you so much for pointing this out by the way! I'll get to the bottom of it in the next couple of days
Word. 294/365.
Amen
i need funds for school pls
I Talk To God Everyday He Said He Got Me
I appreciate you kind support Thank you
Expectations coming to Dallas for this regional: get my invite and place in the top 16.
REALITY: WIN FIRST FUCKING PLACE
I've lost my catalogue with the free postage code on it. Any chance you can help please
Jai shree Ram
It's 's birthday please please please wish her
Baba God, you too much
I'm looking forward to watch Dwein Baltazar's Oda sa Wala.
Ilanti vp tweets lo
Prabhas ani veyyaku
Many thanks to you only
43 minute till frida get out of her prison cell
Will do
fllowback mas
Hard to believe but yes I hope so
have you voted in the yet PLEASE VOTE for & NK thankyou! X
Nh chahye
Thank you
Mine is
Ready made stoned Ankaras
Please patronize
Bag to differ sir here.
Example - (Empty) and (Inherited Property) both r
FEEL ASHAMED TO BE A HUMAN BEING PETITION SIGNED
please go ahead and organise a march on the streets of
Happy Sunday, dear friends!
Bonne
Oh please count me in....
I'd be delighted to win
Fingers crossed
Humble yourself before the Lord and he shall lift you up
Sunday morning new day new beginnings today will be a great day
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Lovely Sunday, dear friends!
Bonne
My motivation hit me like this when I woke up.
Lord please don't let me breakdown
40 with 2 to play, and inside the top 10k for the first time ever
Would love to hit the magic 50 for the week
Wow!
harshad chopda deserves the best actor award during kalakar awards 2019
he is such a fine actor
Radhe Radhe | Good afternoon friends
ongoing concept changes? for a new project perhaps wishful thinking
I wish
Thank you thank you
Damn tonight was fun , it was very needed
for following! Check out
Prayers for hope, a good prognosis and quick healing for Nathan.
Hope you all have a fantastic Sunday!!!
.
.
" Run to the rescue with love and peace will
Very Very Congratulations Ji
happy to listen this good news.
Excellent! Sounds like I've got a lot to look forward to
We must never forget. Rest in Peace.
Kibum spoiling us.
thanks god!!
Thanks, Sierra. You don't have to do this actually, but still.
thanks for following Have you also checked out
Jai hind
Yeah man... hope they could finish in top 4 this season
this world even turning into????? Lord have merci
Our Christian values got deteriorated, praying for revival
Thank you for all your help and support
May Allah be with you now and forever My Level Is A Big Jam. No long talk chop knuckle king
Please take care of your health I hope that you all can have a good rest after this Don't force yourself
Beautiful Happy day Namaste
I aren't Understanding what I told.. anyways it's up to you! Thank you
Very kind everyone thank you all for your amazing messages
Put God first in everything you do in your life. Blessed Sunday fam
Hello, Tatiana good morning n relaxing Sunday my dear friend
Also here for: ritual and ceremony (vs contracts)
Rip
long time no seeee
p.s. makadaog unta sila ug sa raffle
Please
Please
Please
Please
Praying to Siva this And every Sunday
and you're the sweetest as always~ ily thank you
Thanks for following me. Just spent some time on your website and it looks great! starting to get
Shit ain't that the truth
.. Great day angel
better that way la kot
Please take care of your health I hope that you all can have a good rest after this Don't force yourself
This is gold
I dont think anyone appreciates how out of genre porter went for "100% in the bitch"
Go WA - remember for the kids & cures for childhood diseasesPlease
6 a.m. Eastern Time
Live
&
1
1
Kuzolunga sani. Stay humble and be blessed.
Welcome friend to thought
Read to Learn to Know
New
New
The pain you feel right now will be the greatest testimony someday
Happy belated bday kak.wish u all de best
Napuyat, napagod, at napaos pero kinaya... 1st concert with AUP Medicine Chorale! ?
YOU GUYS PLEASE BRING BACK
ASAP..!!
WE DON'T WANT
Please RT, my headee may be on your TL
I've never seen troll 2 or garbage pail kids until tonight and it was an incredible treat thank you
video out on Friday!!
My Favourite player all time
That is so true!
This was a bomb, hope they will release it
We also thank to who gave us an one more reason to love our PM and be proud of him.
6 a.m. Eastern Time
Live
&
1
1
One day, you'll be more influential than Oprah.
Such a tiring drive to Suva
done
Be good to us
Worship
burger.slut
Drunfest rules the land again!! thank you
She hyping me and I'm not even finna stop her. Lol
Good Richard. We appreciate your support.
Thank you Rachel and everyone at I am so happy to have been shortlisted!
Thanks You too
Salute
ODI at Guwahati thanks to Cricket Australia respect
Via tsel yok
Udh difollback base rp dan intl juga
Denle me gusta y dejen sus comentarios
ayudenme con un retweet Graciaaass!!
A KATHNIEL SOCIAL SERYE
APARTMENT LOVE
eighty seven
Pls RT RT RT RT
bring my loved ones back to life
Ora et labora, always!
Our Lord have mercy on them
ya'll need to bring back Weezy Wednesday
Nahh fr tho but happy Gday broskii
Sambal Garing Che Nor
1- RM11
5- RM50
All I can say is thank you god amen I understand what your saying.
Thanks JA. Causes very close to my heart.
I leave everything to you Lord..
Hindus be aware whom you choose or this will be at your door steps Pranaam Sadhvi ji
Exactly, we belive !!
Imagine how much starvation could be aided with the cost it took for that MD entrance
School on a Saturday night - The Man Behind Mo Wax screening and set thanks
Same to you
God bless you
In crossfit Jesus' name we pray. Amen.
GOODNIGHT FUCKERS!
11th Avatar of Lord Vishnu
Protect me from what i want , bless me with what i need
I really hope I can win!! Thank you so much!!@pandaminahOt7
More power to you Eisham . God bless you
I wish my future husband will stay loyal to me no matter what
History in the making just glad black
Will it be and tomorrow?
Cover kayo nyan pleasee??
Thu Me Brathukulu
Thanks Happy day
Thank you. I only wanna be better than who I was before. Not better than anyone else. I hope we all make it
Such a good lad who deserves to play at a top level. Work hard a take your chances
if God told me what i think i thought Him said, it'll be next year! Lmbooo Amene
Thanks babe
the mammies are literally hilarious! love all of their twitters individually but equally
Blessed Sunday indeed Thank you Lord
I deleted the tweet because of bashing and making fun of people n edits not because I did anything wrong I am not insecure of anyone
Thank you very much naa give me already.
Whenever with this Fandom...
Praying that everyone will always stay happy... "Always."
Bless
Alhamdulillah
Every day we fight crime. Today, we fight our tears as well.
Twitch name? Ill follow my man
Thank you Lord
Make sure you get enough rest before you travel for this I remember when we made it to point B
Oh please count me in....
I'd be delighted to win
Fingers crossed and very best of luck
Konting appreciation lang po
Oh my fucking god.... that looks like it fucking hurts!! Get well Messi!!!
God gave me an opportunity to be with someone I want and now, I've been with her for almost 2 months and I'm so blessed God's great
premiere was really fun! The movie was extremely well made and unexpectedly emotional. Thank you and the filmmakers!
I suggest you to pls watch this.
Sobrang happy ng heart ko thankyou lord!
Thank you. that's all I have to say.#Metoo
But kuldeep should have been in playing XE
Premium please
Thank you everyone for coming out tonight on Saturdays is here ! next week get
Fly High Later Capt All for him
:
Coming for dat ass 151 more and I can talk to Klaudia again
Happy Birthday broski . More life
MERCI beaucoup Patrick
Je
Darat or Udara ini ?
Take care Mom
with luckyFan
Cos
Thanks for listening earlier....I needed that
bangkok bulan april nxt year, lets go together
in the mean time, lets pray diorg tbuka hati buat d malaysia
Back to back appearances get it boys
Eventho iKON didnt nominate today i hope the boys know we already got 7trophies..
how's your month of October? It's a blast! Sana pati November and December please . Well I love October now
Morning prayer 5km jog..Barbershop for that T.I fade..then prep for the week
Davis
so sorry
Please please please come to malaysia or else I'm buy the sg tickets and I'm going to regret ittt
Hear What This True Devotee Of Lord Ayyappa Says.. Swamy Saranam !!!
Goodnight yall.
Inspiration and definition of productivity = heist
Please please please come to malaysia or else I'm buying the sg tickets and I'm going to regret ittt
Got to love them, they are the heart and soul of this country &.
Haha Agree absolutely V lucky love you cuz
Tn q so much
Been having fun decorating my new mansion but sure not as creative as some
Too kind Shawn
Amazing photos as always masternim Thank you for always capturing beauty
Thank you sooo much. !!
Can u plzz leave the topic. It's u who first tagged me and made fun not us anyways plzz leAve it.
Father you motivate all over the world
Wishmeluck if i be the winner, this is my first album wish me luckkk
Tetap semangat, pak!
Cheers to that
Congrats mamzzz
6K Followers
Please
Please
Today 6.45 pm . Thycaud . Ganesham auditorium . Inviting all to my Hindustani classical concert
We love our POTUS !
Please
Please
Always giving
I can watch Indian peacefully.. otherwise
RT Please
Please
thanks for following Have you also checked out
Thank you so much
This card is a Divinely chosen Guidance message for the WEEK of 22nd to 28th October 2018
Blessed be
every blessing on you and yours today and always
Catherine
That was easier than expected
Good morning
Have a blessed Sunday
God bless you, your family & friends
Big Respect to
Masha Allah Thanks for the write up bruh.
Thank you NMotion
It is a great community achieving
Oh dear Lord.... Let me not sin with my thoughts and my eyes but damn this bosom is heaven
Cc:
I think so. Keep supporting and loving
applications
God save innocent women
[RT]
Exchange Ticket
12/9 LYS in Taoyuan
Me: T3 4xx *1
You: B3 0-1600 *1
If you can change with me, please
PLEASE SILICON VALLEY CAN YOU INVENT AN APP FOR THIS, TYSM!
rt my pinned and this
Dear : Debit orders
Please Protect me from yourself
TaguigMarikinaMontalban. Finally, sana umabot sa Church service.
Charan Chaparsh Sirji
rt my pinned and this
Wow! You are making progress. I love ur passion Eva
St. Peter Parish Atm
I agree! help the community of Awaiting bank details
Dnt jus rumour for likes n retweets
Please do with Tik-Tok
thank you nmat doneee
a fresh start for a something new BISMILLAH
I would sure love to pay to see you do this
The greatest act of kindness.
This is a tough question! But watch to know what people said dont forget to subscribe!!
Blessed Sunday
rt my pinned and this
Exactly. God created MALE AND FEMALE.
for following! Check out
em Deus
Gusto ko ulit bumili ng tix for Burn the Stage the movie yung unang unang screening gusto ko, sana may available seat pa
off to Padre Pio
go LY tour no matter what
rt my pinned and this
This part really made me cry hard this morning im still hoping for their happiness
rt my pinned and this
Thanks Sally much appreciated and thanks for appreciating Ngunnawal Stories
Allah will fix everything
Can I have one please?
Thank you so much for your care!
I have to get thoughts this hard time
cc
rt my pinned and this
Be with someone down for you....always no matter what
May she Rest In Peace Amen
Thanks Sis
Even Baidu knows you well haha, but still get well soon
I hope you are okay Champ god bless you!!
rt my pinned and this
Only hero zoo near ntr hits but no Break even I don't know how it became hits
West Indies Plz Score More Than 260 Runs ....
Yeahhh, I miss them so much hope they will come back here next year
rt my pinned and this
Leftovers Dennis Lloyd Alissandre Marchand
no prob. Hope you are ok having a good sunday!
Dani & Lizzy - Dancing In The Sky | Cover via this song always makes me cry
rt my pinned and this
Said Spiders dont come back
Press F to pay respects
rt my pinned and this
If you have less than 1k followers
Retweet fast
Retweet now
Follow everyone who likes & retweets
thanks for coming to Colorado - hope to see you back soon
chk dm Please
He is everyone's favourite
rt my pinned and this
Pardon me you know this life a mess.
///
it's just a matter of time. I have big plans for Our Country.
BaiLona Comeback please
Wishing you a speedy recovery from all of us
Thank God For Tom Fitton on CBN: 3.5 MILLION on Voter where you get
advance bday celeb and nag kahiusa akung fam ug iyang fam thankyou Lord for this day
rt my pinned and this
Thanks
Thank you
rt my pinned and this
A stomp! The west is here to stay! Now we pray for Fnatic
rt my pinned and this
pray 4 us
rt my pinned and this
One yard at a time! You are an American treasure Rodney
for following! Check out
Courts in India are above Hindu Religion.
Me just another student I wouldn't compare the two. But let's not forget, maruti has been
Let hope for big big hundred from
Reason For Loving
ACTING Comes On Top
SHAH RUKH KHAN - GOD OF ACTING
rt my pinned and this
I really needed this!
Father you motivate the world
Omg thank you
So proud we waited too long for this moment! Eat it up boys
Thank you, Lucy Looks interesting, I'll have a read
Believe it or not? I believe this is true, it was happening to me
Hope, Zero releases in a theatre near you
trending on 5 position with 26k tweets
for following! Check out
My pleasure. Always happy to wave the northern flag
Hello Boss just one of your fans
I don't have anything to spend for this exmas
I pray you come into my account
Bhai Kya kismat hai Hume bhi thora de do
Thank you
Kudos! Well said. These congi traitors stil think Indians are unaware of facts
Just on the tube now so close to bed
The creation story dear one, the beginning
Ahh a very-good morning Mo x all here safe days
No but I will thank you
Still dodging debacles like pot holes in Jamaica
First my PlayStation got spoilt and now my phone. But there are bigger problems in life
Accelerated investing with longer horizon in progressive instruments helps
Can we bring him out of retirement please?!
Thank you so much
The KING OF KASI RAP IS BACK PUNCHLINE GOD MY BRO DROPS THIS SINGLE THIS WEEK
So cute more ganaps for them please
And say Pretty please
first show was worth the ten hour drive from Utah to LA
See you soon my XPander. Will have u break in somewhere north on Wednesday
Nice pic
I gained smuch weight being in Texas, God bless
Blessings today - Kemoy B Born 21st October 1990. Birthday boy
Continous Four EPIC Performances By In Span Of 6 Months.
GOD OF ACTING
Hand over your place too son
Is it official? The win?
We must know this!
please play me Major Lazer ft Burna Boy All My Life
My family came to visit me this weekend and it's been a blessing
Thank You Mr Moog....just having a great time meeting so many wonderful people from
if you can DREAM it
you CAN do it
Sir, aapne meri pinned poem kyu nahi padhi
GOD
Thank you
Such sad news, would love to see Bluebird back on coniston were she belongs
Very informative. Compassion is key
No idea. Best wishes
My IDOL : SHAH RUKH KHAN
My Inspiration : BAADSHAH KHAN
My World : KING KHAN
My Happiness : SRK
My Heart :
ruinedchildhood: Reblog for Good
Recent work for - follow them/us, get involved. Directly instructional.
Thank you
Happy Sunday
How it feels waking up without a hangover on a Sunday
Yes, this is most benevolent and wise.
!
Oct 23rd
Thank you
Tonight was for you my dude Rest easy brother
i hope tbz does a twitter relay tonight
since they did a fancafe relay last night
I like the blend of colors is very integrated
Please
Please
Better safe than be sorry Happy Sunday everyone
Sir plz give update about enpt release
Blessed Sunday
God Is The Greatest
Please
Please
Absolutely thank you Ayo!
for following! Check out
Please
Please
Please
Please
Can you confirm Jinyoung acting in new drama?
for following us Onyl. Keep pushin and enjoy your Sunday! If you haven't already, you can grab some
We can always dream
Happiness is the highest level of success
Thanks... I really appreciate this
What should I post?
Please vote
Do comment and suggest if u have other ideas on what I should post!
Sad for our Rule of law is our sanity & MANY on Left really do NOT LOVE or CARE
for following! Check out
You are a lion Sir! Best of luck
Next week be normal please.
Yes, please! You should hahaha
Yes Mayora Jona deserves a spot on every sunday.. A solo perf will do
Calling
rt and like my pinned and this one too
for following us George. Keep pushin and enjoy your Sunday! If you haven't already, you can
Aapki Nind Puri Ho Gayi Ho, To 1 Postponed Dedo Janaab
Amen
rt and like my pinned and this one too
Sorry for your loss
We need more of Chase LaChance tied up and tickled naked on the table! Please more! Please more!
Almighty God i thank you for my life...Please always be at my rescue..
thanks for following Have you also checked out
Your welcome have a wonderful day Stella
Hablamos ahora 6ix9ine anuel_2blea
Shahid bhai May Allah grant you & your wife many more years of happiness Amen
this is too cute not to share ^^
thank you so much
Sana sa susunod, right people, right place, right time and true feelings na.
peace of the beach
Thank you, teacher!
Yes po! One day!
NEW Just LOVE
LOVE
very nice sir...
ME PLEASE ! I already the basic one but please tteach me !
No caption just listen the background is saying something
Thanks Happy Sunday Sarah
plz save atleast 200 drafts
Shoot all of on regular intervals...
And plz plz use correct spelling
I want to take break for some time from twitter
One day i will sure every thing will be OK for me
And all
Thank you
Amen.
More blessings to come.
a wrap , BIG THANK YOU they murder this scene in
Perfect Reply Given
Thank You
Many thanks
Wish me luck
Wow! what a grand pic Thank You
All rules done wish me luck!
ig :
dom Jogjakarta
The fact that you aren't where you want to be should be enough motivation.
Thanks brother
Help me reach 640 Subs
Thanks so much brother ill never be a god, need lot of work
Take this day to praise, thank and reflect. Have an amazing day everyone! God bless us all Vigliano Biellese
Swimming with friends
For overseas' group order, give me a dm.
Monday to Saturday we dey watch you
Sports Chaplaincy: Sports Chaplaincy is a growing sphere of mission. Chaplaincy is now established with York
Thanks for the love from Rwanda sir.. God bless you
Trust in the Lord with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding.
God I know you will do it for me again
I need help, please look at my trouble ticket,
Today is a big day so keep me in ur prayers !
It will END IN PRAISE
afraid
I woke up so happy today,please let me be like this for the rest of the day tlhe God
Thank you so much
rt and like my pinned and this one too
My dear friend.... I appreciate this
Hi Ruthie! I was wondering could you please follow also my ig
I get on my knees and pray
God give me the strength
'Cause I don't know how much more I can take
Before I
Now this is my new postie bike boss please oh please
Im praying for my baby every daaaay
Get well soon, Leo Messi
Wow! Thank you Maya!!
Lord pls perfect all that concerns me
I always hope Bighit start posting links and All posts like twitter on instagram account
We really have pretty
* Sunday session *
12-5pm members // non members welcome // temp membership available on the door at for
rt and like my pinned and this one too
Anyways i got work in the am goodnight
Worth to read, worth to share it!
Fresh Sundays
rt and like my pinned and this one too
Praying those who got hurt a speedy recovery..
My thank you Jesus and my manager lmao my portfolio is turned in
HBD to Sarah! I mind my job...Im not too serious about my career...I just my calling! What a
... Great
kindly retweet my pinned tweet my customers might be on your timeline you in advance
Good afternoon
rt and like my pinned and this one too
Uncle Ben Brako is Adam... He had an Eve too. Hmmm
Good Morning!
l o v e is a verb. A divine directive. Remember that.
Bless you all
But thank you Jesus and my manager lmao my portfolio is turned in
Proud to be part of the music of
R E D C O R A L & M O O K A I T E
Coral brings wisdom, intuition, diplomacy and imagination
Helps
Real pain of swami ayyapa divotee, please spare some time to hear
rt and like my pinned and this one too
Good looking out fam
I would love to have iKON's New Kids: The Final or Return album I honestly got no bias in iKON but
was so excited to see you for the Glasgow show! Sucks to hear cancelled. Please try to come back one day.
Please retweet Thanks
Thank you you're very kind. Have a lovely weekend
pas il 3 ans Bataclan "
Hi bro i saw ur IG congrats to ur sister wedding
4 movies from the Legendary Loveteam KathNiel
thanks for following Have you also checked out
Roja te wek te be
Come on Lewis
Pray to God that, your footsteps should be guided this week, and you'll never get into trouble...
ji for taking us beyond the hyped history of &
to the glorious past of
From a distance, God is watching us.
Thank you, just in I wish I could take you home, nevertheless, thank you for being there, you are an inspiration
Dear Lord, protect me from hoes Amen
Thank you
I've been waiting for this
Proud to be a back bencher
Thank you po No prob! Enjoy watching
Immediately spoilt my mood, but we got to thank God
Want you in
Certainly not. I would love to see that lump of go down and go down hard!
Please
Please
Please
Please Centenary
rt and like my pinned and this one too
Please
Please
Please
Please Centenary
Pray before I take it down.
Thanks Mayor... God bless you for me sir
I been this sleepy and irritated in so long idk how I plan to make it until 6pm lord be with me
Merci
A toi aussi
PS: followback cousine
Missionary Sunday.
Rahmetle..
The Big Fish (In this case Crocodile) will Always eat the small fish.
rt and like my pinned and this one too
Bossman... I really appreciate this
happy birthday, asan na yung shot natin? haha jk more birthdays to come, godbless imy and ily!!
So pretty positive
for following! Check out
rt and like my pinned and this one too
I'll be in Korea on that date (if my visa gets approved) I hope Wanna One members would attend his graduation!
I would love to have iKON's New Kids: The Final or Return album I honestly got no bias in iKON but
roses are red violets are blue all I want to see in my notifications is "ashton irwin followed you"
Happy Birthday Gwyneth! Have a great day! Laban lang sa life God Bless
You can never go wrong with God in your life.
Thanks
His smile I love you so so so much Gerald
Be
Good goes around
rt and like my pinned and this one too
I made my mom watch the video with me... and she just started balling her eyes out she made me cry too. Omllll
When u dont have money and its your birthday
Isnt crazy?
Lord e regalo nlng nga makapasar ko sa Napolcom
Please
no rat, man hand me my cold
Guys mina please invite me to Novsober
rt and like my pinned and this one too
Happy Sunday everyone! I'm hoping it's a peaceful one inside my head today...
Mau the saem huhu wish me luck
please no Dm see my account thanks
please sing with at our wedding beautiful venue
ft - No Debating
Ma fav Gospel Rap right now.
Link to listen
This innocent killings must should end very soon, wakeup UN
Shout out to my gals wearing the hijab in this unbearable heat
Thank you so much!
Well done How about Gym Jordan? curious about how they tip?
Happy happy birthday Otunba
blessings always
P.s I used to think otunba was a
Well done How about Gym Jordan? curious about how they tip?
I'm sorry i can't translate it bc i don't understand japanese.
This is so cheap thinking.... God bless you darling
Get well soon
a special one thank you
Dear GOD, THANK YOU
Just want to say sab chiz me politics mat gashito
Atleast women ko to chhod do
Wow thanks might hold you to that
Half knowledge of some people... Indeed savarkar helped bose...
Glory Hallelujah You are God
I know ma level
Yang the saem
Today was... an unforgettable experience for me.. may this album hit it big also.. Amen
Shout out to my gals clinging on the hijab in this unbearable heat
Abot kaya to 1k views! Sana! follow people randomly pag nangyari yun
hi, can you help me rt and like my pinned and this one too both are different,
Have to go there one day
Pls follow me
for following! Check out
RT Please~ selling my ticket for TW fm Area C1 Row 15 Seat no 12 original price dm me~
lemme know! I work the night shift. Ugh just come back this
Ah I love The Corrs! Some of their new songs are good but can't beat classics like Radio and Breathless
: MLB cy young
1ST YR IN THE LEAGUE
( w/ hr record & World Series)
touch link
LMAO! It was at the very end of the credits. I hope it means something.
By referring to allopathy!
Pray, work hard and trust in God!
Filming with Hollywood award winning Director.
for the
&
may we survive this week. amen
thanks for following Have you also checked out
Please attend
still praying there is no Bolt news
finally mana jud
Sorry. I don't have extra
tmoeti@hotmail.com
good luck fnatic! may the power of the universe be with u!
We are proud of them sir and we are proud of you too for giving them so much respect.
Good morning hope u have a great day.
Great Leader......
My little bro is so talented , I just pray he makes it and becomes successful
Tough week for our top 5 picks
2 players left to save our
We can BOTH go to one near you some day. I promise!
when u thug to de streetz blood never ease no boi affi cam n say please..
Bless up king Reign to da bloodclat world
We are forever grateful for your hard work masternim U
Please ask card of
However you are a
Taeyeon is coming here in our country on Dec. But I'm broke! I really need Snsd's lightstick! Pick me kudasai!
Even when they do, may we never succumb to their shallow mindedness... Amen!!
Cheers pal have a great day too my friend
Somebody please make a game with these concepts!
hi can you help me with rt and like my pinned and this one too both are different,
JK last night // Club Scena
Chairman Kindly Take the notice on
thanks G!
Present Situation...
Em chesi Marchipovali ra babu
lets hope for a normal one with Animal crossokg news
we have seen enough of smash bros.
JK last night // Club Scena
Get well Soon Sir
Hello Mono
SignatureAlbum OUT NOW GUYS AND GOD BLESS YOU ALL
Wooha he is d .May his soul rest in peace .Om Shanti
hi can anyone help me with rt and like my pinned and this one too both are different, thank you
"DAVIDO" I like this woman KEMI OLUNLOYO she's trying to get "FAME "pls help her and...
Bless up bro enjoy your day
It the politicians, those who won the referendum thanks
I hope it helps
Go Purdue!! You are such a blessing to all who know you! What an honor to be able to witness your story.
This unconditional love for our needs to reach him! Bless this fan
Thanks for everything!
Thank's mate for your great work of Informationen from Berlin Cheers
Praying my cars going to be fixed tomorrow
Thank you Rove Hotels for hosting us
Thanks to God for making atkinson and i, are still together
If you want to G.O plz DM
Put it this way the Rottenchildz don't seem to believe in Jesus Christ they seem to favour Luc1fer
pls check this edit
hi can you help me with rt and like my pinned and this one too both are different, thank you
How sweet of you! :) Thank you so much for taking care of He's been unwell these past few days
Lord I see what doing for other kids ,I also want that for myself
Thank you, Northampton
All New 4.8 LEDWALL is in the WAREHOUSE Now...!
Hope this day go by fast
Wow super hq pics big thanks masternim
Iss tweet ne to haters ki bja daali...
99% replies on this tweet are in favour of
Good afternoon
Namastey Thammullu
for following! Check out
Happiest birthday achi! God bless You know the rest!
Please Can someone fulfill this wish
It would really be amazing... Not only for us but also for them all...
Arr so sweet happy heavenly birthday Joan up in heaven having a wonderful time prayers b with you
All these scriptures that some of you shared with me tonight were just so on point appreciate
4 Days for Sir Birthday
hi can you help me with rt and like my pinned and this one too both are
Devastated with the Amritsar Train Incident. May God give strength to the families who have lost their beloved RIP
God Bless could you be this truthful with your self?
Happy birthday Wish you a great day Greetings from Berlin Cheers
Nice and very Attractive women.
When you look for the good in others and in life, good comes back to you. You attract what you are
True ! Salute this brave heart
alright gotcha
&
Thank you so much, Lord
thanks for following Have you also checked out
Still hoping
Please let this week be good.
Thank you PM ji for recognizing this great leader and giving them so much respect
It's a blessing to have a priest staying with us for the youth event
The best things in life are hard to get or else everyone would have them sometimes you gotta sacrifice for better things in the long run
for following! Check out
thanks for following Have you also checked out
thanks for following Have you also checked out
Pranam avam Charan Sparsh Gurudev
More from on
Only 4 MORE DAYS until our
Who would like 20% off at New Look? Well lucky for you, there
True sir and we are proud of modi government for taking several steps for armed forces
Please
Please
Personal use only got mine few days early
thanks for following Have you also checked out
getting all the tweets this week. I reached a new high of 35000 impressions. Thank you
So sorry Claire x
Happy Birthday my Gee....
I will celebrate you next year
Best wishes brov... Keep living celebrating your special day
for following! Check out
Is Now Trending In India With 36.6K Tweets
Check dms
About to give my wife a baby hopefully a son
Thanks for the video, the one on the top is me
Thank you I just think sharing a little positivity and happiness makes a huge difference in life.
I hope to send birthday package to SAB this week I hope everything will go well, this is the last step
Stay safe guys
Said or thought that was not pleasing you. I ask now for forgiveness. Please keep me safe from all harm. AMEN
Thank God you're good enough to share the ill fated incident on twitter. May God's protection never leave us,
Very sad to hear My deepest condolences to the families of deceased the tragic incident
GIRL IT LOOKS AMAZING BUT WHU TAYLOR?! PHOTOSHOP YOURSELF INTO IT INSTEAD
PLEASE
TONIGHT!!!Thanks
Thy will be done
Even though he belongs to Telangana, the way he caring Andhra... More Respect to this person
Freedom is a lonely road
Please support our fy dance cover!!! .
Best thing about cats; cuddles. Worst thing about cats; finding half a mouse in your back garden! RIP Jerry!
Now that all the negatives is out, get back to work
Never feel bad for celebrating your success once in awhile.
Share the joy with the fam!
Notice that some
wait for that first letter miss my brotha
Be safe guys
Kindly follow back. Thanks
*crossing my fingers* Lord, bigay niyo na samen
Jesus Cristo
Your welcome sir
k Good! Keep your eye on the prize
500 Followers .. Congrats Machi..
Follow & Support
Sir you've missed one more stalwart.. Lal Bahadur Shastri ji.. Plz do remember him in your future scheme of things..
aye fancy seeing you here
naserati AOTY
Sevgiyle
for following! Check out
for following! Check out
Honored to collaborate with the GYM-START in China !
The spirit of the YogaCenter is worldwide
Patrick Nolfo
The statue, one that was unveiled by is the fifth tallest statue in the world.
- light shines in the darkness, and the darkness can never extinguish
John 1:5
thanks for following Have you also checked out
Thanks for mentioning me Happy Sunday
thanks for following Have you also checked out
I could watch this video every day. His smile is priceless. God bless him.
i know im not the best, but i will always try to be
Meek Mill x I$$UE$
Takes literally 5 seconds to fill in. Do it
Kindly follow back. Thanks
The father, son and holy spirit.
Lmaoo thanks fam
Like seriously this is one of the most respective quote I have read so far...Mashaa Allah but not all will understand
You are too modest MM: your blog is a must read. Thanks for sharing
Can you help me out by signing this petition?
It is to address the issue of sexual abuse in Ghana.
Dei Twitter lo vache prathi pulihora news ni nammakandi 5mths gap thisukundi remake cheyanika
Good morning - or good night - everyone!
That's gonna be my guiding principle for today.
What is yours?
Yoongi really appreciate it!
Yes it is. So come join us in our fight to save him
Good afternoon Bhai
Em movie ra babu yeppudu chusina same feel..
Most repeated value unna movie in TFI
Annayya
I hope
Happy lang
Presscon with our Bacolod and Manila Media Press. Thank you guys!
Cain At Abel malapit na
so welcome, thanks for coming to say hi! x
Be blessed and all the best good healthy happy Sunday
My burning star
(nctea) 100k aja ayuk dapet mark sama lucas, lagi bu
ahhhhh so we're being jobless i see how it is bring it
Why is this happening when they have a dome tour in a few weeks?
Hope everything calms down till then
for following! Check out
for following! Check out
Oba Ogunwusi's prophetess wife, Olori Shilekunola Naomi turns Ife palace to Church
I so do wish understand
who joined my GA please dont deactivated ur account or changed accounts I read every ur replies dont worry i
Please give up Derryn. Your message is getting through.The live export
Caption this twitter
Petition for us all to become carli bybel plz and thank you
Thick matnong honng nahhh?
May i know where is this
Race Day! Could be a day to remember for sure. Lewis you know what to do
and get a room pls
Best Tribute to Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose.
God bless you and your family. How devastating. Sending prayers
and Julio Gomez need to do a scene.
You are the only person you are the best yesterday thank you
&
St. Padre Pio Parish And Shrine
Up RT please
please
Blessed day to you all
Praying so hard my wallet is returned in the I know I wont sleep
sea
Dhoni chayte cap epinchara
You guys really deserve it! congrats, and big support from Poland
Preach
Thank you for voting for Cynthia darling . God bless you . I love you already .
Let me go back and vote
Pray for Edie Thinking of all the family. Little Edie from Tranmere Wirral xxx
Thank you for your support, We wish you well in this mess called judicial system.
Meet version please
Happy peaceful loving respectful Sunday to all of you!
Avec les femmes
Meet version please
for following! Check out
SILENCE AT STAPLES CENTER WAS A SUCCESS!
.
WE LOVW YOU ALL!
.
Next holidays in 2 months
thanks for following Have you also checked out
Thanks dear friend
Hare Vishwananda Hare Vishwananda .... Thank You Sweet One
Rest in peace Jamal kashoggi.
Thank You
Thanks very much you too
It's Sunday
I'm Breathing
I'm Alive
I'm Blessed
I'm Humble
I'm Thankful
God Is Good
God is Great
Super.. Thanks Bro
Finally done sa RS Thankyou, Lord
we all. Down on my knees praying
One More One More.
Please please please
Had a really great time and special thanks to who were just amazing
Kaise ho Bhai
I will be a nurse
Great night last night met this super crew Josh & Aziz wow we learned a lot Thank you Jobs including DIB,
I have one goal
Oh you have in one !
Just want to take a moment to thank for taking photos of everyone last night love u bro
Oh yes please !!
Gaumatha...My 2 new friends....both these guys have been coming every afternoon in these holidays....I give
InchAllah
So true Bobby
Would love to see and Julio Gomez in a scene together.
Got a bloke from India in my inbox saying he wants to be my friend my reply is no thanks it's a long way to
Devotion for Maa Durga.
Great article doc. Have become your fan. You've so much knowledge of sanatana dharma.
I'm sharing
I need to work with fr
Good Day
All the best
Please
Please
baba retweet
So sad to be reading this update I 2nd being tested for MTHFR. Sending love & prayers
Please
Please
Thank you Claire to you as well
Please
Please
Please
Please
See this Instagram photo by
Yasssss please yg
Idhi choodu
I hope people go to Normani's meet and Greet I'd feel bad if no one showed up...makes me want to collect money
Help make fireworks less frightening for animals Please Sign and Share
Joe mettle's my everything
All of them are so pretty Thankyou ! Looking forward for your another photobook next year
Pray for Cape Town
GM Sunshine
back to sq 1...!
Sooo soon...!!??? never
god gave enough reasons to believe abt
for following! Check out
Thx
Fortunately for me, i'm interested to finding a girlfriend..... hopefully!
I know You are there. You will help my family especially my tito to get better. I know you are there, Lord
XXXTENTATION SKELETON FACE
R.I.P
Yeeey Thank you po!
Thank for enlightening
&
aku gur coro mas
Thank you
I really hope I get to watch KWK on time tonight...
Amen
Thank you so much! You have worked hard!
Live, praying to the Loot Godz to give me gear! Sunday Funday! Gonna be god tiering LFR healer
Beauty has so many forms...and I think the most beautiful thing is confidence
Well said Sir why only picture of Mahatma Gandhi is printed on currency notes.There were other
Twelcome !
He understands us
I adore and respect him so much
Thanks Yoongi
God's blessings is Certainty
If you can take time just to watch this video.
Yes please
please wish him
Blessed Sunday, everyone of Padre Pio Godbless
A truly wonderful morning love it people thank you Magneto was .......
Yes please
Who the fuck is
Meet the champs - Salzburgring
THAT ONE
the only one who can rearrange my heart beat... is you :-)
CH.09 & 10
available now
ohhh, good thanks
thanks for following Have you also checked out
My eonni says thanks! Please keep supporting her music
PORFAVOR INTENTA NO METER A CAMILA EN EL TEMA ELLA SUFRE ATAQUES DE ANSIEDAD.
Sooo like some Gucci rain boots please and thank you
I really pray that people learn again to live in the moment. To enjoy what they are experiencing. And of
7500 glad to be one of them.
Hi mummy, please notice me
The mass has been ended.
bump!! help reach goal
what must I do if I want a free bulawayo chiefs jersey?
Fuck man HAPPY Chune soon come out!!
Thank you
I hope you are fine? Wishing you success
The mass has been ended.
Jai PSPK
The words touche the deepest part of my soul
for following! Check out
story so far
mujhe kabhi problem nhi h shivi ko crop kro ya na kro every fan has right to edit the pic as per her wish
Happy birthday the man himself,many more years in longevity and productivity
Our Lord's will be done
Thx a lot
Oh God this is EVERYTHING!!!!
Wow I really had like 6 beers. but a bit made it home safe
Retweet urgent
In Your will.
sauce me thigh pics bro, anime or irl, just make it female
Happy birthday.. More blessings IJN
Shukran to Lalla for the idea
thank you Queen!
U hate more Subhash Chandra Bose that u love Tharki Nehru Chacha
World full of ungrateful muppets, sure you could fill every table twice over
Hey thanks you
God bless you
forever
You welcome
Yung sa men pa tag ako!!!
Chapel
The jubilant feeling of concern off your data limit
All my prayers and strength are with
You can tell I was having a great time at She Enjoys. Informative and fun. Thank you ladies for a great day.
Shelley next?????
Would absolutely love to win
thank you po
Sir, we also salute these stalwarts along with you
Hearing today from *KRSNA BOOK*
*Chp 2-Prayers by the Demigods* -
by His Divine
Today I was blessed by an angel named Kandai
thanks for following Have you also checked out
Reply to DMs
God First
Good morning beautiful tweeters, have an amazing, wonderful, day, filled with love, peace, and joy
jean paul tu nous vends du
Thanks for share this pic
Hot race here at sha tin little nibble on seasons bloom for me
it's a long road but it's worth it
Stay blessed,
Uwu~~ its really happen here in Lebanon
The opening date is Thursday? Can we watch on sunday?
Please
Please
Please
Please
Damn to hell the evil scum who killed this brave man!
Prayers for his family!!
R.I.P. Antwan.....
Please
Please
Please
Please
Very bold tweet. Thank you brother.
Played only 15 minutes, and scroed 1 goal and 1 assist Get well soon Leo
&
A true tragedy that will never be forgotten
How cute Can I reupload your art at my page? I'll also mention your name and twitter account
Alive
And Thankful
\ /
Thnxx my lovely indu
a good thread by
So I'm not doing that bad after all!
Wow what a man! God bless you
We wish everyone a peaceful Sunday - from the Allumi Buddha Garden - our view at Allumi HQ x namaste
I will be travelling to Hyderabad next month, can I have pleasure to meet you
Comme on a dit - ATK
Why don't you keep your free advice to women facing abuse & sexual harassment, to yourself
Thank you
Hopefully there is sunday for this
you know what happened to crush selena gomez? write something nice!
Means a lot coming from you
Thank you very much Eric, God bless.
Oreo hot chocolate heaven
Wish me luck...
Aq mau yg soothing gel the saem..
At the end of the season if we stay like this we are second so second. We need the goals!
Good Morning lads,let's get this bread
What a time to be alive.
can you please check your DM on instagram thank you, xoxo
Thanks a lot guys
Family first happy Sunday
Thank you a beautiful thing about social media, learning (at least some) of the stories of
Wish me luck..
Semoga dapat yg The Saem
I need OFFICIAL EXO LIGHTSTICK Ver. 2 yung onhand please for MBCShowChampMNL2018 , willing to buy
Very happy birthday to the legend who made the world record for singing 28 songs in one single
love your voice
I read this tweet all wrong at first but anyhow, safe travels
plz update Nellore, West Godavari dist. Collections
Also update top10 West Godavari collection Share: (10Days)
Thanks guys
'Life' got 10K streams on Spotify Thank u
I already downloaded it.
Will check how it'll work for me. Good luck. Lol.
Sure
Jah love is true
Appreciate it
A travel consultant. I am your one stop shop for everything travel.
the Purple Shirt Squad are 20 next year PLEASE VOTE for them & NK in the thankyou! X
That man looks too legit to quit. He will be here for a very long time. In good health.
Im just glad its over cant believe i only had one day to review bshsdjbddb hoping for the best
Sure
Thanks pal
Let shine.
You are welcome
likewise! looking forward to it
Please
Please
Please
Please Lily's Bee in
Yes please
damn youre right what an intellectual
I dont know what tomorrow holds, i just put my trust to my Lord.
That makes me so happy
So I just laughed the whole day HAHAHAHA thank you Lord! it's been awhile! productive ni para sa akong
Please
Please
Please
Please Lily's Bee in
Thought and prayers with you and your family
a pleasure to meet you Dianna! Namaste
God Has A Purpose For Your Pain , A Reason For Your Struggles And A Reward For Your Faithfulness
Good morning Dr Enzo have a nice journey of life . God bless you thank you
Thank you
Channel Youtube $ Subscribe 7.1K 100% :
I miss this place.
Tell me more
hum aapkeliye kahe .
Layak -
Formazione al via!
Start International Muay Thai Boran Certification!
G.Master Yai Narciso Bramini SkySports
Happy wedding anniversary. May God bless your union
CDs
hi if any one selling tickets I need a ticket for 2nd in London please let me no
Guysss please retweet
such a good cause
Whilst others resort to prayer for stress relief
in a happy stay of mind
Buongiorno e buona domenica
Good morning from Glasgow
Sorry Sir ji!
May be - I didn't get what you meant! Plz dont take it
&
I really want to win tickets 27 Oct be there !!
May Allah see us through
Thank you for your service Mike.
Baby birthday long life to U you already know
Thankyou So Much Thiwe
This Means so so much
Thanks to yooou Guys for this wonderful day! HAHA.
Good afternoon
So I just laughed the whole day HAHAHAHA thank you Lord! it's been awhile! productive ni para sa akong
Hi is there any izone bot sq need Wonyoung?can I join? Thank you
for following! Check out
Hey is there any izone bot sq need Wonyoung?can I join? Thank you
Thanks
Happy birthday sahwira! Have a great day and many blessed returns
I Always enjoy your Confident, Full of Facts and natural talk!
Amen to that
can someone tell me what show is this? Please?
Feel Like I Sent The Prayers Up And Got Blessed Back
Hehe ini shopee nyaaa kalo mau checkout lgs
Rajagopuram alongwith the hill at the back will be a great view
Wen Time is the time no one can change it
Read today:
Who I am determines what I see
Also
Hold the cross high so I may see it through the flames
Blessed
can I please be added in list? i'm 21
Do good publicity for
Pls guys I need the name of the person who sang aiye for repete
you guys should do a vag and balls deep anal scene together.
, Bravo et Merci !
This time, akin to! Thanks G
Proud of you guys
kalp close dm, open fb pls
thank you for following us
Massage
Manis & pedis
Church service
We sure do
Sir I don't get it please clarify
Thank you for this.
*Valar Morghulus*
All men must serve
*Valar Dohaeris*
All men must die!
Amen
Happy birthday, God bless you
Sad
Broken heart
God bless them in
Red Dead Redemption 2 releases on Friday, four days before my birthday and that's all I really want for it The
U need a souvenir bags or purse for your upcoming event plz contact us for any design 08020719727
Keep tellin me things are out of my reach. that just makes me try 10x as hard
love your book Gary and please would u read my dm
Cricket v farzi tha iske liye jbhi toh fixing kiya isne Bcci ko selute
My friends are truly the best. Pics, support, concern. Good times. Thank you all of you. still
(s= Steve lamar)
touch link below
Endor$e
I HOPE TOO YESSS THANKS FOR DOING THIS <33
Tag please
Your art is growing rapidly. Congratulations, it's beautiful
(s= Steve lamar)
touch link below
Endor$e
how the fuck you kno what they was sayin bout me, you must have been rappin to em rip
Danao church
*god bless our home
right he is the king and i hope this year UCL well be ours
Patiently waiting on his comeback
Best friend like this please
Thanks
am flying in to see Wednesday in Wimbledon, could there be a special appearance? one can only hope
i hope i can go to their another UNVEIL comeback showcase in the future.
Fckng please..
Today marks the 75th anniversary of the proclamation of Hind
From my moth to ears. Gratitudes
Thank you for 100 Favourites
Bros abeg bless me with any amount .. I go jion money Buy
Thank God, lucky I don't understand hind
Hi Gaurav bhaiya you are my inspiration Mujhe aapka ashirwad Chaiye taki me
On this Sunday Pray is telling the truth
From my mouth to ears. Gratitudes
awww one day all kiss and make up we had such craic !!
$smart
$cpc
's tour ph please
So proud of these two!
Di Like & Dijamin Amanah
.
Hardcase Custom Fullprint (Bebas Desain)
.
Harga Ecer Rp. 50.000
3PCS CUMA Rp.
tyL for a successful event!! Iba ka po talaga
I think things are different (for me) now and I am 100% okay with that
Good Morning Tweeps !!
It's Sunday....lets us pray
..and thanks for the many birthday wishes yesterday
Thank you I have just booked a table for tomorrow lunchtime xx
you may like to read this.
important you take medical help from mental doctor!
Thanks
big thanks for sertijab emar_2001 jaya terus ,,and thanks to allankharisma who bring us to join in ceremony
help a sister out?
Will this kid be even alive after your tweet... god save her
please help me sell this, please help RT
How motorbike ridding tomboy became a Sadhvi Pragya Thakur
I just love one part is Mastermind I don't know about Mastermind
Wow beautiful wonderful
I'm dying for new music release his music
Only 8 episodes are left this thought is killing us (Fans) Pls
Love listening to the police ..... a do do do a dar dar dar ....@LincsFM ......best band in the world after UB40 of course ....
believe
10 Totally Political pix. Totally Political pic 1: 4
namaste Sudeep sir share chat anno app Alli the villain movie du yella Super scenes atava yella
change pas!
Part.2
&
Avail include/exclude room, lokasi Jakarta Selatan, info rr move DM
WAJIB ATUR JADWAL DAN TIDAK BISA DADAKAN
We wish everyone a peaceful Sunday - from the Allumi Buddha Garden - our view at Allumi HQ x namaste
important you take medical help from mental doctor!
Bauaa Aayega Aur Cha jayega
Maris Racal
Thank you all for your Prayers, Condolence Messages and Calls, and specially those who joined Funeral.
Lord please protect our children
This view get old
i love your tweets.
Could someone please translate this?
Lord heal our nanay
I only knew some.
I hope it helps
My Daily Prayer.
This gentleman is a righteous man. making a dream that Israelis do the same to the Palestinians. am I a dreamer
Pergi ke Tanah Suci untuk berdoa'
With my
You do you, king!
Oh that be so good please. Please
Salamaleykum and Good Morning to u too
Okay thank you
I am going to order it and have passed on the info too, thank you
thanks bruv
Maybe one day ....
My First Choreographic piece this year and im proud! These made my vision come to life to see the whole
Thanks Mam
Don't let this be true ever again... please !
N e v e r, e v e r a g a i n . . .
cr kim_seiyeon_
a very sorry bot ...sad! include you in my prayers today
Update DesiBoy Xoxo
You need to release the date SOOONESST.
Thank you
thanks
Thank you for having us
Pls follow and patronize
Thank you, ameen
And your too.
I may have to do a boli giveaway...lol
Very welcome my dear friend
Can you fuck me too? Pleeeease Mistress
In Short :
is
Let your will be done, Lord.
you did will proud of you
Thank you lord
namaste Prem sir share chat anno app Alli the villain movie du yella Super scenes atava yella
Please don't speak on behalf of all of us
yess! moga lancar sampai akhir
I hope you can make this happened one week screening please we're truly appreciate you
mas pina-aga
Drop your email Sir I could update you with TAX laws, starting with basic definition of Gross income
Ameen thuma ameen, and yours too
Hence we call them 'GuruMaa'
Please
Please
Please
Please
&
Thanks champ
Binlerce kez
Paris startup is creating digital reconstructions of cultural heritage sites destroyed by War in
Thank you for your hard work during this tour Rest well and so happy you guys can finally go home too
The Only Godfather of the world, AB Sir
for following us Muerte. Keep pushin and enjoy your Sunday! If you haven't already, you can grab
We believe that extends throughout the whole body, from mind to muscles to Our six Face Oils
Ameen, thank you, and your too
Happy Rj is
Also, Maine's all access pass.
Come on points
Oohhh nice work guys!!! That's the new boxes sorted
Last 2 winners at Doomben dug me out of deep hole
cool
Balanadin ehe God is good all the time
sir it's a basic need.please look in matter
Allah lindungi kau wehh alhamdulillah, wish that you will find someone soon aka Mrs. Jodoh
Finally some one is remembering the real Netaji
A Minor Setback For Major Comeback
bless you will love it!! so well written and all the characters will melt your heart. It
ashton irwin you're the most wonderful person I know, I admire you a lot follow me sweetheart? please realize my dream! te
Yes they did such a good job!!!
Ur thigh is blessed
It's my birthday!!! Thank God for the gift of life.
np! it's good practice and i really think the album messages are cute thank you for the gratitude!
Guys please retweet this and help
thanks for following Have you also checked out
Join our Online Monday Meditation Class
a soothing 30 Min Space for deep and deep
Preciate that bruh
Namaste Dhananand how's going your shoot life?
guess hitting 600k today!!!!!! only 98 left
& more of this for the road
Om Shanti
And also a BIG AMEN TO THAT
Help me,please
We bless your name, oh mighty God, we bow before your throne
We glorify your Holy Name!
Thank mate
Manikandhan matrame nyayam chesadu
Cc
Teaser hits 18+ Million Views & nearing 1.3M Likes
welcome back sir
thanks for following Have you also checked out
Welcome
This passage ILY je reviendrai sur et certaine Taehyung je t'aime BTS ILY
When the time is right, I the Lord will make it happen
Preach
Can't it be just 24 hours? This would be in the interest of the UK ..
Siyabonga Njomane wow wangikhuthaza uCindy angiyanga enkonzweni kodwa at least I've gained something stay blessed
Teaser hits 18+ Million Views & nearing 1.3M Likes
[WTS] HELP RETWEET
PC reality 135.000/ each
PC wgu jisung 110.000/each
PC d.o private 110.000/each
Abrams wins by 8+ % points
Ameen, and yours too. Thanks you
please make Jesus thing videos.
Thank you fam
thanks for following Have you also checked out
nice kaayo ang topic ganina. "Enter THE narrow gate"
Thank you Jesus
Happy Birthday Master
Yes you said it all Thanks for this
When Rajdeep was trying to molest Mauli, She told everything to Nandini
RT Paris startup is creating digital reconstructions of cultural heritage sites
The caption! So many blessings are coming in your way Viv soon
Darating si maine, manalangin tayo
Blessed
oooohhhmm
Massive day today, 2 away
Para Lang Sa'yo by McCoy De Leon and Elisse Joson
May I be cheeky....and book a table for this over Twitter?
2 covers please
call until tomorrow
With all the support
Thanks . My G
Kom tjiiim!!
You got this
Thanks for always support the young King God forever bless you
Happy weekend
&
Thanks dear
Amen to that
darsting kb.. Ikaq nlng kulang..
Thank
bitte mach es
Hey If You Couldn't Capable Customer Problems Solved Please Close Our Service's.
Coming together like a puzzle. Pieces.
AMINNN
you not lying Bro why i keep my small
I Truly Belive will Create Benchmark For Indian Cinema Worldwide
Hilarious. Fantastic weekend and made more so thanks to your incredible playing. Thank you
Hello Dhananand Inn dino mai do serial dekh rahi hun and only for you
Thank you so much
On this beautiful day, may 'my precious human being' wishes come true
for those who are broke.
thank youuu~
Think outside the box, but acknowledge inside
.
mercari_uk .
ugg .
Beautiful n adorable..may Goddess Durga bless you and your family
Thank you Lord it's time for prayer
Poll Ending Time is Nearing
Vote For
you guys gotta get and Julio Gomez in a vag and anal scene together
& all thinks we got freedom because of the true hero.
My new fav tweet:
Swami sharanam
Naveen (emanin) October 21, 2018
Good morning Mrs, hope you are well sweetheart Xxx
Subhash Chandra Bose Our First PM of Of
PM
Thanks for always supporting my young king God bless you baddest
upbringing I guess
Nayun dear go ask them the password please
Everyday
can I join too
Sorry!
Thank you now I can continue my day
HE IS BACK
Ma'am.... u r simply the best when it comes to hating Muslims to their extinction...
Amen
swertehan yung cup phew
TURKISH ARMYS
for following! Check out
One season all I ask for with & I u
stop complaining about the small things, and shit you have no control over. there are bigger problems in the WORLD. let's fix.
Good, keep being a support, I couldn't stand you in mid, then again my ranked games
glad positive but I still feel bad
Good morning people, may we all make heaven.
Aaah okay then, thank you very much!
for a speedy recovery
I am a child of God Blessed from church
Thank you, wish you the same
I am a child of God Blessed from church
I Would Rather Die Broke As Legend Than Abandon My Soul For Wealth .
Been thr, done that! Its non-veggis paradise.
Can't wait to see you again ! Dreams come true sometimes and you did it! Thanks for theses magical moments
Please reply to my dearest friend He is he biggest fan ... Please Madhav
Good afternoon
Wow Semma Super Annaaa Thanks A lot Bro
I Would Rather Die Broke A Legend Than Abandon My Soul For Wealth .
Celebrated Sunday mass again after n weeks. TYG
Finally, humana! Thank youuu Lord!
twitter suspending accounts left right and centre. c'mon twitter, bring back
WAR LIKE PRINCE,
Bless my soul
I hope you will
I Would Rather Die Broke A Legend Than Abandon My Soul For Wealth . . . .
This has not happened with me, thankfully!!
The only Tamil movie in All time 100 movies list.
Maraming salamat Sampaloc Site 2 Brgy. BF,
For bookings and inquiries, you can
If anyone finds English translation for the bangtan episode pls hmu
How about going to church
I Would Rather Die Broke A Legend Than Abandon My Soul For Wealth . . . . . .
GOD WITH US!
for following! Check out
Hello Dhananand Inn dino mai do serial dekh rahi hun and only for you
&
The giving closet, Amen
Sunday Mass at Calamba Church!
Thanks for All the Blessings, Papa Jesus!
We Love You!
Andante ver. Wish me luck
Kim jongdae
If a cat hates what does that tell
in November!!!
Not all cleaners work for our shoes! So using any product we did not recommend is at own risk!
thanks man! I try my best
Fnallyyy,,,
Day Made..! Glad to see you back Army. Hope you are fit n
one of my fave taegi artist You draw them so beautiful, thank you
We really appreciate your kind words about the people who helped you - thank you! We hope feeling much better
Repost from by
Beautiful
I know there r PPL amongst minorities, especially Latinos, who r afraid 2 vote this yr.
I'm they will be
Lord, please no more pain
Baby Boy
AND ONLY 21 OUT NOW.
Sunday Night ( Me)
Happy
You are in our prayers
There is a lot to learn from Carolina Goswami ji
What the Baby doesn't want you to hear: , I thought it would be easier. We will make America strong again.
Most of fans only tweet about But true fans thinking about thalapathi dharisanam
God Bless Bears Grandmas
Vas y je vais checke cimer Agathe
Can November hurry up please I have some exciting things coming my way
Namaste Dhananand how's going your shoot life ? Please reply me ...
Idris john, ecobank- 0983035971..God bless u sir
Ive just started doing three days a week.. InshaAllah will gain some miles then apply for one
Pray
Work
& Enjoy Life
Semestral break is near and I'm gonna start writing an au but I don't know what to do start with. Please halp me
But you kept with it and I was so proud not to mention honored to teach you
Pranam infact to all the unsung heros of AHF They truly deserve what the govt has done today.
God will make it happen.
The ecstatic feeling of sorrow with a wifi
True Spiritual Knowledge by
Thank you Saudi for transparency .
Thankful for Cudi
OMG!!! Full story please , this is bad
Please, don't make me feel bad about you
Pray for Amritsar its a horrible accident
When your bladder is about to burst and you're travelling on a bumpy road God save my soul. Amen.
Thumbnail for
"GOLD ICR"
Aviis plz
&if you like this and for help me
Follow me back
Happy Sunday
Divine mercy, grace, and favour will locate our lives this week IJN.
also cuz i'm a maso pls let it be drawn out a while yet
i live for the screaming in frustration LOL
My agric business..#alertwole Idris john, ecobank- 0983035971..God bless u sir
Let the people over there stay in peace they don't deserve so much trouble
AMEN
Bismillah
more concerts to attend in the future please.
man , I knew from the moment I heard not racist that this guy would be something special keep the bangers coming
I Hope So..
"Juan Gomez de for three" ughhh
I've found my church in Lagos.
Everyones happy...everything is good
sending u my strength
So happy, so blessed to have lived in a lifetime same as Brendon Urie.
Amen. saved.
High Hopes
ig : oppathuchy
Thanks dear friend Good afternoon
Just reading your post I am so thankful that I am an American my thoughts and prayers are with those
Idris john, ecobank- 0983035971..God bless u sir
Email send
The perfect duo
Hakim, Rasheed, Malik, Jaheim and Nazeeh are my whole world I love my f*cking brothers man
Thank you
to my lovey dovey partner in crime
first, for forgetting your birthday.. serious
followback mang, akun twitter resmi Viking Sulsel
Goal hopefully I can do with my kids one day
btul
...this is what I really deserve?...thank you!
thanks for following Have you also checked out
Thank you po master Kahit Hindi ko na gamit
Then what next
What good will do this one day hartal despite messing with our carriers and ruining it
Amen
Terrible news for both guys, thoughts with them for speedy & full recoveries
kindly look into the matter ASAP
Here's my details sir.. 0060952294.. Sterling Bank.. Emmanuel chika madubuezi.. Thanks allot sir
Lol
Amen
I am so sorry for you and your family. Sending you many blessings and prayers.
Following Everyone Who likes and RT this
izin save and repost min
Amin!
All the best buat kokoh dan kevin
LMAO RIP KEITH
(or maybe more accurately, RIP Shiro )
I love this tho omg bless you for bringing this to life
Good morning everyone
I will be live streaming this afternoon at 4PM GMT
What are you up To Today, Let Me
WELL rip sleep schedule thank you guys for hanging out and playing tonight! I had a lot of fun and so glad
please say some words in Telugu
surrender my all to
whenever I start ikaw at ikaw ang takbuhan and it is great to start my
The best sport is
True words of wisdom
i know this term my studies is not going to be good but hopefully my GPA maintain
Gosh !!
Next time onwards make a Sandimaan rule book that has to be
God bless and replenish your purse
Yesterday was so much fun tbh All the way til 2am + that girl talk which lasted til 4am... I'm dying I love
Thank You for the RT Much appreciated!
Happy Birthday Bro God Bless your new Age
Wish me luck
Aku mau yg the saem
Follow everyone who likes & retweet this
pls update me
Aymeric Laporte appreciation tweet
I honestly can not wait! With plenty plenty pounds & dollars (In Shaa Allah)
Good morning blessed to see another day
Ah, take care of yourself. I hope your health recovers quickly!
A mood, a mindset, a mentality, a
ALLAH RAHMET ALAN ALLAH VEREN ALLAH ALLAH KORUSUN
udh min
Davao Chinese Baptist Church
Yall going to church. Help me ask the big man to bring Liverpool dope attack back. T for thanks
Spend on your junior brothers too
At least God plugged me once again.
Beauty has so many forms...and I think the most beautiful thing is confidence
Crazy violent thoughts! Hit at your own brain that contemplates only attack! Huh! Sorry
We are waiting for man.!
Where are those?
Please post .!
Tongue twister intelligent analysis - so on the - so funny! Thank you Mr Denmore.
KAMPANYASI YAPIN ARTIK SAYGILAR
Pray to God to give you the one he created for you
On route to Pisa
Zackray is victorious, I can now sleep
sharp eyes you've got there buddy!
Join me on NaMo App in the journey to transform India.
Click
Thanks for replying and keep up the great work
Courage
for following! Check out
Jai Lokesh !!
looking for F2NE1 mutuals
pls be blessed
so grateful we have & on YouTube in this day and age. Both of them are just so
By ALL MEANS YES
3. No this ukhti doesnt do relationship like date no no astaghfirullah
Don't tag me
Pls delete this tweets....
The King of Benin. HRH Oba Ewaure II. long live the King.
This reminds me of my late grandpa... May he rest in peace
Someday I could also go there!
Very true... We are so grateful to you for highlighting this important part of Indian history to wider audience
I need a man that understand and respect my life. Not the romantic one
I promise this is the last but, just this
And it was good
Daddy sleeping Tonight someone bring your mans an iced coffee in the morning
Honor your father and your mother, so that you may live long in the land the LORD your God is giving you.
Exodus 20:12
Thank you be sure to tune in this week. Excited to see the process
Sir, how difficult it was to potray krishna's role as compared to any other roles that you have played
should take up the role of gambit cause it fits you perfectly, do it for the fans please go with it, I love tatum but....
Good afternoon
Thanks for sharing it with us . I can only imagine how difficult it must have been .
Salute to the Legend
Penutupan
Thank you for showing us love fam
Simple Morning gratitude
- Sunrise run
- Good sleep
- Kind friends
- walking Jake
- having ideas
GREAT MORNING ITS BIRTHDAY HAVE A LOVELY DAY SISTER tag a
.
.
.
Alhamdulillah
3rd Place SOCIO CUP V 2018
Thank you very much to the committee of SOCIO CUP-V
Ahhh what a nice dream. I wish to have one too tonight
She's amazing as always.
gonna be a great week! I can finally recharge for R5 & be stress free
29th Sunday in Ordinary Time : "Lord, let your mercy be on us, as we place our trust in you." | True salvation
Thank you so much ..She is happy and blessed...lots of love and blessings to you :-))
Sabar, sabar jugak.
Must not lose sight of reality
Thank you for making me realize that the purpose of my
Send that shit to me
Congrats on the shoutout
PM hoisted national flag & unveiled plaque to celebrate the 75th anniversary of the
Oh my.... I hope she's okay
God is your backbone dear
Hi Gina
hope these votes help you
A small thank you for your kindness and
Survived!!!!!
for following! Check out
Why we love
. . .
Alhamdulillah
3rd Place SOCIO CUP V 2018
Thank you very much to the committee of SOCIO CUP-V 2018.
Hello good morning beautiful day
Thank you
Good to see those foreign students with a for the Eternal City, helping out cleaning up!
Want to go Diving in Southern Thailand?
Speak to these good people
Thank you
if God has been good to ya
Can relate to this. GOD is indeed always with Us.
Ha too true man love how we both have the same experience with our cellular devices am I right ?
Lady Gaga - Is That Alright? (Lyrics) via WOW
Hats off u
Please treat me well I look forward to aging with you
If anyone can help this little angel please contact the relevant authorities please
Soul Nourishing
First Everton game with the Girlfriend today, hopefully a good luck charm
I feel your pain Chris, good luck!! for CG!
My sister, my friend and I are singing Hellevator along her power
18-200 and 10-35 please
Top Of Thee Morning World N COFFEETIME To Me (Woke Up Bless
Awwwww sorry but JB tk sree quit krna bnd ni krta I'll be against him completely
One day one of these will land.
got to spin to win
Ageing is inevitable, ageing well is a privilege.
My gorgeous
it's crazy to think how he's done more to illuminate the human condition of the soul
Amen
Please don't kill the lion and the tiger
Alright
Thank you
May God give him strength.
sure champ. Happy u feel motivated. I get the chance to run when im not on the road but will do bro.
jazakallah kheir bib
The translation is very helpful
Overcame Tax midterms today and had a lot of sleep after.
Om Sai Ram
Church time
Dear Holy Father,
you already know this, because you live a life.
The
Thanks iBoy
Please make sure to like, comment and recomend the article You can log in easily with your facebook or line acc
Finally bk home.. After a fun filled hectic Dussehra..
reminds me of one of the most terrifying moments in my life (so far) hope it turns out to be nothing for you!
Happy to be back again
T I jst c dis ad guys. I hv bn invlvd in an rcntly hweva wn I rd d "who must claim" of raf sez ppl
CUTES
So it all boils down to the please keep the championship alive for one more race
Amen
Iiyak ako if she sings this on Friday.
Welcome
Never stop being so freaking cute plz
Hahhahha yes that's his effect so glad u decided to stan you won't regret it, he's a happy pill haha
Run me my money gorgeous
Oo that would be so helpful esp fall trees I wish fall here is as pretty as it is there. & dw youll see
Thank you very much brother
Wish me luck
I keep my circle small . I fw no snakes , I fw the realist niggas
Unta makahimo mi ug fruitful na research papers within the remaining number of days
Apologies
Thankful
Thank you
Changes are in the air... Hopefully for the better, and not for the worse
One more 12 hour day baby
7/7
Congratulations Glad Climb Up your Postion
D'accord Big
Amen, thanks
I am so sorry for your loss.
Excellent
Salute to our very own Bhagat
TWENTY. EIGHT. SONGS.
I thank many followers.
Sir, how difficult it was to potray krishna's role as compared to any other roles
Thank you
8 years journey don end. Certified computer scientist and a social worker. God be praised
.@EdBerliner please help to share .Thank you
Yes !!!! Thanks
Please Don't Gossip about Your Ex 5 Reasons Why ...
If there's any bap dating news one day, im hoping for replies like the one we hve here
Thanks bonda_aleesha and friends for the order of ! appreciate it that much Menara Berkembar
Thank you
Just when you think humanity is lost, you hear about a story like this.
Sana makapass
in EU
Do not crop my logo / id
Rules for breakers.. Thankyou
NMAT done! Thank you, Lord
Thank you. Morning Efrain got beautiful autumn weather again today in
Hello gaurav bhai.....what is your daily timetable....and how can you manage youtube and your
My Dear brothers and sisters im knew to this tik tok. to others
EEEEEEVIL scummm, FFS c'mon ppl, giv her a lovin, PERMANANT home
Nooooo pleaseee
I am happy seeing you on shows like 9Months. No BB please! It gives us so much stress
Awwww please
I hope so
Everything we need, Every day.
Be blessed today
Think Positive.
And let's not say anything like this in her
Thank you Lord for always accepting me
I wait on the show | Watching | | ft | LIVE
Thanks so much for the simplicity of your
Top 10 Fastest Ways to Make Money Online page!
Work in progress
x queste chicche che ci regali
tryna do is patterned this - Banter On Me please play man
I'm parked at home my ninja. Just listening to music in the car.
Vammoooo
Nearly 60K votes
Veella Fan War tho compare cheste,
Manam chala better
Thank you May God blessed you too bro. Ameen
A beautiful heartwarming story where everything fits in perfectly. They were all meant to be with each other.
...
Such an inspirational man
Big man
Thanks so much, and it goes beyond these birthday wishes
Amen! Really appreciate
| Shetani by Watching | | ft | LIVE please
Unseen click of
Simplicity Level
Love You Thalaivaaa
Sing for me... The sweet melodies ...
.
.
Lao Tzu any day
Big thanks
Me to my chat room after tonight:
Lazy Indie Morning
Chill indie vibes to start and enjoy your weekend (or any other day) more relaxed than
Condolences, prayers up, love to
any chance that bringing back International Jodi back together again plz
It's a great Sunday afterall. Truly blessed Praise God Almighty
good morning army rise and grind get this bReAd
Happy fiesta
Listen to Mindset by royalty_k_ by royalty_k_ on
Please go and listen to good music
I truly found peace and joy by thru prayers I visited the sisters of the disciples and master here
thank you g! Nakabili na kami ng ticket ng burn the stage: the movie
Why Do you type and Delete What is hiding from me
Good Mornin' Fam! Everyone Have A Wonderful & Blessed Day! Amen!
I hope you will be okay. Always pray.
said
Over to Shanghai for them to bring home the telegram treble.
None other than.!!
NETAJI SUBHASH CHANDRA BOSE IS ONLY MY NETAJI.
thanks for following Have you also checked out
Congratulations My Fav DJs In Psytrance
My next Step it will be My Best Step! I put trust in God will get there
Can you price up cards in The Milan Derby this evening and add a market please?
no meet and greet for the Cebu show? My mom is still hoping.
Gomapta uri hoobae!
Great to see you come out with hindi version.
Tukka tha boss...lag gaya 265 is my tukka for the final score.
My faith in decent people has been restored. An unsung hero.
Get well soon brother
Deaths annov 3 yrs na My, we miss u
Please follow me there. I give a follow back
Please
The latest husband in Gidi may GOD Almighty bless your marriage
My view in SG for next concert
been beating the odds ever since lol
Russian and chips in my future. Hunger in my past
thanks for following Have you also checked out
RT
May she R. I. P.
Amen
You can do it !!!
BITEC Bangkok International Trade &
Early in the morning will I seek Him. Join me in prayer right now. I believe God.
Bhagwa cap Jai Hind
Jai Shree Ram
exam is finally over
Bitte komm
90 to 118 nd 128 cr RS
MG ayithey
Love, thoughts, prayers, & thank you Officer Antwan
21-10-1966
Happy Birthday You look gorgeous I think its true
All being well my son should summit tomorrow
Great game yesterday liked your movement and the impact you are having on the runners. You are a Teacher
Gomapta uri hoobae
Philippines AMRY BOMB please
Sending prayers to his family! truly saddened by this and by all of the hate in this world
Thank you so much Have a great Sunday to you too my kind dear friend Shabila enjoy
Shocked You Deserve More but Still Love You Congratulations
Sbah el khir tout le monde
Sbah el khir Wydad al Oumma
Hintayin mo
Sincere appreciation as a fan of .....thanks
much appreciation bro
Why civilians go to encounter sites like ?
Sunday morning seaside happiness
Seaside in Chinese characters: (haibian)
Sky, heaven: (tian)
I am so sorry for Caitriona Balfe. Bless her, she copes with it very well! Being such an excellent actress
Thank jah for another day
Sorry
ONE MORE GAME
Congratulations sir
Best Wishes by Fans
Can anyone tell me background instruments used in this song? Please...
Thanks
the vcr sounds fun I hope someone films it
Plz bro plz see it
It's Sunday....
thap tulnas kota heykh
Lord, please bless me with a guy who knows what he is doing
Proud sacristan
So far wala pang award ang but still hoping
Deaths anniv. 3 yrs na My, we miss u
bone thugs n harmony
HD Snaps!!
Cute Smile
That fight was incredible last night. is a fucking warrior!
can we PLEASE get a Bwipo reactions emote pack? I would drop RP on that so hard. Please?
Weekend Food
Glad And Happy See Him Climb Up 19 Places Congratulations
thanks for following Have you also checked out
anyway im still hoping that youll change yourself and the way u treat everyone who loves you
PLEASE, make it possible The Night Trilogy with Julie Stelle as the principal subject
Thank you for the retweet.
Amen
I know I'm just a nobody, but please do my makeup
WATCH. President TRUMP WATCH THIS VEDIO if you could me
Praying for Liquidty
Dear Vj Fans Plz Didn't Doing Cheap Works
A father that won't let the Democrats politicize his beloved daughters death.
I'm praying for you sir
I feel blessed
Thanx You For The Love
Wow! Thank you for Axe deodorant!
Martin is so humble and great and that's the
Third
Tribute To Sir Ayub Bachchu AB Hooe You all like it
Full Song Coming soon.....
Sune janio choto part ta kemn
Swami Sharanam.
I hope you get the point in the seventeenth one.
Praying for the family and friends. Heartbreaking
Atlanta-area officer fatally shot; one
Pls rt
DOT DOT DOT - Hoonyoung
tag
1st
Congratulations to CEO on your New music on the way ft and !!!
What a hero!
I just love my job! we've turned this girl around and got her adopted this lady came from Romania and had 3
Whats good everyone...Happy Sunday
Jeremiah 32:19
19 great are your purposes and mighty are your deeds. Your
best one in 2018 that screenplay
Finally u got it right. We ARE responsible for destruction of their homes. der aaye durust aaye
Please Stop being so unoriginal thank you
Congratulations & I'm Glad That I Meet U In In Hyderabad When your Last visit
Let me remind you. Same happened in ua regime. Kindly stop politics over blood have some shame please
Radhe Radhe
Stay close to people who feel like sunlight
Appude ipoindi bro movie.. when is part 2.. waiting ikkada.. really so proud to have you in Telugu cinema
Feels so good being back in the gym
A potential 21 players/5100 futures playing today. One of you please do something
Sponsor us to support the school thank you to everyone involved. Lets hope the weather holds
Good morning
Have a great day
Petition
HELP US SAVE HER!
The President doesn't support them
Insha Allah successful hoga
i've never met another filo babyj except for u mahalin natin si jamie habangbuhay
Thank you so much
Sending hugs! hope you can take some time to relax soon
Grateful for this life
officials dream of Paris one day becoming the first car-free major
'S... in Malaysia plss.
Finally my Scandal album arrived
Thank you for helping me (Kissme Indonesia) order this album Kak
Indeed, May we not be among racist people, Ameeeeeeen
Bitch it's STILL World.
Long Live The Loc Rest Easy My nephew
HAHAHA I will if its 100% sure It'll arrive by next monday! Aaa
Yippieee
Take care of yourself!
May God bless and save the king. Amen
please save one for me...
Shout out to for driving me home tonight! love you best friend! Thanks for looking out!
3122082284 first bank, put am here in Jesus name
1500 views in 2 days thank you
Support my nigga please Thanks!
Or sun we love !
Inquiry & Only an Inquiry and nothing but an Inquiry can clear the name of Central Govt here
Please Banana Release teaser
Omg I can't believe dis
ur is my hero
Touchdown.
If words
Does work for you
Then use them as such
3 magical words
Will always work for you
i.e. "Thankyou very much." :)
Always Be hungry
[Hong Kong China] (852)
Got7
TEAM WANG
For someone who once had acne. Am really thankful to God how good my skin looks now
Thank you, and yours too
Good luck , currently at work , but have dropped you a follow and will attend next stream
I ot know the way you do it , but you do it to me all .
OMG.. Unthinkable
Thank you so much
MERCI beaucoup Arno
Bisous
Amen
Hope you enjoy cooking with it
Off to Wembley for the NFL with the bro. Can you send someone over for the pre game show please Jordon
Starting the second day of with yoga to sdgaction
Hopefully
Off to the Ohm Yoga Show today
Companies and societies needs a good leader , not a dictator.. Namaskaram
Thank you Penni for your follow! I hope you have enjoyed a great weekend
Jimin fans come on,
please like comment and recommend
Just imagine the Super Bowl with no adverts and no half time show might actually be worth watching lol
Thank you xx
thank you for an amazing weekend truly gorgeous
What a movie..
Keka
Thank you Lord!
Last night James HARDEN was God How does he do this ?
Lord, please
please, retweet this!!! lets help them, directioners or any fandom, pls retweet this!!! pls pls pls
Somethings I see on the TL This one just talked down on Jesus.
I cover my sight with the Blood of Jesus Christ
thank you
Help RT please
Please bring this tour to Glasgow
Wow. Can i get you follow as friends? Thankyou alot Woojong.
Happy choosing!
I am ardent devout of since gained consciousness, will have inner pleasure if it materialises
God bless you and your family
500
May all your tasks, assignments, writings, lectures and meetings vanish then turn into 5 million dollar .. Amen
Hahaha w nchallah enta kaman byeji l yom yalli u attend her concert bi Jarash ma3na
MERCI beaucoup Laurence
Bisous
can't wait to see this in next apink's concert too for the new panda bong!
See You and your customer satisfaction are amazing Again you asked me to wait till
Your too kind big to my OZ
: AHHHH WALA PARIN AKONG TICKET
: INIINTAY KO TALAGA YUNG GENAD PLS PO
: CONCERT NA NILA IN 3
Annannukku thanks edhukku thangachi don't thanking me
One Of Many Promises Is That He Will Take Care Of Us In All Circumstances. He Will Never Lead
Happy Birthday bro God bless your new Age
Thank you
This. Is. Happening.
Europe is waiting you
PLEASE SIGN PETITION DEMANDING UN INVESTIGATION INTO MURDER & RETWEET! Thank you
Bon dimanche JJ et tous les copains/copines
Please Mr president TRUMP! Help to Brazil
Congratulations to CEO on your New music on the way ft and !!!
RIP
I agree
FAVORITE
Hetmyer > Chris Gayle
RT If You Agree
Family, friends, God
True Words
A2) a. e-Will
Join here friends for amazing Contest
DI INCREDIBLE ENTRY
BHT BHT PYAAR
ING
Thank God for the day
Hoping I can secure for concert ticketing on next Sat //fingers crossed//
What is the secret?
Still hoping parin po admin.
I am knackered, no days off and today I'm shooting new gorejous
I pray all the hard work pays off
$BTC accumulation
Hope tomorrow interview will be smooth
Ifb armys, follows me first i follows back all
Forever coming thru!
Noble decision
Thank you for sharing
MERCI beaucoup cher SEM
Bisous
' thoughts and prayers '
Pray for
what else man. May the succes be with you forever n ever
Have a great time
Peace be with u
thank you to those who prayed for me. god bless!
Wish me luck!!
Thank you for fun, tiring & delicious weekend. Amen
Hetmyer > Chris Gayle
RT If You Agree
On me thas sum shit!
thanks for following Have you also checked out
congratulations for the 68th position in
always LVE you
Nice one.. Thanks!
I gotta say what I gotta say
God is the Greatest
RT RT Live, praying to the Loot Godz to give me gear! Sunday Funday!
uncle bobby & scarlet interaction plsss
How kind you are dear brother Sami!
Thanks so much for bringing happiness to my sister
So sorry for your loss
Prayers to his family.
- Tim! Stop with the listen to pronunciation! PLEASE
Active
Retweet
Follow all RTs
Follow me
Kindly follow back
Turn on my notification
Madala... I want a ride. Calling you as soon as I arrive!!!
Thank u jenny
Resist bruhh resist mga bad elements palayo
Happy birthday
Darling Prabhas Anna
I am so sorry for your loss I cannot possibly imagine your pain.
thanks for following Have you also checked out
sending lots of strength and positivity your way hopefully you will recover quickly
Done!! Definitely tune of the year! Good luck fella!
Even if I have lost mine.... I say a very BIG AMEN to your prayers.
DJ Leo, do you have Come What May by Nicole Kidman and Ewan McGregor?
this kind of music very rare this days,
keep it up man
gud luk
Thanks for the blessings Binary Baba!
Yes i Rap Generation Big up
Ok!! Thank youuu
Little champ so glad doing well coach.
Alhamdlillahi 13 won today.
there is no god but you keep doing your thing tho
Yes i Rap Generation
Solidarity
Happy Birthday my lil sibling
thanks homie i appreciate it
We are counting on you
Salut tout le monde
Je vous souhaite tous un bon dimanche
Please dont belttle my God The Cobra !!
JNU is filled with Asuras...
Cobras fight Asuras....
Jai ho Nag Devata
thanks for following Have you also checked out
Please help if you can with anything it would mean alot to me and my family. Even if its a small amount
I am so grateful to know
RT Lazy Indie Morning
Chill indie vibes to start and enjoy your weekend (or any other day)
Awards for Hospicio please
Please give us Petra, Plisko, Naomi, Angie or Sloane for the title please
Goodluck self
Thank you
remembered on his 75th anniversary
PM Sh ji unflured
Shes,here.. Thank you lord..
Thanx 4 d love
The Church of House
Bahagia secukupnya bersyukur sepuasnya
.
OMG! You have to see this. > SHARE N TAPLOVE SUPORT ME UP LEVEL.
Congratulations Fluffy Wishing you the best as you move on to the next phase
Miles, you're such a positive lad and a good friend
~ Happy Sunday
Wish Me Luck
Off to ola.
Super well done keep it up and good art
Trying to find myself some breakfast please
My Pleasure Sir
Thank God 4 blessn me 2 another born day
Ford GT Edicion Aniversario
Me le traen
Leader of people
It always seems impossible until done.
Cheque Encashment Day
Thank you Lord Thank you Frontrow
With the Master
Pure energy
-
-
-
Morning.. Could I please have a contact for media partnership at ?
Thank You Charan Bhai
ADIM 3
21114010
Bol
God bless you and your family
My view from yesterday. BIG 3pts that was & they was needed in truth, now to build on it Think we had a good
"sya lang po for my plot twist" hoping this since 2017
youu a monsta.
Let it alllll work out
Haha bro. go then
Lo mas hermoso de transmitir en vivo son los pinshes memes que te hacen alv
Gracias
Oh yes definitely count me in....
I'd be delighted to win
Fingers crossed and very best of
Amen
what he said is 100% right. He speaks openly, not for the sake of getting good names
Viru Replied to everyone with reply
But quoted for only Dada and Sachin..
Respect
Indeed, U know this of course. And I hope that others will jump on the train of
Oh yes definitely count me in....
I'd be delighted to win
Fingers crossed and best of
S.Coups please
This is so inspiring, Your story gives all of us hope
Greetings of a Happy Birthday, Fr. Jojo Revidad
Adi Ante
&
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger -
Juscolored grabe ka Lord salamat
That's charan
I just saw your post on YouTube and instantly followed you on Instagram and on here. always support you man!
pinag ppray po nmin ito wlang imposible
Done pls rt back rn
I think I know too much
God please help
It takes me less than 5mins to identify a good preacher
thank you pushing me to pen my thoughts! finding it so worth it today :)
Thank you you to
If you're viewing or reading this, have a blessed Sunday.
Oh yes please....definitely count me in
I'd be delighted to win
Fingers crossed and
thanks for following Have you also checked out
BMW
A Police man standing in service for 24x7.
My Salute to them.
Retweet
Like
Follow all that Like & Retweet
Follow back all that follow you
Follow
Thank you Lord for this blessed day!
Seeing me on WhatsApp at 7am on a weekend does not mean you can call me. I am awake, but not operational biko
Will def keep him in my prayers
Can you give her 1 ticket kohh jeballll
Done pls rt back rn
Dinner date w moi aunt such a long time since we last have this!
Nice photo taken
Thank you
Hope I can get the ticket
Another gorgeous from the Marianas - have an blessed evening everyone
One a year ago i reunited with my spanish girl in Madrid!!! I hope see her soon
Naman aap Ko Bachchan ji...
&
if you feel annoyed with my tweet, you can follow me
Done pls rt back
please sign
Off to Church with Kasaw!
Are you switching your medical regime? Thoughs and prayers
Best way to describe my pre-birthday week so far Work work work!
Thank you, Lord.
Once again it has been a blast!
Thank you for the inspirational & emotional rollercoaster
Ang sad
Amazing location.
Done Pls rt back rn
Sorry if that hurt u then...
Merci beaucoup
Lord, You are my shield. I depend on You alone.
This way is perfect; the word of the Lord proves true;
Good Morning!
Natudu natude anna. Pedda ledu chinna ledu. God bless you.
Morning Sarah Thx for the retweet
Definitely soft and be curled up under it this
with the CLASS, hopefully I own one someday
Oh no this a diff person
see u there
3 weeks before Japan tour so i hope boys will finally get enough rest and meet their family and friends. They deserved it
I work extremely hard so my wife can be a stay at home mum. I worship the ground she works on. Totally agree.
sir we are waiting for most wanted Anushka's 1st look Plzz release soon
Thank You So Much Voot App /
My ShortListed Video / From Voot App / Bigg Boss 12 Video Vichaar /
Maybe next comeback stage in Grammy. February 2019.
pic cr. gaoshanshangdey
And the final result for Michelle! Big thanks, girl!
Good job by the lady kudos for her and may the child survive and stay in good health God bless the child
Lady Gaga |
Elle | Lady Gaga
I love you steffeni YAS
Sorry
Hopefully x.. Thank you me old china
Feel inspired, try something different today
via
Pray, I hope your heart is strong enough to endure whatever been up to
Please Save
Never ever ever! The most precious of gift blessed...
Giving thanks for those few b4 I close my eyes.
Today is my birthday? Can I please please get a birthday wish from you Sir? Please!!
It would make my day
Sana maka survive ako this coming week.
Do not let your hearts be troubled. Trust in God
thank you lord
sorry for all my sin
Thank you Lord for this successful DOST examination! keep us safe on our way home
Heimat...
Photo by Sebastian Thoene
Thank you weh! You too good luck on your studies
Whoop emergency exit seat. Not an upgrade but extra leg room thanks
Yah Allah!
provide for the needy.
Provide for the less privileged.
Provide for the fatherless.
Provide for the motherless.
Ameen
Belated HB micah dear. God bless u
30 SELECTIONS LEFT TO PLAY ON FH GOAL LIST
100% record for list still waiting to be
Told you all Sunday will be big
Wish me luck. Thank you ko
Here's a Great jam
Music: Corny Girl - Expensive Feat Klever Jay
Cop yours
Cc ft
LOL
Thanks man
no offence to south korea
Poll Ending Time is Nearing
Vote For
Absolutely.
And we can start right now.
thank you once again i'll do my best here
Father Lord, We've had Enough Stew Already... Today, we're praying for Vegetables, lots of 'em....
Insha Allah
thank you for spraying freshener for Romil. Thankyou so much .
Fim da noite
Woke up feeling religious.
Following rules
Did each task
On Instagram and Twitter as well
Please
Please
My Birthday Week
Thank you avantimoda_official for the amazing feature.
Link in bio
This tweet, "RT Heta_org: HetaChain Twitter Official has reached over 30,000 followers.
Thank you all
See you soon my XPander. Will have u break in somewhere in Cebu on Wednesday
Mr.
I want mute choise for trend area for some topics
Some topics are very disturbing
Please
Able God refix Marley miles x chinko Ekun x Lil Kesh x Zlatan link in his bio marley_miles18 Victoria Island,
2-0
Please
Please
Please
Please
Shalom dear Valerie...may your new week be most Blessed!!
Amen !! BuOnGiOrNo
Please
Please
Please
Please
for following us Keep pushin and enjoy your Sunday! If you haven't already, you
Amazing location.
Thanks Dear friend Have a Lovely Sunday
We are so grateful for your support Rachel. Thank you
As sir said... initiated the process within no time
Sunday thoughts thank you
I hope everyone has a blessed day! Go be great
can we have a training vid...PRETTY....PRETTY...PLZ!! No Arsenal on the
1 year down. 4 more to go. Pray for me
Oh yes please....definitely count me in ....I'd be delighted to win
Fingers crossed and
As sir said... initiated the process within no time
4 November 2018
Fantastic! Ty Ty for such a solid day !
Zamora
Read your article Trouble with houseguests.
Was really helpful. Thank you
Can i get uhhhhh
Money
Pls
Blessings to you my friend!
Barf ghusedo sona nikalo
Stunning view btw.
Youre blessed to be their
Awesome I love Daft Punk!!! Thank you Have a good one petri..
Happy birthday Papa
May God continue to bless you abundantly
Oh yes please....definitely count me in ....I'd be delighted to win
Fingers crossed
Agree but sometimes something hurts, anyways we have lots of
HELP RT
Sharing Season Greeting Color of Daniel.
Price: tertera di gambar
Include EMS+tax, exclude ongkir dr
Omg they r so cute introducing themselves so shyly, I miss that time ...
Once Suju ask me : Why do u like
20 des 5k folow
Always look ahead... great things are happening
Yay!! Can't wait to watch it
I hope someone will sub it
Rather you than bring the Pink Gin out for Thursday good thanks have a good day Have
Please adopt us
hi can u follow me plz I need friends I follow u plz
My country
Romania
for following! Check out
Protect me from what i want , bless me with what i need
Good morning my lovely lady. Blessing to your beautiful Sunday!
I Appreciate What I've Become
Welcome To My World 11*20*18
Life Full Of Toxic & Demons"
Happy Birthday man. Stay awesome. Bless up
Happy Sunday friends Thank you Namaste
Now worries, boo. Of anything. God got you.
48. upfoll 1000 folls & bersihin non follback, done
Happy Sunday Fam!
do this
with get_repost
To vote BISOLA AIYEOLA as the Actress
Birthday boy Thank God for another year
Thx for the sub. I'll hope to see you soon on bo4
Ofc, Jason Voorhees, 100% gonna watch it, thanks
A bit more dedication this time be prepared
That's for you... He is such a kind hearted person.. Willing to help the need at all times...
Wow what a knowledge. U r ultimate.
Happy birthday, big boy Enjoy your birthday with your lovely family God Bless you!
sleepover this halloween.
may I get a birthday wish Sir
Amen to that
Mutlu pazarlar
I will return the favour.
Plz change your in the real thugs
Romania too please!!
multiplication of fish and bread
Dear heart, pls don't give up
Hi Larry lol it's also a little me in my couch I wish you a wonderful, relaxing Sunday TYSM Larry
Waah !! Shandar reply ji more power to you
Powerful words from grateful for what you have and what you can
So escaping me is impossible .. just a hobby guys better than you
Get well soon, Leo Messi
I saw this. Fella chasing butterflies..love my friend. Thanks!
i hope they get enough rest when they get home, please
I she goes to a loving family or person who will value and respect her, and not give up on her
You have worked incredibly hard. Good luck! We are proud of you.
kfb thanks
Buenas para este amanecer.
PRAYERFUL PROTEST VIGILS continue daily thru Sun, Nov 4.
Sign up for a vigil near you!
Ohhh so that's what it was! this is sooo interesting, thank you for the trans have an
help RT
Price3880nt)
Zone B8 -
I wish that Wonder6irls will make a a surprise reunion thru Yenny's reality show
Everyone said that my parts in HANN is a killing part, Ah, I'll try it. I hope I can reach that high note. Wish me luck!
CR7
Thank u so much
bro.
Le secret ! Dieu & moi
Good job guy !
Hoping for the best
MegaPowerStar statement about
I wanna thank... The woke boys... for educating me on my own oppression so sorry for being flippant about
Limited lower box pls
Must be a saint from previous life.
Rizespor Yenersin
Getting ready to attend this fascinating leadership program
Meanwhile, private buses
Blessings and healing to this strong young man and his mother. I wish I could give him a big hug and tell him
Thanks boss, hopefully we win
We will eventually get there bra Dave. They see my moves.
Good tweet in a wrong Twitter thread. Please tweet it separately.
Wo m keh rai thi
Jazakillah To All
Birthday birthday Wali feelings aee
BLESSED
You just had to use Tharaka just to troll bonny
Pleased to hear Jaqui & for checking.
Wag pong kalimutang bumoto
Link:
Win 4 please, please, please!
Sobrang nakakagalit! Justice for these farmers.
Here is your daily "#Pray For Me Full Power": + get one every day!
That's for you... He is such a kind hearted person.. Willing to help the need at all times...
I'm so sorry for what you go through.
Thank you
Thank you so much for watching. I appreciate that.
Seconded
Whatever We Had We Had - Barry White
Welcome Msizi
Let your will be done Lord
Prayers of comfort
Getting ready to attend this fascinating leadership program
Jai Shri Ram Chichaji
we are stuck! Can we borrow the dinosaur?
Remember me too nau pleaseeee
0124636966, Adefila Titilayo Adebola, GTbank.
by
The pleasing feeling of excitement before the bluetooth
Thank you
Attempt yo eat THIS melon and review my EP! It take you too long right?
Namesake! Thank you so much.
Dear our friend really needs your help can you show him how beautiful life is and it
Amen! We serve an amazing God!
At the Grand River Hospital my rights were violated beyond belief
supporting you from Cebu to there! Whatever happens daog gihapon na oi
Praying for Him and His Family
Et le titre en Ligue 2 inchallah
Follow me back
Here is your daily "#Pray For Me Full Power": + get one every day!
Marcelo ailesi unutmuyor Seviliyorsunuz
Thank you fam!
Thank you Supreme Court.
Who Can interpret this Swahili for me please
Thank you for realizing this
Spas can
Aero-Dance Queen
Green Rose Center for Academe
Fake news hai waise woh bol bhi sakta hai
Good Morning
Have a Lovely Sunday
My twitter Friends.
Thank you
Oh please would you count me in....
I'd be delighted to this
Fingers crossed and very best
New account , please follback
MMUY TRUSTE CON LA LESION DE MESSI.NOS VAS A HACER MUCHA FALTA .CUIDATE MUCHO ERES EL MEJOR!!!
Salute to this superb team. and all
Thank you
Thixo onofefe sizothandazisa Fam ,kuthi angayi
Kitchen Worktops come in handy!
Help a brother out
I love them sm
Thank you people of Stellies
Loren Can you please come to Denmark i really want to meet you
get well soon bb
Blessed Sunday Ellie dear & Djj
Happy ang ADN
Thank you &
My target will be your womb
So Our ID Gonna Delete!. Fine Sir HatsOff!
thank you
let them stop you bro.. and after you overcome all the bs the victory will feel even sweeter
And isn't he a stellar example of what eating healthy fat can provide! A remarkable soul! Thanks for sharing this story!
thank you god
Pawan Kalyan Anna maata ni nilabettaav
Bless you for helping them.
MegaPowerStar statement about
Wish my both dream come true
Proud.
I just wanna say, we are always with you King
So Our ID Gonna Delete!. Fine Sir HatsOff!
Father Lord
This I so relate to
AMIN
Thanks
Good morning everyone have a wonderful day, only you can make today wonderful Always stay positive
What? Kaise malum apko , massage kya tha..... Aur dusra proof plz explain everything
AKU MAUUUUUU!! Im begging on you please
i vote for this to happen!
Enlighten us today, Lord, with the breakthrough and revelation only You can provide.
Thanks
12 point lead
Wow so cool munda in super king bro best
Credit to of course
Back home after a successful business trip
That moment when dream comes true
Please please come to Cardiff girls
please come back
I threw a note and some kandi onstage for but I think he got it thank you for an amazing show
Brilliant ad.
I feel so lucky to have someone like you in my life
Morning Chattings
MegaPowerStar statement about
Thank You for guiding me.
Because she and I both deserve it
I MUCH PREFER THIS THEORY!!! please
RT
Thank you Supreme Court.
I LOVE MY TEAM SO MUCH
Instagram
thanks mate
Welcome
Enjoy your day
Oh Fine Brother. I Didn't Know. Our ID Received An Reports,.
Thankyouu hehe
follow avtunna pedhalaku, twitter thopulaku na dhanyavadalu
Preach!!!!!
Praying
I know the history of your country sir. Not good. I am sorry
Rockets-Lakers in the 2nd Round of the Playoffs please
S/o The Creator for blessing me with another year!!!!!!!!! Watch what I do with it!
Sure sir. Thank you for the information.
Thank you dhoni for giving ball to jadeja
Never had 'doodle apathy' before...
... The best film ever
Thank you team for this one
Hear the plea of true Devotee
not all understand this logic
Sunday vibe level Too inspirational SM4LYF
Ano religion mo? Catholic
liberty_film
poisonnob
Think Positive Gods Love you
Thank you.
pls can you play the brilliant new single from
Machallah
Please use money to build school and collage or hospital for poor people
Really hoping that we get Parappa the Rapper on the PlayStation Classic
God will bless you Rodney. Your family must be so proud of you.
Hazri
Abdullah Shah Ghazi Mazar With Beloved Brother & Czn
Any Day Craze >>> Any One
PK Disaster Movies >> Others Blockbuster Films
Most Viewed Hindi dub
Enjoy killing some ZOMBIES
... Thank you for the picture
Kinda late but it came. All for and because of You. eazzzy show,
My prayer
Thank you
This is our government. Joining hands for votes. But forgetting the basic amenities of the public after coming
Took me 8hrs for the creative lab today. Now, let's do photobook pilipinas naman Ahhh, Maria Jayzel.
Hazri
Abdullah Shah Ghazi Mazar With Beloved Brother & Czn
Get to know all about the ahead of kickoff
Presented by
Makasih.....it means a lot
We goh love for you too Boss
Hazri
Abdullah Shah Ghazi Mazar With Beloved Brother & Czn
Dear God, Today I woke up. I am healthy. I am alive. Thank you I Apologize for all my complaining, I'm truly grateful for all you've done.
Hazri
Abdullah Shah Ghazi Mazar With Beloved Brother & Czn
This video will bring tears in your eyes. True devotion towards Ayyappa
Thank you. It's an honour for me.
Lirical motion video
Amen.
Yo. If you need anyone to talk to or just hangout I'm here.
If God is asking you to wait, what He HAS IN STORE for you is going to be bigger than what you HAVE IN MIND!!!
Good Morning my Friends!
Happy Sunday! Love coming your way. God Bless you on this wonderful day.
OST for Kyungsoo and a happy ending please
Talking about dreams and future over Caldereta and Sinigang!
Happy Sunday everyone!
[HE ART]
My moral supporters since September 2017 . ((stay !!!!! jgn KB!!!!!)) KOSASS,UPM
Mornings ants
Sunday, my perfect and , and pray for me
I AM YOUR NEW RELIGION
Prayers for yet another family Please
Mutlu Pazarlar
friday, need ur help
Mach das nicht Andi!
It was sarcasm
good morning i hope alexa's injury is fake and that she is doing okay
Happiest of birthdays hope the best day ever !!! And also, continue to be a blessing
Love and light
Thank you! You did make it easy, being open minded and wanting a distinctive style
Gods Love is fresh like the Sun Rise.
thankyou for this
What a lad!
Good evening friends
2 more subjects to fight tomorrow
need the do it ad
We need it for the entire Africa
Have a filter free day guys. Stay positive Sky Santos
Good afternoon
I wish I have my own car.
Salut mon pote on se reverra
Pride of India.
God please bless Man of God even more so that he will continue to pray for our deliverance
Babai-Abbai bonding..
Debut
Semifinalis New Beginning & Ultimate Body class UBC MR. PRIANGAN IV 2015 Sumedang, 5th Place Mens Sport
really hope we meet too thanks & you too
I hope so
100M views before our genius producer's birthday please Continue streaming DWC.
Happy Sunday
Baba since I comment nothing don reach your boy..
Do something for your boy
5k na
Good morning Wendy Have a lovely day
Love this! is truly one of the best place to be born a girl! We are extremely blessed
this bih really not helping me on my no fap journey imma make it through tho
no wonder na it's my revelation song
es sapratu viss ok
Be with us, oh Lord.
peace and love
Hello, Sis
Thanks and God bless you
Any Day Craze >>> Any One
PK Disaster Movies >> Others Blockbuster Films
Most Viewed Hindi dub
God I see what doing for
Prayers Go Up. Blessings Come Down
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
He looks so emmm need HD masternim
Just His Babai's Suggestion Is Enough
!
All The Time
Guys do Follow & support him
Wish me luck
GOD BLESS TAIWAN
Sure hope its coming soon!
Excellent dimanche God bless me
I'm nothing without you
I am empty without you
Please never leave me please
Thank you for this huge amount of kindness
Same girl really hope we all get the tickets we will! Insyaallah
Heavenly Father, I see what you are doing for other kids. I receive in name
aww bb hope you feel better sooooon I'm praying for u
Block me please
I think she was 8.5 pounds & 22 in. long cant wait to see her little face and find out what her name is
PLEASE get him to teach you young and hip vietnamese
IT'S NOT A BAD LUCK
Try it your own way sure gonna sound perfect
Happy Birthday waiie !Fane Wu Guddu Sutura bu Yatuu aeq Xewel yu Bawaan ! Enjoy (Still waitin for my juice )
Church or no church, I still got God
Happy Anniversary!! Always stay humble and down to earth .More project pa to showcase you talent.
Your
Amen! Facts on Facts!!! Dankie siyabonga
Good afternoon
waste of time log out
workout session this morning
Her music has such a power on me
But I need new songs babe
bless you
hate when my daddy tell me bad news, all I do is stress God if you take my daddy, please forget to take me too
Wishing them all the best
! Great spot, well done.
(RIP Gary Moore, the greatest. )
Yeah the back
Healing prayers for you Joscha.
At Tuljapur, Maharashtra
Respect
Gorgeous house - is it No 1? Not enough evidence think may be residents
They really deserve our respect and gratitude
Please take over the senior team Guti
Happiness any time
A big salute to your grandfather
Sir Thalaivar kuda yeppo sir Padam Panna Poringa Hvy Waiting
My dear Debi and Moms Group Love Duinka Leal, There is always a tomorrow:
0160151922 GtBank Ajiteru okikiola olabode, I know say God of the Okiki Nation will speak for me
What God has no person can curse can I get an feeling blessed
Whyy ?? Your Good
Morning Tweet Is
Behaving Like
Ram Mandir
at Chapel of the Eucharistic Lord ( The Atrium SM Megamall)
Indha one week nala padiya poidanum
forever blessed, thankyou Lord
Thank you for your appreciation & kind words!
We feel humbled!
Full Video LINK:-
Share as much as you can
I'm sure he loves you too. God bless you
Ameeeen~
HERO for a reason
Livelong brother!
Father Lord embarrass me with money
I wish I could agree but trying bro love man
Oh Lord! Thank You
Missy
Mr Hewett was always asking about how much you weighed and rugby related stuff what a headmaster Jeez
Permanent he to jismey chehra achey lage Waise koi bana lete...
Lmaoo Amba please i beg you start
YOU ARE THE BEST!!! Thank you
Would love to see you stand as an Independent candidate
Blessings to our people!
LAST DAY OF EXAM TOMORROW WISH ME LUCK JCKSZKNAKS
COME ON, FANS!!!
YOUR HELP IS NEEDED!!!
Wishing a speedy recovery
A Thai guy is selling cotton candy on the beach
Inspiration please... give me one pls.
decided to implement suggestion - Charan
Good Morning. Starting to adjust to a new timezone - my body is finally cooperating
It is underrated. Masha Allah
Hmm,i want in the group ,god bless me and my m8 to enter
En konserimiz
Sawasdee kaa Amanpuri And happy 30th birthday! great to be back.
Ur always welcome
Please to link later.
Thanks a lot
"Have more than YOU Show,
Speak Less than YOU know"
I HAVE SO MUCH FAITH , LOVE AND HOPE. GOD KNOWS
We have laptops, tablets and iPad in stock Chief
Happy Sunday Fam!
Rise and Thrive!
Thank you for Love and Kindness!
God is Powerful!
Art
La mejor del mundo mundial, mejor amiga, confidente, madre
Bago phoooooone?
Grazie Bro
I hope i'll win this GA
Wow.. Thanku sir.
Awesome show
..
Thank u to every who signed petition God bless ,need a little more pls keep up & sighn
the K
DJ.
^^
Thank you for your
They give up their sleep and comfort in order to let others sleep peacefully.....
30 something's please be this good to me...
This is one of the greatest blessing in my life. Grateful for being part of this wonderful community. More of God
Abbai - Babai Bonding
Maintaining Next Level Relationship
Whyy ?? Your Good
Morning Tweet Is
Behaving Like
Ram Mandir
Good morning every buddy. I'm enjoying a nice warm windowsill. Wishing you all a happy Sunday. Prayers & hugs
Mass
Vaadevado Thomas anta deadly undhi bowling action.
Happy Birthday mfanaka I hope today is nothing short of amazing. I hope you get all your
Big ups yourself unreleased track and you even sing more than nuff respek
Fantastic ideas. a great inspiration to us all, and do we ever need it!
Unseen Afghanistan. Can't wait to see it. Thank you for making it.
Amen
Merci merci merci
That tweet was not deserving of a reply so thanks for that
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA SO EXCITED NA!!! WUHOOOOO SANA MAKAGRADUATE HAHAHAHA
Oh Lord, please protect us all!
Thanks okay now I think she liked the actual job at Emily Carr
Oh my Dear God, pleaseeeeeeee let this happen
Ave Maria!
Happy Mission Sunday everyone!
Today's gospel reminds us;
" whoever wishes to be great among you
Ave Maria
I can feel it.
[HE ART]
God will make a way
Answer
"25 Honda CLIQs" are up for grabs.
Fine w/ any version of DMUMT Album!
thankyou for this GA!
God bless officer Toney and his family.
&
I wish he was mine
Thank you for Playing
Contentment with God is great gain.
Live HT 0,5 over
So thankful for another day of life, health and strength.
Sir floyd Oscar said fighters like you always go broke n have no money
jennie stans and ot4 do this. it will just take a a few seconds!
Lord, I do not want to come back next year with the same prayer points.
Mutlu Pazarlar (@ Turkcell Cnr Telekom in Ankara, DEMET)
May Allah reward you for that response. Really did help :) Ameen
Whooooa!! Let Your Will be Done
Down but not out! Thanks to everyone who came out and supported. I felt the and warmth from all of you! I
So neaaaar yet so faaaaaaar. hahaha
Goodluck mga BBs. Enjoy the game and please, injury free.
Love love
Yes please! one one
God bless you
RT The only reason I buy some of these stuff is sake of DKB .....simple
Bismillah dapet ya allah
thank you
Need a Break
Me please god please
Yes plsss.
As Always
U know... I Discovered My New Avatar walking in the Street, in a
My dear Debi and Moms Group Love Duinka Leal, There is always a tomorrow:
December 7 is my birthday.
Please
Please
Get well soon miss you so much Jinnie
Please
Please
Thanks to Allah for this day. Am live again
First Scarywood adventure was a success Great night with great people
Feliz Que Dios te bendiga. Feliz 32.
At last you are mine now
Thank You very much pangga
Mwuahmwuahtsuptsup
Thank you for everything! It was an incredible journey
Ave Maria!
Happy Mission Sunday everyone!
Today's gospel reminds us;
" whoever wishes to be great among you
To the Glory of the Most High
UPDATE : This one got sold out. In a hour. The website is down again.
Have a great day everyone!
Good Morning Have a blessed Sunday Extra prayers for you both
I love the month October, I think it has always been my lucky month with all the great things happening! Hope this continues tho
Prayer: Jesus I want to follow You as Elisha followed Elijah and earnestly seek for more and greater things of God. In Jesus Amen
Thanks
Good evening
Hahaha free the Wi-Fi one
We are betting on the kids we need you to tip the scales. THANK YOU
Best of luck ..
TGFAD
Wish you beautiful Sunday
My dear Friend Milica
I drew this one with only charcoal. Please support my work.
thank you for an amazing tour! It was a dream to see you boys perform live in London! Come back soon
Happy birthday Candice. Our home. South Africa
Pleaseee COME TO BANGLADESH
Bts will you come to Germany next year? please I go to your concert there were not enough tickets
Thank you
Official press release about adopting a village in affected area...
That is
Wig de Zoro lista
Hey Handsome! I loved seeing you live (PHEW so handsome! ), thank you, Thank You, THANK YOU! Now rest please
Jgh.
Big Thank you for your service!
Oh Lord. March-envy as you've never seen before
My hukka lounge will open tomorrow in aliganj! Plz visit mam!
hm telat reply wish me luck aja deh kok
LOVE
-
:-
Follow us now
Thanks for coming
Waheguru plz give ur blessing to romil ..n make him give his best in bb12 n he desrvers to be the
Alhamdulillah
.
.
.
tannn
i hope everything goes well tomorrow
doll army on the rise
I know possibly next Sunday
thank you so much for translating Do you have a video of this?
It's a beautiful day
I'm grateful for good health
What are you grateful for?
And I thank you for bringing him back
Sooo what I'm going to say what oh yes Dua lipa queen
Heartfelt condolences.
DON'T MESS UP MY TEMPO IS COMING AND WE'RE NOT READY, LORD GIVE US STRENGTH
get some rest and eat well have a safe flight
Migs sayawin mo yung "The eve" ng exo
I hope you feel a bit better soon!
pleaseso so cute
Waaah that was intense! So much focus and dedication
Something's always stay as PROUD..PRESTIGIOUS AND ROYAL
And this is one such Kind Gesture from
Dom Bogor, sudah ku ikuti semua rules nya wish me luck huhu
Good Morning, Happy Sunday
my Dear friend
Ludovico Einaudi
Amen.
UNDERSTANDABLE TBH!!! a good boy and a good pud
make it this amazing show in saturday please
You dont understand how inperatinol you areYou are my come to love youit would really
GO For Best Actress Award
Iwish iwish
Dear God PHENDULA IMITHANDAZO YETHU
This truly is a Thanks to and I finally got to see the
oh no! let's cross our fingers not
Good morning my dear friend John have a wonderful Sunday and fabulous week ahead
Brilliant show last night at the Kings head theatre watching my talented cousin in this thought provoking play
Have time to rest please Don't get sick I love you
Efsanelerle
May Allah forgive him and grant him Jannah
Tribute To Sir Ayub Bachchu AB Hope You all like it
Full Song Coming soon.....
You be you. Stay strong. You have many friends who pray everyday for your health and a complete life
Ikr! Plus there will be the moving stage as well FanSITES PLS GO FOR PURPLE FNFNDN
Les analystes twitter > les casters !
Thank you
Amen
I jus wanna cash out and thug in my own space, I ain't even tryna get attached. I jus need to flex this long overdue fun
Amen
I hope so eh they still don't need all the stress of upheaval from their homes though it's just
if someone mind to sell these polaroids (any type) just drop the price below. i need to collect this INA ONLY
alert fall on me this week
Thank you so much my beloved brother
So proud to be your sister,follower and supporter.
I hope you liked
Congratulations to the most beautiful and adorable couple
Can't wait for the wedding to happen
Follow everyone who like and RTs this
Thanks Lisa it warms my heart to hear they connect to everyone that I share he stories with
London NFL game saving me from less than mediocre Sunday afternoon TV
Thank you Lord guide us po tomorrow
THAT SPEECH
excited to see more of them!
Hey make this account famous
Thanks
Gbk feat allianz arena
He should have celebrate his birthday today, but..
R.I.P.
Saw the band once live performing, it
Sad hollyweed has to hide their political opinions! Sry for her illness
headshoot headshoot !!!
BOOYAH - Cipto (ft Rupiah Trap)
Guys please help RT
what are the chances of getting 3 tickets on the door this afternoon at Discover Dogs?
thank you sm for coming to europe we waited a long time and it was amazing pls go home and rest now you deserve
Thanks Julie
Thanks bro
That's great to hear! Let us know if you face any more trouble and we're at your service.
Mustafa
Best believe that, we will change the narrative
Rice and Stew Sunday
This is so beautiful. Heart-warming too.
If Sir Adviced His,
I'm The First Voter For His Party,
Now I'm Getting Calls From VMI Superb Guyz
Happy Sunday to our amazing leader of beautiful Stafford Springs Thanks for all you do for our community
Your account is great
Please stay here
Tired but feel blessed
Thank you
Missing this Angel tonight Wishing you Health and Happiness selenagomez I love You
.
.
.
theweeknd
Because I know Sunday twitter will appreciate the art ( and criticize it .. Enjoy and Please Share
Ok, thanks mate, hope we will get big hauls this 2 remaining games
Good afternoon
I would only pray to have a heart like that!
part 2 she's back
He Has already done it. Always grateful
Emergency - Rescued and praying that he will pull through
have that goal soon
Thank you for everything Please rest well and take care of you ARMYs love you !!
PLEASE RT
We thank God sir.
Prema Hare Ram Sample track from Krishna Das' new album PEACE OF MY HEART
Get your copy at LINK IN
If Sir Adviced His Fans,
I'm The First Voter For His Party,
Now I'm Getting Calls From VMI Superb Guyz
Thank you for sharing
a really important one imho
Good luck
JE T'EN SUPLLIE SORS MOI DE VOTRE CONVERSATION C LOURD D'ENTENDRE TOUTES CES NOTIFS &
Top story PARENTNashik: 'HetaChain Twitter Official has reached over 30,000 followers.
Thank
Amen! A beautiful prayer for all of us ... God Bless You
Hi kiimo habibi, thank you hope we can have shortlook also shokran
Good bless the newly wed and specialy my boy Ranvir
Heading towards
Performing tonight for dashahara mela
My brothers decided to accompanying me this
noooo don't want a tragic ending, again. hindi ko nga kinaya yung sa SS eh. please ate, (btw i love River so much)
JIN HYUNG V LIVE PLEASE? NEED YOUR WORLDWIDE HANDSOME FACEE
I wanna hear good news mmmmm.
Good Morning for all and for you.
Highly grateful to My Chairman
Still praying for Harry to go to
Finally someone with a heart followed with action than just empty words. Thank You
thank you again for streamers!!
Thanks so much Tara, very kind of you.
in this game got the game fucked
I wanna hear good news hmmmmmm
Please don't sing again
bring the to wow
Angel I guess
Good Morning Tony! Have a Blessed Sunday my friend.
I have been worried since I heared they use virgins for rituals. Oh Lord please protect me
Tag your friends
Please follow for latest, funniest and sarcastic memes and trends.. .
Where art thou, Q?
Drops during Houston rally? Praying
Amen
one year already and grateful Lord
It's my first time of open the G.O
Trust God & Chill
Thank you we need to be educated about this things
Have a great Sunday everyone stay blessed
Love you
Thank you so much for everything.
Take rest well and stay healthy
HELLO GUYS I GOT A NEW RT DEALS PLEASE HELP ME TO RT MY RT DEAL I DO RTXRT
I need 931 retweets! Please
RT in peace P-Nut!
Thanks Jennifer!
6019898934 Fidelity bank Plc bless
Thank you BTS
thank you to all streamers!!
Verse of the day
hopefully there will be 2nd encore in HK too since it's only one night
1
Astagfirullah
Thank you oppa
Please go home
Remember to eat well and sleep as much as you possibly can.
God Bless all of you
By the end of the current Fifa squad battle, be in the Elite 1 category. Next week aim is for top 100
Ameen son of mercy
Za lord is ur Strength
A year older, a year Wiser, a year Matured in good health & Uncountable blessings My Lord! I can't thank you enough + 1 Alhamdulillah
6/3 6/3 Svitolina . Hope both, Elina and Petra qualify from the white group
Lisa, feed us please We're very hungry We miss you so much!!
Keep to myself cause this life only gets better
Support
RT our tweets, Give us S/O, Tag us
Make we grow the page together..
Visca El
hey love, is going through a really taff time recently, i thought maybe some positive words could help her?
In deepest sympathy to your family and Blue Family.
Thanks so much Alison.
I feel so sorry for that day when a whole section of EXO-L lost their lives...
I respect women sirf bolna nahi hota ...actual mein karna bhi hota hai
Jaise Romil karta hai . And we all have
Claim it and receive it, Amen
this is funny and sad at the same time. and yes youtube nim please be nice this time
Amen
10.20.18 // Panic! at the Disco
Sir think again
So aptly put. My Salutations to you Sir.
Really praying hard for this hero
-
Ringo name)
Study can be sometimes boring.
thank you
She is gorgeous .. Many happy years to come
I Trust in you Lord
Operation Luke
God Be The Glory
ELJC MINISTRY SJV10 Langgam San Pedro Laguna
Dear Kings & Queens
Don't ever sleep on a blessing yo!! , always be aware because blessings come disguised
God bless y'all
Thanks Mags.
oh sorry
Marcos 10,35-45
Oh my. Safe travels Mr. Johnsonless!
It's Sunday. You skipped church neither have you given Him praise . Why? Thank him please
Good morning lovely lady!
hi can i text from dm i want to ask you something about drawing
Well done. Thank you
No, baby it's called Karma
Congratulations Blessings
.@deepikapadukone announces her wedding with
Praying for good weather and a safe trip tonight..
Pls Rt
What's position? |
[ ]
Link XIII
you bro
Subscribe please
looking for ticket to BTS World Tour LoveYourself in Taoyuan
12/9 B1 or B2 area 2 ticket
number > anywhere
Thanks so much missus! Drinks and dinner to celebrate soon...must get organising!
Just gonna leave this here
From Instagram: Nobody Director xx >>
Wow. Sounds interesting. Pls sana ito na yon
Forgiveness is the key
May he R. I. P.
Good Evening
Modijji
Gr8 Prime Minister of
21st Century
We Are Blessed to Have Such a Wonderful PM
Amin
Subscribe please
would be awesome if we could all like and recommend to main page &
Amen
-
Ringo name)
Study can be sometimes boring.
Thanks so much
I am feeling that village you feel like in a village seeing that life soooo good (God very nice to all)
Seokjin's neck is my kink, I really needed this. Thank you
Please explain,... I'd be glad to know.
Thanks Terry
Blessed Sunday friends
Handicapped2018 goodnight
Thanks so much Aoife!
What anime is this juseyo???
Hey rp snsd sunbaenim? can i get your fanservice? please drop ur fs in this colom. thanks before
Thanks Caroline
I couldn't agree more
Thank you very much . Pleas help us
Man with golden heart
Amen ooo. I need a new job
Thanks bud! I really appreciate that!
FINAL
And a new journey begins...
Cheers Mr and Mrs. Vasquez to six kids and a Christ centered family
PLEASE NOT THIS TIME
Dear
Please hear me out
For Monsta X upcoming Music Video please don't freeze or delete
Perhaps TC HQ do some live.. it should be filmed for posterity that's
too kind. Right back at you.
Any Great Dream Requires Great Grace 2 Accomplish. Follow Your Dream! Don't Let It Die. Gave It
RIP
Thanks so much Dearbhail.
Also means that fnc will win worlds
Please support...
ABLE GOD SHOWER UR BLESSINGS
Lagos State
bismillah road to istora 2019
Small cleavage lasan, we don purchase first class ticket to purgatory. Pray for me sister pls pray
All praise to the most high
I'm finally back with my dooogs and I'm picking up mom at the airport in an hour ahhh life is good
These words really hit the spot my brother .
Thank you so much for the birthday wish. I truly appreciate it
Wahe Guru Ji at Golden Temple
My Wife and Kids saving my soul at work forever and always
Proud of your sincerity and hard work....
Amiin dong yaa
pls listen to this devotee's request all u activists n media channels
Love U and GBU
Aamiin
lord
MAD AS ALL HELL
I am allowed to join the team..
Make u sleep when I suppose sleep ..
is there a family for me put there? Somewhere? Out ZION (for adoption)
This music industry fugazi is scary as shit. I pray everyday that they never stop making music together
Ya Allah thank goodness I have a boyfriend that willingly waits for my laptop that's exporting 1h+ even though he's damn hungry
bless us o st. padre pio
Ah, so the market on a trend
What an innings Shreeman Harishchandra
Well deserved century!
GOOD MORNING TIA !
HAVE A
Thank you so much
thank you so much for translating
Haih Intan, hit me up please when make sure you have your study first, going to have waiting
Amen I am happy !
Congratulations and
Wish you a guys happily ever after
I still would have read it because it was from you... but now, just not tense
Mucha Graious
My thoughts are with family. Such a sad loss
RIP Our people
Let them know .. you are going to make me cry
Mentally and physically tired. I hope gonna be worth it.
Any Day Craze >>> Any One
PK Disaster Movies >> Others Blockbuster Films
Most Viewed Hindi dub
He was on fire.
A lot to admire.
Shemron Hetmeyer.
Good? No? Okay Well played
Hahaha try and persuade him to come out of retirement thank you TBK
you guys gotta get and Julio Gomez in a scene together
Siap, maaf profs
Waiting For The Call
From
Want To Be Again And Again
Please seokjin rest well Don't you dare get sick again!!! Take care of your health always my worldwide handsome
Oh, wow. Thank you
Thank you for the support , you!
mirishita never disappoints
Double date with his parents
Thank u sir
Be kind to us, Sunday
Who do you need BIG points from?
see you soon love you thank you
Happy birthday my SON MOSOPEFUNOLUWA SAMAD ORILOWO MUTAIRU my chocolate carbon copy Baby of the House
Thanks Niall!
Mendy & Wallpaper
Feel free to use
Likes and Retweets are appreciated
Set The Sun please . Thank you so much!!
Love you, Fam. prayers & comfort yalls way...
2 days down 2 more to go enjoying Manila life so far. Except LRT 1 rides
Gift of Life
o inventei em 2011
pls pls pls vote (even if a nah bye) so that ik if we should start one
Go Go NCTzens! We can do better. Stream and Download! We all really want to see NCT 127's happy faces after
Thank you for live audio stream~ Very thank you..
Only if there are more Demonrats then patriots! I pray we get out the vote.
Bring forth the TAPE please.
thank you Lord, hindi kmi busy tonight.
Can 'soon is getting sooner' be on the 26th of October?
Hi there fello Ozzie have re tweeted.
One more od tomorrow!!! May God bless us
6.4 Million Views in Just 17 hrs...all time record already..10 million views vachestadi emko 7 hrs lo
Dm if you want to be of help. Thanks
Amen
It's okay to always want more...
Don't ever be satisfied.
It's Too late to fail.
Amen. Keffi
Omg how sweet of you very much appreciated I enjoy tweeting with you too. a lovely soul
Klik : RT OfficialFPL: Be kind to us, Sunday
Who do you need BIG points
howdy. i'm the sheriff of folded hands
Thanks you for working hard for the army and i hope you are always healthy take care go back to korea saranghae
Couple selfie please
Thank you God for another day
Thank you to everyone who came and supported We're onto the finals!
Thank you so much See you next year
THAT feeling of wholeness after class is priceless HOT
Happy birthday Nemanja Vidic
.
.
.
Thank you Stha as a birthday gift please do something about the weather, please!
Sundays Blessing!
Of course I accept it! But I do not follow the way you spoke to me... dont worry..
Forget it please
Just makes me smile ! Xxx grandkids are a wonderful gift.
Kahit good life na lang muna.
And I'll let all the good things follow.
Papakabait na 'ko. Promise.
Amin! Thank you brother
"Maraming salamat ADN.
Thank you for coming home with us Alden &
| IG
Have you seen the Visuals to OTHERSIDE by ?
Click the in my bio to watch The Other Side
Bro kindly delete the tweet. I speak to him. Pls delete na
So sorry for your loss. May she RIP.
Hope the operation succeeds
nim pls
Reunion of GG will make big history. please Lord make it happen!
pls pls pls vote (even if a nah bye) so that ik if we should start one and help RT if you mind as
"RT OfficialFPL: Be kind to us, Sunday
Who do you need BIG points from?
premierleague
Bismillah. Semoga dilancarkan
Amen brother
Watching taeyeon's livestream concert made me more eager to go to her rumored con in Manila hopefully it will be confirm soon
Happy B-day to our legend
Hehehe well look at you. I thank you for this very creative bday wish Ess. Uncle Peej truly appreciates it
Richarlison
Mega PowerStar Ram Charan to Adopt A Village Affected By
my hokage
Okay dear thank you ...my reply
So sweet, thank you
Cc people are already loving it
Oh my??? Really? Get me there now
Only milking, not taste could be enough try ask her just for a quick video!
What a roller coaster this tour has been Thank Jin!! I was laughing from home every concert Im
181021
It's been 52 years since the Aberfan disaster, May those poor kids and adults who died be at peace forever and ever
Thanks Pimp and I drink
Hiiii sorry for not replying immediately, i was busy yesterday and didn't check my account
Thanks
Thank you
Three more to go
Many thanks Dear Ria
Have a wonderful Sunday
Secret Garden -Nocturne
New vlogger right here...link in my bio
Lord, we lift you up everything for our Youthfest this coming November. We can do nothing without you.
say "i love you" so i need to go and meet them.
Cr. Wish Us Luck FB page.
Thank you So beautiful pic
Thank you bro
Thank You for your hardwork Seokjin and the rest member too . Please take care of your health and
PREMIER LEAGUE : RT OfficialFPL: Be kind to us, Sunday
Who do you need BIG points from?
Thank you to everyone who came and supported We're going to the final! One last push!
for following us Kekoa. Keep pushin and enjoy your Sunday! If you haven't already, you can grab
I hope GMF has a hit day and makes AA finals.
S/o McKenzie one of OGs biggest fans!
Finally!!!!
Ada yg GA in fankit CHANBAEK!!!!
wish me luck!
Going online babies! Period free!! Come see me on
Thank you so much for your hardwork po
Mega PowerStar to Adopt A Village Affected By
12/2 for the win
Intha pure love ni sampadhinchadu Darling proud to be a Prabhas fan
Baddie!!
Thank you from the bottom of our hearts for the concert yesterday! We can't find words beautiful
Blessings
Thank you Lord
ADN in your IG wall with Thank you for the spot, Alden.
Good morning world
set the pace for the day
using this time for meditation and reflecting on how
The day has arrived. Sending all the support today to become Champion for a th time!
Just now watched Ratchasan!! Fantastic movie sir! Vera_Level
Thanks so much Hannah. Right back at you
From Matt Cardle's official Instagram - 5 mins ago -
Nobody Director xx
im blessed thanks god
You are welcome
Dean please help by sharing as often as you can
friend thank you for the beautiful picture I love it have a lovely sunday
1992 ( Barselona )
well i hope to see you take care of yourself and be i purple you all.
NAMASTE
"Maraming salamat ADN "
aldenrichards02 ig update
Please release Telugu Dub in Chennai
Waiting to Witness Vijay Mass On-screen
I will, Ijn
Amen
MUERTE A ETA.
Super
Just wait for Lakers chemistry then they will be a dangerous team
Thanks so much Miriam.
Sorry for your sad loss, sending my thoughts your way during this sad time
Congratulations Best wishes
Please
Please
Teary eyed I know God has better plans for me.He knows my heart's desire. I will keep my faith.
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Amen
Thanks so much Maria
Today's Prayer //
on Netbuzz Music: to come: 5
Finally!!!
Ada yg GA in fankit CHANBAEK couple kesayangan guaaa!!!!
Wish me luck!
Thanks so much Ciara
Happy Birthday big bro
God bless you always.
From Matt Cardle's official Instagram - 5 mins ago -
Nobody Director xx
We're hosting fatezzgamebox88 playing DayZ! Be sure to show them some support!
Teach us
I have tears in my eyes
Sunday Quoteday!
Thinking of you and the family pat, your a fighter
Started the day right after delivering the water.
i came, i saw, i CONQUERED!
thank you been a dream.
She is a bitch, asking a married man for a night Plz talk feminists plz.
One of these is going to come in
So beautiful
Thanks so much Carol
You have a message! Like x Share. You have what it takes to create the life you want. Take this message
My costume was I was just breaking out of jail .. why I really get arrested praying for the better
1992 ( Barselona )
Oba Ogunwusi's prophetess wife, Olori Shilekunola Naomi turns Ife palace to Church
Same here :3 hopefully we'll be able to get them within this week? till Friday please
Hey dear, don't be sad!
Sorry, I had your tweet now
Siap pak benson
My deepest apologies to those whom I made borrow airtime from MTN yesterday
Sorry, not my fault. I
Amen
on the look out. Thanks for sharing this. Summer is gone but Summer Zilla
PvA and AWB today please Lacazette tomorrow
You can defeat the odds I believe
please dont take it in heart
it just a bit strange to see hui so tall and sturdy
Airplane is playing while we board and I am now calm cool and collected
Plz love this~>_<
I'm really hoping for all of us... I will pray to the Virgin of or whoever if necessary
Break downs to break through real quick! Thank you po Lord
The east's last hope
Thanks Gillian
Hi - Please keep an eye on Arrival & Departure
I trust & Love you.
a great morning and I am handsome! 2 out of 3 be bad
Thank you somuch
Amen and I will look for your inspiration for a blessed Sunday, dearest friend God
HELP
I got a new rt deals from Please help me reach 862 rts for The Boyz's album I do
Yes, loads of us feel the same. This list is quite controversial again tbh. Don't be sad Noe
Clarity of intent combined with constructive action can bring a dream closer to becoming a reality. Unite Hindus
Welcome back to
No not alone.
when are you going to weigh in on the Lakers Rockets drama? Hope we get a video soon
Amen! You've gotta do an assessment of your starting point, think up
Amen thank you sis! of course sis, mmg dlm ingatan hehehe
Sexy along! 1 day he looks at me beautifully
I dreamt that I bought my first car. I was so happy, my family was so happy Dear God, ready
Amazing huh
9 Minute Sunset at his local bridge. Daytime long exposures are some of his
Thanks so much Dmitry
...She be always doing the most ..happy bday
sana multiple choice ang exam ni sir butch bukas
I'm a vampire, not in a good term with the sun haha I'm trying to improve my healthiness! Thank you yein, please stay healthy
Thanks to you for your amazing performances you truly have the voice of an Angel
Lord, please take away this jealousy and anger that I'm feeling. Take me to a good place.
Thank you, Victoria!
to you too!
The feeling is mutual my friend!!! Yes, Thank you kindly I hope & pray he does come home, but I
Yes please!
Blessed to see another day
Desculpa
Dear Jesus I'm so sorry Pastor Dave May God give you & your family peace & comfort I pray
Vizag REBELS
Thanks so much Claire
Thank you McKenzie!
Financial breakthrough
Sir ne kis Movie ke liye Song Record Kiya hai
Ek Reply
Siap boskuh btw thanks
Yoga: The Endeavour of Bhimasena by Hariprasad N
"help one another"
Subho Bijaya Dashami to all of you and Happy Dussera.
Sorry for the late wish!
Thanks Anne
He shows up for me every single time. God wonderful
Hey Charlie, I watched Season 3 . It's breathtaking . Thank you for your hard work .
We certainly did that yesterday - we fixed everything from a kettle, to a pram to jumpers, bags and cardigans
you for hosting me vbwtk It was such a vibe
Peep this crazy episode titled link in
RAM RAM venerable Didi! as like yours natural hobby to help of those who are genuine
Thanx you !!
Very sad news. to his family, friends, fellow officers & community.
HUG
My phone will not spoil now
Yeah I will thanks
Thank you hyung for your support to me
This week willbe IJN
From Burcin's story bulanmak
Thanks !
S/O pour !
(that's basically all I can write in korean lol still learning)
Listen To The Woman That Was Told To Lie By Liberal Lawyers About Being Raped!
Pray and vote for every
Copy paste
If you want to G.O plz
From Matt Cardle's official Instagram - 5 mins ago -
Nobody Director xx
Donc bon match ce soir et yalla nagnou borom bi meiy ndamm
I need preview fansitenims
Well, thank you very much, Cousin Pons.
Pawalo and Early Dinner
Please please please can you keep me a pack?
Church Flow Konbien Nan Nou Pral Legliz Matin An?
I've been wrong the whole time. Pray for me
Please
Please
My mom just gave me something for it... hopefully be fine soon... thank you for ur concern
Please
Please
Please
Please
Be gentle and kind to yourself, changing and evolving, and amazing and significant just like you
Pic 1: Red Card
Pic 2: Fake Rape case, Fake Tax fraud case
What a player
Here again for a meditation flow
GANIII DBAA IKAW MAN SA DASUN!!!
Please Yesi Post n karey..
BTS Merch for my sisteeeer
Woooppp Blessed again
Bismillah semoga bersahabat
I called the big guy yesterday and he answered the call...don't ever doubt my faith, I'd never doubt yours.
You gat to be willing to pray
U r welcome
no need for the hype you already know.
Tag your friends below
hit like!
I'm so happy you have posted this thank you goddess
Ameeen
Wow. such a sucker for romance that cheesy as shit like this also makes me believe in love again.
How many fans not yet voted ???
Soon VOTE for DEMIGOD
Welcome
Amen brother God bless you always
Right oft to do battle with the Granny brigade, wish me luck
Take me to church Sunday is praying day
Happy Sunday Common Have a Blossom day for you as well. Keep the blessings going
The editor is legit
of India
I'll have to cut all - understand !
I want as
I pray on airplanes
Donee, wish me luck
KOHHH I REALLY WANT TO MEET JONG SUK GIVE ME A CHANCE PLEASEE GOMAWO IF YOU LET ME WIN THIS GIVE
chepthe cheyakapodama....
Bonding forever and ever
could you arrange to televise these games live, and not just a "highlights" program on sbs next time, Tommo? Please?
Good Morning Marlene! Hope all is well for you my friend. Have a Blessed day.
Thy will be done!
Subho Bijaya Dashami to all of you and Happy Dussera.
Sorry for the late wish!
$TRX
Always grateful
.@GeoffArsenal long shot mate but desperate for a ticket to arse v spurs dec 2nd. Big gooner from Aus. Please help if poss
If you have no reason to thank God, remember you have been drinking sachet water you don't know their sources, and you are still standing.
Happiness that last.
Damn, that was kinda mean. Sorry
Mine help comes from you who made earth
Your support is imperative continue to give her your love
premierleague: RT OfficialFPL: Be kind to us, Sunday
Who do you need BIG points from?
Good mood please be consistent
Muito tranquilo
am here waiting for the 100th
Please
AND WE DROPPED BACK TO HELP VOTEEE watch 10 ads to gain 10 votes!!
-
Can we hope for BlackLyz next comeback?
please may I have access to the
Pleaseeeee !
, . .
.
Drake n Tory is so gon b litty.rii hope it happens
2100014985
Uba bank
Thanks in advance sir
Seeeeen thanksssss.
Thanks for your
Today we are launching
hope it get us to the knockouts n top of the league come new year
21/10/18
Good morning for Sunday...
Sometimes crisis brings out the best in us
We give more and add a solid
congratulations bro god bless him
Wish you the best of luck for the rest of the season. Respect.
Congratulations guys, stay happy.
Thank you!
Can someone give me a hand please? im so sleepy
So blessed
I can't think anymore.. I'm very confused !!
What should I do ?
How can I take a decision ?
God , help me please
First time in the history (lol). I hope it will last until 25th because of kdrama and variety shows
pinepredict ko ung mangyayari bukas. Pero sabi nga ni Lord, "Don't worry about tomorrow. Let tomorrow worries itself."
Kapit! Tiwala!
First time in the history (lol). I hope it will last until 25th because of kdrama and variety shows
Stream Serendipity MV everyday
Kingdom come should be included for RedmarePH setlist!
Orh Chkl....
will edit for money
Need to buy Supreme
Let me be with you
My mom takes away all my anxieties Blessed to have you Mommy
Wish me luck kk
Congratulations bro god bless her
SaChaeng
God bless you sir!! May the grace upon your life never diminish
Please
Please
a true Boilermaker!
Thanks same to you
2019 New house, New Car , trips , and Whole Lotta New money in Jesus name been claimed amen
Finding new admins!!
Happy birthday yahoosoja May you continue to shine God bless you and your family Lagos, Nigeria
Any thing, any time, any how...the sooner the better!!
Sebelum nya Congratulations kak
And thanks udah ngadain GA, wish me luck
I'm done follow kk ,ig
Once again saved by the med card shits priceless
Bring back Sash Sergeant, please
Thank-you for prompt response. Now let the law take its toll course!
If you going to this morning please pray for me..
he's one of us
Aretha
oh mYGDG pls let it be him
look at this fabulous. I can't believe it's just drawing
Art By :
im so proud bc we have a best leader in the world ..
RT Sunday Quoteday!
tabe' om boleh minta tolong followback
Father, son (taking the picture) and the Holy Ghost
BIG WISHES
CAN CHANGE WITH THE OFFICIAL ONE :')
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH
THANK YOU FOR EVERYTHING
Great analysis! Looking forward to other projects you follow
Thanks for the memories
been emotional
I love you and your dimples Praying for you
They are our prophet bless
Amen
Thanks
BIG WISHES
CAN CHANGE WITH THE OFFICIAL ONE :')
Dun worry we r army... Behind the scene cross my finger that i dont choose incorrect
Thank You Dear , Supporters
Reached 9k+Followers
:)
Religious
be safe
Evlat Baba'dan Hayat
Since no babe will drop line for me.
I need a breakthrough for myself
je suis sur conversations omg thank God for opening my eyes
the K
DJ.
GOD IS POWERFUL
Handsomeeeeeeee hope i will get to see you when you come Singapore
Thank You My Dear fans, Friends & My Supporters
Reached 6k Followers
hopefully next or next next year
HE will surely provide.
I am safe! In the shadow of your wings
Thanks
you and those tear drop quads need to bring your stand up to Australia PLEASE just Try... T R Y .. for your Aussie babies
ELMONIQUE
so not getting over this Daddy
is it December yet!!
nd here goes the award ..
Lord, thank you.
Thank you for allowing us to come home
Wish me luck kk
See you.
Congratulations
Just pray
Please
Please
Please
just completed 11 minutes 25 seconds of meditation with *metta*
Oba prophetess wife, Olori Shilekunola Naomi turns Ife palace to Church
Amin
Greater heights
Any Day Craze >>> Any One
PK Disaster Movies >> Others Blockbuster Films
Most Viewed Hindi dub
Promise ME ~U~ will never make ME watch the titanic
my fucking boy wait to see you what you got in store for Escape
Father Can You Hear Me We Need Your Love Today
Bus na kami. God, bless our trip.
Bless your name do everything for the glory of god worry hallelujah mighty god said Amen Harnett County,
My nigga
I heard what happened to your 6P. E dey pain me gaan
Birla mandir
welcome
I've Been Putting In That Work On My Solo Project.
So sad. RIP and God please comfort his family
Thanks so much for your support!! I truly appreciate it so much!!!!
Omg! Thank you so much !
Birla mandir
please let it be him he deserves it so much... to showcase THAT one talent of him
Please
Please
Please
Please Storm Relief
Do me a favor and subscribe to my channel
Please
Please
Please
Please Storm Relief
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Good evening.
Can I be added to the list ?
GREATEST PLAYER OF ALL TIME
Eat chocolate.. Or ice cream.. Don't think too much.. Hope you'll feel better soon
Thanks Frazer!
You deserved to win
Hanuman mandir
Oba prophetess wife, Olori Shilekunola Naomi turns Ife palace to Church
Seek blessings from a great devotee like your wife sir. women like her r true heroes of movement.
Congratulations . Wishing you and Pres Elect Ibrahim M Solih a Bright and Prosperous 5 years .
Bro share this on your Facebook page this message should reach more and please put these tag in
5yo is doing yoga at school. just told the 1yo at the lunch table with most beatific face & . I stop laughing.
RT OfficialFPL: Be kind to us, Sunday
Who do you need BIG points from?
Hi Jackelyn, we are terribly sorry to keep you waiting. How can we assist you here? -Dody
Birla mandir
Bro share this on your Facebook page and please put these tag in your Sabrimala video
sabrimala,
Literally every commission I've had since starting 2 months ago have been from people like this, blessed
X FAVOR, NUNCA ESCUCHE TANTA GANZADA JUNTA. ES LA NATURALEZA Y NO SE UDS. PERO TANTO MI PADRE COMO
Anyway, hope everyone be safe please
Off to Knysna with khaya_dladla Sunday Cape Town International Airport
Father lord god almighty U a lone disses in my heart U alone U alone U alone........ thanks U Jesus fr
I haven't seen Episode 2 yet...but I really hope Hiram Lodge gets payback for all his wrong doings....
Thank you God for Health
Plz if agree .......
Amen thank you
Bro share this on your Facebook page
and please put these tag in your Sabrimala video
sabrimala,
Father God let me b as rich as people think i am IJN. Amin
Thank u so much !! happy with this one !!!!
Happy Sunday. Comment just a bible chapter/verse to keep your heart in check.
Trick or treating at n the park!! Thanks International Women's Club of Turin
I need another 60+ likes for me to get an A! Help a student out. Thank you
Clothe for a cause was a huge success. We thank everyone that came through. May the odds always be in your favor.
So so beautiful. Many Thanks Dear Ria
you and should do a scene together. Vag and balls deep anal creampie
Peace be with you!
Help in on the way x
Please, this one ?
I have my Shawn Mendes concert, on/in March of the next year and it would
Please
Please
Please
Man with Golden Heart
Goodmorning Everyone
(Reply Back If Active)
Knows How To Remind You That He Lives Within You. When You Feel Your Light Isn't Shining At
St. Noel Chabanel retreat 2018.
Clothe for a cause was a huge success. We thank everyone that came through. May the odds always be in your favor.
To grow your faith, u need problems. Problems are God's way of us turning to him. You have to truly, completely
both of them
Tell me this real
Must see 'HetaChain Twitter Official has reached over 30,000 followers.
Thank you all for
Good Morning Everyone!
Happy Sunday
Never stop believing, God can change things very quickly in your life. Amen.
Where did we go wrong praying for you too sis
I'd take that. Love LA. Don't want it to be FGL
Oba prophetess wife, Olori Shilekunola Naomi turns Ife palace to Church
Okay so maybe I did just binge watch all of the mind of Jake Paul until 4 am whoops Great series though
Can anyone help an out and tell me where I can watch American football in today? near the
inang announcement na po please
God will bless both of us
Clothe for a cause was a huge success. We thank everyone that came through. May the odds always be in your favor.
Amen
Okay Lang iyan we're so proud of you.
Toyota Camry LE also for sale. Hit me up for details. Help RT, my buyers are on your TL.
Hahaha thank you for this
I. P
Ohh Joyeux anniversaire poto More Life
Clothe for a cause was a huge success. We thank everyone that came through. May the odds always be in your favor.
Done in the Milestone List:
Lot
Car
Share This Verse -
Sum up last week activities. Blessed
Been wishing too
I'm so happy today. Thankyou Lord
Please
Please
Please
Please Lily's Bee in
Bangla saheb
We are so sorry for your loss... We hope our Chewbacca finds Snoops over the rainbow bridge
Please
Please
Please
Please Sam Callahan
A few thoughts on
Bravooo
Haha
What a roller coaster this tour has been Thank you Jin!! I was laughing from home every concert
Please
Please
Please
Please Sam Callahan
Baby's out. Thanks G.
EL PODER DE ORAR DE MADRUGADA 3 CLAVES PARA RECIBIR UN MILAGRO URGE...
On my way to church
Respect
Thanks brother
Stay woke
Title: Purple Reign
Artist: Cardi_Purp
Date:22Oct2018
God ehhhhhh he do everything
WHERE IS Gendreau
Missing Sep 17, 2018
Lawrence, KS
DOB Mar 31, 2005
Age 13
Sex
WHERE IS Gendreau
Missing Sep 17, 2018
Lawrence, KS
DOB Nov 22, 2002
Age 15
Sex
Selamat maghrib, tweeps
No one can say he don't need his hand neither can a river ignore it's source, so also can I push God
Thankyou John
Follback? Thanks
Petition
HELP US SAVE HER!
Great idea- thanks xx
And goodluck for tomorrow's results!! Wishing you the best
MAY out by Thursday, gone by Friday !?! couldn't come soon enough!
Before I sleep I talk to God
sad! I hope they catch the jerk that did this! Praying for recovery and the
Hello, this is my official twitter account. Thank you for your support in 2018. Please keep praying for me.
That's it from my side. I will do few more tweets later. I have to go now !
No matter hashtag comes to
Happy belated birthday, mbak. May wisdom and peace be poured upon you always
Bangla saheb
Yeah you have a very valid point and I agree to that, hence my apology in the previous tweet but it really is sad
We all know what we want to see tonight!
Support your favorite
Send Tokens to
Buy Here
Ich hoffe es auch so sehr, dass er endlich weg ist
Finally
Please shower the with your love& Blessings
Finally
Please shower the with your love& Blessings
May his soul Rest In Peace
Oh apologies
I was just saying that there's another person up there that goes to the same church as you.
Sunday Restday feels
Sarap matulog
Thank you lord
I fully trust you, God!
my ratings are generated randomly. am not responsible for the results
Congrats, Madison!
Can you invent 'My Mattress' now? Please I love
to go and buy one but oh well
Please
Please
Please
Happy Sunday ! Have a good week my loves !
Bangla saheb
Please don't We don't want you tweeting with some mageza's blood on your hands... di passenger
Richardlison and
Please make me proud
Please
Please
Please
Thankyou legend
Great supporting We have a lunch also RT as need to sell this out for Kidney
Bangla saheb
Please
Please
Please
God bless thanks bro
Congratulations
and
Wish to you...
Bangla saheb
Thank you, Lord
Clothe for a cause was a huge success. We thank everyone that came through. May the odds always be in your favor.
Merci
Please
Please
Please
Sir share this on your Facebook page
and please put these tag in your Sabrimala video
sabrimala,
It's too cold & it's too early to wake up rn. Gotta get through today and I have 3 days off.
Context, please...
Bon app
Sir share this on your Facebook page
and please put these tag in your Sabrimala video
sabrimala,
Phil 4:19
And my God will meet all your needs according to his glorious riches in Christ Jesus.
Promises made, promises kept
Please
Please
Please
Wowww !!!! It Was Amazing
Lots Of Love
Congratulations
I was Hanuman mandir it was very nice place
Retouch
.
Link :
.
at Holy Family Parish Maguikay Mandaue City
Praying for you
Hanuman mandir
Please
Please
Please
Por favor, no congele las vistas esta vez
Cr.
yey congrats marielle more blessing pa yan
he had a schedule back 180811
simba w/ brother & tin
Best of luck for this special journey together and a new phase of life Tera aa Blood goriye,
Please
Please
Please
Seat No.16 claim ko na, swerte seat no. ko
This Is beautiful. He definitely wears his heart on his sleeve
Amen
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please Centenary
Bismillah wish me luck
This is great. Thank you.
Have you any plans to install a permanent Or
Please
Please
Please
Striving hard by will i shall triumph
wish me luck this year
That's Sure
So so so happy for you guys stay blessed and wishing you the happiest marriage
Basireddy will live on
Emanna chesava asalu
Let's dance I like
Please
Please
Please
Tony Sir please me today is my birthday please wish me
dm yaa
Please be real.
Counting on God for a miracle before the month ends. He never fails
Let us wish together!
Here's to wishing we get to see them in person.
Yay thank you at least now I know you are neutral this season thanks boo
Birthday wishes sister God bless your new age
Badhai ho sir.
Lots of wishes and heartiest congratulations to the entire family.
hope and pray
I should have waited for the ASIA tour but oh well...soon again
SHEFFIELD ON SUNDAY BC IM AT SCHOOL ALL WEEK AND IM IN LONDON ON SATURDAY
Merci (la suite arrive...)
Best wishes n power to you !!!!
?? ?? (*
sexy
We shall
Richarlison and Maddison
I hope I see homegirl at work today it would be lit
horrifying... that it catches up with the guilty...
There is another story dt explains how Lord Kartikeyan was born....
Proudly we are Hindu terrorists sir.. Everything to defend our Dharma to save our culture
Swami Saranam
still trending
More love More grace Eko Hotel And Suites Victoria Island Lagos
may God be with us ugma
"Thank you ADN. "
Ganda ng shot
leysam17 ig update
God bless you prince
I've done it millionth time before and I'll vote again and again Let's get the award home
Get well soon, Leo Messi. Absolutely devastating news
Thank you Church at 10:00
Thanks
Boleh swatch mayb toasted brown gak? -ns
Thank you
Well played bahot aaj a well deserved
I'm loyal sir
Eh follow back sir. .
vc me faz felizzzz de mais
my TIME to shine, all GLORY be to God. This week shall be our week of Testimonies. AMEN
MONBEBE'S PLEASE we need more volunteers to request in Radio Stations
Comment if you want to
About the story of my life POR FAVOR
1776
realDonaldTrump SIGNALS SUPPORT FOR IRANIAN POPULIST MOVEMENT
I reached 1.000 followers!!!!!!
Thousand thanks!!!!
Clothe for a cause was a huge success. We thank everyone that came through. May the odds always be in your favor.
I'm Overwhelmed For Your Wishes
Thanks God . Special thanks to Ms. KRiz Tin. One more step ahead, guide me Lord. To God be the Glory. feeling thankful
Looking thru applying for visa to
Thanks
Clothe for a cause was a huge success. We thank everyone that came through. May the odds always be in your favor.
amen
appreciate your reconsideration.
Clothe for a cause was a huge success. We thank everyone that came through. May the odds always be in your favor.
Please
Please
Please
Welcome
UN3 ended at 100% Thank you Lord!!!
Muchas gracias
Lovely couple still my dream for you guys to end up together
leysam17
im finally getting a fridge today
artistically defined:
*C-a musical
*ope- to open
to Cope listening to Maxwell
great work
Gurudwara rakahb ganj saheb
Puri Shankaracharya jis amazing reply during Q&A. With English subtitles
Should we follow our
Zor spas
This is SO sweet
Maria Scors
Amazing Picture! Thanks Ronnie for sharing and I hope you don't mind, I had to share too!
Ah.. guru
Meeting someone that you know is meant to be in your life is a blessing
Alhamdulilah
I'm having fun Shoukat on MeMe Live. Come and join us! liveRoomType = 4
Amen
Valideyle chill ...
okay, nice game plan! hoping for no unexpected shit to happen until may 2019
Off to padre pio with cousins and boyfie
I love you too even I'm not there with you
Arab army's from Saudi Arabia
Pray for Taiwan
Today is the day, that the lord has made.. let us rejoice, and be glad in it.. Athletes: this is a great day for reflection..
I need a video of ong and jihoon play with max together plsss..
Physical science Labs via
Please donate today
Thank you
Ukranian ethnic pattern embroidery handmade welcome
Please
Please
Please
Please "PUDGE"needs
Please
Please
)
I really enjoyed it!! So I think u probably will too!! Aw bless you, thanks!!
Congratulations brother
Please
Please
Please
Please "PUDGE"needs
-agc 135rb dapet semua minat reply nanti aku dm
He is doing the work of the
Get yourself a man who look at you like Perth looks at Saint.....
photo cr
You're doing God's work
Please
Please
)
Amen
Please
Please
Please
Please
I wish to have new set of clothes
It's the fic I've reread the most times of all my got7 fics and I'm grateful for it
For a minute so did I but man oh man, we were Completely blown away with those
Get it out there anytime most welcome
Semoga rezekinya
help me decide guys vote kau sa poll below pls
Thanx 4 d love
Please
Please
Please
Saw this today and gotta day thanks for all your support everyone!
You really are mars! Goodluck sa finals!
Good morning everyone Heading to another Eagles game today Praying by kickoff time Buddy is Home with you
May you find comfort in sweet memories
Fancams from
a thread
cr. to the righful owner, i just want to collect them
Please
Please
Please
Amen I said my prayers a little while ago. Will continue
Hi sweet Isa TYSM to you too
Please keep Jaxon and Freddie in your prayers today, who were baptised in church this lunchtime.
Please
Please
Please
all i need is solemn prayer para bukas
Thank you
tryna get to 5-2
Jgh,blessed sunday
The student becomes the teacher namaste.
Wish me luck
Mau follbacknya
2019 will be my year
leysam17 IG post | "Thanks you ADN.
Thanks G !
Happy Sunday folks!
I
*****
Can I come with you next time?
All deserved broooo
May I help you dig Mr President
My Mom Wanted Me To Rest Today But Getting Up For Church God Has Been So Good To Me
Anybody out there with connections?
Send us,
Please send us
.@Desiree_Laverne
Such an awesome
My heart aches for the family and your Department! for all!!
a Mty
je pensais pas allait le lire
My Boss Always Super
Wan-Bissaka, Richarlison & Zaha needed for my H2H
How very kind! Danke!
Hello, janejane! I wish you a wonderful day! Yay!
Asiqq 285 wml
Richarlison and Wan Bissaka to get a hat trick each please anything less will not save my GW
Wake Up , Thank God Make Boss Moves Stay Prayed Up Stay Strong and Always be Genuine
I can't appreciate you enough sir for taking such trouble to help the nation solve it's greatest problem
I speak your name to God kasi ikaw yung greatest blessing ko. - Accountancy Guy omg sino ka ba? but thank youuuu
Will you be doing audiobooks for the Messi & Ronaldo books
Mam
Update about pls
No idea what that is but I apologize maam
My Aza shall be updated ijn 3034140881 first bank
friends! have a most blessed sunday stay strong Be Positive
Getting messages from people is so much proof
May the Lord help you
I am proud of you my dear even if I know you officially. More grease to your elbow
Blood required 20 Units
Gurudwara rakahb ganj saheb
Ingat Kathryn my love sa taping mo.
The spirit in which Islamic Extremists operate is the evil. We must pray for their deliverance. Blessings and peace to You!
Thanking God on ur behalf too
amen
Yes, vote RED for Martha McSally
Thanks
AAMIIN
Aammiinn kak westy, makasih doanya
Me too please
ig namnung.p
21 Ekim 1999
Minnet, Rahmetle
in remission thank god x
fans from
Y'all. I can't.
.
.
.
Can't even talk about it
.
.
Today. My demise
.
.
.
It is inevitable
.
.
Y'all
Happy Sunday and god bless
He is amazing, sexy and beautiful
Ukranian ethnic pattern embroidery handmade welcome
Please
Please
Please
Please T-BIRD &
Hi please explain me the hashtag I don't understand Arabic.. please translate in English
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please T-BIRD &
Please
Please
Please
Please
1st Sunday morning ALONE
reading barbgold33 then the audio Bordeaux, France
Please
Alleged devotees
Swamy Sharanam
Oh really, my bad, good luck then, Inshallah you pass with flying colours and I need to stop thinking
Okay, noted
fans from Rajampet, Kadapa
Amen
Good morning
Ah man well.... There's always other fish in the sea
Pray for us
Wish me luck kk
Julio pitched on no rest and with heavy heart last night to help Dodgers win
Thank you
Blessed Sunday with this girls
Thanks for today.
and HBD once again ett
Finally
Exo ver.2
Match day
Can't wait for my baby to come home
thanks for the follow
Ahem...Ros? Ros? Over to you Ros
Excellent Tessa
Ram Charan
kal
Gosh just now. Thank you Lei! God bless One Dawin is enough hihihi.
Afternoon my babe have a good one too!
Lord protect me
Fanmade Poster
Credits Goes to That Editor
Happy Sunday my loves A short of the Leather dress I did on my
Hadi
RT Manasena_: To all Kalyan fans
1.Turn On PawanKalyan Tweet Notifications
2. Retweet Every Tweet
3. our
GM. HAPPY SUNDAY New York, New York
How is Uma aunty, Sarada paati Hope doing well
& Special hugs to Pups
thank u!
i couldn't watch some amf dj set in this morning, but i will listen it from you!
cr. NING2PB
God save the King please
Get well soon
Love you
beautiful roses, thank you sir. My eyes and heart very happy...World is
Most epic trip yet. Kenya Masai Mara
Perfect! Going to give it a go today, thank you
Lily bug got up at 5 30 burning up with 103.7 temp praying she feels better soon and that I can get plane tickets money back tomorrow
In summary:
Lossl/Hamer at 8.4m
Schindler 4.3m
Durm
Pritchard
Depoitre
I know, Chris starts his treatment soon, my brother just hoping for the same outcome x
Save me, savior of the world
Facts man I wait to compete! We gotta play sometime
Houston, Tx Fan They Showed Ya Boi So Much Support
Sweet kittie waiting for you
New day new blessings
Amen
Happiest ever been. God gave me you
JESSRIEL x MAYWARD
Blood Donation Camp, Gajuwaka, Vizag
Rest in peace Jerry Dladla
May your team continue with what you started.
An entrepreneur with vision
about how I am for new beginnings. They are and at first, but after some I just feel
B.Ed.tet2011(UP) hmlogo k mudde par b4 karia.apne kahe Vade pure karia
Have a lovely Sunday dear sweet gal and a blessed week full of Love dear!!
You too Paul
Sachi
Thankful
Back to the game walang kainan tomorrow
Bismillah the saem
really, nunaaaa? whoa, thank you in advance!!
To grow your faith, u need problems. Problems are God's way of us turning to Him. You have to truly, completely
Please remember me
0231788324
Odutuyo Oluwatayo Stephen
Wema Bank
Lmaoooo... I remove you from this mention in Jesus name!!
PEACE and HAPPINESS
Financial breakthrough
I think God needed us to lose so Tyler could enjoy this moment.
Congratulation to both of you wedding Sendy and Noy, wish you a very happy ending forever and after God bless you 2
Fabella. Pinakamalapit na LRT station is Doroteo Jose. Thanks
Thanks my dear ..
You are so kind and sweet ... thanks Blessed day for you Friend.. t c
Ne changes pas
Thank you Tom, see you soon pal
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please Please
This is what I get from knowing you for more than 1 year
You are so nice & lovely Thank you so much You always be the best teammate Marc will
Success Meet Ni Audio Function Range Lo Chestunnaru
Garu Meeku Dandalayya
Please
Please
Please
Please Please
Add those above tags which I mentioned in your sabri video
Copy exactly those tags and paste it
Souvenirs from Korea Thank you very much.
Just got word my family was rescued late last night..
thank you so much dear Junko
have a beautiful Sunday
Keeping my fingers crossed Seriously though I feel like they put 2 PCs of him in a staple of 1000 albums haha
Ur ank is ugly n will forever alone... Pray for my love life... The times will come inshaAllah
This is damn precious pic! Cutest Mama - Bhanja . God bless you both!
Idol !
I attest to that
Only FOOLS would fall for something like this!!!
CALIFORNIA, WAKE UP AND TAKE YOUR STATE BACK!!!
*
G-DRAGON & T.O.P
RT
Super sweet my friend ! Thank you
Supreme court ge ninmumakee emme fahuge ninmun supreme court ge ninmumah furihamayah ikhuthiram kuran.. jai hind
ULTIMATE CHILL ALBUM KHALID I LOVE YOU
Good Morning Patriots
Wishing you a blessed Sunday & a bright New Day
Good afternoon guys
Hooe you are all having a lovely Sunday
My mum is reading, Sarah is planning lessons and I
May God watch over our LEOs and first responders,keep them safe
I give love and I am surrounded by love and I thank God for that
You have a point! All we can do is for them!
you my child
Playing with Viewers, if you wanna get picked up turn into the stream and just type in chat!
Man this looks good
I think admin is saving the best for the last
Lord please forgive me for reading this in my head
Happy birthday
More life ! More of God grace
Continue to prosper
Since 4th of October is yet to tweet, that's rare..
Hope she's okay
thankful
God bless us
Thank you so much for trusting
thank you lord for another blessing.
Good things do happen. Just believe
Jai dada parshuram
hi guys! When do you start serving your mulled wine again?
Amen
Did anyone read this?? Review please?
" Please think about it. We will be truly grateful , if you able to do this."- A common
tomorrow's the day
Omg calm down. I hope you are now okay
I Know Y'all HATER'S are Watching. Have a seat cuzAm doing Just Fine. A Star is
Good luck girl. Safe recovery
The gospel reminded us that like God we should also came to serve, not to be served.
How To Do Sales Calls | 10 Great Cold Calling Tips To Improve Your Close Rate
Who knew be blessed so early in the morning???
Ameen, thank you
want any of those pleaseee from the Philippines thanks gurl! very kind of you
Happy birthday to you wishing you long life and prosperity and good health
Well going to instagram right now .... THANKS FOR TELLING ME IM VERY GRATEFUL!! Much LOVE
*
SOL D-LITE V.I
RT
Awww thank you po
I was Like This Be Fr Tho this person snapped you see this mom
You could have been Greek or Italian in your previous life, as you always cooking with such a great passion
a_upmarket
phooone call
follow everyone who LIKES and RTs this
Please
Follow me
Today's gospel reminded me that like God we should also came to serve, not to be served.
Lord help this season and my
Wise words sir
I pray for her and your family GOD BE WITH YOU
follow me back
Hope can see it soon
Thank you I pray they listen
Thanks
godbless the kr translators
Hello, I just wanna trade them within INA sorry
Oh no, it wasn't to you. I'm sorry it read that way
Carry me along with you please
Football back please !!!
Thanks
Please
Please
Please. Read. It. CAREFULLY.
Please
Please
Please
Please A Driver In
wow super
Please
Please
Please
Please A Driver In
May Allah allow and ease my journey to further my studies in Master later if ada rezeki amin
notice me, please babe
say hi to my friend Sriram he is big fan of yours
Done, please let me win the giveaway
You are guys are doing a great job please play me Ajebota by thank you
2wins games today
Halala compassion ultime
dancehallnavigator1 Have a great day people x rugunationgussy
.
The main events on the recent 3 shows in Ryogoku have all been disappointing. BJW's Ryogokutan 2018 is next. Please don't let me down.
Amen
Everything is gonna be alright!
My fear stand a chance when I stand in love
He looked beyond my fault and saw my need... Amazing Grace
Ja Ja Ja Ja
2018
Jgh
That we and our boys got separated from it ... Jesus hallelujah.. praise the lord ... Amen
You look great as always
Please
Di nako ma'imagine ang 4 days extension nga dapat nako i'serve this week kay enrolment na. Enough strength from you Lord
Our 2nd "veva" together Thank you so much guuuuys!! Next year na pud puhooooon
(sorry na sa among jwu faces )
Have a great day people x
.
Have a blessed sunday
.
.
Dani-bea-ly and kiefly - thirbea in one frame
Wish me luck ya Allah
Thank you
Daily morning nuggets from our wise sage, Ebele the First
I believe in the power of RT's
Post Malone - Better now
:.
So off to India for 10days Excited about new adventures but also very Nervous about the I
Good Morning Everyone have a positive and blessed Sunday
what did i do to have u dad? thank u for spoiling me alot! I ask for more im beyond blessed
You are too KIND !! Thank you!! And nothing short of amazing yourself !! thanks for all
I told you so Mamu Congratulations!
new member of the fam
welcome to the world baby Jayden Glory to God!!
Omo iya mi, whatever situation you are going ma
Enough sleep and rest ang kailangan sa exam be stress kaya mo yan good luck and God bless
What an amazing dream tho if only it was real
amen for that....oh please let it happen...
Thinking of it now it make me crazy.........
had an amazing time. Please come back in 2019! 2 years is too long to wait
Pls tweet when people get their belongings too
This smashed it at
MISSING DOGGY
PLEASE RT TO SAVE MY FRIEND'S DOG
(around Neptune St. Gordon Heights, Olongapo City)
Inspirational prayer
Richarlison
Oh thank you appreciated
Wadee na
nothing but positivity this week, please.
G thanks
helloo !! im looking for stray kids fansite for all members. pls comment if you know thank you
Bom dia aos amigos nos arredores do mundo do twitter
What a beautiful scene, thank you
Please Support India
I hope he is not feeling lonely anymore
We are so proud!! Congrats to are boys for winning the gold and silver thank you god for winning them!!
C,mon blues 3 points today please
Our 2nd "veva" together Thank you so much guuuuys!! Next year na pud puhooooon
(sorry na sa among jwu faces )
we proud of our Saudi gov. so we support them. always . nothing will stop us
Amen beautiful psalm and picture
Help RT please
printilan
Harga DM
Thank you
Gd evening Tomorrow is my birthday mam blessings me mam
Thanks Wayne
Praying for your family!
Thank you for all the retweets guys. Hopefully I'll add on to this thread some good news soon.
Food is the only comfort in this life of stress.
Mum made me dis.
TGFAD Sunday
71 years, every generation was fooled by telling them, that Nehru was first PM of India.
Netaji
Subhash Chandra Bose
Please lang jud above 85 aking philo
The very exact words for what I'm feeling right now.
Good morning I wanna say thank you to everyone that viewed this video You just hit 1k today
keep support
Top of the morning CashApp ready ? and is trying to get BLESSED ?
Please listen and enjoy
It was supposed to be 'secret', no? Anyways congrats, thank God you didn't choose December
Rank is catching up so so fast, please, if you have time to spare, vote.
Bro bruh broooo pls I beg you
Take it easy
Please
Please
Productive day pls.
Good Morning All Praises to The Most High
Please
Please
BMW M8 Concept key
Please
Please
in EUROPE
DO NOT CROP MY LOGO / ID
Beautiful, thanks for sharing Starshine
Gratitude Blessed ~
Goddess Quan Yin
Oxe! Dermiliiveee. Quero minha longe daquele inferno forever!
RT Please
Please
Thanks for the peri tee
omg some hos this feels praying for you
Many thanks
Thank you
Thanks dear friend
By/ Evelin Saul
Rt/
please say hi to my friend Sriram he is big fan of yours
Ah thank you
Our 2nd "veva" together Thank you so much guuuuys!! Next year na pud puhooooon
(sorry na sa among jwu faces )
Catching up on the
Robbie: can I just say it was lovely for Simon to be there BY PHONE
Amen
Kan bala'e. Thank God for comment readers association da na fada' ciki
wahh gue spoiler yak.? sorry
, You are the Icon for many girls like me Always proud to be your Fan
Happy birthday _ninarobertson Love you queen!
Cto: Nina Robertson
Happy birthday Dato' the nation's forever king of superseries. Wish you speedy recovery
People who love KM should know Capture km so well
Mission accomplished
Ty
Tix please
Lord be with this woman gunna lose her house, car, everything because of my child
Thanks dear
Gmorning for you babe. Have a nice day. It will be my day if you notice me
Thank You Lord
not a single book single man worship, through word
1 hour passed by Really need to get flight sorted to reschedule all the accommodations. Please
Without I will miss out on my weekly aka Harry Polson fix Hope to see him back on my screen soon!
huhu still dont have any iKON merch so ty for thisss
OMG! You have to see this. > SHARE N TAPLOVE SUPORT ME UP LEVEL.
Hi my kind hearted lovely lady.!
Amen
you read that it your
So many teachable moments come from talking with
Look at the not swing at all and just hold a player back
Konbat please
This work is already in progress and all the feedback I've gotten so far is amazing so stay tuned!
please say hi to my friend Sriram he is big fan of yours
Awake
Blessed
Grateful
Good Morning!
To encourage him only
Thanks for all the entertainment big man
Atty. Malay mo, he had spotted you already before he made the approach. I mean, sinadya niya yun
He's eating good and he's slowly coming back to sns
naisss, thx
Thanks for keeping me around
Please tell me those are mostly supporters.
Senseless loss. Truly sorry.
Sending my thoughts & prayers from Japan
Ticketing for burn the stage the movie tomorrow
Hoping she recovers soon. She's in my prayers and thoughts...
Thank you for sharing to us this lovely pix of and your kiddo
please say hi to my friend Sriram he is big fan of yours
Amen
Avahah Vadainnavaa Brother, Blue Cappuccino Ga Innaanan Coffee Eh Hifain
Hello my beautiful children I wish you a wonderful day I send you a lot of love and blessings
Hey Alice! Do you have a videographer? I would love to make some videos for you at your shows
Focus On What's Important!
Focus On Plan For Your Life And Those Things He Has Placed On Your
my prayer for that kid also thanks for liking daniel, i hope she recovers soon & live happily
Realt awesome experience... really a great personality.... respect
mam please.... reply......
please say hi to my friend Sriram he is big fan of yours
I know that I can make it.
I know that I can stand.
No matter what may come my way...
My life is in Your hands.
I want to say a huge THANK YOU to everyone that came out to support myself and Cllr David Greenhalgh
Video shoot today thank God for another productive day
BJP Delhi State General Secretary's Shree Kuljeet Singh Chahal.
No not you just some sort of sarcasm with my friends know better... sorry you got tagged
Same!
Please
Whoever he is must be punished.
Gotta be comfortable dude
Congratulations, Gee! blessings
mam please.... reply......
Beber e fumar
me too ! my all time fave drama i heard he will be coming out with new reply installment next year ~ i hope it is true
Ben ARAS for
Please
prayers for a safe trip as we drive across the country
Good morning with blessings my friend for your beautiful Sunday!
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Pen Marchinanta Easy Gaa Lovers Ni Marchestunnaru Ee Kalam Ammailu
Thank you for your hard work
Exam week~! Wohooo, I can do this!
Get there
Clothe for a cause was a huge success. We thank everyone that came through. May the odds always be in your favor.
hey could you help me finding a ticket for amsterdam show tomorrow please
You're very welcome Nudger! I thought this would catch your
Namo Quan Shi Yin Pusa
Two of the most respected of our generation.
3 years ago we were the right people in the wrong time
. This is sad but what a great night for Tyler.
Thanks a lot
So heartbroken to read Nigel has passed. Condolences and prayers for you and your family. ,
Father, thank You for Your light. May this light shine in us so others may also be satisfied. Amen.
This takes gaming to a whole new level
DUA said possibly.... waaahhh I really hope that an MV..
Merci beaucoup
Ah there hopefully will be a next time
Good going Sihle!
Praying for all of them to be released soon! Please also add her picture. She is
I'm having fun Shoukat on MeMe Live. Come and join us! liveRoomType = 4
Melihat ini
RIP officer Toney
Ffs announce friendlies.
Enjoy the night brodie. If u need anything, lmk.
Tag akuw
Cancersucks
I guess a nigga just BELIEVE in ya. PROOF for ya
Organ donation by women is more than men.
Mass celebrations
katthi pattukunna katthila unnadu
Thx Boomer. They're hanging in there. I hope and pray you're ok
Tito Lhar is ADN.
Leysam is always gracious.
is always beautiful and full of surprises. ADN is
Thank you very much. And I hope you invite me on one of your podcasts
Z Himself Did
Thank U Somuch
Thankyou for your unwavering support
Thanks with gratitude
still believe I managed to secure tickets for the Beautiful Trauma Tour Liverpool 2019! I am never normally that lucky
Good evening please have a wonderful Sunday
7plus or 8plus. Please!
Thanks. Just keep spreading the message.. it will be heard soon
See? I didn't know that!! :D Thank you
Also... wondering if this could still be done these days...
YahooSports : Julio pitched on no rest and with heavy heart last night to help Dodgers win
am so glad you are back Chapters is one of my favourite albums . Currently on repeat as it's
Please
Please
Please
7.1M Views And 113K likes in just 18hrs
Have a great day & I have to MoveOn now! Could you do something for me! Pretty please!
Good afternoon, thank you
Thanks bad guy... Blessings
Merci
go out to you and your family.
I think i just died a little im not ready for this..
Come back sunny &
Any Day Craze >>> Any One
PK Disaster Movies >> Others Blockbuster Films
Most Viewed Hindi dub
Maintindihan din nila yan ..praying for them
Church
: a building that is used for Christian religious services.
That's very kind of you. Thank you for your support
D&E con in Asia please.
That's very kind of you. Thank you for your support
yesh *-*
That 84th minute header by Giroud has to be one of my best moments as an Arsenal fan Unforgettable
De ontem, culto com meu amor
It was my fave day and I really miss him big time.
Thanks! !
Good morning Sunshines game day are you ready we can do this enjoy your day and the game
Blessings to your beautiful Sunday my lady!
Omgg hoping to get
Faithful hindi loyal
Football is injured for 3 weeks! Get well soon
Prayers please
Blessed Sunday everyone.
Antipolo National Shrine
Mass Celebrations
Thank you!!
i am soo sorry my jaan.
i really missed
my my alll prayers love kindness and every thing is with u
Thank you!!
Please
Please
Please
Thats why I said not everyone is thirsty
Happy birthday more life more blessing
Sure dear. Feel better this morning. I pray d pains come back Thanks
Thankful to see another day. Thank you Lord
Yesterday opened up new doors god bless CDJ Apparel for giving opportunity Photos and images out soon
RIP Prayers for his family This hits me hard I lost my best friend AKA my dad in 2005 to brain
Make yourself "valuable" ng sa ganoon ikaw ang hinahabol. A woman worth pursuing for.
Please
Please
Please
Please
So many ways of art...
So much beauty...
Let's make some new music arise!
You will never stop laughing when you watch this video The speaking boxer. please like and comment
pls help rt thank you in advance
I genuinely don't think there are many better things in life than show on 6 Music.
Orin, pleas arest me
wishes. Please donot go to vaver masjid . muslim religion created only 1400 years back.
Please
Please
Please
This tweet, "RT Heta_org: HetaChain Twitter Official has reached over 30,000 followers.
Thank you all
I have a project idea for Chicago I spoke with ceo of CHA last year. just a hood chick tho.
Please let us stop littering and keep the country clean
Follow ME and everyone who likes and retweets
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
New por , gracias hermano, lo muchisimo
good morning to all of you angels get this statistic midterm
Faithful>Loyal
Welcome
sorry. I just like your cat very much and just find the account to follow. I already to delete my tweet. Sorry agian
bless based god
Are u ready to get a massage?
Come to
Amazing price
.
.
.
.
.
Oh spoils I want one pls
Yass Bohemia Rhapsody will not banned in Malaysia
....aaaaand a subsequent symposium proposal for 2019 in Montreal???
Thank you
God first. Amen
Don't do like this next gaim
Bless them
A big thank you to all the people that showed up to Canna You Dance!
Thank you performers, DJ, Homiez Smoke
Elina? ohh... hope she'll be ok
Please stay alive, I believe in you Ruki-cat
Well said
atleast see our request here n on insta. Want 2nd honeymoon for zabeer plssss
Pls plsss
glad your team won and keep fighting ....prayers
Thanks bro spreading your message in mumbai today
So, Fisher update: he went to a concert in Boston without a parent last night. He made it home safe.
Jgh
Please pray for this young man and his parents
Happy birthday mama , and thank you
Earth Taiwan Fans Club celebrations
Ticket set
Thanks provide photos
Thanks
Congratulations BaBa Bhabhi
BILI NA KAYO!!! ANG CUTE OH TAS PARA MAKAUNO REN SILA
having an early night Day tomorrow
I knooow! about to have a yard sale in a and Kiss the baby and have a great day!
YESSS OF COURSE AND ATE KAYE WE'LL HUNT FOR THAT GLORIOUS 4HEAD.
.@trishtrashers Can I meet you when I come to Chennai next month I am your biggest fan from US
I hope you also have a blessed Sunday
My thoughts are with families of those who lost their lives in the Sending love and strength their way.
Hi, Alena! Can you help me to find an OA that has spot left for Jang Gyuri? Thank you so much!
Let the church say AMEN
Happy Sunday praises and worship
Thank God for waking me up this morning
Jay jind
Amen thanks
Thank you sir for coming in
{PlsRT}
{chanbaek}
Updated twenty-eight
Yes oh Great Lord I Pray
mam say about your role in petta and about Movie , Thalaivar ah pathi sollunga
Praying I get stationed in Hawaii, Dubai, Spain or Japan next year
Please come out in ORANGE next week in Jacksonville!!!
Modiji is so humble and so down to earth. True son of the soil.
Amen!
I needed this. Thank you
For once I don't feel dead after my night shift
Dear Lord,
i see what you're doing for others, same ye do for me amen!
Gracias
love you! Love me back
24hrs+ worth of travel to Germany off to a good start at least - whole row to myself
a
Well be damned, more dirt to my already filtered mind... thank you
Abeg help me with cv review
Blessed
Prayers for those injured at Clemson.
Great morning practicing in with Master Jayson Brooks.
Trish,at least one Hi with my name
- Boom Diaa Doomingoo De Paaaz rs
Bless
I stand with Ashliz
Psalms 91:16 With long life will I satisfy him, and shew him my salvation.
Have a blessed day
A time traveller from this planet. Past and future...in the present. look is beautiful. Thank you
Fantastic feedback on our 3rd event - thank you very much
All glory to You
Sim Sab theek ho jye ga
Ye waqt bhi guzar jye ga
Stay strong
Awesome show brother man, your playlist is fire can I drop my top 5 songs
Guys please follow his main account has been suspended.
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please F&F
Please
Please
Please
Please F&F
Find the best for your sentiment analysis - or bother because we found them for you !
Church flow been going through some thangs
Everything will be okay, my love.
Praying for you, Pastor Dave, and your family for Peace and comfort!!
This Week's Bulletin: 10.21.2018 GJCC Service -
God bless this hero..Pray for his family
Please could you play some Greta van fleet pretty please
You make me too happy guy Lmao thanks
Honestly love bc we really be having the heart to hearts every weekend and I appreciate you 4 reminding me my worth
Seek me out in private.... Sensei Charlotte will direct your path
Really enjoyed playing last night! Thank you
amiin... get well soon yak chae
Plea to my followers please r/t this now for the bulls
keep support
Its going to be a cold winter somebody pray for me
Its going to be a cold winter somebody pray for me
Mahn thanks .,,,,
Congratulations and team. Amazing perseverance
is in safe hands.
From Sabarimala.
R.I.P Beautiful boy - absolutely heartbroken. Forever & always in my heart. Love you
Sending prayers
so precious!!!
Congratulations May Lord Ganesha Bless You with all the happiness
An icon that transformed under his governance
Please support our fan merch sale for birthday! Link down below Thank you!
Still thankful for the opportunity.
YARDIM
hakki.koylu@tbmm.gov.tr
yilmaz.tunc@tbmm.gov.tr
Thank you god for waking me up this morning
Yes sir
No nasty comments them today or on their wedding day, please. Don't fall so low
Dear God thank you for waking me, cause you didn't have to do it
noi sappiamo questi titoli
Ego
Strip club
Shawty
Personal
Vodka
Tokio hotel
Face time
Tardi
Notredame
Cosa manca?
said in OPEN LETTER " STRENGTH IN NUMBER BUT ITS HONOR OVER STRENGTH"
Prayers for your family at this difficult time!
My mutuals, I'm sorry for bothering your timeline, you could muted me
Jgh and Good night!! gonna sleep now since sick and tired. Hope pass the scholarship exam.
THANK YOU im feeling much better now with writing down all the scenes i had stuck in my head for weeks now
Yes yes! Finally someone wrote this comment!
Sorry ... erst und dann Geiler Sonntag einfach
Good Morning Jude!
Love Eagles
God Bless You Abundantly my dear
Friend.
My request is that you should be brave and courageous.
Be patient.
We are sure to win, madam.
I'm spreading the good word
We will make it work, God willing
These poor girls. sickening to think people could be so cruel to do this
Yes.. That you are a cowardice asshole.. Thank you
May be... May your words be true..
Earth Taiwan Fans Club celebrations
Ticket set
Thanks provide photos
How sad But hopeful CHANGE IS DEFINITELY COMING Keep up the wonderful work you do. God is with you
I cried that day Paji
May this week be beautiful
Grateful for progress.
Proud to be fan
Every time cheppela chesthunnav
TO YOU TO !
Glad to know back! Thank you, God, for safe travels! Amen!
I LOVE YOU JIN YOU WERE AMAZING LAST NIGHT Merci
Good One Melinda,
Thank you for your service!
God Bless You!
SEMOGA GAK DI PHPIN AMIIN
All the best sir
Did stress relief streching video twice and I feel a lot better now Thank you Cassey this was exactly what I needed
Badhai Ho God bless you both
See This Toted Out On MSM!? Until it Really starts affecting Crops and People Directly!
Which
TO YOU TOO !
Just wait until people figure out really didn't kill
for them
knew the truth.
Did you get very drunk? I hope you're not hungover this morning lol no not very drunk at all!!! bless u ya I
Thank My Boss
We hope so!
we all are sensitive for coffee but thanks for reminding twitter
( )
AAA
Thank you! my little critters!
Greetings. A gentle reminder for this to expidited. Thank you in advance
Start wide, expand further, and never look back.
Your welcome
And thank you also
Come back strong than never before captain Messi.
We wish you speedy recovery. Football is unwatchable without
Lord,
I have seen what you have done for other children
I'm so sick of this evil that erodes the hearts of my people. Praying for his family
God bless your heart and keep you always boo
Could UniverseTheist or a better word denote that Sanatana Dharma knows that everything is
nuwun instagram: polosaddict
... Shenina Cinnamon ...
Beautiful w / shenacinnamon Terima Kasih ya senang
i wrote 1,3k and this chapter is fINALLY finished
Bela
please check out my senior season highlights
thank you
Please
Please
Please
We
Please
We
Only two days to go and I'm still waiting for a mini interview featuring the captain of the
It did
Eeeeeek~ Blessings Blessings
And on a different note ~
Never to be forgotten ~
I apreciatte every single word. Thanks
Please anna
Dhanyawad
R.i.p Auntie i love you and miss you so much
can we be friends?? like HOMIES next level of BROS friendship going STRONG
Always believe on him no matter what
He'll guide u
May she RIP
[RT Appreciated ] GO DM please
Monsta X merch based for their comeback and Halloween XD
I will open it on 25
Hello, Alena. I need an OA which has a vacant spot for Jung Jaehyun, free username & DN. Thank you
Thanks !
Was great to share my passion last night in with a really nice crowd! Thank you !
Peter, thank you always for your beautiful comments
thank you
Praying you're right.
Thank you Lord for another blessed day .
Bossu
Will do my friend
Father lord let your Grace make me Grow and Glow, Not just fat
please take care and feeling
Please please please huhuhu let it be me I'm so desperate to have this please
What the Moist doesn't want you to hear: , I look very much forward to showing my financials, because
getting ciabatta good things come to those who wait
Done rt mine please
My bad
Yess min
Oka vela buzz , Nijamaithe
tho cheyandi
Hollywood range lo
D-2
or (made by. )
My dad valid at 100% !!! XX
maine ! i join ur life's journey in fervent prayer !! hope u feel d presence of d Lord , count & b
Feliz Domingo God is good allllllll the time
Afternoon Mark... my sincere condolences to you all...
33k more, please help
Thank you Lord for all the New Keys for a New Season and I wait to see what you will do Father and I am
He asked me and I said yes
Adeleke Sulaimon L
2073576189
UBA we rise by lifting others and you will never
Ty sir
maybe the FTA ppl will have a long hard think and televise next year's event. Fingers crossed
What a sweet reviewThank u so much!!!
blessed
Brother and his partner, Emily. been living out in Canada for over a year now..
AzCen are beautiful together
my little heart can not handle all this love
Today's episode will be very
Thank you so much for your tweet!
heads up! on to the next.
finals na bukas, ikaw na bahala sakin Lord. I will put all my trust to you, all glory for you.
Thank you for your service!
God Bless You!
Grateful
Big thanks for the tweet!
Hoping the best for all of us! Really hope you get to come here too
just another hurdle I have to go through before I meet my boys again next weekend
PRAYING for my PURPOSE to SURFACE
til then...BeBlessed
You do the same Thanks for the personal message this morning love it!!!!
God bless you Lisa are an angel thank you for all you do for those fur babies
Amen. Prayers go out to Tyler Trent.
I opened two gifts this morning. They were my eyes.
Today's by Thanks for sharing .
Thank you
Emily you are very good and pretty too.
2073576189
UBA we rise by lifting others and you will never
Of course. We all grow and change.
Blessed
Rayyithunge Team thiya kohdhehvi bura aguhuri masahkathah Salute kuran.
Hi there, we are terribly sorry to keep you waiting. How can we assist you here? -Dody
All are welcome Iowa City, Iowa
Please
Please
Amen!
Please
Please
The powerhouse that is
If you still feel like the dead please refer this. Timely message to all. Great!
Miguel is getting ready to make his grand enterance to the world! just glad he born the 19th lol
Shared pleasure
Good Lord!
Surely lots of love and respect for her
Please DM me if any way I can personally help out
Dr Frances Cress Welsing go figure
Bantu up nya beb.. Big thanks
When can we see it on TV ???
Please
Please who is posted to OYO State for NYSC and is going from port harcourt.
Please kindly RT
Namaste! Have a Wonderful Week! Happy Sunday to You!
Photo Credit: Marie Jerard
Few minutes back Parul live on .. Chand sa chehra dikhaya. .. Shukriya aap
Ready for God to upgrade my life all round.
iBlow like Timaya, I will take my whole team
Beautiful day
Sorry dear,I wish you speed recovery
Please universe, let the next year be the year of Lana, Dua, Louis, Harry, Zayn, and bless us with new albums
Aye
wait to hear what the message is about.. Last week was Having the right friends around you... I know God was talking to me
Mr President u are nw revolutionize our country....God bless u
everyday bro
with that disney channel
stay savage amiright my jake paulers
thank you and beloved sister
Blessing fall on me happy Sunday
Fun fact: Mo Bamba actually went to my school. Thanks for coming to my TED talk
and Julio Gomez need to do a scene together
Thanks
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
please, im really praying i can win this im so desperate, i badly want to have my
may all your hardwork pay off in the papers that are to come in the next few weeks
Okay rasad Ines!! Take care and may Allah bless you, always!!!
love You Guys And Your Hard Work ThankYou
I miss the old you
is there still any dream hero to work with..?
Wanna see you with Mohanlal sir
HQ of these pictures plz thank you so much
I speak this into existence
rooks of the season
Thank you lord
Arya lanti movie chey anna
Happy Halloween
If I had 1000 tongues it would still not be enough to say thank you
MELHOR QUE VERA HOJE!
oh god sorry for your loss sending condolence to you and to your family i hope your ok, stay strong
thanks
so sorry for your loss.
I want you to be my teacher
Plz DM
Overcoming my fears with Lord beside me
Thank you !
ederim
So ayun pre-defense week na, goodluck satin 5th years
Vikram k Kumar aina sarey ...
But remake cheyodhu pls
Blessed.
St.Jude Thaddeus Church
Yes please
Heaven Me To Mera Aur Uska Match Bana Tha
Yaha Pe Thoda Mis match ho gya
Praying I get a new connect, pray I get the brick
Are u ready to get a massage?
Come to
Amazing price .
.
.
.
.
Success bai! Thank you so much Lord
Who's your bet G or K? No explanation needed just choose one. G
is for God.
LORD, I CAN'T THANK YOU ENOUGH FOR THIS BLESSING!!!
I would like to take a moment to THANKeach and everyone for wishing me on my birthday.Your wishes mean a lot to
Please never bring custom costumes to any 2D fighter, thanks
anyone wanna buy mxm full set?
photobook is sealed. i need someone to adopt it please
awwww This is too much !!!nakaka tuwa thank you ! really
Wooow, thanks. I'm gonna make a final list soon
Namste civil lines Railway colony 1 marg me R.E office ke side me polythene ban kuda kachra
Please I gotta ask....
At what level did bobrisky stop learning
i don't know what did i do to deserve you guys. I'm so blessed ilysmmm thank you sa visit and panlilibre
Thank you thank you
you guys should do a scene together.
Such a sweet victory last night for The Boilers! Amazing how the team rallied for Tyler upsetting second ranked OSU BIGLY! for Tyler!
Bonjou moun mw yo
Pls foto share kariyo!
Omg! You replied, thanks
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
RIP et
Please
Please
Please
Please
thanks for the follow!
Pastor Kevin
Twaraga announcement chey Anna pls
I the best for all you all...
Beautiful and sound words
It's a pleasure having Austin in class. You raised a good man.
To GOD be the glory.
Salamat po dahil sa inyo may ALDUB at ADN.
Blessed
Thank you Efaki!
OJ Howard or Evan Engram?
Ref
Cr. to owner
*thompsonb liked
Dm ate kyryll please
Amen so true
did you finish it? idec, i want it if you can.
Emre wish you happy day there I love you very much. My heart U are
guys, can u help me to retweet this tweet? thank u before
I appreciate this fam
Going to mass now - you will top my prayers list today
So sorry Julia!
Akeh sitik disyukuri
Help me get through this.
Thank god
Have you done one of these for telescopes also?
Thank you Next time I'll see if I can overtake at least one person.
thankful that my baby boy is safe with only minor wounds and bruises after he got hit by a jeepney yesterday.
Super excited about this duo, my sister got married yesterday! Super thankful to God for the success.
Where would my head be at had it not been for Medina and Martinez. Eternally grateful I'm ready to give everything back
mike naran please forgive
Aly-Bea-Jia picture pls
That looks just like Tetsuya Nishio's work! Wow!
BAMA2018
ELF Fighting
Vote
Best KPOP Group
Most popular BAMA2018
My thoughts and prayers are with Yilan Hope as many people can be saved as possible.
I see the beaded necklaces
AMEN
Jgh
Jgh
Shout out to my opportunities this year! Ano man result ayos lang yan! God's will
Welcome back! Hope you have a nice rest after a long day
Hopefully
oh thank you god for this let this be our motivation guys.
Thanks for coming, Tisoy! Can't wait to see you both in person, someday.
Sir it must be celebrated in large scale all over India 2 remember our beloved real freedom Fighter
prayers for your family...
Amen
Season 2
I want another season I'm going to miss this series so much
jgh
Thank you appreciate the support l want to say it myself aswell
Thank you
lovely little appreciative video
Many Congratulation to my favorite Couple ever
May god bless u both with happiness & good health
And Nazar
Long distance relationships are like trying to fulfil your hunger by looking at pictures of food. True or False? RT
Amen
Have a blessed Sunday my beautiful friends
Happy Sunday!
Oh how the other half live enjoy the game
U came 1st in my mention to doing bkc i didn't start 1st
Any predictions about Shannon Williams???
Give thanks
Have a safe trip and we'll all be praying your plants are safe for your return
sorry for your loss
How is Jack Jack this morning? Prayers he is better today.
Got you
chan pls notice this! Sila tolong behave after this
you guys should do a scene together. Vag and balls deep anal
Tension tho chachipotunnam..
AA19 updates pls
Happy birthday to one of the people I love most in this life!
I love you I will alway love you to the moon
The Month will go by Fast ... Prayers for Ur Papa for a Safe Surgery & a Fast Recovery
My faves from Lucifer. I love these duo please be friends again
25k difollback banyak base
Family
Finances
Mind, Spirit and Body
should been yellow bro ur right
Please
Please
Please
Please
DAY of 58 add your wish or comment & the best will be retweeted
Our secRet weapon! The pinky fingeR
Please
Please
Please
Please
Yeah Seb makes far too many mistakes I don't even think Lewis has made 1 this season. I can't wait for the race
No comments.. food is very personal choice
Hi madam. My brother is your biggest fan. He hasn't slept since he saw please say hi to him
How can i save a thread.
Respect bang..
Me too Becky
So Help Me God
Dear , for your information. Expecting a meme on this one also. Thanks
It was a mad experience with the SUPER STAR bless up !!!
please follow me on Twitter thank you
Thank you
It is okay.
Rahul Gandhi cant be named, we understand .
An attitude of gratitude
Obgd pela
any predictions about Golden Child plssss
That's a great gesture. Thank you so much garu. Huge Respect
Amen and amen
H-OMEC- O-MING ITS HOEMCOMING YALL ITS HOMECOMING YAL H-OMEC-O-MING ITS HOMECOMING YALLLL
maybe it's all because i talk a lot so our conversation got sinked in..... i apologize for the inconvenience
Thanks for 50 subscribes
Can't wait
Please
Please
DAY of 58 add your wish or comment & the best will be retweeted
Our secRet weapon! The pinky fingeR
Hero!
is
Keep seeking God.
.
.
.
We love a humble, perfect, dangerous man
Hi Kamel, what a beautiful view. Thanks for sharing. Enjoy your day
IF YOU STILL COOK SUNDAY DINNER MOMMA RAISED YOU
good evening
So great to hear! And I love how responsive the team is to user ideas/requests.
with
May God protect and bring them back safely..
Omg Congratulations!
Amen
trend and make it India trend madam. Pls support
Good evening
Not in this hospital but thank you
Obgd pela
My Ep is Now Available On iTunes please do check it out
Happy birthday to a great Leader. God bless you Kwankwasiyya.
Aw, how beautiful
i don't follow sunrise hiding out here and there
She's a lady too. She got shouted down the whole fight by her opponents side, kept her cool and won. Again.
And very next month 26/11 terror attack happened...
Thank you
You guys are Shit
Yung Love Yourself Album po please
Bro thanks
Thank you dear for your kind words
Tama! Wahhhh!
Thanks
Alright cool Enjoy the rest of your Sunday God bless
thank you! sending love your way also
I gave up, it doesnt load at all. I cant see anything. But thank god i was able to give likes to yixing
Share Please if you like it
Leave your notes (it's important to me)
Any suggestions
Simple, easy and fast meditation technique that takes less than 5 minutes
Everybody head over and vote for Usain
You always make your fans proud Trish
Once a Trisha Fan, always a Trisha Fan
Have A Blessed Sunday Everyone
0071390416
Union Bank
Good morning
Give thanks
Save me Lord,
Lord wake me up,
Lord change me,
Lead me Lord,
in Jesus Name i pray, Amen
Everyone who is a resident of Planet Earth should take the time sit down and listen to this!
copped it after this but I love them sooo much I had to get a photo of them together
Education is everything! Help me help others onto the Crypto ladder
Good game for me and for my teammates
Health and State of mind Comes first please Take Care of Yourself
Vengeance
Alhamdulliah
Thoughts and prayers are with you as you try to manage through this
More and more power and strength to YOU Anna!
Whole hearted wish that you fill the need of the needy.
GOD bless
Thanks for the adventurous world tour last
I hope had a great night!
Tinolang Manok
Please
Please
Please
Please
Good morning, Beloveds, give God glory this beautiful
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Amen
hopefully i can watch this in korea
The Bible is Terms and Conditions many don't read
The LORD will establish you as a people holy to himself, as he has sworn to you, if you keep the
D rose almost dropped 30 last night vintage rose
FASHION how we choose to appear speaks about the state of mind
Happy weekend Bless ur boy for d Sunday 6019285251 Fidelity
Is smile mein kick hai! Thank you so much for filling colors in my gray life .
My continue source of
bucet day tomorrow
True!!! Good points I made a note on my phone to get my hair cut when I wake up lol
Birthday wishes bruh, live long and trust God
Answered prayer!
Amen
hahah.. selling One glass of butter milk for 150 rs ..
hotel guy says it is only for 15 rs
Lord please give me wisdom
Let em use it on me pls dear
yo so like where can I get thy packs to make some remixes .
a moment of appreciation of how great my life is going.
hope someone can relate
This is what happened when Sir created magic with his music on Thank you Sir!
GAME ABOUT TO CHANGE
You will be missed, but mentally balanced is your choice to find peace and happiness
im looking for thiss insya allah one day my dream come true amin
( TH G.O.) pls rt
Daniel 96 Jaehwan L I G H T G A N
480 200) = dm
focus points
.
roaming around the city, I found Lungshang Temple, beautiful colors, put it on your list
Beautiful picture!
these now !
and network
RT
OHHHHH ALL I THOUGHT AKO LANG Apir!
Maraming salamat, Meng.
Obgd pela
To all CID friends and fans please put this picture as your profile picture please so that we can show our
you ready BlackIsBlack is here again with the classic man
Can I meet you when I come to Chennai next month I am your biggest fan from US
Will there be an update of Love is an Illusion tomorrow???
I am so sorry for your loss I fathom the pain of losing a
JPIA pa unta ko next sem Lord, I live for these stuff
Now that is a great picture
tolong cek dm
I just love you from the bottom of my heart Thanks G!!!
Feeling super blessed this Sunday morning. Chester County, Pennsylvania
.@trishtrashers Can I meet you when I come to Chennai next month I am your biggest fan from Chicago
Full video please para po sa team bahay na di nka attend... Thank u
Not sure if i will be live today in the end, its my mums birthday and i think were going out for the day now
I break my heart at your feet Lord
Jessica is coming in next year
Mntaap, thanks threadnya
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Really interesting thanks for sharing
Cheers -See u March 30th
Whut real preachin sound like - Rev. C.L. Franklin Daddy "The Story of Job"
Wowwwww woww wowww
And is here
woww woww wowww
Engr, you took Twitter bants and jokes too too personal, please take it down.
You are welcome and have a blessed Sunday in Jesus mighty name and majesty Amen
are you saw sarkar teaser mam say some words about thalapathy Vijay mam
I actually finished Shinjuku!!! I think I'm gonna just jump to lostbelt after this and go back and do the other
Hi pls sing Araw-Gabi by Regine V. Pleaseee!!! Love u!
For by there have I run through a troop and by my GOD have I leaped over a wall.
Creativity is from the Lord most high
holy shit that episode tho... i fucking loved it..
We're down to 9, please vote on Starple! Every vote counts
May scalpers, bandwagons, fake armys be gone, may god be at our side, we all deserve to see BTS so please may
Waiting for this !!!
Help RT
[OPEN SHARING SLOGAN "YOU ARE MY SUNSHINE"] by
-Slogan + zipper bag 100k
-Transparent
Comme on bro choose me this time
I really appreciate your thoughtfulness just what I need to get through this day God bless!
Interesting thanks
*just passing by with my KJV Bible
Amen to that Bobbi
Thank you so much, Lord road to finals. 8-0
Thank you you are all ok Aww nice! Get a few extra in Have a beautiful week lovely xxxx
Both winners have received their parcels
But a Goodmorning thank You Jesus
Ya Allah please ease everything tomorrow
How is the payment system works if we purchase ticket from outside of Thailand? I hope my question will get answered
Sexy Edit by
6017288980, Fidelity bank...... Pls sir i will appreciate any amount to buy foodstuffs in my hostel
So many invites to go here and there. Time and Money. Where?
Con ambas mi general!! Con FE
No you And end it here. Thanks
Mau dong, please
The flavor of God
A queen was born today all praises belongs to you oh Lord I'm blessed
Best news of the day, thank you Adrien and Nasser!
Worth Son Of Mother India
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
When you don't see a way, does. Your faith is in Him, not man.
Due to substantial interest from institutional investors (thx! ), it has been decided to give buyers a bit more
hey guys help pls, can someone create me a US Spotify account?
6017288980, Fidelity bank...... Pls sir i will appreciate any amount to buy foodstuffs in my hostel
plz don't do remake sir
Let's be faithful.
Mi amigo David listo para halloween My little friend David is ready for halloween
Uh...wait a minute....Mr. Dressup is gonna go in the next election . Then we get stuck supporting these pieces
Vote for Surbhi Chandna
Good luck with that m8, before you leave i have 1 question in your Dms
Omg this has absolutely done me in
Many very good players!! We truly enjoyed having them. Thank you
Thank you, Polo. Have a Super Sunday!
Go
and
thank you
Ma'am , I'm attaching the newspaper cuttings of our old struggle
Amen
Thank you for your hardworking
Rest well
DAY of 58 add your wish or comment & the best will be retweeted
Just stRolling and tRolling on this
lovely day, lovely results
Yeah frere mercii beaucoup
Amin
1K Followers already!?
LongLiveMyLoveOnes nuff said
Funk Unplugged!
Get your copy on for only $9.99!
Giving silver medal and 3 goals is the least I can do for IB Alhamdulillah
Stadium
Finally back home!
I am so sorry for your loss
You and your family will be in my prayers
Hello Sir, I'm attaching the newspaper cuttings of our old struggle
Thanks a lot, Yokkaichi
all praises to the most high up for gifting me with another day of life to live
Amen Sis!!! Good morning Have a Joyous day in the Lord
Please
Please
Please
Please I Need My
Need money like you need oxygen.
I'm so sorry heard that dear , may God gives u strength ur heart
Peru pls follow your boy ..it will mean a lot sir
My city made Nast magazine?! We do get a lot of tourists...Nice to see the city get some positive press.
plz
Sign that girl to a contract. This job is too important.
Thank you Lord at di ako inabutan ng lbm during the exam
:- Voice for your intellect By Kamal... via
doublemay is back
LYS
!
I am looking for a Taiwan BTS - LYS ticket. Give
in my prayers Hope for a speedy recovery
Praying
Your kids are blessed to have you as their father.
Thanks For 1,600 Followers Everyone Getting Closer & Closer To That 2,000 Everyday Homies
Too many blessings.
Ahhhhh I finally got 100% in Journey thank you kind stranger who meditated with me for 20 seconds and showed me
Thank you Victoria Gachuz for a beautiful sunset hike and decision dinner at your home It was great seeing
Ingat kayo pre ingat bes have a safe trip enjoy
Thankyou lord!
Same with you my sis
Just get well soon eh
Thank you for you an family
Cahil cahil
Happy and safe traveling See you safely in the Land of The Rising Sun .
Good Morning
plss give chance to youngsters and public
,don't leave me behind
God bless
I was quite hurt but blocked now x thank you
Sir, I'm attaching the newspaper cuttings of our old struggle
No words only prayer
RT Sunday Quoteday!
sea..
Where was I lol amen
18 points 8 assists and 3 rebounds not bad narin thank you Lord!!
Les images de trop attroces!
GL mate glad the guy who knocked me out made it!
So graceful thank you so much for sharing Jay
You're amazing for doing that much, I can't even do one picture in a 12 months
5 more days until I get to be home with Alyssa and EJ!!!
Oh gosh i got teamed up with this player i recently blocked hahaaha rip
please sign the petition if you haven't yet let's fight together for
Un grand merci firas
Bendiciones, Blessings
Thank u so much dear
OMG
Reportedly nine are in critical condition...that scene is horrifying.
review na tayo, please
NoUnfollowers Allowed
stay strong
Up! Thanks God for this new day
Have a nice sunday
Check out BO4!!! come and watch forget to follow
mage-event coordinator ako, ready na 'kong mapagalitan pero I hope successful huhu
Thank you. Will tweet updates as it develops!
I got the whole project dawg....damn!!! It's hella dope men, I respect ya bowy
We don't deserve it but thanks alot
This is how I fight my battle waaaaa super thank you po
LIVING
Kinda sad that she's going through dialysis right now. Praying for her.
Meta para o
10 shiny's do Beldum
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
sope is underrated these days ur doing god's work hun
Mohon doa restu
Sir, I'm attaching the newspaper cuttings of our old struggle
Our
Respect to both of you Thank you so much Jorge please speed recovery &
My pleasure kind lady!
Thank you God for another day and another beginning to a new week
Good morning
Happy Sunday Best of luck
Two back 2 back boundaries within few seconds , bhagya lakshmi for a reason
God slowly showing his best plan for me and I really have to wait as he promised.
Love the Lord through Jesus Christ
Just now there was someone who bought 3 shirts aka every motive i have im so happy, thank you stranger....
What a sensational sight I so wish I was well enough to go But my was there with you!
Bendiciones, Blessings
Terima kasih 111k
SADARRR, UDAH SEGEDE APA.KURANGIN MAKAN BANYAKIN OLAHRAGAA.
*Maap ga maksud body shaming
Pray for Political Prisoners denied
Home from church peace be with you all
7 for the Americans and for the Japanese!
Thank you it means a lot to know someone cares and I know God is preparing a way where there seems to be no
lord guide through the decisions i will make .
*Sunday Bonding with Sancho...
Gambhir ko rakhna please. We need experience in our squad!
The fact
I'm alright. The concerns are so appreciated.
something alot of these young parents dont do these days
Straight facts
Thank you so much for sharing I really appreciate it
man shiro's s7 space/combat suit is so fkn hot
pls let it return in s8
Looking to join Please send me an invite. via
Anything else ? Hope everyone is safe!
God and Parents
by . Very very excited for this young and promising combo
Update,update, update needed
Thank you young bro!..
Saw you in church today
Bendiciones,. Blessings
Thank you for the opportunity to share our story.
Good vs Evil!!
Jobs vs Mobs!!
Thank you lord
hello, hoarder of blankets she never gets to use hoyy ubani kog Book Binge Bazaar bi
Aminn Aminn ecmain
blessed
Answered prayer to Breath of Life
I'm just so Thankful!
18 October at 09:45
This beautiful senior girl named Ema, needs a rescue please
Her owners moved away and
Everyone needs to see this. Thank you for being a blessing in this world
AKU HARUS NONTON INI YA AMPUN P' THANKS FOR THIS THREAD! HUHU
Amen Lily
Amen sister.... You are truly a blessing...
GOD bless you so much
Wow - I love Friday show too! Thank you for showing your love!
JBJ
I see! I'll ask mummy to get some!
Filhal toh main adrak wali chai pi rahi hun
Tag aku please
This is so wrong!
Bless all our officers,
Pray for True Justice to protect us all, that INCLUDES our
Independent Republican. Depending on your county where she is placed. I that you
Kindly PLEASE FOLLOW her
She'll Followback right away! xOx
Future ka fes ni lucho si johnny!
Hopefully
Thanks to everyone that supported in making this project a success
Aww thank you
Okay thanks I will give you the credit for that
I end my convo on this issues now
Enjoy your weekend pls
Yes he smash it just the way he sing they keep the best for last
please
Kelam ..... Dua
Meri life ki sub se achi Birthday celebrations mene socha nahi tha itna sub kuch hoga thanks all my frd
The mind loves to think, therefore it loves to complicate things, fall into that trap, simplify
Bendiciones,. Blessings
Sorry to hear this. I'm hoping that your dog can make a full recovery.
Thank you
Be kind. Always.
Thanks for mumbai police excellent support finally found my husband
Really Thanks to mumbai tweeter
Hazal with her manager
.
Thanks bruh God bless
Thanks for connecting
when we see Real Estate leaders such as getting 5-star reviews with the help of our new
Thanks bro make it I promise
please no
Wishing you an
Let me know your appearance schedule
Krissy
Hoping that table will turn once again...
Good night
Plz strips Chacha Nehru tag & stop celebrating children day after him
Gracias por un fieston como el de anoche
Could you give me a link?
Lord, thank you
hopefully it's just precaution
QUE TU MAMI SIENDO TU LUZ ME ENCANTARON TUS PALABRAS PARA ELLA.
In container's is what i pray for all my life oluwaJesu Abeg do am for me
Istighfar bes
So you belong to Her
Plz Read This
Father, help me to when to first Praise YOU, then celebrate each and every day and it's blessings.. THANK YOU
Yess
Driven to be a better husband, father, brother, son, friend, and business owner. All starts with some prayer & thanks
In memory of Jamal
Absolutely shocked how many governments and people in our world turn a
What happened? Praying for those involved and injured...Wow
Happy Birthday bro
Good morning all you beautiful people of the world
South Side, Corpus Christi, Texas
We should since we have tickets
Nandri bro
Plz anna !
tho Fix cheyandi
MANAM , 24 , ISHQ , HELLO
Fb yah.. Wish me luck
Much appreciated fren, thank you
Please
We are praying for you.
Happy born day sweet
Menm lanmou an
what a relief
Abrazo, Hugs Bendiciones, Blessings
Ruminating helpful either I suppose. I hope you find some peace with this. namaste
we're down to 11, pls vote everyone
Our family is praying for you My daughter is 23 and just made me a grandfather. I
Please fire Dave Warner
Thanks bro!! Glad still feeling that
Oh My God, never ever i imagined it would get so many likes and retweets.. Thanks to each n every Person
He looks so calm. I also want to run my hands on his hair. Ughhhh praying him all the good things in life
Coalition of decency!
This sun is too hot for those of us that when to church na.. God please remember us and direct this sun to the unbelievers.. Amen
Listen to me tell you what I listened to that you should listen to
Can I get a box of Frosted Flakes, thanks
This wind in NY today is no joke. My plane almost able to land, but happy I made it home safely.
Amen... Good morning Have a blessed day!
Please
Please
Please
Please Daughter's
we're down to 11th, pls vote everyone
Sir i will appreciate if you come through for me
Prayers. So sorry for your loss.
Grateful yoongi. Always
happy bornday, Hanbin. God bless you.
Amen Praying the Republican Party keep a
large majority in both the House and Senate. In Jesus Holy Name
Satan wants to fill u with doubt. He longs to confuse your mind. He loves to temp u to sin. He hates it when u pray.
You are most Welcome
Pics of changbin with this look pls
ahgase , can you vote got7 at AAA , we keep dropping , dont cry if got7 didn't win . Please show your effort to give got7 award this year
Take Care of Your
and to get Married... Another Celebrity couple...
Treat for Fans...
rip oliver the flash
Thanks dear heart you as well
Imagine you woke up today and had only what you thanked GOD for yesterday
Have a Blessed Sunday
That makes one of us
Happy birthday yot Godbless
renglerimize destek verelim spam
Grab it! Own it! And make someone better than before. That's our role. Believe and make it happen! I will get it! I claimed it! Amen!
Amen we can do all things through him because we are Blessed
Bless
Done I need one thank you
Amen! Good morning Have a blessed Sunday
Plz Annaya
Don't Remake Any Hindi Movie
It's Our
so much happiness for this day! Thank you Lord! God bless us all!
i'm waiting for master in the house
HELP RT
Sharing Season Greeting Re;Ong
Price: tertera di gambar
Include EMS+tax, exclude ongkir dr JKT
I agree.... you will be Champion again! Thank you for your dedication!
pretty please
Aap bhi nikal le sweaters
John u daily speak my heart out. Thank you so much for making my day daily.
When I scroll through social media so happy to see them off being healthy and happy, but I miss them a ton
I'm here
Condolence to the family of security personnel......
We all need a Juanita in our lives. The Lyons are broke but she still sticks with them. She's ride or die
Amen
Happy Sunday beautiful people
R&B IS NOT DEAD
6017288980, Fidelity bank
God thank you
We got your back! Prayers up man
SEMOGA COMEBACK KEDUANYA SUKSES SE SUKSES-SUKSESNYA COMEBACK
It Was Great Seeing You Yesterday Moozlie , Azishe ,It will be a dream come true if I work with you
South Side, Corpus Christi, Texas
Next year summer by grace am all bout travelling ! Catching flights NOT FEELINGS you get me
Rod subject and characterisation asalu
Minimum okka scene kooda convincing gaa undadhu
High five!
Yes it will happen very soon! Thank you You still are the Queen!
Grinding
Eight below pala title nun kasama manood please
Did Aerodynamics/Principles of flight in 2013 when studying for ATC Core Content and today at
Grateful Thankful & Blessed
Here are 4 awesome guys! I love you guys!!!! Thank you . Namaste
Brave-hearted man.
Please
Please
Please
Please Basic Training
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please Basic Training
Please
Please
I'm sorry for your shaking. Jim is a survivor and very brave.
Might not affect us, probably further North, hopefully
Good morning
Praying for the better days.
Thank you! Hope to se you soon take care.
Deffo
Pull Shot lo ah Control edhithey undho
Appatlo Punter Ippudu Kohli
Masssss
Amen
Thank you so much and please have a safe journey.
unrelated but me and cass wanna buy a painting
good luck I should take a break too
This is it! Bring home the
eagerly waiting for
Late ayna parledu the best kavali
believe rumours
I hope this man lived the happiest of lives after doing this
Proud
rajonrondo to to the HARD Way!
So kind thank you
Summit1g/Davenport that "R" of ACisTor rating in Colorado for Venom snake/worm.
Pastor : true Christians have patience
Church : Amen!!!
Me : hungry now
thank you
Thank you!
Just trust this process please.
is so active today screaming either my feed is going wack or really healing my soul, thank you
Congrats and Thanks for inspiration
From THA HOTTEST RADIO STATION
you are absolutely right Ma'am , we do support you .
Cole one of the GOAT's and this year has been unstoppable
I never stop praying
Mega gotchu i knew you'd come around.
Aku masih nubi, maafkan
((Inspired by
Last day A kumpletu ne ning baby me Godblessed po
feeling blessed
woman! Have a blessed birthday
go time na my boy
ughh our caveman-sunbaenim
God will you.... This blessing na by force o....
Seohyun No 8 now
Vote for seohyun at 2018 Asia Artist Awards.
1 Your vote is worth.
I would
Amen
What a response for the tweet movie bro u deserve this and extra special day for me
Lol... Big amen to that
Beautiful day to you
ada yg tau jual lightstick winner yg korea ver dimana?
Stories that make you cry love and appreciate everyone
Afinal, QUE HORAS Help please
Good morning dear friend!! Have a wonderful and blessed day! Beautiful flowers !!!
Love our living room
Nearly time for our delivery too
RIP Jarryd
Keep strong Pat. All the very best
Hihihi More please Mimi
Jihoon wearing safety pin
Pour l'originale c'est : Lights of the Seven - Ramin Djawadi
Ampun
Thank you lord
LF: Beatboxers in Shen Zhen, kindly tag them or comment!
The devil be reallyTRYING to work but GOD give his toughest battles to his strongest soilders
Thanks a lot bro
Blessings to your beautiful Sunday kind hearted lovely lady!
St. Padre Pio, heal us. St. Padre Pio National Shrine Santo Tomas Batangas Philippines
Dhfms Mass
Arachakam ki Ardham Chupistunnaru
sa dilaw na buwan
sorry for ruining the song, forgive me
Thanks man. Guess I can say goodbye to tether now! Thanks
Martin Heinrich is a douchebag. For New Mexico.
Lord please forgive me for my sins knowingly and unknowingly
Proud
From THA HOTTEST RADIO STATION
Amen
Please
Please
Please
Please Jordan to
Please
Please
Please
Please Jordan to
Please should i laff small?
A year ago today officially became one of the worst days In my life One Love Pops Bless Up
you gon touch my blood foreal.
Hussain Shekh Mohammad Afzal
Ballot No. 22
Prayer is the channel God uses so that His strength can flow into our lives.
jur o jur o
Ecobank=4413001639 Charles Victor
[Okiki] jur o see Mary see Victor 2day
Aamiin insyaAllah! lots of luck buat mba cotton
-
Some day you will be ready. I could do it so you can do it too.
. Lots of learns and curves at the moment but get there. Great to have a team with potential for
Degree holder na pls for the next 10 years be good to me
In need
Time heals.
TURN IT OVER TO JESUS AND EVERYTHING WILL BE ALRIGHT. AMEN
Oh yum! Hehe glad relaxing
good luck with tonight, hopefully I can watch it if not out having tea
May Allah ease everything
Thank you Lord
Will try, thanks
Give everything to God...including your Pain. He will give you comfort
Dhfms Mass
Arachakam
Thanks fam who do you think could finnese here?
BrownsTwitter...keep in thoughts & prayers today.
THANK YOU A MILLION TIMES FOR THIS!
Yessssir be Oprah jr in no time! Lol thanks for always speaking positive energy into me. I appreciate you
Thanks so much
Blessed Sunday
Thank you Lord for this day
Maana Funn baskolheh fahathu ga liyefa othy
BOURNEMOUTH please
OMG YOU WHERE THE ONE SAVIOR A THE FIRST SHOWCASE OMG!! THE BEST
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Send me this rn!
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Welcome back....
{NP} Ada shopee tapi maaf belum program free ong
From THA HOTTEST RADIO STATION
Kahit pic nalang poh
is so rare to be seen today
Cimb in my area is down. Going to another place gimme an hour.
hoping for a good result
Merci !
Great things are yet to come
Definitely finish taboo it's great
Unexpected News this Morning.... Rest Easy Cousin Mike you even get to make it to one of my college
Seohyun No 8 now
Vote for seohyun at app Staple.
1 Your vote is worth.
I would like to ask you
alot of mfs blow me ....but they can't blow me away
Is it impossible for a gg that all members have boyfriends in the same (one) group? I hope u know what i mean
Konbat juseyo
Uwc I hope you do get the offer
Enada ithu proof uh 10rs ku badge ah Thank you
Hope you'll reply me see my drawing
from your words to God's ears nana
Strength and guidance
I love you. Namaste
October , 21 2018
Enada ithu proof uh 10rs ku badge ah Thank you
Yes i Want To Enter To Win $2,500.00 A Week Forever from PCH Gwy No.6900 on October 26TH PLEASE
Please Lord make it happen
Day!
The biggest blessing and gift you ever got is your breath.. Thank you lord
I have mine But really I would like the PIZZA class pretty please Miss Cleo
Read this !! Please & thank you you have an awesome fan right here
pabili hehehehe
Wish me luck
Enada ithu proof uh 10rs ku badge ah Thank you
This just saved me
went to and I got was this lousy onion
to and
So sad praying for him!
Finally
Biden in attendance
In attendance
Red tsunami is on its way!!
i am blessed again
King Solomon And David please..
Thank you
I've been worried since I heard they using virgin guys for rituals now
Father pls protect me
Morning guys
Happy Sunday
Be blessed
Alhamdulillah
Like
For all Muslims
I praise ahayah for wisdom. I praise ahayah for grace. I praise ahayah for magic, for the unknown, and for the
Thank you for your service!
God Bless You!
I praise ahayah for wisdom. I praise ahayah for grace. I praise ahayah for magic, for the unknown, and for the
Rest in peace
|| RIP , Brain btw , what makes you think this
Humbled
for following us ReversePrincethe2nd. Keep pushin and enjoy your Sunday! If you haven't already,
Please rt and consider,,
Prayers for this brave officer and his family.
Done, wish me luck
Wishing that The Light of God The Creator always Shine on You
Today I give Many thanks to The
update
Thanks Thalaivaa
fresh glam session with these beauties at 5, fashion runway party thanks for choosing
Thank yu for ur time in this world king.... u are really here for some of us. Thank you for this Album
RIP Thanos!
Any suggestions for getting blocked. Please I too want to achieve this .
Around 1 17-31 October.
To make it to the 2nd stage we need to be top 10
One WorD About DrlnG
Respect women ,who roles in the movie of our life as leading actor like, mother, sister, wife,cook, care taker
flyest stare down in
illustrated by:
Great win Panthers-keep game
A few weeks ago I was facing a creative block and you guys suggested me a bunch of great quotes and words !
I'm claiming to win $10,000.00 Cash Prize from PCH Gwy No. 6900 ON PRIZE DAY
So young RIP
.@POTUS An endorsement for Omar please Mr President!!!
Anaphy midterm grades tom
Oeillet, pivoine, rose.
Merci
Happy Birthday to one of my brothers My boy finally 21 . Big moves from here on out.
recently stumbled upon you and am utterly impressed. Thanks for the wonderful tunes
Lord, I need to go to city kay wala silay libero Btaw, 9: 30 game plss
God bless you for sharing this
Bom domingo
RT if you are loving the the & duo. No matter whom you love or whom you hate.
Thank you
Lord Jesus, I see what you're doing for others
happening.... LIFE.
Blessed to be here after last night. you never know when your time to go so live with no regrets and
I love you lolo para sayo po yan. Advance happy birthday in heaven
Praying for you and your family Heather
Good morning world & thank you Jesus
Please
Please
Please
Please
It is no longer the Republicans vs Democrats. It is literally Good vs Evil... Prayers are
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
patas'a pa akong height, Lord pls
Good Morning Sweetheart
Sunday Blessings
Make The Democrats
A Vile Part of History
AT AGE 29*
VIRAT KOHLI THE LEGEND
Good After Noon
Mere Profil Me Dekhiye
Service was a joy After mass selfie with baba
"@_AhmadRufai: A very sad story I feel your plight
Hahaha good morning Roxxxanneeeee Bonjour! Happy Sunday
World-Class Keeper
Respect
Please
Please
THE QUEEN IS BAAAAAACK FOR THIS MY GIRL
thats so saddening but let us just wait for it! who knows right?, take care always fam
Please
Please
2hours lesson plan making
Great mood after winning Congratulation guys 4-W 1-L at Good job guys
Tekken 7 has sold 3M units worldwide, I hope I can say that of Soul Calibur one day!
I am waiting for this day!
God keep you and your family ...He is everything.
Thanks, I'll do it often.
Complete Thankyou, Lord.
The best is bringing the best in everyone for the best! thanks for the update
I will, thank you
Ohh my subjects , please be nice to me
When you visit temples under Dewasom board, please do not put money in the hundi. Instead offer flowers.
You speak my language bro
Weekend Vibes
thank u lord! iloveyou
Not It's Ain't !
What he wanted to say was probably "We are going to do the music we like to make. Hope you like it.
How did they come for me to go for lunch and swimming at such a beautiful place??? Gaush
OOOOOOH NFL and European Rugby Sunday? Don't mind if i do.
I'm after sleeping for 11 hours and still feel like death
Make up > Skincare > Food then, hopefully, own clothing line next!!
thank you for always protecting my heart God
Omg.... am I dreaming???Thank you so much for the like This means so much to me Lots of and
Lovely. Not a long way away from the lushness of Ram Here book.
Superb
Our Writes A Song For
+
instant Karma!!!
Thank you
THANK YOU
my deepest condolences to you and your family stay strong fam! your in good hands now
KCR garu Guiding the Party MLA Candidates/members about election campaigning at TelanganaBhavan
Good heart,
Strong spirit,
Kind soul,
True friend...
That's you!
bon Dimanche
Well done, man! The speed is drastically improved! Thank you!
I'm so appriciate the word
Follback ya kak, wish me luck
Jgh
done
Remember to always surround yourself with positivity
Preciousness stay warm and healthy will always support you, you precious little
Destiny u know . I just hope he gets married in his lifetime
Timoritel mbak..
Give us this day daily
Which is for lets get this bread
Happy sunday.
Ily Sarapot!!! im nervous and excited to see your baby boy na pagpray kita
Sir
Plz don't make me look old
Good luck today. History can be made Blessed Sunday
happy birthday bro
excellent verse thank you
It was great to have you both with us thank you so much xxxx
Greater heights
Plz Annaya Don't Remak Any Hindi Movie
It's Your All Fans Request
There are no words I am so deeply sorry for your loss. We will keep you and your family in our prayers
GOD IS THE ANSWER!!
Congratulations
It was so much more than that!! Can't thank you enough for it!! Speechless!!
Fuccckkkkk, this shit is so fucked up man...i hope they find the girls soon and i hope they're okay
RM mono
Ahhhh I'm so proud!!! Always believed in you,kuya!! and I'll keep on believing You got
KCR garu Guiding the Party MLA Candidates/members about election campaigning at TelanganaBhavan
Sunday Surprise
Songs will be written
Nalla Songs are getting ready
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please the
Please
Please
Please
Please the
Guys help her
Prayer for you and your family love hope she recover soon
hoping for more good days
Please
Please
Please
Please
Edit by
Please
Please
New chapter
Sold Out Dates Booked Everyday
I'm having fun Shoukat on MeMe Live. Come and join us! liveRoomType = 4
The weather was so cooperative that despite the large number of peoples we nearly felt tired.
Maraming salamat po Lord
Listen to your body, respect it and appreciate it"
severim
Amen to that, pray lang always yot
TO LET: 4 bedroom duplex at Jericho G. R. A Ibadan.
Rent is 1.6m
PLS RETWEET
Thank you bossman
Praying for best results for CPALE tomorrow!
To think that Masterclass at Hobart vs SL ain't there in this list
May God deliver us from relationships and friendships that are time wasting
Have a great trip, I wait to see you
Hopefully they all survive and get well
Wow....!
Our Writes A Song For
Marana Waiting !
Heard yesterday that took another dude from HS.
Sunday Surprise
Songs will be written
Nalla Songs are getting ready
as beautiful as you can imagine. thank you x
Thank You God for Another Day!
Help rt tq
I huge thank you to the for looking after me so well. You guys do an amazing job and for that truly thankful
Oh great tip! Thank you!!! going to give it a try today
TOUR IN MANILA
5 danes remaining in compared to 4 Koreans - More than any other nationality. So uhh, when do we get our own server?
RM mono
please support this my first time doing a live show and I want everyone to come and experience a
Manbun blonde jinyoung plssss
Uncles Celebration Today & I Still Have That Heavy Feeling In My Chest You Will Be Missed Uncle I Love You R.I.P...
Love your hugs. your knee to heal quickly. Good that your are getting the worst out of the way.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY for tomorrow I hope your SPECIAL DAY is filled with lots of BLESSINGS & above all lots of LOVE
Thanks
Love your hugs. your knee to heal quickly. Good that your are getting the worst out of the way.
Congrats Kat!!! May a bright future be ahead of you
The first update in nearly half a year went up yesterday! Thank you to all who have spread the word so far!!
Humble yourself
very proud of myself I know going to be very emotional next weekend. Thank you xx
Richarlison and Sigurdsson
Ignore them
Sir this is my heartfull request to you that plz finish the terrorist in baster..!!
Best thing i ever had my girl
for ALL of the
Never Ever Give Up On Your Dreams
.
.
.
.
oh really. Maybe I had a confusion. sorry you
Thanks sis
Oh my god, How many rappers and NBA players were injured?
Thanks so much for sharing!
Not a Second Time in this context means there will never be another band as the Beatles
in HAYATI version 4K !
Mass Edit by - follow & Support !
Pls watch & Share -
amen
And negotiating for Hani pc. Please please, I wanna have it.
Holding Mustafi should get the job done tomorrow. Hopefully clean sheet and all 3 points
Thank you!
Tonex - You
Washaaaa Welcome Sentle Master Key
Wishing you a blesed Sunday
Merci
Please release Destiny of Spirit Art Book
Good morning
Thanks Tom!!
Merci pour et
LIVE NOW
Playing
Would really a appreciate a lurk tab
Cracked that 114 followers, let's go
Please
Give me a peace of mind,Lord
grabi such a tiring day but thank u God
Long and tiring dayyy Lord please make this worth it
doing work yet again
Pa-share po plssss!!! thank you!!!
Worth everything
Thank you so much for the kind words I appreciate them dearly
Mader Sitang next Week
Thanks i wish that i can finish at least 120 ovr maybe
daydreaming Hahahaha..
Please
Please
Please
Please Min. Jim Eubanks
It's raining bonito flakes, hallelujah House Crafted Tofu | Salmon Roe, Avocado
so useful thank you
Please
Please
Please
Please Carters
Please
Please
Elanti celebrations cheyalante vere heroluki inko janmam puttalu
Dussehra Celebrations cult
VOTE FOR HE IS THE BEST GO VOTE
Hahaha,, unta ate naa pud unta picture si Maris og si baby Lucas or mag vlog siya kauban si baby Lucas
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please Min. Jim Eubanks
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please Carters
No need to say thnxx sir
Coz u deserve mouth publicity n our love..
Such a wonderful film i
Janab !
Aap log to, kuch Din Pahele,
Oil - Oil,
Kar rahe the ?
Kon khus hain ? Is Duniya main ?
Thank you
Can we have a lil hint on when ur single is gunna be dropped
Your such an inspiration dzaii
Truly admire their grit & determination.
miracles happen to those who believe in Him
From my lips to God's ears
Ghana, My Motherland! Aww JM, Enemies God ampa
forget to block kitebbiv
everyone who retweets and likes this
Spent my birthday with my
May your day be great
Link please
Clean
Gud evening sirjee best of luck for ur next.. With
thank you ima keep praying on it
Thank you Roie! yes He sure is
AAMIIN!!!
Jai shree ram
Story:
Bom dia! Indo encontrar com Deus
Lead me lord
Nov. 18 bitchhh pretty much sisters
The music industry fake asf lol niggas only rock with you once you make it
Thanks for the support
always room to grow and learn something new , never stop learning
Jgn Tanya soalan bodoh please.
Thank you ji
And the best thing is that is not in the list.
this is why he was my favorite Dawg just look at that smile for making her day!
Este subes el p.... amo!
OMG World RECORD
-
-
Credit: ColorfulPockets Youtube
Thank you Craig
You are welcome
Help me too please,
Thank you
please share your mindful minute practices! The kids are all a buzz about it!
Save Nature. How many more warnings do we need.
on sana
Looking to join Please send me an invite. via
I see! Thank you for the reply even though not very familiar these things
mothers cry tears of joy
We know we have done our job right.
Always a pleasure to help and be
Kavan on his journey to a sanctuary
fast replies with you pleaseeee
This is her way to ask you a photoshoot. and now, seriously what about an ALEXIS X NOAH shoot ?
Appreciate it bro
I see! Thank you for the reply!!
Keep the faith trust the process
Yes! Thank you
Gl Pre!
Thank you very much!
Speechless. Grateful. Overwhelmed.
"AMAA 2018 Achievement in Screenplay"
Congratulations to and
Dos pesos y a ti, try counting yourself
praying for my final exams
Keep the faith trust the process
Thang you lord
I am a huge fan of the MSN News App Please could i get a follow back? It would really mean a lot to me
preCharge announcement!
Still cheap!
Join and signup
Macam mana nak booking ticket kat online ek? Someone HELP ME pls
richarlison
Super work we love u we r with u
Good Sunday Funday morning people Have a blessed day and enjoy your weekend
May your heart be alive again as it was meant to be.
For your sailing with Christ
Thanks a lot
For updating the holy moments
Let's die together
last defense for this sem tapos next sem na naman final defense then ojt na agad jusko goodluck to us okkk bye for now friends
We are so lucky he chose us
Merci Tu prends ton lightstick toi ?
We shall see riches before we die in Jesus name..
Amen
Elf please. Vote here
Thanks
grbe ko ka love ang medical course esp nursing bat kasi di pa ako nag medical course huy self mag second course ko oy in sha Allah
see that goal now lads
Please no
Sunday
Hope, and
Majority of the viewers hindi gusto ang open mic...baka naman po
Little mix
Precisely my point! i'm of the same view as you. But i come across certain people
Good evening sister
I would love to see this happen, what a combo!
May the old man's operation go well
want new kicks for vball
i hope ... it will change
go but if my work phine rings Ill need a doggie bag to take it with me . have a lovely afternoon
for please
Arra San Agustin For Studio 7
BlessedLord's
God help me
I'm drowning in his words
Today is gonna be sick.
I always start my day with coffee and Jesus
Please
Please
entrance video from of katsaydie. 500 Shaw Events Pavilion
The translation please
Thanks for your help and support last night it really helped me from self harming more... rough
Thank you God for this new day. Another Day, Another Opportunity
Please
Please
big up to the birthday mandem
A good paying job
Eleni!! Are you going to the Arenal Sound Festival this year?
IT FEELS SO GOOD OUTSIDE
No words. Tragic death and loss. Prayers sent for you, Titus and family
Thanks
Gain Active followers
RETWEET
Like
Comment "IFB"
Follow all Retweets & Likes
No Unfollow allowed
Good times som alltid terminalen_byscene ! Terminalen Byscene
You try oat milk though?!
You did great! What I meant was your eating disorder problem. You can overcome that too
praying for their families :(
Whoa I don't know much about this
FREE DATDROP BATTLE
step 1 use my ref link
or code: nancy to get get 5%
It was a great match for both of you..gone through the scorecard just now
Anbana Director
From THA HOTTEST RADIO STATION
I would like to thank God for making man smart enough to invent modern medicine.
Thanks, is Finally Trending Now
God Almighty Protect Us From This Evil Amen
Blessed
SANA TULOY!!!
Thanks alot for your fucking time
Blessed
Thanks Pat
Able God pikin
Thesis Final Defense - DONE!
All glory to His. Thank you Lord! Pa-graduaton gyud diay ko nimo.
Church
Amen God bless you and may you have a wonderful Sunday in his word
May I pls get some Vbucks for the new skins pls
Glad I got this man on my fantasy
Plenty of colour in Cargin mass this morning Good luck to the boys & management.
Legendary
ONEGAISHIMASU IM BEGGING YOU JUSEYO I WILL OFFER YOU ALL MY ADORATION AND LOVE JUST PLEASE JUST
My thoughts and prayers are with you and your family. God bless.
Thank you Lord amen
Thank you, Lord!
Anyone have link for - Polaris from today's event ?
Good time to be a fan........ sending you some positive vibes
Thank God For Another Year
It's not ..
Ranveer Wed's Dipika
It's mahindra kotak Wed's Axis bank
All
Thanks Valerie, God bless you
"Never be afraid to trust
an unknown future to a known God."
~~Corrie ten Boom
Good luck to both candidates. May the one who deserves the position win. Only God Almighty knows them.
You made your fellow headbangers proud
Please give him strength Please.
Thank you
Hotsunday! Are you patient enough to watch the whole video? Let me know, what you think.
I hope you
Sir Plz Don't Remake
Annaya Movie
It's Just Worng Track Remake Any Hindi Movie
Thank you so much
Yes up going to my Baby Baptism so thankful she letting the Lord lead her life
an amazing feeling wait till my other arrive so I can do him/her
Da-q, music on, ts/mp4 file pls
thank you~ hope i'll pass
That H is a Gate Appreciate you bro
Keep up the good
!!! May they rest peaceful
Thank God for another day
Amen thank you Lord no matter what or how the Lord will take care of you. He keeps his promises. Yes he has the control Amen
Aw, good luck sa wooorks
Nothing but good energy last night at thank you to everyone who came down and made it a sick
Fidelis ad Mortum
Thank you Walter and wishing you the very same my friend
Thank you for being my 1000th follower. Have an amazing Sunday
Thanx 4 d love
Beauty of Amer fort on Navratri Evening .
Don't forget 2FOLLOW
Special Thanks rjphotography2149
Go
Good Morning a great day to ress up
Is about to America, thanks to My President USA first in Jesus Name Amen
Don't mess up my tempo
Ang hirap mamili shocks multifandom feels nahirapan ka pa girl akala
Hey thoughts and prayers to you and family
As she should
BlessedLord's
St. Clare the assisi
Amen to this
Indeed man!
Bom dia friozinho bom
Good Morning Brothers And Sisters. When doubts filled my mind, your comfort gave me renewed and cheer.
what a good meal you have here
Good evening
I love it
Merci beaucoup
!
Thankful for another day
stop when you are tired, Stop when you are
Thankyou & thanks Kirsty I know not what I
It all would make sense. hard at work with this new Caravan from Honduras, blaming
Sometimes the hardest decisions to make are the ones that benefit you the most. Fingers crossed this sacrifice pays off
This time, no excuses.
I hope he does
Awww welcome hun! Sending hugs and prayers Love you
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Thank You
Please
Please
Please
Please
Home from church!
he couldn't have said it any better.
stop when you are tired, Stop when you are
Good morning ladies! Have a wonderful show ! Enjoy the day!! Happy Sunday!!
reply some memes pls help yo sis i am thirsty for new memes
Please breathe baby
- ONE LIFE
- Step outside your comfort zone Chinatown, Boston
He is worthy
Sampun sold mas
Home sweet HOME
Just emailed you about an exciting based feature
Got you bro
Thank you & wallace.fortes
Because summer is almost here
Tribute Video To Our "Prince"
Salute to all heroes
Praise the Lord!!!
Oh I'm so sorry for your lost babe, may he rest in peace stay strong
Thanks Bro! May God bless your family too.
This is WAAAY more important than any midterm election ever held before!
Massu massu massu babu orra massu
Archakam ki ardham chupincharu
Blessed & not stressing
Hoffentlich bald wieder in Betrieb
everything in its own time di nako unhon ang Ginoo
Almost there
AAMIIN YOK MARI BANTU WUJUDKAN. Kmren sih yg di share targetnya 8 M dlm 24 jam
Good morning have a bless and wonderful day today
Has to be done my brother
So sorry for u and the family. Praying for u all. Be strong.
is an amazing website, go use it, it helps me out so much
So sorry for u and the family. Praying for u all. Be strong.
Papayagan ako HAHAHAHA great memories were made that day (frame violation )
proud to call you my friend .. please keep us updated how sad for this man & his
MC of note! Prolific Speaker
It's finally here All the best to all of us!!
Yes sir
God bless my 3 year old phone... it might not survive this
Oh god im sleepy alr they wont be releasing teasers on the day i decide to sleep early right
Gn Yall have a bless day
Hope you have an amazing time witnessing history being made !
Thank you
OMG haha na OJ kos sorry oyy hahaha welcome always Engr.@aireanbelle almost there
Yes indeed!
think about it, and have a good day!!
Exactly All the damn fingers crossed!!!!
thank you Suzy
Preach to that also sad to know that a lot of people throw insults at you because they
Happy Sunday!
Its a new working week starting tmao.. Lets go out and get tha bread ...
Happy birthday big dawg blessed
Love
I hope you hear something soon!
Got you
Thank you with all my heart Army! I wish you all the best in life!
Great mood today! start with Thanking the Lord for another one
happy Sunday time for#church
A Man who made for Nation I salute you sir
St. Joseph of Cupertino, Pray for me.
Thank you soooooo much!
richarlison sigurdson
This man has our voice! Thank you Sir for telling
Here is My
My First Ever Video Edit
IN & AS
Direction
Dear God, I can never thank you enough for all You have given me.
Agree ako sa iyo dyan...Madame
God bless you and your children
Hoping for
Thank you for a serious reply
Porthacourt, I'm home.
Double amen Fenty, NYX, Bobbi Brown and Dior (for me personally) are really changing the game
Give thanks
Thank you for coming home with us
Words to remember today
Prayers over Justice Brett Havanaugh, his Wonderful wife and amazing daughters
I pray that he rests in peace.
God Make my Mom Safe
Great day MOG
A fantastic tribute pre-match.
RIP, Sir Doug.
race day but also my 50th birthday! Now all I need is Kimi to win today!
Fingers are crossed and praying please let it be me.
God bless me for my quiz tmr
ohhh...what sad news. my heart goes out to him & his family.
Thank you God on allowing me to see another birthday
AAA
This Man Give No Duck to Haters..
Records Record's MotherHusband
.
Ofcourse! All Azhwar's are very much alive and with us to guide us. We only have to have the "eye" to see it!
1.) Thank God for my Family
2.) Thank God for one more Day
3.) Thank God
+ HELP RT THANK YOU +
happy birthdayyy manarrrr have a good one pretty
Deepest Condolences to those who have lost their lives in this Tragic Accident
At peace
This is why they play
Finally! Received latest book!
Please
Please
Yieeehhhhh i like this!!!! Make this happen!
Please
Please
Please
Please
I hope to have luck this time and win this ,because I have never had an album before and I want it soo bad
Walk n run
Haha! but now do you still think I am Rayta?
Prayers for you and the children, hope you find comfort from one another
Thank you masternim
please make this happen po. Were praying for this
Wish you peace, progress and .
+ HELP RT THANK YOU +
Available on all platforms! which one is your favorite more songs coming soon gracias
Today in church our pastor said pray and ask God anything you want behind me there was a
Good Morning Lady Rose!
So happy you like..& thank you
God Bless You Always my dear Friend.
Blessed
This is the best time of year because Costco starts carrying the olive trays again
Petition for Hoshi to make a full cover of Bad by Christopher, with this outfit
So happy for this and congratulations
Rest In Peace
FREE DATDROP BATTLE
step 1 use my ref link
or code: nancy to get get 5%
You dont believe me, because shit is too dumb! Yess, nothing gonna ever be yours. I swear again! You losin' me because monkey want money!
*prays for you
good luck!
yeah bro any time
TSK PLIS BALIK KLO UDH BENER YAAAA
Happy Sunday To People Who Hates Us But Block Us
Make me Great .. +1 University of Ghana
Yey! Tapos na defense Indus. thesis naman. Huhu.
Okka Show Kuda Fast Filling Ledu Bengaluru City Lo adhi kuda 2nd Sunday 2nd Shows
Karnataka Lo 60%+ Share
FM BKC MACAU 2018 thx pic
Check out my Channel and subscribe
Follow my best practices for building healthy lifestyle habits &
Thank you ncip
She looks like a flower now ahahhaa ... Inshallah
Share
Done ka, wish me luck
Seeing my grandma laterrrr Good morning happy Sunday
need a late goal in Viborg game please
Hard work will never fails In the History You're Great sir
Lord thank you so much!! Grabeng blessing to huhu
Thank god for another day
Once an SRKian , always an SRKian .
Proud of you sir .
I am so sorry for your loss. I have prayed for you and your family.
Family have a blessed Sunday people
Manisharma Ravali
Can you write name in English please
I want to do it right now
Ijin copas thread mba
Find yourself a bestfriend that will button your bodysuit when you're too drunk to
Lord bless all my friends
Make everywhere soft
You know I love em
Thank God for waking me up this morning
Gonna try out this evening on stream for a change from starting at 20:00GMT, possibly earlier
He touched me- pastor version, My God is Awesome- c.t Townsend and Becky Townsend,Eben -God all by yourself
RM mono
I will try to remember next time! I was too busy trying to get in to my locked door
Share your blessings habaddu kyah bert
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
PDS (Except 1st and Last) Quintana Roo
Best wishes to everyone going
With God always life is good.
Happy Holy Sunday
Sa tanan nag retweet and like, THANK YOU! Me, together with my team really appreciated your efforts
I stand with
FM BKC MACAU 2018 thx pic
Well done!! I'm still hoping to be part of this amazinv fan project
You guys worked hard!
Needed to bury the dead things.
Thank you NitinBhai
Good evening
Niou bayi ci Xel
Open borders yes need to harbor more terrorists in Arizona! We
Thank you
Happy Bday G can't wait for the New album
The ultimate entity!
Me lanti actor nundi remake ashinchatle Bhayya
Flop aina parledu kani, manchi story tho randi pls
GOD has blessed no person can curse. The blessing on you is more powerful than any
See you again mama congrats manong ( Xavier ) and to the proud parents
Wow I've made it! so how do people vote??
Thank you
23' Belotti gets in behind for Torino, but thankfully misplaces his pass
0-1
You are beautiful young woman Thank
Enjoy a life of equanimity Here's a fabulous mindfulness cheatsheet to help you manage your emotional life.
Thank you
praying for this precious little angel
Sorry for your loss
Please participate Today at 20:00 Turkey time
Thanks for enlightening us.
My Donkiss heart Pinakilig naman ako. Justice pls!!!!!
Sir, we'd love to see your resignation video. We'd enjoy it so much.
Sincerely, A big friend
Get well soon
These drills are working then.
Thank you and you as well !
Ok, I admit watching the video of the postgame stuff in the Purdue locker room got to me. Damn cancer is everywhere.
God is looking after me
Please play Temple Of Thought and Carnival Of Rust in Cologne
Congratulations, Holy Father Many- many years to come yet
Great time Getting some R&R with other Thanks so much to caroeo87 & amitkva for
No, the Hindu would not be mistaken.
I totally think that too!! Thank you for reminding me too
thoughts and prayers jk
Please play Temple Of Thought and Carnival Of Rust in Cologne
Thankyou so much Sir for retweeting You are giving light to my life..love you loadz sir. Wishing u all the success
life is indeed good when you're full but spent nothing; good ppl pls always stay with me~
I am so grateful we got enough things to deliver for 2 days
Praying
thanks so much and thanks for coming!
9DE5AEE0
Lv75
My prayers go to you and your family
DM
Story Bom dia! Indo encontrar com Deus
just absolutely loving thank you nice to have my favorite twitter client back again
Want all of these Cruise 19 (s) vogue_luxury
Please
Please
Please
Please Markyla's
please run in 2020
Please
Please
Big and cwtches out to ya K! Hope ya have a great day, full of positivity to replenish your energies!
Please
Please
Please
Please Markyla's
Please
Please
Please
Please
very nice.Prayer for his loved ones.
in God's will. I trust your plans for me Lord.
We sure are thank you
Thank you lord for another day!
God bless me my mom dad aunts uncles cousins sisters brothers sons daughters nieeces nephews godchildren
Happy Sunday! will be praying for America today and that Republicans get motivated to actually
FREE DATDROP BATTLE
step 1 use my ref link
or code: nancy to get get 5%
Could we have the honor to see you achieving your League goals on stream ?
Examssss / Schoolll
TUDO DE BOM NA SUA VIDA QUE TENHA SONHOS E PLANOS REALIZADOS BASTANTE EM APROVEITE
Church
Respect you Sir. Instead of splashing money on foreign tour you are exploring our diversity rich nation .
Yes please
Hi Fred, you're welcome. You please do the same! Thank you as well.
Happy to score my first Hatrick but gutted about the result Liverpool
You two are blessed beyond belief. Hope you had a wonderful Birthday young lady. Keep on inspiring the message of
Please bring deals on Yamaha guitars
I just needed two more hours of sleep
But claiming this Sunday to be as great just as yesterday
Ay omg ang layo hala next time Antipolo sana nonetheless advance happy birthday
R E S P E C T
Finally
Watch every Mon. To Fri. On at
Hi gsc, please reply this tweet Is it true that Burn the stage the movie will be screening only in
Grimer CP580 L16
48.854854,2.289534
Screenshot check
May the love of God surround you and your family
When God cares, then who cares
Good evening
sene 2011 varol dostum
RM mono
Sunday, so drop your bible and pick up the Khloe Quran
Pwede next sem 5 days na walang basic calculus
Please this car is not sold yet, help me
| Doors open at 11am. the first day of Florida fall!!! talking temps in
Next time
To whom do you put your
forget about APS
make this happen please
Please RT my last two tweets!
I hope not late here ... 08159729709 Glo
Tani ma video chat lng si hayley sa Paramore Night solid na
Amen praise God we may not know what we face tomorrow but thank God we know got our life in
Voted for ROHIT SHARMA
SHARMA JI MERI LAAJ RAKNA
Merci
Boa Sorte
Jai hind
Sa Bicol kaya, kaya?
If it is a PageView can you provide the animation?
God bless every player every player every player
HD Snaps!!
Good luck. I hope it goes well.
Check my beats! fire
pls guide my family always
Yes please. Thank you
when do you think next live stream Black Ops 4 Zombies...? Maybe with
Thank you Perfect conditions I do love this time of year xxx
I hope they are happy, if they are together!
take it thank you so much
Good morning beautiful I love you & I thank God for blessing me w a jewel like
thank god for allowing me to see another day
Father god thank you for sending blessings vibes towards me and everyone else today
We so happy gaming up this time and very soon he gonna take over
The studio im covering today has an aux cord bangers only
Thanks
What can wash away our sins, nothing but the blood of Jesus! Have a blessed Sunday friends, praying for you always
Pin Brooch for on 11th November 2018 via
Thank god for everything really good
Thanks
Finally!!! Please mnet stay like that for few days so we can get a PAK again.
Of course!
Sawadeekap The name is Puimek Napasorn ( ) or you can call me Puimek. An
And you too. Thank you
peeking like no other
King
all song of them make me crying
monstaX make me HEARTATTACK
More Mother Sitang please
Oh dear baby Jesus
Main Wo Duniya hun Jahaan Teri Kaami Hai
I am a blessed mf man look what the beautiful lord gave me my in this picture rn
Congrats bro and welcome
We the people Praying for our President
Please
Please
Please
Please unable
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Gati per ne fushen e gjelber . Good luck for a win
.
.
Hello there, a followback has been sent to you!
Matchday
PALMEIRAS x
- 30th round
21/10
04:00 pm
08:00 pm
03:00 pm
congratulations paaji! much love!
no content from user lalalalisa_m ? no problem, we can get it from masternim. thank you masternim
Thank you very much for raising awareness about this!
Kindly take a moment to look into
God bless every player every b-ball player every player
Blessed
Both is available. But we only have spot for boys.
NAKAKAPROUD TALAGANG MAGING ISANG FAN NG NAG IISANG JULIE ANNE SAN JOSE. SOBRA SOBRANG NAKAKAPROUD I LOVE YOU
Teaser Released
Watch-
Hope you love and need support and Aashirvaad from all of
I believe I missed your belated birthday wish to me yesterday, I do apologise and belated thank you
This is my first time doing this
So please help it is not big
I'll do RTXRT
And thank you
Thanking you kindly
please take as much rest as you want
Your health means a lot to everyone
Thanks
My day starting off right.
No disrespect. Do you speak Korean? I want to believe all this. Please say you do.
Blessed to see another 24
Blessed
i hope i can be a part of this on november
The blessing did not come from people, so it cannot be taken away by people.
Praying for you and yours
Nice to see u together
You both truly deserved all the love Blessings pamore
So I've caught up on last night's games. lost, lost. Please do me a favour.
Worldwide nice thankful
Hi Paula thanks you too
Trying to remove 4 hickeys overnight with the use of toothpaste, a bizarre method I found on the internet hopefully this works
It is well!
Please patriots
10 days till I get to see my Hopefully all is well. I think all my worries will leave after this next ultrasound
I do follow back..
Damn Really sorry for your loss
I'll appreciate having you there more ...I'll get your contact details from Black Sash word
SUDAH TIDAK MEMPAN UTK SAYA PAK
Talk to me
just bride price. Haba Guy you know all in you wey go tear suit that day
Wan-Bissaka and Richarlison
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please MaryBaldwin
Please
Please
Please
Please MaryBaldwin
Bro the first time I moved out was fucking awesome a process though
Good Sunday/ Buen Domingo
Thoughts & prayers all over.
My babies are getting married My love and prayers all the way from Egypt
God bless every athlete every player every player every
time to get ready for this with rocking my royal blue ethika set ready
FINALY cooler weather! Want to get this DONE (@ Ivanhoe Craft Bar & Packy - in
Please
Cause the most sum of us gonna get today.
Amen
200 followers.
Thank you very much.
Never despite the days of humble beginning.
Let's do more together.
The quieter you become, the more you can hear
Paris, France
Bht bht shukriya itni chinta karne k liye
Avi app jaa sakte ho
This is ok but who will built Ram Sethu to cross the sea by walking over it? Hey Ram..Send your vanar sena urgently.
Creepy Uncle Joe's sharp as a bowling ball... please God that he runs in 2020
Thank you so very much
Thank you so much! Will let you know when I know the release details
Glorious Sunday w/60 degree temps Blessing! Memorial Park, Houston
Please! Shut it Down!
Spawns need fixed. Dogs need less health and just overall server stability too, please and thank you
for all of you! Be blessed...
The best guy ever knew miss him but sure Jesus gave him a brand new Harley and living it up
Thank you Friend
Fish oil
I'll bring some foodstuffs tomorrow afternoon
[Pls Notebook
EP-13 UP!
Oh God do for me what you are doing for others
No specific type. Need lang daw na mapalitan yung number of bags na magagamit. TIA
Goodness Thank you Kev but the pleasures all mine Love my colleagues - support services and
Hoje tem Corinthians!
That would be my Christmas gift la
Grabe tong araw na to thank you Lord
Calm down .
Hope everything going well as a planned
Please help find this man.
It's nice to be back. St. Padre Pio intecede on us St. Padre Pio National Shrine Santo Tomas Batangas
No i want "peace mind"
it really is man, i hope passed that dark place my man also
so happy for you both god bless
Yes So Much Thanks for all the highlights!!! Got you Throwback Bears Jersey Too!!!
Congratulations on your First class today dear! God bless you and your future endeavors
Your most likely welcome , we all pray for him and
& bye
Oh Jesus woke me up just in time to take Melvin Gordon out one line up end drop in Austin Ekeler in another.
Thank you
But when will this person do a course correction?
Sylvia big hug my dear
I shall pour one out for my friends bogged down by paperwork
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Thank you
Oh Jesus woke me up just in time to take Melvin Gordon out one line up and drop in Austin Ekeler in another.
Thank you
Sigh.. Me wey for stay house jeje.. Burnt 5k that I don't have.. No wahala.. Lesson learnt..
Rest easy grandpa like you always said gods plan...
God bless Manish
Amen Praise God believing trusting God for a long time now for all the promises and by faith I
Prayers
Now to appreciate my breakfast Fortress of Solitude
Love ya Katelyn
Thank You This really means a lot to Matts fans....
Happy 25th anniversary Joyce Meyer ministry.
May God continue to expand your ministry
Happy birthday Auntie Toya Fly High & Continue To Guide & Watch Over Us
I play this everyday; the lyrics are so meaningful.
Congratulations for winning the Best Supporting Actor, I will always believe in your talent
She still has me still blocked. Please tell her I will behave
Great work
Love for this
We pray together NOBODY KNOWS HIM LIKE I KNOW HIM!!!!!
the K
DJ.
Prayers
His moves
Thank you for the first of my life, to all who cheered us & stranger who came to hug me
Thank You so much, All the best for upcoming days
God, I see what you are doing for others, please do same for me.
Love this akikobabaakiko interior styling yuking_o Fashion otkmk our throws are available
Praying for everyone involved.
For the love of sport!
Achievement of the day thanks to master tsokoy
That is such a brilliant photo - no words needed
It's just so difficult to keep pace with your events sir. You are attending so many of them.
These young girls think lit to be a side piece but I always liked the burger more than the fries
ah thank you. safe flight lele
Do what makes your soul shine- and do a lot of it Midtown East, Manhattan
I made a friend at this wedding yesterday!
Update
Payment will be made till tmr
Kim you are doing a great thing! Sam get better soon we need our hero, you, back in action!
thank you chanyeol for blessing this Sunday
Miracle of GBK
Huge Resect . Wishes & love
Great read. Thanks Spot on about
My new poetry is ready for update.... /
All the goodness with vegan Ayurvedic supplements on stand J15
Jin and Jisoo. Let them be the MC on that event, please!
good morning brother love you
Thank you Thank you
The ones who act the victim and constantly blame anyone but themselves are usually the guilty ones
ohoy bukas na yay im not ready but advance congrats to all. i hope dami makapasa from MC
He gets angry from himself.. He wants to play very damn ball.. G.O.A.T.
so guys!~ im here to tell yall something okay? its pretty important so please read this
Whatever you do wherever good or bad people will always say negative about it life
Nothing is impossible. The word itself says I'm Possible...
Well.... DJA told the truth yesterday.
I'm going through some severe taco withdrawals right now...pray I get through this
TGFAD Church this morning
thank God for another day
when Future said MONEY COUNTER GO TICK TICK TICK TICK TICK KEEP YA COMPOSURE
i shed a tear , oml.
Thanks
Another massive shot
He's riding his Harley in heaven, I'll hear it with every thunderstorm.
Damn excited for
Support this beautiful show fans
AD6AF4D2
Lv100
HELP RT PLEASE
Wow. 2.5hrs for 5 courses. Challenge accepted!!!
So sorry for your senseless loss...prayers for you and your family
Please
Please
Please
Please
ball all day hehe TyL
Family should never turn their back on you. I know mine
RM mono
Shocase Somdanger
Yes and so it is
so happy for you both god bless these 2 sweet people
You know what really grinds my gears, kick drums that stay put. GET A DRUM RUG
Sai
Would also appreciate a retweet as I am but a wee account
Anybody step in Church pray for me
Looking forward to being in service this morning! at Destination Community Church-FV
Thank you so much for your tweet!
Thankyou for sharing Sigrid
We wish you a pleasant shopping at the mall
Thank you
2nd. Day Solemn Novena to St. Jude
United in prayer..
St. Jude, pray for us
October 20
Mga bro/tol please stop breaking girls hearts.. Pleaseee.stop
Even at 1 book a day that would be 372 years. You are a legend
Haha heart says to love where you are now I hope you will be
They are way too amazing!
Thank you for casting wait to
so sorry
Blessed with another year of life
Dear Will it be possible na mainterview nyo po ang EXO? Pleaaase
how much I wish they'd wear these two outfits at the same time
OMG. We better put our Military at our southern borders.
praying for my second mom
brother sach bolna movie ka intazar ha tumhe??
from - Hablamos ahora 6ix9ine anuel_2blea
Thank you ,one of my favorite authors, for another life lessons & words of spiritual wisdoms
Wondering if you have influence? look around you. for Sake and not your
Sembreak, please.
wadeekab
Wishing you peace & blessings, patriot ladies
Start frim here
Please
Please
Thanks !
Please
Please
Watermark illama indha pic kidaikuma, bro?
Please
Please
go Lord is with you alwayss!!!
Amen
good day AmenAlleluiahHosannah:)
Good morning Hip Hop! a dope pic of the original Terror Squad
Evlat
Amen!
/; I will reply mentions later on midnight. Brb.
Happy 16th
Hello cutyy~
There is my new drawing of Jimin from BTS
I hope you like it
See you soon~
No we dont think so , i totally disagree
Pardon me
Good Morning gracias a Dios y Universo un dia mas para Sonreir FE Armonia Paz pasala..
Huhu thanksss johhhnnn I really hope we could catch up paaa
Thank you for@supporting our community of photographers!
Good morning beautiful day today thanks
Save the Date - Stance Fever 2019
Saturday 21st July 2019
New Location has been secured and details
i need some motivation rn
My new poetry is ready for update,.....
Church was lit
no greater call than to serve God.
Amen
Thank you so much dear friend :)
All blessings back for you too :)
QATAR 6
INDONESIA 5
SEMANGAT
Danne athi ante mari vd chesedhi em antaro mi vignathi ke vadilesthunam
Still >#VD >>
the body ? He is a United State Citizen.
We want the lovers duo in every Fnatic game please
Wishing the best and hope everything works out for you bro
I'm gonna claim it. Makapasar ko this semester.
Thank you Lord for another day
Really Surprised bro
Plzzzz few lines Sollungaa bro request
Thanks
My faith on true Vedic astrology continues to grow !
Shake it out
Semper Fi
Allah o Akbar.., I am late to wish Happy birthday , sorry bro may you live long ever with
Give him courage oh Lord
Blessed To See 19 years of age glory goes to god
It's nice to be back. St. Padre Pio intecede on us St. Padre Pio National Shrine Santo Tomas Batangas
Once again Maate
You know it. keep getting those dimes. Appreciate you my man
If we opened a bar, our drinks would've looked like this
-
Awesome cocktail art by connorwoan
-
Mission accomplished
Praise the Lord..
Thoughts and Prayers to Mayor Barbara Volk and family
Thank you
Aha! not Thanks again, appreciate! The is very close to my heart
God, please save our country
And thank You for Donald Trump
Thank You this experience changed my music career see ya next year. Thank
Praying for your family.
Participez. Merci
.@benmendy23 any chance you could fly down and play for OM today?
Media financial management please be good to me I never take poa
He will provide
Are you kidding me. ARE YOU KIDDING ME!!!
Clinging to Your promise has never been a mistake
As long as I got it,everyone around me got it
Yah think good morning and much blessings to
Lets hope that Leia will have significant rotoscopted scenes in episode lX
It's starting to feel like Autumn
You are just too kind Sir
Omg thank god go
My heartfelt sorrow May he rest peacefully. My thoughts and prayers are with you all
I got what it takes to join just gotta keep grinding my day gonna come believe it
Giresun dan selamlar
Some Toyland Halloween 2018 Party kencsa &
.
.
.
God bless the original owner of this song I can't just control the happiness this song has brought.. My cover
jesus take the wheel
So thankful for my family they keep me going
Jgh SANA MAKAPASA KAMI
Really good thought.
Can you instruct your officials to handle rouge builders that
In Jesus name Amen
DAMMIT 2018, go me ... thanks
Hallelujah
Thanks for the follow
All practices are best practices...
Yoga For Creating Space from
Our great loyal patriotic freedom loving caring compassionate All AMERICAN
Good vibes only
Finally Ram & Leela are getting their Happy Ending Congratulations
No, don't quit! I love what doing on YouTube, a breath of fresh air
Security is found in the Lord
GUYS WITH ALL OUR WORRIES AND PROBLEMS
God is always here for us
Good morning I hope you all have a blessed day
Netaji must be a happy man in heaven today Welldone Modiji and all those who fought for Subhas
I would of loved to hear him speak please give me an Amen for this great man of Christ and for what he stood for
Go get her Good Luck and that you win!
Meeru kalakalam bagundalie
Thanks for your amazing support yesterday. Remember we are back at Sixways this Friday (Oct 26) for our
Thank you good sir
Thank you
Wish me luckk
Ay, bet! Hahahahhaha.
In. The. Future.
Amen
Thank you so much all my friends and everyone on the Twitter world:)
Good luck forever and God bless you
Thank You Soo Much Appy
Following Your Footstep To Be A Nicer Akkian..
Bismillah, wish me luck
Big welcome
Bukas na ang pre final defense. Pray over me
.....
This the type shit tryna be on with somebody daughter when financially stable
Good Luck
Thanks dear friend
Thanks bro
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
be the first. Amen
Thanks God for sending us this blessing again
Enrich your heart with unfeigned love and hatred and anger will be gone away.
More ways to order to your door.
That's a for whoever get the
Now he knows he will always get a reply.
All the best
Thanks score updater
Immu di inko account aa antunna
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Lets go
pleaseeeeeee do your thing!
You are our only hope for cricket analytics, Please don't disappoint us
Our favorite summer anthem, Da
Please RT my performance
Hi i lost my account .
Please follow my new account
Pray for a high voter turnout and for people to see their voice matters.
A victory for Buccaneers today for a good sunday night
..
Netaji will be in the deepest core of our heart..
Lord, kayo na bahala this week. I hope I'll pass
Princess
Forgive our country. Help us turn to You again
Well put and
yayabilir misiniz
I need to come drop my brochure in ur office
Thank you
Omg this is so horrible I hope they find them safe and sound
Thanks hyung
May I ask ? is irene close to someone? because I'm very curious. thank you
great job..please keep posting such topics...God bless u
I knw bt first time kisi parthian ko appreciate karte dekha change aacha hai
Happy Birthday Bro
I wish you more fruitful years ahead
Just wanted to take a moment to thank you for your continuous love and support
$Moodycancer
I need help getting a coat
Good Morning Scripture of the day
Eyes haven't seen ears haven't God is about to do amazing things in my life
Please me if someone already translate &
I hear that
AMEN GLORY to GOD!!!!!!!
Bless up Bro
whatever , just gon write
Thanks so much Niamh.
I always go to cinema with my mom so no problem but the thing is too far away are my only hope
Before we continue i have bad news player is dead. Let's pray together
A must read for all J D Salinger fans - Absolutely loved it. Adrienne Celt
RUMPUS ORIGINAL FICTION: THE
You need to open your windows at your new house
Pray for this devastated family.
Setuju
Good Morning Everyone Never Stop Believing In Hope Because Miracles Happen EveryDay Be Rude Say Good Morning Back
Just came back from Singapore
Good to be back in Canggu, it feels like home here now
I expected SG to be
Thank you man!!! i just emailed you
Wonderful!
Nareport ni nimo na incident sa police? Take care always
Please give me an Amen for this man of Christ Jesus. And for what he stood for. be the first AMEN
is -
-
Such sad & tragic times we live in now. I for them all. With that said, you can't tell a lot
A victory for Buccaneers today for a good NFL sunday night
BIGGEST LIVE ON 9:00 PM
Devendra Kumar
Tomorrow 5:30Pm Full Reload
Follow OpTion
The pain you feel right now will be the greatest testimony someday
Rondo lucky I courtside cuz I woulda had to ride for CP3 Woulda had to ban me from the Staples Center
Hope everyone is ok!
thanks for spreading the message. it's vital to get the word across...
hmm spotted back in 2015, will give that a go thanks
Done thanks
Desh Bhakts Bhakts
.
Ion know what Life has in store for me
But Casino me Friday
Horror Night Saturday & work on Halloween
YAAAAS BLESS YOUR SOUL LEM
Done
My week in the word
.
.
Signup for our weekly newsletter to receive 20% off your entire order and info on any
KALIYOR
EN
Thankful for another day.
events never disappoints The Wrap Up Party La Parada Tapas Restaurant & Bar
Nuvu Devudivi sami
DIAAAAA DE PALMEIRAS!
BOM DOMINGO TODOS
hoping she is fine
Tae, please, take a picture in front of the Eiffel tower we need it !
Can she fight my saas on my behalf?? Please
A brand new beginning.
Esquece
09yh84. Thank you, merci
Thanks so much!
Speedy recovery Tom
Let Go Of Anxiety, Stress & Insomnia the natural way
A collection of 7 Meditations includes Traditional
Lord, forgive me for the things i have done
Figuring Out A Way To Post Full Video In HD guys
Just be a little bit more patience
will post ASAP
Yooooooo!!!!! I appreciate you good sir!!!! Your creativity is inspiring. Thank you
Bless and have a great Sunday
Wow... Tq Anna ...
Already expect this Dead combo
for d reason
Thanks !
should be endgame
Always Excited To See Family
When will it stop? My condolences to the family
Amen Blessings to you
Many many thanks
Swami ji
I am blessed to have your love and wishes
Jai Sadgurus Trivir
Jai OSHO
Happy Birthday to my favorite woman in this galaxy, may the force always be with her
Oho sorry
Thank you
Thank you so much my mistress! surprised by your consideration.
thanks a lot sunbaenim
I hope your solo career will be succesful fighting!!
pt 1 on Bandlab/youngluney
Your welcome
Thank you for the info
Thank You Mumin Bhai..
Plz Don't Stop Making Videos
Amen.!
maybe
I will indeed ~ all in Divine Timing
I remember yours~love the colours
You had to
Prayers
God has a better plan for me.
Please
Please
Bless
Please
Please
It was nice meeting you too although we talk much. Have a great one too
Please, I really need something to cure my post-concert depression
Have a lovely Sunday Carla!
Please
Please
KARMA
Please
Please
- is - -
There is no limit to what you can achieve, if you believe you can.
Glorious Sunday
Yes high five
Please give me fallout76 beta code for me please I love fallout series
Give please I have pc and Xbox one
Please
GoodMorning
Thanks Tony!
Thanks
It's such a Blessed Day.
Oh Salamat po Ama
You will soon
All yall bitches I swear!
praying for
more BO4 vidz brother loved your tips, VAPR got me back to back FFA wins
You can keep the lollipops just take the sunshine thanks
Tell them oo haters. Bad energy stay far away
Hi,
Elvis
Thank,you so much
A wonderful,day
Just that...
Pic of the day
God will protect every child once he takes what's his god bless every unborn child
7.8M+ views and 120k+ likes for Hindi Dubbed movie (#Yevadu3) in just 20 Hours
Link
Kiitos I had a really good time in Helsinki and got definitely hooked for more in my
praying that this cold goes away but I really think I need to go to the hospital because my throat is still bothering me
gives the ability to the life they want if they enough people!
Smashed it! Thanks for letting me be a part of it
Yeay touchdown!! Thanks god
I know people who died not fulfilling their dreams I promise you I be one of those people
avril lavinge, chris brown, george micheal, westlife, blue, my chemical romance, evenged sevenfold, bon jovi.
Thank you fam
DD2FAEBE
Lv100
The Devil is a lieeeeeeee! I rebuke that in the name of Jesus
Thank you!
can u pls never come back tht would be grate thx
On this drizzly Sunday morning in Scotland humbled by your kindness to you
Thank you
Thanks !
Amen
Hi frnds follow n support one of the Kajal fan
Every other day of the week: lets get this bread lets get His bread
I want to meet someone who's as Hairy as this guy. Anyone in Cebu?
Thank you so much guys for all ur love and support
Lots of love and respect to sir,
Dear Lord I see what you have done for your other Please do not pass me by
Legends
dreamgirlhemamalini
THANK YOU POOO!!
Tkt prends ton temps
I really do need MOTIVATION to survive next two weeks
Thank you
THANK YOU PO!!
Someone who will worship God with me
Wadee na n'perth
Bismillah ha emergency exam namuh kinsum
Thank you so much for your tweet!
"History Repeats, if we don't learn anything from History,
When ,We have to
More time with family & friends
Sir mee Movie Eppudu Ostundi .We Are waiting
start
Golf Son Muntaner
Breakfast crunchwraps from Taco Bell are a gift sent straight from heaven
But the best thing to advice is to let him/her talk to God
for following us MR. Keep pushin and enjoy your Sunday! If you haven't already, you can grab
This gave me max happiness
for this thoughtful Analysis of my songs right from
ig : perthppe_
Good morning have a blessed day
Thanks
Celebrating Mrs. Sandil's 80th birthday
more birthdays to come, mam! good health for u always twas nice to
Thank youuu so much
bon dimanch mofi
Please not.
Finished some laps lately
Calm down calm down my daughter . The gsc will be mad
You're Played very well Indonesia
& wow Perfect congratulations you ars soo lovable Unique charming
Lord gusto ko na mag move forward at di ko magagawa yun kung wala ka. I need you Lord plsss. Let your will be done. Amen
A True Inspiration For Many
Great Job bro
Best of me is one of their best songs
durch, 15-0
Adi okkate Kadu 90% cmts alage unayi
Wow
Awesome
Excellent
Superb movie anta
Thanks
Thanks
Amen brother
Looks like fun was had by all
Well done Keely
Atlast October Updates started
Amen
I receive
People do what they want today. How sad please get out on that crowd. Know your purpose.
Hii i lost my account .
Please follow my new account
So honored. Looking forward to it!
Set the sun please
Cr. ig boom_cindy_
Glad you like them
He melts my
thickblackmanlove: ruinedchildhood: Reblog for Good dam
Hey guys!! Please help us vote by giving us a like on actual post itself! thanks!
I know my granny looking down proud of me She know I got her daughter down to the last breath of me
All of our hope & strength truly comes from the Lord!
cherry coke is love, cherry coke is life
Form underdog team not win but the best result for fans
Thank you for all fans
Get well soon
SUNDAY SERVICE
Sunday Funday Crew
What else are Sundays for?!!
10pm until late
HERE COMES THE FUN!
for my costume prize its all stuff that I will use!
You guys are crazy
.
.
.
The journey of a thousand gigs starts with a single click
Praying
Everything I am for Your kingdom's cause.
Thank you Nick
Pretty pleaseee
Good morning! Join us for service today at 8:30 & 10:30 a.m.
Prati function anthe. Dhee lo ese vallani teesukochina chalu
Indescribable by on
Start the day right
Merci
Kangaroos - Rage Colours - navy/wildcat
*Twenty One
Hope to be a better person than before, and become someone more mature in acting
Happy Birthday Joy your boys are still beaching and loving life just like you did Siesta Key
Benzer
IKEJA THANKS FOR THE Great performance clubroyaleikeja Thanks for the host charles_royale
Rewrite the Stars.
Wither.Wane.Grow
yesterday night. What an even Thank you October 26
It's ok we can wait
(Fingers crossed)
Thank Mr Lhar!
I am so Proud of you, Qween LC! God bless you more!
Africa, Iraq, Bangladesh, Kerala & now at Amritsar. Proud of you Waheguru mehar kare!
Please
Please
Hold on to the rope of your lord
Please
Please
please make it happen sir hahaha
Please
Please
Richarlison up top again! Need a big return from him
Big Thank you for your awesome
Please help us help the buy just 1 sleeping bag to help ONE person this
Please
Please
8:31-35, 37-39
He kept on looking at the girl to give him fighting sign. for the girls recovery.
thanks For the kind words Remy
It's me to say thank you...
Proud of you
I hope everything's okay man
Celebrating Mrs. Sandil's 80th birthday
more birthdays to come, mam! good health for u always twas nice to
Gue tidur cpet min.. Buat laga ini. Good night.
Just wanted to take a moment to thank you for your continuous love and support
Goodnight praying for better days
+ HELP RT THANK YOU +
News & Upcoming Workshops Cabin -
She has on own style Yes a Gmama SHE BELIEVES IN PRAYER
sorry oot
Gimmie them bot lobbies on EU pls
This is such a tragedy.
praying with you all.
Thanks for the follow
Amen
Oh i will try again.. thanks
2 wins! Thank You Lord
Jongin's teaser in 1H
Good morning Madsters
- I do Sunday my way, you do it yours. Hope your day is a peaceful one
Am here blessings is here
Omo mi, shey oni send owo simi ni? Bless ma G
Dusshera with family 2018
21OCT2018 soon
Thank You Truth!
They call me Doc.
Victoire importante domicile on pas !! Stade Armand Cesari
Thanks dearling
cause I it nobody else
Praying scary to see as sure all of my kids have done this while at school.
matic akin na yun syempre, thanks bro
Godd, pleaseee send some motivations heree
As long as we hang on
Thanks mate! I really respect the you put in there
Damon Albarn and Graham Coxon at
(told you so)
K.O.Phase Yeeees! One more Win
Making some Alchemy with Zorn and a wonderful audience in CDMX. and Fest!
Especially Maxine Waters. Amen
The match is back underway!
Come on Parma, let's find that goal!
0-0
Thank you!!!
if wins worlds you should come to NA for a season to broadcast
I used to wear hats all the time back in the days, I guess being back here has brought the best of me. Pachamama
This album in tears rn pls give Monsta X a lot of love and support
Thanks
Amen
Thank You
Prerelease event Ayna grand ga cheyandi plz
Awesome UPDATES inside!!! -
Condolences to you and your family gby All
Amen
NOOOOO! I DON'T WANT THESE TWO FANDOMS FIGHTING PLEASE!
I APOLOGIZE ON BEHALF OF THAT WANNABLE
ERRIII HAppy birthday!!!!! I might be a little late with ur bday art
GOD! Please bless the people who are spending time from their busy day just to vote for
May god
Got it in time for birthday thanks supreme
Promotions konchem chuskondi saami Fans hopes pettukunna movie edi
Make us ritch, son
"Im student jock Vinci of Monster Rx 93.1..."
Soon...
Thank you to Ian Ransburg of Top Level Gym for sharing his knowledge yesterday!
Congratulations to you both! May God truly bless you always
So sorry for you'll lost, and prayers for his family Thank you all for you'll sacrifice you'll make every day!!!
Happy Birthday !!!
ALLAH "BEN"likten muhafaza etsin!
Kindly Invite your FB friends to Like our page using Invite friends to Like page option looking for support
Sorry to hear this.
(1 OF 2) Huge shoutout & thank you for the "twitter " on last Monday's weekly pinned
I DIDN'T DELETE THEM I SAVED THEM SOMEWHERE ELSE
Yes, Power to her !
I apologise for the idiots on our side, Virk saab.
Please more proficient teachers next sem
Yes + reaper please
We want announcement
Prayer to you and your Ohana could not imagine
Alhamdulillah. Stay strong Go! Allah bless us aamiin
Please
Please
Last sem start tomorrow!
Our prayers are with those who died and hurt during the accident. May God Bless Taiwan! We Love Taiwan
The MAIN Man!!
Pls ingat sa pgddrive palagi Rest in peace
Please
Please
1 set SOLD
1 set RESERVED
Thank you
Pls announce chey anna pls
Birthday mo? Happy birthday sana maging close pa tayo godbless and be safe always
I have a question What drawing program are you using?
Your drawing looks soo good,
Petition for SHR Cast Reunion
please review my lvl 2 exam I've been waiting for a week now
the upcoming week might be the toughest week of my life. hoping to be resilient.
Blessings upon blessings. Can't complain Thank you sweet Jesus.
All my prayers to hershe got this
pls come back again, and by then, i pray i get to watch live
Please.
in cinemas
so sorry. Sending thoughts and prayers to all.
.@esa , plush toy please !!!
get this W today
26.10.2018 - Breathing
Third and final single before you guys get to hear the EP
Thank you so much
October 21? Sunday. Amen
The shirt of all shirts. The shirt I need so badly... the shirt I want so badly
been a year already Happy Sunday
omg Lord thank youuuu
I won't let this opportunity pass
Have A Wonderful Day
My BadAss Artist Love
You
Extemely tired and sick. I hope I feel better the soonest
Wish we had Wonderland Live on DVD
Hoje tem
Merci
Kangaroos - Rage Colours - navy/wildcat
What a blessing
Aku cinta kamu nisu all the best with your study in university
Much needed hug
Khushi ne Arnav ko sambhal liya
(2 OF 2) Huge shoutout & thank you for the "twitter " on last Monday's weekly pinned
love that meme
.
Morning Prayer
Galatians
In contrast, the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, patience,
ricura
Family at Randolph United Methodist Church
You dont follow me, i dont follow you.
merci encore pour ce week-end plein
Awww...he's so adorable! Get well soon baby!
So sad.
Hallelujah
THAS MY NEXT STOP
Please
Please
Please
Please
Music and medicine out now on Spinrilla
Download share
JTC padme Live the life you have imagined!!!!!
Thanks
You shaped me inside and out, You made me to be all about.
Anna reply pls
announcement
I hope something good happens
Sorry I can't allow it
Bless you
Thank you :)
Good evening
Everyone, please sign this.
Right Back At You
Hugs Luv You Lady
What A Player.
Awww Ana, thank you
I just hope after the concert, they will pass in MOA Globe so that they can see the ad and have a pic.
Thanks.
Century no 36 for
What a player
King virat kohli
Wonder IF any , in achiVes o' James & Today??
Both
anyways still a new account, I want more fwiends so rt if you wanna be mutuals armys get it
Hopefully, by year 2019 SFC na ako.
May she rest in peace. God bless you and your family and may he surround with his love and protection.
Give us this day daily
Which is for lets get this bread
Happy sunday.
Amen
Another day another 100. Virat Kohli
Much needed hug
Khushi ne Arnav ko sambhal liya
Thank you.
we in the clear
RT svp
The villain Sunday Night shows
never works only hardwork and content works
Semoga tuhan mengizinkan
From underdog team not win but the best result for fans
Thank you for all fans
Get well soon
All you ladies out there that hold it down for ya mans since day one.. are Gods treasure and deserve everything
What a ridiculous batsman. Takes the Asia Cup off, returns and smashes yet another ODI
Blessed Up Much love 4LIFE is our Life
My deepest gratitude for those people who never stops to believe in me. 20 days left before judgement day.
Bath time allows my essential oils to work their magic safely, gently and effectively. Thanks
36th *
Virat King KohLi
36 th odi Hundred
take a bow
Loved the way you responded on
Late is no more late. Happy to see somewhere somehow they r getting awake
Damn the crackers tryna give my nigga life
Inka time ledu Just 11days vundi 23rd release cheSeyandi trailer
Life isn't about finding your self,
It's about creating your self,
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
leo_sunaryo
We badly need a K&MU mv. Please make it happen.
Best of luck
Welcome to the Live Music show
Aye my homie got me out here so u know u the soundtrack.
Live in just under an hour
wait , make it a good stream
Stop by the stream , lurk, connect
Happy Sunday guys .... stay strong and stay blessed forget to call us for your next event we will be
Loveyou both, God Bless!
charge me for over sleeping please holiday
hopefully i perform well 4 2mrw's ippt
No thank you for doing this
Thank you lord for waking me up to see another
Today is a good day!! Thank you Lord!
Thank god for that!
On Sundays, we Praise COD!
GET IN HERE!
Hi Guys! I'm looking for 1 tickets of any Lowerbox Limited, A, B or C. Please please please. DM Me.
Out of words ...36 already.. Jeez wat a guy Virat KING Kohli
I U GET UR GOAL
36th ODI century G.O.A.T
Mass plagiarism by cult followers
36 th
GOAT
is - -
Kanang gnahan nami mo stop butttt the advices sa mga pipol mka touch thanks for the support
Namaste - the God in me greets the God in you.
Please
Please
Copenhagen
Please
Please
Someone put a "free muffin or mini pastry" sticker from McDonald's on my phone. Thank you McDonalds God's
That Luna
next time nct and exo are at something i better get a kaiyong interaction
Thank you for the likes and retweets! Have a great day!
Happy birthday enjoy
Prayers to you and your family So very sorry
us pray. viral video redux is 3, 2, ....
I believe in you
Today
Thousands of volunteers attended spiritual congregation/Naamcharcha today
His Humble Appeal brought Tears2 myEyes
My 2All Great Ayyappa Devotees
Sad,
Just need that 1 big break
Have A Wonderful
Sunday Gary
is an achievement for all other where it is a habbit for this guy
My thoughts are with you at this trying time , going to be okay
Whatever u did with PPM activists, at the last minute u stood with decision.
is - -
Thank you for sharing these important facts. I find that more often
36th Odi century for
GOAT
AMEN WE BLESSED 4 ANOTHER DAY TO BE ALIVE IF YOU BREATHING THEN YOU ACHIEVING ( snoopdogg VOICE )
And let him lead us on the righteous path
Thank you
My Boa Been GON Fa 5 Welcome Last Was Up
Buzzin mate
A men like this please
Inko 2 years Lo Sachin record out.
King
Finally
Wednesday
I hope so...
I suddenly remember what happen to my papa bout 2 years ago... It so painful but what I did is trust HIM and pray...
36 ODI centuries already!
Faster than Modi's dream bullet train!
Kohli
Pine Grove, La Showed Real Fan All The Way Wit It
Candy's Mens Club
Thank God for another day
This Guy Is Unstoppable
Virat Run Machine Kohli
Kohli's century..
60th in International cricket
36th in ODIs
More of this please.
Condolences to you and your family
Hamdallah. Semoga lulus one shoot directly
That's like my boy!
Lleno de Amor junto a mi flia
Today
Thousands of volunteers attended spiritual congregation/Naamcharcha today
"Newsflash: Foundation partners with and (#TRX) launches a payment card program
How to order? Please let me know thanks
is the closest thing to the grace of God" Stuttgart, Germany
Out Here Making Strides Against Breast Cancer Unisphere
Papa God. I trust in you always
Thank you Lord , we safely arrived in your holy home , our home
Thank you Lord for all the blessings
I want pls
Thank you God for another year of life 22
That looks awesome great print and pictures thanks
Dream world and yes I would
let's go Chargers let's go.
I heard it. Try again.
This is 's
60th International Century
And 14th as our Captain
The best for a reason
When says I finally got my wings, they make me wanna I felt that shit
Incenso
Nossa playlist
For my 30th Birthday, i want a 3 bedroom house
God is going to continue to lead me in the correct direction and he will continue to bless me as long as I follow his
thanks bro
36th ODI century !....
Kohli Daw !...
Congrats
Oluwa on me
Everywhere Good,but I want say e Guder
IG
Yess good flow unta ang week pls
They are already making it to boarders !!! We need the Military & fast
Just like how we brush our teeth daily , scores 100's at international level
an another daily
So sorry for your loss.
Bless her and all grand mas all over the world yall are treasures !! pure gold
DON'T DARE YOU TO FREEZE AGAIN!!! PLIZ BE HONEST CAUSE MONBEBE ARE WE GOIN TO DO OUR
Me too, I hope they'll come back here soon as a whole.
passport stamps coming soon
sooooo sorry big boy
Announcement pls
Happy birthday dear May God bless you big
if in the Frederick md area stop by & join us ! all welcome here ! ICC is the place to be
(2 OF 2) Huge shoutout & thank you for the "twitter " on last Monday's weekly pinned
Very gracious and kind of you. I am the accidental (by birth) beneficiary of my forefathers' good
ga gini wahai saudara guanlin
Goodmorning LET GO & LET GOD Thank God for another day
Thank you Lord God I claim it
inhale love. exhale gratitude.
Another Day
Another
The ChaseMaster , Run Machine
On The Way to 10K Run's in ODI
Thank you God for this beautiful day
Grateful for all of the blessings & lessons I've had on this journey
Hail the King Virat Kohli
Oh thank you for the luck it worked!
Somebori should tag me to that pussy thread biko
I'll pray for her
You only live once but if you do it right once is enough.
God, they are making their way fast ! Praying our Military gets deployed
Help me pray for my nanay and auntie who are both battling cancer
Amen
Hail the King Virat Kohli
Your voice is extraordinary just got so many goosebumps listening to you sing wow just phenomenal
You cannot keep taking yoy growth rates and compare like this.
For something to
Today is the right day to love, believe, do and mostly live Be awesome today
Century no. 36 for
for reason
Can gets double hundred today
Its been a looooooooooong, tiring, but well spent day. Thank You G!
Sunday ante dikkumalina Sunday picha headache thuu
Me
36th Odi hundred for
Congrats Run Machine
What a player
At the 0.05 sec mark, eyes looked so enlightened. Wow.
Yo! While we're here please open up and read my article for Do leave a comment.
Please RT
Gracias.
They don't wanna see us make it out
"Stay strong
Happiness is free
Everything on God
Let do it Excel
Such a treat watching batting .
Keeps on piling up those centuries
40 more to go for 100 tons.
Thank and God bless
I know some pregnancy woman after 40 n they are ok.
I wish Meghan would be ok too
Virat Kohli
36th ODI 100
22nd while chasing
14th as Captain
5th against WI
4th of 2018
Chase Master
No matter who you trust but stay loyal to you
Make no mistake behind dis mental Person there is Maryam Nawaz
Jai shree ram
Fascinating. I suspected it was arbitrary. Thank you!
My eyes are blessed
Please
Please
Please
Please Ken's
Please
Please
monsta x nct's night night a bu hafta
Same I thought there would be some good performances but there is any yet
Last night we were honored by presence of consul & Pena
Please
Please
glad ur alive and well tho
Lord, align my desires with Your purpose.
Love from Telugu Fans
Most loved actor
Omg same good luck to us
Many more Congratulations
this app.
send my best to them pls
Simplemente sencilla..otro
Gracias Dios ..
Hermoso Domingo para tod@s con mucho amor
Good luck to the kids injured in the house near Clemson University. And their families. That's a lousy scene.
DM me if there's anyone who can talk outright.
PLEASE
Oh.. murag dungan ra mo ate sha naog sya barko by feb. Hope we can bond soon
Let a Thalapathy Swag......
Massive Scene in Sarkar
Thalapathy...
African parents are so dope
Always praying for their kids present or absent
I wonder what'll happen to
Hey the palmettos
I know God is working so I smile
Hi, sorry for bothering you. But may i ask for permission to be in the list please thank you
You're not perfect but I can tell that you're gorgeous, inside and out :) salamat, thankyou, arigatou
Yessssss You please!!! dagdag natin
What a nice tweet, happy birthday Bless them & bless all your family
brother sach bolna movie ka intazar ha tumhe??
Moschino x H&M
ugh i hope our aching hearts reach them but seriously though, i love them and i hope they'll figure it out soon
please
War flashbacks...
This will be us for end of the year awards shows. ARMYs working hard supporting each other.
Classic and elegant
Another match another ton
36th odi
Unstoppable! ODI century number 36 for
A pleasure! Have a good day on Paragraph Planet!
Still miss you buddy...
Rohit hundred is non event. People only wait for his double now
Thank you Bru
Respect
calvary all these songs hearing are so heartless trust a perfect person and trust a song flawless
Lord, Bless me always.
Can PHIXO do the same also this 28th?
PLEASEEEE.!!
At ease
Chala years Tarvata kada
Feeling Happy
Only Family paramga anthe
Politics itey 100% No
Take me to that world please we just do logic , play with dogs ... not much else
Yes! That is so true! Thank you
The detractors and those opposed are almost
Late but RIGHT MOVE
I hope your right but I just see it
this week! apologies, we had a problem at the manufacuring company with some of the items before just resolved
ver.
or
Please
Please
Bursting with pride! Thank you for sharing your experiences
Do no harm
Take no shit
namaste
Okay can ask anything except for second payment I cannot estimate the second payment, sorry
Awesome thanks
Music and medicine out now on Spinrilla
Download share
Thank You Brother
Please
Please
Good evening sir ji No network of BSNL till 7:25PM in What happened?
Paris be your dog ... adopt me
Prayers for the officer and the family. God bless
This is my new mantra: no one has to like you and if they do like you, they don't have to do that the way you expect
Bewafa Duniya Mein Wafadar Log ?
Strange!
I repent feeling thoughtful
Still available by any chance? DM me
TALENT BRINGS Freedom
Gifted Hands Oluwa confirm the boi ooo
i hope they take me
...As I deepen my faith with you Lord. Please guide me on this journey
What a century by "CHASE MASTER"
*an artist
Om shanti ji Good Morning from California.. I also wanted to mention the video link doesn't work.
Done gl thanks
Vem logo Mimir !
No worries dude, you brought it to life
Happy birthday to He turned 27 today ..... your favorite song?
Hope Anna Politics Gurinchi Matladavu Ani
Ippatlo Politics Manaki Vadhu Anna Career Peaks lo Undhi
Good night TYL
Amen to that!
Praying for 8chan ! Keep the lights on Father .
PYM 3rd Fellowship
D-378 Goodnight lover
1. LETTER
2. BROTHERS
Thank you so much
Awesome Reply
Have A Great Day
Robert.
Virat Kohli is a blessing to this generation's cricket, another chase, another century.
Maacih mated
Honoured to be followed by Sh
Jesus
by Quavo is too I Miss My Big Brother FOR SURE! RIP my guy
First experience on a great grandshow the social house
Hope you'll appreciate
Gm to my beautiful daughter and to da
Support PRESIDENT TRUMP 100 Percent
Percent !!!!!!
Thanks
Little Big Adventure 2
Thx mcd
Lord, let Your will be done in my life.
Kindly RT. Thanks
Please don't let Florida become California.
*Sarkar*
Anna
Thank you
I wish someday I could hear and see her singing live
Goodluck sa magtetake ng Exams tomorrow
PAPASA TAYO!
PAPASA TAYO!
PAPASA TAYO!
PAPASA TAYO!
Just like how we brush our teeth daily , scores 100's at international level
an another daily
Thank you
was just tryna do a selfie video Then this happened ...
P.S. We want him on tour
MOOSElims hate us... I HATE MOOSElims EVEN MORE!!!
The power of prayer
Bro gud mrng .,Bro wat happen no reply .,Bro
Thank you bro
Oh hello chako ek hor number 36 take a bow king kohli
Here in your presence I am made new
No words fabulous
you can go
In God's perfect timing.
And I forget to say that you are an inspiration for me. Please take a look at this...
This man is he from other dimension
Please
Please
GOD IS GOOD ALL THE TIME.
Students really be out here like
~~
_/ \_
Please
Please
I Literally watched my closest niggas Grow up & become a A1father. Blessings man love
I LOVE YOU ALL!!! THANK YOU FOR GIVING US GENUINE HAPPINESS & QUALITY MUSIC TWICELAND PH???
Any FiLA lover??
Size : 43
Price : 170 p3
This one dirr quick sale... kindly RT for me ...
Please
Please
Can't say anything more!
Just hope that nothing will get serious
[PLS HELP RT ]
WTB
TICKET FOR iKON CONTINUE TOUR 2018 in Jakarta
PLS DM WITH REASONABLE PRICE
i need 1
Please
Please
Yes Indeed It Is
Love You My Dear
Friend
Fuck your stick figure Blessings
Praying. I am so sorry
Your kind words made my day!! Thank you Joseph You said it well... journey
Peace of mind and less stress more blessings
did chef Chi just liked my comment? MA plz I need help. I want to be d 1 to lift my family high plz help me tell OBO
Con toda hoy
DISAGREE WITH US AND THERE WILL BE COLLATERAL DAMAGE
RM mono
Alhamdulillah rejeki hari ini
Good morning, have a blessed Sunday
With XXX
U got such a amazing personality mate big fan
Feliz Domingo !!Dia del
please help
Our daily nights activity...
Sabbath School Lesson study
no extension please
to Chez Coors in Nottingham I pray for the greatest success for your business.
Thanks to all the lovely visitors yesterday was great to get chatting to so many of you.
Love your work, thanks for all the great stuff!
Hi guys, so the photostrip quality is not the best but I hope will still take it!!
Tgfad Gm
Berserk
Fuuka
Nioseki
God of High school
Adventure of
Minamoto kun monogatary
Happy Sunday babes ! Thank God for another day , send me a plate ! K thanks
If you're reading this have a blessed Sunday
Praying for those who are in pain.
You know what? I just booked my flight this afternoon too
Hope to see you there
drop some new tho ... been off the shits working hard to make some for a
Thank you very much
Wish you the same
thank you!
Amen. Absolutely true. Godly humility is attractive
heartbreaking pictures have gone global of an incredibly sad named Lenci, and many other wild
Baba mi mon reti alert Lori 3078696951 First bank ni o boss
Have A Awesome Day
Sly
Luv You
Disyukuri
Go confidently
Passion is purpose
No.Never Lie....
Virat Kohli
Before I was a Begger now a giver
Wish this article never ended
Thank you Jesus
Welcome
The showcase was kinda fun last night
I hope wake up in the morning with a big smile on your face goodnight & ily
This man is a whole blessing. And he will bless us again in two days
Thank you, ...
This is very much appreciated...
Bless you guys!...
Calculation aage piche karo aap log and ensure she travels there
This is in pets at home I would this work
Good morning. Happy Sunday
Halilovic winner off the bench in the Milan derby to kickstart his career
I am done. Slayed by waddle.
Really bullish $ada is looking so good.
Hello! It's okay to be late. Thank you very much for this!
Goodmorninggg
PS. This is just a reminder that in 2 days Scorpio Season Enjoy yall Sunday
Me and
Sucesso mn
Thank you Sourav more power to you
Rest Easy Slickk
from Song Arijit singh
Its so amazing
Good morning fellow Christian's time to get this daily bread
Have A Great Day
Luv You My Badass
Patriot
I pray for the blind everynight
Thx sir
Good night everyone, peace be with us God bless love yow
Kokobop please
Signs of maturity You become more open minded
Thanks Nigel, the sound mix was a belter too!!
Thanks
Happy Sunday friends! Love this day of rest. So, when was the last time you treated yourself to
Alright, let's give it a try. I hope everything will work well for us.
THE BLACK
Thank you very much! I accept blessing with gratitude & pray that our Heavenly Father will
May God answer our silent prayers
May God bless you do much that poverty will forget to say amen to your prayers
Health is wealth! Alhamdulillah for the gift of health
5/10
Where can someone board a bus from lagos state to Niger state. Asking for a friend
Pls help rt my answer might
Thanks a lot
Amen
Aaaww Thanks Mots...
Awe and wonder. Via
Lost The Ones That Was Closet To Me & That Just Made Me Numb
Free Roe
Rest In Peace Coach
For their birthday they ask to see if their home they will be homeless November
This Is Most Awaited Invitation
& congratulations u both have set
Truly good looks lv_barber084 and
bantam/cruiser weight
Pls
[SF] mind (3p) [1/x]
x x
Tag :
(Daniel x Seongwu)
Link
Please
Please
So far so good
DIL KE ARMAAN AASOOUN MEIN BEH GAYE ....
YEH BEST HAI PRINCE (According to situation)
is too -
Please
Please
Our thoughts and prayers are with and Ofc family.
Thank you very much!
Bitter becomes sweet.
Trials become
Tears turn into laughter.
Pain becomes purpose.
Fear
I think this guy is going to get so big scary if he slip or trip.
just pray
THANKFUL &' BLESSED
Truly good looks and
bantam/cruiser weight
I'm currently: closed for business!
Chalu Ra ayya
Song on repeat all day!
Ki loku bayi
Blessed Sunday To All Catch Me At These 2 Events Today
Thanks wifi gawd
i can consider this day as one of the best day of my life
Gots to get to LA one of these days
Thanks for the follow
Church was Dope as always Brownsville, Brooklyn
is too -
Music knows no boundaries !
||: New header courtesy of
Thank youuu
so greatly appreciated, more than you know.
Let us praise Let us blaze on the turf TOKE - Colorful World (Official Video) via
Hello, thanks
let common man and youngsters know the truth....and reason behind twisting
Thanks for the follow
Hope you guys have a healthy and lengthy relationship
Yeayyyyy done for Biology. May God ease everything tomorrow.
Rest in Peace Officer and Thank You for your service
Prayers for your friends & family
are feeding us well thank you
know whatis happening to me now Heal me Lord
BTS standing selection please help me to choose thanks
.
.
Aamiin
Congrats bro! I'm all behind you this year hopefully this is your year
Has there been a more dominant top 3 in ODI cricket? Made the middle order irrelevant in the recent past
Thank you Bacolod
Jacqueey said she was glad when they said to her, let us go into the house of the lord.. beautiful
Tysm
RT
50 M Views For Vaayadi Petha Pulla.
Her Popularity
Her Cuteness
Her Stardom
At this AGE
Tomen La homofobio NO existe
Aminnnn
May goddess saraswati bless you well
Jai mata di
TYL for sending him to me
Congratulations, Chief. May God bless you with wisdom to serve your people.
Thanking the Lord for today
So beautiful ...
Duerme porfavor
Yep, who knows
btw, so happy for you
MERCI AT YOU NAMJOON!! I am glad you made my Paris army happy be waiting for you guys in the south of France
Ditto. Love You
My Awesome Friend
Thank You For Our
Journey Together
The Blessing God put on you is more powerful than those trying to stop you! Stay in peace The battle is not
Please come to Spain
thank you keep saying it wrong if you want to!
Sending all the and from my people in South Carolina and Clemson country!!!!
Thank you to you too guys for being in our lifes
Now have a good and real rest babies
Video Edit
Version
No. Have mercy joon
the most humble
It's still the same!!
Got a call from arrogant customer service executive today. Amazing
Now I am
Aw thank you!!
This MOOSElim trash hate AMERICA... GOD ALMIGHTY I HATE THEM A MILLION TIMES MORE!!!
// See this is the time where I should declare that i'm: bisexual!
Be strong, Alex. Hugs!
What a blessing. She is delicious! I am praying we get one. My first born daughter is getting married next month. So maybe...
Grandmother I love you and pray make it
What an amazing man Mr Murphy was the amount of time he gave to Trinity Gaels Act
thank you
Another PL app for the cuz today pls Lord
Thanks G
Thanks For The Reply Sir ! ... But Can You Say How Much Will It Take Please ?
Thankyou lord
Rohit Man
Won't call you Maggie Boy ever
Plzz Do A & Allow To Score A Double Ton
But It Won't Happen Bcoz Is A Selfish Player
Finishing my talk the day that giving it.Thankfully my time for church is 10am.
Very few have travelled all the way to the district of the effected and involved in relief operations
Respect
Please Rohit Let Kohli Score His 200.
Thank you!
so sorry for your loss
Killing one innocent is like killing the whole humanity! So many humanities killed in
Allah help the oppressed.
Amen. Lovely prayer. Thanks
I will never stop praising you Lord
Awww I miss you bro s.i.p
Rohit Sharma too scores a now. What a show Sharma Ji
Awwwwww Thanks a Million MOG...God bless you
Satan your power is broken today in the Name Of Jesus Amen
BET OF THEY DAY *Update*
Heracles to win
Fiorentina to win
Bro gud mrng
Fighting!!! You'll do well!
let him do the 200
Solid 18 % plus 16% on $QTUM call.
Fabulous Sunday Morning
Wave setup: ride the EMA once it moves away from
No amount of money can ever replace my happiness for today....
Thank you Lord for the answered prayer
Thank you
Same to you, brother
I want to tell everyone about the story of my city...
Thank you!!!
whoa they're playing in this cafe I'm at rn in Berlin, huge grateful vibes
2nd song in 1 week, getting air play on radio!
Aw, that's hugely flattering coming from you, Jen!
sorry random tags I just try my luck
Church
We want Shreya Ghoshal for next remaining episodes.. Please
A big thanks to whoever gave hongseok food
The Sharma Connection
I saw LeBron playing peacekeeper.
Hoping the same?
for those stays who have verified genie account. Please don't forget to vote for our boys Thank you Fighting !
Brilliant knock by RO-HITMAN
Then let's go together next time
Amen. Something wonderful will happen to you for sending it
Whyyy send me anything Ravenclaw
No life threatening injuries ...
YES! Thank you Lord
Good morning Have a blessed Sunday
i hope so
I would too, but they're all sold out unfortunately :(
Hi KB...thank you for providing this document
I love supporting this cause, but I admit I had no real idea how
Amen hallelujah
But according to situation suits on you prince
Hoping he blanks
Buong family pressured para kay tita Kath sa bar exam
PLEASE COME TO
WE NEED YOU SO MUCH
Please
Please
Jean-Paul II, chantre du rosaire
We are grateful to have these assistants
back in the Beach House.
Barbara Sweeney Rabin &
Hi suggest me for Park Xiyeon username
- pristinxeyeon
- puzhengsuan (based on hanja name puzhengxuan )
Please choose one
And I forget to say that you are an inspiration for me. Please take a look at this...
Praying hard for a good weather tommorow
I need one it looks so comfy
For you and your family
Oba prophetess wife, Olori Shilekunola Naomi turns Ife palace to Church
first is seungkwan now its mingyu the presidents of carats who know us so
Please
Please
still waiting on the day when I log in and scream my lungs out seeing you on my followers list please follow me, i love you
Please
Please
I will lean on God whenever things seems to be out of control You are my salvacion, my strength, and my grace
Please
Please
Please
Please
Birthday presents and cake are lovely but A home lasts they become homeless November 5 if you
Well done
Im putting my trust in my friends hand. They will be buying for me since i have class on sat pls god
tb to jyp party people imagine hearing this live
If Raping Is Crime, Then Arrest Rohit Sharma
*
Enni Rojulu Indi ra ayya highscore matchlu chusi...
Can't believe I have 3 gigs in the next 2 weeks + get to be in a documentary about drag queens! so grateful
Good Morning To All My Family Members & All My Friends May God Bless Each One Of You, A Blessed Sunday To All
Blessed week to you, also
Mendy Richarlison Lacazatte save my GW
Amen Amen Amen God is Great.!!! wonderful Jesus is Proud of you .!!! Stand up
I'm just hearing of this now but she is absolutely in my prayers. Keep the faith
maybe sometime in the future we'll see them together
need over $700 before November 5 or they will be today is their birthday please donate to save their
you are stronger than depression
keep fighting and never give up
An innings full of records
Thank you
Amen
Heracles win comfortably 4-1! Now onto Everton and Espanyol
By Going Satsang
People Who Are Involved In The World Can Attain Peace And Concentration And
The Concentration
amazing!!! Thank you
They don't wanna see us make it out
"Stay strong
Happiness is free Everything on God
Let do it Excel ways
Wow, that worked. Thank you.
Last account was suspended at 20k
Y'all got me back to 20k in less than 3 months
This is mad . Thanks
Brought Sigurdsson in for Mane, do me proud lad!!!
Take a bow champion
Thank you very much
totally spies
Can Dhoni come please
Get this Win for today
50 M Views For Vaayadi Petha Pulla.
Her Popularity
Her Cuteness
Her Stardom
At this AGE
shows the good side of humanity PLEASE VOTE for them & NK in the thankyou!
Bryce ~ You are Amazing Grateful to follow you
The next Mr. & Mrs. Smith we love you and we support you Jadine all the way, godbless you always!
Great upgrade!
She was on my wish list
this bot is not understanding me please change him
hope ur not a catfish oops
Great
Yes... It's very true Swamiji. . Jay Gurudev
246 partnership Comes to an end
Omar, praying for you, man.
Thank you so much Sis Have an Awesome day!!!!
finals week start tomo.
new kicks coming soon.
love you kid keep yo head up
FINALLY got a second to listen to this album and I get to see this GENIOUS open for atmosphere tonight at HoB
Thank you for your trust.
So naturally sweet happy, young, sweet face, lovely
Thank you
Wow! Lisa Wow! Thank you
Ungsendele
thank you GA sul HAHAHAHAHA
I hope i win this
By Going Satsang
People Who Are Involved In The World Can Attain Peace And Concentration And
The Concentration
Partagez vous merci
Nice! Congrats dags
is too -
Jy hind
Thank you for wrapping the most beautiful concert tour in North America and Europe till we meet again
We die here
...Follow for more
Akwa Ibom State Government House
Thanks Coach Arlen
Podhum
RIP Officer Antwan Toney
Deepest sympathy
This has to stop .
Once you've witnessed a or Sunset from somewhere other than your little corner of the world, you
semoga
Congratulations fam God Bless you and your wife to be.
Prayers God bless.
Don't just buy any bread. Buy Craft Bread - for that authentic taste.
Love your music
WE LOVE ABUSER SREE
god give me all pussy
Well played skipper whattta innings
We want like this innings more from u
You are a god.
Sunday Specials Get A Slot NOW W/ No Bank Info Required !! Accepting CashApp , Western Union Or MoneyGram
Thanks . We are sure working on the article. Lovely to chat with you again. A reminder of the
Thank you so so much. Humbled by this, really.
Yay! Supportive bro, kindly tell meme to tweet pls.
please buy and delete TikTok you are our only hope.
0149802261 Gtbank please
I am so sorry for your loss. Praying for your family and Titus.
Basic is finally on the pitch But who is the striker ?
So sorry to read about your loss.
Amen love we will
God speed! In my and
Happy birthday my bro for life ... God bless you x yours
Te Mya
Please
Please
Please
Please
I always look forward too a nice Sunday dinner
Woah.... Happy Birthday
. Live a long Alpha life
JTC padme Live the life you have imagined!!!!!
Happy Sunday to you Have a blessed day!!!
Aw, a shame! If Beale Street Could Talk, going out on a high I think
father lord i give you praise
!!!!!!!!!!!!!
so imma try to go vegan for sembreak. wish me luck hope I die in the second day hahahaha
Amen! Thank You God
faithdrivenworld
Amen -
Thank you for EVERYTHING
Actually really need to win this one to be able to get my teeth done
Can we do this Sinners? Pretty please
tweets tinta English as well to.make it viral!
Neighbors! Pumpkin Spiced Pride Support the team that supports the Join our mission, click
Happy Sunday ~ GRIND more importantly, I ~
Amen
Thanks Dan Greetings from me to you!
There is a high wind warning in place for the Kessock Bridge. Please
Tout est
Revelation. Thank you Lord
Life goals being achieved!
Hopefully
This! You always been a real one -
Oluwa shower me with your blessings , I dey your bathroom
Unstoppable VIRAT.... UNBELIEVABLE ROHIT.... U both really outstanding.... Great performance....
on nov. 3 or 7 sana.
Special player special Mr hitman treat to watch always bro u beauty sharma ji
P
R
A
Y
My brother is going church, I asked him to pray for me
Thank you sab for the dog park and the management is international standards
I said you have been quiet things are happening! God speed going up to God's throne for all the
Thank you so much Hassan I really appreciate it
Amen
Absolutely Amen you hit the nail right on the head
Please
Please
Please
Please
Praying for your dad's recovery.
Thanks .
thanks for the follow
I will sir. Thank you po sir!
God bless the homies, you know?
Thank you
Bless the little and the little becomes a lot
Some much-needed good news for Ireland. Seamus Coleman is back and starting for Everton today
I love you forever meri ruhi meri jaan
Khayal rakhiyega apna Biwi
And I'm sorry..
Relationship perfect
The symbol of self respect, bravery, spirituality
Na DevulluBabai Abbay
Chalu Devuda
Thank you for amplifying my message.
thanks
street fight
Sorry for your family's loss.
Born To Create Records
How can I not smile with so much love ... the unconditional love of pets and kids is a true healer. Thanks
"Pikin4Sun comot like angel"
My deepest prayers, sympathy and condolences goes out to the families of the
Growing Thank God for the day
You Got This Baby Keep Fighting
I knew ittttt!!
Mo try lati ojo pipe,ko lole.
Thank you o brother
God
Thanks boss
2 in a night exactly what i posted earlier this morn. and, this is 1 of my all-time favorite refrains, too..
LOL then I take your opinion on it. If we gonna call it out do so across the board. Zero favouritism.
Pray for Taiwan
please
Priority to health please!
Will always be grateful to you
Ohh, My mistake, Thanks
High thinking simple living only and only Kavita Krishnan Guru Mata.
.
squad is completed now.
Alhamdulilah
Thank you. Hope you are well Coach. God bless you and your family.
wait to get home and see my new dog y tiene asta pinche papeles el puto
That would make me feel better. Thank you. good people
It's has been resolved
The anticipation for next weekend is going to get me through this week
Guy is broke!!!!!! Any vacancy?? Hook a brother up
you
in progress. Will disclose soon! Thanks a lot for support. We must make Dharma Triumph again together.
it would be great but chances are slim
needs this Reg in his life .... & I need a weekly Leistner take over on in mine
especially as he set the template from the Chennai floods
Thanks Evo
Thanks for this GA
Thanks
More than welcome Trini
Thanks
Germanyyy
Thank you
Don't please we need to win bi shidda
BRING THE PAIN JUDGE(S)!!!!!! We you all and are for all of you! God Speed!!!
One day, self. One day
Grate anna
Happy Birthday God bless
Yes, I got this
Never underestimate the sharp mind of NAMO... like Dr Swamy.
CBI.... independent body so
Please
Looord please take care of this anxious heart
You're Welcome & Thank you so much
Thanks
Yeah hopefully in future
Keep him close to your heart Kay especially when he makes your heart sings ..
Please
Please
Amen , and you too, thanks
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Really Salute to those heroes But present scenario is different at Borivali Police Station no one
Thank you! you too! Hope a great one!
Smart answer you smart girl. I mean it tho.
May Allah protect you Thank youu ! And to protect you too
R.I.P homie cool dude , stayed fresh ,I remember the red truck bout to get towed me calling you ,
Photobooth babyyy
For bookings and reservations 09161892090
at Dante De Vera
My all time favorite song what a beautiful tribute then and now
We need more of this. Lift each other up.
my heart goes all out to your crusade and to all the voiceless kashmiri men, women and children
Ironically, I DJed here last year for the architectural club. Hope everyone's alright.
My support system is amazing. If I had a picture with all my other supporters I would show off just as well
I Wanna See Everyone Succeed If I See You Grinding You Will Be Rewarded For All your Hard Work You Put In
so we conclude why PM Modi has not condoned those 10 deaths today
Good bye sir
Lord! I will Praise you always. Amen!
Able God
Netas r above law .
When will you open the DMs? Soon after i eat
Time will heal you Domo positive thoughts, uplifting your spirit, mind, soul and body.
Dera Sacha Sauda Sirsa Today Namcharcha
H A P P Y B I R T H D A Y
My brother forever! Wish you was still here, things would be
Amen GOD leads the path for me
Virat Kohli departs after scoring 140 off 107 balls
.
Well played Champ!
.
Kohli's Century.. .
60th in
I'm loving the fact i genuinely just don't need open work on Sundays! Now to find a new house, and live on my own! Watch this space
Oga is back again ...
Linus of Nigeria
Oga Lai
Hello Yoongi, I see you, you see me FUCKING EYE CONTACT
God Bless!
Please no adapters like we had to with the WiiU
Hitman
u too
New Meditation session beginning in November
Dog's are God's gift to Humanity ie GODOG Absolutely No One will ever Love you like a Dog Love's
Thanks for sharing
never heard of it
please please publish this
If any queries, my DMs are always open
Thank you
can I translate it into Spanish please? thank you so much for translating!
Praying for your complete healing! God can and He will deliver you! Cry out To Him and watch Him work. He
Talk to God before going to bed
windy out there! that the wind is behind me, pushing me forward on my run this morning...instead of in front, pulling me back!
This happened about 5 minutes away from my apartment 30 injuries or so injured, hope everyone recovers
Praying for speedy recovery for my bro
Know that it is Satan wants to discourage, distract...remember what God wants and stick to the ministry
wow! 5 shinies . Congrats
Hope you catch your in the next session
The enemy is working full time!! This tells us that supporting the man that God anointed. Prayers!!
nice jam
Wish I could understand d language
But I know say ? But hvnt seen yet
Keep d good man, God bless
RIP Gauri & Bhavya&let us live in peace.
It is only when Gauri & Bhavya will RIP that
Anyone down to gameshare me BO4 for Fifa 19 or PS4
Great Reply.
fountain of life
Goodluck sa lahat bukas specially to my classmates and pWEndShIps
only love no hate
Kl Job ka first Day ...
Rab ji sab ache se ho bss
Thank you brooooo when the time is right we shall do a collabo.
Unbearable pan. So,so sorry for your loss. for you and your family.
+
WOULD LOVE SOME VODKA PLEASE.
Gripping thread Kim K really is breathtaking I stan
Hindi audience
God bless her
But
.
.
.
OK bro. thanks to you, for supporting my drawings
Praying for speedy recovery of my bro
Thank you Bacolod
Someone send me a link please The screenshots are killing me!
Anyone pursuing a dream or goal. stop even when you think you lost everything. God sees your heart.
very sad all that
You're the mother theresa of our century
Proud of you
Thumbnail for
"BEST CLASS BO4"
Aviiis plzz
&if you like this and for help me
You both look stunning I wish I was there hopefully see soon in Saudi Arabia
Thumbnail for
"BEST CLASS BO4"
Aviiis plzz
&if you like this and for help me
Finally sat down and caught up with star like Okaay got me feeling all kinds of emotions this morning !
Thank you for RT'ing
Thank You Kurt
- He Left Everything For The Sake Of People, N To Give A Best Future For The YOUTH
Wongwian Yai xBKKTH
.
.
Shot with Mark III + FE16-35mm f/4 ZA
.
.
Thank you for inviting me, bangkokspirit
.
Yaar hasne k alava Hume shout out Kar do hum introvert Hai
no hacking please
Only 5 minis left
After mini then 5s in whole raffle
RT
From The One & Only Amazing Man I Call A Friend sourcemessages
Not now
The whole of God is present at every point in space at the same time. Take time to meditate on this great idea.
Good morning everyone have a blessed day
Selma Blair has always been bae
Bless you bruv
I hope Karma comes to whoever did that to a kitten. God bless the man who saved
Yeah, it was super weird but thank god it's gone now
it looks like i have to retake the test many times to get a good score rip my wallet
TEAMWORK!!!!!
Thank you Terry
pleeeease if yall have extra tickets!!!!
signed, Rt ed
May God bless you so much that poverty will forget to say amen to your prayers
do what you do!!!!
Landed ahead of schedule!
Bhai ne agar baal kaat diye toh mood off hu jayega
Sir we want that Deleted Fight Sequence..
Tomorrow Day
4 YEARS OF PRIDE
Good Morning Kim K Happy Sunday Blessings
<3
i lost all my memories the past is gone new beginning Thanks Jesus
My only motto in life is don't lose.
You get what you got, it's what you pray for.
u prehesh ne paqe
Hope your day is going good love you happy and my heart is beating so fast right now I hope your day
What a bumpy road we travel and no answers in sight We have to depend on our own strength and comradery.
Please
Please
Thank you Cyprus... Once again, been a pleasure . Until next time
ESOOOOO<<<<<< AY QUE LUCHAR POR LA FELICIDAD<< MI
exo, red velvet, btob, astro comeback next month..... pls bigyan nyo kami ng moments char
Thank you
Please
Please
Kill us like this
100% bunny boy nuv remake cheyavu Ani na nammakam...
sleep well and sweet dreams
hopefully, feel a lot better tomorrow
Por Favor!!! GRABEN EL LIVE DE HOY NO DEJEN MORIR A UNA CACHER
12 an hour god blessed me with job .... .... Tighten down lets get it
Greed..... Thank you for RT'ing Sandra
Take a bow champ
Please Think of yourself and be as a women. And then do it all whatever you are doing with.
May GOD continually you in His light as you pierce the darkness
That isn't as unpopular as you think! He is one of two for me to save my disastrous GW!
Thank you , we learn every day.
Thank you
pls rt
I'm saving this, David, and will check out her other posts. Thanks for sharing!
Opo...
Hope I win thanks so much for doing these things!
Thank you, have a wonderful day
Jai Ho Jai Hind Salute to Maharashtra Police
Went to go see a house yesterday and my mom and I put in an offer immediately. Praying that we get it
Thanks a lot for responding and I understood what you meant
The Golden boy is destined for greater things
Hii i lost my account .
Please follow my new account
Please don't shoot the monkey, oops, the messenger for reporting in this.
Hai udah yaa, wish me luck
Btw boleh mutualan?
landed see you there .
At last thank God 0088589380 balogun Jonathan (diamond bank)
Grateful; Lord
Sympathy for those who are Stelter-gendered
Goodnight everyone
Thanks
Aww i feel so touched thank you so much I will uwu ~
Thank you Omotee!
Goodnight
Thank you so much.
Have yourself the best Sunday that you can.
hope u have your voice back xxx and am u will be able to come to the UK xxx
No thank YOU
of the for those who the
.
Namaste em Ananda In The Himalayas
Good luck.
Thankful to see another day that promised
I will do my best to combat the weather, comrade
So many people dropping account numbers in the comments. Becareful there grootman
And
I can make it happen thank
Hopefully he keeps it up
Ty for sharing. Been to 1 of your talks. Its a loss to the conf attendees not to have you there.
Thank you Jaz
Fuck
COMING HOME
Thank you
| Instagram
| "Important victory, wishing you rapid recovery my friend "
Will always be grateful to you
new merch says it gonna take around G3 to make it me. Coming to G1 and traveling for Florida. Got any hookup.
Nic* twit* deer
Pls RT
[ G.O ]
BAE JINYOUNG
By
390 200
40/60
slogan+zipper
Thank you Paul
Man...wow....Simply amazing. let's get this win for Rich today
Donot worry on those troll, u r our girl
Sir tomorrow is my exam please I need your blessings
Amen
Hey could you remove the App from the dock when she's running and just keep the logo in the menu bar ?
Thx (been years since FNL CHS, Glad you're still making folks laugh
thank you
Best six hitter in the world period
One of the best parts about watching cricket
Elegance at its vintage best
Wish me luuuuck para sa exam tom ng ICT & Accounting
Watching my wife and grandson sleep and realizing how blessed I really am.
I support it.
"HU$TLE LIKE IT'S NO TOMORROW."
To My Uncle Chuck
:
For
Climax dialogues lo intensity
Congratulations!!! . Praying you both have many more years of happiness, love & prosperity!
Dear Satan please let me be petty to post and expose these nikkas
like to give blanxrose blanxandneedles a big shoutout for this dope piece of art . Thank you
Namaste
TABANGI AKONG MGA AMIGA NGA MAKA ALINGKAWAS SILA SAILANG PAGKA BASTOS
Amari Cooper to the please
4 years of Kaththi dayTomorrow
Thank you
Aww! prayer for a friend.
they are still rough sketch but thank you!
I know many that need to be thrown to their death. Milady, we desperately need you to survive.
Please
Please
Please
Please
Retweet fast
Follow all Retweets
Follow back %
Follow Me for fast FB
You must follow back
Turn on my notifications
Please
Please
Please
Please Post -
God gives us the strength to overcome depression. We are able to do so many great things, we just have to believe in Him.
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please Post -
Please
Please
Thanks brother!
Go check it out!
Lit!!! Cant wair for ATL
Unstoppable! ODI century number 36 for .
The hitman strikes again!
reaches
Lord, make me stop profiting hugely from arming the not yet
Six's Entha Gattiga kodathavra
"Speak the truth even if you're accused with lies"
-@BroEliSoriano
Yeah do that
Avec mon ami Mathieu
For Sale.
dm for further information.
What's the hidden "object" &"#label" it! See it?
Start the convo! let the labels flow; remember names are
Someone should comman spoil me na abeg
thank you to those that voted. I see the light and the way now, and that is the call.
Happy birthday to bestest father of iKON wishing for your health and happiness love ya~
feeling hopeful
Patch SqueakTime
Amen!
This Man He Is Unstoppable
Watttaa Player he is
The Most Consistent Player Of All Time in Cricket History
Blessed to finally see my kids from church after 2 weeks!
So sorry for your loss
welcome.back legend
Pray for them trust god that he will help them rid themselves of their hate, and find
yeah, let's hope
Thank you
Carrie Fisher would have turned 62 today.
pa accept favoriteeeee Chie Rosell
Beautiful and cool thanks Ken
When you found the truth, be freed from worries in this dunya and achieve inner calmness
Primary program have to listen to old ladies telling life stories today
Thank You Lord day well spent
Hugs
Thank You.
Amen
just really really grateful. This year has been real good to me.
im sorry for asking bc i dont know how a concert in sg works djdjd
Please
End of this month
We can handle the issue without your help sir. So far we did well
Fasho family
Stay with me, Ander !!
yes yes yezzz it's time fo me to die. gudnyt, pray fo mah soul kidding
Thoughts and prayers are with you and your family in these trying times
Yeshhhhh and I hope just stay just the way she is And i also hope the other members would be there for her
A-Reece really did something with Karma we are extremely grateful
Me too Thank you so much Good Nite
Chargers got the best uniforms in the league, its not even close or up for discussion. those powder blues tho
Unstoppable! ODI century number 36 for .
The hitman strikes again!
reaches
Friendly girl GENESIS,2, to be killed by NYCACC 10/22. Free transport to 12 NE states if you save
SHOW TIME
CRAZY EVENT
CRAZY PEOPLE
CRAZY TEAM TEACH: GRAZIE 1000 giorgoschatzimichail
AERODANCE CLASSE
Thank you
Morgane & David Guetta
amen to that They are so adorable
been going through it lately but grace always sees me through
Happy Birthday immarly I wish you happiness, & love, anything you want the world is yours
Thank you
Wish ko uhm...
The bond I have with my mother I swear nobody can break that bond am blessed to have her
sorry
i was being a creep and rt your poke/mega arts
forgive me
two down: 2019 DOST-SEI Science and Technology Undergraduate Scholarship Examination
TO GOD BE THE GLORY!!!
+me
Really hope this move helps him!
I pray for the soul of this young man
take care of life! We need to care for our planet earth. People over profit!! Life over profit please
Thanks
: Retweet fast
Follow all Retweets
Follow back %
Follow Me for fast FB
You must follow back
Turn on my notifications
Amen
Take heart Dear...... Accept my condolence
Please could you RT he is a 9 year old boy who is battling against cancer for the second time and
Amen Father I thank You.
Wow this is sick for the victim
Thanks Padosi
Inshallah Will Win
Happy Birthday Mommy , Rest Up Love you
preach
SO CLOSE!!
Vedad fires a header that falls agonisingly wide of the far post!
We're getting closer!
The Lord Almighty bless you more Amen Alex Jesus baby
The power of a prayer
Blessed
Thank you lord for this day!
Appreciate the write up very much
Tyler Strong
Good weather pls
74 degrees out and my windows are open! thank you, Mother Nature
Amen God is so so so so so so so so!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Merciful
What an honor
Thank you for RT'ing Anais
don't yell at me on fort it ain't my fault if I'm not listening
Half decent start 3 more to run
Thank You
I hope to give my future man my own hair lol
but I def wish him the most success in everything else!
send a DM if you wanna recharge
Thanks
Thank you is not enough.
This story is amazing
The Lakers start the season 0-2 and have to play the Spurs next!? Let us
Unstoppable! ODI century number 36th for .
The hitman strikes again!
Thank you
Thankyou! Im living the life
Katie, please ever change
in the pain and the sadness; YOU will HOLD my hand tight.
Thank you so much
BTS has done so much for us all, helped us to love ourselves, to see our self-worth. They
To the real ones
m glad tour is over,he can properly rest now
Obrigado por tudo Senhor.
This is crazy. & to think I was gonna go to this party. Thank God I
help you out video
200 km
Long way driving
From Sharjah to AbuDhabi
Thank u
Thankful for a new day.
Me & mines are good.
Lord continue to bless me and send a Lil freak my way to. Amen
Thank God. Thank you love is so much fun for me though so I care & I try not to
I'm talking about this so it was P'Big's my babies
A quality content thank you you may consider uploading more in the future
Thank you for RT'ing
Prayers for healing.
Please
Please
GoodLuck to our Cross-Country Teams heading out to the Regional Championships. Safe Travels
I over this shit bout to go down
"HU$TLE LIKE IT'S NO TOMORROW."
To My Uncle Chuck
:
For
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Looking for a ticket for the Cardiff game next weekend... any spares?
All the time
Are you still in AUS after Sydney Sunday ShowThanking GOD Your back tweeting CHER FUN Facts & WE ALL MAKE
it a blessing
Remember to vote for svt on idol champ, fandom school and STARPLE!
God answers all prayers
got me high I never coming down
Sunday's
~Be Blessed~
Interested in everything at the Workshop Mummy life Stanford, Worcestershire, United Kingdom
Waheguruji ...
May his soul Rest In Peace... OM SHANTI ...
Jai ... Bharat Mata Ki Jai...
Piensen en la biblia
National Team
& Team Hats off you all
hoping nothing but the best
I am so sorry for your loss, my Thoughts & Prayers are with your Mom, You & Your Family. God Bless
Heart touching n sensible
Beheaded possessed nun on a shin. Thanks Amber! More creepy tattoos please
.
.
.
Baseunims~ thanks a lot ya! Gak nyangka bakal menang best halloween costume soalnya halloween event kali ini
Can i get an amen
I can imagine the other way round
First time ye rumor sun raha hoon... Please clear karo koi
Thank you
with
Ee frame pic of the year
Thank you GOD for blessing me to see another day!
Lolol. We are all investigators this morning!
Follback min
give me EXO teaser
I forgot we had the same birthday happy birthday bro
Good morning & ! Have a blessed day
We got the HQ, i repeat we got the HQ, masternim thank you
Thanks
But I'm hoping for Stray Kids 1st win this comeback ughhh pls
Brother Samuel did you go to church today
i'm so sorry for being too selfish
Please Teaser
You're stunning hope you enojoyed the tour!! Have a safe flight back home please rest well and good
The remaining 2 months of this year will be better than the past 10 months. Amen!
nah thank you for drawing
good morning
Congrats
Amen
Clothes aren't everything Michael. You should be asking whether it's embarrassing to wear a frayed soul
Amen
TGFAD Long Live Shy
Feel like we keep losing trinity brothers. RIP killian. Was always a good dude. Prayers to your fam
OH THANK GOD!!!!
Two religions but only one true God
Thanks for retweet
so very sad .... may the happy memories of his time with you all, bring you some comfort
Souls getin their dose from his holiness ji
Perfect completion with
9 more days to go till I can get this cast cut off! come quick enough, fingers crossed staying off for good
Taas lagnat ng bebe ko get well soon I love you so much!!
Pawan - Ramcharan
Ma Babai - abbai tho polika endira sammi
And I forget to say that you are an inspiration for me. Please take a look at this...
I deserve some Alert Boss
Music don enter my playlist on repeat!!
I'm looking for 88 keys piano. Kahit second hand basta walang issue
Dream just one like this pweese
Sudah follow dongs~
Wish me luck!
Thanks andi udah ngadain giveaway
Sunday ima go release all my saints
The time after *ASR* is a special period that Allah accepts supplications
May Allah accept it from us, aamiin
Allah ul Musta'an
Next stop for round two of , follow live coming weekend on thanks
wait for this....
2 whole weeks!!! calling for a ban on all international footy during the season!!
UTFT!!
OPTIONS
A moment of silence
PrinceThony06
6
GoodMorning World Ya Boy Glo Day Thanking God for another 365 and a new chapter in my life
Please Read
Richardson, Sigursson nd captain Lacazette. Wat a terrible weekend
Get your nuts in before its too late
Happy birthday to my baby I love you yo China it would make her day if you wish her happy birthday
Thank you
A church filled with family and friends would legit make me cry.
ABUNDANCE I manifest abundance by being grateful for what I already have With the limitless amount of
But really, thank you for your concern, it means a lot to me, may God bless you
Red pleasee check my dm
Ah, im forgot..... the brackets
Tag your friends
Please follow for latest, funniest and sarcastic memes and trends.. .
We found her she was at Florida medical center thank you
Please let him run for President
Thank you din girl cnt wait for ur nxt jeongcheol & soonhoon au
God bless our Law Enforcement Officers and our Military, the true heroes . So sorry for your loss.
Thank you din girl cnt wait for ur nxt jeongcheol & soonhoon au
Amen
May he grant you Jannatul Firdaws as well
Thank you din girl cnt wait for ur nxt jeongcheol & soonhoon au
Paul Wesley play all
Stefan ( vampire) Silas (Wizard) and Luke Cates( Werewolf ) omg I love him
, , Hi , HEATHER,
OVERWEIGHT = D'ONT EAT !!!!!!!
YOUR MONEY : I GIV YOU MY NR.....
Thank you
Make that 7-0 now them nets baby
Really hoping SAFA comes to a town nearby me in the EC so I can do my D Licence coaching badges.
We Blessed Bruh
Very sad. Prayers for this warrior & his God Bless
and playing country pegase... Thank you
Thank you
I created Christmas wish list for
Here is the first item, a tiny feature allowing to lock styles
Exactly. Thanks
Red Button bereichert mein Leben
Tag your friends
Please follow for latest, funniest and sarcastic memes and trends.. .
Amen
Same for you. In Shaa Allah
Nice
BLESSED TO B BORN IN HIS ERA
Rt if u agree viratians
Lol pls remove me from this
rt
Amen
This tweet, "RT Heta_org: HetaChain Twitter Official has reached over 30,000 followers.
Thank you all
Amen
My mother accepted to buy it for me the day of its release, I was too young !! Bless her !
Congratulations, Jay! God bless her!
Julz come back to Uganda please!
Thank you for everything BTSxARMY
RM mono
Aatt
Kalyan ni artham chesukka kontha mandilo meeru kuda okarani.. e video cut dwaara telusukunna.
Glad that I'm following you
UPCAT
Good ol Clemson. Prayers to everyone hurt
I hope not I love Joe for our team ugh
You are more than enough Lord
kimi can you take Lewis out In turn 1 please
Shooting gel missha wis me luck
shame who behind?
* My Red Riding Hood : )
Please SM
Not had a coupon up this weekend. Looks like my lucky streak has ended. Unless hertha berlin get there finger oot!
Please share this as much as you can
reputation is my favorite taylor album and my fav album ever a masterpiece
Please
Please
Retiro lo dicho... Queremos y ... Compers ahorita regreso a la cama...
Kotla Kallu ichina Chalavu
Eye Feast
took this pic very lq but i love how it turns happy birthday king
And since I have permission I hope you wouldn't retaliate you know I am a small human with a weak heart
Thankuuuuuu
Amazing Book
Thank you Guruji
Bhanjhee
The way Rohit Sharma cover up his slow start after scoring 50+ is just phenomenonal.
- U Got The Feeling EP
Out 26/10/18
Please
Please
Please
Please
A moment of silence
PrinceThony06
6
crispy eggplant | cincityeats
Please
Please
Every day..... all the day. Forever. Um so obsessed with Culture and beads Eyeshadow
Sharing is caring. DM link please
Pls help me get to listen
IKAW NA PO BAHALA LORD GOD!
50k
ederim
cool meeting u too bro. thanks for the love
For all that has been, thank You Lord! For all that will be, yes Lord!
0149802261 Gtbank please
Alert never wole o... but song's dope. Don't mind 'alert wole' being a reality for me
Amen
Thanks and have an awesome day!
Thank you
I saw this fan screenshot the reply after deleted it too
Hoy Dia Del
Crowd chanting Rohit Rohit
Thalaivaaaa
8th Church Anniversary. (Daghan ppl, pero 2 rami nag picture2 Ge lang!)
Update everyone on votings!
Teaser?
Yup and let the medical school follow suit here
Thanks
Spending the next week in Colorado meditating
Women who spoil their men May God continue to bless and may happiness, love and understanding fill your union
Amen In Shaa Allah
Yeah, it was a while ago when i tried to watch it.. I'm sure they still the same.. Idk, I'll try again and see... Thx...
Absolutely
These are my on
speak ONE truth a day
Hope survivors get rescued from the train accident in Yilan, Taiwan..
YOU'RE SO NICE FOR DOING THIS set the sun pleaseee
Letting go of these. Help me RT plsssss i would really appreciate it
Muji Moisturizing Milk (High
Pls make a corgi butt
Godfather Trilogy
This is just something else !!
60 international centuries in just 10 years !!
Australia tour ke
Happy birthday to Hanbin
Thank you very much for working hard every day.
I want you to be very happy. You
Your logo is so cute and the pics are beautiful welcome and thank you
doing well thanks David
God bless you
Its frustrating i know but lets hope for their project tgt in d future
Indeed.
When writing the story of your life, let noboby hold the pen. Namaste
I just want to say THANK YOU.....for all your hard work you and your trusted ikonics are doing
this Christmas album dropping then?
I just want to say THANK YOU.....for all your hard work you and your trusted ikonics are doing
Praying for contentment in every aspect in life. Good night!
I really hope performs on the Xfactor as a musical guest Her song bangs
I feel your pain!! Hope you find one soon.
legit the best pizza in
Jersey City fam
Congratulations to all the Congress workers in Ladakh.
Congress wins all 13 wards
and need to do a scene. Vag and balls deep anal creampie would be
I really, really hope right.
4th spot na sa TL. Yahoo!
Wow Amen
Unassisted freebirth
YouTube: Kate Hadley
Louis Tomlinson could reply to someone with a :) and still make that persons entire fucking life lmao, maybe one day
follow me please
Me too
Again , please help me . Im begging
Thank you Lord.
Done rempit
Follow back bro
I praise the Lord and break the Law
Take off your shirt!
is short. My body and my mind is fragile. a human being but my spirit is
Finally catching
Strong woman. Hands down
Regardless of whatever situation life may throw at you, be humble.. be grateful.. it goes a long way! 100%
Super Mario Bros 3
A korean comeback on nov and another for japan on dec? Jesus the amount of comebacks these women put out hardworking queens!
So sorry for your loss. You will be in my thoughts and prayers from Idaho.
Still waiting. Patiently waiting for more songs to be on the list.
When the sword fell , the shield was there
the wall
get well soon
follback donk bu
Thanks before
Ride in Peace, Nicky
Yaaaaaay I'm so happy for them, they deserve it after their amazing UK achievements
My beautiful momma happy birthday mommy. I treasure each and every day
Prayers are with with you
Translate please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Gratitude lot of thank except my friendship
Please God be active today.
Please
Please
Amen
Thanks anytime bro
how to bet on your success & win
| |
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please Helpful Items
Brand new whip got NO keys!!!
God bless you
You too Good
I so sorry. Wishing many pain free days. Praying for you to receive happiness and peace.
Can you please recommend me Seventeen fansites to follow?
Thank you so much!
Goodnight
Good morning
My pranam to this Holy place
imagining about "Beautiful In White" Day.
Check out this track I did with my boy MDNES Share it, like it, put your hoes on for me I appreciate you all
Trusting plans and timing
Yes please
2nd from the right looks like a young James Mason.
Read Siege you guys
Happy birthday not a day that goes by that not thinking about you
I will travel with the loml someday... in existence I speak
grey kda, red winrate,,
Too much rain please send us . We need urgently
Available in Chile?!
Good morning Empress
If you say so it's Fine
Back to stylish look
E sarinodu n nps mass rod looks
a before Thank you Via Verdi for the great service and beautiful soace. and Bryan Stone and Julian
Wish me luck
I wanna see you soooon hoping for my luck this Saturday for LY TOUR in SG
church flow i needed it this morning
A M E T H Y S T
Good for over all protection, physical, emotional and mental balance
Brings wealth and
So happy for him Thank you
I would appreciate any prayers for the safety of my family & I please & thank you
Happiest birthday to this angel right here. Praying to all Gods to allow me to see you real soon. AHHHHHH I
Service delivery at its best
FMA is amazing! i killed that show in two days but thank you ill give the other two a shot! much appreciated !!
Sir e pic Full HD kavali
Thousands Army Deep State March To America with their State
Sub
Follow RT
Thanku sir
Please anticipate and subscribe
Happy happy Birthday wish you all the best God bless you and good health
4 and RTs everyone - scratch back for more luuuuuuv
Yess... Thank God All is Gooood over here again!!! ....
Thank you for your kind words everyone.
I really appreciate each and every one of you guys.
I really don't
aww thanks Tam Tam
speech
If you woke up this morning know that you still have purpose. It's time to press and pray You can't give up
Whatever folks think of Pope Francis, I think we can all agree on this: The man looks great for 81!!
Hi Saud, please check your inbox. I have responded to your message.
Mustafa
I feel so sorry for I wish you the best of luck.
Happy birthday, Carrie Fisher
There are many temple in there man are not allowed of any age so please keep
Vous aussi que c'est comme craint. Work till you bro. Starting the day.
Everything's going to be fine
- U Got The Feeling EP
Out 26/10/18
And on the seventh day God rested
This game was absolutely amazing and this kid is beyond strong.
Clear water to wash away all your worries Siesta Key Beach
And if the DEMONICRATS WAS TO GET THE Control of the Supreme Court would beat this case THANK YOU GOD AND ALSO
I see a lot of multifandom accs quote tweeting the poll they're surprised for a bap event. I kind of hoping they'll actually contribute
Thousands Army Deep State March To America with their State
Sub
Follow RT
Thank you my dear!
And us
Love you Can't wait for
Phillip Rivers on my Fantasy team
Good morning imagine waking up to these
Rt / Like if you love tits
I am so sorry Lenny. Thoughts with you and prayers up for your pops
You are Gooooood choice Villiger Export
The new album is absolutely class. Best I've heard in a while
Thankyou for your kind words mate
ADE 2018 was litt ! Big thanks to and for having us
Tog nata Lord guide us with our exams tomorrow
No matter who you are or how much you have, you still need somebody to stand by you. So be humble
TBT the show by at the Such a privilege to have been at the gig!
Well done. Appreciate Ernakulam central Muslim Jamaath's effort to maintain religious harmony.
In Jesus name God speed
Thy will be done
Thank God for Another Day
Cierto hno.
Thank U
Indeed, there is a beautiful & uplifting symbolism in all these Utsavams which
Why do I always fallin in love to someone that cant love me back? plan
Amen it is written. Glory to God
Very Nice
I put my trust in you
In the pictures Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose
Jai Hind
Thank You Jesus. Amen
Good Love You ......
Worth retweeting
Greatest link up of all time
Congrats &
Wish you a lovely bonding
This is damnnn crazy
thanks for the follow
Good night papa God!
Thank you for all the blessings.
My king
it's an honor for having you in my following friend list, sunbaenim
I soooo
At church with it
gracias amor
Arranging series against wi...asking 4567 to test it won't happen sir
seeing another poc get involved w such a white-dominated sport was huge for me growing up. RIP Mr. Wang
PLZ!
yesterday night. What an event! Thank you October 26
Sehat selalu y sayang drahim ibu amin
Yes, indeed
Please
Please
Please
Please
What Hogwarts house are you? I NEEDS TO KNOW
Thanks to for this excellent wand!
Please
Please
See you soon!!!
Massive thank you again to our army of We couldn't have run this event without you
Pops preaching today...
only failed if given up have a solid day my ppls
Please
Please
This Man He Is Unstoppable
Watttaa Player he is
The Most Consistent Player Of All Time in Cricket History
Hello leadernim iKON, Kim Hanbin Ur music n existence is my happiness and I wish all ur dream come true Happy
Amen oo.. & May we not date women as stubborn as my goat. Women who would never take to simple corrections.
Finishing off this week with another great line up! Here is our For take out please call (289)389-1156
Me Last Night I Felt It Through My Body
good night thank you lord god
Alignment is manifesting (again)
Whilst I practice stillness & patience (again)
Then be
everyone who retweets and likes this
Happy 18th Belaaaat! God bless you bawi ako huhuhuhu. see you soon
Mabinu Maami calm down fess... Pls report to the diary room fess
Please translate it to Arabic
Going
All due to the upbringing of my parents and the teachings of my Guru. Pranamams to you, good Sir.
Logo design
Love me some Jesus
I love Miami been dying to go back!
Nothing like a dab of in the protein shake to enhance that flavor.
I at LAST
AGREE with RUSSIA
Wow
Miracles happen as GOD is not mocked
Republicans and Democrats
Paris, France
still waiting on the day when I log in and scream my lungs out seeing you on my followers list please follow me, i love you
RIP lola we will miss you. Thank you for everything, I love you padayon sa imong paglakaw
11:11
To survive this week
Rest in peace
Minnesota 4 Life! Have a good show tonight hippy
I think in love with you oh thank you
3Idiots Sanjay Dutt Version
Bit Boring but watchable
Ranbir is Dashingg Songs
Trashing and
me jumping into a1s pls to my fellow 16 year olds we can do this! fighting haeyadwae
What a beautiful name it is, the name of Jesus
will try my very best pray forrrr meee huhy
11:11 approved thesis title
Sooo Jisoo updating Ft.Lisa is currently leading this poll in jisoos we trust
I miss Lisa sooo bad did
11:11 Carmel, aljon, and Maxie will pass the board exam
amen to the amen well deserved and congrats sis!!!
still waiting on the day when I log in and scream my lungs out seeing you on my followers list please follow me, i love you
Ha best
11:11 everthing will be okay
Ruff !..... Big Bro
I Pray God Bless You So Much More
My pleasure awakening lady
Today
Thousands of volunteers attended spiritual congregation/Naamcharcha today
Thank God
Many more years to come
11:11 good health
Dimes of the day... to my receivers and line for helping me shine
Andimince for Yanga
Jeremiah 29:11
11:11 No more failing grades
Sure.. Thanks for your encouragement words
This nuna is inspired by you and hope to be able to work like you too. Thank you for working so hard
Happy Birthday! See you soon!!
Equality all we need
super complete ng araw ko thanks G!
Gable Bless
where are my BOYFRIENDS??
I mean, they're not disbanding right??
Help me for a petition haha
God Bless
I am so grateful for
FUN
FRIENDS
&
FREEDOM
GO!!
Life is always better with friends - to new and our fantastic RTers
Please find her!
Glad to be your 200th follower
I hear ya brother, good luck though keep fighting
Please keep him strong.
getting pretty tropical on the 16:15 from Manchester pic to London Euston. Could we turn the heating off please
THANK YOU LEGENDS
Happy Birthday to our leader Hanbinnie wish u always stay healthy stay happy i love you
EL HOMBRE SOLO TE LLEVA AL CAMINO DE LA MAS DIOS TE LLEVA POR EL CAMINO DE LA
to you and yours.
11:11
twitter c u>
That makes sense~~ Thanks
G-morning Twitterville!
God bless!!
Happy Race Day !!!
Happy Birthday
HetaChain Twitter Official has reached over 30,000 followers.
Thank you all for being here and trusting
Hi plz play by and
Thank you so much
Auto Follow Back , Thanks
enough of that. not drop him again
Father lord, do for me too.
Time to grind in Mstage just in case Kazuki comes in the next events
Congratulations brother to you both!! So pleased to for you both and wish you all the happiness in the world.
For God's greater glory.
Wakanda Forever!
Hopefully you'll bounce back my friend!
Man I told the Lakers nun to play
11:11 please keep him strong.
Thank you for having
I also lowkey hope they will come back to Europe
Thanks Smo_ke!
Blessed Sunday to everyone!!
Yes thank you
I should be off but see the way my bank account set up I need all dat .
Chiruthalanta. Hari krishgaru chanipothe gani pattinchukoledu. Emi naatakalura fake relations, fake
Friends if you have aware abt any fund raiser sites or NGO plz help
black leopards need just one more goal
Proud of then, kahit d ko binili magazine nila hohoho! Sorry guys.
MORE PAA JUDEEE!!
Good Morning blessed
sawadikap
I hope he's the one who runs me over with the bike
You deserved
We are so proud of you sweety
Great thought. Using with your permission below:
Dosanjhanwala in green So much excited for All d very best Waheguru ji bless you So much
11:11 please keep him strong.
11:11 still , I wish for iKON success and Good health Happy Birthday Hanbin ah I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
I make it to the highest point in the game but damn sure proud that the message delivering is spreading
Joshua 1:3
already yours.
100% LA SALLE CPALE!!!
CONGRATS CPAS AND TOPNOTCHERS!!!
R FC GET!
I cant believe it too chennie
Thank you
Now we just need an increase in awareness and push for more men to get checked without feeling demasculated
His Humble Appeal brought Tears2 myEyes
My Pranams 2All Great Ayyappa Devotees
Sad!
In
and so well adjusted
We did it Cartagena, Colombia
Yes please. We shouldn't make them feel awkward just for the sake of our shipping.
Stepping out of my comfort zone felt amazing.
Please
Please
thank you Papa God for these amazing souls you've made as my friends stressedt but blessedt Ily all
Please
Please
Please
Please
Retweet fast
Follow all Retweets
Follow back
Follow Me for fast FB
You must follow back
Turn on my notifications
Thx sir
Alert Uba bank 2098228432 ogunyanwo boluwatife bless my account with alert
Very true, very true!
Please
Please
I know, I see it every day. Thanks
Glad I got to witness the best to ever do it smh goat
100%.
Thank you sir
When I
E sir can i send mine too even if na 1k to buy small foodstuffs in my hostel
Our client from Chitwan
Payment sent via IME
Thank you for shopping with us
Cathy Doll booster cream and Alada
LEPRECHAUN CITY MADE
Hermosas
Dios las bendiga
Photographer: get you doing a pose for this press shot.
Producer: *puts up the prayer hands*
Thank you to all those that follow me & even those that stayed a while and then unfollow me . I hope your
Thanx 4 d love
0720296288..
Access bank..
Abeg test me.
This is pretty true I really wait to get my BBL
couple years
there's so much to live for in life once you've laid out your own dreams and goals it will be a long rough
Been a long day. Thank You Lord
My freaking brother killed it at the showcase yesterday so proud of
Design for meffizyolarz
Design by
_____________________________________________
Jgh from Quiapo church
With ma-brother
blessing always
Ontem o trabalho tava top
I don't think it's Daehwi, I am sorry
but if it's him, I am gonna be happy too~
Complete I got one of these
Remember Got You... in his Word!!
.
.
.
JIN's fansupport and in thread is TAE's fansupport please help retweet to reach my goal!! (esp for tae's
Bad bitch wid Food stamps
: Retweet fast
Follow all Retweets
Follow back
Follow Me for fast FB
You must follow back
Turn on my notifications
Followers are important, but friends are importanter
All for God's greater glory.
Wakanda Forever!
w_n_r00 : Thank u TH-ICs U guys were never forget today !Thank u all the time !! See
pray for right eat
1 rt = 1 prayer
Happy birthday for Hanbin's rl and all his roleplayers~
Stay healthy, WYATB and GBU! Aaminn
UNYU + TAMPAN
U know my only weapon during that time is to PRAY!!
Sleep paralysis ka lang, kasama ko si Lord.
praying for its recovery
Another by the Hitman What a player. 5 times 150 plus score in ODIs. Take a bow man
values being 'shredded' under via
Yes please. We can't make them feel awkward just for the sake of our shipping.
Incredibly grateful for those two weeks at
Thank you to all the Brand Strategy stars for this
Take time to go within. Let the quiet nurture and nourish you. Find sanctuary and refuge within.
God Bless you
Hanbin's birthday and SM released EXO's concept short film. BLESSED
Been planning on doing this when I have a family. God willing.
Thank you
Breaking: Griezmann wants to play for Liverpool confirmed (hopefully).
I hope Yixing releases behind the scenes for Namanana MV
Hope this week passes by smoothly
Please
Please
Please
4-2
Sir2 km long queue during holiday season in toll gates...what is the use of
bro..
DP
Sema bro
Proud moment!
from Slovenia oh god that would mean so much to me and thank you for giving us the opportunity
I hope you get better. So much better.
Aahhhh Is it wrong for me to anticipate for a music video?
exactly
Recent ga Bengaluru to tirupati via madanapalli vacha.
Then Tirupati to Bengaluru
via
It's A New Dawn For Us All
From Now Onward And Forever AMEN
God Bless You.... Ogere, Ogun, Nigeria
I my friend, I promise! Much too you!
RIP Officer may God Bless you and your loved ones at this sad time
the world is truly on fire
Nothing is impossible.
Replying to BillOReilly. Billy, I went by your book, and I knew it was for going on today.. God has blessed.
via Instagram Stories.
Pouring one out for the OGs, the real ones on a Sunday
Kenyans On Twitter eeeh I bow down
Thank you so much for the kindest words. Much needed in a time where struggling in every aspect. Nandri!
Merci
Ich hoffe man wird sie finden
Best Collab of the year Thanks for all the blessings our Girls are
Special Visual untuk Meet Me In September
Yogyakarta
4-2 Ja melkein heti 5-2
I'm grandparentless.... Can I adopt these?
Not sure how much the petition would help their situation but they deserve this support at the very least!!!
Naman...
This occasion proves thats every police man unites into a family...
Thank you Akash sir...
Thank you Life.
shooting up the hospital not Kool mad cameras not smart
I applied for a 1-day table at IFF in April hopefully I can get a spot and finally table at a con!
Ha, Satyameva Jayate... aamento vinthaga untadi, acting kuda worst Neha is worth to be on top. Entha
Haaye , gratitude
I'm a born again now
That I CAN'T BELIEVE intro by CHEN
Oh my heart, my soul really the death of me
dm me man tryna reach you
After 2 weeks in Africa still not tired of blessing the rains
152* 15 fours 8 sixes.. Baap baap hota hai..
I now your always watching us and thank you for that because I always watching you
Taking this idea
Vote For
20 mins Only Left
This is Important Poll
Good news coming we have a location.
God bless and fighting for her!!!
Such powerful and great advice!
Good night God bless everyone
Jai shri ram Om namah shivaya
Om namo Narayanaya
Sunday FUNday with best pals Cooder & Maybellene. Both these pups need forever homes. Spread the word.
~
~
gonna hear it soon
Appreciate you
Same
hope everyone has a blessed day..
When the 10-month master suite reno is finally finished and the Peloton fits in the custom nook as planned =
Drop this fancam please
and to actually be good at pointe
Our tweetstorm begins today to & stop the round up of our
Please help
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
they will literally be bigger each year i think??? but still amen to this conquer the world, nct!
Amar birthday kintu 2nd November tomar wish chai chai chai
Please
Please
Thank You God
Please
Please
Please
Please "PUDGE"needs
Please
Please
Please
Please "PUDGE"needs
We bought a few cans and make plenty use of it lol! Thank
Please
Please
I want happiness right now
Please
Please
Please
Please
Blessed to make it to 27
The Steelers are also on a bye week so that is a great birthday present right there
Please
Please
please do us a favor and make tutorial on how to do it on windows
nakaka flattered naman jops AMEN for that
I'M SO HAPPY TO BE BLESSED
A whole tempo teaser with EXO OT9 waaaaa
SM is listening us more than I ever expected...
God Bless Sorry will not be able to make it to the celebration
Thank the Lord I get hangovers
Thanks
Happy Sunday Morning so grateful to you Lord for another day thank you
GRATEFUL TO BE ABLE TO PUT MY VISION TO LIFE.. THANK YOU FOR BEING APART OF THIS PROCESS .. COMING
God bless you Lewis. my condolences to the family KRO RIP
One bet to save them all. And replenish my 365 losses.
Cmon then Basel you Swiss cunts
Saengil chukkae hamnida uri charismatic leader keep being the best leader for ikon Love you
Thousands of Christian movies ... stream from right here!
Pour le salut public. Thx bro Twagira wewe.
Happy Sunday Morning so grateful to you Lord for another day thank you
sen konuyu biliyorsun
Anna
20th Ton & 6th 150 run stand The Most by any player in ODI History
Thalaiva
Larvitar CP775 L30
-33.864837,151.214385
Screenshot check
har har mahadhev
.
.
.
.
.
Sri Vadakkumnathan Kshethram
Both shows are trash so thank the most high
Lolz lowkey babe home and away , thanks Boss
Is there any chance of getting The Punisher on the backward compatibility list? I
God be with you. Amen MAGA
DM me please
So cool! Thanks man
Not because of who I am
But because of what you've done Lord
Thank you Jesus
Happy Birthday Kim Hanbin (BI), Wish You All The Best, Aamiin
CTC please
Happy Sunday Morning so grateful to you Lord for another day thank you
I just got back from the and your boy is looking fine as FUCK. Shoutout my barber Mo man, guy keeps hooking me up
Thank you to all the fans and supporters! I love u endlessly
-Kevin Dewayne
313 Entertainment
What a pic!
Just Dial unleashed the power of online (and telephone) marketplace of India.
Oh, I am sorry I fell for it. Will delete right away.
Thank you both.
This looks good.. my family from West Palm, and Lake Worth
The thinking behind is utterly breathtaking. True father and son fun on a Sunday afternoon.
GOD is good
Twitter Account Crossed 950 Followers
Keep Support
Ohhh man, jy steel my hartjie vandag, liefie Thanks for playing my song request Positive vibrations on
Add your Hindi Commentary to it
thanks
EXO always manages to cheer me up and make me feel better during my awful days.... So grateful for them
Sir Plz invite the Queen plz
God will touch, heal and deliver you in Jesus Name Amen
Happy Sunday Morning so grateful to you Lord for another day thank you
Closing applications for Social Media and Events Managers. Still looking for Graphic Artists
King B or Thato must go home
Great news! Thank you
happy birthday, i miss you & inom na! God bless you
Thanks.
The lightest touch is all a best friend needs to know you are there. new and RTers
Pray for Sawa-chan
.Thank you Lord Jesus you never fail to reveal them
All glory and honor is yours
Hey maybe u don't see this but if you see, can u follow me? please I love you so so much
can you give us a stripped version of Empty Space or am I asking too much? pretty please
And I'll be closer to my babe who can visit me in my hotel room. Whoooa girl
Thanks bro.
Thanks
Ya Allah Umar Akmal na ho please
Damn... He gone get taken to the woodshed by his three uncles, the Britt brothers.
Chudakundaney ochada hmm
Some girls my age these days make me wanna go hug my mom and thank her for the way she raised me.
.
wait
Good morning everyone
Not on purpose though .. I like the way shaving stick sounds
hbd hanbin,wuatb
Please stay health, always happy and gbu
Thank You
can we expect daily teaser from tomorrow
Thank you sav appreciate you
I just woke up cause I was dreaming of eating a bowl of cereal lord let there be cereal in this house
Now or never in Germany
woww!
Consider it happening.
I hope once upon time
Preach!
Destek olmak isterseniz
Happy Birthday another love i wish nothing but the best for you, thankyou for exist, for your hardwork, for
I expect myself before anybody else do, I forever got me
5K for 20 people, Sunday blessing
Thank you
Her name is Thekla
Thank you
The Range Rover Vogue Tho, One Of My Dream
My loved ones
36th century in odi, 60 international centuries, what a man Virat kohli . . I predicted 100 centuries on Jan
Final examination week LAVARN!
Hope he will be ok!
Look at that gorgeous face how can they justify needlessly murdering healthy animalsPLEASE SAVE HIM
Great ! Since in the process of buying property in Florida, make sure not to select a Realtor from their PAC
I feel like gunblader's gna be most likely if its a new class... but... i wna hope for dancer. somehow
Keeping you and your family in my thoughts and prayers so so sorry Pastor Dave.
a mandatory minimum that I go as hard as I possibly can
Amen
Quick thinking
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
So mighty blessed
If anyone wants to help reblogon Tumblr be eternally grateful
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Just donated, hope this man runs for President in 8-12 years; after served in the Senate.
Hope my decision pays off
Thanks for the wishes
I appreciate this a lot, thank you
Happy Sunday Morning so grateful to you Lord for another day thank you
When the time is right, God will make it happen.
Night
If This Is What Money Can Buy Then I Need Money.
Bismillah For Next Event
911 Bazaar Creator "New Taste" and New Formation
nienuquin
i woke and seen what i needed to see THANK YOU LORD he's holding and it's ALL thanks to YOU .. he's gaining HOPE and FAITH
fasho
Take me back
Thanks for the tag ate!
make it happen!
Para makabawi kami from the last time!
thanks monsta x & exo for ascending my soul into heaven
Blessed to be living in the west yes
Bravo sir all my respect goes to you
Sunday morning confessionals
As you will, so shall you do.
I know Breakthrough is coming by Faith i see a miracle
Both devout lovers of the Mother
Yes. Yes. Yes. Amen . Truth is very high for liberals and Democrats,
it is not part of their
If your awake & not at church, you need help
Amen
Elane undandi . Chuda muchataga undi NBK Sametha....
Every Moment
Please let me get at least 1 tix
Burn The Stage
Amen
Any chance of bringing back the Heath Bar flavor?!
Whatever it is that stirs your soul , listen to that , everything else is just noise
With your help, Edward!
Team
If your awake and not at church, I'm praying for you
Good thing about working on Sunday is that you can work outside the office and drink wine
I hope it rain
Sorry,light type
Goodnight people
Over 100 views already Thank you sooo much dear Heartbeats Link in my bio
Por fin Yerry!!! Con toda mi negro
on my 2nd read of your book and soaking up new pieces of gold that were not seen before! Thanks
Please
Please
Please
Please T-BIRD &
Namaste
Seriously has a direct connection with The Supreme God Bless Him
it's all just a grind I believe you can do it
May she Rip
Please
Please
Please
Please T-BIRD &
If anyone wants to help reblog on tumblr be eternally grateful
Love you brother this mission over see you soon
Wait To See That Smile!
Cheers
Great Great end to the weekend!!! team rocking performance
Captain & Vice captain
Balayya speech
The weekend didn't go as planned so let's hope this upcoming weekend does
Payet , ByNins
[Selling] TOUR 2018
Fukui - BE 1 ticket 10/26!!
Please DM
please let her read this I want her to wake up with full of love and greetings
Patriots this is a call to action
This is a much do
Vote Our Country needs us!PRAY
Any chance you come and sort my Alexa out?
could you translate this please?
Thank you
Hopefully next year
If your awake and not at church, just go back to sleep
MAAFKAN AKU OPPAAAA
keeping our fingers crossed and praying does us bits
Happy Birthday to my brother frankxxkastle so glad I was able to surprise you last minute at HHN. Halloween
Setaun
.@sinucabello i have faith that someday I will be able to see the "follows you" sign when I view your profile
!!!! !!
Kya baat he malhar sir ...lots love & Regards ....& 4 day for Shartolagu
Congratulations
I must go Tokyo Disney Land next month or December
Please ~~let me go
105 subs!! surpassed my goal. You guys are amazing supporters...thank you thank you thank you
Morning... day to for another day to work! We do it every day but today we visiting his house to do it!
is the
A relic of St. Pope John Paul ll is in our parish until tomorrow.
Have a blessed week ahead everyone!
GOODLUCK Ate Mich may the force be with you For the crown, For the Philippines and for yourself
You're welcome bro
Happy Birthday sir
best wishes.
Only 2k is okay for me
Vans Old Skool disponible livraison Retweet Merci
permission to continue
Just for my pleasure lindsaylohan
I need a manager
I play 13 december ...
No! We didn't loss her. She will be with us not physically but in Gods way.
Love it Beautifully Said!!! Amazing & Beautiful Patriots
My brother
Hey corbyn.... I'm so sad because I can't meet you.. but if you can please follow me that will make me happy
: Retweet fast
Follow all Retweets
Follow back %
Follow Me for fast FB
You must follow back
Turn on my notifications
Thanks dear Phyllis I wish a joyful and relaxing Sunday big big hug my dear friend
Rip
Hope it all works out ok
Praying for you all
I hope everyone was able to relax & rest this weekend, and prepare for the week coming
What's up y'allit's time for to get this mfdailybread
My favorite player ever, one of the greatest defenders ever.
Thank you masternim for this beautiful photos
Sending iron your way
Prayers up
Indeed heartwarming
-
Amen
Guys! The correct hashtag is
Please be careful with upper and lower alphabets..!
Thankyou !
Keep streaming the hashtag
Hope everyone has a blessed Sunday.
Gotta thank the Man above for believing in me & allowing me to see another day.
Stay Blessed
Sending love and praying for a speedy recovery
Must watch
Im humbled
Thanks & love to you, Kenny!!!
Please make sure bouncy castle is securely held down.
yeheyy! u deaerved it mamang!!! please bless me with your power sa aking college entrance exams this week
God will make a way where there seems to be no way
plssss give me a more chancessss !
Very very welcome hope having a lovely Sunday with feet up chilling out with a glass of wine
Thank you teh
Please
Please
Hitman is all class today..most 150+ scores in ODI cricket He is second to none
Once again thank you to the producers who ask and let them use their normal voices
Welcome to our family masternim, thank you
Thanks I pray we make the best out of this day, New Chapter, New lessons to learn Stay blessed everyone
Please
Please
Please
Please
Happy birthday to B.I.
Ki for me too
0149802261 Gtbank please
a big thanks to my lil sister
power and love is unfailing ...
He has already written our ComeBack Story
Wowww!!! Finally an update from our own
Thank you again for your interest in The Wally! Digital Group.
Please
Please
Please
Please Markyla's
Please
Please
Please
Please Markyla's
I need my old acc bck
Prayers that all these young students are ok !
I except myself for me , forever hold it down
Thank you Eve really appreciate your lovely message
Weekend of 10/19/18 thru 10/21/18.. long night on the streets and Wyatt's house was trippy
Please
Please
God Bless Rondo and his family!
Thank you
Asking for prayers for Officer injured
Om Sri Ganeshay namah
CHURCH WITH THE HUBBY!
Great interview we had an amazing time ,love my Eastern people the love & support for Salone music over
Astughfurillah i know what this even means but inshaAllah i will pray for your guidance
Trust me you regret it that is if you give me a chance
OT9 I'm speechless I'm happy very happy!! Thank SM
It better be Nosipho
Thank you but the tag line is wrong.
Please delete this post.
It will confuse
Leather face for me
Pls he wants to visit Princess
Amen .. 0060952294.. Sterling Bank.. God bless you sir
Jai Shree Ganesh
52 reasons why government is as repressive as that of CAT & help us 2
When your boss is the plug at the Nike store gonna be nice and toasty this winter
Goodnight tyL God Bless
absolutely
Amen
Terrible ! Merci du partage
Finally kallalo anandam
In Perth on 17th November can I give you a hug?
Thanks to for organising a great event to meet fellow DPRs for 2018!
Happy Sunday to all the women with big titties
Present )
Blessed by the best
Thankyou so much coach for everything you've done for indonesia we hope you'll always doing fine wherever you
We do this without you guys. Please watch & share
It can only get better if we together
Bless
I RELATE SO HARD
just posted my first blog post:
check it out pls
link in bio
so.....
52 reasons why government is as repressive as that of CAT & help us 2
So many HD pics from masternims, even non Hanbin ones. Thank you so much
Can you please visit a dentist this time ?
YES to all of this.
We can only hope
I honestly just want to be rich just to donate money to mutiple health issues that face humanity
Sending prayers
Pin Brooch for on 11th November 2018 Available Now
Thank you
52 reasons why government is as repressive as that of CAT & help us 2
Mucha graciaass coach
Plz pray I get that
well played v.k bro crosed 36
We are so grateful for the amazing support of our brand!
It's Hoodie Season and orders are piling in! Thank
Sana this coming sembreak mahanap ko solace place ko
Also we have the saying principles before personality.
Just cleaned my entire flat and damn it feels good
Seriously guys this is not the way to celebrate the special occasion of movie.. its a request being
vaalu chesey cinemalaki Ball and Nag chesey self dabba
Bog
LiveMe-Live broadcasting community
Great song with lyrics I can relate to...@calumscott thank you
Yes it is, thankfully Attachments & co dependency are some of my specialities~so unhealthy
thanks
Take a bow to magician of words
Thank you Ate shane!!! Praise God jod ate
Con fe
Fantastic. I am very happy Sir. I wanted 150 runs from your side and You did it. We are proud of you a lot Sir. Thanks a lot Sir
peru surya life of a solider . Very inspirational movie for all young Indians . Thanks for playing a hero role . .
SOS VANDERSON DE JESUS, BORAAAAAAA AJUDAR SEMPRE POR FAVOR, ELE NECESSITA DE AJUDA
and their will is almighty.
praise!
% Customized T-Shirts
Thank you for all the orders, love and support!
DM now to order yours!
Barkha Madam Pls Help .. this is done by Niladri Chatterjee of Narayan roy road Behala
Happy happy Birthday B.I (Leader of iKon) and God bless
you guys need to do a scene together. Vag and balls deep anal creampie.
GOOALLLL!
It's a bullet header from Antonio 1-0!
Hey send me message please
Chum mal wieder in
mitm werte
scary movies: we wanted scary movies and just yeah 10/20/18
Make it a habit of praying reading your bible & loving (serving) another person every single day. It
God please do this for me ,this is the one thing i really want
Bade log Celebrity
ok I forgive you
Driving up the A33 and 2 chaps full on praying at the side of the road... wondered why the traffic was so good... cheers lads!
I will always remember smile that nigga made you happy just seeing him smile Rest In Peace Jk
well played india kohli bhai gye sharma ji gazab great team effort guys
Everything go stew aje Governor's Apartments
Getting my chicken soup on! Hope it tastes as good as it smells!
It's a fact!
If I no thank God, wetin I gain , test results came out better than the last
lahat ng nagtake deserve ang title! You just need to believe in God's perfect timing. May the Lord God bless
It's hard yep I don't care to please everyone just to be there to help the ones I can
it will, I have faith in the postman
Mis regalos
Que felicidad recibir
Make sure to drop a follow for our newest streamer twitch
OH YEA HE'S LIVE NOW!!!!
may allah ease everything
Live!
Mall
Wow i hope that it is not postpone
Merci
let this buddah bless yr TL
okay, bye world
Prayed then I prayed again
Balayya saying
Johar Harikrishna many times is emotional and goosebumps for our Haranna hardcore fans
Please
Please
huwaa. that's really scared me the most. whateva happen, i have to get the ticket pray hard
This is the album that made me love music. Thank you
Happy 4 year anniversary
Please
Please
Lord, guide us this coming week
Please
Please
Bad news week of is of to a bad start how are you?
Grateful for attending this event.
Motivated and inspired.
Happy to see how movement empowers people to fuel
my dear friend Joseph
I demand Bharatratna for ! Unbelievable struggle !
THANK YOU Please keep doing this
I put my Trust in No other god but You...(God)
What a story. Gee. That was my Mom's name.
sir ji what and excellent batting
Same to you and those adorable kids!! Happy Sunday!!
yeheyyy, okay na tanan i have peace of mind na. thank you for eveything hehe
Mornings are better when you talk too GOD First
Aftr the episode comes pls koi falguni ke song pe banao i req
Dream Big.
Pray Big.
Believe Big.
Great reminder from someone I look up to that we can do and become
brilliant playlist my lady! Much Respect - I thank YOU
thanks for your help with this Steve
Big blessings to her
Thanks bro.
And Becomes the Fastest To Hit 60* International Tons (386* Innings)
He Broke Sir's
You have to hit the bottom to turn to the Lord ...come on home ...God is waiting
Corfe Castle was the same this morning
glad I only go once a year now
Public Feedback For New Gustakhi maaf
Do it when you come to Ottawa Canada pretty please
Malay naten this December
Comment
-
Good Vibes Meaning ...
AMEN!
Quick note
. Love this account!
new ep out now... this is track 1, which is becoming fav thank you sm for all the love
What??
Dance cover po kay joao thanks direk and happy birthday po.
Seeing as I attend your gigs anymore can you come play privately for me
Cepet sembuh, come back stronger 19
heal me lord
Absolutely perfect, thank you and you
Jay shree ram
Ya Allah give me more strength to pass through the next few days
Sure! You can face them all! Allah always with us
58.69
I Can't Believe it .. Stopped King
.
Thank you
It was single mother, stay at home day
Toes looking amazing! x
Have to stay strong healing is on the way
Yeah, I know. But thanks for sharing anyway, since I'm not omniscent.
I can drop off at Goodwood fire station. Thanks
Wow they are stunning like gizmo and his awesome mom hope your all well
Yh number ? Plzzzz bolo yh number kya hai plzzzzzzz
Oh god rest in
Salamat A for coming home
Please
Please
Please
Please unable
Love CHARGERS Go Philip Rivers! Nunc Coepi
Terima Kasih Coach.
My booty growing been waiting for this .. & all I did was switch my meal plan and work out .
Dance cover po kay joao thanks direk and happy birthday po.
Awwww thank you.
to the world deserve the Love chaley
Greater is he that is in me then he that is in the world
Pls pray fr my niece
Could spot my cousin's shack here . Its so unfortunate that even those that had a chance 2 take their household
love them stay together forever babies
a very nice way to end the day
Thanks bro
Congratulations brother to you both!! So pleased to for you both and wish you all the happiness in the world.
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts ..
I once complained that i was poor, and didnt have nice shoes. Until i saw a man without feet, and I realized how Rich i was
I believe in god tripping la daddy !!
Good evening ji
The blood of Jesus
Goodluckkk
agradecer friozinho
A Divine On This Day of Sabbath 10/21/18
sir, $icx is the best for long term ?and price prediction for this?
Sorry to hear bro
The world needs light... And you're my daylight
Super arrangements and Feel's House living room.
Sad news from LoC
India should avenge the martyrdom of our Jawans
Happy to know you're ok Bitto-you'd break many honey10 hearts otherwise Stay in good health and take care of yourself!
Seriously, I'm shocked, I'm moved, I want to cry Thanks God finally
November 2 come sooner
thanks coach and fvck u (p$$i)
Hahaha i would have done it
Thank you
Pleaseee.
already cut back by about 50% hoping to cut back more
Ahh so amazing so far!! finally watching it!!
Goodnight
Amen.
Happy Sunday
Those films were weird
Oye stupid crap shut ur mouth
just share their pains but pads for them
Its okay , thank you so much w-ay
Gutted to miss this morning
Did you feel God calling you to Wales?
Because I'm feeling it girl!
Udah gpp kok gummy , thank you so much
If ram ji have seen this logic
Wow looks like stars are in the water
Virgil you can do whatever you want with these new Nike models every 2 months and I will support you
You guys leave me speechless every single year thank you for the heartwarming birthday wishes, I love you beyond words
SORRY, this is for mutuals who are of age only!!!
Welcome, please ensure you have brought buckets of money
Sir, would like to read up on the word. Could you please share your thread.
We pray for a fast recovery!
Nice drive, give that D some rest, just finish it off the right way
Alhamdulillah for today tomorow n later
Thanks! Keep up the great work.
Thank you
. So sorry coach.... hard to say good bey,.
Semogaa lain waaktu bisa kesini lagi coach.
Grazie ragazzi coach
If the devil prevails it will be. I prefer having The Lord on our side.
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please Basic Training
Please
Please
Please
Please Basic Training
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
obrigada
Guys Pls if you are in town kaduna at the moment, please go back to your houses, stay safe. Please May God keep us
Thanks for sharing. ok to be sensitive also. You are still a strong man.
Unreal generous thank you
you guys really out here doing work
Happy Birthday Kt
Hennessey saves, Crossbar hit, Tomkins missing an easy chance, you gotta think a late goal has to come GOAL DANCE
We have to hold them to a FG on this drive...or a turnover. Need a stop. Somebody.
Fase boa vai chegar kkk
Thank u Love u all see you again
I will take care of his ass so good
Jason Mask IG Freestyle (Prod. By Rell ARTworK) *NO EQ
Thank God For Health & Strength! Good To Be Alive On a Beautiful / Blessed Sunday !
We need to be no matter some reasons!
Thanks dear friend
10/19 We love & miss you bro B.i.H TyBanks
Whattey day
Ro
You my baby my sunshine
gracias hope next time will come again
Just another day in the
Officially self employed Filthygrillz inbox if you trying to get you a set also have solid gold all karates
You have your Tasha Cobb going on
Thank you
Bro ezzow team manipulate price in ico,they sell cheaply to lose one cheaper group than ico public... Sorry i respect
2!3 hoping for more good days
caaaaitlyn!! My Canadian buddy Happy Birthday hope you have a great day
Muslims Salute The RSS
Unsung heroes of
Accurate af. Thank you
Broo which garden kmt we out ya stress out we affi depend pon fe motivation quotes
Go watch dat
pls support this project
Only few years left . don't retire like him at the age of 34 or 35.
You deserve respect
So sorry to hear that love. Keeping you and your family in my prayers
Word of the day: Go get it, Go get your blessings, Its your Time
Looking to join Please send me an invite. lewat
.@op_hawkeye Remembers 10.21 and always
Nice account not gonna argue with you
Thanks Coach itu Pelatih
Bismillah semoga difollback
I wanna meet so bad I just wanna cry when I see the videos of him performing. One day I will see him .
me too!
DEAR DETECTIVE EXO-L,
PLEASE SOLVE THIS MISTERY AGAIN .
THANK YOUUUU
EOTP it was good to see u bro
Great job Gino
Very true n jay shri Krishna
Amen May God Bless America
Thalapathy Won
Vote Potta Ellarukkum Nandri
NAKAKAPAGOD MAGSULAT NG 53 BOOK ARTICLES NAKAKA-14 PA LANG AKO TAPOS MAY FINALS PA TOMORROW NG 7:30AM LORD HELP ME
Thank you
THANKYOU Sharon for thinking of when you are going through your own heartbreak looking for I pray
this will bless my monday thank you for ur hard work
Any Man With Two Hands Has A Fighting Chance
I AM QUALIFIED! go to the first FUT Champions Cup this year!
First man on the planet with SIX 150+ scores in ODIs! That's how this man has changed. Take a bow hitman! The
R.I.P lil bro chelby
im not going to survive the end of this year and ive accepted that
I KNOW its my youthful aura and immaturity
Peaceful demonstration on KNUST campus tomorrow morning Sumus contra ducibus autocratic . Ghana, KNUST need
Bro gud evening .,Bro wat happen no reply .,Bro we are waiting for you
Amaizing misicians from our country.....
A victory for my Buccanners today for a good evening
By buying some good players in January mate
Someone we need to make a chain saying nothing but I will reply to every tweet saying thank you
You're such a gentleman am so sorry
i'm glad i'm not the only one here.
Indeed.
Praying for travel mercies
LETS ALL DO THIS, FREEDOM!!!!!!!!!!! THANK YOU PRESIDENT FOR
You are welcome
Hey and any chance of a Bristol date next May/June? Pleaseeee..
Congratulations
Thank you
ur satsuten art is hecka cute sending you good energy n vibes
I give a lot in paid value too
Lol appreciate you
Ya ampuunn so sweet banget, the best couple banget dehhh....
semoga semoga semoga hahaha apa ya?
Aminnn
Good night.. Goodnight .. GoodNight
Thank you twitterworld
Good Nite.. Good night Twitterverse..
Thread.
How did I miss this ?
Yes, like leader like members.
The value of
Merci
Lowkey put my ship together
But sorry sehunnieee
Thank you! I appreciate it!
Dirty business incoming!
If you like it, please support it! Means a lot!
Hopefully, the answer to my prayers
Looking forward to Monday!
Hope it managed to keep his life and
Thank you,
Thank you
Amen
thank you so much for the RT a little revision, be staying from 25-28 Oct. As I said, you are
I can guarantee that tonight's episode will be the best. We can't wait any longer.
Wooooow ang cute bai hahahahahahahaha
Thank you
Very very welcome
Can this become taeyong's fans' name
rip little baby hope to see you when is my time to rest
DAY of 58 add your wish or comment & the best will be retweeted
comic relief
Twitter family please do you
Your girl here is into hair growth oil(s) for all hair types including
: Retweet fast
Follow all Retweets
Follow back %
Follow Me for fast FB
You must follow back
.Turn on my notifications
Lord help me to be more grateful
Had a glass screen protector on my phone & i dropped my phone and the screen protectors fine but my phones shattered truly blessed
Thank you for this nice chat ... it is refreshing to meet good real people online ...
With fingers crossed am patiently waiting
Thx sir
Aamiin
Please
Please
May our Lord wrap his healing arms around Starshine and family.
There is something behind everything petra man
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Thank you
Good morning God let me another day to make another dollar
Good morning God let me another day to make another dollar
Monday come soon plz.....
Praise the Goddess.
I need to love myself first before love someone else
Thanking the man above for allowing me to see yet another day! Blessed
Follow me, sir.
All praise to the most high
That's great you've found something that's helpful for you!! Thank you for sharing that!
You too say a little prayer for me
Danielll sp proud of you
JB speech
N fans aakali teerchesaru aa maatalatho
"Alert Wole" will be the major thing on your lips in this new week
I discovered them before the "Love Scenario" era but I started to really stan them in the "Killing Me" era
Due to insistent Bandmates demand, Wish ko lang na ipalabas ulit sa Sunday's Best ang BoybandPH The Concert: World Kiligity Day
Aww bless you
RIP Officer Toney.
The Good Lord looked beyond my faults and saw my needs! You are Awesome Oh Lord
Thank you
I really appreciate that
BYE. I THINK KAILANGAN KO NG MAG SERYOSO NA GAWIN 'TONG MGA REPORTS/REQUIREMENTS NA 'TO. TRUST THE PROCESS MATATAPOS DIN 'TO
Ahhh thanks for the infooo
stay
Follow back pls
You never know who will pass through... Tonight is no Different!
"WE F%CK UP YOUR
Pakistan !! All I can do is retweet, share and prayer. May God save her .
Nice to see blue skies & multiple after being for the much needed rains this past week
Our Team
Follow and Support
em Deus
God answered my prayer lol Nosipho is going home
Fellow ARMYS please help a broken ARMY here DHSHSHSY my first RT deal pls JUST rt
thank you so
Happy Sunday
Aamin
Stop wasting food
jUST LET GO AND LET GOD HE WiLL WORK iT OUT FOR YOUUU
Their power ...doubtful they have any...judging from all that happens around here
Im just waiting who will give me a new job !Not looking for anything
RIP brothers Jai Hind
So sorry for your loss, today we pray for for you your kids and Maureen May she RIP.
Finalizando el show de ayer!
Bili na po kayo 260.00 pesos only
Gracias Coach & good luck
so help me god
Zenith bank, Al-Amin Salihu Jibril,2209070491.
Please
2018-10-21 youtube
teaser
:
The Lord will sustain us.
That visa that has been hanging should just come out
I am so glad is following so many people in the fandom! I hope she follows me one day
I hope te escuche dios I need that desperately
E9CE05E4
Lv100
Thanks bro
Shoot your shot! Worst they can do is say no. I'm actually submitting one too
Omgoodness! Perish the thought!! May God forbid it and bless the USA and the World
a lad
Haha sorry, i like to say goodluck to people in whatever they did
Aisa player hmare country se h so proud of you kitni khushi milti h batsman factory h india
MUTE THE KEY IS MUSIc
_pobillzmtk
Kindly Download and Share.
Thank you so much
Let me not pray to be sheltered from dangers , but to be fearless in facing them. Let me not beg for the
Thanks a lot
Kindly follow back sir
You have a great life don't be afraid to live it large 30 just a number
Become focused on what's important! Put first and he will guide you through everything else
Follow me back please
GOSPEL MUSiC CHANGE MY WHOLE ViBE LORD KNOWS iM BLESSED
This is so sad... Respect to him and several such devotees
Please tell me 'Promise' is going to be on your new album It's my favourite
Whoever did this THANK from the bottom of my heart
Throwback to the visarjan day! So much fun, food, dancing, love
Tinggal sisa inih~~
Ada shopee dan tokped. Cek
Hi Tweeps, kindly help me get them sold off .
I deliver nationwide.
Whatsapp:09083021842
New Insta Story
Thank You LORD
Prayers up Tacoma
NTR BALA HD PHOTOS READY CHEYYANDI
Hope it will help me to start my online job and online shop with this lappy
BTS TIMES px
save = rt or like
Big ups to the guy
quiero ese iPhone
please release next friday It would be suck a nice gift before the whole album comes
well ? wake up shooters! no days off
rightfully snapped.
May you've the same fate India.
Kindly donate
See you, Godbless take care
Amen
Kindly follow back sir
Correggo Whitout You era in MOMENTS
Good night papa ji come to my dream plz
WTF are you doing guys... you are trolling your own country's players.......idiotness is on peak
Plzz stop this
Congratulations India for the win against WI
Superb by & Inshallah many more to come
Come on man I hope you see this
Overdose era to be continued....
EXO OUTSOLD!
AMEN!
sir I have nothing to feed, I will mange anything sir even 1k
Please
Please
all we ask
Please
Please
Please
Please
Wow bro, be safe
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
MUTE THE KEY IS MUSIc
_pobillzmtk
Kindly Download and Share.
You as well ma'am
Have you tried our yet? We hope everyone DOES try one! Thanks for the 5-star review, N.
For what I can understand, the only thing I can say is: Seiji, next time be more careful with your keys
Thanks God for today! Good night pips! Pray first
Oh boy oh boy is this gonna be a long one TLDR ?? Migraines can CAUSE SEIZURES (in
FE...
Prayers for you
Thanks
forgive me sir... i have many hyderabadi colleagues with me. I can get a
Amen
Good night! And, these selfies is damn liiaatt .
Loads of love my Worlddd
.
.
Idol
Thank you so much for the support it feels better to have comments that are not like these
Excellent. Thanks for the response
Uuh. Sending you courage! We had those last year. It's an awful job to get rid of them! The
ALL GLORY TO GOD ... JUCO CORNER
God Friended Me
Weather is absolutely amazing. Hope everyone has a delightful Sunday
Dhan Dhan Satguru Tera hi Aasra papa ji
We need this for the stadiums tour next year. please make it happen
After Mass
Lunch with Family
Thank you for the blessings God. at Ribshack Robinson's Pavia
I adore you and all of your songs Love
We are so grateful for the amazing support of our brand!
It's hoodie season and the orders are piling in.
You are doing well. Please be healthy Stay always love you.
k Followers Congratulations Madam
Invest in your creator
Most 150+ scores - rohit sharma(6)
Most 200+ scores - rohit sharma(3)
Legend
You got this brother
You're so damn right
Thanks Li, you really are a great role model
Wish he'll notice me
please
Happy Birthday, am reading your new book now great read
Thanks for patronising us
God bless you
Fresh crisis
Duty
Chlo thik hai .
Carry on .
Gud job..
Waheguru mehar krre ..
God bless you..
Evaru ah avdhani... Balayya speech Iche kick ye veru
Sanskrit
Superb stuff so far mate. Two more games to go
Feminine flow.
Annoying, seems like every tip i share never lands, but the ones i don't share always land.
yo can u dm me code? I am only missing the $25 one
You will make it
can you just give me that awesome cookbook please
Thank you so much
Humbled
Happy Sunday. Give Thanks
Happy Anniversary to you and kick tail on The Voice
Dinner & bonding with Lola after mass.
Please na. Don't make statements like this
Same to you family
Amen brother
Merci
ainda bem
God's speed
winning in Philly today defence play big. 24-10.
I thank GOD ! I thank GOD! They caught mines early , that shit so painful I think really
Amen
I like they be chill & the LORDTS day so yeah
Medical aid free 10yrs and counting...iam still here
It's rare to see people doing good deeds may God bless you
RIP
Held der Nation .!
Oh how I wish it will be on December
Ye Sree Ki Wife Bahut Sweet Hai
Won again
Congratulations & Post your Winning
episode for RJ And Ada / Nash and Sharlene
What I asked for and desire to have...is COMING! I RECEIVE!
Need a rt on my npp ....
Are you actually a dream sugarbaby ???
Got baptised at last xx
Ji bilkul
Very good night
Radhe Radhe
My family appreciates your prayers and concern, TY
Got to church nice and early this morning- I pray you have a great day
Praying for all the casualties... and silently hoping na sana walang pinoy
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Thank you God for another blessed day
visited your place several times during my 2 visits to my daughter in laws
This right?
Hope someone translate
0074811224
Diamond bank
my use enter transport for this week
Hardwork mean
Pehli baar Dream XI me 34 Rs. mile re Thank you so much Rohit & Virat
Knew you had it since the young AAU days
Save the date PLEASE
Survived today without smoking
Entha kasiga vunnarentra hindi vallu....
Thanks for spreading the word, Dr. Vasquez
.. May GOD help you people with your conscience. Hours before carnage broke out really, can you not
their loss my friend, their loss
His Royal Mogginess.
Our saviour of the world
Can we send Boris Johnson out there
Nice . Thank you so much fans
Another social initiative by this time transformating lives of beggars.
Maa Tarak Anna ni Navvinchav Kadhayya
Thank You For Giving Us This Million Dollar Smile
Good morning Pastor Derron! you are feeling. a little better!
This is my baby plz
You got this
Just know you are loved from all of us on stan twitter
Fighting
thank you
THANKS COACH MILLA!!
Hindi nahi maalum hai so rejected moreover serials lam
This is my baby plz
R.I.P
god bless model wong yukhei.
Thanks for all you do Spicy.
Huhu please?
Just finished work can I get a cheeky follow I think I deserve it after today
for the love of god Aizen, bring back Bleach! please the last arc and his new novel is too hot
Yes.
...and needs to contribute
to the Twitter universe more frequently...
thread
Performance Personified
Thank you bro, means a lot
Queen, if you threw up on me I would eat it and give you money. You are a Godess
It is
Thank you Lord Jesus
Modern day poetry, art at its finest
Insta Story by
My Star busy with phone
Onset Shootlife Actors
Grateful
I think I'm safe
: Retweet fast
Follow all Retweets
Follow back %
Follow Me for fast FB
You must follow back
Turn on my notifications
Amazing Music by
via
No saints without sinners
Thank you
That is the information what i need now.
Hoping Sherman is declared out for Reynolds chalk
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Sir if there can some subtitles for such videos we too can understand and and spread it
Live for the day - Tier 1 - Black Ops 4 gameplay - Come watch me melt If you got Twitch please throw me a follow
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
U are the best, pls know that this is for you , we right behind
This is the first day where you walk outside and it actually feels like fall Feels good
Following all
Your Welcome
I want to Makhelwane I want for 2018! Join us
i slept like a baby last night
COMEBACK IS SOOOOO CLOSE!!!
wait for more teaser pleaseee
Hai i see you on the video! You
Ohh no please have to continue the show... big part of my childhood
Thanks for reminder Diwali is coming u fucking naxals
Hope you are well.
Rest well.
Thanks at you thanks for the show, even though I could not go you're the best
Good day dear Swami Himanshu
My best wishes to you
Sadguru's Trivir Aulia
is Blessings all
pro9999
Thanks for your coverage
But you're a very calm and relaxed soul, after this exercise.
Happy mission Sunday, always try to help each other cause nobody can and has ever done it alone
I just followed you, please follow back.
Please follow back
I am surprised aap Abhi tak inko follow nahi kiye. Believe me, you will get to know all
wife is too out spoken and Sensible too
Omg...this guy is true gem...RaGa
Yaaasss henny! Season 10 of on in the Netherlands! Please air season 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 too!!
new shoes
Appreciate everybody who left me hanging come back good Forever no back tracking relationships or friendships thank u
Success happens when you desperately obey GOD
-Sen Jeol Villanueva
Hey
I have a feature improvement request. can you sort of by recently added to the
Naomi Woods my chief
Nosipho, you are remarkable. Never forget that. It's never a failure but always a lesson I still believe in
Pray for me
Huge thanks to all the MSYPs who donated sanitary products at for What a brilliant
Please
Please
Please
Please I Need My
Please
Please
Please
Please I Need My
I actually love waking up early on sundays for church it makes me feel so good
RIP Chelby broski got his own street he a legend
Dude is a Pro
....Follow for more
Ibom Tropicana, Uyo, Akwa Ibom state.
Congratulations my boys!You deserved it
A pleasure. There are many hashtag places. Let them inspire you!
Stars looks good adhuku nu watching lam Those serials only for girls
are the best this is it , u are a winner already just chill we behind you
THANK YOU SA SUPPORT FRIENDS AND RELATIVES! WE WILL BE DANCING FOR YOU GUYS :-) GOD BLESS.
wembley
Church has been just what I needed the past 2 weeks.
an awesome reporter and much needed and appreciated these days!
Church was lit
no greater call than to serve God.
I know I'm not wealthy and this clothes are not new, and I know I don't have much money but LORD I have
...in all thine getting,get money. In all thine using,use brain
- Be your own fearless inspiration.
CONTROL YOUR NARRATIVE
When you feel overwhelmed by blessings
just switch to gratitude
Paz
Muchas gracias tambien amigo puro football today
Thank you for all that you do for our country & NJ
Ready For Goddess Durga Immersion
FAMILIA $0 LENDA$
We are not alike don't forget that Grind Music today
When you get blessed by Jungkook and Yoongi at the same time...
And, French ARMY aren't the best audience ?
a follow grootman
Everyone says thank you for saving our lives and the whole industry.
We wish you a pleasant shopping at the mall
No matter what, Lord.
Thank You for everything!
Even The Sun was too Much. It's was a Good Sunday at Beach
Thank GOD . BOJO BEACH RESORT
Thank you guys ! We love you so much ! Thank to Big Hit to and the BTS Crew ! See you soon
Boss reason me 1,500
0074811224
Diamond bank
Started my day wrong but God turned it into a good one, nay, glorious!! Thanks be to God!!
Lol i am very emotional today. *checking calender* ahh no wonder. Sorry need to vent
Thanks
Ya Allah this is the first time i had that feeling, please help me not to accommodate it in me, Subhanallah.
Hope also can arrange one out here to push cause with PM
plz RT this
Have a blessed Sunday friend
Not uploaded in ages.... Sunday's are bliss when there's just you and your favourite playlist
God bless our Border Patrol
You are a very important person. Hope you enjoy life's blessings today.
Thank You Sir n we promise she is worth all that love
Support MPPSC-selected Assistant Professor joining as soon as possible. Please
Kindly follow me back
ke liye phone ye idea mast the
Masya Allah
can we have a moment of silence please
i have waited soo damn long for this
shut. We -
We also appreciate GOOD service.
Balayya Speech
What a command what a diction
Laya
I think he SNAPPED
Thank you and
wishing all the best
Happy birthday to you Live long Live blessed.
Amen
AMEN Have a blessed Sunday
ASSALAMUALAIKUM WARAMUTULAHI WBT
I WANT TO ASK IF YOU HAVE ANY OLD MONEY FOR SALE I BUY THEM IN A VERY GOOD
news#but this is not the way to end your life financial crisis can be resolve
I can always trust EXO, tho. Damn thank God I stan them
hope it's a done deal.
This tweet, "RT Heta_org: HetaChain Twitter Official has reached over 30,000 followers.
Thank you all
I can do all things through Christ
He is my savior , my healer !
Happy Birthday to our one and only
K I M H A N B I N
We will always wish the best for you Go
Please
Please
Hope you feel better soon
We're in heaven.
Come drag out the weekend with us! We're open until 11pm tonight.
"Beautiful scenes of patriots in Germany."
Merkel is on borrowed time. The EU is on borrowed time. Hallelujah
Can we PLEASE have a meet and
Hobbit or not Hobbit ?
Pardon Laurent Joffrin
Peace of mind makes the body healthy, but jealousy is like a cancer.Proverbs 14:30 Share This Verse
Stephen Chukwude
So sorry to omit the name and handle.
Zamosc Gefilte Fish: I swapped the carp (meat) with blue cheese. Family finally satisfied!
Thank you!
Sure, we sell lattes and fancy bags and fun gifts. But we also sell beer.
for following us Jaywray4president. Keep pushin and enjoy your Sunday! If you haven't
In the name of the Father... Mr&Mrs Logan and Taylor South! |
my PRAYERS to all the victims and affected families in Amritsar.
Np dude.
MT
Thank you Lord
For President
No matter what, always be grateful.... Alihamdullilahi
debate sure says a whole lot to me! And the pics of him pointing
Gooodnight
Bendiciones Blessings
Oh my god thaaank you! I already made an appt with Mirian but next time I go
Much love bro
ALWAYS!
Good luck to all the CPA aspirants! May God grant this elusive title to all of you.
Seriously, the denial is real!
At least a few more peep-toe shoe days please!!!!
...One can only hope
you are welcome
Praying for you and your family
so beautiful outside today trynna do something?
thank you
Wish you the same
Please guys remember that
In my 30s have something like this for sure I put everything on it
One of the Well written message in and Made it More Intense
Thanks om infonya
praying for u what year are you already?
I deadly need to know where to get all of this... Help please
God will never write you off.
ThAnk you so much
Please
Please
Please
Please
Lemme pray real quick to all the Gods. Please let me see this live.
Would love to test this bot
My 8 year old family dog asked why your is name Alison and not Alidaughter? Please change it
Being The Son Of God
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Still feels like 21, just more experienced and better looking
Thanks for all the messages!!
Have a nice
Please
Please
have a look this is gurbinder singh your contestant
Gosh I needed this today!!
OMC serving others and providing an awesome Word from God so blessed to be apart of such a wonderful
Why? Explain are u full of
Anna
Happy
When throwback is ~ aigoo~ time really flies so fast and I'm so proud of them they deserve everything
Allah surround us with you hidden kindness, with safe, who grow flowers are in our hearts.
...and yet again! ( I think I have a new fan.) Thanks for the retweets!
Blessed
Made it into the CPL.
Now time to crush it
Srm university REBELS
Very heart touching
True Swami Ayyappa devotees will never break the
Thank you so much Sir
This is a huge complement..
Keep Supporting
She is just a beautiful face
iPray God will grant all our heart desires
Oh ya wish me luck sampe lupa
I woke up feeling beyond blessed this morning happy Sunday
The Hindus are patient, silent and peaceful, do not play with Hindu sentiments!!
Good Night Dear FRIENDS
Sweet Dreams
With Regards n Respect
May Phillip Rivers live forever.
Won again
Congratulations & Post your Winning
AMEN
God bless
Vote and show what india really wants
Thanks my friend
Attention everybody Cool Down
I will be share
Like if you will participating
is here
Have never attended one but will seriously consider doing so next time.
Please
Please
Please
Please F&F
Please
Please
Please
Please F&F
Back underway in the second-half
Goals please?
Bagay talaga hoping for the best luck and happiness with Rj ...tears for joy God bless
Tatsuya Sato's cut around here?
Yamamura's SB/Enshutsu for the OP is so good!!!
When throwback is ~ aigoo~ time really flies so fast and I'm so proud of them they deserve everything
We're back underway at Goodison Park
Let's hope for a goal in the second half...
Alan Green and
Love you mom, thank you as well
serious break my controller if I ever become a mac main. Thank you
Please
My pleasure
The words can bring back the American dream
Thanks to god we have Records of the pasts bful America
I'll keep you in my prayers
25 lbs gone in one summer and now pure muscle nun but dedication and
Amen
Tell sam we need a record version of this! maybe he read that
It makes emotional
Thank you!
Maraming Salamat po! Godbless
Maymay and Edward
This is so sad. My condolences.
Please I really need a billionaire so I can properly flourish
Prayers
God bless you and your family.
I missed Congergation, I was at St.
you guy gotta get and Julio Gomez in a scene together
Beautiful this morning loves!
See everyone again on Wednesday
Sequan yes i think about you come on now i can't forget about You
Thank you my first thought was trump and genius WRONG !! trump evil, trump dumb, trump bigot,
Done
Whoever made that happen thank you
Thunder Dome, Muang
My condolences bro. You gotta good one
Scott handle Marc with care you guys are absolutely so much fun.
Ignore the polls. Go out and vote
This is For The Awesome Support & Love
Gaba Cannal - Izibongo (Main Mix)
Agnes -
Goodnight everybody! Thank you LORD alas dose Na
Can I get some late game squeaky wheel?
I've played 3086936724 times before I reach firstbank that is beside my house. Baba let this
I
I hope win this contest
In you , I Trust
See you on Friday
Can Thando make it to the top3 please
Never give up on your dreams even if u have set backs that's just gods way to test you to see how bad you want it
Just got it and this time it counted!!
Hi Guys kindly like or share. My next client could be on your fb/ instagram . Thanks
Dude is from PLUTO
...Follow for more
Ibom Tropicana, Uyo, Akwa Ibom state.
Please
Please
Please
We
To get my first big cheque, that huge order nje
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Sergio Ramos! A defender that scored 55 goals!
400 LaLiga matches
14 seasons
270 victories
55 goals
thank you Lord
it feels like famzing .. ..
Please help with tips on mixing.
Thank GOD you no longer play for Pakistan. I hope they drop you from psl as well
Thank you guys for the love yourself tour ! We love you all so much ! Thank to Big hit and the BTS Crew See you
Yg tadi salkir maaf hehe
Jauh ya hhe
Ruthless sun but old and new friends make chasing plastic slightly better
I always do
Beautifully heartbreaking, and for sharing.
Kamakhya Devalaya situated in Nilachal Hills at the bank of mighty Bramhaputra
.
tiaaa Jv acheter une guitare Bash2 il va
and condolences
and need to do a scene. Vag and balls deep anal.
In'ani lang unta pirmi Lord Thank you so much for this day Papa Jesus
would you show this to Madonna?
Nos ayudas a difundir?
madrid Jueves 25 Octubre 19:30h en con
Inspiring now
Would you update tonight? Because if yes, I'm waiting for you sorry if i look like keep on push you
Asking for prayers for my family goin through a difficult time rn
I AM a reflection of God.
I AM made in the image and likeness of the Creator
The above affirmation helps to
em breve
Great work so far! Good luck with the end product
This is the day that the Lord have made. Let us rejoice and be glad in it.
What a match!
What a win!
you are absolutely brilliant! Pleasure to watch.
First man in the world
All along I was praying to Maha Periava to guided this mis-guided gentleman. It seems to be happening.
Thought introduce myself to any new followers of my page so you can put face to name. Welcome
Hi
cc
Thanks I really needed this today
Goodnight Makkals !
Thank you so much for your tweet!
Doing!!! In the last 3 months started a podcast, blog and formulating a book! Thank you
Thanks Bro
That would be my Christmas wish for this year
I've been praying for this talaga e
I Like Listening to on Set... while I'm Wearing a Denim Shirt
We still have few more days to win this
Thank you
Eh ada abang Icing ,How happy we are cause Will comeback with
sorry baby please puppy trying to be ultra mega happy and show you my smile and send
Kungs & Stargate - Be Right Here (Mesto Remix) Follow the link in bio for the full song
Good night friends
so we gone let my lil cuzin lead us in prayer bow your heads Maaan I feel
Minia "Free to Use"
&if you like this
Guinuine prayers to aren't always answered in our timing but in his! For knows what's best for us!
Pleaseeeeeee watch on SD watch online afterwards and drool as much as u want then but please
pls tweet to help find these girls who got kidnapped after your concert
for resonating with what is coming through me. This is how we share our gifts and expand in our
Nice thread Happy Maineday
Manda pra mim
Get active friends!
You help who you love nigga..
why God made thug niggas
Thankyou Lord for the safe ride.
Thank you
Bring Back Nehha was also trending
Bring her back pls
Personally I'm glad
Soulful Sunday Pendulums
Visit Us:
18635 Ventura Blvd in Tarzana
Done
Thank you so much, Stephanie. not easy or glamorous, but the key to a Pennsylvania.
Naw fr bless up
Pendulums
Visit Us:
18635 Ventura Blvd in
First player to score 6 score in ODI Cricket history
Really a Student Of
Thanks buddy.
We did our best and thank you God. Ikaw na bahala samin.
I don't know bout you? I'm feelen XXII " Thank God
D E P A R T M E N T A L
Thanks
0168516226 GTBANK god bless you sir
Pls say goodbye to these companies who are supporting and his racist agenda.
Good luck everyone praying
BUT...if you do, TRY, try, TRY AGAIN. Never, never, ever GIVE UP! Blessings Lekan
Pray for myself
Absolutely!
No comparison with NP
Fanwars valla other hero's ni trolls cheskuntam kani mana hero's chala great
Proud of you
PLEASE, If you are in a vehicle, help stranded people and be careful...
Thank you so much for your tweet!
Hope so mate
Doing a funeral/memorial service on a Sunday. God bless this family
Have a blessed time together
Off to church to get right with the Lord* God Bless all of you today and forever. May you see the light in
Thanks for understanding
Hope there is a after party in Detroit! Please?
So sorry for your loss...
Wow Doc. Follow back sir
EXIT EXIT FROM IRAQ / TO ARMINA
NORTH IRAQ AND EAST TURKEY
UNITE NATION .E U ????????
ASSYRIA.
Ok thanks
It was my pleasure mate. Thanks
for your recognition and appreciation.
Waht an extraordinary inning by
SHARMA
KOHLI
Pm pls
May her soul rest in peace
Had tears in my eyes after watching this
Incredible gentleman
Thank you God for allowing me to open my eyes today
ASSALAMUALAIKUM WARAMUTULAHI WBT
I WANT TO ASK IF YOU HAVE ANY OLD MONEY FOR SALE I BUY THEM IN A VERY GOOD
Absolutely BEAUTIFUL. Thank you
0168516226 GTBANK God bless you sir
I was going to miss school this whole week but paps came through for the boy Parents a blessing
sameee :( hopefully we get some good news soon though
sacred spaces and places
Izin PROMOTE SUHU
Boy
Privacy&Profesional
Massage Boy Bandung Hanya Outcall Saja
Whatsapp:
Goodnight
Coffee muffins grapes and gospel music... Good morning world happy Sunday.. God bless
so sorry for you loss ;^; my condolences to you and your family, stay strong May your dad Rest In Peace
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Gnight
Got emotional seeing is dog
May her soul rest in peace
Hilarious episode thanks to
My forever love I miss u so much .. happy birthday baby
Amma not all fah
Thanks for writing this article Now I know why it takes an hour or two for my podcast
Iove you, thank you for work so hard on the Tour
Hopefully win all of them
My new cover of High Hopes by is now up on my channel! Please leave a like, share and subscribe
Today we lost another feather, always gonna be in our hearts, rest easy angel.
One of Her
EXIT EXIT FROM IRAQ / TO ARMINA
NORTH IRAQ AND EAST TURKEY
UNITE NATION .E U ????????
ASSYRIA.
Praising God been so good
Bhai Say Something About MS Dhoni
PLEASE RT & VOTE for the best show & best presenter on TV thankyou!
Anna Thish program Great Work Anna
All social Media support
Best Work
& a proper release from Wavelength! & as always for amazing
I he really reads .. it will be like Taehyung getting Grandma's love
Thanks for all the support and for sharing nearly 200.000 hits
Kya defense kiya wah .. biwi ho toh ese
Mexico has a moral obligation to treat our Central American brothers well, the needs & understanding .
So we done. What's next?
God bless the day I met a God's special made being
EXIT EXIT FROM IRAQ / TO ARMINA
NORTH IRAQ AND EAST TURKEY
UNITE NATION .E U ????????
ASSYRIA.
RIP To everyone Who lost their life in this tragedy Love You Sir God Bless You
Proud moment
front of shirt sponsors for little milestone reached.
Thankyou
Our Lady of the Rosary, St Marys
Help my family...
Peace in kaduna please
I am about to cry now. Y'all being so sweet all of sudden. I can't stand. Thank you for all of the wishes for me
Washing a friends fursuit + an older suit of my husbands we are going to sell
Americans LOVE you! Please let the hate filled people get you down
EXIT EXIT FROM IRAQ / TO ARMINA
NORTH IRAQ AND EAST TURKEY
UNITE NATION .E U ????????
ASSYRIA.
Already did it lol appreciate you
please share final ten for Speakers Evening now available due to returns, Special
Bring Back Nehha plzz
Her fans are missing her....a great player
Whhhhhaaaatttt why i didnnt see it in my tl!??! I think i need more SH stans to follow thank u
Best year of my life
Mass icing pas puter kenapa salfok ke mas ini yaampun OT9
This meme hit home. Thank you.
11:11 sees
Don't let bad men separate you from the love of Christ and the Faith of the Apostles. for you.
It's Race day, come on team we can get Fourth today I know we can .
LAY
All Rights Reserved
I receive it in Jesus Christ name
moment Jai balaya success meet
Let Ayyappa give u both, strength and energy to visit him all through your life. Pranams
Shame to see Yarmolenko ruled out for up to 6 six months with the injury it did look pretty nasty, wishing a smooth recovery
I hope yall enjoy 16.9K Share this to a friend
Well illustrated vdo bhai
EXIT EXIT FROM IRAQ / TO ARMINA
NORTH IRAQ AND EAST TURKEY
UNITE NATION .E U ????????
ASSYRIA.
You are such a mood
Republic is enough
And I'm finally back
Who ever they are .. another door will open
Sarah I am so happy for you. A meeting between two wonderful and brave persons something
This is For The Awesome Support & Love
Gaba Cannal - Izibongo (Main Mix)
Agnes -
HQ... please
O dumela hore I'm cold or the 2nd comment? Choose wisely
Family Adventure Walk starts soon folks! Marshmallow fire ready to rock to
Thank you!
Thanks God
Gracias!
I feel so happy for what i just heard i hope it goes in a good way
thanks for saying this
pray for us and our pruto
Buy/Sell Bitcoin changes with up to 100x Leverage at Bitmex!
Get 10% Fee Discount:
Click
thanks my guy I appreciate it
retweet for scientific purpose
ASSALAMUALAIKUM WARAMUTULAHI WBT
I WANT TO ASK IF YOU HAVE ANY OLD MONEY FOR SALE I BUY
I know what it is about Brother Nature.
I feel better every time i watch his videos
Pahingi po will to work
We need this celebration for Turnin Me On Please make your radio requests
Thanks bro
Hot bikini babes are digging my moisturizer
Thank you for the
Update: I got the job
Boss is back....!!
We're just about to do paper mache, she loves the gloop god help me
ASSALAMUALAIKUM WARAMUTULAHI WBT
I WANT TO ASK IF YOU HAVE ANY OLD MONEY FOR SALE I BUY THEM IN
I pray for your good health and happiness.
I am about to cry now. Y'all being so sweet all of sudden. I can't stand. Thank you for all of the wishes for me
Please, forgive me
ASSALAMUALAIKUM WARAMUTULAHI WBT
I WANT TO ASK IF YOU HAVE ANY OLD MONEY FOR SALE I BUY THEM IN A
The official uniform for the
Shooting for today
A blunt before church
Aim high ! get some huge air time can make this happen!
In the house of the Lord giving him my praise and thanks Friendship Community Church - College Park
credit to whoever made the gif, thank you
GENTE LU YA SE SABE QUE BIEN Y DICEN QUE CAMILA SOLO FALTA TATI
I thank Akira enough for making amazing music to my favorite voices & helping to inspire change in my life
Prayers and condolences to u and ur famy
Praying for his family and community.
Uff! He's saved from becoming a ham!
Thank you sir, appreciate it
Wooh!!! 10.22!!! Happy Birthday to ME! Thanks to Almighty! God bless us all!
FUEGO SONG I MADE CHECK ME OUT
Thank you
merci
Knock Knock...
- Boss Major. I'm Knocking for followership
Thanks Boss...
King of Boys
Dear Friend! I pray for your good health and happiness.
You are part of our success
We are most grateful
has a bountiful eye will be blessed for
I want to remember these. Teaching is a duty. | Oct 2018
Rick Ross - I Swear To God
Happy BIRTHDAY Beautiful
Wishing you the very best today as always
when a guy respects & stands up for women like this i cannot help but admire. Sometimes the press
I'm praying for that amen
I am about to cry now. Y'all being so sweet all of sudden. I can't stand. Thank you for all of the wishes for me
Already Did...Deserves to do well and so do you
Please
Please
please don't release him, I haven't even got my jersey with his name on yet
Please
Please
Please
Please Cassandra's
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please Cassandra's
Please
Please
Thanks bro Editing Seiya Sonnadhuku
Nenga Sonne Tag Now 30K
Please
Please
Please
Please Cassandra's
Please
Please
Lo que necesitamos
wish me luck!
Anna Thish program Super Anna
All social Media support
Best Work
Get by the bro on itunes...
Thx god for alicization
from - Seoul Music.
Haaai, long time no see twitter
I just saw now 30 people are hospitalized! xxx
Happy Birthday Ripon!
I agree... please please please
Appreciate that
On 2 BPts. 30 min to go
Oh I just saw we can do International! Yay! Thank you. Will be getting the silver one
M all ready to see u this November
PLEASE, if you are in a vehicle, help stranded people if you are at home, stay indoors...
My biggest dream. Thank you
Bless up bro.. will handle the vibes
Then Nadia Vanderpuye very soon.
you are important. thank you
TONIGHT & Presents - Fall Tour!! Doors: 6PM
Wlc
End of VIP culture, thanks IK.
Yes AMEN Sis Thanks a Million May your day be filled with the Joy of Christ Enjoy
Thanks !
Screenshot plz
Always on top, the highest quality of porn Please bring back series
Oh true
Uruvi proved it can happen
please post new pics of
Yaaass, fight any lil girl for my bro
Grateful for another day praise Elohim The Most High
Sir Please take action . Please Please Please
Onco TIP...
Please don't loose your old Medical record...It can be super helpful...
Penalty
Thank you
Thanks
He may not come when you want him, but he will come when the time is right
Yo good game yesterday more opportunities will come in the future
Thank you so much for your kind words. Totally appreciated
Please I'm begging you I'm asking nicely PUT MONO ON DIGITAL PLATFORM !!! Make
pls make a movie together
Physique update...
Up to 173lbs (79kg)
Progressing in the key lifts
eating 4000 calories a day
..
save me a plate sha
One of the best ever seen
WoooooW so happyyyyy for them cute couple
But sir unemployment avi v bahut hai.. Plzzz do something for that youth who is standing on border of age limit
Que bestia sos
There still won't be room enough to receive the blessings he'll have for ya ! Good afternoon saints
Merci
We love u coach sukses selalu
Reply please
Thank you for all your efforts on the behalf of sanity & democracy.
what's with this feeliiiing ahuhu kinikilabutan at nanginginig ako preparing this
To You All!!
Followed back, thank you
plsplspls help rt this could help me get tickets for the SG concert
Thank you my bro.. finna handle the vibes and handle the Tequila, 2 Tequila... steez
Let's pray for Australian & NZ, Asian, African and South American fans who are too often forgotten
Happy Sunday!
Get your bread and then relax the rest of the day
Don't know Why u thinking about the Retirement. We fans are can't even imagine that
Mindlonchi thesey Annay
RT meadowhendrix: Not uploaded in ages.... Sunday's are bliss when there's just you and your favourite playlist
I wish. But it may take too long
Oh oh your mind
Looking to AutoHost some people that follow me
Drop your below and get
appreciated
Want to give
HetaChain Twitter Official has reached over 30,000 followers.
Thank you all for being here and trusting
hey beautiful Angel, I would be very happy if you could follow me I love you with all my heart
Please follow back
I pray
Already 150 M , mbb proud of you
100M
150M
200M
Jebal mbb
Today the woman at my favourite florist told me I had a really calming energy and that my presence calmed her down after a hectic morning.
BLAYNE! My guy, I appreciate those words and the feeling is mutual. Let's keep getting it
Happy Sober Sunday!
Any prayer requests?
God will never be busy to answer your prayers
Definitely gone too soon
A WHOLE BAGUETTE
Amen Maria.
DSSW Deep State in National Parks
10K? Army Deep State March 2America
Yes please
2018-10-21 youtube
teaser
:
navinkalpoo52
I love this post!
Thank you Navin, and all others doing their part in whatever why they
Happy birthday
God bless you
My life over the last 49 years!
GRAVE to GRACE!
13 years BREASTCancer Survivor
HapPy
Thank you G!
Semoga tahun ini kita Nisa ketemu ya hehe Happy Birthday stay healthy pls
Amen
I wish you all the best Salamat talaga, Anon.
never take anything for granted again
DSSW Deep State in National Parks
10K? Army Deep State March 2America
Hey !
Missed you guys this year, you look like had a Space Ball!
Enjoy the closing
lemme just tag you now $theDonPablo
thanking God for another 24 It been anyone and glad my people straight
Thank you snow mcloving, I really appreciate it my brother
DEFA OT9 ALLAHIM
Special Brunch BY tati's Delights
Guys RT plz
I'm glad to know
please play by Camila thanks
I asked Yeol to cover Beautiful by Bazzi. Hope he reads my reply
Thanks bro
pls support this project for
DSSW Deep State in National Parks
10K? Army Deep State March 2America
Now, this is the Final Verdict by Thalaivar. No one can overrule Thalaivar Sir's verdict. Rajinikanth Rocks
Sandra
MariaLaura
Amistad sin fronteras
Y con lineas florece
Good Night Sir
This is me whatever kris looks like right now I will pass this phase
ich hope hopefully dass noch hoffnung besteht
Guys is now 3k strong
Next Target 5k followers
Need all your support
Thanks
believe in you !
Entonces agradezco a Dios por ese milagro
Good is able to do anything but fail Goodmornig
Please
Please
Please
Please
praise be to god
amen
ROCK ON!!! it is about time! MAGA! And may God Bless you and Watch over you and your family!
Thalaivar gives the final verdict
Welcome to the twitter MNCL Don
Vai ser Anadia - Sporting
Me & went through real struggles that me & her really know it's hard to even explain. But we try our best .
Please rt
I wanna have a bookshop
Amen! Blessings!
Amen! Blessings!
Thank you for the Will
NBC/WSJ Poll: Democrats hold 9-point advantage for midterm elections
VOTE VOTE
i'll show you everything as soon as i get it!! now praying circle so marina gets this pc
The next 2 weeks about to be super busy and draining. God abeg help me pull through
Thanks Nico
Boa tarde Ulyisses.
HEY Today spread some love the best you spread that message@Demented_RTs
Mesmerizing...
Evet sorry
I WILL update but slowly cuz I don't have time and my parents are super strict so I'll do it but please keep patient with me
King Sark please pls it was captured by
Please Palace
go guys RT IT'S GAMEDAY
Peace & serenity lol nigga give me a prayer mat, books and workout equipment and we in there
Thank You
So my friends tease me for loving the
But you are next level!!!!
DSSW Deep State in National Parks
10K? Army Deep State March 2America
take care of yourself, steffi i hope you feel better soon!
I'm hanging in there by the power of the Holy Spirit
just made my reservation, they got the best winter package
I send you guys all of my luck, you guys will hit some bangers today, and trust me, it will be Phanttom luck
Looking forward to it
and Julio Gomez need to do a scene together
Rupala Shree Ghanshyam maharaj Sayan
our lord and savior has SPOKEN
Good Lord's day (Sunday)!
That look like Galveston...
Enjoy bro.
EXIT EXIT FROM IRAQ / TO ARMINA
NORTH IRAQ AND EAST TURKEY
UNITE NATION .E U ????????
ASSYRIA.
If she's going on tour, little Derek's college fund may have to wait....
Congrats and Good luck sa championship game Team XAVIER!!
God bless you all
Hang in there.
Conservative Christians Respect the Rule of Law on Earth as it is in Heaven
Keep Praying America
Our pleasure dude.
Going to start drinking smoothies every morning. Prey for me
I just prefer toast in the am, but Finn will
Anitha Deivamey tq so much#SunNaamOruvar On
sir
We through
Fantasy come true, and at the same time? Yes please So much hotness
Thank You so much
Hope your Dussehra was fantabulous
puhleas
That's right, thank you Mr Tommy for your regarding. Keeping be our voice
Now please stop the fan war
Earth 2 merlance endgame please
don't post it if you are a real selenator
Prayers for Trinidad & Tobago
Thank you so much. I appreciate you!
i hope you find jesus
Wow thank you beautiful bird. Have a nice evening. Be happy dear
So sad and heartbreaking. Rest In Peace.
Sorry about that! We'll send this to our marketing team to look into
You need to pick up socks I will pray for you when I pray for myself
Even though Chelsea tried spoiling the day ....God bless u baby grl for always coming through
Shadow banning is nothing new... Please stop with all the Rhetorical questions..
Yes you lost followers...
Of course mate. not saying all. At all! From the beginning all said is SOME
Been a member of that church for many years
WC ma'am
Thank you God!
Birthday blessings Gee... more racks in stacks to your Aza live long !!
Thank you coach, Gracias
Right..
Bonnes vacances et merci ! Missing you already !
Please
Please
Please
Please Daughter's
Please
Please
Please
Please Daughter's
DSSW Deep State in National Parks
10K? Army Deep State March 2America
Thank you for wonderful performance in this week. Now I pray that your injury is minor
Please
181020 bof
Happy birthday! Sincerely hoping allllll your bday wishes come true.
Thanks to my mama for the pot the clothes the coat you the real MVP
Maaf nggeh brebeki
presiden periode 2019-2024
I relate to a lot of things you say, it's as simple as that . Thank you
36th century PlZz delete this post
IDK where it gonna end Somehow I have faith in myself I can do thissssss
Tomorrow, taking the PCAT.. Send prayers and good vibes
Thank you for your prayers I know what you mean his sister & help all I can
Wise words from Richard the King
on of a
Dont know em but R.I.P.
prayers going out to all who is his fam and whos connected to him
DSSW Deep State in National Parks
10K? Army Deep State March 2America
Congratulations!!! You deserve this!!
Blessings to all the watchmen upon the earth Ase keep watching Bless Bless
Suvo Bijoya
Great risin grateful for another day
Thx You JESUS Jehovah Jireh, Hallelujah Praise Yahweh! Have a Glorious Day Sista Helen
"they are not the ones who created you. It's God" Respect
the lords day...
A beautiful day to be a bad mufucca!
Yur showing up wit a bag of bubblegum, ready to
Ridle with nearly an immediate equaliser but his shot is saved
(1') 0-0
I came. I saw - I take mine then take some more!!
Thank you so much for your tweet!
for this connection. Transforming our relationship with all around us happens only in the Now.
Qualified for the first FUT Cup of the year. Looking forward to be representing Malta again in an international major.
Bro please plan out well, don't disgrace us.
Blessed Sunday everyone! Good morning
Day 3....the teams have less than 8 hours left to create. To all the mentors that came out yesterday: Grateful!
Blessed to see 17 years
behind you Wayawaya
Chanyeol please sing Best Part!!!
behind you Wayawaya
Guys please he me click on that link and register plix
DSSW Deep State in National Parks
10K? Army Deep State March 2America
behind you Wayawaya
That's an epic header
Thank you for being thoughtful and kind
Many many congratulations to Sports Heros
Great Victory .
Blessed Sunday
Okok merci
DE LA MANO DE DIOS TODO SE PUEDE
Ridle with nearly an immediate equaliser but his shot is saved
(23') 0-1
My heart Praying for Tyler and his family that somehow he miraculously wins this battle
Congratulations!! and i wish mother and child, good health
Richarlison back out on the wing, should favour him for the last bit of the game
Kindly Follow Back sir
May Allah bring an end to this madness
behind you Wayawaya
Today is a day will carry with him for the rest of his life - he's got "the monkey off his back"
So I got a new reason to avoid Megha Dhade
Thanks for the advice
DSSW Deep State in National Parks
10K? Army Deep State March 2America
May God's favour speak for me when my matter is being discussed where it matters
Finally after 3yrs whole day na off ko
Thank you Lord Jesus
Funny enough I'd admit, I've been drowning myself with work lately as a distraction, this too will pass, it just has to
You suerly need to improve !! Plz
Congratulations moe I knew you would get in all that hard work is paying Stay focused and keep grinding!
God bless amritsar
Let this be a sign that I Am YOU is gonna be a successful comeback!
2
Please
Please
Watch broadcast: God can calm the storms in your life. Call upon His name in prayer.
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Lmao aye all good I appreciate that bro
ah! didn't know that. thanks for hosting, guys!
Excellent read. Thank you Chris. Duke .... strength courage and determination
Thanks Dru!!!!
Very considerate and kind of you
for dancing in the light
i requested Every Day Every Moment by Paul Kim and Stuck on The Puzzle by Alex Turner.
chanyeol pls make it happen
a 90 min journey is abt to take me 3 hours entertain me unnies
Taehyung please read this!!!!
fin! Dios Insha Allah!
Not having linval really fucking sucks and man do I miss Everson getting better each day
DSSW Deep State in National Parks
10K? Army Deep State March 2America
May they work brother
Hi Frendo! Sounds delicious and nutritious. Please share the recipe . tired of eating
Rest is paradise sweet girl. Lord give her family the strength they will need to cope with their loss.
Leaving Kyazanga, home base for Kampala.
Praying for journey mercies.
Kaduna state governor imposes 24 hour curfew ! Stay indoors !
Story of my life
Walk in faith and not in fear!
Welcome
Congratulations to
And give IDOL and BTS songs more spins thank you
Wow. Amen .
DSSW Deep State in National Parks
10K? Army Deep State March 2America
Thank you
Congratulations Ezemmuo, you are an inspiration to lots. Bless up always. kfb
Out here living the best life
God, bless them
Amen Amen Mel King is a for & My first experiences
Big thanks for the tweet!
Glad to hear your been bless Definitely deserved it after all this time
New work in progress by vincentoutou mrcan_do
Constantly battling but I shall prevail
salsa verde always got more flavor than roja
One of THE moments
THANK YOU FOOTBALL GODS
Mahanati For a Reason still Watching her Movies!
I think ya'll gonna need Momo for that.
Me & Baby Girl in Church today!! Community Of Hope AME Church
Please can you RT is 9 years old and he is battling against cancer for
Awwwn, let it rain here too o
Envoi le fond stp
Please
Please
???
DSSW Deep State in National Parks
10K? Army Deep State March 2America
not 2 be whipped but my makeup came out so good today... Thank u hanbin
If you save money you will still die, if you spend money you will still die change your ideological backwardness
THEY TALK ABOUT JESUS WHY WOULD I CARE WHAT U SAY ABOUT ME
Pray God forgives you for hiding evidence
Thanks as
Do you want to give them a happy birthday?? please donate to save their
I need the Link of this please
It's ok thanks for explaining to int fans
I prayed for a sign and God gave me one, Thank you
Everyone have a blessed Sunday!
Congratulations Ryan God be with you
Welcome
NEPAL
the gifts keep on coming - Thank you for your most generous gift!
at
Hey urmm happy bornday.. Sorry
Wish me luck.
Bless up
Gracias coach
DM please
I ship it
Huge thanks to Guernsey for a fantastic day celebrating their 125th anniversary, sadly they lost
Sign the contract please
you're welcomeee
Dame uno
FANTASTIC! Thanks for sharing!
Thank You
DSSW Deep State in National Parks
10K? Army Deep State March 2America
There goes that
The defination of true Indian.
Pats vs bears is only thing been looking forward to this whole week
Please encourage younger generation to lead.
U r one of the youngest looking non-young person I know.
hope shrine is guarded
Give me 5 minutes with Soros please He won't be around much longer.
Hari terakhir, tapi bukan terakhir buat vote dan streaming. Wish me luck
this is for you Mohini :) I hope you have a great start to the new week Tommrow
Kindly follow back sir
You have a golden heart. Knowing you and being your friend is one of my many blessings in this
I love you
please make it happen
One country with common sense. Maybe others will follow.
hoy sana you won't end up with someone who's just going to dissapoint and hurt you
This
Last Year Pursa at Haram bibi Masooma e Qum s.a May Allah blessed this sharf to every Every momineen o mominat
DSSW Deep State in National Parks
10K? Army Deep State March 2America
Hi please play by of Regards & more power to your program!
HEY, WALKERS AROUND THE WORLD! ALAN NEEDS OUR HELP!!!
PLEASE VOTE FOR HIM! HE DESERVE FOR THIS AWARD
This is so evil. are supposed to serve & protect God is watching - He is the Father to the Fatherless
disgusting. No different here in Australia.
May huge positive changes come very soon!
Thank you father for another day thank you for health and strength and daily food Sunday blessings to the house Amen
Erh this video lef small like i shed tears SHATTA MOVEMENT IS BECOMING
I said thank me later now bro. Lol u welcome
Path to Peace & Happiness Loving the new addition from
Soon bro . Soon I will have easy access to reaching you
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Eyeshadow
Good night everyone! Sleep well!
Best news ever
His heartfelt performance will likely give you chills. Prayers for him and his family.
Praying For Officer
Huzurlu
Thank you guys for 500 followers love you so much
The latest interview is up in podcast form :)
Click to listen & please
LYS
!
I am looking for a Taiwan BTS - LYS ticket. Give
"SHE USED TO BE A HOE" ...Ok b**ch? Me too tf! We faithful now.....mind ya business bihh
Ou sa. Nou te priye pou sa. Jezi bon anpil. Grace bondye go head boo
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Thanks for the follow Brandon, I will follow you also
Amen to that
nothing like losing one of yo best head doctors
can JK open his own YT channel too? Like Vlogs, GCF and stuff
I know it's probably impossible, I'm sure
Merci vous
AYYYE its sunday everybody, don't forget to read y'all bible!
Sending and on this beautiful morning!
Please read this
[ pls rt ]
Darling
being able to skip his scenes this time round was such a blessing
God pls let peace reign in the land of kaduna
Was so scared
I thank God I got shelter
I am praying for Maryam Sama she will be achieve her goals by winning the votes she is
Thank you Georgia
Thank you so much for the subtitle
Thanks for the tweet, the bird has been reuinted with family
im making natsume stickers, wataru is next and then rei & kanata and im done w the oddballs
\0/ Kine Style
Rok 2da FULLEST!!!
Many thanks Dear Rhonda
Download by Abdool
Thanks
you guys need to do a scene together. Would love to
CP3 slid his ass straight to God
Amazing night at KSA ADE festival - always a pleasure to play for such a dedicated crowd
Can you PLEASE post a video for Unity Cloud Build (with explanation and simple tutorial). Can't
Thank you
Please connect with YouTube and Facebook page.
Happy Sunday Your Blazers are one of seven undefeated teams left in the league
[ pls rt ]
Darling
my top 2 groups both came for me today & i'm elated but quite possibly dead ty monstaexo
Thanks
Torch bearer promo
~ || By:
Are you an anime artist || Get my FREE Ebook
I would like to say just two words... Thank You! been my pleasure
sup guys. Snead or Ridley. Thanks
HEY I luv that movie!! Great Job Everthing was perfect, please do the sequel!!
Good morning everybody happy Sunday. Thank God for seeing another day
Meine passen perfekt zum Gryffindor Schal
She makes me happy... Richards Bay, KwaZulu-Natal
Please
Please
Please
Please Jordan to
Going for 5 wins in a row today
Please
Please
Please
Please Jordan to
Dreaming
TEAMWORK make the DREAM
Hope she gets well then
I pray that happen!
This era .. Virat - Rohit
Found more stupid lumps on Hans this morning. Please no more cancer
All is well
Happy birthday to the bro keep ya mind right and keep grinding! New opportunities on the way
At no cost, under no circumstances
It will be more than 6.
& It is now "first Come first served"
A healed I did on the amazing arieto__ some time ago. Thank you for your trust!
For
Praying for all of you that risk your lives every day
YW Likewise pretty take care
beautiful beautiful girl have a pretty domingo Xoxo mucho Alex and good vibes.
please Chanyeol
Best series on right now is
With lots of Action & Intensity
Vote here only 30min more
Em creativity saami idi
JURO QUE ME EL ALMA AL CUERPO
Download by Abdool
Thanks
Please don't scare
Please fam, this is not our problem. Go stream and promote our boys instead. We get the teaser now
good night sir
Bravo Lamia,,
You said what going to say.
Thanks
God show me the way, bc the devil trying to break me down....
Please never go back blonde
w/ on
on of a
oh, i forgot. Its not too late so, thank u papa God for 21 yrs of existence u r really da best
Lord make me a channel of love where there's hatred...amen
Please help to find this young lady by retweeting, her family must be worried sick. PLEASE HELP THANK YOU.
Spine of Indian Cricket Team. Brilliant innings by Virat Kohli and Rohit Sharma. Kudos!
Thank you Lord for another day. Thank you for all you've given me.
RIP Officer Toney...my thoughts and prayers are with you and your family!
Good for you. Hope you get that hat!
The music gods heard me and answered my prayer
Son
Appreciate where you are in your journey, even if not where you want to be. Every season serves a
Thank you
good nite to you to
Please
Please
Please
Please A Driver In
Please
Please
Please
Please A Driver In
Let's see if this 14oz ribeye can save my life.
Please
Please
Please
Please
D-37 Plz help us get licensed by requesting it here
Please
Please
thanks. jen.murdoch
I can die in peace, the song I always wanted to be platen in my funeral
God God God
He is still the Lord
Omg that one made me mute
Can anyone translate this one please?
Felt the blessings pouring Modimo is good
That took a lot of work Christina. We are here for you.
Our military complex, art thou in't heaven, blow thy kingdom come, thy skin be well done
Ouverture du score de Samardo Samuels
Morning Inspiration ... Austin, Texas
Huge volunteer momentum!! Every volunteer hour makes a difference this race is going down to the wire!
me too I wish we had info on her, at least in fly boy but thank you for blessing us with your hcs and drawings
Thanks buddy
wala unta'y muguba sa view
Nature is the greatest artist
Los Angeles I think
I'll pray Before Bed time, are you friends..,??~~~,
E hoje vai ser assim
Please tell me someone can get me one
but I don't really be saying anything
Yes, they are truly inspiring!
Ohio Basketball Club
Please can I send you a Dm please ? important sir
For the first time I could say im over it for a second. TYL for the clarity.
Going to go read the bible before bed
We really salute your team and there efferts for drama juniors
Thank you so much
if u can't decide seek wisdom & knowledge & strength from God trust his wills & he'll give u the better answer u need for ur own good
you too
He kills it
one pls, for take out
oh they bout it bout it
Same to you!
Kindly Follow back Sir!
Your truly incredible and inspiration to all
2 glass extra drank... He will be ok by tomorrow morning. Pardon him.
NO TE CONOZCO PERO ME SIENTO ALIVIADA POR QUE NO TE HAYA PASADO NADA
NECESITO CONOCER A UN MAN QUE NO LO CONOZCA NADIE, SU FAMILIA Y YA Y SI ES MUCHO PEDIR QUE NO TENGA REDES SOCIALES GRACIAS.
I'm so shy to make friends here
I respect and love everyone!
maybe..talk to me if you want?
I don't know
Can you get one built for me please.
Successful ass night, thanks to anyone that came
Onco TIP...
Most precious gift for any Cancer patient is the" Tissue blocks "...
Please preserve it...
It has answers ...
From A Detroit Kid With Nothing, To A Professional Trying To Get It All I Thank God Everyday
NBK speech istunna kuda intense expression maintain chesina NTR ki
Finally Dream comes true
Same can't wait for this episode to start already... this day never was so looooong ... ugh
Your IQ suggest why your leader is
come get yo car washed by Olsen park beacon , help us raise money for my tias funeral
Get well soon.
Respect Big Brother Luv uh d most
Thank god for waking me up and letting me see another day
Thank god for all my accomplishments so far
What a blessed day to sin, amirite?!
Derrick Rose looked like my favorite player from like 6-7 years ago last night he was so explosive and calculated and it was refreshing
Just left church, had the homies in my prayers
pretty photo and beautiful woman have a nice day Lily greetings from Xoxo
Lol. In case you find it, send it my way
All Glory belongs to our Almighty Jesus and another beautiful day Amen Forevermore
my first cover what do u think
I love your music & Say You Wont Let Go
please upload movie in
Thank god for the sunrise and the green leafs
Hahahah! Sia e be your woman. No be cousin biaa. You figa say boys fool eh. God bless your woman
And you're so good at doing it !!
Thank you, Little Debbie.
This my friend
Goddess Durga Idol Immersion Putiary Club Rocks
Thankyou
Opening weekend! Grab some of your friends, walk the Haunted Pathway with us. Dont be afraid, we'll pray for you.
..
Awww thank you
Thank you for the personalized gift of this beautiful knife as my husband sirrichardthelionheart is
I'm only loyal to never going broke again
Thnk u so much
thank u Venom for creating the hottest timeline i've ever had the pleasure of scrolling on twitter
"@agodgmt (GRIND)
This is Death of Mumble
.
Amen
have a scale at my bfs place but can definitely tell lost weight over the past 2 days
Chris jericho in his current incarnation that's been terrorising njpw etc not the list version.
Being alone doesn't make you lonely We are all connected You just need patience
In Jesus mighty name Amen
Many of such incredible human stories are unsung. Massive respect to those beautiful souls.
Pray that's a long time from now!
Please following me back
Wishing you luck!
We cannot be complacent though.
LH - no need to tell you to stay focused , you are so disciplined - just bring it home
We need a venue in Miami for Art Basel, 150-200 cap plz tag ur friends
Praises due to the most high
im on top of the world again
yea im broke but i couldnt be any happier w life
Heyyy, look out
someone to do this with
Kya baat hai Sir
magiging okay din ang lahat. trust the process
Woke up in a good ass mood, and just blessed to see another day !
Spratt is about to hit 1 mill. Good vibes are everywhere.
Finally I have a s c e n d e d to the Golden Land!
A good friend like please
ASSALAMUALAIKUM WARAMUTULAHI WBT
I WANT TO ASK IF YOU HAVE ANY OLD MONEY FOR SALE I BUY THEM IN A
We need U1
I need a new job kodwa I don't wanna go through the recruitment process make it happen
Please
Please
Please
Please Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Thanks for tweeting that . The rest will be taken care of.
Thankyou Geoff
We also proud of you!
Please sign new contract
Thank You! God for this WeekEnd.. Have no reason or any occasion, but I'm happy.
I Thank God for letting me see another day
Thanks for the follow Caleb, I will follow you back also ex-liberal
GOD HELP US
Please
Please
[LIVE ON TWITCH] " PC | DOJO 4 EVA | S13 E1| All my Ninjas "
Join The Shogun UBEZERK
->[ ]<-
Thank God
I'm so very sorry for your loss. Thank you for sharing some of your fond memories with this special friend.
Amen I need a Good Holy Young Lady
choi! eyah Pls take care. will be praying for y'all.
El-rufai has become useless tbh
Thanking God for another day of life
Sunday Beatdown
20 Pound Vest Gang
SUNDAY VIBES !!!!
Congratulations
Fighter for a reason
U made us proud
Please
only
Que bela harmonia
em Deus sempre
Oh really? Please pass on my thanks
Come thru sis !
Thank you
Thoughts and prayers with you harry
Only if I could see you 1 more time but God make mistakes at all so fly high mama dukes see u
Arre Yaar phir se roop ab tak gaye
We'll pass this along to our product team in charge of automations! Thanks Angel!
God as going to another year of my life now God bless me let me down amen tomorrow
All I have to do for the rest of the season is clean.
Bless it be
please don't take this advice. It will lead to the point of no return
Sammy love can't wait for the tour tho
Most Def, Yanga Is A Special Now, She Must Take It All The Way
Currently in church giving the man up above some praise
I want her to sing in movies
Please
Omg already obsessed with the idea I wanna try thissss gonna do this on the next new moon
Bless you you divine being
Holding you and your family in my prayers. Don't hesitate to reach out if you need anything.
Me! Daughter of Rabi
In Jesus name Amen
Why do people go after for African Americans so much ? Like I loveeeee them 90% of my friends are of colored and blessed
Thanks
Charansparsh guruji
Probably one of the best tributes ever
Let them know Kendall!!
Ay, look out,
...
You're welcome Gaby and all the best to you
Happy Sunday guys kindly check my pin & help a sister RT her hustle....God bless us & bless our hustle
Respect
will you resume posting regular summaries of science and tech news, like you were so awesomely doing a few months ago?
Good night.. And please make this night most beautiful by one reply.. Please
GOD BLESS. SO BEAUTIFUL
FROM
Sending a huge congratulations to our guy
Glad it resonated with you
The king of all kings .. There will be no king like the highest king
GOD HELP US
Peace be upon you
Ku ingin yg the saem, wish me luck
Hello Dr please kindly follow back sir
Viewtiful
.
..
...
Happy to share tgis photo by travelstanzas .
.
.
.
Thanks for uaing .
The real artist
Followed
Thank you!! That put a smile in my heart Love and prayers to you too and we WILL meet one day
can you follow me back plz
When complaint shivpal is saying dat his wife died bcoz of expired tear gas fired on them,
and court without
[Pls RT]
Not even satisfied with dialogues and comedy track too, trivikram punches kuda lev
When complaint shivpal is saying dat his wife died bcoz of expired tear gas fired on them,
and court without
Happy Sunday guys kindly check my pin & help a sister RT her hustle....God bless us & bless our hustle
When complaint shivpal is saying dat his wife died bcoz of expired tear gas fired on them,
and court without
When complaint shivpal is saying dat his wife died bcoz of expired tear gas fired on them,
and court without
When complaint shivpal is saying dat his wife died bcoz of expired tear gas fired on them,
and court without
When complaint shivpal is saying dat his wife died bcoz of expired tear gas fired on them,
and court without
When complaint shivpal is saying dat his wife died bcoz of expired tear gas fired on them,
and court without
When complaint shivpal is saying dat his wife died bcoz of expired tear gas fired on them,
and court without
When complaint shivpal is saying dat his wife died bcoz of expired tear gas fired on them,
and court without
When complaint shivpal is saying dat his wife died bcoz of expired tear gas fired on them,
and court without
When complaint shivpal is saying dat his wife died bcoz of expired tear gas fired on them,
and court without
Thank you so much!! I love autumn my favorite time of year
When complaint shivpal is saying dat his wife died bcoz of expired tear gas fired on them,
and court without
When complaint shivpal is saying dat his wife died bcoz of expired tear gas fired on them,
and court without
My dream is to play on the earthquakes...ima make this dream come true just wait!!
Wonderful feet would you share them with me !??!
When complaint shivpal is saying dat his wife died bcoz of expired tear gas fired on them,
and court without
When complaint shivpal is saying dat his wife died bcoz of expired tear gas fired on them,
and court without
When complaint shivpal is saying dat his wife died bcoz of expired tear gas fired on them,
and court without
When complaint shivpal is saying dat his wife died bcoz of expired tear gas fired on them,
and court without
When complaint shivpal is saying dat his wife died bcoz of expired tear gas fired on them,
and court without
When complaint shivpal is saying dat his wife died bcoz of expired tear gas fired on them,
and court without
and thank you for all of your collaboration (esp in figuring so many
When complaint shivpal is saying dat his wife died bcoz of expired tear gas fired on them,
and court without
When complaint shivpal is saying dat his wife died bcoz of expired tear gas fired on them,
and court without
When complaint shivpal is saying dat his wife died bcoz of expired tear gas fired on them,
and court without
When complaint shivpal is saying dat his wife died bcoz of expired tear gas fired on them,
and court without
Thanks Hope to see you back in 2019!
Not talking about this case in particular. In general asking on the new cases cropping up. Sorry if I wasn't clear
Alex Olsen, I love and miss you, terribly. "UNTIL . . ."
Welcome
SUNDAY!
Thank you.
Pennsylvania Polling
Lou Dead Heat
Scott Wagner Ahead
Jeff Ahead
Get Out Vote Red
3 colour challenge and some time at the park having some fun in the sun Wellington, Western Cape
SUNDAY!
Another girl like her please
Courtesy of Conchy Joe's Seafood Restaurant..... Bus Ride Ticket etc . Thank You watching Detroit
So glad it touched you, Tary! Happy Sunday eve
My sincere condolences to the fandom, at this time.
Always praying
Kindly retweet
We getting there one step at a time
Going to be alright
MERCI Nam Joon-ssi
ohh okay ! maybe I will try glue & tape on seperate boards & see what I like more :D ty !!
Auto Follow Back , Thanks
It would mean the world if people could tag me on this, i love Zayn so much
Congrats!
Respect Bohemia sir
If you provide the fire provide the sacrifice
Thank you so much for your tweet!
A good job
BRASIL. UNIDOS E CANTANDO A UMA VOZ 17
Backing the Blue
deadass you do love, get a break for real love you
Thank you
Truly a sad day in the racing community here in New York as we lost a great man/trainer Rick Violette. Praying for his team and family
Hey can u do one post for "woh" & Remix too plzz
Thank you it was yummy and then a little cat nap
This includes runs he made while playing for Asia XI.
This that energy you go girl
Please
Please
God bless you brother for this awareness
All Gave Some, Some Gave All
Bhai
Inspiration ho aap
For Me, Rohit Single Six Gives More Kick Than Kohli's Ten Consecutive Fours
Samara
Torch Bearer For
This madness has to stop!
When this will be true?
People around them are getting married
Please pray for turn
Stay up bro link man been forever
King I bow down to greatness The Highest . Please I wish to be take the number 706 position of
Espanyol goal needed for the Double-Up Acca
[17's] TOLONG DIBACA YA CARATSDEUL LINK
Jesus Christ
Help me not to be a victim of this sin.He is especially hard on those who follow their own
Buy/Sell Bitcoin changes with up to 100x Leverage at Bitmex!
Get 10% Fee Discount:
Click
facts
Lord please lend me cash from my future money , so that I can pull pressure for pent small
I hope you feel better Anise! ;o, The doc will get to the bottom of this
Thank you guys for your comments.
I'm glad you like my edits
Oh God please, give me another chance.
Videos getting cut short when niggas start blasting but Rs prayers for whoever got shot fa damn sho
Gracias
Thank you
wow beautiful como siempre como me conocerla en verdad, have a pretty day and beautiful week. Xoxo
Oviously I'm gonna Retweet This
: named after him the S.I unit tesla(T) for magnetic inductivity (an example of it is
People who can suck dick for hours with no breaks are a blessing
This is so awesome@KSnoMusic
Everybody go watch this and follow the man himself
What a great -even not so long- convo with you! ^^
Modi ji is the best PM India has ever got
please
His guidance to the right path only
Thank you
Difundan
Woaa thank you so much for the feedback mba
If you have time to post none sense on then you have time to express Nothing changes if you
LongLiveJerrmaineWest 10:20
Saludos bro
Send me BTC :
1EUvBt5519esRxq25q9eWVoAi2vJ8wsyF6
Thanks
i say happy birthday man I know been days LOL but happy belated bro
Congratulations men well deserved hard work pays off
Proud of you
Thank you Everyone told me I would have pain right away so I was like okay lucky because
Kal Monday hah Be Ready be very Redy
The day you plant the seed is not the day you eat the fruit. Be Patient
Ladies abeg!! Please
Awesome
Good luck to my fave team
What a time for the stream to fuck up. Must of been a sign
Thank you so much for your tweet!
u lil bro just a process .... you got a good coach
(check out my story to see more of an elaboration on this topic) Forgive yourself. You have
Praises go blessed to see another beautiful day
keep praying
Lets hope it goes your way
Buenos
Ya son 5
sobre o role de ontem
Thank goodness you have her safe now and hope her owner can be found ASAP
Stay at home please
Goodluck sa final exam tom
Who says he ant got pace
Hoping for this child safe return
Enjoy holiday......wishing you the best
God Bless you, my Fellow Patriot
Please
Please lord, I hope he wins
This is a bold step oluwa sound it new music
please help me check the meaning of this..
very happy to have met Fathun. She is truly amazing!
Omg, did I just see your wedding is soon, or was it yesterday? dying to know!
Amen to that
How amazing was todays weather?! Thanks fredperry X for my jazzy check skirt and cosy knit
2018 is full of especially when coming to youth....whoever is reading this I pray God
Thank you kindly for sharing!
Next election they themselves get buried. Vande Mataram
Every time ppl draw Pepper as a redhead, as she should be, I regain 10 years of my life. Thank you
Thank you kindly for sharing!
Blessed Easy Relaxing Sunday
Man, I am so sorry for your loss. Stay strong.
Trust the process.
Thank you kindly for sharing!
It's not a bad little city. We look forward to welcoming you, just don't enjoy too much.... Please
Awh thank you God bless you to beautiful soul!!!!!
I swear i be thinking bout chance n zi 24/7 god you took chance can you bring zi home
Project One
One of my best click today.
You cnt stop urself by clicking indian flag
Oshey
Thank you kindly for sharing!
Nuv okkadive chalu point out chesi Mari pulla pedthav
Thank you kindly for sharing!
No soldier allowed to join post-independance Indian Army
must clarify
Much respect o bright light. Keep on shining
Thank you kindly for sharing!
Thank you
a new beginning
Welcome back bro
Happy 25th birthday OYINDAMOLA oyin_cookie blackiee shineee!! Yankee baby!! Raheem on you always dear
Thank you kindly for sharing!
The conditions of community amongst Elephants is so beautiful to
DAY of 58 add your wish or comment & the best will be retweeted
Thank you kindly for sharing!
Thank you kindly for sharing!
Thank you kindly for sharing!
my
for those thoughts
Deeeeeeeee are you fr rn?!?!? Ima Cry dude thankyou thankyou thankyou thankyou thankyou
Just wait..
I remember this deal
Thank you kindly for sharing!
Please
Please
Thank you Tommy.
Much appreciated for the read
got some shining to do today
Please
Please
Please
Please
Stop the
So good to see Thank you to and for all their support recently
Please
Please
Please
Please
Feeling insecure in a relationship is a sign of true love don't blame your partner just be happy and hold on tight to them forever
Thank you And same to you brother!
long time fella! hope life is treating you well
thank you! hbd to you again man
Thank you kindly for sharing!
So happy that giants be able to grab Justin Herbert
|| pretty please give me a carlton/riot to fuck her up, thanks
Namaste
Thank you kindly for sharing!
Big thanks for the tweet!
Cpale results tomorrowww
This over a party any day
God is more powerful then any witch!
I really want to see this.. IUsus please hear us!
Thanks Everton! think manage it
Thank you kindly for sharing!
Thank you Josh
Ths is ..
Huge Repect for him nd his parents
gratitude for the and the 2018 soccer season I love watching you boys, I love your
Thank you kindly for sharing!
my mdzs secret santa present is half done I'll have to ask someone to check it tho, as English is not my first
Thank you kindly for sharing!
Thank you kindly for sharing!
Thank you kindly for sharing!
Ahh
Thank you kindly for sharing!
Thank you kindly for sharing!
Our ultimate goals
Stay blessed. Stress is a temporary feeling
you got my pledge already
Thank you kindly for sharing!
. My very own slide from David . Thank you
there for a
. . .
LIKE COMMENT & FOLLOW
So called " vakil " means??? Vo actual me vakil hai... don't disrespect any one capability in thr profession!! Please
I need more people to participate please
Namonnamaha
Trap phone off this weekend already be knowing next weekend torture
I think i prefer the bursts over any gun in the game the 31K/D you know , stream happening soon potentially,
Thank you kindly for sharing!
Actually I shouldn't make light of your predicament. You have my sympathy, though that's probably not
VEM NI MIM SENAI 2019,
Anyone knows someone doing GO's for BTS japan fanmeeting? US or global
MISSING ISLA Female Shepherd From Stafford since 12/10/18 Loved n Missed Have You Seen Isla
Gm everyone Thanking the Lord for Life .Healing and major blessings Amen.
Cowboys nation baby!!! get this dub today and prob take first place in the division
LYS
!
I am looking for a Taiwan BTS - LYS ticket. Give
Father please bless my family today, tomorrow and always Amen feeling thankful at St Bernadette's
No he should us music bands and have them turn around
Because 'healing' is the children's bread. For it is written:
"Give us this day, our daily bread"
It is a good day indeed.
HiYa Mama, Emilie Wolf, up most of the night praying for Charlotte <3 Please share good news
a compelling folk/roots album that also contains traces of blues, rock, and even friends for
Let us pray and vote.
Zaha OMG!
Still ur Day ma joy MY super cute BABY MOSOPEFUNOLUWA FOREVER
SAY IT LOUDER FOR THE PEOPLE IN THE BACK
Very nice car clean good setup exterior
enjoying service at the best church in the world stream & join us
Thank so much
Thank you for choosing me as one of the winners, I really appreciate! Bigger your company I pray
Np :)
Hopefully he will buy something from you
a wrap on another great hosted by blissweddingshows Well organized guys!
Yeah ! Asked as i see many ppl on twitter expect nifty to break 9K soon . Thank you
Wish for you to have answers
What a humble man
This is so awesome - Stop into a local church
Man of honor
Lanjut wa aja mas
Big Respect for umak Dulurkuu
Anyone knows of any jobs going in Chesterfield over Christmas hmu please
this Man
Thanks you bruv
When You Count Your Blessing , Count Em Twice
Blessed to see another day
I send my prayers to you and your family bro
Thanks
Thank you very much God Bless in Jesus name Amen
Thank you bruv
Grim Soul survival needs an update
I am How you doing? Still call me princess? Thank you very much
Yes indeed, God has been kind. Thankyou very much
Amen
thanks
Just one weeks w/ the huge project in life Buddha I for this chance success.
good luck to for the race today
god bless and protect you
Quality over quantity
Red Sox . All The Way. Amen .
Thank you very much
hocam ve
TO FAKT
Good morning!
Hi DJ can you play IDOL by ft Nicki Minaj on please
Gud night sweet dreams frd
No worries, im just joking around
Btw, thanks for sharing
Me please, please, please!!!
Thanks bud! Appreciate you!
Homework flow with my two girls Fortress of Solitude
Its done
In God's grace and time
1. I wont be online tomorrow. Just a heads up
2. Please vote and RT ehehe
Should I retweet some of my old
Right lads, from now on going to be following back all ft retweets appreciated
Pre-Stream!
happy birthday nat FINALLY have a great day b que siga la tomadera
For you ..
I hope you like it
Thank you very much Happy new week for all dear friends
Pls may I win some Vbucks
to for trying to explain the stupid generation of today our history
Took This Pic With With Indisplay FP Sensor On The Day Of Aastmi
okay let's pray
- everything you asked for, you will receive before the year ends.
- the works of your hands
Watch broadcast: Around 30K hearts to Reach 3 Million! Thanks Everyone!
Thank you
That's awesome man! Glad to hear you're doing well
Srm university REBELS
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood, glad you're our neighbors
Happy sabbath
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
May this become true!!!
Always thankful to my creator for his mercy my lovely birthday cake
This is a dopeass project. Much love
appreciated enjoy the gig boays
For the jackpot P49,500,000.00, but ... ... yet ... P48 goes to charity
Can we hit 1k views? ( 900 atm) boy boy boy!
So sorry Mike I saw meds guess I was tired.
Thank you
O lord I need you
of Success with the new album!
up bro RT I swear I
Cried in like a
Years but last night
I swear I cried about
A tears
Dm me pls
kanji -
no better sleep than the last 5 mins before the alarm goes off
No no no! Don't sexy dance please I really hate that
...I'll watch it just for Henry.
I hope they guest Hangeng too
ED will work his magic this January.
Homie appreciated
BEFORE NOV
Now this, stuff like this is goals
You deserve every one of them
Thanks
...talent is truly God given. Niyaaz, Thato and Yanga's performances tonight on Oh my! Thank God
I can use the like this feature right about now. Please bring it back to IOS
NO WORDS
Thank you Antwerp Techno and the crowd
Next chapter -> 17 november
Happy Sunday Asha and All!
man u are great I was one among the against u but now I really feel sorry
Merci
Thanks coach
Recent Pic Of
Pls Thala Take Some Rest
Thank you!! too kind and thee most holy of my followers. Thanks be to on this fantastic sabbath
In this household we love and support pannacotta fugo
Blessings
I still have one full year
che bono
We need PC beta testing too!
Thank you for spinning this one!
Great Prime Minister Of The Nation
Shri Narender Damoder Dass Modi Ji,
I Love Our Prime Minister
Really? Thank you so much eunseoyang and if you have a free time please teach me the move of wjsn new song please
cheers buddy please give us a follow
Plus will put us on 700 followers
Auto start is such a blessing
I'm so sorry to hear this.
Lol okay ama tag you again. Kindly help retweet. Thanks and would be kind enough to follow back?
Ily king! Please listen to his words
Thank god for a kind caring person like you!
Plz follow to support him
Madam you want to use all the perfume alone? Send me 1 nau
When are you running for president?
+ Stones (cont) 4. lmeans to to
well thank you you ? X
Thank God for you
Very good night Bhai
Kl se fir left - right
One of the most difficult to forgive is SELF. Keep that in mind, as well!
Finally I have some new art to post today. If I can stop messing around with the colours at least.
Thanks my boy
This is where my husband and I are passing through during our 2 week honeymoon . Speaking it into existence
You got this
Gotta go to Church .
mock that baby please
halo Shafa! Happy Birthday yaaaa. Maafkeun telat. Semoga yg kamu inginkan tercapai ya. All the best wishes for you
AHSANTENI SANA DIANI UKUNDA BIDIBADU SEE YOU NEXT TIME.. link On My Bio
Dear Israel
Don't mind him please he is just joking.
HOJE AS 19:30
CAMPANHA: EU TENHO UMA COM DEUS E COM MINHA
TODOS CONVIDADOS PRA PARTICIPAR DA FESTA CONOSCO
Peace be upon you
GOD HELP US
Nike Air Jordan 1 Retro High OG Pine Green. Sz 12. 200 shipped. open. Please RT. Thanks
A collab with Halsey for Chaeng's solo album
Chris Harris please
Could easily get diamond subs but it's Sunday so CoD can't be played
This week is too touching ! That respect towards her parents is speechless good work
Thank you so much for your tweet!
Thank ya Lee Wang Yon
Thalaiva
Your always special for Making us happy
Maddy Waiting for the
Fifa 19 wird anders als 18, das sehen wir beim Continental Cup bro
Thank you
Please let's not force McCaffrey between the tackles so much & let's have him come out of the backfield for
Thank You Lord For Another Day Of Life Happy Sunday
Allah kawo foreign currencies. Ameeen
I hope "Beautiful" song will be released soon
Oliver next PURRRleaseeee
I Think About My Future Daily My Plans Are To Be Successful And Live Happily Ever After With The LOML
God will make a way
- Seated for If Beale Street Could Talk, what a way to end my first
I still have to practice the song but trying to make it
Happy Birthday Princess
Peace be upon you
GOD HELP US
May the name of Jesus Christ at all times be praised, adored, and glorified!
Setuju mas, we can't make everybody happy
The gravestone brought tears to my eyes
Hopefully not fake soldiers
DAY of 58 add your wish or comment & the best will be retweeted
Check out this video!
Peace be upon you
GOD HELP US
This is the best era to cash out! miss out
I LOVE YOU THANKS!!!
Yo was a movie last night! Huge shoutout to everyone that came out, hope yall had as much fun as I did
Maybe for u but I really like the swag of Mr Pablo. I like the way you love Shah Rukh Khan
Non-invasive, Wellness Technology Therapy, Straight to Targeting Your Issue
Why you call me, to find
Own conviction is needed
This tweet, "RT _edebiyatcii_: follow everyone who LIKES and RTs this
Please
Only if self-sacrifice is self-denial in Christ.
-reflect & pray Psalm 51:16-17
Check out I think you may be able to refer him to people from your congregation
I want the second lookscreen please
Broke up with my ex 6 months ago and that was the best decision ever made Because so freaking happy
These two need to stop teasing us all! You can catch up again on the latest from our mums tonight at 8pm
Yoga: your own personal good vibes generator. POSA designer accessories for yoga. Link in bio.
_____
Ivan
FUKUSHIMA UPDATE
Dear Father God, please Help Us - Amen
I disagree, we still have thousands of women above age 50 visiting sabrimala, lets not make fun of them
Matlab kuch bhi....sir kabhi to padh Liya karo k kya likhte ho. Just think from a laymen's perspective for once.
96.9MB --- 250PICS - HD Anta
for following us Mr.. Keep pushin and enjoy your Sunday! If you haven't already, you can grab
please, pick me Koh, aku terima, any section
Can smartphones cause ADHD symptioms?
Please
Please
Please
Please
Feeling really good about my lineups this weekend but I do every weekend and still lose.
Sad day for our county; please keep this family and our school community in your prayers
I love so much my wonderful kids , Alessandro and Sarah My happiness I am a blessed and proud mom
Creative design..
Kudos to the designer
be long mate and be back out there with the
Florentina please turn up and win...monchengladbach please hold on to that win
It does not matter how many times you get knocked down, but how many times you get up.
Gorgeous scenery
Hoping your day is happy, my dear friend
just horrible RIP and prayers for his family
God bless this woman
Zoocci Coke Dope - Location
"If they can do it
Then I can do it"
Thank you for this
Can't move off nomore. Losing shit, miscounting shit. for me.
My people in Kaduna, please, stay safe. This too shall pass.
Hmmm.
I have overdosed on Knowledge today... God have mercy upon my soul...
please notice the grinders
Please
Please
Naman aapko
Please
Please
God gives me a blessing everyday
Just one bite please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please Centenary
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please Centenary
Difundan por favor
Ugh, I struggle with this every single day. I'm going to try these hacks and see if it makes a difference.
That's on maaad jam it is kindly retweet
I will follow
Thank you G for yesterday. Sobra kong happy
sorry you have to do this, Georgians. But thank you.
In my opinion, he should of started in the World Cup but his time will come
Eagles game then daredevil season 3
I always loved watching this!!inspiring to this day
sign him to Rare Sound
Welcome
Boss it'll mean a lot to me if you give me a follow back
How well you imitated Akshay Kumar ... how talented you are Bae
we are truly blessed
4K
Thank You My Twitter Followers
GBU ...
Let's grow more
Follow Everyone Who Like n Retweet
Meal for one
Aww thanks my day was good hope you'rs as well! wish ya a happy birthday already maybe better
Thinking of the D.C. fam today
Yes details please
So much of beauty in a single frame is hurting my eyes.
Kya genes hai
gn....
Belgium waffles tho
Dear Can i get Silhouette as a Bday present in Moscow? And great thanks for Hallelujah btw! Man of his word
Happy 21st buddy. Thanks for being my best friend love you dude
bini desperate
DAY of 58 add your wish or comment & the best will be retweeted
Please pray for Spartacus with me...
That is all
going to need the to beat the Eagles
Hoping for a week.
No dejen morir Pied Piper!
Pray for justice . Fighting lang.
It means a lot
Congratulations Darling
When they announcing Prabhas as best actor, ht
Akash bhai Pls help us in trend...
Tag line - WE LOVE SREESHANT
Date - 25th Oct, 7pm
PLS sir we need ur help
Praying for you lovely, sure do brilliantly.
Please let me know
Thank you! Credit to for doing a fabulous job! Hopefully a fan favorite!
Wow this means so much thank you
Thanks
God Bless.
We go again!
C'MON
(46') 0-1
Thank you
Prayers for your strength.
New job , New Car ohhhh add that job my hustle stop PERIOD
Dear friend Pastor So sorry to hear about your daughter.
Sending prayers for you and your family.
Ditto.
Hugs
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MY WORLD so thankful to my creator for this DAY Baby
Send me some of that autoestima
powerful message today, thanks for sharing Pastor Josh D.
Sorry mate
Merci et
Please go to I love Hove Greyhounds site and hit the like button for last weeks winners
Thankyou ate vebe.01 sa walking trip.
time.
Brother
Thank you
Amen Have a blessed Sunday
love bro thank you
Pathway to heaven
.
L A C O S T E
Available in
Send us a DM
Whatsapp +2348099448860
We are happy to Serve
Oh my God
Ur words means me alott
Thnx Avichal
Speedy recovery
PLEASE follow these accounts and take a couple of minutes, even each WEEK, to RT some lost/found pets
Bless us with the mindset to be thankful for all that we have.
. Merci du partage
Thanks for the follow Silver Fox, I will follow you also
I already asked god to forgive me
hoping for good sero content during his match off with class 1B
+ Foundation Last of 5 Yama:
is of
I love this beautiful twins may Allah bless me with beautiful kids like this Amen
You will not succeed IJN
Bhai every FF is equally precipitation thank you.
ADJFKLGHG90(#*)%uy)(#% BASTA I LAB YOU LORDDD!!!!
can you post again all the apps we need for CB?
Show me something then
Bon pour les fans la tombe de aujourd'hui
Next year!
God is real
Lets fix the country pls
Can you do some more of these?
more respect for the woman's and more respect for Liam
Omg can't wait sa results! Goodluck mahprends
Lass lass Everybodi go dey Alright! Motion Picture of Grace! .. boi
WeJsoul
Top of the city..
Looks like "Gotham city"..
So much better!..
B'day boy moves!
Please
Please
Happy Sunday Bless up
Please
Please
Please
Please Lily's Bee in
Please
Please
good luck babie, may all the 4* drop, at least!
Ardham cheskoni
Entha chirak ostundoo
20 nundi champeddam annaru 20,21
Please
Please
thank you lord
Please
Please
please don't hit on we just lost one to a horrible death
Bhai every FF is equally precious thank you.
FOUR STRAIGHT!!!!
The way we spend our time defines who we are. Happy 25th dear self.
Looking to join Please send me an invite. via
Sorry about that, Accept my Condolence.... May her soul keep resting in Peace
Borrowed From Vegan Girl
Whoever sees this post, I hope you have a sec to make a prayer for my grandma coz very sick bless you
Thank you sooo much bhaiya :)
Thanks
I swear
Useless me not belong to anybody.
I feel sorry for everyone around me.
Kinda obsessed with you
Love My Town , But We Gotta Do Better Prayers Up
October 21st is a day to appreciate thankful for this entire year, it showed me that there is so much life left to live
Goodnight all wonderful and loving across the worldHave a beautiful evening God bless
very cool Kenny hope I get to see you race in my neck of the woods next year then !!
Ahh... this is so lovely, thank God for such kind people
Good for her!
Would love to give a copy to one of my friends
Next tournament? Please ask me
Anyway, tysm!
Wish me luck!
L A C O S T E
Available in
Send us a DM
Whatsapp +2348099448860
We are happy to Serve
Oh waw thanks
Thanks for mentioning! Appreciate it a lot
Sorry for late
Wish you a happy birthday sristi
Mucha gracias
Hope we will meet you again in near future.
Thankyou coach, terimakasih pelatih
Aprende a valorar, aprende agradecer...
Amen
L A C O S T E
Available in
Send us a DM
Whatsapp +2348099448860
We are happy to Serve
VOTE IDOL CHAMP ARMY!!!!
NEED OUR UNCONDITIONAL SUPPORT!!
HARRY UP !!
Thoughts and Prayers
Thank you sister T
Wishing you a speedy recovery.
howdy. i'm the sheriff of folded hands
L A C O S T E
Available in
Send us a DM
Whatsapp +2348099448860
We are happy to Serve
oooh noooo.. Addison.
god. well, in other news, I'm gonna be shipping jungle boy orders out this week. please look forward to it
Thanks bruh
Ditto Ann Hugs Have An
Amazing Day
Thank you so much
Pls rt this i beg pls
Hi baby! How are you?. I LOVE YOU SO MUCH and please take care
L A C O S T E
Available in
Send us a DM
Whatsapp +2348099448860
We are happy to Serve
Thank you Henny
Peggy Mustelier about new initiative facilitating support groups for undocumented women
lets pray for those who slept through the storm
I want them..@karanjohar better Give it to me.. please
Please Pope pray for me Mater Salutorum and Mater Misericordiae grazie
Yes yes thank god for fanart. Ngikutin yg walaupun animeny selesai S1, masih bs terhibur dgn fanart
Prayers - another unnecessary loss in the community ... the time for change is way past due!!
RIP David
Hey pls see this love
Good morning, Jesus gang. get this DAILY BREAD
This is sad moment... to Dalbir sing sir... The real hero saved eight people... Praying for victim
Pls rt this
Uncorrupt heart of Padre Pio.
Close to 200 followers shoutouts would be goated rn
The next pm of India Rahul Gandhi...
Please don't re-upload the teaser when you want to tweet sth. QT EXO's post please
Let's make all views go to
Lord just let the Cowboys win today.
AUCTION TIME
Please oh please support our auction.
The much needed funds we generate with these
M A R R I A G E (full vid releasing 10/31/18) starring itsshanteliz & myself ~~ filmed by sblomquist12
you rocked Big Bro The team is
DSSW Deep State Targets Spsce &
Follow RT MG+10 RT
Bengaluru meant for knowledge and job hub of India. Namagantu Anna datha
Vote Dem in the midterms
Well done ....so pleased and happy for you. Scribble this down for next year then!
Thank you Lord for everything. I am trully blessed.
I love you, Cindy happy friendversary
2Novembre
maybe u don't see this but if you see, can u follow me? please I love you so so much
Thanks mate
That was quick.
Adam Thielen.
Sony Michel.
Zach Ertz.
Louder for those in the back mate
.@CrouchEndPH For your November schedule...
Church was something else today.
Watching Anna
Anna!
Siga todos que Fav e esse tweet
please , kea le kopa tuu
Addison please get up
!!! Thank you
Images after entered the consulate.
Lets go
Cemex
at Fairmont Hotel, Makati City
Adam Thielen is my gem
Happy Birthday to Charisma Leader B.I
Wish u and iKON all the best
Thanks for 5 years ago when i know u
What A Special Night
41-10 // Check Out/ RT My Highlights
Season 1
Season 2 was very good, too, though.
Hopefully there yet will be a season 4, and as great as those 2
Day 19
The emblem of the family who welcomed us to Tokyo
Ahhhhh was eine nice preview!!!
The Hindus are patient, silent and peaceful, do not push us.#SwamiSharanam
With your patience and understanding that creating music takes time You can definitely expect that all in
Have completed 14 out of 18 Shaktipeethas & 9 out of 12 Jyothitrlings.
VaishnoDevi and all
No such thing as luck. Only hard work and blessings
Forever young. So Pretty i hope before end of this year my announcement ka na about your drama please juseyo
Get well brother We got you
Watching her now! ..what a will . we are with you
Staying devout in my journey
This dog needs to be beaten for his atrocity on our ram Bhakti Hanuman
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
KRO
YEAH i had to replace my boy and word... i cant knit so i am grateful laura made the scarves
STRONG POWER THANK YOU
If you are born Patwari that's not your mistake,
But if you die Patwari that's your mistake
Thank you so much Mr Hedrick
You people should leave me and my hanging belly please
Kindly follow back sir
Thks anna clarify chesavu
least we still top 10 we just gotta win out and will be fine
Meg....
Keep working on it, I can't wait to see the final product
Thank u for ur love to K
Jai shri Ram doston
This is too gory. God heal our land
Love Cocoa Beach Cocoa Beach, Florida
awesome Terryn!! Congratulations!
October 21st reading for Jesus Calling
Awesome mate!!
go
Pas d cek ternyta udh mutualan wish me luck
Nothing MISSING
Nothing BROKEN
& Nothing Scattered
Lmaoo nah fr I hope you get home safe , praying for you
Lol I swear. Thank you so much wait for it to be your turn
Congratulations Champion....
140
haha Uncle Sam Thank you
I'm glad minister for human rights is taking notice of this horrendous crime. Thankyou madam jee.
don't hate..ignorreee then
Merci
And possibly put dropshot and fix the junpshot (when shooting and jump my bullets go in the sky so I die) in close distances
I pray Lord gives me beautiful babies
I absolutely 100% agree with
Me too! Thanks
That touched home man .... R.I.H Armon. heart heart
Please
Please
Please
Please
Thanks so much
Glad you enjoyed it
just a sinner that was saved by Gods Grace
Amen
Quelle
Welcome sir
I still believe you two are getting married baby! Well done you
Ezenmo ur otinkpu son. Follow me so we can have a better communication maka our ministry ooo. Thanks
Supreme court for Individuals Referendums for Masses .
I can't breath.......ijebu
...Follow for more
Akwa Ibom State
Big S/O to God! Without you nun of this would be happening MawMaw I love you rest peacefully, thank you for being by my side
the best
God will protect you insha Allah
Yes@lukgoss you got a fantastic bro love u both ps Luke thank you gofomy book I love it xxxxxSending
Yup definitely, sent lunch on me today , god bless
Safety
What is this, another abuse of power, perhaps??? Ugh. I wish justice in the eastlight's side
si ich
Claim your win
My link is in the bio the link is in my instastory and
Locks for today
Pats -2
Vikings -3.5
Saints +3
Don't let fear create ideas and make a home in you because mind boggling thoughts can create powers that will control your actions
"Mornings are better when you talk to first."
.@IFCCenter .@TimeOutNewYork For your November schedule
Two points!
Mark 12:31
masternim blessing us with all those bam pics thank you
There we go!
Happy Birthday ole
Thank you, God bless everyone
Your welcome
AoS second to Arrow
Safety
Just how good are these two together?!
lNDIA Cruise to an Wicket Win in Guwahati, Chasing
I'm sorry for your loss. My prayers are with your family.
Alberto & Kat / Simon & Clary
Punish him
Jai shree Ram
Jai
wish me luck
peace of mind pleaseeee!!!
The End Time Intercessory Ministries
Happy Sunday family
Stay blessed this new week will favor us all in Jesus name.. AMEN
I thought I have seen it all on this app. Father you're here, have your way. I wash my face with the blood of Jesus.
Thank you for reading my bio.
hoodies at your pop up store hope we can buy it online too
TAIJI is my god of bass and eternal phoenix Forever TAIJI
Thank ya
lighting up my timeline
Wake Me Up
Are you into cow shit ?
are my peace dayIt comes naturally
Blessings on blessings on blessings!
sodmgradio (get_repost)
Street Blessings and more street
Baking a chocolate cake, cooking a Sunday dinner while catching up on Strictly is honestly a form of mindfulness
Church was good today glad I was able to attend service
I hope it's an old pic and that the bang is not back
:) thanks
Great defense and forget about Colquitt! taking the Bucs to Safety Town!
Yarab
Manifest
Bless'm
Thank you Jesus For Caring Friends
Follow RT MG+10
God you are forever gracious and I love you
Life is always better with friends - to new and our fantastic RTers
get the safety!
Praise God...and yes...He's ALWAYS there! Blessings Kyle!
Amen
The continue to show us something new each week.
Tribe up on the Rays 2-0
Ji
Shubratri
Thank you Jesus For Caring Friends
Follow RT MG+10
Do the safety dance
23 Oct, 3:30 p.m.
Pls come faster i wanna free my mind from all these stressful things
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Dear poker gods main event !! 87k up top!!! Day2
Let's Go!
Please
Please
I think sardarji is celebrating navarathri
Please
Please
ty EMi!
May I be humbled, accepting, and at peace with my place in the cosmos
Thank you Jesus For Caring Friends
Follow RT MG+10
Come learn the beautiful art of Reiki in just one day! -
Baba sign new contract and put our minds to rest..
Wish you all the best in your future endeavors
10,000 total views on twitch! Thanks guys
You will one day
AMEN
It's been a year now since my passed away.. .. .. .. missing him and praying for him always
Thank you for correcting my name otherwise aj to prasaad bat hi jaata India ki jeetne ki khushi me
RIP Rick Violette My condolence to the Violette Family. For sure a Great Guy.
Thank you for including Great list!Running Documentaries That Will Inspire You
Our Team
ATTAKASAM AJITH GROUPS - KULLANCHAVADI
Follow and Support
Cant wait for Boruto Chapter 28 to finally be animated
Id say it will probably be by the same time next year
for Lucy and at this morning. Greenbush Reformed Church
follow me for more real tweets
thanks
My link is in the bio the link is in my instastory and highlights
DEAR GOD THANK YOU
Thank you so much It was great fun to knit
Ohhh nooo good luck
Guys I hope enjoy this like and share guys
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Psalms 37:4
P O L O R A L P H
Available in
Send us a DM
Whatsapp +2348099448860
We are happy to Serve
Thanks for your follow back guys
We don't need your love for Jennie if you don't like her. Just at least, please please respect her.
Right back at you.
with repostlyapp Do what makes your soul shine- and do a lot of it
WAKEUP TEXAS Vote CRUZ
From:
Thanks Mr. Woods for your support. I wish there were more like you.
Sending love and light from Aztec, New Mexico
Mind your language yrr aese sab badnam hote hai please yrr Sahi language use kro
My link is in the bio the link is in my instastory and highlights
Ah, I fell asleep and missed Biohazard 4! I will watch next time.
Cpt.Parker. Great Reply
Have A Great Sunday
You guys were awesome! Thanks for cheering us on
Awwww so happy Omar you and Melissa God bless you sending love just so great seeing you both
Please
Please
Please
Please
Thank you
Sad.We pray for them and the families to have peace and the strength to handle this painful
Rock Roll
Glorious to you all
I am so sorry - will keep
Managing to get into every game so far in the tourney! Anyone still struggling or is it all fixed now? Thanks
will we get thirteen in legacy soon?
congrats Anna
Maybe Lady Gaga bcz Met Gala is happening.
I think after the Modi jacket, this cap will do wonders to the attire ji
Glad to hear after so long that is sleeping on time today
Thank you God for another day. Good morning, praying that week is filled with blessings & happiness.
Watch broadcast: Around 30K hearts to Reach 3 Million! Thanks Everyone!
I wish your son all the best..
Sorry dear late wishing
Tag your friends
Please follow for latest, funniest and sarcastic memes and trends.. .
Soul Calibur 6 looks really good, Hope it wont die too quickly so I can maybe pick it up on sale
Amen You have such a beautiful personality. I think u r so amazing. Always did love your wisdom
Don't hate me I am already on strike since last 45 days for release of past 4 months salaries.
The Way God Will Bless Us,Too Much Money . OMG I WANT THIS MONEY . Amen
Hi there and yes
SORRIA MESMO QUE OS OUTROS QUEREM! O SORRISO ALIMENTA A ALMA E O
Awwww dear
Thank you so much
For u
Devin Booker takes his jersey off his back and signs it for a Suns fan on the road.
big fan of your work
Thank you!
aw yeah!
Sir, Kindly step up our twitter team
Please kindly post something about yourself on twitter
Nice to see Honourable ji alone on stage without his media and legal adviser
"For where your treasure is there your heart will be also" [Luke12:34] - Happy Sunday and
please take english tuition from required
Et surtout Toi & the Willem's Band
TKS.. my first Larv iv
Thanks to all the fans
Time will tell. His supporters care what he does wrong. that everyone else
And Becomes the Fastest To Hit 60* International Tons (386* Innings)
He Broke Sir's
Celebration By
Pure Mass Craze Of Thalapathy
Can't Wait For the
Please
Looked good with the armband yesterday...
3rd choice.... Not for long
Thank you for this *beautiful* song, and indeed, gesture.
I look at my life and thank God sincerely for all my Blessings literally I Am so blessed at Peace no worries no stress
Yummy can I get a piece of cake?
Thank you
Amin
I was going to say good luck but I think strong GOD BLESS AND PRAYERS will work much better! GOD BLESS and
Im on 10/26 I pray I see van in front of my house with balloons and a check!
I pray the Lord protect the path goin
Doing our little bit for Kirby Stephen team. Thank you for all you guys do
Thank you for the support
What a sweet and wonderful fella!!!
have to come here for the real tour!!
RT
This is only acoustic but just imagine how powerful Youth would be with drums and the whole band in the background
Estoy creandolo, gracias
Small body loads of baggage
Welcome wish your hardworking team a great success in your upcoming movie
I Swear This Time I Mean It - Mayday Parade// sleep well po, please
Thanks for having me at dinner guys I hope we will meet again oneday Late Post..
Feedback taken on board! Glad you enjoyed the update
I always pray for you. You're always welcome to my home.
The cashier got me with those 9 cents for the froster
Please. Thank you
all stunning! squad goals
Thank you for your music
Not all heros west capes
Make new friends
I only know a few people here. We've got each other's back though
Sunday thoughts
when god put me on this earth it was to deliver people from this evil demon begone
Goodnight, hoping for a good news tomorrow
Wml
If my God send you..... know, God protects all of his children from any hurt, harm or danger
Shoutout to all the top notch fliers and workers who got and I on this plane
My heart aches for you and your family.
Yeeees! I watched it like the nth time already! Please release your dance practice video
from worldstar - says talk about it be about johngabbana worldstar
It is absolutely hearbreaking to watch. And more rains are coming. Be safe everyone!
Respect rek!
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please How to
VOTING RED,
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please How to
God bless Taiwan
Thank you!
Send `Project Management Best Practices`
Friends like you though not drinking though so you can get it for me in about 2 weeks
I'm sorry for being so inactive lately. With my free time being limited, I'm struggling to juggle all my
please add to the streaming service
Time to atone for my week of debauchery St Paul's Episcopal Cathedral
reunited with this people
Godbless reject boys and queen
We all do. Always hoping for the right thing.
V v sad to see this.. I hope the lady abused by this obnoxious man is ok.. sending her my total respect.
Thank you
love you brother
After all d sweat n hard work.
no-go snub u I swear
Another Hat-trick
Saturday Shenanigans Worked a booth at Fall Festival donate pumpkins and made scarecrows and supported
brilliant - thanks
from worldstar - says talk about it be about johngabbana worldstar
Kahit ganitong scores lang po ulit bukas Lord
Alberto & Kat / Simon & Clary
Over 200k in 48 hours ! Thank you Kindly Retweet,watch and share so we hit 1 million views in a week
Thanks, Ananth!
I you are having a bless Sunday!
Here's a great new page to share your testimony or be encouraged by
DAY of 58 add your wish or comment & the best will be retweeted
Quaresma girsin
Thanks Sir
Trying to stay positive here
Please sana maipasa ko MAS. I know it's a bit impossible but through You there's non such thing. Please Lord.
Pati na din P1 and P2.
Ugh. Sending positive thoughts your way.
Yass!
2 Days from recovery... Quiet weekend was "HARD" Tuesday i'm back on it. Good luck drive tomorrow fella.
same
so much this
same
Done!! wish me luck, but never Pick me
Thank you so much for your overwhelming support
We hope to see you on your next visit
Merci
Quiero un boleto
I will thank you x
Thank you for your help! Bought the fundraise pass (and some other stuffs XD)
Ahh, cant wait
check dis out
Thank you for all the support you are the sweetest
(or: was worshipped by )
So the worshipped the as a god.
Yes please! Soon!
Happy birthday Laura! Trust you are having a great day!
More Life!
and WE do have the greatest president
Oh dear! God help us
Proud to be a ambassador starting from now !
Everything was killing me but I am alive
Safety in Tampa Bay!
(via
You bring so much beauty to day. We are honoured to know
condolences brother. May his Soul rest in
Thanks a lot for the massive airtime won prize, I'd appreciate
I should know... Lol 5"10 wit a soul of 6"4
i hope they get to rest a bit before the show but i have a feeling they're coming to sbs gayo......i hope
Great to have you in the fold. Thank you for your support
We preparing something special for you with
Doing work here
Family BBQ time
I added a video to a playlist live from Amritsar ki banu duniya da
make it to church so I brought church to me I thank god for everything even the losses
O bugger Cheers though ash. Super humbled
I watched it!! Thank youu
My sincere request , please mention about donations for Srikakulam we are with them.
Thank you
Please. Thank you
Good you doing a great job ,keep up the good work you
Just my wish for now
India will hit back with 'double the force' if sovereignty challenged: PM . Jai Hind jai Jai ho ModiJi
Thank you
you are correct in saying
are spending 10s of millions on
Thank U
So I did a short video for my trending jam. Song for every hustler kindly RT
Ooit op een dag doe ik het terug volledig!
A special thanks to for this beautiful
[Pls RT]
Love Lies
Link :
Love Lies : 10
Missed these when they were posted last week! Great pics . Many thanks for sharing
i most definitely needed this
R.I.P Brown Side Toker
Must watch this video once why Modiji hoisted Bhartiya flag today at Lalkila , Delhi
My other hustle should come through
This lil one randomly calls and say daddy pray we best buddies
Always Amy!! Tell Roy next game please
Woke up feeling great time to cook
Congratulations India for victory over WI
Record inning by Rohit the Hitman
Most 150+ more than Sachin Tendulkar
with repostlyapp Do what makes your soul shine- and do a lot of it
- Linda
Kid Fonque - Bossa Over ? (@BillowJazz Remix)
nine percent, our boys, we demand a family photo
Maybe u don't see this but if you see, can u follow me? please I love you so so much
Happy Confirmation, Tracey
Much love
My day God, You must know all my hopes, very grateful, thank You God for everything
LORD LET US PRAY AMEN
Missed these when they were posted last week! Great pics . Many thanks for sharing
When God and Jesus are in the same room
Scientist is still claiming the same...
Actors so men played women. They spent years learning feminine gestures and mannerisms. So a woman
May Allah bless her and send her to heaven praying for her all the way
Can we please get a way to capture a screenshot of our avatar
They are so epic! We need a better way to share them
Thank You God. Thank You family for all your love and support. Great News still on the way.
Thank you would love it when they see it.
Proud to announce I eaten at Jack In The Box in over a year.
Por favor
Traiganla a AGUASCALIENTES
Reading tweets about Kaduna, God please protect every soul in that region. Amin
Please
Please
Everything's is a good choice
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please Ken's
Please
Please
Please
Please
what u r Looking for comes, when u r not looking at
Thanks a
Praying for ate Danica Lord please
Please go to the Qatar
welcome
Are we getting a fic update today? YEEES im about to post it
Don Allah - stay safe bros. KD.
Pranam avam Charan Sparsh Gurudev
Get well soon Tyler Our prayers are with you
Alright. Thank you so much
Sending prayers up for Khayelitsha
Yea!! My daughter and Son-in-law lives in Florida along with my Grandson! Praying for Florida
Good morning
Rip JuiceTheGod
Internets still unreliable so gonna have to pick up this weekends worth of streams Thursday and Friday!
Anything between qualifies
Hehehehe pardon hein .
Cest pas parce que jen parle que je fume hein
So kind. TY!
THANK YOU
Blessings to you too Diane
Take mourinho back
Alanon
get well soon. That's very unfortunate... Wishing you a quick and healthy recovery man. Our prayers are with you
DAY of 58 add your wish or comment & the best will be retweeted
U R all wonderful people TYVM
Congrats Just Beautiful
Wishing you the best
Where please
Please sprinkle of your divine power upon me. Teach me young master on the arts of good nigga-ism
Messi
Good morning Hope everybody is able to get up and get some Jesus today cus gon b worth it
may the Grace of God be with you all the way! And thank you for the showmanship and amazing races
Any Super Show anywhere of the Arab countries Label SJ, Super Junior, SM Entertainment
May Lord Ayyappa light the path ahead
Time stamps are what makes your guides so good
Our pastor is in a jersey and opened service with, them Amen.
It's game day, but it's also God day. Make time for both
Good luck Kara Sevda in Spain
Pranam avam Charan Sparsh Gurudev
Thank you, my dear friend.
Love, smiles and blessings to you and yours
King Sark the goat
Thank you so much.
Don't forget to invite me bhai shadi huyi to reception mein.. Nhi huyi to daru party mein .
Congratulations girl! Happy for you that baby & you are okay
Merciful GOD i dey Loyal and Grateful
Home feels good, after a very rough month yesus. God is good, im forever greatful.
STOP TRUSTING THESE INTERVIEW NIGGAS THEY TRYNA TAKE HIS LIFE CUZ THIS INTERVIEW I FOR YALL STOP
Goodnight
Hey Mack, can you please knock Brady on his ass a few times today?
We wish you a pleasant shopping at the mall
Sunday afternoon with people who matter
Ye cutie humein wapas kardo
Bring Nehha Back. PLEASE You've left us
Guys got something to confess. I identify as a Pain Au Chocolat and Doyen the Baguette is my Crush. Get him to notice this
Come to izmir also please
100% need another job
Saint Starboy
Hope you discussed the substitutions.
You'll always be my "kuya" kuya der. thank you.
Thank you for your support brother
Indeed
Despite the frustration, that's clean sheets in games
Something to build on
God bless this guy! Been through so much already. Prayers
Shotgun
I appreciate you taking the time to work with me on that AND I am very Carl would not allow
For sure until then ima keep going to the bars by myself
Thank you for your follow. Enjoy the rest of your weekend.
we go make am pass,we are targeting 5mill ....how much be your too much likes
collab soon to this cute girl pretty please!
Amazon Night with You Guys thanks To You
Practice being thankful for what you have everyday. It will change your thoughts in every single way
Done
Amen.
welcome
Very very happiest birthday
|| ||
Probably the best tweet on this shorting the current bottom topic this year. Could not agree more with this one!
Lacazette plisss
I just pray D rose stays healthy for the rest of his career
Sudden Samba- Neil Larsen On The Formula. for George Power RIP
ASSALAMUALAIKUM WARAMUTULAHI WBT
I WANT TO ASK IF YOU HAVE ANY OLD MONEY FOR SALE I BUY THEM IN A
Thank you God Always
wonderful. Continued prayers for MK and family.
Maybe for a single life. Trust and respect are key in a relationship. Easy to lose them. Stay true.
Thank you , great to have met
Thank you
Thank you
Peace so thankful that I wake
thank you guys
Met la S900 Rocket
was amazing to be apart of this! i appreciate you
Thank you very much
Pro Ayyundi iddaru VP lanu follow avvadam saripoyndi
If you beat Maxine Waters, you will become an American Hero. Not only in CA but all of us in USA praying
Another groupbuy from Gang always eating good!
You killed the tempo, I was expecting a war.
Khaair koi baat nahe...
Long distance relationships are like trying to fulfil your hunger by looking at pictures of food. True or False? RT
I am alive.
I am here.
I am trying.
That is enough.
thank you for this shoot though oml
There is no where to hide for those who were in the dark.
father , i see what you do for other kids
wow so sexy and beautiful woman have a pretty Day.
Alhamdulillah for absolutely everything.
When you cough on a plane cover your mouth please. thanks
Please sign a new deal the trophies you deserve will come
Great day yesterday thanks for the support and to everyone who came out
Proud to be a part of the wonderful team.
We do our utmost to help our clients
Thanks Ate Phel! Will do.
Hahahha depende sa timing ni Lord syempre sana sooner rather than
It's time to play the moment! 6PM 9PM & on Sounds
Top 2nd trends baby worldwide Congratulation Deepika love you sooo much!!! November hurry the fuck up
Nice way of "consuming" the context which is now available in other life cycle methods too
Please
Please
Please
Please
Excited for my 1st game at Came from Pennsylvania I need to get my hands on a Faithful
Lord I pray WINS
Please
Please
)
Please
Please
may we NEVER forget
Be healed in the name of Jesus Christ, it's finished, done completely
May the lord watch over his soul.
Woosa Dell woosa calm down dell calm down
Amin
just found the digital stock option and its a lifesaver love you dad
Please
Please
Please
Please
Thoppasi gaadi speech lu bagunayi aney public madhya brathukuthunam, vidhi vypareethyam
My very first and by 737-800
Best of luck .
Are You Remember The Mersal Times?. Can I Reveal it?.
Just Shut & Make Your Star Proud
All they want for their birthday is the have a home to live without to November 5
Please take care of yourself
Thank you for your like and livestream! This is kind of pride.
Thank you !
keep update please.
Lets thank Ishvar
How bald is he. I need a picture.
wait to see tonight
Heartbreaking, Sir. Can only pray to Him.
Thank you
Already in 9th December
His Name is Rohit
Today He faced Three Free-Hit
Couldn't convert them to Super-Hit.
But Makes the Match
The smoothest stance and unreal talent in baseball history
That moment must feel awesome
you just the hottest thing seen in ages Thanks
izin save yah mas
Faith can move Mountains
Yoga in the jungle! Next, Yoga in Morocco
Next two retreat dates..
23-25th Nov - Suffolk retreat (one space
Always be thankful for everything never know what will happen in the split of a second
This invasion is terrifying! I pray it backfires on the dems.
The wavy God@talaat_yarky you blessed
Quite a hard day in the mountains today but any day up there is a bliss
Very Excited To Receive invite Extremely Grateful & Look Forward To Such An Great Opportunity
great place, with nice stuff and atmosphere and delicious Georgian food highly recommended
4993013961
Eco bank
God bless you more abundantly as you bless me
More grace
Valuable, Submitted, Grateful.
I really really hope
ho
Even this is my 1st jodi which I ship so muchh
uber drivers who dont speak to me get tipped
Every night I might not pray but I know God gon' keep me safe
AYUDA.Necesitamos por favor
15RT para entrar RT SE AGRADECE
thanks
One more chance that I'm giving Him
Appreciate even though you not talking about me, taking claims
Been planning since so long ago i hope come out well & asap ~
Bravo! God bless you!
yng Morgan Freeman with the voiceover
Manchidi
Ufalakee...
Raees Yameen Hinithunvefa Hunna Manzaru Fenun!!
We Need You Sir
Wouldn't mind these bad boys dave .. being a ginger and been tortured all my life ... one but of luck surley
Teachers should be the highest paid professionals in every civilised society
Come on Lewis! Is today the day?
This is really sad can't we all live in peace; Muslim or christian but as 1 Nigeria.. Stop the Killings
Kaur I never saw any person like u even in my real regular life
Kisi or he miiti ki bani hain aap
plz sir train no. 12488,15909,12506,15708 in sabhi train ka stoppage Maheshkhunt me dizye. Plz sir
Ayye thank you for saying that It always takes me a while to get it right
Message of the day Joy Church Eugene
Only got a few words down this weekend. ;)
Thanks a lot
Hopes You Had A Great Day Gauti & You Enjoy Your Precious Time
Good Night
It's
Thanks all who came out last night. mismiths for being awesome.
Have a blessed Sunday
FUCK YES. Dont stop please
Yesss God is waiting on you Domo
You know it happens every year . Stay focused
oomfies, if you see an EU GO for Rocket Girls EP please hit me up!!
Tweeting everyday until she likes/retweets
Day 17 : how is she THIS beautiful without even trying
Thank You
You are welcome
Obviously.. India always.
Make I follow you like the Most High
Thank you so much for your overwhelming support
We hope to see you on your next visit
Fundamental Principle of Probability (FPP)
Yeah that translate
And thank you so muchh
India need more people like him! Salute to his respect
That's a beautiful picture
PLEASE RT VOTE for & NK in the thankyou!
Down goes Cam!!
& Thts On My Dead Granny Soul
Last week ye thagginchinte pandaga time lo plus ayedhi...
Melhoras
Thanks allot ma'am God bless you abundantly
oomfies, if any of you see an EU GO for Rocket Girls' EP please, please, hit me up!!
Unfollowing ALL followers so RT if active
aufjedenfall
GOOD LUCK
BRING THAT 5TH WORLD TITLE HOME TODAY CHAMPION
I believe
Thanks bro! Hope doing well
And I greatly appreciate that two of my favorites came together for this excellent episode: you and
It is the things we fight for are what give meaning to who we are, what we care about and how we care
We fight
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
hope meet the good one too
Love you
Real shit lol shit gone fly by big bro. Future lookin bright love yo ass and appreciate you for it all
It hurts from just watching. Please, be safe Samuel
The rains are down and we still have people to get to...
Yesss ! Merci vous
Roberts taking the load for Maye and Skrone today
We Just Been In The Cut Really Workin An Perfecting The Craft Keep Da Vibes Alive Keep Dat Support Goin Up
He's a braveheart
Get well soon man, nobody deserves to be injured like that All prayers with u
i really need tool, i mean tools.... i wanna it lordddd!
RIP the young god
still But there is hope I practice forgiveness and I remember quickly in my head three
I have mad appreciation for old folks and country life.. they carry on traditions
Wait on it. got me feeling Bossy already. the lyrics took me to a whole
Bless him abundantly
Only got a few words down this weekend. ;)
Por favor!
Bihari is not a wanderer, A Bihari is a warrior
sun Enjoy it while you can. Clouds and rain chances back in the forecast tmmrw!
MISSING JRT Female Roxi From Oxford Area since 21/10/18 Have You Seen Little Roxi Please?
Thanks Chris!
Thank you
Yo man all good. Enjoying the weekend
Amen
thanks
OH YES eidolon is a tumblr group and will prolly be opening around december! we don't have a page live yet tho
i need tools, i mean tools...... i wanna make it oh lorrddd!!
Reporten! Uno this phrase will go down in kyungrismaid twitter history
Wow ve got 999 likes one more to 1000:)
thank you all
That would be awesome
Praying for them. I have relatives living in Taiwan too.
Happy birthday bro!
Church was needed....
Alhamdulillahi . Called but the network is crazy. Pele dear and hope you guyz are fine ? Insha Allahu
Unai Emery
Sunday morning breakfast outreach session with our friends. Thanks to everyone who came to help
If
Only got a few words down this weekend. ;)
Can my mother in law be like this
Thanks bro and God bless you
Incredible turnover. But Bears must score on it. TD preferred.
Feeling blessed , it's Sunday
Thank you
Amen
This is so precious I hope he liked it
Please
Please
Please
Please
C'est tellement normal les amis Et
Mackay park moose805 shaunbouch. :surplusskate staybolts
Alhumdulillah
One Who Helps Others Will Richly Rewarded By Allah....
We have achieved 25%
The Case Is
In Jesus' Name We Pray, Amen
And Pray, and Pray, and Pray, and Pray...
Hang in there! let the bad guys win. God Bless you all!
my brudda
Your Looking So Beautiful
Giant slayers don't do things they aren't used to
Him and Her is one of my favourite shows of all
You're a real giver.
Do u know the name of stylist ? And also did he or she use SNS? Tell me please I have no idea sorry
I hate to hear any crisis in kaduna
I have experienced quite much.
Lord please keep everyone safe
Please stay forever, coach
Thanks 2 BJP government!
By declaring 23rd January as national holiday will be the
-
Padharo sa..
Ghani shubhkamnayein!!
May you have a fruitful stay in my hometown.
Looking to join Please send me an invite. via
AYUDA.Necesitamos por favor
10RT SE AGRADECE
Maybe it's 19
Merci infiniment tes mots me touchent
Thank you
I love this photo with the gorgeous He has a beautiful soul and he's an from heaven.
I Can NOT TEll anyone My Problems , People DON'T FEEL ME they don't understand me , I TALK TO THE LORD .
Lol
I don't know you but, I'm SO proud of you!
You keep doing these amazing things, it's so fulfilling to watch
Public utility
Wow!! That's great!! best of luck to him as he continues to lift
ISS get down on your knees and pray
Siga todos que Fav e esse tweet
please , kea le kopa tuu
Thank you very much
ben&ben at telic sa next tito pls
Thankful regardless
After confirmation class you people helped pack our harvest gifts ready for the food bank at St Theodore Ynysddu
Thanks for GA.
And wish me luck
C'mon guys
Amen, no matter what we do, God will always love us.
Please, please Earth, eat me and spit me in Vancouver with & in
"I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me."
(Philippians 4:13)
Jesus Christ Will Take Away All Your Sin If You Give Your Life To Him
God Is Good All The Time And All The Time God Is Good
have a Cardiff date announcement before tickets go on sale Thursday PLEASE!!
It is not all of us that do nice stuff for/to you, that want to see beneath your beautiful.
Dear Aunties, let's be guided
Created by idbarabash more than more than more than Saint Petersburg
Thank you
Wow, Get Well Soon!
Espanyolllllll, 2-0 up now! Nothing silly lads and the treble will land
EL SHOW DE TINI 01/12 NO SOLAS DIFUNDAN
Take me back to Cleveland.
Me too
bon, bon
Needed this
if y'all know any good tuition centre/ teacher that teaches arabic pls let me know
<3
Please for Kaduna
This was supposed to be my day, yeh but tulugan na work na ulit bukas
Ni karhele!! Mara va kokwani ma wu vona ntirhu wa mina Ni themba ku it will all pay off
Heal our land Dear Lord
Please
Please
Please
Please Carters
Please
Please
Please
Please
Enjoy this Japanese music for some time dedicated solely to yourself!
Praying parachute fails
Take care urself
Padre .....
Fb batch
Thank you so much for attaining and Quickly Help by
Thanks dear for coming to all the best next time
You're very well come dear!
Make an for us
Me; when alert never wole
make
Respect
...
Thank you Sensei
Ditto what he said. Please and thank you.
Wetin be dis one again
Beautiful evening my edit photo from superjunior
Merci bien
wml
First I need a girl then I can do this
Won again
Congratulations & Post your Winning
here for it
Thank you
Get Well Soon.
cracked my screen yesterday but s/o to screen protectors
HERKES UNUTSADA M NUR YATSIN
so young
Heaven has a new angel
Prayers for the family and friends!!
Hays :( Lord keep her safe always, and may you place her in a good condition at all times make herself a
Good night too
Thank You in Advance
This dialogue with BGM in Movie...
Watch Here :
Thanks 9K Followers
Help Make 10K Tonight
BY
Retweet fast
Follow all Retweets
YEAAAAHHH!!!!!!!!! THANK GOD!!
Thank you 7lwa awe
What is going on in Kaduna? Stay safe y'all.
Thanks Annie much appreciated
Shoutout Whole fam ate!
Amen
Let mine be the first 5k of 20 people
looking forward to the future! good to be back
We found him! Thank you to everyone who retweeted
Facts!!!! Treat the custodians just like you would want to treat yourself.
sen konuyu biliyosun
May ravan rest in peace
savior of the turtles
Stay healthy for you
Thanks for the mention
se vence hj
'Inertia' on is definately my tune of the year!!!
What a work man
Stole my
The lord has spoken
Amen
Wee bertie is a legend lucky enough to have met him
Good night sister
check dis out
Great morning worship.
Who has a microwave oven (s)he isn't using?
Chargers are 5-2.
Thank you Dr. Lee!!
Just what a guy wants to know
Amen so much knowledge in the WORD of GOD truly he is GOD one who gives to all bless
for following us William. Keep pushin and enjoy your Sunday! If you haven't already, you can
Glad all my family safe in Trinidad praying for all the families affected by these floods
Adorable sweetheart GENESIS,2, to be killed by NYCACC 10/22. Free transport to NE states if you save her
A little late but still thanks a lot for the spin mate
Designer sunglasses, cheap frames, kids frame. You name it I can get it
And we do glasses in less than an
Thanks dada. Love you
Jags man I keep starting yalls defense cuz I have faith in but I afford for to let me down this week tighten up man
Crime against young
Plz watch this video
Thanku Respected & Honourable Mir Babar Ali Loond For Your Time & Love Karachi May Allah
Lord thank you for everything
sorry i mean
the PEAK of my ENTIRE EXISTENCE is lil comparing me to CHER
LOVE this place.
We jst want a repost
Thank-you thirsty twitter hoes for spicing up my timeline on this hungover day
United States of Dravidanadu welcomes you and Gautam Gambhir.
Thanku Respected & Honourable Mir Babar Ali Loond For Your Time & Love Karachi May Allah
A sincere plea !!! A heartfelt prayer
Oh how sad R.I.P
A few bad chapters does not mean your story over
sorry i mean
the PEAK of my ENTIRE EXISTENCE is lil comparing me to CHER
Thank You!
LAY's BACK IN THIS ALBUM
GOD BLESS US
Namaset
Good morning , thank you GOD for another day
Fall Sundays are for football and Jesus
Amin
I will
Bjala mpolaye?! No ways. I will never drink again
U look great
This Whole Thread Is So Sad Some Females Really Deserve To Be Mothers
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
The poor man with millennial entrepreneur
Thanks for business talk Sunday bro _rudysalim
Onye Eze do this for the I know you've gotten to 2000 but miracles do happen still.
Please
Please
I'm so grateful for my parents, I don't know what I'd do without them. Always there no matter what
Thanx for the love dear
I Really Do Appreciate It
God has already healed her
100 chicken nuggets for all 100 of you amazing people!!! Thank you! (100 subscriber
Arre sir
Apprentice nail technician location at snob in Temple Hills, MD, please my next client could be
Rip brain
Top five things on Sunday:
1. Witching hour
2. The hand sign after a safety
3. Yelling fumble
Happy Sunday
Carl is so happy Dani Wadlington (His Daughter) is here
Keep the prayers going up
Eres un amor. Gracias
Thanx
Please watch and retweet my video I just want to help other sufferers
For all your kindness, I hope beauty walks with you for all your days!
i'll be looking forward to it then, thank you! but if they all sell out that's good too
Rest in peace fam please help to close her account.
Condolences to all his family
Awesome!! I have never seen such kind of marching in my lifetime.. Really it's very beautiful BTS should
Please keep this family together they have no hope without even no where to go no one to help but
Avi for
" Eto "
DL:
are apprenticed
Was an Amazing show...Great Job and to all the Winners....
And peace to his people on earth!
Take me to church
Stunning views from an NYC rooftop the other day... St. Cathedral is so
Be heal in the name of Jesus, my sister in Christ
09020486419 Airtel
I, too, could not love this more.
Thinking of you!!!!
It's all scary but I'm sure there will be a way!
Mini Round
$18 x 10 Slots
3 Slots Take Mains
Please Retweet
Love you too be home soon
Could you check out the beat I you chief
They only have one birthday wish to stay save their
Extremely proud of my wife on her first expo she attended. Very successful outcome stay tuned we will be
I wanna cook like this. ONE DAY!
Kaduna is on Fire, dead bodies everywhere... Please, all this bloodshed should stop !.
Indeed. Amen
PLEASE HELP Donate While You Shop...
Enroll today for Community rewards! Help us earn for the temple everytime
When God opens the door for your life to be prosperous nobody is mean nobody can close the door unless God himself does it
get well soon our prayers are with you
Get well soon. I hope you return to health
Say "WHAAAAT" it's SUNDAY already which also means COOKING in OUR HOUSE. Let's see, what
Invest in yourself via
Sir, with you. This is the ordeal every married man has to go through. They just listen!
Please stop smoking bro
Thanx 4 d love
My 30th Birthday!
It was a very good day.
Love him
21.10.18
we trust you
Thank you
for inviting, congrats for new life.
Sony Michel
Holy shit it was so fun to see you
MERCI beaucoup cher Mickael
Bisous
to the parishioner and to tough 12 year old with the bad ankle
Fighting for yours wit your family right there you on! GO MA! tokadok salute
ji we all trust you... Pls intervene in this issue.
oooo, hope you find a good adaptation!!
Thankyou
Every day a true blessing
OVERDOSE x
Peru pls follow your boy ..it will mean a lot sir
Congrats and
So which one or ?
Likewise. Twitter how it ought to be.
is one of my favorite followers. Your knowledge of music and vocals is everything
Sunday prayers
MEU A MELHOR PESSOA DO MUNDO! IH, MELHOR CONSELHEIRO!
VALOR AOS VOSSOS PRFVR
OG at his best
Thank you even if just a few people read it, I hope they know they alone in this crazy world
TODAY IS A GIFT TOMORROW IS A MYSTERY, LOVE THE 1 UR WITH ALWAYZ
Thanks mom that anxiety hits
Thanks a lot
Prayers for
I hope a falls on and breaks his
E pics chusara assalu
Royal pics
REST NOW MY CHILDREN.
Stay healthy!
welcome to the gang
Hillsong Worship is the way to go.
2 grants down. 2 more to go. for some recent inspiration as these glasses are working overtime today.
Get well soon. I hope you will return as soon as healthy
You are welcome
And incredibly proud of you babe had no urge to smoke since using mine
Sana last breakdown ko na to within the month. From now on, positive lang sana, please.
When i get it wrong Jesus says, "relax son i got your back".
Forgot to say great role model
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please Adopting a
Please
Please
Please
Please Adopting a
Please
Please
Please
Please Min. Jim Eubanks
Thanking God for blessings in disguise.
Some tunes at the gym makes the workout so much better
Please
Please
Please
Please Min. Jim Eubanks
ROCKIN OFF__WHITE DONT MEAN THAT ITS BEIGE, I CLEAN UP REAL NICE I DONT GOT A MAID BLESSED TO SEE
Much Mer! Peace & strength to your heart, always!
I want her to perform her older hits like Sometimes and Born To Make You Happy, just for the nostalgia
Selling up to move Any sale is a MASSIVE help with the costs of the
link on Shpock
aghghhhh
Stay safe if you're in Kaduna metropolis cos peace is the beauty of life
Really hope so, Mum and Sis are in transit to KD. Praying for safety
Come on Hamilton you can do this
Tough week ahead. No, wait. It has already started! So help me, God!
Yes please i work Friday nights
God bless Lewis KRO
What a voice !!! , too good a
Too hard to choose
You are
You have blessed us on this day.
Same old shit, just a different day.
With my family and relatives.. .commemorated my father's first death anniversary.
RESPECT The Sacrifice
Haye.. such a nice thought ... I am also waiting for that day eagerly!! Let it come soon pl god
Happy Sunday Bodi.
me fala por favor dm
Can you please translate the comments on this article.
J ai enlever mon tweet pardon encore bonne soiree
Never want to to see a good guy go down despite the team he is on, Sony Michel.
This is how champions celebrate
Love is a contentment towards imperfect people. Love your enemies. Pray for them.
Hope you have a good day sweetie
Je croise les doigts, merci pour le concours !
God bless you brothA..sending &
I love that film, recently purchased it on VHS, very sad indeed to learn of his passing
Ifb
Get well soon bro
In UK London! all the best team and Good luck
Stay safe if you're in Kaduna metropolis for peace is the beauty of life
feed your spirit and stop corrupting your mind
Have a good night
A sister of Christ.
I can relate sister! But keeping clinging to Jesus. His grace is sufficient, especially in this. Praying for you
hey you guys wanna help me get the wishender... please
Many Many congratulations &
So which one or ??
If anyone wants to come over HMU bucs game, tons of food welcome
Thank you
praying that you win! You deserve it
Get away out of my face
Please can I have that account
Tudo que pedi a Deus
Coming to Scotland anytime soon?
- your family is standing by to assist
Amen . welcome
Aaaatodosss
with my
Sorry
Thank God for South Africa
It's a blessing to see Africa host the 2010 world cup I will never forget
The world is yours inherit what belongs to you!!!
God Bless love & prayers from
i loveeeeeee so this photo thank you Richard and John
Hallelujah sing out loud to the king sing his song Amen to the king for his father is
| Castelo | Neuschwanstein Castle .
Including myself in that category of dope music :
should like and RT my artwork, give me a signal boost so I can gain followers and one day begin commissions
Our Instant Payment Video has been watched more than 3,500 times in a single week!! If you haven't
- for 5 straight and carry Manny off the field a champion
Very, very true.
Ifb
And you are as kind as always
I did, thank you xx
Have a snug eve yourself please
Hopefully the Sony injury isn't too bad
AWW MAN Sony Michel LEAVES wit an ankle INJURY it did NOT look good at all
For real wait! one day!
Our mood this is
Make time for a and for
and
On this , sending big love and gratitude to the women who help pave the way for other women
Wish this was real
So happy to be going to church the lord woke me up this morning
Hopefully Kimi can make the start for once and close things up.
This week be Good
Amen
Always! Bless up!
Next stop insegnante
I pray he is okay
Amen
Vote for me Jaron swain please
In all that you Have and all you say and do ,give your Thanks and Praise
Finally, brethren, whatsoever things
Blessed to see another day
So Apropos.
hey father I knew I was half white :')
Arlington, Texas
lyric vid for ft and drops tonight at midnight. If zesa behaves...
Please faith
Lovely to see you and the Mr last night. Also, Tweezer
thank you preezo
Alshon hoopin
Good night thala bloods
Have a great weekdays ahead
Thank you for your answer!!
I will await the online sale with patience
I like your illustrations very much
Listen Good luck Guys. good times
Destiny 11/2 Your destiny is to heal and transform others through selfless service and artistic creativity.
Please
Please
Please
Please Storm Relief
May Allah answer all our prayers Amin
I need to rest. Swiss Alps and Monaco on my mind. Lord, do this for me
Please
Please
Please
Please
Ah dang, Sony. That looked bad.
On process
But we was held concert
No tissues laid out on the keyboard and then close it and
please everyone, spare some time to create and donate sns accounts for btob comeback thank you!
Heartfelt apologies
Finally resolved thanks guys
Welcome & thank you
Wow...thank you Mercedes. you have it from there you go
It sure is.
Keep believing you are already healed and you will be
QUEEN! :) XXXXXXX :) SUNDAY! Victoria Justice :)Take me to church views from an NYC
Thank you brother for agreeing may Allah bless you inshallah!
Aww. That's so sweet! God bless our mothers
I feel it
Change is coming
my straight friend just asked me how to do a proper keyboard smash and i told him forgiVE ME FATHER FOR I HAVE SINNED
Time to make history
Tomara que chova tbm
Vamos torcer
an emotional wreck rn send help asap
Pls me
My pleasure
Thanks so much JGS!
Muito obrigado
Amen
Respected Sir appreciate your congratulatory message. Yesterday Indian Hockey team beat Pakistan
Report please
Purple Heart For Them Souljas
Certainly not NEHRU WAS a nasty thing to happen in Indian history gosh can v just forget his ever existence
OKKKK
any sidechick wearing this will fight your girl when you get caught cheating
QEPD BASTA!!!!
Thank you Julia
The soul curry is cooking up nicely
Report please
You don't have sizeable cakes!! They are HUMONGOUS!! Lmfao I feel like I know who this is thank you
Cheap Minister Ji
olsun Tyler Ennis.
Got this bad boy for $1 at a garage sale and flipped it for $20 money all day baby
Fucked up kids are the products of fucked up family. Please and please think about this before you starting a family.
Completely good health
With me
Breathe, find focus and stillness of Yoga can help you find your balance
Monday 730-845pm The
Tomorrow bagunte chalu
- bigger by
It is not just a song, more of a statement, and a
Report please
Fucked up kids are the products of fucked up family. Please and please think about this before you start a family.
Thank you for adding your voice and RT Louise
Many didnt live to see today so give thanks for be no matter what be
in you, easy to find
Pls send my share oh waiting
Great Klee thanks
gaaru, Today happened to visit run by & impressed by giant LED TV. Meanwhile if
kindly take swift action to prevent this blunder
Tarde boa
god please protect this boy at all cost!
Alhamdulillah
Stay safe brother
So happy is on the top 100 though, she deserves it
God Is Good Yes Sirrrrr
Sorry Ma'am.... God will come through
Ti Sleeping O Ba Jawo Malo Fi Pillow Se Friend || Please Help Share Help And Tag Errone Who Needs To Be Tagged
God bless you & all your endeavors. Till next time!
WE NEED THIS IN HQ
Much love to my family and close friends that support my me next year we're taking off
PLEASE SHARE HELP US GET THIS BABY HOME
My daughter & son in law on their way home with Elka from the
RENATO DULBECC
Available in sizes
Send us a DM
Whatsapp +2348099448860
We are happy to Serve
Now watching
Thank you kindly for sharing!
I see your love in everything I am
Thank you kindly for sharing!
thankyou for the follow sir
Thank you kindly for sharing!
Thank you kindly for sharing!
Thank you kindly for sharing!
Thank you kindly for sharing!
Thank you kindly for sharing!
Thank you kindly for sharing!
Thank you kindly for sharing!
Thank you kindly for sharing!
Thank you kindly for sharing!
for following us MRNOOR. Keep pushin and enjoy your Sunday! If you haven't already, you can grab
Thank you kindly for sharing!
Thank you kindly for sharing!
Thank you kindly for sharing!
Thank you kindly for sharing!
Thank you kindly for sharing!
Thank you kindly for sharing!
TYBG I LOVE U MORE THAN LIFE
et al
Thank you
Your victory will be won in your heart before it is arrives in your hands
Happy Birthday
I miss you bro
Mylord mere dad hain, main attorney hi Hun
Have a safetrip to us
Merci mec
Home cooked meals
Merci !
thanks for the follow guys
spiritual.awakening1
Yes pls, tag someone.
Via thoughtsnlife
George Reddy
' ill be back ... [[.
ISA .. ...silsila we both watch hence I used as reference.. galti ho gayi
Oofff anam offf
Thank You New Podcast Link in Bio A quick Sunday rant saying thanks to all my across
Pray for Sony Michel
Thank you brother God bless
Cheers, mate finally 700
Good morning let's get this bread
Please let Nick O'Leary fall into the end zone with the football in his hands.
Great catch! Thanks for reporting this. looked into it and it will be fixed in build 41. I appreciate your bug reports
Cheers Donna your always welcome
My Kaduna darlings, please stay safe
Thank you .
plus test will be our testimony, and this mess will be our
Still trust the process
Rosa parks is and always will be a legend
Took from nobody and made a huge difference
LOL!
Report please
Leonard is good thank God
Niggas know what they doing when they go down ... like yeah you want this crazy bitch dont you? I. Got. You.
Take me back to this day, please
-
Amen
Can somebody take one for the team and visit the Billboard daily to update all of us thank you
Show some love and RT please. Her customers might be on your TL
are we finally getting a mini movie mv that would link all the theories
Would someone please please let me know when dub will start streaming?! Pretty please!
Good night, Mark. God bless you and your family
Are you ready? The last day of is kicking off with the free dance!
Figure Skating
god please protect this boy from every evils at all cost!
Yes the Slayage was
Real
Taste Of Soul LA Stage
Thank you For Allowing and
Thank you brother
Report please
Calm your mind. Life becomes much easier when you keep your inner peace
Happy Sunday beautiful people!
Thanks
Safe trip brotherlee...
...
Thanks for ur support even Kerala actors are not supporting Sabarimala
I hope the lady security guard okay. and
Love this book and this teacher
You are truly amazing! God Bless you, Tony!
Right, someone into the back of Vettel from the off would be lovely
so hard for me.
Can we get an amen?! with all of the for stuzoclothing and my love for
Kevin De Bruyne Layouts
Made For
Like and RT are appreciated
LIVE! Time to break out of our little predicament
Ty for the retweet! critical the right people in the right place are hired.
for following us A&R. Keep pushin and enjoy your Sunday! If you haven't already, you can grab
Sir iss picture mere Dil ko touch kar kiya hai..Sir Maa.. Maa hi hota hai
Madrid it's time to hire Conte. He's a winner, it's now or never
Pls ub Nehha ko wapis show me bheju
Thanks Ale. For these words
Artists drop your soundcloud links below... wanna peep some good music
Ugh I know so blessed
Namaste Anna . grand opening mast ettu... This time contestants are very interesting and
Cursed franchise
U r welcome
Please
Please
Report please
Entertainment entertainment entertainment
We are very LUCKY to have this actor in our KFI
Thank u so much
Please
Please
Please
Please
Escucho ofertas como Head Coach para la CRL 2 NA o EU, RT / I hear offers for the CRL2, I would appreciate RT
Please
Please
Report please
Please
Please
Please
Please
thanks from all fans for sharing this loverly photo waiting more and more and more
best wishes to
hep
Thank you
If you didn't understand till today then it's hopeless.
Swami sharanam
We are only said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures. -Thornton Wilder
Prayers up for Sony
be more proud of you bro . Seize the opportunity
day everyday
Happy Bday to my dawg We cooking up something major Bless Dream Hollywood
I support you from ITALY God Bless I'm with
yes queen
Not just a year for u am sure
here too, just enjoying my Sunday and hoping my twin brother is okay.
It's always a blessing to have you with us here
Report please
That is awesome
thank you
Life has been amazing! Truly love Dan Marsden and his wife are the real deal
Thanks ankil sheth
Por favor
domingo!
Report please
Merci beaucoup
I really want a episode for Kartik Aaryan in
Glory
Gotta stay happy in times like these brother cant let anything keep ya down to hard bc you'll never be able to get up
Hello ladies.. What's the worst pick up line a guy has ever used for/on you?
Replies only.. Pls RT
En Quepos
Thank u soooo much..
For this repost
Thank you We are Because You Are
Thank you!!
I wait to read it!!!
Thank you
Am definitely gonna provide for the people that bears my first name
Please sign the contract
Report please
because life is suffering
. It was fun. I ran out of time,so there was nothing on the back
Have a Blessed Sunday
please just pay what he wants so we can have some decent WRs and an actual passing game..
get well soon my guy! We need you
We're praying for you Michelle.. Hope you win
Report please
I want to thank God for letting me survive this weekend of drinking shenanigans
Congratulations Ji
Sacred Place Indigenous People Understand true magic of Earths Chakras ULURU Solar Plexushonour or respect
Thank you
So brilliantly done as always Sacha. DD was amazing; amazing. Thank you x
PLEASE I WILL NEVER COMPLAIN AGAIN JUST GIVE ME THIS
on my
I'm e-xcited
Report please
But for real hope he gets well fast
RT AnthonyRochand: semrush_fr anna_kochegura Merci beaucoup
May Allah continue to guide and protect us all
Did threading to stretch this hair lets hope I can sleep without taking them off tonight
On this , sending big love and gratitude to the women who help pave the way for other women
Five minutes in and already is showing how fantastic a writer he is
I do t know why i attract soo many married women. Please help me stay the course.
Wish me luck..
thank you so much bebe you're so generous God bless you
Here are some amazing benefits if mangoes .
Have a blessed day and i love you all .
Please check the
An Autumn Prayer for a season of change
Read my post all about the life lessons Autumn/Fall has for all on
You welcome
from a
Looking forward to brand new week "By God's Grace"
Back in
Praying in agreement for healing and comfort for Miss Loretta!
T O M F O R D
Available for pick
Send us a DM
Whatsapp +2348099448860
We are happy to Serve
On everything
Appreciate you
Sunday Scripture
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
thanks
Maykoun bass, un prompt inchallah
Goodluck boys
a pleasure watching you rejuvenate our run game
Happy Sunday people!
is over-2018
Blessings of my Maa might hv remain ___________bt still she is behind me ever!!!
Lemme do that actually! Thank you
zoracock
Simplon
My KD people pls Stay safe
No to be honest! I really would love it when ppl would just enjoy the show
Can someone buy me some ugg slippers? Size 6 Thanks
Fait il y a plus
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
- Limited
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Thanks my friend
MISSING MEG Female Giant Snauzer Meg From Stokesly since 14/10/18 Have You Seen Meg Please?
Next season, hope for a better season.
Ohh Hollywood heroine coming to Kannada . Great
Please
Please
Please
- Limited
Turn it RED CALIFORNIA
Looking to join Please send me an invite. via
ederim
Thanks Akwa Ibom camp oya go there
For bookings please call me
Bless up ! We love Vee very much thank you for taking
Prayers up
so sorry for your loss, dear Julia RIP Luc prayers
Needed this reminder,thanks Dr valuable
So sorry for you and your loss, may love engulf you at this time, prayers
paji aa bande di post dekho ki, jaldi karo kuch ... if possible
Let me wake up to album info
Aww Thank you so much blue heart made my day with your kind words
Thanks man!
D Hop blessed that man
I'm for real i can send you screen shot again with the current time now.... Abeg help m with just 1k i will appreciate it
Tbh, not a big fan of a lot of mainstream pop artists and rappers among all the rumored collabs, but I
This Country needs more like desperately
Don't yearns for what was never yours.
If ALLAH didn't give it to you , it probably wasn't good for u
ALLAH has
Pls my Kaduna people be safe. God be with you all
in! Thank you
Divine connection
I worked for every accomplishment and succeed every time but the grace of God Looking forward to what's next
RT@ AnthonyRochand: semrush_fr anna_kochegura Merci beaucoup
Hindi movie reviews..
England.
God Bless Him! Prayers going up for his surgery
Thankful my family instilled loyalty in me, and a trait I carry everyday in every relationship I create
was as bad as I expected but... Symbrock was 100% worth it
Now get ready for the monster fuckery spam
hoping from North Carolina that you win
Thank you for this amazing tweet
Thank you
Currently sitting with my redskins brother, been talking sh*t all day about game please win
Thank you
Awwe I got THREE hugs from the hug fairy. Whoever sent these have my whole heart
Im gonna hype my son up like this when he shoots his first deer
So proud of you! every year is a reminder that you blessed! Happy birthday to Sazi
Something something American dream. JUST OUT HERE LIVING MY BEST LIFE God bless
Well done to everyone involved Nearly raised for Paul Sartori
Nandri
Finally getting some from our god. the almighty ugly god fire tho
Good night jii
Sweet dreams
Take care
HEY BABY !! Thank u so much, means so much to me
You been being all studious huh that's dope I admire you taking that on
My Hope he bounces back stronger
Sorry for your request.
News from FB sources.
Thank you my guy! miss you
We can breathe now
Nice
Prayers!
Is this a trimmed beard is see ...... ... Rock the new campaign
A notch is way better
has blessed me with food delivery where I live unlike been waiting for 3 months and still nothing.
Thank you for this info Prophet
Learn To Meditate The Simple Way
Increase Self-Esteem And Self-Confidence
Develop A Deeper Connection
with
Thanks for any kind of support
Thank you
R.A.M.E.N
UP Govt, meri bhagodi biwi ka naam uske karmo ko dehkte huae badal do please
YAN: Go and tell your chorni
Especially - May he be able to win
Follow me, IFB instantly, genuinely
Tweet lo clarity ledhu, irrelevant ga undhenti anipinchochu gaani Neat ga dobbadu babu ni
Kendrickkkk omg yes
One day, I hope our rap line gets to work with him
Just praying David Andrews continues to avoid the injury bug
BEWARE OF THIS CARAVAN!!!
There are many evil people disguised as "needy"!!!!
Getcha some chips
with get_repost
Happy Sunday (RP jstlbby)
Amen! Our God is God.
be with them
Report please
Well said Thank you
ANA
Very Very Happy morning to all of you with have a nice today whatsapp status//durga
Would love some help with a name for me new painting? Any ideas?
Lol she blocked me. Oh well. It is what it is. Wish her growth and enlightenment.
Thanks to my favorite frat for this! Much love
THIS. Thanks.
I hope ur out soon...luv, well wishes & prayers
Wow 1000 tickets now SOLD for Friday!!! Looks like more scenes like this are too come phase two
Intent | nomin
Special - intention |
Link :
Ayy birthday shout out to our own coyote_coco !
Thanks for keepin up guys Been working on some new content
Thank God for me , mum just got home from Abuja admist the kaduna violence
I Love My Family my children and god are my life
Hopefully just a sprain
Familia Liguista Gracias a Dios
itll be okay... soon
Thanku for this amazing platform!!
I love bros gifts
...
And more to come
What a great weekend. Wish it never ended. But that's how it works. Have a productive week, beautiful guys n girls. Night
Thanks for saving my 9th week points
With Xtra guac
Last night was crazier than my 21st birthday thank you everyone I love my friends!
D I O R
We are just a DM away
Whatsapp +2348099448860
We are happy to Serve Lagos,
Insha'Allah I'm gonna make it through
You have a very sharp mind. It's interesting & enlightening to read your messages
* THIS IS THE BIGGEST POLL *
Vote and RT
WHO IS YOUR FAVORITE CONTESTANT Forever ? (2 Days
Amen! Hermano
Please DM me.
Big thanks coach good luck in your new jobs
Thank you all for making us No. 2
good night everyone. wishing you guys have a healthy mental health
SWAMI SHARANAM
Supreme Court must hear the crying of millions of ayyapa devoties.
The leftist kerala gov is
You can do it. Just focus congrats though love
Good night to the lady of my sweet dreams
Sisqo, we love you. Get well soon!
Please peace I like those discussions !!! My opinion is clear !!!
Do one with quotes
7 months without Stephen Hawking RIP
Please
Please
Happy Birthday
May God Bless you and help you achieve all your goals
Please
Please
Please
Please Sam Callahan
grade Shes really minster she likes comes like begging and play good but is a traitor. I felt like being
Please
Please
Please
Please Sam Callahan
Please
Please
Loyalty
Amen
Appreciate you. Only need yellow and blue. Thanks!
Thoughts and positive energy to all of you
Gypsy does not feel 100% yet.
New meds tomorrow.
Come on Lewis! and hoping for good things for too
i see you my brother
Such a nice shot ... Cheers
My beautiful daughter!!!
So proud
with get_repost
Watching Go Go!!
in wit every chain on
Follow If viewing jaydayoungax. *JayDaYoungan Snippets & more .. *
Thank god for catching the bullet
Pats don't let me down today
Date tho badal jaane dethe
ING
If yall don't see anything wrong with this, then alright.
the NBA would b so much better if Durant resign wit the Warriors this summer makes the league fun to
Champion
GOAT
CHAMPION
I'm happy to hear that she is better!
Awh so sweet thank you
hat tip to everybody in Augusta and Portland for supporting Harvest on the Harbor.
get well soon. Our prayers are with you
Untuk surat dari profesinya seperti ini min
You know what it is! Sleep Easy Sean Taylor
Few years?
No ABD thing please
You are welcome right here
We stand with you Jim... Hopefully Trump will not put an MBS move/order on you. Be careful
Yes ! Awaiting to c the Man of unique
Lov u my boy
Please make a S'Awesome Chicken Classic
Tr(eat) your girl right.
13 years ago today my heart shattered Forever grateful for you Andrew Casey
Signed & RT'd May God Bless America
Come On Lewis!!
Unforgivable. Shame on him. Hope karma kicks in.
Hi can I request for IDOL by ft Nicki Minaj on please Thank you!
people - how many of you use ? Contribute to our small segmentation to understand behavior
There's honest people who care for you and GOD WILL SEND YOU MORE TRUE AND HONEST.
Woman to woman respectful talks
Blessed YouTube video is up! Featuring YOU!! You all need to go watch it!! Amazing! because we could not
I should be in this list
So glad bo4 put fortnite in its place
Big ups Biggest edm artist on planet reaching out to fans and caring is what we love you for..
Ok sir.tx
Wooow a disfrutar con todo!!
Lewis debe ganar hoy
Congratulations Beautiful Couple
All The Best.. And Happily Enjoy your
TY What you do looks mighty interesting...please see our new print mag dedicated to everyday
so sorry for your loss ! Saying prayers for you all at this very difficult time !
Amen
Done in Jesus name
God blessed me with friends that turned into family God is so good
~ biggest turn on ~
thE HOLY WORDS OF THE BIBLE AMEN
Find Bo
Thank you Jesus For Caring Friends
Follow RT MG+10
True, dat. Better to have a deadline and a job, rather than no deadline and no job.
Thanks for all your love on the weekend. Have a great evening and be back at it tomorrow. Peace
Fantasy gods I need some help tight now
Bless up
And now I have to go to work. blessed
thanks for the shout! is grand
Good luck to Lewis
Ji!
Deeply disappointed that You visited last week and I couldn't meet you!
Pray for peace of mind and contentment!
Been waiting for this
rt pls
Merci bts i hope you come next year
Bitin 1 week na sem break. Paki 1 month please
Just look at the average
This guy really deserves the respect....
Congrats for
LOUD NOISE
*stares at pomodoro timer with existential dread*
5 minute meditation retreat
alright stop, hammer time I mean back to work
Word
Tr(eat) ya girl right.
Mausi
Thanks sir
I need all the help I can Orange County Fair
great news sir
Thank you, Ms Stunning
Looks so good on her Congrats Sir
I want to go to Mexico to go to the Cristo so bad, it's so beautiful the churches are breathtaking
praying with you sis
Thanks my dude! Great
Everything goes well Bob.
Remember
Lol Steve Jobs!
Lichtjes
You must see
Find Bo
Thank you Jesus For Caring Friends
Follow RT MG+10
I've spent all morning at a pensioners' convention as my mom's +1 (& chauffeur).
My battery is at 25%. Please last till we leave.
New level, New prayer points
Speedy recovery Tyler
No facecam in today's video, just due to some unsynced and corrupted parts of the webcam, but fixed now for next video!
Kindly follow back Sir.
Yes Kimi!! Pleasy get that win.. maybe for the last time
That means a lot to me homie ty!
Thank You Kathy
And at the end all I got left is my pride.
Please if you are in kaduna
Observe the 24hours curfew
Yes!
Ya suban Domingo Smash
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Mujeres
Tora adab or sharm hota to shaid ap ye tweet na krti !! I'm sorry sis koch shrm koch haya beshak
Just got an email calculus semester test has been moved to next Monday instead of tomorrow Bab'God
Any chance coming to the UK soon?
You don't need to explain anything to anyone
I'm crying so hard. They are my everything!
Thank you
Somewhere between Warrior 1 & Warrior 2 is Warrior 1 1/2 Little Core Half Pints Partner Up for
They just be like and keep it movin
bad enough it being able to taste through Twitter but not going to show me?...
Get well soon
Rolou hjjj ! Gradecee !
Yep, Thank U!
Thank you Harriet
I felt the same just say a quick prayer
Because,.. You are the truly
INDIAN* ...Sir ji
Goodnight Sir ji
Ah, I love when ppl believe the hype
Thank you nonetheless
Tamper Justice with mercy
Great..Saute to our Bravados
Jai Hind
in a way better place now.
Im writing English test tomorrow i dont know the past tense of "put" anybody help please
Nice that on the same page too more or less Yes, good luck to all really enjoying
we would love to hear Electricity by Dua Lipa &Mark Ronson and Diplo.Please and thank you
AMEN TO those beautiful souls YOU shine like a4 NEVER giving up w/ that said totally ME at times which
Kindly Retweet
im not the smartest fellow in the world, but I sure can pick smart colleagues
Mtaalamu wa
I just hope my dream to be a hokage comes true (and wish the ost of my journey will be cool as ice, plz)
Send me the link
Garbage time fam. Blessed
I knew your theories are the most closest to the original story why i cherish it so much. Thank you for
Thank you for your kind words
Happy birthday po! Hope to meet you soon God bless
Thank you, Swami Sharanam
GOD HELP NOOOOO WAY
Wish me luck
Anticipate brah!!
Soonest..
Wow.
Come to London please
Stream schedule for the week of 10/21.
Thanks for supporting the , the
for your leadership at
when r u gonna book ?
Cuzzo just drop another banger !!!!!
Backstreet Boys at the gym
Another Day.
double my tithes when I win.
My goal is 109k followers please
Blessing to be a Redbird!
Thank you Henry
Ohhhhh she caught her blessing today and so did Kenny
Having Mondays off now is the most amazing feeling on Sundays
day out and about!! c.elina.h & levangrimes Thank you for lovely afternoon and sorry for crashing it
Thank you. So sorry for your loss.
Thank the LORD that the two running backs on my bench are going off!!! THANK YOU JESUS ughhhh
Everyday i pray sincerely from heart who are you to judge me . God is my strength always
How can Matthew be so inspiring and I really thank you for everything you
I'm proud of you guys
Get out and vote on Nov 6th JOBS NOT MOBS via
may our sleepless nights lead to passing grades
Thanks Jen. The timing to participate in this project was just right.
I was gone block u but glad I lol angel in disguise
Halo Yejin! Eeeh are you a Unnie? Mianee I don't know
That's awesome been following Chris since college and got to see him in Houston this summer and it was awesome
(@ Chiquilin Beach in Dom Pedrito, Rio Grande do Sul)
Here ya go Ben hope ya feel better
Truly hope they'll implement the NBA hair physics for the next game
Finally someone acknowledging applause and perfect illusion, amen my list is exactly the same
Ehh, as I mentioned earlier, the sales of the book aren't in my hands. Please check your invoice and what it
wishing you a speedy recovery!!
atalayhande
Thank you for the kind words & thorough comparison w/ OG!
slowed down,
U amaze Everytime - i am thankful to you
Helloooo!!!! I'm Melissa and I'm from the USA thank you for this GA!!! I hope I
Oh !! what a knowledge sharing
Amen and Amen in Jesus name Amen God bless you
I want a Brazilian buttlift so bad but not tryna change my body permanently either so keep squatting and praying
Amin
No, thank YOU solider
Amigos
It's been God all through... God's plan
My love... You can do this!
Thank you for sharing!
Thank you for my daily bread
Sorry for your loss
Please sir be nice to me give me a chance to perform in your show
"Don't be afraid...I'm with you."
Hey, hello. Welcome
Please
Please
Oh really ?! Sorry, i didn't notice it Thanks
Please
Please
Please
Please
You are welcome
Please
Please
Please
Please
sir/mam can u give any contact of ssp ut chandigarh
My boy about to go crazzyyyyyy this season
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Force
These are so kind thank you in such a happier place, will be putting some of that good wisdom to the test on the beach AM
And great job by Kimi not to be tempted into body slamming Hamilton for the lead into turn 1.
Awe ! This is great. Robbin would love it. One day I shaw pass through this rainbow tunnel
I LOVE YOU
(& that's cute)
I had a great ADE Festival - Amsterdam meeting wonderful and inspiring I want to share me gratitude
"The opposite of complexity is not simplicity, reductionism."
well.
now.
that's my kind of thinking.
Those that died in Kaduna will still vote bet me
Anyways please stop the killings
Pray for Tyler
Thank you Sister God bless you
I Remember Us Sitting Down Talking About Stuff Like This
Yaaaah you are a corporate criminal superb na sir too good Sarkar - Official
I really pray that people learn again to live in the moment. To enjoy what they are experiencing. And of
Pray for the ones you love the most I know I do I know for a fact god answers prayers
Thanks again to all that came out last week. This week we bring u a vampire masquerade ball
He is a faithful God
This lil boy saved my life today... I CAN DO ANYTHING !!!! Thank god
I've been tweeting for 3 days now, you're ignoring, abeg help me activate the wawu 2gb data plan on 08040100108
The piece is titled 'Mummy wa'. Please share and retweet
Thank you
I I like the blue
Praying for Mr James
Handstanding at the beach of Brazil by juota_mova
.
.
.
TAP THE HANDSTAND IF YOU LIKE IT
I really seedandsmith
love sent your way brotha
*universe attraction* pls grant my wishes
masakiio - peace
for them all day long, while you're doing your daily routine. :)
OMG, si por favor!!!
I have to go now.
Blessed be
get it has deeper meaning after church huh?
Congrats and thank you for all you do
AMEN TO those beautiful souls YOU shine like a4 NEVER giving up w/ that said totally ME at times a "MS.
Thank you Father.
I put on
We are fighting for it
Thanks James. We are getting in touch shortly.
God bless and thank you
Sir, how will you live with yourself if something happens. Act now at least
maybe black friday discount
i think this sleep schedule is okay, i can still go to school if i need
U r late. Have spread it everywhere I could.
Lord have mercy! absolutely disgraceful that the people who should know
Thank you
shelovesplants: Her colors are absolutely beautiful
Photo usage permissions! I am sorry I cannot reply to every DM please read this
Thanks
call in general Mattis PLEASE! this has got to be the scariest thing I have seen on our shores
Happy born day brotha! Miss you man RIP Freddie
We r fighting for it
Amen
Get well soon
Standard yoga pose with extra bloomers. Namaste
AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!! TAKE MY HEART YOU LITTLE SHIT!!!! JUST FUCKING TAKE IT!!!!!!!
Sunday's my day of rest and to praise HIM for ANOTHER AWESOME WEEK Can I Get an Amen!
Aaaaaaaaaa this is precious, thank you sosososososo much
This is deeper than L I F E Fela Shrine
Prayers up to my boy brother nature
goddessjadedragon: Shared in a Beautiful circle today and now I share it with you travelers
service was everything
Thank God for NFL Sunday
Thank you for a wonderful Proud to support you Your passion for Next Steps charity is inspiring &
Thank you for making me happy na~ just a small gesture but it means a lot boss baby~~ khob khun ka~
New design for MaiikYoutube!
Like's & RT's are appreciated
Tips?
hyunjins lip piercing
he looks so good help
Sir I am not having any words! Just respect! Love! How many expressions in just 2 minutes? I
let me have that jersey when done with it.
see them soon bro
I hope someone makes a
we missed in the AWARD BOX
(Tag me if anyone sees
for a win today would be great!!
You are backHave you had a nice vacation ?
always best anna
Best person for me
thank you enough for
Thanksgiving is coming! Which gifts do you like bees ?
x mine take that and Robbie Williams I hope to meet Robbie and Gary asap
Damn it. too early to be crying bless his soul
I so Enter me in the drawing
In everything give thanks
Yess
We need your support...
Help us Pls
Thank you for this giveaway. I really want to have got7's album. I don't have even one .
Wish me luck
Das hoffe ich seeehr
Please
Please
Please
Please
Agradecer mais q pedir
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please come to Argentina
Please
Please
|[ Mohon maaf tertinggal, silakan scroll up
This boy just saved my fantasy
Ok but is it Pharrell, like if it isnt3him just answer
Claiming this & all that I desire
The Only Difference Between A Good Day And A Great Day Is Your Attitude!
would you agree...?
Follow for
Happy birthday to my guys and enjoy it!
thank you
Amen
So sorry for your loss
Finally
Thanks & God bless
Peace of mind
Blessed to see another day
Come on broadinio Win some money for charity
Hi!! It's my first RT DEAL so, please, help me it's many but I'll try. I really want that book
God bless Barrister in heaven..... Extravaganza
Three Lions is a brilliant song. Thank you
Happy Sunday
Just Breathe
Please let Kimi win this
Nice man can i have one Please?
please look at wouldn't want you to miss it. TYSVM
Now time to get myself back together
Thank You Greatly Appreciated!
And what tomorrow has in store we can never be sure ,so all we can do is ... Pray
Great work
do this Tigers ......big win today
Happy Birthday !!!!!!! You give so much love and light I wish you the best day today and all
Played that your game, I will they will win.
Winner entered hua hai bhai
Badhai ho
ti ringrazio
Right when I get a new job bless up
Ok i should not be petty but i want to so bad only cus its been a while but i like this new me no petty Betty right now
Bless
Stay strong glock God got you and everything
That's
Thank you for message
Thank you
Pranam avam Charan Sparsh Gurudev
I am psycho
That is an excellant wish.
My mom is 5 years cancer free in November
Stay safe bro
Thank you a lot to be honest I don't know if I'll ever know enough about Trans issues & health to
i really love your pics. Our baby looks so stunning thank you
Thank you so much for being cruelty free and vegan . God Bless.
be back soon with our new song, new feeling hopeful again! Is it wrong to pray for this!?!
So sorry for your loss.
About Yesterday
Weekend was Lit
Thanking God for life ALHAMDULILAH
Everything Styled by: SuperJay WEARS
ji
Waiting for your love and blessings
been keeping up with your mixes for a while now and clean EVERY single time. Keep grinding bro
Truth all connected
day out and about!! c.elina.h & levangrimes Thank you for lovely afternoon and sorry for crashing it
Yes
Rest In Peace
hit your line with it
REST TELL
x would be nice some day i rate
Galaxiden
No, thank you
We'd better kick him out!
tonight
My presence is known as soon as I step on the field bro thank you tho my dawg
prayers for you and your family
Awww bless her, lots of chewy toys and long lasting chewy treats! Your so kind taking her and loving her bless you
Been watching and figured out that hes under ratedd
Someone buy these for me! Need.
JoJo you are the sweetest always saying stuff like that- ALWAYS looking out
HIS Grace
Mexico mucho gracias. wait to come back.
Beloved Chairman it is fact please take notice
Looks smooth, one thing to put in mind is the balance of boring and overly challenging. Good luck
You're blessed Seth
Everything is calm bro !!!! Thank God
Yes one day we will touch hand at a M&G
thank you so much! ^^
+1 objetivo
thanks i finished to paint yet
Oh Chale. Slow kraa.
These are not good sign. I fear something terrible going to happen tomorrow... Swami Sharanam!
A classic
Inter Milan Ac Milan
1-1/2-1/2-2
Nice Marseille
1-1/1-2/2-2
Google Photos Me.
I love Google assistant function. It helps to create great photo and video archive.
And I got a job interview tomorrow.
Thanks!
Master
Wooooont he will
Thanks Anita!
Do yo shit Keep motivating me
Please
Please
Please
Please
Merci beaucoup Je participe on sais jamais
Please get Icardi! That would be amazing!
ON EST DES 3000 LES GARS aller on essaye les au plus vite !
Please
Please
It's called Faith...
.
And Faith do Move Mountains..
.
I support her 200%...
Heart is heavy this morning praying for those who lost someone important to them
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Sending you all the good luck!!!
Thank you
Please
Please
That sucks. I hope nothing major.
Elimination race day! Come on Larson! There's work to be done today!
My condolences
I need to pay for school
day out and about!! c.elina.h & levangrimes Thank you for lovely afternoon and sorry for crashing it
Neha YOU & are GOOD PLANETS on Twitter. We are STARS, your followers.
Anyway your
NUNCA TE PEDI NADA...
GANHA HOJE POR FAVOR
Pleasure to meet you, Padre Pio.
Done!
Yes very well said sir Pranam ji Love you
the queen slaying like always
Very kind, thank you
not you problem
No be me do una
I use Oghene to beg you people
Wishing you a very great in your day. Good health And More blessings to come!
SATURDAY OCTOBER 27TH SAT OCT 27
Bringing You The Sexiest Halloween Costume All
BLESS U FOR FINDING THE TIME TO DRAW FARCILLE THEN
Prayers do help, too. Thanks.
Amen... Thanks
,
a high-five to all five of my followers!
Congrats deserve it many more blessings coming your way
Praying for my brother on a speedy and healthy recovery
Coba bang
Thinking of you
Is he dreaming??? Pls tell madam Aisha to wake him up
Block my number plz
Hey sToB it !! Whoever is doing that.. If you have extra money.. Give it them who actually need it
be back soon with our new album, new feeling hopeful again! Is it wrong to pray for this!?!
Oh really?! Wow my name got written in the sand and the picture of it looks so beautiful
thank you
believe
Blessed
Wife material
go MILAN!!!!!!!!!!........
Pray for KD
This is so true
I had a great ADE Festival - Amsterdam meeting wonderful and inspiring I want to share me gratitude
welcome for my service
Modric using iPhone 5s
Zayn using iPhone 6
Because great people never forget their hard fought times & value the earned belongings
Witches/ Satan/ evil Will have no power over that whom has been chosen by God
Beautifully put
GOD IS GOOD YALL
Gratitude for your RT, Susan!
Maybe the nightt
This is suuuuuuuch a great set
Can't wait to catch him at lumi again, if not sooner
Thank you
Please make their wishes come true save their home keep them
our thoughts are with get well son
thank you so much for the much needed iOS update I love Discord, quickly become my top
Please, I'm New here... I don't even know how to create an Account...
.
Help a Brother out...
lol thanks for accepting me for who i truly am
A live show when I'm not working?? Bless you
Thank you
our thoughts are with get well soon
Happy Birthday to me
May God bless me
Amen! God Bless President Trump!
Thanks for the RT, Denise!
Get well soon and come back even stronger !
Thank you
on amazon thanks
May his soul rest in peace.
5.
hocam
You just slapped me
Amin...
We you Modi ji...keep up the great work
Our Father, Who art in Heaven, hallowed be Thy name; Thy Kingdom come.......
We living in a world we're grown men comment and gossip about what other men are doing! I feel bad for the women. They men wear tampons
Hello and thanks for your RT!
status: in the zine-piece-makin' zone. all alone and cozy in my zine-piece-makin' home.
Thank you
Thankyou
rip to all the little ceasars in kansas thanks for treating us well while you still could
Thank you
Thank you for support of SOUL GROOVE & ANDREA ERRE
Thank you
Thanks for connecting brother
Can I get another
Aww thank you Mao they had an awesome time and didn't care that it was cold lol
This gave me chills because you never fucking know behind a persons face and Beautiful
so sorry, prayers for you and your family
They play it all the time on the radio bro cray cray
Hahaha. My name will be at the top I guess . Not sure but you may have posted many tweets in an hour
Phily McCone saying a few prayers there It meant to be this time afraid to say!
and Philip Rivers!! Nunc Coepi
Thankyou
My one and only worry in life is that I age good please lord let me be a bad bitch for as long as possible
Hey will you play Red Rocks next year please? Would be nice.
We're poor at presentation
amen
I pray you stay there till May eish
Thank you
Daily Devotional from Rick Warren
More lives lost
Om Shanti
to that my brother! To that !!
La Sagrada Familia ...Breath Taking .
.
.
.
.
.
.
Thank you for support of SOUL GROOVE & ANDREA ERRE FEAT TOMMIE COTTON 'NO RULES'
An absolute masterpiece from start to finish
Sir Pls Jaldiii
Happy Sunday and thanks for the RT!
boleh tak nak ni time grad instead of flowers????
Anticipating for Stew... Can't wait for it to stain my white similarfrom d east
talk to much!! Actions will always speak louder than words
.
.
.
.
So, so many!..sadly after last nights may require a few FUCKS if could spare some ? & I
Apologies been away for 2 days on retreat.
Hi Laz! enjoy ur blessed Sunday!
Officially opening the grey sweatpants season
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Congrats brotha
Learn how good can play a role in Latino well-being
New video up now for members on my site! Please PLEASE get a digital membership working so hard to shift
Please
Please
would they take Steelers CB Artie Burns in exchange? First round talent
We are recruiting in my organization
CoD , fornite
EU player please
DM me
Charan Chaparsh Sirji
get well soon and be on the court soon dude..
Alex you gonna come back four hours later and go off like this thanks bro
Support
If Madrid sack their manager, and Conte replaces him, Hazard stays at Chelsea.
shower scene please... ... Failing that I care how embarrassing it looks from the outside, or
I hope so too
matildemorenoy
el shooting
Thanks for your kind RT!
2022....2024 as well a red country! Thank you Tardacus!
Humanity at its finest! Beautiful
Patiently waiting for my birthday 1 more week
This picture blessed
Kaduna Stay Safe ur in my heart
This Is Heart Breaking
But Your Thinking Is Wrong Girl And If All Men are Tarsh Then You Have Men In Your
Please donate and share!!! Every moment critical, any help makes a difference
Congratulations big man. Best wishes
thank you so much
Yay NoodlesGod Bless you and your humans
1968 Prophecy from a 90 Year Old Norwegian Woman via This prophecy is amazing
always love.
We are behind you and we are not going away anytime soon
Happy Sunday
You welcome pick ya head up !!
congratulations bhai aur final k liye all the best
Thank you
Going to re-affirm this daily!
I pray to glo up into this level of beauty. In Jesus name amen
I love you so much please follow me
now since u have reached the mark please bless us pics with ur unique captions
PR waale
RIP Happy Heavenly Birthday! Bless you and your family.
WOW!! So powerful and encouraging!! God Bless you
Work hard play harder
Thank you
strength to you
YESSS
Thank you
I want to give Thanks personally to
You guys were best in promoting my
olsun Tyler Ennis!
Get well soon
Real Madrid manager Lopetigui sacked! What a wonderful day to be alive
A beautiful angel needs a home NOW!
Thanks love and sorry to hear about your loss my condolences to you and your family
Thank you
Im so nervous for tonight. Im praying stays in again this week
Jaro Cathedral
Feb2018 with fam ?
I will
Thank you
There any words.....
Oooooowwwweee today about to be so lit. thank you God for revealing things to me!
Maybe one day it will actually happen.
Thank you to for donating a room to the crew as we made our way across Canada!
Some of my random clicks
Hope you guys gonna like it
Plz hit the like button : Jk photography
Thank you
Luvvvv when my nigga goes out to buy a blunt and comes back w/ healthy snacks
Many happy vibes &
EXPLOSIFFFFF AUDITION for my class hip hop - AD JUICE thank you to all students
thanks for the follow
I wouldn't mind I just need 1x & GG
park events and ante-up shouldn't count on your record please change it so it doesn't
Thank you for your service
Remember the day when tore the Ordnance and threw it on MMS? No I want a PM to be a foot mat
INSANE!!! DESPICABLE ACT!!!
Thoughts & prayers with the victims.
Uhm hello, when am I going to get a Seven Husbands of Evelyn Hugo series? Thanks
Thank you! I hope to be back there soon, too!!
h-16. God bless
Danny Boyle's
Finally got it
I lost my touch and is my last hope
Wish me luck
Hey guys! Is your limited edition black (#Halloween) sauce at the counter please? Thankyou!
follow me back please, you might like my views
now since u have reached the mark please bless us pics with ur unique captions
PR waale
I pray for peace at heart.
Chic@s
I hope you are feeling better. Praying for you
Very Nice hun Thank you
Tik hai Bhai. Good Night
Goodmorning y'all Happy Sunday So blessed and thankful for waking up this beautiful morning It's been a
too sweet Katy sure as beautiful inside and out
Behold
For I hath returned from two weeks offshore !
I hath many prayers to answer!
I hath much to see,
There was no one like Charles. A former boss, he is missed already. Long Island icon Charles Wang
I literally agree more!
Nice!! You must put this in the item shop for BR please
It's only words..some like yours that keep me going..others mine that make me who I am
Thankyou
Ur helping us get over our homesickness
Pranam avam Charan Sparsh Gurudev
amazing!!! I even know how to crotchet. Teach me!
All these blessings that be coming along Thank you
thanks for RT - so kind of you
I liked a video Lil Kim Baby Father BEGS to See Daughter & Claims he Ended Remy Beef she had
Thanks a lot nanba
Paladin, Single Triple Single For the 5on! - -
Hope you recover quick !
They only have one life they both had rough starts let them become
Merci Bonsoir
Thank you
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Hahaha full marks for remembering the name of the locality
Thank you wishing you the same
All I can do is pray & talk to God about it .
I hope doing well :( please take care
Big bonus opportunities on this week I hope
Wow its been 2 years since I woke up.
I am Grateful and Blessed to be in this moment..
Feel it, let it flow.
Gratitude for your RT!
Yes please
Good Sunday.........
-woes out now link in bio
-
-
I was among yesterday's winners too
Dear God, I pray for Marin to be happy & healthy so she can give us a great skate today Amen
Guys please listen to me if you have a girl that loves you just the way you are, supporting you, willing to
I hope so, thank you
Lord please forgive me for reading and seeing such
Esatto
So i deleted my whole data
The whole damnn data
Including my blogs my own poetry and even moreeee
Need Prayers now
Amen
You too
olsun!
"Listen, I am alone at a crossroads, I'm not at home in my own home..." enjoy my friends amazing vocals
Send this too please
I wait to see you next year with new engine !!! You tired your best
Xbox one
You're welcome
Thank you for your service!
God bless you and your family
How scary for you all! We hope you're ok pal xo
Meanwhile...
The trump administration offered up
Thanks, more power, and God bless
It WILL!!
The Makings Of You - Curtis Mayfield what a beautiful Choon On The Formula
Shout out to sweatpants
Lord please lrt it be my day
Lord please deliver me from all the Jughead and Betty couples this Halloween season amen
Olsun Tyler Ennis
Thank you President Trump, God Bless
Yes!, I appreciate so much your threads.
will never depart from us all .. Drops soon frm my bro ..O ma loud gan
thebennettgang(save.repost)A flash back to this clip in honor of birthday happy birthday
Domingo de ir a Misa
Thanks
.. Thanks for the respect
God please interval in kaduna please
What a day!!! You were all so happy and that what is the most important!!
boring this world too much please send me
Rip
What a day Fun in the wind (not) Conquered this one because of the immense support from my friends
Hallelujah we dont have to hear Rod Black say "Speedy B" till next season
hire this man please
Tyler Ennis Ah be
Every Night I Might Not Pray , But I Know God Gone Keep Me Safe
An incredible album thank you
Absolutely but Gagai reaction cmu
Thoko likes !DhanewaD
my fv people!
Emi naa fe blow
So help me God.
My girl crush! Thank you
Amen +++#ThankYouJesus
Ji...
Ye rahe Pandey JI
fcbarcelona WE FEAR NO ONE get well KING leomessi
pray for you sister right now
I just prayed for you in secret better the secret prayer of 1 who loves GOD his mercy shall rain
My boy doin his thing. Yall go show some love n support
Ago buy dis for my mama and papa someday
My prayers is that one day the three of you will shake hands and dine together
Bless up King, your a big part of the October 21st
THE 2ND PIC IN HQ FJFJFHDHDH THANK YOU SO MUCH
England must allways expect that Everyman, will do his duty.
Still wait 4 Deconstructed
Amen to that!
Amin..
Thanks Dianne for your RT!
It's okay!!! I'll try fit you in if I can !!!
Thank you nick means the world to us for you to provide these opportunities awesome
DONE
Amen
Please be ok
Thankful for another day
.
.
BELT GUCCI
.
FRAMES
.
.
BLACK ESTHER DOUBLE BREAST COAT
.
Thanks for the RT, Stacie!
Ciao buona serata per te. Dolce serata per te
Experiencing this beautiful being in concert changed my life forever. He is an angel.
It was so great having you on board for joining us and giving us such a fantastic talk
Soo thoughtful
Please be ok
thank you Lord
Thanks allot God bless you
She had the power of God in her , just look at the way she walked in and out , not one Muslim could touch her
I too celebrate on same day
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Double d'higuain
Aassalaam O Alaikum !
BTS=THE ONLY REASON I LIVE
WE PURPLE YOU SO MUCH
Tunisia 2015 so i'm already awarded may be one more time? Together: yes
Happy birthday bro wullnp
Real Offixial EmmyDehra
go cop this new tune and from emmydehra
Here is the Special Design For 50K Tweets
Tq All Thalaivar Fans
No me hagan detestar mas a la gente
Need some divine intervention here.
Charmant! bon dimanche Dany!
Kimi
Thanks Derek for your awesome RT!
Prayers please brother or sister pray in secret let the father know your prayer to her so he will see to it
We are all proud of President Donald J Trump
pray for Bozeman
Nakakapagoood naaa. LORD! Give me more strength to face another challenging day
Please say a prayer for Kaduna, Nigeria
Please
Please
cr. ImhQ_
Please
Please
Big up officialmcfire brought his son too rave tots he had the courage to come up on the and he buss it up
Please
Please
Thanks I am watching the second half of Chelsea game on now but watch last minute
RT La Sagrada Familia ...Breath Taking .
.
.
.
.
.
.
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
RIP Eddie
Forever lifted up in our prayers
Gratidao resume tudo!
Very Very Happy Good Morning to all of you with love and have a nice day today
MirabalCastro: RT forageplus: The lightest touch is all a best friend needs to know you are there. new
Oh behns. Sorry for doubting you man. Sirf tere liye gaanay nikalta hai saala
delete this please
Pray for Kd
a very good pic I hope one day I can to visit your haunted
Necesito ir a ver halloween
Yes yes yes! Vote and speak up!
No. More. Insufficient. Funds.
Hi, My King!
How are you?
Would you mind follow me?
Please my dream.
so proud of
WE FEAR NO ONE get well KING
This is awful! Sad for our country.
England Must Allways Expect That Everyman, Will Do His Duty.
Muhabbat ka sauda
Amazing content guys
Brilliant work
Come on u legend.. we want you as a once again tonight love
Facebook Twitter grave
& here for it my g
R.I.P. Tim You inspired so many people to pursue a musical career... You will forever live in our hearts
Wood you please tap that for my friend on this late morning
Thanks Lisa
I was just praying about this
Please Retweet and Like
Make my dreams come true
Philip you for the follow. Coached volleyball once upon a time...because of course those who
God heal our Nation
Hi, My King!
How are you?
Would you mind follow me?
Please my dream.
so proud of
Please keep my family safe
Can collab with
Very beautiful and poignant episode tonight.
Amen
Shoes
Thank you
Always such a pleasure to play there.
Goodnight
Thank you for reminding me to just trust God. It is easy to forget. Thank you David.
can you include me
BATTLE de MEAUX 2018 merci
Thank you...really nice of you to say so. xx Amen
Finally a touchdown!
Perfect thanks that looks right up my street I willlet you know when coming over
Please Retweet and Like
Make my dreams come true
And this?
I am grateful that you played with me
Kal shadi hai aapki so ek salaah deti hu hamesha khush
I know, I"m going to buy his childrens book for myself! Hope you're well
I hope is immediately aired in Indonesia
Gratitude for your RT, Vickie!
I have prayed, meditated, worked out, cooked, cleaned, wash all by 1pm Now I am ready to drink rum Yup I'm
I was swimming up a birth canal with 800 millions other sperm cells and God chose me because I was predestined
Please coaches... Can you take Bortles out and put anyone in that spot!! Thank you
Do something please..
Hi, My King!
How are you?
Would you mind follow me?
Please my dream.
so proud of
Guys... my girl & I were able to get into hifi last night back...
Big up brought his son too rave tots he had the courage to come up on the and he buss it up
For RT!
Yes please play
Hi, My King!
How are you?
Would you mind follow me?
Please my dream.
so proud of
church just blessed me team on BYE week so they finna stress me hoco week yuhhhh, no mateya till
Please remove "this current scene is a blocked scene"
Join our Online Monday Meditation Class
a soothing 30 Min Space for deep and deep
Tirelo best believe this ain no empty tweet e tletse ka dithapelo, sleepless nights of hardwork, determination
'The Terrifying Nightmares' became the Nightmare for many
Congratulations on
Thank you for helping those in need hopefully sanity will resume soon
Oh gosh!! has just made me cry - the fight against segregation superbly played by
can you follow me back plz
Okay medam sweet dreams good night take care bye Tata see you tomorrow
Hi, My King!
How are you?
Would you mind follow me?
Please my dream.
so proud of
Sunderland away
Please sign and RT
oficialalexcamp: | Castelo | Neuschwanstein Castle .
Amen
Jai Shree Mahakaal Baba ...Sabhi ko Shivamay Somvar ....Har Har Mahadev
You're welcome
Bonsoir allez vous diffuser the sur Marseille ?
Some of my random clicks
Plz hit the like button : Jk photography
this is SO cute!! thank you for putting this collab together!!!
What cheat code did you use to unlock this kinda dad. Share please
Massive Edit
I love my Lord Jesus amen
jagannath temple puri
Repost from Don't be afraid to let go! Learn to discern when someone is connecting with you from a
Ima thank Jesus for this one
WWG1WGA
thoughts and prayers
I'm one of the winners firm yesterday too Alert koiti wole o
Sleep well my friend
Till the Morning Light
Thanks for the kind RT! Coffee cheers!
Thanks
we stan ed for no reason giving us the content we been here for
Thank you, Suzy I always smile when you tweet me...you've got those Happy Sunday!
There is no health without mental health. Get well soon . U are in our prayers
Amen You have to keep your faith strong.
Hi, My King!
How are you?
Would you mind follow me?
Please my dream.
so proud of
THIS!!!!!
I'm so tired but feeling very satisfied. We had a great turn out yesterday
My cutie lie, Thanks
My Sunday vibe like Godbless
and Julio Gomez should do a vag and anal scene together
Yes yes, I can! Thank you so much welcome dear~
Thanks for the advice
I bought it in store recently for my daughter when older, I still have my copy from my own childhood too. Thanks
see my Aza 6019285251 Fidelity hlp me recommend am to
please find Locksmith and give this info to him. Thanks
Please
Please
Please
Please MaryBaldwin
Please
Please
Please
Please MaryBaldwin
Please
Please
Please
Please
Pray for kaduna
Let the killings stop, I have fellow Corp members there scampering for safety
pls do something about this.. we only want love between you two
I need a relationship like this
I dey ghana but I get mobile money 0243599853 Thank you in advance
Please
Please
Please
Please
I've had no support on my arm all weekend. I'm getting back in the saddle before Christmas
I hope Brendan gets through tonight he deserves it
Thanks a lot Sir
Tribute To J Dilla | Instrumental Beat Prod By.Shorty Rumble\Inna Att... via
Thanks for your many kind RTs!
Thank you
take care of yourself May he Rest In Peace
Katy Perry doesn't need another album right now but in the next tour please include IT TAKES TWO on the setlist
I Think This Summer Break I Will Be Free
But Here I Go
Amen thanks dear
One of them days when I wished I still lived with my mama when feeling so fed up n pissed off. So what
Amen thank you
Toronto needs a little Faith !!! On Oct 22nd do what's right and
Shukriya! Likes Rts to milte hi nhi fir b! But atleast kuch seekh jaye log tweets se
And 4/ Jo made me put this in ....
Thank you Tomasita!
Thanks I have been practicing reactive programming through coding lots of different scenarios and
Ayyee that was me playing the music
Oh my so sorry praying for you to stay strong
Anticipating for Stew... Can't wait for it to stain my white simifrom d east
R.I.P. to my princess
Sorry guy can you Send me the link so I can donate that I promised
YES!!!!!
Smiles of success
Ratings for this. Always said that as a full time dad that not enough services & help for single
Please go and vote for paradise by BTS
link:
Seriously though
And his scene with Vic
buy plane ticket with my own money if it means getting this guy off the team
Hopefuly you will be better
Get Well Soon
Come on get us at least that refund
I heard this did you send this friend secret prayer to GOD our father he will bless the both of you
omg pynk metal ressuscitou
Thank you. I arrived in Germany today and starting soon
Little Alien in my office. Enjoy your Sunday. Blessings, Enrico
Almost done with my pending commissions. Before I go to work, made a fast sketch for a little breather.
Prayer Meditation Journal Read Heartbroken Healing in Process
.
I back him With no doubt
BET Hip Hop Awards exclusive
Check track 7
And studying in so much injustice around you will take the soul out of you but never return you with success..!!
Maybe Travelers ..... i just head where the boss goes ... assuming he wants me
We need an update on Michel
Gratitude for your RT!
In need of Portable Concentrator. Please coinsider masking a donation and tweet my campaign.Ty
Tks for sponsoring Safe Act to prevent our horses from being slaughtered & eaten
Sacred and Eternal
Good evening, kindly vote SUPER BALAT as your favorite rising act of the year.
God bless you as you do so Vote
Fashionable Kars ? Feat the best backpack of the warudo
Facebook : Yuux Cosplay
Instagram : Yuux0 /
Tmt please her lips should be I don't care what dey say nude mbok, abeg no give it to me Red tonight
Well tonights episode was absolutely amazing!
olsun |
Beautiful autumn in
Close your eyes and feel the silence
So sad & sorry for your loss
Twitter do your thang
The Godfathers - All Day I Dream (Nostalgic Mix)
Quality
Young Tea Rwido September Release
Pray for Kd
God abeg na Benz money we want
for a start up company
Gratitude for your awesome RT!
Please, Joe, run in 2020
Sincerely,
A whole bunch of Canadians
sir
Saw You Today 1st time Outside the Tv Live in Real Life
Thank you to our Partners & Sponsors ,
This week I will recieve so many blessings. Speaking it into existence.
The Gel should be helping
live proud of you Bhai
1:Follow everyone who FAV
2:Follow everyone who RT this
3:Follow all that FAV&RT
4:Follow back whoever
Thanks appreciate that haha!
Thanks
So sorry. one day i will walk your path It will be my safest days. I hope you know how much i feel for you
Give me 20 years
YOUR OPINION PLEASE!!!
So this weekend we have created our first doggy scarf / snood!
We are making
Nothing like a & to start my Sunday
Thank you
Please Ruin the title fight and go for the lead.
Tks Jackie. Happy day to you dear. I hope you have been studying. jo
Little Alien in my office. Enjoy your Sunday. Blessings, Enrico
Got that for my Get your Salvation (RMX)
Thoughts and prayers
Little Alien in my office. Enjoy your Sunday. Blessings, Enrico
I Got
Thank God for this white noise machine puts this girl down super quick
Damn I feel for him
NFL Sunday.. Thank you for this lord
Thanks to share this documentry
Don't know how much surprise is waiting for Indians when secret
Merci
praying for you, and your family here if you need anything
Amen BEAUTIFUL
As Is Tradition:
I want so it must be Sunday.
So shall it be written, so shall it be done.
Thanks for your sweet comment and RT!
I hope so if you do, let me know
1. I love you
2. You matter
3. Don't allow anyone to dull your sparkle
Please now that everyone else has pitted we need a safety car
ARMY! Please get over to official Instagram story and vote for 'Paradise' by Let's do this,
Day 3 of heavy rains & nationwide flooding. Keep T&T in your thoughts unicorns. The worst we've
1500 OR NOTHN
Thank you
Blessed to have shared this stage
RICH
I AM BRUCE THE RICHEST MAN ALIVE IN FAITH SPIRIT AND SOON TO BE REALIZED IN THE MATERIAL WORLD
Not long till vote closes, so get your last votes in for Shan Ako.
Vote number for mobiles: 6505111
Landline:
Please Retweet and Like
Make my dreams come true
Miss you more o! More blessings
Gave that awesome giraffe a high five!! Prayers little one
Kaya ... for you
You got this !
thank you, appreciate that
Please vote and retweet
Yes. Do it!
Amen prayers to GOD the father of all in secret to you from my heart
Al menos eso
God really did save my mum and little brother today
Que sea
Incredible story and incredible God Blessings to Tyler
Gratitude Sofia for your great RT!
please check this out
are you a veteran? guessing so - thank you for your bravery and for your service.
GO LISTEN TO THIS SUPPORT ARTISTS FROM MY HOMECOUNTRY
Can we have an episode with plot please? Nasty racist from the future tries to stop the civil rights movement
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Hehehe he is all day everyday
I really needed this tedtalk, I'm glad I came.
Almighty Ji, need your blessings and support. Please bless me. Dhan Dhan Satguru Tera Hi Aasra!
The enemy knows he is losing. God is faithful.
Pray For Kd
Be a birthday blessing please save their
Let the tide bring in your Salvation (RMX) for my
Stay focus
This Beautiful and Talented with an amazing voice May bless you always from
May God bless her glory is in you
This is great
So glad I went to church today service was just what I needed to hear
Thanks for your kind RT!
I cannot do this without you I need you to help me save
Get well soon
Tell me everything
Is this true?? OMG, please make it true.
Can you please share more information or the source.
Little Alien in my office. Enjoy your Sunday. Blessings, Enrico
It's coming
Please
Please
You guys are awesome love tweeting with like minded
me the guy that likes you, Can I get your phone number Since you much of a texter no baby, text
Merci de ton soutien Melanie
Truth
Heaven Can Wait video will be out on the same date that the album ...
I hope
I'm ABSOLUTELY in a HAPPY place Marathon all day for Happy Birthday I told my husband
Please cover Shallow by Bradley Cooper & Lady Gaga. I'm sure it's gonna sound really good by you.
Que Deus nos
No doubt heavier than my set
Needs to be done ASAP! God willing it will
Hope ok
c'est sont moment
Thank YOU
Hope he will be ok
I love Sundays
wrong cos ur
Insightful rebuttal!
Legit preach it
Thanks Mark
Don't worry yeah.. We still good
Goodnight.. Be safe
And the result is.. hehehe creds
That moment comes on the playlist at a restaurant!!
Target immune system give it your best shot
M
Me! November love from Philippines! hope to see you when you get
Maaf kar yaar
Fake ids bhi congress walo ne hi banayi hai. Sab hindu hone ka pretend kar rhe hain.
I meant the movie The Road by kurdish producer & actor Yilmaz Guney, but thanks for the book recommendation
please bring your planetarium show to the Minnesota will show you love!
Best of luck with it Stu
aww hope you do one day! I normally always get Jimin tho but happy
This sounds funny but can someone translate it into English please? Jaejoong seems to be talking abt one of his
Such people should lead the nation ..
Eagerly waiting for Enpt
for following us Don. Keep pushin and enjoy your Sunday! If you haven't already, you can grab
You tortured yourself twice? say a
Presenting this New "Puppy" Mascot logo for
All kind of support is appreciated!
*1st entry
Please lets get this touchdown
for sure, kind thoughts to you both
Job really laid back, but I want to go back to school to
Day 3 of heavy rains & nationwide flooding. Keep in your thoughts unicorns.
a fun one! Thanks, David
Wish me luck
so sorry to hear this. Sending all the love and prayers to your family. Will be thinking
The dum people should I dont know what they thought.... But I won't fold...
A tu tiempo y no al
I hate this time of year. My husband and NFL teams play against each other. Pray for me.
The Boy
Yeah remember him being a handful in midfield, just what we need!
Rockets made me some good money and now a lot of football teams is making me good money too
Hope CG is okay
My boss adam_a_zango With wife of kaduna state governor hajiya Ummi Nasir Elrufai Kaduna
Hopeful
Only if you are Cheesy yourself
So grateful
thanks emperor
O Lord , Save Us ; O Lord , Grant Us Success .
Looking forward to them all, thanks.
Thanks for making such a fun afternoon possible
Happy birthday dear God bless you
Thank you very much Ciro! Keep strong!
Great PR stunt today by just to increase TRP of inaugural show of
Although
Rest in peace:(
Thank you nim for the jjaeni slogan set !
And also for managing the G/O
special. There are some really kind good people in this world
Doug good to heat trim you again
Thank you brother much appreciated
Prayers going up for you and your family.
Keep watching
EU VIM DE ... BRASIL ACIMA DE TUDO DEUS ACIMA DE TODOS
thank you so much amazing writing
We still might get it yet
I'm getting into a new business
Irshad Kamil is G.O.A.T.
When God's Got Your back,
Blessings Are Forever Your portion
gets a Car Gift.
1st - Padam
This tweet, "RT Heta_org: HetaChain Twitter Official has reached over 30,000 followers.
Thank you all
On what platform do you play ? Vote now
Heartiest congratulations to you sir on your birthday...we you
10 of the best community foundations around the U.S.
Please
Please
Uditwile my baby
Thanks JJ
jogai por
We hope you enjoy using Dadapp, get the support you so richly deserve
Me just seeing bank alerts of other people I pray I get mine
You just a big with big thoughts
thanks a million!
Please
Please
Please
Please
been awhile since we went to church, iba pa din talaga yung presence ni worth it yung 3hrs lang yung
biglia needs to do us a favor if khedira plays vs milan
Maturnuwun S.I.Kom
JOGAI POR CORINTHIANS
Seriously the only reason okay
DIFUNDAN ESTA
Its Sunday! I am your new religion. Bow down and worship me. $end and $ubmit
I SAID HEY HEY HEYA HEY going
I SAID HEY going on
Drive em crazy
Hopefully not bad and maybe Beckwith close to return.
Wentz is looking more and more like how he did last season
Please restore to me the time lost, giving me your grace, both now and in the future, that I may appear before
olsun TylerEnnis |
Happy Birthday screen diva More Grace in Jesus name
Thanks for the follow Rattler, I will follow you also
Pray for Canela
Blessed to have been coached by Coach Wise
Plz guys i request u don't troll...
Spread positivity...
If u don't want to vote her
so kind. Thank you
Thank you for sharing
Thank you
So sorry...
Awesome!! Please follow me I love you
God bless this
May we receive the good news we've been praying for
Amen.
saw Shivika spa performance promo on tv and also one bit of o jana dancing on stage
matlab sp wont edit it
Podremos?
the saemmm thanks ga nya
Hopefully gets better in next few days xx
Hope CG is okay
Giroud
A Very Busy Mummy! Please like and tweet our blog via
Merci
Hi!!! , can I be added to ur list (please! ) l love ur art. 25y
Solidarity with you Alaya on you vigil. I will try to get down to Trafalgar sq in person
Thanks Shaun having a well deserved lay down whilst I cook dinner
Under Her Eye. Season 3 premieres NOV 8 on
For the dim pieces of waste that contribute negative zilch, this goes out to you. May someday you reflect.
fondest memory of her - yelling at other to take care of DJs & club staff respect
Please retweet,my customer might be on your Tl
Sign Tebow john 3:16
Another KO victory thank god
Thanks J
Jai Ho Maa Sherowali Da
Thank you! You are kind to me.
i missed the 2nd yr anniversary to happily reminisce this
luvs...
Tag your fav graphic designers pls!!
CONGRATS TO
You've won the box! I'll be DM'ing you now!
If you didn't win don't worry,
Miss you too hangout this week
Thanks Carl
If you already go check out my brothers latest video
via
Thank you so much szn baby
SMASHING 50K TWEETS
Thanks to All....
Design : Keep Rocking bro
Already Done! Will you do meet and greets at Croke Park? hope you had a nice Sunday!!!
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
hehe. You men ulhey heneh noon enmen ulheny
Dear tweeps I follow back
Retweet if you follow back
Follow all who retweets
Kindly follow back
Let's prosper together
You look like a darker version of Bobrisky.. Sorry no offence
Nano N. 2
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
I Love brother
Ngl about 99% are gonna be gay
Plz guys i request u don't troll...
Spread positivity...
If u don't
made a very special memory for one little girl that could use all of our prayers for her healing
Woow
I'm glad chorizo is starting to become more popular
Happy birthday dear. May Allah continue to strengthen you and grant you all your heart desires
Countdown now. One day at a time on the 25th of October that will be 15 years for me
If i put my heart out in a song, can you atleast hear me out
This was reinforced a year ago now when attending a session with
Blessed by the Based God.
Do it for her right now Lord. In the name of Yeshua
Be healed in the name of Jesus and may sweet sleep be yours tonight and every night!
I need prayers help me out pray in secret let it be known to the father our GOD I need you to pray for me that
Awwwwn sire, I'm humble
Buh why you come mention that mgbeke
Momma Told Me Go Out There w/ Them Chains On ,
I Told Momma Dont Worry Because I Alone ..
Dear Sir
so much for following me! I cant wait to check out your tweets, I love new people!!! Have an
rewatching AHS Coven.... so just take a moment to appreciate this woman
So Sorry! My Bad. deleted them Tweets.
Get well soon bro
Thank you Khanam
You really make my day awesome
Any please
Sorry
Never too proud to Thank GOD Truly Blessed
Alico
Get well soon
You are welcome
Just Kate to go and all our house picks will be safe
bon match
j'avoue que je t'ai la photo, c'etait trop tentant
Thank you so much General God bless
Mayer Joy
Nano N. 2
Worst combination so far & WTF! is going on, yall jus tryna get me to commit suicide. Praying for
Biko make here too. Make I check if your money get stew or salt. Biko 0781045461 AccessBank
Dear EU,
invade us please
Incredible album, now on Vinyl
Az bir zaman
Follow this page public figures
Aah god bless, i need a honest undiplomatic review which i can expect from you
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Have a GREAT DAY everyone God Bless thank you for following this account. Im hoping that we can be mutuals.
Nothing but good things happen to me when we hang out lmao
Thanks sir
I put all my hopes in that question mark
God bless 2018 for this magic
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the
Please
Please
Prayers for you and your family, Abbey
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Awww bless
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Amen to that!!
thks
rt pls
below Themed track by Psr
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Good to hear
battle
Wow Davina.
Godspeed my dear. You will be fine.
No tengo WhatsApp, me pasar el de Twitter, por favor.
thank you I already figured it out today that's from a few days ago
kindly activate 2gb wawu plan on 08041138827 . Thanks
Komm du gut nach Hause
good night hope tomorrow goes well
God bless him
I want to sleep, I'm just not in the mood anymore but I'll stay awake for Lewis winning the championship
thank you, Sir but not as handsome as the men from the famous Nottingham
That moment when you forgot to pray after taking one or two spoon/bite and you begin to pray to God to bless
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
We need safety car, pray it
Wee Merc double DNF like in Austria would be MEGALOLS right about now. Just imagine.
MISSING KAHN Male Kahn From Hockley since 15/10/17 Very Much Loved n Missed Have You Seen Kahn Please?
Yesterday my cousin got married! Such a good day with all of our family and our close friends
Get well soon and come back even stronger !
Don't stop Hamilton
SebastianTay808: so much for following me! I cant wait to check out your tweets, I love new
s il vous plait
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Let's start the week RIGHT!!! National Shrine of Our Mother of Perpetual Help
Proud of you .
Tebrikler sende olmasan
Amen.
Yes sir, you have my undivided attention
We need BTTS in the Milan derby to land today's 4-fold
No response necessary young king
All money in
TK LE DIEU
If a woman tells u you look like a lil hoe you have the upper hand lmao
Arandis, Namibia
Awesome giveaway would love to win fingers crossed
Gave myself that confirmation, Boy you already great.
Huzuru
UniMusicIreland: Incredible album, now on Vinyl
Looking to join Please send me an invite. via
I think Darnold will respond
As 2018-2019 Sophomore Maid at Holmes Community College was such an honor. thank all who supported me and
Blessed to see another year
hoping someone can help with my tweet above
Great if you could possibly report back on some level?
booked up.
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
DAJCIE MI WSZYSTKIE MEMY Z ROADTRIP JAKIE MACIE PROSZE
THANK YOU for BLESSING me with your KINDNESS Wishing you and your loved ones a HAPPY SAFE
Remind myself even though I haven't made it, I made it out
Thanks I will listen when my have finished and l will respond.. I recognise the name
literally no where better for squirt to go
AMEN God Bless America! This is our Country take your propaganda back to your country
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the
Thank you weh. Appreciated sangat. And yes i will. Doakan aku kuat
Thank God for local that deliver esp on hectic days here are some of my go
a goddess thank you
I would like to take this opportunity to say sorry as well
Bottoms up and the Devil laughs Omg shaking
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Glad you got to see him before and especially after! Prayers for you and your family
Alhamdulilah Ya Allah for everything and for every situation
Inhumane. Let justice be served.
Make sure to follow me on Instagram to vote for what beat you want to hear tonight link in my bio
Please
Though what would replace it could conceivably be worse... Hopefully not, but...
A party at war: could
thanks for RT!
Yessirrr
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Lewis Hamilton's tyre to explode
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Ey thank you to everyone jamming to the EP.
Growth EP Documentary coming soon.
Time for a nap be back later. God Bless
This how it be always
Thanks too sweet
Eternally grateful to have someone who values open communication and puts effort in understanding fuck I love my mikeey
The men of Walsall have been lovely can we get an amen
Amen
Every MONDAY 9:30AM. Booking required. Limited spaces. Start week with positive attitude and energised
.
.
Thanks
Poli252 middle eastren politics and thank you.
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
really happy about this by the way
Why sprite, just curious pls
I wish he would do that for me
Do us proud!
BREAKING: 6 People Shot Near Jaguars Stadium in Drive-By | 12up
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Get well soon
Tyler Ennis!
I want to see ship again please give us
Amen my brother
SawaddeeKrap Rain. Bright start the new week
DAY of 58 add your wish or comment & the best will be retweeted
shadow knows
so inspirational
Thank you Jesus
is flawless so talanted
I'm ready
Douce chaleur...
Perso
Please don't mix kindness with gender... Thank you...
I'm going to Balii next year, I swear ! Ima take a month to travel and see my fav places
Let there be light! Such an amazing light gang! Thank you sweeties.
Sunny and 63 degrees.
Chef Chi bless up
08145588082
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Amen.! God bless you Carlos.! Thank you. Blessed day brother.!
Please
Please
Please
Please
Com'on guys, just a little more
Going to shoot my first Documentary Short, pray for my poor soul
Thank lucky
What is the point in doing the work of these days? Thank Jesus I
Ajiun*** she's very well, thanks for asking
Best Birthday Ever Thank u
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
I appreciate that Nate! thank you
It seem like everybody gaining weight I want to stay my small petite size Jesus, thank
Ufalakee...
Raees Yameen Hinithunvefa Hunna Manzaru Fenun!!
We Need You Sir
SAFETY!
The snap goes through Andrew Luck's hands and out of the end zone.
Thank you
Em is amazing
I miss them so much. Please,
Sending all my love and prayers to you here if you need me
the purpose of prayer.
Gory photos and Videos coming out of Kaduna tonight.
God help us
Happy Sunday ... I am blessed to worship in community today PTL it is written His word is a
Best Birthday Ever Thank u
Box please
Pullup
God please grant him a breakthrough
By God's grace o
God loves you Scott.! Blessed day.!
If you are not a bhakt then it never will be.
enjoying this off season....
God bless you, our love and prayers are always with you! Check out Dr. Charles Smith,
Thank you sweetheart you are in my thoughts & I pray for you in secret prayer
Will do! I'm gunning for it hard
Petit dessin du grand
Thanks these guys are my friends
Thank you all so much to those that have taken the time nominate us
For anyone that but would like
and if you do this with anyone, do it alone.
Thank you for doing god's work
ijust want to see my family do good & enjoy the finer things in life with me
This is the confidence we have in approaching God that if we ask anything according to His will not Ours, He hears us. 1 John 5
Yes please
Wayne your support is truly appreciated, thank you.
Somebody should gist me the gist bro kilo shele?
convinced some of got a death wish stay for nothing keep going to these same
Jonno & Mel - - more than
BELIEVE WHAT YOU PRAY FOR
Thank you Lord for the gift of life
Sorry for your loss Lauren you are in my prayers
[21102018]
Cr. Story igs loverrukk
This is my aza plis. This NYSC thing wants to sell me. Epp my life abeg. 3110254024 Firstbank
pleaseee ko wapis lao naa please
...plz don't ...plz continue them
...you have developed intriguing storylines !
IH NGANCEMNYA. Ampun tuan.
So sorry for your loss May Allah SWT grant you and your family sabr to get through this difficult time.
I know when and how but one thing is CERTAIN the Lord will hear all our secret prayers IJN
Fuck what they got going on, i focus on my set
Abeg tell me so I'll trek to Ghana
Or Else
Lai Mohammed
please give this another push
Sorry about the Loss
Accept my Condolence..... May her soul keep resting in Peace
Big and to everyone who came to see us You made it very special for us. And see
If Kendrick performs this version live, even a part of it...
Hopefully I fixed my livestream
Thank you Darnold
use other hashtag please
MISSING SPANIEL Female indie From Ludshot since 3/10/18 Lovedn Missed Have You Seen Indie Please?
No hay nada de que arrepentirse
Happy happy birthday beautiful glad it was everything you prayed for and more
I ship x
Welcome back we all look forward to seeing you
This is why I love this guy
Bless up..
Thank you man i appreciate it
dab mixed with (hi five)
Thank you for the great sesh
Now. Let's score two touchdowns before the 4th.
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Thank you for the share, Pamela!
wait to drop this hit mehn! ... like I said .. a jam for all ... BLESSINGS
Nighty offline
BUT KIMI COULD WIN THE RACE
Just To win the lottery
Great with the G&T Now just the rest of the copper to clean with that!
Breaking news!!!
Pray
Believe
Speak Into Existence
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Love this song
play for me TimeTable by ft thnx
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the
Sure! jah bless!
Never lose hope
Episode 5 - Gratitude
Perfect way to end the week
gave in and bought a bucket hat the other day best worst decision i ever made i actually rly love how it looks hhhh
you didn't wish me on my birthday
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
New BeatTribute To J Dilla | Instrumental Beat Prod By.Shorty Rumble\Inna Att... via
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
wait will send any tips. Also, send me any tips you find
Oh Lord, protect our Kaduna brothers and sisters. Let this killings pass and restore peace there
Thanks, Patrick!
Please
Please
Missed church but thank you god for waking me
RIP Cooper You will be greatly missed brother!
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Mw
sweat the small stuff on the ones who love you Remain grateful even during the difficult times
There are some mutuals i know their names and i would like to know them drop it here please
Il y a
Always strongGet well soon, our hearts are with you
Just dropped another vid check it out
Lewis I have money on you. PLEASE secure this
Proud of you babe
Great to see you all
Amen Sista Avis enjoy your Sunday in Christ Jesus.
Five judges next year? Please keep
incidentally, I've compiled the links of ongoing priest's novels' translations a while ago
Shitting myself, come on Kimi
2k followers! Thanks guys
Josh gordon one of my fav WRs Bc he said he did Lean & still taking off
I have the feelings that insha Allah my dream will soon become true
SAFETY!
The snap goes through Andrew Luck's hands and out of the end zone.
Congratulations Beautiful
May Allah Bless ur union
Lots of love & happiness to u both
lol. thanks for listening bro and good luck with that!
It's a blessing we have you here in this community Johan
Know when being blessed Cultural, human or spirit - accepting the love being given is always a choice
Appreciate it hope you conquer yours as well
The version on Ride Waves is amazing. What a song. Hope to hear this again live soon
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Amin
As we about to go to sleep be with us Lord and look over
Amen
But of course
Thank you God
KaranLaila
"What a privilege it is to carry everything to God in Prayer."
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the
Ehehe obrigada !
3:16
Stress free is equal to fee mind
Don't expect anything from anyone, be humble and smile
TACK GUD!
Please don't I wanna see CanEm wedding, CanEm honeymoon, CanEm babies, CanEm in
Okay dire na ak bahala na ini HAHAHAHAHUHU Lord i did my part na. Pls help and guide me later ill surrender everything to you.
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Amen! Blessings!
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
play me TimeTable by fr
Trop mortel merci beaucoup dans les trois gagnants
Season Opener tomorrow Game Time.
Sssshhhhhh! jinx it please
Can Alphonso stay please?
We need some new music
God may she be the one In Jesus name I pray
Hallelujah hallelujah amen the LORD IS GOD CHRIST JESUS IS AMEN THOUGHTS AND PRAYER TRULY TO THE ONE I
Praying that you have every bit of the success you've been working hard for, JRob.
A national tragedy.
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Mr Winton was a true hero
Needs to do the 9 Saturday fast
Ibro mute or block.
This is one of the sweetest dogs I know stg
Amen I place all my trust in You Lord
armonandtrey rightbackchallenge Facebook:Yani Serrano I
Terrible
God will surely grant you your heart desires
amin
Can we have on Strictly every week please
Hopefully the right 4
Thanks dearest
Tell me the rest of the Always Sunny crew is too. Please.
Thank You Bill!
As usual Joel , you inspire us to
Dig a little deeper in The Word!
About to watch venom
Some coloring therapy today
Someone deliver tacos Will reward with BJ
Thank God for today , I needed every word . If people want their blessings , give them to me . I want it
First of all I am so happy to follow it is such a pleasure
When you are being true to yourself,
Amen and Amen to that sister!!!
Tattoo work is fire
Monday morning hopefully with a premiere
For both penalty and match, it was a great save man. Thank you, really.
please follow me back please!
Hello how many RT's will it take to move the and next to the ,, and -- where they belong?
new shit will make ur day
Seriously so insane I hope they find her youngest and that safe
Swank the drip god
Listening to new album Rally Cry. I LOVE it! Please come to Milwaukee or Chicago. Or better yet 8123 Fest.
Please
Please
Please
Please
Damn hope everything will get fine again
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Here is the weekly prayer video for the upcoming week. Watch it and pray away!
I am so sorry. My dogs are family. I love them. They are always there to make me smile. for you
was a miracle of God
Love this! So inspiring
True inspiration
If 1 prayer need for GOD to let me know if I can be still his little saint I know I
PRETTY words aren't always TRUE & TRUE words aren't always PRETTY!!!
Thank you for including Great list! Best 15
twenty one pilots: Heavydirtysoul [OFFICIAL VIDEO] via Do you know what can
u make my week less stressful bless u sir ...and ur team of fine
Thank YOU LORD
I Love YOU
Please stay with me Always!
method for the ladies!!!! sheshredscommunity sean_radich Falls Creek
& to & her family
please follow me on Twitter please
Karma has no menu, you get served what you deserve!
I knew you guys could do it, it matter how many seniors lowell loses. got the heart
Get well soon! We are always with you
best photographer in RI
New 2 's | New Day | New Week
.
Sunday, is a day to recharge
.
Out with old| In with the New
.
Let's
Lulul I mean speaking my mind so my b
My KD people, you know how these crisis can get. Be careful out there.
All we need is compassion and kindness for all living beings! This is beautiful.
Many thanks , sending all good wishes back to you
That one reminds me of The Sea (Lowry) which I can stand at look at for hours
Thanks for giving your all. Men like you laid the foundation
Thank you
You just have to listen to it
MISSING SPANIEL FEMALE INDIE FROM LUDSHOT SINCE 3/1018 HAVE YOU SEEN INDIE PLEASE ? VERY MUCH LOVED N
Okay I've decided that they are valid again but because grilled potatoes really are the best
doing more than enough - amazing how doors open when meant to be
Thank you
bless up bro
Very blessed and honored to have received one of the week 8 game balls from Beaumont I wanna thank
Yes please and thank you
Thank you very much!
and .
Conner looks like an over-excited fan who wait to meet his idol, Adele Matthews
hey man do you plan on coming to france any time soon? Btw ur album is incredible thx
merci beaucoup
Twelcome !
Knowing Bottas will let Hamilton past, only hope now is Verstappen "Verstappening" Hamilton
Yes, please tour
help us get licensed by requesting it here
My prayers go out to your son and
Apun Chala Dekhne
Omg what a great ass i totaly love
Please save us I really am very frightened at this point. We are about to lose our country and sovereignty
Thank you really appreciate it.
I hope so
Please hold the Bears this drive
Thank you Queen Vivi for giving me the Taekook au
Lol I wish ek se. maybe one day someone will koppel for us
As far as concerned I said me
Thank you
Ok, October going absolutely fine so far, I'm genuinely grateful
Pray with our soldiers
Help Bring Them Home
It's PERFECT thanks for your work
merci beaucoup!
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Good for the city sir.. so am sure traffic crisis in blore will end soon
Vamos a por mas!!! el mejor fandom
really hope you can set something up with to shoot for while in LA?
How to keep your life in check what makes your life
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
grateful af for trans instagram seeing so many trans folx living their best lives is so therapeutic rn.
Praying join me in praying for Youcef@and hisily
It's never late. Keep pushing, the Lord will do it for you!!
Yes indeed.
You look great and cool always
Last one from me if it loses. Playing a FHG in Nice. Be nice please
Go on Mark....
Thinking of you at this very difficult time YNWA
Can I purchase that shirt?!?!
Daddy's safe!
I don't even care if Hamilton takes the title here (we all know he's got it anyway) just please hold on Kimi
Had an awesome time on my trip to Utah!!
Yikes sorry I wish and would love to but I don't have a Switch so I can't really. I truly apologize.
definitely a fav
Plz vote
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Wow amazing when technology improve the life and culture thank you
FLV has one of the best exhibitions in Paris tbh
I make that Lewis 3 times over the white line at turn 9 with all 4 wheels... his warning
15
I hope the rest of your day brightens up.
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the
OMG, OMG !!! If true, and if intelligence (Turkey or US ) can prove it, the prince
Really really awesome
And so that I can be able to say we got through that situation
I think knowing that I can hit up any one of my friends to talk about things on my mind, is pretty dope
God Bless
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Finally, we succeed...best moment for Nandamuri fans
Wt a marvellous speech by balayya
three lions at one
Sorry for your loss may he Rip
Lord God, Thank You..
yes please
This is fantastic
I could use your help and advice on something if you could spare a few min on call or via email. what's best email to use?
Happy B'day Sir
Good Wishes for the election
Wow Thank You
You really love for this, thank you
Congrats guys ! And thank you again for this huge opportunity !
Iv 100 go go
I think the whole community would wish the victory...
ASICSTIGER CHRIS Swipe for your favorite pic The new collection is exactly my style Big
Batch C Stream I PCMs post to serve in Kaduna, who are to resume camp from tomorrow; what will be there fate now?
Please
Bible chaos X, de notre placard archives. Enjoy the Chaos, enjoy the Porno, enjoy the Chaos-Porno
This kind of mentality is
this is where I want
Your portrayal was amazing, sensitive, thought provoking and pleasure to watch. Thank you
To night we dance
Thank you dear Isa for your kind words & thoughts ma belle
I am very touched by your
While you are here... I follow back with speed of light
If you love someone seeing him/her eating paaya first.
God has a way...trust Him
Soyez sages
Thanks
When is officially Announce release date for
Please
Everytime KD is upside down is when you become unreachable. I'm stressed
God keep you safe
Like and subscribe Bathong
Thank you sounds like a really interesting project
forget to brush those teeth
Thank you very much
Big contact between Max and Lewis... ?
I truly thank God for blessing me to see another day
Jim, I am so very sorry for your loss. Remember, she will ALWAYS be with you. to u and your
Best crawl yet haha even tho crawls are just standing in line it was all good vibes & deep convo
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Prayers for you and your family!
when will the results be uploaded to the site? Thanks!
God bless you Selma
Me going through this premium content from last night/this morning
God bless.
Twitter I know you have a good heart please save this little family give the puppies their birthday present
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Kanye thinks out of space
Great guy
Getting money idc who fucking on my exes
I believe Hamilton will do what needs to be done, I hope Bottas won't let Vettel pass by
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Not biased
I see your vision lowered the risk of fainting after seeing those videos
Bring Rooney back
My brother may be an ugly fat head but he sure can make a cute ass baby
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
THANKS RICH!!!
The one wey dey kill me is God you are so great , you always answer my prayers
Best words ever heard...Make sure you enjoy the ones you love
i hope you enjoy service love! finding god is an exciting experience. happy to finally feel his warmth again
Your welcome
Father, I see what you're doing for other people ohh
Smashed it! my twins Cassie and Ella love you! Pleas send love
First set of BTS pleeeease
Bottas, please defend for your life against Vettel
Yes for He is the way maker
Finally an ease up taking anything rn
FLV has usually the best exhibitions in Paris tbh
rite. Thanks
Comemorar
Dear Israel , please for give this old fool...we all in Nigeria knows he has never said the truth in his life
Please close the border if it comes to it and keep it closed for as long as you need to !!
Please just keep Baker healthy, for when Hue gets fired...
Thanks man it will be fun. Already got dark matter as well
Dont flame 12 days left to graduating OSUT
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Looks like a fantastic program Antonio ! Congrats May I have a private screening when I come to Madrid ?
Thank you Thando.. I will
viel Erfolg bei allem! bis bald
Exam, we're going to well
Please let Kimi win
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
A brain in a deep meditation
Me too
Ayudenmeeee, a la
Please
Please
Please
Please
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Yes I am. Thank you
you're a god
Louis_Tomlinson Hi, My King! How are you? Would you mind follow me? Please my dream. so proud of
all I want is a autographed jersey before you retire
You know where they get it from lol jk thanks bri
Edwin Wieringh among the best of all time
Stay in peace my friend
From hell to heaven
First goal scored in Bolivia 2 more required for a winner tonight
Thankful
Please
Please
Praying for Nainggolan to miss the game
Please
Please
Thanks please check your inbox when you get a minute. Thanks
Mantras, Affirmations & Meditation
Shedding my old layers and cycles one step at a
Full Video Link
Thank you supreme leader
That's all that matters
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
She's amazing and such a loveable person will always be my Idol and
All the best to Paul with his life. I pray that he switch it up for better.
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
you have to leave I miss you so much
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
I can promise you yes I am a dreamer too Creamfields
Hi.... I'm old here
Please kindly follow me... I follow back
The Smile and Despair of Robin Williams
Robin Williams (1951 - 2014)
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Amen thank you
Pleas
Hmm sorry and leave it
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
First I pray for it then I go get it I'm just living life wake up everyday & roll the
Fantasy points!!!!
Bet the luckiest man alive , your momma accepting your Hun is literally a top 1 feeling Always fight to
you for accepting and receiving - one place is the best album
Amen
Oh I see. Thank you!
for you all! from Ohio!
pink flame based god please bless this pink puff ball with a follow
Oh wow. Here we go
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the
thank you for the follow
Eh mas giovinco
My name is Bert, I don't attend church every Sunday and Sometimes I go to sleep without saying my prayers
Tenha
Peace & Prosperity.
Oh thank You
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Thanks
Hoping to find out today!
Merci beaucoup bro
Sorry for spamming
Just as important as food
you can still kick butt
even if it's white wolf we're talking about
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the
Help with question...please
Momentary Bliss
Thank you
Thank you interesting article
OMG!!!
1) THIS IS SO HOT
2) WE'RE GETTING DESTIEL CONTENT, please have long, amazing and gay scenes
3) COCKLES
HAbibte FArah, Love you too
W nshalla mnetsharraf fike b lebnen next time w bshoufik
Respect them , not fear
All in Gods hands.
Eileen is missed so much here & my heart goes out to her family. She was such a beautiful & funny angel!
God, please protect Tommy!!
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
2/ Still at the top of his game
Really appreciate you baby of life
davidzyofficial
Replying to
Sexy Asra
Amen I thank you
Listen to Sting :: Shape Of My Heart by MusikConnections on
Faring well thanks how are u doing ?
Yep, Thank U Brother, Don't Believe Da' Hype!
(get_repost)
from - Grande Valley gracias ..
Get well soon man ... Good vibes only ..
FaceTime y menos WhatsApp
Certainly taking you up on that next time here (if I ever come back lol) thanks
KKkK d vdd
the plan
Omg stop!
Thank you so much for this. I really do appreciate it.
Oh wow.
98 yards thanks
God is in control! The blood of Jesus is protecting our President and our great country!
C'mon let's fucken finish this game out
Don't u think twitter is full of narcissistics? Wo kya hota h? Meri vocabulary bht choti h sir/ mam.
Jesus take the wheel
1 proud dad my boy jack is undefeated 2nd round job done truly blessed
My TRULY Hurts For You All, I can do is Pray for
Thanks so much Cath
thanks
Happy Birthday
A huge respect
Have a beautiful life ahead.
Prayers for champagne
Please Retweet
Amen
God bless each one of you
BTS=The only reason i live
We purple you so much
If you're depressed and you need someone to talk to, my DM is open
Please retweet
The terrifying truth.
Welcome to
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Wake up Hindus and fight it out till last breath !
Please
Please
A SCARY time. We have a president, a con man, who's working every angle. He succeeded last time.
Be sure to make time for the important things in life
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
New week, new oppertunities, full energy!
Schedule for the Week:
Mo: Dark Souls 3 - 07:00PM CEST
Wed: Golf
Please do something defense
TOUCHDOWN
I prefer the Love Like Jesus way
Waka Waka
participando de Shakira at the Allianz Parque, Sao Paolo (Brazil) em Allianz Parque
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Lindo
Right thank you Ibama Trump you need to hit 50k to match what Obama did in regards to the economy! Fun FACT
I need to go
If you have a chance, could you look to see if they have the smiling Tata Cushion?
Merci
200 Bola Tha, 150 Bana Diye Thank You Sooooo Much
subh ratri
, please! biko!! abeg!!! Save Nigeria help us to warn
Pre-Save my new Single "Beautiful" on Spotify RIGHT NOW
Egbon can i send mine too ejo, 1k alert can do a lot for me right now, to buy small foodstuffs in my hostel
Thank you . Good morning
Because the Son is shining on me Little sister stop grabbing this straight hair
Excellent playlist!
Great reply, watched whole debate today mam ji
Fair Trade! America First! Praying for our farmers and Voting Red Straight Down The Ballot
Thank you . Good morning
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Above & beyond, I still can't thank you enough for such a killer NYCC!
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Alhamdulilah for the people I have in my life
Happy Sunday Atlanta, Georgia
Will Build One Of These Homes. Speaking Into Existence
Please french
Sinister Minister
Difundan
Please Hammy smash it
d+
Really hope you are right , prayers
NH-44 food festival Radisson Blu hotel Indore
I thank God for bringing you into my life
have been quite occupied recently so i haven't caught up with but here's day 13 and 14
Of course i like jurajil and don't forget to keep your health please
God Bless love & prayers from
Big moves count ya blessings kf
Thank you We're stoked. Been painting and packing all weekend. By next Sunday, we'll be there for good
You also, Gerold
Can this defense please just show up when we need it
lauren jauregui you're the most wonderful person I know, I admire you a lot follow me sweetheart? please realize my dream! te
Lest we forget
Bradberry finally got a big stop today
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Great Lines Are Open Amen
We All nobody's Till we all Dead bodies
I was on another Level
Please Retweet if you feel
Thank you
Respect
Quality
With just 5 laps to go, the top 3 is covered by just two seconds. Max P2... Buckle up!
Get well soon Fans are with you
Forgive me please sometimes I forget that our lord is a beautiful immortal.
stop name searching yourself, ricky gervais
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Sending prayers
Kimi... PLEEEEEASE
she going to be balling just like you lol but keep doing your thang
Rehearsing Black rain by thanks for being chris cornell master
Love esp doing the mime at the beginning
Facts
Sorry to interrupt but can you please take a moment to listen to my debut EP and be the judge.
Heydar Mosque Geceleriniz olsun
aqil_murad
.
.
.
Neka me neko prosvetli?
Bid you all Good night we got a full moon here....till Monday sleep well God Bless
Good choice, removing toxic ppl like that from organizations is a good play!
Keep winning bro .That's my prayer for you stay blessed
I wonder what would happen if we worshiped God BEFORE the miracles he puts in our lives
Many thanks
Sunrise to sunset no choice no company no basic needs met that is his life. Goodnight my sweet
had to cancel gab sub ... possible work drama situation makin me wipe all non essential expenses. sorry.
Need JordanBrand to drop royal toes and yellow toes
Come on Kimi! Please hang on he deserves to win one last grand prix... 5 laps to go!
Oh no, poor kitten
I hope she gets well soon and have . She is in good hands with you
Thanks
Mane is in bottom 3. We might have him for Cardiff game
THE POWER OF FANETO
HOPE EVERYONE IS OKAY
Ya Allah bring peace back to Nigeria. Innocent people losing their lives on a daily basis
Please
Please
Please
Please Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please Raspin
Please
Please
This weather for me dying bring me some
Prayer Warrior here!
Praying UNCEASINGLY!!!
I miss him too man, . May his soul rest in peace. Everyday
That is very interesting for me
Ooooh! Lian Yu! Never thought i would see you again thank you,
Former is India and latter is Bharat.
I'm a Bhartiya !
Thanks...
Another lovely review of The Fall & Rise on
Many thanks
I hope so! God willing
From last nights Padpushers anniversary..Pumping out the Sp-202/Dr. Sample..for the gear heads
I hope to win
Sorry you and Sara got hit so hard Randy Take care and prayers sent
Toh Amin dan samari
Thank you Nick
Now that's a ratio! You flatter me. Thank you
COME ON KIMI
Trust
I'm on the same boat.. 'tis the season
Keep taking your meds and get well soon
a different type of love when all of the close family get together to celebrate
Thanks for the great content , you surely make the difference
Yi! Am very happy you are ok. Have to say this makes you sound like the hero of an action movie.
Ayudemos a Guillermina
Dear can you follow me please... Please help me... I love you endlessly
Gym Now off to the office, to work Charity project is slowly growing, agency is closed, NDO is running
ikutowedzera nekushata kwenyika uku they will b more of thse things
Please let kimi win
With just 5 laps to go, the top 3 is covered by just two seconds. Max P2... Buckle up!
I am fed-up from these rt groups and from gain followers disgusting
prays for you. Just like black lives matter to you so does my own people.
From your lips to God's ears.
ty Leah <333
Come on you can do it
Yo! My Man Needs A New
Come on get that one chance to stick it down the inside
kindly activate 2gb wawu plan on 08041138827 . Thanks
Haha!! You will rise a 'high score' on this video... hope ya'll having a blast.
Rt this for good luck
Thank you . Good morning
Indians were spoiled by American people they are at home
You can do it Yvonne if you (really) want to. You've done so much else in life! pulling for you!
Lap 51/56: Please crash, please crash, please crash
A few more that I'll sacrifice to Twitter's image compression
(good game btw)
Dear friend Julia stay blessed
So Tomorrow at 20h00 with turkey time please support our dear Sangu
Thank you
Pray and
Happy birthday.. IRE.. Small girl with Big Daddies, Big Mummies & a Bigger GOD!
Enjoy d new year!
I am just happy we met at all Imagine never knowing each other And you are far from old
Niggas go call me "Legendary"
ING
kindly activate 2gb wawu plan on 08041138827 . Thanks
Thank you
Sorry for your loss god bless
What an honor
Please sweet baby Jesus, please please please...
Appreciate the support Sir
Please win this lads
Anything make me happy please
Merci beaucoup
I am fed-up from these rt groups and from gain followers disgusting
More about to flower marigoldz that brighten up any corner of the garden.
I hope I can smile like that tomorrow night after watching the game
Cannot wait to be able to do even more for my mum especially
Maggie por favor
Omg really?? :(( two years ago it used to be fans from home to vote hope for the best then
God bless you
Let's do this
I'll tell my sis
Thank you
Always and will always be
- still feel.
Obsessed with this song thank you
-
Tell me to dm too
Thank God we have to hear dumbass Joe Buck and for game
I humbled bro..
My Love Yourself cover
Click play, have a listen it means so so much to me guys
Kaduna people please stay safe. My prayers are with you
Ready for next weekend
Bless me
I can see d blessing coming
UBA 2101058074
Beautiful! You must be so Proud! Great Job Mom!
Tired of living every day like everythings all right
I got you no worries
If you're testing me to see if i'm strong enough, then god please give me the strength to overcome it.
Just let this man stay healthy
has been one of the most productive TEs in the league when he
Please
Please
Please
Please Post -
Please
Please
Please
Please Post -
Please
Please
Please
Please Get
Please
Please
Please
Please Get
Stay strong
The petition to the Whitehouse regarding & is now 89,924
bc this is actually me... . i miss you too. we always have monday night, if coming to group
I feel like drake with squashing all these beefs today. No bad blood and all love
Almost Lewis
Proud to annouce that I'll be one of the speakers at UJs Mental Illness Event . Please do come through
OLUWAH bless me Amen
OBO ur guy needs help abeg help me I don suffer for this life
God bless you Amen
WHAT !!! believe your in the bottom 2 come on girl sing your heart out you are wicked x
Charlotte my loooove thank you
thank you
At last yes thank you xxx
Please please please re-sign
Meditation and reading girl, I swear by it
Believe that!
Who need a little bit of hope
Especially with results like this! Gretchen went from Size 14/16 to size
I love how everyone thinks they're not racist. Just embrace it
Hallelujah Happy Sunday, please retweet
Aaah okay! thats great to know thank u
As soon as I have a vacation and I'm back from my dad, I will finally write the application and hopefully that will work out
A Thread the government needs to read
Ready for next weekend
Thank you very much, my friend Very grateful for your kind words... Especially good wishes
Thanks homie
Get well soon
We need you at final four.
Please God let this be a sign. Boutta light my candles and pray
So be it. Amen
Please
We
Please
We
If everything goes my way
Next year be going to see BRITNEYYYY .
BleacherReport: Honey Badger just grabbed his second INT on the season
Perseverance
Campanha celestial pro Bolsomito!!
Rest In Peace "Vizag Prasad" Sir...
Adventureland Amusement Park
and The TRUMPS are totally screwed. Thoughts and Prayers
hocam
Thank You God For Another Day.
Looking forward to next weekend! for the love!!!
Thanks
MAJOR Dropping sooner then you think...
Congratulations to for an outstanding performance in throughout. You
Thanks brother
It's horrible just a terrible way to go I'm sorry for your loss
is good is good blessed to say committed to play baseball at southeastern cc go rams
Glad I got so many real ones around me. I gotta worry bout no funny business. I thank God for that
prayer + God's word = power!
I feel the lord blessing me still
Inches and I mean inches wide from Riccardo Egidi opening his account for the club
10 years ago I voted for Obama. This was not the change I counted on. whole decade! God help us
SO GOOD then afterwards they buy cups of hot cider/mulled wine
Jai Mata Ji
Tarun Bengali Association Durga Pooja 2018
Please Like and Subscribe our channel
A team with a bird mascot just blew a 17 point 4th quarter lead at home..... and it was NOT the Atlanta Falcons.
Thank you so much we are trying our best to do everything in a great way
Wentz please
I enjoyed talking tech with you as always! Thanks for letting me spend the time with you.
Dear God I hope you can come from behind and save us from
Can u guys add this suit please?
Thanks
Thank you very much!
Please, I am ready for this journey
we stan a king who respects consent
Anmol There are so many things which i learned from you. Thanks for your kind words.
Keep slying
Happy Birthday ji. Kudos to your service to the party and the nation. Jai Shri Ram
I'm so happy for Kimi well deserved
First win in 113 races for Kimi!
Just A Noble Cry
can we have a for her family are desperate and missing her
chanel is a goddess and i pray she completes the mutual she broke amen
Awww. You're kind. I haven't been on there in a little while. No urge. No pull. No
Happiest of birthdays to one of the best ever had the pleasure of knowing More life njayami ishuuu
IKR! Chuuatsu is my rarepair! Bless Mayoi for making them come home to me!
But thank you! I'm glad you enjoy it.
That looks super dank
i gotta go for a bit so miss the sing off ;( hope armstrong pulls through !!!!
As soon as I have vacation and I'm back from my dad, I will finally write the application and hopefully that will work out
Thorgan whoever will hype over him now PLEASE remember I said it first but honestly he deserved much more
Thank you
Fenerbahce: RT olsun |
You stay injured! Get back on the field
Thank you cherie, Better late than never, i appreciate.
Send the military to the border asap before the invaders arrive
Your welcome bro
Amen
If He carried the weight of the world upon His shoulders,
I know my brother/my sister that He will carry you.
Amen thanks for your kind words but who are you ?
Please
Please
Please
Please Pete's
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please Helpful Items
Thnx for the genuine love & support means a lot RT I am
Thank
Please
Please
Please
Please Pete's
R.I.H. Antwan and prayers of love, peace and safety for LEOs everywhere
Done
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please Helpful Items
always next week you got this
Half-time and we've got the goal for Marseille that we needed. Just one goal for Nice away from landing he line.
The Four Agreements by Don Miguel Ruiz . Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Thanks
Endlich
Best thing I ever did was believing in ME.
Pull up in a demon on
At last kimi as simple as he is "finally thank you" simply perfect, well deserved after 113 races
please Brie. I love you so
Many many happy returns of the day dear Reema Narula ma'am bless you with a life full of success,
Lord , hope we can survive this day
Thank YOU for your support e Glad we could bring you home, and til next time, when you share the stage with us!
Yessssssssssssssssssssssssssss Kimi!
What a time to win a race in 5 years and 113
Larson is coming need a miracle for Truex as well
All gave some,some gave all . LEST WE FORGET
Thank you L for everything especially rn
try to get ji on
Thank you very much, my Dear Great Friend! One more gift for us! A kiss for your mom, a great
praying for you
Hi, thanks for retweeting
He just looks like he is constantly winking at you Hope he gets a home soon
In my eyes, justice looks like this! (through year)
Shield me, Olivia.
Congratulations babes I'm so happy that you're doing to the next week can't wait to see new steps and
Muintir Twitter/ People of Twitter
Please like our 147 children out of nearly 400
Wow....I have a fresh cut
good job nice car and all I can say is thank you god now I just need me a boo
Something tells me this name will be in the public domain within 24 hours
YESS!! YESSS!! HE'S DONE IT!!! My wish came true!
And that now it's time for MAAMMELAULU!!
No matter the language but being connected
Thank you
wait, you killed it last night
Tony Romo got us bro
Shownu singing ... can i has full version plz ???
thanks for the RT & follow
get this bread
Goodluck to catching a thief..
Ouch my ears its back to "normal" now
A cozy place to pray
If you could make me one that would be great
please spare 1 minute to watch and consider a RT to help UK kids access treatment.
Your dad went to a good place Sending all my love to you (I'm sorry I just don't know how to be
Sinful Sunday : the absolutely incredible covenofashes performing their Babalon ritual last night at
Wow this is great
Heaven is Myth, Nepal is Real.
Wonderful. Looking forward to it !! Appreciated the thread
What a pleasure... with gratitude thanks for sharing with members
in the UK 2020... love to go!!!
Chewy te debo un chingo thanks for saving my life yesterday
look what I'm gonna watch for the rest of the evening.
This is hugely important. Follow for more. doing amazing work on this.
Any female that loves the house more than the streets is a blessing
No thanks
coming....one more race Lewis
Thanks
Open to everyone! Thank you
Powerful magic!
War is business, lives are consequences, is the veil , wins the agenda; but there is hope
read it to the end. really blessing story
In the name of the piston, the cylinder and the holy turbo....amen
Love & Prayers
ABK iLu NLa!
OGUN state to be precise!!!
Even "Obafemi Awolowo" but he was a prime minister
ANY IBADAN
So excited for Florida ! Please !
Joey Bosa is expected to return after our bye week
Happy Birthday Pedro Best wishes
BleacherReport: Honey Badger just grabbed his second INT on the season Perseverance
Thanks.
Where to download OngHwang gifs
Thank you
Please be good
Wow the movie "WONDER" was just fantastic to watch this weekend has been great! make the world better around you
Thank you for the support!
Real Talk! Amen!
Rest In Peace To A Young Legend xxxtentacion
Thank you
Same dude so blessed for that shit
Bro am out of town at the moment
AND IT IS INCOMPLETE!!!!! THANK YOU REFS!!!!
Can I witness a pick 6 by Kirk Cousins today
Johnson baby wipes in the purple packet are amazing!!! They completely saved my skin
Tempo Tempo Tempo
Yes sir!
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
I apologize, the strategy was grate
Love this
Now just score
Alors trompe toi
Done please x
Happy birthday Moe wish you many good things
"Gratitude and compassion are not passive; they are states of quiet power" Thank you
Mic always informative
Backyard Chickens, Honey, Endogenous Cholesterol, etc. | Q&A via
Thank you
Reiss Nelson have scored more goals than Morata and Giroud combined this season
But you missed Running Man and Terminator 1 for Arnie. 80s has to be BTTF Lost Boys and Lethal Weapon.
best
Walks today with my family.
sorry for your loss, my condolences man
oldu prensesim
He is so good.
Last night of Amsterdam Dance Event ..love this beautiful city
How do I go about getting an invite to the party at Twitchcon?
I got 500$ of 4 NFL teams all three of them winning so far hope Atlanta fall through baby.
South Side, Corpus Christi, Texas
okay but can we please have the same energy for namanana too?
You are my past, present and future Will always Love and support you Xx
Again thank you so thankful to have these you a real one
Laptop
Lol thank you
hopin to cop that triple lemonade hoodie before they sellout
,....
Pray For Love, Daily
Wish For Kindness, Daily
,....
I can highly recommend aswell
Seit heute morgen am Zocken missed that feeling
rings so true freedom comes from forgiveness
Amen
This card is a Divinely chosen Guidance message for the 22nd October 2018
Blessed be If you would
Take all my pain away, don't give it back, I'm begging you
Thanks Robin
Oooh merci
Someone finally did it thank god
Yummy
.
Happy Sunday (RP jstlbby)
thanks
Thank you
Thanks email them and leave them a review too
Allah var
Thanks for putting this together and to everyone for sharing their pics and stories.
Huge thank you for coming to Brownsville,TX yesterday!
Check out the Bowsing Nom Noms merch. Thanks to bretoncasey!!! Perfect attire for any nom nom adventure!
From The One & Only Amazing Man I Call A Friend sourcemessages
Ah Cardiac Cats, never change
Or do. Please.
all sobagoras content is good content
I'm not a judge for people and I don't aspire to be one.
My circle igcwele inhlanya, omfundisi ingwenya
Trusting God when things don't make sense.
THANK YOU
a woman beautiful, sexy and inteligente es Gia Paige mucho and have a pretty domingo Xoxo good vibes
Best wishes from me and my family
for your wife, Mr.
Prayers up for everyone in attendance next Monday
Great guy, great cause, so true
Armstrong takes the place of Giovanni please
Everyone welcome our team we are looking to compete in online league such as on the
TURN UP!!!
Por fa
Happy bday to both my A1s, bro nem a be home in no time James Jamar
Allah var
there might be wifi at ikea
Hello Ashton, nice to have you here wish I could meet you
My dream signing
work something out
Just please
thanks Scotty
Thank you Rob John Jones from for coming to see our new line up at The Oxjam Festival earlier today. Was great to see you
Your evening is about to get a whole lot better. time.
comecei a assistir the gifted
Hope she sees this bro
prayers that MORE people get the message
This is awful! I love Kwon! up bud!
Sad case you are praying for you girl your mindset all backwards
JUICEEEEEEE!!!! Bless em
Please let it be so
I just knew u would be on it. U are fab n work so hard
This tweet, "RT Heta_org: HetaChain Twitter Official has reached over 30,000 followers.
Thank you all
The gym is my therapy. I get to work out my frustrations and move on
This tweet, "RT Heta_org: HetaChain Twitter Official has reached over 30,000 followers.
Thank you all
Please
Please
How u treat people around U.. Says a lot about u.. Try to be a blessing
Bye
Please
Please
Please
Please
loving the new Dr and her gang. Just brilliant. Well done to the creators
Please
Please
Lil
Love seeing this Clemson connection
Pls RT
Big Daddy : 1 [65%]
Next time next time.
Stay Connected, follow us on Facebook: Netbuzz Africa netbuzzafrica on Play the Moment! Netbuzz
What can you do for yourself?
No te enganches por favor
I wonder whatever happened to those sunglasses...
God damn I'm so ADD...LOL
South
zoracock thank you sooo much for the awesome
CD
Many thanks
Have faith in him. One who is the Son of Vishnu (Mohini avatar) & Shiva - what can any Paapi do
My cousin fuck with NOBODY!!! He was so
This is called love for people. I wish to all BJP karyakarta to work diligently for Odisha.
Mapholoba is a bloody
Thank you so much, Satish
Max Verstappen appreciation tweet.
I wait to see him win a championship.
I feel like been up for 6 days straight
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please How to
Please
Please
Please
Please How to
You live in Oslo beach ?? .
Cheers to the beautiful recovery
Your evening is about to get a whole lot better. time.
Brunch and my friend kzheng19 .Then movie .#perfectday
Thank you, Garry
THANK YOU. THANK YOU. THANK YOU BETTE! "The frustration we all feel can be laid at the
Final of tonight! Things about to get interesting
Yeahh I just saw that, and Tricia's and I love Lauren's vids with Pepper. It's just not the same at weekends
Sunday Morning Vibes.
Some spiritual time with friends.
Then, on to my favorite little neighborhood coffee
thanku so much ji
I expected nothing less
Totally agree
Please disappoint me
Lord me too
Awwww. So feel you. Been there few times. Rest sweetie. Praying for you. Godspeed recovery. Bless
Been through bad days lately but I love you still. tutto bene.
Hope both safe!
Love you both so v much indeed! May God Protect you both always and Bless w the best and w
Anyone else who accidentally builds shelves give me a
I won't
Thanks Johnny. Glad we can help and thank you for helping us
The best band you could ever ask for congrats and let keep going
so blessed to have 2 healthy babies You
Thank God
Hey Gene.. I'm doing great
Thanks for asking
you are all truly a gift from god
Sunny
Lust goddess
Thank you !!
I can't watch another heartbreaking Browns loss.
(Not even a Browns fan)
Feeling good about my accomplishment, handed a hand to someone God is good bien con mi logro, le
I want that jacket so hard too
Thank you !!
When words Fail, Music Speaks... To all the legends who paved the way
leaving town?
I want to feel lucky
Mtn
08034476735
Goth Money deserve everything
please jungwoo
Good problem to have!
Miss you too. Keep up the good work
Thank you !!
Thankful !
are for
Praise Her beauty
Her grace
Her presence in your life
Kneel at Her feet
Faithful Then Faithful Now In my voice Asta la Muerte
Lol prayer ute God alone
New project called BOOFTIME out now run it up much and to all my friends and fans love frfr
Choices we make live or kill
Your evening is about to get a whole lot better. time.
Good game man stay strong & healthy God Bless
Subid sin pijama a YouTube
Good game man stay strong & healthy God Bless
play neon brother
Your boy found a way to watch the browns game at work. Your welcome
Good game man stay strong & healthy God Bless
Best WR in the league no one can change my mind whatsoever.
Ithan Namma Thala
But Don't Try Thala Please
Good game man stay strong & healthy God Bless
Good game man stay strong & healthy God Bless
Good game man stay strong & healthy God Bless
EU,
Good game man stay strong & healthy God Bless
Good game man stay strong & healthy God Bless
is there any chance of a third student? I also need a Teacher like you
Hope having a blessed Sunday.
Good game man stay strong & healthy God Bless
My one and only Oga, that post is for you, no shaking Thank you so much sir.
God please do it for Hamilton in mexico
JOGAI POR
Your evening is about to get a whole lot better. time.
One day I'll open a fromagerie called "Sweet Cheeses" (see what I did there? )
Best of luck and fingers crossed
Seb should take some tips from kimi about "how not to get bottled". Splended driving from kimi 0 errors . He
One of the most touching Game Day stories ever seen ~ sending to Tyler and his family ~
Amen so true yet Hallelujah He is Faithful. Blessings to you Pastor Paula and all your prayers and
Bad injury for Minnesota, hopefully nothing serious
IM OFFICIALLY GOING TO FREAKY DEAKY
hope your having a good Sunday.
Amen
Brilliant
What a day!...
All the shit that's been missing the fan for all these years has been hitting this past week in tnt. We will make it through though
one of the greatest episodes ever. I had a fist sized lump in my throat. The whole cast were just perfection
Laugh your heart out
Dance in the rain
Cherish every moment
Ignore the pain
Live laugh n love
Forgive n
But really thank you...
this dude needs to come to Europe one day!
Oh my god thank god I found my wallet
Praying for you. Your dear love is in heaven. Believe it. Bless you. ALL voting dirty
Another soothing class of
Hatha Yoga
Namaste
Omg please tell me that injury as bad as it seems
Lovee news like this
Done
and they'll be stealing ur money after thoughts and prayers
Kaduna again
Ya Allah see us through
Please pray for kaduna
Sisters are blessing
Happy birthday my love
Treat do do ab Daffar
Thanks appreciate it
playing "Godfather's Dance" at ADE hugeeee
thanks mate
8 PARA MI CUMPLEEE
Just another day in hood.
Gah Amen
He deserves better! He just cannot
catch a break! I'm just so sad! I just do not
Love and light to you guys
Also thank you for noticing me bro i watch and RE-watch all your vids religiously
W is a W ...nobody gonna remember the stats...ppl remember the W
Sisters are blessing
Happy birthday my love
Treat do do Daffar
My fantasy team thanks Adam A LOT
Amen to that
Because God is saving the Best for the last
Goodnight
Praying for you and your fam
Fabulous thank you!
I'll take that-thank you
Guys stop sleeping on me am on SoundCloud play ma track
No vex Hunkul!!
If I take a loss it's a lesson, if I get a win it's a blessing!!
so precious my heart
Broda Mik, bless bro
FOR EVERYONE AFFECTED BY THE CRAZY FLOODING GOING ON IN TRINIDAD & TOBAGO
FOR EVERYONE AFFECTED BY THE CRAZY FLOODING GOING ON IN TRINIDAD & TOBAGO
Yearly treatment plans! more clinic days ! October is our month! -
Opps
Imagine if we signed Taupau
Powerful, and magical
Sharp sharp
Sorry to hear that.
Another week missing the show, please sort the podcast out!
You grew so much
Jarvis Landry TD!
Pls anyone, translate this
Oh thank ya lord
This is still the cutest Yamachu comic in existence
Do whatever you want, its your channel, your comfort spot.
Kennedy sung today for the 1st time with choir.. I know my daddy is so happy I cried
Now that was a welcome home!!! Thanks to all for turning up & giving our athletes a huge welcome great
Gracias Dios te bendiga slds .
Just another day in the hood. B-Lessons
Thank you for coming to see us for such a special occasion. God you enjoyed
Lord please continue to keep me outta shit because I'm not q big enough person to not wanna fight
There are people who are just there to brighten your day..
welcome masternim
Really appreciate Eliane always you send me lovely photo and message thanks again
Hello guys~
This is my new drawing of Jimin from BTS
I hope you like it and see you soon
Follow my
Could do with an Inter goal
Planning on moving to Pismo in about 8 months
So very sorry. Prayers for you and his loved ones.
Mad props to the Gs at for the EU GB
For real please
RIP Roy Hodgson.
The resurrected King is resurrecting me.
Thanks Mandy
Swami Sharanam.
The Only Trustwothy Malayalam News Channel.
Salute and Respect to
May God keep him for you
Bad bitches I don't fuck with no thot hoes. Her ass fat, I just hope to god she
Please
Please
Please
Please
we loves you
Lindo
Gotta love the man
I'm emotional well done KING HAT'S OFF
Who's the fucking Iceman???
I LOVE YOU FRIEND and im def gonna miss your kind spirit and beautiful soul R.I.P Antwan
Kind words!
I pray each of us listens when He tells us where to our Through this obedience may His blessing to
My lil bro got married blessed to be apart of it
I completely agree
My state
Np man, miss u boi!
Thanks
America, home of the free and brave, vote Red. Praying
God help our people
Let go and let God.
Father I ask that you help me be successful
Savage Alert thank you for expressing your wonderful customer service,we socially appreciate it! I
Chris was like my lil brother I believe he gone lord please bring him back
roses are red violets are blue all I want to see in my notifications is "ashton irwin followed you"
Sana may magandang mangyari sa ALDUB before the end of this year. Hoping and praying always!
is working hard to ensure coverage for patients; + need
How i wish I can understand korean i need English subs
Sorry I try not to RT it I try
.@noahcyrus is giving us a behind-the-scenes look during her right now on our IG stories
Waiting for a call back from an interview last week... fingers crossed!
What is Coach Kelvin doing, for better defense next time.
thank you for playing the wohoo song i mean song 2 now please bring blur back!
... Just hit 400 Subscribers!
THANK YOU SO MUCH!
4 Month old Channel!
14 Videos +
Nct emphaty
The crafting recipe for the crossbow is reavealed
EVERYONE !!!!
BRAND NEW VIDEO :
don't forget to like and subscribe !
Rip Jordan Great grandma give him the support and love he needs
Great!! Big thanks to you all
Kris : makasi ya mbak
merci
Everyday I highkey love those assholes
A big void.
THANK YOU
Congrats... God Bless
May God protect our brothers and sisters in Kaduna..... sad
The word of God never fails.
God be with everyone there
Amig@s Hoy Hoy Hoy
Nos Vemos en
Bad bitches I don't fuck with no thot hoes. Her ass fat, I just hope to god she
Querido
Really appreciable. Great job sir . Nice to see this from Indian PM
May you be blessed.
Thanks for checking us out
King of pop, i learned alot from you growing up
IQ QUESTION.
Since all Yoruba names can be translated to English. Please help me translate WOLE MAJEKODUMI.
I Pray He Shield & Guide Me Daily
Thanks
Correct! the approach. And thanks again
Yo porfa
BioShock
more my speed, thanks
Vai Corinthians
Some people
HATE you because they can't figure out why your still BLESSED after what you USED TO DO!!!
The difference between and
a
We up to bless the father
Your will be done my Lord.
Great setlist I still need tix for Boston.
Good game man stay strong & healthy God Bless
Did early vote a absolute YES on my ballot... good luck I praying you
GOD BLESS YOU
THAT WILL PREVENT POSSIBLE TERRORIST ATTACKS ON SACRED HINDU TEMPLES
Let's have a week like no other I hope whatever we wish or pray for may be blessed this week. Amen
May the force be with you, always.
RIP
Good game man stay strong & healthy God Bless
Can the NFL flex next Monday nights game?
Good game man stay strong & healthy God Bless
Accidentally ruined a bunch of paparazzi shots by grossly eating a strawberry over a trashcan next to Apologies.
Good game man stay strong & healthy God Bless
This thread! Thanks
Amen
Thank you
IFB
Make your voice the best answer to this new humiliation: vote
Or bout to move cause BABY!!! bout to step on my kid
Good game man stay strong & healthy God Bless
Do a mini giveaway to me sus I aint got the bread for some makeup
Merci
Anyone here in next to that could help me rent a for a challenge in a race I'm apart of?
Finally got my Halloween costume
Good game man stay strong & healthy God Bless
Ok blessings, I see you!
Hi! Thank you so much for what you're doing! Can you at least say on how many contracts are you working on?
Good game man stay strong & healthy God Bless
please donate to help our kids play more football Threave Youth
She lives on.
Thankyou G!
Good game man stay strong & healthy God Bless
Good game man stay strong & healthy God Bless
Waw grave Prudence la prochaine
A month back it was so difficult! I be any more grateful than I am right now
fds
SDFq5
Good game man stay strong & healthy God Bless
Thank you KEEP PRAYING . REPUBLICAN TED CRUZ IS HISTORY... GO DEMOCRAT BETO TURN TEXAS BLUE
Can't wait! Praying our girls win the lifestyle streamy award! *intensely*
Please
Please
I want my last word to be
Mere parents salamt rhe
Please
Please
Good game man stay strong & healthy God Bless
please donate to help our kids play more football Threave Youth
My bruva stayed down for moments like this ALL GLORY TO GOD! & only up from here Proud of you
Good game man stay strong & healthy God Bless
Tell us how it sounds!!
Father Lord let this game end up as Draw I beg Nana Nyame.
Amen I thank You Father for Your Loving Kindness and never letting me go. I Praise You Jesus
Anna What about a trip to Milan too for Italian Institute Convention in July ?!?
Stan and support
please donate to help our kids play more football Threave Youth
Good game man stay strong & healthy God Bless
Dear tweeps I follow back
Retweet if you follow back
Follow all who retweets
Kindly follow back
Let's prosper together
Miss that field goal
Congratulations +
Maybe if we elect Andrew add stickers to our future VBM ballots?
Good game man stay strong & healthy God Bless
Hope am the door is still open
thank you very much!
Good game man stay strong & healthy God Bless
Bro you fit post the video fit pay sef
SO SO SO MANY PEOPLE STILL HAVENT HAERD THIS YET! THANK YOU GUYS FOR THE GREAT SUPPORT SO FAR & IF YOU GROOVIN
We need much much more in our live in Europe
Can't wait! Praying our girls win the lifestyle streamy award! *intensely*
All profits go to Sands Charity too, share a selfie if you get one
You always bring peace and joy to my heart thank you
Good game man stay strong & healthy God Bless
Definitely a feeling I experienced in a while
Praying everyone will be fine.
GOD put me where at now for me to fail
Done~ I thought I must rt the tweet from not your quoted tweet. I'm sorry for my dumbness!
This just Ri, which is me smiling
So bless
CLICK LINK IN
really enjoying listening to your podcasts , just found out about them. Thank you!
Blessings bruh
Thnx for making us feel kindness again with ur tweets. Plz continue to remind US that hope out there still.
God is great
A few pictures from today at
Meditation Thank you to Bobbie Jo for your guided meditation and guidance
Jeeeesssuuussss letttt meeee innnn !!!!! !!! I need to clean house in my
1 needed now !
Good game man stay strong & healthy God Bless
Antonio plazas
to all the officials and helpers for the Winter Counties 2018 - it was a great one!
hoping for the best
was amazing. Such a beautiful gathering of wonderful people. Thank you to all who came out
thank you papa bless
Sunday
Been a while
Blessings comes to those who work for
Able God shower your blessings
We need this released your music is beautiful. Soo much talent
Browns with a legit shot at 2-3-2
Huge thanks to those who sent me pictures of white boots the past couple of days I bought some yesterday but
powerful magic--wonderful!
Good game man stay strong & healthy God Bless
2ILLONES EL TEMA PEGADO
Good game man stay strong & healthy God Bless
As Always i will be Here for my QUEEN Thanks God that Enca exicting in this World
hy can you please make my day special by just following me back pls
Friday Specials Get A Slot NOW W/ No Bank Info Required !! Accepting Cash-app, PayPal
$200-$2950
Blessed to see another day
Making a prayer to the football Gods! 49ers to beat the undefeated rams
please donate to help our kids play more football Threave Youth
Thank you. Sent you a DM
please donate to help our kids play more football Threave Youth
a woman beautiful, sexy, Perfect and inteligente Miss Jada Stevens have a pretty domingo le mando Xoxo take care
Good game man stay strong & healthy God Bless
michael clifford you're the most wonderful person I know, I admire you a lot follow me sweetheart? please realize my dream! te
Good game man stay strong & healthy God Bless
more than just a game Coach
Yoga Handstand Pose
Good game man stay strong & healthy God Bless
see them doing it. But
Retweet and show love family
Good game man stay strong & healthy God Bless
I found someone!!!! Thank you so much tho
Good game man stay strong & healthy God Bless
Same here hope they catch all those involved in that officers murder ....
if you want any chance of Medicaid expansion, pre-existing
Amin thumma Amin
Good game man stay strong & healthy God Bless
I am happy and content with my life Fairmont Baku Flame Towers
Good game man stay strong & healthy God Bless
I hope so too
please donate to help our kids play more football Threave Youth
Good game man stay strong & healthy God Bless
1 down 1 to go next week
Welcome
Cheers man
So Humble Grateful For Everything I Have Or For Whatever A Mf Did For Me THANK YOU
please donate to help our kids play more football Threave Youth
We are praying for you and your family
This kid is the truth, and Humble as they come. Size compare to Heart. Put em on notice young bull
We hope you had a lovely Sunday.
Carry on only positivity for the rest of the week
Love and light to you
Every credit going to Bulgaria for this! I hope he comes away with the win. Feel he will need a stoppage
Good game man stay strong & healthy God Bless
Alright everybody shut the hell up. all pray....the Browns are gonna win in Overtime amen
Good game man stay strong & healthy God Bless
thioo on diminue la liste now c clair
Sorry that your Dad is a Cure-Blocking POS
Hope 2019 is Awesome for you and your Other family members
hshshsj good luck preparing your soul for the masterpiece that's about to drop
Skating gods give my vocal chords the strength to scream for all my faves
I surrender all. I pray Father for meekness and Your will be unto me not my own in Jesus name amen and I thank You
I am god... Ignore at your own risk!
GEL is real and helping thousands of people, sweeping across America!! 10,000,000 in sales a month..
Beautifully crafted.
Prayed then I prayed
Pegaleeee ya pordio!
Right B4 about to bless you he removes everyone who belong LET EM STAND ON MY OWN
Fire Thread
Wapo is pissed.
Bless memory and the fire it instilled in this belly.
This Jesus meme is very brutal. He sure knows how to fuck us up.
Bless
Keep going boss
Come on browns
Hehe thanks for that.
Thought I had to use animated border-radius somewhere on that page.
Love those eyes feel better soon rest and relax. I'll come and be your nurse I'll take good care of you.
The point is you get anything major done in life without being a problem. And the point is cancel these nuts bitch. Thanks
Tyler feci I felt your emotion.Stay strong and get well soon!
Those get me everytime.
I know spoken but still gonna harass you with replies thank you my lovely it
We are recruiting in my organization
CoD , fornite
EU COD players please
DM me
This match should end up as draw make I celebrate
Good Luck and G-dspeed, Sam!
Sry bro
I love to love Jesus Christ. Glory be to God
Just feel you bro ....
Gods bless us !!!
Wish me luck fb yah
Bless you mama Lemeeow!
Go treat yoself, because you deserve it!
is amazing! much love bro thanks for the tunes
As of tomorrow getting my arse back in gear gym and healthy(ish) eating
Please
Please
Please
Please
joking. Thanks for the compliment.
Really hope see you there then
Please
Please
Amen forever and ever Thank You Father my never ending hope of Glory.
Sending you healing thoughts and prayers
thanks!
Thank you
O dear me the dirty little TAX CHEAT win perhaps there is a tax god
go BROWNS
thanks!
Honduras en crisis. Centroamerica en crisis.
75+ 3Ball on His Future TOTW'S
S/O TO for selling me the OW UNCs finally was able to open the box hesitate to do
thanks Man! Still buzzing with the game today, we need to start a team up ASAP!
thanks!
You have to see this story
Amen
ngl this some peep vibe shit
And I give praises to God for giving us President Trump!
thanks my friend!
Amen brother Branch. Love you brother.
Family time is precious
Prayers
Thanks for lovely welcome Be a pleasure to be invited as guest
thanks my friend!
thanks my friend!
Yay new
my friend
thanks my friend!
.@LaurenJauregui follow me
You short changed us on "Forget" by the time I pulled my chair up the food was gone.. lol.. Wish you would kept cooking..
Please get him a contract to
I want to date Thuso Mbedu but I don't want to shela her make it happen
Next session starts after this upcoming week & gonna be a busy one only 2 more classes left after next session though, bless
OMGGGG ! My single has reached the Uk ! UNITED KINGDOM
Humans best friend.
no me dejen fracasar
thanks very much !
Loving this new intro album
can I have a WAV copy please
from - Ya estamos modo halloween
La noche es JOVEN. Mi banda, mis muchachos
Amin
Gracias tio estaremos atentas
Thats great, stay safe
I feel like my reality gently shows me when I'm being ugly. I hope it never has to show me hard...
Holy shit... That ending. One yard short.
oluwa is involved
..and you 'sincerely good luck'
Un abuelo asi
Me please
Gurur
Such a beautiful episode Love our new doctor
All the time
geceler
thank you!! I solemnly vow that I will pull absolutely zero unreasonable bride bullshit for you
Please God let this go through
a Deus ainda tem
Get well soon
darun likho! Sotti sob mon ar kotha!
Lots of Love from
Not another like unto Jesus. Amen our Redeemer lives
darun likho! Sotti sob mon ar kotha!
Lots of Love from
Gracias
delete this pls!! expose us
may he RIP...
Thank you for your kindness and love. I admire your courage.
Its been a week already
Please gumaling kana
EST l'Artiste francophone!!! Cet est pr
Good night
Young Forever Taehyung..? One of my fav eras Do you have download links? Plaese, pleasee add links too
thanks my friend! It was a pleasure spending a day with you! I learned tons and have lots
Thanks for doing the work! You will be blessed!
I eat today but I took the perc and it make me sick
thanks my friend!
Yes breakfast update would be amazing. Please, pretty please
Check you messages
Amazing !!
thanks my friend!
thanks my friend!
Please share
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Thank God for
It's okay to miss someone. Just make sure to focus on you & your son & God
Thanks boss
Conociendo personas
DEFINITELY not perfect , but I definitely have the biggest heart of gold
True story
YOUR TIME, YOUR JOURNEY | Thanks for Shopping, Sharing & Supporting
.
Another great weekend in Great Yarmouth and South Wales FINALLY got to sing with the amazing Kelly Ball
He will hear your prayers and grant those prayers
Thanks for your support on Patreon.
AA Thank you!!
Satisfaction
Yes, right again, we are one.
Such a beautiful picture That smile so eluminating fills you full of joy! Just Wow!
EST l'Artiste francophone!!! Cet est pr
You won't
Please
Please
Too close to home
ES IST SOWEIT ... !
LIKE & SHARE to feel the
Please
Please
Thank you
URGENT HELP
Agreed thank you love
get u a friend who would eat ur a$$ i can relate
Amen
Sir,please avoid Morning walks
Glad youre well. Ooh thanks Jo, that's very kind. Its always nice to get feedback
Much love to the ones that always been with me and never used me all I ask is to be real it I hate fake shit
Well be in at 9 tonight! Thanks
All love here. Thank you
I've had an awesome weekend!!! Lots to be thankful for
thank u so much it was fun!
one of my favorite parts was
Around 9-10 the past week
MERCI beaucoup Patrick
Bisous
Osimhen tied up the game then scored the winner the last minute of the game
CA-22 please save us from this clown. vote
Thanks again
Please
Please
release dem US tour dates
DNA of Beauty Works Here Masha Allah
Amen . Thank you Scott
had an intense meeting with my partner! decisions decisions decisions!
Done and Done
I am the voice of many a voters of our nation
anche le uni?
Shout out to for the shots .. thank you much love...
Hope everything is okay much love
Thank you full song link in my bio! Go peep!!
Only look back to see how far come. RT a lot can change in a year.
I pray for her divine healing and may the hand of God rest upon her
PLEASE RT appreciate what & NK do for communities PLEASE VOTE thankyou! X
Amazing Grace how Sweet the sound...
ur acting was incredible. Enjoyed episode. Tell Chris that his work is outstanding
URGENT MEDICAL RESCUE PLEASE
i woke up so early in the morning hearing the bang hopefully it wil be s good sign
Rest In Peace, Carrie and may the force be with you always
thanks my friend!
please for all of you that pray, pray hard for she is so strong but she needs so many prayers right now
for a Sunday
Family lunch for my birthday
Palm wine music 2
we need a life show before 2019
I'm looking at the Devil with a Angel on my shoulder.
I say in , I still want that 10 figure
Very nasty to spit on people. I'm pretty sure you were raised better than that.
RT Thank U
All right! I welcome myself to The world of Social media, more specifically Tweeter.
!
Totally love this light and luminous shot of the ever floating Formula X. Thank you onakachan for your post. I
not easy for sure! But keep pushing through and stay focused Now is the time to invest in your dreams
you are inspiration bud !
Praying for
Nigerian Christians are among the greatest people on earth (apparently)
Thanks for the shout out Joe...
Amazing food , wonderful nice and positive servants and amazing prizes , you get a lot of food for small money
Thanks
Lol good one
rtxrt?
Honey harvesting from the hives. We took some & left more than we took for the bees we are seeking to
Ok thank you
Only the new peep fans getting in peace white Tracy
rtxrt?
we need your 100% on Wednesday
Icardi is a good striker
please post more of this adorable dancing sharklet
We hope you had a lovely Sunday.
Carry on only positivity for the rest of the week
Love and light to you
Facts
These rich white folks be real generous with they money when they fwu . Customer bought me a lotto ticket & I hit on that hoe
You are a warrior, you will come back stronger. Get well soon
rtxrt? Help mee
You're okay my dude but thank you for the encouragement! I'll continue to improve and I won't disappoint!
We almost to get 1000 subscribe
And that is because of you guys
So don't forget to see my new video and give
thanks my friend!
Please come to Italy
We wait to meet our wonderful and fantastic Queen!
thanks my friend!
Motivation
Just saw this
I'm afraid that nobody despite OP does... Anyway, have a wonderful evening/night/dat wherever you are!
You know only right
Better days ahead dear
URGENT MEDICAL RESCUE PLEASE
sigo eles, me indica
Happy Monday yang Mulia.
Thanks to cowtowncrossfit for having me out at your ! I had a blast meeting your tribe and
rtxrt? Please, help me
Mondays are the best day of the week. And no. My account has not been hacked
*it's one day closer to the
ansiosa para ouvir a Soraia
Well "Horray" to the new couple and Best Wishes to them!
If you need beats dm me
Please
ya Allah please pray for Kaduna. 100 people have died between today and yesterday. Please keep us in your prayers
I'am you and get cool sounds so good.. omg i can't wait and obviously can't sleep!!!! best of luck boys
One of my happiest days. A promise ring worth a thousand words
Thank you Osofo
Making the best out of a difficult situation as you / I continue to trust God to God Be The Glory Amen
God will intervene Dear
dear sweet little baby jesus
Please
Please
Please
Please Post -
Many thanks for your kind words! Much appreciated.
Please
Please
Please
Please Post -
my dad for being able to cry with us and also tell us to buck tf up when we need it
We hope you had a lovely Sunday.
Carry on with only positivity for the rest of the week
Love and light to you
funny how I do better on a paper I did in one day than one I took several days to complete. Not complaining tho
URGENT MEDICAL RESCUE PLEASE
Bhai big respect for you... Facts and figures ke naam pe madam toh bhag gayi ...
Amen all my thoughts to his own family.
Truly Proud of what you've accomplished...
hi thanks for your follow
please check your dms
Support the movement
Drop some tips. Thank you
Cashapp - $DiamondJayyyy
I think I dreamt a dream sequence wherein I spoke to someone about their tear inducing skillz ...Thank you
For how far HE has brought me, I am greatful
killings everywhere!! be our strength in weakness oh God!
may the souls of the faithful departed Rest In Peace
Wings
Ugghh here we go breida is down
Ahhh I hope so because it would be pretty stupid Can going on a date with that trash!!!!
I miss these moment, series and character TY
RT La Sagrada Familia ...Breath Taking .
.
.
.
.
.
.
My TL is blessed
Amen my friend. As long as the friendships live in the heart,true friends shall never part. I
Just win baby
Great post! Thanks
Keep Sanders !
There are the type of games the rams lose a star to injury on tough division games everytime gotta take care of business and stay healthy
Agree! Now please god tell us you and are going to appear at some point this season?
What an asshole!
tired.
could the presenters be any more Hamilton biased?! When are you getting rid of EJ?!
thank you!
Let us remember Kaduna in our prayers.
Mai Jhoot Nahi Bolta Hu...
Mai Pradhan Mantri Nahi Hu
Amen Michael!
you deserve this stay strong fam! you got this
You have alot of stuff but have no power to cast out demons and can't heal the sick I will take the power to
Np you are free to do whatever you want okay we all do have hard times
to you and all who are associated coach!
wait to do this
empatar.
This isn't related to the main subject at all but
Fun fact : this
Was waiting for a flag.
So sorry
Thanks to MO, I forgot to tag, my bad
Breida has been going through so much, it hurts to see how much damage he battles through
Sending Healing prayers & love to you all during this devastating time
My heart is broken with you all
I treat em with loyalty
Amin
My people thank you alot.
don't fail me now
I miss these moments, series and characters TY
Meditation is ON TONIGHT!
7 pm !
372 Fullerton Ave Newburgh!
$10
Being a friend or
Sony Michel left the Pats game early with an apparent knee injury
I just gotta bag this job..... so I can move forward. Lord please watch over my interviews
Screen bitte
Thank you
Will do just waiting for carbs from ultrasonic cleaning and rejeting to run with pods fingers crossed it will fire up
Sending prayers
a true inspirational leader
Hahaaa god bless you my child
God please provide for my boyfriend
Thank you I love his smileNice
OR STOCKINGS?
You the man great performance as always, please dont retire in 2 or 3 fights
phone numbers
Ink My Whole Body
Real Estate
PLEASE help me get to follow me !!
FINALLY I'm crying
can we all make a plan to go in 2019?
Greetings, brethren Jolly-good day, my dear fellow! How goes it, good friend? Is that you, John River's cuz'
Mon p'tit autel Jojo's
so beautiful woman have a nice day and take care.
Summertime should be here for the rest of October
Praying we get this new apartment, so nice
Pleeeeeease include us in your tour of the UK! got so lifelong fans here too
We are still breathing.
Alhamdulilah
Better days ahead
Sony Michel left the Pats game early today with an apparent knee injury
1:0 92nd, A Form incoming
Stay strong
I wish one day will reply me or at least say something
Please
Please
Please
Please
this is really good news; great to see previously struggling regions blossom
Please
Please
So happy for you TaeTae. Keep doing on what you love. Were here for you to support as always.
Please
Please
please end...
fangirling over this, I love your content thanks for the follow
Our prayers are with you bro
wow I was not expecting the weekend before my osce to be this unproductive duahs are needed
I Dont believe in Kings
I Believe in the kingdom
When does Neo Yokio season 2 drop boss?
Hoping its on solo album that comes out later this year
Lord bless me with a hotdog
Namaskara Sadguru living in Melbourne, Australia.
1)While doing Rotations around the
I think about him every single day, I love him with all my heart
in peace in purple paradise now.
He loves you.
Thank you hoss
I'll say a little prayer tonight.
Hellll Yeahh!
Que llegue ya Halloween por favor
speedy recovery . Get well soon
speaking this into existence
You have been on an amazing mission that won't forget... Thank You So Much!
No matter what I like your passion, hunger and humanity!
It's more important than anything
Thanks!!! I have found
Greatest parson in india apko mera Salam
Thank you and yes, keep it at Lisiate
Please let's us say a prayer for Obidi
dude. you're awesome, thank u for drawing good stuff like this
I wish sis, I wish
Yassssss Song and Collab of the year
Blessed week ahead
Yeah played 2 won 2 need one more for gold 2
Good lord
My last rt wow 106 God blessed him for all the good he did. Saving so many lives
Amazing run in Moscow! So happy for u
God grant him mercy and may He hold both him and family in His hands.
Thank you
Be my peace baby If you want leave, then you can leave baby I sleep baby so street baby So low key baby
i receive. Thank you
Absolutely
Defo - big sam just scratched his arse / chewing his fat face off , hoping for a point
Merci poto !
Santo Mancha
LOVE to YOU ALWAYS
als spirit animal
So happy that you guys have safely completed another leg of your tour! Safe travels, please
Sorry for your loss
This video is even more relevant now than ever before.
Mauro Icardiiii. Madrid needs this gun man
This also makes me SUPER happy!! Thank you so much!!
Kindly follow back sir
That part hopefully today is the day tho!! lol
Something I desire
You won't loose her, the Lord's healing is on her IJN
Very well said.
Pls even ruin eba for me
Amala however deserve my sympathy nor protection.
God got something planned it for me very big coming very soon i feel it
that there is a winner on Tuesday, October 23, 2018 in the Mega Millions jackpot...so I can stop buying lotto
The original
Looking forward to it
thank u so much Ada
buss it down OUT NOW!!! on go run dem
Please help fund my future
I didnt know I needed a my hero abridged. Thank you.
Stay up Everything happen for a reason. He got you
Good luck Sir you deserve the best of careGod bless
Sir. thank u
I love your jersey and hat Trasi It was good luck for the You have to wear them during
Thank you so much, my friend!!
If you think hot, you should see my man
enJOY your
And this from our national airliner hope you get sorted
rt to raise awareness
Amin
How about getting Android Auto working and instead of 9.5 out of 10, make it a 15! My wife adores her car, but desperate for AA.
Debator, arguer, Mr I must stand out.
You fall my hand that night sha, but Muhs says nothing but good about you. So we good
Here's to a full and speedy recovery We'll see you back on the court again soon.
No matter what I like your passion, hunger and humanity!
It's more important than anything
Thank you for this
I'm not diffident and I'm not bad
You do not only know me !!!
Welcome to my
Assez
C'est la
Yes thanks amen
thanks my friend!
God, please don't
what a story for you and me bro, life always surprise me.
It will be nice to
Hay esperanza muchachos...
Word
I hope all your dreams come true my love i love you so much
i wish it was this easy
OMGG I want to see the this moviee. I hope they will take you. FIGHTING!!!!
Damn the flood in Trinidad is insane , praying for my family & friends
No matter what I like your passion, hunger and humanity!
It's more important than anything
Gracias por aclararlo
YKWTFGO
No matter what I like your passion, hunger and humanity!
It's more important than anything
Stream Work For
Hd:
Feedback is Cool
Thanks for the mention! kjelili1: SweetMOMdee ladonsyl naijaplayboi seunokin Why sprite, just curious pls
American people love president trump
Oh thank you
ur comin tweeps will giv us answers buh for now lets jus pray for u n u gona b fine In shaa Allah ....
For sure, please let me know once you know your coming around!
Hopefully
for another Browns tie. Because why not?
The hardest thing is to say bye to my lil human. May the Lord protect him on his way back to SA.
DESTROY THE LA DODGERS please I can not stand Puig or Machado!!!! Those 2 need to be humbled
Happy! Time to go to bed
Thank God for the day
Lah yjib li ygol l7e9
Le high five du retard
Thanks for everything Coach , shame can't treat you better.
Good luck for your career , we'll miss you.
Thanks Malcolm!
This week i lost you and missed telling you i scored a hat trick r.i.p John
Game day with the family
i love him i m proud fans n support him...always
may the odds be in our favor.
Worried and Praying for Devotees , the way media has been moved out I fear Police
REST iN and Thank You for leaving another Gem for the fans and the world - Cry Alone -
Actions Have Consequences
the_children_of_africa Just in case y'all forgot This Brother wasn't arrested or
JOLIE
NOTRE BOSS VRAIMENT TOUTES CES BELLES
ET GRACE A TOI PHIPHI
You just blessed it. Lawd
Shared..will pin this to my profile too
open!
Thanks everyone for all the support
Golfclub
Love the quote Coach
blessed to play in the worst division in football
Lol any fan knows no RBNY penalty is a given. Based Kaku spared us the agony though
My luv tae ye aw! Wee Jess, like Jeff, wis a lite oan my timelion. my hart go oot tae ye
God we are pleading
OMG so beautiful woman have a pretty Domingo Xoxo Greetings from Mexico Kat.
.Bobby GoLd.
Name still holds
Bless Up Gee.
profite
Oh my god! this video! my womb is literally pulsating watching this! am I right girlies
I'm obsessed with this
Uhm you f*cking too! Thank u
Aminnn
Hopefully this will all be worth it.
2018 The best year ever
AlhamduliAllah
Thank you Mr Alpharad
Je suis pas satisfait mais merci bg
thanks my friend!
Please stream, need something to do on a Sunday.
Please drop starfire
God bless
Thanks for your prayers. doing the work.
Nation Wide Hit
Welcome back
Cricket kabbadi fb nba Itna multitalented aaj taak koi na dekha bhai
Amen
Scary stuff! He's not mucking about is he? COYG Ten on the bounce!
Hola , i miss you , this wkithout you is not the same , get online !
Can't wait for this jewel to be released in November always delivering great and
FanArt-@SlenderGamesHD
30 min
Free
y
I'm sorry. Please stay strong.
Her smirkimg face as she does it too. God save us from Sturgeon and the SNP.
Thanks
Im gonna be sick. Thank you Jabril Peppers
Mad appreciation for Kota and the real music he makes
Go check out "Colorado", trust.
Tomorrow is Ojo Aje (Monday) ...Oluwa your Blessings on me and everyone else read this
The most sensible and intelligent take on the issue every place have certain rules.. we may like or may not
I'm so sorry Hatice. Wishing you much love, strength & peace.
We pray this is not happening!
Actually Di .. v hve lot to learn frm Sir ... Respect ..
and how r u Di ??
October Was An Amazing Month , But I Already November Is Going To Be A Hard Month For Me Lord , Please Help Me To Make It Through
My thoughts and prayers are with family .RIP
22H!
Count on it.
Wanna ask everyone to please say a short prayer for my grandma today
Thank you
Cheick Tiote. Waha, repose en paix
Please
Please
Please
Please
Merci pour ce magnifique concert
Thank you
Breakdown please
Thanks Liz - God Bless Still working on it... Lots of connections to post still, a major Rabbit hole...
Gracias coach
this is so cute
thank u
More Scary and love you boo
I got dicked hard. Thank you sex gods
Please help by signing this petition
S.V.P aidez en signant cette
Sdv pleaaseee
Someone who can sit down with you and drink beer is the type of woman you need in your life
Sundae Sundays have a great week everyone
Thank you, Jennifer.
flattered.
Fantastic Shweta thank you
This is a legit BANGER. Nice one guys
One day I'll have flawless skin
OMG RETWEET TO SAVE LIVES
Hola , i miss you , this without you is not the same , get online !
Follow me Twitter and my instagram fitteaonline
My condolences. May his soul rest in peace
this an ideal result tho? Browns cover and praying these Ls finally get that idiot Hugh fired
I get lost at the beginning & somehow I got to the end praise his name I preached
Thank you for sharing Shannon. Brought tears to my eyes.
Thank you Iris
Thank u Ryan we are so happy that you like our EP. For us it's incredible to see
We need to keep donating. But, we (laity) may have to become the (moral) authority of the Church, soon!
God help the people of Kaduna
We need this money
Brilliant Thanks
Omg...beautiful back
Early morning thoughts... Sir Raaaaams..ehihihi.. pahirit naman po ng aldub Plus aldub together on tv
Blessed sunday to all
When you know someone loves you they feed you too bad I eat this the thought that count
Praying for a safe journey for the migrants
Sorry for ur loss
Join us
Itll pay off keep goin man
Thank you
Dear Ayyappan, please keep your devotees safe.
Blessed Sunday to you too Sir
super proud of you jus happy to see people I started with shutdown places!!!!
God bless you
No worries Love you too Sue
Chosen one my folks depend on me to make a way
I EDM christinasetliff
flashgearfootwear edmwag
Uffff que cringeeeeeeeee
Te compadezco amigo Fer
still waiting on the day when I log in and scream my lungs out seeing you on my followers list please follow me, i love you
shuu dankie atleast. Lol
kaosane ke tla on your dm, please prepare dinner and supper
geceler
Congrats to both of you guys for your teams going to the World Series
Thx U Dear Sista Felicia and U are Blessing!
Love this
the_children_of_africa Just in case y'all forgot This Brother wasn't
Hopefully he turns up safe
Cagle deserves this !
Rest and recharge.
Have a blessed Sunday. Tony is at work, I was at church & lunch and relaxing now with a nice movie.
Squad Goals Achieved
Get this win in memory of Rich!
Bless you and all beautiful people
so happy for you amazing and deserve to get through. Much love
Rip Big X Song coming soon
diss
Donn Famous
Support X
Lord, bigay nyo na saken tong last weeks ng october please
Peace in the world
GEM SPACE TICKETS NEEDED TY
LiveMe-Live broadcasting community
thank you helping me start each day with a smile and a warm heart. Appreciate it more than words can adequately say.
My life merci
Life take nothing for granted...Count your Blessings
been a great Sunday so far
Thank you so much for your support guys
So much appreciated
Milagre senhor Roger
It's just simple as that...
.
.
Cry me a river oppressive transfobic shit. Witheid strikes again.
Thanks kind Ilse. Enjoy the rest of evening and catch you on here tomorrow. Good night kind friend . Much to you
That really sucks bro, keep ya head up and keep makin her proud, prayers
I'm glad to be alive
This is wonderful
Something important to me is happening at my job this Wednesday night at 7 and love for to come out
Happy birthday hito had to bring it back a little keep up the good work out there bro
thank u evil dead scholar 4 helpin me
Hamdoullah pour les 3 points contre le MCO
Thank you
Please
Please
Please
Please A Driver In
Thanks
Please
Please
Please
Please A Driver In
Yes they sure work hard
Very kind of you Dr Amer, thank you very much!
Thanks bro
Thanks for your support as well
CONTE IN
Thank you
Kindly Retweet
congrats my man
Muitas preces por isso
It sure is
And what a Job John Turturro did imitating ...
He was the best thing in that drama by
welcome
Thanks to those who voted Interesting to see how a turn in the market changes trading habits with 70% trading
..such a moving version
I can't define how proud I am of you. Love you B.
In sha Allah five yrs time this people who are standing agaist imran khan will eat
God bless grown women and their right to choose
I usually take a hot shower && then get nasal spray along with vapor rub. Lol then get some snacks
Please your report now suspended account KRISTAL SILVA is account fake.
and you my special Ally. Xxx
Thank you
Incredible story
Goodmorning Day 2. Thank you Lord for this day.
Will pray you find soon.
Para todas !!!
Stop the floods Lord
kindness man. Its first for a reason there
You saved my life last year and now you just made my year. Appreciate you for everything
Chaley the Lord has been good and I can only be thankful
If anything I want genuinely is to be happy and peace of
Less stress and more of everything
Too busy for vacays.
But...
Somewhere hot and sunny
One more yellow.
But self awareness is
sigourney1kame_volleysgtg with get_repost
It was to meet this Guest Speaker
Yes! Please! I wanna start planning and buying tickets
May I never fumble it
Awwwwww! Come on, people, pre-order NOHO GLOAMING by and give the poor man some !
Sir. thank u
Can you please make it so you can cancel Gestures! I always do gestures while capturing
Shalom
Love this Matt
I'm hoping they win when I go to Nashville
God bless you hope you comeback to Spain soon
A bug thank you to all these awesome people join in on the next
THANK YOU for sharing Glad it resonated with you
You are forgiven rock on and keep doing what you r doing
please.
GEM SPACE TICKETS NEEDED TY
LiveMe-Live broadcasting community
Life is just some of the emotions resulting from attitudes and experiences
This week to be the hardest week of my life the ANXIETY!!
Praying for a breakthrough please please please
Love my team congrats to my big bro and his wife wait until my nephew is born
howdy. i'm the sheriff of folded hands
thank u
big congrats to our king
time to celebrate!!!
Pray before you sleep
never using the phrase starving to again. Praying for my uncle
thanks
Watch my midseason highlight tape from game 4 to game 6 I hope you guys like it
Before God send you in a Battle, He already prepare YOUR weapon and Armour.
Now, it's your responsibility to put and take it on.
Choose Your Friends Wisely
Hope you all had a beautiful weekend.
.
Tak for RT
Thanks
You're the real MVP
Sending for a quick recovery.
Omg I hope you guys are ok!!
FOR APPOINTMENT 714 631-3556
We love you Master-nim. We will always include you in pur prayers. Thank you for your hardwork
So sorry for your loss.
FOR APPOINTMENT 714 631-3556
Looking to join Please send me an invite. via
Please
Please
Please
Please Basic Training
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please Basic Training
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Life is just some of the emotions resulting from attitudes and memories
We stand next to you
Sorry for your loss Prayers and condolences brother
Best thing about is when my bfs mom makes food
God will lay his healing hands on her
European if that helps
I hated that exit plot...but 100% sure that it was a
THANK YOU
Lui? .. Fate largo a Modric..
YAYALIM
Thank you bro
God is the answer.
Oh, this is tragic...!
Condolences to the family and friends are in order here !
May the
Thank you!
Turkce Repin Krali Efsanesi
Just do it
Get yours in bio now
Free worldwide shipping
.
.
.
.
i think my bus just hydroplaned on the highway so rip
Each of them covers a large part of my heart, I love you so
Heart breaking
493 Follower
Thank you so much everyone! That is such a great present!
Mini Round
$20 x 10 Slots
2 Slots Get Mains
3 Slots Get Sattys
Please Retweet
make this happen.
Went through this same thing in January. I wish you all the best. Stay strong.
Dear may we please...
and put a moratorium on immigration, until
Bless em Pastor
+1 irmao
Ouch for wins in a couple of weeks
Yo this is so crazy Rest In Peace to the homie
Some people know how to rock the jersey
Can you please do the weeknd&bella thank you !!
Hey everyone, and we have now give her a warm welcome
Good innovation.. and hopefully you will get the funding..
Feel better Araksaya. Prayers for your well being.
Everyone take time out of your busy Sunday to pray for former Los Angeles Lakers player Tyler Ennis.
He
Winston us so a crapy QB, almost lose against a rookie ... Put back Fitzpatrick
Please oh please oh please
DAY of 58 add your wish or comment & the best will be retweeted
O Jinyoung sou eu chegando nas lives qnd dando tchau. +5min please
Your support will be much appreciated
Still hoping
SuperHD blew my mind! Thank you
Same, was thinking that last week too. That kind of sibling support is beautiful Awful to know not everyone gets that
Bless his heart and may he RIP What a caring man
I'm literally using this to improve my focus! Which reminds me I needed to mail something
All round success
God bless this week
Happy Born Day Queen Carter. One of the dopest in Chicago straight facts
Praying
(Nos dejado sin palabras)
The beginning of the f***ing WIC IX
My boy!!! only the beginning!!!
Thank you. My heart has been heavy all week.
Hoping it gets better this week.
Ya Allah
This money that people always see in me,
Please I need it
Thank you so much very nice episode you really made our evening ..
Met and talked with that is one legit and real dude! Much love!
R.I.P Brandon My heart goes out to all your family and friends their in our prayers
And a good morning to you goddess I hope you have a wonderful day
Insallah abim iyi geceler
Tyler, the only good thing from last night was you getting your wish. God be with you and your family.
for eternity & not the vanities of this life. Have true faith & trust in the - Beautiful service
I'm super hype for the civil war reaction!! will you post it soon? It's almost midnight where I'm
Please Retweet
Thats encouraging.
Thanks for tweet!
Ameen ya Allah
Those snaps last night were great man...
You have a message! Whether you just want to improve your focus, make a
I am not a problem ijn
Ty all .,.
Was a great show
Inshalalh tomorrow is Better
From your tweet to ear Walter
Happy birthday babies I hope you get what you want I hope you get to stay in your
welcome to the USA
Just follow the law and apply legally
If you enter
Wish I had money to get dat crispy PC
Thanks for sharing this.. thousands of devotees are there.. Salite from UP. Swami Sharanam..
Just Awesome
And True as well
Sana mere pass words nahi Hain kehny ko lekin request Hai Meri plz stop this Elsa tum say bhi
I never get tired of watching this. Legend!
Night night sweet dreams - thoughts & with Sunnee and all those who are ill
As can tell obsessed with bad bunny one day I will get to met u one day
Asking for good thoughts and vibes for my grandma and my family. Much appreciated
Modi is our North Indian Ayyappa. Savior of our Indian Dharma.
Please
Please
I need you to make these in sizes to fit women my size
Namaskara living in Melbourne, Australia.
1)While doing Rotations around the
Please
Please
Thank you very much, Nia! Your meaning means a lot to me
Croton-on-Hudson, New York
Report Later! Thy will be done
Yes sir. Amen
Please
Please
Please
Please
Thank you
Never stop being a dreamer
Please
Please
Taking spinning back kicks
Pray For Mexico USA Thank President Trump For Great Relationships With Mexico on this invasion
If I could just save them myself Would I wish I could so I need you to help keep them from becoming
I hope you can it needs urgent help, food and water
Please let Dak return
It's Botho University this Friday.Get your Ticket
YES
In Jesus Name, Amen!
Everyone please rotate
Unbearable
OUTRAGEOUS
So sorry little Clover
Will keep fighting for u
Hey!!
If you decide to repost any of my threads, please remember to give credit , by either tagging me in the
Started packing for Chicago, I may have my together by Friday morning
It's packing up good news for me
there isn't enough words to describe how amazing this is.
Well done
This week.
Let's go.
Done and done! Thank you
So much positivity for the rest of the year and 2019 Thankful!
Today... we are enemies,
Gl.
Lol He went to church this morning
that means gunna be EXTRA sassy
I want to Chinese food with you plz
Bless thanks for sharing!
Prayers please
Yes please Goddess You very much
Surely!!!
Beldum event done if you enjoyed, played and caught beldum Screenshot please hit like special thanks for
Thanks,fam
I kno this feeling
I do love this scene so much wish you have lots of love and stay in peace stay
Love love love St has a special place in my heart. Light a candle for me
Blessings on blessings my love. And to many
Song by of course.
If you
Buff the Two Tailed Fox
GRACIAS MI PADRE AMADO POR TODO
Good morning, Monday!
Good morning AldubMDEast ! May you enjoy the blessings
and favor of God today.
just found your music and v much enjoying it.
Yes please !
Hello it is 4:03pm and I am still hung over alcohol is literally poison. why.
I'll do even better. I will not follow
Thanks
Hell yeah brother. Not too much longer
abla iyi geceler
Hmmmm bosss.. We pray
I too caught one at cd, my first one
Tomorrow is Ojo Aje (Monday) ...Oluwa your Blessings on me and everyone else reading this
Who wants me to preach to them about soul ties
Mercy
Oh Father, grant that my children & all children of the world be full of mercy & compassion as you are
Fly like a bird
So thankful for my work
Photo with yesterday . Thank you.
A message for every person just think what you are doing.
Today felt like a dream! Beyond blessed!
i gotta ticket for the Mac tribute on Halloween , on the Balcony can get me in the pit
Praying Art gets better very soon sending him hugs & from the u.k
Likewise....Preciate the love man 1000x
God is good all the time.
Bye WOMAN! YOU ARE EVIL.. YOU COME FROM A SPECIAL PLACE IN HELL... FOR ETERNITY!
If you have a party can I come?
It brings up SO many emotions doesn't it?
Excited
scared
stressed,
fearful,
thankful,
tired,
iPhone XS Max for sale
HMU!!
Please rt my customer might be on your tl
Please
Please
Please
Please
Merci
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Amen
Lol. Everyone says I look young just blessed and thankful
We all deserve to be happy
So Cool!! Thanks for sharing this book!!
You guys were ace! No matter what you came accross you took it head on like proper hero's
God bless from scotland Corey Georgex
I badly need your help guys Please click the photo then hit any reactions (please bitaw ni) It would be a big
una noche
gracias
Ahhh only just seen this (quite crap at Twitter ) - but my how lovely, thank you! Hope you the rest of it as much
My baby never fails to surprise me oil change and car detail grateful
I hope it will get better for you Courier, and if I can be useful by any means please message me at any time
I would be interested! Even if it is digital only, it would be nice to have more ultraman comics
Life is always better with friends - to new and our fantastic RTers
When you hear a message that was perfectly made for your current situation
Sundays are for waking up at 11am and taking 4-hour depression naps at noon
It's always live on my mobile nowadays , stay close , stay informed
BELIEVE in yourself. Dare to be GREAT. Live your life on PURPOSE.
Finished it was easy and I loved this event even if it's the most painful thing in the world
iggy azalea got that fuzzy wuzzy Take care, -flippo
just a beautiful song
Hope the boy is going to be fine
phil .... we need to go to a game please mate
We can only hope so
The Killing Joke
No never heard of it
Comeback with some original arguement next time
Hey They say good things take time.
That's why I'm always late
Do the world a favor please
Wow my tweet was quoted by ?? truly humbled
Thank God she still alive
Double wahala for..... ( In fela's voice)..... I pray God keep you
Very true
Rest with the angels God bless you.
Prayers up for who suffered a horrific leg injury playing overseas.
Thanks and likewise! Amazing and gratifying what we all can learn from each other.
Agreed we must lift them in prayer and support
Wheels up!!
Fresh storms coming in over Hinze Dam. We're just managing to stay ahead of them
Thank you
God Bless these people
he really sucked the whole night tbh good thing you could help us out
R.I.P to her bro. God bless you.
I'm sleeping very happy tonight... I'm super excited olorun anu...mo mu ope mi wa
Thank you
Reposting
One of my favorite verses.
Fantastic licensing of Rev Gill this evening so great to see and be part of a new season of hope in Rochdale
A little more epicness 2018 opening night, thanks again
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Praying for a changkyun or hyungkyun photocard this album
Thanks Hun x I'm going to get a biscuit all this chat has made me hungry x x
Haitian restaurants I beg you.... please work on your customer service if I make arrangements for my food to
Bravo
hope we can find a cure. Vote red . . Amen
No worries and you need to thank me. Happy New Week to you as well my friend.
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Good Lord, give me strength
Please
Please
Please
Please
Thanks
Please
Please
Please
Please
The love boat, dinner at the captains table foal 1980s style lamb shank onion gravy
Next themed party ideas - pick one
Suggest other ideas below
The most entertaining debate seen!
Thank you
Respect Sir that's the Hallmark of a great leader
Someone should please just use style to bless me with little cash any amount is really appreciated
3119135601 first bank
All I know is, glad innocent bystanders in the middle of it. ( not.) It gets barbaric when
Just one, enjoy your salad tomorrow and sleep tight, thanks for the smiles night night x
Take care
Oct
Blessed
Welcome to the club of Wise-blessed accounts.
me again! for the last time! may i cc to jisoo, please?
Someone please sort a few tickets for November 23rd Newcastle
I have the same issues Jess, trust me I feel your pain.
Dat new kommercial is incredible & inspirational I been following & being inspired by
hope good news
Hello PLEASE come support GIRLS LACROSSE
bless ty
Hey... Thanks... Ditto...
Amen
Per l'Italia
thankyou for the follow
Truth is no negotiable
Wish me luck :')
We all pray for different things of this world
1st day
Muazzam
Congratulations both of you
London say aye hai Khabar
Eik Pappi Idher
Eik Pappi udher
Tum logon say Naaaa Ho Payee
Beat the
Orlando beats Columbus
Keep the alive
Crazy How fast time goes my little newborn is now a 2 year old crazy little boy
God always answers our prayers in different ways. God is good
Hello
Please subscribe to our channel and share it
Thanks
Thanks Orlando!
Once again our hearts are full of gratitude from all the support we received last night at our Second Anual
DIFUNDIR POR FAVOR
We're here if you'd like to chat further. We hope with time you'll consider giving us another try
Bless you for taking one for the team!
Always appreciate the kind words my friend
Receive health IJN
. bless.
Thank you, Coach!!
Coach atau pelatih??
Eh, Coach itu pelatih. -Eddie-
"Oh baby, baby it's a wild world..."
So sorry
and welcome to the club
Tony Romo, get down from that booth & play please
Haha! Thank you Was such fun xxx
Beyond proud
ARE YOU READY TO TAKE YOUR MUSIC TO THE NEXT LEVEL?
SERIOUS ARTIST ONLY
GET BLOGGED
INTERVIEWED
& SHARED
My words for you today
Gud Ngt, Jai shri ram.
Very motivational for me
Thank you Lord!
I wish actually saw my tweets amazing woman, so humble.
Cooky thank you for this ga
Get well soon
.
Dig what you see and hear? Go check me out please ! My links are in my profile bio...
Email me at
Big thank you, my dear friend! Have a splendid, magical night with enchanted dreams you, too,
Please don't make it a bad day
Se la tierra otra vez
First time playing ball with guys who are all 6ft+. But I schooled them despite having 0 conditioning since August
Merci
Thank you so much but she don't love them
BLOCKED PUNT SAFETY!!!!
Let's hope it's with us
Happy birthday to iKON's leader Kim Hanbin Be happy and healthy all the time please We love you
Show love for my brother Today less give him all the support
Tony Romo, get down from that booth & play please
EVERY GISING IS A BLESSING!
Please
Please
Please
Please
Know that every breath is a fresh start.
Please
Please
Please
Please
goodnight stay blessed
Welcome to the club of Wise-blessed accounts. It was also my proudest moment!
Hell yeah, Sarah! So honored that is jumping on board. Thank you!
Amen
thanks for the thread! my name's lio, im a transmasc y. adult living on the east coast who does
I agree and will do what I can to assist.
are you girls doing meet and greet for next years tour?
God Bless you & your family Trey!
Gregeett yo
New beat! Tribute To J Dilla | Instrumental Beat Prod By.Shorty Rumble\Inna Att... via
thank you
Thank you
I N T E G R I T Y
Woah... Suncity
God will be with us on 11/6! We must win - Get Out in front of the people!! God bless!!!
Nooo that's awesome. Thanks!!
At last someone I can have NBA banter with.
Thanks for listening, my man
thanks for being a friend.. I always follow back
It never seems to be on when I visit. Maybe there will be one when I'm down for a month at Christmas.
Please
Please
Please
Please Raspin
thank you
Stay humble
Stay grateful
1:1 against its been a very exhausting week but I think we showed some good cs! hopefully it will be enough later ggwp
|| hi everyone
Please vote on this and help me out
Thank you I want to thank you
Prayers for and her family
I regret posting this photo no longer finding sarcasm/humor on this story. Apologies
let me get a refund for the terrible service this weekend, thanks
I am do, so sorry for your lost. So heartbreaking. Sending your way for you to find peace.
Thanks
Thank you i have no choice if i want to leave asap i have to graduate this year
I hope you are right
geceler
GOD Forever
Thank you
Holy moly! We just hit 2000 likes on our Big V Store facebook page! thank you sooo much for all your love
I heard all cries and concerns now I will decide on what I know makes me happy
she gets better soon. And stays that way.
think Larson is gonna make it. But Truex might make the round of 8!!
Take time to read
Much respect to u Joe! Helping people! God Bless!
I turned on the gay string lights above my bed for good luck for my favourite ladies. It better work.
bro you and made a hit - "Star Signs". Thanks
If your willing to name your price of go much you want begging
Okay here it is, moment of truth Go Marin!
Ayyyy 60 followers thank you
Means Good
hang in there doc
Preach
All the best, God is with you
I next year though I have school :( maybe next next tour! praying
por favor...
You, the best of my thoughts. xo
Red Spartans cheer up kaya natin to!!
Can I just be a ruminant animal this night, just this night
Thanks good to know.
you should do a giveaway where whoever wins gets a free food card pls
Can put
Thank you
Thank you I appreciate it I'm glad you enjoyed it I hope sees it at some point
Let's hope for the best
... reminds me of a song I used to know: "Nothing good comes easy, nothing makes it fast ..."
Stay strong Best wishes from Greece
We must accept finite disappointment, but lose infinite
I can always count on you to bless both my timeline and notifications.
Please
Please
So sorry for your loss...My deepest sympathy...May your husband Rest In Peace. I will
Thank you Love you guys!!
Please
Please
Aww I am sorry :( I'll keep your dad in my prayers , memories sometimes are very powerful let
why America is prosperous again.
Let's Pray for Kaduna
thanks for your existence
What a blessing you are to others, you are the hands and feet of God. God bless you.
Nope
HOPE that it stays 7-0 and they wake up at half time
calling all the pytoncides and all the saints and angels ilhoon called that helped to scam us all
know you can do anything through christ
Thanks Ben, means a great deal to me - just boarded the coaches to take us to
Bruh...we get this F'n win next sat shit is gonna get weird
Thanks
God Bless this fine man and his family!!
Feel you
Yepp & GOD always the reveal the real before u even get at the TOP
Ptdr wallah je suis aller direct regarder mon score snap
Aku mau dia
Salamat, Ama!
Thank you Lord for another day.
They'll shut the f# up when they get bored angel we don't need people like this in our
by your glowing complexion every weekday morning
just got offers Zeke 4 my Mixon in standard? Would you pull the trigger?
Yes, I think we're pretty much all hoping..
The sober life is up. Thank you
still waiting on the day when I log in and scream my lungs out seeing you on my followers list please follow me, i love you
Take each moment at a time man.
I pity you-
Thanks Chris Still on way home Rest up you too
please upload one of my picture on Instagram and I will be grateful for life
I like the whole thing, it speaks to the people who are looking for the truth . Thank you
Uhhh that could turn out Bad. I hope it won't.
Setbacks only makes the messiah stronger
great performance on Bantu hour
Great job Jenn!
ThanQ Denise! Love you too. Home soon, God willing.
is a true labor of love, made by possible by the most amazing community overwhelmed and
Thank you
500 TD passes for Drew Brees.. Only 480 more to go for Trubisky
I'am happy too
Have fun and stay healthy
Love you
tryna be a professional nba 2k gamer bruh n a cannabis enthusiast
Hey ... Ke kopa the group link
our servers are fully up! Waiting to complete maintenance
Thank god today is Labour Day. Just made myself an Iced Coffee. So easy with Great on the
in the name of love
He isn't even aware of what he brings to my life he's a gooden.
And I can't wait to meet you!
Awwwww
Love itreally moving TYVM
the jacket you wore in the video at 1:58?
Feeling like cupid bc I introduced my friend to one of my coworkers I hope it works out
still waiting on the day when I log in and scream my lungs out seeing you on my followers list please follow me, i love you
Let us prey...
Bless him and his family. A great loss.
Say a prayer for father.
you have any login key for hma pro vpn
Thank you
Thank you Chad!!! I'll be saying a bit more about it tomorrow; I go in on Thursday. And my sweet
This is a gift
Please keep going justice will come out!! It has tooo!!!
still waiting on the day when I log in and scream my lungs out seeing you on my followers list please follow me, i love you
While I agree with your Muller prediction. I also im afraid of a very turbulent time in America. for America.
Living life to the fullest
PRAY FOR JESUS TO COME DOWN HERE AND PERSONALLY PRAY FOR US THAT THE BORDER STAYS SAFE, IN JESUS NAME!!!
He knows that trust me ... thanks you to xx
Or you can call on jesus. He will guide you and forgive you and heal you and fill you with peace and love.
I needed this can't wait!
Please
Please
Please
Please Get
Pretty terrible fam, but on the slow recovery
No words for you
so sorry for your pain! Hang in there!
Take me now
from now on when someone is going to bed imma say rip so they can rest in peace
Hope is the new Dope
All evil spirits operating in life, career I command out of my life in Jesus mighty name Amen
ORE pelo Brasil!
This shits to real
Can you follow me please please baby
is back
please sign Kaep already.
Michael Yerger is the king of thirst traps
Will follow back asap. Thanks
Awful tragedy. My father was on the 2pm earlier train...too close for words. Praying for all those involved
girls are everything
& ...
we started off as close into my girlfriend
Thank you I think we owe one another a phone call man lol
Like&Share Help me grow. Thank You
I hope thank you
hard tryna get when you love bad bitches too much
May the Israelites never set foot in Egypt again.
Back in the saddle! Sorry about this morning; had some technical difficulties lol
Please come by and show
fantastic voice over on BBC4 last night. Thank you
I love you so much, forever
Fingers crossed, I pray to win
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
I m with you!
Not doable? Trust ye in god and ALL things are possible if you have Faith.
Speedy recovery G. O. A. T
Please
Please
Happy Monday lets pray na lang have faith tuloy ang laban
Amen My hopium toking brother!!!
Thanks for this,
Fuck yes. We have Wells, Caitlin, Cisco and Ralph all in this episode
Job well done so far
Guys someone did it lol thank you
Very wack and cheap award... I can even do the photo_CUPPY easily with a printer... Just kidding though
Very disturbing tweet. Report this people, hope he gets the help he needs
I'm sorry.
I'm voting BLUE and I'm voting for BETO.
Mexico, going back home. Big thanks to everyone who made this trip an incredible one Specially
Only one Paladin left! If I can get Keith painted this week, I'll have the full set with me at Rai Con.
You welcome mone Really cool
Happy to have made the production cut!!!
Last Cherry out now on all platforms!!!
Thanks for the feature SOUND ON ( Quick Note: None of the featured patients in the documentary are my
Man I hope you went Burton
Huge S/O to for everything Stay tuned for more
Family is always first bro there will be dozens of to come and go. Prayers and much love to you and your fam Nick
I am new here guys, please be nice to me
Ciddi en zirve shipimsiniz
is perfection
LIVE LIFE TO THE BEST Paramus, New Jersey
Like&Share Help me grow. Thank You
Same here!! I really hope a high Democrat turn out for midterms
I need prayers for my best friend, please. Prayers or whatever you may do. Thank you
Bro I knew it would turn out Keep grinding, your time will come!
Hello please help me activate a 2G wawu plan on 08040160667
May Allah ease everything
And i love you wish you happy time in the samba
It makes me so happy that is big enough to play during the NFL games. now see him to the Super Bowl please.
Nice one
Retweet please
Praying for sad to see anybody go out like this. Wishing for a speedy recovery.
beautifully said RIP grandpa
Please
Please
Please
Please Pete's
Please
Please
Glad to see better.
Someone play gambit with me please
Pray for Kaduna
Thank you God
While I agree with your Mueller prediction. I also im afraid of a very turbulent time in America. for America.
he was arrested in Chicago!
thank you coach!
You tagged the wrong person. Its
Appreciate it
Thanks for the follow.
HERE YOUR BRAND APPEARS in Jesus we trust 016 99318-2533
This makes my heart happy thank you
How do I open up second screen so I can look a different trading times ? Thanks
Praying for you
Please
Please
Please
Please Pete's
Done cashapp: $lexreimold15 please bro you a saint
wow, so after all that flooding Trinidad was still hit with an earthquake? We're so blessed here in SLU.
Shri Padmanabha Swamy Temple, Kerala
Great example of Engineering Marvels .
my goal is to be at twitchcon next year
Needed to hear them "Tha Boyz"
Thank you!
merci
Amen
Assalamualaikum sobat2ku
Amen Thank you God
I receive this in Jesus name
We must accept finite disappointment, but lose infinite
Will be back in TO after there Western Canada Northern Ranger CD Release Tour. Will keep you informed. Thank you
Tha not wrong... Praying
Only been with dolls for a little over a month, and I'm already a manager
be kind to animals
Grazie.. Julio Cesar you are an inspiration to me loved being GK when playing football because of you.
After reading this, I Have to say I agree
Hope all is well bro
Bruh. Try refund the rest of the money. He made a mistake.
One night I prayed to God..
I asked you please remove my enemies from my
And before I knew
How freeing and exciting
Exactly
Amen to that
2019 is gonna be one hell of a fuckin year boy. bae good, coop good , bro good , im good,
so happy that they could enjoy The beauty of paris Thanks you a lot
I'm so fucking ready to travel after I graduate. I want to get out and claim myself back
Bless up snr comrade
Ask for three times as much and then some!
I secured my bachelors in Public Health 2 years ago Public Health RN will soon follow stay tuned
Cheers
Share please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Sending all my love and to and Crush it tonight
Please
Please
Please
Please
Sonnnnn MIOSSSSS Dios me lo cuide siempre
Thank God everyone was okay!!! He will continue to provide ALL our needs, Amen
Prayers and condolences mate
trying to stay positive today.
Thankyou!
Bismillah mbak Ari
Photoshop. Would you by any chance have read the text??
& Thank you. Much appreciated.
Thank You to Everyone who came to My Birthday Parties... I appreciate you all
Yes ... so sad hope you are well many kids lost their life I hope to see them when my time to rest
God please me be among again
please keep us posted
Just thank GOD for what blessed you with
This is for sale on Need.
Amen love you too!
ur whole life revolves over x holy shit do something with yourself LMAOOO dead bro he got karma thank god
Brave warrior but I fear for her safety.
Thank you homie, the support is highly appreciated
Sorry babe I'm not.......
Wonderful review of in
Yes, can you please redo for when me and Anthony can go??!
Dia 2 tem Hollywood
Just to say... I LOVE YOU
BRAVO KIMI RAIKKONEN BELLISSIMO
Inspiring to have you back, Andre. Your dad was with you on that field. Be strong
NEED this in my life
Thank you though...
those of us of an age (I was 9) remember. My school donations sent a complete children's encyclopaedia set
you guys gotta get and Julio Gomez in a scene together
make this day a good one please.
Legends what a great time with those performers
Cannot wait to go home and sleeeeeeep
Da nun but work on ya
Thanks dude
Please make peace with
Help this wonderful simmer if you can
Oooh
is strength.
Thank you
Happy Birthday praying for the pursuit of your passions and that the financial stability follows it soon come
Thank you
wait to give my momma everything when older and successful
Please talk to me...
Thank you
Thanks brother!
Prayers up, stay strong
Roberson is next
Gracias Dios Mil Veces Gracias
I downloaded Amino and it's awesome
Here is the link
Don't forget to pray
Good job for my sis
Amin amin ya Allah. Thanks alot dear
What a fantastic weekend of footy!
are proud of our partnership with to
When the girls get roasted for nothing, a fan as to say something. Namaste
If you live in the boot and are not outside today lame! We all have been for a day like this for a
Thank you Mr. Wang for saving the Islanders, and keeping them as close to their home as possible, may you RIP.
Bring on the train
Please check out this morning.
Thank you all
Without awareness of the machinations of
This is awesome ! Where was the tournament?Congrats Heck of a stat Caleb !
I need thanksgiving break to come quicker
But you're not a new god to me... I've been praising you in secret for years
have a good day today
thank you and hope you enjoy the wine
thanks :)
sending all our love and know you where blessed to of had such an amazing son
I will do that insha Allah. Great idea. May Allah bless you
Hearing Rumblings that some one been dismissed from the team.. It's not true
Ya they are open on weekends only and i am away not in NJ. But esy na kia karen nazak dil b yahan haen khany k mamly mien
When the girls get roasted for nothing, a fan has to say something. Namaste
soo sad.... glad to hear recovering
Feeling very joyful today thought share the positivity :)
Happy Sunday everyone!
100# REAL NEWS
thoughts & prayers are with all the family & friends of family, such a shock to hear this terrible news
I still havent tasted till date.. I hope i dont post this anyday i will try it too.
Oluwa should bless me first
good to hear, stay strong rox and happy
Like Hawaii west? How far?...Safe travels
Please
Please
Done wish me luck
Top 10 favorite songs
Please
Please
Please
Please
Thank you
Show me love too, please
God bless in advance ( God please distract any village people that wants
Muchas graciasssss
I wish
Make War sha No start
Love lads more to come from us all
Maybe today is the day
First time flying alone
This is the only way to correctly listen to our record.
Haha thank you so much. Bus jaldi hojae
Peace be upon you all
So sorry for the sad News, take heart and I pray God will grant his soul eternal rest in the heavenly glory amen
Amen.
Last episode of S3
Baahubali type elevation
Once you go in, never go without.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
still terrible, on the east coast trying to watch the cowboys
so happy for you guys Astro is going to be pumped goodluck together
Hii please while you're at it. RT mine. Bless up
Keep it up family! Never stop chasing
Ma-discharge njd today thank you Lord for healing Paulo
Arasavalli Surya Mandir, Andhra Pradesh
It is a 7th-century AD Sun Temple at Arasavalli in Andhra Pradesh,
Sleep
Pray
Eat
Code
Repeat
Candelsticks plz must brake it down to pips
A prayer before you sleep, just by His grace
Damn. I hope it gets sorted out quick Delirious good luck
You too!!! Hope you have a blessed week!
The weekend goes by so fast!!!
Enjoy your
Thoughts & prayers are with all the family, such a shock to hear of the sad news. you will always be fondly remembered
What good people and that
i be thanking god im not dealing with a self centered, hypocritical, lying ass nigga anymore i couldn't deal.
GOD HIS WITH YOU BELOVED PRAYING GOD REST HER BEAUTIFUL SOUL AMEN
God is silent
Sois fort poto
and Thank you!!!! I will tell our story tomorrow but till then, thank you
Love you
Preicate it my brotha bouta be a journey
I saw that tweet earlier, I don't know him but hope beyond hope that the lad is OK.
Beautiful story of this last words. Thanks for sharing.
Anderson finds his loving furever home on his very first day in the adoption center
Come on Redskins!Lets get this W!
Nevertheless you're doing god's work here It looks clean!
Would love to meet you :) it was very sweet of them. Thankful
To all my day one niggas pree me!!
Yesterday at St. Padre Pio National Shrine Santo Tomas Batangas Philippines
Your vibe attracts your tribe
.
See you today for our Best Expo We will be here until 5pm
Thanks for that one bruh congrats on that first TD
Thanks!
Rustic Vibes. Photo Cred. mathieuestibals
/
I am so sorry for your loss. God bless you and your family
Praying.
Genuine enquiry: what is God's name, please?
prayers to those over in Taiwan
That Boy
MAY HE RIP MYGOES OUT 2 HS LOVE ONES RECEIVED MY SINCERE CONDOLENCES ALSO MY THOUGHTS&PRAYERS
can you or someone you know help here? Thank you
everybody go tell mostrequestedlive to play this song so it might get radio play!
This new collection is amazing! Congratulations for this new set! I love it!
Oh I love Harry Potter. Could we not ruin it like this?
Save drafts as many as you can
Priceless grace and blessings
Preach
Nah g this that teammate bond grind together shine together
Cali treated us good now god be with us on our way back
WOOOHOOO!!!
ABOUT TIME! LOL!
Lord can you help me demons takin over
start of another work week ugh please be good
Prayers
Respect
My only wish i love you
can you follow me please baby
It always is
Leaving the past behind mean that you bypass the internal work it takes to process the
It is well with her! I join my faith with everyone who has prayed for Mummy. be fine
I pray this festive season someone books to come to our small town.. That would be absolutely lit
Can't wait thanks for giving back
HERE YOUR BRAND APPEARS in Jesus we trust 016 99318-2533
Great hospitality on display this weekend. Thank you Ilan & Marina
At I
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Thank You Lord for journey mercies
Such an overused term but I honestly feel so blessed everything going the best it ever has
dude thank you! Just made my day!
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
the fanartists in this fandom are a blessing
awe so sorry for your loss for you and family during this time
We all need peace and love
May God continue to bless you in this new chapter
Come on man keep your head up
Everything happens for a reason trusting the process
Thank you to all who attended the The Blue Angels definitely were an amazing sight! We
Thank you
Revamp for i hope u like it!
Image HD:
Chris Harris Jr
Sometymes 'z Morning Tweet n Sometyme
Welcome
Gone but not forgotten rip respect and honour amen
the weather still hot man lol
Hope you had a good Sunday!!! It has gone by so fast! Have a good evening!
Have a great Monday!!!
I pray that POTUS has a plan to save us from this invasion!
to hope
I hope they did
Sorry friend feel better
Thank you so much coach! I appreciate all that done and continue to do for
AMEN SISTERS just because happy and happy with her body mean trying to rub it in your face
Damn straight darlin I was losing hope for a minute
My Peace Good is amazing
Thank you for getting that, Larrys, because Jebo might've been called offside.
mashing the
Amen
This weekend got me out of the college blues
happy birthday to you hun blessings now and always
So generous thank you
Thanks so much Jacqui and thanks for all your support
praying for a great week
Congrats on the win (and child of course). Hopefully you guys can contend.
Yeah they have some
Being a good person comes from your soul I believe that good in each and every one person! I refuse to
that McConnell holds true to his word!
GOP held both houses of Congress during first 2 years
Let go and Let God.
geceler
Huzura
Reposting myzentemple: - via Crowdfire
Silence your mind and find your inner-peace.
Hot damn that final Q&A was a riot. What a joy of a film and guests Dara and Sadia
Amor sem medida
em Jardim Eulina
Thank you
Sending and from
I want to be on that train !
An all expense trip to any country outside Africa
I'm so sorry to hear that! Be well and take care
Praying for His Family and Friends and His Brother Law Enforcement Officers
The realest experience is physical experience!
Amen and may he keep you and your family also
Literally the best show out rn
a literal goddess thanks for sharing your brilliance with us
I Received This IJN AMEN, Thx U Jesus!
Hi Kim awesome! It means a lot to me that been listening absolutely, drop you a message
Fight on Sherry. Love your courage.
I need to watch it still Thank you thank you thank you
Such a blessed weekend on all levels
gonna bust out in the second half now.
thank you.
O amor de Deus vale a pena
As beautiful as snakes are I do not like them. Let it slither away to where it belongs
Today was great! Also really good for a mental health break
Tomorrow I will be packing and installing my new
I can relate to Peter because i still mess up sometimes
Amen
Awww! Thank you so much! Happy to report that I finished and under 4 hrs (3:55:30!). So many
lol I can't believe this is me see this God ehn, He's too good y'all, He is
Preach
God bless you we all came out for our birthday
We need a miracle Tawnya.. !!!!! I'm praying hard
Yesss please come to New Mexico make it happen!
ING
My Sunday sermon
You are an honourable man Mr Wilkie. Thank you
Alhamdulillah for good health, I'm forever be grateful.
Worth the waiver priority? Full PPR
I want to be Great that's all
Amore please I won't looking this film after send you msg
Please
Please
Please
Please Markyla's
Please
Please
Please
Please Markyla's
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Courage, Strength, and Wisdom.
Amen to that hope the voice is still holding out
Please
Please
1st of many
Get it my guy. big things ahead for you
*screams* SOULMATES!!
What a
Able God. Shower your blessings
Bro, put elephant eyes on spotify/apple music, plz
Thank you kindly for sharing!
Thanks a million sir
So grateful for your follow back..What a blessing
Gratitude and humbled
Amen
Hate accent. Plz talk
I think any brands follow me but help Avril out!
Thank you kindly for sharing!
please choose your fave jjp au its for sciene
Thank you kindly for sharing!
Thank you kindly for sharing!
God have mercy on your beautiful soul rip amen
miss my nina may God have mercy on her soul
"CAROUSEL"
sai x basik x ghost brazil
prod. by vanxovibes
Check on your friends. Often.
For with God, nothing shall be impossible.
Go up
You are so special to me so happy to have you in my life
Hopefully ok
BIG PREACH
Goodnight
Sleep well my friend till Morning Light
ING
Dear God please show me the way I really need your help
In Her Head Doe She Was A Female With
-agrees 200%
And also Karen/Momoyo such powerful voice
All the futakao tho Kaoruko is just... damn
Hopefully ok x
I Believe As Well.
Matthew 18:20 A Nation On Our Knees.
Magic City on an Monday ... we worship this like a Sunday
thank you!
Making offerings to the holy Sangha in India!
Blessings and Awareness
Thank you kindly for sharing!
Bless for the heads up
God gon have something for you keep that positive mind set
Thank you kindly for sharing!
May our mother's live long to enjoy with us when we make it.
Thank you kindly for sharing!
Thank you kindly for sharing!
Thank you kindly for sharing!
been gone for awhile BACK!
Big day for the son of Detroit
3-3! Seattle up next!
Thank u Del!
Oh man yeah mood
I think part of why ppl always assume I a younger is bc of how fucking clueless I am
This list means nothing and you know it Stay true to yourself like always
Thank you kindly for sharing!
Awesome!!! Thank you DM sent
1million plays! Thanku u guys so much!! Love u xx
Thank you kindly for sharing!
i pray na considerate unta ang teachers today like i (we) really need it more than ever
for following us EliTE_viZA. Keep pushin and enjoy your Sunday! If you haven't already, you can grab
agreed
I just wanna pass my TOEFL exam
is it a jacket or is it a blazer please enlighten us
don't mind it you're amazing I love you
Smooth
Once you finally start to understand by ,
thanks a lot
Blackhawks beat the Lightning later!
Never give up, stay motivated
She is healed IJN
seriously pay day comes around soon can we just like skip a week so i can have money for a few days
I need you to take a moment and save the family their birthday it may be there last one without
may this last week of october be a good one
me Thank you
New units trailer in 5 hours
Pray for Echoes banner
Or Awakening Anna ofc
You should never not pray for
I really hope sooo ..
Hung out with the s this weekend in Muncie.
Please
Please
Please
Please Daughter's
Please
Please
Please
Please unable
front versus Florida O-line.....
Prayers up for Deondre Francois
Also setting the
Please
Please
Please
Please Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please unable
Thanks bro you the best man
Thank you
THANK YOU TOLEDO OHIO Dope show
UPCOMING DATES
TOUR
_
Thursday Nov.
turn your back and walk away nobody else is going to help please step up and do it save
I feel so happy for him. He is a very good actor.
And I appreciate your prayers, sister!
VAI FECHAR O GOL HOJE
homemade supper after a long shitty day is honestly the biggest blessing i could have ever asked for
praying this is a joke!!
repair the bug in ps3, because, a lot of people lost a world in minecraft, please
Ops...
Goodmorning Thank you lord for all the blessings
My pleasure Thank you
Avec grand plaisir Claudine
Praise the Lord no.1 yuri omo
Thank you I will deff keep that in
Money please
so true
Thank you for complaining
Lol means Lol ..... Great message for mass public awareness by a daring lady
With homies like you always be good
Life is complete
LOL IN HERE FOR IT!
Ya Allah please strengthen my life for me
I LOVE TIMOTHY
You deserve everything, goddess
crying God bless this beautiful man
Amen
seriously probably like five people on that list but not Jesus so I make that judgment
Thank you for sharing your inspirational journey and wisdom
to be
Good Morning!!! Starting the week full of enthusiasm and ready to be back on the set for Cain at Abel teleserie for .
recognize bag he in.
Please
Please
Hi My baby follow me please
Play Sharp
Now complete.
Happy Birthday Pops I miss you odee R.I.P my love
thank you! (never)
Come on cowboys we need this W tonight
Finally!
Amen
Good seeing you boys
Thank you! safe travels to you as well
thanks oppar
Get well soon
Condolences, ate. Will pray for her soul
Oracle for the week ahead The Guardian Angel with us this week Is the Animal Guardian . This beautiful angel
RT Now complete.
IM WONDERING WHO GOT LUCKY WITH A TRACKING NUMBER OR LABEL CREATED!
last night when someone thought i said i do pastoring not plastering n they thought i was going to college to learn to become a vicar
Keep pushing champ come when the right time
good to know up to the challenge direk! thank you for accepting the project we love Victor Magtanggol
Thank you! Walang sisidlan ng
Please be this one
Had a great weekend, ty. hope urs and was
Your welcome !
Thank you. Forever
Praying I sick tonight after work
AMEN
Please make this a longer thread such a concept!
RT Never give up, stay motivated
Thanks!
It all starts within
Please
Please
Please
Please
good afternoon Sunshi hope having a good time & amazing special blessed Sunday may God
Please
Please
Please
Please
( )
Big play slay is a monster
You are welcome
an album. a man. need another gig already
In love with our little Alice! Yes her name is Alice! Already pic a name with your help! thank you!!
You two are special on the court! Looking forward to seeing you guys Thursday!
Sorry about last rt
Just take it easy dear. She'll be fine IJN
I do thank you! still fighting but got some great help
good afternoon Kevin hope having a good time & amazing special blessed Sunday may God
The Hate U Give.......man oh man! amazing movie
Better view of my new tattoo by veksvanhilliktattoo Hope you like it as much as me
Men who cheat shit thankful god blessed me with a real one
This is the most productive I've been in one day in a long time.
Unreal battle! Thank you for tuning in, Sebastian. See you around for many more.
Oh! How can people let you die, PLEASE lets assist this gorgeous pet find a home give love & warmth so they
Surely, goodness and mercies are following you and yours.
Please stay safe
The Lord has created.
Bro just reply abeg
good afternoon hope having a good time & amazing special blessed Sunday may God continues
Thank you all for 5.7k
Shoutouts tomorrow
Good night
I had to sacrifice them Prince ways to be the King I am today
Stop killing grammar in Italian food names please
Keep Your Head And Keep On Going God Got Plans For You It Just Takes Time You Just At A Lil Bump
God bless your pop!
Amen . Thank you
Hi
Do you remember FUKUOKA?
I miss you so much
Fui
Hope they both bag a brace tomorrow
Thank you very much!
You have to tell me who dies. That's all I need so I can prepare
Thanks Amy! And thanks for all you do to advocate, support and inspire us
Day 2 of final exam Wish me luck, guyzes
Have a great and blessed week ahead, my loves Stay happy.
GOD always got you. Always.
In Jesus name
When DADDY gets his Way with me luv u daddy my pockets
Please
Please
15mins, 2 more!
two-time, back-to-back Skate America champion, Satoko Miyahara
adhe ra saami title word vere previous movies o mention cheyaledhu ani cheparu vallu ra babu neeku
Please
Please
Necesito que me suba todas las temporadas de The big bang theory
Hi Billy Joyce & i ask u greet me a on 9th dec pls.?
Back
Seared Ahi Salad baby! Looks like a steak huh?
Thank you
I am at ease in knowing that whatever's meant for me shall not pass me by.
Thy will be done.
Back
Examination Week
I was gonna tell a joke to this but I don't want to anymore. RIP
Psst pleas let me join
I so agree
just got offered Zeke for my Mixon???
Thanks
MoreOctoberSurprise lol.
Vote RED
ForAMERICASSAFETY
Think out of the box for the future
thank you for creating an authentic learning environment! Outstanding Coaches! Feeling empowered
Thank you very much for your kindness.
Me too! I want more please!
Thanks
Thank you kindly for sharing!
Thank you kindly for sharing!
Thank you kindly for sharing!
Thank you kindly for sharing!
Thank you kindly for sharing!
Thank you kindly for sharing!
Thank you kindly for sharing!
Thank you kindly for sharing!
Thank you kindly for sharing!
Thank you kindly for sharing!
Juliette Baptism made a new little friend Sophie
Hopefully ok,
Lads, can you speculate to the potential arrival in London after the new album drops...?
I admire you bby GOOD LUCK im sure get the hang of it because your makeup is always pretty
THE most beautiful woman on earth about to be married, All the happiness to her
Let The Grace Of Challenge U To Do What U Have Never Done Before. Let The Spirit Of Grace Help U Be All
Too many tremors being felt that past weeks. I don't even want to imagine this being a precursor to a major one.
Please dear lord. Let this beautiful woman marry me. Thank you in advance.
i just finished my homework, now i'm free to watch a bunch of bts crack vids
Had to clutch up in the end, had to go 4-0 and we clutched
Amen , God bless you
Thanks
I believe in hell or heaven... but I get the analogy.
I literally have a Sunday hangover this is fucking amazing news
Praying for you brotha! Get well soon
God please make this week good for me
Please check your kakao
for his family and friends. And praying for the safety of all officers!
Thank you very much for your kindness, my dear friend Hope, I will be okay
Too many tremors being felt these past weeks. I don't even want to imagine this being a precursor to a major one.
really all you Ella!! Dope shit. Keep braking down barriers
No Limit.
Much love DEATH BEFORE DISHONOR.
Okay thanks
the apple of my eyes daddy make me tear u out
Please Sir
This tweet, "RT SumanOkkadu: Pro Ayyundi iddaru VP lanu follow avvadam saripoyndi
Urbestpsycho:
I like ur header and tweets + pinned tweet + ur acc is cool
good afternoon hun hope having a good time & amazing special blessed Sunday may God
{mu} drop thread buat ngecilin pori2 dong
Maybe the puzzle is a portal to
good afternoon hope having a good time & amazing special blessed Sunday may God
Thank you very much for your kindness, my dear friend Big Hugs
Reposting
Retro Motivation Of The Day
St John Paul II, pray for us
Please
We
Please
Please
Please
Please Storm Relief
Pass the gravy.
Rigatoni, beef braciola, meatball, Sunday sauce.
{@meeciry128 photo}
No problem bro miss you too
Wait did I call you dumb? My bad..
You are so smart not dumb, I live in India and
Thank you very much for your kindness, my dear friend Big Hugs
Please
We
Please
Please
Please
Please
Thank you
I simply love it
Alhamdulillah
Please
Please
Please
Please
Go on Mum give her a treat or two
THATS THE SPIRIT!!!
Waahhh.I hope will sing this song here in manila.
Praise God Thank You Jesus
ok thanks
God bless self
Thank you guys for hanging out. It was awesome. I missed you guys so much thank you thank you i wait for
Yherrbai means walk in Ngunnawal and thanks for learning
Thanks for the explanation
I am a Grateful
please help John get his green money sign
Cr. on pic
This makes me so sad! up for him!
my bookmarks are there for you if you need a place to start
Fantastic, I will email over the details this evening. Thank you
please bring back pretzel buns
Goals working towards this
May God strengthen for your loss
Happy birthday I hope you are happy every
Here's Cosmoland from my Octobit tileset!
It's been really fun so fat, 10 more days to go
15 days till !!! cya
.........
Third session, we're almost there/Tercera sesion, ya casi
Huhuhu naway
Meeee please
Amin
Lord help on my finals
Without attracting me or my opinions /maybe one day they will
RT mariaElliott17: Thanks jilly_bond for reminding me of this article so important
Thank you
Draw my beloved dragon wife please!!!
I love my life, God is so Faithful, I almost want to cry... Even when I deserve it, yet Faithful!
check this one out big man
This giving life to this role. thank you
Thanks I did enjoy it to the
Congratulations so proud of you
Please patriots
Retweet the crap out of this
You may bark but plz don't call yourself an Indian
You look more like a sordid piece of
Now we need a pic of butch smoking a cigar in the dugout. accept photoshop.
Invite light into your life and buy one
That tweet just made my day bro thank you so much
Please
Please
AOT out here at number 2
Amen going through the fire right now but trying diligently to continue trusting Him through
Please
Please
Please
Please Jordan to
Sir is a great human and excellent astro and best is that a patriot bhaitiyeee......great to know sir....proud
Actually praying that the puzzle piece is purely just that. A piece of a puzzle that has no meaning whatsoever, please
will you follow me
Yes Indeed!!! Current situation.
Coach Chop every snap I take is for you fight till the end
Sir please help me I have debt to pay and lenders are harassing me very much everyday..
Yes it is but hopefully some day you will be able to come to Sweden to see your favourite Darin
Um hino
Thanks, Gareth!
Thanks, Vic
cancel everything else if you want, but please don't touch and
thanks man!!
Future .... David Patrick is a natural! New Jersey
It's here
Thanks
Welcome
So happy for you, Matt, so deserving
Warm Hugs and Blessings
"Go
mad you the one talking about guys in YOUR girls dm lmao. Have a blessed Sunday
.@AnneMarie dropped into the studio to perform this stunning acoustic of '2002'
I know and thank you
hope you get your money honey
Oh Merciii !
Je trouve aussi
Thank you
God bless you all. Keep up the hard work.
Lol
Easy Lik
On another note, my NubianCuban daugther prettier than yours !! curly_cuban26
So very sorry for your
Amazing write up! Thank you this made my day
Thank you so much ubin
Work hard in silence, let the success make the noise
I've got goosebumps! And also, that smile on Armin's face said everything. Hope you both can make some magic together soon.
Please
Please
Please
Please "PUDGE"needs
Please
Please
Please
Please "PUDGE"needs
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please I Need My
Please
Please
Thank you. Your style and designs are just soooo adorable
Please
Please
Please
Please How to
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please How to
We tell to Paige that Veronica made that, we try and hopefully
Yes
No more complaints from Fernando please. like to remember him as the legend he is and not a grumpy old man
Miss you bro most definitely will be one to remember
Adidas Yeezy Boost 700 Wave Runner. Sz 11. $360 shipped. open. Please RT. Thanks
I just want 2 shirts for my birthday PLeAsE
$TRX sir
so sorry for your loss. God bless you with strength
I really hope that Harry Hogge put that extra large fuel line in this race car when he built it!
Not even surprised. You could see it by his body language feel better, Eden
I remember presenting the results to the HoI forum in 2014! Bless you Annette for your amazing support over the years.
Kaduna
Wow. May he rest in peace.
These day
May Allah grant you all that you wish in good health
Hbd hanbin wish you all the best
Praying Medic Where is Q? Lot of discussion about Q, Where is he? and general info about Praying Medic. EXPECTS
been dead broke treated unfairly
and camilizers streaming
You will too gonna work out Willa
Gotta say this is one of my favorite songs
Let's pray for kaduna May almighty Allah protect and guide our Muslims brothers and sisters
Damn toolie smh, I don't wanna talk and don't ask me what happened. He'll call you if he want you to know
Merci for the correction, Etienne.
Evil exists in Jimmy Carter. Look at him. Thank you Mark Taylor
se vaya hoy Antonia
All Praise Be To Me God Creator Of The Universe And All Things
Or hold any other part of your anatomy, if it helps
700,000 people, someone in every voting household,
That's good to hear, take care Jamie
Hope my name pops up in the mention again
Thank you so much
Has everyone had a fantaatic Sunday
Good Night To All
May you be all Blessed
And have a
Got looking around at different pastures and there are lots of infestations that are a lot worse. Thanks for the input.
(Saying a silent prayer now.)
Hey back to the important the best parties are in family .
Nooo not my boy
Please
Please
this is gold
Thank you
Got a little emotional thinking about Yair Rn, man I miss this guy rip my guy
finalmente vou ter meus patinhos
tweetdelete is a blessing, king
You are welcome
1st day of my week off while in transition of jobs, man it feels good to have a legit rest
This little guy needs help if Maria Nadel can rescue him
Now START Odoi ffs. We know Pedro & Moses will start with Willian the sub winger Hope im wrong this time.
Thanks boss I believe your government olorun
yes pls send her directly to jail.. has been, seeking relevance and only receiving pity
wonderful to hear! Keep it up
the truth
playing a video on my phone and forgetting my bro is sleeping bc he works nights and sleeps during the day sorreeee
Thank you for your hard work! I had so much fun seeing you in Europe! I hope you had a lot of fun in
I love food
I want some real love man... no lies, no hiding, being all the time
I'm so sorry. for you and your family! We love you Lauren!
You people claiming"you want to help me" please buy a watch
Hopefully the 1st of many to come this season
That's wonderful and very comforting!
Made this beautiful cake for my nephew
Layers of butter vanilla
Picture doing justice
Please
Of course!
Pray for my pocket
Praying Akeem does NOT win this
- Ann Margret - Dean Martin & Ann Margret HQ via
SAME Team
Yay, glad I could help de-scrunch!
jack wtf you look amazing
I've finally found god. Bless up
Comment with a if youd worship this booty!
Swimsuit from
Great tip
Yes
When You Lose Your Mind Gives You His!
When You Lose Yourself Gives You Himself!
When You
Happy birthday for yesterday
Happy Bday Put that Praise in for another
Please
Please
Please
Please
Dear Heavenly Father please Touch my boy T Heart and Soul
Please
Please
Please
Please Sam Callahan
I got three bitches pregnant and none of them know the father
Please
Please
Please
Please Sam Callahan
You absolutely welcome looks great your setups
thank you for the follow
Please
Please
Ayy this is us can follow
Kaduna...... Crisis here, always terrible.
God heal our land.
Guys be guided
Congrats ! Glory to the Almighty
THANK U FOR 300 FOLLOWERS now pls unfollow
I need some mf more tats billy, butttt dattsss granny on my chest
I haven't heard of it, I'll consider reading it soon, thanks Asma
i hope zayn see this very soon and he like it my drawings
Looking forward to this. Please be better than Iron Fist
Tom = Racist Jailer Of The Poor - Mercy Sakes Brother Tom .... God Bless Us All ... .... Evil & Satan Exists ...
Before all the jokes about JA moving shakey or Earthquake Sundays....God Im grateful that you continue to spare us from devastation
She counts all her blessings and show humble asf!!
wish em well, thank them for the inspiration on what not to do
You are most welcome Louis
11:11 build tickets
Exactly. Thank you
It felt like 10 minutes srsly, but there are so many cute ones
Happy birthday for opening my eyes. a tru teacher, role model, and icon. grateful for you. Happy G
Beautiful video. Thank you.
This truly is the end of the USA as we know it. Such ignorance is shocking in this day and age.
You're so welcome Parveez. I'm glad I have helped in some ways.
Goodnight all
please
Thy will be done Lord God bless our batch
Live de Jimin e Jungkook pffffffffffff
Here is some good words to make your day:
OT9 IS BACK BITCH
you're on your way to the finals! Well done! Keep the faith
RT Unreal battle! Thank you for tuning in,
PLEASE GOD I DON'T ASK FOR MUCH
Comment or
Much love DEATH BEFORE DISHONOR.
Prayers
Rally towel equipped
Feeling all the birthday love. So grateful for everything and everyone in my life. Thank you! Love you all!
Seen her at the HBOFM tour and she look better than anyone relevant rn she a legend and never disappoints
Induzida a erro.
Glory to GOD! My Previous Single " MOLLY " was Officially " Aired " On Thanks Again DJ
God bless our mothers
Here is some good words to make your day:
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
OT9 IS BACK BITCH
||: pls teach
Then Six turns it on
'You should do it too'
W o o f.
Long day... At least I have to give time to Math. All the Math subjects
Anty calm down abeg na play we sef dey play, no need to change ur happy mood abeg. All na play
Enfin
God will intervene
This made my day. Funny . Thank you
Thank you law enforcement for all you do!
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
I know &
THE PROPHETIC ENDORSEMENT
.
.
from woliagba_ayoajewole - So daddy was invited as the surprise
OMG! I love love this picture thank you
Borderline Gutyyyyy por favor
Prayers out to all of Trinidad, especially Trini Twitter
Well played!
red dead references in yo next project please
want to use it to make ever ASOS purchase this eve!
tyL goodmorning
Hopefully not for long
Maybe our new owner will give us some player
keep going !!
Praying
Totally knew you would!
please let me be awake for the next mention party
this ios update fucked my whole phone up, rip snap chat and insta
Twitter is all I got
After all this flooding some people have nothing except their lives
Thanks for reading
Thanks for coming guys.
You were awesome as usual.
You can listen to the unedited version right now.
The
Colbert trying to make an INT is down
Dear Gracias, if today I lose my hope please remind me that your plans are better than my dreams
- Ann Margret - sweet dreams Elvis and Ann Margaret-Viva Las Vegas via
The fans will always be by her side!
Congratulations
Thank you What an awesome compliment Teamwork
Hope he keeps it up.
Great to hear Not too many veterans left on this app
all I have
GNGB
it was a wonderful weekend. dion is the realist homie out there honestly
Thank you
Thank you so much! That which we see in another is a reflection of our soul. Have a blessed week
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
TY It was meant to bring a bit of a chill
This just made me download all his music R.I.P The of Pop
I think I just saved a life today
I'm on a hiatus under these tragic circumstances
My bad, I was only looking at the top 10 list
Shout out to for the dope gear on rekt + Mac pin
Thank you to those who have donated to our . We still need more items to fill it up!!
This too shall pass, Jaimy. Head up, my friend. You have a lot of friends that care for you.
. Luke 14:10
Thanks sis. aizahernandezcortez
I hope you got great scores You studied hard for 3 weeks!
Been a blessed Sunday!
Dear God, if today I lose my hope please remind me that your plans are better than my dreams
- Being cool W/ all around The & uplift the culture - stay close to all other
Today is:
- Hanbin's Birthday
- my fcking college entrance test
AAHHHH DISIZIT!! Lord, guide us all.
Big Ups to all the Magicians on the Love path
Prayers up for
3 points please.
Awesome stream tonight of Underground 2! Thank god it still works!
Appreciate all the support from you
Pray for Officer Macias & others defending our great nation.
AYUDANDO A que quiere ir al show de Sigan estos pasos PORFA ENTREN A
no lie at
I mean we having to WORK for every yard, every single point, defense get these bitches off the field quick next
Houston is the best, always giving me support and kindness.
Thank you . The literature is is non descriptive. Is there anyway we could set up a forum of between continents?
Thanks AJ for this because I have this all the time
Thank you practice makes perfect!
Thank you I agree completely, I only ever want to broadcast to uplift, not pull down
Our fellowship is back on! Meeting tonight starts at 7pm PT -
Amen to that brother!
Ah right
Amen
from - PLEASE VOTE for to be on the cover of Inked Magazine
.
.
.
HOW TO
Contact me then .. I keep it real styling please get me a chance to style you or assist
Thank you
Wow best news in a while like every one says matt we all here for you buddy....I couldn't sleep for
Bless
Thank you for the shout out
merci beaucoup
goodluck to us later
Blessings up to
hail booty for it was made gloriously
Absolutely top blue top gent
Me ayudan a vender esta entrada para Roger Waters? RT
MISSING BEAGLE Female Winnie From Suffolk since 20/10/18 Loved n Missed Have You Seen Winnie
Amen.
Doing good! Thanks for asking!
I don't know when??? I hope next year but one day we gonna touch hands at a M&G not only me
You have been doing an epic job Steve thanks
No carry body, if God bless u carry all your paddi
Blessings playa congrats
from - PLEASE VOTE for to be on the cover of Inked Magazine
.
.
.
prayers to Hopeful the knee injury season ending
So happy you were able to attend
May GOD be with you
Powerful
please recover well
Thank you
Check out these highlights for me thanks
appreciate you
Better view of my new tattoo by veksvanhilliktattoo Hope you like it as much as me
Double tap if you're ready to turn your dreams into plans Tag your Besties Like - Share Comment Click
Condolence We are here for you
Good luck sa game later
This is heaven
I.O.U.<3. Planting Trees special thanks to bapa_org and for making this all
Keep streaming please
350k again goes to 5M we can do it
Yeah but we can watch from Turkey tho. It's 1 am here There is a win for us
21 defaites pour 4 victoires en koli, tout va bien
Please
Please
Thank you to !!! It's been an honor participating and providing the music for your 5 Day Grand
Please
Please
Praying for your speedy recovery and thank you for your service
I know this was so hoping to meet you.. on the mend.
Rhyrhorn CP1055 L22
30.523729,-87.91229199999999
Screenshot
Please
Please
Please
Please T-BIRD &
Dodgers are back in the World Series
Please
Please
Please
Please T-BIRD &
We are praying
Thank you so much, you are the best, for real.
Always giving me kindness and support, you
We hung out all the time in high school this is so sad
Thank you
Wish me luck
Shy Glizzy dropped a new album
Love you Nova Thanks
Get well soon and I believe you will come back stronger.
My heart has been so heavy this week thinking about him
Agree
Truly beautiful story of how humanity can be at the darkest of times.
Namaste
YVW. NEVER underestimate the power of prayer. . Gods got this!! Thanks to the Lady Tigers I
Lil Wayne is so humbleeee wow la clef des Grands
To school Goodluck everyone
Preach
Did all the steps .. thanks for the video ...Good work ... Xbox
God continues to open up doors for me that no one can close why always put him first!
Despite
for helping to make these nights so special
Just pole vaulted in front of Kliff Kingsbury.
Amen
Reflecting
- at Grafton Peace Pagoda
Just Doing my job lol even though I was cold af
I'm drowning in all those math equations I really must work good tomorrow
Thank you
Oh ty I'll delete this and repost mine
who's live rn that i can watch while im doin my makeup
Have A Day
Finally someone understands
Thank you, Lord. answered prayer agad.
A beautiful Reminder
.
.
Please take note!
.
Tag your friends to see and Share
.
Follow us on
Puppy Perfection On Death Row! Act Now To Save Zuco. ShareFosterPledgeAdopt! Reserve
I am pleased to say so. I'm glad I could draw it. Thank you so much
Thankyou so much. Praying for your dear friend Pastor Dale.
Aw! Poor Selma Blair! sounds like she has a positive attitude about things tho & lots of support
luck Texas!
Biko kindly follow me on all my social media handle and I will follow you back duduyemi_ chat
Awesome, can't wait to connect with - thank you
I wanna sleep and wake up at 3Am,
They say it's the best time to pray
Merci
Please
Please
Please
Please
Glad my mans is AP trained lmfaoo
Thank you
Congratulations on the appointment of QCE and thank you your hard work and time in the role
That BH laminate to get in early was never sent out. Help another Iranian and come let me in
I would love to own anything from here Good luck to everyone
Thank you
UDC shirt
doing what they love thanks for the chance! may the odds be in my favour
Finally gotten the video thanks
Can I retweet this every day?
Mentions : A shout out to our friends of distinction in high places the frums the haass The Kristol the
Thanks
All these random Earthquakes hitting Jamaica on a Sunday between 2pm - 5 pm
Mother nature doesn't has such consistent pattern
Thank you
Gonna be live tonight around 8:30, hope to see yinz in chat, if you followed me on twitch yet please do have a good one
If anyone has LinkedIn and would be willing to write me a recommendation I would greatly appreciate it!
The youth service was a godly blast today!! London, United Kingdom
+1 find suave sem gastar
The tour wasn't the same without Fe and neither will the new residency We need her back!
A Victorious Woman. never miss a Sunday I love Church
MISSINNG BULLDOG Female Ocean From Hull since 21/10/18 Do You Know Where Ocean Is Please?
your weakness make you stronger
Amen So many wonderful human beings
Please
Please
Gawd! "Lawd Jesus!"
I think I`m gonna cry
I lost most of my family in the same year back to back I have time to put up anymore shx from anyone god got me ...
a Very DANGEROUS Guy... God you created something special with this one
Pray for Kaduna May Allah SWT protect us from any form of unrest and tension
Thanks, Hanky!
Grant that the sick you have placed in my care be abundantly blessed and not one of them be lost.
your new lash tech , HMU ladies homecoming deal starting Tuesday
Mata'annallahu bithuuli hayatihi
your weaknesses make you stronger
(@ Home Blessed Home in Paulo)
stay safe
putting you on history, thank me later
Please pray for Kaduna state, may Allah restore peace there and may Allah keep our brothers and sisters safe.
Honestly. Yes
Good night and God bless you dear friends.
Prayers for you and your family
Omg I so happy I love this video plz can you posted more and especially Taekook moments of you have
First day of Exam Goodluck
The Like to retweet ratio apauls me
Rights for all
I've talked to so many nice people today
Our Baby Boy thank you pretty s Pag invite and Goodluck and Congrats s Album
From
Truly a goal. Hope we reach it
My life was complete seeing in concert for the second time the vibes was crazy in there
Youth service day! Blast!. London, United Kingdom
Cory Booker
Thank you Jones you the realest
Thanks Fiona just a little over 500 signatures left to go until it reaches the target
Please
Please
Please
Please
Celebrating reaching Affiliate status!!!
Please come by and show your boy some love! Use the
Please
Please
Please
The way playing, have a shot at him... Foster, Warner, Buckner, Sherman and Bosa
Please
Please
Please
Please
I feel for Johnny and the affect this has on his beautiful family just all so senseless and vindictive
SEMPRE MANINHO
And a 24/7 live stream
Quick spraydown from lets no one up the stairs
Thank you!! It was a good weekend
the grind bless the double xp this weekend.
Good morning guys
Jai Shree Krishna
thank you for being such an amazing supporter & positive force
Have no idea why my phone does last 2 hours on 1%...but Lord, thank you
Omg Im so happy I love this video thank you so much plz can you posted more and especially Taekook moments of you have
Thank you Bianca! Much love
so sorry for your loss so hard when you lose a parent. Prayers and love sweetie
We're so blessed Michael joining the Netflix family is bloody amazing!!!
Oh God please I'm begging!
Anybody have hookups to World Series tickets?
Please donate to support my sisters multiple
tyL goodmorning
I WENT FRUM BEING A 2 SITTING IN CHURCH NEXT TO DA SAME CO I WAS GONE TELL YU IM IMPROVING
Ban bull fighting. Just STOP participating in this heinous brutal barbaric act!
Oh Lord bless the works of my hands... and make my dreams come through for me
turns out i was ready, scored a great score! god is good!
I wish you well Sindy,I have nothing but admiration my friend
Man to all my brother's get yo life rite these streets don't love you how we love them ! It's a game the
yes pls
Stay strong Tyler Ennis
Please not in my state go to zuma rock
please let it be okay keeping away from sugar and junk food. will try to sleep early too. A MUST! slim down slim down!
thanks u
Absolutely joyful. This girl is so thankful for her new
good morning fam lets get this baguette
Lovely group for Reiki 1 Shoden this weekend. Congratulations Jenn, Janelle, Clinton & Jodi
Jetticus Maximus, October 26th. It's right around the corner
Kindly follow back. Thanks
Thank you
back if not cool with Zeca or Danny come dick ride free the guys man be home soon
gubernur cebong pasti pinter ngeles
insyaaAlloh
This person is such a blessing to my life
Stay Safe Sara
Thank you twitterworld for your Rts, follows and likes night and sweet dreams
Please
Please
Please
Please
No bs. my main goal
8 Tage noch / 8 days left
Happy monday! God bless us all.
Thanks for your support
Condolences to Family RIP
I just wanna flourish in life through Christ !!! I cant do this without him
Fuuuuuck Drew is now
In case you missed our latest news, here it is again! Happy reading
Best one yet
C'mon Alex Smith!
Thank you so much
for family & friends
*thompsonb liked. It is time we resolve to bear our own cross
Glad to hear you are safe Matt
Thanks for the support on 'Take' guys!
I hope Kaori improves her artistry She's good technically and has very big jumps but she's not good at
Thank you
Stay strong G with god and yall by his side he go pull all the way through
Can i please have this cover in the highest resolution possible ?
FLORIDA VOTE for GA Amen
Ok cheers good debate here have a great day
Precious baby, I imagine how terrified he must of been, TY for saving him!
Bismillah , start! First day
Can't wait to re-do my bedroom & living room next month
Im still f/a and looking to join a team this is my port:
My recent work
Amen+
definitely keep her & you in my prayers
22.4k left! Please sign if u haven't every signature counts
Monggo, mbak.
Username ig sama dg username twitter.
My religion
Ga ada shopee kak
No, you won't
bruh you hella inspirational. when your music first came out, not what i was expecting. mad respect
My love goes to the people of Kaduna..
Last shift thank the lord
Can I get a quick shoutout for beyond casual and clean with business. What a dude
Good evening my dear friend Rose I wish you a beautiful new week ...
God bless you always!!
Good morning! Heads high for today. I'm in God's strength & grace
it ! That is amazing ....
Please
Please
Please
Please Carters
Please
Please
Please
Please
Such a sweet evening hopefully the next 3 days go smoothly
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please Carters
Please
Please
Please
Please
Oh Lord I feel like a single mother of 16 children I wish they would get along and stop giving mommy a headache
Merci
With all humility Sir thanks for the follow
Thank you dear
Hey there Sunshine
Love and Blessings to you...
Happy SONday!
You start the next chapter of your life if you keep re-reading the last one
Alhamdulillah, thank god everything has settled down
If you always love me the way I love you, we will never be apart.
goodnight
Its more like.... i have given up at this point..... but thanks ni
Looking for my next digital and social media position in Please share any ideas or suggestions. Thanks .
S'il vous plaiiit
One day I will be the 2nd or 3rd black president of the united sates and I will treat this country with gentleness
I AM HEARTBROKEN JAH BLESS YOU ALL
can you please play Bring Me The Horizon
yo por favor
all!!!
RT
Me too, really hoping for him
Thank you again
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Absolutely Correct!
Best Wishes and Good Luck with your House Race! May God be with You and Yours!
Please
Please
Please
We all go through trying times and ONLY THE STRONG SURVIVES
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
|| almost done with S3 so send these out tomorrow at the latest
DAY 1 of exam , God bless us all everyone.
Thank you God Pachuca F.C Official ! Coming soon
Beautiful Elli Stay Blessed Always
about to get so much better
And know that people cannot help you without challenging you to grow
I would love to have life one day
Thigh... S Q U I S H
Please if you're interested in this field attend the panel and support my very talented friend I'm 100% sure
The power of blessings are unbelievable you know
so sorry Martha, praying for you & your family. 9 1/2 years ago I woke up in the morning & I
Thanks for the support on 'Take' guys!
This damn dance video got almost 100 likes, are wild but bless for the support
Will you please provide a citation for the quotation? Thanks!
Alright.. Thank you
THANK YOU FOR THE LOOP
Thank you bro
Happy new week
Seriously start school tomorrow ready tho!!
Umudunuz daim olsun
geceler
Shave my chest wax my ass
Please give, to save sweet
pai para
hahaha oh and Gurley scored during my updating you. 32-7
sana eto na talaga, i really need a job thanks mamsh!!! good morning!
Wishing strength and a speedy recovery.
2018
Assim seja!
Don't wanna burst bubble but his facial expression here.... I'm often wrong though kkk
any one have any xtra 100shiny metagross
new avi new me time to start a new life
Thank God for waking me up how he blessing me
please let Ishtar not bleed me too much
Our prayers goes to the victims of Kaduna and the entire cizitens. May normalcy be brought back to my second home.. Ameen
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Thank you. like to move past this
Oh yesh the queen and king
Thanks so much for sharing my work Mark
Pls dear ... I let flesh rule over the spirit of God in me this afternoon
Sorry
Chuck bless this
2018
UMMM... YES???? Your pc starting to draw things for you. Its got your back
2018
2018
Thank you Jill x
2018
Sorry to hear that fam. Praying for you
2018
2018
thank you
2018
2018
Thank you I prefer to see myself as a human and humanity that drives me.
Love from Fiji
Thank you. Luckily I was super wine drunk and had just vaped or I may have passed out. That
Come to Chile please!
Oh what ya listening too?? One of your new ones
Appreciate you bro
Really hype to grind it out for X13 with you, you deserve the spot. Hella underrated
I can finally have Taxi Taxi on vinyl
Obrigada Senhor
This was great to read! I hope to meet Wada Takuma soon, too~
ARASHI
album single
concert
tour concert
movie
drama
variety
Arashi 20th anniversary
Thank you
Blood is thicker than water . Thanks again . Le par excellence . Je regrette
Final Exam whoooa
I need Lebron to work his magic like he did to get Draymond suspended and get Rondo off the hook
Please post pics of dogs in costumes in the replies to help me get through this week
Naa Sei you go extra harder on the beat....vibes sorrrrrrrr blessup
I love my Waveroom family.. Africans Americans Italians.. No matter what race or religion we all love one thing.. To trade
Thoughts and Prayers for strength and a speedy recovery.
Yoga Weekends and Making a Murderer marathons
Of course
Yeah hopefully stay past Friday would love him to have his party in
Yay!! a huge fan of pumpkin anything! Thanks for the recipe
Can you please collaborate with Yanga please sis Zahara
I think I'm over it.
Bless my g
Special thanks to for collaborating with us
& Special thanks to our PR head
My line of emojis for you-
Hopefully this holds up
I want to thank everyone who has shown love either through text, calls, tweets, or anything. I'm really grateful
Love this.
Fingers crossed, need a Ps4 desperately
I know that feeling! Thank you and see you at the next thing
Will you marry me?
Nawwh miss our boys but there doing bloody amazing as solo artists!!
here it is
Thanks to Obama
I GOT NOTHING BUT MAD RESPEK FOR YOUR WORK... thank you for You guys sure did make a
Astaghfirullah
For my past
Alhamdulillah
For my present
In Shaa Allah
For my future
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please Nikita get
Survived!!!!!
Please
Please
Please
Please Nikita get
Warning dreams woke me up. Dear God what do you ask of me.
You are in my prayers!
Please
Please
Noted and although it sounds a little misleading we will take it into account
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please Nikita get
I so love women who are confident enough and worry nothing about the world and it's mediocrity I
All The Love I Got For You Never Gone Change
always a tough decision. Always hurts to lose our animal companions.
Truueee totally understandable I had to take a leave for work but when I get back to it I can get us
Bruhhhhhhh bless my jigga
Miss you bro
Thank you so much lord
yes of course
she deleted 3 90 overalls & got engaged? real love nah but SSG till the
Pls travel yet,till you know safe ....biko
Come to Newcastle meet and
Have a safe flight
Gonna be a night but trying to stay positive
I ONLY NEED 700 MORE! PLEASE HELP YOUR GIRL OUT i do rtxrt!
LA Rams TT O30.5 Another Win Lets get more points
Pray for his safe return.
S/O to Jcpenney lady for giving me a lucky 50% off my entire purchase
Brilliant! Thank you for being our voice in this country
Thanks for the follow Tony, I will follow you also
Cheers brother thank you so much
Make all of their flavors dairy free!!!
Fight announcement soon. Time to get my first win! Training hard wait to be back in the ring
Thank youuuu
Medidating.
Ye went well thanks the Director was major happy
gonna be fine . Amen!
Magic photos many thanks
The Magic Shop brings eternal happiness in people's lives. Your very existence is magic itself!
welcome!!
People should not be saying things like that! so rude!!
Ugh. in SoCal. Please deploy the troops
Please
Please
Please
Please
Haven't seen any boss
Charley mhad this guy is gonna be the next king of Africa rap
He was a very pretty kitty! God has a special place in heaven for our animal friends to rest until we are reunited. God Bless
Amen
Faz um sorteio no Brasil por favor
the only person who can hurt you
24 hours later its back on
Beautiful photo many thanks
Important to keep in mind when looking for a new job
May God be with us for this week
for no injuries cause we need EVERYONE in attendance
Thanks
If u someday become a mother how would u feel if your son puts his wife above u....be honest
good morning,, may today gonna be alright
Sorry For Your Loss My Brodie
I wonder if all the churches in Australia today will be holding a prayer or some kind of acknowledgement for
Thank you Ian have great evening
i want him to call me his girl too
father taeil~
I decided to be very lazy today making your pan pizza tonight was a wonderful dinner and easy clean up Thank You
HOJE TEM DJ JUNINHO 22 NA VIA SHOW DA 13
SEGUE A PAZ
Please do show when you promote Avengers 4 It would be so good to see you do a UK chat
Sendin prayers your way Stay
you guys need to do a scene together. Vag and balls deep anal
Thanks
Bless my g
Smile!
Someone up there wants you to be happy.
Pure divinity Jai Shree Krishan
Congrats my guy
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Magical places Yoga weekend Namaste
Mr. Dean agnostic but I AM PRAYING you know more than us and that our justice system will prevail.
It's a good thing though, hopefully we'll be pairing Trae with RJ Barrett or Zion soon
Please
Please
Please be accurate.
First day of finals exam
So excited to start work on my first KMV. Blessed to be part of this family.
RT RT RT RT RT
All love Brozay
Enough said..Amen
Hare Krishna
Speaker DR. KRISHNA MURTHY.
Topic : Sanskrit Speaking Class.
10/21/18 (Sunday)
Time:
1k follower special coming soon
going down in Queensbridge right now .. hope the homies out there safe!
Prayer always works
Bless flex
Oh thank you for the information
SANKSI KING EZE DI CABUT JIGANAMAH
How good or bad your morning will be, always give thanks to the Lord for the air you breathe and another day to enjoy.
The smile on each of these peoples in the photo makes it worthy to say thanks to Mike & the team
Thank you for your service
Don't thank me, thank those that didn't come back home.
You welcome dude
Our thoughts and prayers are with our friends, families and colleagues in Kaduna. We call upon the authorities
Everyone please like and comment on my newest photo
What a surreal feeling it is knowing I make my living off of playing music.
Meet me in LA. The Bay made me Bougee cause I was born Bad.
Be on the look out. coming.
Praying for you
Very sad!
How!! Drum workshop in cin Thx
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please F&F
Please
Please
Please
Please F&F
Thank you
That's why I love you
Prayers up
So sorry. Yes, voting blue for him .
Bless up gg
Nope but almost getting my license
Ok I took a five minute break and ate a pop tart so I feel better now
you're welcome love keep your head
Insha Allah.
bismillah wish me luck
Nope but still a chance to make a big play
Parler foot devant un match avec : tu coches Bon anniversaire Laure
Please get a different quarterback
FEEL GOOD TO HAVE A MOTHER MY MAMA IS MY HEART & SHE ALWAYS BEEN MY NUMBER ONE SUPPORTER
Hopefully will be parked at my house by next week.
There is a GOD
Alhaji Thursday I love you bro
Thank you cous , much love
Keep up the good work,be safe!
Give him info that he already knows PLEASE PRETTY PLEASE
Looking to join Please send me an invite. via
Hataw Monday penge positive energy and good vibes lord
Naaaaa c'est pas top !! Pardon
DJ TEFFFFF , God bless you bro
Everything
So sorry!
Any
JGCG:.
Jesus be a 4th down stand.
Amen
This is so good! Well done. wait for the next GOW
Defense najuudd!!! May God bless our souls later! Good luck guys!
Corner stat at the moment- 10, Rapids 1.
Dominating, now get a goal in please
please follow
too bad... thank you for helping anyway
Beautiful sell on the hitch and
good chilling last night my dude safe travels
One can only hope
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Thanks my g
is the only word that makes everything feels better
Nobody no the
Right person
Is holy Allah no the right
Person Lagos, Nigeria
Greatful same too
I wonder why??
AMEN to that.
so much things I want to do but Lord, I need a focus and humble approach to my goals
Added to page
Goodnight Beautiful Rest well and rise to an amazing day
Hillsong playlist //
Pick me please!
Inspired and blessed
Your help is
Thank you! ok with not having to prove myself now. I want other people to know they have
me please I traveled here for Taemin.
Happy birthday friend
hope you had an amazing time last night
God bless
Sorry
Forgive me.
from fyahprincessjalifa - Grateful for all the love and continuous support hits 7K views
Happy birthday bro wishing you all the best thing in life In Shaa Allah
My g , bless up
Just got the email regarding my exam, I passed
I'm OFFICIALLY, OFFICIALLY DONE.
i pray for God that this week passed fast n give good things only pls
Another one sold God is good. For results like this contact me at Calvin.Douglas@c21.ca
All very good points and duly noted
if anything i'd prefer it if he went back to his old ways
Wish me luck
Added to page
Thank you already on the donor list. Always wanted to do more.
ACM 1899
Wake up America.
Lmao I wish I could be as excited bout Christmas as you bless yo heart
youre welcome
God bless all our players with great health with no bad injuries or sicknesses or accidents at
Apart from the wind I had a great weekend
thank God . always and forever
May the God of Karma will get you soon
Eu fiz 63,335 views esse ano
October 21, 2013
5 Years since the Best Wedding on Tv aired
Thank You, for all these years of love
Any Awfully Rich Guy interesting in buying Brazil?!
Pretty Please!!!
Please let this be true.
Thank you been really hard since. But get through it
por favor que me hackeee a mi
Prayers out to this family
Ameen ya rabb sir, thank you brother
Love to cook with rice cakes. And that chewy texture ... Yum ! Thank you so much
Thank you
fab, thank you!
What a legend
Latte please
Real recognizes real
.
.
.
.
.
Thank you
Good morning! Blessed Monday, everyone.
sign this petition if you yet
Oshe so baby girl knows my oba
Please
Please
Please
Please
still dying, thank the Lord off Mondays
I would love BTS twice Got7
be home in 17 days. Fuck been waiting for this for awhile
Wish me luck
Yine cok guzel calisti , keske simdi biraz yukari ciksa da short firsati verse
My frunkdaddy says Hi and Thanks everyone! (Even though he has never been on Twitter or any other social media site in his life).
Bless up
My life is your hands oh lord. Bless and favour me immensely. Amen
Seriously we all need to unite for once. Now only 23k left! Please sign this petition with all your accounts
If you guys reading this. Then can you help by answering my question pls?
What kind of art style do you guys prefer?
Thank you dear
Teenage years can be difficult to parent. Patience and prayers is what I tried; hard for sure.
Replay de ontem
Grant me understanding for things I have no control of and strength to accept things I can no longer change.
Clocked out with 35 hours of overtime this week
Pray for GRACE!
The day we been grindin for
Looking to join Please send me an invite. via
Congratulations
Always Most Welcome so kind of you have a nice time my dear friend
holy fuck that sounds phenomenal thank you!!
Relieved and thankful that my kids are getting better little by little, slowly but surely it was at least a
Now go and spread the good news my friend, of Jericho and his eagle eyes.
THANK YOU for BLESSING me with your KINDNESS Wishing you and your loved ones a HAPPY SAFE BEAUTIFUL & BLESSED new week
Wish me luck
Much love prayers
BELLEZA EN ADOPCION SUPERRESPONSABLE NECESITA U HOGAR PARA SIEMPRE
Thank you botanybox for some Monday inspo. As they said it up . Kindness is the new cool .
This is what a hero looks like
Wish me luck huhu..
Three tags to make sure he gets it. I just really want to see Ted in the MAGA hat.
28
Good morning everyone! Happy Monday and have a nice day this week!
God Bless you from
Come a LONG way
Asap!
It's a jam
Hold this lead!
Please and a striker too
Brilliant tweeting for many thanks
Ok so I been sleep sleep on my Twitter I sincerely
so sorry for your loss. I will be voting Prayers to you and your family.
Hope you have a speedy recovery Joe! for you!
!!! HELP UR GIRL GO TO HER FIRST RAVE !!!
looking for an escape ticket !!! anyone selling ???
RT please
Namaste.
all the way
Come on people
love my nigga . we gon have to line something up in the city one time
Obrigada Senhor pelo meu trabalho !!!
No lie i love my city ion care what nobody say we really the livest city in the state! Cincy niggas be built different...
Needless to say my FIRST EVER time performing was a SUCCESS thank you to for having me I will be
Robert
Thoughts and prayers are with everyone involved!
Prayers!
Will be at XU the whole day today! Good morning!
It was an expression of love through an internal joke, don't sue me for hate speech please
Good morning ji ram ram
Abdul Jabbar was holding it down for the Kareems before I got here
thanks so much Travis love you
I still have 8 days to convince my parents
Matheus 4.19
this is wonderful!!! thank you for cat momria.
Yo savage I played you in weekend leauge before ,I was STUCCH13 you beat me 35-21, good game fan
I read this tweet and then said And then sat down and wrote over 1,000 words. Thanks
THANK YOU!!!!
My pleasure friend with kind heart!
My baby is a true professional and sometimes a clutz but a damn good performer glad she's okay
All my friends are cute and I wanna thank the lord for making my boys some real slayers
Please
Just continue in this good form next week. Thank you
Amen thanks
Check out my episode SOUL RE-FUELING SUNDAY! PEACE BE STILL! GOSPEL/SOUL PLYLIST)
Hey Dee glad your enjoying it! Wow just saw
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please Adopting a
Please
Please
Please
Please Adopting a
Thank you for your service
Please
Please
Connect at Lancaster Baptist tonight at 5 pm!
I prayed
For anyone who just can't get into meditation -- here's another option to still reap the benefits
Amen
Please
Please
Please
Please
Thank you for being what we all in recognize as Real You did more than you
my
Happy Birthday beautiful soul.
Thank you so much just discouraging sometimes because every time I post on Instagram I
Exactly God Bless you and your family
Today is my birthday
Happy birthday to me
God bless my age
My system have been upgraded to version 3.0
Oh! I forgot to share about the yoga wheel I found available here in my location. So yesterday while
Running errands. Well, carwash then mani-pedi!
Thank sweet baby Jesus for this quick, great tasting,
God Bless!
1 , 2 and 3 pls
I know this is really difficult but I want to be on a song with you....
Please, 'Boys, make my wish (pipe dream?) of a big comeback come true
And increased Pokemon bag storage would be nice!
I playing, but if feeling real generous, SimM.
Ameen
Thank you twitter for making me feel happy when sad good thing u did there
Please Lord make it happen
Flew my parents and sister out to Vegas just because. They were overdue for a getaway
praying to the sky
oppars naega really jinja saranghaeyo I can't believe I'm messaging you imnida daebak! OMO
Hopefully, she's enjoying her birthday in the great beyond.
What a queen
Yes please
Amen
Cathedral Basilica of St Francis of Assisi a must see whilst in Santa Fe "I am not religious but I feel so moved "
B L E S S E D
here's hoping that it's still in vogue
Wishing all a wonderful week ahead.
Oh thank goodness the restart time has been changed to 7 hours from now my prayers have been answered
Thank you! Love your pla. And that green and yellow go great together.
My words exactly.
Your mom is smiling in heaven watching you play!
Start doing routines, wish all is well
really need to watch on
Thank you
just scary how good he is !!
Have A Happy, Blessed, & Soulful Sunday Everyone...
Three weeks and 3 races race season is here
Ah love you thank you for letting us borrow the
Cooee wherever you are in this massive building
Prayers
My mans is truly my best friend thank you
ive made so much money in there past 2 days, im now a hawks fan
D O M I N G O
Whoa, a logical Tide fan. Way to go Nick
Oh please kick his bloody orange ass
This (I don't know what he's)"thing" is too much dangerous
Thank you
Huzur
Really enjoyed set at FVCK Genres! Big respect
Good times. allysonmaeve and miss you AT&T Park
May God heal her and keep her safe for you and all of us
Por los enfermos
Sir i want to meet you . Can I ?? please
The Trump Prophecy Movie: A Very Spiritual Movie of Faith Spread The Word!
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please Post -
Please
Please
Please
Please Post -
I really hope he'll be better soon!
Really happy to have you in my life! Room for everyone in my home ( might be cramped if everyone
Thank you, Lord!
Thank you: sweetie...pauloluwalere .it was and is great being your "secretary and
the plan! But 2019 my year!!!
Ty, that truly means the world to me
keep grinding. You're definitely blowing up soon
I'm not worthy BLESSED
AYUDA URGENTE PROTECTORA MIRADA LIBRE DE LO HA PERDIDO TODO RT GRACIAS
So sorry for your family's loss . Praying for peace and comfort for everyone
Working hard at taco bell only to be killed by someone close. Cold cold world man
inspired me Robert, Imma go ahead and block you too!
No worries. Good morning!
WARM BUT STILL A BIT SPICY... A GOOD CHOICE. sora and nozu yelling about seishun and swimming in
i'm praying for her fast recovery
Added to page
I just want to know my friend Courtney was saved today AND she will be getting baptized! All the praise belongs to God
Thank you
Thank God for eventually sending me a right person, making me feel so secured, being loved, comfortable exactly on the right time
komowo! Vitaminan mi alma
Muacks!
hay you gorgeous this the 1st time I see you in here! How weird is that! You are forever welcome, indeed
Endless gratitude for the encouragement of my friends, but it's my enemies who truly motivate me
Glad you found it helpful
Always gonna retweet you
2019 so excited i wait
Happy birthday legend
Gained like 10lbs from this hunting trip
live
this too shall pass
RIP Charles Wang.
Seriously, can you just use a dead whale or something? Please stop putting it on my feed.
Who did thisss!?
the new love of my life. Thank you
lol, yes, he is human
please retweet my tweet
The Suspensions are fair Thank You NBA for once again being GREAT and Just in not throwing the hammer down any harder
Thanks to everyone who came out! Penny had a blast!
thank you Justin!!!!
Thank you
Following all Awake friends. Thank you
So sad May God Bless and Rest souls
(get_repost)
It's about the message, not the messenger
Sad news. Thoughts and prayers to Wang's family.
This would be a tough day. Lez do this
Stop venting & start praying
Good Morning Godbless you
Lo fallo o lo bloquearon??
Ayyyy now rest
God will heal her.. Put your mind together and be strong for her.. Dont entertain fear. God's speed
Did you get good qn for miyagi??
Looking for some $rvn at a discount.
soo sorry Lizzie praying for ya
Yes, yes!!
Gosh, what a jerk of an illness. Come on immune system, you can do it!!
Retweeting this to bless your timeline
I hope somewhere praying
retweet if you're with our amazing
He will ! And Kaia ! You both will do amazing I have SO much faith
Pay it forward when you can
Thank you
By the grace of God .. Jesus Christ is my savior
Much love to yall keep killing it
you guys need to do this together
on fire.
from - Guys support me by watching and reposting
Dani & Lizzy - Dancing In The Sky | Cover via
can this be my future?!
always aware and release the attachment of the world to live peacefully happy monday yogis
Another milestone for the Homegrown.
Congrats to on making his debut!
Wow what an amazing thing to come home to Shoutout to Central Arkansas and for the
Killshot too.
Thank you I think your was beautiful to there is something special about ginger cats
Be Still And Know That I Am God...
Dalhe
Word my brother.
Stars will align very soon.
Bless the devs of AC Odyssey because I got to see an oiled up Kassandra participate in the olympics
Satan I see what you did here, and I rebuke you in the name of Jesus Amen
Justin Tucker thank you I know Ravens fans are sick right now
so very sorry. This happen.
Amen
geceler
Once yu fck wit me an over yu goin understand how fckd up niggas really is cuz really a good guy
brave soul .. my goes out to his family and fellow policemen ..
That would be really awesome if my heart would stop racing like chill dude..
Thank you
I just feel like crying ! I that I lose . I lose myself ! God I believe you see all that I
Hope this will bring him some good results
your next , The best taco bowls are made in Trump Tower Grill. I love Hispanics. And together, we will
Baptizing my nephew was the best part of my Sunday!
Trump is sleeping at the wheel. Thanks Jesus My Lord for Real President John Kelly. Grant
I'm back!
Resend chat
25th December
morning hey Monday
Exactly
Esto hay q celebrarlo
If only it were that easy.
Hang in there! You artists & almost of the Anons (good guys) are so awesome and are appreciated for all you do! Thank you
Where would i be without my headphones
5,596 miles, 20+ hours til I am home
Thanks
Thank you
I just found a pebble on the side of the street
Me please
Ok, hello LM5
Please have a show in Sydney or Melbourne around August 2019
4 years ago
Prayers up
Please
Please
Please
Please
Glad been embracing the inner nerd within you
Also wait for episode 13 the
RT & follow
Day 22!
Please Furudate give me more Shirofuku content
Wow 2 tweets with make that 3
I am SUPER BLESSED!
-
-
-
-
Sun is shinning! I have my good health and good health with my family! Blessed to
You made me laugh, which was needed!
World Series
Ddgers 2018
man. Bucs fans will be here for ya!
Esto hay q celebradlo
Madrid want Jose thoughts go live
Guys please pray for me. Today is the first day I do my mid semester test in my college life. Pray for my brain
Happy Birthday May god bless you with many more
Goodmorning
Not everyone who pertains to be ur friend is your real friend. Family & money over everything
Thanks for the wedding anniversary shout out
One down Forever to go!!
is a gift
so kind! Heartfelt thanks
You're a lady, my bad
WELL SAID! Love this message!!! GOD FIRST and keep your family close no matter what!
Houston blessing us with beautiful skies rn
have a dime but I always had a
Thy will be done.
We need God to help us, save us from doing dumb things that cost us a win, and to help us get it right.
AMEN BROTHER
Please
Please
Not everyone who says is ya friend is ya real friend. Family & Money over everything
Please
Please
Done!
Seafood stuffed mushrooms. Amen
Make the best of the days we are given. Serve others, be kind to one another. Give thanks
Do me a favor and subscribe to my channel
Thank you
Good morning! thank You for this day, Lord.
Beats king Jeremy Buendia
thank you for playing, means a lot
Pray for all those in authority.
1 St. Timothy 2:1-2
You allowed to be hurt HE will see you through this and get you healthy. for a speedy recovery Keon
Congratulations on the engagement yall many blessings to and Baby Ava
The Bible won't help me ....that's what they tell me but them lie bad
over everything
Thank you. I love you guys. Be safe. Praying.
You welcome bro
Omfg he unfollowed me thank
God bless you too Elaine! Especially sa acads life Kaya ta ni
Retweet my pinned tweet for me if you fuck w me appreciate
This is truly heartbreaking! Sorry for your loss! Just awful. God bless you
God, it's your choice.
Thank you
Thank you for sharing! This is important
Dude your rules not mine. In my opinion
Thank You
you get the memo? You allowed to be hurt Ever! Get rest on that knee. Prayers for a speedy recovery
Well now we need these stops or we lose . Please defense Alex Smith
Better view of my new tattoo by veksvanhilliktattoo Hope you like it as much as me
To my soulmate
It was a very lovely Exemplary UNIVERSITY Course Lecture
GOD BLESS YOU
IN MY MIND,
Dude your rules not mine. In my opinion
Please
Please
It's Monday
I'm Breathing
I'm Alive
I'm Blessed
I'm Humble
I'm Thankful
God Is Good
God is Great
AMEN
Amen I hope they see this
Damn bro, appreciate that forreal I know you doing your thing too
nunca criticado por mim
die for that interaction! I didn't knew I need it until I read this!!!
y SIEMPRE Take care of us and protect us FOREVER Los Angeles, California
what a super hero ! he unleashed the greatest power of all - the love of his heart !
thanks man!
Florida classic here we come! an amazing feeling getting recognition from the UPSL .
You welcome
I'm an only-child, solitude is what I'm used to and what I've found comfort in
Billie Eilish an absolute gem
Blessed to have watched him
Your blessings are coming just be patient. In due time, just trust God's process. He has a plan for you
Gogogo! On the rail with fingers crossed!
Share some love with a real one
Hope things get better for you Adam.
proud of you do that shit.
I have been right so far, I hope things go ahead as I imagine.
Thank you for your support, handle restored, I am back
MINI MAIN PART I
33$ x 10 Slots
4 Winners
2 Advance to the MAIN
2 Advance to the SATTY
Please RT
Thank you so much for the support!
Same. Well, I'm barefoot so maybe it'll up my chances! I've someone get it at just 7!
Update on my last tweet: sushi has been sent C/O of Josh
Please, please please Lord Don't take Molly away from me you know how much I love him Please Lord heal my love
Huge thanks for the add !
thanks easy
I really like your tweets! Both inspiring and representing exactly how feeling at the current moment
Amen Goes Right there !! 2 years ago they were praying to Allah in the Whit House .. Vote
Or created Day One.
God is Great.
Always
One more team to lose
[After event 23rd National Book Exhibition- 181020]
Hit you with the ddu ddu ddu
Record by :
Wow, love to hear that from you! Thanks !
Check the new one out titled by please get an additional speakers I beg you.
Amin Amin tin
always listening
Kindly Follow bck boss
Whoever Brought Up This Banner Idea And
God Bless You Back
I'd like to thank Justin Tucker for missing his first extra point attempt in his career couldn't of picked a
Praying for you We getting drunk when all over .
That HUSTLE though
Tag your besties Like - Share Comment Click Link in Bio
Expect the Unexpected.....epudu vadultado vadu dallas ni
Factsss Me too
Just one last step and I could finally get this job just be confident self
some of u girls were never rlly my friends lmaoooooo smh so sad but thank god for the true ppl I have now
You always sweet, God bless you and may He perfect all that concerns
Sexual AF
ALL 's Fan.
RT if you satisfied with this piece else comment below.
RANKING TILL NOW
Credit
Game needed
Thank you big sis, I am grateful
Please
Please
Please
-
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
- Limited
Please
Please
God's favor
Only after consent.
Aww G! Sent
It no hard feelings, I just fuck with boys from a distance. a better me when a solo me
Thank you indiansforca for this honor ! Very humble and motivated
can i date thanks
Wow! So pretty! You are so good and I feel very flattered that you used that photo for your art. Thank you!
vote for me and help me get in to the top 3!
It would make me so happy having your support vote for me
Commit your work to the Lord and your plans will be established Better Pikin! Person Wife
Happy birthday brotha
Many blessings Sara Hope you have a great day my gyal
I see u outchea
Guess you want this for and all of America right?!
Cowboys are actually giving the fans some hope
Hell yea
Preach still sitting in a good spot though
Thank You Father God
Happy birthday famo have a good one
Aww thank you my friend for the wishes I hope you also having a great day as well
Thank you so much
Happy Birthday wish you abundant love and happiness now and always
please do it saying "And I was like... Why are you so obsessed with me?"
Be a blessing towards others
Whoa! Not even sure how to respond... means a lot you feel that way. Thanks Tyrone
H.A.P.P.Y
thank you so much God ,
adnhomecomingofficial ,
my friends/nanay
janet_staana noraidaganigan
Bless
Many blessings Nicola Hope you have an amazing day
Blessings to your peaceful sleep with sweet dreams my lovely lady!
Domingo de Paz
Yes, they are truly inspiring!
Dear Israel, please this man just escaped from Ignore him for the sake of humanity
Happy Birthday ji
difundan
might break it since on the planes.
Muita
I appreciate for all the Maika art
I love it thank you
thank you for this John
And sew... it's the time for all that which doesn't best serve you
It seems it is Day for The Princess Bob Family
Arrives early
..
Rise ..
Get A Guaranteed Slot Now With No Personal Info Required Join The Money Team
hopefully
Good night kitty with blessings!
Even slums in India get better connection, praying for you
They stopped DM and access to tweets as well but now all restored. Thank you for your support
Trae ice young
to have you. May your day be filled with happiness
J por favor
HELLO THANK YOU THANK YOU
What a throw by Dak and what a catch by
Jealous
Thank you so much aunty
yes please
Boa noite
Abeg show me where I can find it, let me see for myself
Please
Please
Please
Please Min. Jim Eubanks
Please
Please
please bring sam kim on nct night night
thank you fam
Please
Please
Para quienes vayan a ver a el primero
DIFUNDAN
Thanks Coach good luck.
Hey we need to get to Chicago for the audition
did that !
Radiopharmaceutical for blood oxygenated ?
Pray, hope and don't worry.
- St. Padre Pio Padre Pio Church, San Pedro Sto.Tomas Batangas
I had no idea blocking someone hid their notifications (I do it like at all) thank you
Merci
Sacrificing What I Want For What God Wants Any Day What I Want Only Gone Get Me So Far In Life Lord Take The Wheel Guide Me Your Way
Hope it does this time thanks
dear EA gods please bless me with great reward packs
I'M SO PROUD OF HIM
HE DESERVES 1ST PLACE
Blackbear and mansionz all in one night was the best thing that happened to
GOD BLESS ALL OF YOU MY FRIENDS AND YOUR FAMILIES AMEN THE WOLFEMAN GODS GREAT AMEN
SHOOT YOUR SHOT KING
Just paying it forward. Ty
Please demote more sick players so Rank S gets back ON. Really good support faceit
Thanks for repping us Skuljunior...Balenciaga X Lacoste X Umbro from Bode Thomas
Truly... I hope u have a good rest of the week
Big thanks for the tweet!
I pray for Taiwan
My heart pours out to these flood victims yes
Much love lu. He gettin taken care of up there bro
You were part of that recovery story, brother!
let's continue to vote for wanna one guys!!! pls help in getting them the awards they deserve
Any of these please any day.
Please follow me
Jesus 100k for this kyn time congratulations though
Come From A City Where Laying Down & Stayin Down Even A Option
Bro
You mean my own alert? I can wait he Hehehe
please pull this off
' Someone Like You '
respond shortly, basically turned into Captain Snooze with Endone. But very grateful for your sincere thoughts, thank you
This will be fun
AMEN! Praying the same for you.
God is so great
Praise GOD ! TO ALMIGHTY GOD BE THE GLORY FOREVER AND EVER AMEN !!
Out here working
You are VERY welcome!! & Thank
I need that, come back !! please
Hi Wendy hoping and praying that you are feeling
I love this
Dear there is a diffrence between satire & abuse
Bless the Lord o my soul.
Worship His holy name.
Praying for all of you.
hope so
May I add "NOW" after the word "call"?
Mah boy congrats man
You more than welcome my Friend
the software they built including the delicious add-on - which I loved!
done, bismillah
Thank you
Still Feel Me Challenge x / Big S/o & & Two Uprising
Hi, Can you please say something about believe 20
Please
Thank you for making my monday better
i love how the parents i babysit for always encourage me to give the kids melatonin like thank u, makes my job so much easier
Halsey lowkey flirting cheret.. but yes praying for collab
day will be good . thank you Phenyo.
you said pretty my heart.
Another life changing message !
Thankful for you
Happy Birthday
My best friend My daughter and my cat are all I need
Aamiin.. Wish me luck
Thankyou~
Amen
Pfvor Deus e Realizem Esse Meu Sonho ..
for Jaxx!!!
Credit to : We need each other to love each other to shield each other to listen to each
Thank you for the free 5000 gems
Great podium to be on in Mexico, all the best!
For the last day
What to do MONDAY in the
Top Picks:
Hatha & Hops Yoga at
Scares at Nightmare
Please
Please
Please
Please
such a honour for me
Never mind lol Thank you sweet dreams have a Bruno Mars dream
You too
i jus want a cute nose bless me
I expect my Jordan Year to be like this but God has a plan
get well 14 points 5 rebounds 4 dimes in 19 min
Staying positive, trying & being hopeful to be among the lucky winners
Bravo
RIP Dae heaven truly received an angel. miss you baby girl
Staying positive, trying & being hopeful to be among the lucky winners
Bravo - soar higher
Last night was amazing they killed it
Cause it's the only way to much more open doors of blessings
praying that Nosey is able to stay in TN
Awww thank you much
Bless my eyes this Morning, JAH sun is on the Rise once again - Bob Marley
TYJ
No matter how Educated,
wish I seen Gene in this picture...
in all 50
Well hope it cures you your a woman being late is inbuilt in your DNA
Thank you to all the people that ever doubted me look at me now bitch
bro about to commit right now congrats
creds for editing help
I'll wait for that day
Wooow!! jealous deffo getting them done before the years out
EXO's incoming album Don't Mess Up My Tempo
La commence
Next 3 points against barcelona
Amen This is good
People are SHOCKED WE Knew God Told Us THE TRUTH! The Story Of David And Goliath Gets Archaeological
admitted to myself, my mom, and God that I need to fix myself. I want to become a better me and love me
tough L "WE" got 2day. Was good seeing u out there.
Chicago takes the L with u boyz.
2 c u out there often. BEAR DOWN!
My thoughts and prayers go out to the ppl affected by the floods in
Congratulations Family so happy for wait until the wedding .
Yes please we asked this question yesterday and we did not have any answer we need to know
Ur welcome
Love The greatest love unconditionally a guppy LOVE THAT LOVE HAPPY SUNDAY UNCLE
Amem Mari
here if you wanna!!! I hope things get ok soon
just showing some for
so sorry to hear that Mallory. Such is the world. I know they are happy in the kingdom of God.
Breathe, dawg.
We need more Sir Nicholas George Winton MBE in this world.
Opelope Anointing
Glad to hear things are looking up for you!
Good shit today !
Please
Sim
Go the fellas.
Saints & Skins Money Line bettors heading straight to church
Offense putting up at least 38 pts a game. hope Sony is ok
No words necessary.
u were amazing . Great acting . U and the team deserve an award
One step closer to Jason Garrett getting fired
Happy birthday Family! Words express how much of an impact made in me love you to the end G
WTB - Help RT
BLUE SECTION
if you have extra tix please do DM me
Saints & Skins Money Line bettors heading straight to church
Paso a paso
Happy Birthday
AGAINST ALL ODDS
let's continue to vote for wanna one guys!!! pls help in getting them the awards they deserve
After last night I can say my life is complete to many more to come to many more to come
Weed is good enough thank you lord
hope you doing great.. Id be of great joy if I get to know more about you
I hope so wish you a good health and god bless you
15 plus years of friendship my dude visiting Charlotte... much love fam
Can u get some rat pills and sleep?
Thank you ,,
These the last art you will see from me ,, im totally done
Bendiciones, Blessings
saves me so GFY
Saints & Skins Money Line bettors heading straight to church
Eevee CP609 L22
24.997743,121.296379
Screenshot check
/END That's it, thank you
trying to knock everything off my list today just in case God forbid.. I lose this energy
more than welcome Jerri
Sorry I been able to keep up but back now
We've been blessed with a lower rip AWOMEN
Please
Please
My deepest condolences to Tara Reid and her family.
Good morning
Them and Florida gone get us closer
Saints & Skins Money Line bettors heading straight to church
Thank you
Blessed
Deseo que...
We REALLY need to mic up the band. No one on the student side can hear them!
Diglett Normal CP398 L30
33.700553,-117.828361
Screenshot
WILL DO!! and if you have any ideas please tell me!
keep going mor tas num bom caminho
Wish you quick recovery bro
Please
Please
still got few im waitin to run into
Saints & Skins Money Line bettors heading straight to church
Prayers are with you all
Hey bro, I know the feeling. This too shall pass, you have great things coming. Promise.
OMG thank you
Respect
Grind grind grind yeah its blessed 2 albums unreleased music yeah its crazy
Sorry for your loss Martha , sure doing fine and watching over you
Alright welcome
Thank you means the world to us!
Me please man
PREACH!
Please
Please
Please
Please MaryBaldwin
Please
Please
Please
Please MaryBaldwin
No hill to high for the Pack
always thought that ya know, great to get some reassurance from a fellow cool dude like yourself.
Dedication right here
Thank you, as always, my dude
holy shit fredo. bout time
A former student of mine is missing. Would appreciate prayers he is found safe
Good morning everyone! Happy Monday and have a nice day this week!
God Bless you from
Thank you and when back be sure to slide through
Praying for the Trooper's full recovery
Thank you I am very humbled and appreciative for the mention.
Que assim seja
Enough said
Ghoul
My father is always so encouraging
at festac music tour.
The era Time to shine
It's a Pleasure performing on your stage
Thanks
Gandang morning....
God is good....His mercies is new every morning...Great is thy faithfulness o Lord
Happy
Oh yeah brother, big stuff good times, thanks for the hookup.
Thank you father
A Chris Brown & Tyga EDM Song?
This is about to be asf!
gonna be a new sound!!!
Word. 295/365.
Blessings to from my Monday morning of new week kind heart!
Please, keep praying to God about me
Bismillah wish me luck
You can have my share of the cold or maybe we can switch weather for a weak in winter Boston weather
Blessop Champ
Please don't tear an acl
Amazing weather today, please can it last all week? Thanks!!!!
Make Sure Your Next Is BETTER Than Your Last
Literally everything on this post happened to me, how crazy! 2018 has been a great year
Amen thuma amen
No wonder!
Shri Nathji in Nathdwara has 4 Rupas and his Darshan changes from Bal Rupa in the
Thank you so much for your tweet!
They are wearing white helmets this weekend
Goodmorning
Always behind you supporting you,
Please Take One (1) Minute To Pray For Kaduna!
Salim
God is so awesome that he turns nothings into somethings
over here praying that the doctor cancel on us last minute tomorrow (like she did last week )
praying for u!
Keeping my Tee in prayers If a will a WAY !
I went with Gulaaab Gang FYI, stunning film, thank you
all by the grace of our queen
Yes I have, thanks
Forgot to tell to send a prayer for my fantasy squad, never too late
I hope I look this good at 33
Sorry
bless my final exams lord
So blessed thank you god
Love those dolphins !!!
Save Flipper
Wow really, thank you for that! I will try to come up with something! So awesome. Bless.
Www thank you!! Hopefully I'll be able to draw him properly soon this sweet boy only deserves the best
No, thank you Hipster!!
All good bro bro
Wowwww! thanks for sharing, bro !
Good reminder. Thank you
The experiment can very well start in every city.
Completando mi gran fin de semana thx
Thanks for sharing
Dm me ur best ntr plots thank you
i hope you notice this
Auto Follow Back , Thanks
Can Ging appear soon pls i miss my stinkie
1 day to go ugh free tix please
No soy un soy una monja
We need answers
I enjoyed much! Thanks sa OrgCom! You did a good job, kudos!
Thanks for sharing Curious.
Done.. Please give me
Thank you, God, today's work is done.
Manila will be blessed
Following all. Thank you
Auto Follow Back , Thanks
our sponsors!!! 25 and counting! Get your teams of 3 registered
I cannot wait
LOYALTY makes a person attractive. It is better to be POOR than DISHONEST. Proverbs 19:22
.
.
.
Amen Mr. President
The little cottage that inspires me, is so peaceful... The birds the butterflies the bags just magical
This is a disgrace. Why do people have to be so hateful? The airlines response is pathetic. I hope the lady is ok
Plz Run!
I got you
Dom banten
Bismillah semoga beruntung wish me luck
praying that the convincing goes well
Thank you mother
Wow! That was powerful
When you see this tweet and then see you still followed
good luck everyone ... I heading to bed hope when i wake up there's some good news
Sorry for your loss my prayers go out to you
Hope everyone is having a good Sunday orders go out tomorrow make sure to place one tonight if you want to
Dear Dianca, Your compliment really warms my heart & I am so gratefulyour kind words. Thank you!
Patience is the key tho better days ahead
Purdue Superfan Tyler Trent Celebrates With Team After Predicting Win Over Ohio State
Thanks very much Makoto. This maybe a very strong U18 team my dear friend
heart just let in this gift from you
Hey how can I get one of those Golden Girls cereal box too? Can you help me get one?
AMEN!!!
Thanks for helping Patriots
Sis
That's why u think so
Thanks
Did anyone see the HUGE accident in palm springs? Wow wow wow
You look great no matter what you wear! Thank you for sharing
God Bless his soul! This is horrific! Prayers for his
Thanks coach
DONE
Beautiful words; I read them out loud. They're powerful and from your brother's truth. I'm sorry.
Thanks !
gracias por vernos
We SOLD OUT In A Blink Of An Eye Today Now For The Ones That Missed Out Next Week This Is The Menu
All the time!
Por favor
Prayers up
gonna take the plunge and buy it probably. BBC is so good. thank you for offering
Love you so much sis! Thankful for you my fellow Libra sister +
Ooo need a holiday / break soon
Getting really tired and exhausted at the moment but need to power through until new year!
Thanks Tandler.
Thank you! We agree and are working on it
Could you turn around please?
Speak it and believe it, you will receive it. Amen
.
My Prayer for YOU (and me):
May THIS WEEK give your heart's eyes a new or a refreshed insight into
PRETORIA were too hypeThanks for having your entire staff was just amazing to work.
Thanks !
me too
Cutting off my locs was one of the best things I could have did!
Semoga menang Winner
i humbly accept this title ako ides spavat laku noc!
Alyssa come to college station plz hahaha hope had fun
Australia !!
Yo Hefner, cmonnnn man
for inviting me to an event in support of who I so admire!
Pls do come in SG we still have available tix.
71 yards away from being my schools all time leader in receiving yards.. Lord willing. Senior night tmr vs. snow hill. Come out
Good Juanita!
Cancel the slate
Preash and ameen sis
RAM RAM in our nation court working just reverse
had put up to
Good as long as you know
Looking to join Please send me an invite. via
If you were thinking of scraping the gifting system please don't I just thought of you guys and girls doing that so yeah
Congratulations Boss
May he make your life happy and prosperous IJN!
I need you to wear that for Sound Off this week
Anything will help out.
(
you (you, the actors, the whole team) for bringing integrity back into the horror genre. I
Goodnight from Oklahoma Wishing everyone safe journeys
Yes gyud Lord. Please.
170
Good morning
This is what everyone is listening to. King! God bless you for this inspirational tune
Lovely week ahead lovely souls..
Sooo proud of you brother nill__________________y You see the vision from a different place First show done
Asked him not to change topic and he does it again Scenes when Quavo gets shot
Thanks unto God.
Good morning!
Be happy and safe.
Go Fw With His Very First Vid Go Like , Comment , & Sub If Ya
miss you terribly this year, big man prayers up for a speedy recovery
Thank you for letting God minister through you
Awesome news!
I took a hit and I can hear God.
Thank you for the ga
I'm from indonesia
Big thanks for the tweet!
Yo pls use Link in Bio
I am Begging oh Out Now
We shall not die untimely
We will live to Glorify the name of the lord
Amen.
Thank you so much do it again
Amen I am covered
Quarter ra inyo whole section jud amo let's go Block E
Good morning Gonna seat for 4th paper today. Wish me all the best!
Thanks Dr Ahmed
Thanks for all your hard work brother
Thank you
Me ensina Deus
Join me &
Ninguno por favor
bless they crushed that shit!!! please can both david's stay from orange tho
As long as not the only one that thinks so
reply w/ pictures of bluemin pls and thank
all say a prayer for Cheri. It must be hard for one person to take so many in so little time.
Allah yishfeek and make your recovery fast and easy
Thank you Abdul
Also made rice crispy squares with mini reese's pieces pressed into them
You are damn close but so long as people keep guessing under, I shall retain my sanity.
Thank you
If you speak it and believe it, you will receive it baby. Amen
They 3roke My Heart 3ut They Neva See Me 3roke Nomo
I aint ending up like my old friends, they nobodys. I wanna be a somebody one day so i can help people
Niver da Falcon
D.Selma minha
Prodigy of Mobb Deep - Young Veterans (Official Video) via Rest In Peace
NBA just started and already better than last year
I agree, it's worth the time and pain Thank you again dear, I'm most honored by your words
Excuse us PM ji we had enough no more
Happy birthday
I hope he ruin his NBA Career the Porter family have bad luck on their side
Emailed my professor and she let me turn in my essay rn. Lets get this degree
Oh my god, look who she is correcting. Anyway great job .
Woke up with this. Salamuch kaayo Bless up!
are in my prayers He was the greatest
stay strong beautiful even waste ya time on what other be think ! BE YOURSELF
Indian army we proud of you.
There is always, always, always something to be thankful for!
Amen
_
from - Drop a if you needed this prayer. Tag 3 people that
Really heartbreaking to see in this state. the rain stops. Thank you to the amazing every day people
Oh my god, look whom she is correcting. Anyway great job .
thankyou for the follow Robert
Is that 5 teams rocking color rush on one day!?
Yes! I am praying for John Cox to win as California Governor.
Thank you so much for your tweet!
Their love is a little different.. I mean their love hand sign~ Good morning!
When you have the day to yourself why not run 8 miles through nature to find the Great Spirit. Annadel State
Long Live the Queen
Happy birthday to the kindest heart and the hardest working woman I know .
May God
thanks for the retweet bro you're one of my idols
Thank you
Please pray for my granny
I'm always there for my fans! God bless you
If you know me share my twitter, much love
huge shoutout to & crew for helping shoot/edit the episode and taking the time to work with HyperChange
Will keep praying Brother that this time the is indeed forever!
Spam JK's bro with positive comments.
Tomorrow another day
Today free time got taken away..
But Brother had to come first again,
Took a day to get
I had a dream I would meet and she would notice me one day and I prayed and god is answering my prayer
Can I get an amen
I can see the sun starting to finally peek through
Jsjdjdjdir someone said we're all stupid and they never collaborated that they just took a picture but I'm still hoping
Thanks for your follow
By his stribes ....mom is healed
UNTA uy but an among proctor Ron
I can please have an autograph Sir Thanks
Sorry to hear that Perry I hope it is rebuilt quickly so you can enjoy it!
Sincere sympathies to his family and colleagues.
Thank God for the Cleveland Browns , - signed, the New York Jets
"Into your hands I commend my spirit." +
Their love is a little different.. I mean their love hand sign~ Good morning!
Just pray tbh
Voting blue bc I NEED to be a small part in saving our country and now, for you and your darling hubby as well
I we'll due respect by me insha allah after three years am waiting for the fussing out insha allah
THIS SATURDAY OCTOBER 27TH SAT OCT 27
Bringing You The Sexiest Halloween Costume
Note to Self. Have a blissful week ahead self! Kaya mo yan.
More likely you will be.
please screen Burn the Stage: The Movie in all your cinemas nationwide (esp in Leyte)
No, Sir. Sometimes I pay!
keep ya head up beautiful & & do what ever makes YOU happy even waste ya time on
I hope mine I need that Blessing Amen
Tq atok
Surprise birthday party from my son thank you for all the wishes
amigo
Muy buenas noches
Gracias por seguirme
Love to try.
2 more weeks of uni
Maaah. Thank you for replying. Xoxo
SO happy to see you Tweetin (part) of your excellent song (almost) bEARTHDAY MAN
I want it, GUYS PRAY FOR ME TO WIN THANK YOU VERY MUCH FOR THE GIVEAWAY
Have a nice day. Happy Monday every juan.
I don't pray but please lawwwwd
I really need God to bless me one break! Help my little faith with a prayer please
I'm so blessed
Ohio Basketball Club
Rest in Peace Antwen, God bless you sir
God ALWAYS has a Ram in the Bush
Gracias ing vamos por mas apoyen con la revista esta fregona
Brothas take care of you crown
Your daughter's really talented. I hv to confess that I've pilfered some and used them as dps for my wassap pic
Congratulations Boss
May he make your life happy and prosperous IJN
Blood
If this ever happened i wouod be the luckiest girl alive maybe who knows
Absolutely Elegant as always Victoria
I'm so sorry for your loss. Be good to yourself and reach out to people who love and care about you.
.@AvrilLavigne smashed this live recording of
Praying safe
Gotta love
has my heart pulling for a weekend home game so I can make it to a game this year
802-449-BOCK. Sorry for the typo if I missed your call.
be waiting
Playing billards is my stress relief
We control our own destiny as of now. So im praying we dont mess it up
This.
Amem
Omg. Wow.. .
Thanks for sharing your premium with the
Maybe you wasted it but you got a good lesson
Do I spy a CT date....... ????? please please please
MEMORY
Kimberly Agar showing me some love...
Missing you SOO Much
Errrm... You Don't Beat Loyalty, That's What Made Them Legends!
Sad Same Can't Be Said Of
I haven't heard anything, but I'll pray.
Damn... that sucks man.
EU VENDO O TIME DO FLAMENGO JOGAR Q TIME MARAVILHOSO QUE CONTINUE ASSIM EU TE AMO TANTO
I think the writing is what gets me hoping episode will be different
10/22
Libra
It's been you Yahweh.
He who has brought me this far will definitely see me through, Bless your
Trina that bitch. We love You
Your welcome
Agreed just gotta do it I really think we got this though
Thank you Debra! You are very kind to think so and, then, say so
Stay focused on the task of rebuilding Nigeria.
Can't take my eyes off the plan
For success you better not either
motivational talk
So 3-13 is a possibility?
hey all!! going to go live at 8PM EDT tonight i'm going to do soloQ tonight, instead of PBs, but i hope you
Awwww Tuley
You got it dear
epic seems like a cool project
Life has purpose and honestly I feel so blessed. self worth and preservation, build community, build god, the
Well said for all of us Trump lady supporters
This tweet, "RT Heta_org: HetaChain Twitter Official has reached over 30,000 followers.
Thank you all
This tweet, "RT Heta_org: HetaChain Twitter Official has reached over 30,000 followers.
Thank you all
Recemos juntas
Before i cry tho what a song
Philly
RIP Jorge Caso praying your family, & the rest of the families
Still haven't recovered from when I first saw it
Hoping for a sequel still
(don't get me
reply to this with your most underappreciated/slept on tweet and then rt this. we all eating today
for following us OneandonlyYOUNGGEEZY. Keep pushin and enjoy your Sunday! If you haven't already,
Happy Birthday Again & Again
Hope all your wishes come true love you
. RIP sweet soul...
Had fun on twitter first couple years
Free my first cousin
Prayers
Congrats Fredo & Jas !!!
Mamacih yg udah Dp buat
Expo jogja. . .
Prayers up & sweet dreams &
Thanks boss
Praying!
Paz terrivel
thank you!
DEUS A DE HONRA OS JUSTOS
+ Um pra conta
I can handle it
I am thankful for
1. grace.
2. my wife colleagues recognizing her love for students by
Please
Please
Respect
both the good and the
Nothing lasts forever.
Except for the Word!
vivian ngs nart fanart is
Can't express my feelings...
Please
Please
Please
Please
Getting the opportunity to earn a Ranger Tab starting in January. The work is just beginning.
ji This is emergency and something that will harm the harmony and leave a unforgettable scar.
Pls
I hope all of these people break up in utter heartbreak
If I make it in the booth then imma make it in the kichen
Please donate some brain cells.
My new favourite bad joke of
the day
I received actual pain when
reading it, it's that good/bad
this is amazing than you
Thank you so much !
Thank goodness our power came back on around 2 today. never did know for sure why it went off in the first
I grew up in Crestview, FL. 58 yrs of my life. I now live with my son in CA but I am praying you win this election.
Ouch! Oooo not a fun place to have stitches. Poor you! Heal quickly!
LORD JESUS Give us Senator who will work for US no complain no resisting. Amen
Oh... sorry my bad.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY God bless you Doc Enjoy your Day
This is very important Allah Ameen
Every time I start getting a little cocky, the struggle humbles me... like a daily lesson
hay thankful pa gihapon. :) thanyou Lord.
I really hope It'll me my first win in a Giveaway
The images from the Kaduna killings are something else. May God help us.
en Tw por favor
Keep your head up
Sexy ladies haha
Jesus Christ is the one we can truly trust!! Talk to him DAILY
I pray for this mother and the baby
Gonna need this waist cincher to arrive on time
That's amazing!! I'm getting inked as well real soon.
Please
Please
Please
Please
Kindly follow back
Please
Please
...He should make a good fan
Quite the informative meme
Ah good to know. keep an eye out for this! Thanks
Amen to that.
Bless my bro
Thanks
wish the best for tenten
I lay all of my burdens down at your feet
Shamelessly in my feels Happy Birthday Mister
Them tek this thing fi jokeout and about its a beautiful world!!!!!! Hartford, Connecticut
Carats! Please just sign on STARPLE. free and take a long time. Just do for
Morning
Seems you are very angry,upset with your Prez Why
Mam
Sorry for your loss
cheaper by the dozen 2 is on
Mourinho to Real Madrid?
NO, please! We already have a lot of problems to deal with.
Was just starting to click.
I'm sorry for your loss
Break a leg mamsh!!!!
please no!
God is good! Thank you for inspiring us.
San Cayetano
If y'all could take a moment give a prayer to Ruby thank you
I have never filled out a form faster in my life omg pls god be on my side just this
It took me 2 freaking days straight to prepare for this job interview so hopefully it turns out to be great
Follow me please
Your desire is my command
Hi my love, I love you, the most beautiful thing in this world Hello my most beautiful thing
I know there wasn't much lumark there BUT all that is really important for the story, trust me
Yoonmin AU
I love dick. Amen
Where Jimin is an Altar Server and writes gay ff about Namjin. He thinks about
Thankful for your support and friendship and is also thankful
Nice hope you guys do more soon I wanna be apart of naive bad
We are human!
Alhumdulillah pak produces always good bowlers
Thank you I agree I like the blanket but I make great babies
Good
I miss u
Y me Augusto!!!!
|
please lord let me have a little boy like this
Amen
you let me down for really appreciate it guys thank you
Please
Please
a dance cover of of made by you will complete my life
lean mi carta
Thank you fort speaking up. Too many tech leaders are trying to rocking the and staying silent.
How sad! God Save our babies
Hopefully not
LAN tourney in Cocoa FL in a week
Makuhita CP362 L17
-13.517712,-71.974914
Screenshot check XL
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Set the sun
Please
Please
Please
Please Helpful Items
Please
Please
Good morning Mam.I am touched by your nicely written words. Thanks
Thanks coach for the 1,5 year to lead Indonesia national team and your legacy always be remembered
Son
The wait is over
As we are releasing our short film seeking your support.
Here is our new short
Absolutely my brother
Our Team had a FUN time representing Family and with last night! Thank you
Stay focused young fella
Please let this be not true..
Oct 28 - Announcement With Brand New Poster
Nov 06 - Single Release
My Guess
Euuuuu to acreditando Finalmente
Very Good Morning
hold up
grab ur bible
pray like yr tryna make ur soul
revival
praise the lord
Thank you for liking this tweet
It means a lotssssssssssssss
What the Baby doesn't want you to hear: , I'm building a wall, OK. Our country is respected again, remember that.
done The cuteness, beauty, funniness, & etc. today on the gram has filled me up. Wishing you all an
Amen
Ppl"s may hve sop speaking , but i dammmm sure ain"t sop eating
Let's go, WARRIORS!
smoking the milkyway
Great post champ. Next time, please Lewis Drive safely.
So nice Simply wonderful Thank You
Had a great Sunday. Awesome worship service and sermon at church. Got some errands done with
Your welcome bro
Gracias por favor concedido
Prayers are with you
Sad u fret. The visuals coming outta trinidad aint pretty a tell u
Amen
Di ko talga alam kung anong ri-reviewhin ko sa elecs. Kaya chance please favor my unprepared mind naman ohh
My brother Cole strong ash Keep my boy in Prayers
We will throw them out from Telangana
Please
Please
Alright goodnight everyone, we waking up tomorrow stronger
Shubhodaya Suprabhata Namaskaras to all the Patriots of Maa Bharathi
Swamiye Sharanam Ayyappa
I pray to you
Jai-Jinendra,
GOOD MORNING Sir
HAVE A NICE DAY
Never stressed. Just blessed
World Series
Ddgers 2018
Sorry for your loss.
i respect your views, i just see it personally
Pls send my way all the feels
Lord please
CIERTO
FELIZ DESCANSO,,,
BENDICIONES
Good Morning Dear Sir Have Blessed Day
Prayer for a safe and successful surgery Sam!!
Whatever platform you have in this life use it to make the world a better place..
Swamisaranamm
we must pray to the yoonmin gods
Joe Mixon please go off
Kris Wu is very charming and talented, and I love him! please play more of his songs,
minha
Please
Please
Today is the last day. Laban TEAM USTP!
Today has been a blessing
Word
If I play my cards right tonight I could be in bed by 9:30pm
Prayers coming your way.
Fucking facts
Keep streaming KONICs n yasssss we're on MelOn's weekly Popularity Award w/ iKON Goodbye Roadwoahh 2
Happy Birthday Nie Her Dad Winnie is here partying with us
Selamat Hari Santri
MAlifeGA
Yes
MAlifeGA
Please
Please
Love it! Who knew its a thing? Thx for sharing.
Go for the win!!! Bring home the crown of Miss Globe 2018 ate Michelle Gumabao
Character Skins for online multiplayer mode is a must have there is over 700-1000 people who
Go for the win!!! Bring home the crown of Miss Globe 2018 ate Michelle Gumabao
Please
Please
Somethings coming
with the me with the
-
-
Damn bro!!! rip that boy Jorge dude was such good vibes and always hype when you saw him. Prayers out to all his loved ones
sooo does this mean are gonna bring futurama back
Have a great day ahead!
Blessed day to you
This was a trip
are you ready to play
Prayers sent.
keep your head up
My Ahgase Heart is hoping thank you for this sweet treat for us. If ever I'll be
Keep streaming KONICs n yasssss we're on MelOn's weekly Popularity Award w/ iKON Goodbye Roadwoahh 2
Hey the man! Go get that degree my brother and live your best life!!! all love my guy!
someday everything will make
lord pretty flacko jodye
I'm live! Please show some support
thanks girl.
Kawaii Tomatoe Lord
Yep
And if you would have never put it on twitter, none of it ever would have happened. Glory be to YOU and only you.
I am you wish me luck
Thank you
Thank you Jesus Christ Son of my Lord and Savior i love you thank you for lifting all of my sins Patience was the key
This is such a heartbreaking story and her family deserves to know the truth. prayers for resolution and healing.
So sorry for your loss prayers for you and your family.
The blue is back
Finally!
Let's wait and hope he will do it as soon as possible
Amen
Alifong2018
A lot of overs tonight.
We will know if a winning night first couple of drives...
praying 4 u sweaty that forehead is an almighty sin
i really hope they will put English caption in MV too
Thanks for the memories
This needs to stop! sorry for your loss
My grandfather fighting for his life just to see me make it the love I have for that man is endless
So sorry
It lived a good life
sorry.
You're my savior Mr.Musk
Thanks to my family and friends
~ Family Historian ~
*****Chuck***** celebrating friendship
Who wants to make you are LIT If you are blessed Don't be president
We hope and pray#MAGA
Well said Payno..well said..
To or whatsoever or whoever that relates to this article, STOP
be praying for u sis
Praying
Oh my goodness! This is amazing! thank you so much for sharing your recipe
I love that... thanks
Good god please let something go my way today and have the beat the
Any way I can help or spread some light... Blz keep ya head up and talk to someone, let it all out
Top story: 'Now complete. ' see more
watching the governors debate anxiously waiting for the questions on gun control, thinking of Jamie.
Thank you
You're too kind
God bless
I care if Republican or Democrat your
Happy birthday to me, thank you Jesus!!!!
thank you
Thoughts and prayers with you and your family at this difficult time, RIP little one God Bless
Sorry for your loss, sending you &
As always, it was great having you!
God .. Help me to take the right decision in right time
Next year will be our year fam.
Claim ko na yan. In Jesus name.
Promo month till December yan. Laban lang.
we learned on ScoobyDoo!
I hope they'll release it international
Please
Please
Please put English captions in the official MV JEBAL!
SO EXCITED FOR
Please
Please
Please
Please
tuned! Give us English subs on the video!! PLEASE!
Stronger together
for you
The Best Makeup
is a smile
The Best Jewelry
is modesty
The Best Clothing
is confidence
Daily affirmation to start you day with
I thank God for creating you ofcourse you're mom and dad also hahahahah! If you know what I
It's just PERFECT! I love JSC clothes and definitely will get this one for our cold European autumn-winter season
Selamat Hari Santri Nasional Kang & Ning
I have been having soooooo much fun streaming lately are so awesome and I appreciate you so much I
seeing people post bout the gym breaks my heart but yall keep pushing and be safe
Wow! Congrats to you too! Selamat berkonvo
Thank you
Good morning to beautiful Monday and blessings to your great new week my kind hearted Sis!
A good ol production
I pray Massachusetts residents wake up & flip this State Red they have
Mam Any update
Please
Thanks mate
Please help in need too
When You Focus On The Greater Mission And The Assignment You Have Been Given. You Propel Yourself into a Place
To: "Kim Hanbin"
I thank God for creating you ofcourse you're mom and dad also hahahahah! If
never going to give up on Dak Prescott
My condolences. Prayers to you and your family
Florida showing mad love! Appreciate the spotlight 386jamz here's a couple snippets if you missed it And
Thank you Thank you Love Back to
Thanks Doug
Amen to that!
Prayers up for a real one
Good night my dear friends and new followers I gonna jump into my dreams and hope I see you tomorrow
Thanks
Great ser humam fantastic man, good heart.... Benjamin.......
good morning sir.
Thank you soooo muchhh! If it for you she would of never seen it thank you
supportive messages
Hoping many of our will be attending -
Reposting
Retro Motivation Of The Day
I am sending you prayers for your surgery Thank you for your service and sacrifice!
Last Day of Sprts Law, Contr & Neg., Cramming for the Final Exam!
my reward will come in heaven
This is my neck of the woods. Makes me so angry! God bless this young man and keep him safe
Please. PLEASE do this.
Still not feeling well One week na ung sore throat, cough and colds ko Heal me Lord
You are so wonderful
St is very lucky to have your support
+.589
praying for everyone to pass chem 153
the big g followed me
Quickly reply asking for SM to upload the MV on official youtube channel with english subtitles!
thank you
Club Leak
please invite to in your program
has
Thank you Coach! You will be missed
Auto correct Selama jadi Selena atau emang berterima kasih sama Selena Gomez?
Thank you Mr. Rooney
Very wise
All set to rock tonight at Bareilly city
Jai Guru Ji
Arigatou gozaimasu
Ele bem...
Pls, come & buy Nigeria
Love my mom tribe
Thank you mama for your amazing work on this incredible thread!
done
Please
Please
Please
Please
Surrender to the flow, surrender to the process
RT Thank you Thank you Love Back to
Goals
Awesome!! Good for him
so sorry for your loss!
PLEASE STOP FOR A SECOND AND HELP ME RT
help me reach 1209 rt
I really want this and this is my first
please invite to in your program
has
RT Thank you Thank you Love Back to
i hope this whole gonna be a good week
Thanks
Amazing opening at thank you to all the people who came and the great team behind
Goodmorning monday jwu
goodmorning
For real though hiding right under my cajun fries
Thank You coach
say yes please
Make me one pleaseeee
Random past stroll around town ........... Found a hidden gem by the water .......... Cremorne Point
Bruh, if you could throw up a Gambit and/or a Lion-O, I'd officially lose my shit!
Family and all about to lose for a bit while I get deeper in this . Sorry but thank later
please assist us in circulating to your members
Thankgod for WhatsApp
Family and all about to lose for a bit while I get deeper in this . Sorry but thank me later
Tokyo Dome next year? Count me in
1k.
So I will start updating everything tomorrow since I will be less stressed yaay thank you for your patience
AHMADOU is all
Oh no this has got to stop ... Praying for his family .
PICK ME
Pch How can I win $1,000.000.00 Gwy No 6900 PLEASE
Amen
ingat po sa Japan !!! and enjoy the concert po ! thank you for your hard work
Hope everyone is ok.
the instrumental alone sounds great so i have high hopes
Yes pleaseee
GoodNite & May GOD Bless You All " n JESUS MIGHTY NAME AMEN
Shinjini Das: Quiere Que Te Acerques - Hispanic Executive
so much on this lazy Sunday,
Wish me luck later!!
hope so!
This life is a blessing
That's where it all started fam. Good pick!
Novas
i claim this.. in Jesus name
Rather than pray about strategy, make prayer the strategy.
Please visit my YouTube Channel please bago lang ako ... thank you and God bless
For the love of God
I need Naya's Ig live in my life
Please, please
With Brother Christer Kent after the yesterday...
Please invite to in your program
has
Thanks
Are you gonna have a chance to cut your Leesta Vall recordings while there??
Thank you!
Hello. Sorry we can't help to verifying ID. We only able to help to purchase
Ballet is a dance executed by the human soul..
Good morning good people
Your mom is adorable. Good luck tomorrow sending prayers your way.
GOD I Know You Looking Out For Me Through The Darkness
God is good!! always thankful and blessed for everything
Just ascended!
Pic 1 : Randies who want to destroy the tradition
Pic 2 : Devotee who wants to see god AYYAPPA to get moksha
Please
Please
Please
Please
any chance for a signed Jersey for my Type 1 wife?
Please president Trump send the military troops to save us from this dangerous invasion. Please
Wish me luck
I so needed to hear Mr, Robinson, Thank You fighting depression, been since 1997 now going
Oba prophetess wife, Olori Shilekunola Naomi turns Ife palace to Church
Jeff hardy fans are wholesome
Keep it up
I know what you mean
Lauren your words speak so much
I am so sorry about your Dad. Sending Prayers to your family
I had one of the most amazing experience at the Oakland museum today and be forever grateful
yessir & for that you are a real one
Thank you so much all I need is to respect my words and feelings
New day
New workout
Same Hardcore attitude.
Good morning world
That fear when your coworker is talking to and you pray they don't notice the puddles on your keyboard..
Words to live by
Thank you kitty!!! All glory to God
Amen to that..!!!
Icon
morre ag n, pf
Opened up some new monthly sketch commission tiers on my patreon a few slots left
And again
Daehyun, I love you too
Thank you bibi all glory to God
Good Night Tony. Peaceful Dreams.
truly blessed with chris for making my pregnancy super easy & stress free.
Please open your DM?
indonesia can i asked for caratbong? thank you so much
Kaya mo yan and in no time be with Engel na din. always in our prayers.
No doubt brother
Obg
Hello! Please we are hoping you and will consider putting English subs on the official MV once it is released.
Wish me luck
Blessed to take a dip
Pinahanga mo kami lalo so proud of you duckie girl ilabyuuu be godblessed you always
That would be great
Lord Please help me out another chance and I want let you down
My thoughts and prayers are with all victims and their families
Sorry for your loss brother
from South Ridge Church today special announcement
opening early dec 2018
Drive Thru Tap 'n Pray
open to all
Damn... This one hurt bad R.i.P Fat Shawn!
Thank you Sera! It really is the worst. But now that talked to him hopeful gonna be ok.
I Will make sure the nation catches this Wave BARBER//WAVER Featured Again !!!
Forreals
please help by donating if you can. If you please help by sharing. Thank you
Problems are temporary. GOD is eternal.
Almost done though
Good morning fam
I will do PCR method for my fyp today wish me luck ~~
I hope i will get the band! Jebal~
Have a nice day yall~
I find buy Benefit Hitouch
Please DM if you want buy
Everyone should learn to skateboard. Smashing your shin on things is a spiritual experience
both parties serving in Congress will stop our president from sending our troops to our Southern
Follow me
My pleasure and I thank you for bringing it to our attention.
200 followers!!! Finally! Thank you guys so much for the support
Thank you
Wish me luck
help by donating if you can. If you please help by sharing. Thank you
think do it but I finished my homework before 1159 bless up
Scary! Thankfully Paula is okay!
Amen
Thank you Lord...AMEN
God bless everyone
Thanks for your RT
Candle lights Wine, Holding hands, and Movies Great ahead!!!! Pray and have a Blessed Night
Praying for a better world to live in cause getting colder every day
Thanks fam...needed this
ATR REPRODUCIENDO LA OBRA DE ARTE DE NAM XFA
I love one man and his name is jesus christ amen
Done
Please pick me
Come back stronger brodie, stay
Da Daily Dose
"My Real Face"
Xochitl Dixon
please help by donating if you can. If you please help by sharing.
Assia
Dear God, please do not elect this man governor of Florida.
If "likes" could kill the DH...it's be nearly dead from my tweet.
is truly awesome
On my way to play the lottery
Argue??? No. Dear Wake Up. Have a nice night
Thanks man... Let's see what we can push o
AGRADECIDO BENDECIDO con tu alma ...!!
Fingers crossed! I teared up when I hung up
bless that kctup boy
Amen
This week is going to be amazing for you. Pray, have faith and stay positive. God is going to bless you this week! Amen
Big day tomorrow. Pray for me
Did they get hurt
Thank you for the quick night tour wala katugon sa kulba! Hahaha Qatar
Sending prayers.
Bless her heart and spirit
Motivation
Fuck la haine. tweets, merci
Mine too!! it's the best feeling & He loves us so much too!!
She *literally* manifested a halo in the vlive ...#ilHsm
God deliver us from wolves in sheep clothing n children of this world who in their generation are wiser than us
At rest with their Savior
EXACTLY
Okay Thank you for reply dear
My brother is being stationed in Japan next year. Prayers for all who protect us.
Brennan savage - reflection
Youtube Live Stream Feedback Submission Thread
Going live at 5:45 PST! Drop links below, be prepared for honest feedback
lets alk vote and stream please
Looking handsome in DP
Lala today is 's birthday
Its humble request to plzzzz wish her
HERE YOUR BRAND APPEARS in Jesus we trust 016 99318-2533
no more heartache 2019. Claimed it already!
Successful recipe of vegan shrimp with Alfredo just excited able to have shrimp-like stuff because of my allergy
What a damn good performance.
God Humbled me I was tryna move too fast
Starple
'Daring': Young man who foiled Nazi nuclear plan dies aged 99 via
Gracias
Thank you Marsha
Thank you
Please
Please
Of course I will pray, Carol! I am so sorry!
No days off what I like to see Keyshawn
Thank you so much
Bruh I need this
Wish me luck
Best of luck guys!
ahhh cute!!! good night and thank you for sharing your stuff w us
Glad you were able to enjoy some of your day that you have more days like that
Wish I could help
God Bless Our President Trump and May God's Angels Protect Him
Oh wow ! Ok and I can see that you see me cool thanks
Buneary CP1007 L28
22.339082,114.186904
Screenshot
two days to Scorpio szn, it is almost time
Lord, thy will be done Laban seniors!!!
notice this
Thank You So Much For Saying That My Man, Just Made My Evening For Today, You Are Such An
K.Hunt hurdle was
You all look beautiful. Rainbow the happily ever
Thank you once I learned the tools, editing can be as fun/rewarding as shooting.
Twitter always gives a chance to correct you
$700 commission on the first day of the pay period
Today working for $100/hr !!!
Be sure to Rt those for good posts guys!!!
Please for my distant ciz' kids PLEASE!
SIGUENOS BENDICIENDO MADRE AMOROSA Y DANOS TU SANTA SIEMPRE
When I stand before God at the end of my life, I hope I wouldn't have a single bit of talent left & could say: I used everything u gave me
Blessed Monday
Quite the birthday card. Thank you
You should be in a high security mental health institutions in TnT ASAP
Yuri's Birthday Vlive
Hope my internet stable enough to watch her vlive today!!
I Ur all dreams come true Taehyung.Thank u Angel .seeing u happy makes me most happy.
'Art Kim
God's plan
I had a blast playing with you guys thank you so much for the support
tauruses is all the same
Pray for Kassidy Cook.
my heart my soul my everything I love you Brian.
agradecer a Deus por tudo
To all practitioners out there, please watch this. be a few minutes of your time, but it
thank **you** friend for commissioning me and for your kindness throughout love this octo v much
God bless you on your journey sweet pup. what an amazing ambassador you are. -as fellow
Can't wait for Yuri's Birthday Vlive
Hope my internet stable enough to watch her vlive
HONK HONK HONK HONK HONK!!!!
*smashes pomodoro timer against a wall*
and now five minutes of meditation retreat
aaaaaand back to work
.
.
.
.
. diihalexandre
ciclonefm
.
.
Good morning too all friend
Amen
Please make it available on all platforms.
Yes, please
Jai shree ram
Truths Facts
I m for jobs MAGA. Win win win. God Bless America.
Voted for Republicans President Trump stays in office.
y e s
My prayer for the cowboys....lose the next 3 so Garrett can possibly go on the hot seat...amen
With that being said,
Anyone selling a Friday ticket for Escape?
Aamiin
The gun shot In the head in sequence during the scene is just fuckin insane good man!!!
the K
DJ.
What happened to your left foot? Hope it's okay.
Please remember to vote today! not difficult to vote, just a few simple steps.
with get_repost
THE GREAT BIRTHDAY MY
Buy me sumn next time
Bless
Ya they cooking something good, let's hope
blessed to receive an offer from East mississippi community college
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please, DOJ, let there be a sweep of at least half dozen arrests come 6:00am on November 7th.
Please
Please
Yung hirap ako magmemorize habang nagbabasa ng lesson pero here I am memorizing answers to the samplex.... Save me pls.
Good morning
I want a good news today please!
Good morning!
My lord show me right from wrong
Good morning
A blessed morning to you and Maymay
BMG by Edward Barber
Done
Please.
Thank you soooooo much
FERMENTATION
CHPTER 1
CHPTER 2
CHPTER 3
CHPTER 4
CHPTER 5
four more chapters pa akong tun'an pastelan GUIDE ME LORD GOD
Changes Things...
Have a look at this Statistics Boss is on a Peak Form Please Bring him back for the last 3
We are blessed
Thank you
waiting
Now a member of Thank you for the opportunity and
God please.
Hook my boy up!
please,
even the trials and tribulations
Have faith, Angel
Texas too, please ?
Morning I still managed to wake up today because I need to. God wants me to wake up and continue my life
last night was magical now I got a week till
so stoked!!!!
Celebrations Lo Koncham Jagrathaga Undandi Please Ye Okka Accident Jaragakunda Jarigipovali Ee Birthday
Happy birthday beautiful with all my love to U, may Allah blessU Ameen
Love U
yeah they suck...prayers
Siempre,
.
Thank you soooooo much
O brabo
Douking
Show
Celebrations Lo Koncham Jagrathaga Undandi Please Ye Okka Accident Jaragakunda Jarigipovali Ee Birthday
Blessings to you brother Larry
SOUHAITE MOI BONHEUR LE RESTE ON
Wow ahora si entiendo gracias
This ons pls
First RT
Hope I get an OP
CLICK EN LA FOTO!
I hope every member really stands out on the song with their superpower
Thank you for easing the pain of losing a parent even just for one evening.
Di Like & Dijamin Amanah
.
Hardcase Custom Fullprint (Bebas Desain)
.
Harga Ecer Rp. 50.000
3PCS CUMA Rp.
An OG crew of badass babes came out for joggers club today. Lucky
.
.
.
21-21 Sean Taylor looking down from above.
Celebrations Lo Koncham Jagrathaga Undandi Please Ye Okka Accident Jaragakunda Jarigipovali Ee Birthday
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
When are you announcing a DC area tour date?
Thanks for sharing Powerful and uplifting words.
Tremenda night! para cuando otra?
I have AL 11xx at original price, please let me know if you want to buy. thanks
one of the OG Dodger players since 2008 and his hard work is gonna pay off
I believe in them
While it is true, no one directs the universe, he will be seeing at different truth in the spirit realm.
CLICK EN LA FOTO!
l love you
\ /
\ /
---
| |
Dee Ford out there looking like Derrick Thomas coming off the edge
Doing his thing
Siempre, .
I thank god for the mind set I have at only 21 years of age
Thank you!! Hope you can find another ticket pa or better ma open yung GA
Pray she makes a speedy recovery
Same to you too Veerji
Man say he looking to go home and come back I hope alright though
Keep Praying Have A Peaceful Night
Siempre, .
Amen God bless us gd
thanks for the follow, I like your page bro. Particularly the movement based principles and vids
Goodmorning sunshine Thank you Lord for another blessing!
[21/10/2018 21:44:44] My Love : Longe Mais To Com Vc
Minha calmaria
Anytime brother
on here twice Different Spelling Savage first name, last
Por favor
Go go go go
Ao vivo
Fe, confianza, jamas he dejado de creer...
I have a lot of thing I need to work on with myself but trying
Lord please bless me
A saint.
Yay! Another answered prayer.
Bring it on, Abba God!
And this little is off to Que descansen mi gente, Dios me los cuide!!
Chicas colaboren
JIN BTS perdiendo ;-;
been found Melissa. Praise God. Thank you
When will the Solo stems leak?
She's a beautiful and loving soul - This I know
Si gcs a Dios
Love that Guru ji
Wish me luck Thank you!!
RIP to a legend
You do great man I hope you can film a complete sonata one day
Yay! Another answered prayer.
Bring it on, Abba God!
TOGETHER WE STAND...
Only thing is I gotta leave my mom and dad but for the better
Today I get the "day 100" tests drawn that determine whether or not I get to go back to school in Jan Wish me luck!
Awww God bless you all
Great keyboard
Love love love these graphics created by
And I cannot thank you enough for the blurb
absolutely. Gotta support the locals
Return of the King
Yo can u make some more diss tracks with jmx those were fire
few more days to go
Yes you did share them. Thank You
Gonz you know the power of prayer anything is possible through Him!!! Your wife knows what she likes
Please
Please
Let the battle begin! First day of correlation. Guide us Lord
So excited love Deputy Carmack and K9 Shep
Wow, some great advice on this thread!
Brodie. Gotta Trust it. You know this hooping shh will have you thinking all day everyday. Just gotta Trust God
Know this, the Bible itself can become an idol, as many worship the book itself rather than the One contained in the pages.
Hope that means new music
how about some dates in Florida? Yes please
.
.
I don't know, i'm not that kind of person who knows any update of movie, anyway thank you so much! Sorry for bothering you.
Good morning all my friends
This is a timeless and perfect tweet.
Then go to Turkey PLEASE
A pic at work today - I love being able to be a vessel to heal and guide others so grateful for the
hope u feel better soon
Merci
Prayers out to
Share
I'd like to know your thoughts on this ! Thanks
Sorry for your loss.
Please let everything be ok
Thanks so much man!
the work ethic of a star keep it up
Save Christian Teen Leah Sharibu from Death
Thank you!
please reverse your decision on
Ganda nitoo pa-grab po ng photos, can I?
I rejoice with you my sister. May her reign be glorious in Jesus name Congrats
Thank you Triple! so much!
G Herbo x Some Nights
i seen you with your child in saints gear earlier, happy to see you being a great father too brother. we all we got bro
Just so amazing so feel good so moving so needed now more than ever. Thank you
Finally
GOODLUCK TRUST THE PROCESS.
Congratulations
Thank you
Quero ir a um revenge of the 90's
Preciate this
THE ONE ON THE TOP PLEASE
Moving to new location and new job starts in two weeks. Thankful for growth and opportunity today
Praise God! You look so great Boston! Love all of you all!
More
GOODLUCK TRUST THE PROCESS.
- L
thanks!
Thank you very much
My newest film!!!
Starts FRIDAY
londonfieldsfilm
- - - - - -
An intriguing turn indeed. Watch the
Missing my love
Welcome.
There's a trailer for the new banner tonight? Please let it be units I don't want
Thank you Sakura-chan much love
Please
Please
Please
Please
Powerful. So glad the song helps & reaches. & also that Megan is ok.
Me in my room after watching trailer ALSO FOR THE 100TH TIME! GET A TWITTER PLEASE
Please
Please
Please
Please
Timeless song. Thank you
Amen
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
for following us Nuthing. Keep pushin and enjoy your Sunday! If you haven't already, you can grab
Celebrations Lo Koncham Jagrathaga Undandi Please Ye Okka Accident Jaragakunda Jarigipovali Ee Birthday
live with Decap Attack! Also some updates on my bizarre, technical weekend
YAAAAAS thank you
Do you remember when you joined Twitter? I do!
Daily Prayer - Sunday 21 October 2018
O God, who sets up kings and rulers and deposes them, we pray for those
My love and life
My ideal And inspiration
My life and death
sir.
Everyday I pray for you
If only they'd drop down a little further to LA
Good think Isayama did the time skip. Every woman is 18+.
With excitement we present to you our new collection
Click the link in our bio .
.
.
.
Very true sir
Thanks a lot bro! God bless
Good luck on
For the Lord is my strength
Prayers for U & Family... Sorry for my outbursts earlier... Having a rough life day also
Fix the problems in Russia then come at me
I REALLY want to play Nier once I finish RE7
ooOO I actually do want to clear out some clothes so I'll show u & u guys can pick from it when I have the time!!
Oh yay! Thank you
My dear King,God bless you to recover as soon as possible.
Pls share this story of hope and honor. And gratitude.
And such a kind and sweet soul.
Good evening everyone at KTLA
And
Good evening everyone watching tonight
& for all the fighters.
a tod@s
I agree, Betty. I see a vinyl record spinning dreams. Any idea who it was by? like a print of that.
Please help TheEastLight
2022, I hope
yes please yes please
Yea this was worth the watch
Fast forward sa 2019, please ?
Thank you!
Long live that nigga Bryson my brother 43va
Bienvenue
THANKS
thank you Lord paid off and worth it!!!
Oh Lord please don't let be the next Governor of Florida We need
Prayers
Every color small
I don't know how many of these i have but i'm glad i'm able to keep doing it and good art
Blessed to spend every moment
Gonna go get an ITB massage- aka pay to be tortured 1 like = 1 prayer
oh thank you for confirming it
I am sorry for my mistake
Just: Thank you
I only have one wish feh. A VALENTIA banner. PLEASE DONT DISAPPOINT
Such a blessing
thank God i live in this paradise
oh thank you for confirming it
I am sorry for my mistake
Be blessed. Be a blessing.
I pray you have a safe delivery
I need to prepare myself.
Laugh at your pain and move on !!!
Have a blessed day
U got me I believe in u
Baby, can you upgrade me from this MCM to a big LV?
pls let moonchild be related to 4'0clock
Amin e po
Scene Threesome with
Bring me one
oh thank you for confirming it
I am sorry for my mistake
Please keep and her family in your prayers ...
Please
Please
Please
Please How to
Thank you for your kind support
Follow back
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
I swear I never get notified when you reply!! so late but thank you love
Bout to pee clean tomorrow I dont want to go to jail
Family changes when times like these come about
Verizon really fixing there stuff because I get 3G where I spend the nights at now
I have a feeling that this is going to end horribly.
Thank you so much feeling very honored and grateful
Spread your arms and welcome new day, new hope,new life
Noble morning and divine day
I gonna lie them videos that I seen of Ashley was wild lmao happy birthday
Slept on first rounder wake em KJ
Thankful for another year
17 birthdays with rajanaveli thanks for spoiling me and putting me in check when
give me strength to survive this another 15 dyas of work without restday
Thank you, God bless!
THE UNDER DOG I LOVE IT THOU IM GONNA BE ONE OF THE GREATEST ARTIST TO EVER MAKE MUSIC
Congratulations Winning the is epic . May God continue to BLESS you
2.6 k views
Click the link
oh so ooh la la la is the teleportation song?? i can't wait
orgcomm
Thank you
The way they use their powers think Mel and Macy both had telekinesis ha ha We need old school hand motions
Gomawo admin buat giveaway nya,wish me luck
Oh damn, I read that wrong but bet yo
*speaking in tongues now* ooo cha ba la la! I rebuke ittttttt! Now I have to got to confession
Still believe I get paid to take pictures of people. What a blessing
You ok beautiful.
somebody must have taken your phone.
Also...they should just stay away if they can't.
If being genuine is difficult
claiming it
They can copy your formula but they ever duplicate Gods favor
GOALS por mariana and the
Best of luck to all the students during this exam period.
Herbalife will be starting back tentatively November!
Called, a nice young lady helped, she told him...all is good. Thanks
Assalam u alaikum warahmatullahe wabaraka! Have a blessed start to the week everyone Shukar Alhamdulillah
I am supposed to go to Singapore AGAIN for Sales Call but I'm praying for it to be cancelled.. please
Happy wedding anniversary Mas
so confused. have you found your heart and soul and moral compass?
really having a lil me , it crazy but a blessing
All these synchronicities.
Bless
Ele e Deus , Deus & ele
Thanks coach
Lord , I ask that you keep me , give me the strength and the mindset to make it through this week
finally some respect
Prayers up bro minor setback
If she would kill me I would say thanks lontano will play at me funeral
Behind you all the way-Sir
Former Dem, Praying That the Republicans Maintain majority of Rep & Senate! Praying that
me and God are going to talk a little longer than usual tonight
Love, good, happiness
Appreciate you my man
Blessed ass
Help us please
I gave up everything for the greater good
Good vibes for this week only.
You represents everything I want to be and so grateful for this! Thank you
why not try it, you will not lose anything. Thank you forma opportunity
please do follow back
Kinda scared I might have a torn meniscus Praying this X-Ray tomorrow show negative
Never hear the name of this village in Karak. Would you share the exact location of this village. Thanks
Appreciate it.
Amen brother, Done at Headed to Your all in my Prayers Pray for me
()
()
()
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Thanks a lot sir!
POR LA ETAPA...APOYA LA
i love you too, thank
hi t. haven't seen you in my tl..
hope all is well for you and yours...God bless
High five
You set the cat among the pigeons and it has restored some hope for a failing democracy.
Hugs to all the rich & powerful ppl, who put profits before people. May you heal, so it will help heal us all.
If I need nothing
, Went to church today wit the family enjoyed service
New buckle just came in...big thanks to the Lhotse 200 Fat adaptation can make the real long stuff much more
Please be real
Goodmorning
Thank you po Lord
Good Morning
$47 BTC urgently needed
Chatot CP563 L11
-25.315078,-57.574722
Screenshot
Omg sooooo excited!!!! Hopefully this album would be even better than The War and The War is already the album of the dacade
i wait to see you next month
A C Remix
ghost1spower
Now On SoundCloud!
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Do dreams come really come true? I dream to meet someday
Prayer for hope as soon veronica. hope she is ok
Blessed content as always
por los subt!
VOPE es vida!
Not a single NHL team wears the color purple
Bring back the good logo & jerseys full time
Omg sooooo excited!!!! Hopefully this album would be even better than The War and The War is already the album of the decade
Bye guys
Thank you my friend so much
Please
Please
Please
Please Cassandra's
Want to wish a speedy recovery get well man your team has your back always
Yes Sir
Thank God, i hope is good sign for next level.
Pray for the you want to end
Que sea
Thank you God
Thank you so much my friend
happening just now, send prayers
A Sunday well spent brings a week of content.
.
.
Please listen to this issa bop
Thank you for all of your hard work and determination Sara.....stay safe
vamos isi, pongo mis fichas por ti
Thank you
BEAUTIFUL. Amen.
Huhu hope i can win, wish me luck
Stay safe my guy
I say my prayers and put a cross over my head
good man, stay up i'm doing good, need to make some dinner tho lol
Congrats Came a long way
Equally predicted correctly please
Ever since I got with my boyfriend, my days have been filled with nothing but happiness I love it
Tweeps, normally ask, could we give tweet a like &/or a re-tweet
Deep fried chicken,mashed potatoes,corn,gravy & cornbread with a glass of wine
Please
Please
Please
Please
Selamat hari senin sedunia
Ohh God... he is so Gorgeous.. could not help it...aaaaaaaaa...
Please
Please
Please
Please
iyo fally . disitu lo fally? ondeh, dak basapo awak do. sorry wak ndak nampak fally do
Time for soft hours. Uwu.
My bad if I have been inactive recently
I thank you
Please Apologized
World LOST Humanity
Thank you kind heart!
impressed, Joe thank God for
Oh fuck. sorry to hear this
Terribly sorry for your loss
Good Night!
October 31 need to come on for great news from both appointments
Slowly but surely healing
. . .
LIKE COMMENT & FOLLOW
Miss you!! RIP Queen
Good morning everyone and have a cool Monday n a nice beginning to the week
Just booked my flight to Lisbon
No, head coach RT If an NFL executive watching/ listening
Finally
Better view of my new tattoo by veksvanhilliktattoo Hope you like it as much as me
Love yatei nice movie I'm your bast ferand
Insane man... hope he doesn't let this get to him
peace or sleep or something at least
sorry, did you say MEMBRANE? Are you promoting my candidacy? Why thank you!!
Your so fantastic thanks honey BEAUTIFUL TO THE MAX!
I'm so nervous fuck
48G's new saviour
Yessss & there Thanks The CashApp Flips might be the easiest
Continued prayers! Sam is one tuff Marine.
Please
Please
Please
Please Raspin
good morning!!! 1 week nalang, exams na don't forget to review and pray!
Dear God, If it's for me..... BLESS IT!!! If it's not.... REMOVE
Good Morning Prof.
Enjoy Your day
God bless you
Thanks
She would also
What a great man. R.I.P Sir
AMEN!!!
Have a blessed day ahead dong and my loves . We love you both!
Preach it queen
Thank you for the kind words. Happy to take you on the ride
Hopefully it gets dropped when I'm around for now i really need to catch some sleep
Good night or
My friend stole my crush he admitted before I do she said she like me too but am too
God Bless his soul and family
Yesssir wait to see this colab.
I appreciate that!
Keep calm keep calm
Agree - great story - RIP Ms. Higgins
Yesss meron din mga watercolor effect etc
Also aaaa dont be shy but THANK YOUUU IT MEANS A LOT TO ME
the only thing i fear is god
Buenas Noches Que Dios los Bendiga
Gracias mi AMEN
Nothing better than reading your bible
10.000 plays ya en mi track vamos por mas mas musica pronto
Aaaah thank you akdkfkgllf protect her...
Sad news... Salute to the Brave Heroes... May their souls rest in peace.
Absolutely.
MOTIVATION. Big bro be
jangan tarik the flexibility. please please please.
Mexico has a moral obligation to treat our Central American brothers well, the needs & understanding .
It's for a great reason
Hard work definitely pays off congrats to Seth
can I say I love you
Ur tweets are so relatable and needed.
God bless you
HBD SIS~~
Wish u all the best. Semoga rejekinya lancar.
Amiiinnn...
Convos with you are the best talaga you always save my soul
Please
Please
Please
Please
Amen
Hoodie season is upon us
Check it out if ya wanna hear a track produced by yours truly
Use the cannons
Greetings - you stated 2 winners. Here I am please
Subam a
Ajudem dando RT please
This makes me a proud alumna of the G.
Buenas noches...
this ep is probably a total outlier tbh but honestly thank u for the meal writers
I hope the hypothetical God stops them with the power of
from - We receive your words brother!!!
Prayers up for
It what you have in your pocket that makes you but what you have in your
Lord, all pass for all of us please.
My peace God is amazing
Almost there, Carats!
Stream, stream, stream!!!!! reach this milestone together!
Selamat Hari Santri Nasional
22 Oktober 2018
Its gonna be worth it
Last 2 days of the final exam! Be strong pa bb shie
Amen
Onco TIP...
In the Modern Hi Tech World...
Don't forget to have a look at ESR...
I feel like I've been reaffirmed
Hi Nancy I see your also from Canada how are you?
Sorry
5 lines in a soda can pray for me tonight
STILL GOT IT!! DA DAM THANG MANE I've always been a fan Homie
Im soooo sorry
Me plzzz
One day
May Allah grant you your heart desires.
Fast recovery
Patiently waiting for to be on streaming services energy is truly contagious
CONGRATS!!! BlessUp wnd Blessings.
MD !! Gracias
Just finished rehearsal for R&B Vibes show! I hope come out be singing this live for the
Yuppeee
I eligible for won this Oneplus 6T
Hope for win
Excited
Very heartening news just when zI was losing faith in our PM. Thank the Almighty
Gratitude and patience are lessons I keep spiraling back through.
Was thinking of you the other day lol. Hope all is well! I appreciate the love. Thank you!
The moment when you realize that one of the best of the best.
You are sweet; remember to please be fair to others
Any man can be a Dad But it takes someone special to be a Father
Thank you so much Jermaine
My brother is committing on December 17Th a really important day
Dom texted me to tell me about a whole discussion post due at midnight tn that I didnt know about. Bless her
Sempre
Fifty just blessed us
good to know welcome
Amen
Thank you. And the same for you, if you need to talk, please DM While I would have done anything
Yes. Thank you Lord.
Good morning!
Dear Lord,
All I want for Christmas is.. well you know the
I know you looked out for me on those
Amen
Lulus ya
Please
Please
Please
Please Get
Please
Please
Please
Please Get
Falles paredes has to have a button down shirt like that in stock left!
And, another one!!!
50K was the goal, but i got an extra 2,777 to just sit back and think about. also i haven't uploaded recently,
Yo quiero
Praying for His Family and Friends
My Great Grandma Celebrated Her 108 Sorry I Miss Your Party But May God Bless You With Many More
My ex is and always will be a mad b. no worries tho I am always wishing her the best like the bigger
Love and miss me while here, not after S/o for snappin the boi up
for this delicious shipment of sauces !!
Thanks for the Follow!
I need Donna/ in every single moment of my
IM *WHEEZE* WHY DID THEY HAVE TO BRING IT OVER TO BAP daehyun, it was me back there
Good Morning
Dear Santa,
All I want for Christmas is.. well you know the rest
the sims 4 get famous please come out soon I just finished making the sim I'm gonna play with to test it out and I love her
Sorry to hear that fam prayers up for you brother
I love your channel so much
Congrats on 100k and thank you for your quality content
any chance of any autograph?
Good night and sweet dreams my sweet Cher
Like an elephant sitting on your chest.
We're ALL crying.
Thank God, we're ALL crying
Gracias Dios
Please
Please
Please
Please
Good Morning
Crack of dawn sex is what really hits the spot
Thank you! RT You're great on both
Amem
My beautiful angels I wish you a good homecoming I send you a lot of love and blessings I love
Yes Lord! I will welcome with open arms all you'll give to me.
Good Morning
Nike SB Dunk Of The
(@get_repost)
Happy birthday to the late, great Carrie Fisher.
Aaaaaa forgive and forget, forgive and forget!! I keep repeating it to myself but so hard to do sometimes! GOD HELP Me!!
These are so great to listen to while work, thanks for making them!
If you're in Kaduna,please stay home!. May God protect y'all
since we're getting an ot9 comeback i hope sm let them to go to variety shows for their promotion
Good Morning
I really want this album huhu wish me luck
Fui show
Idk why but I need one
Made it to my mom's safe and sound... Always thank God for our safe travels.
Sending prayers for you and your family. So sorry for your loss.
Finally... we can sit on cushions and not straight wire and wood
T H A N K Y O U L O R D
Final Week. Final Wave
Can you donate $5.00? This is the real thing.
Please
Please
ever forget where u came from..
Wow hope Mexico can control this corrupt dishonest shameful behavior world is watching Mexico show your
if you find Cherry Bomb eng ver please share
Me too. Think how fired up Rich would have been for that P. Smith TD! And the win over the
WOW!!! I felt that! PRAISE the Lord!!!
sana maging successful ang aming event bukas
Celebration By
Pure Mass Craze Of Thalapathy
Can't Wait For the
the 2nd highest paid defensive player in the and worth every penny.
not there yet, but gonna get there
Day 4/365
Productivity pls
Wish I could vote for
my Brother!
Prayers up
Therrrrrrre we go!
Lisa's about to hit 9M followers on IG. Praying she will post something today
from - DAY 2 - Tried our best to get to as many people today. Tomorrow
def not implying rimbaud had anything but Big Libra energy btw. but for the season ahead we must make an offering of the season behind lol
Our L4L Television 3rd Anniversary lunch - thank You for supporting our ministry!
Buenas noches buen descanso
El7mdullah
Your str*p, please
Our L4L Television 3rd Anniversary lunch - thank You for supporting our ministry!
Jsk aapko Sader Charan Sparsh Sader pranam suprabhatam
Welcome
No, we haven't In Cala D'or there was no problems... Thank you Jake for remember us
has written an article on this. Pls check his tweets
Table 1
Have a nice life. I'm done trying to be in it. You were a great lesson, thanks.. May Allah protect u
sei o que isso mas go off i guess.. we stan a informated queen
Be still! All is well
PROMOTION
.
YOUTUBE FULL VIDEO IN THE BIO
.
- BABY BROWN / BOOKING & SHOWS:
-
look at this hilarious tip my husband just got in his cam room. ALLELUIA! AMEN!
thanks bro
Too young to be old
Happy? Birthday self
I thank GOD for another year and to all the blessings he gave to me
Stay stron, Chris!
Start from today
thanks a lot
goodluck ate
Gee Wiz ... Hope everyone ends up
At least 30 people have been injured after a floor collapsed
A brand new day, week, and life ahead. Puuuuush! Thank you, Papa Jesus!
I said a prayer for your upcoming surgery. I hope all goes well.
Is there any way I can get a follow back?
*flashback to
:
Starts with our connection to earth with our feet waves of wind making minds
no.1 on my wishlist...oh lorddd pls!
From PADHALU Konda paina
Please
Please
ohhhh congratulation jii God bless her
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
Please
[ ] Thank you, my dearest NCT127 hoobaes.
Happy Ending unta ni ang love by chance
Friday I leave for a vacation of a lifetime & the has satellite TV so I can watch
Fuck this hit me hard
Great story tonight. Did your Mom proud
I really enjoyed your talk with Gary recently and look
great our PM holding Lalit Ram hand which shows our prime ministers humble attitude .
Aamen ty Rana you too have a beautiful day
Ijin follow ya min
You're the best man. Thanks for all your support
Good morning friends
sat sri akaal
Please bring this to the US.
is a wonderful
thing for both the person saying it and the person receiving it.
Good morning my dear honey
Neighbourhood sunset
Welcome
Niggas ain't dying or going to jail no more .. niggas going to hell
yo insane stream today on twitch! Shoutout to for the insane raid my man! Very much appreciated
Lyndel! I was standing right next to you and realise it! See you tomorrow. Melissa
Yo the is amazing. Send me one please? Thanks.
hope
FUCK JAEHYUN YES AMEN
Say B, put that pride to the side this shit crazy when you love a lady she playing game
ESTE PARTE DEL MAL
LLAMADO "CHAVISMO ORIGINARIO"
DIOS NOS AGARRE CONFESADOS
I hope and thank you
Want to AMAZE yourself and others? Want to CHALLENGE yourself and grow?Want to have a MAGNIFICENT time
nanba nanbigal
JUST BEACISE YOU TOOK LONGER THAN OTHERS, DOESN'T MEAN YOU FAILED. REMEMBER THAT...
Just really need to stop overthinking over everything and get myself stressed out. Just blessed to have people to talk to, to help me out.
Prayers for you my guy.
Coating lampu lagi merecik kata cust . TQ support
.
*Syhr* *Coating* *Headlamp*
.
Selamat hari Santri Nasional
Thank you!
FULL HOUSE LAMIN DARANKA FOREVER GRATEFUL
Good morning
It has to be so so close
day 1 of water fasting
So well stated! Agreed!
Wow, ya girl got some clout today
Done. May the odds be ever in my favor.
Good morning!!
Please
Please
Please
Please Pete's
Please
Please
Please
Please Pete's
Terrence is loved by many of us we are family
JAIROGLYPHZ IM ON THIS!!
My guy proud.proud.proud brought my idea to life, AGAIN!
My new venture
To all my beautiful clients please give my new salon page a follow
Come hang out on the stream link in my bio
Okay but all bullshit aside, these girls are geniuses
Thank you for this blessing. The song is so good.
OMG!!!!
My birthday is on this Thursday and my big day and can you guys wishing me happy birthday to me on my Twitter please and thank you
I hope i win
Same here please, thanks
I just wanna take a second to thank the good lord up above for everything
I love my Momma Lenore prayers man my heart
Yeah, may Allah make it easy for you nd me
Today, be the reason someone feels loved
Hope things are getting better for you Still hoping things will work out man
Thanks
Jazz Daiquiri Lounge
All praise and glory to God forever and ever.Amen
Happy to see you tweet
Prayers back home
a deeper experience for those who say, And pray to be prayed Everything in His time
this is such a sad reality. i pray u become immune
God bless you. So sorry for your loss. Lord be with your family!!
yall new screen saver thanks
Cause and effect. Ty Trump Really hope that these families stay together.
Migrant caravan continues march
and pray devoutly to you great paimon give us your knowledge of all secret things bring us
Thank you
I came i saw i came i saw i Praise and break the law, i take whats mine
Thanks to all rallying to help me continue offering free music. bless U all
so happy for Sam been praying for you hopefully he will have a speedy recovery
Summer Wind video out now
Produced by Me
Github~~~
Talk that TALK brotha !
Please
Please
Mexico hold the line world is watching your strength integrity
Please
Please
Please
Please
Enjoy this Oriental music for your zen relaxing times!
ME TOO SERIOUSLY I CAN'T NO MORE I DON'T HAVE ANY MORE WIGS SABRINA SPILL SOME TEA PLEASE
From The One & Only Amazing Man I Call A Friend sourcemessages
Thank you
Entrusted him with the TE spot because Gronk's out and he's coming through, thanks C.J!
Sana this time Lord
hi mom mom how r u hw is plz plz plz mom mom reply me plz reply me mom mom
i'll go to seoul soon
I like to write. be happy to read your stuff.
Thank you
Coming your way tomorrow Christchurch who wants a shoot? Tell your friends and share this post
Hey Gyz this is my new song, plz like and share and subscribe my channel k4U Nonstop Thanks
Happy 22nd Birthday Kim Hanbin! The one and only Hanbin! I am so proud of you! Hope to see you soon! I
I definitely agree Amanda one Love one Race
Thanks Sheila
Helloooo. Im from Philippines sana manalooooo ako
Good morning mam
Game again! Green vs Red!
I'm not leaving this world without Louis Tomlinson giving me a hug first.
as above, so below!
Prayers For Trinidad & Tobago
Devastating flooding Just view a video on FB
Que vuelvan T-ara y sus temazos para mover todo
Awe shucks! Tanks!! Xoxo bestie !!!
My Peace be with everyone! St. Elizabeth Ann Seton Church
Swamiye Sharanam Ayyappa
I'm proud of you for putting this out there, Lara Ann Frazier thank you
Wow thats terrible.
Nice to see ya doin things with your boy.
my bitch ass masteral degree, on the way. lewd, send halp.
Thank you President Trump
I absolutely love this video And will ALWAYS share it. Love is an amazing thing.
God Just know my tho**
I will patiently await photos. Please include daisy-chain crown
Watched for the first time in a while and his Integra is K swapped now
Thank you
I hope
Oh yeah, I knew my Mega Thread of Ward Pollz (TM) was missing one!Thanks
The most important -
Wish me luck
Good morning everyone!
Have a blessed day ahead!
My favourite ... Today i have b'day ...plzzz make my day by giving your precious wishes your
can you upload so here I lay bearing gods hated back on at least one platform pleasee
SO GOOD THANK YOU
Thank you!!!
Thank you
Thank you
If we could do sideways for few more months..
Appreciate it I could use 'em.
Congrats sir
So sorry for your loss
no and let's hope nothing more
Boa noite
*Time for some Love & Support - Kindly do Vote for me*
*VOTING PERIOD : 01st OCT to
Speaking of 100Qs JunnaNana, post the 76 to 100 tonight Sorry for the wait.
My favourite ... Today i have b'day ...plzzz make my day by giving your precious wishes your
CVS bless us with this track
Sip...
Wish me luck
Btw,Itu unamenya bikin gue inget sesuatu
3rd business will watch out nextyear!! thankyoulord
Really did my thing tonight at this show for my brother Marcel Odom!! Rest In Peace and In Power! I miss you family
Please watch this
Goosebumps
Jai Sri Krishna
That moment when you lose yourself
Done wml
Yeah, the best thing is that I don't have a apple music
Pray for me
So sorry, Pastor Dave. I do pray for your family, especially your children.
I'm praying you are correct.
Kim K already tried and we still don't have that button, good luck Jeffree!
will you fuck me please
Survived
for you
woah almost forgot to recognize my worth today
Half knowledge is dangerous.
Social uplift shdn't be piecemeal.
I rest my case here,Jai Hind
delayed penalty arm to goal point is one of the best ref moves in sports (safety number 1)
Thank goodness for everything lord
Great answer to everything
never been more thankful for being an apple user
Happy I didn't procrastinate, I voiced the punchlines
Lord here our prayer
Cindera I have it any other way. Thank you
Please
Please
Please
Please
Or even better, sign up for a free trial of premium streaming with new accounts
Holy spirit
Please how do you do it?
Bubba Awaits Bitches your Killers will be PUNISHED For Life
She beat cancer can she get a amen
Hope I get this job we need a break from the struggle
Exactly...gud lesson for them try to solve ur inside problems b4
Yes, now if you'll excuse me I came i saw i came i saw i Praise and break
I hope all ph exols will participate on PHIXOVotingTeam fanproject and the said fanproject will be successful
Amen
Thanks love u are so amazing and I will nv forget the support u give
a blessing to see my aunt walking and trying to communicate wish i could come give you hug you are one of
Happy birthday Dayna!!! Welcome to the your 30s! They go by in a blink so enjoy every moment
thank you so much
At least that will give people to ask "XYZ road? Who is that XYZ"
Nice way to get to know our heros
Omg her little dance
definitely good enough to go full time, and sure people would support you in doing so
How I wish
To support victims of Hurricane Florence in North and South Carolina releases a new original song,
haha same not like transphobic or anything
truth!
please...
Hay, an actual serenade! So help me God
Maddison hattrick please for better
a MN Vikings fan, so I sure hope
Fw the vision
The saem
Yes, please!
Twitter Tweet ..
Thanks for always making my day a little brighter
Good morning
Thankful for mine
You may be down now, but child let me tell you when you get up? Ufff gonna be great stay hopeful! Over and over again.
3100283533 first bank make I account for participate
Yes we can always find smth positive even in a negative situation and it gives us new strength to fight and to win
Democracy must replace all of them.
my pleasure. My condolences on your loss. Glad I could give you some good energy.
Ayo no cap. We have some stuff planned for the summer gotta have you make an appearance or two
Open bo massage ,AREA KOTA MANADO & SEKITAR NYA serius CALL/WA 089612283144
Bantu retweet suhu2
Thank you Uncle we appreciate the support!
Lauren
God help us. RT This demonstrates the level of desperation by the
Or, I can spam I came i saw i came i saw i Praise and break the law, i
had her baby boy 10/19..his due date was10/30 he was supposed to be a Scorpio ..but he's handsome & healthy
2019.. please dont B.A.B
I enjoyed hearing the word of God this evening and receiving a blessing from Joel Osteen here in San Antonio!
No introduction just watch
Amen.
Thank You Lord Jesus
thank you kindly. TOUCH DOWN!
+1 fds show de bola,
praying for nothing but the best for rest of year
Misi's recovery is going good so far. He's walking now but still can only drink and eat clear liquids. No regular foods just yet.
my and my
CityOne, Kuching pls
Open bo massage ,AREA KOTA MANADO & SEKITAR NYA serius CALL/WA 089612283144
Bantu retweet suhu2
Open bo massage ,AREA KOTA MANADO & SEKITAR NYA serius CALL/WA 089612283144
Bantu retweet suhu2
lord so tired so please just wrap your arms around me
Good Morning Thalapathy bloods.!!
Follow My Backup Id
Ithu Vijay Rasigargalin
I hope and pray that the second week will be better
TYBG
Yoooooo!!! Por favor
Who is funding the invasion of USA! Be careful Sarah.
Let's get a fg before the half and keep the over on pace
Please donate if you can! Help tribes in North Dakota VOTE!
sending prayers that you and your family will be strengthened and be comforted by near and dear.
Please
Please
Please
Please
Jai Shri Krishna
Suprbhat
surely you and the 88 gang come to australia
This proves even can be WRONG!
Please
Please
Please
Please
really sad RIP
CAMARIM DE PAULO/SP
POR FAVOR, NANE
Daniela Maciel
Rafaela Maciel
alhamdulillah
Lovely.
I was waiting on this band boy
Done, i hope you choose me
My gratitude is great for these prayers you share I write them down and carry them with me
Florida please vote Republican become corrupted socialist California
I understand and feel your pain
Needed this
Ingram 4 game suspension, Rondo 3 games. Overall not too bad.
I hope Kyungsoo can attend to The Seoul awards I wanna see him with his suit interacting with all the people there
Thank you... Please LIKE & WATCH all the videos army's...
dat new YouTube upload?
Praise God
I was waiting on this bad boy
And when you think you have reached the end, there will be a door. Open it.
RIP xxx
*Gone 2Soon*
Condolences to his family and friends.
Yes, please!
Thank You So Much Pete! You Rock!
Rt for goodluck
We have to adjust to the changes in life and trust God through it all
kindly watch this and rt
Enjoy this
Glory to God
I enjoyed hearing the word of God this evening and receiving a blessing from Joel Osteen here in San Antonio!
hope ok. up.
So NJ him out ! What a creep ! No better than that Joe & Theresa Gudice
Lord have mercy!
Latin America wants
Desbloqueame crack
Follow = follow
Unfollow = unfollow
ok !
Dia 28 17 Bolsonaro
Brasil Acima de Tudo
Deus Acima de Todos!!
CAN we SAY
NovembeRED
WAKE UP NJersey
Your eyes will thank you for the view!
This video is NYC x LV x CA it was a fucking movie out there
When your fam is in the food blessing business!!! Before and after pictures of Cauliflower "steak", grilled
This was totally astoundingly inspiring !!! May Almighty God arise & let his enemies be scattered !!!!!
(2)
Thank uu
Por fin
jimin's highnotes are higher than my grades
How many rts for someone to get me this
a broke bitch who just wants this beautiful hoodie
Clean my boy
Thanks mate,
I hope you're aware of how big treasure you have
The baby made me a spooky basket and what I found within melted my heart
for
Age is
a
state of
Mind
You're so goooooood lord
Catch the salad beatz realt quick
Done Wish me luck
Last resort to (may be I am desparate to save the Lord)
Thank you GOD
Mr. DeSantis PROUD to vote for you to be the Governor of Florida God Bless
Finally had the courage to go for blood extraction here at nkti.
Please win !!! Please !!!
Please, I need the power to come back on this is crazy!
Greetings to my new friends ..
I hope that we will be pleased to communicate together...
..
Blessed day to
When your fam is in the food blessing business!!! Before and after pictures of Cauliflower "steak", grilled
?
Thank you Lord
I love when that is in my hand an amazing feeling
Good morning and good day!
Gud mrng macha
. simples assim!
That explains a lot about someone I know with OCD. Thank you
Labyu bebeboy! Everyday is indeed a blessing
Maymay and Edward
I ain't never seen a ceiling in my whole life ... .. that part tho...
JAI ayya
Tiger , pillila aipoyadu ma ayya mundhu
Life is an experience not a journey! Enjoy every moment!
Blessed and beautiful, wishing you well fam
Good morning dongskie and to your special someone
hope your so much all goes well
praying you still have props from MVE still available!! I want to buy one SOOOO BADLY!!
Tomorrow when I wake up in the morning. Hopefully
Do you remember when you joined Twitter? I do! Been two years that had Twitter
Ephesians 4:29 (ESV)
Jay shree ram
GAP NOW (10,241)
EXO-L Pls vote
Netflix with my daughter
MONO is happening in just hours, please please hype it and do justice to it.
Thank you baby All thanks to the most high
Sir
Hh thank you
The lord is my shepherd i shall bot want
A very informative petition
Must Sign
seeing my brother open his eyes today brought so much emotion to me... God is so good... Praying for ups from here on out
Happy birthday a7maaaadd
Have a great one
Facts
UP
rhezadhiputra thank you GTRSvapor
please translate this bit
porfavor pasen a BTS Pliis
DONE cash app $jeraldp you the flyest playboi
May this week bring you full of happiness and blessings
Saying goodbye to a project group. Ya all have been amazing. The Unit was a great exposure.
181012 -
Pete never respected ariana. Ariana deserves better
clever.
Cherry Bomb eng version is a Christian anthem thank you Mark
forever RIP Blue lives matter
hi~ talk to me for a lil bit please
Your wish would be my command
At least the admiral is keeping the Granger spirit alive .. Thank you that
daily motivation ily
No worries man. Could you play me little new one with Nicky Minaj please.
Big thanks, Coach! Big thanks!
Baby you should let me love you
Let me be the one to
Give you everything you want, and need
Appreciate your feedback. Keep it up with your videos as well.
You Can Share _*DAILY Word*_ With Your *Friends* *Family* & *Other Groups*
``~*IN:~*MEMORY & IN DEDiCATiON OF~*TONY BOURDAiN*~
POEM Mr~*BOURDAiN*~
~*ARE
Obrigada p vc tbm
Pls give us access.
Have a great retreat week! Will be for you all
OMG!! I am so sorry for your loss! Please know I am for you.
the Holy Trinity
I love my life
. sir , We are Waiting for Sarkar Fight Scenes Especially Corporate Criminal Entry
Waheguru...
Rabb kirpa rakhe iss bche te
No doubt a challenge. Glad a signs was there! If a graphic sign was placed next to the word sign,
Life is too short
to spend it at
war with..... yourself
Photos by
Thanks Gabrielle!!
All three brothers get married on the same day. It was fun day and nice meeting new friends.
thank you for the TED talk I will indeed do my best to get that bread
Let me find me a King ...
Gud morning
Please God p l e a s e let namjoon see this
Join 4free on and
Ratatta Alola CP160 L9
39.109313,-76.85728400000001
Screenshot
Ampun
Finna be unfriendly during homecoming and rest of my life
Doneeee
Very True
Wonderful story
Power of
Thalaivaa
Praying for him
It's part of Pak culture, isn't it?
cc :
DIFUNDIR x AYUDA
Swim even if the water is against you
wow life is really hard. praying 4 u
so now i really want the 'dream come true' please
Thank you very much OG bro.
This video brings me great joy
Carat Bong Please!
A great move for the warriors to bring up!!! Well deserved
You are so funny sir and so right. God bless you and keep you safe and strong. Amen
Are you sure you should be taking photos while diving? Be safe, Robin.
Got my tata already
Please
sobrang talented and super pretty mo pa! and i know you have a good heart God bless you always baby girl!
3100283533 first bank make my account for participate
Maaan, lemme get my ish together! ready to flex with my little one like
Hey, Jamie! Please include the Philippines!
Use my referral codes for more giveaways, thanks!
Go visit:
Very good morning
Hit up my friend , for a good anything for that degree. Stay blessed
Amen God is good all the time and all the time He is good
Pray for good news
follow plis Anette
Co-sign
He :-
She :- Hi dear
Awesome!!!! Amen!!!
Wish me luck!
"Xbox Only Begotten Son" has spoken out against the heretics!
for following us Clonefluence. Keep pushin and enjoy your Sunday! If you haven't already, you
Thank you for staying KidStan
R.I.P. to the poor victim and speedy recovery to the injured.
Attention
. sir , We are Waiting for Sarkar Fight Scenes Especially Corporate Criminal Entry
Reallly Love You Sooooooooooooooooooo much Jibon
Its called EBT in short
I love you, Carson- please become political.
Aquele
OUT NOW ON
Excellent glad Mrs Hunt, aka Hetty , is recovery well but please hurry back you are missed
not Boutta lie I NEED A BETTER/CLOSE RELATIONSHIP WITH I BE SO BUSY DOING THIS & THAT TO WHERE I
Thank you!
Open new hall please i tak dpt purchase
up to you bro
Thank you. Buddhists are probably relieved that they don't say they're 'awake'.
I had to wait to try for BigBrother hopefully I get casted
China lover, also tell how they treat your peaceful brothers
I was once a jamill fan and I'm proud to say na I'm a CANCER survivor
Have to be up early asf tomorrow so off to bed I go Goodnight
I like this... 'unrecognizable self' you feel it... Sit in it... It is good
I love a good assortment
can you guys make a short story, but in movie form please I would watch the hell out of it
As a proud Floridian and thank you.
GOAT - Jeevanndham
We want one More Jeevanndham sir
Please
Please
Namaste! Items currently in-stock, hurry and grab yours today!
Pre-order collection is coming soon! Stay
Ahh you see that folks , going to bed now
Please
Please
Apologies Debbie, that was definitely not for you
now watching....
cocomaine interviews kinilig ako :) sana masundan pa ulit ng movie sila together pls.
Last train to Paris was such a slept on album...... really did that. Get the group back together please,I'm begging
HEY, PLEASE ANSWER ME! WHEN IS THE ASIAN TOUR? AND PLEASE INCLUDE THE PHILIPPINES!
Send this sexy country by his friends BUT never abandon you!! our friendship IS forever even after Death!!
My guy never won but if I did fly to the sky and my heart would fly
for following us Tarot. Keep pushin and enjoy your Sunday! If you haven't already, you can grab
Read this thread and vote and tell all your friends in Please and thanks
Absolutely love A place were I can sit for an hour and feel there is hope for our USA
I always know which side is on
Chotila Maa Temple
Tongue out like Jordan
If only you were rich
Predicted correctly please
Equally followed all rules
More dates please paradigm jb..mybe the singaporean ARMY will come here too to watch it
praying for a healing over my father from cancer in Jesus Name Amen !!
Done
Thank you! it took me way longer than it should have but finally freeeee
Labann lang forget every four hours
I really need some mature Christians to help me grow in my walk with Christ! We all need accountability and transparency!
Thank you for your tweets and content!
I am so very sorry.
Good morning Rajnishji.. Have a great week ahead
I love this, thank you
Good evening
Yaaaaaaas girl thank you entirely true and managed to cleanse myself of it tonight so no more!!!
sorry to here hope everything get fixed
Amen
good morning sir from Mumbai
Done. I hope they act on this
RT Amen, Brother!
Rip
I hope he's in a better place wherever he is now
Tomorrow promised to no man. Do what you love today
God bless
Thank You Lord
Bring back Peach
Thanks my sweet friend see you soon
You got it in the bag
WE BEG YOU IN to So we can ban ! It is banned already in
G-night Twitterville!
God bless!!
Sweet dreams!!!
Praying that I have heat when I get home.
Amen to what you said I'm only 21 and people are already like ''aren't you a bit old to play games?'' or ''what
God, keep my head above water
Don't let me drown
This whole conversation
amen
Mdm
ur million $ humility, ur & addressing me 'Sir'; d PM following u; my own researched opinion...
Thank you
Buneary CP1168 MAX LEVEL 35
-23.571281,-46.658279
Screenshot XL
Domain Names as Digital-Currency How it Works
thanks alot
You Sharks did a great thing tonight for those three.
Good Morning
We are !
Ah, wow! Nature does intracellular money! You guys are the best
Rip
Good morning Looking forward our week
Thank you, Mayor
Signing of Sisterhood Agreement between & and distribution of
Please god let this be true
Don't want to cry in public
hit or MISS i guess they never miss HUH you got a BOYFRIEND i BET he
I vent because certain shit may need a different approach before coming to the final decision
Thank you Sharon! You prayers are appreciated!!
You are blessed
Green leopard. Do we get more than one guess
Wish to hear And That A Hero Lies in you
Cubone CP835 L32
33.805557,-117.917442
Screenshot XL
My trust is in my God.
Afuera x favor
Lord help and guide us in our exam
Thank you Sharon! Your prayers are appreciated!!
Allah is the Greatest
Please, from now on, only show Hilary if she is behind bars or in handcuffs....
Think positive & your mind will help you heal!
Wishing you a speedy recovery Sir!
BLACKPINK POR FAVOR
You been solid in my book Keep on Doin what you doin fam
Omg Deja pls apologize I just wanna make sure ppl are actually interested. Thank you
Thank you for this gift
I return the favour with this gif:
.@realDonaldTrump
all pray!
I have two kids now.
Forthcoming:
> fewer tweets
> less sleep
> less patience (see above)
> more gratitude
> more love
Happy Birthday Claire! God Bless
Laying low waiting for 11/7.
That Alien OG looking amazing as usual..!! westleyshatter
so dope to see getting the rec he deserves excited AF to watch mid90s!
Hi guys this is my Facebook
Thank you
Amen bro, stay strong
so welcome
healthy body
healthy mind
healthy grade
I do it for the lads & dads
Bismillah
All done RT, Follow, Turn On Notification
Please pick me
Wish me luck
Omg your a solider
Thank you
Moms always knows best
Thanks brodie yes you will
Definitely will take care of her like my little sister
O a FP Jones
Hi, My King!
How are you?
Would you mind follow me?
Please my dream.
so proud of
Aamiin ya allah
I wish tell us before November 6th
please let monetize.They are promoting our country with great content PLEASE.
all the shit I do for her, you gone hear about
Dapitan City,Zamboanga del Norte,Philippines Pleaseeee
Merci de la confirmation.
Absolutely. Thanks for your inputs sir
doing the lord's work
Blessed
thank you
Thanks Haiydi
Bendito sea Jebus que aqui no hay gente asi
Leave me a couple more before I go to sleep pleaseeee
I'm very excited...
Let's vote in AAA too Army
App STARPLE
We must stand up together if Mexico stop them send in the BIG GUNS our military this
Please help. Help a sister out God bless
Waiting for this moment from a such long time.
How nice is the land smell after raining ?
Thank youu!! I appreciate the good wishes. Allah y7fthna inshallah
Hi, My King!
How are you?
Would you mind follow me?
Please my dream.
so proud of
The only reason the buckeye loss sting as bad. All he wanted was a win PLEASE WATCH
Amen
lost my brother suddenly to a heart attack at 53, life is precious . praying for my my dad and mom,I know this
Lowerbox for iKON please
Thank you, blessings
Done
Wish me luck
Acc
Seriously
Los necesito :o
Rolalos
Hi, My King!
How are you?
Would you mind follow me?
Please my dream.
so proud of
if you can bless the Bungals with a miracle comeback never sin again
FINAL SHOW!...
Maybe in another 6 years, these armpit stains will be history
90s Head Bobs Wit My R.I.P Aaliyah
You belong here
Namaste, Sirji! Yes, Vanity would vanish, but Life would flourish!
Thank you! Praying for a better day for you too.
Up in da club
Photos by
Thanks true
Thank you
Glad to see he has said something,
Im so sad.. I knew Grandpa Tim looking good Praying doing better now
Thank you my friend also u have a great day
Hi, My King!
How are you?
Would you mind follow me?
Please my dream.
so proud of
Amen
Hey please say thanks to he did a great job helping build the
R. I.P Blazer Thank you for your service.
Goodmorning!!
A New Beginning
Wish me luck btw follback ya
Im so sad.. I knew Grandpa Tim looking good Praying doing better now
Idhi MB fans site anta
Nizam md taruvatha yesadu
Amen
My prayers go out to my peeps in St. Helena rn
Ram Madhavji Center has to Intervene now. Can't wait now....
Quick pre-game before second book drops this week!
please edit the poster
NOOOOO! RICK ONLY HAS 2 MORE EPISODES!!!
Please just let him disappear/go off on his own and not kill him.
proud of those who take of themselves and grind for what they want. Keep working and learning
Thinking of you today your mum and grandma would both be so proud of you
ASSALAMUALAIKUM WARAMUTULAHI WBT
I WANT TO ASK IF YOU HAVE ANY OLD MONEY FOR SALE I BUY THEM IN A VERY GOOD
Yo I need this Gucci Jacket Gotti had at the BET Awards That shit FIRE
Good to be God! Our Lady of Sorrow Lok-A-Like Champion.
So proud of you Baby!
"To Christ with Mary As
Life is precious , and a beautiful thing my G.
Hi, My King!
How are you?
Would you mind follow me?
Please my dream.
so proud of
God bless yall. Im praying for your happiness
good for u to go even if u be bothered
the K
DJ.
[askmf] twitter, do your magic please?
activated
Amen!! you were at 666 andI had to be the one to get that outta here!!
Amen thank you Lord for keeping your hand on my life.
Right where I predicted the game to be. taken more props though.
- behind and have to
Good Morning To All Veriyans and Frds
Have a great day
Praying for you
Another issue God save my nation
Going to start planning my leave from Reno time to experience the world
Wish me luck
Done follow your IG .
Kuyy ikutan
Hi, My King!
How are you?
Would you mind follow me?
Please my dream.
so proud of
yes pls
My new account
Thanks bro I really appreciate
Operation Tiananmen part deux , This Time by ?
pls intervene
Get that fucking contract signed then!! ... sort him out will@you lads!!
such a smooth talker
Good morning to all my Respected Sir
I'm happy that you changed your mind, Kathy. God bless you - "Then you will know the truth, and
Wish you a Very Happy Birthday with wishes for an energetic life ahead in the service of the Nation and
Ur welcome
Dont 'bully' me
Give Thanks To God For The Gift Of Life
Always a seh me affi leave and visit another parish to enjoy water bodies. Next year summer, I'm gonna attempt this.
Hi, My King!
How are you?
Would you mind follow me?
Please my dream.
so proud of
Some Monday music to get you going! Here's to the things you love! Thank you and
I you get Steven a new trial, you are the best thing to happen to him. Thank you for fighting for
Wow! Ryuichi Sakamoto and Alva Noto what an honour..thank you
blessed
Cuando te consigues 20 lucas en la calle
Looking at amazing Hope your Sunday was amazing as well
And I will give you that chance! I will be in line to vote at 7 am tomorrow morning
Dm me for tickets and details
All my followers I ask you please follow me on Instagram
Lord please
My fb account has been locked out but it was recovered right away.
Harivansanam, Viswamohanam on violin by original Arab sheik
Fake Sheiks of mullahs, how many fatwas
But now I have to find a gold star bag
Living Room Worship (on the porch) was so good tonight. Many thanks to the hosts and leaders of this monthly event.
Pls subscribe you tube channel
Thanks to for the Link Skeletor Secured
AAAA Thank you!!!!
Bless this random stranger I quickly caught a glimpse of they didn't have any
help on there
Made that money then I went another way I pray we never speak again after this turn
Payment pending for my booking ID. Please help
Really hope she's found
I will pray for your comfort.
Signed previously and Shared
I well put you in my pars
Your welcome. I pray you have a million blessings.
setuju
Good luck. Bless you.
HELP EVERY REPUBLICAN CANDIDATE OUT BY The time has come to come to the aid of the partyRETWEET EVERYTHING
It's all gonna be alright
Have a good night/day
the shortest report ever
happening now
i need accounts huhu please po
october.november.december be more more extra to me
Bhole Nath
Blessed
Must read! His words shouldn't be forgotten if we want to move forward as humans! May he rest in peace
This is awesome! Out of stock but buy when in stock, and donate.
thanks love, i appreciate
Hagan el Challenge please de Amor
Good morning
Continue to vote
plz
/rlt twitter, do your magic please?
If I didn't it, I would never have written it, True story!
took my time this morning drop a if you could spot me (all out) for bets of my road adventures
Yeah bout to go to come out for a min
Wish me luck
it is, it!? thank
Thanks. I'll keep on searching. I seen ur stream such a goat with affinity photo. Hope to see u become huge
Starting to get real now the million! | wait to be back where I belong!
Bless this week
Hukum
Selamat Hari Santri Nasional
We still need Essentials, Vol 2 tho those songs were my high school soundtrack
Heart Melting Scene!
The Movie Which Speaks About Life & Their Sadness!!
The Great 88 is our OG (original guest)! Thank you for your grace,
I pray you're full of joy,love and peace and may His goodness following you whereever you go
Thankyou I feel like the world is balanced again
Thank you
Full-time residency starts tomorrow
My dad insisted he follow me into town on his way to work the other day to fill up my gas tank the little things
selamat hari santri nasional
Exactly and thanks
Still prayin
Barakallah
Such a kind msg Anuradha & thnak you for noticing - very grateful & blessed to have your
I am so sorry for his family's and your Department's loss. May God comfort you all.
me patrocina
Good health lang ni mama Lord
Thanks
Dance on these fools
Attitude Era ....Golden days of Wrestling .... Bring them back
All my prayers goes to you
Hi, My King!
How are you?
Would you mind follow me?
Please my dream.
so proud of
Please please save me
Your in my prayers
No when you got your
Lowerbox for iKON please
I know And yet God is so much more incredible
Amen
Knowing your worth, gotta be the biggest lesson and blessing! nobody tell me different of who I am or
Thank you
Dear God,
Please help me find something WARM and CUTE for homecoming this week.
Amen
Aap to serious hogye. . . Topic chenzzz
I nooooo my lady! Take care pleaseee I hope you and family, piggy All alright !!!!
Ur welcome
Not when you got your
Thanks let me try
soon, soon this scene
feasib pre-defense starts today!! all the best, 5th years!
Please do polls for ShadyXV and Hell the Sequel next please
Hi, My King!
How are you?
Would you mind follow me?
Please my dream.
so proud of
Good Morning
I LOVE NATASHA BRENNER
I hope as cool as her when 96
Divino mi Angel, Linda tu noche. Muchas
Yes please!!!
Happy day friends
Good morning sister have a happy Monday
Good morning
Mas plastik ka poo!! God bless you
Carena, what you do with rice. Curry chicken and cabbage I pray over it -
Just living my best life tryna get my glory
A Blessed Life!!!!
Love it when MJ points to his bed like "It's coo, Ma, I can put myself to sleep" and then SLEEPS.
Fucking had it with people. Especially women.
NA-PVP-PS4-Official-Aberration-SmallTribes27
This sever everyday ping 255
Pls help
Jai jinendra
Jai maataji
Shubh divas
kem chho badha
no problem at all, luv!! honestly im really glad i could be of help in some way
its so
Hey Ika said if you had it, you can share IG live. Hope you can.
Sending prayers to family and friends.
0107552485 GTBank.
Hopeful Sir, God bless you
sorry she dumped you, Ray...
Selamat hari senin
One day but congrats folk
That was probably the best leg workout I've had in a while
holy shit dude I have SUCH respect for you! You are a god among men, seriously.
Please
Please
Please
Please Nikita get
Please
Please
Please
Please Nikita get
Mil Bendiciones para ti
The memories on and off the field will forever brighten my day. to the Scheer family and RHS community
HOLY FACKKK THAT GROWL!
Available for overseas shipping!
te espero vuelve pronto
Hi, My King!
How are you?
Would you mind follow me?
Please my dream.
so proud of
Please hook me up bro I need the Aracne skin so badly!
PLEASE READ AND HELP US CONTINUE WITH OUR SPAY/NEUTER CAMPAIGNS IF YOU CAN
This is
Only Trump thats getting my vote
Wanna vent but it ain't safe ... So ima vent to God
im a peytonater
Please kill me
praying for one more nice day so I can go hiking in the Gatineau Hills across the river. Just one more nice day
Anyone trying to send me a copy of bo4
I hope you find happiness and prying for you
All I can do is pray
ill post one more RC entry then im done for the day i promise guys
THANK YOU LORD!
Looking to join Please send me an invite. via
feel better soon!
AMEN! Thanks for your Like Crescent Lady!
At times, We ..."The Oncologists"...
need to think and treat beyond standard guidelines...
Hey y'all, if you could go follow my professional account I'd be grateful. That's where I'll be
Ya Allah im quaking in my boots rn pls pray for me and my friends for ielts speaking today
It looks like a HIT!! EXO Is a GREAT Band, was worth wait for His new material... Thanks a lot EXO , I
We don't deserve you angel we true blinks are thankful
I'm glad you liked My other history reports:
Missing Histories: &
(part 1)
Amen
SHANAWA by Maymay Entrata
please vote
"cannabis
That been worse then what it was, but we were covered
Bonitos
Amen
New Hope Rising
I see you
Let Your will be done!
When try to throw you off, know covered.
photon_recorder
TAG A
Good Morning
Day 11
EXO XOXO
Bismillah,wish me luck
Amen
THANK YOU GOD FOR WATER
I all the way happy wid life yet but blessings are being sent my way fasho
Thank you fantasy gods for blessing me with Kareem Hunt
always work
Take home exam please
Boa noite
May God give you the strength you need.
God Bless
hi. Can you help me identify whether you think this is real or not? Please and thanks.
Please someone should tell Israel it's only Laid o
THANK GOD!!! 2 PM PA MAG-START ANG EXAM SA PHARMA!!!!
Lord, gift of wisdom lang for today. Please. Amen.
hey can i get a promo !! im kouta and im so close to 300 followers pleas check out my humble onions
Hi, My King!
How are you?
Would you mind follow me?
Please my dream.
so proud of
Agradezco sus rt's
i lort me a reason to not backflip my window rn and he say here mono
Please get rid of your Halloween names during so people can find your Twitter
Sundays are for
Side Nigga is out now!!!!! Click the link in the bio to listen on Apple Podcast Tag a side Nigga
Formation still my hittah... ok ok ok best revenge is yo
Best regards from
Follow
Her photos and edits are so beautiful. I love all her work
With pleasure and honor Ma'am
That free custard comes in clutch
Mimi! Ah, well school is important. I hope you will get good grades on all of your assignments
is being made on our under the Trump administration
I live everyday like at my best when really at my worse God got me tho
on there
Wish you Many More Happy Returns of the Day, Happy Birthday Sir
Nov. 6 R.I.P
Good morning papa ji bless me sewa, simran, Parmarth
I sometimes use Pick Up song has prayer point when i don't know what to think of again
The song is a blessing
Good morning di
Thank you for a follow
Plz baby Jesus
Real shit
Good morning sister
THANK YOU also I'm 3 guns away bro I need the KOSHKA SDM, and the cordite
believe I won homecoming king as a 21 year old. So blessed
Rest In Peace baby girl were such a loving, happy girl and for this to happen to you fair...your
Folguinha chegue logo pfvr
Kaththi BGMs are till date the best for Thalapathy. Thank you
Thank you!
praying for her
God in control.
Infonya dong min and the gank kantor outsourcing di malang
Working on the things people said I do no limits to what I can do I can do all things through God
YouTube Team
LAY 'NAMANANA' MV
EXO <TEMPO> Concept Short Film
Initiated day before . Thanks
Today's the operation of my bro. I hope all will be well taken care of
Thank you so much and yes I definitely needed them to get
Clear all for recovery.
Amen
The most crucial election of my lifetime
NEW VID/GIVEAWAY ALERT
$2500 HYpebEasT MysTeRY Unboxing
Delayed
Go Peep That
Que os cachinhos do Shawn logo
Happiest Birthday Boss GELO stay safe always and God Bless you
You're the savior we all need
Say a little praye St. Peter Metropolitan Cathedral
Half this size and take it.
Speaking this into existence
Sadguru speaks on Sabarimala
Wanna
Wish me luck
Hi, My King!
How are you?
Would you mind follow me?
Please my dream.
so proud of
Please help me with 2018, I love it I have no Money please
Happening Now! On
gospelmusicassoc
Yessss & there Thanks The CashApp Flips might be the easiest sorry late on the
Hope nobody blocks or unfollows us for having said so
Hashmi sir songs yetla padthado denama pratgi cnma lo prathi song arachakam untadi
namaste bitches
I NEEDED THIS
Every doctor is a moving library of knowledge...full of hands on experience...full of real world unbiased data...
Must value..
Hiii
Uploading customs tomorrow
Have a nice night everyone
Cant wait to make my job a hobby
They'd be so so proud of what you've been doing. As are so many people. We all love you
Have fun ya nonton burn the stage nya
Aku dom Tangsel, wish me luck
Btw mutualan yuk ^^
Namaskar
Sir Winton
I want to thank the Lord for giving us our daily bread
Buenas noches
can u send me a locker code for 450'000 vc
Good Morning world
thank you for this blessing Jiminie
On god ! crazy
"Pride is the stiffness of the mind".
I don't know who needs to hear this but
HE AIN'T LOVE YOU SISHE'S JUST USING YOU
Don't let his words manipulate you
getting a pay rise after just 2 weeks is honestly a heaven sent gift napaaga christmas ko huuyyy
Y LA CUENTA REGRESIVA..... AMAR A MUERTE
Jimin i love you have a rest you worked hard andd thank you
I hate wearing dresses.
But thankies
Good morning Bhubaneswar - Smart City
SF9
SF9 Lightstick card change
Wanted:CHANI
DM
SF9
and what you have done is the work of a lifetime. I remember John Pirona today
A man who BELEIVE IN GOD AND HAS PUT HIS COUNTRY FIRST President Trump GOD WITH WITH AMERICAN
all love bro glad your still recording doin your thing.. everything good on my end link soon catch up
Bless this beautiful golden boy
So sorry to hear this you and your family are in our prayers
Could I have one please?
Thank you Sugar
Favorite Track on Sweetener? plsss do a cover
Hurry up May!!!
How did I get so blessed man? I thank God daily for bringing me into your life baby. I swear I deserve
Good night. and
izin ts jd sana ya hari ini
Such a beautiful soul you are!!
Entered. Thanks
Thanks Ethan Hope You Sleep Well my Friend
I want to vote but I'm conflicted since there's no option for Jesus Jobs and Judas Jobs, Steve's illegitimate sons
Thank you
Vengan a MEXICO MEXICo los ama vengan por favor !!!!!!
Hi, My King!
How are you?
Would you mind follow me?
Please my dream.
so proud of
thank you
Sunday feeling blessed today! god is good! So I had to give blessings
Congress needs to stop this before the average American does that wall,put the military at borders!
Looks like a great health & wellness event on this weekend
U too!
Need Please ! Too make my Season
Haleigh & Fessy w/ Michelle & Riz
Family
Well bush I said what everyone was thinking your welcome
God. Please
Hi, My King!
How are you?
Would you mind follow me?
Please my dream.
so proud of
THANK YOU ITS FINALLY BACK!
Help RT, please..
Thank you so much ^^
THANK GOD
20 years of life! Bless up Rhodes College
What an amazing person!
The universe will reward you with good karma for blessing me with this tweet
Absolute rubbish, is not a credible source of news.
people! for your own sake's.
How about 1st half coverage only? Please
blessed af
Peace n relaxation
RIP Brother one of the realest still can beleive it Jorge you will be missed
Good Morning Sir
Hi, My King!
How are you?
Would you mind follow me?
Please my dream.
so proud of
Visiting the homies at macaroni grill
Yeah was thinking that Still a chance tho
May you have a blessed nightfilled with God's powerful love!
Mi Rey
Hiii please block me thanks
Thank you so much Christina means alot
Hi, My King!
How are you?
Would you mind follow me?
Please my dream.
so proud of
for stay who have verified account and streaming pass, pls participate on the streaming party~
You gone get there boo you been working at it you got it
Damn man, prayers go out to the family and the Gordon family.
Prefect loyalty thoughts
God bless all of Gwinnett Police Dept and I pray for Officer soul.
I've started watching American Vandal and now I can't stop. God help me
Answer ASAP please
I hope and pray your friend gets better
Its always the good that leave us to soon. Youll be missed Brotha
Thank you
Thank you
Hi my friends, have a read if this please. I wanna know what you guys make of this, thanks
Thanks!! I made a DIY glow cloud a few years ago and it actually came out okay
Big mood
Shout out to Keiry and Jonathon for last night
this was Heaven-sent
already sent the payment
Sweets popcorn pic is of course. Also it was a successful lazy Sunday Have
I def don't have the follower count to be doing a lmao
me out here, people
Hi, My King!
How are you?
Would you mind follow me?
Please my dream.
so proud of
Hi, My King!
How are you?
Would you mind follow me?
Please my dream.
so proud of
GOODLUCKKKKK!
Blessed
next time boys
This woman makes me praying for you!
I'm wishing for that day to come.
Absolutely true
Signed!
Hi, My King!
How are you?
Would you mind follow me?
Please my dream.
so proud of
Oi Jimin Vem para o Brasil, vem Te amo!
Follow me babe, please!
Join 4free on and
Goodnight God Bless
i hope PetSmart call me tmr cause walmart trippin finna quit
Thank you for
Thank you Have a wonderful day my friend
Happy Birthday sis Perkys love youhave a blast!enjoy....stay beautiful and sexy God
I am thankful that my colleagues are helping me with school
a bestie who understands kahit nakalimutan mong sabihin huhu and the message huhu hayss thankful
Thank you ARMY
Thank you Heather.... Trevor was a wonderful friend.....he always gave so much. Thank you.
You got it!
Yessss & there Thanks The CashApp Flips might be the easiest sorry late on the
The cost of following Jesus is very high in ME. Join me in praying
Thanks
Sending you
Looks like Angie has lost some weight.. take care of yourself Ang
Hi, My King!
How are you?
Would you mind follow me?
Please my dream.
so proud of
Donna had a great run, my condolences to Tara and the rest of the Reed family!
Thank you for the Will
RT WORLDSTAR: Never give up, stay motivated
i LOVE andrew gillum and he will be florida's next
Best series on right now is
With lots of Action & Intensity
lmao yeah! a lot of those main characters are going to be popping up here and
Appreciate it so much
Jai Sri Krishna Good Morning Friends
Spurs, better Be ready to play hard and beat the Lakers tomorrow night
moth memes r my specialty wht up
Hi, My King!
How are you?
Would you mind follow me?
Please my dream.
so proud of
semua full dah open weekend please
from - Grande Valley gracias .. -
Moving to Salinas has been the biggest blessing for me learned so much and made lots of money but time to
SO WHEN YOU SEE MY SHIT YOU KNOW WHERE IT CAME FROM . PPPEEERRIIOOODDDDTTTTT
It is decided
Allow me to be overcome by your presence, Lord
Cr: Pict Owner
Bless you sir.
I pray for him all the time. Let there be justice just this once please!!
Just gimme a FBI husband and a house full of rescued pitbulls. be perfectly content for the rest of my days
Me: Also me: be thankful your healthy and are capable of waking up and going to
Bless You...
No money, no power, no fame can compare to the peace you get when you pray
The mind is a terrible thing to waste your smart bro
Shah ji.. meeku janmadina subhakanshalu (many more happy returns of the day)
SO WHEN YOU SEE MY SHIT YOU KNOW WHERE IT CAME FROM . PPPEEERRIIOOODDDDTTTTT
ji
420 Congratulations
*(Attention Please )*
Very Good Morning To You All My Dear Friends And Have A Nice Day.
Please pass it or
Pray, god is there
Speak, god is listening
Wishing you a quick recovery
Praying that more will rise. I want to see iKON come to LA
and I'm thankful
*(Attention Please )*
Very Good Morning To You All My Dear Friends And Have A Nice Day.
Please pass it or
Growth
Surya annna as Bhagat Singh is
Vera level artist
pros of not sleeping is being able to learn a song on the guitar is one night
Well played, you're a worthy adversary.
Not looking I refuse I double dog dare someone
who needs to learn I know too much already!
omg so excited for my favorite song to be played live at the pray for the wicked tour! i
We used to talk alot of shit about Tyler Ennis last year but damn man never wanna see anyone get that kind of injury hoping he recovers
Philadelphia
Bro PLEASE put me up a plate
R.I.P Baby Cuz Heaven gained a new angel
Thank u
Way to go Dayton!! And to all the cities on this run... THANK YOU
I did have a good day love i hope you did too
Dreams do come true! One of my goals get a big check next to it. I'm truly your biggest fan.
ji
420 Followers Congratulations
I feel my steps are directed Feeling anointed and blessed! For whatever I touch shall prosper! San Diego,
Praise God!
live fuck it up Jason lol
Earlier today church Drip Mama & lil bro .
Yes you are. I would love to be one of your some day.
RIP
Finally some common sense on this issue!
It's to ask questions to people she knows she can't just disappear without a trace she comes home safely.
Thanks for GA.. Wish me luck
Prayers to the officers family
is the real one
God's timing is everything
Looking for a 2-day escape ticket preferably in the IE please help me out
Dukungan dari Australia from - A message from Wildlife HQ Zoo Crew- Sunshine Coast,
I'm gonna follow this trick for sure.
Thank you sir , yeh upaaye mere bahut kaam aayega.
this what been waiting for? ready? I got something to prove...Year 1 BallforAbou LL3Z
Happy birthday Sir.Many many happy returns of the dayJay Jagannath
I saw that, das tuff
Learning is failing, remembering & taking the other door.
109 Million views Thank you Chicago, Illinois
It's time to ask questions to people who knows her she can't just disappear without a trace shell be found safe.
Sending lots of Prayers to Trinidad
Sold mas
If and don't win in FL and TX, I give up on this country. Two. Exceptional. Men.
Gnite Beautiful Sister's ! Sweet Dreams and GBY All. Absolutely
omg no praying for everyone in Trinidad
Really lovin' collection of AI generated Made a li'l animation of one of my favourites!
Trying my boy
Thank you
so glad you enjoyed it
Awwwww my baby. You are so sweet. Praying for everyone in your beautiful country
MGA SALOT NPA!!
RIP AND SALUTE TO YOU SIR!
Hoping and praying
Happiest Birthday to you! May God grant all your hearts desire. Tandaan mo po, Mahal na mahal kita We
Shoutout to all those local heroes risking their lives to save others
Pray for Trinidad
Sorry for your loss Nye...The entire crypto community has you and your family in our prayers
How about Kyle Vannoy? It was his TD
Thank you for joining us and for your kind words - it means more than you could imagine
Quiero intentar
Pray for Trinidad
Last survey na lang sa toluna and I'm out. Mobrog and yougov na lang then ill be totally out!
Life changing! Thank you, Lord! at Moa Concert Arena
Please more hall or time!!
Thanks cuzin
smh pray for my island
Fr !! But in the meantime i am just letting God do his thing and staying humble .
She looks so happy in this picture I miss this kind of smile on her face
Vadachenni box-office collection report first week
God protect them! I hope you're all well! Our prayers and support with all of
Have a wonderful night Em, may God bless you wow thank you
Omfg, this is terrible. Praying for safety.
I got a 45$ tip off one table blessed
I just stare at my phone hoping you will call...
Really praying for that
2nd of the Season.. Blessings
THE POWER OF PRAYER
This is the confidence we have in approaching God: that if we ask anything according
In my phase
But I feel my coming
*/: too late now.
I think would agree
Receiving my Halloween card from my best friend! I love her!
the little things!
Birthday Brunch
Ask and you shall receive...
Please God I hope this works
Beautiful!
No injuries please
Great picture
Bless the People of Europe
Well deserved Congrats
persecute them with thy tempest, and make them afraid with thy
Psalms 83:15 KJV in Jesus name Amen
movement why are the culprits only muslims? Just asking
Just pure happiness is fine
COPAL
Very cheap and widely available at botanicas. Tree sap burned in coals shaped
Praying that more will rise. I want to see iKON come to LA
I know but what matters most is knowing your own truth. let them get to you
Hope the kingdom can donate as well
Gracias
nct x blackpink collab or nct x rd velvet collab
Please Share
needa to be productive today
We're Moving Into A New Space..
Stay Tuned
Hey guys, a little jig and a funny joke follow my SoundCloud if the bestowing of a cartoon thumb or
Oremos !
Buenas noches!!
(@Nicawarrior4) Oremos !
(@Nicawarrior4) Oremos !
Jay Shree Ram Bade Bhai
Thank you!
YEAHHHHH. THATS MY LITTLE BRO!!! I love ittttt! Happy for
Hope things start looking up for you dude
Those people are just like you and I a heart
Good morning Sir
Oh crap you are right! Lol my bad! has 9 awards!!!! Please update your website
Hope the kingdom can help as well
Nice and dry and safe.
So thankful for life right now
needs to be productive today
Good morning Bhai
be more thankful
Bring it to Chicago!
DONT IGNORE ME FOR THIS TIME
To God be the Glory!
Please k-Blinks show her love and support like never seen before
I'm so sorry for your loss! My prayers & thoughts are with you & your family!
Up top
Predicted correctly please
Equally followed all rules
I took a pic of my in so long but .... time to get her waxed.
Good morning Sir
I'm so sorry for your loss. May he rest in peace.
Brother Nature found the light and changed for the better what makes life beautiful. You change
[INSTAGRAM] 22.10.18 - de Seungyoon:
I wish I could vote for you, but Canadian . pray be the elected governor
Amen Watch and make a contribution so can it
so sorry for your loss keep your head up babygirl & stay strong
Many-2 returns of the day. Wish you a very happy birthday Ji. May Lord Ram bless you good health. Keep smiling
Bet my groupmates are annoyed asf sorry guys huhu
Hopefully we reach 100M today
Sending love your way, so gracious! Also sending love to Trinidad
I am the life of the party
ALBUM giveaway still open worldwide. Help us reach our goal to 2K followers
Have a nice day
BRAND NEW VIDEO - Bugsy Me While (The Last Blessing
Dir x (@magnum_med)
Good morning Mam
im waiting for gsc kuantan
Blessed
Nice. I love being my kids' proofreader for assignments. It is a privilege. Last one, big step
Hope your Sunmer was filled with fun! Have a happy Autumn! Go Dawgs! Harmony Theresa Harper
Music from
Makes me sad that MN, the land of the Jolly Green giant LOL, has to deal w/ the likes of Ellison! my
I guess how it goes, thank you
2019 runup is actually Awakening the Hindus.
Hope Hindus wake up and defend dharma
Hunt once again saved my fantasy week
Amazing story.
Thank you fam
Birthday Brunch
Done!
I would like IZ*ONE album & Wanna One : Nothing Without You album, please
OOOOOAH the jealousy
Cr: Pict Owner
If there's 2 ikon lower limited, i'll get po for my friends
sir
The way you treat your fans is unbelievable
Sir give me some advise how to treat our
mi Kathrachita Linda te quiero mucho sos la mejor de todas mi Dios te bendiga siempre
Praying everything is ok with my dad
Praying for you
God has a great plan for you!
Port Loring
Guys please listen to me if you have a girl that loves you just the way you are, supporting you, willing to
!! Happy birthday!! Wishing good health to make Full saffron in India
This is the best tweet of 2018
Hi, My King!
How are you?
Would you mind follow me?
Please my dream.
so proud of
Happy birthday, Stay blessed
this is heart breaking praying for you and Trinidad God bless all of them
Done!
I would like IZ*ONE album & Wanna One : Nothing Without You album, please
You good with me g
go fw my latest song for me pls listen; a like; a share; a repost ! go show some love !
Prayer for your Mom.
Bills paid and I gotta A on my Quiz, Assignment, & Discussions for the week i would say a good way to end the week!
Thanks for the good recs! They got me out of an anime watching motivation block haha
By the will of Allah
always forever w/ me bro bro i love you
Win the last game of the season pls Zlatan
I him too!!! Bring him to San Diego!!
Thank you
Congrats my boy keep pushing
Me everytime the devil try something new
Hi, My King!
How are you?
Would you mind follow me?
Please my dream.
so proud of
I wait to get my car , you tell me SHIT
thank you
I gained an ultimate respect for humanity today. More than I have already had. Thank you
Me
Hi, My King!
How are you?
Would you mind follow me?
Please my dream.
so proud of
Great to meet you today. Thank you
Lord, seen what done for others
With Mr. Michaels is a Amazing Show,
As u mentioned UN is kinda Leftist IT'S A
If your name and spelling are in this list, please forgive me. Penelope isn't an average name either, and it's
sir
The way you treat your fans is unbelievable
Sir give me some advise how to treat our
- hey gurrrr you the sweetest and beautiful. Congratulations on your blessing to come and many
This Got Me Shooked This Lawyer Is Good Almost Done With The Season
She's baaaack! Welcome back 2 Twitter Cindy!!
Yeah. That's no fun. I hope you keep it figured.
Hi, My King!
How are you?
Would you mind follow me?
Please my dream.
so proud of
Those battles where I had No one but God to lean on made me 10x stronger
Buenas noches! en insta
Min, go to bed please.
So blessed this year huhu keep 'em coming!!
Happy Birthday love bug! speciallyke excuse the glow lol
Lord, thank you
Everyone did very well today Thank you for the game that was so much fun&exciting to watch.
Okay so here for rn
Oh me too!!
Hi, My King!
How are you?
Would you mind follow me?
Please my dream.
so proud of
Tragic. Prayers for his family
I will keep them in my prayers
i pray for my niggah every time he dot the door this streets is wicked
Thank you so much
Good morning
Jai shri ram Om namah shivaya
Om namo Narayanaya
Watch this video till ending
Thank you bro much love keep working because your next !
Morning Glory
cuidan al single por favor.
Dear Scoota damn Scoota I always thought nothing touch you . Can you come bug me please I Miss you
BTS officiallllyy Thank you Lord!!!!!
one of the people I think of when I read this. Thank you
You could say the best thing ever happened to me! A true Blessing.
Pls report this account
Goodnight, beautiful people!
Sleep well, Sweet Dreams
Interview tomorrow I know I got this
Thank you
Alhamdulillah lulus administrasi
. sir , We are Waiting for Sarkar Fight Scenes Especially Corporate Criminal Entry
Wish I could be there with you man send me the pic of one and bless 2D titty
sir
The way you treat your fans is unbelievable
Sir give me some advise how to treat our
Daredevil season 3
Thank you
That would be needed please
Thank you
Tony Robbins: I Am Not Your Guru
Must watch for everyone
Hate when asks if still watching ! Then I find the dam remote me binge watch in peace !
I just needed a few days to get my mind right
Surely cannot say no to getting children off without looking like total
Wannables, please help
sobrang love ko mga items nyooooo!!!
Sana magkaroon kayo ng casing for VIVO Y85
Indeed
ALWAYS & FOREVER
A PATRIOT
Happy Birth Day
I will trust Jah forever
Que outubro passe voando.
Thanks Dr. Wexner, simple a reflection of the great mentors had in my life.
next competition
Skate Canada
so nervous
fighto
i need your help guys road to 550rt
Just cus you wish for it not mean stop grinding for it
Hi, My King!
How are you?
Would you mind follow me?
Please my dream.
so proud of
My family is the reason why I keep going and why there is still happiness in me I thank god for that everyday
she said a "Godly Fade" lol
Don't joke with your scriptures they are your weapons from your lord whatever situation you are in hold on to the rope of your lord.
God be with them in Jesus name I pray
Anyone who liked this can catch these holy hands
Spaceghostpurpp be a straight up Sage level 900 thousand
Good morning
Maaf kalo ada kesalahan
The 3rd Congregation of the Churh of the Hustle & Chill is upon us
Well come back to this tomorrow. so sleepy
Amen RED
God's plan
Hi, My King!
How are you?
Would you mind follow me?
Please my dream.
so proud of
meu amor vc merece tudo isso
Amen, and I gurantee you will be grateful for doing so. God Bless you ! Welcome fellow patriot !
and Vote.
Vote and .
Have a good nigh. everyone tank yuo GOD 4 other day take care all my family. and friends.
Hi, My King!
How are you?
Would you mind follow me?
Please my dream.
so proud of
miraculous
Oru Viral Puratchi
Happy Morning
Total BS Poll
God I can handle my enemies... just protect me from my friends!
chulitavinylclub crew always brightening up my life thanks for the jamz and vibe maintenance ALWAYS
Proclaiming Victory,
Thank you
Hi, My King!
How are you?
Would you mind follow me?
Please my dream.
so proud of
Thanking god a little extra for you right I love you more than life Nathan Hoss.
amen . Unfortunately, it is too much to ask from envious people.
Hi, My King!
How are you?
Would you mind follow me?
Please my dream.
so proud of
Thank you i hope i done my best pray for win
Our God is a miracle working God..
Nothing is too hard hard for Him
Beyond
Thank you
Thanks man. we been about it sense day 1
Can we now please have our first home game on a Sunday afternoon
Low-key hoping I can see
"thirtysomething" meant a lot to us - thanks !
I wouldn't mind waiting.
Hopefully only going to be living in AC for a few more months, praying on it I need to be back in the woods and under the stars
Pray for
Thank you
I pray one day God blesses me with a good man
Thank you wait for this next year!
Congratulations we are so proud of you, first of many
The last $17 is crazy! Why 17 very unusual on pricing
It was a close debate. The deciding factor is definitely your endorsement. vote for Gillum.
Same but everyday and he pays
thank you so much Andrew im so glad you understand how much they mean to me!
agreed
With God On My Side Nothing Can Stop Me
I appreciate that
anything for you Nay! Praying for her speedy recover Stay strong Nay
Thanks
Amen!
All for his glory
Great Movie! Shout out to RIP Vanity
Men in the mirror by Michael Jackson
Buenas Noches, hasta si Dios lo permite
Thank you, a great day ahead of you.
All the beautiful people in Canada Good Night
all day
Lmaooo thank you for the props
That's Crazy Pray For Trinidad
Leave Out All The Rest by on when my time comes
Facts
be patient, your time coming bro
praying for Trinidad
Rams/Chiefs Super Bowl pls
I owe it all to the amazing writers and the older cast I learned so much from over the years
Happy Sunday!
Thank you, Susana! Namaste
come show some love appreciate it
Dios te bendiga y te proteja siempre TQ! Buenas noches
So sorry! Prayers.
We've already been blessed with an amazing shower scene already! Watch with
be careful & stay safe!
God
Please
Please
Court please come to my house and give me a makeover
From the best city in the world! Good night
Mahesh Babu annavu choodu
"a &'
Please grant my hearts desire Lord.
00:00 Come to Argentina in your next tour, please!!!
Ambbberr ily thank you
Please
Please
Done
Today's Word
for following us GB-ALI. Keep pushin and enjoy your Sunday! If you haven't already, you can grab
.@YTCreators, hey, any idea why this is happening? (it look like this for us when signed out but
hiphopawardsWe celebrate 45 Years of Hip-Hop without catching up with the legendary,
I love it I am so grateful for having a IPhone
For you, .
Praying for everyone blessing
thanks for the follow!
Hope you get into
Thanks
Good morning
Please grant my heart's desire Lord.
A Thread:
Pls read this thread, be aware of this case
Pls sign this
Do You Need Graphics Done? Hit up my Plug He is affordable & Fast tell him Tbaby sent you
you did so well unnieee xoxo.
em Cristo
Kya baat he veer ji Shopping btw nice pic
Tragame tierra, plis
Thankyou Lord. Answered prayer
We want this democRat to destroy Florida. Vote for Ron DeSantis please!
Please RT and Follow
Add 10 RT
Ima try and get me the iPhone next weekend , I hope so
The scary part is you know under that water
andy & i were going to go to avila valley barn today, but thank God we didn't because everybody from HS was there
O that looks bad! hows the headache? Feel for ya!!!
This new shit im writin got me so focused keep doubtin me please do.
Praying for one of my faves.
Bless this man!
God Bless the USA!
Can someone please recommend me a sweet wine?
Thank you
. PLEASE SIGN THIS PETITION. Thank you kindly. Chris
Good Night and thank you
The other 21 ribs today;
Stay up bro.
Please extend aid, prayers and dedication to them
The show started with Rick, i would say it ends with Rick. So hopefully he will be back
Fingers
I'm sorry for spamming a lot today My mutuals and my followers, feel free to mute me and unfollow me instead
Wishing this brave serviceman a speedy recovery from this awful insider attack be strong! US brigadier
God IS a woman
Hi, My King!
How are you?
Would you mind follow me?
Please my dream.
so proud of
But really, what did we do to deserve dogs
Yo two packs just fell out of the vending machine for the price of one. Good out for a hungry college student God
zeek please, please Bro just do you! Hit the gap and make em feel you! Get dam all on you where we
Hi, My King!
How are you?
Would you mind follow me?
Please my dream.
so proud of
1 subscriber from smashing our goal
Yesyes po ate elliee
Watch it in loop to get more frustrated. Sorry
Thank you going to start doing working on Seth tomorrow
I think right
The best is yet to come
Traveling for Manshera
Need Prayers
Amen stop a threat to our families.
Todo bien
We've already been blessed with an amazing shower scene already! Watch with
Rest In Heaven Grandma I love you & miss you so much!!! Ofa Lahi Atu!!! Alofa atu!!!
New Movie Coming
.
.
Repost dari kogoyalistra
I am. It still hurts. But we will get through this. Have a good nite ok. be praying for
and with gratitude
Thank youuu
Is there a female versions of those helm because those look amazing
Happy birthday May God bless you abundantly
Not me...definitely...
Day 1
Oh no !
Sorry for your loss man stay strong
Thank you po Papa God. I didn't expect this one po. I hope na you will guide BSEE 1-B bukas
PLEASE PRETTY PLEASE DONT JUMP ON MY WHEN MY SHXT START TO POP ALL ME
Love what doing
I need the instrumental version of Paradise released from bangtan, even the beat alone is fire and then the lyrics thank you bts
Wish the best for RenLe
Keith's eyes are indigo.
I will die with that headcanon.
I'm sorry, please don't kill me.
I WANT THIS
Thank you
32 more yards and a TD for Tyreek Hill come on Chiefs do me a solid here
Omg had endometriosis too I know that n had a baby I just hope I could have a baby with mines
My prayers
..to myself !!
Hi, My King!
How are you?
Would you mind follow me?
Please my dream.
so proud of
omg pray for trinidad
This....
Idhu dhan Namma Sarkarrrr
HAPPY, HAPPY BIRTHDAY to me COOKIE E. ME MARIA E. QUEEN And to anyone else w a
Thank you for loving one another and serving God through the changes and the years as they roll on. Forever Fan.
God have Mercy on themhear are prayer
We are in a battle for the soul of
Just Sent In My Application To Augusta Praying For Acceptance
... ...
Praying my son is this passionate and articulate. Beautiful
Hi, My King!
How are you?
Would you mind follow me?
Please my dream.
so proud of
Praise Sunday Possums for all
Hi, My King!
How are you?
Would you mind follow me?
Please my dream.
so proud of
THIS PIC IS EVERYTHING! ICONIC!!!! I STAN
Thank you Watching this video is bliss
WARNING: cry fest ahead!!!
My Aunt Sandy just sent me this screenshot reminding me of a blog post I wrote 4
1 hour
Super Reality
Will offer Mass for Josh
we here brotha
I entered this on Follow the link to enter and help me earn entries.
Finally Updated
Short Priscilla and Reina from the Mae Young Classic
Stream Soon!
Tune
to Your Welcome Wish To Be Happy In All Your Life
She in a better place
God got me & you too, Amen
I didn't kiss Ravindra Jadeja..
I am speechless Kevin!! We are so fortunate and blessed to have you in our lives!!! Thank you
I come to the I see
I'm sorry I hope you feel better, I e been praying for you
I hope you and gpa are already dancing up there
Credit score is still improving grades are straight relationship is beautiful good
If ever I won't win this GA, I can still join the second round right? Thank you again for this GA
good luck too my friend
Thank you bro
Follow and support
Will check this out. Thanks for the reco
Tnx ...Keep the Faith
!....
As I enter this time of prayer I just would like to share the verse that God put on my heart who voted
All praise to God
He says, with man it is impossible, but not with God, for with God ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE
0h, Swiftmas Spree! Oh, Swiftmas Spree! How lovely is your con-fet-ti (So gorgeous-or so I can
Looking to join Please send me an invite. via
Good Morning Friends
Hi, reach us via [Send Feedback] in our app, we'll take a look and get back to you Thanks.
God Bless
WE ARE ANTICIPATING IT SO EXCITED!
Why all time wish to God Happiness always to my sister and all her sadness only to me
Wind down the weekend with our new EP of Gold & Silver! Thank you all for being awesome.
Philippines
Thank you so much for this Ga ,wish me luck .
I pray that someday you might.
maybe one these days those boots are gonna walk all over that hair
Aaaaw. See you sa finish line
Everyone has different preference
I know right. Hahaha thank you athirah! hopefully I decide to choose the right one
These are smooth AF
The TL sesh is LIVE! Come enjoy some fun games with us as we attempt to get me out of Gold 3
Head
dang, bless us put us on
Tyler Ennis Injury is crucial prayers up
One day, bro
Add me on Moments Social
Waleedoo
Friends! I have an interview tomorrow for a job I really want... say some prayers for me please
ab Congress ki antim yatra suru ho chuki he is liye Hindu yaad aya. Jai Shree Ram
es
Thanks Randy!
Thank You God
Aww Thank youuuuuu Meg Star so much!
Tag all your loved once
Follow me .
Check the link in bio
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Ahhhh potaaaaa. Another scary injury. Prayers up
Yes, my trap Lord. God bless you
nah, v-bucks finna go up in worth, it's like the new bitcoin or some shit trust in the process
Blue and green please. Lmk.
Get better my guy, prayers send your way
wish time!
THE BOOK OF ENOCH Part1
Enoch is Talking about The Chosen One
Who Do you This is ?
America You Need to Know: , Tell that bitch to be cool. Say: Bitch be cool. Our country is respected again, remember that.
There is power in the blood.
Congrats lil you fam
More more blessings to come
-single pero masaya
please
Just find it so streotypical that asian do not have bright skin tone
Many thanks
join now
Join 4free on and
A true blessing by all means.
Todays recap: 4-2. (+2.00*)
Tennessee +6.5 .5*
Hou/Jac under 41.5 1*
going up to you bro
Wait on the Lord
chemical engineer
goodluck for my enemy goodluck for your Biological Competition today. may God bless you do your best and ROCK that shit
Love ya back! Goodnight
IF ANYBODYS GETTING ME A CHRISTMAS PRESENT
Just truly sub-65-win play these first 3 games from the
Amazing. Love how ppl love animals and the fact that we
! !
Just please tell me that the elections will be honest this time...
indha dadava marana adi adikanum Thalaivaaa....
Waiting madly for ur crisped screenplay....
......
Que assim seja!
no stress good vibes only Woodstock, Illinois
UTS dulu baru SKRIPSI
Please take care my jk
Please es video ko like kra or comment kra or es Chanel ko subscribe kro please frnds
Thank you
bless all almighty for gud deeds and more and more seva Simran
Happy for you
bless you
Now on our final preparations for the World Robot Games 2018!!!!
All for Your Glory, Lord!
PS.
Please
really is just thinking about how lazy I can be on a Monday lol
Thank you for this gif. I swooned again.
Monday
"Selamat Hari Santri Nasional"
the richest person in the world
My birthday is on Wednesday can I use your credit card for a shopping spree for the day ?
Thanks
Yesss it works still
Ji
O GOD, GRANT OUR PRESIDENT A SUCCESSFUL WEEK.
Need ur silent prayers this week PLEASE Thank you
Curry Goat Rice & Peas & Platain & Freah Sunday Dinner Bodbwoy haffi Eat good
Kaduna we can do better my people stop the killing let there be peace ...
Prayer
[IG] w_n_r00 : |
once you get here !
Natapos din sa order. Juscoooo!! Thank you Lord.
Bebe Ish Nice to meet you Bebe. Thank you sa hug see you ulit
At the Club Med In Punta Cana with my baby brother and family I seen them in 2 years! Nous nos
pleased to pull this card for you as an offering for the week fellow travelers
Thanks for the spirit, ki!
This really means alot god bless u ketan. Always feel free to contact me if u need any help
we need to hoop ASAP bro! I still suck but it always down bro ! hmu and we can set something up forsure
goodmorning
Jeevanantham / kathiresan
Thank you sir
Please RT and Follow
Add 10 RT
You are so sweet. Thank you so, so much!
I Received The Crap Message After The Launch Of The Teaser.
Just seen injury , it hurt me.
Waheguru ji
OK. Carry on.
BTW Vijay is SM star..
PK more into politics..
Jr NTR Rarely wins a
Guruji Good morning
Good morning
A new member to be joined in Family today, hoping & praying for a baby GIRL HHM
Sokkalu pantlu, meesalu gaddalu ekkuvainai intla.
Hope you good, chin up.
well....its happened!!! someone ive dreamed of seeing live on stage!!
Wish me luck
Huge respect for him and his parents..
THANK YOU SO MUCH!!!!!!! also sorry for calling the head of PR team stupid i was wrong STRAY KIDS PR TEAM FIGHTING!!
We remember the Indian revolutionary, Ashfaqulla khan on his birth anniversary A freedom fighter who struggled against British imperialism
in love and tears i have an emotional breakdown this is too precious
/whispers/ for you
U can't help who you love
Wow, what a timeless story! We pray that God will raise your child as a mighty warrior like David!
hello po po Sana mabigyan nyu ng chance
"God Rest Her Beautiful Soul."
Tatapusin konalang ang taon.
Hopefully to become part of them ...
HOSA. We help the hungry! Houston Food Bank
Our first prime minister Sri Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose
Thank you God!
By the end of 2K19 I want to have done:
Ruffles Winner
95 Overall Pure Glass
Elite 3 in park
COMP PRO AM CENTER IN STARTING LINE-UP
Hopefully I don't get IP banned off of Twitch because Im not to to pay for a VPN
Truth! The month of November and I do not get along very well
Can you also share the flight when they're coming to Indonesia, please
Dully noted
Please reupload .
Thank you so much
20181021 wait@for@me sign even in Shizuoka tower records.
20181021
the K
DJ.
( !!!! ) to one of the kids i know, !!! !!
Thanks fam! Lets both take esports to the next level
Hi! I'm 25, can i be in your list?
Y si al perder, me quedas tu entonces lo ganado todo...
Sending you all my positive vibes
Terimakasih coach
Even though we directly disobeyed God gifted the opportunity to have children
God is so amazing! Praying for Tyler and his family!
We have you covered
Praying for all of you Be safe and
Now or Never Hindus must Unite
Courage Sha...
Njye mbugiyemo
My beautiful baby sis, now a mommy-to-be I pray richest blessings on this next season of life Every
Kindly translate what she sings in the teaser pls
As long as the Holy Spirit remains in you, you are in Christ and He will not leave you.
Prayers for this officer
Tomorrow is NOT going to be fun at all... pray for my sanity
Thank you, for holding vigil. Your holding up a candle for Ezell Ford is a remember for
{mu} review loreal perfect clinical day & night, essence dong
These are super cute!
I don't suppose you've made any demiseuxal bats, or at least ace bats?
FELIZ CUMPLE ! SIEMPRE SERAS MI SANTIAGO QUE DIOS TE LLENANDO DE BENDICIONESTE
You make me the happiest I have ever been thank you
Omgggg we lasted for most of it tho (even tho socializing is uGhHhh)
Pray for sis. Bindusha as she has an interview for nursing job.
6 & a 61yd game winner -
I want to study and pass my midterms
Far all not SUPERSTITIOUS fake woke, asf ppl. Learn ya herbs and
I'm so excited
Can't wait to listen to your new songs
Thank you so much for your hard and
It seems WordPress and Bluehost are a match made in heaven!
If you MAD be MAD AT GOD, he is the AUTHOR and FINISHER of my FAITH
+1
For me the drug is being in Satsang or listening to discourse from my Gurus
Amen Amine Ase
THAT TEE IS MY ABSOLUTE FAVORITE Thanks for the opportunity!
yes please !
Can't wait more scenes for Bobby and Athena
Oce is in progress, upload it tomorrow for you guys.
Last performance of with a beautiful tribute to
Now Hardwell will take a long vacation.
We
God bless you Sam
Thank you for your service
100 yr old Marine well do they make em any tougher... I think
Orlando Pirates
Liverpool
Barcelona
What a weekend.
Positive vibes please
Please take care of you.
So many great books here! Thrilled to see included. Thank you!
Oh no what happen I needa call family see if alright
Can they explain these images?
Great meeting tonight!! Much appreciated
Last performance of with a beautiful tribute to
Now Hardwell will take a long vacation.
We
Get out and vote November 6
the K
DJ.
In bed feeling comfortable and counting my Blessings Good Night Luvs Hasta
May God ease everything for you sister
Good morning Tweeple.
Kaalai Vanakam
Namaskar
JAI Shri Ram
Har Har Mahadev
Thank God
Thank you and I agree !
Hoping to pass my Midterms. Have a great week, Kevin!
please please please save!!
New song by yours truly, JJQ of the Q twins. Now on Spotify!
Happy birthday sir,
Incredible show. Thank you
If you fall for me, I am not easy to please !
Fall at your own risk
Snapchat - simonmalik97
.
.
.
Awe thank you baby it means a lot
praying for your wallet
Good morning to you have a nice day ahead
Why You NOT About
Thank you Toni!!! And thank you for having me yesterday it was amazing !!
SEKIAN DARI AYUNA
.
SALAM
My heart is so happy. I love you so much
LSU Homecoming
Happy morning to All my friends
I really want one
I wish all candidates the best
the K
DJ.
A plain heartfelt message from a common person
such a awesome song.... Sonu Nigam both of the your voices are sweeter than honey.
Good morning bhai
I see this tysfm
4 Years Of Kaththi
My favourite movie
sir
Kaththi kathiresan villathi villan
Mega
Kareem Hunt. Thank you.
ISU GP Congratulations
We are honored to be
Kaori SAKAMOTO
4th Bradie
Man beautiful and happy, mfs be hating fr wish i had something like
Sorry to say that some things in it aren't my liking
I just want to drive my Bentley all the way to Atlanta, Georgia & pull up on & tell her thanks
Hello, JaDine Fam! Help me please.
You may want to order our best selling MAKI STYRO PACK with SAUCE, WASABI
thankyou
Jay Bholenath
hi! I have a really crucial question, please reply
for the online transaction for bts tix, can we
swear this injury happens every season
87 likes in about a month. Help me get it to 100!
Hey make a video on Meteor Mash Metagross!! How powerful really it is as compared to Dialga!
is that the switch version is getting a physical release confirmed
hi! I have a really crucial question, please reply
for the online transaction for
So thankful, so blessed
Cmon Bengals get a score
Looking forward to your upcoming ffs Thank you so much for devoting your time writing and making us love
11 Days To Go For Birthday We All Are Wxcited
Edit -
Good morning sir
Happy Monday. G'ood morning to Fc & Safari live team.
Garbage time TD
Good morning bhai
Thank you my dude
when ria willingly retweets the creepy rabbit man
This is going to be one hell of a week for me at the plantation, may God give me the strength to come out of it successfully
YES PLEASE
Respect for one of our best CB's
Boa noite
It sure is. Hope these people are able to get their lives back together.
for the former laker, hate seeing this, speedy recovery!
God ; be on my side ; guide to the right direction!
Please be
Thank you
My English skill is poor, Can you read it even a bit? so I will be happy Thank you~
Dang my heart is full thank you to those who shared their scriptures with me really has helped me
Truth , let us commit to lifting each up
On this day I witnessed finally become a man. Winning his first Fortnite solo game with 1 kill.
Cr. on pic
Okay thanks so much
Yes.....but by not kicking the FG they hit the over....yet
So so sorry for this senseless awful loss. May God's peace sustain and comfort you.
Good morning sir
DAY of 58 add your wish or comment & the best will be retweeted
All I can say is is
Good Morning
" What did I do wrong ? This practice of self analysis is the main key elements of our trading success "
do anyone know if bank islam can be used for online ticketing transaction? it'a urgentt
Good morning everyone
Thank God for yet another day
help this person out
This is what momentum looks like!
Asi sera
Sorry for the rant today
I'm posting this now. I'm going to win the mega millions this Tuesday.
Dear ji, I pray for your good health and happiness
Warm birthday greetings
DIOSSSS GRACIAS POR TANTO the best playlist ever
Wish you the same
Have a peaceful night
GO ON! God will help you
Im sorry for your loss. Please stay strong fam
Siempre
Thank god to fancams so too short whyyyy
Thank you!
The 23rd is good for comfort too. You probably knew that, but thought share. for whatever going through.
Please RT and Follow
Add 10 RT
Superbbbb Edit..
Indeed so beautiful and divine. :) Thank you
I works for me as well in time of need
I think getting sick. which is something super inconvenient right now so send some good vibes
spiritual.awakening1
Positive affirmations!
______________________________________
Follow
Ff puhleasee
RT
Thanks to tat Brother
twicepink vive
Cinta Untuk cover by see full clik link youtube on bio.
.
.
.
to
Lord thank you sa blessings, sa guidance mo everyday.
Sobrang happy ako ngayon salamat aa unconditional love lord you the best!
Simple, easy and fast meditation technique that takes less than 5 minutes
Vote RED to save America
we gone good , show ya what ya never knew
Please help me by RT this I still need 190RT
please restock on puma basket x BTS we need those shoes please I beg you
And now genuinely happy
i appreciate the effort regardless, thank you
Anbe Kamal
Goodluck friend!
Por favor!
Gracias, la Gerencia! y el cuerpo lo sabe
work, work, work
The man is a Martin Luther
Please help me by RT this I still need 190RT
So sorry, and me to.
Please
Please
Good Morning Bhai
Please help me by RT this I still need 190RT
Please
Please
PIT STOP
Ya Allah please protect my heart from falling in love with a wrong person
Have a nice day my best friend
See tsk tsk tsk.
They better be careful what they wish for
thankful that you are still here
New
FELIZ CUMPLE ! SIEMPRE SERAS MI SANTIAGO QUE DIOS TE LLENANDO DE
Julio Jones PLEASE do not suck tomorrow
The fakes come out of the shadows when you're at your lowest. I see ya'll, keep doin you. I wish you the best.
Please help me by RT this I still need 190RT
Happy Birthday Amitji, Thank You
Truly blessed This move has been nothing but amazing
Having a relationship with GOD is the most important thing in your
Happy New Week !
Thank you
please in the name of jesus!!!
let your tomorrow be like yesterday just give it to God, work it out for
Please RT Follow
Add 10 RT
So yall going to donate some of that to me
Please help me by RT this I still need 190RT
Happy C Day To One Of The Realist snoopdogg Happy 47th Champ ~ via
Dehradun diaries
Credits to the insta page
Waitinggggg... This time please concentrate on the Biceps bro...
Check out the new freestyle we been grindin on all day God Bless!
FELIZ CUMPLE ! SIEMPRE SERAS MI SANTIAGO QUE DIOS TE LLENANDO DE BENDICIONESTE
hoping for the day I can
Please help me by RT this I still need 190RT
So fucking sick. So fucking sick. So fucking sick. PLEASE STAY having your head on a swivel just enough anymore
Gracias mi Dios
Done yahh.. thank you for you GA and i hope you always healty lets be friend
If only our officials would keep this in mind America would still be the beacon it once was!
Savage Alert thank you for expressing your wonderful customer service,we socially appreciate it! I
Hahaha I am now!
Working for a dope company that actually gives a shit about employees. Bless
Perfectly balanced universe now
Acho pls
Please RT Follow
Add 10 RT
Turn your Idea Into Result
A Sunday word
Lord, please keep Arly and her family safe
In Jesus name
AMEJ
Preach
I just asked for cough drops and my dad comes back with this lol I love him
Two faced lanyard for dem two faced peeps gemini represent
be interested too Steve thanks
Unity in diversity
I love my friends so much..
Ahhh. Thank you po and God Bless.
Tomorrow is a latter day!
and I thank God everyday I changed my ways
Psalm 73:26 reading what you sent me helped take mine just wanted to thank you again!
Lord,
Please keep Arly and her family safe.
In Jesus name...... AMEN
Ban those noodles!
WERE ABIT BLONDISH
Venga tu puedes
You most definitely gone send love to your people you have to much of a kind heart parting for
Power of
Tracking vunna ekkadaina dhaatyada ee cinema
Whoever gets discounts for universal studios message me
i hope that...amen
Much love brother
Selamat Hari Santri Nasional
Alhamdulillah for everything
got the chance to provide the vibes for surprise birthday yesterday
Amen Florida Needs Gillium is Soros backed
POR FAVOR QUE NO SALGA OSIRIS
Have one thanks
I was practising drawing smol erwin that time thank you once again!
Rip YouTube ( better on they other side) by Chris Brown ft the game
THANK YOU GOD
Everyone me. pray for me because my boss gonna eventually get fed up with my trash ass.
I think we all hope one day to be recipients of such charity and generosity as well
our Reptilian Overlords
may different plan SYAsa yo
Amin
To KaDUna:
"We are here" by .
Day 1
Much appreciated which one is your fav?
PLEASEEE PLEASE PLEASE dont turn out to be a dick
Idol For A Reason..
Never Lost my faith in Him..
Title card.!
gracias mi gaby un honor tu amistad y saludame al dracula
/wtb/ preloved slogan fansite wanna one yg bisa shopee. Kalo cocok langsung checkout hari ini
Damn bro, hope everything is alright man. Keep around family and loved ones. Hang in there man
Praise Jebus
Reminding myself of homily yesterday.
Quail egg by chef chef_yasusama
when everything goes right.
thank God
The judgement day for the first semester is now. Fingers crossed, I pray I will pass.
I hope so as well
Is Rich alive ? Something isn't TRUE in this story; God I hope he is
VIDEO SPREADIN LIKE WILDFIRE!! 46k+ Views
PLEASE PRAY FOR OUR TROOPS
SERVING OVERSEAS, AND HERE ON
OUR OWN
u real
Done cash app: $StephaneyArias
RETWEET POR FAVOR
Plz plz post ur pic of Dehradun event
Please RT Follow
Add 10 RT
if the company disagrees, release it as your mixtape, king.
Rich Kidz Visual Out NOW
Retweet & Fav This For Me
Drop A Like OR Comment If U
Sana Blessed Monday
ViVe SiMpLe....
GrAnDe....
Da GrAcIaS....
Da AmOr....
RiE MuChO....
Que tengas
ecmain
We still love you bro
Good morning sir
Great Sunday with my beautiful lady and the fam at the pumpkin patch. her smile says it all!
krazy n every category EXCEPT Getting Money
good meeting you brotha
Happy Birthday to KINGMAKER
lol now this is a unique situation
THANK U tbh been feeling really confident lately after a lil downspell so Doing the Most look wise
Good morning bhai
Dear God, Not Asking For Anything Today, I Just Want To say Thank You For Protecting Me Last Night.
Yo'll
damn i never used your number.. but you a smooth ass nigga
i'm hoping the person you'll gonna share with that ticket would be so lucky she/he has someone to cry and laugh with..
Please RT Follow
Add 10 RT
Shukriya Media
Yea its a general problem when using cheap fullbacks. Cheers nick, lets hope for an AI patch soon
Ab to Bollywood movies main kuch hota he ni or jo hota ha wo dhkny Wala ni hota
Happy birthday dear mota bhai
All my prayers for your long, active, healthy life. We will always remember you
I thank god every day for this blessing of a girlfriend I have.
Clippers with the win
Steady Praying for better days
so Blessed
HOKAGE ka padin Zeke
Teach me your ways
another bleater spotted. heccin followed.
stay strong
Share them with the World Bruce
I wish!
Please RT Follow
Add 10 RT
20k 120 pair collection buyout s/o everyone that supports me
Nombre 1 4ever my hero
Thank you for an amazing stream!! Resting my voice for a few days! Gonna spend some time trying to hit up some
Our church is in Big Trouble!, we need new leadership or pray for to make the correct decisions !, Amen
This Tweet Showing The Level of Ur Standard brother.
Its Thala Brother Not Vijay movie to Postpone by hearing a Clash
ho ho ho
Pls RT
Finished my Readings for the day, now to recharge the batteries I hope I have helped guide you all today in
You are very welcome!!!
OM NAMAH SHIVAAYA
Please RT Follow
Add 10 RT
First time ra saami hit ani esav
New treehouse of horror tonight
blessings to everyone. Everyone loves a good story.
Thx for being lovely and eating pizza with my shut-in self today
Oh come holy spirit, changed me for i surrender
Happy birthday dear mota bhai
All my prayers for your long, active, healthy life. We
Please add this lady she really deserves H's follow
about that time for NEW YEAR RESOLUTIONS GOD I want all this money no won take dsame step wey I
Wow rest easy
I be like aha bitch I love your stupid ass now my friend got you and he about to fuck you over
One day mehson
Congratulations to Uruguay for considering the transgender laws and policy reforms better world
SOLEMN RECOGNITION
TO ALL WHO DO NOT DELIBERATELY FORGET
Watch 13 Hours The Secret Soldiers of Benghazi
Heartwrenching I know but the TRUTH of
Pray for us, St. Pope John Paul II
Army pls help
Thanks 18th years of existence
it's 2018 and no male idol has topped this yet. i'll say a prayer for all of your favs to be less boring next year
Thanks so much I am so happy
Check pm dear
Deus
Fuck down 9 with only Sanu left tomorrow please keep the streak of 10 or more points alive
DAY of 58 add your wish or comment & the best will be retweeted
This hit home
Happy birthday to Amit Shah jee.Wishing good health and prosperity in all spheres.Jay Jagannath
Please help
my wanted to
my said
thank my grandpa is the E
figures I was only
Applied for 3 jobs tonight, 1 at a place I know I'd enjoy. Please pray for me! I really want this job
Please RT Follow
Add 10 RT
Just a blessing
Swamiye Saranam Ayyappa
Glad you enjoyed it!
Happy birthday
boa noite amadxs
That's very serious!
Queen
Thank you, G!
with
Grande Valley gracias ..
Thanks so much I am so happy
But I am not able to pm you
He is in my prayers and I am asking God for a complete healthy recovery! ANEN!
A very good Morning to you Sir. Thanks for your greetings.
Raghupati Raghav Raja Ram.
Please watch and share.
It's hockey season
Selamat Hari Santri
Free Fire? Fortnite? NAAAAA ni ahi amigo yo juego Follow JC GO
Just in time for
Thank you Respect
Thanks so much I am so happy
But i am not able to pm you dear
Send on. I need that for Red dead
Feelin blessed
You win unless you learn how to lose.
TYSM
my cup runneth over
Always had high hopes.
I always stand for nationalism and truth
1 time for the city of San Diego. Love this
Rest in peace Lewis
Lord forgive me for reading this blasphemy in Jesus Name AMEN .
Selamat Hari Santri
Blessed
can i make a request ?
can hoshi please make a dance cover of Justin Beiber's 'NO BRAINER' ???
Praise God if this happens. STOP THE INSANITY!!!
If its for me then its for me honesty is the best policy. I hope they don't judge me
Ajuda pfvr e pede pra ajudar tbm
Grato
My girlfriend is so I swear. How did I get so blessed idk but a fucking DIME
!
God, I lift it up to you!
Go at a pace thats easy 4u
Monday Motivation
Im from San Diego, CA, USA thank you for this
Time for bed Goodnight pray ya prayers
do you still broken 11.4 b3 with unc0ver or work fine in last update?
Thanks Partner for Sharing Drop by to follow up on her progress... Wow~ in less than a month fr XL
Pls may I win some Vbucks pls bro
Lord I'm ready
God willing.
Thank you for the good deal
Sports + recreational activities have a huge impact on family life. for the salvation of every parent in every
Please RT Follow
Add 10 RT
Finally done for the Weekend. 6 EVENTS ! Phew !! Thank the lord hugs and kisses to my team you make me so
is such an intelligent film, just loved it Thanks to
DEUS TE AMA CARA
Good morning to ot9 only
Please RT Follow
Add 10 RT
proud to be Indian
Another blessed weekend... GOD please continue to protect their love and happiness
A Blue Wave Is Coming And Keep Fingers Cross
DeSantis was awesome Definitely want him as my Governor
I booze, but I got a lotta spirit I me
Got tap that link in bio if you already Harare,
No one can stop what God got for you
Vande matharam
Rams 7-0, only undefeated team in the NFL. Notre Dame is 7-0 and in the Nation. Dodgers are in the World Series.
meanwhile in
Heartbreaking
Ceeded lo 1Weekend Tarvatha prathi roju more than 50L collect chesina OKE okka Hero TARAK
, Verey Hero
Everyone has a True Love and He Is Mine . One Day He Will Figure Things Out Until then I will wait
Sir ji Jo b Pakistan k khalif boly tun k rakho hum app k sath Hain
Protected means to be kept safe.
Keep me as the apple of your eye; hide me in the shadow of your wings
Ji,
Wish you a very Happy Birthday.
me Emmanuel gyamfi I have a lots a videos tho please
When your new studio porn will be released?
all have a great week ahead
Stop trying to get everybody to understand cause they not just trust the process make sense now but it will later
Thanks! This made my Monday morning peaceful
Morning you guys. Wishing you guys a blessed week filled with positivity and productivity. amen!
This is an iconic show & Dr Arman Malik is an iconic character
Toda la gloria sea para Dios
Tongthai Magazine X PERTH
thx pic IG runnerize
Please RT Follow
Add 10 RT
Only when it is your time, sir!
have Sky & Ocean Brown on ur show! Super amazing & beautiful kids!!!
Omg can she attend Blackpink concert
Epic thread...
What a blow to
RIP 's intellectualism
Thank you
Di nata classmatess please!!
You cant Trust everyone you break bread with just ask Jesus
Only break Bread with people you Starved with Jah
such a sucker - this actually has me excited again.
Please RT Follow
Add 10 RT
Ahhhhhhh! I hope someone uploads it on YouTube
Friendship What a great weekend with my old friends from Brazil!
Thank you, mate!! I'm all okay right now
sorry for your loss, girl. stay up & yeahhh that part
I offer my prayers to your deceased wallet But enjoy the dvd TwT
Thank you vai.songe gave me the all inspiration of mu work..
prayers for SAM the MAN
Thankyou so much
Swamiye Saranam Ayyappa
Able God
Please RT Follow
Add 10 RT
please add more halls at Aeon Bandaraya Melaka have mercy on us Matriks student open more halls
WISH ME LUCK THANK YOU
Keep the faith and Go Go Jeremy
Good Vibes See you in the A.M you Albino Giraffes
Nopes. Media blackout. Network blackout. Hope the true devotees are protected by Swami Ayappa.
Hi DJ Rico & Karla can you play the song Bukas Makalawa by pls
Copped, good looks
thank you for all the love, prayers and support dear friends. So many of you checking on me from time to time.
Sir I wish you all the very best. I will be there in line to buy it. One day I will get it signed by you. Pranams
We can only hope.
Very Good Morning
Iiiiiiiii shabashhhhh a
Shadi ki dua par foran se follow back
Btw... Thank you so much sham
Thank you for this gem
O.M.G. This kid cute or anything!!
Aaaaand, remember to adopt and shop.
I really have to get myself some antibiotics salt water and honey didn't work this time I have neurosciences have some mercy on me
Give these naver articles about the fire EP good reactions before the antis overtake the dislikes
thank you so much for everyone's hard work
This was very thoughtful to wear in a country that criminalizes sexual diversity.
here...
we forget.
They deserved better.
thank you to my sweet patrons for supporting my art and comics
Aint no party like a Holy Ghost party I LOVEEEE IT !!! &&& do hear the band
Best of luck to y'all Best Cross-country team out there
Your spouse will be equally yoked to you.
THANK YOU ! Everyone seems to find it funny to call me Dora
Swami Saranam
Give these naver articles about the fire EP good reactions before the antis overtake w/ downvotes
So I had a little bit of the issues
thanks for keeping your promise wait to see you kill
Thank you for all you've done.
Song For God
Sing and pray, Pray and sing with your heart. Coach Pnt. Sonce Rawis
My dawg! You deserve all the success bro. Blessings
Busy ka eh there will be next time...madami pa tayong events to look forward to
Happy birthday to your mom.
With
It's been a good day
I am grateful for where I stand as a man
You'on work .... You'on eat nothing
All i can hope for is the ppl in my life who are going through the same process have peace of mind and become happy with themselves
Give these naver articles about fire EP good reactions before the antis overtake w/ downvotes
Good night world! May God bless us with a tomorrow
oh!!! very well put. I appreciate that perspective thank you
Thank you
I hope you pull through whatever is going on
from 1st to 3rd to forever Happy (ctto)
I love you! yes please lol
Good dreams, good vibes happy Monday
Please RT Follow
Add 10 RT
Oremos
Goodluck beshy
NICO Touches the Walls
l'arc en ciel
Gracias
Fortnite Montage | Lucid Dreams via my first video! Like and Subscribe
Mother Superior.
Thanks you bro ! Respect
Jai Shree Krishna
I'm not from your fandom, but I hope you get financial support and I wish your mom will be okay.
Gracias
Crossing my fingers, please add GSC IOI Mall Puchong to your list Thank you admin
Congrats
glad turn out for Jr was amazing. I know his family appreciates every bit
Now to get better Jr,
So well loved thank you Arkadiy, Nicolas, Nico, Carlos & chef nkorenbaum
What a morning so grateful to live on the Goldy
Wearing physiofitco
Take the time to relaxxx hope you feel better
That would be freaking awesome if they did been grinding so much, hopefully soon
Shoutout and for bestowing god-tier gaming power upon me.
Hii darlings good morning
Have a nice day all
Are you ready to participate in trend
My alarm
Yooo lit! Hope doing good appreciate you for showing out & showing your support man!
Pray for Trinidad
Good morning!! Keep smiling and happy dear friend let's star the day with a big smile and coffee thank you dear Samiii
Please RT Follow
Add 10 RT
Welcome I hope you did well
Bless Up
Thoughts and prayers to the family. Was listening to the briefing when Andre Hal mentioned the loss of his Father.
All praises to the Most High God
this is insane...!! how can anyone be so cruel !!
prayers for the women
from - Aleluia ____________________________
Sigam Nosso Instagram
Please RT Follow
Add 10 RT
Good Morning
Seriously
They took away one of our favorite characters frm
Push yourself
. . .
LIKE COMMENT & FOLLOW
.
MEAL
FELLAS
If she don't rinse and her we eating environmentally friendly pussy
Mi apoyo a en Apoyalo
You are brilliant god bless you and your family
You, and I, and thousands more.
We will continue to fight for the victory of good over evil.
I got no time stalking peoples pages, & will thanks for the motivation brotha
Prime Minister Sir, kindly give to 2011-2015 UPSC candidates
Damn. These are killer
Expect the 10-Minute Forces YTP in the next few days or so
almost done
Me too!
Come to Monterrey please te amo
better days are coming, i know for sure!
As me go pon the IG me go see bad news Hold Firm Ramone your mom is in a better place R.I.P
Those got no chance w/ Spoiled nkorenbaum
God has answered and is responding.
I appreciate the people that can separate me from my mental illness
May your heart desires be met. I decree and declare. May you experience favor . That thing that you
Lord God, bless me with these options in life Amen
Thankyou po Lord
Good morning Sharon. A start to another week already. Have a good day my friend xx
Ahora viene la racha ganadora
An amazing journey comes to an end
Yoga Teacher
0115525086
GTBank. May God surprise you too with blessings. Amen
My first tat is gon be so meaningful rip gma
Dang I wish I was able to watch. be here when in a famous opera just gotta have patience
I miss seeing you on stage at your own concert too! Please COME TO MALAYSIA You played
My last relationship taught me so much from the good to the bad ..
I swear I was just thinking bout bro.. like damn bro really gone
the realest thing I read in years.
Welcome back
Lottery win, love, a baby!!!
Can I travel first then have my baby? hehe
already been 2 years for my 6th+7th
Thank you they should use this outrage to actual important issues not personal problems. Thoughts
DAY of 58 add your wish or comment & the best will be retweeted
Wow you really gave a lot!! There are too many blessingss I bless youu
Thunderous AMEN , I receive it in Jesus name !!!
Thank you I followed all please follow back
with
Grande Valley gracias ..
hopefully I can too
Fiat my dear, happy birthday. May God bless you all da time.
Magandang tanghali! Day 1 of finals done, tomorrow's gonna be killer coz major subject and Math.
Push yourself
. . .
LIKE COMMENT & FOLLOW
.
MEAL
thank you so much, Karen I love you too!! You know the rest.
already been 2 years for my right 6th+7th
Yep, seat option pun dah x byk td time I beli..gotta wait for any updates. seeya
Speedy Recovery Ennis
Devotion via
My guy, an abusive relationship. Do better King
Please RT Follow
Add 10 RT
Thank u for hardwork GSC hopefully boleh tmbah halls lagiii
thank you
We can only hope. I also hope they bring back to shore up middle LB.
Wao Hats off
480 toot bhi gaya aur lagta hai LC lag he jaiga
Sir, you are the best
By and large...
Stick to protocols...
Dear friends...
kindly bring TRENCH here
the true leader, the torch bearer of Stay fit and healthy with a long life.
Please RT Follow
Add 10 RT
someone get me down to detroit tuesday by 7pm begging you, provide gas
i need to get to .
me too
: Day 7 Execllent View Top
Humein bhi apni sharan mein le lo
Blessed to be born and raised to the best City in the Colorado Springs!
RIP Joachim.. your one act had altered history.
So sorry for what you went through! of strength and healing for you and every other victim of crime!
Book logo is awesome, I will this book
DAY
2013
Amen
my Ruk angel. love you
you made my day.
stay sweet n gorgeous the way you are
Hi guys please rt this tweet for us please, thank you
Thanks to everyone that came out + made my birthday dinner a SUCCESS!!
When the devil is knocking on your door with evil temptations,thoughts and energy but you know God will see you through
Lord save me and my brothers
Thanks Great Congratulations
Long term mindset is how you win
Great perspective
Thank you really appreciate your words. Overwhelmed
all is well
DEMIGOD !....
Taaaaa shouts out to being blind!
I hope u get the contract ur fighting
Every contribution counts brother. Thanks
stop worrying about things. You worry too much and beginning to affect you. Go and rest. It will happen
ON ANOTHER LEVEL IM HUNGRIER THAN EVER.
most welcome
Please watch this incredible video about Golden Eagles hunting for the nomads of Mongolia. RT
I love my city we all talented
My apologies I misread your statement. adult enough to admit a mistake.
my friend & no prob
praying for his surgery
Sending prayers.
if i had a hundred dollars for every of bts i would have a lot
for following us joshua. Keep pushin and enjoy your Sunday! If you haven't already, you can
Anytime is right time.
Save the
Prayers for California its FLOODED with lying ass hoes .
Thank Vou God
Great Thanks
Hey bcs I'm new in this
How to complete
please follow me
Great Salute mam For take an Real Immediately Action Breakfast Only Positive Hindustaan
with
Grande Valley gracias ..
Madam, please click one selfie hanging on door of the Virar local at 8 PM!
May your choices reflect your hopes, not your fears.
definitely a proud one plus it helps my flight RT was less than $300.
Thank you really appreciate your words. Overwhelmed
Indeed.
MORE GUITAR SOLOS PLEASE
Amen
We know how much u love him.. Rest in peace
Aaawee you're so cute tomorrow I have 2 exam please wish me good luck te amo
1 hour nalang.
NOTRE DAME, PRAY FOR US.
Corpus Christi, Texas
QRISPY!!! Lost my voice yelling for you
So damned hot
W for my fantasy please
Thank you, Lord. One sem down.
oh RIP Guy
lost a real one
My family will have it all
Thank you
Book logo is awesome , I will read this book
Thank you
NOVEMBER na sana please this will be her first solo movie w/o Dj. Nakakaexcite talaga.
Sana may JULKATH din
PLEASE VOTE FOR SEVENTEEN !!!
Download STARPLE - 2018 AAA app:
Android /
Sending love to the engineers working hard on a Sunday at
This is my fav time of the year is back, & college basketball starts in like a week
Fear Factory please
Monday blessed
Vlive please work for on this I don't want to miss a second of this showcase
I hope u get the contract ur fighting
you make me smile
so glad tomorrow is a short day thanks god for looking out for me
Now this is the way to
Thank you for morning devotion
happy birthday sir
twittazo
11:11 good health and more raket for para sa future baby Barber
No class for me tomorrow
Jinwoo: look forward to our music. Thank you
Thank you always. I LOVE
I love you too Jinu
Buenas noches
22 on the 22nd give thanks
Hi, My King!
How are you?
Would you mind follow me?
Please my dream.
so proud of
Thank u so much for receiving my and gifts . I hope all of u will like them
you mean the world the me
hoping these are real bids and not fake that would be so sad that
Claroo
About last night, vibey af. Such a great night.
I swear
Jinwoo: look forward to our music. Thank you
Thank you always. I LOVE
I love you too Jinu
may i have royal tea plis
Maine lang sapat na di ko gusto si mariane uli
National Shrine of St. Padre Pio
Hi, My King!
How are you?
Would you mind follow me?
Please my dream.
so proud of
You should write a book on Boss
that dream is on.
welcome
crying so hard rn. Nowadays you get anyone to help you, yet this man gave everything
Corpus Christi, Texas
~ || By:
Are you an anime artist || Get my FREE Ebook
I am so happy to see more scenes of DonKiss on PlayHouse Keep the kilig going
Hi, My King!
How are you?
Would you mind follow me?
Please my dream.
so proud of
Que se repita la Pliss!
COMPARTILHEM CHEGAR AO
MAIS UMA DOS PETRALHA E DO VITTAR
Semhle bhuti wethu
I'M SO SORRY, I'M SO GLAD YOU TWO ARE OKAY. - PRAYERS TO YOU AND YOUR FAMILY. VOTING BLUE.
OM NAMO VENKATESHAYA
2 More Wins. Congrats to all our members.Hpng for same rslts in tdy matches.For
HAPPY BDAY TO ME LIKE IM KOBE POINTS LIKE IM KOBE 5 LIKE
praying for Vrykul allied race
Yes, please and thank you people
Omg blessss thank you!
Nice to meet you here!
Oh shit almost November all men know what that means
Happy birthday sir Ji
Please RT Follow
Add 10 RT
Damn R.I.P Nick Breed i stayed bumping him
Horroscope looking good a herpes sun, chlamydia moon, syphillis rising
Love on your enemies until they become your friends
one day
Good morning sirji Most Welcome Tommarow Morning Issue Hindustaan is Love Valley Of TigeR
Hope everyone has a great week !!! Do something positive and stay encouraged
Blessings
Amazing to hear!
This is crazy! Glad my family is safe and have this much flooding in their area
Sorry for your loss
Please RT Follow
Add 10 RT
Prayers have been answered
Thank you Lord sa grades class honors im coming for ya
Momma made the smothered chops white rice and gravy green beans and cornbread blesss her heart! I love this woman!!!!!
you guys should do another scene together. Would love to
Pray for
Night night DOG LOVERS
Dios los bendiga.
Dale mucho amor y tiempo a tus mascotas
HABIBE
cotton on please call me ):
Pray with me?
Now I lay me
down to sleep,
I pray The Lord
my soul to keep.
If I should die
before I wake,
I
happy birthday to my brother thanks for always support me i miss you bro
excited though. I have so much to be thankful for and to come!
Please RT Follow
Add 10 RT
Hey where r u fake feminist..? See this is called women empowerment........ More power to u girlss....
Thanks a lot bro
God is close to where people show love to one another.
Buenas Noches.
Welcome to Pakistan
Was skeptical at first but shit this guy made me so much money! Thanks
I'm really hoping for that too
Dammit. Just saw Tyler injury. Prayers up.
Yooooooo! Snoop is coming on Nov 24, I need those tickets please.
My birthday is the 25th & I've been trying to
THANKS
rbl bank classic for what you share for your followers
[JIHOON BDAY PROJECT]
Thank you so much for sending your covers
please follow me I am following you
Take steps that will get you closer to your dream
i that'cha get him
(and me too whenever he's out)
Hi, My King!
How are you?
Would you mind follow me?
Please my dream.
so proud of
Many thanks.
Makes NO MISTAKES
7 de noviembre llega yaaa
Selamat Hari Santri Nasional
Hi, My King!
How are you?
Would you mind follow me?
Please my dream.
so proud of
Thank you very much
I'm happy
SHOP CLOSED! Thank you to everyone who supported me even during the week been open!
Next time I plan
I need really good nail tech recommendations I have a specific idea in mind.
When driving and talking to God and felt he answered you right away with these!
Thank you
NAMASTE DAY BITCHES
I really hope they prospering rn
Da Evening Meditation
"Superabundant Grace"
Henri Nouwen
Konni sixes ala ela crowd loki pothayo ardham kadhu
Happy Birthday!!!
you've an incredible day of good wishes
Nallasivan bro yaga poitiga unga tweets a miss pandrom
God will show them a way
Kaththi BGMs are till date the best for Thalapathy and ANI . Thank you
Japan trip soon with the fam. Hopefully
Thank the Lord for his courage.
Thoughts and prayers
Legends win congrats to our
I swear
Sorry abang cho hensem molek
Aww taee^^ i'm happy when you are happy thanks to you i like and i'm inteerest in art more and
Please play Burn the stage: the movie here in Mauritius
The BEST
= sappy
bruh? Need permission to remix happier! It would make me happy!
god is real
Please open the GA na for It's been over a week na po
Set the sun ver... Wish me luck
God bless the red hen and the Blue Wave. Amen
Someone please give me the strength to study for my midterm tomorrow
THANKS
Thank you very much bro! I know about this forum
know how just hearing this now but from the bottom of my Thank you for the musical gift
ALL'S WELL. WALANG BAGSAK. THANK YOU PO LORD.
gonna be a real bitch to wake up in the morning but... at least being woken up right! With that I thank God goodnight
Write it as a one-shot
He was such a Brave man. President JFK. May he Rest In Peace. DT
Prayers goin out
Liam!
Aww taee^^ i'm happy when you are happy thanks to you i like and i'm inteerest in art more and
Thanks to all
A blessed image
Add a brass section and "Under Pressure" for the tour, too, pretty please with on top!
Grateful to see 23 Thank God for another birthday
Amen
it's been forever. Welcome back.
tyL
Waheguru Ji
Not weak for needing time to rest
God is working in my Favour
por resumen. Le&r
PD: Gracias por poner
Just have a look at the no. of inngs!!! This is RIDICULOUS stuff! This is a freak at work
From your lips to God's ears
Pretty motivated and inspired coming back from honest expression
Any beautiful asian girl want to go for an online shopping spree right now. DM me
Do you have contact info for people not on Twitter? RT'd & sharing on facebook!
thank God for
i'd feel b l e s s e d. Please let this happen.
I need to feel my life with more seokhan content.
Listening to Nuthin' 2 Prove, and I can't stop smiling. Thanks for the album
Grateful and in good health, thank you Lord and bless everyone on here in this new week
We made all on order.
i wann whats best for you , & wanna see you win
Thanks
Jai Shree Krishna
No contribution is a small contribution. Thanks alot
Please win
Happy birthday ji. Thanks for making Bjp largest party.
Dreamland ko?
Canada! I hope someday!
plssss.
Brillamos hasta con el alma rota
AMEN igual Gracias Betty
Sorry, been awhile since posted everyone. Please forgive me. try to upload and tweet more often.
It is indeed a very good, homey kitchen
GoN to sleep listenNto
We
It makes me so humble how much better I am then everyone else
fam~day
asian tour, please
I asked go to heal you mentally and spiritually
The next DMo
God please!!
She said what she said u
gonna hold you, I sometimes go back and ask myself was it really
Please come to the Czech Republic next year!
It makes me sick seeing all these young people pass, Rip Michael havens
YES! Go girl! Kick that crazy Abbott out Please
Happy birthday may god grant you every happiness that you deserve.
Linda noche, muchas bendiciones
Prayer answered! Willa is on the way
And soon enough it will be an anime opening.
Semoga amin
This is the best news FAU fans have gotten all week. all praying for an easy recovery, Dante!
you guys should do a scene together. Vag and balls deep anal.
Taeyeon can literally sing any genre and she always puts out quality music. Please sing forever And i promise
Thankful for the Gift of Life
What congi's will do? Many of them will celebrate "end of dynasty rule".
Almost home... last stop in Dubai then Cape Town
Sunday! Beautiful What a view! Bright Lit Blue Skies for you!! Have a nice week
GOOD MORNING
HAVE A NICE DAY
Done,wish me luck
Ntr fan la maaripoyanu Anna nee tweet lo em thappu ledu....ippudu naa tweet ye antha thappu OK fine
Yesssssss I be asking for too much
those ot3 fans are not happy with their lives. may these dumb people find God's enlightenment please...
Rt and fav if you like this and also check out my ig: Thanks
Varsity arnis
Taeyeon can literally sing any genre and she always puts out quality music. Please sing forever And i promise
You tried to find out every aspect of the accident..
Freddie Mercury
Wishing u very happy birthday &
Happier years ahead sir
hi Dom. Sorry to bother you, but can you buy me black ops 4 please
you guys should do a scene together.
Sid Sriram
Ang saya ng start of the week a...
Ang daming ZekShie scenes sa Playhouse
Thank you po
Thanks for everything good luck on your new endeavor
Please follow
D&E flight sell
SEOUL FUKUOKA
dm please
I deserve better...and better is what shall i have
Aweeeeeeee sis I try
Oof but thanks
Thank God for another day
Awww thank you so much Max HAPPY BIRTHDAY buddy! I hope you got to have fun and eat cake
Do you remember when you joined Twitter? I do!
Thank you Nicolas! very much and much love!
wait til things change in my favor
sir Namaskaram
Please see attached file
+ HELP RT THANK YOU +
The dynamic duo strike again! always an honor to share a stage with you! Thank you for
JazakAllahu kheyr
Thinking of all my friends! Shoutout to
Thank you too!
You very cute
Hopefully
Humbled and thanks so much for having faith in us
You are welcome anytime anytime
I'll make my begging pitch on your dm lmao
Time is Running Out & I NEED ALL Your Support
Vote 100% FREE 4 LustyBustyLark
Miss
My ahgase heart is hoping thank you for this sweet treat for
Hopefully I get approved to shoot Crossfaith in Nagoya
Yo soy fan de ustedes
Seriously though, can we please get pink hair back??
Heavenly Father thank you for giving me another day i feel blessed to be alive
Great Soldiers are Immortal
Jai Hind
Possibly the best Christmas present!
If only I win the application
Get Well Soon
They can steal your recipe, but the sauce won't taste the same....
Alhamdullillah Good morning bebz
Shows for Badhaai ho has now increased from 11 (earlier) to 13 (at present) per day at the nearest theatre
This is it
Eeyana Andariki Hero
Maaku Hero
sir Namaskaram
Please see attached file
Thank you Lord for the provisions
Everything that we have comes from You.
I you do Strictly again
I will never do that! And thank
Me and mine are always perfectly protected by his precious blood...thank you Jesus
Stretch marks a flaw! This skin has stretched and shrunk four times to accommodate seven little humans.
you guys should do a scene together. Vag and balls deep anal That would be
Stay safe praying
hey take a listen to this beat I made today support up & coming producers
I'm sorry for your loss praying for you and your family
I pray to god things change & come together its time
Ok, for the two guys that believe in me, i will try let's say for the next 6 weeks to change something
This week i declare my freedom in Christ Jesus from anything that has bound or limited me
Slay me Queen
12 more hours to go... counting every minute...
Sweetest Dreams, everyone!
Love + Blessings to you All!
Copped some bangers at my fav shop
Amen!! Glory to our heavenly Father
Buenas Noches ... Gran Semana para
When you have nothing left to do, pray. You probably aren't
I pray not to break out before senior picture day
Wonwoo signed thank you so much
thank you so much ...
I love everything this girl is saying, preach girl, yas!
So uplifting and inspiring. Thanks for sharing.
Prayers of peace to you. So very sorry.
80k to 46M
Okay sir. an expert in football.
Thank you
YES HE WILL!!!
That feeling when smashed your goals for the week!
(guess laugh that is?)
Thanking God for all the blessings being bestowed upon me for the past few months and for those that I am yet to see/receive.
Please continue to Vote!
iOS
Praying in agreement.
Salamat, Lord! Another gig this weekend. Gikambyuhan nimo ang rejection with blessing. Thank you!
I will NEVER Block you. Your disgusting efforts are too precious not to share.
SALUTE
wait to watch you shine on the next level
Excuse whats you guys talking about? Could you tell me please
Glad to hear you say this told you she
You are unique; remember to please say good words
Cheguei vamos trabalhar
Mita, 08971859384, request lagu Always Be My Baby ver. David Cook. Doong, soale B.I ane ultah min hari ini puterinn plis
Reposting
"Thicc-fit for life! Goodnight Wolfgang !
never be perfect but you still love me Lord so thankful I put no one above you!
Aww you had a wonderful time
Thanks
My C Day Blessed To See 20
Thanks
Just something written.. around 3 years ago : Life is about making an impact, not
Hoping "America 2018" becomes a survival movie.
YES AND THE TOMMY GUN
One of the best accounts on Twitter. Thank you
This is the OPINION
Could you add me as well? Please? I'm 27
Hopefully I get some good news this week.
Ay standard gang
already having gusher withdrawals 1 like = 1 prayer
Love this woman so much Happy Birthday and many more blessings to come
Follow
Any member thank you so much
Nah Fr better days coming tho
I wanna travel the world trying all kinds of food make dua for me thanks
God , i just wanna say am grateful for this day , things could have been different
Greatwelcome to Pune Mr. President. On the occasion of ur visit to Symbiosis, our local authorities have
Thanks for jeevanantham
Mine is redflavourz pls can you follow me
I strongly believe in paying it forward
Thank you
The best feeling after a long day, is laying in bed
Very good morning to you friend
Thank you
Followers get on with join
Big Fan Of Your Sir worldwide trending
Range Rover Nu Len Di Mitra Di Range
They r ding Amritsar Punjab trian accident om Sai Ram bhaupurn shadajali om Sai Ram
Those who wtchd Many Times will Know About This Scene
Kathiresan Says In the Film that ~ His
Cause you are not able to enjoy the coffee while u having it.
Paseo Bonito. Lleno de Amory Fe
Thank You Rangana Herath
Bendito networking
(Si necesitan algo de ya saben ex y amigos)
No more uncivilized people walking out in midst of talk, please
All the best mate!
Prayers your way!
Thank you
Hari jadi Pontianak ke 247
prayers up
Praying for everyone everyone affected by this
Congratulations
More to come
Many Many Return of the day Happy Happy Birthday
The wish of many
Thanks coach , maybe we don't deserve to have a world class coach yet
En paz descanse
Hope all my bros are good
Boom
Won again
wait please keep posting picture for us
thank You brotha Shawn
please tell me Eric Rowes injury will put him on IR I BEG
An incredible innings by & you both make us proud...
Please sign this petition with all your accounts
boleh tolong RT untuk tolong luaskan rezeki yang berniaga online ni
thanks
The Oceanside sought vegence... I did not see that coming Jadis is cold Father Gabriel
God bless you
God bless this
May we receive the good news we've been praying for
Say it x2 for the people in the back bruva
Please RT Follow
Add 10 RT
This weekend was amazing the start of a new chapter 21 down and many more years to come bringing my
Hate to see anyone go down like that. Prayers
Thank you I had a lot of fun making it.
Great contest btw! There were so many really
thank you for your support
Please RT Follow
Add 10 RT
Thank you bella.
Great job...
Paz na terrinha
kahit album or calendar lang kween plsss
i'm sorry i couldnt donate more but i really hope that callie can get the funds she needs thank
Praying for a breakthrough. My heart and soul needs this
I liked a video THIS IS HOW YOU SAY THANK YOU TO YOUR FANS
What if, what if!!!! A MAGA Christmas miracle
God watch over my beautiful good mother and daughters while we sleep tonight. I pray lord hear my prayer
RESPECT
healed
Thank you Randy for your lovely words, truly honoured
Curtis back in the hospital again for the same exact thing Keep him in y'alls prayers
I love yu too Kevin god bless
So happy for youatleast you no longer look like you have 3 letters. you look healthy
Happy Birthday
can i have adventure remake from on switch please thank you
Learning to be comfortable in my skin day by day. Stefanie Michova
May it be a week of answered prayers
was such a dope experience Thank you for including me |
Morning and God bless
So glad my mans finally out of gunnery talked to him a total of like 1 hour in the last 3 weeks
If u dont mind a introverted streamer play some games.
Follow Me Here --------->
Thank you Channel.
Sheesh tell me about it when you see how real the love is
finalmente convertida
I hope I can ace the entrance exam on my dream school tomorrow Lord please guide me and channel all the things
Then Australia....?
thank you so much I def have a lot to work thru but I think it will get easier
kahit album or calendar lang kween plsss
KOREA HAUL (BTS Merch Giveaway, Fila
Goodluck to me on our exams later! help me my dear Lord!
Good trip!
Bisous
Snap from one of my favorite serial "Yum Hai Hum"
Prabhu
Chitraguptji
But its not so easy my dear Very difficult and Challenging we need to face the Challenges Good Morning
We are so close
Caffine Gurunaru
The greatest to ever do it
Thank U
It all belongs to you Lord
ready to stop these 4am wake ups
good to see puts on a great show
Jai Ho!
Because Jesus is in control I truly believe America will be Blessed to be A Blessing
2018 is literally the worst year I've been through in my life, hopefully it will end better
Today is last day of selling slogan. G.O managers
Please RT Follow
Add 10 RT
I always wish my kids got to meet their uncles & aunties their memories forever live on thru their loved
Yes! we also want equality, justice, development, for our community. -
qwq sending positive vibes
We are not in for taking any further shockers from our Film Industry. Enough is Enough
Wishing our National President Shri a very Happy Birthday
I Thank him God bless
Thanks po G ! I'm safe
Selamat Siang All CD The Unforgettable Sekarang Tersedia di
1. iTunes / Apple Music :
Thank you God for blessing us with a beautiful princess
Good morning
guided
really achieve much during my polytechnic studies so this means a lot for me
It's exciting but frightening. Hopefully, no disappointments.
Many many happy returns of the day Happy Birthday sir
Your grace on me this week
You make my bad days feel good and for that; thanks
El dorado
Don't go
The Eve
From Depok, Indonesia. Any version will do thank you
Nunca foi sorte, sempre foi Deus.
One of the best reading today I experienced. Pleased to see the seeds of much awaited cultural change in the community.
Follback thank you
Please Marry me
Monday ...last day to register to vote
Ram ram Tau
outplay saquon tomorrow get me 3 tds
Resiste
Finals.... here we goooo. Goodluck!
Super Hot
Love you
Good morning
GD MRNING
Have a lovely day
Selamat Hari Santri Nasional 22 Oktober 2018.
That's a very mature way of being or / and having fun
Good morning
Please continue to share and make a donation for precious Lily she is only 5 mo old
I live for your Bruabba art. This evening I am truly blessed.
HAYIRLI RAST
Hey any chance you can have over for a visit next season
Agree ji. End all ties - cultural, movie, & sports with the country that attacks us daily
time to act one quick act, you will win many hearts
Eat all the things on my behalf. Please and thank you
Thanks for ordering ANNIVERSARY ICE CREAM CAKE .
.
.
OVERLOAD ice cream cafe ~
Rukan GALLERIA
What do your hands do?
I pray you listen to this song. God Bless
Thank you
I Want This!
Anxiety & depression & trust issues sucks bt I can't let the devil win
Happy birthday brother ... god bless
give up
Oluwa jo, no forget me as you dey bless people
Just as you no forget me as you dey wake people
bismillah katut
Thanks so much - I just added this to the thread...
i agree man, you are 100% correct.
Thank you! Wish me luck!
You're the best, I'm unworthy
Thank you
Wish me luck kk
universe send me a cute boy/girl tomorrow
thanks
KIM
NAMJOON
L O V E Y A
RM
M O N O
10/23 KST
Legend
God please remove anybody lying to me, using me, speaking foul on me behind my back but pretending to love me in my face, Amen.
i have been saying taeil is freaky for ages and he finally confirmed it wow god is so good
Ryan flight hope we all make it!
Bahut khub do good morning
Hi Elizabeth! Glad you liked the pix! It's a white crappie. Here's a better photo of 1 for ya.
actually crazy stuff
Have a great stream officer paige
Monday tomorrow know what that means. We getting they b(eto)read. Go vote
I'm blinded by your grace..
beautiful thank you for sharing have a blessed day
king
God please provide me the boyfriend
Good luck hon
welcome to CHATTISGARH
is just as much fun too watch as and and and
sick too!!! Fall arrived but my allergies sent me into sinus & upper
so relaxing yung matutulog ka makikita moyung picture nyung dalawa with music and lights pa Thank u Lord
Good morning to your beautiful Monday with blessings to you great weekend my lovely heart!
GIF testing with Tenn
Did the animation a month ago
Bantu up nya beb.. Big thanks
Thank you
Until you become un numb and all that shit smacks you at once. strong sis.
Thank you who you men no time !
Love You Bro
Jai Hind
Thank you.
We got you girl you and your family will be in my prayers
All of us Patriots should be motivated to save America on November 6th. I'm praying that everyone realizes that
Wish me luck kk
Rest in peace
Yep its the best its all in the eyes
So kind of you
Good Morning Friends
Bhagwan By And
It feels pretty nice, but only beginning. The truth always finds place in the end. Sunlight
de favor le pueden mandar mis buenos deseos a Jerry, Stephen y Jason. Por favor
Mas noches asi.
Thank you so much sir ji . Love u
As usual sir awesome reply. Hats off
Hulu never disappoints with all the good selections of tv shows and movies
Thanks my dear! I'm glad you didn't ignored me... Thanks for the replies, means a lot to me.
wow, I can't imagine it with this look but I need
Chalo jaan chooti tum jeso sey!!
Very nice work
Bless this week Lord Jesus and anybody seeing this
Prayers sent that way!
Exactly
Yeah I do it all the time, but e picture is still amazing nonetheless
Won against University of San Agustin Thank you G! 1-0
Thank you God for everything you do for my family
Love the wisdom speak the truth
Praying for a Red Minnesota too!
Good morning
i believe in u... i wish u the best of luck my friend
Yea got lucky with no injuries.
Good morning
Thank God for the gift of life and family
Thank you my Mamacita!
I love you so much more !
I love how my brother is just happy with life All is well
Beautiful family
Good afternoon thank you G
I was talking about the video thing lmfaoooo but thanks
Kings growing slowly gonna take over the whole world
RIP Mr. Charles Wang
He was phenomenon in Asian-Chinese community.. still so hard to make to the
Superb lines
Good morning jii
Thank you God for a second chance
Send up a prayer for me plz & thanks
Praise the
Glory kay God and Thank You Lord
Overall Champion
Thank You Cher Barbie Shirly, Shine
Good Morning
Be effective please huhuhu.
This place is my dreams
I pray this one results in a healthy baby and mom.
Bonjour, mes amies/amis!
Happy Monday!
Cuddling On A Sofa. Marriage Is one Of Them Sleeping On A Sofa.
Cuddling On A Sofa. Marriage Is one Of Them Sleeping On A Sofa.
Cuddling On A Sofa. Marriage Is one Of Them Sleeping On A Sofa.
OMG, severe flooding Sending wishes to
Cuddling On A Sofa. Marriage Is one Of Them Sleeping On A Sofa.
Cuddling On A Sofa. Marriage Is one Of Them Sleeping On A Sofa.
Cuddling On A Sofa. Marriage Is one Of Them Sleeping On A Sofa.
Cuddling On A Sofa. Marriage Is one Of Them Sleeping On A Sofa.
thank you! happy Monday!
All love Queen stay encouraged
happy Birthday wise one. May Allah increase you in Rahma and may the best of your wishes come true brother. Ameen
for following us TrillLik. Keep pushin and enjoy your Sunday! If you haven't already, you can grab
Birthday Wishes To The President Of The World's Largest Political Party Sri.@AmitShah Ji..
Now we wait for the new season of the punisher
prayers definitely up for you so sorry for your loss
thank god - if twitter ever says ive liked a tweet thats gross plz tell me!!!
Join our Online Monday Meditation Class
a soothing 30 Min Space for deep and deep
-more arse in cancer-
cant lie
synonyms 4 change: uncertainty, blue
Politik Santun
Happy birthday motabhai
Love that Main Maxx is spitting fire rn.
If you were this focused months ago, maybe you'd be PWR champion today.
Far above principalities n powers
Boom
still waiting for this
Bhai said the right thing
please rt
Prayer
space dementia or assassin for Bilbao, please?
Monday tomorrow know what that means. We getting that b(eto)read. Go vote
Thank you
Happy Birthday Respected President of Mr. Amit Shah Ji
Thank on
My Prayer For All Of You
God will supply
everything works out well if u complain about it enough
happy birthday bro
Bless you, Milli bebe.
Still can't believe on my first ever live on ManyVids I was top earner for two hours in a row
Feeling like a
Sending hugs, fam! Stay strong!
Oh Angel !, you crack me up . Thank you Melissa. I love you . Namaste
gwsin dong, jemariku TERIRIS silet!
haruskan aku izin 1 semester untuk recovery?
am prayin' so hard rn everyt goes well later
Someone is on vacations & we still getting only Sunday updates..Can we get some more pics please..
We wouldn't
Hard to see/respect how big of a blessing u are given when its received on the regular.
I CANT PAY FOR PROMO BUT I CAN PAY ATTENTION
Listen for a Listen NO JOKE! I will listen to everyone who
Oh damn rip , foreplay makes it easier but good luck g
the First shall be
My hood, we talk heavy and die young
prayin' & hopin' for everyt to goes well later
And it's so much a rubbish act to kill because you're trying to air your anger, please educate them in Kaduna... Peace be unto this nation
Please make it happen!
Hope i can see you in paris even if i go to your show
Despite all this provocation. The cops acted professionally and with dignity. Respect for them.
and we out here complaining
Thanks Boss
I know they hate I came up I see the look on they faces .. only up from here
Amen all praise to Christ very welcome I truly appreciate your kind words as well, God bless you always too.
Aww thanks
trying to figure out for last few days and praying
Attention Look at this lovely gentle precious soul!! Please
Please do alot of screening..i have classes that day..
Thank you! much love!
Studio Version please?
Concerned about health after all the cream puffs you lobbed at her
thanks for support me .... Keep supporting me proud to be Pakistani
Ini Tahun Pertama kami
Last three games for San Miguel!
Great minds discuss ideas.
Average minds discuss events.
Small minds discuss people.
Amen bazalwani
Exactoooo! ! !
God Remove Everything In My Life That Sent There By You . . . .
Done, $itspepp, thank youuu
Thankful forever !!!
please attend sir.
You will be a big inspiration to many of us
Thank you for making me feel super special on my birthday.
La mejor energia para el parcero / best of all the energies 4 this homie
Good
Let iKON attend Awards show
Like MAMA this year maybe?
Namaha Shivaay Ishan G
Even "bondeee" beach is waiting for you to do meditation
only a few more minutes left!!Could you please manage to answer some
Thank you For Blessing my Life And YOUR MUSIC HAS BROUGHT A CHANGE IN MY LIFE AND INSPIRED ME TO GO FORTH IN MY
one more time as another phone has graduated onto another journey
Tomorrow will be better. New day, new week
Ssssh
2nd Quarter Exams. at Ugad High School
CLIMAX
Life is a gift. Be thankful and count your blessings always.
sorry Lord
DEL DIA La fe es un don gratuito
Please help precious Sparkle! Please
i think....
Play for Indonesia so and... i give a condolence to a late victim in a train accident of Taiwan
I was thinking the EXACT same thing. Also done, soooo if you need to talk here
Oh my gosh ik what they going through. My village flooded 4 months ago, it was so sad. Praying for Trinidad
Be the change that you wanna see
all Jesus!
HAR HAR MAHADEV............
JAI SHREE RAM..............
Hang in There! Selma's Tough stuff, but but with young child, mid career, it will get much much tougher. I hope
m.A.A.d city and swimming pools
I have no trust with him anymore yet I hope all his words is true winner comeback, new version lighstick,
And I wish I had some fairy dust to scatter..... sure it could delete everything.....
True n well said
WANNABLE PLS GO VOTE WANNA ONE,MAKE A BEST SUPPORT TO THEM
Omg doing the same right now.
While you Wait. Holding Ground
Adenti talk abt-abv avg aipoindha 2 weeks lo blockbuster ninchi ?
We love an I was looking for the whole video.I can't find it. Help
shree Radhe gurdev
What you better do is take your blessings
Very much! Thank you
Done regrister too
Wml
Keep watching over us Ma
